? BY EDNA LYALL, iivtfortfVdmm&s;*' " Wi & GoUm £><W ^Klught-Errant," &c.; CfiASptER XIV. Th!e cfift'etery just outside the Stadsport iV Bergen, which had called forth Shfe eager admiration of Blanche Morgan . in the previous summer, looked perhaps even lovelier now. that winter had come • with its soft, white sliroud- The trees, instead -of their green leaves, stretched out nme-laden branches against tire clear, frosty sky; the crosses on the:graves were fringed with icicles, which, touched d here and there by the level rays of the setting sun, shone ruby-red; or m the f shade gleamed , clear as diamonds gainst the background of crisp white snow. Away in the distance Ulriken reared his grand old' head majestically, a dark streak of precipitous rock showing out •now and then through the veil which hid his summer face j and to the right, m the valley, the pretty Lungegaarsvand was one great sheet of ice, over which skaters glided metnly. The body of Sigurd Falck rested beside "that of his wife m the nudst of all ,th)s loveliness, and one winter afternoon :Sigrid and little Swanhild came to bring •to the grave their wreaths and crosses, for it was their father's birthday. They 'had walked from their uncle's house laden With all the flowers they had been able to collect, and now stood at the fate faf the cemetery,, which opened stiffly swing to the frost. Sigrid looked older and even -sadder than she had done in the first shock of her father's death, but little Swanhild had just the same fair rosy face as before, and there was a veiled tejfltftement and eagerness in her manner as she pushed at the cemetery-gate ; she was able to take a sort of pleasure in bringing these birthday gifts, and even had m her heart a keen satisfaction m the certainty that "Their grave" would • look prettier than any of the others. " No one else has remembered his birthday," she said, as thev entered the silent graveyard. "See, the snow is quite untrodden. Sigrid* when are they going to put father's name on the stone?" and she pointed to the slanting marble siab which leant against the small cross. " There is only mothers name still. Won't they put a bigger slab instead Where there will be room for both ? " J Not now," said Sigrid, her voice • trembling. .'_.-.- .1, • 1 " But why not, Sigrid ? Every one else , has names put It seems as if we had ' forgotten him." •1 " Oh, no, no," said Sigrid, with a sob. ' " It isn't that, darling; it is that we re- 1 member so well) and know what he would have wished about it." ' " I don't Understand," said the child ' wistfully. " It is in this way," said Sigrid, taking h&r; hand tenderly. "I cannot have : ifiOYiey spent on the tombstone, because ]he Would not have liked it Oh, Swan- 'hild !—you must know it some day, you ^^Pg^sSa^is^fiSst^t Wiethe' money* of other people. And till it is ; paid back how can I alter this ?" Swanhild's eyes grew large and bright. "It -was that, then, that made him die,' she faltered. " He would beso sorry for the other people. Oh, Signdj I will be so good; I don't think I shall ever be naughty again. Why didn't you tell me before, and then I shouldn't have been cross because you wouldn't buy me things ?" "-I- wanted to shield you and keep you from knowing," said Sigrid. , " But after all, it is better that you should hear it from me than from some outsider." . " You will treat me like a babyj Sigrid, aad I'm ten years old after all—quite old enough to be told things . . . And oh, • you'll let me help to earn money and pay back the people, won't you V • _:,:: "That is what Frithiof is trying to do," said Signd* " but it is so difficult and so slow. And I can't thmk of anything we can do to help." • . " Poor dear old Fnthiof," said Swanhild. And she gazed away over the frozen lake to the snow mountains which bounded the view, as.if she would like to Bee right through them into the big London shop where, behind a counter, there 1 stood a fair-haired: Norseman toiling bravely to pay off those debts of which she had just heard. "Why, on father's last two birthdays Fnthiof was away fn Germany, but: then we- were looking forward so to having, him home again. There's nothing to look forward to now." Sigrid could not reply, for she felt choked. She stood sadly watching the child as she bent down, partly to hide lier tears, partly toreplace a flower which had .slipped, out of- one of the wreaths. • It was just that sense of having notlnng to look forward to which had weighed so heavy on Signd herself all these months; she had passed very bravely through all : the troubles as long as there had been anything to do ; but now that all the arrangements were made, the villa in Kalvedalen sold, the furniture disposed of, thenewhomeinheruncle's housegrown familiar, her courage almost failed her,- s andeachdayshereahzediriorebitterly \- riiowdesolale.aad^Giiom^waai&eit-;'^stu : tion; - The first- sympathetic ikindness- of . her aunt and; cousins'- had;. .moreover, v.ihad-time tofade a-little,Tandshebecame ; ::v.^growmglyiconsciousithafctkeirsadcfption into the GronvoMrfaniily was aii inconvemence. The house-was:-comfoitable I Taut not too large, andthetwo-sisters a occupied the only spare room, so that it . was jio longer possible to have visitors. The income was fairly good, but times were hard, and even before their arrival Fni.. Gronvold had begun to . praetise ^a : few little economies, which increased during the winter, and became more apparent to all the family This was -depressingenou^h-;'and : then, : as'Swan-- hildhadsaid,therewas nothmgtowhich: • she eould look forwardj for.: aErithioEs prospects ^seenied' to '-herv-altogether blighted, .and 1 -sheforesawj&a.fe;'allrhef-wasi \- likely,to- eam for- . some.stiine to come would- only :sufficesto'lceep ;iiimsel^t: 'and i : could- by no possibility .support, three : peojle. Kery sadlyshe^eft the'cemetery;; 1 ;j>ausing::again5st6sstEuggle, 'withythesstaffi gate, -while Swanhild held the ^empty flower basket ' Can't you -do it? exclaimed 4he child. " What tire ome gate it 1 1 wor e to fasten than to unfa ten But ee 1 here come the Lundgren The -will help 1 Signd glanced xoundj blu hing vividly a he met ihe eager -eyes of Torvald JLundgren, one of .Frithiof chool friends The greetings wereiraak and friendly on both ide, and Madale a jtall pretty girl of lxteen ^with "her hair^braide'd anto one long,Jhick -plait, took httle Swaphild-s ann "and walked onrwitii ier t f JJC L&t; u U 1Ett leavettho V. U V e'-itwo'to ^ tffU VJ^ "ettle CLUC lliC the ^ate "betweengithem, he _aid, ^ filling ti ffafeiocf cold io wait ibr them; "" Now Torvald Xundgren w,a -a year or two older tlian^-pnthiof, and ln\ nig long been in a position df .authority he was unusually old for his age. As a friend Sigrid liked him, but of late.she had -half feared that he wished: to ,be more than a friend, and ^consequently she was not well pleased to see that, by the time the gate was actually shut, Madale and Swanhild were far in advance of them. " Have you heard from Frithiof yet ?" she asked, walking on bnskly.. " No," said Torvald. " Pray scold him well for me when you next write. How does he seem? In better spmts again-?" • "I don't know," said Sigrid, " even to me he writes very seldom. It is wretched having him so far away and not knowing what is happening to him." " I wish there was anything I could o for him^' said Torvald, " hutr there ; seems no chance of any opening out here or him" " That is what my uncle says. Yet it was no fault of Fnthiofs ; it seems hard that he should have to suffer. I think the world is very cruel. You and Madale were almost the only fhends who stood by us; you were almost the only ones who scattered fir branches in the road on the morning of my father's funeral." "You noticed that?" he said, colouring. " Yes; when I saw ht>w little had been strewn I felt hurt and sore to think that ' the othefs had shown so little respect for him, and grateful to you and Madale." " Sigrid," he said, quietly, "why will you not let me- be something more to you than a friend? All that I have is yours. You are not happy in Herr Gronvold's house. Let me take care of you. Come and make my house happy, and bring Swanhild with you to be my little sister." "Oh, Torvald!" she cried, "I wish you had not asked me that. You are so good and kind, but—but——" " Do not answer toe just yet, then; take time to think it over," he pleaded .; " mdeed I would do my. best to make you very happy." "I know you would," she replied, her eyes filling with tears. "But yet it could never be. I could never love you as a wife should love her lusband, and I am much too fond of you, Torvald, to: let you be married just for your comfortable house." "Your aunt led me to expect that, perhaps, m time, after your first gnefhad passed- " " Then it was very wrong of her," said Sigrid, hotly. "You have always been my fnend—a sort of second brother to me—and .ola, -do Jet jtJae to .^tallleave off being- my friend because of this, for indeed I cannot help it." . " My only wish is to help you," he said, sadly; " it shall be as you would have it." ' And then they walked on together in an uncomfortrble silence until they overtook the others at Herr Gronvold's gate, where Torvald grasped her hand for a moment, then, looking at his watch, hurried Madale away, saying- that he should be late for some appointment t"ru Gronvold had unluckily been Iooking out^offlie w ^ ^ ^ S g ^ f ^ j g i g ; Vrffflt ^ooiTas'' the two girls climbed the steps. - "Why did not the Lundgrens come: m?" she ;asked, a look of annoyance passing over her thin, -worn face; " I didn't ask them," said Signd, blushing. " And I think Torvald had some engagement," said Swanhild, unconsciously coming to the rescue. " You have been out a long time, Swanhild, now run away to your practising," said Fru Gronvold, in the tone which title child detested. ." Come in here; Signa, I want a word with you." Fru Gronvold had the best of hearts, but her manner was unfortunate j from sheer anxiety to do well by people she often repulsed them. To Sigrid; accustomed from her earliest girlhood to come and go as she pleased and to manage her father's house; this manner was_ almost intolerable. She resented interference most strongly, and was far too young and mexpenenced to see, beneath her aunt's dictatonal. tone, the real, kindness .that existed. Her blue eyes looked "defiant as she marched into the sitting-room, and drawing off her gloves began to warm her hands by the stove. \- " Why did you not ask Torvald Lund- :gren to come in?" asked Fru Gronvold, taking up her knitting. " Because I didn't want to ask him, auntie." "But you ought to think what other people want, not always of yourself." I , " I did," said Sigrid, quickly. " I knew he didn't want to come m." "What nonsense you talk, .child !" said Fru Gronvold, knitting with more vigour than before; as if she vented her impatience upon the sock she was making. " You must know quite well that Torvald admires you very much"; it as mere affectation to pretend not to see what is patent to all the world." " I do not pretend/'said Signdj angnlyy " but: you—you have encouraged him to hope, and it is unfair and unkmd of you. He told me you had spokentto him." ,' - " What! he has proposed to you?" Eru- Gronvold,- dropping iier:.work.' Did he speak to you itto.-da to-day, dear?" - " And you said you would let him hai e his answerilater- on.-:.- I-see,.dear;-lisee, Of course you-.could.-not-ask'him-in.^ • "I said nothmg of the sort,' saidj i Signd, vehemently "I told him that ; ^ could never think of riiarrying 'him, ndweshallstinbethe^good.fnends l we have always been " " My dear child;" cried Jru Gronvold^ with genuine distress in her tone, "how could you be so foolish, so blind to all your own interests;? He is a most ex- GeUentfeUoWj^ood and-; steady-and.Tlch: —all that-heart could wish." " There, I don't agree with you," said •Signd, perversely. " 1 - should wish my "husband to b6 very different He is just Jike-'Torvaldsin,libsen'sv^tf 7<H>ukkehjemj we always-told him so " i' Pray don't quote that 'hateful play to; me," said Fru Gronvbld. "Every one; itheir.confidence;^oifldTodyjhn^fmise!^" and Snschief Torvald" Lundgren is T a| good^,uprightj;honourableimaniand s .youi| refii mghimi mo tfooh h " Hei very gdod, 1 quite admit," aid f bignd. " He j -my&end;,iandjiasheenii alway j and will be alwa But if Ier was the only man on earth nothing would? induce me to many him It would^onlymeanwretchedne for-u both' 'Well, pray dont put your fooh h| notion about equality andTideal -^love; mto^KaVen' head,' aid Jru •Gronvold 1 ' -shSirply "" Since^you are o tupid-and ^unpractical it will he well that^Karetf -should atcept the^fir t "good"offer^ he; redeive h ^ l "We are not hkely to Hi cu ''the matter," aid-^Signd, and 4 * mg^lT herl feet hetiurnedlyAe&Jhe; worn » Up tair he ran, diaking^witl£4ngtyS tear,heiaunf 3a fwprd haTmtmgUeri persistently, and inflicting deeper wounds the more she dwelt upon them. " She wants me to marry him so that she may be rid, of the expense of keeping us," thought the poor girl. " She doesn't really care for us a bit, for all the time ;she is.grudging the money we cost her. But, I won't, be such a bad friend to poor Torvald as to marry him because I am miserable here. I would rather starve than do that.:. Oh 1 how I hate her maxims about : taking what you can get! .Why should love and equality and.a true union lead to misery and mischief? It is the liyustice of lowenng woman,;into;armere,pleasant:housekeeper that brings half the pain of the world, t seems to me." "ButbythetimeSigridhadlivedthroughv the long evening, hearing as best she disappomtmentand^exationMthher, another tliought< had begun to stir in her heart And vfhen that, night she went to her room her tears were no longer the tears of. anger, but of a miserable loneliness and desolation.. She looked at httle Swanhild lying fast asleep, and wondered how the refusal would affect her life, " After all,-":: she thought to herself, ""Swanhild would have been happier had I accepted him; She would have had a much nicer home, and Torvald would , never have let her feel that she was a burden. He would have been very kind to us both, and I suppose I might have made him happy—as happy as he would ever have expected to be. And I might have been able to help Fnthiof, for we should have been rich. Perhaps I am losing this chance of what would be best for everyone else just for a fancy. Oh what am I to do? After all he would have been very kind, and here they are not really kind. He would have ;taken : such care of me, and it would surely be very nice to be taken care of again." And then she began to thmk of her aunt's words, and to wonder whether there might not be some truth in them, so that by the time the next day had dawned she had worned herself, into a state of . confusion, and had Torvald Lundgren approached her again might reaUy have accepted him from some puzzle-headed notion of the duty of . being practical and always: considering others before yourself. Fortunately Torvald did not appear, and later in the morning she took her perplexities to dear oid Fiu AskevoJd, the pastor's wife, who having worked early and late for her . ten children, now tolled for as many grandchildren, and, into the bargain was ready to be the iVlOnd of .invJn'l I ,.--3..,. out. In spite of her sixty years she had a bnght, fresh-coloured face,»with a look of youth about it which contrasted curiously with her snowy hair. She was httle andplump and had a bnsk, cheerftd way of moving about which somehow recalled to one— " The bird that comes about our-doors - • 11 Wlien autumn winds are sobbing, The .Peter of Norway boors Their Thomas in Finland, And Russia far inland. . The bird, who by some name or other, : All men who know, it call their brother." > " Now that is charming of you to come and, see me just- at the very right-minute, Sigrid,'' said Fru Askevold, kissing the girl, whose face, owing to • trouble and sleeplessness;looked'more worn: than her . own; "I'vejustbeencutong. :outIi3ger borg^s, new frock,-and. am wanting to: sit down - and :rest a.-; little... - W^t' do . you think of tlie colour? Pretty, isn't it ? " " Charming," said^Signd. ^ 'J Let me| do tlie tacking for you ' 7 " « 7t J' No noj^you look tired, my child,fSit| dowtf*there fcy -the stovej and it will 'tack; f 3 together fas we tchat* LWhat makes e hose'^rk : patcTies^eneal3i'your'£yesii", ! ? " Oh, it is notlnng I could-not sleep asfnight, that is all" "Because you were worrying over something. JThat does not pay, child; give it up It's a bad habit" "I don't think I can help it," said Signd " We all of us have a natural tendency ^hat:3v^:..:Don't;you;remember: howFnthiofr.nevercouldsIeepbefore'an examination? " •"And you perhaps were worrying your brain,about him ? Was that it? " "Partlv," said Signd,,looking down •and speaking nervously "You see it was m this-way—J had a chance of becoming rich and well-to-do, -of stepping Into a position which would have -madej me able to'help-the others, andJ-because 'happiness I threw^away .the'chance." f And^soj httleJjy little^ and' mentioning: no flame, he'put/before-the motherly old« lad55.aU the-fact of the case I Child,\ aid "Fru_A kevold, "I have; only one piece of advice to give you,—be -true to your own^deal" ' BuUthen one ;Own ideal «ifey be un titlamablein thi world' j ""Eierhap ,^and if o it can t beTielped. | But fftyou meantfyour mamage to be aj hag^y^ojiej' then be^true "'SHalf^tlie un ; you have to do is just to shut your ears to all the well-meaning but false maxims: of the world, and listen to the voice in your own heart. Depend upon it you will be able to. do far more for Frithiof and Swanhild if you. are true to yourself; than you= would be ahle to do as a nch woman and an unhappy wife." : Signd was silent for some minutes. . " Thank you," she said at- length;: " t : see things much more clearly now ; last night I could only see things - through Aunt Gronvold's spectacles, and I think they must be very shortsighted ones." Fru Askevold laughed memly. "^hat,,is:i:auite.:trae.!Vslie;said;i: ,marriagesf"l3rou^t'iial3out-i l 'iby,!7scUea .i relativesirmay -iook^promislngenougl.. first, but m the long- run they alMUjs .• bflng- trouble and Ttmsery. The irue'ntarr^estoe.madelnheaven; : Signd;'aio'iigh'. folks are slow to believe that Signd wentaway comforted, yetnevtrtheless life was hot very pleasant to her. just then, for although she had the satisfaction of seeing Torvald walking, the streets of Bergen without any signs of great dejection in his face, she had all' day long to endure the consciousness of her aunt's vexation, and to feel, m every little economy that this need nothave been practised had she decided as Fru Gr&n-; vold wished., It was on thewhole a very dreary Ghnstmas, yet the sadness was bnghtened by one little act of kindness and courtesy which to the end of her life she never forgot.: For after all lt is that which is rare that makes a deep impression on us. The word of praise spoken at the beginhing of our career hngers for ever in our hearts with something of the glow of encouragement and hopefulness which it first kindled there; while the applause of later years glides off us like water off a duck's back. The httle bit of kindness shown m days of trouble is remembered when greater kindness during days of prospenty has been forgotten. It was Christmas-eve. Signd sat in her cold bedroom, wrapped round m an eider-down quilt She was reading.,over agam the letter she had last received from Fnthiof, just one of those short, un-. satisfying letters which , of late he had sent her. From Germany he had written amusingly enough, but these London letters often left her more unhappy than they found her, not so much from anything they said as from what they left unsaid/ Since last Christmas all had been taken away from her, and now it seemed to her that even Fnthioi's love was growing cold, and her tears fell fast on the thmlittle sheet of paper where she had tried so hard to read lovejmd Jjope. A knock at the door made her dry her eyes hastily, and she was relieved to find that it was not her cousin Karen who entered, but Swanhild, with a sunny face and blue eyes dancmg widi-excitement "Look; Signd;''she:cnedy,"here is a parcel which looks exacdy like a-present; Do make haste and open it" They cut the string and folded back the paper, • Signd giving a httle cry of surpnse as-she saw before lier "the waters colour sketch of Bergen, which had been her father's last present to her on the day . before his death. Unable to pay for it, she had asked the propnetor of the shop to take it back agam, and had been relieved by his ready consent. Glancing quickly at the accompanying note she saw that it bore his signature. It ran as follows — ."fMABMtj^-Willyoudomethe honour of:.acceptmg-the'iwaterrcolouri,sketch-;of Bergen'chosenfby'Ae^ate- Herr-iEalck-in: " Oh cried Signd, " isn't that good of him 1 And liow nice of hnn to wait for GhnstmasjinsteadoPsending it straight back. Now I shall have something to send to Fnthiof. It wiE get to him in time-for the new year " Swanhild clapped her hands " What a splendid idea ' I had not thought of that And we shall have it up. Jiere .jusfefor Ehnstmas-day.r-^How: pretty it is 1 People are veiy kind, I think i J ' ;:;-And SigHd'felt-^edittle;dmgmg, arm: >round^eriwaist5vand-;:as- jthey.:do^kedffat: the picture together she-smoothed backlthe child's golden Jiair tenderly. '"Yes/ 1 "she^slid, smiling, "after all, 1 people are very^ kind." CHAPTER XV s As Pr-e tenjAskevold^hadjfeared, Fnthiof iore'JJieJbro^ble^muc^Ues easily <Pe 'was without JSigna wefeies of ature, without ?her patience, -and the htde touch of philo ophic^matter of fact ne ^whicli ihelped hereto ^endure jHej was far-Tmore^ en ita e—too^ancl vias^ tc nblj liandic LppeH by itlfe^bittenfe ' rlv wac +>»» ncf na t^Mo ^ desolate London lodgings, with his sore heart and rebellious'intellect, grew daily more hard and morose. Had it not been for the Bonifaces he must have gone altogether to the bad, but the days which he spent every now and then in that quiet; simple household; where kindness reigned supreme, saved him, from- utter ruin. 1 For always through the darkest part of every life there runs, though we may. sometimes fail to see it, this" golden thread of lovej" so . that even the worst man on earth is not wholly, cut off ..from God, since He will, by some means or Otlier, eternally try to draw. -him out of. death into life. liWe.-areastoundedjnowandithenv to.read lBlhat^onic'cblclTblbodtid.^ murdererj^somc man guilCy of a iiSeou jEnme^'SMl 1; aslfe mJhis^ast,;mbments:.to%seeKae(MdHvfigi' . -'just-- we do -not,understands the'iintumg iheart of the All-Father who m His goodness often gives to the Vilest sinner the love of a .pure-hearted woman, or child. So true is the beautiful old Latin saymg, long in the world but little believed, Mergere nos patitur, sed non submergere, Chnstus " (Chnst lets us sink maybe; but not drown). : • .. Just at this time there was only one tiling m which Fnthiof found any satisf faction,.and that was m the little store of money which by slow degrees he was able to place in the savings bank. In what way it could ever grow into a sum .large enough to pay his father'? creditors he did not trouble himself to fhtnk, but week by week- it did increase, and with this one aim in life, he struggled on, working early and late, and living on an amount of food which would have horrified an Englishman.: Luckily lie had discovered a place in Oxford Street where he could get a good -dinner every day for sixpence,, but this was practically his only meal, , and after some months the scanty fare began to tell upon him; so that even the Miss Tumours noticed that something was wrong. " That young man looks to inc underfed," said Miss Caroline one day. " I met him on the stairs just now, and he seems to me to have grown paler and .thinner. What does he have for breaks fast, Chaj-lolte? Does he eat as well as the other lodger ? ?' "Dear me, no," said Miss Charlotte. " Ifs ujy belief that lie eats nothing at all but ship's biscuits. There's a tin of them up m his room, and a tm of cocoa, which he makes fgr himself. All 1 ever take him is a jug of boiling water night and morning !" - 'J J J-1.111^-- " Poor fellow Hvllc. V !" s^-s said Miss. Caroline, -1 which must have been, washed a^hundrea times into her dress. - w-.,:,:-'-' A. delicate, carefulness in. these httle: . details of dress distmguished the three ladies—they had inherited, it- with the: spelhng of their name and other tokens of good, breeding. " I feel sorry for him," she added. " He always bows very politely when I meet him^ .and he is remarkably:good-looking, :thou^h with a disagreeable expression." . .-• " When one is hungry one seldom looks agreeable,!' said Miss Charlotte. " I wish I had - noticed -him before," andv she' remembered} witha httle pang of- remorse; that she had more than onee preached to -him about his-soul, while all the time she had been too dreamy and unobservant to see what was really wrong with him. " Suppose," she said itnmdlv, " suppose; I were-to takehimalirtleoftliestewied Ameneanrbeef , we ishall have for supper;?? " Send it up by the £irl," said Miss Tumour.,/^" ; she;;is.-.stiU-:.mwthe-s^ p ^savoury little supper?- Unluckily the girl i jvas a pert cockney," and~her loud, abrupt knock at the door in itself irritated • Fnthiof " Come m," he said m a surly tone "Look here," said the girl, "here's something to put you in a better temper. M.issus's'comphmentsj'and.shebegsyou'll accept it," and she thrust the tray at him with a densive grin 'IHave the .goodness to take that down again," said Fnthiof; in a fit of unreasoning anger. " I'll not be treated like your mistress's pet dog " Something jn his manner cowed the girl- She beat a hasty retreat, and was planning how she^could manage to eat tiie despised supper herself, when at the' foot of the stairs she m6t Miss (Charlotte; : and her project w as mpped m the bud. C^t-BQ^se, miss ^won't touch; it,' she'yexplained'- " 5 ewas"as angry as could be. and savs 'p ' Tak<> ihawayl T'U? not be treated like your tai tres pet 1 dog,' ay So, bem' frightened, I ran? downstair tagen r^ S Mi Charlotte, looked tnul led, and: later on, jvlWas-u uale lfe4ook3up -the jugjpf«hot^water75heifeffi i ne&rou; ^and nncoiflfortaBle,'and^her ? knock<\as more timid than e\cr Howcvei, he hid - 1 tiembJing- a if =he had seen a ghost, and gazing up at the tall Norseman who, in the hurry of the moment; had forgotten to remove the wet towel which; in common with most nightworkers; he was in the habit of tying round his forehead. , Miss Charlotte stooped topiek up the: jug. I am so sorry the girl was,rude," she said. " I wish I had brought it myself. You see, it was in ,this way : we all thought you looked so: poorly, and we were having the beef for; supper, and we thought perhaps you might fancy some, -and—and " " It was veiy good of you," he said, iiicib. - v' I swcirsijut" you- feus&aEetall6;\yanceffor^lS^ten^'er-ed( man rati a'spittrng- headache " " "Is -tliat the "reason you tie at up 7 " asked Miss Charlotte He -laughed and pulled off the towel, passing his handover the mass of thick, light hair which it had disordered. . "It keeps it cooler," he said, "and I can get through more work." ••• She glanced at the table, and saw that it was covered with papers and books. "Are you wise to do so much work after being busy all day ? " she said.- " It seems to. me that you are not looking welL" " It is .notliing .but headache," he said. " And the work, is the only pleasure I • have m the world." "I was afraid from your looks that you had a hard hfe," she said, hesitatingly. " It is not hard outwardly. As far as work goes it is easy enough, but there is a deadly monotony about it" " Ah ! if only " she began He interrupted her. "I know quite well what you are going to. say—you are going to recommend .me to attend one of those religious meetings, where people get so full of a • delightful excitement. Believe me, they would not have the slightest effect on me. And yet, if you wjsh it, I will go. It shall be my sign of penitence for my rudeness just now." Miss Charlotte could not make out whether his smile was •• sarcastic genuine. However, she took him at-his word, and the next evening carried him off to a big, brightly-lighted hall to a revivalist meeting, from which she hoped great things... •-. It was a hot June evening. He came there tired with the long day's work, and his head felt dull and heavy. , Merely out of politeness to his companion he tried to take some sort of mtn.re^i \- 01 ;,' silflctl lur, mclmauon laugh now. and then, and watched tlie proceedings attentively, though wearily enough.. In front of him rose a huge platform with tiers of seats one above the other. The men and women seated there had bnght-lookrag faces. Some looked self-conscious aid self-satisfied; several of the women seemed overwrought and hysterical, but others had a genuine look of content which impressed him. Down below was a curiously heterogenous collection of instruments^ corsets, „drums;,ilambourlnesj strumpets; lowed by a chorus y the . words, were solemn, but.fhe 1 tune wa^ .the reverse ; still it seemed to please the audience, who sang three choruses to each. verse; the first loud, the second louder, the third a perfect frenzy of sound, the drums thundering, the tambourines dashmg about wildly, the pipes and comets at their shnllest, and everyonepresent sing, ing or shouting with all his might It took him some time to recover from the appalling noise, and meantime a woman was praying. He did not inucn attend to. what she said, but the audience seemed to agree with her, for every minute or two there was a chorus of fcryent "Amens," which rolled through : the hall like digtant thunder. After that the young man who conducted the meet- : Ing read a story out 6f theBible, and spokft well and with a sort of simple directness. ; There was very little in what he said, but he. meant every word of it. - It.: might have bgen summed up m three sentences 1 "There is onlyone, way of being happy. I have tn?d it and have found it answer. All y?>u who haven't tried it begin at once-" • But the words which meant much to him conveyed nothing to Fnthiof He listened, and wondered how a man of his own age could possibly get up and say such tilings; What ivas it he had found? How had he found it ? If the speaker had shown the least rsign of vanity, his, f words would have ;been: utterly powerless ; but his quiet.positiveness impressed people, and it was apparent to everyone that he bejieved in a strength which was not his own. There followed much that, seemed,: to Fnthiof monotonous and undesirable; about thirty people on the platfonn, one after another, rgot up and spoke a few word?,- which ldvanabjy began with " I'thank the iLordvI ,was saved on such and such a night." He wondered and wondered what the phrase meapt to them, and revolved in his mind all the -theological dogmas hp had ever '"brother," sh§said t6him, "are you' t - r i v m a u a heard of. Suddenly he was starded to find that someone was addressing him, a hymn was being sung, and there was a t good deal of movement in the hall; peop^wentand- came,andan:.elderly. . woman^adrsteppedjforwardiandtakenyaj f lace UepideihimlT ^ " ^ ; l inot-wthefshghtes&dea;: •l ""Oh then," she said with a httle "gfesi* ^ ture that remmded him of Miss Charlotte, b l g i 1 "let'me beg you to come at once to Chnst ' " Madam," he said, still in his coldly pohte -voice, "you must really excuse. Jnejbutldosnotkno wwhatyoumean." , : She .was:!so+rmuch i -surprised ;; ;and. puzr zled'by. 'both words and maiiner ithat she hesitated what to reply; and Fnthiof, 1 who',hated':being;:questaoned.-took:his:hat, fromsthe^benchiiiand'.^owiiigiformallyrto; her, left the hall. In the street "he was joined hy Miss Charlotte. " C>hshe exclaimed, l am so sorry y0ursaid^that5~:Xoui.will:liaveimade3that poor -woman so-terribly unhappy " " It is all her.owntfault," said Fnthiof:-, s%Why, didi-shevcome^nieddling. with imy i private affairs? If her'behef was real she- would'haveiheen^bleito.-ei^lamitui' a rational way, in tead of ti ing phrases? which'are ju t empty words i '"You.didn t leave her time j:o explain.? And as to her belief bem~ real, da you-: thmk"jf it was not real, that little, fraiK woman would ha^had couiage to goj twice 5 to pn on «for pealon^ m thei r i treets ?^X)0j30u thmk he -would haves befn able to^com ert-the-mo ftlJanSonedf tlpeves, landi,induce thenx to make^T-e ti i; tution,ippaying«- m. eek J3y -week -wti't stliey 3 could eanS o replace wljat thi. nad Stolen?? ^ ^ T^Ope ihefdonhat? Jhen Igre pect : her s 'r'WTiiSn^^n" CPB her ^agalSyrpleaBe? todbllogical for m^rrnnl^ jJJTb te^conUm/eif «• -- "WHAT NONSENSE YOU TALK, CHILD," SAID FRU GRONV6LD. 