The Sherbrooke Mystery • ýr ''i, BY AN0T 3. HioAItY., ' . (Oonoludod.) t oIrhey both agreed as to detail of the story : na Buck and I saw instantly that it was truthfully told. "Ah-sh I" oexclaimed the former, at length. 'c This must be looked into. And whore's the itttle dog 1" " He's out there yet," volunteered Bobby; 'i' we could hear him cry till we got clear 'down the road." -Buok ran across the street to Squire Put iloy's, and in a few words told him all about lit. . ,Nedleso to say our supper was untastod, 'until a late hour that night. 'Nearly all thie male inhabitants of Shler. ibiooko, headed by the equire and piloted by "the boye, started out to investigato the imatter. 'No pilots were needed, however, for the "dog detective still remained yelping over the crimeo he had ancartheod, and guided by his smournful howls no ono could go astray. It'ooohingihs aepot, thotquire knelt down and s?iped the dirt tfrom the dead woman's "'Jit' Lucy llavisl Good: God I" he ox. dllonmed in a tone of horror, at the same time ,'falling back a few paces. /After a terror trieollcen pause of a moment torttwo;'some of s eelt to work to exhume the Ibtily. ;A tow nhovellnlo of earth and the form of a woman, without shroud or aolin, Ibdt'fouly dresaed in tihe ordinary gorments of Ilife,'was exposed. About the body, a whitd tdbdttanco was plentifully sprinkled, and was :loundl'to be ehlnr of lime, doubtless placed Itherelto insure e,' dy decomposition. 3Everyonerecognieedpoor Luoy Davis, and Isawltho rigid andlivid mark upon the nook, )pdioted out by the squire. lIt 'was evident she had been murdered by .rtra?ndglatio., and tosned, dressed as she swnus at tho moment of her violent death, linto:thorude grave where the dog had found Iludkhthen recalled the quarrel between the ilmdstwomnn and her Ihusband which he had ailtnuesied rie preending day when the cap. thiin thail stnnd before his angry wifoe playing itilth the whipcord. fltelo cottago was searched, and l cord was [found tlying on the floor of the room, which, nthou itried upon tthe woman's neck, fitted tarcadly 'the rigid, livid circle. In thie edlar wa.oarlauntity ofl a white sulbstance preoisely dlinillar 'to that Been in the grave, and those mrtidlee )belonging to Mirn. Davis found upon 'tho eooppewaore missing, from the house. lit tancmui 'as '11 there could be no more idallit:nastt.'lh e riminal titan th crime. JENeily next anornitic ouck came to into ~ty'allice, a travellirtg matchel in his hand. ""'toti've not finished your vacation, tsurely?" II neked in surprise. "llI've voluntarily abhortoned it," he an owsared; " I'm going back to the city with Ithisaonea on hand, There's oenough in it to iintarest a good many people." '"(lood-by, then," aid I ; " lot me hear Ifrori'you, Buck;" '"lOh, ye'," he assented: " good luck to ,yous ith your client," and in another mo Imontlhe was oilt. 'Woe startling affair ol tihe night previous Ihail somowhat dituirnished the novelty of my town 'visitor, but IBuck's remarks brought lhanklthonmystery again, and 1 fell to wonder iing where shb was, and if she had hoeard of the terrible crime perpetrated upon a woman who shad been teo very like to become her ;hoistes. !At dinner timeI wnalked over to the hotel ilnd glanced ov6r the lint of arrivals of threu doays itiforo in the va'nte hope of finding somniinneription of a aUres Beryl omobody; but I r, as disappointed. : [o ,only eruey setranrgnr-nss a hrs L. MIlarkton, who, "eith her little boy, had only !stayed over night and went away the next imonlnig. ]Evidently my client had not honored the hotdl with a viset ; where on earth could she havegone to, unions sheo took the late night dtrain for some other ploce, was the great ,query in mind. And then her own words, "IDo not attempt to write to mo or find me outq;"oame bauck to my mind, and I con eluded she had probably bad' It in her oinil to leave Shorbrooko when she uttered them. tin.a few days I coooined this lotter from ntudk. ttibran- "t.DgAn' oY.- You know anlthrity was `placed lin cIy )hands as to the'D eia ' murder, so, ,ptser' aeoortaniittg that the captain, had 'sailcadoIr'Nu w Yorl,' Ploliao Cptain Lmnmmur and imyuelf eearolced dilitigently among ,te hllipping until wo: fourd the c Onward' 'inorod at an E aht River pier. I went on board and sanid, , uGloodnmorning, onlatin. I'm sorry to troubto yot, but Ive a warrantu for your arrest;' "'Arresti For iwhat ' exclaimed he, greatly netoninhed. " For thomurder of your wile,' caid I. "'liclrder ol my wilel That can't be I .ey isn't denndl' ..' Yea, asit i st rangled by a cord,' '.Thbo old fillow rose to his ftet and looked .me 'aamonly and steadily in the face. "' .Sir;' e:ud he il:ally, if Luoy's dend, I don't know it ; 1 had a qlanrrel with her the night ' left, and gave her a pieco of my mind, but God in miy wiiotnes that I didn't putra hoond upon hIr.' "Iloo wed with a good deal of interest upon tihe tln wtto could deny a critme with which he was rO etrontgly linked by circum. tanltial evidenic, but I took him all tile same, and wu'll bo thlere m lSherbroolkeo some timoe tomorrow. IS. you to morrow night, probably. Jlow's your one elient ?" Phat wans all referring to tile tmurdlr. 'Thlo next day thie people of Sherbrooke c, c1 prrlcntlyl, nut. eWhen Ucol; and his t' ,t crrivol, thle captain wtas eurrolndod S horitutil tc?b that pltedt him with op. " a e ' t'il "', tfilnd i with dillioulty could , lraiuei L:om doing! violence to hie pi rJnt, but he bore hinillci bravely and un. tdisnnoyod through it all. ilis condot, however, was only noted t. 1tlh dieetuilit, for tile eitiuas could not re 'mornlber any hardened wrotch who lcad no !boldly tlauutnd hie crime in the Inca of an ouiralled people. Well, in duc tine tile grand jury was coln. waucd, and his ca; c tonsiders]. l'ltorc was no Iore doubt of his gclilt in that tllllabl Ioldy than it the conicuctnity at lorgel, andl lie won formally indlited for tiloe urdcr of .Laucy DIavi. Wlenu Iluckl took thlo n iwa to tlic In his utdLI, he oily ncit.- S(tod's will beI dote." linlperfot iewin!llattiou hht| by this time 'woin on tltok'h kind u ciart, nlot el itnquiredl if !te didu't wishi to ouc otouel to ?cltondfed hIct at lthe cle rultchincg trial. 'ihu onl icittai'' fati btiti htelt d a little ,athi:s flirat binlt uiu tl el HyilccIy, buit lie so lied, SI thank you, frleid, but I deun't red nn lu?tyr, (tod ctitwe I alu inioitett it thit th .trd ti ull ll prove it it li own |rud ? i Ioauturer had lenlgthened into hn early an IIuIn;h t the opIIOtmUber d)'n ]h ud bee'nUl to lie sltowihat chilly, sad i all t ie tis e i Iso ?lverl uthlcer slctall case. hItid belut con. fided to tice, antd I hltd tepit lutIrultly buty It Itlhttlrnlii but encou ill a whilc I uICed tou gout thunosa pha'r and lotlt thet ovi r and I idiler it ever I lcutlh soe tile Illtin wItoanIt luult Id tlll jokcci mui ll teruiuhlly aIlout I IliLIthOuI he oS n naclqualnted wvith th0 I. ivel, hars) und once lu nelo l?cJ . t td thl t t i,...... .. · lie had returnol to his regular work in the city, but ran down every now and then, frequently on the Saturday evening train, to stay over night with me and spend 8:ls Sday. The slight fact that his hancec had spent the summer months at Sheorbrooko and was prolonging her stay through the fall, I did not consider as important no the fondness for my company, so suddenly evinced, and so I used to toll him, but ho always claimed his great interest in the Davis murder case refused to let him sleep nights in New York, and he wanted to be out here to be near the old man in case of a mob. The day appointed for the trial of the prisoner was close at hand, when our qui-" village was troubled by a now terror. One remarkably pleasant September more ing, when the children were all on their way to school, the eastern coach stopped, a ghost descended, and walkOd leisurely with every semblanceo of life down the road toward the long deserted cottago on the beaoh. As Bobby Muller conlided tomoafterward, "it was a horrible, real, lvro ghost," for it tried to pat the shrinking boy on his eurle, and nodded familiarly to several people whom it met on the way. A number of persons were ready to swear that this ghost was ondowed with human passions, and that they almost saw a flush of anger rise to its cheeks when it found the wholu town avoiding it in unconcealed terror. But oit wan a peruistent ghost, for it walked steal.' on until. it ..resnohd-.h garden gate ;,:.sh iit found nailed up; and it developed a talkative propensity when it discovered tbo pigs running riot among the vegetables and flowers. In the voice of the dead Lucy Davis it or alaiined in a peevilsh tone: "That John I)avis'll be the death of me yet I Letting them pesky huogs oot, up ehingeuo I" It is needless to prolong the story the ghost was no other than my old enemy, Lucy Davis, whom I had firmly believed to be sleeping quietly in her grave. When Bauck called upon her in search of partiou lara, she gave the following acaount in her own language : "I've oflten give John eass, but he's never give me no aass until that last row we had. Then he did fire up and blaze out, leavian me madder'n all fury. ine's got a tongue with a deal o' meanness in it, now I tell yo. Well, he dug outin his sloop, an' I made up my mind not to let him come home and think he'd got the best of it, so I packed up too and walked on foot that night to Weybor, whereby nobody knew me, and took the coach to huns up a cousin o' mine that's married and settled in Vermont. Of courseo I heard nothing about this ' body business' thet they thought weas me, and alter my visiting streak got worn out, I started home again, but 'twas nothin' in tile world but the merest luck that brought me so soon; my cousin Maria, she was a going tow do some quilting for the winter, an' I'd partly pro mised to stay a few weeks longer and help her, but Lord knows I never meant no harm to John. That pe?ky 'body' must have stole my boat skirts and table cloths an' that whole set of silver shiny that John brought me from Bosting." Ti,-.t's the whole story. Davis was, of eoareo, instantly released from prison and tleolegal proceedings against him stopped, and after that Siherbrooko never heard of any more disturbance be tween the captain and Lia wife. Some little time afterward I was talking with the old man about the Altair and all of a sudden he thrust his hand into the ea parlous pocket of his seaman's trousers and pulled forth something which ho handed to " Hero's what Lucy fishoed to-day, out'n our old well that's dried up," he said. I examined the trinket with eager inte' rest. It was thebo ame ring, the same fau tautlo design and curious..ieltu a : eamoigh?ysrr ty'mer'tlO the sonP, that my. myetio cllent had worn upon her finger that warm July afternoon, two months ago. I turned it over and over. Inside, in delicate letters was inscribed "Beryl." That was all. "all Did your wife find anything elsoe?" I strove to ask carelessly. . "Lommo see," he reflected for a moment. '' Oh, yes, asuit of black mourning an' thi?k veil, thicer'n a board, I should say., Lucy gave it to Mr Johnson, and she would have let him have this, only I had it in my pocket." Book and I woent to work upon"tha 'new facts of the case, and I confided to hili the whole story of my cllent.: We traded the ring to a New York pawn shop, whore it had been placed for solo by a German lady'and from whlicl place it had. been sold to a .wompn-the description of whom compared almost identically with that of Lucy Mavis. It was ono of those atrango, mysterious re. semblances with which one meets rarely, and Was that which had so impressed me with an air of familiarity about my client. I wrote to to the few names I had poaseesaon of in the woman's papers. Prom somo I never heard at all ; otheres know nothing of a woman named "lleryl something," the title must have been fl. titious. From only one person did I hear anything likely to contain a shadow of the truth. This one wrote that a woman answering to my description was the wife of a noted English burglar named Collinghy, now dead; the woman was his clever accomplice, aiding him greatly with her ladylike air, quiet man. noera and wonderful habit of gaining confi. dence and friendship wherever als boarded and formed acqluaintances. But of course nothing was certain. Buck dooelared it wasi tile first ase upon which he had ever came off wortoed, and hto returned to Now York with his pretty wife, and felt rather diseuteld with Sherbrooke. A mystery has always broo:led over the Docvi cottageo and the murder still remains an insoluble enigma. Fliteon years have nov elapsced without ally deoltection o the murderer. A number of artielia were micinig from the housce, and a elo?e ecrltiny showed that hie strange womnu had not nily been there, but had pltbably blin i urdered there durling the pni 0It utter lDavin and his wife left. The cord loond in the room laid fitted the neck, and the chloride of litme in the collier had oeidently bren distlurbedl, while the house was generally dienrranged. !Irhl )Davnll' abnhnce from the hnuse was not known or proven until alter the finding of tlhe body, and its identilication was so obsoluto thlat of coursea no searcl wan made for a woman Lnown to be deadl, and Lucy hlerself, being in a retiried elpot of a distant Stale, had heard nothing of her supposed datalland cilhitcqueont evellts. Mly client wal beholived to honve been one of aparty of hurlars wholo eItered ti ebo hoiuse, mld 0some qOurrel having orleoon, hoe had beein iourdoed Iby the other moomber ofl the plnrly. I lavo 1kepit tio lingl to (livoe to Duck's little daunl;?er, tiler)l, wvhln tIlin iimo coaaes, iand thu ,iapero 1 have ooill, naely 1put away. Tile, en01 it uI Iioinill Illl)llo Ighe ioiiiooeoi d police burioesot . No )Iulll ol oil ort hion ever Illerniid noole than was discoverell by thlu IIIIlte illlti|l s of (th dog, w IW n hu pinwe'd tb, recret o( thle cilmo aroi tlu thallo w taeo Illo the dlirk turcat. So, you 000ee, oliuoder Wi l nlot ai l ) 10 0,0 .' A i10to(i hh llia hchlooil wIloi,'r wi' iiioie n lked lo t :lk :in th n iubju it o l oio'eomi tr oneo hlue ri alhh i .' ) . iii, lhII' h ti Io e In I o ion,'aoI lH?IIII: i :'i , li'iI I ie ii oilo lob Il u (2 1 Io I5. bit of blue rilbbou ini 0ddl: " Now, l.10 ly oif you chili1n rbgvle ion a I lbllor' ivlly Ii oil ely fr a l ohi nt I th1 n Scldhii t little vulue jlo thu raur of he room i " 'Uao sthin hI a lirohlbltion lawn." 