Sighted at Last. OHAPTEE L. A GROW TO PLUCK. ( Continued.) Bluntly and speaking with less diffi culty now that the ice was broken, Caleb gave his reasons for believing Coutts guilty— what he had observed at their chance meetings, and particu larly her rejection of himself after she head led him to think that she favoured him. Mr. Iladleierh allowed him to tpll his story to the end without inter ruption. He could see that the man was blinded by jealousy and rage, was unconsciously exaggerating trifles, and distorting them into proofs of his fore gone conclusion. ' It is fortunate that accident has made me the iirst hearer of this accusation,' ho said calmly, when Caleb stopped. ' I had little doubt from tho first that you woro labouring under a delusion : I am now convinced of it. I will under take to convince you of it in the morn ing, if you will be advised and remain quiet to-night.' 'I won't wait till morning — I'll have it out of him now. , Where is he.?' ' Stay where you arc, sir !' said Mr. Hadleigh authoritatively, as Caleb made a movement towards the door. ' Tt you have no care for yourself, you must have some for tho girl. A brawl between you and my son on her account will disgrace her for over.' Caleb halted as if his feet were sud denly clamped to the floor. For tho iirst time, he saw the danger with which his impetuous conduct threatened to bring her he wished to save. ' 'What am I to do, then ?'he asked with more humility in his manner than ho had vet displayed. 'What I have toJd you. Wait as patiently as you can till the morning. Be here at eight o'clock, and I promise to have everything explained to your satisfaction without causing the girl an noyance.' ' It's kind of you to think that, sir.' ' Show your gratitude by doing what I tell you. Go back the way you come ; if you mounted by a ladder, return it to its proper plac e; and when you come in the morning bring Culver with you.' ' I can't speak to him ahout it until I know she is safe.' ' There is no need. You have only got to say he is wanted here, It is better you should take the message than one of the servants. The less gossip we have the more likely the girl is to escape scandal. Good night,' ' Good-night, ' and ? thank you kindly.' The Agitator had never imagined that there would come a day when he should be compelled to speak such words of gratitude to the owner of Eingsford. He obeyed his commands slowly and faithfully: all sense of humiliation was stifled by the know ledge that whatever might bo the up shot of the meeting in the morning, the advice given him was sound, and that in adopting it, he was rendering the best service to Pansy. Mr. Hadleigh knew that he had conquered the man, and did not think it necessary even to look at him as he parted the heavy hangings and stepped out on to the balcony. A few minutes after the window had closed, however, he bolted it. That operation had been forgotten by himself during the even-' ing, and had not been performed by tho servant, who had instructions on no account to enter the library unless the bell rang. ; 'I have done with those things now,' was his mental observation, and yet he lingered over the words,, as if reluctant to pledge himself that he should not again look at those records of a sad life. AVith more firmness he said presently : ' I shall not look at them again.' He drew a curtain aside and looked out. The moon was shining dimly through a haze ; tho white space before him looked like ghostland, and it was peopled for him by ghosts of blunders in the past and of hopes disappointed or relinquished as unattainable. If we could live our lives over again ! What ?use ? — unless we could start with tho bitter experience which inspires the wish. Then how steadily we might steer through the shoals of folly, pnss ion, and falsehood. In that still ghostland on which he was gazing, there rose a new phantom offering comfort. ' I will find my happiness in foster ing theirs,' he said, as he turned from tho window* and with hands clasped behind him, head bowed, began to walk up and down the room. Here happend one of those trifles which make and mar existence. He was tripped by a hassock and fell : in falling, his temple struck the corner of tho table and ho lay insensible. About tho same time there was a strange sound outside like a distant boom of a heavy sea rushing upon a shingly beach : it was the wind forcing its way through tho snow-laden trees of the Forest. Caleb Kersy had reached the village, his hand was on the latch of his lodging, when looking backward, ho saw a rod glare in the hazy atmosphere. Tho terriblo word ' Tire !' rose to his lips, and his landlord— Dr. Joy's successful pupil in tho science of economy— heard him. Tho alarm spread through tho villaSo with mysterious rapidity, and whether moved by a disire to render as sistonce, or mere curiosity and a crav ino- for and unusual excitement which might break tho monotony of their lives, groups of men, women, and boys woro soon tramping through the snow in tho direction of tho blaze, the littlo engine of the village volunteer firo brigade was dragged from its shed, and with a shout tho lads started to tho rescue. There had been much rick-burning during the past, few months, and it was at first supposed that this. was another outrage or accident of tho same kind. But the wonder grow, and '' the pace was quickened when it became known, from messengers who were rid ing in search of assistance, that it was, Eingsford Manor-house which was on fire. Already there woro people at the scene of disaster, and as tho broad flames shot out from windows and roofs, there were murmurs of wonder such as one hears at a display of fireworks. The murmurs, however, were those of terror. A luminous glare cast a blood-red shade overe tli e white ground ; the snow quick ly dissolved, and was trampled into a black puddle by the feet of tho gathering crowd. The fire had got complete possession of the building before it had been dis covered. Still, gangs of men were pass ing buckets of water from the wells, which others heaved on the burning mass ; whilst Coutts was vainly exerting himself with an ' extincteur.' Eager questions passed from mouth to mouth as to the servants and family. All were safe except one — tho master of tho house, it was feared that he had per ished. Pour men bearing a ladder came run ning from the direction of the stables. The ladder was placed against the por tico, which protected it somewhat from tho lire. Throe of the men drew back from the scorching lieat ; the fourth, whose form reflected by the light was like that of a giant, dipped a big handker chief in a buckot of ? water and fastened it over his mouth. That done he ascend ed the ladder and leached the balcony. He tried to open the nearest window, but it was fast, and a slight murmur of dismay rose amongst those who watched the rescuer. Placing his shoulder against the casement, he with one vigor ous heave burst it open and dis appeared. Suspense lengthened ten minutes into an hour. The man came out carrying another in his arms, and all knew that the other was Mr. Hadleigh. The res cuer reach the ladder : instead of des cending step b}- step, he twined his legs round it and slid down, sailor fashion, supporting his burden with the right and steadying himself with tho left. It was one of those feats of combined daring, coxirage, strength, and agility which always win the heart of a crowd, and he was' greeted with as hearty a cheer as if he had saved the life of their best friend, instead of one who was at ordinary times no favourite. Never theless, there were not wanting expres sions of sympathy when tho repoit went round that Mr. Hadleigh was danger ously burned, and unconscious. The young ladies and some of the female domestics had taken refuge in tho gardener's cottage, and thither Mr. Hadleigh was conveyed, whilst messen gers wore despatched for Dr. Guy and Dr. Joy. By this time tho engines from Kings - hope and Dunthorpe wore at work. The fire had raged within the house for some time before the roof fell; now it came down with a great crash, and tho melting snow aided the engings in checking the extension of tho flames to the right wing; but it was long doubtful whether or not ttmt portion could be saved. To this ob ject all efforts woro now directed, and there wore constant relays of willing hands to work the pumps. By day -light the 'blackened walls of the main build ing- remained standing, with a smoulder ing' heap inside. Thanks to the thick wall- between it and the right wing, the letter had sustained relatively little dam age. The first question asked by the county police was how had the firo arisen. No one could guess, until Coutts Hadleigh said briefly : ' I believe it was that ruffian, Caleb Korsy.' Ho stated his reasons for tho surmise, and Caleb was arrested that day on sus picion. CHAPTER LI. . HEY, TKESTO ! Coutts having seen that his father and sisters were provided with all necessary comforts, hastened to tho city. He had an appointment which could not be post poned; ho could do nothing more at Eingsford ; in town ho could arrange with some contractor to sond out a band of men to make the least injured portion of the Manor again inhabitable, nnd to clear away the debris as quickly as pos sible. The appointment was to meet Philip and Wrontham at Mr. Shield's apart ments. Contts was confident that the bill ho held was a forgery. He had no doubt Philip had been fooled into it soniohow, but that was no reason why he should be fooled out of it. Tho way Shield had received him plainly indi cated that ho would give him no place in his will ; whilst he was anxious to avoid scandal which would involve Philip. ' Woll, if the old follow won't give mo a slice of his fortune, I'll screw a plum out of it,' was Coutts's agreeable reflection. ' I have the forged bill, and unless he hands me over double the amount, I don't give it up.' That was a 'smart' stroke of business, which delighted Coutts almost as much as the prospect of gaining such a large sum of money, and or making mo 'Oia fellow' stump up in spite of himself . There was, too, in his mind a kind of moral fitness in the .transaction ; for it would bo paying out this precious undo for some of tho annoyance ho had caused his father. In addition, there was to be reckoned tho satisfaction of outwitting one of tho cutest scamps ho had come across — a fellow who had over reached ovon him — for with tho same move which was to checkmate Shield, Wrontham would be paid out to. He gavo little consideration to his brother, having no doubt that he would cscupo all right somehow. (lo ho Continued. J 