REMINISCENCES ■ Of a Threepenny-bit during a turn ins point Intho hletory of the tawnofM—:—■» ■ (oomtmcux) , 14 By-the*byr, do any of ■; yoa fellowa know what oMj of the Bo-oalled popular candi date^ actually bad tbe cheek-to say to-day ?" The query oame from tbe manwhose dic tatorial and self-opinionated manner I bad noticed before. .''What was it ?" asked aboat half-a-dozen Toioea in different beys. . : ' " Well, he had the audacity to Bay the town actually stank (which ia a lie), no one kept their yards clean, and finished off by* stating that he wouldn't exert himself. to get in, and if his friends cared to work for himhe wouldnot thanktham.1' ^ ■ " That's a garbled'version of the story if yon like;" said a * voice j jast beneath me, evidently the, proprietor of the hotel," a kindly-faoed man with a bluff, English face, and hearty manner;, ' As a matter-of-faot the ', man' never ' said half that, but this version will considerably effect, hiavotes to-morrow. At that minute tbe cheery tones of .the gentleman who had accoste&BessieVfft;&er; on the road caught my ear. He was holding, forth somewhat after this strain— .. \ . "Gentlemen;! do not want to prejudioe your minds in any one direction, nor .do I wish to "mix myiielf>up id! municipal matters >—ever a fruitful source of. discord, particu-, larly in country'towns where the chances are unusually tempting} but at the .same .time 1 wish to give you a few of myideas respecting the candidates! , Personally, I don't believe in cold water' men (cheers),; you will always-find the.-pap they live on lias softened their brains. (Hear, hear, and sensation.) There'is no manliness about them;'-snivelling .and drivelling, afraid to follow'out the Scriptural injunction to take a little wine for thy stomaoha sake. Was it not the immortal Luther who said, "Who loves not wine, woman, and song, is a fool all his days long ?" Do I err, when I agree' with that illustrious man and call them fools twice'over? What we want to represent us aremen with brains,'men who can lift the glittering glass to their lips aiid yet'know when-to stop..: I heard a belated individnal to-day saying aldermon, indeed all publio meni should possessa certain social stand ing. What rubbish one hears to be sure. -In my mind the vexed question of social standing'should never be entertained. All men are equal, and the graud work Dame Nature has given is Nature's gentleman. Among those who. to-morrow will offer their services are three who can be so styled— need I mention their names ? I.chink not— it only remains for me to add the teetotalers will bb'inade to eat their words if they are returned." This oration drew forth any amonut of oomtnont which did not interest mo. I was juat.getting ». bit, drowsy, and wondering' how long the lights would be left in and the bedlam keep on, when a voioe that was hew to me said—. , • .o V ' " I own the man has dono a little good to the plaoe from a purely selfish point ot view, but at the same time.. so /many tales are' "o'urrent of his paltry meanness, that .I don't believe He has the ghost of a show. A man wbolives in a town,, but,imports everything he and^hia 'family weaiji. and consume is hardly; likely:; to get an^jr support. Why, someone told me he actually brings his meat from the city, and not only carts it thither in' his own carpet bag, But makes a sho w , of jiis^bargain on the station. Shocking. I could not think of supporting: a man of that ■style'"-';. . The reply to this I was not destined to hear, for at that moment the barman search ing about for a bit of small change, seised hold of me, aud I was consequently conveyed into somebody's pocket with "a number of my brethren. Silenoe and darkness now encompassed ine for some time, during which interval I suppose my owner must haye been, walking to the, railway Btation, for't lie puffing of an engine and shunting of carriages fell distinctly on my ear. ." Going to B-—to-night ?" asked a Cheery voioe iwhich I;j afterwards , found be lobged to the station-master. My owner responded in the affirmative, and before long the two were engaged in a confiden tial conversation .1^ purposely pass 'over much that was said then, for the gen tlemen evidently belonged to that powerful and secret sooiety that do everything on the square and compass. Honorable motives prevent me from detailing their confidences. One thing that I may mention . without in fringing.any scruples—they seemed full of a pibnic which was to come off shortly, j "If |he brethren would only trot out their wives and daughters there will be no doubt ot the success of the thing, butone half of them keep them as strictly secluded as , the occupants of some Persian seralgio." ' -" That's just it," "returned the station master, We do our best to promote good fellowship and make a little life in the plaoe, and get a,very, poor baoking up.". "That's,the ease everywhere, I think, though (my dwner was speaking now), a few folks set the ball rollings and-outsiders are too lazy to give itso much as a kick." fo. : The train being now ready to start hasty adieu* were made: Oar, journey was not a long one, but my. owner bad.picked up with I some-old friend; and: was talking as fast as I an average woman when she has some new i scandal to relate. I " SoB . • ■ will be pretty fall this sum i mer, yon think ?" said the stranger. ' There is little doubt< of- it," we have al ready any amount of big wigs amongst, us, a couple of live lords, dashing ladies,v fto., and1 you know the average Britisher is sup posed to worship a little; I don't like to believe weAustralians are tainted/ with this: -snobbishness though, so I do not argue such 'golden; results as some do from the presence of one or two eelebrities." <' ' ".Where tbe carcase is, therei will the «agles be gathered together^V marmured the hew Voice sagaciously; wWeapon they both lliii'gfied, and'.my owner,'1vhom-1: shall cull C , struck out with— . «• Oh, by-the-bye, I heard rather an am.usjng tit-bib about one of our. visitors the other'day. It appears be belonged to that great and highly respected class whom ordi nary folk mention with deference and rever-" ence—iu otlier words he pohsessed a hand Id to his name. It appears his lordship, who is devilish proud and beggarly poor, walked iuto some shop to get a half crown changed, or some1 such eoia The good woman serv ing his lordship happened to be out of obange. His lordship was a bit iueeused at not being able to execute his smalj com mission, and asked the good woman to. go out and bee if her neighbours could oblige bitn. I don't" miud telling you tbat you will be doing a aervioe for Sir F—— H , my good woman," said he in a patronising manner. " I bad intended to preserve my ineognito while in B—-, for I knew very Well tbe minute it was puolicly known I had arrived, so many would flook to the place, that the provisions, accommodation; • Ao., would become exorbitant. I trust you will not mention the fact I have disclosed," he added. " And what did tbe woman aay ?" asked the listener, laughing heartily. Why, soaudalised his lordship with bursting out laughiug iiji hit) face," chuckled • 0 ■■ » ■ . , (to be continued.) 