NORTH-EASTERN PROVINCE ELECTION. Again—the third time—we are to have another election for a representive of the North-Eastern Province ; the popular member of the district, Mr J. S. But ters, having been unseated on Wednes day last by the election and qualification committc of the Legislative Council on the petition of J. II Knipe. The grounds of the petition being that the property Mr Butters mentioned in his nomination had not he held by him for It! months prior to his nomintaion ; the committee considered the objections fatal and de clared the election void, which will neces sitate another election. The point upon which the election has been upset on is purely technical, as it was proven that Mr Butters held suffieeut property outside that mentioned,’to qualify him to lake the seat, but the law says it must be stated when nominating. Mr Butters else where announces that he will again con test the seat, and in the event of his being opposed, it is to bo hoped that tho electors of the Rutherglen and Chiltorn division, will again give him an almost unanimous vote to assist in securing his return. During the time that Mr But ters has represented the province he has been a thorough worker, and very atten tive to communications, and it will be a great loss to the province if we should loose the services of such a man—who is a man among a thousand—on such a narrow point. In fact for the energy that he has alendy shown he should be allowod to agnin take his seat without opposition. The Viticultural College. — Tho Viti cultural Board are now tnking definate Bteps in regard to the college. Tenders are now invited for the fencing of 200 *pres, and the trenching and levelling of ?0 wrw, ' • IIoM Over.—In consequence of flic large amount of space occupied 1>V Hie Borough and Shire official notices, wo have been compelled to hold over part of our Border notes, a report of the Ituther glen v Co row a football match, which re sell ed in a victory for Rutherglen l\v !! goals to 2 ; also Chiltorn correspondence. B porhaman Coursing Olub.—A well attended meeting of members of ilm above club was hold at the Boorbaman Motel on Tuesday evening, Mr Wm. Thompson occupying the chair. It was stated that il, was the wish of members to organ iso a coursin ; match, as there are a number of plugs (i vncil by farmers in the districts. The chairman stated I hat lie would pre sent a silver cup valued at throe guineas, for which generous offer lie received the hearty thanks of the. meeting. It. was resolved that Mr 12. Flynn be appointed canvasser, and that Mr McCarthy be asked for the tt=e of his paddocks. After a vote or lhanks to the chairman, the meeting ndjnnrncil till 27th inst. . A Bolt.—On Sal unlay morning last while Mr Henderson was loading his cart with ment. Ih" horse got restless and boiled out of the yard coming in contact with a post nt the corner of Mr Booth's wine collar, brooking one shaft of the cart and harness. Death of an Old Favorite Bony. — On Monday last n well-known pony', which has done good services for the people of the district, by taking the engineer over the roads of the shire, while on his journeys of inspection, gave up the “ ghost.” Wo refer to the groy, which formorally belon ged to Mr Young, and hns been known ns “ Tnium'/" for upwards of 20 years in Rutherglen. Gutter Stenches.—At the council meot on Monday evening a complaint wns made in regard in the stenches arising from the p dinted matter allowed to run into the main channels. Under the now by laws householders are supposed to make away with all polluted matter in such a manner ns not to he offensive to other re sidents, or allow themselves to bo liable for the penalties of tho by-laws, which are nor very gentle. A Murderer*’ Confession. — Tho my stery surrounding tho murder of the woman Thornton in a lane off Drummond-strcet, Cnrlton, was on Sunday cleared up, on the arrest of a young man named Phillip Costello, a cook aged 20 years, employed at a Melbourne restaurant, who confessed that he had a quarrel with the deceased that she struck him and he cut her throat with a knife, which the police found in his room and seized. Prisoner is a native of Manilla. Rutherglen Polieo Court.— At (hi r court on Tuesday, before Messrs J. Poarco and J. T. Herrin, J’s.P., the fol lowing cusps wore considered :— D. G. Hamilton v T. Curtin, claim £2 odd. goods sold, order for amount with costs. Police v J. Wilkins and J. McCarthy, Bonrhamnn, disputed ownership of horse in possession of police. Senior-constable Strnban deposed that about 12 months ago McCarthy took out a warrant for a man named Wilson for stealing horse, saddle and bridle from him, which wns found in the possession of Mr Wilkins, who produced receipts from one Tlinmaa for the purchase of same and witnessed by Mr Owen, of Mt. Pleasant. IIo be lieved that Thomas and Wilson wore the same man, but up to the present tho police had not arrested him. McCarthy swore to the brand on the horse and saddle, and their worships having adjourned and in spected the horse. The clerk stated that the law ou such cases wns that unless tho horse was purchased in open market and advertised, the purchaser had no claim to it. The bench ordeied the restoration of the horse to McCarthy, who was ordered not to dispose of same, so that the horse could be produced in event of Wilson being arrested. Tho revision court was then held, for'the Legislative Assembly, and the list as submitted by Mr Young, electoral registrar, was adopted, and tho court adjourned. . Springlmrst.—Quite a gloom wns east over our little township on Monday even ing 22nd inst, when it beenmo known that Mrs Slnvcn had succumbed to n succession of fits that attacked her on the previous evening. The deceased lady was wife of Mr Jeremiah Slaven, who has been gnnger of the Springs section of the North Eastern Railway ever since its construction and tho deep sympthy and respect, in which he nnd his family are held wns evinced by the large procession of friends from all parts of tho district who followed the remains of his much loved wifo to their last resting plne.c in the now camelry Chiltern on Wednesday last. A Painful Accident.—On Monday while Mr Gilliland wns returning from the Great Nothern claim with nlondof empty iron trucks and lending a horse with a rope at tho back of tho dray.. When nenring Mount Pleasant the horse that lie wns lending suddenly stopped, bringing his hand which held the rope into contact with the corner of one of the trucks seving the thumb of the right hand completely off nnd bringing one of the sinows with it from as far up his arm ns the elbow, In tho absence of medical skill, Mr Gilliland had his hand dressed by Mr Ready nnd is now progressing favorably. Fire.—A small fire occurred late on Saturday or early on Sunday morning nt the residence of Mr James Prentico’s vigneron, of Emu Plains. One of Mr Prentices sons who wns sleeping in one of the bedrooms wns awoke by the smoll of fire and by particles of fire falling from the ceiling upon him, and found that the linings, partitions nnd celling of the room were all in a blaze. Fortunately tho fire wns got under and confined to tho bedroom, but not before serious damage wns done to the bedding nnd furniture nnd to a portion of tho building where the fire originated. Putting on the Screw.—From tho nn turo of a letter received by tho borough council on Mondny evening it appears that the Government tnenns to put on tho screw in reference to tho wator debt. The matter of this overdue intorest, has now cnino to a point that councillors will have to seriously consider it. The Acting-Secretary for Mines.— Mr Howitt visitod Rutherglon, in com pany with Mr Arrowsmith, on Saturday last ; hut, the purport of his visit wns not made known. They also visited several of the auriferous leads. Lnnd Board.—Tho list of applications to be considered ot the local laud board Augujit'Jit, appear? inJ»»otlier cpluaw 