PARISIAN ECHOES. 15th June. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) The Exhibition is bound by law to close on 31st ctober; another law may prolong it, as in 1878, ill the 10th November. Much will depend on the weather. There are no less_ than 51 congresses which are to hold their sessions during the next four months; every day has its work blockedi out. Imagine a mortal having to graduate iu all that purgatory in the pursuit of knowledge. Ouly think' of the* heart-breakings, the envy, hatred, malice, and all uncharitable ness to obtain some post at these gatherings, more or less of “ faddists;” the end is not ouly to appear in print, but to equeeze a decoration of the- Legion of Honor out of the French Government, which in this re spect is not so squeezeable as formerly. There is an English exhibitor iu the alimen tary section • who inteuds to combat the homoeopathy applied to refreshments; in stead of giving a doll’s cup of tea, and the ghost of a.slice of bread aud butter, for 15 sons, he will supply "a snoaring cup of tea,” with an aldermanic slice of. plum-cake (that he bakes himself) or plateful of bread and butter, for half a franc, aud he hopes to make two sous profit on the transaction. The Bishop of Marseilles has excommuui cated the Eiffel Towei and the luminous fountains,' as sensual, and prohibits all the clergy of his diocese from going to view them. This is the only instance of the church attacking the Kermesse. It would be unjust to view this denunciation as a reply to Olehienceau’s hustings’ cry of sapariition of Church from State, or the dis pute between the Senate aud Chamber, respecting' the theological students being iucluded as conscripts. The worthy bishop perhaps does not like to see the natiou abandoning itself to a .decennial ' merry - makiug. If he had warned them against, the bull fights,, where the bulls are as harmless as cooing doves; or agaiust Buffalo Bill’s wild. west enterprise; but aguinst the Ex hibition, why Bismarck has conceded it three days of grace. The International Theatre will soon be ready to receive the public; unless it can manage to have dinners served to the spectators—like Baffalo Bill—with the Bohemian gipsy music, the most wouder ful selections from the legitimate drama will not draw, at least till the. close .of.July, when the first sensations may be expected to be felt for a change. It is useless disguising the fact, but un easiness does exist withiu the last few days on the maintenance of' European peace. There is an apparent extra attention given to war preparations. At least the impression of want of confidence is in the air—proof that the Eiffel Tower aud the colored foun tains were weak reeds on which to lean for tranquility. The attitude of Germany towards Switzerland is disquieting. There is uo room in the world, as the Chancellor has repeatedly said, for small realms, and . Switzerland could be so easily divided between the triple alliancists. General Boulanger’s explanation respect ing: his quietly equipping 900,000 French militia on a- secret decree obtained from M. Grevy, iu accordance with the' exceptional powers vested in both fuiic-' tiouaries when Miuister of War and Presi dent of the Republic, will make many start.' All was done so quietly. However, the master skull-crackers have laid down that the comingi wars will be characterised by their suddenness aud completeness. ' The elections may be said to have com menced in the sense that local caucuses are selecting their candidates, aud that the re ligious question, that is, the suppression of church endowments, will enter largely into the Btrife. There will be uo clear issue raised, equivo will, as heretofore, .resigu, aud will by symbolised under the cry of “revision of the constitution.” The truce in honor of ! the Exhibition is less talked about. People have resolved to enjoy the Big Paris .Show, no matter how political winds blow. They agree with Shakspeare— “ We have Exhibition to examiue.” For those who’desire to see themselves—in print—and not as others see them, anew journal is to appear in- a few days, where any person will be provided with space,for his lucubrations, illustrations, and photos, at so much the square inch. Every dealer can now write his biography aud interview himself. . The Government is coming to the aid, in a dabbling way, of the Panama enterprise. There are a number of unissued shares that canuot be • negotiated save en bloc. - The Government will Submit a bill empowering the liquidator of the company to negotiate a certain number of the -paralysed shares ai the best figure he "can. The proceeds cau uot be seized by creditors, but must be ap plied to making a technical report on the canal aud its possible completion. The French seem to’ forget that outside France opinion is made that the enterprise is as dead as a three-year-old box of sprats. M. Henry George does not appear to have made many converts to his socialistic views. The French peasaut, with a rood of lauded property—his own—seems disinclined to share it with 1 the farm laborer; but people who own land aud decline to cultivate it ought to be handled differently. 