REVIEWS. THE HOUSE AND ITS BUILDER, (11 This unpretentious little volume, containing ton sermons "we hope our readers, have learned by this time that the term sometimes covers. the freshest and most valuable thinking), is worthy of the ex-editor of the Evposilor, and author of " Salvator Mundi." The title, following a not very happy custom, is taken from the initial discourse ; but in this case it happens' to be altogether appropriate, as that is but introductory to those that follow, . all our ¡ most of which are developments of the 'main theme. In his preface the author explains that these sermons are the last that he has preached, and are at the same time " addressed to those who have been infected by the doubts which are in the very air of the time, doubts which, every thoughtful mind is sooner or later compelled to face." It was to be expected from one of Dr. Cox's school, that in the same connection he should refer to certain hard and narrow dogmas," as driving, the said thoughtful mind to scepticism, as an-, doubtedly they have in many cases done. But he curiously overlooks the fact that these very dogmas have been held by thoughtful minds, that the solutions for doubt afterwards pro- pounded by him have already been suggested by those who have held them, and that in fact, as could easily be shown, these, solutions find their surest foundation in the very dogmas which by implication he conda areas.. For example, one most notable and impressive feature of Dr. Cox's teaching in these sermons is the limits of the human understanding in dealing with the moral constitution' of things. He honours reason indeed ; he says that his has been eminently a ministry of reason ; but all the more on that account he claims the right to point out, and does most effectively point out, that no application of reason can grasp the circumstances or work out the problem with which the supreme intelligence must have had to deal. This position he re- peats almost to weariness, and illustrates with a rare wealth of authority, mainly of a poetical kind. Thus Browning, his favourite poet Man with the narrow mind, must cram inside His finite God's infinitude-oaith's vault Bio bids comprise the heavenly far and wide, Since man may claim a right to understand What passes understanding. , And Sir Walter Scott, writing in reference to Byron's " Cain," " The great key to the mystery is, perhaps, the imperfection of our own faculties." The author argues that science itself acknowledges the limitations of her knowledge, and that her solutions of her main problems are but guesses and he asks, Why then should witless man so much misweene That nothing is but that which he his seen ? But all this, which every thoughtful man no- sense, in postulated as the basis of the system which Dr. Cox describes as " hard and nar- row;" and the reaction against that system has for the most part been marked' by a loud assumption of having sound,' and found mainly in human nature, the key to the full understanding of the Deity and His government. We recognise in this book from Dr. Cox another significant symptom that a sounder philosophy than that which has marked many recent popular selections is likely to dominate the religious thought of the future. But we must, with all possible brevity, give our readers some concep- tion of the line of touching, or doubt-solution, hore adopted by Dr. Cox. In his first sermon he deals with the fundamental principle that "every house is builded by someone ;" and op i posing the atheistic and materialistic views of creation, he shows that as a working hypothesis the first must be preferred by every scientific mind. How, then, about the objections that Btfirfc upon every hand to the government of God ? Browning has said that God is all-wise, all-powerful, all-good ; All-wise, and knoweth therefore what is best ; All-good, and whilst therefore what is best; AH-powerfut-eau do therefore what is best ; And if he him, why, must. But do the facts bear out this reasoning ? " The gravest difficulty we have in accepting the theistic or Christian hypothesis is the difficulty we find in reconciling the pain and misery of the world and of human life with the absolute goodness and power of God." It is the old problem, to begin with; of the origin of evil ; of which problem, in Sermon ii., Dr. Cox gives the old tentative solution-that moral evil is at least an inevitable risk perhaps an inevitable accident in the creation of moral beings. Beings who were free to think truly must have been free to think untruly ; " if free to obey, they must have been free to disobey." But the problem is further the ramification of this evil from man downwards and outwards through creation. Dealing with this point. Dr. Cox tells how, within a few weeks, he had received from three different sources, requests for help in reconciling this with the goodness and supremacy of God" One querist, " a burned and erudite author,"' had illustrated his meaning by adducing certain cruel and loathsome practices of the animal world for example, those of apes, dogs, frogs, the barbarity of the cat to the mouse, the thefts of the eagle from the fish-hawk, the rupture of nests by stronger birds who turn out their original tenants to die of cold and slow starvation, the enslaving of the black ants by the red, and sundry other habits which' shock our sense of justice or of decency and he in- geniously summed up the effect of these instances of barbarity and licentiousness on his mind by saying that he felt as if, on gaining access to the mansion of a reputedly good man, he had discovered room after room filled with obscene pictures and instruments of torture." For the solution of this oppressive and omni- present problem, after further words of warn- ing touching the limits of reason, Dr. Cox takes his hearers first to certain words of St. Paul fRom. xiii., 20, 21) and secondly, and subordinated, to the world's greatest thinkers. St. Paul's statement, as paraphrased by our author, is that by, or for man's Bay, the whole creation was reduced, against its will into that bondage to importation and corrup- tion in which we find it that in this bondage it labours and groans, longing for deliverance, struggling up toward a freedom and a perfec- tion which it never quite attains ; but that it solaces itself under the miseries of its bondage by cherishing an indomitable hope of rising into the freedom and perfection for which it years, when the redemption of man from his bondage shall be complete." In other words the advent of moral evil had physical consequences and those evils were intended by God to be at once a punishment and a correction of moral evil, until man returned to the obedience, and through that to the dominion, which he had lost. This statement the preacher shows to be reconcilable with evolution rightly understood. And in connection with it he quotes certain speculations of Emerson's, apparently altogether independent of St. Paul's teaching, but which in effect come to the same conclusion.' The remaining sermons of the volume are an elaboration of the solution thus indicated, and are founded mainly on the far reaching utterances of the great apostle in connection with the statement already quoted. t The sermons on "The groans of nature," I " The groans of humanity," and " The groans of the spirit," form a trilogy of luoidexposition and noble and helpful thinking, and should be studied by every man whose mind is sufficiently I alive and disengaged to feel the pressure of the world's mystery of sin and sorrow. Apart from the paramount importance of the questions handled in these sermons, they are endowed with a wealth of illustration and a sympathy with human needs which render them most acceptable to the ordinary reader. And the intensity of purpose they display, if nothing more, might with advantage be imitated by our clergymen. GIFTS FOR MINISTRY. (2) 1 of We do not know why the title of this booklet should specially inform us of a man so well known as Canon Westcott that he is examining chaplain to the Archbishop of Canterbury," unless it be that it is in this capacity that he appears in the author of these addresses. Of the learned Canon's qualifica- tions to examine we have not the slightest (t) The House audits Builder, with other discourses, A book for the doubtful. . Mr Samuel Cox, Ü.D. London andSIelbjiiioc, '£. Fisher May 19. (2) 4' Gifts for Ministry." Address to candidates for ordination. liv Brooke FOR Wescott, examining chaplain to the Archbishop of Canterbury. Cambridge HH't London : Miu'.-aiiUu unU Co. brisbane: water, lOrKUnon, and Co. doubt ; ' but we always were dubious, and are I Borne what more so after reading these addresses, of his qualifications to exhort. Naturally the brilliance of the Canon is icily cold; and in' those exhortations he has handicapped himself by his choice of subject, which is taken from the prayer book, and is church to the backbone. He is obliged to remind his hearers of the party strife and fanaticism" which has gathered round the words (the reference is to the doctrine of bag dismal regeneration), and to caution them that they are not for controversy, but for rise. Yet, however admirable for liturgical purposes, the words do not readily lend themselves to the use to which the Canon puts them. One feels throughout that he is more or less arbitrary in their interpretation, and that he would have exhorted to better purpose had he thrown himself loose from their trammels. If any one compares the last of the six addresses-that on the necessity of progress-in which the speaker takes a separate topic and treats it freely, with the five preceding, he will see how much has been lost by the method adopted. That, notwithstanding these defects, the addresses are printed, OB the pre- fatory note informs us, at the request of those who heard them, is only another proof of the commanding eminence of the author. It goes without saying that if any pious cleric, or lay- man either, sits down to the perusal of these addresses he will find abundant matter of spiritual stimulus. The following passage taken from the closing address we commend to general perusal :-" It is indeed no paradox to say that we may measure our spiritual progress by the keenness of our self-distrust and self | dissatisfaction. Such feelings are a witness to the ideal towards which we are striving, and a confession of personal weakness which is the condition of strength. To be confident and satisfied is indeed to be dead. The man who | limits his aim by his own power will fall far short of his destiny. And the man who regards 'hissuooess complacently condemns himself to istationatinesa. Both alike sat aside St. Paul's , command that we abound more and more." THE LIGHT THAT LIGHTETH EVERY MAN. (3) . Greater interest attaches to this volume from the circumstance that its author was a clergyman of the Anglican Church in Australia, to which indeed (only without the distinctive epithet, a piece of assumption for which he is not responsible the book is dedicated. For the publication, like many of its kind, is poBthumous, and of the nature of a memorial. It is, therefore, appropriately preceded by an introduction in which some account is given of its author. Dr. 'Plumptre introduces Mr. Russell to us as belonging to the " loss of men who come to the end of their pilgrimage without any very adequate recognition." They have high gifts and noble character, but in" the world knows little of them, and its prizes of wealth and popularity are won by men of inferior ability, not seldom by men of far inferior character," The son of a Scottish Presbyterian manse (like many who have risen to higher fame), he was attracted to the Church of England (to use his own phrases) by water reading and thought." He speedily found, however, that he had come to a church where " wide reading and thought would do little for him apart from some big name, and it was only Lord Glenelg's recommendation that secured him orders. Early in clerical life he came under the influence of Maurice, and gained some reputation by defeating that Master (sic) on his expulsion for doctrinal reasons from his professorships in King's College, London. Four years after ordination (1854) he was invited by Bishop Short, of Adelaide, then in England, to accompany him to his diocese, where he was best known as rector of St. John's and St. Paul's Churches in that city. He was out off prematurely by an accident in 1865 ; but not: before he had made his mark, and won an affection whose generality was the more notable from the uniqueness of his position. Distrusted by Evangeliaals on account of his liturgical pro- pensities, and by Ritualists from his rejection of apostolical succession and the eucharistic presence, his nobleness of character made entrance for itself into the common heart. His sermons, though not those of v a genius, and sadly enfeebled by the modern demand for brevity, which threatens especially in the Church of England to destroy the sermon altogether, and yet distinguished by the somewhat rare combination of vigour of thought and beauty of expression. Mr. Russell was, in fact, both a thinker and a poet, who under happier auspices, might have blossomed and fruited in either direction. We cannot help thinking that ecclesiasticism, to which nevertheless the very titles of his sermons show that he had yielded himself, sat heavily on the preacher's nature. The sermons are all worth reading ; but we note specially those of the Mystery of Sin and Evil (vii., viii.), on Christ's Temptation (ix., xl, on Peace and War (xx.), and the cry of the Sisters of Bethany (xxvii). From these ser- mons-putting aside longer passages marked we shall confine ourselves to two short pithy statements. First speaking of the problem of evil, and of certain out and dry methods of attempting its solution, the writer asks : "But if you could believe that it was not foreseen, what becomes of the omniscience of God ? If you believe that it could not be prevented, what becomes of His omnipotence? And if you could believe that God himself is the author of evil, what becomes of His good- ness P But we who read the Bible with a free and reverent mind are not shut up to any one of these conclusions." On the question of peace and war, he lays down this all important caution : " Nothing can be more deadly in its influence on, national character than any faltering between principles and expediency. ... It is incumbent on us to make up our minds dearly about what we do think on this question, not to have one set of sentiments for the times when we pray, and another for those times when we are called to action ; not to be double-dealing even with ourselves, BO falling into hideous practical hypocrisy." Instead of lengthening those quotations we offer a specimen of Mr. Russell's poetic gifts. Our author published two volumes of poems, " The Seeker," and " Voices of Doubt." From the first Dr". Plumptre gives the following, in which Mr. Russell deals with the present rela- tion to him of certain dear ones who have passed away : ' Was it but dreaming when there came Pino thought that was not there before, And some lov'd presence serviette shame My sin, and bade my spirit soar ? At least I know a perfect sight They now have gained, and cars to hear would have no share in their delight ; And to my thought they reappear. Not in their former mortal grace Do they their coming now reveal The glory that is on their face Is such, we cannot choose but kneel But not to them : it is not theirs. ' They lead us but to His dear feet, Who stands above the sapphire stairs, And waits nia absent ones to erect." SIX GIRLS. (I With this not over-prepossessing title (if it be not ungallant to say it), and with a number some amount of padding, the' authoress yet manages to tell a fairly interesting and withal instructive story of home life. The scene is laid in America, and the authoress also is American, as we judge from methods of expression and of spelling which somehow do not catch on outside of Yaukeelaud. The separation of the contraction " n't " (not) from the word of which in pronunciation it forms a part, such , spelling as " gaieties," and traveler," and such verbs as "roomed," do not strike us as improvements on the English language; though the London publisher must have thought them worth preserving. The beauty of the story lies in the portrayal of the six different types of feminine character in the one family, types which, more or less undesirable and even offensive in prosperity, blossom out into loveliness and utility in adverse circumstances. Of plot there is not much ; but we have a rich old uncle, crusty without but warm-hearted within, who corn to) " The Light that lUrhteth every Man ;" Sermons by Alexander Russell, JJ)., Ute Hymn of Adelaide, With introduction by Dr Pluraptre.nf Wales. London Macmillan and Co. Bronalie : Wutron, >'eitru&on; S. Co, II)" Six Girls ; a Home Story." By Fannie Believing iUiutnttedbr IM'. Ararat reader and Mulwaree, T. Fisher Unwin. pensates for the neglect of earlier years by his kindness to the family in distress and we discover also that one of the six girls is an alien by, birth, and her story after the discovery is the one touching element of romance in the book. As might be expected from the subject most of the six girls" find eligible hus- bands before the book is closed ; but not before they have vindicated their ability and resolution in self-seeking and maintenance. On the whole, a wholesome, helpful story for the many households in which there are six girls, more or fewer to be guided and settled in life. The get up of both these books (that of Dr. Cox and -this) is creditable to the publisher, though the amount volume is not so convenient for the young people. SOME RECENT NOVELS "Joyce." By Mrs. Oliphant work by this talented writer is always welcome. It is certain to contain well-drawn characters effectively grouped and although the particularly story may not be very interesting or have much movement, it will be artistically told in good English. In the present work, Mrs. Oliphant displays all her well known qualities as a writer. "Joyce" may be described as a study of the effect on innate qualities of circumstances and training at variance with such inherited feelings and in streets. Thus, Joyce is the daughter of a Colonel Hayward, but, owing to a rash, wayward act on the part of her mother, she has been brought up from the day of her birth in a Scotch village by a cutter and his wife. Joyce has inherited many of the feelings of the class to which her parents belong, and unfortunately she has also inherited something of her mother's impatience and wild restlessness under sorrow and suffering. On this groundwork the peasant train- ing and peasant home Work nothing but good and the combined effect is cleverly worked out in the pleasing sketch of Joyce in the opening of the story. When discovered by her father Joyce holds the position of village schoolmistress, and is full of intellectual pride on her superiority in knowledge to her surroundings. She has become engaged to a neighbouring schoolmaster, whom she instinctively feels is vulgar and unrefined ; but then he is the only person with whom she can discuss her favourite subjects nature and literature. This same Andrew Halliday is delightful in his pedantry, vulgarity, and superb self-confidence. The latter is a grand quality as an element in success, and has been the ; making of Andrew's countrymen; but when reading some of this "dominic's" remarks, one is seized with a great longing to 1 violently assault the speaker, though he be but a mental creation. Joyce is taken by her father to his English home. Here everything is so strange and uncongenial to her that she feels like a caged bird. Her father's second wife does not understand and cannot sympathise with her. This Mrs. Hayward's character is a good illustration of the extent to which a sole object of affection narrows the sympathies. She is represented as a good woman, with the best possible intentions, yet she and her stepdaughter almost unconsciously assume hostile attitudes. However, in this new home Joyce learn what love really means. The irrepressible Andrew Halliday makes a special journey to London, to call on his betrothed, and the description of the interview in the presence of the old colonel is, perhaps, the best thing in the book. Finally, Joyce, through a mistaken idea of her duty, and urged by the inherited rashness that ruined her mother's life, makes a useless sacrifice of her happiness to the benefit of no one and to the misery of all. The old woman Janet is lovingly drawn and shows Mrs. Oliphant's keen insight into Scotch character, and sympathy with the class she describes in the person of Janet. The book is fall of good work and pleasant reading ; but those whose tastes require exciting plot and incidents had betterjseok.elsewhere for gratifica- tion. The Losses of Lever house, by Jessie 'Fothergill. A fresh breezy story ' this of home life on the Lancashire moors told in the first person by Betty Howarth, one of the lasses. It is a pleasant account of a household of girls and boys, all as unruly and delightful-in a book as animal spirits can make them. The most prominent among the lasses is the eldest, Albion, who is beautiful, clover, and as objectionable as a people seldom are out of novels. She on joys the distinction of refusing the only three eligible men mentioned in the story. One of them recovers sufficiently to marry Betty, but a little mystery is made of her reason for refusing him, and what he had done to earn her scorn and dislike. The reason ultimately given is that he asked her to marry him, and as he was rich and she was poor this was a piece of impertinence which she could not forgive. If we feel astonished at this young woman's peculiar views, we can find comfort in the thought that we are not likely to meet any girl with similar opinions. Alizon finally marries one of her rejected suitors, after she has been duly chastened by a flash of lightning, which deprives her of sight. There is a capital sketch of a clever lad, who is under the delusion that he is a great genius. He consequently acts with the folly that could only be forgiven to genius. The hero of the story is all that a hero ought to be. He is handsome, good, wealthy, and wise, and extremely long suffering. One of the cleverest things he does, and one of the most marvellous related in the book, notwithstanding the flash of lightning, is the way in which he managed to make love, E repose to, and embrace Betty, without waking her brother Johnny, whose curly head reposed in slumber on his shoulder. " God's Providence House," by Mrs. G. L. Banks. This is a new edition of a work already favourably known. It is full of exciting incidents, , containing a ghost, a band of smugglers, highway robberies, murders and attempted murders, abductions, executions, and many other stirring events. All these are strung on an interesting love story, full of the proverbial ups and downs that afflict all true overs in novels. Mrs. Banks displays an intimate knowledge of the social life of the time, 1701, of which she writes. Perhaps this is forced on the reader rather unnecessarily at times. For Mrs. Banks has not the art possessed in such a high degree by Mr. Besant, of taking the reader away from the present into the past We are always being reminded that these poor people about whom we are reading were ignorant of the great discoveries of the present century. Would it occur to anyone in reading Dorothy Foster" or "For Faith and Freedom " that lucifer matches were as yet an unknown been or that railways and telegraphy yet " slept in the womb of Time of In other words, the reader does not become so steeped in the surroundings or setting of the story as to read it sympathetically, but retains a nineteenth-century attitude of criticism which is not conducive to appreciation. Were this otherwise the reader would not, _ perhaps, feel as if his understanding were insulted by the language used to describe the love of a boy and girl. The girl is sixteen, and at school, when she sees and loves the hero, who is also at school. Yet, two years afterwards, without any declara- tion or communication in the interval, they each talk of the love and fidelity with which they mutually feel they are regarded. But this is a trifling difficulty, and the reader will find no lack of interest and amusement in the story. The chief villain, though there are several with good claims to the premier position, is painted very black indeed ; but he is rather too elaborate a villain, and we cannot feel that he is a bit real. This cannot be said of the yeoman-squire, whose parental sternness causes all the lovers' WOOL Most of the secondary characters are good, especially the superstitious, faithful Peggy. Mrs. Banks gives a very good picture of the relations existing E between master and servant before the advent of machinery dissolved all ties between man and man save those based on contract. "The Now Judgment of Paris," by Philip Lafargne.-This is a clever book, but with more apparent than real depth. The dialogue, of which there is a good deal, is occasionally forced ; it is too sparkling to be natural. Good things are indeed often struck out in conversation, but we never meet with people who can utter in one conversation enough recondite and appropriate remarks to fill pages. The characters are well described types, but they 1 Some IWent Nor do : Jfacinillsn's Indian and Colonial Stores. Brisbane : 'Waiaan. Fergurson. and fin have no individuality, and remarks are occa- sionally put in their mouths which do not fit in with their supposed tendencies" and pro« activities. There is a great deal of transcendent- ' Ballarat, of which the artist Trevor is made the mouthpiece. The antidote is supplied in the person of John Sumner, who typifies the modern clear-sighted, hard headed, unemotional product of science. Between these two, and a third type, Eric Armstrong, a genial spendthrift, the choice is made which gives the book its name. Ida Bannatyne, who plays the part of Paris, is a worldly young woman with a keen eye to the main chance. Her judgment is unbiased by love," and falls on Trevor, chiefly, it would seem, from, the prospect of gaining thereby a luxurious and cultured home. But when this appears likely to prove otherwise she transfers her choice to Armstrong, who has meantime come in for a baronetcy and a good income. So it is difficult to see where the analogy with the classic myth comes is. The conclusion to be drawn from the whole story seems to be that the lot of Paris would be equally wretched whatever his choice, and that being such as he is, he cannot choose otherwise than he does. As Ida Bannatyne remarks : We weary alike of rest and unrest, of having and of craving." 