THE MAN "WITH THE BROKEN ARM. A GHOST STORY. The following story by the Hon. Stephen Coleridge appears in a late number of The 1 Font art's World : — "Thought I. as the wind wailed without and the clock kept up its pitiless repitition, truly it is a fearful night for a man to die in, and the deaths of men aro as different as their lives. I was startled from my thoughts by some one ringing an imperous summons at my door. There was a lull iu the storm when I opened it. A man was there under tho portico, who at oueo addressed me : ' Are you a surgeon ?' I roplied that I was ; he stepped in, and I closed the door after liim, and led liim into the library. I I wish you,' he said, throwing off his looso cloak with ono hand, 'to doctor my arm.' 'I now saw that his loft arm had nothing upon it but the shirt sleeve, and hung at his side, obviously broken; the rest of Ms person was dressed in sombre garments indistinguishable from the books against wMch he stood, and in the dim light only a white arm, and, if pos sible, wliitor face were visible. I took the lamp aud brought it to the string-course of the book case close to him, and rolling up the sleeve found the arm broken a few inches above the wrist. After a careful examination I explained that it laid better bo set at once, to which he merely replied, 'Yery good,' and for half an hour nothing was said on either side as I went at my task with professional promptitude. "When all was completed, tho arm fixed immovable, and the cloak thrown over him once more, he passed into tlie hall, I opened the door and said, ' It will require looking at,' referring to his arm ; 'when will you come again?' 'I will come again,' lie replied, ' when our friend is buried.' What friend?' I gasped. The light over my door illumined the immovable white features : the lips never stirred, but the eye3 looked at me and said, ' He whom you had left when I came.' ' Iii the name of God,' said I, 'who and what are you?' Tho stranger made no answer, but, throwing his cloak over liis mouth, strode away into the darkness ! . . . "When I reached the house I found that death had been there before me ; my friend had breathed his last about half an hour after I had left him. I asked whether he had been conscious at all before the end, and those about Mm replied that he had talked with emphasis about some matter they could not understand, and that he had frequently men tioned some gauntlet about wMch, as far as tliey could comprehend, He seemed in great dis tress. This I attributed at the time to delirium," and after a last sad look at the peaceful face I returned home sorrowful. On the last day of the year the gloomy procession of hearse and car- — i ' riages started from my friend's house to the cemetery. Cliill and cold seemed the chapel as WO rose to follow the coffin to the grave, while the white hare walls echoed again to the horrid tramp and scuffle of" those who heut under their ghastly burden. As we passed out a figure stepped from tho side of the j>orlico and joined the slow procession ; in an instant I recognised the stranger whoso arm I had set ; he bowed gravely to me, and I returned his salutation. When we reached tho grave he took up a position opposite to myself, and I had leisure to observe, in spite of the ample cloak lie wore, that he . carried a parcel of some size iu his right hand. When all was over, one by ono the others departed till the stranger and myself were left gazing down ill silence Upon tho coffin. He came slowly round and stood fry my side, "but as I remained motionless and silent, he at last addressed ir e. 'I wish, ' lie said ' to accompany you to your house ; have you your carnage ?' I replied that it was waiting for me at the chapel, and we moved away together in that direction. It was dusk when we reached the carriage and got ill. . . At my hoUSO door I would have bid him begone iu God's name, but that a nameless fear of him prevented me. Coldly I invited him to enter, and we pasEed together into the house. In the library, at Ms request, I examined lus arm and did what was necessary to it. When I had finished this task I asked him as politely as I could whether he had any further business with me, to which he replied that he would ask this single favour of me, that inasmuch as he was leaving the country that night, it would be a kindness to liim were I to take charge of a certain parcel, wMch perhaps I had soen he carried, until his return. I replied that I should have no objection ; and, saying he had left it in the hall, he went out. "While he was gone I turned with my back to tho room, and stirred up the fire. The noise I made in doing tMs prevented my hearing his footsteps as he returned. I was stooping over the fire with my back to him, when I heard his voico behind me say. ' Here it is ; it is a gauntlet, for wMch I shall come to you again.' TMs montion of a gauntlet brought some unformed recollection into my mind as I turned round to tako it. WhenT faced liim I saw a sight to freeze the blood ! The man was holding out towards mo the parcel he had carried at tho gravo-sidc, hut — with his broken arm ! I put out my hand in dumb horror to take it. I felt a sudden immense weight that my one hand could not support, and tho bundle fell upon the floor be tween us with a crash. I glanced down at it for a bare moment, looked up, and found myself alone ! I staggered round, caught 6ight of my features livid in the mirror over the fire, and know no more till hours later my servants found me stretched at full length upon the hearthrug, slowly recovering from a dcop trance. Before doing anything else, I sent everyone away, and examined the bundle that still lay upon the floor of my room. It proved to contain, as he had said, an iron gauntlot, but one of such enormous proportions that it was impossible to conceive a human hand gigantic enough to" wear it. I remember that there was an unused cupboard in tho wall behind tho head of .my own bed upstairs, where it might lie for over in porfoct safety, I ascended to my bed room, pulled out the bed, locked the great gauntlet into tbo cupboard, and put tho key on to my bunch. Timo went on, and seasons passed away, till what I have recorded was fading from my memory, when on the same day of the year, seven years later, after a terrible day's work at tho bedsidc of suffering, I reached my house after midnight, spent and weary. I gave the con oilman instructions for tho morning, and then, as ho drove away, turned to open the door. Upon the steps, "the light over the door falling uxion his ashy features, stood a man whom I instantly recognised. I stood where I was in silence. 'I have come,' ho said quietly, ' for that gauntlet and I said nothing, but opened the door and led liim, as I had done on tho same last day of tho year, seven years before, into iny library. There stood the lamp aa before it had stood, "the clock pointed to the very hour and minute at which it had pointed before, and tho interval of time seemed to have vanished at a stroke. ' To-niglit,' thought I as I rang the bell loud and long, ' to-night, I will not be alone.' ' I will fetch it,' I said to tho strangor, and going out, locked the study door behind me, and waited in tho hall for my servant. In a fow moments ho came hurrying up. ' Now,' said I, ' stay you at this door and seo that the man I have locked in there does not come out.' I mounted to my bedroom and pulled out tho bed from the wall, exposing the door of the cupboard. I took tho candlo and put it on the bed where it would throw its light into the place when opened, unlocked tho door, and looked in. It was absolutely empty! "With a cry I fled downstairs, aud hardly knowing what I did, called on my servant as he valued his life not to let the man escape, turned the key, and burst into the library. There was no one thoro ! Shutters barred — door locked— lamp quietly burning — tho room — empty! ' You look ill, sir,' said my sorvaut. ' Ay,' I answored, ' I am.' I loft tho houso next day nover to return. But one windy night, not long ago, driving past it, there, on the . doorstep under tho flickering light, I saw the stranger wrapped in his clonk. ' Ah, ah !' said I to myself, laughing, ' tliey will want another tenant -there soon.'. As we passed on down tho strcot I lifted the flap behind mo in the buck of tho carriage to take another look at the figure under the lamp," and saw, flat against tliej glass, close against my own, tliat terriblo faco wMto and fixed !" 