! TSE MYSTERY Zit BERKLEY \ SQUARE. (GasttWs Saturday Journal.) I To thu day it remains a mystery, and it will probably ever remain so. There is no question of delusion ; no one could or can deny it. Tbe facts are facts, plain and unvarnished ; and as they were told to the writer by a friend -if he were not a relative of the parties -they shall be repeated. As there is no UB6 in alarming people, we shall not mention the number of the house. It is, however on the west side of Berkley Square, London, W.; and we repeat that the tale is absolutely true. The house, which we visited, was at that time apparently untenanted, lt was certainly in a bad state of repair, and as certainly not to be let. No tenant was desirous to inhabit it ; for, though a caretaker and his wife lived in the basement, they could not enter the haunted room ; and the mansion had remained empty and desolate in the j whirl of Mayfair. These were the conditions when a family from the country came, and, despite tbe exterior appearance of the house, were certainly pleased with its in- terior arrangements. The house suited all parties, and it was painted and re- novated sufficiently to satisfy the tenants for the season. The tradespeople were .all on the tiptoe of expectation, for no one had ever lived in the house for four consecutive weeks. Rent had been surrendered, and a hurried departure had again caused the advent of the care- takers. " It was their doing," was the whispered comment. " These people say the house is haunted, and so they have house room." But they never dis- suaded a tenant. Many tenants came and went ; sounds were heard, and some- thing uncanny was in possession, for no one remained. The family who came into temporary possession of the mansion had no idea of it« history, and it is at this period in the year 1671-that the writer's acquaintance with the house began. The new tenants took possession, and were handed over all the keys. There were occupants for all the bedrooms, and one upper apartment was allotted to the housemaid, it was a nicely furnished room at the back of the bouse ; small, but-except fora peculiar atmosphere very comfortable. " No one had hither- to slept in that room," they said, "and it was rather damp." So a fire was lighted, and the bed made ready for its new occupant. The girl came in in good time, and went upstairs to bed. Everything was in readiness for her, and the ladies' maid, who had indicated the apartment, had left her. Ere she had got into bed, a piercing shriek aroused the household; theo a heavy fall in the housemaid's room caused them to hasten upstairs. What could be the matter? Mistress and servants rushed up together; master followed. The room was broken open, and a terrible sight met the gaze of the intruders. The poor girl, partly dressed, was lying insensible on the floor in a dead faint. She was laid on the bed, and remedies were applied as soon-as possible. The convulsive movements of her limbs were succeeded by violent i ravings, and it required two men to hold ber, so terrible were ber struggles. Her appearance was that of a maniac, and when, with the assistance of a doctor, site had been calmed, it was perceived, with unutterable terror, that the poor girl was "raving mad." She was quite exhausted for awhile, but the paroxysms again began. She was removed as soon as possible, and after awhile a lucid interval intervened. To questions addressed to her, she only replied, with terrified mien and nameless horror in her face, " Yes, I saw it ! I saw it ! " aud re- lapsed into imbecility. Now, what 6ho had seen was a mystery. She never gave any account of the horribly strange sight that met her gnze. The story got wind and was laughed at : was credited wholly or partly according to the constitutions of the hearers. The tenants avoided the room, which was again locked up, and no more was heard of " the ghost " for a whila It happened one evening that the tenants gave a party. There was a small dance, and amongst the guests were some guardsmen and other officers, i There was some curiosity expressed as to tb« haunted room, and roany of the guests-particularly the military ones laughed at the idea of any danger or ghost. Finally, the subject absorbed general attention ; dancing was dis- carded for discussion; the believers outnumbered the sceptics. " Tit bet you five pounds," said a young officer, " that I will go and re- main an hour in the haunted room, and come down unharmed." "Done!" ex- claimed his opponents. " Dont !" ex- claimed the more timorous of hiB friends. The lady of tbe house and her husband both endeavoured to dissuade him. But he was firm. H«J laughed ghosts to scorn, and jestingly bade " farewell " to bk companions. He carried a candle, and as he prepared to ascend to the room, which had been lighted with gas, some presentiment seems tx) have affected him, but he laughed away all remon- strance. " You won't frighten me with a regiment of ghosts," he said. " But I'll secure my retreat. Remember, if I ring once, you will be ready to come upstairs, because you will then under- stand that I have seen some thing and may require assistance. They promised, and he continued, " But if I ring twice, you will at once know that I am in peril, and then come up as fast as ever you can. I shall not ring without reason." They wished the young fellow good luck, and standing in and near the drawing-room door watched him ascend the staircase. He laughed j them a cheery " good-bye," entered the ' room, which was fully lighted, and shut the door loudly. The noise echoed through the house, now silent, for every- one, even the servants, were on the qui vive, and the ringing ot the bell was anxiously expected. The men stood on the landing; the ladies generally re- mained in the rooms, converging only in whispers, and feeling, as one expressed it, as if something was going to happen. He had been gone fifteen minutes, and no sound had alarmed the guests. Bets began to be talked of and wagers tendered that he would not ring, and that there was no "ghost" nor mystery at all. Suddenly a faint " ting, ting " was heard from the basement. There was no mistake-he had rung the bell ! On the startling notice the ladies ran out, and some of the men began to ascend the stairs. A few were for rushing up at once, but the courage of their friend ! and their agreement held them back ; still they were ready for a dash up the flight at the first tingle of the second bell. gome terrible minutes past ; the tick- ing of tbe clock was distinctly audible. Then a loud, violent crash of the bell : a sound of fearful significance to all who heard it. Two seconds sufficed for the men to reach the room and burst open the door. This is what they saw-The | young officer stretched in his evening dress on the bed, rigid, dead ! His jaw had dropped : his eyes were staring open vacantly in mortal terror ; a dumb, stony fear and awful horror stamped on his features ! His left hand clutched the bell rope which had summoned up his friends. But no presence was visible. No form appeared to alarm the others. There he lay, stark, staring mad in death ! What he had seen-whether demon or spirit must for ever remain a mystery as great as ever puzzled the Lond.ro world. He { died, scared to death by the awful apparition which he had in Borne manner defied or offended. Sometime after, we believe in 1879, the condition of the house and the mystery again claimed attention. Ques- tions were publicly addressed to those interested, but no reply was given, nor was any explanation ever afforded of this perfectly true mystery of Berkley Square. 