CURRENT TOPICS. His Excellency the Governor, Sir Robert C. Hamiilton, Lady Hamilton, and suite, left last evening by train for Symmons Plains, where the party will be the guests of Mr. Charles Youl,previows to proceeding to the capital. AT 7 o'clock last evening the switchback railway was opened for. traffic on the Market Green, and was very extensively patronised up to 10 o'clock, the period when it ceased running. Everything in connection with the affair passed off with out a hitch, if a little annoyance caused by larrikins throwing stones upon one portion the' line may be excepted. This, how ever, is not likely to occur again, as special police protection will be provided today, and'the management' are determined to make an example of anyone caught inter. fering with the works, or annoying the passengers in any shape whatever. The patronage was exceedingly large,about 2444 persons travelling on the line between the hours of 7 and 10 o'clock. If this kind of business only continues, both the Company owning the structure andthe committee of of the Tasmanian Industrial and Juvenile Exhibition should benefit very materially. The switchback railway has evidenly hit the public taste, and good results inay accord. ingly be looked forward to. It will start running again to-day at 2 p m., and will also be open for traffid in the evening. AinoTER house, crowded to excess in every portion, greeted the rising of the curtain 'at the Academy of Musie last evening, when the attractive musical comedy, "Hans the Boatman," was presented for the third occasion, and Mr. W. Hughes and the management generally seem to. have, up to the present, no reason to regret their enterprise in inaugurating a season in Launceston. The piece, as usual, went with the greatest spirit from the rise of the curtain until itsie final descent." "Hans the Boatmian," besides foprming a thorouighly enjoyable entertain. ment, has anothbr great point in its favour, and that,.i s .it . never wearies an onlooker. " This fact is .very strongly exemplified when one notices many of the same faces amongst the occupants of the Academy night after night. Another recommendation to public favour is that there is no single line in the whole com. position which approaches in any manner whatevei to viilgarity or 'coarseness, all the fun and general effect being obtained by the means of thoroughly wholesome humour. "Hans the Boatman" will be repented this and to-morrow evenings. To.;iodrow: afternoon a matinee will be given for the especial benefit of schools and' families, upon which occasion the Academy' 'of Music will doubtless be crowded with little ones and their friends to witness the unravelment of the story of the jovial Hans and see his gambols with -his child companilons. A vE?rr large number of passengers left the city yesterday .afternoon by the express train, a long line of carriages being crowded, both in the first and second; olassa, ' Thp numbers, comprised a con sidenable colitlpgejt, q? isitors from the 6other'coloieas'bound godith, and lso pepple returning to their homes after hyvinglieen present at the first day's races. eroTU tickets at single fares will be issued on the Government railways by. afternoon traine ,oh 1th and 20th instant, available_ for return up' to 62th instant. Other special arrangements have been made and are published in another coluo n. T'u following telegrams were posted at ;theo Taebigc.?offeie byesterday ia-" Souts 'Atitralia notflesdhpt eommunicktion with Port Darwin is interrupted betweep Bar row's Creek and? Tennant's Creek since 6 a.m. Restoration expected this evening." The line was restored at 8 p.m. CoNTor eattraetions last evening, had the e fe?tgfp4e?ipg tJhi attenrdance at the City Band oicert which' wag ejd in the Invalid Depot grounds. A eplqndid pro-. gramme was however rendered; thie ?pt' appreciated 'items being selections from "Maritana" and "II Trovatore." The St. Joseph's Band discoursed an excellent 'programme on the balconyof the Brisbane Hotel' the music being greatly appro elated. AN accident, which fortunately was un kttended with 'any very serious results, occurred about half-past 5 o'clock yester 'day evening at Mowbray. A pagnal in which was seated a number of official connected with the Electric Telegraph. office, collided with an omnibus at the feet of the Mowbray'Hill,: the result proving "unco' rough" upon the lighter vehicle, which was toppled' over the neighbouring embankment, sustaining the loss of gone wheel and other, damage.:. Fortunately none of the oocupants were, hurt, they all managing otouch mother earth gently. Ti injsed sa l wasplaoed.upon a foeat and 'otnve ?einto the city for repairs. Ti's Premier (hon. P. O. Fysh) yester day forenoon accompanied by Dr. Dunlop and Mr. Thompson, surgeonand paymaster respeotively of H.M.S. Egeria, was con ducted over the Launceston Gaol by.the Superintendent, Mr. Alfred Jones. The Premier was shown the portion of the old gaol where .it is suggested a reception house should; be founded for persons of unsound mind awaiting medical examina tion. In regard to this matter the Premier stated his. intention of seeinig that steps should be taken at once to bring about some settlement of the question. The party afterwards proceeded to the Invalid Depot,'and subsequently visited the.Laun ceston Hospital. The Premier and Mrs. Fyeh left for Hobart by express train yes terday afternoon. YsaTaaDAT morning at the City Police Court a number of members of the "spieler" fraternity were brought up and charged with having inaugurated games of chance upon the Mowbray Racecourse on Wednes. last, thus rendering themselves liable to be proceeded against as idle and disorderly persons. However, from their own state ments all these " gentlemen" wereasinno cent of guile as babes unborn, and merely went on to the course to witness the racing and meet a friend or two. Astounded at the harsh and decisive evidence given by the arresting officers, some of the accused could -barely restrain themselves' from breaking out into passionate invective, and thus declare aloud their righteous indigna tion at the manner in which their presence upon a public racecourse had been mis construed, and unworthy motives imputed to them. In fact one of the individuals was so carried away by his feelings whilst listening to the story related against him by a representative of law and order, that he eventually exclaimed in tragic tones "I feel it hard to keep from committing contempt of court, but I suppose I must hold my tongue." He accordingly held his tongue and was fined £1 and costs, as a solace to his outraged feelings. But the one bright particular star of the whole constellation was John Cleaver, a youth of uncultured demeanour; but if the magistrates were lead away by outside appearances at first, and thought theyibad an unsophisticated innocent to deal with, they were otherwise enlightened before he was ultimately consigned to the solitude of a cell. He was charged with having indulged in a game called "three up" upon the racecourse, and also with having assaulted Stub-Inspector Scott whilst that officer was in the execution of his duty. He defended his case tooth and nail, and; submitted the witnesses to such a cross examination as has seldom been their lot to undergo. In answer to the first charge he' asserted he was merely. "playing Yankee grab with some friends for drinks," and as to the second .Sub Inspector Scott, according to Mr. Cleaver's statement,was most decidedly the aggressor. The bench, however, failed to see the case in the same light as the argumentative " bush lawyer," and ordered him to gaol for three months. From the Argus we learn that the fol lowing Tasmanian exhibitors at the Mel bourne Exhibition have received honour able mention :-Messrs. Hatton and Laws and F. S. Browne and Co., Launceston, perfumery; Messrs. Lithgow and Co., Hobart, perfumery; Mr. A. Evans, Laun ceston, toilet seaps. WE receive with commendable punc tuality the departmental reports issued by the United States Government. By favour of the Entomologist, Mr. Chas. V. Riley, No. 6 of the issues from his department is to hand, the subject being "Insect life in their economy and habits especially in relation to agriculture." Illustrating the great interest taken by the American Government, it is stated that Mr. Koebele, from the Entomological Department, is in Australia, "for the purpose of studying ana collecting the native parasites of Iceryva purchasi with a view of introducing them into California ; just as we are going to press the Australian mail arrives, and brings a letter from Mr. Koebele, who says:-- "So far my work has been much more successful than I expected. I not only found the dipterous parasite within Icerya in large numbers, but also three predaceous larva feeding upon the eggs of Icerya. One of these is a Chrysopa larva, which I .first discovered in numbers, it having almost de stroyed all the eggs of the infested Icerya at Mannam, 28 miles up the Murray River from Murray Bridge Station, South Australia; the others are larvm of a small Coccinella. I have collected and sent with this steamer, Mariposa, probably 10,000 Icerym, of which at least 50 per cent. are infested with the dipterous larvmo and pupm. Dr. Schomburg, director of the Botanical Gardensr of Adelaide, kindly furnished me with a wardian-case, in which I placed three young orange trees and nine of Pittosporum, securely packed down. The Iceryso were placed in this on sticks of orange placed in earth, so the smaller, half-grown insects can easily crawl up on the fresh plants, and the flies that hat`h en routs may be able to go on breeding. Besides these, I send a large lot in tin and wooden boxes, chiefly taken off of twigs ; these latter I have placed in ice-box, so that'none will be able to hatch during the voyage. I expect to land several thou seuds of flies in pupa state witi every steamer landing at San Franociicb. The most difficult matter is to get leerym in such large numbers. , As yet I havefound them only in private gardens, but Iknow of sufficient for 'another sending.' On coming on here I also discovered the flies within Icerym in Victoria, and dm certain. that they will be found all over Australia. or wherever Icerym is'. present. iThey are not only parasitic upon Monophlebus and Icerys, but I am almost cortain'also upon Dactylopius. I found manhy emptypuparia within dried-upDactylopius, and also have several fresh ones at. Adelaidi.' " ". A cn??os of tenancy is aboit to take place in the premises at the coreor of St. John and York streets recently, occupied by Messrs. Ditcham Brothers, These have been vacated, since the removal of this firm to Melbourne, and will shortly' be re opened by Mr. David Storrer, cabinet maker, etc., as soon as the necessary alterations are made. These are of an Sexteneive 'description. The whole' of the old frontage in St. John-street hneas 'been Staken out, and the' 'old ,.weigh-bridg' removed. The noew shoep frontage will be extended, and on the at present"'v~'nct' Sportion of land adjoiniing Mr: A; . Hall's Sa shop will be'built. Adjoining this and Srunning the full'length"of the premises from St. John-street and parallel to York street, will be the workshop, and above this a store-room for time ????m r, eto. A~t the corner facing George-street will be the main shop, and immediately in its rear offices which connect with the shop, so that all branoches willbe directly under the tmanager's control In the'rar, on tbe York-street side, will be. a general shw- ' uro ld p-stairs above thi,' runningh wthebull ngth o Ia0 the bHldi? |i . ill ae' f t~ of "?abp?et wor0i ap Sothber gods Mr tore has secured to lease ofthe lre?ls~is a fori20 years. I. TPoIINa competitors at the Tamar a Regatta 'aresgain e?rendpd theg sqtre:s , must be md.", with the seegetavy p ithe B:Beisbdne Hotel bbfore 10 o'clock this even t ing. The.secretary received a' telegram . -Pterday intimating that' Edward HIanlan h badleftbyitia:s;cd'rin ,'whiJgh willarrive \- in Saturday'afternoon. The regdtta"'.' Smises to bps a big success. The Wede Ba crew are rowing res llp T... ehds a were out fr a'spln.yesterduy they wil be d opposed' by two crews. from the aine a Board, and a crew from the Tamar stroked a by M'Donald. One o"f the Marine Board It prews WeFu gt t .light,'and went well It the prew a 'eimch" heater iam .the, e Southera men, and'the race shqld be well e contested. It ip probabe) oe of tht Wedge Bt Bay crew will co?lm?bet l the Opento-all e Sculls, and two of them in the 'air.oppd a. Race, " . ," Jauav by sirangenieit was the ordereof t the.day at the sitting ofIthe looal. Oantot a, Requests 'yesterda.. Thre :'"worthy citieneshad duly taken their seats, whee Scounsel engage on one, side somewhat ' muaouontably--to all Appearance-- bx . erised his right: of cballeage. It trans t pired that the objection arose, not from technical, but from-purely sympathetic Smotives;theimrorbeingsked to be relieved g solely on the ground that he had been in e court all day-on Taeeday.' Actuated hby J imilar impulsee counsel op the other side 1 requested the releas of another of: the r. trio. • Bubetitutes being found,?forthe' A'two relieved oneed jnrr as -empanelled and the buanliaop. 'solded, Referring to Mr. the late Peter Lalor ex-Speaker of the Victorian Assembly, that well-known writer, "The Vagabond," says:—Thirty-seven years ago a young Irishman landed in Melbourne. The cry of "Gold!" brought hither all sorts and conditions of men, but few who have been more notable than Peter Lalor, scion of a notable family. The old mansion house of Tennikill in Queen's County was the home of a race, the chiefs of which maintained at home the traditions of their family and Irish hospitality, whilst the younger branches went forth into the world to fight their way therein with nothing but their courage and their talents to aid them. Charles Lever has given us the type of many such a family as that of the Lalors of Tennikill. They were, of course, sportsmen. Mr. Patrick Lalor, father of our Peter Lalor, was a Master of Hounds as well as being the first represent- tative of Queen's County, after Catholic Emancipation, in the House of Com- mons. "Tom Lalor, of Creagh." is well known as the Master of the Ossory Hounds. The cadets of the family de- veloped a military strain. One of the cousins of Mr. Peter Lalor became a field marshal and grandee of Spain. Three of his brothers fought in the American war, one being killed in the cause of the south, and another whilst fighting for the stars and stripes. Another cousin was the cele- brated Frank Power, the war correspond- dent of The Times, who died with Gordon at Khartoum. The present head of the house, and owner of Tennikill, is Mr. Patrick Lalor, and his brother, Mr. Richard Lalor, like his father, is member for Queen's County. A younger brother is Dr. Joseph Lalor, a physician who has held the highest appointments is Ireland, including that of head of the Lunacy De- partment. The mantle of medicine has likewise. descended upon Mr. Peter Lalor's only son, Dr. Joseph Lalor, a young physician, worthily esteemed by all who know him, in whose house the old hero of the Eureka Stockade and many a Parliamentary battle in the cause of the freedom of the people, and as is generally admitted the best speaker who ever filled the chair in Victoria, peacefully ended his days. THE favourite Cuckoo Club will journey to-night to Rosevear's to give an exposi tion of song in aid of the funds of the West Tamar Racing Club. The ae.. Cen. tonnial is chartered to convey the members of the club and visitors, leaving the wharf at 7'15 p.m. sharp, and no doubt a goodly number will be ind'uced. to undertake a pleasant. moonlight trip., The steamer will leave Rosevear's at 10 o'clock so that patrons may be landed at home in good time. AT 3 'p.m. yesterday the atmospherio indications were as follow :-Thermometer, shade 795 ; sun 1345 ; barometer, 29"66. A asTnsH peculiar accident occurred at the Penguin on Wednesday evening. Young Mr. Barnes, who resides about a mile up the Pine-road, was cross-cutting a large stringy-bark log ready for the mill. The saw jammed, .and it was withdrawn and reversed, the cut being made upwards. Suddenly the log broke in two, one end striking Mr. Barnes on the left arm and driving it with great force across the teeth of the saw, inflicting several gashes, two of which were very severe, cutting through the several structures down to the bone. The main artery was divided and had to be tied, and the gashes sewn up by Dr. Stewart (who is residing for a short time at the Penguin), and the sufferer is in a fair way of recovery. A MONTLYr meeting of the Primitive 'Methodist Band of Hope was held in the school-room, Frederick-street,last evening. Mr. F. R. Symons occupied the chair, but the attendance owing to the many counter attractions was only limited. Ssanvrca'in continuation of the United Conference and camp meetings were held yesterday, and were in every way satis factory. In the morning a devotional meeting was held in the Wesleyan school. room, Patterson- street. There was a very fair attendance and the Rev. C. Price pre sided. Addresses were delivered by Revs. Mr. Howe and W. H. Smith on the subjeet of " Sowing and Reaping," and towards the close of the meeting the chairman gave a very practical and stirring address based chiefly on the relationship between church members and their minister. Among those present were Bevs. E. C. Tennent and D. S. Brunton, Pastors Soltau, White, and Wood, Capt. Bennett of the Salvation Army, and others. In the afternoon a' camp meeting was held in the Invalid Dep6t Grounds, and besides a large, general audience 'a number of ministers were present. The subject adopted for die cussion was the "The Holy Ghost." The Rev. D. S. Brunton, in an eloquent address, preached on "The 1oly Spirit, isb per sonality." An address by the' Rev. Mr. Cherbury, of Victoria, followed on " The converting power of the Holy Spirit," succeeded by the Rev. . C. Tennant on "'lThe sanctifying work of the Spirit," and a practical address by Pastor. W.- White. In the evening a. torchlight procession,' accompanied by a' very large' number of. people, 'and headed by the ;Christian Mission Band, who played various hymn tunes in' an excellent manner, proceeded 'to the'Market Green, and, in the presence of a considerable audience; a series of very able addresses were given by ministers of various denominations. "A prayer meeting 'wasasubsequiently held. "TnE second coinpetition for the. Sm molhanckl trephy will take place 'on the Launceston Rtfle Rapge on Saturday, 23rd inst.' A special squad for comspetitors from the country will fire at 12.80 p.m.,'and'a' l secondsquad at'1'30 p.m. The balance of · th entrance money will be handed to the: dcoipetitor with "the' hbigheat score.' The Commanding Officer's MonthlY !Battalion Challenge Badgo will be firedtb-morrow. Squads -w'il be formed'at 6 a.mi, ud ati1 and 2 p. . Mssaas.s W ePLC.?,?aos. AwND BPlccaLL forwaird us the o.Au4trlsienS BSkhetr for February 31, which is of. sore than 'uual interest. The frontispiece gives a view from Mount T'l' rawera, N.Z. .looking towards RBtomahana,. which embraces the scone of the terrible volcanic eruption of Juo.'1,0, 1886 in which; the celebratbd Pink and White .Terraces, disappeared, to be replaced ba chasm se.aven.miles long. S.Another view shuso the Sundorland Falls, Sat Milford Sound, N;Z., belihered to be the' highest in. thp" world, and amenkat the Sother views are photographs ofGovernor SRobinson, Mr. Thornoycroft's statue of General Gortoni sketches of 'wild 'dog hunting on the plails, sketches' at 'the: railwa station, view of the -mountains of Milnee ay,New, Guinea,; and of i burial scene in Samoa. The usual letterpres' complotes a good.number. Owio 'to the omission of the word "but" the sense of a paragraph in our leading.article in l?ist issue is marred. The Sseitencb slhouild have .ead:--'"I 'New' 'ag from us a singl" farthing towards her own revenue' buit" by, so f, ar ,it goes, re stricting our trade by. clo?ing, or prtally clpsin?, e.c pstlet for osr prdoucs.le5' S of 0 pro arms Is promised for theiBsad of Hope meetig at Psattersonstrs? Welesa I ehsel'rqa t.ilghh.•'/.. a -'Clau or 'Sin Bsassa.-Invers U N.2.. roms eeia (a' s'kin ,eae whih is vey prevalentin thii colony)'for cout nmns years, I i sedl spite?onoh rea? led a .r . I Is ddst; ofpia trice:,l th'irdmni,. ' imwn li n, fiultn and 'whast ketsa ia rl. sot'asd drslast' bills had- smll .reeens vldt to aopihas I ss e sde Stiry"y'ohr' antrsei 'Usoli~t s Gleiiu'bp brother who hd vsnedre tF icet in ·llevstlat~avdr vreseed, ed s s sio'smt snrirke sa ssttio ?I'. la? ,LL Sdisse s wheh..had irobled mp.e rig was sanquered, end the skin reemuad its. srrl onidltton, This was eflstad-ba.?stmslu \- oa weleoie io make as as sa pleae t this letter, and- I stuerbe allysslf.--Yesus ate. )John H. KerrW lener Usals;Basks 'gami as4. W l adaplIspta b1 r Ta. Imanls, ?alrthsvm e adon' sd Rtio ndIBa~ws.Reteiled' by. ¢heml sad as EJwnmi''n- Awr dsam.?'P-1-We has . gold palaits.a atL' blas;k .ite.;fq itansy tdak, .' hitew ooit~ediobedsUti , L s ,, Br'ban' 