PARRAMATTA RIVER.-Past and Present SKETCHES AT BILOELA. Old stone sentry box, the training ship 'Vernon' in background. Morticed stone from old cells. Cells cut from the rock, Leg iron and old inscription on rock. Filling the siloes with grain. The Prison yard. The semaphore and sentry's wash-basin. I In the last ten issues of THE ILLUSTRATED SYDNEY NEWS we have been publishing a series of articles with the above heading. The plan of the series is to illustrate with Pen and Pencil the history of Parramatta and its surroundings during the past century. Starting from the old Obelisk in Macquarie Place, Sydney (from which all the public roads in the colony were measured) we travel to Parramatta by road, find out what is to be known of the quaint old town itself, and then return to Sydney by the Parramatta Eiver. On the ' round trip ' we gather up as we go all the old associations connected with the road, town and river, making a valuable résumé of the past rich in historical and biographical memories; replete with references to ancient landmarks now passing away ; abundant in interesting anecdotes of men and places of the past, and containing many opinions and experiences of various writers of our first Australian half-century. fHE chief historic spot on the Parra- matta Uiver is, without doubt, Cockatoo Island; and this partly because it has been associated in the past with some of the darkest and most romantic pages of the colony's history, and partly because of the engineering works which have been constructed there. The early aboriginal title applied to Cockatoo Island was Warrieubali, and whether the early settlers, finding this to be the native name of the bird, translated it into English ; or whether they called the place so because of the numbers of this particular bird to be found in the neighbourhood, certain it is that from a far-back period this spot has borne the name of Cockatoo Island. It is the largest of all the islets that dot the waters of Port Jackson. Like the whole of them it is a mass of sandstone uprising from the harbour depths, its peculiarities being that it is of more imposing extent, of loftier elevation, and of more barren aspect than the others. In outline it is rugged and severe, consisting of an elevated plateau, ending everywhere with sheer abrupt sides, which, in their turn, meet a lower level not much above the water's surface, and which, to a great extent, has been formed by the rubble quarried from other portions of the island. Cockatoo lies pretty well in mid stream, between Balmain and the peninsula running from Hunter's Hill, known as Onion's Point,' and is surrounded by deep water. The ground plan of the island in configuration is a square, or rather an oblong, being about a quarter of a mile wide, and somewhat more than that in length. In its longer dimensions it lies up and down stream from east to west. For the first fifty years of Australian settlement, Cockatoo Island was left in all its native wild and solitary state. Only when "The Lump " passed - that earliest and heaviest specimen of Australian boat-building- with the convicts toiling like veritable galley slaves at the oar ; or when some of the fruit boats of the pioneer settlers at Ryde or Kissing Point came down the river with a cargo of oranges and peaches, was the solitude of the scene at all broken. Black- fellows would fish from their bark canoes round the rocky fringe of the island, or build their fires on its shores. At that time the regular penal settlements at Norfolk Island, Van Diemen's Land, and Port Macquarie, together with old local gaols at Sydney and Parramatta, furnished sufficient accommodation for the criminal population not otherwise scattered over the colony engaged in road-making and other public works. The prison hulks also served to house some of the surplus crime, and, in the ' thirties,' Goat Island, adjacent to Cockatoo, had been converted into a sort of harbour gaol. Cockatoo Island was first established as a depot for prisoners in February, 1839- just fifty years ago- and by proclamation was constituted the penal establishment of New South Wales on June 7, 1841. The con- victs, who were first deported thither were occupied for a considerable period in quarrying stone for the necessary buildings, and also in constructing with the ballast an extensive wharf, or plateau, at the eastern extremity of the island. Wherever the configuration of the rugged isle permitted, a similar level was projected, so that a sentry- box could be placed at intervals, and a cordon of sentinels thus command the entire circumference. Later on they were engaged in excavating a capacious dry-dock from the solid rock, of which work more will be said further on. As time went on, and the original trans- ported convict element, under the jurisdiction of the New South Wales authorities, became concentrated at Cockatoo, and in 1850 there were only between three and four hundred thus lingering out the re- maining penalty of their crimes. A writer of that period, who visited the island says : ' Very many transported per- sons have thoroughly reformed. Very many were not radically vicious, but owed their fall to bad example, and bad counsel. The wheel of fortune may have played them an ucrly turn or two in the youth of some ; but they have seen their errors, felt the conse- quences of them, and learnt, moreover, the value of character and conduct. But" the blemish is irradicable ; like a broken- knee'd horse, they may continue to work-and work as well as their more spotless fellow- men-but they never meet again with that implicit trust which those who have never " been down " have a right to expect. So little is what may be styled active convictism now apparent in Sydney, that a stranger might be unaware that any remains of the system still exist. The prisoners under custody and punishment are all confined to Cockatoo Island. This natural hulk is situated about two miles above Sydney, just where Port Jackson narrows into the creek called the Parramatta River, and about a quarter of a mile from either shore. Here is all that remains of that stupendous machinery which, from first to last, has introduced into and diffused through these colonies not less than 60,000 of Great Britain's offenders, and by whose agency, it may be said, this great fifth portion of the globe has been redeemed from the savage, and appropriated to the European family. The island contains at present about 300 prisoners-under conviction for offences committed in the colony, or expirées from Norfolk Island. Many of these are regular incurables, doubly and trebly con vieted.' In a letter dated June, 1850, the following information is furnished : ' Mr. V. "Dumas, clerk in the Convict Department, Sydney, states that of these 60,000 transported prisoners, 38,000 are now filling respectable positions in life, and earning their livelihood in the most creditable manner. Of the residue, death and departures from the colony will account for the greater part ; and I am enabled to state that only 370 oui of the whole are now undergoing punish- ment of any kind.' Having been used by the Imperial Go- vernment as a prison for many previous years-by an order dated the 2nd of April 1856, it was directed that after that date Cockatoo Island should be the destination o: all prisoners sentenced to work on th( roads and other public works of the colony From that time it became associated witl the names of several of the most daring bushrangers, who, for 'robbery unde] arms' and other desperate deeds, wer< relegated to this island prison-some witl cumulative sentences whose long term lef them but very little hope of lingering then out. One of the most notorious of thes< was Prank Gardiner, alias Christie, who wa arrested at Apis Creek, Queensland, in 1864 for his share in the great gold-escort robber at Eugowra two years before, when severa thousand ounces ol' gold were carried off b; this bushranging gang, and two troopers Middleton and Hosie - were severe! wounded. Tried and convicted before Si Alfred Stephen, Gardiner's cumulativ sentences amounted to 32 years hard labour but in consequence of his exemplar; behaviour in gaol, and influence brought ti bear on the Government of the day, he wa released on the condition of leaving th colony for ever, which condition he fulfille by sailing to San Francisco, where he opene a drinking saloon of the lowest typt Another notorious confinée at Cockatoo wa Frederick Ward, who was much bette known by his alias of ' Captain Thunderbolt He was one of the very few who eve escaped from this island-prison by swimmin to the mainland. For the time being Nemesis Buffered him to escape both th vigilance of sentries and the teeth c roaming sharks, but his taste of pen¡ servitude did not deter him from resumin his evil career, and after escaping the hanc of justice for seven years, during which 1 committed many deeds of violence, he wi 1 run to earth by a young trooper name j Walker, and, refusing to surrender, wi shot down. I . Having given some general outline of tl j ^le as a penal settlement, we may no j make Borne special reference to the illu j trations which are contained in the presei number of the NEWS. "We have spoken c the stone-cutting performed by the convii masons. The one material on which tl prisoners had to labour was rock, and < that there was an inexhaustible suppl AU the quarrying, excavating, and stol cutting on the island-with the exception < the magnificent new Dry Dock-has bee the work of prison hands. The various buildings-such as gaols for their own confinement, cells for punishment, barracks for their guards, and residences for the officials-have all been constructed by con- vict labour, from stone hewn out of the island's own solid substance. Some of this masonry was of exceptionally strong and lasting charcter. A great number of the larger stones were cut in dove-tail fashion, so as to be fitted and held together without the aid of cement or mortar. A great many of the dove-tailed blocks are lying loosely about the island now, and of these we give a sketch at the head of our illus- trated page, to show their character. In the top left-hand corner stands a pic- ture of one of the old stone sentry- boxes, which were placed at jutting points at in- tervals ali round the island, so that the sen- tinels might see and signal to each other. ThiB is the only one of the sentry-boxes now remaining, and is, on that account, quite an interesting relic. Note the look-out holes from which espionage could be maintained in every direction. Tet, in spite of all thia vigilance, escapes were frequently at- tempted, and in more than one instance proved successful. "We have already quoted ' Thunderbolt's ' case-others were not sc fortunate. Mnndy.writes : ' Many desperat« attempts at escape were made in my time One wretched man flung himself into th< water, loaded with chains, and, being £ powerful swimmer, had got nearly a hun THE TASKMASTER'S HOUSE, COCKATOO ISLAND. dren yards from the pier before the sentry perceived him. Disregarding the soldier's shouts and threats, the mari swam steadily onwards, upon which the sentry fired, and the wretch instantly sank, nor was his body ever found. Sharks in search of offal from the slaughter-houses haunt this part of the harbour, and act as an efficient cordon.' The sketch below that of the sentry-box delineates one of those numerous inscrip- tions which are always to be found in places of this character. It was inscribed by the son of one of the warders as a memento of the date when the island was abandoned as a place of convict punishment and converted to other uses. One of the most interesting relics of olden times to be found at Cockatoo was the set of siloes for storing grain, which were excavated in the days of G-overnor Bligh. The storage of grain in siloes is evidently a very ancient custom. Several instances have occurred in Spain of the accidental discovery of subterranean stores of grain in good preservation, of which there existed no recollection, hut which had probably been established by the Moors while they were lords of the soil. An elevated site is fixed upon for such constructions, if possible the pinnacle of a small mount, so that there can be no drainage of water into the granary from higher ground in its vicinity. A pit is sunk, resembling an inverted lime-kiln ; the depth and other dimensions of course de- pending on the quantity it is required to contain. A considerable time ago siloes were constructed on the Macarthur Estate at Camden, and those containing maize and millet, on being opened many months after- wards were found to have preserved their contents perfectly. Those excavated in the solid sandstone rock at Cockatoo Island were situated on the side facing towards Balmain, and were shaped like a huge bottle, fifteen or twenty feet deep by about the same in diameter, with a narrow neck, closed with a flat stone luted with plaster. About a dozen of these siloes, filled in time of plenty with grain, were intended as a reserve of food for seasons of famine, which (before Bligh's time) had more than once befallen the colony. It was a monopoly for the public benefit; but it is said that the plan was discountenanced and disallowed by the home authorities, possibly because they imagined it might interfere with agri- cultural interests. The siloes at Cockatoo were constructed of sufficient capacity to contain six thousand bushels of wheat. In our illustration the opening of one of them is seen, into which a convict labourer is emptying a sack of wheat; while in the background another is seen coming up the rising ground from the grain barge. Mr. Doran--a very old resident on the island, connected with the dock engineering works, and a most intelligent nian-informs us that when he first came to Cockatoo the siloes were full of grain, and that some time afterwards he assisted in emptying them, when the contents were found to be satu- rated with water. The grain was perfectly rotten, and the stench beyond endurance by those who were anywhere near. These siloes are still in existence. When emptied they were thoroughly purified and lime washed, and are now UBed as tanks, filled with beautiful water, supplying the island residents. The Plag Station at Cockatoo formed a conspicuous ; object seen from a long dis- tance, and still stands, a relic of the old times, when these signal staffs were erected on every salient point, to convey questions and answers before the days of the electric telegraph. The pole at Cockatoo is securely guyed by chains, and is stepped with cleats giving access to the cross-trees. At its foot our artist has sketched in one of the old time military sentries, with his plumed * shacko,' and bayonet -fixed to old ' Brown, Bess.' The picture set in lower centre of page gives us an idea of an early morning scene many years ago, when the prisoners, roused by sound of the bell, issued from the gaol dormitories, and the tools having been served out to them, they were told off to their daily task. An exorbitant amount of work was never expected of them ; still there was an appointed task-master, or * ganger,' whose business it was to see that there was no ' shirking.' For those "who were insubordi- nate, or refractory, there were the ' black holes'-the dark underground cells-where all was thick gloom, a darkness like that which fell upon the land of Egypt at the ninth plague-' a darkness which may be felt.' ; ' We give a separate illustration of the Taskmaster's House, which was ' deserted,' and is now all pulled down-even since our artist took his sketch- having been de- molished in extending the surroundings of the new dock. Like Othello, ' his occupa- tion gone,' he, himself, is in the condition of his occupation, and the tenantless, doorless, windowless house he once occupied has followed in the same direction. The task- master, in old convict days, was a man of some importance ; he it was who supervised the day's work of each prisoner ; he it was who, like Pharaoh's officers of old, cried ' fulfil your works ; your daily tasks !' and woe betide the unlucky wight who, from laziness or any other cause failed to fulfil his allotted day's labour. Those were the days of the dark cell, the triangle, and the ' cat,' and now it is only the silent evidence in the buildings around us, and the memories which, ghost-like, haunt the spot, that bring back the old " dark days " to mind. Among other curiosities pointed out to the visitor to Cockatoo are the water- tanks, and the ' sentry's wash-basin.' In the first of these useful works we can trace the thoughtful provision of those who had the care and oversight of so large a body of people in such an isolated spot, in conserv- ing the rain- catch. The water-tanks are so ingeniously constructed with adjoining filters; that any impurities conveyed into the first are separated from the water as it percolates into the second reservoirs. The largest of these tanks is about 50 feet square, and 8 feet deep, and they are at present filled with good water. . As to the 'Sentry's "Wash Basin,' it is said to be the work of a prisoner in charge of the flagstaff, who was stationed there to look ,out for the coming of the visiting magistrate or doctor from the mainland, and give notice for all to be ready. The man cut the hollow in the rock for the pur- pose of washing ; and in those days the water ration was distributed by a prisoner ' water - carriers ' gang, who carried it in yoked buckets, and as they passed this sentry they gave him his supply into his 'hasin.' Altogether, Cockatoo is a sort of Crusoe's island to the Australian antiquarian, if any- body connected with a land so young can lay claim to such a title. He feels that here at least he has a spot on which is unrolled for him some of the dark annals of the past. In 1872 Cockatoo Island was abandoned as a prison, and its name was changed to ' Biloela,' which is said to particularise in the aboriginal tongue the female members of the cockatoo tribe. At all events the island was converted to feminine uses, for a sort of reformatory or industrial school for girls, who were living a destitute and disso- lute life was established. The girls had to inhabit the old gloomy gaol buildings, with all their prison-like aspect and associations. There was nothing bright and cheerful about the place or its regime, to win those so disposed to a better life. And the chief defect or point of weakness in the whole system appeared to be its utter want of classification ; the younger children were herded with the elder girls, who, although not so much their seniors in years, were considerably older in sin ; and thus, to a great extent, the opportunity was lost of improving those whose lives were as yet unblighted. Some of the more vicious girls were wild as unbroken colts, and led the others into oft-recurring acts of riot and insubordination, only equalled by the violence that used to be displayed in the Female Factory at Parramatta some half a century or more ago. (To be continued). 