MININO ÄOTEü. The manager, report - A i ¡j nu M .ii A s AND EAQLFIIAUK Creswick Jan 19 -South reef drive in from -So, 2 rUo ID-dt. No 1 lîise Wett-Loading drivo in south from nae 258ft, a¡ a o driv e in east off same 02ft. ¿lakimr f ilr progress with machiuerv tor Hit \\\cck*)iotd 4-02. 15dwU AMALO -IM mu "cora ANO CROSS U*EP M-IWOII, Jan 19- brit tu Jft, stone ...r. bail íor shooting Tribut is started driving at No 1 le.el Will com menee on Monda) to drive the main lovel east to /oot- na.) ALI ii* Urokon hill Jan 17-Main Shaft-Cros. cut nt 103ft. len»! in 29ft ground is hard, but chango w coming In which will make it batter for drl. im. rod.Ld th rotuli miueraliatd stone, contauiii g ¿alen«, an I p. ritos käst bhaft-R-ilud out wator, and hud eros eut H put In 12ÍC on lodo -.herein two vein. ot fcOoJ uro, one Ju, th« other Din thick, sh JW mg .ImWro-c to tlu »ast te ted, whl*h frv\e 4W>z. oï silver fini TI uer cent of lead to ton AWLO.UAThP Ö0LTU ¿IthDKUICk TUB OlthAT, fcebis.ia Jan 1)-North drive nt Sauft. lovel a\ tended-lit. total nott stono making mon Build not yet act. tiny void although it Is a .ury Hkel) st ne and contains other mineral'' ?AisTi ALI v\ 1 uoi IA HILL CONSOLS Broken hill, Jan. 10 -block DU Main .«haft-the L round hard an 1 oui) 4ft sunk, total depth öMt. stopliiu east of No 1 shaft breaking *ome ver\ fair or., am h-wing a parcel prepared for simplin¿ Uxrimx CONSOLS Haldon lan ID - Sunk eii-sltio tOuftáit in hatd land-tooc and tpar*-, from eu r fa co 2 0ft. cut a spur In shaft Ut thick under..ing vve-t, ehowlmrtt.u mid coarto gold »ndweU nmieraltsed , plumer »ill be fixed uu\t nevk IlERtt. CONSOLS kimrston Jan ID-The branch reef drivo ti an boon extended taft, nnd tho south weat It.el 4Jft thi wa.hdirl. drives trom No 2 rise in this lu.ti ure ti ave.Ung through fair wash )icll for «cok ¡>2aoz lGd \t. IhLMovr <\b faAXiir, faandhunt, Inn l8-00 tons cru lad from II ar the routh boun I uy i>fc No I kvel vkllhigOooz. 3dwt Credit cart at No 3(1 ¿OOft) extended Mt., tout, 5? It. The lace w »till in <pi\rtz but haw not wen atij "olu At5j t tiavu pa-._d tin ou ii Wrier _o ng ? t"*t lh mt IN« I WY Aberfeldy, Jan 10-Tunnel driven Cit b) two nii'ii during the week Total lencth, .iJft, Il toi., R 4 Cn«, filpp lund, Ian 13-Driven main ttitinol lOir through tiarri «imisione. Joda> vvoLot to another fault, mi upthrow wini a ¿in leidtrof coal Lxject wo arc about throuji the broken cou itrv Diamond drill down 200't in hird rocl HiHkP AND WILLS Woodspoint, Jan li-liai to secure tlu drive bj \ utting In «et of unit er Would prefer i-luft to be sunk to a depth of JOOf*, If «o btrikü Jubilee loik which I think we ntl! it »111 mike a very mve-dil difference in xiUio of propertx Lode struck previous!, iii eromctittiitir from main shaft U not 1 believe the m ii n Jubilee lo le IiHiT.NMA ANn \rv\ LIIIM, Sandhurst Jan 16. Driven fit uto north spur turlu.; run out Started cro«cuttlug east, and commenced to put main shite in working order, the timber for saino being on the ground HAT Kit i Cul-'» K *\TBsnKn, NSW Jan 14-Driven tunnel otu Country on tho change fir the better Broken down lode and it is Improving iii appear and. UnokrN lULi ^ouTii Trolíen hill, Jan 14 -Mai i Fiiüno abad- North drivo is now in M)fc lode wideiuiiG. eotisidenbl} and vitJdinjf \er> much more carbonate oro than pro\louil> reported No 1 Sha-t -Winze below iOOit level north sunk 40ft, ami ¿ ieldint; hf.h erado an, cn ti fe rou. eoppi r ore 1 liter id -inkmi; tin % as water will allow, when driving south on the course of the lode nill he proceeded with NO 1 Trial Äh*ft-Wtticu beow ttve l"0.t luvel north sunk 12/t.( and)ieldintr stones of first class qualU> load Dru« north ixtended 12ft. thromrh çood car bonato of leul, copper stained with nodules of rich silk lons iron The drivo south is b iiif extended to uarrt. the south air «haft an<v we expect to cibunect during this vvoLk Urivesouthnt the 170ft. level is iii from the pUt 77ft., and is now \iüdln(f t*lr jinnie carbonato ore J ho north drivo is ¿leuiiiu similar class ore to that reporttd on tait week ,l)io vvinzo butou tho drivo ia jieldini n\%* ive leal and is now down Oft. North Air or Haullnir Shaft-mkinirof this «haft to iOOlt kvel will be tesumed Outj lit of oro duri tiff pant weok wai lfl2 tons llowt lqr Hnisxis fis tlinearooma Int man ia Jin 14 - Tall race drivo Is no v in soft oountr) Tendern have been cftlkd for pushifn; it with the utmo.t tpeed to \ lUnii} of D shaft, wh re a site has been «elected for an op n face It N expected drive will proceed at rate of sort, per week, ihe two wa*hdlrt drives oon tinuetolook well, Meld of ore fromstiuofor week 2\ tond Arrange) neuts hei tur made for deeneiiiti); LtttU s Creek to _,ivo a lditlonal fait for tail race tor strlpplmr A UOflit I h d rauhe plant neirl} rcnil> for working thi» portion of minc I ain luv HIL' fallen, hjuraulio plant at lower hill U otra i ii at work i tip lev eli of proponed head race to Itligi rooina Uiver aro beíjijr checked by n comp-teot surveyor UnokkN HILL PRoiniPTAR. IILOCK 14, Broken hill. Jan 1U.-Hain Jj.iait-trosscut wt.st to cut mai ti lode,,total m L At 43ft from plat loue tut, which is now 131t wide, without any »len of hangim: wall Oro whkh is all palona »hows marked Improvement In value from where ttruck )n level above and bulk flmijtg taken up to the presentare hf^hlv satis/actorj Water maten ti!> in created ?.Inking resuiuo 1 and trolena show ¡np in bottom of thaft ^WOtt Lovel Timberi mr lonp crosscut north of malu shaft nnd breakln.' ore, whloh \H bel mr forwarded to Ur_\ Creek UJft. Lovel-(freaking down rood pijable head ore ptrt forwarded to Do Creek ami balance retened for our own smelters. General-W trucks of ore in bulk, containing ID tons have 1 een forwarded to Dr - v.ro*»k for treatment miking total to dale of 1U7 trucks oontaiiiiucr 1,000 tons HALL.HAT P-VHIIA ballarat, Jan IS-Some timo lost this week flxtnv doora on shaft to work another rope This hns been finished an 1 "Inking re s um rd Stone referred to in ls»t stitt In -haft and lint roving in appearance, showfnçmundia and black jack freck Depth of shaft 310ft If Licit Hounr UNITKD, (-(¡crton, Jan ID - Rise and win zu connected and will have same lovn.ed up ready to start interim diato dilve on ¿tonda} niorniii/ started south drivo No .I level HEHIIV No 1, -Smeaton, Jim 13 - -dtorklog at north end with four faces and obtained &-.r. from five machines, which li gocd j. rout id linden lavlted for liUit. of reel drive to pkk up ievel further north vvnnl Water continuos at shade under seven strokes. UitiTANMA UMTRO Ballarat, Jan 10-&QQ;(t Inel -hastern drive la sboning fair uold and havi -tartid to riso lMt. from tho face to meet the workings at the intermediate, between Nos 0 and 7 levels other faces In tho lovel looking falrlj well Iuterine<1iattf Level-t-aoes hero are looking better toduv, and more gold show H In them. M tho InUrocotioii ot winze and rl*o on eastern lodo the stone shows a great quantity of mineral, and seam« to bo dipping north 600ft Level-tuces over eastern lode are wltleninj out to the west, with a strong, flow of water otherwise rio change Is percoutible Other parts of mino without ohange All the heavy parts of machinery in connection with the now natter) aro in position, and a start U now t ein g midö wfin tables Cruthtd for fortnight 3Ö0 tons of stone \leld Compati) 87or 4dwt., tributers. Hoz Odvvt,. total, OSoz. lOdwt HIIOKKS lULi JUNCTION, Droken hill, Jan 11 - Malu a.iatr SOOtt Level - Crosscut, total from elm it, 5I/r 'Jûuft Lovel- tt lute opposite shift, total, 7Sft. from level Crosieut lu section 16 total Saft (rom main lovel This drive has oasied through good payable ore during week and we luv o not )ot intersected hamrtng wall this Is th1 same lodu as that driven uti in main level, and wntoh has heaved northwest Wims in 150ÍU level being continued, and will he holed to the lev ti below in the courso of a few week* 'UosAX» St Arnaud, Jan 10- Kin up 20ft. from ll.ft level About »5 tons ot stone mimi Uti tí still 2tt. wide «bowing excellent uold, eiueclnlly in lust two shifts work Gold and diver well iii a tribu ted throughout. Above85tons will bo at michino by Monda), and put through as s >on as powlblo. Dam full W til raise bank -k. higher Altogether pros peet« are most encouraging Will bring somo spool mens dawn BAMD Afp ALMOH CONBOL«, Ballarat, Jan 10 - Crushed from No D shaft _¿u tons and treated 21 tons pvritei for 15502. lOdwi At No. 7 shsftthoNo 15 level has beeu extended north 33ft, to til from eros« cut, 741ft uochantro lu tholode Ihe win« from No 1» level Is down 103ft., lode 4ft widi, full of mineral but poor Na 0 bliaft- fho crosscut west at tho 1000ft level has been extend«! 5(tt passing through a heavy tildo, throwing the lode back east or thai-halt 1ML In well d.fined tcttkd countr) .N e havu penetrated 6(t of soli 1 stone, and not jet reached the opposite wall No gold has been seen but the stone Is of tho rifcht charaoUr, we anticipate having to drivo north about Suit, before reaching the line of the gold hearing shoot. The crosscut west at tho 0 0ft level has been extended 32.L, total from shaft, 1,1 ti. It UROKRN niLL SOUTH FXTRNDKO No 1, Broken hill» Jan 16-look thargo )esterda) Tut mon on to roux lad lew lu shaft, when this is done, will start widening crosscut cast to make room for truck HIHNT LRriw, Dunoll), J xn l8- Kast horse drive Is now in about 120ft with good working country Drive from Na 2 rko from western howe drivo is also in good oountr), and good propres« is being made. \ery little change to report from the other parts of tbo mine Wator still t.«\ Yield, b7oz. lätw t CUM M o DO H K \ \NDXRUILT V S W Jan 14 -Comino doroillne- in main ohaft chamber at 100ft level, total 10ft., which cumph tes lingth of chsmhor Now Umbering MIDO. Will finish tomorrow thm croM cut tor lodo will ho pushc i ahead with ntl speed South drive from upper turnio), la»t 3ft lu docom posed p) rites. I eid ore stop.s in main tunnel pro ducliu fair qualin ore Unl\ two stopes golmr at prt*sont W ill put on moro w h< II furnace nfsrH \ an derbllt Mine-No 1 tunnel extended 7ft, thron eh countn struntrl) Intermixed with trou pjrltcî total, ¡j°9ft To dav let a fro*h contract to extern! It another 'tuft Thin dktaiid. w11) prov u Iwlo which outerap. on soiitheru boundar) of loase. Drive north on lode from No 2tunnel totM 177ft. When in another 15lu will stirt sinking t lind shaft which will bo 40ft. ahead of point where ore went undotfoou Uri io _outh at 100ft I vel totnt AJOft No «toping ilonudming past week Tim beUdim, of ore is propre aing sluul) with our present facilities thou.h wa are working da) and night shift» Thi re Is a LO vi tkal »till to lx done Shall trv to ».et uUrt thlswcuk but cannot sut the dav In rneintime evorvtMm. ii being put in 1,001 order that there may bo nodiU\s at ntart CRNTI*NMI\, ünuo, Jan U -ïunnel eNlcnled lfcit Sunk m LHiLTKHN Chiltern Jan 19- Maohlnorv stitt d jesurdav In presence of Ul -.eton, and a Urtu party oiÍ »sliariholdiri 1 virvttiinj, went snioothlv andkave gütieral satUfacllou IORI ILLI-I.A KtiRSDRD Tuena Ian li-No J Shalt -Dr IV--n-Ott atrosslode and have not > * t reached west wall WI co u.rth of shaft t)Ul fr.m UM.. level ( ft. At this depth wator ktruek Dtlveii 15ft. Into lo le above water level with no sign of wvst wall Lo<k at thi* depth ha« an Inn rove 1 aj garance Co.sriOAN t NbOLa iueiia Jan 1" -Mink "it total Kllft t miifttlon Is ¿ft (IIit wide, sho vine teams of (pmrtz ni d pv ritt a In hard mltturallte I countrv (OLi-iiAss AND lAccittu tufKiiouo, bftndhur><t Jan 19 -No 11 litt corni letett ) 1st hot Üxol and lit'. Umbered Bunk Hit, total 11 tuft No 2 witto i ink Mu, it-.no about 4fu wlJe ant show in-/ gold, unter trt>ubl*4omr Tributéis urushvd 44 louds for ltox Sdvvt. 6?r CospiDRKCR E-TKXnrn Sandhurst, Jan ID-762ft croivsout weat from \ uitcd Johnsons shaft driven nfc total 100ft countrr bars of hard sapdstnn* and thin bare of slate undcrlvlne cost 1,150ft crosscourse driven loft, total i05ft, not so much quart- showing; here. 1,0651«. rise put up Olt. total 20lt. country hard sandstone. 1 O05!t LevJ-Break ing quart! liero 167IL east of -holt Cruihe 1158 loads )¡eldin* 3301. 6dnt, and treated 6 loads pyrites yielding lOoz. 51»»t. OARLISI- AND PASSBV, Sandhurst, Jan 17 - Finished tutting plat, mid no»» tliiiborlnir up. lYlnzo irom 1 0201t. crosscut sunk Olt, total llOlt. CKVTIUL YV IMIMILL. .sandhurst. Jan 17 -Timbering flllMled to 9011t lo» el and shaft snot, 5ft,, toUl 9t7(t Ground In bottom hard «audstono with threads of quartz in It CRAMUX., Sandhurst, Jon 19 -l,2S4lt lovel south drlieti 7ft, total 54ft from north boundary also stoned along tho bottom of level for 301t. In lcn.th and about 4ft In depth, stone sho»s gold Will crush during fortnt-ht CROSS llrotr COM-OUBMUI, Stawell, Jan 19 - Crosscut at the end of north clrlie extended Sft., total 20ft country still ver» much mixed and un settled and boen engaged prttlclpall» In blocl ing some fair «old seen occasional!) in stone broken Trial parct i eln_ carted to mill , quantity about 80 to 100 to >,, returns from which »»ill be In next »»cok Coxconp Sandhurst Jan l8.-South level ox tended to tuft, from cross-ut, lit.lo u Id sho«Ing, but lodu not »roll defined -Urted a crosscut through loJo at this Dilnt Crosscut north ol shaft lu 18ft, quartz spurs shonlng In sandstone UlA-Ptox Wedderburn Jan l8.-«unk Oft, total S7ft Going through countr) ol slate and quartz Icalcrs, expoct to strike western indicator about 30ft deeper Gettiu.' out stone north of milli shale , can sec cold in breaking CALEDOM ».> URBV llillsborou-h Jan 16- Making fair progress uncovering lode in south stope at 250ÍC level with pood LOid to bo beo i in tho stone CkvritAi I'lATkitr, Sebastopol, Jan 19-bunk 12ft, full depth, 3-3ft Cn VIA s No 1 Cambroo-, Jan. 17-Main lovel tlrlien lift Rise up 21ft abo»o back of main lal el Liu tu s FarEiioto. Carisbrook, Jan 17-Three drlics fruin No 6 riso are in strong, coen! loAIng nish, all of v»bich prospect lair!) \ield, week, 1330Z. -dirt. COKDIUKRA, Tuena Jan 12.-Connected »»inze nltli bottom of -tram'* shaft niaklnir this shaft 2lu!t deep At this level driven «outil for »eck Oft , total Sit, and Mt eld. splendid bod) ol sulphide and vello»» ore. an I ha»o proved it to be at present ttmeblt »»ide, nn 1 apparent]) increasing in»»lilthaB drlie being carried south ¡samples *akea from bulk assajod as undor - No 1, siller lOoz, lead l8 por cent copper j 11 percent. No 2 silver Î40Z., lead 81 per tent copper 13 per cent r-roni present in dicatlon* lode seems to be improving in quallt) of ore as le coes south Striking of this large bel» of ore at L'lolt. lei ti is au important discover) bring tho dei pest le» ti in the mine in »»hich ore has been proved, besides ti» big an additional 100ft of backs up to main adit at No 4 shoot Drive at No 4 shoot extenuad 2.1ft for neck, and haie line face of ore exposed During »reek ha» o been »»orl ing on face of sulphide oro back of adit ind sending same direct to kilns to roast, »III lire kiln of 200 tons ore this .veck No 1 Tunnel.-bxtended dnvo 12ft for »»elk, and haio strong lode 8ft »»kio composed of sulphide an 1 carbonates of lend and coppar of gooo a»erage qiullt» Na 2 Tunnel -Openliiîî out on non bloc!, np to Prout'a shall and find lo le broken up cons st lue of stllphilo and 1 nolin, earning carbonates of lend assaiitt-fair for siller lead furnace been in blast HA diy« Copper furnace nut in bll«t on Jaiurtrv 6, and has no* been running 5} da)s lovat mu nine of oro reduced b) both ftiruuces is 791 tons i"c\»t 3qr p odtWug 1 lons lsewl °qr 1 itlHon Matte second 62 ton« lfie»»t Sqr Hrst nntte 40 ton* ISeivt Our -lb (bagged read» for shipment) 2 tons ITcut skimmings ol a total «sibilated »oluc of Jui 728 for two furnace«. Lead, 11} di)s , copper, 5} da»«. Intend 1 ladlin, toaius with matte nou on hand from this date. Anticipate being nblo to keep constant consignments of matte and bullion going for»ard Coke coming for»»aril a little more brisk!), several consignments noir a i»ised from IVenaistlo Coiisisit Usuro Bright Jin 17 -YVork resumed in eastern crosscut last Mouday Grouud hard close creí sandstone Di cursa] or Foixnimoit Sandhurst, Jan 19 - Trlbuters crushed 17 tons for Uoz. -d»vt gold Dieiir_s TunicT, iaiidliurst, Jan 19 -sloping the stone on the bl itk leader at Sollt and 744ft lewis and also breaking stone at the intermediate lovel (above the t)S4(t lovel), ¿07 loads )ltlded 62oz 15d»»t Dar 1>A»V\ CONSOLS, Charton Toivors, Jan 7 - YYhiding machinery erected, and eier)thing in itadlncss for sinking shalt Main and »»ater shafts both do»» n about 70(t Day Da»» n 4A »»est being one ol the adjoining clnims. Ha»o Just put throutrh a crnsliltg ol 317 tons lor the splendid yield ot DukR, Timor, Jan IS.-lleef drlio off M> 4 riso ox tmidul 3Q(L, put up bora lGtt, «howlng hnel count o bou Iii dm o oil .No. 2 bil an co eh a ft ox Und ed 50ft Projects from Jdwt t3 îdwt lo tho dUli ( ross-cutd £f gamo cast and Host cxtelitod 4Off, each, with similar pio*pcctt*. North rotf drive ex tended Silt,, hive coum.er.cod to rise, now up loi t., expect to be in wash hv 1uc«da) Eastdrlvo top level extended Silt, reef has been hard Is now lui proiln» Held-35oz. OJwt, Na 1 Tribute. lfloz. liuluL, No 2 Tributo, 2oz. 13dwt Total, 55ot 3dwt DirRRiso Hal In rat. Jan 19- Drl.o non In 01ft, countr> »tod slate comb, of uhkh an. well Uillncd uatcr is now* coming Irom face, intimating .ton« lu close proxlmlt) ahead UA\IES ASP UUULKSOSS Aii\Ln\y-TKD, Cieswick Jan 10 -H itcr easing off a little. Expect to bo In full work during tho nock 1>A. D\WN Goulburn, Jan 17-Driven fu-ther 12ft, makin/ Sift, west of No 3 shaft, and also l?ft cist, reef averaging lSln , and greatly improved ni rratorn omi bein? without tho elatv band-J In »top « wost of No 1 reef h 2}tt, ehowing gold freel) lla.oatarted anotlurshart luOft west of No.il, to bu talkd No 4 Abaít, ard it h ulread) sunk 15it, the roo. IK iu.; about bin wide. Hito ra.Mid, about GO toni of .tone, and hate two »hlft« wonting in No 1 shaft. New dam completed *» art d crushing on Gth lust,, but hating lost co much tinto t h rous, h roller rlmn breaking did not clean UP, and will not do so now till ^aturda) next tho 1'Jth Mill running vplewUdh K \ST LOSTIOAS, Tuena. Jan 12.-lunnel, total dH Uncu 230ft, pissing through sploudid looking oro consi.Uni; of luttra of ht-avj \ellon and redore quartz In grcfttquantit), with thin layoraof blue and blick »lite EORRTOS, Egerton, Jan 10 - New Main Shaft-The south «astern drive continued In about elm liar cln r-otcrof lountn hxTKNDRD UihTLFRfl FitPKiioLD Sandhur-t, Jan 10 -Intermediate level north at tíSOÍt tiriten 7ft and ulnt seems to be a malu back cut, and making more «tone. 1 mini! A-MU-A-UTi".-., Sandhurst, Jan 10-1 200ft winze sunk Sft, total 'Mt,, ground hard, and bad for ahootintr full of small spur» runulntr lrre_.ularl\ water ter) heat) This appears to bo 11 keb coimtrj for making a reef Eunitk.*. sandhurst, Jan 10 -Tho centra winze from 1,470ft crc+Buut has been sunk 12ft, total Sift Another small cap cut here Rtto from l,&T3;(t to nu et winze put up Sft, and another cap cut here , should brc ik through in about Ölt. moro 1 XTKM'KI. *ÎO_TH HB.o\Piiiitf. Sandhurst Jnn 19 -Tributen* crushed 20load, for Oat 4dwt I3*r LXTKNDKD **T ii UNDO Satidhunr Jau IB.-Cram cut east from Alexandra shaft (Joint work) oxtended 4J(t throne h hard sntu.stotío, total UTJft , trlbuters crush ni 22 ton«, > ictdiug lioz. lOdw t. rXTKMiKn SOLTII QtPKV's HlitTiiotT, Malnwbur), Jan l8-North drive extended bOít tuto waihdlrt which i. looking very well, and prospects aro pat able south drive has Won cleaned np and put in orler StronftTwaih In faco carrj in¿ gold EXTBNUK»UCO>NOI, s Malmsbur), Jan )7- Put on men to drive on courte of -tono supposed to be the line of the North O'Connor's rief Started operations mar Juiietlous ot the Hack Creek and s. wonko Gnih aid intend to drbenlomr thecours*of iton* north Hill rises very fast north coniiquuntty a little tilt twice will «ive a «ood depth from tho nurfaco. Course ot-tone earrie* a well demi ed wall or face, and the country \tr) favourable for working, and acomlder ableamouutof work can bo done for a small outlay Shalt be able to rtport more fully next week hxTPNDKn QUSKN'-I liiitTUP.., -.almsbury* Jan, IS -Urite now in _tfOft among ¿troup quartr leader*, one timvcotnbu lu at bottom of shaft upwards ol a foot thlok Shall continue tho drite for present to Und out what this make of «tono Is leading on to LOUTIAV, Malmsbuo, Jin 10-Sunk lOfc from plot 1-xpoit to put lu penthouse and Ox plunger earl) next week lASTlHkk Jlmor, Jan 1&-Wash dmeextcndel 32ft Cemented wash hu now cut out There Is now a uko-tope of wadi In face. KMFJIIKUR, Sandhurst, Jan 20 -Driteu 007ft cro.se ut «ft., total 110ft west of »baft Orouna Sasssd throujrh hard sand stone, underljinu no.t no moro foot will be up to the New Chum Con soil dated uest.rn boundan E.Mti. OF llKACONSHKLo Mnfrxton, Jan 10-Suuth drive from the No _ «hoot vxtondvd Sîtt,, total dis taute, 175fL, with about lft. or reef crosseuttlu^r t.a«t and weat oil »arno, with a fair »lope of wai h UelJ of cold from the three parties -¿oz. lOUwt Tho road and layotlou the bottom Kvtl ha\o been oo ni pit ted up to the No 3 rise M.oot üxvd and surtel to riso total li olí lit, IN it., reef MJTJ hard for rUlnif Kxpeot to git the up.nlnir aeU llxeti on topofrhio b> tonight (buturdav). No porxiptlblcr lncrca-o In the wattr FHKDBHICK TUB UUCAT, Sobantïan, Jan 10 - 3001t. north luvtl extended north 17fu total from air abaft lOMt. The boly of stone on which wow ero driving has pi non ed out on the eastern tide of the level and the spurs on tho nest ha%o become more broken up Have now cut another «pur in tho bottom of the lovel carr> lug fair gold The winze from this livU has bean tunk lu a depth of Salt. At l.lt the h tone passed out of the w inze to the out U NI cro_s outeant tocut ita^alu Hie 2X)ft level driven 37ÍL, total from air shaft 87ft Tawed thromth a «mall bod> of stone Cruihud S4- tons for 76uz lüwt rributoM cru-hud 105 ton» tor 1» >& lb Iwt G\niüALüi Sand h unit, Jan 10-Sunk 6ft,, tata! fron, plut, 113ft, from -urfaoe, IbOJtL, al«o cut plat at 1 S$'2tttt and timhertd it Tho air oompresnor got out of order, and retarded our progrest, Que CAR». Ku«hworth Jan 17.-K< ten dent north drivo on Wtsteru lot ! o lütt, total 70ft Ijode still bioktit up on hanging wall Coarse barren «tone ou footwall width lift On lästern side of shaft have turned ctr north on oourso of big reef distance in 10ft lhere It at nail vein on footwall carrying a little Lold, hope to cut same rooming w.ek liât ter}' crushing stono from western lode, but ver> poor (J KA NIT* HAR, Agu en Uiver, Jan 17 -Government sur vu) or ready to oom m en co sur\e\ of race. Turniers fur cutting «ame and driving tunnel called ripe* being shipped and got up to the mine, OOLDKN L.1JU.Ï, N'tw bouth Wale« Jan 12.-Main shaft sunk Ott, total Ittóft, country still faxourable for Kinking btoping batk Na 1 west crosscut, ground \er> tutu ttlil be putting In timber here coming fortnkùt to form level batter) and ».iigiiio house completed OKACK UARisisn, Charters Towers Jan 17 (Uy Tolo« graph)- Got splendid m undhi run* ¿Uti thick, show lug uold, cpkndid show GIATTH Un, New South Hales Ian 6-Rain fell for a tew hours on i hu radii) night but ground bilng so parch-d }re\ented it reaching dams, and the wiath.r Is awain quito Une ¡shall not put on an) more hands until uiacniu« arrive, merv I \ koepitid on one to do necessar) work Selected a site tor tall to,.« CÍA, A HAM', Ballarat, Jan 10 -Crosscut, CVJft li vol, extended Oft, dUunt from «haft laift Addrd .4ft to de| th (larito dltuoiuiuu» for pluti¿cr workings), toUl 71-ft UAHIUC. GVLL\ Lsitri), Sandhurst, Jan 10-Na 1 shaft sunk 0ft, total, l.O^ft limlared up lhft Mo nu Ott. thluk but no guld seen 1 060ft crosscut ,iriven l.lt total 7.(t. A little wat«r making in face landor« I bOO/t le.c1 has been driven »ft toul OOlt befell bunurcd tuns crushed for lOOoz. lUtwt GOLDHS STKMU, Avoca Jan 10 - hisus from Inter mediate la.el ha\t. t>oth b«.uu cumpUud and now driving in MU vc I Ihls i, round Is rattier pjor at | r« t>>-nt Wtst dri^u exton led 7t)lt lu a norlin rlv dlrettlun Ina strong ¿ath, I ut pros, uots not quite. so (.cod Gold 73or udvtt fmui 100 fathoms of ground II du lo el extenué 1 ¿Mt (Jut»Y Do. rh«ckarini;u, lan li-Olpsv IIo\ »i.aft- Una! lo to » tit HILII lito »batt since bollda) a on uLOQuntof water which has risen abjut2iftup shaft «o had P'stirt them lu stoia \g*in Lo»lt in Hil« place about .ft thiik carrving abjut tia to Gin ut opi. Na ¿ Lotie-btopli g ore froir surface down lu tlilt lc-U' Tin lo_u is ubout lbln thluk, cam li m from Sin to Mu of ure Deij atohed Ü0 tons 1(1 wt ( t ore to tho hugllsh and Australian Copper Com pany I ort Adelaide slnoe lost report OOLDKM OAT*, ^hlto Horse ILiu_rcs Jau 10 - Chtmbet out out 6ft full site for tho wvuk OotbXK STRMAH i-uio»toii, Jan 10--.halt down &-ti, in hard btud rock «««.. UhlTAtx Aandhurst, Jan 19- Made tur.acu shaft riebt that canned min« to be flood«! within 2001t. of aurfaoe. Lo» tired water 25ft. Expect next fortnight to resuma »ort In 275ft loveL Crushed US tons forJso 2 Trlbuters. >Ield -_!o*- lOdwt, and 34 toni from largo reef at 200ft. lovel yielded 6oj. Sdwt OIIEAÏExrKNUliD lUsnt-K-, sandhurst Jan 19 - South level oier l,SUMt driven 191t, total SOflt Ileet about 1ft showing a little gold Los ol at I ttlOf t from tho Tr bute Cou pani lins boen driven north 5ft., total l-MIt Itio reef Is from "ft. tosttvude hlsUlj charged »ith minórala ami «bonluir llttlo cold Uavo started a win» and suuk 7tt- Tno »topos oontlnuo to look is eil ¡soo tons wiro crushed for -f 74o& GRK.T EVTSVDRD VlcroRU, Sandhurst, Jan 19 - l.SoOft plat tlmuercd ann pat in luolt ladder» and sallar«. 1,Scott crosscut vest driven lOIt, total lillie Ground very black statt), »1th a llttlo ssater GRK.IT EXTKNDKD lIiaTLKRS' TRIIICTB, sandhurst, Jan 19-Tho Intermediate level south has ¡teen ox tended lift, total 19Stt Llttlo poid seen lu north nnd south stope« The stono near top of 1,55-ft «into Is lolie thick, and is nott showing a little lfal tons)iel led bso_- 7d»t OHt-vr ENTKNUBII UiRCt ins, Sandhurst, Jan 19 - Sunn 1,121ft, "round, saudstono, slato, and tiuartz spurs. fs* (.UI.AT LRU mm. Black Uiver Jan 12.-Been unabto to crush »ith turbine uliioh re*s¡ lires a now sprliii: Crustimj »Itn engine ¡stone eontlnu*.*» strone', and t-bows gold in breaking GKKVT -OUTIIRRN Sandhurst Jan 19-Mest cross cut at 746tt level extended Sit. total 22ft -tono JIL Duck in bottom ol crosscut which is of a nieo ap- pearance ami ghosts luinetat«, but no gold West cro-tscutatSOO t los-.1 eMende I tilt, and cast cross cut at sa ne It.iel oUcnd-d Jit ..lound each ii») «..ild.totii. l.liKAT It-D Rock, iN is « Jan Id -Main Shaft Total ilepih, ISttft, orossout 70ft Indicaituns ol lode Tunnel 231ft. slie-htlui|iroi oment in oro. GIIBVT ISURTIIRIIN EarhNUKU Uutliirglcn, Jan lb \- Uefiier unable to tet tuiliers had gold fratii ools three prosuLi t og drives, 51oz Selsvt. for nook GRRST Vli-smtN LONOTUNNPI \\\ alhalta, Jan 17 - Extended loner tuuuel "ft. total 2J3IL Hate toni nit-need Irenehiiig on surface abovu oastt-rn cross cut. U.\s, Haunted Stream Jan II-Sunk Ultu, slabbed 2101L Tribute*- started »otk In inoeatliie tunnel Uerue'liv hsru«, Smeaton, Jan. 19 - South east reef drive etttuded -10ft East drlse north end »ash gouo oit-r back 1} boring lind nash rising a little lu ssi-st prosptctlnir drivo Nothing nest* in »ash »orklngs. \ leKI front machines, UJoi 4dnt Batter) not cleaned up llearuties KKSKRVK, Sandhurst Jan 19 -Hlso In backof iiiteritiedi-tu level on »es1 lo.; of lo»t.rrstf, Ss.lt south of »halt, put up On , total, _*7Jft Xhis let; is citlm itenl to be at least -tuft hi*.li stone from 2ft to Sit thick, »eil mineralised, and again silo» tug; a little void Level south at "JoOft on cas' le« ot upper reef evteuded lift , total TTt-JIt Hie stone baa »ho» n moro gold tor the la«t le» lett IlisTLRiis KKKI* saudbuist Jan li)-sd tons from »Inzo belo» 9U7ft uortn sieldsd ¿uot 4dwf Sunk 10ft, total from plat, 129ÍI, (rom surface, 1 l-Sft Uround sandstone ami slate Mill no» tituber up &c; , and cut plats Level north at 1,097ft cxtended -Í .total J07/t Crosscut cast trom Utl7ft les el ex tended lit , total lSOft liol LU nu,, sandhurst. Jan 19 -Stoplnu ov er J-Ott. Spurs continuo to silo» a little told ..'1 tous ) lelded 63oz. 17d» t gold. lliiimies su I, Stn aton Jan 19-Malu lovel ex tended 6JIL totil distance from shaft 1,045ft, ground good (or driving, but lieavj Uorcd uis )e_.erdsv and went thtougti at 5ft. Um into a ver) heuvj »ash »lill but lit lo »ator Xttiough eoiug up against ft lathis Uould-r could get iiothine down to tr) HuiU-vii, Chirluttc Plaina, Jan 1R-Tim bit hw lug broken in bore, another boro near No J cotu men ed, and is do» II tu roik BIDDI N -ECI CT silverton, Jan IS -«Inco lato rains suppile I drinking »ater, miners enabled to return to nor« Oontrnct let for eoiitiuuiiig maludriva ejnards lode, »here »otk suspended betört» -uristmo-e I-.UICAT IR and --iLiuiaN, Unllaret Ea.t, Jan 19 - West crosscut 4001t. lose! »Ill now be pushed on again JituNBiiih Sandhurst Jan 10 -Last crosscut at t,0'30ít, level extended 5ft, total Silt,, g.ound hard sandstone Wluzo at l,b20ft. sunk ój(t, tout l-.it-, ground sand.tone,! blau, and quarts spurs bouth driv o at 1 ' ¿Oft. level cNteu kd 4ft., total 34ft, quuttx getting smaller, hut coniiiiues to show gold, ilavo taken out 2"0_t of pumps and altered the ladder road. iMiRRiAL BROKKN HILL SIM Bit, Broken bill Jan 14 -Siucu mat hi ne r) was started, sui«vdv propre»» han been mario in tduklug Main bha/t down 1J5ÍL, thtoUkh harvl mineralised conntr) , water being raised at the rate of about ',000 ¿.allons in 24 hour«. The tnachhiorv, which ts in good order and working well is capable of meeting «li requirements for a con siderable ttmu to come JoitNHONii knur baudhurU, Jan ID- 5bD loads ol stouo orushid during the fortnight, )lctriimr 2a7o& 6dwt. retorted gold Na 2 engine shaft sunk further ?J« nth of njtL, and winze lu hot toni of 1 ISOft level 5 J ft. Malu levels extended at 550ft. level 15ft- bOOft. level 2ft., 1,0.5ft. lexel .Jit. l,210.t, level löjft., and the crosscut at l.U.fu lovel Ufc KAIHKK, Broken hill Jan 10 -South end of block being prospected , going down lu tudu formation composed of MIlclous ironstone, stained with copper Mectiug held, and resolved to xoluutarily wind up KANOXROO LXTKNORD, Gordon, Jan ID -Cut ca tern lode, -fe wile, Ittoft , gold showing lu stone, and iluo gold lu rubble. North drivo, Ictcr sous lode, driven 22ft for ttio week, showing páyame gold Wiuzu sunk 4ft, last fuw feet showing very r ch stone. h no ii JIMS Sulk) Gull), Jan ID -Drhon SJJ.t situe -.tarling, little water coming from top of drive IVINO HhRit PnosPFcTiNa ASSOCIATION, Tasmania Jan D-tunnel extuitde i 25ft lhu li st tbrooda)s of thu week ground bad for driving, but since ttuu wo have cot into better ground LOUD LIAUKY hingston Jan ID-So 1 wost ex tended 17ft,, total, 23bft No 2cu_it extended 27ft , total 131ft Great improvement In this drivo last few di)« Ucef dipped off and very henv) wash came tu lace, carr) iutc fair proipiets of gold No J wuttoNteuded ¿Ott , total, lOoft, Main reef dike now 40ft. from No 3 west Making preparations fur crojicut to go east, iii ure will bo a ii o roase lu number of men ciuplo)ed for a abort tuno vv tille the wet .round Is draining I kid, 7Do¿. 14 tu t. LONU TUNNKL, Uulhalla, lan 17-No. 1 -Mill coutumestoping on eft.turu reef, which is thin and not yielding much stone Na 4 Levul-¡stojied still ahowa uehdellucd lode. Intend (.tarling winze on the eastern null No 0 level shows a tine bodv ot etom\ but go d .till continue, to hu ver) (lue Con t motors making Hoori propres* with chambers LATHOIU. XAILEY Uipfslind, Jan 17-Machtner) delivered at eldin, all in coori ordor and now per uianentl) sealed h neaped in fr tilling horres for winding ¿car aavvu timber from ullt not being du IÍ ve red as quickl) n. \ romtsed, but hope to complete contract about the .0th hist. Lova OILLT, Ihtllarat, Jan 17 -Dopth from sur faoe 121ft lu good working countr) of proa klug appearance ÍADV LOCH, Ballarat, fan ID-North drive ex tended 15ft., catt see told occaslonall) Not been ablo to gut lit bottom of shaft for tho week owing to bid air Meld 27oz. Hklwt ft.r from 320 tons. LONDOMJKRKV '.and Im rat Jan 10 -Sunk Sit. throuuh hard sand-tone, making 20_.it. from plat and ¿.Ul'-t.u Irom surface Met in rail end ol shatt lava about Sin thick, with soniu quart* which in ty provo to bo the willeri) kx ot a reel, from this a quantitv ot water H coming 1 vr.vnu», baudnurst, Jan ID-Winze on cast le.' from l,b-tttt crosscut sunk bit in hard sandstone omi small spurs, tout 14ft , discontinued winze and re »timed sinking »halt, MIIIK IOIU, total from plat ...Oit,, from surface 1,870ft _tn_ta almo*t vertical have been stoning ovur l,t__0it level II or til from 2 2 mine Crushed 07 tom fur 10 t Odvxt LVJ.ARLH No 1, sandhurst, Jan ID-started work from Parent compati) s boumJarv at 1 S Ott level from 2¿2 minc and driven 13(t, stone from Oin to lain thlok, showing a little celd L£t.uitt liiKRK, U-.v.culuid, Jan ID-Wash drive dipped 4ft, heavier vva.li, ou keri to push on main reef drive LOST aso foi NU, Harrier liantes Jan 14-Giving most attention to the new disiovcrv, No 3 shaft sunk Hit, Itlsa xaluabtedl*ooveo, and will Uve good roturns It was lit. wide at start and I« in urea Ing lu size as I go down 8mill branche* comliig In from hanging wall, -hall vcrv soon havo a few tons of ore irt ni this shale. Gutting small quantities of rich oro from No 2>-haft bühvu as 1 get up In the stope« the) will improve txpeat offer for ore at crass ty end of the week Am having a<si)s made Lt-ANBKHKis No 1, Ballarat Jan ID-Crush no\t week , water about the same. I tsANRKHRis, Uallarat, JMII ID-Cold, fortnight, 112o*. 6dwt LAST CUANCR TRIRLTK II at I a rat. Jan 10- No 2 Level-Davo) and part) arestoplug No 3 lovel Grainger and part) are driving towards wlnzo and stoj hu overhead Itooknmn and party are driving No 1 south through a lar,o bod) of stone iM*iQ Ivssiit CONSOLS Walhalla Jan 10-No chango in oountr) to report Machiner), Ac,, in good working ordwr IONO Tu>MKti UXTKNDPO, Wnlhnlln, Jan 10-No 11 north end 15ft. for week total 459ft , from ero.sout reef 3ft showing fair gold No It stopes reef 2ft, showing golf No 10 s toura contluuu to loos well, and)Uldhig good stone tor cruthing No D north w est levol tn Dit from crosscut, reef 2ft, show log gold No D BtopeM western reef continue to IOOK well bhaft contractors aft. for week , total, Sift. Irom No It plat Amalgam for week (ttioz. iioOM-toiiT l-XTKNi KD, Htawull Jan 10 -Shaft sunk Oft. for we.k, totalCOiift water still about the game Ground thickly Intermixed with quarts leaders, li ii, hi) mineralised Hopo to Umber up shaft next week MOUNT L'ÎLOT New South Wales, Jan 10-Had ver) heavy rahm Dam stood well , not much damage done llavu now twusluloes going ami makit g good progress. Have a ver) larve paddock stripped and will olean up next week tour pack horses carne out with provivlons , sent 4owt of tin back with thi m W III continuo to send In oro ever/ available op por t unity MOUNT CORTIQ.»* SOUTH, lucna Jan 12.-No 1 shaft total 1031t. Oin , lotte for la»t few feet under I) lug more weat, and is now about 4ft. wide There is a blight soakage of water In bottom. Tunnel total, 224ft. MORNING STAR Ballarat, Jan 10-Croisent ex tnndod lütt. Na 1 not through hard sandstone bar yet. Distance from ni it, 12UÍL MAI-AUB UKHR., K(uriton, Jan ID-No 1 Shaft We« reef driv«. extendud 37ft., distance in 352ft., washdirt working without change The yield itiolu lu« HGoz from 6CK> tons of tailings. No i bhaft.-West lu termed late extended 47ft , distance in, 3731t. Fast Intermediate extended 47ft., distan co lu, J37ÍL Weeks Yield-No 1, 5t!7ox. 3dwt, No, 2. a.Mot 17dwt ,toUI bU2o£. M.JORCA UNHTD LRADS, 31-I J o rea, Jan, ID -Hlso from Intermediate dike opened out and driven south 2S-.U S tar lud a drive east of same, this 1 ex| et t to be In wash rartv in tho coming weok Tí to ground at No 8 mentioned In last report, Is likely to pav bight sots washed for .ox, 12riwt. This Is con side red aoout pav able, MOCRT IhiLAdOR Cobar Jan 11--Commenced to cut down «hutt to straighten It a few timbers will aUa be required A« boon as «haft Is lu order will call tenders for sinking shaft 40ft deeper MORNCOI-áT/ui, San thurat, Jan lo-Level north driven 2JÍL, total, -.-ft. Ground show« signs of a change MlssiNallNK Malinsbur) Jan l8.-still drlvttt? south on lodi which look- as will a* oin thing driven thrum.h )et wo aro tow over tit ft, on the shoot of hold, which ha« uv rv ajp.aiurito of eau turning w11) ulrau up frun _0 ton« which will be put throuuh at the Quitus Hlrthdi) btttery to murrow and o\i cet a u *>d return MU w Creswick Jan H-N. I shaft-Lilt lowered to b ttom level, ».hail ski Ided, and urklnir lor cutter comn euri I ever) thin/ vorhliu satis fat ki ni) Nu 2 -haft- InteruiitlUtc reef drive ex tundeit Of' total from sho t 1'ufL drive in soft ru f awl ur f aralba* arc hcluu tinki ( >r No ".rise ea.t wush drive fro ii No 2 rt-s lu 171ft thu nash lui dipped "ft below the level it li Letting coarser and tarr>it ga tittie col I ?Imilar to the ground on the wests! le of tht gutter at No I »haft a drive has bien npenett south tram the above to connect Mth No 1 old workings the next rise will be put up In the deipe-t )artof the hdtt r when rrgutar w tulum»i w|ll foi ow w th goori reiulti MIUARLOXH Ls Lrtiwirk Jan l8-South ilrlvi off malu ea*.t drive driven Oft total 02ft, Led« from km to 1 Sim wido Cfruun 1 little tight« r for driving Tenders wi I hu accepted to ria) tor slnkh g No 2 shaft. MCRIOCR HKKP IhiLkland, Jan 19 - t-xtemted main lovel 4ÍL Oin. still lu hard blue ro k Cut a wall with a quarts leader on It URI * n_Ai Tis, 8iralts Settlement«, b«o 21 - Shipped to Ponan? 308 slabs (about 16 tons) of tin, senti hava 35 on han I. Two lurnwces in lull work. Beary rains Output for tho lortnleht, Sa tons ISotvt. U'PARUXKI IIKW, Maryborough, Jan 19-South bottom »Irire extended Sall, (.round »or} hard last son but eonslrtcrahlv ohanirid tor botter last lew tildes oonseiuontl) expoct an improvement in sUa and quality of lode at this lo» el In conaequenoo of rotuirs to No. - boilor, tho batter} standing; tor fir» da) s out of fortnüht Resumed crushlti- on Wed ncMlaj, with a lull auppl} ol quartz, cleaned up on Thunda) vlold SOot «dut for sovon dar» Preparing to resume sinking main shaft another 100ft MVMMOTII HTDRAUUC Granite mt. Jan 10-Got sluice tlnMied on lue-da), and sUrtcd >o I nozzle on \V eduesJa) morning and i. is »vorUllg »veil llopo to have Na 2 all In »lorkin, ordor In a lew dais Am makin»; venotiau bottoms of tho iratlnos, »»ith wood sides. Have not coinmenciHl race yet, bolus: short handed and anxlou« toe'ct Na Sat nork , put ra co men to Assist in getting It in order SI ÍAM.A.F 8 Sa 1, Havelock, Jan 10 -W ill orush dutlii-»»cek M vceiOARiR, Tasm-iiiia, Jan 0 -Machiner} started on Till lust, and is working »»eli Hitter) »vorks splrniülH, and is gottin. through nquantit} ofsioue. Phtes looking »»eil lleef drtvinir uorth at 401t le»el Irom ôlt to Oft »»Kio, «ml «lions (»ir gold all thro tvh \ KI mt CAN TILL- Omeo, Jan 17-Tunnel driven 12lt, total 39!u KoaJ to batter) Is flnlihed NIIIKI tirriiNPaD, Majoreo, Jan 10- Rock still liitd, and had for Masting -link lilt, total (Wit. No 1 O'CONNORS, Malmsbur), Jan 17 -North tlrtio bottom le»el driven Silt total 395ft lodo ÍInched for the ia.t fe,» feet, liest orosscut driven fit, total 1 Gellt, countr) ver) dosa sandstnnu On eastern lodo bottom le»ol north driven Soft., lode from lit to lSin »»ide, and heavily charged vi ill» mundic and galena. Countr» favourable and good for »»orMng, hare great hopes of this driie. N Armit, Majorca Jan l8.-Orl»o Irom end ol No 2 rise met M ita high barol reel and lor présent this drlio stopped opened crosscut off this in a north easterly direction, and coiner through a »,ood pajabla nash TW I, ÎTSOÎ. Bdnt »ol Nour» CORNISH Pa) leaford, Jin 11- Cross out at 700ft lei el extended 12ft, total from sha!» ltt-lt cut 3ft into the reef shontnir pa)ab1o poid stoplngovir backs of OJOft lo» el Crushed SOO tons for 10701. Noxrvnntt, Sandhurst Jan 10-Crosscut east tiriten Jilt., making lfljft Orouod hard sand stouc. .Na 1 hourn OIKSN« Malmsbur», Jan 1&-Stop iinr above bottom lo» c1 north, stone about same a« last report Also carr» Ina: on slopes south abo»u tho 4 oft lui el Stono small and slioi»!iur fair gold Have exton led tho dri»e south at this le» el GIt, stone shot» in.' little (.old Also . ».tended crosscut at SOlIt loci »vest Sft in slate and sandstone, rather tight for »»orUng NIL Ita) »ood, Jan 10.-In sido stope« at Na 4 a little better (.old has been shoivlii.r ^tono ia about the same sixe The stipes ovor No 4 on the south stone still slioiv a toed bod) of quartz and a llttlo gold Is occasional!) seen Crosscut at Na - has been drli cn Olt 190 loads i lcldod 4"ot of gold Nut» PMNe"_ Min»«, lurnamoota Jnn 19- Oro apportioned for treatment to Parke and Lace (at hx Inbltloii) Lulled P)rites Works (sandhurst), it D. Oswald (lUtdon) and bataneoeh,ht batsreserved Oro despatched to abo»e places, and »till bo treated forth- with Nur BROSSA mu, Evrrxnrti Itrokcn hill. Jan 14 -Main shaft eut donn to ll<, tender icoeptcd for alukinir anoth r loolt .NM» IIKIUII.» .Sundi, Jon 10-Loitered »tater "Ott , repaired slult W11, toi vi 0.11t Ila» o been do'ayej »Ith eihstructlons In shaft, and haling to shift centre« Jin tomake hate n quired sirs Nrwlnvoivi Ne»» strath Wales, Jan 11-Still no rain and stamps hanglni, up, and Horse still no ap pcarant-e ol an) Am pump mr aliout tourdate itatcr a fortnight stock for miles coming for »halt «»ter Might iuiproieniont In lndtistrt vein, 4001t., a little gold In tncloTom and lah shoiv of earbonates in Porst veranee S3 bijs No 2 oro on hand liaised Su crushed no, and throern out 11 tons for tho lort nUht II rain doo, not soon tall, will hare to suspend »»ork lora timo -MW SiinMiMiH, Bal arat. Jan 10- Stone In south main dritu look I tie put a Mt, No improvement in quail.\ of -dono coinc north Indleatorativo 4 level abo« Injr little cold, No 2 «haft, Mt» ItRb, Num. .NP BUK, Sandhurst, Jan li» - 700ft. levi.1 extended south Uft., reef Oft. thick. Driven north 5ft, reef Jft-, total length of drive 2*lft. A trial lot ot Si tonn crushed yielded .{lot. ldwt. 600ft. eros-cut extttided 7fL, making Wit from abaft«, -. bout h shif 11 ut don n 20ft. Mt« bT Mr\no, Svndhur<t Jan 10-Sunk l.lt., tlmbored toft, total (rom plat 120ft. from tmrfacu 1,470ft- Cut a slide btlov a lar.e lata underlvlngr »..st,and hite an extra Influx of water Crosscut east at 1 250ft extuid-d lift, total lSSft- Cut a back under.) Inc east t\ ith a tittle stone ou it, 72 tons yielded JO«. Odwt M.Ä CULM .Ultu \r, «Sandhurst. Jan IO-Crosscut cut at 1 OJOfL extended. 6(t total lOJtt Started croisoiit from I CîOft winze for east It j of reef. It I"» nott Uft In samlittone and »purs, set eral ooloursof coll s«.on In spurs Stono in old back south over 1,026ft. 1B 16 to Ibin thick and shows a little gold. M.» du M CovsoLitHTbo Sandhurst, Jan 10 - Lovel south at 1 770ft oxtended 13ft ; total, 250ft. lleef lift, thick. Let c1 on cast «all north of shaft ex* tended lölt , cotai, ¡.¿ft. Crosscut Last from Inter* mediato ILV el, 100ft. south of shaft, extended SOft; total. 40ft». Hate reached east ..¿otrecf >tont3ln. thick of atrrak) nature *i40 tons j Iel Jed 10202. <N _SRW CHUM UMTRD, ^midhurst, Jan 10-Crosscut *cast at 1 TÍO ft. extended 10ft., total 63ft Let el south atl.b2t.ft extond.d Ifift., total, l.Cft, Iteef 3ft. wide, trine looking stone, «hourn,; a little srold Illino tromthli towl sunk 7ft., total, 45ft Keef Sft wide, lient..} charged tv iih mundic, und -bournda little cold lho reef Iii tho rino ovir thi. luv ti is Improv* lut; Stone 1ft. wide, and shotting tfold on wist sid.. 30 _ tons \ Iclded OSoz. _ t w L Nsw MOON, Sandhurst Jan IS.-Main north shaft *ui»ic CJtt.. total bilott .hitit 17ft., nnd from Hurfacu 032ft , k rou ni, n,]nto with small threads of ijmrtz. In the »ln*_, helo» 6411-, hate leen »top Inj tho bottom spur north, tthlUi U (roiii4ln to Ob). thick, and liste crushed 17 tons for a j leid of 4 Jo A Odwt cold The i-tono still (hows a little cold in breaking Tri but .rs crushed Ja tons, j leid I n¿ lOoz. lf>d.vt. Mt» LOCH I-YKR M.tlock, Tan 10-So 3 tunnel riri.ui 9ft -li.ru Is a reef lft. lhu.k on tho oastcru wall The »tone is of prom i si in; ohiract-tr, but norold has boen sten in IL ¿to 3 cro^cut wwt driven 4ft. Mu Too-tim*, Toombon, Jan ia-No & tunnel driven the required distanco (or the rue to No 3 to bo put up at tho end The riso will bo let on contract on the 19th b st ¿Shu ULUK JACKRT, Ülue J-ickot Cr**ek, Jan. 16 - Adit levol- South drivo extended -lit, total from crosscut Gift, lho face U in dtko, with t small vein o' quartz In It which carries a little Krold 100fe. Lftttl-lu the »top s wo have hal a larcer bod) of quartz duri mr the \ ant week, hut it tis. been sugary and rather poor Wo should, huvtevtr, obtain belter stone ad tho stope« tdtatico further .outtv. Amalgam from plUcs, _->oz lho croulou of tho L'-lton tthnvl is helm, pushed on ¡.m Koxn SlKvn, Mijorca Inn IS- \ little troubled with bad air lull, pjOoz. NKW Ctr>M\a tit. Murrumburrah Nett î.tmth tt ale-., Jan 14- »Ith the o.ooption of low_r le.ul which ha« cot Into hist v miner*, lode, tho mine is without chanco. Gold for Deoembcr, lalor. 1. Iwt NMV GOL DUN (»vr« taradale jan lb.-South main drive »a-.li -Urtm.' to dip Think cutter tt lil bumoro defined a_ we cot furthtrcast and *.outh Uold for tat tul. ht Sfcn. Wttt NEW 1'BitTiiSMiitK, stawell, Jan 10- bQtL of slab* bine done In nit \r\t I KA, ¡Tier-town. Jan, 10-Crosscut tv est at 1 luuft. extemlut lSft, total 1.04ft from xhafc south lovel drive» l'ft , total 70ft from croi.oiit. Ni» U-Mimtott- s Walhalla Jan H -ctart*^ engine on 7»n . towered water in shaft 170ft. so far. tloio to hate water out bj uni of utAtttsatc, tvhen in another ttvoor thrtetveekn »111 nave iverjthlnc ok at eil below and read) for »ork Stvt HIT OK -.Itsi, l-omull) S Cretk, Jan 12. Cros>oour«e Hlse, 110ft Luv ti- South lovel on lodo, total dn-tnnco 70ft Otn lode inakluc larger, nott from eft, to Jit Oin wide, wi-H mluuralUctl, and cold bearinc tt aur not so utronc as proviuuil) He sumo«! work on e_s.oni loot wal I, cutt ni vturkliu^ llop- to prove run of couise ,-old celtic down on footwall, whloh was lia so 1 through in north east lev-l worklncs, ana ileldtd over lot per ton from KpUMaud leaders Kxtemleil Jtt. «hi onU.asnHn hate not re lu r tad. ->a_t) all quuitz, noon no cold «w ¿tt. stitt homvooR, Ihllant« Jan 10,-(utdownar.dru timber eil -Ufu of main shaft, making- vtr> tfoOd tirojrcas »bli plumrer -hambor .Nutt \ICTOKI. C.VTIIB'MM. hamlhurst, Jan 10 - Uriviucon it-,ne at Kuofi level, dilvtn ti >rth 2Sft», quarU (rum Jin Ui Oin thu k, nho»s aoatse jj_>id; about 10 loads ral*. 1 NKtt Ano Woods l'oint, Jan 17-Tall raes loinluz on tv eil, »111 Ruin lift more fal) Cou tractor for slab« oomtnrm ed dtlivirj Marhlnurv aliuo.tall duhvurod on cou tour linen Hotter pros* pDLU in tii-i rt.u at thev co up Jan 10 (Ut'lefe Ctaph)-1'iuldotk wmplutoti, nl*o rim,* m K-Atitt* with thick quarix stuiiiri cumin* c°ld M*vt L>"wis liiNna, IUM-cn. Jan 1Z-riat at 2J fe liuluvv isUrfuLe ii tluikhed, aid ooiimumwl to crwHcut eifct Whole of thti plat cou Ixl« of larys quarts veins hiçhlt ndneralist-d North li tri frnm «aitern tvinxe st tin» J'.Jft hnc been exiemlod lift-, total Silt Ludo con «Uti of quartz carr j in/ c-tuia audptrltd" Mirth luvet at l_sfu lu In lud ft. iruiu tasturn vvlnxu , wall vvuli dollnud Hie siuth lovel is Ina total vlltume ot tOlt .No » Shalt-»otitli lexel total loft., loale toiisUtlmr nntinl> of pvrltnus rotlc. Jan 1*» - ht en tbluff ninnlnc vveil Mnu last repot t. -iiiRlt.d to d-lu 16- tmii of ure, nnd hove nu hand tf tona of bullion of nu avernc* vahío of «toons of alUur and li or v. «It» per Um I beru ta ti ¡HO I ti tho cruolbl« of the furnacü 4 tuns of lead of «a t e VHIUO, ami S ton* of mitte of a total value uf J.0u¿ of ailturatid loz, of cold Mtvv I'rnsKV enAN( P, I- n cn town. Jan IS -At 312 t. leve . ntik.a,(ei( lettluc «uttrtl blocks of atone, which «how little trol I, r.iult uf tv hlch 4 iii be kno vu ou Monday Driving «uuth at this luvul. country hcavü) mluorallsüd, and have seen »fold lu ono of the ¿puts 1 Uko tim atipe trance of the quart«, and will oontluu« opeuim op (Idi urouud Miiv Cutu AM» Meron i v. üniidhurttt, Jan 10 - 2 VHift. lutol south driven 1 JIL., st, noliLavllv charvoU with mumbo and olatk Jack .here are «everal spurs uouilni; from the bic bott), und uiidurlylnc weit. W inzu from l.uT-ít. xuuk 71t. Oin , t ita! 24ft. Um . ffioilnd sandstone, small 10*1111 nf slate und threads of quartz with a .mall lava lin thlok Jilbutirs truihed LU load«, .loldluc JSoz. Odwt. ¡SOUTH AHfl.>t-A MooMsiaiir, Mawell. Jan. 10 - Sunk Oft. Ulakine i$At , countr> -h-iiKiim for better Nuivrti HAND ANU nAit-roi, 11 ed an, Jan 10 -No, 0 Level-West drive extended Hil forth week, total dUtance from shaf. MU , country hard _>o 8 Level-Cro«out driven lbft. for wtuk Kxpect to cut the weitem lode by the end of uoxt week NOHTU ttOAll H AWI*, li Ula rat, Jan lu -.No 4 Level-.North malu Urlve luakluc fair pro,.roi* No 3 Level-Indicator stone Irnprovlnc. South main drive cn malu lode lu payable -tono >o. i. Luvsi Slopes showing fair cuItl Nuia 11 MD_B or DMUAHH, Sandhtirat, Jan 10 - nlieu ort. lho two level., 1,0001t and l.oufift, art now couneatud Nourtt «UK JACKET, Ohio Jacket Ctvck, Jan If1 Crissuutdriven .ft for the wetk, b-ul SJft. lho end is in dvko The shaft 100ft north of the tint »nrknitcs has mai. sunk Mt., t 'tal ii. [ith aft I he rr.t U carr>lni; a little ({old, but It U very thin Juat uaw .NoriTii CoKsiHii, l>a>le*ford, Jan 10- 0tort Level -South drive r vit ml id lütt , total from m ni ti eros.* mt, ]H5ft olote to ( otnUh lomptii) « boundary Itiifdt. w id» hhalt HLWik bft , toul from ..oto plum, left. I'mUiaune imt in **toi lu y fruin dlfter mt lu vs. 1» und patt- of ibu mine ( utiiraotors for «rtetluu of m*-)-tii_r> uter l-tar not ilnfc hate madu akOvxlcUrt com.tntraiori luvu arrtv.d and sumo aru kitti'w pluLütl In | O-ltKn Lruihid 1,150 tons for ios * ¡NUHTII o Los vin H, Malniihurv Jan ¡if -Madu a statt to rt»- an \ Orive cm tt u r ut which 1 (bid /iillv lSin ituik und in vood cotintn fur workiuc bhall coiniuum.0 lu break down ttunu for uiUih ne uuxt «(.ik Sunni IliR-iiKoitttl St.h.Htr Jan l8-Urivn, WMt Itttl, lioxbu Hrof, ettendtd l.ft t.tal, .Olt Lo>lo carr) lue tin», cold Si ti pi. ntl id wurk hore till * batterv I» urutud NOHTII '»itRNAKthUil, LSandbur.1, Jan 10 -Sunk 13(1 , total from plat 40ft and from surface 1 niOft-, al-o tluiberid loft., ground vor> hard sandatout. Tho (.entii countrv winze has bun sunk 13(L total, 1,-I0ft Cro-.tjt, 1UIL also timbered 2011- In bottom of tvlnsa hate passid throuch what nj pears to be the t.ast Ice of a reef Stone 711, thlok In westarQ end and alt. thick In tait end of tvlnze, nicely mineralised, but no sold ..cn yet -SuHT 11 Joii.isoii, sandhurst. Jan, 10- Crosscut v «rest at 1,124ft total 72ft Winze will bo started from llils level next week atopcs showing fair gold all round lîavo started to sink shaft crushed 306 loarii x folding 581oz. NORTH lîRKiiivp Maldon Jan 19 - Fxtonded the crosscut a Îurt.ierdlstancoofl2tL totallOSft (.round hard sandstone NORTH BROTIITRS HOME NO 1 TIN Launceston lan »0 {By Telegraph) -Tin ore for weck, t vo shifts, D¿ tons NoiiTir ConmiiEiu Tuena Jnn ID -Extended tunnel 10ft country ir clincd to become soltar total 1 oiiçth 200ft I rospoctlng llneof countr) from wliioh obtained sorao nice looking gossan on Mir face NORTH BROKEN niLL Broken hill Jan 12-Main Qhaft-lfmberfnir and preparing for opening set at JO Ott level Wilt sink 15ft more hcroro starting cr »scut 100ft fovol-Distance FOJth from crosscut ff>it Saving a little copper ore. 1 odo Improving na we got south 200ft Level-North drivo SiSf* Car honate stoj o continues to turn out good ore and has never looked be ter Al out 00 totiB on surface wait- ing for cartera, about 40 tons sent to Dry Creek during week Started riso to JOOfr lovel Winzoon hangir g «all again uti 1er «a. mid down 20ft lodo where broken is avem"o grade oro South Shaft South drivo distance f om croescut 61ft lode lool Ing well North Shaft-About another week must bo ».pent hore before proper depth is reached Sinking continues very hard Ucon preparing for encino at Routh shafr hope to get foui nation started next xveek Have about finished erection ot two hoppers of ISO tons capacity each Am sending a parcel of copper ore to Krlcburg next week for Harrold Bros JS tons of ore at works, as per last report produced £037 11s Od NORTH Ai»n üorai CORDILLERA BLOCKS Tuena Tan 12-Main ehaft on north block is squared do vn to JSft in depth T odo formation futí 5f in thick ness Every sink Is accompanied b) an increase lu quantity of watur ^.iNOttTii OLD Cinu Sandhurst Jan 13- Crosscut nfc 21DOU extended 10ft, total from shalt flit. G out id sandstone 0 CONNORS FREE-IO-D, Malmslmr. Jan 10-At 200ft lovol north drive «atended 10ft., total 007ft. .Drtvcu north on Stack) ard reel 21f t At 20_ft lev c1, driven south on loader 5ft, and north Sit North drivo extended lift total from crosscut MOft stoplng at Nos 1 2, and S levels Crushed 140 tons 'or 175oz amalgam ' OLTWAnn IJOLND CONSOLIDATE Thieknrlnga, Jan 14 -Startod to open out at 220ft. Dm c in 4ft., and ¿Inking' weil further distance or Oft Oír TRKP CoitniLu RA Tuena Jan r -Chlorido Shaft-114ft lovel total 27ft Still ver) much mixed with quartz Expect to complote bins lu two da) s añore when wc shall start trucking North Tuunel Shaft-192ft ot eklddlng rompletrd Whip erected and whip road mode 8 500 gallons of w 'er drawn out ¡shaft and drive cleaned up and all working veil PIONPER Thackaringa, Jan. 12.-No 1 Shaft îvorth lovel total li 7ft Lode last few feet rising considerably it is Ht in width composed principally of ironstone Intermixed wlm veins of galena and tar hoqate of lead Fast winze at 310ft lovel total 37ft. Ftophig north at 250ft. Icvol proceeded with, lode looks well in face and muai output of ore being maintained A lovel west at 200ft started It la in -0ft on good bodx of oro principally of a concentrât lng value No 2 Shaft-Tho bud) of ore cut last xveek in xcrtlcnlshafc nt 00ft gono through forma tlon proved to be 3ft In width, composed of car konnte and oxide of Iron, Intermixed with veins and uti j al I buache« of galena Lode here is a good deal disturbed, and oro as far ns we have seen at present Is suitablo only for concentration W11 suspend opo ration s hero and continue driving _¿0ít bouth level this week Winze cast from south lovel totil 32tt Lode rift in width compose 1 of irons one xvith veins of galena nnd carnonato of load of a pa) nblo character Ilka a. santo Icvol total 21ft Owing to heavy stato of reids Mt)co rain nero unible to despatch 25 tons of oro this week as anticipated Onlv V tons sent, but balanco will follow cail) in coming weet 1 ARKINS Hr.F Maldon, Jan IS.-Driven T".t total -Silt West wall nude quartz 2X1 Gin to ft Uni In thiel ness Stono in drivo remains much the tamo v ith a small colour of gold In stone lim Kim UNITLD uordon lan ID - Drlvon 20ft. on contract nt 000ft level north Ground rather hird hut favourable. I sthuated distance to be driven, GOft Pmer OK WALES AXD BONSHAW UMTFD Sebasto pol Jan 10- Start baling next week prej orator) to resuming sI»Un__r Pitxcn OF W -xiiss AND OLO PO.CRTT TanagutH, Jin ltí -I opal ra to umlu shaft completed In pro pecting shaft have driven 14ft cast In h aril Scllow sandstone, InlcrmKedwith .lins of quartz and ironstone POTOSI Broken hill, Jan 14-North lovel in No 1 ?Shalt has been extended 41c total Ü4lt. Oin from crosscut, ground improving will discontinuo this tor n time, and push winze down from upper level Winze nt 50ft level has been au ni aiurlhcr depth of 3ft, total lift, lodo in bottom loots Very well indeed being eli i eil) calena on foot vail, and carbonato of lead on han Jin, wall Have not yet ascertained size, it being at present full width of winze 4ft Oin wide wlhlet tender tor sinking \\\\\\\v¿ llave let contract for finking main bhaft to nine men to sink Soft water is falling off trcatly PRIDL op THE MOUNTAINS Vbcrfeld), ian 17-Biso put up 7fe , total height, S ft The reef is about 2ft thiel and still carr'es n little gold llave started to extend the main tunnel iRtNCE or WALF_ Taradale Jan IS.-For tho past \rcek tho wash on tho top tcrraco lias been vcrv fair and patch) On tim bottom trraeo the wash is xtlthout an) chance Uold for tho week, 2_o_ 4d\vt. PRINCP BrQENT, Ballarat Jim 10-South drive at tho 554ft lovel in S7ft from «tartiug point, nnd non through croescour-e There aro two small vertical xelns in face giving out a strong flow of water Drivo westnt SSutt level ISft total 10_.lt from Indi cator Country changed to a nice slate, whichiurilcates alone near at hand PAROQLET Thames, New Zealand Jan 5 -Tho standards for the tram lino aro complete except four D&ttot;) will bo read) end of next weel, when we can commença on titling and ako crush for clem tom pany Dono nothing at minc since last report, nvaltlm; completion of tramwav TI o top leader mentioned in previous reports is 2ft thlcK More than a year's work on splendid stone Is in skht, nnd xv hen tho batter) is crusting prospecting and dead XVork can go on which cannot but reveal further re sources Lxpcct all preparatory work to ho com plotcri hy the end of this mouth The engine will drive additional inachmrry I hero can bardi) bn the slightest doubt as to the richness of tho a to ti o or bticcess of tho process of treatment adopted I cn WOOD mu Peelwood Jan 14-Upper Tunnel -Total distance driven 404 it Now Shaft, Western Itecf-Depth, 24ft Kngiuc Shaft-Succeeded hi clearing the 420ft level of water on Thursda) Ob v twined rou"h samples of! each faco ossa) Ing up to elk er 22oz., load 5 per cent copper 11 per cent IINNACLK TKILLTK SIL\\) t, Urokon hill, Jan 15 - Slnklmr recommenced lu shaft Wln/o sunk 3ft Otu , and continues to look well Hammer foundations -tiearl) completed Masons havo to da) started on the ore bin wall Shaft tlmbere 1 for a length of 5ft for tho fortnight, and sun! 2/U Gin The lode last struck H still lu the shaft and Is vcr) hard hxpect delivery of whim during tho wook PIONKKR 11 YuiiAL1 Lie Mitti Mitta, Jan 14-Work pro*,rc*slng very sat Isf acto rll) Nozrlo bointr kept Kcfing almost continually throughout holldavs Ucavv rains caused a froshct in river, and did good xvork with tailings at the tunnel dump llisumed xvork with clova tor, which works without trouble Mater In head races has also improved vor) much "W c arc now laying 1 ranch extension sluice boxes through rook cutting from tunnel tall race to Island lilock the top ground from which Is at prcsont being .reduced through union tall roce QiEiNfl JuiiiLKt-, Buckland Jan 17-No. 1-Dis continued crosscut as no shji of improvement ho 3-Commenced blocking further ahead where reef shows moro stone No 4-billi shows a grand look Ung reef Inspector of mines had a look at It, and agrees with mc it(wlU load to Fomethiug good Beef liebig a good size will not Uko long to get out a crushing of 00 toils. Work done for Um week -No 1 crosscut extended 4ft, No 8 tunnel extended 5ft, total, 170ft, broko out 4 tons No 4, 20 tons now in ) ad dock burvo)cd track and partly mario I tin QiiFRN s BiiiTHDA., Malmsbur), Jan l8.-L\tended south drive at 100ft level 1011, total lTOIt Stoplng ?over this lovel, stono lu slopes looking I liri) well "Started to drive eastern crosscut at this level, which Is In a nlco slate countr) At 150ft luvet south total U2ft, rino up 4.fe, 6touo at this lovol showing nlco l.otri On western reel am driving north. stone lSln thick This stono show s line cold in brea! Ing down Am stowing this stono below for trial crushing BURR, Brokon hill, Jan l8-Just cut lodo In lSlu (Carr)Ing f.ood galena, looking vary well, taken samples Telegraph result soon as tried BKFORM, Haddon, Jan 10- Meld wook 78oz 12dwt \U -Nintingbool La Ute 15o7 ludvvt, No. Ü Crown Lands, «SÛT- Vdvvk.No 5 1402. lOdvvt BocttWRiL Au.LOAMATKt. Broken hill Jan 12. Added 12ft Oin to abaft, total, 71ft Going down In lodo formation In i.rcitl) disturbed countrv and ir regular walls, ODO day vortical aud uext with rapid Underlie BISINU Sus, Brolccn hill. Jan 14 -Lodo in south ilrlv e «how ing great improv cmcut in «Izo and qunlitv 2ft, wide containing patches of brown and dark gossan ore, drivo extended 5ft Oin Drivo off cross cut connecting tim two slialts extended Mt north Ibo xuin in this drive produces good patches of galena «re mixed with freo concentrating quartz. U Li i NO SUN NORTH Brut eu hill, Jan 12.-Progress hi on ou account of hard nature ol ground and holt ila) s llave gone thro ut, h several hrniichos of t,ood looking quartz stony stuff Ground easier, conee quentl) shall make better headway BowAii HLHTLKRS Saudliufst Jan 10-TliBwluze At 1,050ft level has been sunk 7ft, total, ¿O'L «round sandstone nu I quartz In tho bottom. lhere is a slide coming lu from the cast. uudort)lug west lUst.va SUN KXTWI'ID Broken hill Jan 14 -North drivo oxtemi-d MU, at present loo) ? better than at mi) part driven through sitico starting same Looe near!) 3ft wide coutahilng patches of galena and «carbonateof lead South drivo exteuded Jft with cue shift, lode ploched very small IWiRV Broken hill Jan 14-Crosscut, total 55ft . vat cr making hi face k-£pcct to cut lodo in 4ft or \ fcft Boih OK DRítUAtuf, Sandhurst Jan 10 -Crushed 140 loads quartz jlol line SSoz, bdwt gold, treated 7 loads p)rlloi )lclrilng2..oz lldvvt gold South level 3rum bottom ot winze driven Sft total _Glt. North level, total 14ft , stouo still broken up South wluzo irom 1 052ft lovel sunk ir ft stone «ho« s gold Bot NU mt L, Broken hill, Jan 14-Main shaft full .depth 213ft Started to timber ti) Northern Ulocks -Mta't, tout filft Oin At this depth ob taincd fine »upnly good well water which can at an) tune bo considerably Inonased by n little further funkln», but ttiero being sufficient for our present purpose It w ill no v be allow ed to remain SIKRDWRLL Ballarat Jan 11 - Crushed DO tons irom No, 4 uolng south, which )ttlded20oz. Sdvvt Am forming tributo \ artlos to work north end of Hiiuo t-itd belluvo they will bo n bourcc of revenue to the companv No 1 tribute part) nt íto 4 ero re , tiairhi^ uuiti drive nnd will be sending stono to tho litt ty this uoinlng week No 1 tribute at No, G ate contlnulnc our old stupe«, and uro sending up stone lor trlil I w lil lot some more blocks as opportunity li re se nts Itself SvuRNtiAU Dunolly Jan 17-North drive, 200ft lovol total 472ft from air shaft reef oponed out vlurlng fortnight to about -bin thick, with gold to be fceun ki solid quartz No 3 trlbuters have driven ii It south from No .winze reef now showing fair loll Leading stope commenced and a larger quin tit) of stone will be sont to tho batter) No 1 trlbuters hnve 2-> tons nt (.riss CrushinM will ho ?commence 1 on 1 ri lav morning SLUXNI»B ANpbtt ICUMVNH atnvvcll Tan 10-Sunl (ft total 45JU orfcJft lelow J 0ft lev et Loutitt) lillie schkt Intermixed with quxrU leidtrs tilpilly luliiern Iked bitvKit KINO Silurton Tan 1" -Operations af 5 rcnpccthiK 1 vols Us ontlmn 1 cons q lent upon the vtkturbed mateo' countr) irohll Unit, tell f In CNI« lenco of riethic* lote until greater depth rcichcd Oro nt levels referred to oec sionatlv Uni met with in latches fit) ii followed for explontlvo purp >se« until ottalnit L o\l leuce tn justify ontliv attciilant uu tcntianuit work Advkibllitv ot Hitit lui. in li Wiall to water level tirut 1 t) mining, minnel r an I 'lils recommen latlon adopti 1 lustru lions latued to proceed ImmctUtulv siuktuM \ tilt threo shllu will 1 e I ruceeried w Itti mid h> u| \ unrances \ resent- I at ivntor Icvol Hiibsciiuont oj irvtlomi will bt govmicri StL\ Fit CKFIOKNT l'nol II ISTAKV Bro| e» lull JAM. 1Î -At 170ft level «ruyuut vv hen in lOtt i asuod throuuh nsoltUucvu similar to thxt met witt nt 120ft It la Jt «Ide composo 1 of pi) eel i) und decouq osed mlti Ihun 4ft of vcrv hardrock tiighlv minor vlked then mother «eft (lucan mid th u tilt quartzite thruttiJi which we are si II driving Intend to continue ero» cut, alto to drive weht on tho flu can as being the uukkcit methul ol provht, M euiirso o' the lode Xho \ ictorlA Cross Compati) Utw o tukcu utctrly all our »»alor, nntl this faot speaks lor Itself By Telegraph, Jan I) -Dri» cn lit Gin , still In quarts hr-Riso _toit raisin; quartz from No 2 shaft, stono showing cold »\ olia» eugood pile of quartz on tho surface which is beim: sent to the battery 1 xca»atmg sandpits. Dam Is lull ot »rater It is intended to start ma ehtnery on Clth Inst bourns 1> ""A, I'allarat, Tan 10 - 31Stons»!oMed lr9o" 14d\»t Mino looking ver» »veil New »»hiding hear shaft is norklng satisfaotorll» MHvNANnniit, Sandhurst, Jan lu - Sunl 13lt., total from plat «tilt, and Irom surface 1 850ft also tim bert- 10ft, {.round »cry hird sandstone Centro country »vinre lias bcon sunk 1-ft total Irom 1,810ft crosscut 114ft. also timbered -Oft In bottom of »vittzc ha» o | assetl through »i hat appears to bo the cast le; of a reef, stono 7ft thick In western end, and Jit thlok in eastern end of wlnro nicely intermixed with minerals but no gold seen y cr bippotrc TRIHI TP AND HO 1 NORTH Sandhurst, Tan 17 -The Joint 860ft, « est crosscut extended fifr, total 215ft all slato in face non Have touched another seam of quartz un lerlj Ing west ST Jlc'vno, Sandhurst Jon IO -790 tons yielded HOoz. 14d»vt, mid S-tons pi rites ga»o 77oz. 0d»vt, total lulo? ld»vt plat sets Invo been put In at 1,1-Uft, Hat sheets and rails laid don n and crosscut cast dr!» cn 4ft., total l^lt , crosscut »»ost extended Jit, total Holt , loio] north at 1 Oroft extended lit, total 61fr , level south extended 10/t, total 75ft , started »vinro from 0 tOit, and sunk Sit Slims Um», White Hills, Jan 10 - Repairing drhesund atopes, nhlch is no» completed contracts lot for drhing No 4 level south and No 5 lc»cl south No 4 dri» en 2111. for five days, total 2721t,, reef tin, uni showing (.otu No ii driven Uft, for lour dies, total 2ö0le , reef in this drI»o rithcr small heoplngttie water nlth greatest ol cas«, about al\ strokes per minute SIDOWA, haglchunk Ian 10-139 loads yielded 20o_ l«dwt this lue tides7oz '?dut from tributers , three loads ol pyrites treated >leldcj Coz 4d»»t, total J2oz 2il»»t _r I'AitsTiv Tasmania, Jan 10-Continuing Gltikin? In shalt li» sido ol lodo, »»hielt hits ciory ap pearauco of makinir stronger as no LO donn, and still looks nell btartcd open outtintr nt point neoe«s»ry to ooninieno» drhing tunnel »»liich I shall begin irltcn tho miners you are sending; over arrlvo (By Telegraph).-Men turi»ed snfolj 'Se-ivsiAS C01SOL9, llallarat Jan 10-Trlbuters ovtended »»est crosscut betneen __>lf_, and JJlIt levels loft, in very pood country Cut threu flat loaders worked so pro I lui Wy bj former tributen lu upper le» els Opened out north and south on thom, and getting out crushing West crosscut at 3Jlft le»c1 extended 2ft In ti.ht countr». STAR o» TUP * AST llallarat, Jan IS.-No 1 Shalt, 1 6-OIc le»el-V»cstorn crosscut to Intersect lodo rapid)} ad»auclng, made 25tt, distant from shift, 147ft l,420lt-o»cl-_outh Urlioon tho course ol the lode timen 7ft, no»» distant from crosscut 100ft Lode-it Out and of fairly good quatity North dril e samelciel citcrded 1211, total Irom crosscut 4O0It Lode 2lt, din , and gold to be seen lu lho stone btopes both north nnd sonlh wearing; n good appear ance 1,300ft _ctcl(Band ontt)-Addcd Sit to dentil of »»inzo , total, ulift, and pasting through stono ol pay tibio qunllt». Ititenncdiato level drlicn 101c., foul, Teilt. I odo Sit (.old shoivlnir froily through out Mopes lolloiilng drive in fairly good stone No 2 Shalt-0ft added to depth total from surface, 053 t OOOIt Lovel-M cstcru crosscut adianced 10ft, now distant Irom shalt H Mt 7s0!t Lo» c1-Driven 00ft, faco distant from crosscut, l.Oibft btopes showing a fair amount of stono and minera Cleaned up for the fortnl-lit from-No 1 shalt 4_> tons for 4U5oz.0dnt, No 2 ehaft,3e& tons for 24So_, and from Band end 220 tons for 107oz Odllt lügr , total, 1,01*4 toi a for 6500Z. 12lwt 12,-r SIR HPMti I.ucll Ledan, Jau 10-Malu drive south at 'JtlJIt lei c1 drucn lMt Lodo in most ol stone laces at»»ork Increased In thickness and othcriilso maintains Its usual appcaranco throughout I lxmg of drawl fe Is completed, all »tater pumped out of shalt and maning ol chamber nt ue»v lo» c1 com nieticcd Amalgam obtained for neck is 170o_ IJat* tor» »»ill bo olcttied upon Tuckia) bMP»TOX llEnrmp UMTPD, biucaton, Jan IS Cutting out bob beam pit, »thlch Is principally In roMt lorniatlon Uno half new hub beam uas oast at Union íoundry ou Thunda» last, tho weicht of which is nearly 10 tons, and other hall »» 111 bo cast on Thursiay next feiiuutocK Sandhurst Jan 10- Sunk 15lt total 1 800't Irom surface A largo plat has been started at l,7b0lt limo opened out on the cost sido 15ft, this, no expect, »»111 oo completed during the coming fortiii_lit as nell as putting in opening set, fixing penthouto aud elstern, when the crosscut to tho reef lilli bo started bcoTCtiiiASs UMTK», "tan oil, Jan 10- Drl»o put In from tnalole»cl ntOiOtt driven 7ft, total 170ft Traek bctireen 5lt and ait »vldo, with tno good »»alls country contains a great deal of quartz mixed with the mullock, and on tho foot»» all a slab olbtouo is coming in SOUTH Slrt,iromi\r RocM»rr,t, Brokon hill, Jan 12 -Malu shale dot»n 7uit Mater proiln^ too stromr contrnct suspended, anti men put on to e\tond south drive from No 2 shaft »»here some good oro »»is tot, prior to starting iniin shalt Jills »»ill be continued pending erection of »»hiding plant, »vhlcli is no»» on tim cround, and »lill bo erected in the eouree of a fortnight bOLTii UBI ov, Itushworth Jan 1_-Stoplii- at ti ateríate) continued fair "old shotting, reef loin tli'cl Shalt on Hen lease donn bolt in good countr} ..oom Curo» EiTi-tn.o, Clunes, Jan IS- North cast drive extended loft through slate und sand stone total a; lit South drlie, total 08ft, still lu strong s ludston« butru -TAR, Sebastopol, Jan 10 -Sunk Olt, total 050(t Kow donn loit In No 4 plunger chamber bniall quartz »ellis still being mot »ith in sinking ".OLTii Nu»! CHUM I TTKIOEU, sandhurst, Jan 10 - Crosscut »test at 100ft from surfaco has bcon dri»en 12ft total, -Ort , ground hard sandstone. bot TU Am r\ runt:, Sandhurst, Jan 10-Sunk main shaft Sit, from surfaco 27'ifC, timbered "ft. -OiTit ST ilvsao, Sauilhurst Jan 10 -Extended Intermediate Icvol botwocn 910IL mid Boult le»els, 52ft from south ii lnzo , hal o also been breaking oi cr to the »voit to prospect spurs, »t liich aro a Uno bo 1}, carr» ing gold In old stones, abo» o the 4101t. laid, ha»e been working north and south lu tho spurs, but there Is a great deal of tnulloek to turn o»er for lory little quartz. At 850lt there is an improiement In tho stopes, as the last tito uorkod fcho»vntoro gold Til Ing stono out lilt »»Ide, It seems to get wider as wo rise It is all mai len ground from here up to tho OOOIt lovel 2SU loads » Icldcd 700- ldn-e -omi Ioxo XIANPI,, nulli,Ila, Jan 17- Changólo couutry slate and cuan , driven Sft lor the neck, totalr Jit SoeTM Nr» CHUM, Sandhurst, Jan IS.-Main shaft sunk 21ft belo»v plat Next neck »till orect penthouse and put on tnrco shifts. No. 2 shaft has oeon sunk 27ft for tho fortnight, total depth trat, and timbered 23ft Ihc stopes, on tho »»hole, are looking bettor htopa oior tho end of wuth level slions a lillie (.old, is hl"hr> uiiiicralisod, and looks promising Work »lill be delayed for few days in coiiBCquonce of an accidont to machinen Crushed lor nee- ISO loads for Osoz. amalgam, retorting 4Soz. lOdnt SOUTH LKICII »roi, W ood s Point, Jan 12 -Ttmoel 181ft, Into nice slato countr}, which looking highly promising for quartz, Uko appearauco of country \ cry much SOUTH MONS Siro Harriot!Hie, Jan la-Ioiel on Uno of reef 20ft for last nina da» s, or total 70ft from tunnel Strata trono through constantly chauuln^, so thit ne ina», shortli cut ¿tri! a ol e.old nhlch Is dipping ton ards us. Tlicro is little _old to bo seen on tho foot« al I. botni 1 LATPJIU, Sebastopol, Jan 10 -Opening out shalt and putting In chambarwest, nhlch Is ucarly comiiletcd U ork In both east and south drli cs n ill be resumed in a day or taro Sol ni rniNiB HIOPVT, Llallarat, Jan 10 -Trlbuters obtained 40- 4dnt 12gr from lo tons Haie another 10 tons ready lor battery t-ontrictors at 400tt levi 1 drl»en 14ft btlll lu sandstone, »vhlch norks »veil with ponder, faeo of drlie being quite dry bourn llkLLi;» vu. Sandhurst, Jan 10 - II est cross out at 1,035ft loi el ».tended lOJIt, total Sijft, ground sandstono and slate base crosscut at same level extended 10ft, total 32}ft, ground sandstone, with quantité of »vator coming out SlOIt crosscut extended Ult, total 411' Whuo Irom gdOlt leiol sunk Olt, total 12(t, stono getting smaller, aud of uloo nppcarauce, but does not sho»» any told SOUTH LORDU IÍRA, Tuena, Jan 16- bouth drlie, Ko 1 tunnel, C2ft Shot away eastern side of south -rho to get truck road to tihoru I obtained good samples of ora, this »iori, being non completed, nui pushing this driio south on courso ol Lalena, veins of nhlch thorn aro sol eral non thouin), In faeo of drive Assay roportson tno «amples submitted, No 1 yield lug _Ioz siller, No 2 yielding Hoz 14dvtt. sllvor from a \ oin Sft »vest of that carry lug the galena, also tibout l_ft north from No 1 sample As this drlie extended south i ein« of Lalena become moro nuuto rous. Started drlie north from »halt to this tunnel about 301t bcloiv surlaco No 2 lunnel-165lt to face, countr) continues to carry n dcil of mineral SOUTH CosaitoiL, Urokeu hill, Jun. 12,-bunk Olt total Hilt. Shall resume driving crosscut next ivcok, alto finish Milking the Mell hole, and oom menee timbering tho shaft sot TU MrtDutRNt. Ilochitzit,, Broken hill, Jan 11. -Shalt Is now down mit, »»hieb is »later leiol, but quautlt) at protoitt does not Interfere with tho sink* Un Anoiu, N/-, Jan 7 -Storied work onnator jacket, furnace, building, and iraino aro uoiv up lle|ialrlng and rcuonslructittg tho old tailings plant ilulldlng for now bost-pana about oom pletud. üld 40 head battery will be completo! about end of month, and 14 concentrators n 111 bo lu rcadinossbefore that time -argea»Under furuato is In place nail llucd Iloverberatory (urnacu will bo also nearly completed by the and of tho month _»»o rock bankers are in placo but not connected yet, »»III bo read» In about two vrcoks. -ho oro hopper for 20 now stamps is botmr erected All can tracts for e\ca»ating nu»» »vator race aro completed. 1 hure Is still, lioneier, a great deal to bo done on tho noir »»»ter raoo before it Is fie for use. Canadian Itecf, 4501t Tunnel-Crosscut In lift, but not yet ttraok payable oro, YWnze Is bohur sunk an tho Qollsnorth) to Lonncct tha upper nlth tho loner crosscuts Ore In »vlnze, so far, about tho sama as lu oioisuuts. Cannot do much on Nciv 1-ind until ors hoppers aro complote-, nhlch "111 take about 12days »et TillAsunr, Purnamoota N S.W. Jan 14 - Muidlo Shalt-Host crosscut total Silt country »cry hard ijtlle ure» oro and galona «honing occasionall» North east bhilt-North tlriie total 27ft Uoet with patches hematite Ironstone, carry Ing gossin Uri» en north cast underlie 3lt »» es1 bhoot ol lend ore, looking most promising. Iletwcoit Oin nnd bin grey ure aud galena Appears limiting stronger rut It coes dov»u Assays returned-ñooz. 12d»\t, 20o¿ bdnt and 21o«. all» er, and 54 per eent, .1 percent, and 72 per cent load rcspouiiicty per ton li »tiKHANCK, Ballam Jnn 10 - Pipes delli cred, and LOiiticotlons will be mido during coming weak * TAUROUR MAJOR, Sand hurst, Jnn lu -747ft level north driven Olt total 34 It -round in face full ofhPurs, thoevlug uulena anti inutidlc. 7.2(t Inter medlite I e»ol Nortti-trosseut tust Irom here ilriiun Jit total, Jilt Xhe quana Is rising to the cist Unie stirtiil to drlte north here Dri»en loft Quartz shons gold 7*0It le»el ubrlh, betneen tin niitzes. drlieneft tout 20lt Urouutl quartz, slion ing goitt Trlbuters crushed four loads quartz foi lor f mt gold TOOMBON Toombon Jan 10 - JSOIt lei el Tho doiltli dri e, total length -ti.fr 1 he lode Is al out tho sum ni Ith bet» en «alls as last r»i orte I butlhtro Is not HO muth clean stone ns there nae It t-ltll shonsgtll .-Olt I u\el- Crossc.it drhen Jit lota) leiie.lli -.'KI Men Invo leen remoled Irom tile lae al 11 ut on tot rossetti in tho mirth drive at the lo »cr lc»el »there the) hilo tiriten lift In clean countr» lhooentrtitiru ha\ü comnicncetl sluklnn til milt sh lit Auialkiun In m | lutes 50or looviion KxtPMkii loonibc. i Jan 10,-rho south drlie lus been citeiided 411 Oin on the cotuseol the lode lontRR itn Imsosroxi Crcsnlck Jan li)-Sunk 611 Dili cut larfcelod» ol slono eisl side ol shift I tinmine, to hea»j li llu\ ol water hid to tuuporalili Ktisi ntl alni HW lot d iii plh bolt Din Illllng and .Inkim, will no» be ctrrle I on »»Ith nludlng cu"lllc Corni leted erection of machiner» Ilium 1'iomiHAii» li\, Ne»v hnglaiid, lan 15 - Underlie shalt on course 11 tinstone don n 1 Jit Irom junction nlth iortlini and tipper shalt« «cairel» tim lerel '?nine rieh tinstone continues donn thickness ol I »le 1 cine, nb mt 4(1 Juilclng Irani the eli tr icier ul loutit n mir that i cri mue li larwcr and perin) s Mill richer btnllc, of tlnitono nlll bi loun I at nu crest distance nilen the mine Is | ra) crly opt ned UMTrn Umni buiidhurst. Jan 19-Sunk lit, making depth 07lt Irom plat and 007lt (ram sutfacu , ground »erv hard an dstotte and a) ure -liiTim |i«»otsiiiii« baud hurst, Jan 10-lient and spurs In itopesoier J7Mt on west back still show a great amount ol mineral and a llttlo gold SOI tons > Iel led 510/ Mceuen, MilneUmpIc, Jan It -Ilesuuiod norkat mino on 10th hint Slnco then been engaged la) ing down truck road and fixing shoots Start to-day full handed No chango to report In reef, as have not ) ot started to raise quartz Will begin to morrow or following dat VICTOR, AND PANDORA, Sandhurst, Tan 10- Wlnzo from 2 000ft has been eurik 15ft, princlj nil) in sand fitono q(iart7mikiti-r on hanelmrwaH now about lft thiel Lovel mutti on west lei. of reef at 2 100ft ox tended 21ft total 20ft level north extended 5ft , totil 10ft Ihelogin theso levels Is 8ln thick, with spurn running alongside Meron\ LOXISTOU St Arnaud, Jan IS-200ft level cleaned out and timbered up for 20ft from wluzo Old wooden mils taken up and replaced with steel rails from plat into end of level Had ladders put in shaft in cut Li mr down to the 100ft level so ein now come to our work from surface Started driving along 820ft level VKT)R!A J imn FF Woodspoint Tan 10- Engine safel) lowered down rango to machiner) site In- clined tramvviv huitaines «fcc. at battery well atlrnnccd Preparations for commencing levels In tho tunnel almost completed Smithy erecto 1 portion of tram*av towards hopper Ixl 1 Tenders Invited for rialn' to shaft Ml the vvorl s boin,; pushed on as rapldlv as possible, but am dolaved bv «avwers VICTORIAN COPPER, Northampton, W.A., Jan 12. — Nineteen tons of ore shipped to England per Sobraon, and 14 tons are now being shipped to Adelaide. Wi SHORT Cou, NOW Zetland, Not "0-At West port tho output was 11,171 tons. The bir has been very good throughout the month tho mann nvcrngo depth being 19ft 2}ln At Gre) mouth tho output uns 10V210 ton«, lhc prlncipil sharo of tho Gorcrn ment rnilvva) contrict-i for next )car have been secured at satisfactory prices W ATRRi oo Waterloo flat Ian ID -New tribute partv btirted wotk belo» on Monday morning, huton account of having some chanlng up mid repairs to make, no dirt his been w ishcd off as v ct No 2 boro down luff into whit apiears to bo a ver) tl¿ht wash WINOX AND BiRMiNniVM, Slawen, Tan ID-Beef 3ft thick Can rec fair pa)ibIago!d in tile stone bro! en out W 111 clem up on Thursday WVLHAIL. DrPi* I FAD Moondarra, Jan 10 - Good progress made this weel , housing near)) com plotcd , smoko Black erected , now commencing to Uti boiler Win NOT, Eaglehiwk Jan 17 -Mining manager reports for the past fortnight rising up from leOcrobs cut to connoot winze Kxpccts toholo through end of week lhe ground will then be thorouLhJy tested betwemi tho 100ft and loGît levels Still bren Une out stone from tho 100ft Water the sime, and I machiner) working well I WAR DAKCF bitvorton, Jin lr> -Crosscut extended 0ft, and encountered lode formation, which Is 2t Oin wide, and composed or carbonates ot kari, nntl i monlal sliver, and grey ore. Now more than 80ft below tho deepest ground formerly operated upon , 1 country entire!) changed for tho hitter, and Jodc for- mation wearing moro favourable appearance Ap I pcaranccs tunicate crosscut entered into brie forma tion just on edge of distinct shoot of ore going to the | north WB«T LotrotiiH Creswick. Tan 10-The pressure of water hat reduced comidcribl) during the last I few da) s Have low erori it to bael of chamber, and will havu it out of the drives and men below carl) hi I tho week WAI HAT TA* AND TooxiRON UXITPD, Aberfeldy, Jan 15- Wiii7c in lower tunnel sunk 0ft, total, '2tft l I odo dipped south from winze Will start to drive main tunnel a train next week Wums CONSOLS, New South Wales Jan 12.-Bo Ptimcd work hi No labatt which 1. now floft When I 100ft level reached crosscut will be extended on eastern »Ide to cut lode lu No 2 f-hatt lotie now I proveí to lo at käst lJft ullo at depth of 76ft, neither wall harlng)ct been reached, and carries at least 20 tons clean oro per fathom At No 4 ehaft i water baled out and sinking resumed Prospects of mine Improving dall) , as depthJs attained ore im 1 proves in Value W KHLA, Wohin, Jan ID -Had ju.t begun pumping Monda) when firebars gavo wa) Haxo had to send to Ballarat for a now SH , when they irrlvo men will he Immediate!) started at No 1 lexel, and work carried on northcrk with every cuerg) W in xr Bv ipRKFRXO, Euriowie, Jan 14 -Thcnaturo of sinking and qualit) of lode much about the simo as w hen last reported The onk chango being come slate coming from the west nnd underling to the cost towards hanging wall of lode Since striking It itaudricnl) took annndorlay to tho west, but It ma) I nsBumo an ._aster!) underlie again mid provo to bo tho foot wall If It docs I shall follow tho lododovvti on tiró underlie, and ceasu ßinking perpendicular.) Worn INO MINFRB'HoiiFnuin AVOCA Tan is- I Use put up and drive driven east 80ft with boros kept aheid South reef drive extended 42ft, total dis tance from bilanco shaft, 1 070ft Expect to get through to dn) -, »A \ ca Jan IS -Stoning at 350ft level 150ft level for Italian lode driven lift in sandstone countn, interspersed with binall «cams of quartz cftrrvii-ig a tittie gold YOUNO SULIK.MAX, Ballarat, Jan ID-Driven 12ft. Pasied through ono smill vein mid on Friday struck another, which looks vcr) promising Now inwood slatu countr) Distar ce from shaft, IDift YANDOIT GRASD JUNCTION UNIITD, Tan ID-East drive 120ft. from opening last If ft much s tro ne er and coarser wash which I beltevo is pivnble Bottom, however, dipped awoy umier Jewl of drive which will necessitate going baot and cutting up reef for distance ot 50ft This w11! take about a week, i after which wo will bo nblo to commence puddling I Water coming strong from this drive, but hope will soon eise off 