POPULAR S0IENCE PAPERS. SEELNG A GHOST. ET me. A?nDRw awm ox. Ie this matter- of-fact age of oure, there are tobe found, I fancy, few believers in ghosts. The spectre of old wes, to my way of thinoking, rather a flesh-and-blood kind of visitant It was descrlbed as behaving itelf in a deidedlly uorsiblt foshion for the most part, alhongh the reasons for its appearance--part from mystic saosings conveeed to relatres, and sdch like oflres--wsre not alrways to be regaredr as of common sense nature. Still, I suppose ghosts of old, were facts to our forefathers. They peopled that world of the imagination, which, for many persons en n our own day., horers on the world of waking life, and on the stern realitties of existenee. In the olden times, neiene, besides, was by no means of an ad eureol natnore Indeed, in so faras the deis of the nervous system were eoncerned, science might be said to Lhae scaiccly been born half a entary or so gone by' To-day. the ghost has mostly gone ths wnot of oel-wetl, it would hardly sffice to say " lesh ;" but it certainly sepiscntas an ides which has largely vanbhed from sober Iuman afairs ; dispelled like the morning elouds by the light of the coming tny. Scence has exoreised the ghosts and spectres of the lat int!o a nothicgcess on the one hand, oaiel? __ the ether bahd, she has elcat;t the atdy of spectral iluasionsioonto a romntolat fascinating hera:hof miod-philboophy. It may therefore Le interesting, if we endeavour to arioens, as plalnly anl exactly as may be psa -hb!e, what eciencc has to say on the subjet of rhosts and ghost-ein. - The Llein?aig at tLe study is really found n a knowledge of how we" see anl ear, and =crcse cur reases at large. When our eyes light on an o'ject, we really see it, ?io. oit. the o.gan of sight, Lut with the brain. fereng, like hcrinc , or any other sensory work, after elo iso nid and d ne, is t:lly a work of the rdind t; Lhe o??,lz of what wc see, is tle t h'ct or c: iutelecaiole r?ei:, liyo aod car merely supply dtoils on which the mind acts rnd forms its judgments; and, be it remarked, these jndgments are often great mistakes and ebvicus failures. The eye thus plajs the part of a "r'eeiving cice" fec the brain. It re triav? the r?s oft light whilh 1pso through its rupi; nd IEtotodge epos ifs l?neos It msdifies it:;es ligt-rrys ; parcels ard assoits thdia out, and fits them for travelling along the optic nerve (or that of -ight) to the tart of the brain which roles and regulates the setre in questicn. The elooe approachI to a kind of ocular photograplhy So-hlch takes place in the porple-colour of the eye, thus shors us that socing is first of all a ,aitert ofc!olllti:n, fixing, and transmitting ,;iet?ieerf thi-sg, that thee? oeiinres inturnare tent, in one shaoy dr aroo btihar,- ft the ba. It is only when the "smenlion" of sight, 3s we term it, las een receired and registered in and by the brain, that we really can he aild to "'ce." With t:h ear, the case is identical. \'aes of sound are asoerted, tested, and finally mcdified, so that the ralin-ratsa whitc deal with hoaring may determine thiir true nature. When aw listen to an orchestral symphony, the mnltitu-le of harmoi is only anppeciated eh'n the .iin'l2 norkin lecaring has teen duly irfeormcd ; and how intricate that work, and also the labour of the car, ustt bei may be tetter in:o ined than deseriecd ;.o- if, o s I have shoan, there is a per octual pars-ge of mes- ges or censations from rye, car, and other senseeorgans, inwards to the brain, giving rise to the consciousness of things eal;r flt. a flt. no so fart!, it is none the 0c' i ect, that oecasionatiy this process is icreered. Sc atiots of sight and sound and smell and taste, are known to be cllabce of being sent outwanlds instead of inards. In elace of theoe sensations or messages eoming .r~m the on!er world to the brain, they may come back from ti? brain, alorg the nerves of ren;, to ye, ear, nase. or ton;e. It is if thse bain 1ad .hers- er cf pcrojetig fotwar-ds thle tne?s- s it once received from the outside oirld. PerLaps it may actcrlly originato sueh fevriced mes--ges or sentatiots; hut it is oafer to mc me that the common atei of things repre scnts the rev erion of mesaocs originallyreceived from the outside. What, it may be ?aled, is the elect upon the aee and car of these re F:rnel rcenstions? I reply, they produce in the indivi;odl whl? is othe ulject of them sen atioat. of sice :t and hcuaing. TLe person eeF" of "lreatrs "-toati i, imagines he sees hr hacs-- thinbs and soerds which hare no oxitence oatuide hLimaself. This is what seience alis sabjcrteei scnattiou ; and this is how the "ghosts" of our daily life are rais:d. trtmplo ril! illctasato the ntattlr more inwserf.ofi a Ih r oeceprt. then .!achetL hsee aug'ger before him, the weapon is beheld in his "mini's ce," to quote the words of ~nother Shakespercan hero. He sees the dagger ;to others it is invisible. It is a "eoin age of his brain" to put the matter poetically; it i saoubjective sensation, to put it ocientifi rally; it is the "ghost" of a dar~pr, to put it practically. If we analyse out laeletih's case, wr should simply sy, the tension of an over terodght bLain has prodnced in those parts of the brain devoted to tight - regulation, a powerful form of irritation. This irritability, taking the fm of a an allucion to the murder o?1? intent regarding Duncan, has projected from MIehbeths br.in along his nerve of sight to the retina (or nervous network of his ere) the image of adagger. Once receivred by the eye, the senoation raises the "ghost" of a dlagger, ai-t the whole proeess we see begins cad ends cith the erratic working of the brain. One need not fly, however, to dramatic stories for examp!es of ghost-seeing of the most realistio kind. One, Nieolai of oerlis, a well-known hooksaller, related to the Royal Society of that city, at the end of last century, a full and circumstantial account of the crowds of ghosts which appeared to him, and which, moreover, conversed with him. loe had been troubled and weorscl over domeatic matters, and had fallen into a low slate of health. This, by the way, is the unalm begnning of ghost-seeing. Weakness of body, in ether words, induces erratic action of brain. licolai saw spectres in his ,cdmroom ly the dozen. They seated themselves in his chacir and accompanied him in his walas. He described their dress and appearance to his friends; but knew, like a oensible man, that they were only the coinages of thi disordered Lmin. Then the ghaosts??.n to talk, sometimes to each other and sometimes to him. An illusion of hearing thus followed an illusion of sight. Secnsations of rounds were reecrscd in the brain and sect to the oer, just as the secsations of sight had been previously reversed. Then fNicolai had himself bled, as was the fashien in those days. During the poeration, he tell usn, the crowd of ghots grce lurnned and indistinct. The voices no longer sounded in his car; anl finally the spectres faded asway into nothingnce, and he was not again visited by them. The bleediog had eei dently rectored the balance of his nervous -yetern, and .od eeorcised the ghosts, simply by :rerenting the broan's projection fcrwards of the images of things seen and heard or eren imagined. IN.clai's ase is far from being eithersingular or solitary. There are mrnoy eases of ghost ?ecing on record, all psrtaking, however, of the character of Nicolai's experience. There is a history of ili- health, then an netont of ghosts teing seen, and finalily, a disappearance of the spe'tes wiaen health is restored. The shjoets af therose illusions to which I refer were, how ever, sensible persons. They recogdized that the ghosts had no oxistence outside themselves. They bmrought the common sense and eidence eof other people to bear on the factthatthe speetres were simply the creations of an niling brain. But let us suppos the se of a nsupertitous or igenont person. Here the ghost would be coited with a veritable existenee. Its appar anrc would habe chronicled, and if we farther imagine that, through mere eoincidence, "some. thing happened " to the ghost-seer orhis familyt, oe fd asl thio elementas o a spmrnaral riisio tion in what is only a mere fresh of the brhsi. Ocemayo oruo agheostis" to a reryommoo. falaee leorl indeed, hy referring to oee of the must familiar of erents. a blow on the eye eomousatos 'mse sissa;" end eme irritation of I~rin, or even of the car itself, uesoos to hear sounds of bels. Now thhe flashes of light and the rineng in the ears, we know hare no existence outside our oawn personality. They are the "ghosts" of sights an o oodnts, to pet the matter plainly. They reprent the "euhb jetive sreoetions" of the man of mcies-e; jest as after al bow on the herd, a patient is eome timr troubld by a bad odeonr or a disogrecable taste, neither of which sen~tions arise from aose or mooth, but come entireliy from thoro meenar? meges nf the brhio. It is on such gronds that sience lys the " ghost" of the oast; as it dissiplates in an equally forcile fashion, Ohs portents, omens, and other moper stitions of the tay, tad the bad dreams aod urrtoward visions of the night A WWcLts-oowr Englhshwomno has eomo to the ronelamion thatlthe werks of Iyrot, Shelley and Keats are not suffiiently studied by her own seax, and she has eetapart a eonsiderable sum of money, whirl, when judicionaly in ersted, will prodae a shstantiai lucnse that is to hdseveoed to psisz for mseey on the weorks of thoae poets. Trastees have been oap pointedl to adminioter this fhund. 