novelist. The Midnight Prophecy OR TUE HEIR OF STRATHSPEY TOWERS. Hi/ Emma Garrison Jones. CHAPTER LVJI. — (Continued.) .'Now, seo here, wliafc'e tho use of sticking it out 1 You can't help yourself. You tiro wholly at illy mercy.' I've told the poople here'— with a brutal laugh— ' that you are crazy, an cscaped lunatic, and if you batter the windows down they'll only think you crazier, don't you Bee. You enn't escape. Come now, lot's go and get married peacefully, and be good friends all the rest of our days.' iie aroso ana maao an attempt to take lierhnnd, but she repelled him with a gesture. 41 Lord Strathspey,' her -young voice ringing like a trumpot, 'I shall never be your wife ! You may drag mo to the altar, but I'll denounce and defy you there ns I do horo !'' lie watched her a moment, tho old, dangerous look coming back to his eyes. ?'Very, well,' ha replied then, in the quiot tone he always used whon he was ?much moved, 'have it your own way. . -You'll see whothor you'll hold out or not when I get you in tho quartors I've pre pared for you. We'll see.' Ho turned and strode from the room, his face white with anger, nnd locked the door after hiin. Maggie sat by tho window, gazing down into tho dingy yard below, and ..pondering on what Lord Strathspey had said. The poople at the inu regarded ? her as an escaped lunatic — that explained at once the peculiar conduct of the land lady. The young nobleman liad Bpokon advisedly when lio said Bho was utterly in his power She was, and without ono single hopo of eacape. Thinking it all over, Maggie's brave heart failed her, and dropping hor bright head forward on the window-sill, she sobbed, in her impotent (leBpair, like a child. But hor grief was more for her old father's sake than for . her own. ? Tho long, dreamy Bummer day went slowly by. ? It seemed ail etornity to poor Magaie, pacing 'up and down hor- bare prison- in frantic impatience. Butatlast it camo to an end ; tho' sun wont down behind tho Scottish hills, tho purple twilight fell, and tho groat white stars camo flushing out in tho opal sky liko un set diamonds. - , Once.again her prison door was opened, and tho young lord entered. ' Come,' ho said, quietly, unfolding a parcel containing a Bhawl and hat, 'get . these on ; we aro going now.' Maggie paid no heed to his command. ' Will ycu go quietly ?' ho continued. ' I wiBh yon would, but i£ you like to bo itubhorn, there's nothing to hinder. You leo this,' he added, produoing a small, transparent vial, and holding it before hor eyos ; ' one single sniff at it will make rou as gentle as a lamb, and there are plenty to help mo carry you down. Take four choice at once. Will you go quietly or not 1' She arose without n word, nnd put on the shawl and hat. There was nothing to bo gained by resisting, with that deadly drug before her eyes. Tlie young mnn took her hand, and drew it through his , arm, and they descended to tlio public parlor of ' The Lion and tho Unicorn.' ' The' landlord and his wifo and 0110 01- two guesta were present, nnd the whole of them arose at once, and stood ready to de camp in base of any violent manifestations; Maggie had thought to appeal to them for help, but seeing thoir winka, and nods, ?nd significant glances, sho refrained. .* ? They believed her to bo mail, and would not give ear to anything alio paid. v . She suffered Lord Strathspoy . to lead jher out to the tavern porch. There was n . closed carriago in watting a few yards Iroui the steps, and half a dozen boys and lien loitered around, looking' on with otiriouB inBolonco. Tlio poor girl's cheeks tingled with outraged prido and ungcr, and she wont to thocarriage door in utter silonce. At tho very instant that hor foot touchod tho step, and tho young lord was hurrying her in, tho lioraos shied and plungod forward, throwing hor back with Borne violenco. ' Take caro, madam,' criod a young man, who had just como up from anothor direction. ' Allow mo to help you.' Ho caught her before sho foil, and drew hor back a atop or two, while the horses woro being restrained. Jlaggio turned tho moment sho recovered from the shock, and looked at 'him, and in the summor duBk sho saw something in his handsome, blondo faco that inspired her with confidence. Swiftor than thought — for Lord Strathspey wan approaching rapidly, whilo the stable-boy hold the horses— sho grasped his arm with both hor slondor hands, and raised hor lovoly eyes to his face. 'Oh, sir, for Heaven's sako help mo,' sho implored ; ' that man ia tho Earl of Strathspey's Bon, and ho is foroing mo from home and friends — savo mo — help mo I' Tho young lord riiBhed up, with a bitter oath. 'She's a lunati.e— don't heed her,' I10 cried, hotly, too hotly, iu struck tho calm young' stranger. 'Oomo on — como, I say.' Ho drew her to the carriago door, nnd lifted her in by main foroe, springing after her, with astonishing rapidity. Maggio struggled from liis grasp, and suc ceeded in reaching tho window. 'Oh, sir, savo mo — savo mol' slio cried, in imploring accents. ' Who is alio ?' demanded tho young man of tho landlord, aB tho carriage whirled away. 'A mad woman, as ho told ye; she 'scaped, an' ho he taken hor back — she's apurtyyoung thing.' Tlio stranger saunteredoff in the deepen ing twilight, his riflo swung across his stalwart sliouldors, and a short hunting knife in his belt. ' I don't believe it,' ho murmured, his blue eyes brooding and serious ; ' there was 110 madness in hor faco ! Hoavons, what a faco it was ! Like ono of Raphael's Madonnas. I'vo half a mind to follow her, and unravel this mystery, By Jove, I will.' And ho shot off through the purple gloom, with the speed of an antelope. CHAPTER LVIII. TBE BORDER WATCH TOWER. Away up on the bleakest and wildest portion of the North country coast, there stood, at tho time of our story, a pile of gray old ruins, known by tho name of. tbo Border Watch Tower, because of a tall turrot or tower, which loomed up above tho main structure, and from which, in days gone by, the border warriors were wont to rcconnoiter the movements of their enemy. Tho surrounding country was very bloak and desolate, and the old castle, with its ruined drawbridge, and staguant moat, and crumbling battle ments, was perhaps tho dreariest and most uncanny old place within the length and breadth of England. For ages it has been utterly desorted, save by tho bats and owls, and the ghosts of tho mailod warriors, who used to hold thoir nightly revels in its spacious halls. On ono side, its cray and mouldy parapets looked down into tlio sullen waters of Solway Firth, and on the other hand, outstretched a blighted heath, utterlysterile aud verduroless, dotted hero and there with dwarfod oaks and black thorn bushes, and bounded bj a lodge of wild, rocky cliffs. Under tho base of these oxteudod a gloomy cave, known among tho peasants ns tho ' Hermit's Cave,' and inhabited, so thoy asserted, by awierd old man, with fiery eyes and flowing beard, whose life, liko that of the Wandoring Jew, was endless j and who possessed, moreover, tho ubiquity of Asmodeus ; appearing under tho shadow of the black thornB at ono moment, and away up on the beetling summit of the bald cliffs in the next. In tho dead of night, tho Bamo night on which our last chapter closed, a carriage rolled rapidly up tho broad avonue that led to this grim old Watch Tower. The immense gates stood wide opon, as they had been standing, no doubt, for half a dozen years ; and the carriago drove in, and over the mouldy flag-stonos, up to tho front entrance. The driver leaped from his box, and throw open tho carriago door. He was a tall, dark man, with an ugly face, and a dark scar like a sabre cut across his right temple. ' Horo we aro, my lord,' ho said. Lord Angus put hiB head out and looked about him. 'Dark as a dungeon,' I10 ejaculated, with a slight shuddor, as his eyes roved ovor the great gray pile of ruins, looming up boforo him in tho summer starlight. ?' S'pos-vvou run up and knock, Berket, and bo suro you're all right.' ' ' _ Tho man ascended tho long flight of stono stops, which led to an arched door way, and proceeded to pound lustily. At first, only tho bat3 and owls, stavtlod from thoir roosts, made any sound in responso. Ho knocked 'gain, with the loaded end of his whip, till tho empty halls within rang with the sound. Ten minutes passed, nnd thon a sound of footsteps echoed within, and presently, after a great clatter of bolts and bara, tho massive doors swung cautiously opon, and tho dried and wrinkled faco of an old womau looked out. ' Wha's that 1' she denmndod in strong Scotch acconts, ono hand on tho door, and tho other ou tho head of an immense blood-hound, that crouched at hor side, with blood-Bhot oyes, and red, half-open jaws. 'Mo, Mother OJw'nnoth, me, to be BureJ' ciiod Borket ; ' tho day o' judg ment might comoj-nn' ye'd never know. Why, I've boon poundin' horo an hour.' 'I beam ye,' responded tho old woman. ' Bo the young laird coom ?' Borket nodded as ho turned and ran down tho steps. 'All right, yer lordship;' he called at the door of the carriage; Lord Angus leaped out with Maggio in his arms. Tho poor girl had givon over resistance. The sight of the driver's wicked face, aud of tho grim and ghostly old building, awed her into silent obodienoo. Her face waB as whito as the young moonlight that began to shimmer 011 tho Scottish peaks, and hor oyes wore a solemn startled expression. If Heaven did not interpose and eave hor, she waa lost. . Tho young man sot her foot upon tho muddy llng-stoncs, and drawing hor hand through his arm, led hor along by his side. Thoy ascended the steps and approached tho door, whoro tho old woman awaited them with a dim lantorn in hor hand. At sight of thom, the blood hound uttorod a terriblo growl, and moved stoalthily forward. 'D0011, yo brute — doon this minuit I' commanded tho old woman. Ho cowored back in an instant, and tho old womau came forward, lior loadon eyes lighting at tho sight of Lord Strathspey's face, ' I dinna be sure it was yor lairdship,' sho said, watching him with a curious, eager look, nnd touching his arm with hor withered hand ; ' but I know it's yornol' now. Yer a, braw lad now. 'Tis mony a year sinco mo auld oyes had sight of ye. A braw young laird ye bo.' Lord Angus shook off hor hand with an oath, b taring at her in amazement. ' Hush your gibber, will you?' I10 cried, harshly. ' Do you moan to keep mo out j horo all night ?' I The old creature hurried back, allow ing him to pass in, with a look of pain and disappointment in her leaden oyos like that wo ofton see in dumb animals. ' Tho young leddy's room bo all ready,' sho said, humbly. ' Will yo go right up now, or ? ' - ' Right up now,' interrupted tho young' poor. 'Load tho way.' Sho obeyed in silonce, going bofore thom up the great oaken staircaBO, tho blood-hound crouching along at hor heels. Sho paused midway tho great hall that ran from tho head of tho stairs, botween two rows of chambers that had once boon very grand and stately, and taking a key from her pocket, unlocked and opened ono of tho carved oaken doors. _ Lord Strathspoy, with Maggio on his arm, followed hor into a largo and handsome apartmont. In its day, this old state chamber had been a magnificent ono, but now tho tapestry was faded and moth eaten, rats burrowed behind tho carved wainscot, and tho bronze candlesticks and ornaments on tho marble mantel wore green with mould. Tho rich furniture, too, of an antique Btylo, was sadly decayed and faded, and tho great Turkish rug in the centre of tho floor sent up little puffB of dust at every toueli of thoir foet. Tho solitary candle that burned on tho mantel throw a dim and ghostly light into tlio distant cornets of tho vast room, whoro an immenso bed uproared itself liko a mountain, all draped with faded velvet, and barely disclosed tho dim por traits of some doad-and-gone race that adorned tho walls. A ltogother it was aB dreary and tomb like a chamber aa ono can possibly imagine. Lord Angus led his lovely young prisoner into this haunted old state cliambor and seated her, with a bow of mocking gallantry, on tho volvet couch that filled ono corticr. Then I10 turned to tho old woman that stood just within the doorway, hor eyes following him with that curious, eager look. ' Give 1110 the key,' ho said, roughly, ' and take yourself off. I can find my way down.' Sho obeyod without a word, and with tho key in his hand tho young man turnod to Mnggio. ' You believe mo now ?' he began, his evil oyos flashing with triumph; 'yoa seo how completely you aro in my power ? The doors aro strong here— to-night the great gates will bo closed and locked, and day and night that old crone and hor blood hound will stand guard to prevont your escape. You boo thoro is no hopo for you.' Maggio uttered no word in answer. She Bat motionless on the edgo of the moth eaten sofa, her faco whito and rigid, her sweet brown eyes stony with horror and despair. The young lord's heart reloated a little as ho looked at her. 'I don't like to do this,' he continued, his tone Boftcning as ho spoko ; ' I want to bo good to you, Maggio — it is all . your own fault. Tho moment you consent to become my wifo, you aro free. I want you to think it over to-night and make up your mind to liko me — you can easily enough if you will. I shall come to see you early in tho morning, and if you'll Bay tho word we will be marriod at once, and I'll take you back to your father tho Countess of Strathspoy Towers.' Still she uttered no word in response, but satin that whito, stony silenco. The young man could not boar to look at her, and I10 turned toward tho door. ' I won't annoy you to-night,' he said ; 'you're tired. I'll go down and send Gwynnoth up with somo supper and a glass of wine and you'll foel bettor to morrow. Good-night.' He lingered an instant, hoping she would speak, but sho did not, and he went out, closiug and locking tho door after him. And Maggie was left ulone a prisoner in this great, ghostly old oliambor. CHAPTER LIX. THE DECOV. -? .. ; Tho Earl of Strathspoy loft Ravonswold on tho tenth of September to make a run down to London and return in time for his daughter's marringo, which was ap pointed to take place on tho twenty third. Ho had various commissions to execute, business matters to arrange, and tho marriage settlements to attend to. In addition, tho earl wished to consult with his solicitor, in regard to tho oxpedioncy of disinheriting, or disowning rather, the young man who had so long boon known as hiB son. The subject was a vory painful one, but Lord Strathspoy was not the mail to Bhirk what ho considered to bo his duty, lio matter how much pain it might cause him. Day by day, hour by hour, the convic tion that the boy was not his son, that ho had been decoived and imposed upon, grew upon him ; and whilo I10 rejoiced to believe that bo depraved and unpromising a young man was in truth 110 son of his, it was with a fooling of kcon pain that he thought of renouncing him. After all his hopes, aftor all I10 had borne and suffered, ho should dio without an lioir, mid the time- honored name of Strathspoy would dio with him. Better thus, however, than to leave it in tlio hands of one who would suroly bring dis grace nnd Bhame upon it. Ho was fixed in his determination, and started down to Loudon to look into the matter and see what could be dono. Immediately after tlio marriage of his daughter he proposed having tho remains of liis . wife disinterred and removed to tho grand burial-placo at Starthspoy Towors. That dono, his life-work was ended, and nothing roinainod for him but death. Ho purposed Ioaving Eng land in all probability forovor, and end ing his miserable existence in a foroign land. Thus tho oarl purposed doing, as ho stood 011 tho platform at tlio Perth rail way, waiting iinpationtly for tho express train to London, but a trifling incident, or shall wo say a providonccj which works, oven through the wrath of ovil mon, to ac complish and perfoct its marvollous onds — caused him to change his mind. Tho earl rocoivod a lettor; a yollow en velope, directed in a scrawling hand, and dolivered by a dark man, with a sabre cut over his right tomple. Ho toro it open a trifle impatiently, and read its contents. It ran thus : . ' If the Earl of Strathspey will como to tho old castlo called ' Tho Bordor Watch Tower,' ho may learn something in rogard to his own son.' ' His own- son,' mused tho poor, walk ing up and down. ' What can it moan, I wonder ? I'vo half a mind to go and see. I know tho old castle well. By Jove, I will go 1' I He. turnod on his heel, whilo the express train wont crushing out on its way to Lon don; and half an hour later ho was aboard a passenger train, bound for tho North country border. Ho got off at Hawick, under tho shadow of tho Cheviot Hills, and finding no better mode of travelling at hand, aftor making a hasty dinner, I10 secured a seat in a mail-coach, which would convoy him with in a fow niile3 of the ruinB. With ovory milo he travelled, his im patience increased. His own son 1 Ho kept ropeating tho words over and over, with something liko a thrill of pleasure. Ho had boon so deceived, and bafllod, and disappointed — what if at last his vory own son was to bo restored to him 'i The littlo Tyrol foundling, that his dead wifo claimed ob hor own? It might bo so. Stranger things had hap pened. We havo boforo stated that tho oarl was impulsivo aud impetuous by nature ; whatover ho bolievod, became a faith to him. And now thinking it ovor, as I10 rattled along in tho -mail-coach, his im patience waxod hotter and hotter. s If it might only turn out ns I10 hoped — if ho might find and claim tho boy hia wife' loved, tho child for whoso sako sho sacri ficed hor homo and happiness, nnd hor life —what joy it would be to endowhim with his name, his woulth, his honors, for the sako of her whom lie had so dooply in jured 1 It was the ono. only thing which could in any way all'ord him comfort, or appease tho cruel remorse that stung him liko nil adder ; and his groat dosire that it might bo so grow into a hopoful faith. His own son! It must bo tho little foundling of the Tyrol that ho was soon to hear of. Tho mail-coach put him down in tho silver duBk of a September ovo. A young moon hung like a silver crescent ovor tho bluo Cheviot peaks, and tho stars came out liko jewels in tho far-off, misty blue. Tho ' Border Watoli Tower' was a few miles distant ; ho could see the round tur ret looming up gray and grim in tho opal light. Thoro was no conveyance at hand, and the impatient earl, too eager to brook a moment's delay, dotorminod to walk tho distauco. Hodid so, striking off in a dircct line across tho north country, and leaving tho rolling downs und rugged peaks far behind. The moon was going down in a bank of thunderous Btorm-cloud when ho reached the great ga'.o of tho old castlo, and au owl was hooting dismally from Bomo hid den porchjaway up in the windy battle ments. Tno oarl paused, panting and weary from his long and rapid walk, and loaning against tho hugo stono pillar, gazed around him. And at sight of the dreary prospoct — the black and sullen watora beneath tho ruined moat ; tho blighted hoath, stretch ing far away in tho dim light ; tho gloomy fir-grove that flanked tho broad avenue, and the great gray pile of ruins, so still, and ghoBtly, and tomb-like in tho uncer tain moon- raya — at sight of all this, for tho first timo a thrill of apprehension assailed him. What if he were being lurod into a trap ? Could it be so ? Asking himself the question, as if by somo weird mngio the faco of his son, of the boy who had borno his name and en joyed his benefits so long, soemed to rise before him — a face full of wickod malig nant triumph. For ono brief moment the earl hesitated, half inclined to turn back. Then I10 raised his haughty head with a scornful smilo. Ho had never met a danger in all his lifo long that I10 darod not face, and should lie turn back from this— ho, who held hislifo so lightly J A ruBty horn hung suspended from tho hugo gate, which was securely lacked. Tho oarl took .it down; and blow a long, loud blast, audi »Jt-lasfc as was wont in days gone by to rouso'tlio border warriors from thoir revels. ' .... Tho hoarso braying of a blood houud within responded to his summons, and all again was silont for the space of ten min utes, when a footstep echoed on tho damp fing-stono, nnd directly aftor tho rusty boltB nnd bars began to rattlo. Tho gate waB cautiously opened, and tho samo man who had dolivered tho lotter looked out. 'Ah I' ho ojooulated, 'tho oarl at last. Will your lordship bo pleased to enter?' ' Who dosires my presence horo ?' do demanded tho oarl. 'The master,' replied tho mnn, jjlibly; 'holms tidings for your lordship, if you will havo tho goodness to walk in and hear.' Tho earl strode in without another question. The gate waB closed and locked after him, ard then his guide led tho way to tho castlo entrance. The earl followed up tho mouldy stops and through tho arched door way. Iu tho groat hall, the old woman known as Motlior Gwynnoth stood with a light, and at a signal front the man, she at once led tho way into a spacious drawingroom. A grand, gloomy apartment, filled with must and decay, and floored with colored tiles, liko the rooms above.-. From a velvet chair ina romoto corner, n man's figure , aroso. Gwynueth put down tlie light and retreated, and the Earl of Strathspoy Btood fnco to faoi with his son. tho young Lord Angus. For tho spaco of a miuuto, tho two men faced each other in dead silence ; thon tho carl spoke, his voico quivering with rago : ' Did you Bend that lotter ?' I10 de manded ; ' did you daro to decoy 1110 into this den ?' Tho young man's faco woro a smile of diabolical truimph. 'I did, begging your lordship's pardon,' ho roplicd ; ' I invited you to como if you wished to hoar something of your own son; and ho is vory much at your honor's ser vice, tho only son, tho only heir, tho Earl of Strathspoy will ovor own. ' For an instant tho oarl stood breathless — uttorly dumfounded nt tho young man's arrogant impudonco. Then his hot and hasty temper llamod up. 'You young villain 1' ho criod, rushing toward Lord Aligns, ' 'I'll teach you how to make a fool of mo.' Ho mado an attempt to grasp tho young man's collar, but Lord Angus elu ded him, nnd, retroating stop by stop, drew tho earl on to tho farther corner of tho spacious room. There was a wide tile just beneath their foot. Tho young lord pressod upon one corner of this with the toe of his boot, and it slid slowly downward, carrying tho earl with it, down into an abyss of utter darkness. Lord Angus peered down into tho awful chasm, his face full of wickod oxul tatiuii. ' Who will bo Earl of Strathspoy now, my lord?' ho called, mockingly. Then the heavy tile slowly rose, and slid back to its placo with a sharp snap. ' A snug trap that,'' mused tho young peer, with his hands in his pockets ; 'and my Lady Cocilin Drummond's a clover woman— a douced clover woman, and a handsome ono. If I don't succed in break ing in my wild fury, I'vo half a mind to mako lovo to hor, now that tho oarldom's inino. CHAPTER LX, DEFEATED. Judith lost no timo in carrying out her determination to warn Captain Fossbroke of his danger. Tho moment her duties to Lady Marguerito wore onded, sho hurried across tlio wold, in tho waning light, to tho residence of Mr. Keith. The old highland country houso was vory silont and sad, for Mr. Kofthwas ab sent, at work with tho dotectivos who wero trying to find poor Maggio ; and tlio old doctor was silting out upon tho stone steps, his head bent upon his broast, givon ovor to despair and grief. Judith approached him with tears in her eyes. ' Ay, 'til you, my girl,' ho said, in ro ply to hor salutation, his oyes full of tho wistful inquiry that never left thom. ' I was in hopes ? ' Ho stopped short, hia voico choked aud unsteady. 'But 'tis uselosB,' I10 nddod, aftor a moment. 'I may as well givo up all hope. Sho's gone, Judith — my pretty bairn's gono — I shall never hoar from liar again.' There was a deop pathos in tlie father's grief for tho daughter I10 loved bo fondly. Judith's tears fell fast as sho looked at him ; but hor words wero the words of hope and consolation. 'Do uot despair,' sho said; ' I'm suro you will find hor — I fool it someho'V, doc tor — sho's not gono. ' But lio shook his gray head in des pair. 'Remember how it was about Ilon drick,' tho girl continued, hoping to cheer him. 'I had mourned him as dead so long, and, in tho hour I least looked for it, he was restored to me. Tho mercy of Heaven is endless, and its power is omni potent, doctor. You will surely find your child again.' Ho looked up nt tho summer stars nbovo him. Judith's earnest words thrilled hiin with renewed hope. She passed on, in search of the captain, and found to her consternatian, that I10 was absent, gono to Glasgow, to rotnrn ou Thursday. On Thursday, the very day on which the fatal wino suppor was to bo hold 1 What should sho do 1 Hurrying homeward through tho silont starlight, sho thought until her temples throbbed with pain, and at last dotcr ?mihed to rovoal the whole affair to tho countess. Lady Margueritowasin the music-room when J udith reached Ravenswold, filling all the summor silenco with her mournful melodies, and tho girl ran to her o wn littlo room, to seek advice from her husband. She had told him the story of tho baro ness treaohory boforo, aud I10 strongly approved of her dooision to rovoal all to tho countess. ' There b something wrong,' ho said, in his grave, slow manner, 'though I can't boo through it. I'vo boon watching tho baronet 'since you told mo, and thoro's something wrong with him, Judith. He starts and looka bohind liim when thoro's no cause — lie's got a secret of some kind on liis mind, I'm suro o' that.' ' Aud ho to bo my poor littlo Pearl's, liusbandl' cried Judith. - - 'And n night or two agSj' pursuod Hondrick, without noticipo what sho said, ' I was down in tlio staples,' and Sir Bay ard caiiie doiivn— ho's,ci3iways prying about tho horses, liight ijt the yardhon.otCap tain Fossbrooko fyce to faco. Tliey both stopped and stared nt each othor, and Bays the captain. . \ . ' Why, Colonel liicihnon -{ li. 0 ike, as I live 1' S ' And Sir Bayard, ho turned so white that I thought he'd drop whero I10 stood. Tlio captain wont on with a laugh, and then Sir Bayard foil to swoarin' awful. I wonder what it all means ?' ' Colonel Eiclimoiid Brooke, ' repeated Judith, thoughtfully. 'Yes,' said Hendi'iok; 'that'stho name./ I remember it well.' ' Well, 'tis all iii a tangle,'-' she ropliod; 'I can't begin to see ono endfroint'otlior; hut I'll take your advico and toll thowhole thing to tho countess.' 'Ay, lasi, 'tis tho host thjng you can do/' ? responded Hendcick, stroking hor blown hair ns I10 aroso to go out. . .And Judith wont straightway ami tap ped for admittanco at the door of the .countess' sittingroom. ? Tlio old lady had a now novel before her and hor inevitable silver mug of . strong coffee at her elbow. Sho stared/ a littlo ns Judith entered and begged tlio favor of her attoii ? ? a few minutes. Hut sho close.) her novel, and pmhed hack hrr goggles, and laid 'lio hand mi the jinvrlii-d head of hor stair, and Imlo her prucui-d with what sho wished to i-ay. Judith obeyed, rehearsing in. a co'.H'i:': and strictly truthful manlier, and w.tii that terso and striking Btylo that was.uiiy of her gifts tho whole affair from begin ning to end, winding up with tho littlo incident that Heudrick had nut iced in tho stable- yard. Tho countoss listened, hor keen ey'» blazing, her hands working nervously ou tlio top of her oano. Sho comprehended all tho points that had escaped the girl's comprelionaion. When tho story was onded sho brought down her stick with a crash. 'There,' sho cried, cxcilodly, 'I boo tho whole thing now as clear a3 daylight. What a blind idiot I'vo been not to sus pect it before, Tho man's an impostor, and Bayard Brompton's dead — murdered 1 That's tho wholo in a nutshell. Poor Bayard.' She meditated a moment and thon bounded to hor feot with tho alacrity of a girl. ' Hero, my good girl,' alio oried, as alio throw off hor volvet gown, ' dress mo quick. 1 won't ring for my maid — thoro, tho black satin and a fresh turban. Oh, Heavou I' sho wont on excitedly, as Judith hastened to obey, ' to think how I've suffered mysolf to bo duped — thank Heaven 'tis not too late. Poor Pearl, poor littlo girl, what a fate sho has es caped. I ' Girl,' turning upon Judith as sliewas folding tho snowy turban, ' I'll givo you a fortuno for tho servico you've dono mo to- night ;'a fortuno that will mako you a lady.' Judith thanked hor as she arranged tho turban and looped it in front with tho great flashing diamond. The countess grasped hor stick and hurried down. Pearl was still at the piano, and tho baronet was bonding over her chair doing his utmost to play tho devoted lovor, tho poor girl shrinking away from him with horror and aversion. Tho countess crossed tho room with tho tread of a cat and put her lips closo to tho baronet's ear. ' Colonel llichmoml Brooke,' alio criod, shrilly, ' when did you murder Sir Bayard Brompton t' Tho baronet bounded up as if a bullet had struck him, turned sharply and stared at tho countesB in blank constornatiou. Then comprehending tho wholo, his face slowly whitened, and with one or two in effectual gasps I10 sank to tho floor in sensible. Tho couutes3 sat down contemplating tho prostrato soldior with an amused twinkle in her sharp eyes. ' Pro givon mysolf credit all my lifo for being acloverwoman,' sho observed, 'but I'm convinced now that I'm insufferably stupid, that I ever should havo been brought to bolieve that creature a Bjomp ton. Pah 1 Marguerito, child, ring tho boll, will you 3' Marguerito, palo with wondoring dis may, hastened to obey. ' Call that gontlonian's valot,' com manded the countcss of tho servant who entered, indicating tho prostrate baronet with tho toe of hor satin slipper. In five minutes Leonard ontered, a startled look in his black oye3. ' Take your master to his room,' said the countosB ; ' I10 is ill. 1 will havo a physician called in.' Leonard obeyed with alacrity, and tlio dowager proceeded to call in, not a physician, but a pair of officers. Half an hour later thoy invaded tho baronet's room, but lo, tho casoment was wide opon, and the baronet and his valet wero both gono. But tho unsuccessful soldior had left his written confession behind him. 'I am Sir Bayard Brompton's half brother by an illegitimate conncction. His father did my mother an unpardon able wrong, and I owed hor son a grudgo. Moreover, I was tho cider son, tho title and wealth woro mine ; I tried to secure thom ; I havo failed.' 'Poor follow,' muaod tho countoss ; ' ho did havo a look of tho Broinptons, and I can't help fooling somo pity for him. I But lio's a murderer — put the oflicors on his track.' To be continued. 