RACING FORECASTS. The W. A. T. C. Meeting. (By Touchstone. Never perhaps beforejwere backers of horses so confessedly in the dark ; wijtkir so sljorfc an interval before race day as at the "present time. The horses that cafinot win under the handicap weights are so many, and those that may win so j few that it might seem at first; sight as if the -task of finding the jnnW should be com paratively easy. But this is very far from being the ca6e. In the first place, should the Lockvillejiorses come up in good form, .ifris pretty generally thought that all the principal races are over. These horses are so lightly weighted in propor tion to their past performances that, if fit, they are thought pretty sure to win every thing for which the one or other of them starts. But they have not-yet made their appearance. That they will be in any thing like their " other side " form no one believes. And, if it. should turn out that, the liandicapper, who must hav$ had frer quent opportunities of seeing them, was guided in apportioning ; tie weights by dyjs personal observation anfhopelessly crippled, Do olne vml 'be sn»- prised;- Indeed,' there is:a vejwgerieraT impression that both the one' and the other of these once formidable pair are no longer to be feared. At the same time, there is just the chance of their coming up full of life and muscle and "winning their respective races with ease. The leniency of the liandicapper towards them is unpardonable. If they are cripples — well, we do not want cripples encouraged — and, if they are not cripples, then they are in more than one race very much; under-weighted. For my own part, I do not expect to%ee in tlie Isonomy of '89 tbe Isonomy of '87 ' or' in the Satyr of '89 the Satyr of '86. But, supposing that these horses are not patched up cripples and that they have good iegs and good wind, the odds under .the weights are im mensely in their favor. So that the ques-, tion in racing circles is " Wbt1 vyill the Lochville. horses be like?" .Thqjf New castle lot are, as far as ' thedr cpnditipn isj concerned, equally dark wifti tnose of LocHville. Bat no one thinks about them. Hinemoa, who is the best of them, is laughed at. I, myself have always thought well of this mare, and expressed an opinion that, if 6he could ever he brought to the post thoroughly fit, she would show up well. But she has only twice obtained willing brackets — once when she beat Lyttleton at Brookton — and again, when carrying 6st, she beat Metal at Nortkaui, the old horse giving her -3st 91b. Since then, she has ruii several times, but without success, and is denounced as a long-hacked tiling without any particular turn of speed and unable to carry weight. And, as -the Newcastle horses are always looked -on by the liandi capper as able to carry anything" short iff a ton, and she is carrymga stone more than most people would think her due, she is unnoticed, or passed over with her stable companions as belonging to the impossibles. The others that have not yet made their appearance on the training track are Hero and Dr. O'Mehan's two.1 But all three are two much over-weighted to have a ghost of a show. Hero, both at Brookton and Nort ham, proved that he could run well over a distance. But witli the load of weight which has been put on him, he is looked on as " out of it." Dr. O'Mehan's two are held to be equally crashed out. As for Urella, she was beaten at York by Progress when she was really in good trim, and would require a stone to be taken off her to- hare a'ny-. thing like a chance in any of the races! fof5, which she is entered. Of Cyclops little is known, but he is not feared even in the company in wnich lie will have to run. Of the horses that are already on the training ground Aim and St. Ives are the most fancied for the races for which they will probably start. For the Cap Aim has rather the advantage of St. Ives ow ing to the failure of the latter to win ,the big race at Gerald ton. But the one has about as many friends as the other. Next comes Footprint, and then there is a: blank which is not filled np. Goiida, who was never liked except by a few, no sooner made his appearance on the track .that he met with ail but unanimous con demnation. The reason is to be found in a half-mile gallop which lie did at a tre mendous speed with the result that he could not get any further, and a mile and a quarter spurt, which lie had with Low- lander and Nimrod and in whiphboth these two horses beat him. Whether he was at his best is of course a question. But all those who witnessed the two tri.-ils were satisfied that they were honestly run, and that he was beaten on his merits For my part I am sceptical on this point, re garding him as a horse who could not be beaten by either of the two horses men tioned except over a long distance. I have nothing but the horse's appearance and style of going, and, as we all know " Before trial appearance is everything — after it nothing." Consequently, this fine-looking own -brother of Dunlop, is also cast out as one of the " impossibles." The Steward, who has never been believed in since his defeat by Valentine and Pro gress at Newcastle, is equally out of favor, while Hartlands, Urella and Surrender are absolutely friendless. Hero is thought by a few to be not absolutely out of it but by a few only. As for Wandering Willie it is believed that Mr. Rotton has-; a very much better horse in Aim, that if he runs bis big colonial -bred it will ohly be as a second string. Footprint is too handsome and has too much style not to have many admirers, and, if. it should not transpire that Gouda after all is Mr. Clerk's Cup horse, will be well supported. With regard to Isonomy and Satyr every- one is waiting to see how they look, and perform. Of the Town Plate — the mile handicap, and the second race of the first day — it is difficult to predict anything till it is known what horses will be entered. The field will probably :be small - as the pace is bound to be a rattler, and no horse Uhat is depended on for the Cup can afford tb gp for it. ' Of those 'that are expected to, Start. Firebrace is the most in favor — al ways of course supposing that Isonomy and Satyr are in no state to run. For the welter race of a mile and a half which comes next Wandering Willie at 9st. 71b. stands pre-eminently first in favor. A four-year-old, and receiving weight from all the others it should be indeed a gift to him. At the same time he would have to gallop, and if the owner should hpsitate to sacrifice this horse's chance for the Cup and trust the race to Hermit — it is any one's race. The Flying Stakes will, like the Town Plate, probably bring out only a small field, as almost ail the horses that have accepted for it, will have just run in the Cup. Firebrace, who will not have run for anything after 1 o'clock, is the favorite. Nimrod, who was fancied at one time has got. the influenza, which is going about and even if he is not scratched will jaot be fit.- On the second day the Hur- plcsb'oi3 fall tb Wandering Willie,. uO whom neither Lowlander lior Cyclops" can afford to give a stone over a distance of two miles, or indeed over any distance. The only question is, will his owner start him at all at the certainty of injuring his bhance for the Railway Stakes, especially when he has Hermit, who is not altogether out of it ? The Railway Stakes is, I fancy, more open than is generally sup posed — but Wandering Willie is the" fayorite — that is, if he does not run for the race previous and if Satyr is done for. The Derby is expected to fall to St. Ives. The Queen's should on all past running fall to Aim. He won it easily last year and he ought to win it this. As you will have seen by your exchanges, there is going to be a bye-meeting on the 27th of January, partly as a substitute for the Canning raees which no one can attend without expense and fatigue, and partly to indnce the owners of horses that have run at Perth to keep them in training for the Perth Autumn aad country meetings. So far, however, from bringing the Canning races to Pertli tlie announcement of such sn idea has stirred up the Canning people and they have promptly got up a meeting of their own for the 15th of January with very fair stakes. 