NEW SOUTH WALES MEMS. The life of Billy the Kanaka bas been spared only to be passed in imprisonment. The Mount Morgan Extended Mining Company is to be voluntarily wound up, and the company re-organised. It ie stated that the two escaped Queensland emigrants imagined Rockhampton was close to Sydney, or, at all events, in the Bame colony. The New South Wales rifles have withdrawn from the intercolonial match because the General Rifle Association refused to adopt the sliding bar. The total value of imports at Sydney for the week ended June 8 amounted to .£417,210. The value of exports for the same period amounted to £255,983. A man named Foley has complained to the Gilgandra bench of haviDg had to travel 210 miles to answer a summons charging him with having neglected to send his children to school. The sum of £7500 is to be given to the Mittagong Ironworks and the Lithgow Ironworks as compensation for the cancellation of their contract with the Government for rerolling iron rails. At a meeting of the East St. Leonards Council it was stated that the condition of the Ben Boyd Creek is entirely the cauBe of some serious cases of typhoid fever among the residents near the creek. The governor and officers of H.M. gaol, Parramatta, have been thanked by the Commissioner and Engineer for Roads for their services in connection with the preservation of the Broken Back Bridgj at Windsor-road during the recent floods. There is an ugly rumor abroad to the effect that an organised gang of burglars in Sydney carry weapons, and they have vowed to shoot any policeman who attempts to frustrate their nefarious scheme. To judge from the recent shooting case there would seem to be some foundation for the rumor. The report received from the local officer remarking on the bad state of the Nyngan and Cobar road has so impressed the Minister of Public Works that he intends to submit a proposal for a railway between those places as one of the first matters for consideration by the Parliamentary Standing Committee on Public Works. A fine specimen of the roaroa, a bird which usually frequents the Alpine regions ol the South Island, New Zealand, waB caught lately at Stewart Island. The bird belongs to the apteryx order, and the feathers are grey, spotted with reddish white; but, unlike those of one of its congeners, the grey kiwi, are soft to the touch. A monument has just been erected at Bangiriri to commemorate the storming of the pa, and in memory of Midshipman Watkinc, of H.M.S. Curacoa, and several seamen of the Naval Brigade who fell in the storming. The memorial is in the form of a stone column, with appropriate carving, and enclosed in a cast-iron railing. On Saturday afternoon, at Bolong, a man named S. Seaman was shot in the leg by a gun going off accidentally. The shot went through his leg into his horse's neck. A few grains also struck a man named L. Croker on the back. Dr. Dronght from Crookwell was eent for, and stitched up the wound, and the patient is now doing well. Respecting the needy circumstances of the unemployed now in Walgett, the Goverment have received a formal application for assistance through the handB of the local police magistrate. A reply has been forwarded that the Government cannot entertain the application, as there would be no limit to such if the particular request were complied with. It appears from a Parliamentary return which bas just been published that during the year 1888 the number of convictions for drunkenness alone throughout the colony was 14,991; drunktnies] wit J obscine language, 3343, and with disorderly behaviour, 5660. There were also alike convictions connected with assaults and assaults on the police. Speaking in the Assembly last week Mr. J. P. Abbott Baid that the Payment of Members Bill had been passed by the Assembly, and twice rejected by the Upper House. Since the last rejection of the bill there had been an appeal to the country, and the house would not stand the rejection of the bill any longer. The Government would, he Baid, have to face a crisis. The Elucation Department have (we learn) so far received between 50 and 60 applications for particulars respecting the " History of Australia." The applicants include clergymen, doctors, members of the press, and teachers ; and, while the bulk of would-be historians come from thin colony, the sister colonies of Victoria and Queensland are to be represented. The returns of the Board of Technical Education show that during the last term there were 1620 individual students attending the classes ot the Sydney Technical College and branch technical schools, being an increase of 410 persons over those entered lor the first quarter of last year, also that there were 2301 entries for the various classes, with an average attendance of 1140. Very naive ie this excerpt from the report of the Women's Balmain Prayer Union:— " The report stated that the past had been a year of much blessing. Some additions had been made to the membership, one member had died, and some had removed out of the district; but the average attendance was good." Does the blessing consist in the removail of some members ont of the district ? The whole of the papers in connection with the charges alleged against Mr. John Davies, C.M.G, M.L.C., chairman of the late Casual Labor Board, by the Royal Commission appointed to inquire into the working of the board, and their mode of expending public moneys, have teen forwarded by the Crown Solicitor to Mr. H. E. Cohen, who has accepted a brief from the Government to prosecute upon the charges. Considerable progress has lately been made iu the work of rendering the Jenolan Caves more accessible to the public. There seems to be as the result of this, and the improved accommodation at the caves, far greater interest manifested in these wonders of nature. The number ol visitors to the Jenolan Caves during the past year was 1829 ; to the Whombeyan Caves, 400 ; to the, Wellington Caves, 1679 ; and the Talrangobilly Caves, 200. The evidence against a prisoner accused of the murder of Hawkins, a settler near Wellington, is of a very remarkable character, and wholly ciicumBtantial. Pieces of newspaper had been used by the murderer as a wad, and some ot these were tound in the wounds and carefully extracted. Small bite of paper were also found at the scene of the murder. All these pieces fitted precisely a torn newspaper found in the prisoner's house. Here is a lamentable and significant item from the report of the Infants' Home at Ashfield :—" In speaking of the mothers admitted into the home, the committee state that the number of women with weak intellect brought before them has been a source of grave anxiety—six of these cases were admitted during the year—and they regret that the State does not provide some compulsory protection for these unfortunate creatures." A man named William Finn left Pilliga on the 25th ult. in a spring-cart for Keelendi. He was missed and it was supposed he got lost in the bush. The matter was reported to the police, who found him dead. Finn had been thrown from his cart, having died where he fell. The horBe and cart were fast against a tree a short distance off. The body was greatly decomposed. There was money and other property in the cart. Finn was slightly under the influence of drink when he left Pilliga. A lad named Abrams was brought before the Cootamundra police court on Friday on remand from Batburst, charged with disposing under false pretences of a set of Avery's scales and weights, valued at 30s., from a Mr. W. Little, fruiterer, of Cootamundra. Abrams borrowed the scales from Little to weigh fruit he had bought from the latter. He sold the fruit, scales and everything, and cleared out to Batburst. The Bench gave him the light sentence of seven days in Cootamundra Gaol. The jury returned a verdict of wilful murder in the case of the body of the male infant found on the rocks in Farm Cove. The death was due to fracture of the skull. The foreman referred to the number of abandoned infants that had been found lately. He thought the State should provide some kind of institution in which mothers who wanted to get rid of their offspring could leave their babies instead of murdering them. He thought that a foundling hospital, similar to those in Paris, should be built. The Minister for Works has authorised the issue of an amount of money for the minor roade in the colony under trustees, to be taken from the sum voted on account ot roads and bridges in the last Temporary Supply Bill. This will give a vast amount of work to men throughout the colony—works which are most useful and urgently needed. Trustees who have no*' balanced up their accounts for the last year ate reminded that the amount for this year will not be issued until the amounts for last year have been adjusted. The following communication in reference to the running of the mails between Murray Hut and Corowa, through the Berrigan district, has been received by a resident of Jerilderie :—" Sir,—With reference to your letter of the 8 th instant, relative to the conveyance of mails between Murray Hut and Corowa, I have the honor to intimate that instructions have been given foi the Corowa mailman to wait on Sundays at Murray Hut for the arrival of the mail from Jerilderie at that place. —Yours, &c.;, S. H. Lambton, secretary." Branches of the N.S.W. Pastoralists' Association havebeettformfcd at Germanton, May, and Gandagai, and meetings, according to latest accounts, are to be held shortly at Dabbo, Warren, Tamwortb, Wilcannia,: and Wentworth. The Pastoralists' Association at Condobolin has notified its intention of sending a delegate to the fiist meeting ot the Association, which will be held, possibly during the ram sales, in Sydney between 8tb and 12 :h July next. At the present time there are seven established branches of the Association. We (Narandera Argus) have been informed by the local agent of tbe Shearers' Union that the Forbes Crown Tenants' Union has unanimously adopted the shearers' agreement as agreed to by the shearers and sheepowners representatives at a conference held in Wagga last week. Also, that at a meeting of sheepowners held in Gundagai last week for the purpose of forming a branch of the N.S.W. Pastoralists' Association (Mr. J. Robertson, of Kimo, in the chair) the Shearers' Union agreement was discussed, and the rules considered very satisfactory. A Tumut correspondent writes :—" A little girl and boy, aged seven and five years respectively. the children of Brown, a woodcarter, who were out with their father in the buBh on Wednesday, strayed away and were lost. After search, they were found by George Wilkden, six miles away in rugged country. The little girl had made a gunyah with busheB and put her frock on her brother, who was poorly clad. The boy was speechless, and both children were drenched to the skin and quite texhansted. Tbe children had crossed two creeks, and were out iu torrents of rain the first night." For some days past tbe district police have been searching the rough country in the vicinity of Saddleback for a woman said to be insane, who on Thursday last ran after some children who were on their way to Mount Brandon Public school. On the evening of the same day as the children returned from school, accompanied by a constable, the woman again appeared on the scene; but immediately disappeared in the dense bush on discovering that the juveniles had an escort. She is described as a tall yourg woman with dark hair, fairly weil dressed, and carrying an umbrella. A very satisfactory year's work is to be recorded in connection with the Government diamond drills for 1888. The gross earnings of the drills for the year amounted to £8067 19s. lid., as compared with £2574 19a. 7d. tor the year 1887. The total depth bored was 8292ft., as compared with 3797ft. in 1887. Tbe average rate bored per hour was 13 67ft., as compared with 10'22ft. per hour in 1887. The average coBt per foot bored, exclusive of salary, was 8s. llfd., as compared with 18s. Id. in 1887. The coBt ot diamonds destroyed during the year equalled Is. 0 2-161 per foot bored, as compared with Is. 6 14-16d. in 1887. Numerous additions have lately been made to tbe mining and geological museum in connection with the Department of Mines by the Geological Survey Office and by private donors, many ot whom have presented to tbe department the samples of minerals exhibited by them at the Adelaide and Melbourne Ex- hibition. The department is now in possession of splendid collections, representative of the mineral resources and geology of tbe colony, but for want of proper museum space they cannot be adequately exhibited. This is regarded as a loss to the public of a very important means of promoting the development of the mining interest. At the Morpeth police court on Wednesday, George Henry Smith waB charged, on the information of Mr. P. K. Haydon, J.P., with having threatened to shoot him, and to burn down bis shed. Defendant was asked to find two sureties in £15 each, and to enter into a recognisance of £20, to be of good behaviour for six months, in default to go to gaol for three months. He was further convicted of having incited a prisoner to resist, and fined £1, with 4s. lOd. costs, or to be imprisoned for 14 days ; for assaulting Constable Snusball in the execution of his duty, he was mulcted in the further penalty of 40s., with 4*. lOd. costs, or was to go to gaol for one month. It is but a poor sort of satisfaction, when in trouble ourselves, to find others suffering as well from a similar cause. Tbe Victorians are having their turn with the unemployed question, and they seem as perplexed as ourselves to tell how to deal with it. They make, out that th9 hulk of their unemployed people come from New South Wales or the other colonies ; but as, when we had a large number to deal wfcb, we heard that most of thoBe in search ot employment came from Victoria, there is a sort of tu quo/pie kind of repartee about the matter which doeB not help us to get at tbe cause of this extraordinary ratio of unemployed, which appears out of all reason in a new country, At Mr. J. B. Donkin's irrigation farm at Lake Cowal a fine crop of 90 dayB' corn, sown in February IsBt, is now in cob, and nearly ready to pull, and a large sorghum patch, sown on the 15.h of February, stands at the present moment over 6ft. high. At the time of planting the country was Buffering from a protracted drought. Not a blade of' grass was visible anywhere, and stock were dying in hundreds ou every hand. Without the water and the appliances to irrigate, all the labor expended in plauting would have been useless. The experience of Mr. Donkin only goes to prove that abundance of food can be provided for stock in all seasons when irrigation becomes more general. Negotiations are still in progress between the Railway Commissioners of New South Wales and Victoria, with reference to the question of the differential rates. The people of the inland towns complain of the high freights they have to pay as compared with those resident near the border. It has been thought that if an arrangement were made between tbe two colonies to each increase the freights at the stations near the border—say to the extent of £1 a ton, the amount of extra revenue derived from this might be applied to a reduction of the freights at intermediate stations. The Commissioners hope that the negotiations now going on may result in a satisfactory arrangement of the nature indicated being arrived at At tbe Reefer battery, Adelong, a correspondent informs us, Holmes has crushed seven tons of tip from the Challenger mine for 7dwts. to the ton. Cole and party have crushed three tonB of stone from the Falls reef for 3oz. 13dwts. The former crushing from this mine gave a return ot 14dwt& to the ton, so this last is an improvement, though tbe stone wm taken from tbe same ahoot, bat at a greater depth. On account of the claim making much water the party will apply for temporary suspension ot work. The same party are prospectingnearTodd'a Creek, where they have at one reef four tons of stone, and another small lot to grass which they will shortly try. J. Benson and party will shortly crush 10 tons from their mine at Mount Adrah. Mr. Bruce Smith administered a small lecture and gave some cood advice to a deputation who waited upon him on Friday. " I have a number of deputations to see to-day," be remarked, " and I want you as far as possible in addressing me to confine your observations to the subject matter of your request. If each member of the deputation speaks and repeats what his co-deputationists have said he will occupy so much of my time that I shall be unable to get on with the others who are to follow you. If any gentlemen has come here to fire bimselt off or to speak, I hope that unless he has something to say, and something which nobody else bas said, he will remember that my time is limited, and that my depart* mental duties are extensive." The dam at Gosling Creek is in a sufficiently forward state to allow the inlet pipe to be closed shortly, and the water stored to a good height. The stream is running strong and clear, and if checked will Boon make up a good supply. The work so far has answered all expectations, and there is every indication that the dam iB watertight. This cannot, of course, be finally determined until tbe pressure of a large body of water i'b felt, which is sure to find out any leaks in tbe ground or wall of dam. Some half the quantity of pipes required for tbe conveyance of the water to tbe town have already arrived, and the rest are on the way. It will be a great boon to the inhabitants if the supply is available in the principal centres by the beginning of the year 1890. At tbe late sittings of the Land Court at Dubbo a ht>rd esse was brought to light. A selector named John Bell, who came from Rochester, Victoria, took up a selection on the 29ih of November last. The application came on tor confirmation ou Thursday, and was duly confirmed. Bell, who has paid £80 deposit fee, wished the Land Board to let him throw up the selection and forieit his money and Jet him select elsewhere. The board, however, is powerless to give him relief. Bell finds that the land taken up is as bad as ever. After the late plentiful rains there is oo grass on his country. The matter is considered to be one which is well worthy the consideration of the. Minister, with the view of remedying such matters while the new Land Bill is in committee. The United Press Association recently sent out the following telegram :—" Wellington, 8th May.—A gentleman in Wellington, who was for many years connected with the Police Department, informs the Post that smuggling is carried on to such an extent that the colony is losing revenue at the rate of £250,000 per annum, and expresses an opinion that increased vigilance on the part of the Customs authorities would present a pood deal of this illicit trade. An informant mentions a case where a certain tradesmen in Auckland was recently offered the opportunity of purchasing a ton of tobacco at Is. per lb., landed from a whaling vessel on a part of the coast which is not frequently visited by human beings." This is the old story of excessive duties acting as an inducement to contraband trade. The much-abused Judge Docker bad a few sensible words to sav to tbe Church of England Temperance Society's annual meeting laBt week :—" He bad no statistics to place before the meeting. He must confess he was not fond of statistics and did not compile them. He thought, nevertheless, be was safe in sayiny that fully three-fourths of the cases that came before him tor trial were tbe direct result of intemperance. With regard to prevention, he felt unable to express any decided opinion as to the various legislative measures that had been proposed. There was always a danger when one attempted by legislation to patch up one evil of creating another. They should be careful in enacting prohibitory laws, be prepared for attempts to evade those laws, and be watchful not to do anything to create other evilB." A matter (says the Monare Mercury) has been brought under our notice by Mr. Henry feeears, of Ironmongie, for which there should be means of redresB afforded. It appears that this gentleman had to pay fees amounting to 15s. through the C.P.S. at Cooma, and that he purchased that amount of postage stamps, as there is no post-office order office near where he lives. It also appears that there is a regulation forbidding the acceptance of stamps in fees by the C.P.S. and they were accordingly returned. This necessitated Mr. Seears having to travel 30 miles to pay this 15s. fee, and another 30 miles home again. Surely some arrangements might be made to meet persons living at a distance from town and from an order office. The loss of time oauses a quadruple tax, which in all fairness should not be exacted. The Under- Secretary for Mines reports that the aggregate value of the mineral products of tbe colony at the close ot last year stood at £76,818,235 43. lOd. The value of the products tor the past year was £3,879,833, showing an increase upon the value in 1887 of £713,895. The increase is mainly due to tbe output of silver and silver lead, the value of which is about double that of 1887. The increase of tbe output and value of coal is considerable. The output of copper is less, but the value •hows a considerable increase. There is also. an increase in iron and antimony, The out*- put of gold ehowa B considerable dettrcEBe beiDg amongst the smallest fot many years This is due, it is thought* to long and severe drought. The value ot the output ol minerals «n 1888 exceeds the decimal average bv ^1,063,237, 6 1 It is not often that a municipal council rookes Tun at a bank manager $ but the Glebe Borough Council has propounded to the manager of the Australian Joint Stock Bank a conundrum which that gentleman has "given up." Tbe council asked for the "decimal r«teof interest" paid by the corporation, and the man of figures replied that he did not know what "a decimal rate of interest" was; but tbat the present rate of iuterest on the council's overdraft is 7 per cent One alderman said that b "decimal rate" was commonly known. So it is, in relation to tithing and numbers multiplied by 10 ; but when later on it came out tbat what the council wished to know was the amount of interest charged on iia overdraft every month puzzled faces wore ti cheerful aspect, a ad the gleam of intelligence which indicated a recognition of the true value of decimals was followed by a broad grin. Walgett is a little town near the cor flaence of the two great Northers rivers, the Namoi and the Barwoo, which afterwards flow together through, the whole length of New South Wales to tbe River Darling. The nature ol the country is such that in time of heavy flood movement for pedestrians is exceedingly difficult, and in some instances quite impracticable. This will seem to explain the telegram anent the swagBmen there :—" Owing to tbe presence of a large number of the unemployed in town, application has been made for assistance lor them in the way of food and employment. Many of tbe tramps are starving, and work is unobtainable. The police magistrate said he would communicate with the Government on the mattpr. Owing to the flooded state of the country, swagsmen cannot travel to get work, and the scarcity of provisions is against even the sustenance of the resident*." The. biennial meeting of representatives of" the various districts and branches of the Grand United Order of Oddfellows was held in the OJdfellowo' Hall, Castlereagh- street, Sydney, lust week. The Grand Master of the order (Bro. Gerald Filepatrick) presided, and representatives from all parts of the colony were in attendance. Amongst these were Bro. Walter Diri'eL from Goulburn district^ and Brnp. W. A.,Kershaw, J. M. Nugent, and David O'Connell, Braidwood district, An address waB delivered by the Grand Master, who called attention to the fact that the Order had progressed, and was progressing, both financiallyarid otherwise. The Grand Secretary (Bro. Johu Alex. M'Cubben), in the course of his address, stated that the total worth of the society was £50,046 7s. 7£1, as against £45,207 3s. lid. for 1886, showing an increase of £4849 3<. 3£1, or an increase per capital from £6 Is 6d to i6 10s. 3| i. The number of members iu 1888 was 8296, an increase' ol 679. The Government have now completed - the distribution of blankets amongst the aborigines (or tbe present year. Altogether 8000 blankbts have been issued. Tbe Aborigines Protection Board, of which Mr. Fosbery, Inspector- G< neral of Police, is president, requested this ye*r that the blankets might be . .distributed earlier than formerly. It had been the custom in the past to serve them on the Queen's B<r h(lny, but this year the authorities began tl e distribution eo early as December. . The season, however, being an exceptional one an regards the drought, the recipients were in many caseB unable to get the blankets until alter tbe 24th of May. It may be pointed out tbat clothing iB also supplied to all the aboriginal children, attending school, all of youngei than school age, and all who are sick and aged autl unable to earn their rations. The object of tbe Government is to provide for those who cannot maintain themselves, and to encourage al who are strong and able to earn their living tu do eo. At t.be Monaro police court, betore Mr. M. S. L>ve, W. E. Lloyd sued Walker and Swan for the price and Iosb on sale of a box of tobacco, alleged to bave beea lost by them between Micalagoand Banyan. The railway porter at the former place deposed to putting the box en tbe van that was subsequently Landed over to the contractors for transom tion to Bunyan, but in the absence of :tbe goods delivery book proof of delivery could not be made. The porter had received the notice to produce the book, but he appeared in the box minus the book, and said he had do power to produce it without the instruc tions of the inspector. The book was therefore still at Micalago, and tbe delivery could not be proved. The plaintiff deposed to Charles Murray, who had charge of goods at Binyab,'statirg tbat the box was there, but tin being searched for it could not be found la tbe absence of the delivery book Mr. Flynn for plaintiff, asked for an adjournment, which was granted. A correspondent to the local paper reports the discovery of extensive caves near a place lui'jwn as L>okdo«n, Bungouia, in the Shoalhaven gulliee. Tbe existence of the caves was suspected and a party went out to look for them. Finding a small entrance in the eide of tbe hill, they, alter considerable difficulty, went in a distance of 150ft., earning upon 1 very larg<3 aud beautiful chamber. Proceed ing further, they found themselves in the bed of a main creek, which was followed for about 100 yards. They then found that a rope was n:'e..R<aiy, and one having been procured loir of the pariy descended, the remainder staying at the top to tee to tbe safety of tho tope. The explorers on descending came upon a room of great beauty, tbe stalactites being 12ft. and 15ft. long, and cf such rich brilliance as to almost illuminate the apartment The party estimate tbat thtey traVelted through the caVeB a dist&n;'ce of five miles. They intend on a future oCfcaeion to go still further. Bungonia is about 20 miles from Goulburn. A cattle dealer named William M'Guigam 52 > ears of age, met hia death by drowning early on Saturday morning. It appears tbat he had been visiting West M&itland;, where he owns some property, for the purpose of buying cattle and other stock. He took bis passage to Sydney in the steamer Sydney, and arrived on Saturday. He was last seen, alive going out from the Newcastle Steamship Company's wbatf at 6 o'clock in the morning, after which nothing was seen of him till about 9 o'clock, when one ot the vessel's crew saw the body floating in the watet neat tbe whari at Darling Harbor. A wat&h; which Was found on him had stopped at aeVen minutes past 6, so that the body must have been in the water for three or four hours. Information was at once sent to the water police, and Senior- constable Starrat recovered the body and conveyed it to the dead-Louse at Circular Quay, where it was viewed by Dr. Eichler. Owen M'Guigan identified the body as that of his father, lately residing at 177 Underwood-street, Paddington. He leaveB a widow and eight children. Two little boys, named Potts and Bazeatt, aged Respectively about 12 and 13, were on Tuesday committed for trial for damaging the signal apparatus on the. Young railway line. Tbe lads are almoBt too young to understand the nature of the offence with whioh they stand charged, and the police magistrate expressed his sympathy with tbe parents at the unpleasant duty that devolved upon bim. It cannot be two well known tbat if malice ie shown the offence is a capital one, and, undei any circumstance, the punishment may be 10 years' penal servitude. The matter will come under notice of the Attorney-General, who will, of course, decide on what action shall be taken. Tbe parents, who are hard-working, respectable people, send their children regularly to the convent school, and were totally unaware that they were not attending. It it to be hoped the authorities will also be able to adopt some course .that will obviate the children being placed on their trial, and, |at the same time, act as a warning to parent* to more closely observe the conduct of their children. A remarkable mirage was noticed at Pihama during last week on several occasions in the early morning (says the Hawera Star). One gentleman repeatedly saw visions of shadowy galloping horses in the misty clouds neat the horizon, and on looking across the plain in another: direction. be,,s$w. a mob of Maori horses, whose forms be supposed wete thus re fleeted and distorted in the sky. Out. toward tbe eea a fotest-^clad island was distinctly visible, and was Been and noticed by. mahy members of the household. Upon another occasion mirage images of bouses and castlee cauld.be seen near the mpuntain, and, perhaps the most remarkable of all, the phenomena bad the appearance of a tall stone tower, reachibg to a great height in the clouds .underneath Mount Egmont The Maoris, who had also noticed these mirages, described to him how they had all seen and watched the progress through the clouds of a ghost-like canoe, manned by the forms of many toiling giant Maoris, who rowed through the mists with great vigor, and in a most uncanny, wraithlike style. The Maclean Municipal Council received a petition praying that tbe Council would hot undertake to purchase any additional lamps, nor proceed to light those already erected. A notice ot motion bad been given for the erection ot 12 additional lamps, but in view of the petition the mover said be would ask permission to witbdraw it. Subsequently it wbf agreed that the lamps which had been erected should be lighted at the end of the municipal year, and that tbe expense in connection with them should be taken from the general fund without levying any special rate. Before adopting this course the Council wijl do well to look at its possible effect upon the .Government, which is in proportion to the rates paid np for general purposes, as set forth in the 164th section of the Act. For lighting a special'rate may be levied under the 165tb section, but a municipality cannot claim endowment in respect of rates so raised. It is understood that the rates levied under the 164th section and the endowment thereon will be spent for " general purposes," and not on other purposes which may be paid for by special rates. To follow the course agreed upon by the Council of Maclean would pe tantamount to an evasion of the law. There bave been unmistakable indications lately of a desire on the part of residents in the country districts to avail themselves of the advantages offered by the Municipalities Act Seven new municipalities have been gpzattfed during the present year, and there are sixmore petitions fir incorporation in the Colonial Secretary's Department awaiting to be dealt with. Two new municipalities—one at Windham and the other at Mittagong—will be gazetted in the course of the next few days. Wingham is situated on the Manning River, about 10 miles above Taree. It is a rich alluvial district, capable ot carrying about 50 times the present population. At present the township contains a little over 500 people. Large buildings are springing up in variout directions, and on every hand there are sign* of piogress. Mittagong will be the fifth municipality in the Camden electorate, and it will rrrrrrnf! complete a cbain of municipalities frotft the northern boundary of Mittagong to MoSs Vale. The municipality will meet the municipal district of Bowralj and will include the villages of frattai and Fitzroy and the township of Mittagong. In Mittagong there are about 150 residences, a court-house, police station, and school of arte. There are about 1500 people within the proposed area. It is fast becoming a favorite residental district, and industries are springing up on all hands. The determination of the New Zealand Insurance Association to charge an extra premium of 63. per £100 upon all houses using colonial ovens is ielt to be a great hardship, as these ovens ate in use in most of the smaller dwellings about the city, and (says the Auckland, Sidr) theie is no evidence that they have been a cause of fire. If, as some landlords and houseowners threaten, people go back to the old camp oven, a much moi6 dafigeroue condition of things will be created, as damp ovens, with their superincumbent aBhes, are often set right out on the hearth. The alternative precaution suggested in the petition which is now being Circulated is, we think, worthy ot the favorable consideration of the rating committee of the United Insurance Companies, to which it is addressed. The petition sets forth that—1. Householders are more accustomed to colonial ovens than range*, and consequently there is less danger of fire. 2 One great risk with ranges is the frequency with which coal falls out and sets fire to tbe floor. Some householders, on that account, bave had ranges replaced by colonial ovens. 3\. That it would press most heavily on all owners of property in the present times if the extra premium is enforced, or they are compelled to replace with ranges, which would cost at least from £4 10s. to £6 10a. each, and would a'so give general dissatisfaction on account of the increased cost of fuel. A very old land-mark of Sydney was blown down during tbe rough winds on Sunday week. This (says the Herald) was the venerable old tig-tree in the domaio, which gave tbe name'to the "fig-tree" baths generations before tfie corporation troubled themselves about tbe ablutions of the populace—the fig- tree, undei whose grateful shade our grandfathers w^re wont to disrobe before plunging into tbe then pellucid waters of Woolloomooloo Bay—the fig-tree, so dear to boyhood's memories—has succumbed, and. has fallen into wreckage through the effects ot time. ColoniBtB used(to assert that this fine specimen of the ficuf family was a grand old tree even in then earliest days ; and there can be but little doubt that it was green and flourishing even when the boats of Captain Phillip firEt pulled round from Botany Bay, and discovered the wondrous beauty of Port Jackson. Tradition fails to record the time when the " fig-tree first became a resort for bathers, but it must bave been in the youngest days of our colonial history. Probably Soldier's Point, from jts proximity to the harracks, was the first public bathing place in Sydney ; but there can be po doubt tbat the civilian portion of tbe population soon discovered the extreme suitability ol the fig-tree for this purpose: And it was used long before Mr. Robinson established his baths higher up the bay, formed by means of an did hulk, moored out some distance from the shore, and connected with it by some rickety looking palisades. The Sydney Echo supplies an abstract of paper on " The Aborigines of Australia," re' cently contributed to the Royal Society ol New South Wales. Tbe writer pointed out that the Ucumble, who inhabited the western part of New England, from the Peel to tbe Sovereign River, took their names from " Ucor," meauing " No." This tribe had tradition that they arrived in the country as animals, and their old men had a great many chants descriptive of what each said and saw on his arrival. The tri v e had a god whom they called " Bvamy" in Ucumble. He was the "all- powerful," the "creator," and the supreme ruler of everything. He was too majestic to mention, and it was with the greatest difficulty that he got them to impart bis name to bim long ago. Byamy residt d in the Milky Way, wbich was his road ; tbe dark patches in which consisted of oak treep, and tbe lighter portions of water. Their ideas of a future state were ratber vague, but tbey did not believe that they died for ever. When one of these aboiiginals saw a meteor he would nay it was " a medicine man throwing a stone from one tribe to another." There waa no end to their belief in forceiy. Their medicine men were clever in setting bones and bleeding, always letting blood from the part that was inflimed with a sharp stone and sucking the wound. They were very dexterous in the use of their stone tools, and turned out work that one could hardly believe could be accomplished with such rude implements. Tbe customs of the Ucumble and other tribes were also noted and described. It was also said that the blacks of Queensland bad many customs common to those of New South Walee. In the month of July, 1887, the the Minister for Lands, Mr. Garrett, appointed a board of itqnirv to consider the wo? kin? ot the land board offices, district surveyors' offices, and in fact every branch of the country administration of the land law. This board consisted of Mr. Coedfr, chairman of the Cooma Land Board; Mr. R. M'Douald, district surveyor, Hay; and Mr. Houston, Assistant Under- Secretary, Lands Department. A large number of reports have been seut in to the Minister, these reports dealir g with the administration of the land law Irom 1885 onwards. It has been found that there has been a great want of uniformity in tbe pmjing out of the law by boards ; in one place tbe Vroaid would be ascertained to be very liberal, if not loose, its action, in another district exceedingly stringent. Certain recommendations bave been made in connection with the report semis in, many of wbich bave been carried outr while others are being considered. In adoJtiou to these reports over 100 special reports hav« been sent In on matters tbat bave been referred to the board by the Minister. Considerable changes bave been made in many districts in response to tbe recommendations made. For vaiious reasons the board has not been able to uninterruptedly'cirry out its inquiries, but it iR hoped that in a short period the work placed in its hauds will be finished. Two moro reports of a similar nature to those already transmitted to the Minister will be sent in this week, and in the course of a few weeks a general report will be submitted explaining fully the scheme for ihe reconstruction of the boards charged with the carrying out f>f the land law in the country. This will be the final report There are (says the Oiago Daily News) many instances upon record ot imperlectly or faultily addressed letters reaching their destination after.more or lets delay, but we bave never learnt of a letter which bore.no name whatever reaching iu destination in doe couree of tide, A letter recently received at Dunedin was posted at Warsaw, and bore tbe following address " Vid England, Georgtstreet, Dunedin." This was naturally a little puzzling to the letter. Of course the pos master opered the letter, but this shed no further light upon the mystery, for it was written in a language and in characters which had a very toreign appearance. The officials to whom it was submitted to decipher were all baffled. One thought it was Coptic, and another, after turning it upside down and in every o-her direction, pronounced it to be Chinese Very bad'.y done. All, however, failed to discover any resemblance to a nnrae in it. At last a young cadet m the effice ventured to suggest that it might be Hebrew, stating that be had seen writing like it at the Rev. B. Licbtenstein's, the Jewish Rabbi, with whom he had been living. He was at once despatched with the letter to Mr. Licbteneteiu, who soon saw enough in it to indicate a gentlewho is a well-known Hebrew Echolar, and who lives in George- street, Dunedin, as tbe addressee of the letter, whereupon the postmaster wrote in the name suggested, which provtd the comet one. In this way a letter, after having travelled about 20,000 miles without any name, reached its destination, had the deficient address sopped at the end of its journey, and was delivered to the proper owner alter no more than the delay of half an hour. 