PIOOTTS OF B'r&OOUE; DAYB. THEIR PLOTS AND PUNISH MENTS. Pigott, the perjurer and forger, whose career ended in suicrdn, is a somewhat unique figure in history. From the peculiar circumstances, of hie pooitiun — he fact that he was nractioallv invited to commit his forgeries, that he was the instrument and not the main. actor, that in short he never calculated, at the time of his forgeries, that he would have lo appear upon oath to support his crimes by perjury— he probably has no parallel in the annals of false witness. He has been compared to Titus Oaten, of Papist Pint notoriety^ whose lying fabrications, first uttered in 1678, led to a panic of fear among the apboldersof the Protestant religion, io consequence of which some eighteen distinguished Roman Catholics, inoluding tlie venerable Viscount Stafford, were cruelly done to death. There is one important difference between the two impostors. Oates succeeded (for a time at least), and so did the villainous brood of the abettors and imitators that his early suoceaa engendered. Pigott failed, and he is not likely to have any imitators. j/Uli ubUMi ** ado »iioi v (a-a w iiw a a en lrssumb of similarity in the circumstances. OATKS AND PIOOTt In the time of Oatea, us to-day, a great ixniMcai smuggle waa ueiuuj mugm* uut. The country was then politically divided into Catholics and Protestants, as to-day it is dfvided into Unionist* and Home Rulers. The conspiracy feigned by Oatea found ready credence because it was notorious that the Roman Catholics were plotting ; as Pigott's allegations received a seeming support from the reasonable suspicion that the Fenians, Leaguers, aod Irish members were all admittedly working for a simitar goal. Ontes was backed through thick aod thin by Slmfte%bc)ry. without adequate inquiry, for purely political purposes; Pipit's forged letters wore accepted as bond, fide by the Tirnis iu their rash anxiety to prove the ocunoction between Partiellism aod cri-ne. Tf we could iiuR^i-ie that I lie people of tliis country at tlie present time were seriously moved by the fear of a revolution ; if all the Unionist* were Colouel Saundenons, tliirtiiug to be the leaders oF Orange rebels, and nil the Home Ku'ers were niiMlirml to out-iuid-out netlHmtion. hv force if necessary ; aud if, further, a crew of Pigotls were to arise aud produce documents, apparently geuutne, proving the existence of a wide-spread conspiracy against the Crown and the Constitution —then it is (faite conceivable (liat tht reign of terror of the days of Titus Oates might retUTD. Happily we live in tiroes when political questions are not settled tiufiht&iue;, and whea great revolutions are accomplished without causing more than a ripple on the peaceful surface of the commonweal. Pigott, bad lie lived two centuries 830, migliMiave proved a dangerous informer ; as it is, he has only proved a poor imitator of Titus Oates. For Titus stuck to his lies and was not ashamed ; but Pigott shuffled and doubled so clumsily that he revealed his villauy to all the world, and finally,- conscience stricken, was driven to take his own life. Hib fate is miserable enough ; bat if we compare it with that which befel most of the luformers of the Popish Plot epoch, the ' good old times' appear at a dis advantage. When the barbaroua eieou tions of Roman Catholics informed ugaiust had brought about a revulsion of public feeling, the stories of Oates and his coadjutors were scrutinised, and the plots melted away. Oatea himseU was sen tenced, for perjury, to be whipped to death. Be was actually publicly whipped from Newgate to Tyburn, but, strange to say, he survived and lived to obtain a pardon. Not another of the PopiBh Plot cencoctnn lived to enjoy the good fortune of Oates. 1/ifce .Pigott, tbeir crimes finally came home to roost, and most of them came to an unhappy end, after suffering much in their later days. Their history is somewhnt interesting at this junctare-in the tremendous indictment of the Parnellite party. The man of the Oates crew who most resembled Pigott was Thomas Daugerfield. Bis chief exploit was ' tlie discovery' of what is known as THB MEAL TUB PLOT. In this the meal tub played exactly the same part as the mysterious ' black bag' in which, as Mr. Pigott made the Times believe, the damning 'letters of Mr. Parnell' were found. Dangerfield, before he took to iuformiug, had been a notorious swindler and forger, with several convic tions against him. He was, nevertheless, a fellow of considerable aooompluhments, and very ready with his pen. By his ?mnonnent ceriain nanen were foum concealed in a meal tub at the house of a woman with whom he cohabited. These contained the scheme to be sworn to by the Papist conspirator*, accusing the most eminent persons iu the Protestant interest, who were against the Duke of York's succession, of treason, particularly the Earls of Shaftobbury, Essex, and Halifax. Fortunately he beg»a too late to reap a good harvest, sod though his stories were very cleverly concocted, and there was no Sir Charles Rufcsell to tear them to pieces, his villainous perjuries were finally brought home to him. Ee was, like Oates, sentenced to be whipped from Aldgate to Newgate, and from Newgate to Tyburn. He bad not the iron frame of Gates, aud scarcely survived the second whipping. As, lacerated and bleeding, he was being taken back in a coDveyauce to prison, and was passing the comer of Batton GarCen, a Tory gentle man of Gray's Inn, named frauds, stopped the carriage to jeer at him. The bleeding and dying prisoner answered with a curse, at which Francis struck at him with a bamboo cane, which entered his left eye, and caused his death. He would probably have died from hie whipping in any case. Francis waa condemned for murder, and died on the gallows. BCDLOK, THE tNFOBHEB. Another villainous informer of the ?arae type was Bedloe. The tale of Oates, though sufficient to convulse the whole realm, could not serve for the punishment of the Papist conspirators, unless supported by other testimony, two witnesses being necessary by the law of the land. One of his chief supporters in his perjuries was this Bedloe, ? noted swindler. Latterly Bedloe started as a ?ort of rival to Oates, and each tried to outdo the other with extraordinary revelations. Bedloe swore to the existence of a plot for the landing of a Papist army and a general massacre of the Protestant*. He alto had his personal victims, but it appears he never suffered from any remorse of conscience, but died in his wickedness, without one sign of regret IBB PATE OP UUOOAUt. A worse fate, however, befell two others of Oatea 's minions, Dugdale am Cantor* Ppgdale was on* of . those concerned in the impeachment t»f Stafford j and later, when Charles II. was bent upou the persecution of the Whigs, the same scoundrel was ready to swear away the life of College, a demajtogoe who had incurred the monarch's dis pleasore. In the end be went stark mad, the result of an evil conscience. He passed away on-' the deathbed shrieking o the bystanders to take away Lord Stafford, whose ghost seemed to haunt him reproachfully. A MISERABLE HMD. Squally suggestive of an inexorable Nemesis was the death of Caratairs. This wretch was another of the crew of Oates. He served his apprenticeship as informer in Scotland, when he /went disguised, to conventicles and then? gave evidence agaioBt the preachers. He, like Bedloe, .escaped the punishment of the law. But bis ' last days were spent in horror and despair at nib own misdeeds. It is told that with his dying fereath he charged his servants to cast hind out like a dog on a dunsjhill, for we was unfit to sleep in Christian burial-ground. OATKS GETS A PBX8I0H. Oates, tf ter all, waa the inost' foVtueate of the dastardly gang of informers of that age. He survived his whippings. Five times every year during fiis confinement he was brought forth from his dungeon and exposed on the pillory in different parts of the capital But the day of triumph came. The Judges who tea teiiced him bad exceeded their powers. Ho survived their , punishment— it waa said he received 700 stroke* on the second day— and lived, as already seated, to receive a pardon. Not only that, l-ut at the same time as the House of CommoDi annulled his sentence it awarded him a pension of Stfi a year— a handsome income in these days. Ecu Oates only accepted it with a cuni»u snarl, as it it were nut half enough for h-« deserts. History shows that the lot of the political informer and perjurer is not a happy one, and the wretched en.i of Pigott only adds one name to a I'-st that is already too long. 