The Advertiser WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1889. ACTIVE preparations are proceeding in Victoria for the approaching general elec-<*> tions. The list of candidates for Parlia-<*> mentary honors Is very long, and there are indications that In many constituen cies a severe contest is expected. At the same time there will not be anything like each a campaign as that which has jast doted in New South Wales. No funda mental political question each as that of free-trade or protection b at stake. In Victoria that particular Issue 1b dead and boned, and nothing elie presents Itself to take ita place. There are a number of subordinate questions on which opinions are divided, but none of them Is Impor tant enough to give 1U title to a party. Thai there la a dan of so called fedora* tloniaia who object to any Increase of border duties, and stand opposed to what are called protectionists, who adhere to the tariff proposed last session ; but the former axe as firmly wedded to the general principle of protection as are the latter. Accordingly it has been said that the coming election Is one that wQI not have to decide any great question, and the choke of electors wiU for that reason be governed chiefly by personal preferences. If this representation is cot exactly correct It Is certainly true that the old party landmarks have become exceedingly faint, and the party designations now possess* little or no significance. Just as'in England the old-fashioned titles of Whig and Tory have gradually lapsed, because they are now in appropriate, so In Victoria it Is not giving a clear definition of the views of a candidate to say that he it either liberal or Conservative. Political changes have done much to bring about this state of things, and the existence of a coalition Ministry for some years has done etill more. When a fusion of parties In the Cabinet is found practicable it is extremely probable that the sharp lines of distinction between Its supporters and opponents must disappear, or at leir. be Ices clearly defined. It follows that administrative rather than legtalattre matters will form the chief topics for discussion duriu^ the eusaiag campaign, and on subjects of tint kind the elections will generally turn. Oue of the questions now under c^usideravion which has to be decided at the oataet is whether or not the present constitution of the Government is to be continued. There are ceceesarilv some member* of bjth camps who regard it with disfavor, and wculd prefer to return to the old lines of party government Among the Liberals a good many complain that they are not as tfticlently represented in the Govern merit as their influence entitles them to be, and they would therefore welcome a trial of strength after the good old fashion. In order to deal with this and kindred topfcs Mr. Deakin summoned a meeting of the Liberal members last week, when the state of the case was debated at great length. Entire satisfaction was expresced with Mr. Deakln's leader ship of the Liberal party in the past, and he was chosen without a ditsentient voice to retain that position. Advantage was taken of the opportunity to review the past and to ventilate alleged grievances, but the general sense of the meetiDg was that better results are gained under a coalition than In any other way. In the absence- of wider divergence In political views than now exists it is ba lk ved that to return just now to strictly party lines would Involve endless bicker ing and waste of time, whereas by the present system good result* are achieved In dealing with the business of the country. Such In brief Is the argument for allowing things to remain as they are, and according to present appearances it is likely to prevail. The absence of any general rallying cry or test question Is very favorable for sub jects of a secondary character, persona! preferences, and Individual fads to come to the front. There Is ho doubt that these will be forthcoming daring the cim paign in bewildering abundance and variety. Besides the question of coalition versus party Government there will be ench topics for debate as the limited dura tion of Parliaments and Parli&meatiry; procedure. In Victoria the latter is a pressing eubject, for the loss to the country from stonewalling and other ob structive tactics, to say nothiug of the In ordinate length to which debates each m that on the address in reply are spaa out, is nothing less than a scandal and a disgrace. Then there are the cognate topics of extending the protective system, federation, and intercolonial free- trade, which In the political creed of Victoria as now developed are closely associated. At there la not to be any fierce fight on a single topic, a group of social and religious questions will acquire special prominence, those interested in them thinking the time peculiarly oppor tune to have them dealt with. Among these matters are the extension of the franchise to women, local option with or without compensation, and religious In struction in public schools. On all these topics candidates have began to express themselves, and the list might be almost indefinitely lengthened were local objects ,'nclnded- The addresses of members who have already met their constituencies: show a remarkable amount of discursive ness, and ft seems as though there were at present neither programme nor policy to attack or defend. M.?t of those whp have come forward seem, like Hal o' the Wynd, to be each fighting "for his am hand." As time goes on political sentiments may crystallise andjnore distinct divisions be come apparent, but I: is scarcely likely that the elections will assume any ap pearance resembling that of the party war* fareof bygone times. The Hon. James Ser vice, who, as a veteran, possesses some right to speak with authority, though confessedly on the shelf, recently stated tiiat he did not know anything just now that could create a party, aud with a touch of his old spirit he described the talk about it as " asinine bray." If he is light the elections will depend more on the personal character of the candidates, together with local preference?, than upon their political creed. Dvv.usc the past few weeks various scraps of disquieting intelligence have been transmitted from Central Asia, all paint log'to the conclusion that Russian iatrigae 1b again busy in Persia. Early In Decem ber Professor Vamb£ry, in an atticle In the Pest<r-Lh>iid, referred to the "diplo matic triumph" which England h?l achieved in causing the river K%run to be opened to the navigation of the world, lhis measure was generally regarded as a threat to Russian predominance in Persia, and was at once met b/ the dispatch of a peremptory note to the Persian Government, demanding the recognition of the right of Russii to extraordinary trade privileges. The Shah declined to make an amende for what H. de Giera chose to construe as an infraction of the commercial treaty con cluded some years ago between the Rus sian and Persian Cabinets. Rassla belag a thoroughly practical country in such matters, it was thought probable that she would prefer a rectification of the frontier to |any mere apology, however abject. Nor was the supposition altogether a mis taken one. There are two parts of the boundary—Azerbljan to the west of the Caspian and Khorassan to the east—where the Russian Government has long been atupected of covetous designs. Until lately, the former seemed to be the mure likely scene of aggressive activity, it being believed that the great northern Power wished, and intended, to wring from the Shah all the Ptwian territory bordering on the Caspian Sea. But re cent events seem to Indicate that Kho rassan will be the not to feel the steady and relentless pressure which hvi crushed one khanate after another, until the inde pendence of the whole Is now a thing of the past. M. de Giers in December last, in a note to the Bhah, demanded the exten elm of the jurisdiction of the RusaUn Consnl-General at Resht to Meshed, the capital of Kiorassao, where It is supposed to be the Intention of Russia at the fin: opportunity to carry a branch of the Transcaspian railway. There are two reasons why Russia should covet Meshew^ each quite sufficient to ac:ount for her longing. In the first place the dty is so dtuated, wl h regatd to Herat, as to be of the highest strategical value should linteU ever invade western Afghanistan. Should the Sh?h ultimately consent to £he construction of a branch line to Meshed, the Russians as a consequence would have direct railway communication to the neighborhood of the great Afghan fortress. But, accor:ing to Professor Varabt-ry, there is another object in view of evea more vital consequence to England. All the preterit talk among Russian o'li^ers atd i riiclals in Central Asia has reference to securing access to the sea through I'cisla. Since the agreement arrisvsd at 18 months ago, as to the exact coarse of the Afghan frontier from the ileri Rud to the Osar, there ould he no possible dispute about the main course of that stream. Russia could only encroach in the npptr Oxas region, where Sir Peter Lumeden and other military authorities arc unanimous In believing that there dees not exist a pass practicable for an army. The Russian Government wera bound, for a time at least, to respect the frontier jointly dilimited with England. A breach of this agreement by Russia would constitute an unequivocal and timely warn ing of her intentions in regard to India. For the moment therefore, according to Pro fessor Vambiry, the Russians have aban doned the idea of acquiring territory at the expetse of the Cabal Government, The transfer of Khorauan aud its capital from Persia to Russia would place the latter on the high road towards the Indian Ocean, and were England to offer opposition to her acquisition of a p 'rt, Herat could be threatened from Meshed, thus compelling the Indian Government to look to their de fences in that direction. Jt was rumored after the overthrow of the Teke Turkomans at Geok Tepe, nearly seven yean ago, that the Shah received a com munication suggesting the expediency of bis allowing the Czir to administer Khorassan In hit name. Nasr ud-deen turned a deaf ear to that overture, reply- Ing that he thought he could manage the province himself without extraneous aid. But the Musco.vite mind is wonderfully tenacious of any idea which It once entertains, and there would be little cause for astonishment were another and more pressing request to be addressed to Teheran, demonstra ting the imperative necessity of Persia granting now the concession ehe then re fused. The latest intelligence undoubtedly gives point to this theory, since detach ments of Russian troops are described as In process of transmission to Odessa, in readiness, It is enppoeed, to be shipped across the Black Sea to Batoum, whence a descent upon Khoraasan by way of the Caspian would offer no Insuperable diffi culties. It was to establish themselves la Kfcorassan that, according to Professor Vamte*ry, the Russian march of Invasion swept onward to Samarcand, Bokhara, and Khiva, without a halt or hindrance. When the Oxua valley was brought under submission, the next foreseen enterprise was the redaction of the southern Turko mans. In order to accomplish this the maritime stations were founded on the Caspian, and claims advanced to the line of the Attrek. Pretexts were iv due time furnished which served as a plausible ground for an advance. Re pelled in one campaign, the itassians were victorious In a second ; aud to choir how deeply In earnest the invaders were they determined to connect the conquered province with the Caspian by railway. The Incredulity with which the intelli gence of its commencement and progress was at first received in official circles in England did not obstruct the engineers and laborers, who carried the ironway on ward with unfaltering, unhesitating spaed, until last year the line was com pleted as far as Samarcand. The strides last made are regarded by Professor Vambery as nothing less than a prelude to further advances. The Attrek line, which the Russians acquired by treaty with Persia, Is viewed no less as a base ofjjoperatlo s against Khorasiau than against India. The Russians, frjm their position on the Persian frontier, command a perfect view of Meshed, and at do remote date It is conjectured they will] be masters of the gorges which command the lower Heri Bud. Follow ing well known tactics, they will easily create troubles beyotd their frontier, which will serve as pretexts for further advances into Per*ia; and by swif cor slow degrees, as opportunity offers, they will approach gradually, or by leaps, to the realisation of their obvious design—the acquisition of Khorascan from Ashoorada Bay to the Afghan boundary. To meet the danger of a Russian invasion of Afghanistan, by way of the Persian frontier, no less than to preserve the Integrity of the Shah's dominions, it Is indispensable that a better understanding between Persia and Turkey should be brought about. An Impecunious exchequer and a corrupt and feeble administration have made Persia more easily the prey of Russia, to whom British diplomacy has, too long, abandoned the important provinces of her northern frontier. This blunder would no doubt on the first appearance of danger be quickly retrieved ; and just as the moral and material aid of the Sultan has been assured to British policy in the Soudan, so there Is no reason to suppose his Majesty would offer any obstacle to a British proposal to enter the Black Sea and reinforce his army in Armenia and elsewhere. The idea formerly enter tained by military authorities as to the Impossibility of an advance to India by way of Armenia has been exploded, aud a descent upon the Persian Gulf has been regularly reckoned amoDg the disagreeable contingencies of Russian-Asiatic policy. TtiE excellent rains which hare joat fallen In the northern areas will Intensify the regret that is already ao londly expressed In those parts at the refusal of the Go* veroment to lend seed wneat to distressed farmers. The season has begun aus piciously, and should thousands of acres, many of them fallowed last winter, re main unsown because the filinistry takes a narrow and commercial, rather than a broad and national view of the situation, public indignation will grow in proportion to the excellence of the opportunity which has been lost Mr. Coles turns the cold shoulder to State tenants who aik for a loan of seed wheat at a trying crisis, and his excuse for each, action Is that Providence never Intended wheat to grow on the land for which the seed is wanted. We take leave, however, to denbt whether Mr. Colea Is so far ad vanced in the secrets of Providenoe as he professes to be. Indeed, it would seem tlat Providence is entering at vigorous protest aad taking sides against the Go* veroment. Already heavy rains have fallen twice this year upon the land which Mr. Colea dcdaresincapable of grow ing a crop, and which he advises shall be again handed over to the squatter. Nor are these rains lost, although they have fallen before the eeed is In the ground. Having pasced through the upper soil they nnd a lodgment below, and form a supply on which the wheat plant can draw for sustenance as soon as its roots extend downwaids. The experience of nearly a score of yi&ra;' wheat culture in the nt rth proves that the very beat seasons are those where early rains stimulate tie plant into a healthy and luxuriant growth which enables It to hold out stalest the vicissitudes of the later months. A district which has produced splendidly tv the put is the Black Kosk Plalo, but here a large area will remain tnajwn uultts the Government reooa elders its decision. Mr. Playford ts as piously averse to " tempting Providence" as Mr. Coirs himself. The argument of the Ministry is that the land has not paid and never will pay for wheat-growing. Ttr's may be true ot some of the hundreds lying farthest to the north, where most of the lacd has already gone back to pastoral purpucer, bat It Is certainly not true of the country from which the most urgent appeals have come for the loan of seed wheat. Mr. Play ford can himself be called as a witness on this point. Before the Laud ComniU slon he said—"l paid a visit to th?t country (towards Coomooroo) at the time, and travelled round Blaok Rock Plain. That was In 1878, or 1879. The lowest avenge wheat crop I then saw was about 17 bushels per acre, and it ran from that op to SO bushels, and that you must re member was country beyond the line of rainfall—that line, aB a matter of fact, Intersecting Black Rock Plain." What has happened before will very probably happen again this year, and the colony is exposed, owing to the action of the Ministry, to the risk of losing a sum com psred with which the £25,000 which It is proposed to expend on eeed wheat is a mere fleabite. Worse than this, we shall probably lose a number of useful settlers, driven away in despair. There is no probability of a private subscription meeting the large requirements of the caae, and tfae distribution of the wheat would be liable to the same abuses as oc curred five or six years ago when a similar fund was subscribed by the public. On the contrary, If the district councils were appointed to distribute seed wheat pro vided by Government, and to recover payment for tha save after harvest, they would take care that unworthy persons or those not really in need of assistance were not supplied, and would also take step? to ensure repayment. Few Governments have ever loaded themselves with a more formidable responsibility than that which the Playford Ministry has undertaken in refusing to assist a most important class cf the community during a great crlaU in aerlcultnral settlement. The Collector of Oo?toms in reply to the Utter appearing in Tuesday *6 Advertiser signed by "Old Trader," in which it ia sUte4 that there ?ie eeriooa delays at the Otutom Hoaae, Pott Adelaide, because the officers are afraid to give decisions on very ordinary things but 6(bd thenl on to Mr. flay ford to settle, deaires ue to state that there are no seriuua delays, nor are the Customs officials afraid to give decisione, the fact bciog that the Treaiarer is never copeclt?<i or referred to bj the Oa?toau in tbtii decieioi,B trxaept in cases where the im porter dbpotee the duty fixed by the Castoms, Thtn the matter is forwaided to the Tra?iarer (ot his tiding. Occasionally • question v sab mitted Co the Treasurer Opou ,a point; ppon which the Oastoma . fipp%rjtaattat. is in donbt. with a request that the Girewi ment^ analytical chemist nay report on the question, but for months put no such msttar baa been Bent to the Treasurer. A system of bonuses to engine drirera on the South Australian railways is about to be introduced, by which means the commissioners hope to induce the utmost care and caution on the part of those in charge of trains. It ia pro posed in every case where a driver has for two years run his trains without accident, and has altogether got a clean record for that period, to donate him a special Bam of £10; and the eoai miseioners of course wuh that every driver ia the Btryice will be able to claim the bonus. Instructions have been given to the Loco motive Engineer to proceed at onoa wish the construction of a combined dining and sleeping car to be used on the railways. It will be adapted to the broad Range only and will be about the game proportions as the boudoir cars now G£ed on the intercolonial line, but the weight and cost will be znuob lew, Messrs, Nicholson & Scammell, solicitors to the Glenelg Corporation, on Tuesday served a notice on the Glenelg Railway Company, re quiring them forthwith to discontinue cunning locomotivea engines in the streets of Glenelg. At the same .time (they wrote to the company that should they pay to the corporation thU week the ram of £250 permission would be granted by the corporation to the company to again run their engines aa heretofore during the current municipal year. In a leading article in oar issue of Taesday it was stated that " the officer who passed the celebrated ivory beetle wag fined £10 for, in the opinion of the Treasurer, wrongly inter preting the tariff in respect thereto." We are requested to state that the officer in question was fined because be did not take a fair sample of goods out of a case opened in bond for the examination of the official whose pro vince it was to fix the duty. An interesting, article from its London correspondent was recently published in the JUonthetter Guardian, in Which detaili of the career of Cardinal Manning were given. After discu&ing; this great authority in the religious world, the correspondent proceeds to speak of ccc to whom he refers as "an even more conspicuously erand old man" in the follow ing terms :—"The venerable BeojatmnPhilp.it, late Arckdeaccn of the Isle of Man, was bjra on J&LU;&ty; 9,1790. Ue was educated at the Gran>m?r School of Bury St. E-laauods, where he was a contemporary of tbe late Birsn Alderson, and at Christ's College, Cambridge, whi re be obtaiotd a fellowship. His daughter is Mrs. Bradley, wife of tbe Dean of \7e?t minster, and the archdeacon officiated at the wedding cf one of his granddaughters in the Abbey only two years ago. It was then re marked that his voice was infinitely stronger and clearer than that of Canon Westcott, who also took part in the service-" The venerable archdeacon ia father of Mrs. Henry Gawler, and we believe even now, though at the ad vanced age of 99 years, is in perfect health. He still speaks occasionally at public meetings, and within the last two years has preached for bis friends. The CommistioDer of Public Works has communicated to Mr. G. F. Hopkins, M.P., in rt ply to erquiries * intimating that no mora men are required for the railway works oa cue etction to Angle Pole. Mr. \V. A. Horn, M P., has written to the Franklin Harbor District Council offering to supply seed wheat to needy farmers of Franklin Harbor to the extent of COO bags in the event of the Government finally declining to render assictecce in the desired direction. Toa oaly security required by Mr. Horn is the pledged word of the farmers receiving the seed to repay him frcm the first proseeds of tbe near crop. The weather in the gulf on Tuesday (writes cur thippirg reporter) was rather baffling to meteorologists, for in the afternoon the wind was from tbs westward, and then suddenly it fchifUd in a moet violtnt puff, which played havoc with some craft. The awning of the ileanor was blown away, and by some means tbe Jean Pierre loet her gaff, while the Pro tector's pinnace, which was out sailing for practice, was capsized. The squall passed away quickly, and the wind settled down to a fresh tea breeze. Oar attention has been drawn to a courageous act on the part of a member of the police force wtich occurred on Mocd^y, At about 6.20 pm. as a tramcar wss piocce&c;? np Grenfeii-street a ooliuioa occurred with a carrlige. Tbe driver of the carriage was thrown underneath the car, which was brought to a stop, and a police constable who was riding in front of the car jumped out and crawled underneath the car toextrioate the ■nan. During the whale tune the horses were very restive, and be received a severe kick on toe shoulder before he was able to get the driver out The latter was badly shaken but otherwise unhurt, while the side of tbe car was damaged by the shafts of the carriage. A meeting of the St. Ignatius branch of the Hibernian Anstralaaian Catholic Benefit Society (Adelaide district) was held in the j Catholic Schoolroom, Bridge-street, Kensing ton, on Wednesday. February 22, Bro. K. ' Smith, P., presided over a good attendance. After the usual routine business the delegates gave in their report from the half -yearly meet ing of the district, intimating that the chief item to come under notice was the great re dection in initiation fees. The report was received. The president then introdnaed and welcomed the district officers to the meeting, and they suitably replied. The dietrist presi dent strongly urging the-president to ksep , strictly to ttu? rul? of the society. An ecquiry into the sudden death of Thomas ' Ltocaid Ccx, aged 4 years, son of Mr. J. Cjx, ot Grren'e Plains, was held at Crystal Brook oo February 23. Tbe mother of the child, v-ho is etajire at CrjsUl Brook, stated that although deceased had been subjected to croup binse he was a few months old, he erjojtd fairly gecd health until bia last fodden tllcesf. When tbe child became til Mrs. Cos gave him a tcatpoonful of salad oil and a solution of alum and water, but as this did notaetmto relieve him the sent for Or. Smith, but before he arrived the child had expired. The doctor declined to give a burial certificate as be was of opinion that death was not due to croup. A post-mortem examination was made, and it was found that tbe cause ot death was inflammation of the brain, and the jury re turned a ronUct in accordance with the medical teeUUiuny. The following letter touching matters agri cultural in Zew Zealand has been received by Messrs. Harrold Bros, from a correspondent at Chriatchurch. the date being February 11: —'-' Tbe harvest is now in roll awing, and is at the present time at a very critical point. If the weather keeps fine for another fortnight we shall nave one of the grandest gatherings in Canterbury has experienced for some time past, Tbe wjittr has lauetly been visiting tome of the country districts, and can speak from what be has actually seen. Paddocks on cue estate — tbe atea under wheat crop is S.6CO acres—will not yield less than 35 bushels to the ace, smaller farm?, say with 200 to SCO acres, jielding 60 bushels, and one paddock of 67 acres, tut and stacked, of over 80. The straw of the last was 5 feet 7 inchea. So heavy are many of the crops that the reapers are not allowed to fill themselves on account of making too large sheaves. Oat crops are corres pondingly good, and potatoes also." A meeting of the West Torress Political Da bating Association was held in the HinOmarsh Institute on Tuesday evening when the subject of free trade versus protection was discussed. There was a good attendance. Mr. £. W. Palmer occupied the chair. Mr. L. H. Berens advocated tbe claims of free-trade, and be was opposed by Mr. B. Nash, M.P., who contended that the theories advanced by Mr. Berens were impracticable He asked what our position would be if we were depen dant entirely npin our pastoral and agricul tural ptsitmts. At the present time we hid many ol tbe farmers asking the Government to ptovide them with seed wheat, 'foe city and the suburbs contributed toe largest {■mount of taxation to the oeffera of the State, and consequently be considered it ia only right tbat the artitan classes should be benefited by means of a taiitf which would pive petmanency of employment to ttum. He enumerated a long list of industries which bad been called into existence by the new tariff. About 200 new industries had been started through protection, and he pointed out that whereas Mr. Hooker, of Kilkenny, had only paid £70 per week in wages before the new tariff came into operation, be was now paying I as much as £230 per week. Protection bad already done much for South Australia. It would do much more, and he only regretted ihat onr tariff did not go far enozgb. Mr. B. Gould, M.P., also spoke in favor of proteotion, ?nd Mr. Berens replied. The St. Petersburg correspondent of the tocdon Daily Telegraph says:—"An order to tbe army has just been issued the importance of which in the present posture of European fefiVuu cannot be underrated. It transforms the nnits of five of the twelve light brigade* of the Boesian army from four battalions*into f onr regiments of two batta! bug each. Tbe same oidtr provides for the transformation of threa battalions of the reserve into regiments of two battalions." The Vienna correspondent of the Mar.dard writes:—" The Russian army, in all its branches, is undergoing a thorough re organisation, more logical and more effective, ?.nd likewise moreinacooidance with the present ttate of military science, than any reform hitherto attempted. Deficiencies are fouod out as the first step to reform, and the unknown mover in thi? matter is tnVing not only Russia, bnt tbe world at large into his confidence. With rare candor the Russian authorities are publishing the censures of the generals on the troop*. Even in countries with a free press and Parliamentary control it is not usual to make known, as was done in tbe Bosnian papers quite recently, that the repeating rifle oauaot be introduced at present because the firing,of ifce infantry,is?o.bad. that aiming bring ?3 ennktufactory (hat the better rifrFwouldOoly molt in a waste of ammunition." The principal 'feature of the new Hussion arm? reform is the segmentation of tbe nnits, which there is superabundant material to filL" It is curious to thick (remarks the Broad Arrow) bow gradually in the naval eervioe we may be growing to put a premium on little men Except in the stokeholds, muscular power is falling to a discount; power ie growing to be wholly the product of steam, or rather of beat, and what is in demand is the intelligence to control and apply the power. Not only so, but a?, according to modern ideas, most of tha fighting on board ships is conducted in boles or barroWF, not easy of access by big men, the in telligence asked for is a maximum, combined with s moiniicum of body attached to it. Etthar the guns are worked by hydraulic piwar generated by beat, and requiring no human muscle tbat a child might not supply, or else the mountings are bo balanced and ejoi potsedasto require the gentlest and not tiia toughett handling. .Even tbe big marine has a look of incoDgraotuntes about him wiita writhing in and out of the cogs and levers c .oi po?ing the interior of a modern warship wnidb Old not encompass him when in old days wa saw turn furling the boom mainsail ot a britf. And even in tbe stokeholds they c?nnot an i>a big men, else what ishoutd we cay to the ferrat like duties of wriggling into boilers, throuzh manhole*, and amid the ramifications of tha donble bottom? Tbe long range rifls and gus is tilling the necessity for big mea even in action on shore, and probably the cavalry horses which carry the lightest men wilt last the longest. What a chance for tbe little men if we had to come to a maximum limit of height with a minimum girth of chest and. head as our standard ! At the office of Messrs. F. Prince & Oi., Graven etteet. Strand, London, there is on view(eaj? the Pall Mall GazdUc of January IS) a new form of berth or a winging bed for ship*, the use of which is intended to make sea sickness a thing of the past, and to render a trip acron old ocean a mere pleasure outing for even the most nervous of persona, and tho*e with the most delicate constitutions. Of course, it it the invention of an American, as are co many good things. This time it is Mr. Godwin, of .Lynn, Massachusetts, who has taken upon himself to make ocean travel a pleasure. The real invention is a sort of swing for supporting a ship's berth, and maintaining it in a lev*l position, however much the vessel may pitch or roll. It is an, adaptation of tha rotary movement of tbe ball-and-socket joint to a scat of wooden hammock. Brackets an screwed into tbe walls of the cabin, provided at their outwardly projecting ends with logs, to which are secured the base pieoe of a ball and socket joint. A spindle, passing through tbe ball, rapports a beam provided in the centre with an aperture into which tbe lower end of the joint passes. The berth is sus pended to these beams at all four comers, and works easily and noiselessly. Oar retrestntative, who is well acquainted with the inconveniences of the find berth in oceangoing ships, was asked to enter tha Godwin berth, and found the awing from ride to side, and also from front to back, per fectly eaty and pleasant. The invention has also been tested with great success on one ot the Allan line steamers from Liverpool to America, when even the "roaring forties" were found to nave no unpleasant effect upon its fortunate occupant. It has also bees trial on come of tbe vessels of the London, Chatham, and Dover railway between Uaisu and Dover with equal success. It will doubt less be quickly introduced into other ship*, especially of those great lines whose principal aim in life seems to be to seek oppartaaituH for making a sea voyage a matter of luxury, and whose ships every year bring over and carry back co many thousands of our cousins from across tbe herring pond. The toboggan and switchback were fairly well patronised on Tuesday evening. Tbe facsimile of the Strasburg cfosknad a large number of viators on Tuesday, both adults and children attending in Utge onm bti?. There was a very large attendance at fits meeting of the newly-formed Port Adelaide Draughts and Chess Olnb held on Thursday evening in Knapman's Buildings, and great interest tetmei to be manifested ia tbe games. Entries dose this afternoon fur agricultural implements, machinery, wool, South Austra lian industries and manufactures, and the on enumerated section in connection with the Eoyal Agricultural and Horticultural Society's show. The bszsar in aid of the building fond of St. Mary'tf Hall, Norwood, was ouuaual us Tuesday, when there was a very fair attend ance. Through an inadvertence in our rep Jrt en Tuesday eta Sisters of Mercy were referred to instead of the Children of Mary ai fading ia charge of one of the stalls. The cool change in the weather had tbe effect of inducing large numbers of skaters to visit the Exhibition Rink on Tuesday evening. On Friday evening tbe prices fo?r almunja will be reduced, and a number of racai for representatives of ihe various trades will im contested. On March 7 a eje'ingcarniv.*! in connection with the Norwood Qyoiiag Ciatj will be held. A special train will leave Aielatda for Stratbalbjn on Thursday morning for the pur pose of conveying visitors to the Strathalbyn Show, and a special train will also leave Stratfaalbyn in the afternoon. The entries far live etcck closed on Monday meht, and it is ex pected that there will be one of the bestexhitHts of stock, including sameeiJeodid bollocks from PoltaUcch and HimimM^n Tqtftiyf firer wen in Strathalbyn. Meftm. M, J. Clarke & 00\. on behalf of tha London publishers, nave sent us tne new edition of "Alton Locke." Tha reoentrevela tions with reference to the sweating system ia England will give this book special interest to all who make Us acquaintance no w for tha first time. In parts of "Alton Lxke" Charlos Kiogsley ia seen at bis best, both as toetyla and matter. Messrs. Clarke &. Co, have also eentns Miss Yonge's "Tne Trial"and the fitat volume of " Pillars of the House." In thsse cheap editions Messrs. Macmittan & Co. are doing themselves great credit. Binding, paper, and type are excellent, Metsr*. H. P. Vaughan and T. G. M. Green will exhibit at St. Luke's schoolroom oa Friday evening, by means of a large and very effective compound phantasmagoric lantern, • number of views of the River Thames, pra ductd from photograph;, and come illustrations of Cbatles Diokens's well-known story of " Marley's Ghost." The views, which somber about 100, will be exhibited for the first time in Adelaide. The lantern was sent out from England to tbe Melbourne Exhibition, and is cf very superior construction. The entertain ment is to be given in aid of a fund to pay oS tbe debt upon tbe church. Judging by tbe attendance at the Theatre Boyal on Tuesday the popularity of the Majetoni company ia nightiy i'wrTtring. as there was an excellent house, and the powerful drama "Fedora" was produced in a manner that has induced many patrons of the tnsatra to n qnett the management to repeat it, bat it must give place to-night to Signor Majerosi'c masterpiece, bis representation of Corporal Sin- cnintbe famous play of tbe ''Old Cor poral." In this character be has appeared with great success on more than SOO different occasions, and as be will have the support of bignora Majeroni as Mina de RanUterg, aj sell as the other members of the company, end a full chorus with organ accompaniment, there will no donbt be a crowded house to witness the performance. the advertisements with reference so amnsemsnJi appear on the seoood page. Ihe Bible Christian Conference will meet is Voutg-tUttt I'curch this morning. Ibe City Volunteer Battalion Band will girs a coi.ct.Jt in tbe Boionda tnls evening. Tea and public meetings in connection with thi fraf er Memorial Caaten Hill be held tats evening. An eLro'tncct in connection with the City HiUtU CiLqaov v.iii tale place at the Staff Office thu evtcing. A ercoke social In connection with tbe Eiriy Clos irq Association will take place at the tiel&jrne; Betel tha ereniog. A concert will be picea in the Glenelg Town BUI this evening, at ntich ?tr. Otto tfUcaei and ota? prcmictot BiDgers wul take part. ? c hare received trem Ues*ra. Sands * Mcnoas*!! thur monthly dUry for Marco. We nave alia it ceived the A BCdiary bom Keasri. Wniliai mai Oimiston. We have received a copy rt the Sortken, Territory Jtvies anxamc aad directory, which contains a Ur<a •moubt of inlotmatian concerning the most nonaera portion of the colony, tt is a aomeirhst ?hucul*r Uc? that do reference to the visit pill by (be Minuter of Education to ihe Kortbern Territory last year U made. 