Australian Tales and Adventures. No. 15. a strange story. By B. P. WHITWORTH. The story I am about to relate is a strange | one. Ia it true 7 I do not know. Judged from the stand point of every day experience, I should eay that it ia impossible that it could have, happened, and yet, marvellously and totally unaccountable as it teems and is to me, I cannot but believe it to be positively and absolutely a fact. It is one of those things which cannot be explained, and whioh will not be explained away. We live oar visible life, as it were, passing over a narrow bridge lying between two im measurable gulfs, that behind na being the irrevocable past, and that before, the in scrutable future. What these gulfs contain, what is called the unseen world, whether anything or nothing, tangible or intangible, science tells as nothing about. Do, then, the disembodied spirits of the dead ever return to earth. I/«t my story tell what I think, and cannot but believe. Many, very many yeari ago, when I was a young man, little more than a youth in fact, just come from England to seek my fortune in this fair land of Australia, I had made np my mind to become what was the summit of so many ambitions, a squatter. I must tell you there were two of ns, myself and my cousin, Jim Welsh* a son of my father's fister. He was of abont the same age as my self, and I waB deeply attaohed to him, as he was to me. Wo had been at school and col lege together, and I mention this latter to show that we were both tolerably well edu cated, and therefore not likely to be imbued with the superstition and fanciful credulity that so often go hand in hand with ignor ance. As I have said, we were deeply attaohed to eaeh other, a oase of Damon and Fythias, or Orestes and Pylades, or, better still, ol David and Jonathan. We had come out in the same ship, and had vowed never to separate, but to itiek together through good and ill. We hadheaxi tnd read in England of the free wild lifo of ;he Oftttle kinge, of the boundles* plains, and breezy downs, and grassy glens of the land of the Southern Cros*, and our hearts swelled high with hope that we too, some dsy,Bhould become, as they were, lords of the soil. But to become tquatters, it was necessary for as to know something about squatting. We were fairly well provided with funds, and had some good letters of introduction, and acting on the adviee of a gentleman who hr.d known Jim's father, we determined, before venturing into a business of which we knew nothing, to go, for a time, on a Btation, and gain oolonial experience. Sheep we would have nothing to do with. The life on a shoi p run did not suit our ideas. It was too tame a kind of thing for us. It lacked the epice of romanes attendant upon cattle breeding. There was none of the headlong gallopping through' the crashing timber, and down stony defiles and steep gullies, the camping out be neath the giant gum trees in the solemn bush, the cracking stockwhips, the cabbage-tree hats, the Una shirts, the breeches and boots, and the other glories that render the life of a stockman so desirable—on paper. Therefore, on a cattle Btation would we go. There was no groat difficulty in the matter. There were plenty of equattera who would willingly take us on their runs, and " break us in "—for a consideration, of course. One of these offers we accepted. It was on the station of a gentleman named Macgregor, a canny old Sootchman, which was situated on the upper part of the Ooulburn river in Vic toria, and which embraced some eeventy thousand acres of good open forest oountry, tarrying about eight thousand five hundred head of cattle. We.went to work in right down earnest to learn the business, and I may fairly say that we succeeded admirably. We were both toler ably good horsemen to begin with, and as old Maegregor was a rigid and exaot man, who would have his work done thoroughly well, and as we were anxious to learn, we, ere long, were turned out really good bushmen. So much so that after we had been with the old gentleman a little over two years, he pro posed to us that weshonld take the sole charge of the station during a visit which he proposed to take to the old country. Nothing conld have snited us better. Yonng, ardent, our own masters, with work that we took a delight in, we jumped at the offer, and ere another month, he had departed on his home trip, and we were installed in the large comfortable house of our employer, practi cally " bosses " of the situation, and certainly, monarchs of all we surveyed, for the nearest house was Carfrae's, over the ranges some twenty milei away. Oarhonse, as we considered it, was a wooden struoture, of many rooms, having a wide verandah round three sides. It stood on the erown of a swelling down that formed the' home paddook, and that sloped away paGt a small oreek that formed one of the affluents of the Qonlbara, to tbt foot of a range of hills abont five miles away, and that ehnt in the view to the north. Through thiB range, and exactly opposite the house, was a dip or gorge, known locally as " Macgregor's Gap," and be ing the sole means of communication that existed between onr peaoeful valley and the feverish world whose heart throbbed so fiercely outside. Most of the house was oloBed, for there were far more rooms than two bachelor's could possibly nse. We each had a bedroom, entered from the front verandah, and our common sitting and dining room lay between the two, and was as well our office, smoking-room, library, and musie-room, for Mr. Macgregor had a good seleotion of books, and a splen. did pianoforte and harp for the use of his two daughters, who had accompanied him home. Our household consisted solely of our two selves, Aleo. Payne, the head stockman, who slept over the stables, an ugly and hot. tempered old Scotchwoman named Meg. who eooked and did for us generally, who lived somewhere in nnknown parts at the hack of the house, and who elaimed to be distantly akin to the " Maister," and tyrannised over as accordingly, and a singularly handsome eolley slut named Fly, who Iooated in spots, indifferently in mine or Jim's bedroom, at her ovfn sweet will and sovereign pleasure. The station hands had their huts at con siderable distances, and we rarely saw any of them, exoept when they cane to the house for rations, or on other business. Halcyon days, indeed, were those we passed in the soft, sweet Australian spring. Fishing in.the Ooulburn, shooting in the hills, kanga rooing on the flatB, with plenty of healthful employment to keep us from rusting, who eould have been happier than Jack Alley ne, that was myself, and Jim Welsh, the managers and residents of the Gap Station. But our time of unalloyed happiness was not to last. The blaoks took to spearing our cattle. Why they did it we eould not tell, for we had always treated the few who had shown np on the run with the utmost kindness. Where they oame from we oould not conjec ture, for there were praotioally none belong ing to onr immediate neighbonrhood. None, in faot, of any account, nearei than the i Wurigil tfbea of Gippsland, XheywereiferstioaKBd miiobliTOUlinoMb ■ wo know! but we could not imaginejtliat thoy -would lenvo their natiYG haunts ro far!nwny, tho southward, and cross tho till but -inac cessible fastnesses of the main range to do us an injury. We eoald not aocount for, their presence, we^eouM find no reason for their net?, noless, indeed, they wero noma wander ing tribe who had been badly used by the white man somowhero, and were revenging themselves indiscriminately on friend and foe alike. But there was the unmistakablo fact. We wero first made aware of it by Aire, our head stockman, riding up to the house in liolha'ite one forenoon with the intelligence. lie had, so ha informed us, been out to one of the oattle camps, and returning by the foot of the hill had came across blood marks on the grass. Following them tip he had found the remains^ of a young atrawherry heifer, one of oar choicest breed. The blacks had carried off some of the flesh, and had left the rest to the hatvks. Was ho sure it was tho black a who had dono it ? Quite sure. There was no mistake nbont that, for he had seen the mark of the spear thruata. Hi had ridden up to the hsuse as fast as he oonld, to seo what was to be done. What was to be done? Ah! that was b poser. Find the marauding scoundrels. Just so. But where to find them ? Where to look for then? They wero miles away, no doubt, gone this way or that, who could toll ? it was our first experience with blacks, that is to say with mischievous one?, and we were com pletely at a loss how to act in the emergency. Jim and I, calling Alec, to our counsel;, Bat np kte that night discussing tho matter, al though with.bnt little result further than that we determined to keep a strict look out for the thieves in future. We might as well hare saved ourselves the trouble. Da what we eould, rido to and fro on the run, early and late, as wo might, we never oould oomo across them. Had we had native trackers we might probably hove found their trail, and hunted tkem off, for the blacks have a wonderful instinct, and inaturisl love for this bloodhound kind of work—it is strange, indeed, how the partially civilised aboriginal takes a cruel delight in tracking and, it may be, slaughtering his own countrymen, even those of hi* own tribe, but so it is—but we had no trackers,and were totally unacquainted with the bushcrafl and tho thousand mid one shifts and tricks of these cunning denizens of the woodn and wilds for concealing themselves and rinding pursuit. But nt their presence wo hid ample proof, for hardly a day passod that wo did not got reports of fresh o"trAge«. Not content, with slaughtering an occasions! beast for food> they had, as is their wont, taken to spearing our oattle indiscriminately, r.nd (or sheer love of bloodshed. Who could tell how soon they, treachoroQB and vindictive as they were, would fly at higher gams, and would take to killihg human beings as well as cattle. At all events we went continually armed, wo and the stockman too, with'revolvers, and should doubtless have given rood account i f some of them, oould we have found them, which as I have said, we could not. Then for a time came a cessation of hostilities, as it were. They seemed to have quitted our part of the eounlry for we had no further alarms, and were just beginning to congratulate ourselves in hiving got rid of onr troublesome vi-itor*, when almost simul taneously we hear-d of no fewer than three fine young head of oattle bang .'ound slaughtered in widely different pirt« of the run. We were at our wit's end, but clcarlj something must ba done, and at one?. Tuis kind of thing oonld not be permitted to go on. But how to prevent it! Why the wretches had elected to commit their depredations on our run, or whether they had extended them to other parts of the distriot wo did not know. Again we hold a council of war, and again wo felt ourselves powerless to cope with the cril. Wo felt certain that the blacks were about in force, but whether they were a,imped in the dense bush thut bordered our run, or whether, aB was most likely, they had their ho«d quarters in the rugged mountain ranges to the north ward of us, wo were unsMc to say. It is as certain however that they wero not located en the run, as, had they been, we should have been suro to have fallen in with the marks of their fires, if not with the ruins of their wurleys of branches of baric. We sat late in the night without having arrived r.t any settled plan of operations, further than thv.t Jim Welsh had expressed his determination to rida over to Cirfrae's the following morn ing! and consult with our neighbour as to what hftd best bo done. Perhaps that was tho best thing after all, for Mr. Oarfrae had been a long time in the colony, and might reasonably be suppojed to be better acquainted with the habits of tho sava;?e trfces, and tho best method of dealing with them than we. Still, I felt a strange, and altogether unacoountable repugnance to letting Jim go. A singular vague premonition of evil which would not assume any tangible shape and which eluded my mental grasp at the same time as it would not bo laughed away. After an early breakfast, Jim saddled his horse, and prepared for a start, ridiculing my groundless fears and attempts te induce him not to venture. His argument was unanswer able " Our plain duty is clear," he said, " we have already lost something like a score ol our prme'cattle, we have been totally unable to put stop to the misohicf, and unless we take-some decided step there ia no telling what the result will be." I oould not contradict this, of course, and oould ouly advise him to be careful, and to keep as much as possible in open country. Never fear," he replied cheerfully, " I am well armed, .and the black scoundrels have too wholesome a terror of the white man's thunder and lightning to vohturo within ooooy of me." Notwithstanding this, it was with a sinking at my heart that I saw him tighten his girths, vault into the saddle, and canter gaily over the grassy stretch of the home paddock in the direction of the gap. I watched him nntil he was out of sight, shading my eyes with my hand, from the bright rays of the morning sun, and then I turned into the house with something like a sigh, determined to drive away my uneasy thoughts by writing long letters home. ' In vain, the inspiration wonld not oome. 1 blundered and bungled through my corres pondence for two hours or more, and then gave it up in disgust. I was ever haunted by the shadow of a nameless, formless fear, a hidden terror, that, like the "Dwellers on the Threshold" of which we read, I bad no dis tinct comprehension, but whitih was, none the less, there. It was a clear warm day, the silence was almost oppressive, and by-and-bye, lulled by the faint but ever present hum of the bush, I fell into a light bat troubled slumber. My dresims, if dreams they oonld be called were, as my waking thought! had been, " without form and void," yet dimly shaiowered by a presentiment of impending ill. I know not how long I slept, but all at once I waB rouBed from my unrest, by a long, loud, half howl, half wail of a dog, so weird, bo in expressibly sad, that it seemed to turn my very blood to tee: I awoke with a start, and went ont at the open door. As I stepped out upon the verandah, Fly, our aollie dog oame whining and oronohing to my. feet, and orouehed tremblingly behind me, as if .in mortal terror. At the same moment my eyes were blasted with a new Gorgon. Ooming slowly op the path, not twenty yardi from me, and gliding rathor than walking, wa* a form, the form: of my oousin, Jim Welsh, whom I had Been start for Carfrae's some hours before. Pale to lividnoBs, shadowy, ethereal, with a look ol pain on his erstwhile handsome faoe, and & I ortmson blotch o! blood welling Horn • deep gash in his brenst. I stood as if turned to marblp, powerless to move, powerless to spoak, powerless, almost, to think. Was I still dreaming ? No. There he was, plainly palpatio btforo mo. I felt my eyes dilute. I felt my hair stiffen on my head. I folt my heart throb as if it would burst, and still all I could do was togazo entranced and epell-bouDd in silent, namelets hoiror. My breath Mine fast and thick, and as it came nearer and still nearer, with a supreme effort I gasped rather than spoke " Jim\"_ The form waved its hand in the direction of the gap, a smilo spread over the anguished countenance, and then it slowly melted into air. "Was I then mad ? No, do, a thousand timei no, although it was surely enough to have driven mo so, I was as sano as I am now. What it was, or whether it was, I did not, I do not speculate. I only know that I saw it. I tell you I saio it. For a time I stood inca pable of motion or reasonable thought. Then oame tlie reaction. With a hoarse, harsh half laugh, half sob, I bounded forward to where it had stood. There was nothing, I might have known that. I did know it. I ran round to the stable, hastily saddled a horse, snatched up my revolver, mounted, and hatless, eo.itle3s, as I was, galloppcd down the home paddock. Where was I going? I hardly knew. I had but 0110 feeling, one idea, that of bitter vengeance on the perpotratora of this foul deed, for that a foul deed had been done I knew only too well. I headed for the rocky bluffs that formed the G-ip, and bathed in perspiration, and with the hot fire of hatred at my heart, sped across the intervening down. Did I think ol dangor, of death perhaps, to myself ? No, Rjvengo 1 lV;ven;;o 1 Soon I reaohc-d the G.ip. All still, all silent. The grim walls hemmed mo in on either hand, but told me nothing. Deeper and deeper into the gloomy d< file I passed, deeper and deeper still, but nothing. Not a sight, not a sound save the clatter and ring ot my horse's iron shod hoofs over tho rough boulders. I dismounted, and slowly led my horse ovor the rr ggod track for it was un safe to ride. More dismal, more wildly soli tary grew the scene, a quarter of a mile, half a mile, a mile, and then— At last. There he lay. yea, there he lay. All there was left of him. Of my friend, of dear, true hearted, handsome Jim. Dead 1 Dead I Alas 1 Alas I DjadI Deadl Killed by a spear thrust, treacherously hurled from behind a rock, as hn was riding, or probably leading his horse, through the defile. A epeat thrust which entering his back, had come oat at his breast, and had deft his heart in twain. There, at my feet, on his bnok, with a smile on his pallid lips, gazing blindly into my face with glazed eyeB, as if in mookery of my unutterable woe. Do 1 feel 'shame in saying that tho tears fell hot and fast from my eyes upon that cold faao, that my kisses were impressed on that lifeless hand, which had never before met mine save in tho warm grip of friendship? Not I. A man sheds tears but seldom, hut when he does, they are, as it were, tears of blood. How long I stood looking wistfully into the face of my dead friend I know not, I felt my heart throb almost to breaking. I felt my. brain whirl into dim nnoonsciousness, and then, kind heaven sent relief to my over charged feelings. The grim defile, tho bush beyood, It at my feet, seemed to swim round me. All earthly things were blotted out, and I fell forward in a swoon, and all was dark. Bat the awakening, oh 1 the awakening. But the awakening, oh 1 tho awakening. I found myself lying on a coach in tho front room of onr house. I awoke as it might he after a heavy Bleep'and I know not where I was. For a time I lay only partially oon Boious, yet still entirely consoious of seeing forms I knew around me. Alee. Payne, Doctor Rae from tho township, and a female with a faae strange to me, stood round my bed. I lay, dimly trying to gather up the tangled threads of memory, which seemed to have been woven into a kind of inextricable con fusion. I tried to raise my hand, and it fell baok on the oounterpane, seemingly as heavy as lead. And then, I spoke, or rather, as it ■eemed to me, someone else appeared to speak my thonght, so weak and gasping was the voice. "Where am I?" I asked. " Thank God," ejaonlated the Doctor, " thi worst is over. - Kind and memory axe return ing." "For a time I lay still, trying to think of the meaning of what he said, and then, as in an instant, the tide flowed. It all oame back to me. All, all. The mysterious visitant, the gloomy gorge, the dead body of my friend at my feet. I had as they told me, been fonnd lying across the corpse of Jim in the gap, found by Alec. Payne, who had from a diBtanoe Been me galloping wildly in that direotion, and who, Buspeoting something was wrong had followed on foot. I had been ill, very ill, nearly at deaths' door, down with a violent brain fever, for days', ever since, bat, thank God, the danger was past. As for the appari tion I had Been, Dr. Bae disconraed learnedly onpsycuoiogy una K...r,rcu to his own satisfaction, doubtless—tbi»t t>: the time I saw it, or was rupposcd to havi Been it, I was under the influence oficcipitn' brain fever, induccd by worry and work arti1 the trouble consequent on the ravages madt on our stook by tho blacks. Ho persuaded mc that it was all fancy, imagination, the out come of a heat oppressed brain, Ml H*«rn?t o' it, by whioh scientists try to explain the ur. explainable. Perhaps he was right. I do not know, common sense wn-ilil toil me that he war right, and that it wao only in m;. own dis turbed brain and mind lhat fatal virion had been. That is, no douht, a mlli-ripmly lucid explanation, but for all that, 1 buj , as Suuke spearo says " There are mora things in Heaven and earth Horatio Than ever yon dreamt of in your philosophy." I say with regard to tho spirit or ghost, or what yon will, of poor murdered Jim Welsh, my oousin, and my heart's friend, as I have Baid before—I Baw it. The decipherers of tho papyri which have been brought to Vienna from El Fayoum, have learned from one of them tho existence of a town in lower Egypt, all tracc of which seemB to have disappeared for the last 1,200 years. The document ia a pnpyrtis, a little over 1ft. long by lit. wide, containing a mar riago contract in Greek, and is well preserved. Tho date is not given, but.Profefsors Kara bacok and Wesseley beliovc it belongs to the early part of the sixth century. The bride groom was named Theon, tho bride Maria. Sho had a fortune of her own amounting to 100"gold pieces, and tho future husband en gages to find for her food and clothing, and everything Buithble for '• an ordinary legiti mate wife." There aro witnesses and a notarial certificate. All the parties are de scribed as belonging to the town of Juatian opolis. The editors dcclaro that they can find no mention of this place among any lists ol the towns, eto., of Lower Egypt. Forty varieties ofrico arc grown in Bar. mah, the latent additions to the territories of Great Britain. These rango in hue from white to black. Burmah aleo produces many other kinds of edible grains, ono of which ia known as Job's Tears. Acoording to Dr. Thomas Mooro this gra?a derives its name from the large, round, shining fruit it bcarB, in which can bo traced some resemblance to tears. It occurs in Japan at wall e* thi Asiatis continent. 