B i"®0 STICK. ' — " A lonely hamleVin foe depths of a Moravian pine forest. Ifc consists of but five low cottages, built of rough etones, and thatched .With straw. For light the peasants burn pine togs upon- the hearth. The flickering gleam of their red name shines through the small windows and i3 lost in the gloom of the forest. The summer night is dark with clouds, and the moon has not yet risen. Tae wind soughs softly over the top of the pines, otherwise all around reigns "the completes stillness. . In a small room in ono of the cottages five men sit around a rough table playing Gards by the light of the pine logs and smoking, short wooden pipes; They are, all of them, of middle age, between forty and fifty, browned with the ; sun and the wind. Their beardless faoes are covered with wrinkles, and their bristling hair is cut short. They wear roughly -knitted home- made jerseys, and are barefooted. In a comer of the room a woman sits on a , wide bed, rocking with her foot a cradle in which a baby is asleep. Two bigger ohildren sleep on the bed behind her. The woman has a rosary in her hands and is telling her beads. The men do not speak, except when the game requires it. They are playing for marks only, which they make with a piece of chalk upon the table. The monotonous amusement lasts an hour or two. Meanwhile the woman has laid herself down on the bed and gone to sleep. , At length the old, smoke-stained wooden clock strikes eleven with a dull sound, resembling that of a cracked glass. As if at a word of command the men rise at once froin the bench, and shuttle softly from the room. The last or them, a man of middle height, who limps on one foot, carefully puts out the fire. This is the owner of the cottage, Skokan. Outside his companions waited in the yard. One of them had in his hands four rods, each about three yards long, bent in the form of a bow, and a pole. All wore something fastened at their sides which looked like a bag. When Skokan had taken from under the eaves a little, roundish bundle of rods and another long pole, ho also fastened a bag at his side. That done, he whistled to a small dog to come out of his kennel, and then they all left the yard together, Skokan closing the gate carefully, so that the dog should not get out. Leaving the road at once, 'they entered under the dark Vault of the branches of the great pine fvnoc a tpaivI w-ift cnnVon nmnncr For half an hour they passed on following , Skokan, sometimes through the thick woods, sometimes through new plantations, where the branches of the young trees beat roughly against their faces. At last they came to a little brook that wound its way through the thickets. There Skokan stopped. ' Mates,' lie said in a low voice, 4 we will stop hero and rest, so that we shall not go heated into the water.' They all sat down on the spongy moss, un able to see one another in the dark. ' Listen, mates,' went on Skokan. ' I have heard a report. You know, mates, that we have worked together these twelve years, and up to now they have not caught any of us. But yesterday evening I heard something.' What then?' asked two voices. The third man was silent. 4 You know Frantishka, who was my wife's friend, is in service with die bailiff.' Ay, what then V assented again the two voices. Yesterday my wife went with her to vespers, and Frantishka told her that they say that we ought to keep an eye on you, Zinka. They say that yesterday morning you were talking for a long time with the bailiff and the forester at the office.' The man who had hitherto kept silence answered quickly, I went to the office to pay the rent.' But Frantishka says that you were there a long time.' 4 Skokan. you are not fooled by a woman's chatter,' answered the man who was addressed. ' All these years we have worked together you have never doubted me. The forester was there only by chance. ' Well, mato, I did think it was just woman's chatter.' agreed Skokan. ' I don't believe it.' 4 Nor I,' said the other two. 4 1 ha ve only told you, mates, that there was something said,' replied Skokan, easily. ' Now we are cool, let us go down to the mere. AV e can j ump the stream easily just below here.' The men were poachers, and to-night were going to catch carp in one of the Count's meres. They had been thither often enough before, they and the villagers, too. For they all poached — in the winter, game, and in the summer, carp; stealing out at night when the moon lose late, from their quiet cottages in the lonely woods, to return at dawn, soaking wet, and numbed with cold ; bent sometimes with the weight of the carp in the bags on their backs, and sometimes with the pain of a gun shot, and sometimes leaving behind them on the forest paths drops of blood to mark- their steps. Now and again a man never came home at all. Many of them had no occasion to poach. They could live well enough on the produce of their fields and meadows. But the poaching was n passion with them. Of them all, the most daring and the most experienced was the limping Skokan. What a number of carp that man had taken home from the Count's fish ponds for liis children to eat! His wife also secretly took the fish round for sale. The neighbouring country priests bought them for Friday, tho schoolmasters, and sometimes the gentlefolks in the neighbouring towns. By means of this trade with the Count's carp, Skokan and his companions were piling up a nice little heap of florins. The highest ambi tion of the Count's game-keepers was to catch Skokan in tlieact. Butall their ingenuity hadbeen TT- _1 i- ' ' uiuitti tu HI v<uu. xie always gut away. The poachers rose and groped through the dark to the edge of the stream. They knew the place well. Three of them had already jumped the brook. Only Zinka remained. Then he jumped, too, but, alighting on his right foot, gave a sudden shriek of pain. The same instant he checked himself, and was silent. ' What's happened, Zinka r' asked Skokan, quickly. : I jumped on the stump of a tree, and have hurt my foot.' In fact, he had jumped barefooted on the stump of a young pine, which had been sawn half through aud broken off. A sharp splinter stood up like a finger, and had pierced the sole of bis foot. 4 It pains me fearfully,' moaned Zinka. One of the poachers tore off a strip about four inches wide from the edge of his bag and gave it. to Zinka, who bound his wound with it, and. having picked up his rods, limped after his mates. 4 My wound will get washed in the water, and after a few days it will , be quite well,' he com forted himself, bearing the keen pain with the quiet philosophy of a rough.na.ture, not a little assisted by the fact that he had something heavier than the pain weighing upon his mind, vffiready he had set down his .wound as. a judgment pome upon, him for the treachery of which he- had been guilty against his mates. Forhewas ieadinghis friends, with:, whom he had poached ever, since he whs a lad, and more ; particularly Ids old, faithfuL triie inateSkokah, ! into a trap which the Count s game-Jkeepersiiad. Only the day before "the Cbuufs. "baliffhad sent for livm to come to the office, and there had said to him dryly and shortly : Zinka, all the world knows that you poach with Skokan. Now, j if you will not tell us where Skokan goes for the fish, so that we can take him in tho act, understand this — the time is coming round for the conscription. Your only son will have to staud, aud we will have liim enlisted, without ! any chance of his getting off. You will not see 1 bun, 'Zinka, for fourteen years — perhaps never ;; agafo.' Ihe bailiff's threat struck Zinka dumb. 'Now, . if you wfll tell us, continued the bailiff, 4 when and where that old rogue goes poaching, and we catch him, I willget your son. off from the conscription forever. - Zinka and his wife- had no child except Tomash. Dearly they loved him, mid often they talked to each ' other how they would give him a cottage and marry him, and reckoned up whether they had pat by money enough. Al- ; ready they had their eyes on several peasants' smart young daughters who would do for him. But the conscription ! Fourteen years in the army I Zanka knew very well that he had been for some tune in evil odour With the bailiff for Lis poaching and that it was out of revenge that the bailiff would get Toinash enlisted. Weil, he oould save Tomash. But he must betray his old and faithful mate. To steal carp out or the Count'amere — in that Zinka saw no harm at all. But to betray his mate, who helped him to steal the carp, that seemed to Zinka the idlest baseness and degradation. The conflict in the poacher's soul Was fierce. Against his friendship for Skokan his instincts of a father battled hard, telling lihn that his first duty was to his own flesh and blood. But for all that he hesitated. The bailiff saw it, and began to de scribe to him the hardships and miseries of the fourteen years' military service. 4 For the smallest neglect,' said the bailiff, 4 a soldier has to run the gauntlet, to be wounded with swords iu the sides and back until his steps are printed in blood !' And of course the soldier might come home a cripple, with only one foot, or without a hand. 4 Your Honour,' broke in the voice of poor terrified Zinka, 4 the Lord's will must be done ! This is a mean, shameful deed. I know it. But I will do this to save my son. It would be the death of his mother if they took him away.' The bailiff smiled quietly, patted the poacher on tho shoulder, and said: 4 You are a good - aud worthy tenant of his lordship's to give in formation against these people who rob him. No w tell me when and where Skokan be going i for the fish.' 4 Your Honour, to-morrow at midnight we are going down to the big mere,' replied the poacher in a trembling voice. He felt as if at that moment his heart was being crushed in a vyce. 4 Good. The forester will attend to it. If Skokan is caught they will let you go. And,' he added, 4 they will know Skokan by his limp.' Then he changed his threatening tone to a pleasant one, and set the poacher at liis ease, saying : 4 Wo will get your son put down on the list as short- sighted, and he will be clear of the conscription for ever.' Zinka thanked him for his kindness. He had still to explain which way the poachers would approach the mere. After that the bailiff let him go. On his way home Zinka was very unhappy about having betrayed his mate, but he did his best to comfort himself with the assurance that what he had done was his dutj to his son. But not a word did he say about what had passed, neither to his son nor to his wife. And now he was on his way to the mere with his mates, with Skokan, whom a warning against him had reached, but who, nevertheless, believing iu his previous fidelity, had given the warning no credence. His other mates trusted him, too, Novak and Jarosh. Zinka was sure of it, and it pained him the more that he had betrayed them. They were making their way now through the thickets downward from the higher ground. A few hundred steps and they were on the edge of the wood. A narrow ribbon of meadow lay before them, and beyond it, surrounded with rushes and reeds, the black surface of the wide mere ; black, because the sky was strewn with thick, dark clouds, through which the rays of tho moon, that had just risen, glimmered only now and then for a moment. Two of the poachers undid the bundle of rods which they had brought, bound them in pairs, in the form of a cross, and fastened upon their ends strong nets which they took out of their bags. The nets thus constructed they fastened to the ends of the two poles. A few words spoken softly, and then they silently took different ways to the different parts of the mere. The mere, lying in a hollow, was in the form of an acute-angled triangle, whose sharpest angle pointed towards the west. The dam at the other end lay toward theeast. The poachers ! came out of the wood directly against theapexof the triangle. Skokan limped along the northern 6ide, and with him Jarosh with the net. On the southern side were Yinka and Novak. They all looked for the places where the openings in the bushes offered a path into the water. Three of the poachers had no suspicion at that moment that in the thick, leafy "branches of the alders, that stood dark around the borders of the pool, and in the shadows of the tangled willows, weie hidden the Count's game-keepers and woodmen. Only Zinka knew that, and sorely the upbraidiugs of his conscience tor mented him. For a moment he thought that he might take his mates away-from the danger, but then he remembered with a shudder the fourteen years' military service and .the lost a A«IJ ia/ve UHmn ha raanharl 4th a nnn< 4ha tlllUQ ««U. uv chill of the water was comforting to his fevered Hood. Only fifteen steps from tho rushes the water was clear, where the carp come to feed in the night. : There the poachers let down their nets, in which, when they were, after a short time, lifted from the water, there were always several large fish. Zinka1 s hand trembled as he lifted the slippery carp out of the net and put them into his bag. Every instant he expected that the game-keepers and woodmen hiding themselves amid the alders would present themselves before his eyes. Novak's face brightened; with pleasure at the size of the fish. Skokan and Jarosh were fortunate, too. On both sides of the water the carp were travelling rapidly out of the mere of their lord and master, the Count, into the. bags of the poachers. . In the valley round the mere not a sound of living thing was audible ; only the reeds, bent by the wind, rustled together as did the dark leaves of the alders and the tangled branches of the willows bending down over the rushes, and, at .a little distance, the ceaseless whisper ing of the, pine forest was audible. The dark ness was profound. But the quick eyes of the poachers,-: accustomed to the gloom and prac tised to recognise objects in the darkness, catttiou6ly stole arofind, even at tho busiest moznenlaof their labour, spying keeynl. and seconded by sharp hearing, to observe the i approach of any danger. Suddenly the hoot of an owl sounded through the silence of the 1 night. It -floated over to Zinka and Novak ffom tiro north. Both bf them instantly, as if j they had been struck by a shot from an invisible weapon, dropped their fish, stooped down to jklieir iiecka.in the water and Ma themselves " against the high reeds. A short time and again the "lioot was repeated. . Novak crouched against the reeds, softly and silently drew tho net to himself, cut off the net from the rods i with a knife and twisted it around his neck. Then he softly let the rods and the pole go in the water. He knew that the hoot of the owl . had really come from Skokan, who, iu a dim shimmer of the moon's rays peeping for a moment through the torn clouds, had seen with his quick eye "a gun-barrel glisten among ! the branches of the alders. In an instant he had guessed that the mere was surrounded and had given the owl's hoot as a warning sign to his companions to take flight. Crouched against the high reeds, the poachers could not now see what was being done around the mere. They could not sdb the game-keepers creeping out of the thick hushes on both sides, near the apex of the mere, nor how they came . along the banks in order to cut off the retreat to the woods. The forester and the game-keepers, in the hands of one of whom the long gun had glistened, waited, listening breathlessly to hear the splash somewhere in the pooL They had reconuised the owl's hoot as an imitation and knew that that was a sign for flight among the poachers, whom they had seen arrive and wade into the pool. The one of them who rebognised the limping Skokan had permission from the forester to shoot at Mm. At the others they were not to shoot under any cir cumstances. The poachers, guessing that the game-keepers would wait for them near the upper part of the pool, crouching down to their, necks in the water, waded cautiously! along by the reeds in an eastward direction, downward toward the dam, in hope of getting out of the mere and taking flight to the wood. Saving their bags filled w iih carp was not to he thought of. They let them go in the water, and the carp struggled aud wriggled in the bags until they succeeded at last iu getting out the same way they we at in. Softly and cautiously the poachers crept along through the water, so as not to disturb it, lest they should be betrayed by the splashing. Skokan and Jarosh, having waded first of all about a thousand steps by the tide of the rushes, crept out alter warn into tae deep. There, hidden hy the darkness, and by the mist which rose from the mere, they swam sileDtly forward in the dark, where it was impossible for any human eye to descry them from the bank, downward toward the dam. When they reached it they crept in among the alders, pushed their way through them to the top of the dam, crossed it on all fours, and slipped down behind into the thicket where they were safe. They were not together. Neither knew anything of the other. iSkokan, with Ms lame leg, had dropped beMnd in swimming. At that moment the wind for an instant cleared the clouds from the sky around the moon, and the moon, a few days past the fall, shone out clearly over the mere and the wide woods. On the southern side of the mere, about half way to the dam, Novak crept out of the rushes, leaped up on the bank, and like a frightened stag, shot with monster strides across the meadow into the woods and disappeared. The gamekeepers saw him plainly, but it was impossible to catch Mm. Zinka, too, had crept far from the place where they had caught the carp, and waited for the clouds to cover the moon to take a similar flight to the woods. He was greatly distressed, both with anxiety about his com panions and with the pain that his wound gave him. The bandage had slipped off it, and the sand and the mud had got in. His foot had swollen considerably, and pained him so cruelly that more than once he Was near swooning. He wetted Ms face with cold water to keep away the sensation of faintness. Meanwhile he awaited momentarily, with a feverish terror, the report of a gun, which would bring down one of Ms mates either to the earth or to the depths of the mere. Grouched up to liis neck iu the water against the lofty reeds, he folded his hands, swollen with the cold water aud looking up into the sky, in wMch the black clouds hurried in dark flight from west to east, prayed with a wild fervour, 4 O God, give my mates a chance of getting away safely ! ' Once more tho heavy clouds veiled the scene in impenetrable darkness. Zinka raised himself. But scarcely had he got upon Ms feet when he became aware of a burning pain which seemed to mount from Ms wound to his. head. It was impossible to tread upon that foot. But fly he must ! The game- keepers would let him go if he cried out, but that he dared not do, lest Ms mates should know that he had betrayed them. - Anxious to avail himself of the momentary gloom, he waded cautiously out of the water and the thick, sticky mud, and, parting with Ms hands the rustling weeds, emerged .at length on the high bank and, limping, made Ms way with long springs towaids the woods. Suddenly again the clouds broke. The moon shone out in all her brightness, lighting the mysterious dim woods, and gleaming in silver threads upon the mere, rippling beneath the wind. The sudden brightness filled the flying poacher with alarm. With a great effort he hastened with all his strength his halting steps. At that moment a red light gleamed inhis eyes. In the quiet of the night foe report' of a gun rang out startlingly, and rolled on, repeated by the echoes of the woods, till it finally died away. The moment after foe foot Zinka stumbled as if he had been struck by lightning. In the light of the moon his form stood out biack against the grey meadow, close by a thicket. Several tunes he mastered Mmself by on ol?Arf o+ loof rnllnrl nvrai a a o efifloil aU WiiVLV, V«V WW groan broke fromliislijps pressed against the damp moss. Then everything was quiet and the dark body lay stilL Near the place whence the foot was fired, a short whistle sounded and was answered from the other side of the mere. It was the sign of the game-keepers that their hunt was ended. At the head of the mere the game-keepers and woodmen gathered in aknot round one who whispered : 4 That limping beast will give us no, more trouble.' Skokan ?' asked one. 4 Ho rolled over ; didn't you see ?' - - 4 At last !' said anofoer.- None of them went near the wounded man, lest he should recognise them and give evidence against them, or, more likely, try to revenge himself. Leaving the mere, they took their way through the dark woods. The report of the gun made the three poachers Mddenin the wood start. All of them knew that one of of their companions had been shot at. Skokan and J arosh, hidden under foe dam, knew that the shot must have been fired at 9Snkn. or Novak. Novak, being nearer, was sure that it was fired at Zinka. Nearly an hour passed. Novak listened an xiously to assure himself .that foe gamekeepers had really gone, and hearing nothing more of them, ventured at lastout of foe thicket. He was soaked to the skin and was shiverin g with . fear and cold. Cautiously ho looked around the meadow and suddenly stopped, rooted to the ground with horror. About forty steps off , a man with uncovered head sat in the moon-, light near a thicket. He was .pressing both : hands to his face, and moaning as he rocked . himself from right to left. 0 my God, my God ! Then he fell flat on his back and his hands dropped powerless at his sides. The moonlight shone out more clearly, and Novak recognised Zinka. A few steps, without considering whether he . was. in danger or not, and he knelt on the grass by his side. In a stifled voice Zinka was whispering to Mmself, 'Jesus, Maria, Joseph! that cry of the peasant in his moments of agony. Suddenly Novak remembered his wonted caution of a-poacher. Quickly passing his left arm beneath Zinka's knees and his right arm around his shoulders, he lifted him and ran away with him to foe woods. There belaid him down again upon foe moss and asked , him : Where are you wounded V On the right side, in foe ribs,' whispered Zitika, and added, 4 Nothing has happened to the rest of you, please God i' After a time he whispered, pressing his hand to his breast, 4 1 shan't live ; they have settled rae.' Novak, put his thick, swollen hands to his hps and imitated the cry of an owl, 4 Tu- whoo, tu-whoo I' Bending down again over foe wounded man, ho took out Gf Ms pocket a well-corked bottle, opened it, and said : 4 Taste a little powder, mate. It will drive out the sting.' Zinka took the "bottle in his weak left hand, lifted it to his month, and poured on his tongue a few grains of gunpowder, rolled them in his moufo for a few moments and swallowed them. That is with the Bohemian . poachers a favourite, preventive . against the evil consequences of a wound. 4 It is no good, whispered Zinka. Willi a sad smile he went on 4 The shot has gone into my lungs.' And, as he spoke, he coughed and the blood ran out of his mouth. Again Novak imitated foe hoot of an owl. and this time the cry was answered from a short distance. The boughs of the pines rustled, and presently Skokan appeared, pushing his way through foe underwood. Zinka has received the - whole charge in his lungs,' Novak whispered into Skokan's ear. 4 It seems to me foey have finished Mm.' baokan bent over Zinka, saying : 4 It a I, mate, Skokan. Zmka, feeling with his left hand in the dark, touched Skokan's face. It was the touch of a hand of ice, and he spoke disjointedly. 4 Mate — you're alive — please God — forgive — for Tommy's sake only child — fourteen years — foe gauntlet — ' He could say no more. There was a dull, rattling sound in his throat. Skokan could find no meaning in his words. Leaning toward Novak, he whispered, 4 He does not know what he is saying ; he is delirious. Spread out the nets and we will take Mm home. They spread out the nets, taking them from their necks and laying them out one above the other on foe grass. Opening them to half their breadth they laid the helpless Zinka in them, lifted up foe ends of the nets, and proceeded in to foe depth of the wood. There tliey found a narrow path which wound like a snake. Many a time had foey taken their way along it, bending under the weight of the fish they had stolen. Five times foey had led, or carried home, a wounded comrade. Zinka half lay and half sat in the net. Now and then ho sighed, and the rattling sound was audible in his foroat. They proceeded thus for half an hour through the thickest part of the wood, where the rays of the moon were unable to pierce the branches, though she shone now brightly. Presently, again, Zinka began to murmur some unintelligible words. 4 Keep quiet, mate,' said Skokan. 4 You'll be all right presently.' It seemed that Zinka heard, for he remained still. The poachers hastened as much as they could.. At last a light appeared before them, and after a little while foey were on foe edge of foe wood. The moon shone down clearly with her soft light, the wind had dropped and the sky was cloudless. Where the path joined the road they laid down their burden on the soft, fresh grass moistened with dew. The moonlight fell straight on Zinka's face. It was as wHte as linen. A face carved in ivory might have looked so. With a sudden start Skokan put his hand to foe pale cheek. It was cold as ice, stiff and stark. In the glassy eye, that seemed to start from its socket, the dim moonlight re flected itself glitteringly. 4 Jesus, Maria ! It's all up with him, ex claimed Skokan. Starting up, Novak caught his hair with both his hands, as if he would with a single wrench tear it from his skull. 4 The woman and the lad will go road,' said Novak. He was silent for a moment and then asked, more as if speaking to himself then to Ms mate. 4 But how did the game- keepers guess that we were going to-night — ' Ho stopped, and continued, in a cautious voice, .almost as if he feared lest the dead man should bear his words : 4 Skokan, what Frantishka said was true, then.' 4 1 thought cf that, -mate, too, but — God knows,' said Skokan, aa if loth to judge the dead man. .. 4 You are foe stronger, said Skokan, carry Kim home. 'Tis not far. I wfll go in front and tell Ms wife that there has been an accident. He rose from the ground as he . spoke and limped away. Novak drew together the four corners of the net with both hands, knelt down by the corpse, and then, turning away from it, threw it up upon his back, rose, balanced himself, and pro ceeded with his burden alon" foe lane. On his rio-ht the head and one hand of foe dead man hung out of the net. On the other side jogged a wet, naked foot. And at foe same time, in the dim depths of the Wood, sounded the melo dious soug of the thrush welcoming foe ap proaching dawn. He was soon in sight of foe cottages. Al ready a fire had been lighted in one of them. Towards that he directed his steps. Some dogs, barking wildly, ran out to meet him, then, recognising him, were silent and sniffed at his ; burden. From foe cottage fikokn n came out to meet him, and foey both of them took the dead man m their arms. They "think he is only wounded," whispered Skokan hurriedly. A woman half -dressed, "barefooted and with her hair in wild disorder, followed almost at Skokan's heels. It was Zinka's wife. She had her son with her, and from the lips of both of them broke foe wild, heart-piercing peasant cry, 4 Jesus, Maria, Joseph I' The wailing son helped the poachers to carry his father. 4 1 always told him it would end like tin's one day,' said the woman. And calling liim 4 Joseph, Joseph ! she put down her hand to Ms face. In an instant she drew it back. \- 4 The five wounds of foe Lord Christ " He is as cold as ice ! The poachers carried their mate into the " — — - — M little room, where thfi flickering), restless flamor of foe resinous pine danced on foe hearth. They laid Mm 'on a bed. A einglelpok at the glassy eyes, in which now foe red flame of foe nig, as the moonlighthadlte roaad woman and hoy, as if a flash of tightning had struck them to foe earth, fell oh their knOes beside the bed, m wild, harBh tones, shrieking rather than crying, 'Jesus, Maria! Jesus, Maria 1' -Then a wailing without words, broken and piercing, filled foe little chamber. The two poachers stood hy the hearth look ing now at foeir dead companion, now at the weeping wife, now at foe sobbing son. The same gloomy thought haunted them both. Perhaps some dark night foeir end would be foe same. The minutes passed. Yhe May light crept into foe room. . Skokan turned his face toward the hearth, and. looked thoughtfully at the shaking flames. Then he put on another pine log. The fire took fresh life and burned np again. Again the dogs barked. Blow steps came across the yard,' and Jarosh walked into foe room. .. Unable to find Ms mates, ho had returned home, and seeing .foe light, had come to Zinka's cottage. The woman and foe youth did hot notice. With a few signs and half a dozen words Ms mates enlightened him as to what had hap pened. Then for a while foey took counsel softly. After that Novak and Jarosh went away. Skokan sat down on foe bench hy the hearth. The pine-log flames flickering restlessly, flared np and fell, and in their shifting light it seemed to Skokan that foe face of foe dead smiled coldly, and then again was contorted with pain. In half an hour Jarosh returned, having changed his clothes. He sat down in Skokan's place by foe hearth. Skokan limped, homp. The eastern sky was coloured with foe red light of dawn. Jarosh, sitting down ..at foe hearth, took a coal, with which he lighted the tobacco in his short wooden pipe and smoked, gazing pensively at the blue clouds wMch he blew room his lips. The wife and boy had wept all foe tears out of his weary eyes, but foey were still crouched by foe bed, sobbing plaintively. little sus picion had the son that he was the occasion of his father's death ! In an hour or . so it was known in all foe cottages that Zinka. was dead ; shot, it was whispered. And foe women said ; 4 That's how my man will end one of these days. I'm always telling Mm so.' The bailiff was in his office engaged iu look ing over his accounts when the forester came in with the news. 4 Well, we've got rid at last of that limping, poaching beast, Skokan. One of foe game keepers finished Mm off with a shot. ' 4 Then Zinka did not deceive us, said foe bailiff, coolly. 4 We will save Ms son from being enlisted. The subject -was soon dropped, and foey talked of something else. Presently some one came in at the door, and foey turned to see who it was. Pale as ghosts the bailiff and foe forester stood staring as if they hadbeen turned to stone. On the other side of the table, at wMch foe rents were paid, putting down his silver florins, stood— Skokan. The cunning old fox, in order to give an im pression that he had no knowledge at all of what had taken place the previous night, had limped up coolly and humbly to pay his rent. "Ufa experienced eye saw that there was something amiss, but he had no suspicion of foe truth. For a moment foe bailiff and foe forester believed they saw a ghost. 4 1 humbly kiss your honour's hand,' he said, .bending Ms back in an awkward how. 4 1 came to pay foe rent and the tax,' and turning Ms rough hat in Ms hands he looked at foe floor. The bailiff wrote foe receipt in Ms book, and Skokan, carefully placing it in foe pocket of Ms shabby, knitted jersey, once more bowed, and repeating, 4 1 kiss your honour's hands, left the office. The bailiff turned to the forester. 4 The cursed foief !' said the latter, I myself saw him fall when foe man. ehot at him. " He must have thrown himself down on purpose to make us think that we had hit him. We'li have Mm some day.' - Later in the day foe country doctor came in. He had been sent for, he said, to see the dead body of Joseph Zinka, a peasant, who had died of a gunshot the previous night. He had Ms foot wounded, too, apparently from having trodden on something sharp. The "bailiff and foe forester exchanged a glance. 4 He is no great loss, said the forester whfen the doctor was gone. 4 A foief and a poacher. As the doctor had been called in, a sort of inquest was_ set on foot. The bailiff was foremost in it, and that very day went down to question Zinka's wife, hut oould ascertain nothing except that Zinka had come home in the night from somewhere, wounded, and had soon afterward died. And that was all that ever came out; On foe fourth day foe man. was buried, and the reports of foe investiga tions lie somewhere covered with dust and mould.. Zinka, however, had saved his son. The lad was now his mother's only support, and so exempt. He kept away from poaching, . too, warned by his father's death. Skokan, Novak, and Jarosh, shocked hy foe fate of their, mate, abstained for a "few weeks from foe Count's fish ponds. But foe impres sion of the grisly adventure gradually became weaker,' and after a time their old passion for E caching gained the victory, and tbey went ack to the mere jast as if nothing had happened. Two years afterwards Skokandisappeared. Lu. foe autumn & fleshlees skeleton was found at the bottom of one of foe big meres, audit was generally supposed to he foe remains of foe limping poacher.. r Novak and Jarosh knew that it was so. They had seen the shot fired at Skokan standing np to his armpits in the water. The two surviving poachers, when they were old, were rheumatic, roc consequence oi roe roequenr waamg at night, and walking in the icy clothes through the freezing morning mists to their distant homes. Bent double and scarcely able to move foeir joints, the old tinners, unable any longer to poach oa a large scale, would betake themselves to foe neighbouring streams and catch small fish with a rod, and meanwhile narrate to each other foe great catches of the days of their youfo. Bit ting on the bank under the shadow of foe willows watching with their dim Oyes foe float dancing in foe water, foey talked of their- for- - nier mates who were now. gone there.' They reminded each other -of how foey - had come to - go 4 there,' and if ever; Zinka and Ms fate came jnto foeir memories foey shook foeir- heads, remarking that : 4" there was some hitch in it. that time.' — \- Toe jComhi 11 Magazine-. _ " - 