FOOTBALL. FOOTBALL BOTES. BY'-O.C." ""tber foot a::1 race has finished with South 5£el- courne in front. Csrlton and Fort Melbourne filling the second ar.d th-r-1 places of boaotir. A proverb has it that " the race hi not always to the swift/' but ca tLs occasion I fancy the winning club has main tained at all events tie best evjrage speed. South Melbourne's experience this year has been quite as Chequered ass premier team's lot usually is. All's well thifc cnd3 well, but the Southerners have not accomplished the difficult journey from 1st, Slay to premiership without receiv- ' ing refue rather alarming shuts by the way. Chief of these came of course from the Essea&on; glows, who not eaiy twice thrashed them, but actually asymied the foremost position in the race, and bid fair to keep if. TTaile, however, the Psseostors were brilliant and patchy, ilieSovlttasers were, if somewhat less brilliant, ftsrtainly far more reliable. I congratulate them heartUy on their «iis- tnnsnusbea success, the' inert of , which, is erra-tly eoheneed by the oousidsra-tioii that to aehien it such clubs as Carlton, Port Melbourne, Geeloug, North Melbourne, and fiferoy Lad; o be rietoced with awl crrcrtrmie. The splendid emulation provoked among players by rids preciiofeinp nauble must be satisfactory " in the extreme to thoe entrusted with He csie and ororagbt of the winter game. The almost universal publie interast evim e 1 in the competition is lmt the measure of tee game's wonderful popularity. In a general way it is .considered unwholesome to a Sport rr its exponents, that there ehooM be "fussing,'<mar iter teem, ©fa too superlative tind. In the footballer instance, however, flsdtery and Adulation, plentiful as they un doubtedly arc, do net teem to produce the effects usually expected from a. course of pampering-. I Rtroposethe robust treatment &c; ofded by plavers to " each other , on fh field, tends to knock out of them any nofisewe wbieh eloquent admirers may have \- ptaltei 'if the lessons of the season .suggest ahy; danger to footballers it Is not that teey-Hiay -become ever vala, ifot : aEier that their sport may be litany? grit by ai .undue prevalence of beting ataong its adherents. FoitOnafc 1/ an iocideiit in ih? season's experience, to whitii if msy be 'well not to refer too pointedly, brotht this question of gnmbiiag prominently under notice of peblie and ssoefetiim. I fe?L justified is believing that the expressions of . opin oa then eliciced, tnay be acoe7t<jd as reasonable ' .assurance that thore inOst inthnabily associated with ' 'ibis game end its o itrcl vri l do wailiever is poesible to psute<A it fr> in 5,ae daugars of betting. Opinions . . tany differ us to tan esteot to which tbs'evil may ba influenced and lensiicd by the aelion of delegates to , "tlfe association and club eomiaittce men. 1'ersonaUy. (&> waiMUWOllMl fSiteijgeulliSnHa'iBayjgM Aetineplayedbyineu vteo do noAbet, garreoned locally by a commiteee of like mind, and. watched over by. air «83aaas<mpi clifo tjmttariy oosgq to gamblipg, can 'fiarody wDOioto & iwilmiit for mnA " HayraSjOOimnittees, eud aSteeiation dgadsreiof course, more cojaeerned about the interests of tne gametbananybodFrfse. It fatteir to t apynifithrftfflgig fiSjT to injure their sport. Kvainxde ia-powerfulfoas and esecutere mcnibers of foptbsll clubs Bhould not hesitate td bring pccsonal example to bear sgsinst the nrroOds of betting. Oonstdcnng tee rite afad b»«sfcroa»- nature tee foet "ball family, weh&vff; romped through the reason witheamparatiYeiy fewjara. Underany rireontaimte ixmgbnaiamsegnreld&fromfoMdhirtwxtote; Work, tee temteacre: to exert oUefs ufaaoafc force it ' irelefoavlgoroisatelEdetoi tiafnre. Har ea player be always expected to dgvimmata iu tee hraa. -ghpf hwiPiMtiia is put f Ox lit fa> iick fee : K»T1 nrdomltoMi nrmnrt On tee whole teen- we have done well to getthroogb a winSer's battle with so few official coniplaiiits Of roumffisl If certam clubs hav a been more litqiMoSy complained of. than \- cte«sintttisrard,wema3rpltese to foigefQB&sov; teatteeetesou has gone, jnsfc» expressing" a; teat teey will endeavour foamend their ways next yaar. To oar Assertion a laie measure of com- wmifatimi is cu?, any vote of thanks - passed them naturally coTip'uig iteelf with Hie. name offtfl tirels secretary, Mr. MarshslL If this gentleniEU were to " add up toe number of hours which he has devoted to tee work of football, I venture to t imk both he and the fortunate athletes whose ; a ise he lias laboured for and championed. wojldfimiHometoingtoesfooJisii tbpwi. Alio tether, I think footballers bsY3 reason to congratulate Hsfttvwt on the able' ai d admos manner ia which the del- g ttes have disenarged their dufire for tee year. Ana, all fiat may be sad to the" con"- r xry nntanShgtagrat in I feel tent a like remark is due and applicable to the nitres. Gur"oeatEils;' area capable lot of men, and deserve far better of the public than they are wont Yo reeasve. The difficulties of a field umpires work can sesroetybe over-estimated. To me it is a matter of emcefea-itoiiislimeot, how tesy can ste ell teat they do-. ;H one was seeking a person for a position requiring in the man who filled it judgment, s'srim, firnines?, paGcn.ee, _ qamk-- . aess of sight, aeuvify, honour, and total utdiffe-renee to surrouadinHs, no applicaat could produce better ctedetitads than a certMade of successful central um piring. Let tse growlers learn this eata-'ojue of qualffications by heart before they attempt to launch out upon the devoted heads of those who venture into tee ump res suits next year. The standard of play maintained this seafioaw3Tcom-" pare favour bly, I think, with t: at of any previous winter. Mb king du? allowance for slippery fields, the kiekinghas periiaps been scarcely as acjiirate as first- eiass men -should make it. Tn otllei r speets, however, scehes sjeed, judgment, and poy.er i f eaduranee. playe: s have lacked nothing. Pronouncing' upon the season from a compreliensrve glance, it may fairly be set d »wn as having been a gr at" campaign, in which (be vw.'oos battles have bxen well mainlai ned. Satarc a vs business was of an interesting character, as altiioogh the post of honour could not be affected by it, there was stiil the quesii ju of" second and third elubs to bo decided. A further point of interest was as to which club woi li poll tee highest goals tot - 1. The competition in the latter department hsd narrowed down to a finish between South Meibounie and Es.?ciido3 , out of winch the champions emerged easily victorious. For the second aad third places Carlton and Port Melbourne were bidding, and while these clubs were net pitt ed against each other, the games in which they were engased with Fitxroy and Geelong respectively, were rendered of additional interest. At Fitzroy tae crowd was an immense one, and opinions were about equally divided as to who was to be the conqueror. The presence of a high wind did not add to the enjoyment ' of the play or its quality. Carlton gaining first use of the gale put up two goals by the agency of M'lnernev and Green. Fitzrov in the meantime doing nothing. Changing _ ends, however, the maroons prevailed, and before half time were able to show even pegging witli the blues. Kot coiteat with his reasonably comfo: trbly posi tion, Worrall, who with £artks, bad been responsible for the opening set res, carried Fi zroy's total one I beyond taat of Carlton. Hardly bad the cheering of j tee Fifezroy eontansentdied out when Groea annexed Carlton's third. Carrie presently came along with j No. 4, and the final end-changing for the sess n took j place. A stubbornly contested last act produced one j more notch to Carlton. Wathcg.being the executant. The blass thus scored an easy win, thereby efititling j teesiseives to second place on the preaaeisiiip kst. j Fort Melbourne and Oeelong wound up with a ! meeting on tee ground of tee former dob. j The Pivcionians suffered from abierdeeism, and teeir opponents did not fail to improve tee occasion. During the first quarter Mirir. Sharp, and Morton, esioh seared, while seven bei i ids were added to this total as against a nil re cord. by tee vis tors. Hale- time found the latter in a better position by one goal-five bebinds, Fort Melbourne fca ing, after t m fash oa set by teeir op ponents. experienced & reruhless quarter. The effect- of a gale of wind on the play may be well imagined from these oeeurrenee?. Tae third round produced a couple of goals, kicked by Sharp and Mjitei, and mac behinds to Port MelboTune. Geet n r gaining two be hinds only. The finishing straggle with the wind in Gcelomfs favour, found ? >t Melbourne still in tee ascendant, a errramsfanee wMsh points clesriy to their superiority. The game ended, ih teeir favour by four goals nine behind — a terrible minority for such players as ibe Ptvotoniaas to find themselves in. On tee N< r a Mekaame ground tee local men tried conclusions f«r the second time with Esndon. The lastnanied tei m seems to have run '»mpletely off . their play, ss Noitb Melbourne found them easy r victims indeed. Bight G lrobghout the play. Fleaatog's eompany wee ovennEtebed. and could have felt little r-- gret when tee riagisg of the time bell ended t" r labours for tee yeer. Both these clubs Live suddenly dashed oat, and just ss suddenly drawn in during the recent campaign. They should refieet during the "e sure inontits im tee feet which must be apparent to theia teat perseverance and consist en cy of effort do it. Among the' goal kickers on Saturday were, for North Ms-lb-Juriie. ViTsiaais, Ryan, John ston, and Cm-roll, while for HssetidiMr Sebntt «ti.t Driver d'd the eventiul work. A go>l game lietweea 8 .. Jvilaa and Melbourne resulted in a civd table win fi.r the ftitmer. These teams have bein disappointii) stud disappointed during this , season. At the start they were justified in regarding their prc-speets as fairly good. Seces sions and othercaues have interiereil greatly with, the chances in bote cases, however, and tfey are compelled to finish the.soason very near tee f -ot of tee ladder. ' ' Ibcttcr took next time" is the b =jst eon- s >lation we can offer them under the ciremsstanees. Speaiy and Dunn did some goal-kicking for St. Kilda, Mitchell and Hafilett acted in this capacity f- r the Metropolitans. Wd iarnstownroiTriged (lie detrat whteh resnTted from their Inst imetLng with Footscrsr. tee fed ter this time iiarhag practically no chance aj a'ast Jons and imrty. The Foofisciay men suggest the old farm, zeal without knowledge." They have played with strength anddeteimine-Lioa all thrcuglt, but little re ward has found ifs way to tiiein. I feel that their efforts were reslly worthy of bett-cr result". On the Town side la A of enthusiasm seems to have had its effect. Both tliesc sabarbs should be able to place strong teams ia the field. Maybe alter the summer rest they will do so. Last, but not least, on the days' programme wree the South Melbourne. Their msteh witli Ivi -hmond was made the occasion for no insignificant display. Five gaily bedecked drags are calculated to lend an air or first hnpOrfence to any procession, and in this way Jbsst champions drew no little atteotton to teem- , sdm during teeir journeying to. and from Bich- mimd. The game waa a complete triumph for tee great guns, their goal list indicating thirteen to nought, Earrett «iipsed any prevloas record, if I mistake nat byTegiBfeerhag no fewer ttesn. sevro goala on his own account. Tins would be a big performanee at' any tune, bnt in tee prevailing gate it was simply, nshmfehtagv Sate heavy scoring enabled South to win tee coal fword by 121 to' Benion'8 ill. It is sfgsifiEaat of teeir EBpcriorily that they "have \- lost / fewer gos'a than any team in 3»o eampeGGoli, whla scoring more. Putting this teat, and fi\s other together, we are forced to Gierondttsioii that the best mea. have won tee day. There ia ro reason why Ckplaia should riot be proud of ids team, while, on tee other hand, the plsyeis need iro ghost to tell then that they boost ' » right good captain." Results of liatclies. — < "arlton (5 goals 14 behinds) v. Fifeioy (3 goals 4 bteinds) ; F«t Melbourne 1 5 W.betafidB'. Gcelong (I goal 10 behmdsl ; g ff»ls d8 bchihds) v. MeteonrEe i2 gois gokls7 bcUadftv WllliamstoWn (6 gmfis Mbeainds) v. Pooteeray (1 gt-al 5 beh nds) South Melbourne (li gsafis lObehiadslv. IlicLxa. >nd (6 behinds); Ninth Melbourne (5 scsls 10 behinds v. Rssendon r2 aroals 9'behiuds. . 6 