Reminiscences of an Immigrant's Voyage to N.S.W. ia '82 [WHITTEN FOB THE " EXAMINEE."] JUNE, 19th.-"The bell will ring at 7 a.m. to- morrow, boys, so good night, and mind yon are ont at once, or you'll come ont by the board," says John, on leaving os hut night Having, however, been confidentially informed by one of the previous arrivals that " if you want a wash before midday you. must get up long before 7 o'clock," I aroused myself in company with a few others who had also heard the same statement, and slipping on some and carrying the other parts of our attire, we slipped noiselessly down to the lavatory, where, although it was only about 5 a. m., there were two or three equally cute fellow prisoners-ah ! I mean fellow-depot residents hard at it with the soap and water ; and so, finding there were only about a dozen wash basins for the U3e of nearly 320 single men, we (the "early birds") set to work also to clean up and get ready to lonnge about and do nothing for the next three days, and thereby fit ourselves for the performance of the same class of (non) labour during the next three or more months. Before, however, we had hardly finished, down came-I was going to say " the house-about 300 young aud middle-aged fellows, clattering down the stone steps or stairs with, in many instances, wooden shoes ; heavy clout- nailed, clod-hopping boots, however, greatly predominat- ing, causing such a din and pouring down with a " devil take the hindmost " recklessness, eager for a wash. And of all the washes ever witnessed by me. those at the dépôt completely " bate Bannagher," and everybody knows who Bannagher beat. I am not exasperating when I sav that nine, and in some caaes over a dozen, were washing ont of each basin. Now the reader will ask how the dence did they perform each a feat as that ? Why, simply by dip- ping one half of the towel each was provided with in the water, giving a rab of soap thereto, washing round their faces therewith and wiping off with the dry half of the towel. When " breakfast " was called it was a treat to see what clean faces the greater part had, but their necks-well, if they had but sown a little mustard and cress round them they would have had a fine crop of salad, i'm positive. Although there were some, and not a few, who had evidently seen better days and were going to try a fresh start in a fresh line of business and in a fresh country, they were among the early birds, and were dressed in their clean white collars and cuffs, but very shabby genteel clothes, the coats of dingy hue and shiny nether garments at the back proving them to be those over-abundant class " clerks " and " quill drivers"; a few of whom were decorated with " a bonny bit o' blue," as temperance advocates term their sign manual. Whether, however, this was an infallible sign that the wearer was "sworn off," or hot, I will not presume to give an opinion, but I must candidly confess that I have often seen bine ribbon bedecked individuals under the influence of the "rosy god." Ah, well, let everybody please themselves, say I, although when I was a tee- totaller (and I was one from 18G9 till 1884) I always had a greater desire to " touch, taste, and handle" than I have now, for the reason that then it was forbidden fruit and therefore coveted ; now I stand in an optional light in connection there- with, and consequently do not crave for what is easily obtainable. But this ia digressing. After breakfast old John had some more news to communicate, and mounted his usual pulpit to pro- claim it. Remembering yesterday's result of roar- ing " silence," he did not shout, but held up his hand. Silence being more easily obtained by these means, he proceeded with solemn visage (if it was possible for such a rugged old physog to look solemn) to announce " Boys, there is going to be a 'earvice' held here to-night by the Church of England ' pas son.'" Accordingly at 7.30 p.m. that day John again "addressed the meeting," asking all who had no desire of hearing "service" to be good enough to leave the general room and patrol the courtyard for an hour, as all the space would be required for those who would like to hear it. Whereupon a I great many of the Irish people left the room, but some stayed out of curiosity, while a few of the rougher part of the English section joined the i "court-yarders" tillsinging commenced, when every "man jack" of them trooped in and were singing ! at the top of their voices soon after. First came the clergyman, who, before commencing service (which waa more of a prayer meeting, tho church hymns and prayer book not beiog used, but a leaflet of songs only), stated that for a great many years he had been in the habit of holding farewell ser- vices for the benefit of those leaving for parts unknown, and that it was au entirely unsectarian address and would in no way interfere with or offend the followers of any kind of service or creed whatsoever. Then, in an old simple tune, was sung the first hymn on the leaflet ; and we all were soon heartily singing, and lightening our rather heavy hearts thereby, the following lines O Jesu, Saviour, when we part Obedient to thy will. From friend! and home with sinking heart, Do thou, be near ns still. Go with us, Lord, our vessel guide Across the pathless sea, And grant, O Lord, whate'er betide, We never part from Thee. If clothed and fed and sheltered there We rich abandalice find, Oh let us not withhold a share From those we leave behind. And grant, whene'er our voyage cease, Where'er oar home we raise, That home ma; be a home of peace A borne ol prayer and praise. A very simple hymn, but so strikingly appropriai» to our case were the words, that it was not at al eurprising.to find a great many folks-particularly the married women and bigger children, who, har ing been bothered for the past two days witl Equaling youngsters, got - a bit despondent-let of Steam a little by having a first-rate cry. I never regretted coming out here, but if I ha< known what it was to emigrate and the trouble contingent thereto, I would have stayed at home. And now came a short prayer, then a few word of address, and I have never forgotten it al thong] it is just over seven years ago I heard it. He said among other things, that " faith was a good thin] and so was prayer." He said that the same servie he was holding that evening, and the same word almost, had been used for-I think he said the las 25 years. He was aboard an emigrant Ehip (I thinl he said- bound for América) with over 700 soul aboard ; they had a pious captain-(and a reall, pious man has a tiger's courage, as may be foam in reading the life of Captain Hedley Vicars am General Havelock) - who gave permission fo prayer meetings to be held on deck as often as th speaker desired. This was availed of, and meeting held every evening, which were always attended b; the major part of the emigrants. " One night, continued the rev. gentleman, "about an hour afte midnight, or two bells, the officer on the bridge sa« smoke arising from the hatchway beneath whicl were the ship's stores. Hastily calling the captai and carpenter, holes were cut in the deck and wate pumped in without avail ; and now the smoke cam ont in clouds, and the crew were called out to thei respective stations-(ordinarily the ship's bell i rung as on shore, very rapidly, but here this wa dispensed with on account of the emigrants)-an then the passengers were called aft and told tua the fire was in the store-hold, but they were not t be alarmed, for it might not be dangerous. The came the powerful effect of the prayer meeting! ' Let os sing the third hymn on the leaflet,' an there, with fire raging beneath their feet, and tb surging waves of fathomless depth around then arose to heaven a hymn of praise and faith in tb power of God to save His creatures' if he so wille< The boats being utterly inadequate td carry on half the passengers, were now ready to be manne for saving as many women1 as possible. ? (In a emigrant ship single women go first, marrie women and children next, then married men after which single men are allowed what chan« are left of saving their lives). Many newly-marrie couples and families standing here and there, dete: mining to die together rather than be separate! ' Oh, for a ship,' cried some ; but no ships could I seen in the smoke and darkness. Meanwhile rocket were sent up from the burning ship, which belo forth small forked flames now from the hatchway and the decks were burning hot. And now despai set in even with those who had prayed for the he] pf Heaven in their dire extremity of distress, an many were saying, in a voice beyond despair, the: last prayers, while parents were gathering the children together and praying with them ; and hei are a group holding each other's hands, and with smile beyond earthly things, with eyes lookin away into the near approaching home, sweet hom where "saints immortal dwelt," are singing the ol hymn Son of my soul, thou Saviour dear, It is not night if Thou be near Oh, may no earth-born cloud arise To bide Thee from Thy servants' eyes. Here are a pair of hearts which were joined in ho matrimony on the eve of the sailing of their vessf and which are going " down" together in the hoj of a'bright resurrection. Not a. tear is on eith cheek ; they are beyond crying. After despa reaches a certain limit tears fail to ease the heart the well of tears runs - dry., But white these ha rowing scenes are being enacted on deck; while tl offering upof last prayers andliymua are going o the sailor or two who had been instructed to stay aloft on the look-out for the lights of any vessels and the probability of a rescue, were heard above the cries and sobs shouting to each other. After agreeing on the questions asked and rapidly answered, they slide down the rigging with *' Sail oh ! Sail oh 1 Sail oh!" Shouted with one'voice the whole of that 700, " Saved, saved, we are saved." Ah I what's that they sing now 1 What is it ascending to heaven -now 7 Fraile God, from whom all blessings flow ; Praise Him, all creatures here below ; Praise Him above, ye heavenly host ; Praise Father, Sal, and Holy Ghost. It is a steamer ; she is rapidly approaching ; soon she is alongside, and eccry soul is saved." This anecdote, on a subject so nearly affecting ourselves, did far more towards inclining the emigrants to sign their names in the book (provided for the purpose by the speaker) as members of what I may term a "Prayer Meeting Party," pledging themselves to hold services every evening in the "'tween decks," which was afterwards faithfully performed by some of the persons so signing. Of course it was not to be expected that all would persevere and hold to their word, some being moved by the thrilling tale of the sea to better things for a week or two, then cooling down, something after the style of the first of the two sons who we read were requested to " Go work in my vineyard," who said I will go, but went not, But I must return to my subject. Service over, came hand-shaking and farewells, God speeds, and good byes were said, and we retire for the night1 with the least possible noise ; no uproar or " bolster wopping " among the inmates, and so we count the hours of stay on old England's shores. Next day (Wednesday) is our last in which we shall spend the whole day. To- morrow morning we leave home. Letters are written in crowds to- day, and I by good luck got my letters into the pillar box or hole in the wall in good time, for, as the letters accumulated the box was filled out, and some took ont handfuls of letters, shoved in their own, and rammed the rest back again. Letters still arriving, they had to be taken in the store-room, and left on the counter for the postman. But of three letters and one postcard which I'sent through that box only one, the postcard, ever reached its destination. Thia afternoon (Wednesday) all onr boxes are to be overhauled for contraband articles such aa brandy, ram, gin or any other spirits, firearms of any description, or any explosive of any kind. But here again rumour hath it that John and the old Betsy Prigs, and Sairey Gamps are open to bribery in the matter of overhauling. Consequently I parted a shilling and they never even looked at my things. Others gave a shilling and " passed ;" but those who had no spare shilling got their things thrown about anyhow. Each individual is supposed to have 6 shirts, ti pairs socks, so many of one thing and so many of the other, and the searchers are supposed to see that each one has the regulation quantity. But, as I said, a shilling obviated all the necessity for overhauling or making good any " shortage " of clothing : making this regnlation therefore a perfect farce. We also had to purchase a bar of " marine soap," to be used at sea with sea- water. But-as I shall explain when we get aboard-we never needed to use it. ïhursday morning has at length arrived^ and we are all on the qui rive for the " tender " which will come up alongside the depot (which is built on the harbor banks). Breakfast oh 1 But we want no breakfast, we all have a lump in our throats some- how, and can eat or drink nothing. Excitement as to what our ship looks like, and thoughts of leaving every old face and scene behind. It may be for years, and it may be for erer cause us every one to feel as if we were going per- force, willy nilly to Botany Bay, rather than going of our own free will. " Oh, boys," sayB John with his artful old physog drawn down like a fiddle for length, " I'm sorry you're going, and no mistake." " Here John, remember ns all with this, and this, and John reaped arare old harvestftomthe depart- ing " guests." " Here's the tender, hurry along boys as fast as you can, tide will serve nicely in a half-hour's time." And we bundle ourselves aboard the tender (the boxes were put aboard while we were asleep hist night), and now come everybody to the side of the tender nearest the shore to see as much' as possible of old England. ''AU aboard there, haul in the gangway." Shriek ; the tender is moving and we have started. Andi now among the females, and indeed among some of the males, are seen handkerchiefs wiping eyes and noses, then shaking them at old John who is pretending to wipe his eyes in the tail of his coat, whereas in reality he is glad to have lost ns, and got our money instead. And now is heard at one end of the tender, and presently taken up in the chorus (by all who are not crying) the old song borne far ashore from so many voices, The anchor's weighed ; remember me. Out across the harbor we speed, rounding the point past the forts were the soldiers wave their hats and the emigrants their handkerchiefs, still singing "The'anchor's weighed." While "-farewelling" at the fort we had steamed by the breakwater, and there was our home for the next three months, quietly lying at anchor, with a pennant flying at her peak, denoting, I suppose, the sailing of the ship. She is a splendid looking vessel, classed Al at Lloyds, and is clipper built, of 1220 or 1230 tons. What high masts she has, and the canvas is loose, and sailors going up and down busy as bees. But as we »aw hefr in London in the docks we " knew her by sight" as the saying is, and here we are alongside, and very soon are all alioarä. TO BE CONTINUED NEXT 6ATUBDAY. 