novelist. The Ghost of Oak Grag. <-V ' BY ESTHER I "V ' " " -.?k'TTIw old Meadows house, Everyone in ;Xiennox ltnow Avhero it \vi\a, For yc-ora ' ?6nly part: of it wua occupied. . The 'build Jrig stood upon what was called " O.ik Crag," nnd rose, a great solemn stone building, nearly square, in llio full sight of tho town, ; - Once it had been a very popular placo, RS the country sent of the Meadows. Partita from tho city thronged it all Bummer. It was known as a popular re sort while old Brake Meadows lived. Bub for years it had been nearly de Betted, and most of the family wero dead. The family had rapidly died out. Old Drake Meadows lost his wife and daugh ter, then parted with this life himself, leaving the propprty lo two sons~ono of whom, veiy wealthy, resided in Europe ; the "other-well, nobody knew exactly where Rick Meadows was or what had beoomo of him. He used to be known in the old times us tho scapegraco son, wlio was always in difliou'ty. Ho had a kind of passionate pride, but no dignity. Ho was hail fellow well met with everybody, and used to go fishing with the tavern boys, and off on night (xpeditions after nobody knew what. A great trinl to his rather-tiffy proud relations, tho towns people assorted ; but with them ho was a : Krcafc favorito. ;." In spite of his pranks upon their per \- tionB and property, thoro were generous <waya and winning tricks about the boy, Ho would sometimes atone in the moat v Javish manner for his depredations upon their possessions-bringing back tho fruit or chickens or pumpkins he had stolon at night, or if tho property was destroyed, mora than paying for it out of his pocket money When angered or insulted, he would fight liko a young demon, aud drive overylhing beforo him. In Imb per ? aonal likings he was quite as fervid, and .ito love and liato like Rick Meadows" 7ind become a proverb in tho town. But when tho fnmiiy loft tho Crag, ono : autumn, and never camo back again, Kick disappeared from their view. He was a lad of eighteen then ; ana, not long nfler news of his father's death camo, it woaropovlcd that he had gone into tho army, For years and years tho house stood \- empty. The garden run to wasto, tho fonec3 grew dilapidated, and tho trees poemed to sigh in a mournful way beforo " tho silent door, whui ono day a messsn * - j^er arrived from tho city to say that liM* ward M'-ndoWij, tlie owner, wanted to put an occupant in it v. ho would keep tho 1 plnoo in <>rd> r for tho rent. Thf; news seoinod a porf. ct godsend to uU.nnia Lniu.-v, She nevor thought for a mumuut tli .c Uio houao was haunted ; for tho placo, liko any other deaerlcd \- iftbitation, had gathered disagreeable re ports. Sho only know that it would bo a ihomo for her brother Wostcrly and fceraelf during Westerly's studies; and Mlieaccordingly applied for itatul obtained lb. * _ Tlio brother and sister wero very 4ifturont. Doarl v as Emma Lamar loved ae.r brother Westerly Lamar was ^ bad, pasaionato, unscrupulous follow. So liad inherited choleric blood and a jplflah naturo from liia father. All his inotlier'a noblo qualiiies aeemed trans mitted to his sister. Emma was the -lldor, beiny twenty-three. Westerly A'fia just of n^c\ Jtosolute facing of n bard world had liven Emma Lamar an nir that was a liltle grim ; but alio bad exquisites fea tures and beautiful, dark-blue eyes, She would have been a beauty and a belle if jhe bad possessed the tastes and manners of alieauiy and a belle ; but life was and always bad been a serious matter with fter, She had seen father anil mother $io in her early youth ; and now she Jived for Westerly, who was not a very comforting ol-jcet to live for. Westerly was studying modieino, find ww, At. least, an ambitious student, Of Bourse they were poor, but Emma's capability kept them always in respect able anpeftrnnco. She kept them also perfectly independent and out of debt which gave them a strong claim to the re spect of their neighbors, » When they wont to Oftk Drag to live, they had everybody's best wishes. No one* was particularly fond of "Westerly Lamar, but all wished him well for his sister's Bako. Evoryone approved of Emma Lamar, the devotod daughter and good sister, Tho first ovoning they spent at'Oalc Graq, both felt a little strnngoly. They occupied tho west side. The remainder of the houso was deathly still, That morning thoy had wandered through it, viewing for tho first time the spaoious rooms, half stripped of their furnishings, murky and dusty, and smolling of mould, Tho place was merely a curiosity to them then j but when darkness closed over it, and thoy remembered what a changed plaoo it was Bince tho days when tho grand old plaoo had beon their ohildhood's awe and admiration, tho neighborhood of those cold and desolate rooms to ,their evening fire was a little opprea* sivo, . "This ia a pokei-ish placo, after all, Em," eaid Westerly, after ho had sat silent a wluloj listening to tho moaning of the wind m tho chimney, while liis sister Emma sat by the'hearth, absorbed in her work, ' - She looked up. r , " But it ia gonig ifo be BO much bettor for us, "Westerly," "It will take all my timo to look after that old garden,'' "Not. more timo than you t ought to give to exercise after studying so much." . . * ^ But I want to go into the city some times," ? ., ?.. And Wostorly Lamar rose, strolled to tho window, and looked thoughtfully out at ltho pitoh-blftok uight, . , . ^ ; - His siBtor^vaB silent for a moment,then sho mid j ; ...?; - - r "You mustu'l go into tho oity and leave mo alone hero, Westerly," V' I'd never have eomo here if I had thought of: that," exclaimed Westerly Lamar, impatiently, -v5"' w What wore .vou thinking of when you made the plan, Em? Did you want to bury us alive .' We onn't afford to be very gay, Westerly," "Afford 1 I'll afford a decent life one; of those days,"muttered the young mail, as ho turned again to tho* window, and looked at tho city lights, " . There was a look of peouliar conoorn Upon his sister's face os she went on with her work. She might have boon hurt by her brother's ingratitude, or perhaps she ?was thinking her plan of coming to Oak Chug might ho an unfortunate oue, Her expression was very grave,. whatever might bo its cnuso. Weatoily finally returned from the. window to his books. As (lie moments passed, nnd the clock tickod loudly in the silont room, Emma's head bent lower and lower over bur sowing, and at last a tear splashed on the snowy linen. Sho had tried so hard to make tho place pleasant and homoliko to Westerly 1 At least it did seem that ho wus uuappreoiativa. He looked up afc her suddenly as the clock Btruck ton. .' Em, you had bottor go to bod, I am going to study till late," lie said. Emma hesitated, '' " I'm not. Bleepy, Won't you bo lonely hero, Westerly ?" , ? " No," he replied, " I can study muoh better by myself," " .So, after a little while, Kin ma jyit by her work, bndo him good-night, and went ftcro.-a tho hall to her room,. ' Sho sighed heavily as alio lot down her hair before tho mirror; ami, as sho looked (it tho reflection of her fuco, sho saw that her cheek was pale, and her eyes mourn* ful and stcadfust. She went to bed, but did not sleep. She watched the moonlight oroop across tho floor, find listened to the dismal wail ing of tho wind, until tho olook struck twolvo, Then she rose, wrapped herself' from tho frosty air, and stopped aoross tho hall. She opened tho sitting room door softly and looked in, Tho oil had burned out of tho lamp, and tho wiolc sputtered feobly. - Tho room was uuoooupied, and apparently had beon for boiuo timo, for tho lire was out, and tho atmosphere was chilly, Emma Lamar went baolc to her bed, and burying her faco in tho pillows, sobbed like ft ohild. Sho realised her dreadful situation. Probably sho would bo left alono in that desolate plaoo night after night, while hor brother was away, Heaven only know whoro. Sho had her secret. For tho last three months hor brother had been accustomed secretly to tako tho night train at eloven o'clock, go into tho city, and return to his room at somowhoro about four o'clock in tho morning. Sho possessed this knowledge unknown to him. When ho would make his appenrance at breakfast, it would be with palo cheoks and bloodshot, eyes, or sullen and heavy headod with insu'fliciont sleep. With a dread that was almost a suroty of evil, sho hadaskod nfo questions, Siva belioved hor brother to bo wedded tq, aomo bad practice, but sho could not toll what. Ho was easily angered, and sho did. not daro question him for foav oil causing an outbreak which would bo no satisfaction. So, after moat earnest thought, sho had como to Oak Orag, hoping that tho change of situation and tho demand upon his time and attention might alter his habits, Sho was con vinced (hot tho plan wos unsuccessful ; and tho pvospnot of being left alono in that gloomy place night nftor night was appalling. Tho clock struck 0110, Just then ft slight noiae startled her. Sho raised hor head and listened. It was a stop in tho room above. Her heart atood atill, and then commenced beating so that ah© wua newly suffoonfced. Iler first. thought was to look tho door of hor room, She did this, and then cropt back into bed and listened, Sho could distinctly hear some 0110 going about over head, ami for a whila sho was completely abandoned to terror. Then sho attempted some solution of the problem, Thehouso was old, and tho noiso might bo caused by rats, But aha could not, in reason, entortain this idea more than a minute, Tho atop booamc a regular pacing ovor head. She was convinced thatsomo ono beside heraelf waa in tho house. Sho lay and listened to the sound. Then sho thought it might he Westerly ; but sho know too well that her brother abhorred those lonely precincts overhead, and would by no means enter them by night. He waa miles away, and sho was alono in what seemed to hor groat danger, Tho suito of rooms that tljo Lamars had takon wore on the ground floor, Emina'a bedroom .window was about threo fop* from the garden walk. Through the oak bougha tho moonlight flickered on the floor, and she lay looking at it as alio listened. Suddenly the sound overhead .ceased. Wondering what _ this might portend, . sho listened anxiously ; and fearing, possibly, some assault, she re membered that nor bedroom window was not fastened, and the room was of easy aoceas from the ground, Springing up, she was about to'slip from tho bed and fasten it, when a shadow foil across the fl )or ip tho patch of flickering moonlight. Sho gin need toward the. window, and saw a face-a dreadful, wild, ghastly, pallid fnco- -with burping eyes that mot hers for a moment; then tho face disappeared, - and Emma Lamar sank baok in a swoon of terror, When sho returned to consciousness, sho heard her brother cough in his room adjoining 5 and she knew that he had re turned, and it must be nearly'morning. With a fooling of Bafety, she turned upon her pillow, and, resolving to investigate tho mystery as day oamo, fell asloop, It was lato when olio awoko, and sho sprang from bed before she remembered the events of the night. It soomed like a dream as sho suddenly remembered what the last night's experience had boon j and the more BO when alio threw open the window's and lob in tho ringing songs of fhe birds. At .breakfast alio told Westerly the story, He oamo out of Iub room sloopy qnd sullen 5 but when she commenced her narrative he flashed into Biulden angor, " 1 toll you tlio cursed old plaoo is haunted, Em," Ire exclaimed, " Of course it is,- There's no other solution for suoh Bights and sounds. I presume old Meadow's.ghost haunts it j and unless you want suoh visitors every night we had better leave." . ' " If I thought it nothing more real thart ghosts, and you were here, Westerly, I should not bo afraid," replied his sister, . V'What do you mean by my being hove ri"he said quickly, "You wore not-hero last night, Wes terly," answored Emma, hardly willing to meet his glance of astonishment and anger at her* discovery, yot speaking firmly, . . Westerly was Bilonfc a; moment, then said with cool bravado, "I had business in tho city, And .I'll, tell you what, Em, I may be away any night, So, if you don't want to bo left alone here with the ghosts, you'd bettor find some other abode, For my part, I nover was in favor of coming her," " Why, what can you want in the pity at night, Westerly ?" said Emma, sorrow fully, . ' t. '.That's my business," replied Westerly, gruffly, bending ovor his breakM t, Here the conversation dropped, for Emma folt too deeply for, words, and Westerly ato his breakfast in si'tenoo. During the forenoon ' tlioy wont about their separate occupations ; but in the afternoon Emma came into the sit ting-room whero hor brothel sat studying, . and kyiug her hand lightly upon: his,arm, askea,- ; . - "Westerly, will you go up stairs with mo ?"? / " What for -T ho «Bked in surprise;; . 1< To see if any on 0 is there, or has been: there," sho said. For a moment ho looked incredulous, Thon ho rose slowly, saying, " Why, Em, you must bo a fool I How could any one get into those rooms ? They are looked in ovevy direction,But I'll go up if you like," They went up-stairs, The stairs wero broad and the stops low, The halls, dusty and sunny, echoed their voices when they spoke ; but, though lonely, tho place was not in any degree fearful, \V:' > They unlocked and openod room after room, all of which lookod silent-and' un disturbed, At last they came to the chamber from whence had-proceeded tho sound of footsteps tho provious 'night. Emma Limar's hoirt beat hard as sho un locked tho door, Ti:oy entered, The room was silont, nnd ochoed the croaking door. All was povfootly still and undis turbed. Westerly laughed as his sistor loolcod about the room. " Do you suppose ghosts leave any marks to traok them by?" said lie, " Oomo, Em, don't bo silly, any longer. I tell you no live person eould havo been in tho room last night," What ia this ?'* Emma picked up a glove from the floor, Both examined it in surprise,1 It AvaB a man's buckskin glove, gauntleted, and fastened with a liotivy gold button, on which wero engraved tho initials, UR,M," The glove bore the impress of a shapely hand ; but it was impossible to tell how rocently it had boon worn, it was so soiled and stained. u It has probably lain here for years, whero aomo visitor of the, old raniily dropped it," remarked Wositorly, "I fancy it feels slightly damp,-.Wo8' torly," said his sister, ,; ,; ;1; "Nonsense! It's nothing but tho dun pness of tho room, ~ Those north-west ohn.mbors nf,o full. of chills.'-' Oomo, throw ib down, and let us go d,owh stairs," - But Emma kopt tho glovo, v carried it down stairs, and laid it away, ' 4<;:* That night Westerlypromised her that ho would not. leavo tho house,'and tho brother and sistor rotirod to thoiv rooms at ton o'cloolc, Suddenly, as tho clock struck olovojiyn bell rang violontly thiough tho house, It was nob tho hull door boll, but prooofidodj from one of tho chnmbors, Emnnv hoard her brother spring out of bod with an oath, The next momonfc ho was at hor door, when sho met him. "For hoaven'a snko, what is that, Emma ?" ho exclnimed. . , " It is tho boll of tho north-wosb oh am ber," sho replied. \ All this time tho bell was ringing,. Sud donly it stopped. * " What slmll wo do, Westerly ?" ' " Cnrao me if I don't find out what this means !" exclaimed her brothor. Ho sprang brtok (o his room, and, to Emma's surprise, returned with a revol ver. ? ? ? " Whero did you got, that, Westerly?" "Never mind. Tako that light arid come with mo." Sho was dressed only in slippers and wrapper, and tho air of tho entries "was chill; but sho did not mind, Sho fol lowed her'brothov in his rapid speed up stairs. Strango to fmy, his Ihoory of ghosts had never mado any impression on hor. Sho feared nothing so vngun, but anticipated some s.lrango discovery of human beings where all had seemed deso lation, The first strange development was that the door of the north-west chamber was unlocked, It yielded to Westerly's hand, and with an exclamation o£ surprises be entered. . >_ " There was uo doubt that it was ^occu pied, A faint light glimmered on the table, and upon a lounge lay a mm, evi dently. in the.agoniea ol'death, HiVfaco was deadly pale, and tho eyes were rolled up aa if he were in convulsions, The brother and sister stood by in silent horr vor, In/a moment tho convulsed fea-. turos were seen to relax, and tlie breath stopped, - ? " Ho ia dcad,V raid Westorly, ; They brought the Jight to the marble faoe, . It wns handsomo and ? haggard, Westerly utterod an exclamation of sur prise, . V; ; V What is it, Westerly " I saw that man^ last night in fcjie city," Whore " In a gambling saloon," replied the young man, excitedly. Ho forgot at the moment that ho was betraying himself, Indeed, Emma La mar was,top agitated to notico tho betrayal beyond the mere words, She looked down q,t the man, and a look of weariness and sorrow on the still, pallid faeo touched her to tears, . - "Pshaw ! What are you crying for?'' exclaimed Westerly, " Hold the light a minute," . , ; Ho gave her the light, then, unfasten ing fclio man's necktie, and, baring his .brenst, raudo various tests of life. The form lay as impassive and-cold as marble. " He's dead enough, " said Westerly, " What arc wo to ao with, him ? Shall I call a physician, Westerly? X am no afraid to go down tlto hill, Emma Lamar thought she would profor it to remaining with that' solemn dend figure, while her brother wont to oall httlp or evidenoo, ' - But" Westerly did not answer. After a few moments ho covered the face, and said, " Oomo down stairs now.'' They went back to tho sitting room, put down tho light, and looked at eaoh other. ?" " How did lie oomo here, WosterlyT' "Heaven only knows; but, Em, it's the beet luoU that' over happened to mo V * r . ? "I-Iowr " I shall use him for a subject if notli» ing;happens to prevent-that is, if I see no ohanoe oC detection. Prof, Gardner will pay 1110 one hundred pound.?, and ask no questions," .y" Good-heavens I ' Westerly, I beg of you-" " '. 1 -.v. ?' ," Pslmw I Husli, will you! There's nothing to prevent. I've made-up niy inind. And there's tho body-a splendid oase, You noticed his dress, did you not?!' ' * . "No." ' " Army'-major's outfit, I think, IIo'h a foreigner.;' 1 notiopd his aooqnt last nigfrt, f.He won my money like the devil, How ho happened to bo in this houso is tlio, mystery," " What killed him 9" " Lato hours' and liquor, perhaps, Pos sibly ho took' a quiet doso of some) liing to fet himself out uf tho bauds of the law, [? was a desperato iooking-fellow when thqre'was life m his faoo," ; ^ Oh, Westerly, whore have you learned about these things? You hrivo.ohangod so iiiuoh in a yearT'; ,l Go! to bed, Em ; don't prenoh I", " What ore yoy going to do'?1' " "laragaing up-stairu again." '. ; " Westerly, I pray you do nothing with that man's body to;night," , . ; ,{I'll (Jo;.\vhat 1 pleaso, Em," - You had. bettor go to bed." " But, Westerly, the danger of-" " I will manage -jny alfiiirs; Go to bod." Ho took nnofchor light and .'wen#to ,lii» roonv Ilia sistor know that lie had gone for his surgical case, Trembling with cold and excitement, awl trying vainly to collect , lior faculties that she might think' calmly, sljo rolrofttod to horrooiii, and Joy down, half sick with tho workings of ftmr and anxiety, She hoard hoi'brother go up, stairs. Tho thought of his work mado hor faint, She prayecl that something might happen to provont, Just then alio hoard him roturning, " "Westerly 1" sho oalled, Ho dame to the door, f " "Listen to mo a momont, Westerly, Supposo that >nan should be tracked hero, and found mutilated, what is to savo you fi'om tho aoousation of mur dor ?"' .. I " No fear,of that. The family burying ground of the Meadows will havo one,more ocoupant before morning, I shall havo quite dono yrith him in an hour." '. Oh, Westerloy, you don't realise what ivdoBparato thing you are doin^I" / "Don't I? A; hundred pounds is worth a little desperation,' Go to sleep, sis," Ho shut tho 'door and wont^ up-stairs. Emma buriod ho.i faco in the pillow, and wept in an ngony of despair. Not only was her brother's work revolting to hor, but sho roalisod how imminent was tho peril. Westerly so<?ined determined to bring cortniii destruction upon thoni, Cut suddenly; sho hoard him come .1 looping down tho stairs, Ho burst into lior room. ' ' " Ho,has Rono!" I "Gone?" . . . ?' Yes. I bolioves ho WHO -tho dovil.' IIow could ho lako hunaolt.off when he was dead ?" And Woatorly Lanmvv a moinont before bo oool, loaned against the door, and wiped tho porspiration of oxoitoment from his forohoad. ' " How did ho go, Westerly 1" <ll don't know, I mado a slight out in tho-brcast, and thori"6iimo, down for my other "instruments. When I went buck ho was gono," - n Woro tho windows and'doors open V ^Tho door was ajar ju^t as i-left it. Tho windows woro shut, -k (> Wostorly, I am so glad i" -u Of what r ' - ? . 'That yon did him no hnrrn," ./ Fool I" oxoliiimod Wostorly in a and den rago.; " What harm could I possibly do the man if ho woro dead ?" <l But lio.wasn't dond." " 1 toll you ho was aa dead as a post 1" Wostorly wont back to tho sitting room, It. was noftvly daybroalt, and ho mado a firo, IIo sat over it moodily whon Einrna camo out. Then ho roso suddenly, and went up-ataira. In a few momenta ho came down with something in his hand. t( VYUftt is that, Westerly ?" "Nothing but that glove," ho - said, as ho tossed it down. "But I put that glove .away. This must bo tlio mate." > .. It was sov The buttons bore tho same initials. Emma took them i>i ohargo as a olue to the strange episode of tlio night. ; ' v That- day it was-'decido/l Unit th6y should lpnvo tlio house, It bore a horror to Emrha Lamar }'and,isinoe hep plan in coming' tlio re' wn s n o 11 i k oly to prove b"c .cossfulj it was not:- worth while to romam in so disagreeable a' placo, Tl iey would go back to the liitlo cottage thoy had rentod for t lio last, th^eo years, and 1 ivo as best thoy might, At least she would bo near to neighbors thore when left alone at night, ..'"V She had'novoi- before in. her life been so; unhappy, and she could not ke6p;bnclt .her' tears as alio prepared for, their re* moval. Beside her disappointment;1 and sorry »v, sho was wearied and nervous from the effects of tho night's exeitonient, and at last, during her brother's absence, she flung uorself down upon her bed and cried like a child; Tho poor girl felt tired be yond her strength. . At twilight she arose and went into tho garden, hoping that her aching head would bp relieved by thaclear, frosty air. Besides sho oould not but acknowledge to herself a dislike to stay in tho houso alone, "Westerly had promised ro roturn at nix o'olook, and she stood, on tho hill watching tho road, whon she Baw u dark spot upon tho gravel walk at her feot. A second glanoe assured hor tliat- it was blood, and her heart leaped up in horror, Gassing in a kind of Humiliation at the ground, sho saw another and another dull red spot, and atill drops beyond, Step ping forward she followed tho in arks to a little summer-hoitso in an oak coppioe, and there upon the seat lay extended the figure of a man, \- (Concluded in our 'next,) 