Topical Sketches. t BBY EZA Soon, ". HAMLET " IN THE SUBURBS. One day last week the post broughtme an invitation to attend a performance of "Hamlet," which was to be given under the auspices of the Collingwood "Forties," by various members of that body who had ' been inspired by Mr. Miln's admirable re presentation of the Prince of Denmark. On the evening set aside for the play, I accord ingly ventured to the furthermost corner of that delectable suburb, and duly presented nyself at the theatre, which was no other than a long -cellar occasionally used by a publican for the storage of his commodities. After modestly falling down the steps which led to the cellar, I found myself confronted by a haughty-looking doorkeeper, who was proudly expectorating tobacco juice on the opposite wall, and, at intervals, whistled a tune through his teeth which sounded like a wail from a wounded wombat, only more so. "Is this the place where 'Hamlet' is to be produced to-night ?" I asked, to make assurance doubly sure. "You bet your bloomin' boots it is," he answered, spurting a pint of plug essence over his shoulder. " Got yer stiff, pal ?" I interpreted this to refer to my ticket, and gave it to him, and as I passed through the doorway, he said, "Roost where you like, boss; it's all one price, toffs or no toffs," qnd, accepting the intimation, I chose a place at the side, and took observations of the curious scene around me. At. the 'farther end of ;the cellar, some barrels had been placed together and covered with boards which represented the stage. The orchestra, a boy with an ac cordeon, sat on one corner of this platform, ?nd the audience, to the number of thirty or %orty, squatted on gin cases, kerosene tins, casks and such like. The place was lighted up with candle-ends stuck in beer bottles, with here and there an oil lamp distributed about to vary the monotony. The specta tors were of either sex-in some cases it was hard to tell which-and conducted them selves with an entire absence of that cold etiquette which obtains so largely in the mansion of the aristocrat. Thus, while one young man would be gallantly reclining on his sweetheart's bosom, another would be imbibing common ale from a pannikin, and gýntly bantering the actors on the stage. There being no "wings" or dressing-rooms, the actors, after delivering- their- lines, would step off the stage, and mingle amongst the audience, until called upon by a pimply faced youth, who acted as stage manager, oall boy, and prompter, to resume their parts. I learned afterwards that there had been no:studying from the book, the actors and aitresses relying on what they had picked up from hearing Miln, and filling in crevices with what had seemed most appropriate to them. There. were no acts or scenes, the performers skipping from one part to another just as the stage magager directed. Two or three rehearsals had given a peculiar -sort of regularity, but there wasn't enough' of it to bet on with any certainty. On my entrance the stage was vacant, and the stage manager was calling on the "star." "Chuck yerself around, 'Shorty,' the Ghost's waiting," he said ; "yer can 'aveyer boose after'ds,' and "Shorty,"putting down -a bottle from which he had been seeking in spiration, ran his dirty fingers through his greasy hair, and swaggered up to the stage, while the manager said, . "This yere is where 'amlet cops sight on ther bloomin' Ghost, so sling .it orf :yer chest, Shorty-yer knows 'ow to do it." "Shorty' was a bull- nepked, flat-nosed individual, dressed in a Crimean shirt, no collar, bell- bottomed trousers, boots with high, narrow heels, and a red belt round his waist. Putting two fingers in his mouth, he drew them around his teeth, and pulled out a quid of masticated .tobacco, which he threw with considerable force against -the wall, where it remained, while he, gazing at it solemnly, roared out, in a voice strongly 32ggestive of-" Any bottles to sell ?--bottle ho I bottle ho !"-the speech which, ias a rule, starts with "Angels and ministers of grace, defend us I" This is "'Shorty's " version! "Holy Smoke I here's a go, take mly word forit. I wonder what the MJoses it is. Here, say, old pal, what's yer little game, eh? S'help me, if it don't look like my old man. Sling us some chin music, old party. What's yer monniker ? Well, you are a rum 'un an' no kid. Darn me, if I didn't think you was dead' and planted long ago. What sort, eh? What're yer givin' us ? You know you ain't a-doin' the right thing, old man, a-comin' back on a feller like this." TheGhost, whowas an emaciated youthii a blanket, in lieu of a sheet, I suppose, replied t " Shorty" thus: ",~Well, yer see, Hamlet, it's like tlis. I'm: Ghost, yer see, an' I've got to pad the hoof around ere every bloomin' night, an' deare the bloomin' liver, out of enny blokes as-I meet. By Gosh I Ham., old pard, I oould pitch a cnffer if I liked that would knock yer dead to the world in one act. Say, 'ow did you an' yer old man get hong 2" Hamlet "Oh,- rye buck, on'y for a 'tiff about the boose now'n agin." Ghost :' " Well, :look 'ere; I'll tell :,yer what. Yer uncle:gave yer old man i~ dose of 'Rough on Rats,' and sent him up the Hamlet : " What, Nunk did I S'help'me, if I didn't thinkit was 'im. He allus was a wrong 'un." . \- Ghost: "~It wai?a bit of color, I 'tell :ier. Well -loobk 're;, Ham.,? yer ought :to ave a smack at 'im, yer know. I never did 'im no 'arm, an' he hadn't no call to go for. me like that." . - . Hamlet : "S'help me-, if yer ain't my old man, after all. .. How're yer poppin', guv'nor? Come on .down an' 've a boose," and amidst much applause the two got off the stage,; and made for a gin case which contained some bottles of colonial ale. ' "Now, then, Mag. Trotts, :it's your turn," said the manager, and a; girl who-had been snugly ensconsed in the arms of -her lover, jumped on the platform, and waited for her instructions. She would have been pretty if she had been clean, but she wasn't, and as she stood there with arms akimbo, and a knowing leer on her face, I thought there was a big field amongst her class for the sale of soap, though it would take a con siderable amount of advertising to" make it popular. "Now, Mag.," said the stage manager, " Hamlet's gone orf his pannikin, and has been trying to bluff yer into keeping com pany with him, so let's have it." S"Right y'are, Bill," this Collingwood Ophelia said, and then, facing the audieiice, gave us her description of Hamlet's mad ad dress to her: '"Well, this is the trouble. I was up in my room fixin' up that blue skirt as I wears to work, when Hamlet shoves open the door and comes in lookin' as if he ,was orf'is'ead. He just 'ad 'is shirt and pants and boots on, and thinks I ''ere's a bloomniin' game; Ham's been on the boose; I'd better look od~iff6o myself.' -Well, he comes up to me; colla~, hold of my paw, and stares"at me, as if he wanted to know me again, so I ups and says, ' Well, Ham, yer'll know me again when yer see me. What's yer game, sneakin' into my room like this ?' He never says nothin', so I got the needle a bit, and says Yer'd better sling yer hook, young feller; if the missis finds yer 'ere there'll be a bloomin' row, I tell yer, and yer'll get chucked out on yer ear. With that he looks at me again, tips a bit of a wink, and then sneaks out lookin' as scared as could be. My troubles on him; I wouldn't like to cart him round at a hop," and Mag returned to the embrace of her" bloke." "Let's have the cove with the skull," suggested a spectator, after Ophelia had .been complimented. "All right. cm con -Shorty," said the manager, and Shorty came on, and, having no skull, apostrophised a beer-bottle thus: "He wasn't a bad sort, Yawrick wasn't. Me an' 'im 'as 'ad some games, I tell yer. S'help me, it wus a picnic to see the way that bloke could use 'is 'ands. He was a bloomin' daisy, any way yer'd take'im. He could do a jig, or trot out a ditty with any on 'em; an' as for eatin' beer, well, I never see 'is ekeL I see 'im put away long sleev ers by the dozen, an' b'lime if yer.: could choke 'im orf it. He was a wunner, he was, an', as I ses to Mag the day afore yesterd'y, 'if Yawrick was 'ere now, Mag,' ses I, ' I'd boose 'im up,' ses I, ' as long as I 'ad a bloom in' stiver in me kick,' an' so I would," with which generous assertion Shorty Hamlet made his bow and once more mingled among the admiring spectators. "Now then, Baldy, stir yer pegs," said the manager, "give us another bit of the Ghost." " Not me," said the Ghost, who was'about three parts gone in liquor. "I'm orf the bloomin' game. It's too dry hash for me." "Well, Mag, chuck us Ophelia's mad gag, won't yer ?" implored the manager. "'Taint good enough, Bill," replied Mag ; "besides, Sam 'n me's going to sneak. There's a dance on at Birker's." "Here, what's yer game, Mag ?" said Hamlet, stepping forward. "Didn't yer pro mise to go with me ?" " My troubles. on yer,". replied Ophelia, scornfully. "Go an' git Sal Forbes. Sam 'n me's right enough, aint we, Sam ?" "My-colonial 1" responded Sam; " look 'ere, Shorty, chuck it hup, or I'll cop yer straight." "Yer'll cop me," said Hamlet; "put up yer dooks, or I'll bang yer as yer stand." Sam did put up his " dooks," and the last I saw of the scene was Hamlet sprawling over the stage on top of the orchestra, while Sam ferociously swore all sorts of vengeance, and Ophelia, seizing hold of a beer-bottle, bran dished it over her head; and, .without wait ing for more, I made my way out into the street and homewards, resolving in my mind as I went that there were certainly some points of difference between " Hamlet " from the idea of the '.'Forties," and `the same play from Mr. Miln's point of view.: .,, 