Frr iaUL. ft services in memory of the late SJnj Charles. A. Rohner, were held. ‘W the afternoon a., parade pf the Fire l\r?gUtH;4'4!»l}Cl<∧ the members marched to the Public Hall, headed TA-' .'the .Sfiepparton Band/ each [wpaying a jbarid of crape on his ‘left1 There' was a large uttentltmeti. The Rev. Hamilton (Presbyterian) gave a funeral .•>■! <iress, taking as his text Rev. i ch. Jig^v^UfLi am he that livetli and was dead.” He commenced by stating that after they had wit nessed the closing of the graves on many from amongst them during the past few weeks, he would lead tljem to contemplate ■ the-opening ;of fire graves, and to look beyond tine to the great eternity which stretches beyond' the dark valley and shadow of death. The sermon dealt with the Resurrection of the Redeemer of men as manifesting the Godhead power of Christ, and *5 /being a pledge of the resurrec /tiojp of the;hutnan race when the S'rdat trurbp of God would sound n the last' day. The sermon was replete with gospel truth, and evidently impressed all who heard it with devotional awe. The de -scription of the Ascension of Christ attended with a cohort of holy angels to the gates of heaven, was marked with much eloquent pathos, .and could not fail to tell on the feelings of- the congregation. . Re ferring to the' death of. Charles Rohner the rev! gentleman said:— Before concluding the service this afternoon, let me refer in as solemn language as I can command, to the cause of our meeting in this hall this afternoon. Death has been again at work in our midst. Every week, for some time past, you have had to mourn the loss of some friend, so that the question may -be asked amongst you—Who has not lost a friend ? We expect the old to die like a shock of corgi in his season fully ripe for the sickle, but when we see the young and healthy and vigorous cut off, and death laying his hand of arrest on their tide of life, saying, “ Hitherto shalt thou come, and not farther;”' we must look on in mute astonishment, and say, “ Who will be the next victim.” He paid a just and full tribute to the memory of the deceased as a young man of unblemished and irre proachable character, slander having no weak spot in his public life on which to rest. He gave promise of a useful life for many years, but death had marked him for his own. Though he had the advantage of having the best done for'him that medical skill could devise, still all was vain and futile. His end had come, and the measure of his days accomplished. Whilst we could sympathise with his mourning friends on earth, we could not wake him from his sleep of death. Sleep on, sleep on. friend of our affections and confi dence. Sleep on, sleep on. There is hope of a tree if it be cut down that it may Jive again, but man gives up the ghost and where is he 1 Mr. Hamilton concluded his sermon by addressing the young men present to lay the lesson of Charles Rohner's death to heart, saying to them that if the voice of the de ceased could be heard from the world of spirits, would he not say to them, “ Prepare to meet thy God, for in such an hour as ye think not the Son of Man cometh.” Youth, manhood, and vigour of body could offer no successful de fence to the determined attack of the great enemy', and he counselled them to embrace the offer of mercy now, and death would be robbed of his sting, and the grave of its victory. In some very pointed and impressive words he advised all present to look to Him who conquered death in his own terri tory, and they would in the end hear Him as their judge acquitting them, to share with Him His Father’s throne and Kingdom. The musical part of the ser vice was conducted by the Shepparton Band in a very satis factory manner, and closed by the “ Dead March in Saul,” rendered by the band. A collection was taken up for the memorial fund. In the evening a special funeral service was held at St. Augustine’s I Church of England, \yben the ser ! vice was conducted by the Rev-. H. Fairbrother, M.A., the incumbent. The buildiug was crammed to excess, many persons having to be accommodated with seats in the aisle. The service commenced with the hymn “ Day of Wrath.” The choir rendered Harwood's “ Vital, Spark ” as ;an ,'ajitfiem. “ Days and Moments Quickly fly ing”' was’ chosen .as the .hymn before the sermon. The rev. gentleman took’ashis text Amos 4 chap. 12 v. “ Prepare to Meet thy God.” During his-, discourse • he said the one great end of life should be to follow out the text. God * must’ be met Someday,'.and prepara tion should be the great object of • life. ; i Many, thoughtless people put off the task, but it must be under taken sooner or later, Referring to the fate Mr. Rohner, he said he was-what’might be termed a mus cular Christian. The best way they could follow him. would be to endeavour to give their sports a higher tone. Let it be seen by their- manners . and actions. The saddest part they had to contem plate that evening was the death of their friend. He was but a young man, and had only just started on his journey through lffe. His sudden removal was one of.tke mysterious doings of Providence which could not be explained. The rev. gentleman-concluded by, exhorting his hearers-to prepare to meet their God; Whilst the col lection was being, taken up, the choir sang Dr. Strainer’s anthem “ What are these that are arrayed in white.” After the collection, the hymn “ Now the laborer’s task is o’er” was sung, the preacher pronouncing the Benediction at it’s conclusion. As the corigiega tion were leaving the church the organist played the “Head March in Saul.” The service was most | impressive, without being unduly ' melancholy. The choir, whose j progress under Mr. Johnson, the organist, has been very marked, rendered the whole of the service in; excellent voice, arid are] to rbe • congratulated upon tlie Wgh stan-! sdard they have attained^ ' '' 