OUR AUSTRALIAN POETS. ADAM LINDSAY GORDON. A BRIEF SKETCH, BY P. J. HOLDSWORTH. VERY many months ago, in commenting upon the career of a man whose memory is one of the most exalted in Australasian annals, I remarked that the fatuity of mankind in the matter of Fame might furnish a congenial topic for the most cynical of philosophers. The slow, reluctant spasms of appreciative praise, by which men and journals usually admit the merit of a living notability, very quaintly contrast at times with the vehemence of their eulogies when Death, with its cus- tomary consideration, has removed the haze of envy, indifference, and in appreciation, which had apparently minimized the value of the visible subject. Whilst the individual existed, the partial approbation of friends was more than tempered by the doubtful nods, and cold ironical shoulder-shrugs of the army of non-believers, who always find their powers of perception marvellously impaired when, despite the ancient aphorism, some 'good' is actually found to have 'proceeded from Nazareth.' But after the sleeper has gone down to his narrow house of clay, and sombre mourners stalk about the streets, one finds carefully ushered in the season of ample praise, and, indeed, oft-times hyper- bolical flattery. Possibly all this is right, according to the system of taste patronised or adopted by the public interested. The world, after all its experience, should know its own wishes best ; and in any case, being for the time the stronger, any successful contest with it is impossible. Still, when one notes an undoubted genius like Adam Lindsay Gordon condemned to live com- paratively unappreciated, and to die — self- slain — amidst a whirlwind of debts, duns, and difficulties, one naturally carries a note of interrogation in one's right hand, and, lifting it up, cries, 'Why is this ?' But, before your adequate answer comes, you perceive that the public's eyes have at last become purged and purified, and that the erstwhile blind community perceives — al- though, like the Patriarch of old, too late for useful recognition — that the vanished visi- tant was no ordinary personage. Then you pity the community and hope for better things, and, of course, are not disappointed until the next opportunity occurs ! When such an occasion actually arrives one might be tempted to exclaim to this mutable Sanhedrim — the aforesaid community — Now Life's burnt out, wend ye your ways, And wail, or chant, your mournful lays For brave deeds done in vanished days With hand or head. Fear not, nor falter in your praise — Ye praise the dead. One breath-space strive to unforget ; Recall those marvellous gifts ere yet Death's cold, strange hand had stopped and set Life's vigorous red. Chant on : confess your endless debt — Ye praise the dead. And so on might one run, perhaps, to no effect! For it is owing to this peculiar manifestation of one of the least admirable traits of contemporary colonial taste that the name and fame of Adam Lindsay Gordon — a poet who is now allowed by universal consent to occupy almost the highest position in literary Australia — were comparatively eclipsed during his life. He was certainly known to a very narrow circle of thoughtful men as an accomplished writer of melodious fugitive verses, and to a rather larger circle of thoughtless men as a phenom- enally fearless and skilful horseman. But to-day his reputation and works have pene- trated perhaps further than any colonial writer's, and it is sorrowful to reflect, that had the tardy recognition arisen more promptly, the baffled and broken singer who 'flickered into the dark' down there by the Brighton scrub on the morning of the 24th June, 1870, might have forborne to fire the fatal rifle which deprived Australia of one of the chief of its too few master-singers. The main incidents of Gordon's life may here be recalled from the very latest acces- sible sources. He was born at the Azores in 1833, and was an only son. His father was an officer in the Indian army, and was, undoubtedly, a man of a singularly daunt- less and chivalrous disposition. Gordon was manifestly after the paternal type of character, and his indomitable per- cal courage was a distinct heritage from his intrepid sire. Indeed, had chance or inclination chosen for him a mili- tary career, Gordon, instead of developing into a 'Laureate of the Centaurs' — as he was aptly styled — might have achieved special renown in the role of an English Körner, and enriched the literature of Patriotism with, perhaps, a finer 'Schwert Lied' (sword-song) than did even that dis- tinguished but hapless German soldier-lyrist. For Gordon's whole temperament was distinctly martial and soldierly; and ad- mirably as his verse rings when he sings of the times when the chargers — Came with the rush of the southern surf On the bar of the storm-girt bay, And like muffled drums on the sounding turf Their hoof-strokes echoed away, still he is, to my mind, not a whit less powerful or melodious when he tells, as in the 'Roll of the Kettledrum' of Fierce grinding of sword-blades, Sharp goading of flanks ; or, as in the 'Romance of Britomarte,' of how I clove his skull with a backstroke clean For the glory of God and Gwendoline ; ADAM LINDSAY GORDON. (From an original Sketch kindly lent by Mr. F. C. Goyder.) or, as in 'The Rhyme of Joyous Gard,' of A steel-shod rush and a steel-clad ring And a crash of the spear-staves splintering, And the billowy battle blended ; Riot of chargers — revel of blows And fierce, flushed faces of fighting foes, From croup to bridle that reeled and rose In a sparkle of sword-play splendid. Indeed to suggest the manifest poetic merit of such passages as these is simply to provoke or, at least, challenge, the intelli- gence of the reader; for they tower above mere verse as visibly and symmetrically as the peak of Teneriffe above the surround- ing Atlantic. Our poet was educated at Cheltenham College, where his absorbing passion for horses was at least as conspicuous as his devotion to letters. His curbless spirits appear to have led him into all kinds of school disasters. He seems to have been an absolute menace to the precise dominies of his college, who, in order to assert a peda- gogic sway, which would be valueless if defied, were frequently compelled to adopt drastic measures. But it were idle to recall the tedious tale of boyish escapades. Those whose similarity of tastes or superiority of virtue, inclines them to gloat over such details may be referred to the several accounts extant of Gordon's 'salad days.' Who, among the 'blameless boys' that gazed in holy horror at Gordon's intimacy with stablemen and their fraternity, has pro- duced work like the man who, if he chafed at rules, was at least never ignoble ? His school life, therefore, may be dismissed with the remark that, whilst it may have been disappointing from an ambitious tutorial point of view, it was not besmirched by anything mean or unmanly. Finding his home surroundings too 'cabined and confined,' Gordon, with that longing after the adventurous and unknown, which has proved so valuable a factor in British achievements, fixed his desires upon Australia, and left England for South Aus- tralia in 1853. On his arrival there he joined the Mounted Police, and remained with that force some time. Becoming dis- satisfied, he resigned, and, in the employ- ment of Mr. Stockdale and others, adopted the business of breaking-in horses. For that avocation his remarkable skill with, and love for, the equine race well fitted him, and such was his liberty-loving spirit that he preferred this somewhat uncertain style of living to more staid and paying, but more restricted, pursuits. Of a verity, there was more than a leaven of the intellectual Ishmaelite in him. He was a born Bohemian of the higher grade. His feeling in life was akin to that of the ancient race who boasted — 'We have never yet been in bondage to any man !' Unique, misunderstood by pig- mies, self-contained and self-reliant, and possessing in himself a very distinct sense of manhood, this 'Singer of the Dawn' was no counterfeit, but an authentic product of Nature. Gordon's prowess on horseback was universally admired ; but very few knew that this taciturn wielder of the whip was matriculating as a master of Song. He never wore his poetical heart upon his sleeve ; yet when any companion showed the true magnetic type, his mind's opulent riches would reveal themselves, much to the satisfaction of the listener, whose pleasure was heightened by his surprise. At the age of twenty-nine Gordon mar- ried — married happily. His wife, whom he tenderly loved, was, to use Coventry Pat- more's phrase, 'an angel in the house ;' and, perhaps, for the first time in his unsettled life, he recognised the meaning of the word Home. During this period no small portion of his poetry was written ; and as, about two years after he married, he received a legacy from his father of £6,000 or £7,000, life brightened. He even became a legisla- tor, but was not a success. Unfortunately, he drifted shortly into the Maelstrom of racing extravagance, and his means, poorly husbanded, became soon attenuated. After a non-success at grazing investments, he entered into business at Ballarat. The result was failure, and the horizon seems to have rapidly closed in, — very grimly. He appeared to have lost heart, and at any rate grew pessimistic. It seemed as if, indeed, Life darkened down like a funeral pall — Sombre and grim — Hope, that coils sweet round the hearts of us all, Vanished from him. It now became necessary, in order to live at all, to associate, in a business sense, with turf folks, and he appears to have grown disgusted with that sporting world which was once half his existence. Not that he lost his love for horses, for he rode in many a famous race. But he apparently resented the mendacity which, illogically enough one would think, invariably attends the pro- fessional movements of the 'noblest of animals.' He had now been some time in Victoria, writing at intervals ; but his circumstances had become very straightened. He tried once more the horse- training sphere, with indifferent success. Gordon, as a literary man, lacked the hack-work facility which often enables inferior writers to succeed, where abler pens fail. To the fastidious man — the person whose severest critic is himself — 'finished' writing often means tardiness in composition ; a consummation scarcely 'devoutly to be wished' by the genius who may be 'a man of moods.' For it depresses his efforts when money is in question, whilst an inferior man produces with 'miraculous' rapidity products known in the brother-world of pictorial art as 'pot- boilers.' In any case, Gordon's prose, though, of course, good, was not electrifying in point of merit. His financial Farenheit, therefore, indicated very nearly 'zero.' 'O, the pity of it !' And now, by the deadly decrees of destiny, the end, unexpected as it was, had well-nigh approached. He had anticipated some favourable news about an estate which he believed would fall to him under the laws of entail. The hope proved frustrate, and despair threatened to extinguish the last spark of self-reliance. His debts had accumulated until they seemed insur- mountable, and as he contemplated the un- scalable cliffs of disaster which seemed utterly to surround him, the real Adam Lindsay Gordon appeared annihilated, and in his stead strode about a figure bearing the external look of the poet, but really a being desperate and demented. On the day immediately succeeding the issue of 'Bush Ballads and Galloping Rhymes' — that is (to speak by the card) on the 24th of June, 1870, Gordon rose early, took his rifle, left his house, walked down to the scrub, and — deliberately released himself from a world which, to him, had become a huge Chaos of Mischance. Whether the 'gain' were his it is impossible for us to say, and speculation on this head returns to us utterly profitless ; but that the lasting 'loss' was ours, the veriest sciolist and most exalted intelligence will alike sadly admit. I had not proposed (nor, indeed, would present available limits permit me) to add to this brief recapitulation of facts, much more about the poetry of one whose 'Remains' form part of the intellectual heritage of Australians. But, since leaving the subject wholly unmentioned would be a sin of omission even more flagrant and un- pardonable than the sin of commission necessarily incurred in just barely touching the skirts of the matter, I shall add but a sentence or two by way of conclusion. Let me note, then, that the chief merits which the poetry of Gordon presents to my mind are these : (1) Absolute artistic fidelity to the moods, subjects, or manners depicted ; (2) a rare and remarkable grasp (Continued on page 28.) OUR AUSTRALIAN POETS. ADAM LINDSAY GORDON. (Continued from page 9.) of graphic diction and sense of metrical melody, and (3) a supreme, well- controlled poetical abandonment of the special frame of mind in which the author found himself. To use a word which would not have dis- pleased Grordon, but which I have some hesi- tancy in using, it is Gordon's thoroughness which chiefly impresses me in all his work. He is no dilletante. If he simply looks at you, it is not with the thin, half- supercilious glance of some writers, hut with a great, glowing gaze that shoots from his luminous, deep, and penetrating orbs, and transfixes you. And, should he speak, it is not 'from the teeth outwards,' but with an expanding chest and a rich, resonant organ-roll of voice. You need no 'ghost come from the grave' to tell you that, faulty or faultless, the singer is a strong man — as manlike, I say, in his shortcomings as in his excellencies. In that melodious, though very Swin- burnesque, 'Dedication' to Whyte Melville, prefixed to 'Bush Ballads and Galloping Rhymes,' he tells us that his verses are strong With intent less Of sound than of words. But, taken either way, whether for mastery of melody or matter, are they not notable ? It is palpably true that, in Gordon's work, as in the painting of 'Achilles' hand and spear,' there is a powerful suggestion of the nobler residue unseen — of the mightier part unfinished ; but in what poet, prematurely taken (always excepting Keats), is there not a haunting sense of this incompleteness ? Certain it is that some happy inspirations of Gordon- notably his 'Centaur Lyrics,' as they might be termed — are not likely to be surpassed. As some critic felicitously said : 'He has ridden his races before he wrote of them.' If you glance at Grordon's work candidly he leaves upon you a large sense of reserve power. This is noteworthy and admirable. His goods are not all in his shop-window ; and high as that note of his was, yet it rang bell-toned, and there were higher beyond. The rhetorical strength of our poet is, at least, as conspicuous as his melody and thoroughness of treatment. Every weapon of words he requires lies ready furbished beside him. But, in his rhetoric, he never sacrifices his sense to sound. He 'never draws the thread of his verbosity finer than the staple of his argument,' and in the fields where he naturally commands is he not superb? Why, then, do we so highly value this poet ? Because of his manliness and tender- ness; his meditative strength, and his capti- vating melancholy; his melody of diction, and mastery of emotion. For these reasons, at least, the Australian, whether by birth or adoption, has placed, and will ever place, this poet, not as Shelley phrases it : 'pinnacled dim in the intense inane,' but far nearer to his 'business and his bosom' in a loved, a lofty, and most honored niche in our National Pantheon. 