CHAPTER II. " WrcuRht evtn to pain with emotions long prisoned and ardours volcanic." Meanwhile Thorp could arrive at no theory to account for the Btate of Sir Stephen e health. Sometimes he tblt it to be impossible, wrong, contrary to all his pro fessional instincts, to allow a man to fade away before his eyes withont making an effort to save the life on which its possessor placed eolittle value. Bat each time that he attempted a remonstrance the sick man checked him with a quiet dignity, ifuito irre sistible to one of Thorp's susceptible tempore ment. He had nover eeen any of the family ; he often wished he bad been In communica tion with Sir Stephen's cousin, Mrs. Horn. If she were a sensible woman ho might dis cover some clue to this mysterious malady which wbb wearing away a fine frame. One day, however, on knocking at Sir Stephen's door, a woman's voice replied and asked him to be kind enough to wait a few moments in the room opposite. He obeyed, and as he crossed the door-sill he Baw that he was not alone, A lady eat reading in the wiodow, half hidden by the heavy curtains. In the momentary glimpse he got of her face as she raised her head and bowed slightly he saw that her eyes were of the sb ape of a lotas bad and as bine. She asked him to sit down in & voioe remarkably low and swoet, but after that returned to her book and took no farther notice of him. Thorp was young and impressionable in a high degree, and yet hehad never been really in love ; there was n certain iastidiouB refine ment in his nature, allied to rather more than the ordinary development of ideality, whioh had prevented his falling a victim to the oharms of any girl he had hitherto met. But he made no resistance now. In looking baok upon that first moment of meeting with his fate the troth seemed to have flashed upon him. For good or ill, for happiness or for misery, his heart had passed straight out of bis keeping at the first glance of two wonderful eyes, She seemed unconscious of bis gaze. Ho looktd at first stealtbly, bat gathering coursgo from her complete forgetfalnecs of hie presence, hie eyes dwelt upon her without restraint. He saw a low broad brow crowned by a mass of soft dark hair, a slightly acqui lino nose, and a mouth that olosod firmly and had a sorrowful droop at its corners. Her form, as far as he could see it among the window draperies, was tall and graceful, and noble in the outlines of neck and ehonlders. He forgot to wonder who she was, he forgot how time was going, he forgot his errand to Sir Stephen, and only wished that he might prolong indefinitely the sweetest moment he had ever known, lie had soarcely realized his thoughts before she looked np and said in the soft, yet penetrating tones hehad beard before, "They must have forgotton that yon were waiting, Or. Thorp, I will go and remind MrB. Horn," She rose and passed him on her w.".y out of tho room. Some subtle, indefinable f ragrancB Hosted to him from her garments, a fragrance too delicato and indeterminato to be called Boent, that completed tho spell her presence had cast npon him. Their eyes met once more, and for a second she hesitated. Across all the noise and bustle of life in after years that strange moment came baok to him again and again, the dim. odorous room, the perfect sllenoe, the powerful magnetic presenile, all concentrated in the pathetic, pleading, be wildering quality of the eyes of a woman. She turned her head away and went out. A minute or two later the rustle of a silk dreeB, and a heavy footstep came to fill the blank left iu Thorp's consciousness, " I am sorry yon have been kept welting bo long, Dr. Thorp." He tamed to see a stoat lady in black silk, with a kind vague countenanoo. "I have been with my cousin," "he said, shaking hands cordially with him, " He is vory low-spirited to-day. Could you not mis him up some thing to make him more obeerfnll" Thorp shook his head and sighed. "Sir Stephen is so reserved about himself as to make It almost impossible for mo to prescribe for him, I wish he wonld allow me to call in another doctor, but whBU I suggested it he positively refnBBd." "And he Ib bo obstinate, poor dear, isn't he 7" Mrs. Horn said soothingly. "I tell him a good basin of wholeBome Lnglisb beef tea for lunch every day and properly cooked food, instead of his foreign messes, would soon put life into him, bnt he just laughe at me. He has taken a fancy to have the governess go in and sit with him, bnt you know, doctor, it would be moat improper, I could not allow it, even if she would go, whioh I very much doubt. She might think in a case of illness she ought to—I don't know—bnt it would Bet the servants talk ing. It wonld never do. Yon mast reason with him, doctor, I have exhausted all my arguments." He murmured he Boarcely knew what and bowing went to the sick-room. He fonnd his patient feverish and exhausted, and for some moments Sir Stephen mattered to him self, unconscious of Thorp's preRenco. " Adria ! Adrla, It rests with yon to bring me back to life. They keep you away—ani ptrhapa you would not come." Thorp took the thin hot hand in hie own strong oool grasp, and the touch brought back Sir Stepnen b consoiouaneBs. He tried to emlle and to apeak &g; uaual, bat the effort waa beyond him. He relapsed intoBilenoe Bod lay with dilated eyes staring at tbe wall. "Have you seen Adiia Bellingham?" he asked suddenly apeaking with the excite ment of fever, " No, I know no one of that name," Thorp answered, wondering. Sir Stephen lay Bilent and panting for a while. " I have worn myself out by talking to a fool this afternoon," he eaid wearily. " I have asked my coaeln to bring Adria to me, and she buffets me with some ridiculous com monplaces about an outrage of propriety." " But," said poor Thorp, rather ataggared, " 1b aho the children's governess ?" " So they call her ! sacrilege f Sir Stephen muttered. " What Is she like!" Thorpe asked feebly. He wondered whether he had indeed seen her. "Ask me to desoribe the evening star," Sir Stephen cried impatiently. " If you had eeen ber you would understand why I lie here dying. 1 have implored har to be my wife. X oannot live without her, and she will not, and yet—" Sir Btephen broke off and relapsed into con fused mutterings. Thorp could oatch some of the words, be oould not help listening though it hurt him. "Her eyes draw you, draw you—sod her presence draws you when her oyes are down —She envelopes you with her spell. I have had no will or life of my own since I met those eyeB." ... ■ , He was wandering in his mind, and jreBently when he roused himself again and ixed his burning dark eyes on Thorp's face the dootor oould euaroely tell whether he knew what he waa saying. " For God's sake go and ask her to oome here. There might be a gleam of hope yet, if she could see tnat I am Blucere, that I will not live without her." Thorp asked himself what he ought to do, and after a little while he tobb and went out of the room. He met Tompklnson, the old bald-headed Bervant, and asked whether ho might sea Miss Bellingham. . " There ehe is, sir, the old man answered, and Tborp following the direction oi his oyea saw her oroBsing the entrance-hall, Hb ran down the stairs and called her. She turned and listened to his stammering request with a look ho could not translate, aud she grew very pale. " Mrs. Horn would not allow it, she said coldly and sadly. " I am only the children's governess and must oboy orders, "But if he should die? " " Heath is far from being the worst that can happen to us," she said, and slowly moved away as if resolved to hear no more, Thorp found a meeaeoger for him when bo reached his own house waiting to summon him to a oase of illness at some dis tance. He was obliged to stay with the patient for BOme hours, aud did not get back till 11 o'clock. He had finished his after supper pipe, and seeing that It was paBt mid night was about to go to bed when a loud ring at the surgery boll gave his thoughts a diffe rent turn. He went to the door himself and found old Tompkioeou standing outside with a ghastly face aud great beads of perspira tion bedewing his bald and ample forehead. " Is Bir Stephen worse?" the doctor asked hurriedly. u "No sir, oh no, Bir, hut whoa to Bay he may'nt be dead by morning ?" Why leay so, my good man, u he is no worse thBn when I left him." Thorp drew tbe old man inside the cou eultlug room and looked at him. _ "Sir," Tompkinscn Bald with solemn tremulousneBB, " I was sent to bring you as fast as I could to Luoy, the upper housemaid. She's got a fit, as I'm a living sinner. Shes that mad ae none can hold ber—kicking and LtMOUj, •• ra- -- - fl but there Ib no need to be alarmed. "Ah, but the cause of it, sir I Did you ever hear that Stornoway Boubb waa haun ted^ k,,, " Very true, sir, and so I'should have eaid myself before to-night. Nothing short of seeing it with my own eyeB would have odd vloced me. But I was just going into Sir Stephen's room for the night. 1 d left my candle down in [the drosslng-room and gone to see that the glass door leading out on to the leads was looked, for Miss Belllughain she's wonderful toud of Bitting out there of an evening, and ehe mostly forgets to lock it after her. Well, sir, I went down the corridor In the dark and bolted the door, and was a corning baok and thinking no harm, when right out ol the dark comes a most awful looking figure, about 7 feet high ae I should gueBB, and going up to a peak at the top—for head it had none. Lord, sir ! You oould have knocked me down with a feather. Well, sava I to myBelf, says I— ' " Ves, yes, very good," Thorp interrupted, ' but what did the shape do ?" " Why nothing, eir, not then, but the worst's to oome." " You had better toll me as we go, Thorp Bald, rapidly taking with him what bo thought might be necessary to restore the by stetlcaV maidservant to her souses. Tomp kinBOU resumed bis tale as they drove to Stornoway House, and the doctor, finding that any attempt to keep to the point only caused him to ramble further afield, gave in and allowed him to tell it his own way. " That Lnoy, eir, 1 didn't mean to tell of her, sir, but it was only a few nights ago 1 oanght her out in the garden talking to the butaher's young man. Now Mrs. Horn, she don't allow no followers, and where therea menservautB kept I don't see no call for em, I says to her, I says, Lucy, says I, von re in 'speckable genelm&n;'e 'ouae, cud I will not be aparty to seeing of 'im deoeived." "Well, says she, Mr. Tompkinson, saya she, don't tell of me, and law, sir, I waa always rather soft where young women was concerned, so says I, Lucy, saya I, .do you know tbe valley of an oath 5" " No, says she, I do not." "And she run p»Bt me and got indoors. Bnt to night ehe mast a been at it avj"Oi '°r a few minutes after I see that 'ere orrid shape Bhe comes screeching like a mad thing in at the baok yard and banging on the back door. I waa afrsid as 'ow Sir Stephen nd hear her and I run down as fast's I oould, but there she was on her baok oarryingou like a uiaa woman because she found the door looked. " Weill What had the ghost to do with ^Oh. air, don't apeak ao unoonoerned about It. Why, abe'd eeen the same thing aa I see. She soreamed it right out before them alL When Thorp got to the bouse he found Lucy still violent, possibly making a little more demonstration than necessary in order to ailenoe the voioe of reproof. AU the other servants were with her. sobbing and tremb ling and uttering orieB of tenor at every Iresh sound. Mrs. Horn had been rented by the mite, and wsb endeavouring to make her telf beard above the confusion. "What is this nonsense. about ghoBts ?" the asked, shaking handB with Thorp as ha came in, " Why wasn't the girl in bed, and what in the name of common-sense shonld possess anyone to get np on purpose to see a ghost ? I call it going oat of one's way to be frightened." Older waBat last restored, and the servants packed off to bed with a caution. Mrs. Horn then discovered that she was in want of a composing draught, without which she was sure she should not Bleep after all this excite ment. "Sir Stephen has some very nioe medicines for quieting the nerves," she said. I always went to him to prescribe for me when he was well. But TompkioBon can show you his medioine chest and I have no doubt you oan find it, it was called, let me see—Oh yes—I have it. It was oailed Thingumibob Compl "I fear I should have to ask Sir Stephen about it," Thorp said, trying very hard not to langh, and mnoh relieved at being asked by Tompkinson, juBt at this moment, to see his master before ne left the house. Sir Stephen wished to know what had cansed the confusion, but Tompkinson had been disoreet, and Thorp only told him that one of the maids had been hysterioal and had frightened the others. " By-the-way," he added, " Mrs. Horn was a little upset by the fuss. She says you were in the habit of giving her something to soothe her nerves, but she could not remember the exact name. Componnd something." "Oh yes!" Sir Stephen e&id; laughing. " You will find her favourite potion in my medicine chest in the little libtary just opposite. Tompkinson will show you where it is kept." Armed with definite instructions Thorp searched the medicine chest. It was an exquisite casket made of some fragrant wood, and be observed that besides Borne innocent drugs, well known to him, there was a row of compartments marked "poisons." These were all looked, and Tompkinson remarked that his master al ways kept the keys. One square was empty, Thorpe looked at the label, but it told him nothing, for it wae inscribed in some, to him, unknown oharaotere. Tompkinson further expressed his opinion that Sir Stephen had injured bis health seriously by dabbliog with these chemicals. It seemed that he was a diltitante in several of the arts and sciences. The next day Thorpe fouud the household in a state of revolt. The servants, exoept the faithful Tompkinson, who had lived with his master from boyhood, wanted to leave in a body, and only agreed to stay when they heard that the doctor had consented to sleep in the bouse for the night following the one -on which the ghost had been seen. He declared, however, that he had no intention of watching, for to appear to do so would, he considered, only give oolour to the idea that he believed in the possibility of a super natural appearance. Ha dined with Mrs. Horn and Miss Belliogham that evening, and he took occasion to express his opinion of the occurrence while Tompkinson was in the room. "I strongly suspect that more than one of the maidB was out of the house on some sort of errand, and that each one saw the other." 