THE CHURCHYARD BRIDE. By Rose Kavanagh. Soke years ago hardly a child in the county Monaghan but could tell you something about the graveyard of Errigle Truagb, where the spirit, whose appearance was death, lay in wait for the last person remaining alone in the graveyard after a funeral. All along the sonth wall, where to-day a thick curtain of ivy hangs, and the one-eyed daisies grow, and the clover blossoms are red, and the purple wild pea is trailing, are the graves tenanted, it is said, by the victims of the churchyard ghost. If the last member of a funeral train happened to be a young woman, the spirit assumed the form of a man, handsome and young, and fascinating. The poor mortal was inspired with a charmed passion ; there was a promised day of meeting agaiD, and then a long kiss, but that was the seal of death to her. Once more alone and outside the gate, she would remember the story of the spectre, and with a chill, cold as death already, feel that the day of tryst would be that of her burial. But if the loiterer chanced to be a man, the spirit appeared as a woman; or, as he would be likely to call her, an angel, for beauty such as her's he never gazed on before. There are many legends connected with Errigle, but only once in all its history was the wretched mortal rescued from the power of the spirit, and then it was by a woman. The woods were green and the skies were blue here, one summer evening in the year 1595. Where the Blackwater makes a sweep through the meadows, and the oaks were met above it, a young man and woman were talking, and laughing, and once or twice the youth broke into a song. His two hands were clasped behind his head, which lay back upon the sward, and his dark eyes were fixed on the girl's face —a face that was very small and fair, and only a little less expressive than her soft voice. " Truly no, Owen," the sweet voice was saying, " indeed, then, no! I had something else to do besides dreaming all day about Hugh O'Neill's rough riding lieutenant." " But you made up for it at night, Noma—now didn't you? When he, poor fellow, had your image in his eyes every hour since we parted there below on the bridge. Look here, Noma, am I speaking the truth ? " rising to his kneeB, while she was startled to giving one quick glance into his eyes, where her own blushing face was mirrored. " Oh, yes, of course," she returned, with a shy little laugh, "it would be hard not to see a MacKenna within the shadow of Truatha's green wood. But at the revels in Dungannon, where there were so many courtly dames and fair maidens—then it would be different, I expect." "Do you know what I sang for them at that gay assembly of our chief's, Noma? I made the song myself— made it out of my own heart. You don't. Very well, then, may I tell you some of it now ?" Without waiting for the permission he sang in a clear tenor voice— My mountain maid Of the footfall light; And the fair fine hand That is shy and white, As a flake of snow, Or a roseleaf pale, With its dread to blow On the Autumn gale. "Do you recognise yourself, Noma? I had pictures of you everywhere about me. It is very little for you to give me, this small hand to kiss, after me having thought of it so faithfully." My mountain maid Like the mountain ash, With the lipB as red As its berry's flash! On the wings of hope I will reach her feet; On the "wings of love I will join my sweet. Owen MacMahon was a younger son of the Prince of Orgiel, and Noma was the daughter of Shawn Roe MacKenna, whose cattle grazed the border lands between Tyrone and Monaghan. jShe was far below the rank of her impetuous wooer, but that was a fact both lost sight of long before. By the Avon more of Ulster there had been many a secret meeting like the present interview —a carious mixture of tenderness mid banter. " It is such a wonder you can't let my hair alone, Owen," the silvery voice was again saying, with pretended rebuke. "It is a very extraordinary thing how people change. Before people get married—men at least never see anything to find fault with; but afterwards, then they begin to take different views. I know before Maureen O'Tiernay married Phelim, she need to wear her hair all loose just to please him, and now she has a coif as close as a nan's for fear he would think her untidy-looking." "I am not Phelim, though. Do you really want me to find fault with you, Noma? Dear me, there is mueh in your conduct to condemn. In. the first place, when you meet me you are not to keep your face turned away, nor your eyes on the ground, nor pretend you are deaf when I say, (Noma, do you love me? '" " I wish you could let my hair alone, Owen. I think you ought to know every link in it by heart now." " So I do; but the sun is a prisoner in it. I must set him free. It would be dangerous for me to let him rest so near you, Noma. He might fall in love with you, too. Ah, heaven 1 that is our troop," he broke off to exclaim, as a little squad of cavalry, headed by his father, trotted into sight. " Fare ye well for a whole week, now; and God keep my sweet love." He caught her to his breast for a minute, and was gone. Five nights after in the dusk of the twi light he stood before her again, but there was a fresh sabre cut across his cheek. " I have only an instant to stay, Noma. But you will meet me to-morrow night in Errigle at the moonrise ? We will have work in the graveyard—some of our dead to bury. Others will tell you how the battle of Clontileret was fought and won. Twice Norrey's tried the ford, and was beaten back; then Segrave, the Meathian giant, spurred across, but only to feel the deadly clutch of the Bed Hand. The O'Neill and he fought, not like men—like panthers—and Segrave was slain. Their proud red-cross Saxon banner fell into our hands. ItB standard bearer gave me this," he said, touching the wound on his cheek. She saw the mark then for the first time, and with a little sob of love, and pride, and sympathy, two slender warm I arms went up about his neck. | "Monaghan Castle is ours again, Noma; but I must away. You will meet me to-morrow night, my darling, will you not ?" When be was gone, she was longing for the morrow to come—longing for the sound of that pleasant tender voice, and the light of the joyous young eyes again. Never before did she dress herself so carefully as when stealing out to keep the tryst. There was a soft, white, woollen robe he once praised, and a girdle of blue like the summer sky, and a string of pearls that made an aureole about the sunny head. She looked at herself beside the moon in the .deep Blackwater, and her heart leaped with joy, and her face blushed crimson with delight because she was so fair. Ab ! there he was, leaning against the old tower, gazing down the valley. He did not think she was so close at hand. A little warm thrill of gladness stirred her heart on entering the gate; then she halted, gazed, swayed for a moment like a willow in the wind, and, with a stifled sob, sank to her knees on a grave. For MacMahon had turned, but not to her; he did not see her. A female figure clad in white had glided out of the shadow of the building. Norna saw the stranger's face, and MacMahon saw it too. The young girl thought, with the agony of despair,-" this is not their first meeting." For alas ! alas! her lover stepped forward, and clasped that lovely light form to his breast. Ob, how beautiful she was! A cheek like the rose of June, a neck fair and supple—perhaps a little too, sinuous in its snakplike grace—lips as the ripe cherries. Norna was too heart-sick to note that no breath stole through the parted lips. She saw therobe of silver tissue, that was softer than a cloud, and the delicate fairy feet, from which no shadow stretched. It was too clearly she saw the adoring look in Owen's eyes, as/he gazed'down on this other's radiant countenance. Then when he Stooped to 1 kiss her, Noma could bear no more. , She put her face down On the dewy grass of the grave and fainted away. Owen MacMahon had gone mad, they Baid. All day long he sat in silence in the buaili (hut) of his foster father, bat when the dusk came be crossed the hills to Errigle Trnagb, and from that hour till cockcrow wan dered through the graveyard, searching for somebody in vain. Benburb was fought without him; he did not know his chief, Hugh O'Neill, nor his own father; and, alas! when poor Norma once, twice, tried to reach his reason 1 through his heart, he had no recollec tion of seeing her before. I " I love only one woman," he said; " I will never love another. No, her name was not Noma MacKenna. She had no name. She is known to me by the dearest name in the world, my darling. She lives in Errigle, but I am to see her again. She promised it, promised-to be my wife, a month from that riehl." " You will marry her, Owen ?" asked Noroa, suddenly. " Yes, yes," was the impatient answer. " If she could Bee my heart she would come to me now—now. But perhaps she will be there to-night." Before it was quite dark there were lights flitting through the old tower of Errigle. On a table covered with a cloth were two rude candlesticks; quite in the background a richly mailed warrior knelt, and prayed—it was the MacMahon, Prince of Orgiel. An aged friar, in surplice and stole, with a book in his hand, stood out in the light. He raised his joined bands in blessing as Noma MacEenna knelt before him. Her dress was white, and fashioned like that of the woman who bad stolen Owen's heart, but her cheek was still whiter. " Go, and God strengthen you, poor child," said the priest, " I will pray for both you and him." " Go, with the blessing of Heaven and' his father's," said the old soldier, as be stooped to kiss her forehead. " Go oh your mission of love and mercy, sweet Noma." Ah, poor Owen! There he was already wandering round the Church, eye and ear alike strained to catch the object of bis passion. The moon moved out from behind a bank of cloud, and Noma stood forward. There was a moment's hesitation, and then he sprang to her—the resem blance was close, enough to deceive a saner gaze than his. But Noma found it very hard to suffer the caresses that were not meant for her. " You will marry me now—now," he whispered, and she bent her head in silence. Then they were kneeling before the priest, and the words of the marriage service were spoken. MacMahon answered like one asleep; the girl in tremulous whispers. *' Thoee whom God hath joined let neither man nor devil put asunder," said the calm voice of the friar, as be blessed them, and Owen MacMahon sprang to his feet with a loud cry. " Noma, Noma, my darling 1 where was 1 ?" be exclaimed, and then old atories have it, that, to make matters doubly secure, both be and the Chief tain of Orgiel insisted on having the ceremony again repeated, then and there, the bridegroom having regained his senses, and the evil spell being broken. Bat it is well known MacMabon had the best wife and the happiest life of any man of the age. That Flourishing Company.—It is not quite a century since the Cork Defence Union declared a magnificent dividend—thirty per cent., no less. We took leave to be sceptical over the genuineness of the balance-sheet. Our incredulity is justified with startling suddenness. It is not usual for com panies paying high dividends to send round whining appeals fur public support ; and this is, it appears, what the Cork Defence Union is doing just now. Elsewhere will be found the text of the appeal the committee make Tor donations, " Ho matter how small," to the charity of .a generous public. The j document must, under ' the - clrcum-| stance*, be regarded as a literary and political curiosity. 