Tlie Sunday Reader. GRACE AND SALVATION. (Bv the Rev. Sam. P. Jones.) For the grace of God that brin^cth salvation h.itli 1 appeared to all men, t caching us that, denying ungodliness and uorlily iuntf, wc should live Hoburly, righteously, and godly in this present world ; looking for that blessed hope, and the I k'lorioufl appearing ot thu ^rcnt Cod and our 1 Saviour .'obus Christ, who kuvc Himself for us. that He might redeem us from all iniquity, ana purify unto Himself a peculiar people, zealous of good workH.— Titps 11. 11—14. 1 want to say to Christian people, God is answering your prayers. 1 have heard many things to-day that encourage me. Those are indcx-fingors pointing to answered prayers. Thank God, He is a prayer-hearing and a prayer-answering God ! Many things I have heard to-day give cvidcrcc of genuine Holy (jhost work in this city. - have no confidence in the work of any man — I have uo confidence in the pormnncney of the work of Hny mun ; but I believe there is truth in God, aud virtue in the blood of Christ, and power in the Holy Ghost, if these Divine agencies will work with us, there will be a work done in this city that will outlive the stare. To God he all the glory, because all the power, all the grace, and all the dominion are His. Let the i cross corne out in all its baldness to redeem men. Jt is to the cross J invite you. It is in the shadow of tlu* ero^s that we expcct hope, aud life, ami salvation. We invito your prayerful attention to the four verses beginning with tlie eleventh verse of the second chapter of Paul to Titus. Of course we have not the time to discuss ull of the four verses, but wc will read and discuss them as far as wc may. ki For the grace of God that bringcth salvjtion hath appeared to all men.' This term 44 gr^cc' is peculiarly a gospel term — a New Testament term. It covers all the blessings of the pact, all tlio enjoyments of the present, all the hopes of tho future. We arc not only redeemed by grace, but we are born by grace, and we live by grace, anil we are . uved by grace. We know not hew to estimate the value of thi* graeo of God. We generally estimate the wine of an object by ivlutt it w.ll bring in market, ui by what we paid for it. We are not redeemed by corruptible things, such uts tih t-r and gold, but by tbe precious blood of tho Sou of God. Into the blood of the Son of God pleading and bleeding in the garden of Gethsctn.-nc, the recording angel dipped his pen and wrote : ' Peace ou earth, good-will toward men.' It is through the blood of the everlasting cove nant that this giacc flows to the ruth. The Holy Ghost awaited in heaven the o. nwi^ o! this fc-acrifice. When the Son's fc»,t touoneJ the streets of gold, the Holy I J host flew riuht through the window and came to earth to sprinkle the world with !iis blood that was to clemsc the nations. Mr. Ingersoll says the reason he does not like this religion is because it is a bloody re ligion. I like it because it is a bloody re ligion ; for without the shedding of blood there is no remission of sins. It is the cross that brought me to repentance, that makes m- feel that 1 want to be better, that surrounds me with Gospel influences, that brings salva tion in all fulness unto all men. Thank god for the expression ?' unto all men!*' Thank God, I can lay my eyes ou His Word, «-nd my baud ou my heart, and bay, 1 hcliivc that Jesus Christ died for me ; not only for me, but for my wife, for each one of my children, ami for you, aud your wiv«s, and your children ! He has not only provided .salvation for all inanKimt, nut lor each mdix idual ; and if you should fail to get to heaven, tli.xe will be a crown in glory that no head will over wear- a palm of vietoty in hetven no hand will ever wave; if you fail to make the poit of glory, there will be a harp iu heaven untouched by angel hainds. Christ is the propitiation for our sins, and not for ours only, but also for the sins of the whole world. Wc look for the redemption of the world through Jesus Christ. The world can never be redeemed by a Gospel that ex cludes a single human being. If you search this universe and find one humau beiug not to earth again, and would be nailed to the cross, and suffer and die for that one immortal soul. I am very glad the pulpits of the earth are coming together on this point. Thank God, I have seen some advancement iu my day, and 1 yet hope to see the day when every pulpit will agree upon the 14 whosoever will !' Nothing less than this can express the great gushing heart of God to the race. We are all created on a common platform ; we arc all redeemed on a commou platform, Wheu God gave oue a chance, He threw the gates open to all. Thanks be unto God for a Gospel that saves me, aud is suflicient in its breadth aud depth for a woild of sinners ! '1 his grace that bringeth salvation hath appeared to all men. The object of this grace, primarily, is to teacn. ^nrnsi wus u isiviue icacncr, a Divine Philosopher, aud a Divine Saviour. This grace of God that bringcth salvation hath appeared to nil men — not saving us merely, but making us worth saving. There are old money-lenders in this city who, if they were to get to heaven, would not be there three weeks before they would want to set up business. Men must be taught some things before they can be saved in the Gospel sense. Jesus Christ told His disciples to 'go forth,' fao^incr n.1! nations.' The dillicultv to-dav i in China is, because the people are not taught. Wc narrow the discussiou down so tbat wc may first be practical and then be scriptural. The great trouble is not that the truth is not preached. You never heard a sermon in your life that had uot in it truth enough to save a thousand souls like yours. livery man't heart is so filled up with error, that ho bas no room for the truth. It is a philosophic truth that no two BUU&faHUceft; van ueeupj uiu twine space at tlie same time. Jt is because there is not room for them. If God will empty your heads and hearts of a!) tho error you have packed away in them, I will preach enough truth to save you all to-night. We say every man is full of his own opinions. 'My opinion is so-and-so. It is no harm to daccc. It is no harm to play cards. I can live just as good out of the Church as in it There is no harm iu a dram.' You, ? S«: ? A|.l l.trnnwitfi ,rAlll VVI.rii Km compromising v*-. ii;rv,,,v, rooms arc s'*t up ou every corner, an old hypocrite will wipe his mouth, ami say there is no harm in a dram. It takes all the ministers, and praying mothers, and tho best influences of God and angels, to keep you up out of a drunkard's grave ; and yet you will wipe your mouth and drink on ! There is no harm in this or that. Look me in tho face as an honest man; let us meet these facts as we find them. That old Colonel will eit out there on the street and pronounce his opinion, so and bo. Young men will say, 41 It is my opinion.' They got that from the old Colonel, and he got it fresh from Hell. They all say, ' My opinion.' Very few mcu think. One or two great minds do the thinking for Europe. One or two great minds do the thinking for America. This city bas very few thinking men in it, but everything in town is chock full of opinions. We get encasod in these opinions, and we are absolutely invul nerable to God's own truth and power. A man encased in his own opinions 4s beyond the reach of the power of God. See tlie old farmer in the house smoking quietly : a storm gathers, and a cloud, loaded with electricity, is overhead ; the lightning strikes the rod on the chimney ana throws ihcix hiu* uii uii-i, and the farmer sits and Rmokes as if nothing had happened. I'he gospel of Christ flashes above the heads of the multitude and descends with ein-killing power, and strikes this out side ineasement of every man's own opinions, and runs off into the earth. Tlie man walks off and says, ' Tlie preacher has his opinion, and I have mine ' No mun that walks this earth has a right to an opinion on a moral question when God speaks. On geological, astronomical, and doctrinal questions, it is your right to hold opinions. Do not mis understand me. -1 say on, moral, questions upon which God has ipoken. The only way to tell whether a thing is straight or crooked is to apply the straight-edge, and not stand, like a fool, guessing at it. God tells me in this book what is right and what is wrong. When ood fepeaks out, let all tho world stand, still and listen. Trace the opinion to origin ; take the back-track on all opinions, i and yon will find them every one in hell* They are all going back to hell, and will take you with them. ' It is my opinion, bo and so.' Shut your month, you babbler! Thp less seme a fellow has, and the less he thinks, the more opinions he has.. You must live soberly, righteously, godly, in this world. The Bible was not given to teach me the way - the heavens go, hut to teach ine the way to go to heaven. Mr. JSo-and-So is a mighty smart man, and lie does not agree with the preachers. Yea ; there are plenty of brains in hell. You understand that, don't you ? I despise to see a man who knows more than everybody else in the community, and who does not know - enough to behave himself. Some men have not got sense enough to be decent. God have mercy on men who have not got sense enough to be faithful to the vows made to their wives I I say to you all to-night that some of the most cultured mcu are the most corrupt men. Whit is culture worth if it is but the whitewash on a rascal ? I would rather Uo in heaven leurniug my A, B, C's, than sit ting in hell readiug Greek. I would rather my b^y would have hardly sepse enough to run a straight furrow in my field than to be is some of the sensible men in this city to night. Kriop my boy poor and honest, .and lot him din n fo .l. If you arc doing wrong; *1 uit it. About twelve years ago the grace of God came gushing into my heart, and 1 knew that I was a sinuer and ought to ouit sinninfr. That lessou has lingered with me from that hour to this. The poorest, weakest man . in this city may decide to-night, and God will help him to the point where he will never need help The devil tempted me sometimes till my knees got weak. Hut God's grace is suffi cient to make you quit doing wrong and go to dninjr ri; ht, in the name of Christ. That i-5 my religion. Whati- the difference between what I was fifteen years ago and wlmt I am to-night 'i T iu; ve never Ivlirvcd any thing since that time that I did rot believe hef'ire. I believed be fore, but did not do. 1 have now been a be liever and a do«,r for twelve years. That is ?h«* ??iderenee betw een a Cilri .tian and a sin ner H is aiiiiin Christ; it is following, loving, revring Him. J have never been converted, if a man must believe something afterward tb :t be didu't believe before. It is not believing f-o much as it is doing. 44 Show mo your faith,' said James, 44 Without your v.imUs, aud I will show you my faith by my works. N«w you tire getting down to facts. [ lu lieve.l nid did not ; now 1 believe aud do. Tln» t«'ii«hti\'4 i- that you must quit doing \vr. ng. I .lo not see how some of you get alo'-.g with yourselves. You must reach tiie l-oint when y«m will say, 41 1 will quit it;' for ,\i»n o :i ii«:ver get. religion till you do that. Ilcliitiou is quitting the wrong and t.etermin ing on a bet tor life. I expeet if some of us good brethren had been sitting in that saertd ?;onipiiiy. and he.ird t' c words, 'Come ai.d follow iiie/' wo would have called Matthew to one side, ami said, '* Hold on, wc are not con verted yet !' The best evidence that a mau lias g''t religion is that he has quit doing wrong and ih doing right. Hirds do not sing sweeter nor trees look prettier. I 6aw that in a book once, and i don'l go much ou it since. I am runuing on this, that I have quit my memness. I believe in a religion that reforms a man from head to foot, through aud through. -!od never regenerates a may until he reforms himself. There is nothing in grace that will make you s- ber man with a quart of whiskey inside of you. There i- untiling iu the grace of God tlia t ea ii k r op a lit .in clean while he is leading a Jiecntionss I fe. Ynu must, place yourself so that God can get au under-bold of you. Yon all knew what that meant when you were boys al. school, When 1 was a boy f could throw another very quickly if he would give me the under-hold. At first I abandoned the sins 1 could get along best without; but finally, when I found that I was making no progress, 1 pat my sins in one pile, ^tucked them on the old bridge, and stuck a torch to the bridge. 1 am uow for heaven or nothing. Quit your mcannoFS, and tell God you mean it, if you wish to be saved. You ne- d not be skipping around the l^ord with the devil's old mmket on your thoulder. Couversion means to quit thn wrong aud begin the right. Con version that does not mean that I have quit all that iu wrong, and mean to hold to it, does not mean conversion It is like one neighhoui going to the house of another and saying: 'Give ine a thousand dollars; I have lived here ten years, and have not burued ycin house, uor crippled your chil dren.' Dou't imagine that because you have burued up uo meeting-house and killed no preachers yon will get in ct the foil's door. You will never get in on that line. You must uot only quit doing wrong, but you must b' gin to d'» right. You must lie good every ?lay in tue wecK, ana goou an rue time, l dou't understand these men who arc pious . Sunday morning at the eleven o'clock service, and go home and put on their cvery-d^y clothes and their meanness —pious in Naf-h-s villc, but tlie devil's owu dog in New York. I will be the Lord's everywhere ; I will not be ? cast down or lifted up. Heaven is on a dead level with a good m iu. 14 1 am having my ups and dow ns,' said the old man. Yes ; you will be down iu hell someday. Never quarrel with God, nor with your condition in life. Job was one of this sort. Cranmer anil Ridlov werf. burned in the reien of Marv in England. When the clothes were burned from his flesh, when his arm was on fire and in a blaze, old Cranmer looked over to Hidley, and said : 44 Be of good cheer ; we are lighting a lire that will burn round the world.' Wc need a revival of downright honesty in the Church of God. There are many men iu , the Church boarding with tin jr wives. We I must meet the fact that wc ha^e got uo char acter os a. Church, (jo to one of these stores and try to ruu your Methodism on them. The store-keeper will say : 44 Come in and look at my books, and you will not blame me for not taking on more.' We think it is no harm to swindle a brother iu the Church. An honest man ia the noblest work of God, i'he old Church has gravitated downwards uutil the world bi.cks water oo her. Sir, you cau't ditch her oil'. Go after au old sinner, and he will say : 44 Jones, pay ine what you owe me, and 1 will join.' 1 thank God that a poor man can be an honest man ! The devil bank rupted me. I got religion and went to preach ing, and -was several huudied dollars in debt. One said : 1 have confidence in Sam ; lie is a good, clever fellow ; but I would like hiin better if he would pay his debu.' But I went on until I mid the last dollar of it. If you waut to pay your debts, people know it. Cod pity the man that is boarding with hiu wife in . a lifty-thousind dollar munsion. aud is cheat- ^ ing the widow and orphan ! We want honest, . men in the Church, that will do what they say '' they will do. There is many a good man who caunot pay his debt*. There are men iu this city struggling against difficulties that would' break an angel's h« art. But the grace of God that bringeth salvation willhesuffi' i cient to save you if you will M deny ungodli , ness and worldly lusts, and live soberly, righteously, and godly, iu tins present world looking for that blessed hope, and the glorious appearing of the great God and our Saviour Jesus Christ ; who gave Himself fbr us, that He might redeem us from all iniquity, aud 1 purify unto Himself a peculiar people, zealous of good works.' If God will give us such a , i measuic of His Holy Spirit that the Church I ...Ml I ? .,„*n «-i1l 'liA a peculiar people, zealous of good works, then the grace of God, that bringe h Balyation.'wjlj, appear unto every sinner in this city, andjr' save him from all ungodliness' and worldly'.,1 lusts, so thai henceforth he will live Boberly, 'J righteously, aud godly, in this present world! 