ELECTION OF PBIMATE. Notwithstanding the precarious nature of the mode adopted for the election of a bishop of Sydney, the process haB apparent- I ly succeeded tnis time, in the choice of I the Rev. Dr. Saumarez Smith, the prin- I cipal of St. Aiden's Theological College, I Birkenhead, near Liverpool. It speaks I well lor bis orthodoxy that he has the full I confidenceand approbation of Bishop Ryle I of Liverpool, and of Rev. F. A. ChavaBse I who was one of those whose names were I Bubmitted by the Sydney Synod as cnn- I didates for the primacy. "We need not I therefore fear the further encouragement I of the man millinery and sacerdotal craze I in the diocese. W e do not add to this I recommendation that other one which I was hinted by some of the journals— I namely the existence already, among, the I clergy here, of an alumnus of the College I of St. Aiden's above mentioned; When I We welcome Bishop : Smith, we do not, I Accept St. Aiden's. It may he a very fair. I specimen, as theological colleges go, (and I that iB not very far, we must confess,) I We nave lost sight of .it for many years, since the incumbency of Dr. Bailey : but we do not know whether it would be safe for ub to estimate it on the basis of the high attainments, scholarship, and pastoral ability of the Incumbent of St. John's, Glebe , Point. Dr. Saumarez Smith, its present principal, is . decidedly protestant, the Bev. Mr. Saliniere is sacerdotal, — he is -in' 1 fact — "a priest of the Anglican Church." Perhaps the good bishop' — the head of St. Aiden's, may influence the rev.: alumnus toward the truth. As one might expect, the ordeal of practical trial did not fail to illustrate the utter stupidity of the mode of election fixed upon by the collected wisdom of the Australian bishops. The Synod of the diocese had ordained a Bimple proceeding for the election, not unlike that by which the other dioceses elect whenever a vacancy occurs. But the bishopB of Australia changed all that; and formed the present round-about way. Three, names are elected and sent up to the bishops of New South Wales, who strike out one ; the bishops of all Aus tralia: and Tasmania then reduce the remaining two to one, who succeeds to the primacy. Of the three, no one knows who will - or will not accept the offer. So the thing is a game of blind man's buff. So it is now complained by Bishop Kennion, of Adelaide, Bishop Webber, of Brisbane, ' and : : Bishop Camidge of Bathurst, ' ithat after two names had been .-submitted to the bench, and one (Mr. . iMoule) had been preferred, it was ' -ascertained that Mr. Moule- declined, and \ then- the bishops were invited to vote for ; : Dr.Smith ; which they did ; except BishopB : Kennion and Webber; who protest because 3 . two names had not been presented to i them, with a certainty that either of them : would accept. All this may be very good as a protest against the present mode of election, which is the method proposed by the bishops, but of course it does not interfere with the fact, that Dr. Smith, t is actually and legally Bishop of Sydney, Metropolitan, and Primate. The best thing for Dr. Kennion to do, under the circumstances, is to get his right rey. brethren to arrange a better mode of election — one in which no election shall take place until the willingness of the can didates be known. Perhaps in the reform it may be necessary to give the Sydney diocese the choice of its head, without any interference from without. Then of course the primacy would not necessarily attach to Sydney. But what is the primacy? The chairmanship of the house of bishops. Surely their lordships could elect their own cnairman, and leave ns our local rights. We dare say that Dr. Smith will be the last bishop of Sydney elected under 'the present absurd rules. The election has at all events proved that the development of the priestly movement has really been very much exaggerated in people's estimate. It seems as if the sacerdotal faction has not only ceased to grow, but has lost immensely in power, during the last few years. When the See was vacant, on Bishop Barker's death, there was a fierce fight in Synod, and a fierce one kept up by the rits against the protestant nominees. They, supposed themselves to have triumphed in getting the others set aside in favour of Dr. Barry, who at that time was reckoned as anti-protestant. Now that party venture to put forward; no candidate. They propose the very men selected by the evangelicals ; all . three protestant and evangelical. The E.C.U., with that prodigy of moral excel- . lence, Clarendon Stuart as chair- man, had not even a whisper in the business. In fact it had died out; and is still dead - — unless we. take that successor of Mr. Stuart, Mr. Tennent Donaldson, as the worthy ghost of the former pretender. The calibre of such leaders sufficiently indicates the futility of their cause. Ritualism in N ew South Wales is moribund ; and its chief semblance of , life at present is abject terror. regarding the Church Association.; Yet after all, why do they fear .the Churchy Association ? : There is no ecclesiastical law court here ; so there; can be no fear,, of litigation. It is simply this. . The; majority ;of the . members of Synod are actually members of the Association, or, will vote for their principles. It iB in fact because the large majority of Synod are protestant. ' This itself sboWB that the sacerdotal principles are not making way. The Australian Church Times , the official organ of the' Guild of St. Alban in its isBue of 'July 31, contains a state ment which may serve to indicate: 'the source whence the Sydney Morning Herald of a, recent date obtained its celebrated false information, relative to a deadlock having occurred in the election of a bishop' to the vacant primacy of Sydney. Th e'Church Times says " The ecclesiastical ' little 1 bird ' whispered in' our ear the other day, that a deadlock has occurred in the appointment of Dr. Barry's successor. It appears that two of the bishops are for rejecting one nominee, arid1 the other two another. TJntil, therefore, one' side gives . way, nothing farther can be done." It is understood ' that a' member of the St. Alban Guild is in the employ of the Herald , so that the source of inspiration can he readily .traced: and if it be trne that a challenge was made as to the. reliableness of 'the' statement, the animus of the leader writer certainly overrode his discretion : for the whole statement was entirely untrue. We may safely look upon the " little bird " as a " lyre " bird, mensurus superha , and this symbol should forthwith be made the badge of the St. Albanites. Not only has there-been no deadlock, but the election ' is now com pleted. The Australian bishops seem to have taken remarkable pains to facilitate the choice, arid' all true Protestants have reason for devout thankfulness to Almighty God; that the selection has been made of Ganon Saumarez Smith, Princi pal of St. Aidan's Theological » Training : College, near Birkenhead, Liverpool. The Eev. Alfred Yarnold. of Christ Church,' St. Leonards,' and the Eevi E. C.' Cranswick, of . Springwood, are old St. Aidan's men, and can give warm testis! mony to the varied attainments of; 'the new Primate. Dr. Smith is physically an imposing man, of deep; learning, a powerful preacher, and one who is loyal to the Church of England, Protestant and Beformed. The London Church Times — a paper akin in sentiments and veracity to its Australian contemporary — classes the three nominees as " ultra-low Church men," and had either of the other two been chosen, the Church of England in Australia would have had a singularly able and godly man as its chief pastor. The Eev. Handley C. G. 'Moule, as soon as he saw; his name nominated in' the Keuter s telegram, unhesitatingly ex- . pressed his inability to accept the pro posed honour, by reason of the extreme importance of the educational work he has in hand in the University of Cam bridge. Eidley Hall, under Mr. Moule, is the great Cambridge training college for the Evangelical clergy. Over two hundred young men have passed under Mr. Moule's care, and are now labouring in every part of the world as ordained clergymen of the Church of England; their leading characteristic being un- swerving protestantism, and exemplary Christian devotion ; in fact they, are the very, salt of the Church. The Eev. E. A. Chavasse has been called upon' to occupy an exactly ; similar posi tion in-the University of Oxford, having accepted the principalship of Wyclcliffe Hall since be was nominated by the Synod ; it was therefore impossible that he could : resign the new post even for a primacy. Perhaps no individual haB ereater influence with vouner men in Oxford than the late Eector of St. Peter- le- Bailey, whose wonderful power simply fascinates, so that whenever Mr. Cha vasse preaches, his audience is principally composed of young men, both under graduates and townsmen. The London "Record expressed the feel ings of the great evangelical party, when it stated, in announcing the nominees, that not ; one of these three men could be spared. "What therefore is England's loss Ib Australia's gain. Eor the past twenty years Dr. Saumarez Smith has been the Principal of St, Aiden's, the .Eyangelical training school in the north of England. His life work will need to be continued in his new southern sphere of labour. The one pressing want of to-day in the Church of England in Aus- tralia, is a native ; ministry. Moore Col-' >1 lege, the successful training 'Bchoo! of .theii. I past, - with' ' an > admirable record of work; H was extinguished by the appointment' si by, Bishop Barry, of an imported ritualist'; r n 'and the> Church has to be extrem'ely d thankful that the late Primate refrained; i f from imposing a legacy of trouble, by i i placing another unsuitable man in office ' before he left. The resuscitation of Moore College will, without doubt, receive : the .first' attention of the new bishop'. None of the training colleges in the otheri';; dioceses can be said to be satisfactory ;'>tf but with the new' Moore College' fulb ofio't Christian 'vigonr and sending forth taush: earnest Evangelical Ministry; the further id) importation of microbes ofi-ritualisin 'will<>b necessarily, cease. - The harm done : by i" these atoms - has been out of all pro-dl portion to their- size, and if the"ex-.if Primate had taken them all back to Eng-j < ' land in his Hand-bag, the rejoicing would -' have been general. Perhaps after i all,' their development during Dr. Harry's : ' pritriacy may not have been an unmixed ' evil ; for the danger of the Church, under 'J his influence, was, by the Providence : of rl i God, recognised by the laity; and upon.:: the Church of England Association of New: South Wales the duty devolved tofu': withstanding the incoming tide of Romish Ritualism. Its organisation; has been: in distinct gain to the church, its influence ; at the late sessiori largely resulted in the- ' great unanimity. < that characterised') its i deliberations, and its purpose should' now' "' be. to unite : the < clergy and laity iritojai'" 1 solid phalanx i against the ritual schism. ' : To its efficiency - we probably owe 'the, ) - narrow;escape the diocese had; of having 1: : Dr.; Kennion, Bishop . of 1 Adelaide .foisted . into - the vacant, primacy, by the strong - - effort made to arrive at that, to 'Protes- tantism—disastrous result. ,.' ss -1. j . Ceaseless -vigilance nust continue to-be u 1 the- Protestant.; watchword; odestr uthe y-: .enemy creep in uriawares. On 'all sides :/) the- outlook is gloomy to a ! degree': \ 'The J i selfishness, of the: Iworld' has > ..tainted '! Christianity to tolerate evil under many > alluring forms. -False liberalism appeals : : eloquently to faithless sentiment, to f allow that which is fundamentally opposed ; to the pure doctrines of Christ; and the lethargy and lukewarmness of the various Protestant Churches invite a disastrous defeat. We trust that the presence of so godly a leader as Dr. ; Saumarez Smith, will awaken the historic . Church of England to take a foremost -/ position in the conflict between Christ ' - i and the Prince of this World. 