THE GRAVEYARD SCENE. There is a aerio-oomio air (says Hugh Kalyptus) about the brokers' last grievance— they are always having some trouble on their minds when booming slackens off. Rot very long ago there was weeping and wailing and gnashing of teeth because they were Robb-ed of the loznry of smoking and expectorating t upon the glass floor which lights the room i below, and their wrongs troubled them lika a nail in a boot. Robbing a poor man of his beer is nothing in atrocity to the cruel and heartless act of depriving a broker of his pipe; and now it Beems that the men of sorip and booms were not the chief offenders—they smoked the pipe of peace and re6nement, and expectorated not at all—it was the wicked loungers who did it, the men who came perchanoe to buy and remained to •moke. Now the corner men have a real, substantial, I may say, iron-bound, iron-bolted grievance. Mr. Muirhead, who has an artistic eye, erected a fac- eimi!e of Napoleon's tomb at St. Helena on the floor of the Roya' Exchange, a spiked iron railing—for all the world like those put round grt.vea by friends anxious that the ghost of'tthe dear departed should not climb out and perhaps lose itway. It is painted a deadly-lively sort o colour, and is enough to give any sensitiveminded broker the whim-whams or the horrors. Then the voice of the injured rr B - like the wail of Peris banished from Paradise and doomed to crowd each other on the oold, hard flags of an unsympathetic world. The ear of Muirhead iB ever open to the voice of the distressed, and he calmed those perturbed spirits by giving them a slice of the whole o' what they wanted. Verily the brokers are easily satisfied ; it was to them like getting a small commission when they wanted a large one, but they are thankful for smal mercies. One of the latest snake stories is a terrific tax upon the credulity of even the most credulous. It is solemnly set forth that the glass snake, which naturalists know ia a' brittle as the thread of life of the Cookburn Variety Troupe, has the power of re-uniting the severed portions of its wriggling carcass. If a glass snake ia broken even in several distinct portions, those separate parts wriggle together and beoome a whole snake again. This is very convenient for the Bn*ke, but it must be a comical process. Just imagine the head part hunting about until it finds the tail part and the middle, and then baoking up till a junction is formed. It is an ingenious experiment and refleots considerable credit upon the snake; ibut, although th° SdentijU American gives us the story and seems to vouch for it, I should like to have a private stance with the gluesomc snake. Some individual who has a fanoy for fowls suggests that veterinary Burgeons should study hep ailments, and be able to professionally advise the denizens of the poultry yard when any of the Hen Convention are sick. I fancy the average vet. would sooner tackle a horse any day that feel the pulse of a hen. ; The average hen, if I know her as I think I do, ia aa contrary as the average woman and just as likely to screeoh and " take on." A wild-eyed hen doctor running frantically over the place after a fowl with the whim-whams would be a sight, worth seeing. He would probably end by thro wing every portable artiole in the yard after his feathered patient, and would then leave, swearing he would never undertake to physic any one of the breed again; there would be too much physical exercise and profanity about the work to Buit an ordinary man—an Indian on the warpath wanting something to scalp might try it. A correspondent writes:—'" At the close of last summer a line repairer on one of the Northern lines was travelling by a tricycle when he saw a large snake lying across the line asleep. He dismounted and tried to kill the reptile by throwing stones, but his aim cot being very true, the snake escaped the missies and, making for the tricycle, took up a position there dodging all efforts of the man to kill it or make him leave the machine. After trying in vain, the man pushed the tricycle with the snake for some miles till he arrived at one of the railway stations, where a porter assisted him to kill it." We should have believed this had not oar correspondent added, ** This is a tact." A blackfellow, recently wanJering about a country township, was asked to hoM a horse while the owner went into a pnblio-jhouse. Jimmy held the horse patiently for half hoot' W "Q when, becoming impatient, he bailed fc small boy passing and asked him to bold the animaL The native had scarcely left his charge two minutes when the owne: of the horse appeared and rewarded the bay with a shilling; Jimmy, seeing this, demanded two shillings from the horse-owner, which was refused; he then tried to get a sixpence from the boy—this was also refused. Jimmy went away growling, and exclaimed,- •'I will jost go to a blooming lawyer and have this iffair settled. X did .the work and the boy got a chillin; me got nothing—i« that what you call fair treatment?' ThiB speech brought forth a laugh from some bystanders, who enquired how the native learned to speak such good English. The native informed them that he had worked for a parson for three years when he was a boy—but got no pay, only some old clothes and any amount of schooling. Somebody tossed him a shilling, and he went away satisfied. The Colonies and India, a journal published in London, relates a story, in which Dr. Kecnion is made to figure. The C. and I. bays that the Bishop was at dinner in Adelaide when a servant dropped the soup over his clothes, whereupon he turned to the company with the remark—"Will some layman make a remark appropriate to the occasion ?" The tale is what the Yankees call a *' chestnut," The last time we heard a story very Jike this, the Bishop of Peterborough was the prelate who invited the co operation of a lay man. It reminds us of another story about a crush at a railway station, when a number of passengers, including a high ecclesiastic, were unable to get their luggage, and the porters were, after the manner of some of their kiad indifferent. Things seemed to be getting hopelessly boxed when a gentleman by a large dieplav of energy and strong language induced the officiais to move more briskly than wa« their wont. When the trouble was over he tnrned to the clerical gentleman with an arology for the quality of his language. "Sir," was the reply, " there are occasions when the services of a layman are absolutely Indispensable," 