TELEGRAMS. TASMANIA. HOBART. FEBRUARY 10. An inquest was held to-day on the body of Julia King, who was found drownod in the river on Thursdav. The evidence went to show that deceased was 23 years of age, and on the afternoon of her death was in her usual spirits, and weut out to make some purchases for her mistress, Mrs George Crisp, but never returned home. She was last seen about 5 o'clock, but nothing further could be traced of her movements up to the time her body was found in the watermen's dock by two seamen from ll.M.S. Swinger. The medical evidence was to the o fleet that the body was in the water about 20 minutes before being discovered, and -aim -thgit deceased was enciente. Thore was ho evidence to prove how she got into the water, and an open verdict- was' returned. Her parents live at St. Mary's, and rumor states that her condition preyed on the unfor tunate girl's mind. The 'Court-house in Macquarie-street seems to be haunted, not by a ghost, but by a most unbeatable odor, which seems to rise periodically, to tho great inconvenience of their Honors the Judges. The Minister of Lands has been applied to, but cannot solve the problem. To-day it became so bad that Mr Jnsticc Dodds said if it was not remedied he would adjourn the Court. Mr Justice Dodds has made au order directing the curator of intestate estates to administer to the real and personal estate of Patrick Glenning, late of Nugent, near Sorell, farmer. Tho Solicitor-General, in tho Supremo Court to- day, referred to tlie death of Mr J. A. Jackson, paying a high tri bute to his professional abilities, and expressing the sympathy of the mem bers of tho bar with his bereaved family. His Honor Mr Justice Dodds also expressed regret at the untimely end of one who had held a high social position among professional meu, and joined in the expressions of s}rmpathy tendered. Tho following tenders have been accepted : — -Repairs to State school buildings, Campbell Town, J. Jenkins, £25 10s; repairs to Wattle Grove school, Arthur Blackmore, £37 15s. At tho request of a number of resi dents of Now Norfolk the Minister of Lands)has approved of trains on the Dei weut line taking up and putting down passengers at the signal stations below tho Derbyshire Rocks, and the geueral manager has been instructed to proceed with the erection of the necessary plat form. Tho finance committee of the hospital are complaining of the high cost of provisioning the hospital, and contend that tenders should he submitted to them before acceptance. The item of butter is quoted at Is 7d this year, as against Is Id last year, aud it was stated that the Launceston hospital was provisioned at a much cheaper rate per head. The Marino Board have granted tho Corporation permission to erect a sanitary jetty, subject to tho usual reservation*. Mr Riddle, the harbor master, has tabled his report of inspection of the various lighthouses, and it disproves Captain Miles' statement, that Mr Meech has instituted a system of ter- rorism. Captain Miles has also tabled a report, but it is so lengthy that a fort- night has been granted to enable the wardens to master it. ' His Natural Life' drew splendid houses ou both evenings of its produc tion here, and tbe audience were ns enthusiastic as the rather oppressive atmosphere of the theatre would let I them be. The scenery of the play is ! excellent. Although some of those to whom the places represented are fami [ liar are apt to be n little hypercritical, vet there was very little for oven them to find fault with. Mr J^sitcb as the Rev. G. Meekin was in his element, and kept the audience thoroughly amused, while Mr Ireland as Rufus Dawes played a ditlimlt part like an artist as ho' is. Miss Dnonvyn as Sarah Purfoy had a touch of tho tragedy fever on, and would improve the character if it were not alwavs so prominent; and Miss Lewis as Sylvia made a charming representative. The othor characters were well filled. Tho switchback railway is increasing in popularity and doing a good ' biz,' the cars being crowded with venture some occupauts who seem to enjoy the novel ride. The members of the hospital staff have been in the habit of taking leave l a la Francaisi, -and 'the 'board 'have issued instructions that in future they must receive permission from -the chair I man or members before absenting them selves. Dr. Bright^ says the leave granted in some cases is extravagant. The question of church property , being exempt from th cooperation of ihe ' Assessment Act has been again raised by the -solicitors for the Ghtiich of Engl&nd.; ahd Mr 'justice I) odds hasJ proniisea to consider the matter, and if he fouhd the Court had .power in the , matter, to fix a time for hearing in Chambers. The question of drainage in tho rising suburb of Newtown Occupied the attention of the Local Board of Health at their last meeting. It was pointed out that the board had really very little power to do any permanent -good, and the increasing population necessitated the initiation of a system of drainage. After some discussion it was decided that a deputation lay the matter before Ministers, ahd seek advice and assis tance. * '' ' ' ' J Mr.Saville Kent hiu^ concluded his Engagement with ' the Tasmanian Government, -,and left 'for Brisbane, where he will make an investigation of the pearl fisheries for the Queensland Government with a View of their further development in the future. . A meeting was held in tho Exchange Rooms last . evening, .having for its object the formation of a company to carry on tho business of -J. Cook^and Oo., ' tanners, Glenorchy. Mr *Cook addressed the meeting, and gave a resume of the affairs of the firm, stating that it was not from lack of capital, but from a desire to extend operations^ that the proposal was made to turn the afloiir into a company, and also to work it under the co-operative system by making those who did business with them participate in the profits. There were 12,000 shares to allot out of a total of 20,000 at £1 each, and the number was more than taken up in the room without the public being appealed to. Messrs. W. B!ay, J. Cook, F. W. Piesse, and W. Stevenson wore ap pointed a committee, and E. Jacobs secretary pro lem. 