A USTRALIAN AND NEW ZEALANii UNDERWRITERS' ASSOCIATION. Frosi Our Correspondent. . LONDON, 15th February. . Amongst "annual features" the dinner of tho Australian and Now Zealand Underwriters' Association occupies a recognised place. R camo off this-yoav at tho Albion Tavern, under tlie jirosidoncy of Mr. H. .T. Bristow, tho follow- rag comjmiiics being represented Australian General Assurance Comjiany, Australian Alli ance Assurance .C'omjiaiiy, Colonial Mutual Firo and Marino Insurance Company, Cornwall In surance Company of Launoeston, Derwcnt nnd Tainar Insurance Company, Equitable Insur. anco Association' of New Zealand, Mercan tile Marino and Firo Insuranco Comjiany oi South Australia, National Fire and Marino Iu. suriinoo Company of Now Zealand, Now Zca- land Insurance Company, North Queensland In surance Company Limited, Pacific Insurance Comjiany of Sydnoy, South Australian Insuranco Company Limited, South British Firo and Marino Insurance Comjiany of New Zealand Southern Insurance Comjiany Limited, Stan dard Fire and Marine Insuranco Company of Now Zealand, Union Fire and Marino Insurance Company of New Zealand, United Insurance Comjiany and tho Victoria Insurance Company Limited. Amongst tho ghosts also woro the Agents-General for South Australia, Now Soutb AYalcs, Now Zealand and Queensland, Sir Arthur Blyth responding for the visitors, and Sir Saul Samuel proposing tho health of tho pre sident. In proposing the former toast, Mr. Doscat dwolt on the general ignorance which jirovailed with regard to the colonics, and which, lio thought, the Agents-General aud other compotcnt authorities might do some thing to dissijiato. Th'o chairman, in proposing Prosperity to tlio Association, mentioned, amongst other things of their solieitudo : — First, the jiroper manning of stcamors esjicci. ally, but of steamers and sailing vessels bound to tho Australian colonics. This is a matter in which wo cau novor relax our vigilant supervi- sion. AYe aro confronted .with statements that in these days of steam .appliances fower deck imnds aro needed, but steam appliances, thou"h good, won't koop a sharp look- out in narrow -waters on dirty nights, and our constant atten tion has to be directed to this most imjiortant .question- of vessels carrying a sufficiency of proper deck linnds. Take, again, the veutila- tion of - vessels and the stowage of their cargoes in tho colonies, so that mer chandise that has tlio inherent vice of swenting and damaging other cargo shall be so stowed aud so ventilated that tlio evil may be minimised. Our surveyor, Cnjitain AYngstaff, has mado this question his constant study, and our continued work in this direction is bearing fruit ; but tlie more wo do the more remains to bo accomplished. It is necessary now to get the ' Dock Company and tlio brokers more carefully to distinguish between damago by sea water and damage from other causes, so that underwriters shall not lio longer subject to claims arising from ' careless stowage or improper ventilation. It is a vory largo and very difficult question, but it is one that commands more than ordinary vigilance on that account. Some would hardly think that such a matter as thu ballast taken on board tlio vessels bringing homo wool need trouble us, nnd yet tlie subject during tlio jiast year cost us a .lot of valuable time. Arcssols, to save them selves expense,- have taken sand, tho moisture from whioh, caused by tho heat of the hold, has damaged the wool, and heavy claims havo been jiaid by tho unlmppy underwriter, whereas an ' extra amount of dunnage, separating tlio wool from tho sand, would havo saved all dis putes anil friction 011 this head. Another matter is under, consideration, which tho association lias takcii up, because, though of the greatest imjiortanco to life and jiroperty at sea, yet nobody clso can I10 found who will deal with it. In April, 1S87, tlie Trinity Board issued a notice that, in the coming October, the light 011 St. Catherine's Point, Islo of AVight, which is one of the most important lights in our Channel, would ho altered— changed from oil to one of electricity. The captain of the Bcreari, a most careful ship master; read tlio notice, ami, knowing that he should lie returning to this country from Australia, to whioh jilnco he was bound, some few months after the altera tion of tho light, noted iu hi3 chart that 011 such a cloy tho light 011 St. Catherine's Point would bo changed from oil to olectricity. Some two months before tho dato for carrying out tlio oliango arrived the Trinity Board found tlir.t tho machinery could not be got ready in time, or something of thnt sort, and therefore issuid a notice stating that tho change would not tako place till a later period, say till the sjiriug nt 1888\. This was ail right enough for captain at home, who could read this notice of post poned alteration; but what of the cautnia of tho Bercan, who was about to sai? from Australia, ' and who had, like a good seaman and careful man, noted tho intended change ? Thore was no ono to tell "him of the postponement. To mako a long story short, tlio Bercan arrived, in tlie Channel in dirty weather. St. Catherine's was tho first laud made— if was night. " Tlio o'aptaiii looked for tho light as lie expeotcd to fiml it, and not so discovering it was unablo to make out his posi tion, and for hours the ship 'was in jcojiardy of being lost ' with all hands and her valu- ablo cargo. AYo at once took the matter uji, addressed the Board of Trade, the Colonial Office, and tho Trinity Board, and asked that when such alterations or arrangements took jilaco tho samo might bo telegraphed to our colonies. No one would assume tlie duty. All the assistance wo could get was the. promise that a notice of all alterations of lights should bo sent to ns for us to deal with as wo deemed wise. AYe then wrote to tho Melbourne Association and asked them, if wo evei telegraphed to tlicm at our expense such altera tions as took place in tho mattor of the St. Catherine's Light, thoy would disseminate the information throughout tho colony. At'e await their rejily, aud meautimo we enjoy tlie satisfaction ot feeling that wo have done and art doing oil wo can. The matter of jioying all dejiosits collected under general average to trust funds engages our. most persevering uttontion. So far us our own trades are concerned,. tiiii practice is now nlmost universally adojited, and we shall continue our efforts in every case thai may arise. 