CRUMBS. A headless Ministry. A young dipsomaniac. Disappointed jumpers. Bad mannered lawyers. Ogilvie too confidential. Flaying with Parliament. G.O.M. still on the stamp. Degrading the sacred office. I Christmas cards now ready. . 1 Eating tne leek, eb, Doctor. Claim jumpers baffled again. Quorn likes a Lord for a Mayor. A circle of friends and parasites. New Alma, fortnight's run, 265 oz. Broken Hill, week's run, 192,579 oz. Narrow esoapo of Prince Albert Victor. " Argus" again defending Jaok Sparrow. The very biggeBt return from Broken Hill so far. They decline to pay Gs, a day to proba tioners. Things will soon be merry again at Mount Ogilvie. More tyranny by the Trades and Labonr Council. The Beltana "prospeotor" adding to his reputation. Even Sir Edwin is getting wroth at Minis terial "fooling." Bristol dockers are determined to put a set on foreigners. Legislative Council gaspipes rusty—like some other people. ■ • »ld f Another gold find. This time at Eden, New South Wales. No Chance work about that Co-operative Society of Gardeners. Will Mr, Solomon. M.P., justify Maynard's conduct on that goldfield 1 British oolliers demand a 10 per cent, ad vance in wages on January 1, Is it safe to leave the colony in charge cf Cockbnrn & Co. during recess ? The Natives have secured Jack Cresswell to run the Show on January 27. Trades and Labour Council censured their President for aoting as a citizen. . . Bead what may happen to a new chum with money in Sunny Australia. British colliers want a 10 per cent, advance to begin the new year well with. What a pity members cannot be seat to the school* they talk so glibly about. Admiral Fairfax treats South Australian defences as if an worthy of notice. The wool market Is rising so rspidly that it may be lost altogether to view. Mr. Solomon, M.P., wouldn't willingly "jump" a poor miner's possession, surely. Are manly independent officers appreciated by the Powers that be in the Dsfenoe Force 7 Tories are going in for cheap land, free education, good bouses, and easy emigration. Bona-fide labourers on goldfields need protection from ''enterprising" adventurers. Fancy, Maynard claiming the Government reward for discovering the Ogilvie goldfields. Parson Fletcher thinking about a trip home, and another look at India on his way baok. Maynard was not seen on the field after clandestinely pegging out those olaims. Knew better. Edward Plantagenet, Earl of Warwick, lost his heed November 28, 1499. Alas, poor Warwick. Will swallow anything or submit to any indignity so long as office is retained during the recess. The Governor at Melbourne and the Countess at Linden, honoured St, Andrew on Saturday. Window-smashing or the destruction of any valuable property eeems to suit some "drunks." That the moon is peopled is abundantly proved, for Mr. Todd has seen the changing " craters." Just fancy, a prisoner being liable to 3,000 years imprisonment—300 forgeries at ten years' each! Mr. Ward wh severe upon that" rag." the Express, whloh published "rubbish" about Parliament. It ia not true that the wharfingers are to be asked to find the meals as well aa pay the n en to eat them. Hon. J. H. Angaa promises £500 a year for five years to London Missionary Society (Adelaide branch). It ia easy to take a trip to the old country if yon have a few Broken Hill ahares of the right sort, eh Roby? A confidential appointment in aoityhonse of business filled by an able and respectable j man at 6s. 8d. a day. Mining speculation, when anooeasfnl. in duces even parsons to forego the pleasure of preaching for a time. Scotch officers of the Defence Foree ganging their sin gate ; there's a hantle o' difference 'twixt hame and here. Leaving 12 children, 50 grandchildren, and 31 great-grandchildren—that's what a colo nist of do years has left. Those mounted constables should ksep their feet parallel and nse their ancles when riding through the city. Mr. Playford said when Treasurer that if he was allowed the lioenoe-fees he wonld let Corporations have 25 per cent. When the Ministry ban score a trifling point, what joy there Is in the Cabinet; yon see it is so rare to do anything well. Tom's latest goak—He thought the antique furniture in Government House would ba the more prized by aolons of old families. Robert Bloomfield, the poet who sang so j sweetly of " The Farmer's Boy," was born at fionington, in Suffolk, December 3,1766. Way Lee says he ia a baohelor in South Australia. A married man can hardly put geographical limits npon his obligations. The Trades Union Congress at Dundee ] recently adopted a proposal in favour of the appointment of women to faotory inspector ship. The old saying that "promises like pie-1 crust are easily broken" is not strictly trua, as applied to the average boarding-house pie crust. The Ministry is like the woman who lost her piece of silver, being in great distress that it cannot find in the House any trace of its policy. Rising colonial generation will have their own " pride of raoe," and it won't be English, Irish, Scotch, French, German, Italian, Nor wegian, or Spaniah. An old Tennessee man took his first ride "on a railroad lately, and was bo mnoh excited over it that soon after the train started he fell dead in his seat. The elephant is sharing the fate of the buffalo, and it is predioted that twenty years ' hence there will not be a wild elephant on I the face of the globe. A woman of 97 in Massachusetts olaims she has smoked tobacco for half a century, her average consumpt on of the weed being | twelve pipesfnl a day. Of American lecturers Mark Twain is the most sought after, and the least willing. He pays Major Pond 100 dollars a year for writ- j ing " No" to invitations. A London finanoial paper tells its readers that the KangarlUa ia " one of the younger silver mines on the Barrier Ranges belonging to the Broken Hill group." At Linden when the sun was low. All blosdleiB ley the untrodden anew. But this ia the Hay season, and a garden party gathers at Linden now. Unhappy coincidence that the contraat for the new operating theatre at the Hospital and the getting into order oi the new Ceme tery should be in hand together. November 30 was the birthdav of that | Lilliputian mortal, now knownas Dean Swilt, who made his entranoe- upon the stage of I mortality at Dnblin in the year 1667. A member of Parliament is too cute to j aaorifloe £200 a year for a petty contrast; if it were a large ooe, he might turn his busi ness into a limited liability Company. There is a stream near Tocson, Arizona, whloh petrifies every snbstanoe put into it, A biscuit dropped into the crystal water turned to stone within a f6W minutes. It is calculated that 60,000 gallons of wloe are drunk at the oommnnion-tables of the various religions bodies in America every year. All the wine contains alooboL Fernanda Cortes, or Hermando Cortes, or Harmando Cortez, or Fermando Cortez, or Herman Cortes, or Herman Cortez, the oon- j queror oi Mexico, died December 2,1551. An electrio spark has jnBt been photo graphed by means of a speolal camera, in whieh the sensitive plate rotated at, it is said, a velocity of 2,500 revolutions per < minute. Is Way Lee a married man when in China? Happy Way Lee, How glad he mutt be; No wifee, no fam'ler, Nomatrlmonee. Sir Philip Sidney, the famons poet, soldier, traveller, diplomatist, and oonrtier, was born November 29, 1554, at Penshurst. He was the son of Sir Henry Sidney;, a statesman of considerable talent for a sixteenth century man. I Eleanor of Castile, Queen Consort of Edward of England, died, November 29, 1290\. This is the lady who saved Edward's life by Bucking the poison from a wound he had received from a would-be assassin. She was the daughter of Ferdinand 111,, King of Castile. The Battle of Narva, in which Peter the Great received such a tremendous thrashing, came off, November 30, 1700. The Russians, commanded by Peter, numbered 60,000 ; but I the Swedes, under Charles XII., though only 3.000 strong, mowed them down like grass. Fire years later, however, Narva was re taken by the Czar. No wonder.Oliver Goldsmith was such a vigorous writir, for he was born in the County of Longford, Ireland, November 29, 1728. If this little event had not happened we should never have had the opportunity of making the acquaintance of that dear old soul the Vicar of Wakefield. James II. of England, alarmed at the ] approach of his son-in-law, William, Prince of Orange, deserted by most of the nobility | on account of his zeal for the Catholic re ligion, his despotic temper, and his habitual intemperance, abdicated the throne Deoember ] 3,1688, and withdrew to France. On Deoember 2,1804, all Paris went oranky j with enthuriasm. It was the day of the coronation of Napoleon and Josephine. Pope ( Pius VII assisted at the ceremony, but you know the pions monarch plaoed the orowns npon bis own nob, and npon that of his con sort whose first hnsband lost his head beneath" the guillotine. Didn't that old welkin ring with the ahonta of vive 1' Emperenr that night. Few ladies have personally realized what is meant by "fortnne'a frolics" mors tho roughly thanFranoeeD'Aublgue, Marahionesa de Maintenon. She was born in a prison November 27, 1635. On the death of her father in 1646 she was left with her mother in extreme proverty, but after experiencing many vicissitudes she rose to share the throne of France witn Louis XIV., to whom she was secretly married. Clovis L, the founder of the FrenoH monarchy, gave np the ghost November 39, 511, having then lived 46 yeara and reigned SO yean. At the solicitation of hie wife Clotilda he embraced Christianity and was baptized at Rheims. Bat he was none the worse for that, for though he. sallied the successes of his reign by assassinating several chiefs whose ambition he feared, he was "a man of war from his youth." Gerard Mercator died, Deoember 9, 1594, aged 82. He was the first geographer who represented the meridians by equi distant parallel lines, and the paral lels of longitude by lines at right angles therewith. Henoe the name of "Meroator's Srejection" given to maps so oonstraoted. 'o yon know, gentle reader, that it Is Impos sible to draw a map of any eonntry to any scale without distortion ? Fact It was a Scotchwoman who arid that the butcher of her town only killed half a beast at a time. It was a Dutchman who eaid that aplg had no msrka on its ears ezoept a short tail. It was a British magistrate who, being told by a vagabond that he was net married, responded—" That'e a good thing for your wile." It was an American lea hirer who solemnly eaid one evening—" Parents, you may have children; or, ii not your daughters may have." The revolution in Poland, whioh ended so disastrously to the oppressed oountry, began with an insurrection at Warsaw November 29, 1830. Quotb Campbell, the poet who sang ao charmingly oi "The Pleasures of Hope" " Bark I aa the smouldering piles with thunder fall, A thousand shrieks for hopeless mercy call 1 Karth shook 1 red meteors gashed along the eky t And conscious Nature shuddered at the cry." That greatest of modern soulptors, John Flaxman, died Deoember 3, 1826, Med 71. He studied at Borne seven years, and while there exeouted a splendid group of four figures larger than life entitled " The Fary of Athamas," from Ovld'e Metamorphoses. For thie gnat work of art he received from the Earl of Bristol the paltry sum of £600; not enough to pay the bare ooBt. Returning to England he exeouted a large number of fine works, including the monument for Lord Mansfield in Westminster Abbey, for whioh he received £2,609. Chronologists fix the date of the death of that elegant classic poet floraoeon Novem ber 27, b.o. 9. His " odes" have been trans lated into every language of Europe, and some of the most eminent of modern posts have experienced peculiar delight in pro ducing revisions of those charming produc tions of the Augnetine age. By-the-by talking of Augustus, that monarch offered florac9 considerable advancement, wbiob be deolined, preferring the fascination of rural •implioity at hie eabine villa to the dazzling splendours of the Court. St. Franois Xavier died Deoember 2,1552, aged 46. He was bom at Navarre, was a descendant of a noble family, joined the famous Ignatius Loyola, fonnder of the Society of Jesuits, set out as a missionary to the Portuguese Colonies in Asia, made many thousand converts, proceeded! to Ceylon, converted the native king of that island, laboured over two years among the Japs, and gave up the ghost near Maoao on his way to China. " He baptised more than a million converts"—most be taken cum grano salts. Only fancy—100 per day for more than 27 yeara. The illustrious lady from whom oar metro polis derived its name, died, Deoember 2, forty years ago. Adelaide Amelia Louise Teresa Caroline, Qneen Dowager of Great Britain and Ireland, was the daughter of George, Duke of Saxe-Cobnrg Meiningen, and of Louisa, daughter of Christian Albert, Prince of Hobenlobe Langenborg. She wae born in 1792, and was married to William IV., then Duke of Clarence, July 11, 18V8. wbom she survived twenty-four years. Her numberless acts of pnblio and private benevo lence, as well as hsr constant practice of the Christian graces, endeared hertoallolasies of the community. A high sohool girl being told to parse the sentence " He kissed me," consented relnot antly, because opposed to speaking of private affairs in public, " He" she oommenoed with unnecessary emphasis, and a fond lingering over the word that brought crimson to her cheeks, "is a pronoun, third person, singular number, mescaline gender; a gentleman pretty well fixed; universally considered a good catcti. Boss is a verb, transitive—too much so; regular—every evening; indicative mood—indicating affection; first and third persons, plural number, and governed by circumstances. Me—oh, everybody knows me," And down she went, The French, nnder General Moreao, in flicted npon the Anstriana a tremendous caitfgation at the Battle of Hohenlinden, December 3, 1800. This little Bavarian village of about 250 inhabitants all told soon became known throughout Europe by that event. And you know Campbell's famous poem still farther commemorated that clash of arms:— " On Linden, when the sun was low. All bloodless lav the untrodden en jw. And dark as winter was the flow Oi Iter, rolling rapidly. But Linden showed another sight When the drum beat at dead of night— Commanding flres of death to light The darkness of her scenery," Ac. Who has not heard of Cardinal Richelieu, the famous French eoolesiastio, courtier, and statesman ? And who oan tell ns bow many French romanciers have plaoed him in the foreground of their word paintings? That biographer saysHe humbled the honse of Austria, at that period the greatest Power in Europe; he overcame all opposition, broke down the power of the arhrtooraoy, made even the King (Louis XIII.), who feared hia greatness, subordinate to his stronger wiH, and for eighteen years governed Franca with absolute power." Well, on December 4,1642, His Excellenoy made his final exit at the age of 57. Nay, gentle reader, do not wonder. Though statesmen seem the sons of thunder. And stint like demi gods to-day, To-morrow comes, ah! sad reverse, The pallid sfarond, the pompons hearse, Proclaim them sons of clay. 