I TALES AND SKETCHES. X Spiritualistic Munlfestatlou. His Excoilonoy tho Earl of Stable more, Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, was in 6 desperate rage. Tho Castlo season was not yot half throngb, and tho number of Booial blunders committed by tho officials of tho vice-Regal household bad al ready passed its usual avorago. Not alone that ; those blunders had become public property, and been made tho subject of indignant articles and lottors in tho local journals. On that morning, tho Castlo had boon mado livoly with a scono in tho office of Oolonel Desmond, who was responsible for tho issuo of tho invitations to balls, &o.; No lesB a person than Hardrcss MacDermot, Esq., High Shoriffof the Oonnty Dublin, had boon griovously insulted, a card of invitation for a forthcoming dance having boon sont from tho Castlo, addressed to Mrs. Hardress MacDormot, who had boon in her grave over eightceon months. No wonder tho footings of tho widowor wore outraged. All licr lifo long it had been tho ambition of tbo poor lady to reooivo an invitation to a email and select Castlo danco ; an ambition only now at length fulfilled when circum stances no longor allowed hor to avail herself of it. Tho fuss mado oyer tho affair by the irate MaoDcrmot reaching his Excellency's ears, tho Private special apologies and explanations, whilst tho Viceroy's wrath was freely vented boforo tho Aidcs-doCamp. " Can none of you follows give Des mond a loBBon ?" ho appealed to thorn. " He goos from bod to worse. I wish to hoaven you could think of something to Btop bis blundering ; bo is destroying my chances of popularity. This last blander is outrageous, and, of course, it has been Beizcd upon and exaggerated by tbo nowspopors. Just read tho artiolo in the Morning Mocher on ' Showering Castlo Invitations broad cast into tho Ccmotorios. For heaven's Boko do something 1 I'm sick of d g him j it does no good." His Excellency turned abruptly away with tboso angry words, leaving his listeners, Major Fossylo, Captains Spicea, Twomlow, and Lord Blarooy, to hold council on thom. Lord Stnblo- moro was much moro popular with tbo staff than Colonel Desmond. Its mombors wore, thoroforo, quilo ready to givo the Colonel a losson, if only they could doviBo ono. Bnt it is a long way from tho will to tho deed, iu tho case of administering correction to a hardoncd and habitual offender. They racked their brains for half on hour, and parted thoir brows still troublod and porplcxod. All but Lord Blarnoy's. And who had ovor soon tho fair, choruby faco of that young nobleman without his bland, becoming aintlo? That smilo which added so much to his popularity in socioty, woro tho scrapes and mischief his Irish blood led him into gavo him much lightand loading. Evon tho grave blunder of Desmond and thn troubles and wrath of tbo Viceroy could not dim its glory, nor tho touch of pcnBivouoss in his candid bluo uyos. As. a gonoral rulo, Lord Stablomoro had oxprossod hitnsolf justly— though, of courao, too forcibly — in saying that it did no crood to d — .n Ttecmnnd Nearly half a contury of official lifo had inured and mado him quito impervious to the process. Desmond was ono of oldest institutions at Dublin Castle, wbioh is saying a good deal for tho antiquity of his standing, oldor oven than Fossylo. Liko a stout old oak, ho bad struok fast root in tho Castlo- yard, and weathorod all Vicorogal changes, oaoh now dynasty finding him as it left htm, firmly rootod in tho soil. Bland, pompous, fussy, gallant, and gossipy, ho was a typical courtier, with a practised oyo for beanty and a firm boliof iu tho roll of procodonco. In ono fchingj bowovor, his fidelity to tho conrtior typo failed ; ho had a hobby. But all mon, whother attachod to Royal or Vicoregal Courts, havo thoir weak ness. Tho Colonel was a spiritualist. His viows, originally acquired in corroct fashion from a Vicoroy of spiritualistic tondoncic9, had taken suoh hold of him, that, unliko his political opinions, thoy had not changed with thochaugo of Go vernment. On tho contrary, thoy had RtrflnirthflnAfl vilk Qnt.iikiRl.am is not a brisk business in Dublin ; liko any other it fluctuntos, bowovor, and 1ms an occasional good timo. "nob a ono it had exparioncod nt tho beginning of tho yonr, just boforo tho Onstlo season. Desmond had assisted at several most satisfactory Bcancos. Mnrvols had boon worked ; spirits callod in various ways to manifest tkomsclvos had in various ways responded to tho calls ; Billy answers had boon returned by mysterious voicos to silly questions j unseen hands had poked and pulled at Desmond, and thrust earthly ilowors into his hands. Never had he folt uo advanced nor on such intimata terms with tho domzntiB of tho spirit-world ; in fact, ho was beginning to nourish tho hope encou raged by tho great Professor von Hombog that ho might himsolf become a " medium " somo day and havo powor to call up spirits. Dad his Excoilonoy bcon more observant in hiB wrath, during tho privnto interview with which Doemond was honoured, on tho subject of tho nn- fortunato invitation to tho departed Jlrs. MacDormot, ho would , havo noticod that his words woro taking unusual and remarkable effect. For tho first timo in Desmonds oilicinl lifo a blonder had struck home ; tho neglect of hiB duties had recoiled on him. To bo responsible for an insnlt to Mrs. MacDormot, in floBh, would havo beon nothing ; it was quito otherwise with tho poor lady iranslatcd into the sphere of spirits, and ust at tho criticnl moment whon Desmond's ambitions were centred therein. Tho invitation was decidedly an adverse stroko of fato. What atonoiuont oould bo mado ? Unfortunately, it wns a vory slack weok in tbo spiritualistic world in Dublin; there was no avnilnblo medium to oonvoy an apology. Tho idea of running ovor to London to consult Yon Hombog could not bo ontcrtaincd uj ouvu uu tiuuiMUbuiuumi us LflJtllllUIIU at such a timo. Lord Blarnoy wns going thoro in a few days ; might not a message bo convoyed through him to tho Professor? This idea, too, was untcnablo; it would produce nothing bnt chaff. Tho Colonol's hobby was an unfailing eourco of ridicule at tho Castlo, ono around which, indeed, the wit of tho staff was in constant scintilla tion. In fact, " drawing " tlio Colonel on the subject was a favourito pagtimo of tho Aidoa-dc-Catnp'6 room, tho warmth and obstinacy with which ho invariably defended his peculiar viows giving it great attractions. Lord Blarnov. suddonlv called to London on the day boforo tho ball, accordingly loft without boing tho boaror of any mossago. Desmond's mind bad calmed down during the weok ; ho had reassured himsolr that such a slight mistako could havo no important consequences. Evory ono scorned to havo forgotten it. Siuco tho day of his Excellenoy's outbreak, thoro bad not bcon tbo slightest allusion mado to it at tho Castlo, It was best, then, that Desmond should forgot it too. On tho nigbt of tbo ball bo was quito himself again. Thoro was a groat deal to distract his attention ; no moro select danco had ovor beon givon at Dublin Castlo. Most of tlio guests woro personal friends of thoir Excollen- eics. After tho issuo of that one un lucky card, Lady Stablomoro horsolf had supervised tho invitations. Tho Bpiritnnlist was complotoly morgedin tho official whilst Desmond performed his duties— much akin to thoso of n butler in tho best families— with his usual fdBsy zeal and pomposity. At intorvals whon off daty, ho sauntered about the rooms in tho most approvod courtly fashion, chatting with the prottiest women and most important mon, watching tbo dancing in tho Throne- room or tho flirtations in tho Fictuio Gallory and Long Drawing room. In tho latter, on ono of his rounds, early in tho ovoning, ho became awuro of a solitary lady seated at tho end of tho room, which was deserted, savo by a few absorbed couples scattered hero and thoro in closo proximity to screens and curtains. Hor isolated position near tho door attracted his attention, as did something in hor nttitudo suggestive of waiting. "An assignation! By Jovol it must bo inquired into ! Delightful 1" Qo chuckled with delightat tho thought of discovering a bit of gossip for tho smoking-room. Tho lady was unro- cognisnblc, sho sat so far back in tho shadow of a pillar ; sho drew still further into it at Desmond's approach, and, whether by design or accidont, raised her fau until it completely con cealed her faco. Tho Colouol was nonplussed. " Who tho deuco is sho ? Sho doosn't want to bo recognised. A mystery I Dolioiously interesting I How is it I don't kuow tbo figure or dress ?" Tho latter was somewhat romnrkablo in its dead blackness ; standing out from it her arms ond shoulders, evon in tho shade, had a dazzling, unnatural whiteness. Tbo odgo of Desmond's curiosity grow dosporately sharp. To toilet, tho possessor of thoso dazzling!/ fair arms ! Booing Fossylo at tho top of tbo room, ho hurried up to him. " Como along, old follow." Ho slipped through Fossylo's. "Thoro is 8omothing most interesting to bo invostigatod bore." " What is it ?" inquired Fossylo, allowing bimsolf to bo led down tho room. " Hush, not so loud 1 A mysterious fair ono I" " Where ?" " Bobind tho pillar noar tbo door. Do you know her? Who is sho? Tako caro, don't lot hor seo us. Don't alarm tho nrotty dear." Fossylo lookod sharply from ono pillar to another. " I soo no ono." " In tho shadow of tho far pillar ?" " Not a soul. Aro you dreaming Desmond ?" " By Jovo," cried tho Colonel. " Havo I let hor oscapo ? i cannot seo hor mysolf. Sho did not pass ns in tho room— sho must havo slippod out through tho door." In much disappointment and excite ment ho hastily rusliod to tho exit, and lookod up and down tbo corridor. Not a sigQ or vostigo of any ono was to bo soen. Fossylo, slowly following, wos utterly incrodulua. Tho grapbio des cription of tho black dross and wbito arms failed to eonvinco him. " Ladies, howover ethorcal, don't vanish into spneo. I know you to bo temperate, Desmond, or I should have uiy suspicions." " My dear fellow," said tho Colonol, testily, " 1 don't go in for suoh poor jokes. Tho woman wns thoro a minute ago, just as I described. Indeod, sho scorned to make a signal with her fan aB wo turned." " To you ?" " Woll — yes. It did look liko it." " Ha 1 ha 1 " laughod Fossylo. " I soo it all now; Sho was a spirit. Yon aro such a dog with spirits, you know. I won't spoil sport any longor. Fare well." Fossylo's ill- timed josting gavo Desmond n shock, bringing as it did, a suddon influx of unploasant momorios to mind. His blissful oblivion vanished, and a vague disquietude ontorod his soul. His light-hearted, gallant interest in tho unknown lady changed into a dcopor and moro anxions feeling. For sotno timo ho disappeared from tho rooms. High or low, uowovor, ho failed to trnco hor. No carriage hod boon called as yot ; no guest had loft tho Oastlo. Tho servants know nothing of hor. It was with a somowhat distracted mind that ho fulfilled bis dutios at suppor- timc. When bo had marshalled thojr .ExcellonciQ8 and tlio Vicorogal parly into tho supper-room, and taken up his place as sontry outside, both thought and caro to an unwonted extont woro stamped upon bis brow. Opposito to biro, at tbo ond of tho Picturo Gallory, was tho dau- oing-room door ; not far from it, at tho aido, was ono loading into St. Patrick's Hall. Desmond's wandor- ing gazo was suddonly rivotod on tho latter ; a sharp exclamation broke from him. Ho could havo sworn that ho had with his own hnnd lockod that door at tho beginning of tho ovoning. Now lio saw it slowly oponod, nnd a figuro ap peared— tho black lady of tho Long Drawing-room ! Evon in tho distance thoro was no mistaking tho peculiar dress, wliito arms, aud long Fan. And again ! Somotbing vory liko a ehuddor passod ovor Desmond. How on earth ind sho not into St. Patrick's Hall? With a quick catching of tho breath ho watched her curious, gliding stop aoross tho room. Iu tho middio sho pnnBod and turned slowly round. Tho fan no longor concealod hor faoo. Liko her nock aud arms, it, too, was strangely white. Was sho looking at him ? His discomfort turnod to something dcopor. At this fatoful moment Captain Spicor appeared upon tho Bcono. Coming from tho dancing-room, ho saunterod towards tho lady. An instant of intonso oxcitemont for Desmond. What would Spicor do? Would ho notico hor ? Did ho know her ? lnanK lieavons r tno exclamation nearly broko from Desmond ; the inten sity of lils rollof elmmcd him. " Pooh, Pooh ! what a fool I was ! A friend of Spicer's — an intimato ouo, too !" Tho latter observation was called forth by Spicer's manner. Ho had apparently not said a word to tho lady ; at his ap . proacb, bowovor, eho had turned round and takou his arm. Thoy woro not .spooking now as thoy camo up tho room, nor had Spicor oven onco lookod to wards his companion. Desmond, how- over, was gazing intently at hor. Ho found, to bis surpriso, on her coming near onough for him to form a judgment that sho was not young, nor by any means boautifal. Sho wos a palo, elderly woman, with many wrinkles and a peculiar staro— so curious, that an uncomfortable feeling again camo ovor poor Desmond on finding it steadily fixed on him. Not only did tho lady and Spicor intcrchango no word, bat not evon a slnglo glanco ; tho staring oyes novor moved from Desmond, " What in the namo of goodness does it mean ? Who is this oddity 1 I'll swoar I sont hor no cord of invitation. Tho wholo affair must bo inquired into." In tho midst of bis minglnd anxiety aud anuoyauco Desmond's attention was withdrawn from tho mystery, - Tho Viceregal party had finished supper, aud woro leaving tho room. Whon tho necessary official bowing and scraping attondnnt on this exit bad finished, Desmond at onco turned to InnL- fnr Spicor and his companion. Spicor stood close by at tho door. But alono I Tho lady was not with him. No traco of her was to bo seen. Desmond's eager oyos swept comprehensively and hurriedly from right to loft ; sho had quito disap peared. " Hullo, Spicor 1 " ho called out ; " whoro is your fair friond ? Is sho not to havo any supper V "Who? Which f" inquired Spicer. " Tlio lady who was on yonr arm just now, who walked up tho Picturo Gallory with you, not a minuto ago." Spicer oponod his oyes wide, and started at Desmond. " What's tho chaff, Colonel ? I don't andorBtond." " And I don't understand this fool ing," said tho Colonol, warmly. " Tho lady in black. You havo jast walked up tho Picturo Gallery with hor I re peat." "I walked up tho Pioture Gallory with no lady." " For Heaven's sako, stop this ham- bug." Tho Colonel wns very excited. " It has passed boing a joko." " I swear to yoii that ho lady in black, that no woman of any sort or kind, was with ine." Spicor spoko gravoly. Stroking his moustacho, ho turned a sorious glanco of soratiny on Dosmond. " I cannot mako ont what you moan, Colonol. A lady in black 1" " Is it bis lady in bleok !" inquired Fossylo, who happoned to oomo up, at thoso words. ' Ha, ha 1 That's Des mond's littlo joko this ovoning. Tried it on with mo, too. Como along to suppor, Spicor. Bring tho black lady in to sapper yourself, Desmond," Fossylo callod ont, leading Spicer away, " and introdaco us all round. Sho isovidontly your own special guest of tho ovoning," Fossylo and Spidor passed into tho suppor-room ; thoy did not soo tbo change that camo ovor Desmond's faco. a droadful chill had struck his heart, tho deadly effect of Fossylo's lost words. Terrible revolution 1 They suddenly gavo shapo to his own vaguo fears. Ho, Desmond, had a special guest this ovon ing. Ono who had como to him alono ! Spicer's strango, unconscious manner with tho black lady was terribly ac counted for. IIo had not scon hor. To Dosmond alono was sho visiblo, sho who had como at his call, who had takon tho card of invitation as a summons to manifost horsolf ! Mrs. MacDermot 1 Tho lady in black conld bo none othor I Ho had longod for spiritualistic powers, and now ho had thom. Never in his wildest dreams had ho oxpoctod nor desired manifestations boyond knocks, floating in tho air, &c.; Tho powor of calling up ghosts, visible to bis own oyeo, was far in oxceBs of any thing ho desired. It was perfectly awful to think that ho possossod it. Boforo tho horror now seizing on him, what protonco all his dabbling in tbo supernatural seemed 1 Tho lady in black 1 Mrs. MacDormot, who had bcon 18 months in horgravol Whoro was sho now? A cold shiver ran through bim. What if sho should ap pear again and find bim alono in tbo Picturo Gallory 1 A suddon panio ovorpoworod him. With ono foarful glanco around, ho rccklossly abandoned his post of duty and hurriod into tho suppor-room. At a tablo in tho middio a party of tho kouaohold wcro making merry. Tho Colonel was at onco grcotcd by a gonoral chorus : — " Como along. Hero your are, Colonol. And your black lady ?" Fossylo and Spicor had ovidontly sot this unfortunato chaff going amongst tbo party. This is your place, Desmond," said Fossylo, pointing to a chair noar him, at tka head of tho tablo. " Tbo chair opposite wo havo reserved for tho gneBb or tlio ovoning, tbo lady in black. Yon havo brought bor in, no doubt. Sho is prcBont, you know," Fossylo smilod knowingly at tho ossomblogo, " though not visible to tho oyo9 of tho uniniti ated." " May wo consider ourselves in troduced ? Let us bow to the chair." Thcso and similar remarks wont merrily round. Tho laughter and jests acted as a alight tonic on Desmond's nerves. In & littlo timo ho found himsolf ablo to force a laugh or two. " Fill up your glasses ; fill yours, Desmond I" said Fossylo. " I'll giro tbo toaBt of tho ovoning— ( The occu pant of tho vacant ohnir ! Tho invisible guost 1 Tho lady in black " " Horo's to hor health," said Des mond, with a dosporato effort at gaiety. Lifting his glass, his oyos, liko all tho others, turned to tho ond of tho table. " My G — d I" burst from bim j tho glass almost fell from bis hand ; ho started back, half-risincr from his seat. " Who has douo this ?" ho oriod. Thoro, at tho ond of tho tablo, in. tho chair whioh bad been vacant, sat the lady in black, hor staring oyos fixed on him, hor whito faco contortod into a ghastly smilo 1 "Who has doao this?" ho repoatod hoarsely. " Bravo I Bravo 1 MagniGcont 1 Ir ving outdono ! Tho ghost scono in ' Macboth ! Splendid ! camo from all sides. " Hash 1 hush !" Fossylo interposed, amidst tbo uproar. " Tho joko is going too far. Wo havo had onough, Dos mond." " uuionoi, saiu opicor irom tnootuor side, iu a low tone of expostulation, " Thoir Excellencies havo just como into tho room. "There, thoro at the ond of the tablo ! It is a trick," cried Dosmond, wildly. " You seo her !" " Old fellow, aro you mad 7" admon ished Fossylo. "Tho wholo room is looking at you." " By Jovo ! tho joko has gono far enough. It muBt be put a stop to." 8picer rose, and stooping forward in hurriod consultation with Fossylo, for a raomont shot out from Desmond's viow tho ond of tho tablo. " One of you fellows," ho called ont resuming hie seat, " tako that empty chair. Wo mast ond thiB. Their Ex- collcucics will bo furious. For heaven's sako, Dosmond, lot tho joko atop bore." "Joko I Would to hoavon's it woro ono 1" Tho wretched Desmond sank shuddering in his chair. " Oh, if tho other only know 1" Their light-hearted unconsciousness of the prosonco of tlio ghastly spectre mado it all tbo moro appalling. Des mond's oyes fearfully sought tho end of tho tablo, after thoir momentary withdrawal. A start, a stare, a smothered exclamation ! Ho rubbed his forohoad. Tho lady in black wos gone 1 In bor place tbo oimporing faco of young Twomlow alono mot bis gazo. Desmond gave a deep sigh of reliof ; ho tviriod thn rirnnn nf linrrnr frnm his brow. Thuok Heavens I thoy bail thought it a joko. Lot them chsfT ; ho would keep up appearances now. Liko Macboth artor lianquo's exit, he was a man again. " Don't you thing tlint you owo ns an explanation Fossylo inquired in a littlo timo, when tho chal) was be ginning to subsido. " Wo havo had the joko, and now for the point. Who is tho lady in black, Desmond 1" " Yob, yes, who is she ? Who is sho ?" camo tho ohorus on all sides. " Whore's your discretion ?" said Desmond, making a desperato effort at gaiety. "A man of your experionco, Fossylo, to ask suoh a question !" " I havo an inspiration. I soo tho joko," cried out Spicor, suddenly. "Sho'B Mrs. — What's-hor-nsmo, whom all tho row was abont." " 8I10 is — shs ih," Bhoutod tlio chorus. " Well dono, Spicor. Woll guessed. Mrs. Macdormot !" " Ha has wrapped her up," oriod ono. " Sho couldn't rofuso his invitstion," added another. " It was a com mand." A ghastly contortion did duty for a smilo on Desmond's faco. How awful tho unsuspecting way in which thoy touohed on tho foarful truth. Oh, if thoy could only know I Accursed tho Ambition which had led him to covot tho powor of seoing things iuvisiblo to other oyes ; thrico accursed tho hour in which ho had attained it I " So, you follows bo'o it now, at last I Hal ha!" Tho unhappy Desmond forced a laugh. " And now that tho mardor is ont, wo havo dono with hor for tho evoning," said Fossylo.- " Not till wo tosst hor again, in hor own namo," interposed Spioor. "Now, Colonol, onco again fill up." " By Jovo ! I woa't monopolise hor placo any longor. And Twomlow jumped up, laughing, and rosamod his former seat, loaving tho chair at tho ond of tho table recent again. " Now, gontlcmon, fill np," said Spicor. "To tho spirit world in gono. ral, tho black lady in particular, and our noxt merry mooting." All bowed towards tho ond of tho tablo. Desmond's teeth chattered, his trembling hand could hardly hold tho glasB. " Would that sho woro horo," ho managed to gasp ont, bowing likowiso and raising bis glass. Ho lifted his oyos ; thoro was a loud exclamation, and thon a crashing of gloss on tho floor, Tho Colonol had started to his feet, his cbatr wns violohtly pushod hack, his oyos glared wildly. Tho Lord Lioutonant and his party, and indeed ovory ono in tho room, turned ronnd to staro at tho wrotohed Dosmond. What did ho oaro 7 A frantia terror - dominated him, ahntting ont all other feeling. There at tho end of tho tablo again sat tho graosomo spootro 1 Sho had a glass in hor hand this timo, and hor oyos wore fixod on him, as she bowed in acknowledgment to tho toast. Thoir torriblo ex pression! That smilo of secret understanding and ghastly BUggostion 1 Sbo was rising ia hor obair. Good Heavens 1 was sho advancing towards him 7 A wild cry broko from Desmond, his chair was flung to tho ground ; in an instant ha had turnod round and was tearing madly through tho room, making tor tho door, uncon scious of evory ono and everything in his terror. Ha looked noithor to tho right nor to tho left, chaire woro over turned, plates and glassoa crashed from tho tables as his portly form swopt by. Novor had a moro oxtraordinnry sight boon witnessed within tho walls of Dublin Castlo, than tho oldorly official's flight from tho anppor-room. With a loua slam ot tno uoor ha disappeared from view. A simultaneous roar of laughtar burst from tho wholo room, and all oyos turned in tho samo direction, to tho middio tablo. Thoro sat tbo lady in black still ! And now visiblo, it was ovidont, to all oyos 1 Thrown back in hor chair, ns ovary ono crowded around hor, peal aftor pool of laughter came from hor lips — in tho woll-known tonoB of Lord Blarnoy I " I don't boliovo that I ovor workod a bettor practical joko," said Blarney that night in tho smoking-room, with the convinced air of a connoissonr. " You fellows backed me ap aplondidly. I'll tako my oath . His Ex. won't havo to complain again. Tho lesson will last Desmond all his lifo, ovon though hor Excoilonoy — bless thoso women's soft hoarts — inBistB on having tho seorot lot ont to him. By Jovo, I shall novor forgot his faoo I It was awfal at tho ond." Tbo losson did havo a lasting effect, Dosmond novor forgot tho oxperienoo of that ovoning. Tho fanoiod attoinmont of his spiritualistic aspirations was sIbo thoir death-blow. Ho was novor known to attend anotkor seance. 