TUB Cup meeting i» AND done with and wr " hal1 have no raoru racin K at liaplfi Farm " ntil November. ° n the włiolp. the Q T.C. made a BucceBB of this their biggest meeting ever held, the racing being good and the field» large, whilst the attendance was tremendous, On the other hand, the starting was «imply execrable, and the delays occasioned by the number of false starts on Saturday resulted in a muddle, insomuch OH that the last race, the Epsom Hmdicip, had to be postponed until Monday afternoon. This action, unavoidable as it was, created but little joy in the hearts or owners. 'Twas too dark to race, certainly, but had anything like expedition been the order oi the day we should have Been the meeting played out before nightfall. The meeting will go down to posterity as being remarkable for big dividends, boil overs, and blundering starts. Backers bad a bad time all round, ami the books must have pretty well revelled in the delights of " skinning the playful lamb." I don't suppoRfl more than one man struck the big double, whilst in the other events outsider after outsider flopped up to tlie confusion of the punter. In the Hamilton Plate there is no doubt in the world that Zamia should have won, but she was left at the post, and the unbacked Heath won all out from Kdna by a nose, Zamia a good third. The dividend of £32 odd shows how much «lie was fancicd, her owner, ] hear, not having a shilling on her. Knock No. 1 ! In the Hurdles a good few backed Beggar Boy, but many more backed The Drummer, who looked very well and all over a winner, with Quirk up. AlaB ! 'twas not to be, for in making his run at the back of the course to catch the leader, the Drummer crossed his legs on landing, and so came to grief, bringing his backers' hopes a mucker along with him. AB eight others had also fallen, Beggar Boy had nothing to do but to quietly canter home in front. Gibson, on Felix, had his ribs broken, Curry oil Dozy, his collar-bone smashed, and several others got nasty shakings. Things were beginning to look gloomy, and after the Oup was over they wore a jolly sight worse. Not favourite was in it, all compounding before the distance was reached, and Quicksilver, Lauristina, and Fairy filled the places they were least expected to. Ralston ran a fair horse, and so did Lyndhurst, whoWBB blocked all the way. Sir Anthony never showed in the race, but he certainly broke his stirrup leather. Citadel was beaten half-a-mile from home, whilst Yabba and Abacus were out of it from the start. The Selling Race should have been a good thing for Enid and First Water. The starter, however, let the field go with Wing some 150 yards in front, and so the race had to be run over again Miss Minerva, however, did not leave the post, and being fresh at the next attempt she won easily. First Water broke down badly. That Foreman could not lose the St. Leger was a fact firmly established in the little minds of backers prior to the race. That he had lost was still more deeply impressed in minds and pockets after Lady Headington had smothered him all the way round. All the " level money " and " 61 ou " went wrong, and the " 6-1 " Lady Headington led as she pleased from start to finish. Bendigo was third. The goda or devils, or whoever boBBes luck in betting, were resolved to give the public a much-needed chance in the Produce Stakes, and beyond saying that the favourite, GrandcheBter, won comfortably by two lengths, " nafi fled " on that race. Hopes beat high for the Welter favourites doing something good in the first race on the second day. Such a succession of upsets as on the Friday could not occur again. But it is always the unexpected that happens, and before we knew where we were Rosella, untliought of almost, had won by two lenghts from Tragedian and Miss Newbold. Fortunately for the Tragedian people, he had been placed on the same number as Rosella, consequently though they backed him they won on the mare. The Criterion two-year-old Handicap ended in a win for Sandy Greaves, and also in another knock for most people, for though the "divvy" was not very large, it was the stable that had all the tickets. Sandy swerved all the way from the turn, and so bored My Blue Bell off, otherwise I think she would have won. As it WBB, though certainlr second, she was not honoured with a place. K.ing Olaf was second and Stamboul third. Fairy, Quicksilver, Lyndhurst and Ralston were favourites for the Moreton Handicap, and "divil a wan" of 'em got a drum at the end of the 1 \ mile, the £32 odd Zamia beating Lionel by two lengths, Norman third. About this time lots of people began to wish that they were dead, or that they could rob a bank. The sitation was getting desperate, and no one could spot the ghost of a winner. Still they hardened their hearts and went for a rise with Beggar Boy in the Hurdk-s. Had he risen a bit at the fence they might have arrived at the consummation of their hopes. As it was he went down, and Sir Joshua cantered home an eaBy winner. Lyndhurst and Sir Anthony were dead snips for the w.f.a. Royal Stakes ; but Yabba had not been reckoned with, and he out of spite nipped in and nipped backers aspirations in the bud, winning by a neck from Lyndhurst, Sir Anthony nowhere. The " day after to-morrow " Epsom Handicap wont to Godiva, Ilbogan and Bowler. The start was awful, M.P. and Godiva getting away yards in front of the post, whilst Ilbogan was off last. Result: The mare led all the way, though Ilbogan was catching her fast at the finish. So ended the moBt disastrous meeting ever known. Badly as the meeting went, readers of the M.M. might have won a bit had they stuck to my tips. I went for Beggar Boy and Drummer in the First Hurdles ; Quicksilver best outsider for Cup ; Grandchester and Stamboul in the Produce; Gordon (left at post), Sleep and Rosella in the Welter ; Foreman (did not start), Sarnia and Sir Anthony (did not start), for the Moreton Handicap. The jealous and unsportsmanlike conduct of a large section of English racing inen in endeavouring to lob the colonial horse, Ringoaster, of his fairly earned laurels, is contemptible, and the phrase, " British fairplay," is a mere saying, and an unmeaning attribute. The colonies can give the old country a lesson in fair sport. That which was expected has happened, and Hanlan is now on his way home. A cable informs us that Hanlan left Auckland for America by the Zealandia, on Monday last, A rather painful affair is to be noted in connection with Hanlan's latest affair. A certain person in the county of Cumberland has advertised that he will not be responsible for any debts contracted by bis wife. This, read in conjunction with certain particulars published in our last issue, will fully explain matters. Things are becoming a bitconiplicated. Wallace Ross now offers to row Elias Laycock, which only goes to prove that at least one man believed the reported challenge of the latter, to row allcomers bar the two champions, to be genuine. The English correspondent of the Leader says:—"The match between Smith and Mitchell did not come off on 1st April, owing to Smith's tearing his left foot on a hook fixed in the floor of his practising room. The hook had something to do with an apparatus for practising at an indiarubber ball, and ought to have been shifted for a staple with both points fixed in the wood. As it happened, Smith, while in his slippers, got larking, made a sudden lunge at the ball, caught the foot on j the hook, and tore the sole. Instead of healing, as a wound to a man in condi- tion might be expected to do, the tear grew angry, and became so inflamed and painful that Jem was unable to meet Mitchell. Charley at first offered to make a new match to box Smith for £1000 a-side. Now he says that Kilrain can tackle Jem ; he, Mitchell has had enough of training and sparring, while Jake likes it. Smith's managers, without whom Jem would do mnch more fighting, insist that Mitchell should enter into fresh articles. Mitchell replies that Jake is at Smith's service quite, and there the matter stands as I write. Smith's failure has sickened the public a good deal There is no doubt that the accident is as reported, but all the same the B.P. is dreadfully suspicious, and feels ^more than half sold of malice prepense." A dividend of £91 16s. was paid by the totalisator on Merlin, the winner of the Maiden Hack Race, at the Hutt (N.Z.) meeting last week. The boy James, who rode the winner, and won the div., rode another winner in a hack race last year. On that occasion his father gave him £1—with instructions to invest it as be saw fit. Thinking his horse had no show the boy kept the money in his pocket, and had the mortification to see £300 slip from his grasp, as there was not a single investment on the previous animal. _ This time, however, be took care to invest bis pound, with a £91 16s. result. His father, a canny Scot, who owned the winning quadruped, took charge of the coin aud rode off post haste to bank it. 