I UNDER THE SHADOW The Bine Dolphin is the Yesort of the fishermen of Sandy Biiy b'ofore tlio boats go •out for the night to gather in the harvest of the dee.p. Here the toilers of the sea congregate and debate, ay, and settle the mom«itou.s concerns of the nation. To their Showing, the balance of political poorer has its bearings in Sandy Bay, and the potency of their influence could affect European destiny to no slight degroe. Besides the ad justment of delicate matters of State, all the flotsam and jetsam of fact and hearsay con nected with the village lifo is c< llected and distributed in an improved and magnified condition, for the edification or otherwise of the community. The Forum is the long, low, raftered room of the hostelry, with casement windows baok and front; its oak panelled walls are deco rated here aud there with coloured prints and a silhouette or two, together Viith a complete set of Hogarth's "Rakd's Progress." Over the fireplaco is a lAfgo common looking glass, which distorts every image, and in a manner shotftt l»en how their characters and features become warned and altered by at tending such a place. Round tho big table are placed rush-bottomed ch-iirs, and across the window recess the long settle. Un a particular evening a year or two ago nil tliis sitting space was occupied, the room being clouded with smoke, while, owing to many speaking at onco, the noise vpa's dearoii ing. Some knotty point was iitidet discussion ; eloquence and spirit wert Brought into its elucidation-. Tim satisfactorily disposed of, it Was found high time to be off. But a parting glass must be had first; then away to the boats. One of the men, Luke Gibson it was, mischievously inclined, proposed over his ale " Bonny Lizzie Brewis, coupled with the name of Bob Jackson." His eyes twink led humourously as he ht>p'6d "the two would soon become one, but that their shadows might never grow less." The sally was greeted with uproarious merriment, for men do dearly love a joke—at some one else's expense. .Jackson, who was of the company, promptly protested that ho "would not have anything to do with other people's cast-ofi" goods." The words scarce left his lips when his mouth was sealed with <a felcnv that also knocked him to the fleets Amid the outcries of the men ho gained his feet, those near him assietiiig and examining his hurts, whilst the others remonstrated with his assailant, for his rash behaviour. Jack son, however, took his casfcigation, very coolly, simply remarking, " Ferguson, you'll repent , tliiit blow, and thftt very soon too.'' Ferguson in teply muttered. "Coward, servo yott right," then contemptuously turned to the door and departed. The fishermen dispersed to their boats, took in 1 the cans of tea and bundles of eatables from their feminine relatives ou tha rocks, drew in the anchors, set the sails flapping in the night wind, theli; tightening their ropes van ished out into the lowering darkness, and presently the little boat lights sparkled like rod stars far out on the slow surging waters. Lizzie Brewis was a good-lookii>g lassie, • who kept house for her father, mended his nets, met his boat coming in in the mornings, helped to unload the fish, washed them in the pools and packed them ready for the dealer, and in many other ways sought to fill the gap left by her dead mother. Notwith standing her busy life she had found time to love and be loved. Whether it was her naUV; rally amiable disposition, or she waspdssSssetl of some mysterious force which shtf feoVikl pro ject at vill,and irresistibly 'coinpel masculine homage; she had v&viied; at any rate the dis tinction of biTftg somewhat of a flirt. May j be it \V&t;» a mistake the fisher lads made, for | moil are prone to think that every bright i glance that shoots their way isabullettofindn ; billet in their hearts. Certain it is thiit fAa'ny of tliem had their susceptibilities a trifle shocked when they followed a fancied chal lenge. It was ftijt the men, however, who awarded hiir the notoriety, for when their pride had healed they confessed rather a par tiality for a spirited girl, and that is exactly what she was, in spite of what her sister s*ex said. For when her knight-, in the person of James Ferguson, came on the scene, and wooed her in the masterful fashion that every girl likes, she fought every inch of ter ritory all along the lino, and when she could not help herself surrendered beautifully, and became a model sweetheart. But as is the common fate of lovers, something trivial was separating them for the time being, and each was miserable trying to imagine bitter things against the other, which both knew i smile or word would dissipate. This little friction had left the opening for Luke Gibson's toast at the Blue Dolphin : the taunt had gono the more readily -home because of Jackson's friendly relations to both girl and ffcther.jrhe thought that Lizzie might be drifting away was so irritating to Ferguson, that it resulted in the momentary explosion so derogatory to his manhood. Early morning saw the return of all the boats with the exception of the Sea Sprite, in which Ferguson sailed. The crevr had been unfortunate in their choicQ of a casting ground, and sooner than ColUQ in to empty creels they could not f ^ tliey preferred going further afield to try their luck. When thte boats were scoured and the v&riotis; eii'goes disused of, the ilseriuail retired to their domiciles to sniitch the sleep their midnight toil had deprived them of. Jackson was among the number ; a lively fpilo-ft he was ; llo idling for hint as long &s; there was work to do ; he was always eager for it. His rest was riftcul shortened that orders for wild fowls' egg might be executed, and at present there were urgent demands for them,, .TV supply these, midday saw hiln cliiiibing Falcon Clilf with a coil of i'dpe over his arm and ft hamper swinging by his side. The rocks Vel'e exceedingly precipitous, facing the sea ; to get down to the nests, it was necessary that a stake should be driven into a crevice of the rocks. The rope fastened IB this, the searcher—trusting hhiifsSlf to its slender support, hanging bdtiVeen two worlds —gradually Wol'ks his way to the lower ledge?, collects his treasures, then, with his life virtually in his hands, ascends the rope again. Here was the task Jackson was engaged in ; his preparations were complete ; the basket was down, the rope before him ; and after it he went with steady head and dauntless courage, disappearing from sight over the bulging rock, to pursue his hazard ous avocation. ' Shortly after Jackson's departure from the village the Sea Sprite came to anchor in the bay with a satisfactory catch of fish. Waiting till they were weighed and packed, Ferguson notified the men s shares and left them to their own devices. Going up to the cottage where Jackson lived, he inquired of the old dame sitting knitting by the open door the whereabouts of her son. She jerked her head in the direction he had gone, saying— " Bob will bo found there, but most likely too busy to bo bothered with anybody." A moment or two he stood talking to Mrs. Jackson, who was always ready to have a crack, especially if it were about her boy, as it was in this instance. But another pair of eyes followed Ferguson as he passed thought fully along to the cliff, 0110 wistful mind wondered when matters would be put straight. Yes Lizzie was wishing with all her heart that the silence would be broken. Though she glibly said she did not care, like most women, she meant the contrary. , Her earnest wish prompted a pardonable stratagem : she would make an errand to the rocks. Ferguson would be sure to return by the same road ; what was to prevent an accidental (?) meeting ? and a reconcilia tion would ensue. She would be very ' gracious and forgiving ; everything would bo restored to its familiar footing; and, of course, it would not be her seeking. Oh, no ! Ferguson had gone further than she ex pected, for even at the Foot of the olid' there was no sign of him. Fully resolved that die oxpedient should ho successful, she valiantly scaled the steep track. The sun poured down its rays from a molten sky ; but for this she cared little, consoling herself by whispering, "How nice it will bo coming back again." At last she reached the top, and still no Fcrgusion was in sight, Weary a little, and disappointed more, she crept into a shady cleft out of the burning heat. How delightful if a cool breeze would sweep up from the sea ; but no breath of air stirred this mirror of gold. There it lay, a burn ished plain far-stretching into the hazy dis tance. The intensity of the heat was oppressive, and had its ell'ect even on bird life—not a visible wing fluttered anywhere. Nature had fallen asleep, and as sho slept she dreamt. The girl up m the nook of tho rocks saw the dream ; it was as a photograph on gossamer suspended in the mid-sky, a film that seemed to tremble in the quiet mosphere. There in the figure she recog nised two figures standing on a sandy terrace ; one was Ferguson in his jersey, who stood near the edge, the other man in his shirt-sleeves was Jackson. His sum was suddenly raised,|and her lover fell back and disappeared, and then the extraordinary spectacle melted away. Lizzie rubbed her eyes and nipped herself, and bccdnle excess ively alarmed at discovering herself wide awnke. Her fll'at impression was she hud been dl'ealiling. This not being so, truly Woman-like, the phenomenon was at once referred to it miraculous origin, and super ntitioualy attributed to a supernatural rath or than seeking an explanation from a purely natural source. Man usually appeals to reason ; but when womah appeals to the same supreme standard it is riccidoiital and Beldom instinctively, Lizzie was like the majority Of Vi'er sex ; this was a vision, a por tVJnt of dreadful meaning ; some evil had be fallen or would befall some 0110 near and dear to her, that was only too obvious. Dis tressed by the accumulating horror of the situation, the object of her being there was almost fargotten. The mysterious threaten ing danger obliterated the idea of her lover's probable proximity, so she sat, almost past herself with bewilderment, lost as to what 8ho should do next. In passing 'f roift oiie projection to another, patheriiijj the eggs he wanted, Jackson got uown to an extensive ledge, of old formation, that had boon'denuded of its superstrata. Sand, thrown up and left by many a tide, thickly covered tho temco. About finished with his work, And exhausted tly the over powering BUn, the young man resWA and re freshed himself With oo'me food lie had brought with liitii. Loosening tlie rope from hiB \VMst, to which it was tied, he was in the act of fastening it to the basket, but desisted when the rope began to sway back and for ward, as if it was being meddled with. Look ing aloft, ho presently saw a man coming over the high out-lianging-rocky letting him self down by the rope. Though astonished, he had this gdod sense nob to shout, in caie.wheevbt it was should bo stattled nn'tt fall. On getting nearer, Jaeks'oft soon recognised the new coiner to ! be Ferguson. Wonderingly waiting till he gained his feet, Jackson approached, and the j two men stood face to face, surprise depicted in ono countenance, manly shainS an'd sorrow in tho other. Kobott held out his hand, which the etlier took, and in the grasp con trition and forgiveness were thoroughly ex pressed and felt. No word of apology wis offered, nenejwas wanted j in a moment or two both were perfectly at ease and chatting away gaily. FeVgUsoli was standing ilear the brink of the l'otihy Strip fanning himself with, hiS h&t; suddenly he changed to a ghftstly colour, and staggering back a step, cried out, " O God and as Jackson's hand grazed his shoulder he toppled headlong over the precipice, dazed by a sunstroke. His companion had just missed saving hiln from a frightful doatll. Horrified and shaking in every limb, Jackson foVVVal'd to the fatal spot and peeretl bVcl'—away Into the watery depts 100 ieet below ; but his straining sight cbUld catcli no vestige of the unfortunate man. Fascinated by the dizzy deep, he al most yielded to its drawing invitation ; but by the strongest self- reprossion he managed to get back to safer ground, It would have bceli GxfcvmneLy difficult to analyst; the state Of Jackson's feeling at the temble occurrence ,b\it .ho waS piii'alysed by the liosiii'oii iii wliiiiil he found himself. There iVaa bSen no witness to the accident; it iear dawned and developed in his mir.d : the simple words of the previous night acquired an awful import. " What if they should think me gliilty of violenco 1 Why did Fei'gUsml seek me here 1 —ifhe h«d but wniteci ft little We should have met lH tlliJ ordinary way. What a con sdqiience to follow an honest intention I Still, no one will doubt my truthfulness, they will never dare impeach my charac ter." But doubts shaped themselves more dis tinctly. "Oh! those unlucky words, How would they be COilstrued ! what base motive would 1)"<3 imputed. There is only one way of escape : I must keep silence, a guilty silence, doubt less ; for what a hazard I would run if my confession were not believed! But I must away from the accurscd place at once or I will go mad." Casting about for the rope, his nerves were subjected to a fresh shook—for there it was, dangling fully a couple of yards away from the rock. Above, the crags Were ihoccessible and beneath the cliff descended sheer into the ocean. Whnt must be dohe 1 Stay here he could not; men \Vould niiss him and come to search ; he would hot fol1 tli§ wol'ld have them find hint ili this placo. There was nothing for it but to jump. Pulling him self together a bit, he sprang into space and caught the ropo like a man whoso salvation of soul depended on his crip. As the rope oscillated it landed him hack oil the shelf of rock. Already alive to the necessity of keep ing up an appearance* ho secured his basket, then commenced llet'VoUsiy attd laboriously his ascent, which he determined should be his last. For the future, good-bye to nest ing expeditions. Peering cautiously about on arriving at the top, it ftp.s satisfactory. to note none Were AbOU't—unaware that this haggard facts Wa3 seeii, by Lizzie tilt her perch higher up tlie rocks,, trying to . sihg himself to better spirits: .It. was a failure ;. an attempt to whistle ended likewise. The haunting thoughts were not to be cajoled or put under. With downcast face Jackson strode-on to Sandy Bay, holding his basket 011 his shoul der so that his features would not be shown to passers-by. On getting home, the after noon ineal 'vv'as waiting for Iiiiil; but it was diSliiissed with scant attention. Pleading a headache from the excessive heat, ho went to his room, and locked himself in with his fearful secret. A knock at the door a little later almost made liis heart jump out of its place. Trem blinglydemanded, 'J Who is there?" It was only liis hlotlier with a cup of tea and a brittle of herb mixture, a specific remedy for all ills. To please her he took some of both. As she expatiated on their virtues, it was a relief to his tortured brain to listen to her talk. The old lady was delighted at the pro spect of an invalid, and one so amenable to good advice and sound doctring. Give a woman the opportunity of being a minister ing angel, and she requires little else to make her perfectly happy. Nursing is her ele ment from infancy upwards; Through stages of "Wooden Betty and "Parsian wax," with moving eyes and a squeak inside, to the human development of'the same class, with more intoinal squeak and realistic moving eyes, concrete nursing denied, the abstract will furnish a substitute—viz., a grievance for nurse they must and will. Acting osten sibly on his mother's instructions, Robert I signified his intention of not going to soa that night, avowing that rest would cio mm good, and to-morrow he would be himself again. His cheek blanched when his mother asked liini whothor he had seen Ferguson or not—•for he had gone to meet him. The evasive answer returned passed unnoticed by his old mother, for at the moment one "of the men called for her son. He was told that Robert would remain ofi", and that they must manage without him, as he was on the sick.list. With the advance of the darkness, however, he became more and more a prey to terror; certainly matters were bad enough in the daytime, but as the heat mists rose from the lields, and whirled in shapeless masses past the window, his im agination saw in them so many avenging ghosts bent on his identifaction with a foul crime. The narrow-, confined room became un bearable. Slipping out of the house, he stole away like the darker shadow of a mist-wreath and found himself down by the lonely sea. The low music of the ground swell as it broke on the ahorc awoke 110 answering human echo. IIo was as restless as tlio tide. In the walk along the beach he came to a small boat at anchor. Impelled by a .sudden de cision, he embarked, and rowed across the bay, steering in the direction of the Falcon rocks. With some half-foimcd purpose in view, he cruised aboutjtho'waterfi, rowing the boat to the caves, and in and out among the rocky crevices; but his quest, if quest it was was fruitless. If he looked for tho missing man, it was in vain; for there was 110 token of human presence, dead or alive. Wearily leaving the dark, solemn place and pulling back, he was hailed from a smack that had escaped his preoccupied attention. It was Luke Gibson's crew returning; an accident had happened to their lines that hindered their fishing for the night. Jackson met their inquiries with words to the eftecf that he thought exorcise in the cool air would be beneficial. Though now midnight, Mrs. Jackson was anxiously waiting her son's arrival, but was pleased to hear that a long walk had done him good. Her watch over, bhc bade him " good night" and retired. The somniferous tidal wave that sweeps the land from pole to polo ntld droiVtis humanity ill oblivion for the time being had lost its magnetism, /or sleep ! to him was out of the question There ho stood at the open window with the sweet fragrance from the flower garden stealing in to the foom; afar off and dim was the wftsli of the sea, peaceful its the pulse tlirob of a slumbei'illg World. The calm majesty of the overbending night eventually acted as an anodyne and stilled the conflicting emotions of the conscience-strikeri mrin, the hopeful ness that sprang oilt ijf tile serenity of nature onded ill A welcbnie iriigra.tiUn to tliH BdrdeiS land of tlid ufiSdeii, which lasted well into the forenoon. His mother coming up and seeing him asleep, went back without disturbing him and busied herself with household work. A message took her shortly to the village, and whilst there Bhe bethoujjhfc her that a little brandy might bo useful 111 the house in case her son required it» Going iii to the Blue Dolphin to get what was Wanted, she learnt that great excitement prevailed-, ill Sandy Bay owiilg to the disappearance of Jame3 r orguson. He had lldt bebil sebtl since.tue return bf the iSeu Sprite on the previous day; he had hever been home for a meal or to •change liis seafaring clothes: he had vanished as by magic. The fish dealer who came from Yewdale. every morning had seen nothing of him there; self- eleoted inquisitors were'scour ing the countryside for trikce of liiht, aiid has Mrs. Jnckaon stood SBverdl of thts man-hun ters came in declaring the s'ceHt cold; anA thiit the trail could hot be followed. The intelli gence ciiUsed a great sensation. Mrs.: Jack son eager to impart her quota to the general wonder, told what she knew of Ferguson, never dreaming of the jeopardy she placed her son in. An ominous silence fell on the talkers as she related the missing niali's visit to her cottage and Whofe lie htld gofle, after leaving her door-. " My opinion is>" she con tinued, " that yoii will find liiin stlmeiVh'ere about the rb&ks; ovbrcome by the 'heat. TheriJ was even my boy Robert came from the nesting quite ill, and is not better yet." Some of her hearers felt, as they lis tened to hor opinion so tritely expressed, that sho hud imiocontly dilvem more than ono nail into her soil's coffin. Having uh wittingj.y dorlB irrtipiiftililu daraago, she com placently took her departure ; the men held a hasty consultation, and concluded that the best thing to be done was to nak the vicar magistrate to held an inquiry, to which Jack son should he (eompulsOrily, if riecrissary) invited. Otte Of thfe garfcy, iVas despatbhed to the . yioarilg'e; fcliree or foul-others were deputed lo wait on the ,f suspect." During their absence the pros and cons were delibe rately discussed, with the result that those present were nlready convinced that Jackson was guilty of having pub his words into action. Robevfc Was tip and dressed By time the depiltiBs {jot fcct thtt bott&g;'o. "As soon as ho saw Ulehi lie guessed, what brought them; to save his mother needless fear, he walked out to and mingled with the men, heard their business, and outwardly cool and collected accompanied them baok to the inn. ; The vicar was not yot there, but ho soon arrived with Rae the schoolmaster. The old Mart's face was full of trouble,'sirlce he ctlhlB to the bench ilotlihlg of sb serious il niltiire had .disturbed the peace bf the village: Oil his entry the cjaniolii' 6easS(i; iliid il feSftestflil depdrtmijilt Wils observed, though great 'anxiety was evinced as to the first step to bo taken. But the .impromptu court was i doomed to disappointment, for the vicar had taken in matters at a glance, and quietly said, "No doubt we are all membei'a of biie fahlily;, bilt there are some things that thjp spiritual Mhet qiiii .best hear iiloiic. .Therefore, What i liave to: heat' and say shall be heard and said , in private, and if it is of sufficient importance it will be made public afterwards." Then the dignified old magistrate turned to minehost to lead the way to his sitting-room. Rue followed to do the reporting. The cl'owd wtis ill-sutisfied at the turn of iiffilifs, and felt deprived of cer tain rights. Sentiment got the better of dis cretion. The vicar's high-handed policy was severely oriticised and -condemned. As if to make tip for loss of privilege, free utterance was given (regardless of his being thero) to what Was thought of Jack son's part in the tragedy. The landlord desired to learn Who was willing to tender evidence. Luko Gibson and sftvoval others volunteered, but Jackson was the first called. Mr. Evans was extremely sofry for the young man, whotn he hcLd.knoWn from boyhood ; he had hitherto worn the white floWer ofablaihe less reputation, and the treatment of his mother was a tribute tij his; kindly dis position. Accordingly when he addressed Robert his tone-was the reverse of magis terial. He hoped that he would be able to explain away the cloud that was setting over him, and that the suspicion would-be entirely 'without foundation. But his dominant fear caused Jackson to avoid the truth and1 aver ignorance of Ferguson. He had not seen hiin Since the quarrel. The questions put 'wore not answered with his usual frankness, but as if something were Concealed, On his dismissal Gibson contributed his testimohy, related how Percuson lbst his teHiper and repeated the words, Jackson had uttered, besides ho had heard Mrs..Jackson say. that the missing man had. called lib her .Houso and then went after her son to .the Falcon Cliff. Gibson alao mentioned seeing Jacksan in the middle of the night, out on the sea near tho foot of Falcon rocks, and that he showed displeasure at being found there. Other witnesses corroborated his statements, and added trifling proofs which made the chain complete. Mrs. Jackson was sent for and closely examined about Ferguson's visit and its purpose ; this told, she wondered on to her soli's sibkiiess and how a long .walk at midnight had almost cured him. When she finished, the case had assumed a very grave aspect. Robert was recalled, and Mr. Evans sternly acquainted him with the irreconcil able discrepancies in his story, and that the gravity of the complication demanded his detention for a week ; unless furtherevidence was forthcoming or fresh favourable facts ad duced, it would he his painful dnty to commit him on ft charge of murder. Morris, who did double duty as a catcher of fish and men, took Jackson into custody and locked him in the strong room at the back of his cottage. The unhappy man fairly broke down on being led away. "0 mother, mother!" he cried " what must I do?" The pews of the arrest spread rapidly through the village; both men were equally well known, and until now, both equally well liked; hut this new phase caused a revolution. The murdered man came in for all the sym pathy and respect that had hitherto been di vided, ivliile Jackson mis deemed capable of the deepest infamy. It is ever so with the masses; " Crown him or crucify him" is their verdict; in their ignorance, taking a decision at which sane men would hesitate. The idea of suspended judgment is alien to their sense of eternal fitness; so they prouounce posi tively, in blissful certitude, independent of probabilities, what isn't white to their vision must be black; whoever is colour-blind, they are not. The women folks were sure a Nemesis was punishing Lizzie f'.r her hoity toity behaviour, and even ventured to say she was fittingly served; but their venom went out wholesale against Jackson. They knew him to be guilty; the allegation amounted to a certainty. The men, always more discreet, shook their heads and thought of the unfortunate toast and subsequent quar rel at the inn, and though their condemnation was not so sweeping, they were indubitably convinced that Ferguson had been brought to book for his nasty blow. After seeing Jackson's distressed face above ilio roclcs, Lizzie Brewis waited a little longer for her lover to come. lie failed to do so. Slie -went homo thoroughly subdued and frightened, .md bitterly grieved at, her plan being upset. What she had seen she kopt to herself, as she didnot, like tobe laughed at. Delicacy forbade inquiry about Ferguson. Having neither mother nor sister to confide in, she whs thrown back upon herself. After indulging in duerefleetion away from thespot and its associations, tho vivid impression of the afternoon faded little by little, and by nightfall Lizzie was ready to believe she had been mistaken or napping ; at any rate, little reliance was to be attached to the warning. A more composed state of feeling now super vened, and by the time her father got ready for the boat she had quite recovered her mental cnuilibrium. Tho morrow, however, played sad havoc in her fool's paradise ; the beautiful rainbow was blotted from the hori zon, Quickly, only too quickly, she got to know tho rumour that wasrifo.andthe dread ful significance it had to her. A strange com bination, called by courtesy a. woman, de lighted at the chance, carried tho harrowing tidings, andjiad the gratification of seeing her victim pale and fall prostrate at her feet. When her consciousness returned it brought back the gnawing pain of yesterday with renewed poignancy. What a long dreary summer day it was, full of sunlight and song of birds, yet withal full of gloom and hints of misery ; rtn r intercepting shadow hid the radiance from on high. The idle afternoon was succeeded by as idle a night ; everybody was quito unsettled. Eacli item of interest ftndschip of news con nected with the case was carefully reviewed and talked over until every particular was minutely known. The boats did not go off at night, for the excitement was at its pitch j work wns impossible. When- Bi'ewis earns home and sat down after supper to enjoy his plpB, Liizo cfciwered iit front Of the fire (as if it were cold), with her head resting agiiltist his chair, and won from him the whole story of the murder of her lover. The father was deeply moved at his daughter's emotion, but he lost his voice somewhere in his throat, and could oiFot no ray of cheer. If her mother had only been alive, what comfort she coultl have given, 'i'hett his fingers wandered through her hhir; itnd in fatherly tehderiiess stroked her forehead arid managed to indicate bis loving comtiassiom Lizzie could bear it no loligeii.; 'ftitn teatd niid eobs she btokfilil^' described the weird picture 3hesaw in the air, and asked her father what it was and what-it meant. . Shrewd-headed a8 lie was, he was puzzled ; but he still knew that there were more mysteries in heaven and earth than were comprehended in his philosophyi What ho could not gt'asp dnothci! might; and Who mores likbly than the viciilr? Late as it wbs, lid woiiid Wit iliat gentlomaii's knowledge tti tlid test. The thought was soon acted upon, for telling Lizzie that he would not be long, he made his way direct to the vicarage. " Yes, the vicar was at home and would see him ; just step this way to the studjr," said the servitor, 83 ho ushered Browis mto the vicar's bi-esfetice, Mr. Evatis received him with old-fashioned courtly deference, handed him a cliairj theil waited liis pleasure. Not to waste time, as the hour was late, Brewis narrated briefly what his daughter had told him, and then asked the vicar's opinion respecting the strango story. Mr. Errtns tfitsmUch IntBrestbd In ivhrtfc lit; he Aid; iind counselled the fishertftan, to tiiii nd onb 'ibout it uiifcil to-morrow, \vliiln jib would come and see him and talk it over ; in the meanwhile he had no suggestion to offer. A week later Sandy Bay was all astir. Mr. Evans, assisted by a brother J.P., presided ovel' the ttdjoul'lietl inqtiil^; which Witsheld.in the scliodlrooftt .fdr, totivenieri,bt!. AH thtj foriiier iVitiibastis Ivetb callfeu, ftnaiJie SvicUsiieb was gone over ; Eeveral points were elicited, but not one in favor of the culprit. Poor | Mrs. Jackson,what a trial it was to her! Now she tried to beat about the bush and soften her previous statements j but it was of no use, hot original words had been taken down j she had hliilg tlie sftordiibovB her soii'shead, rtnd thefi» it S'nfi; libld fey ft ffchgilfe liair, TUr&tigil; it nil liobert preserved a. stoical countenance. But when Lizzie Brewis stepped forward and told her story of what shesaw fromthe rocks, he turned all colors, and his firmness forsook him ; only wberr she related how she saw Jackson strike PergtisOh alid Itndtik hint dvef the ledge did he show any animation, lite shouted out, " It's a lie ! it's a lie ! I did not strike hitrt I tried t;o save him," and lie collajjsecl.. TjlG ll<lir liiid. sftrtpt, find the sword iiad falleii; Tile giti'.s tale tam8 a§ il revfelilti9ri. to .the.ptople m thai; Qrdwded room, 'i'ney listened open-mJiitiicd S3 Slip explicity described the scene, and then they with one accord shook their heads and said, "I thought so." In their credulous way they thought Lizzie gifted with second-sight or a sort of clairvoyance, that had enabled her to jrittiesS ;the iriySterioUs tragedy that had taken plsicc beycfnd her ordinary keri find vlslblii . . «, After this alarming addition to thk evifloiiee against him, Robert felt himself completely cornered. Too"late, he endeavored to create a revulsion in his favor by telling the truth as to how the accident really happened. But every one was scoptical, and though they half pitied him for old association's sake, still you know justice must be done." So the business ended with Robert being found guilty of murder, and that, too, of the most brutal character. He would have to wait his trial at the Assizes, some two months ahead, (To bcCo-ntmucd.) 