GHOST STORIES. THE GHOSTLY SIGNAL AND THE PHANTOM I'LOUGHMAN. Two capital ghost stories reach us from tlio other sido of tho Atlantic. Tho first is Canadian, tho scoond comes from Fannsyl- vuniu. TUB 0bnesi3 ok tiie ouost. Last autumn thoro/wnB'an ncoidont on tlio Canada Atlantio railway, near tho station nt St. Soliolastiquo. . A fanner named Brunut was walking along the track at about 12 o'clock at might, when tho Ottawa oxprass camo -along,-; Htruok- ;him, -and throw -his body lOUft. awiiy, so horribly mangling it' that portions .;worb. found in tho branches of-' n clump of trees growing liesido tho track.- Thoro liavo hcon ' fivo different engineers of that train niuco then; tlio lust resigning only a fow days ago. Tho roasou giroii for tlio resignations was Unit tlio olump of trees was haunted, and tlmt there woro strange signals given thcro overy night,, which always stopped tlio train and tlion disappeared. Tho engineer who resigned last gives tho following reasons for giving up his position why the hnodiekk iie3i0nsd. . It's a ghost or somotiiing liko it, and it has boon tlio cuuso of four othur engi neers asking to ho transferred. I first saw tho ghost ouo night two wcoks ago. I liad loft St. Scholiistiqiio, and wus whooping her up, because I was a triflo lato. I liad hurdlygot hor going, when I saw what Hcemod to bo a rod star floating iu tho uir, perhaps u milo away, and ahead of mo. It grow Iargor us I got nearer, and suddonly It struck mo tlmt tho rod star was a red lamp. Yet it was very high in tho uir — too high, (bought I, to ho a signal. I noticed ulso.tliat it apparently hovoroil ovur tho olump of Iroos. As I gat within 200 yards of tlio trees tlio red globo soomod to jump unreal from tho trees right ovor tho truck. TMs till took piueo iu u shortor wliilo thun it takes ino to toll it. I wus startled. 'I'lio light was undoubtedly that of a sigiiul lump, and hung directly in tho way of the train. I hadn't timo to cull tho iittoution of my firemen to it before I wus on top of it. Frightened and ieurfnl' tlmt there was something thu matter witli tho road, I whistled down brakes, shut oif stoum, put oil tlio air brakes, and stopped tho train. Everybody wus startled, 'i'lio conductor rail forward and usked whut wus tho mutter. 1 laid him, and wo started back to investigate. There was nothing thu mutter with the road. Thcro wasn't u liouso within half a milo of tho placo, nor could any footprints ho discovered in tho hiiow to show tliat anybody liad been in tho neighbourhood. Now, up to that timo I hud never hoard of tlio ghost, hut I notiocd that tlio conductor, Georgo WoIIch, was strangoly agitated, and tho fireman looked soured. the e1ery 0lqi1e once more. My noxt up trip was two nights lator, nnd precisely tho sumo phenomenon appeared. I was scared this timo. Tlmt it was super natural I had no doubt, ami despite an incli nation to bravo tlio ghostly warning and kcop tho train going, iny hands turned off tlio stcmn and put on tho uir brakes almost mcehiinieuUy. 'i'lio conductor cuino forward .as before. 1 explained oxuctly tlio sumo wuy, and wo -wont on after failing to discover uny reason why a danger signal should liavo been used at that purtiuulur point. My fireman then told mo tlmt the uppuriliou, ghost, or whatever it was, liad bcou seen by four olliurs, who liad all got othur shifts. They couldn't Ktundit. Nuithcr could I — uud lioru I uiu, laid off. . a kii,v:;toj£ i'louoiiman. In tho north western curlier of Lower Morion township, Montgomery County, l'u., a great hubbub baa boen raised by u phantom tanner who is nightly soon ploughing iu a lielil. 'i'lio apparition was first discovered about thu end of Miireli by a farm hand who was returning lute from coursing. Emerg ing from a wooded pathway that skirted ail old forest for uiiliM, Ibis rustiu was startled to bear a aiquilebral voice commanding a learn lo halt. lio looked ill vain about tlio plane for a moment or two, and waa about moving on again when thu sumo sound foil on Ids our. A shiver crept over him as hu heard tlio creaking of an unseen hui'iiiB-s, and liis terror was fur from huiug allayed by tlio whinny of a horse iilmual directly before hint. At tlmt moment tho now luooii stole ovor tho neighbouring Irec- lopa, mill iu its misty light hu plainly saw tlie phantom farmer, it was clearly out lined ugaiuat the dark background, aud ita two hands hold iu a steady grasp tlm pro jecting handles of a plough. Before it marched a pair of spirited horses, dimly out lined in tlio misty light, their hcmls cruet mid Llieir eyes (lashing lire as tlioy mured hastily along. Tlio young man waited another moment to roussuro himself, mill was about to tako to Ids heels when ploughman, iiorsu, mid plough Niiilileuly vanished. Then lie, loo, lied iu wild ulurm. seen jiy seven men. At Silas Brown's corner grocery on tho night succeeding this, tlm young man, Albert Cooper hy uunio, told thin aturlling story. Tho crowd adjourned to tho alleged scene of thu ghost's operations to verify or disprove Cooper's lulu, 'i'hoy had not lung to wait. Without tlm noises tlmt liad warned Cooper tlm night before, tile phantom faiTimr ap peared before tlm oyos of Uiu aoveii men who sat ujHiii tlm fence, or, lo be more accurate, who almost fell from if in terror. Ilis long white lmir mid heard streamed in thu passing wind. No hat wus upon liis head, nor oould any porlion of his face hu seen oxuupt tlio glistening eyes. Theso shot out from u - height of mure tlian seven feet front the ground, indicating tlm speul-ral granger was taller tlmu thu average of hitman kind. Aland liis body, whiuh coulil not well he traced, there was a Jili'ispliuri-seent glow whieh dazzled tlio eyes of flu: terrified Hpeelatora mul sliuim far uliouil of tlio steadily moving horses. The plough lie ieaneil on (teemed of skeleton frame, but it tossed 1 1 IV thu soft, moist earth as easily us a steamer funis the river wiivih. On ho eamu, the horses mmmed to oxlinlu lire, tlmir heads erect aud arching, and footfalls as firm und clear as any the watchers ever heard. At tliu corner of the Hold tlioy turned obediently at a word from their spectral driver, ami again passed before the afi'righted spectators, wim Ihi.Ti.'iipuu lied in haste. THE IIE1.11 I'l.OI.'lllir.n 1iy THE CillOST. On the following morning a crowd of rust ins determined lo go to the iiehl and nee whether any tineo of tho faniier could lio found. As limy ciinm iu sight of tlio on- c'm-- aiio one of thu iiuiiiisir exclaimed iu astonishment: 44 I'll ho dtiriicil if tlm tiling doesn't plough, miim enough." Hu was light. Ono-iinlf ut tho field had Ihxsii genu ovi.r, evidently hy no novice. 'Jim furrows weio not quite so nroaii ns inoso lnauo by mi an ordinary ploughman, hut they were' less lagged nnd ui'ii'e deep, and wero as straight ns tho most experienced eye could make them. A (lay or two idler the namo group went out to view thu fields again, mid this timo they found tliat the piiaatoin had finished tho work. Tlio owner of llio field was una of (lie number, anil betook a fili-mii oath that ho had uot turned a sod in tho enclosure. Tlio I'rinco of Wale.' is said lo speak Froacli host of nit tlio Royalties of Europe. 