A MARCH IN THE RANKS. BY JESSIE FOTHERGILL, all rights reserved. CHAPTER XL— Vale. Dr. Burton 1 "You think that wa9 pretty weak, don't vou ? But, you see, you don't know my friend. Some of our friend# exercise this soothing influonco over u«, you know. From not caring two straws whether the Moorsido Hydro- pathic placo was a failure or a success, it became a matter of honor with me that it should be a success. I have diligently attended every directors' meeting, have gone into all the account#, pondered ovor tho dif ferent ways of managing it, and, in fact, hare taken all the trouble in the world about it. I don't know how long I shall go on in the same intelligent style," he added, with another laugh, as he leaned back in hi# chair and looked ont through toe window and across tho garden. Godfrey could have sworn that there was bit- . teriics# iu his smilo, though none in his man ner. "Have some more claret," he said, suddenly, as if wishful to change the topic. " No, thauk you. I hope you will go on a little while longer, at nny rate. For six months, say, when I shall have completed my term of oiuco at Moorsido." Barras amllcd and shrugged his shoulders, and they said no more just then about Moorside or the complications connected with it. After lunch Mr. Barras suggested a cigar in the garden, until " the cart " came round. " I bare ordered it for a quarter before 2," ho said, looking meditatively pleased, as he blew out the first ring of smoke. "My horse will carry us to Moorsido in less than half au hour. I shall then catch the worthy doctor — trap him in liis after-luuch nap. Ho loves so to be dis turbed in that sweet occupation. I suppose," he added, with a searching sort of glance at Godfrey, "you don't mind beiug seen driving up with me ? It will be over tho whole placo in less than half an hour that you came and fetched me to turn Dr. Burton out." " I've doue nothing that I was not driven to do,'1 said Godfrey indifferently. "I am not afraid of being seen with you, if you don't ob ject to bo seen with me." " Nnt. a hit." flrvid flilfls. Thov both laucrlied. and continued to stroll about the garden for a time. Tbea Godfrey was left alone while Barras went away to make himself, as he said, present able. Boon after his return, in garments as re spectable as bis others had bceo tho reverse, a very trun dogcart, reminding Godfroy of tho one driven by " Miss Alizou," tho day hoforo, came round. They gob into it, and then, as it seemed, in another moment they were bowling smoothly aud swiftly along the road, in the directiou of Moorside. "I will go straight upstairs to see him," said Giles, as they drew near to their destination. " Wbcro shall I find you when I have settled him ?" "On the terrace, under the drawingroom window#." " Yery good. Upon my word, I begin almost to enjoy this adventure. I don't like making people uncomfortable just for the fun of tbo thing, but 1 do love to see a humbug writhe." "Bo do I," assented Godfrey. They drove up to tho tnaiu entrance, and their summons soon brought out the aloepy waiter, whose countenance changed, developing into some thing like a faint, respectful grin, ns he replied to Mr. Burma's iuquiry, that Dr. Bur ton was in, up9tairs in his room, Gilo# wontrinto the house aud Godfrey made his way rouud to the terrace ho had upoken of; a pleasant walk, looking due west und bordering a large space of fiue green turf, in the midst of which stoo'd a noble old oak tree. Other terraces surrounded this lawn and long bed# thickly planted with rosebushes, which iu summer made a sweet and gallant show. A# he turned the corner of the house and stepped upon the terrace, Godfrey was rather sorry than otherwise to see Mrs. Vau Bibber slowly pacing it. She was dressed in an elaborate kind of garden negligee, with a large, lace-corored sunshade — a pretty figure to form one of seme large and fusbionahlo coun try-house party, but singularly inappropriate, as Godfroy keenly felt, to tho deserted grounds of a hydropathic entablisbinent in the dead season. Mrs. Van Bibber, like bo many other American women, hud an almost uuerr- iug instinct about the beauty of any particular dress ; she, like moat of her country women, wore more becoming and elegant things than Englishwomen of tho same class would have done ; only she— and they— wero generally all i; wrong about the suitableness of the occasions on which to wear the said pretty things. She seemed, however, aa happy, airing her fiueryaloue as if she had been the centre of an admiringcrowd. She hailed Godfrey at once, and claimed him for her owu. " Well, well 1" cried she ; " where on urth havo you been, doctor ? I wondered if you had run away after due reflection on what I told you last night." " I am not quite so easily frightened away as all that," ho told her. " I have only ' been taking measures for making Dr. Burton rua away." " No I You don't say 1" she cried, admiringly. "I think that's so spirited of you — and bo prompt. But how have you managed it?" "Oh, somconois doing it uow ; tellihg him a ghost story or something," said Godfrey with premeditated vagueness, us ho turned and began to paco tho terrace with her, " Well, I do hope you'll drivo him away, aud remain yourself," she said, candidly. " Of all things under tho canopied heaven# Idobato a humbug the most. And bo is a rank humbug." ' " Hare you been out long ?" "Only since lunch, and they don't give you a meal ao heavy as to impede yourlwalking powers," Bhe said sarcastically. "That's my great trial in Europe — I do not like your cookery. I do not like your breakfasts anywhere, and here I disliko thorn most of all." "Broakfast— bacon, eggs, cold moat 1" God frey #aid ; " what moro could vou want ? And marmalade," ho added, with admiration. " Why the marmalade was excellent./ He cpoke on thi# subject with all the fatuous complacency of a Briton. "Marmalade I Bacon!" echoed Mrs. Yan Bibber, with blended disgust aud contempt in her tones. " Ah, if I co.uid but have a real old Ylrciuia breakfast, or a Baltimore one cither, dropped down on this table to-morrow. Wouldn't I make you islanders open your eyes." "Tho subject is a fascinating one. What would you give us ?" "Piles of ripe oranges, to begin with — such oranges as I've noror seen hero. I should require several day# to show you wbatiwo could do in tho way of breakfasts. Ono day I'd give you a tender loin steak— rare, not done to a cinder— and potatoes stewed in milk ; hot rolls and buckwheat cakes. English breakfast tea of conrse. I'm free to confess that I prefer it ; to ours." " English breakfast tea 1 What might that bo?" " Wait till you come to America, and tbea we'll show you. Iced water— the lukewarm stuff they bring you hero is naunoating to mc. Another day, fried chicken and waffles, and 9omc corn-bread — 1 corn-dodger/ vulgarly speak ing." ' Corn-dodger. It sounds like some kind of patent sieve." "Oh, no 1 Thero'a a story about a southern prisoner in the war, when two ladies went to see him, and ona.had a bundle of tracts and the other a basketful of pieces of corn-bread, and they both held out their hands to him at once. The tracts wero nearost, but ho bowed politely (ail our men wero polite), aud said, 'I thank you ma'am but I'll try a little of this lady's coru-dodger first.' Come to Baltimore, and we'll show you a very res pectable specimen. With fried cbickou and waffle#— ah, when I see your greasy bacon and think of fried chicken and wuflles, I'm sick. It makes me positively sick," " It sonnd8 nice, whatevor it may be. Then you are a rebel," he added uuguurdcdly. Mrs. Van Bibber's wholo aspect chaueed. Her in sulted Southern blood rushed over her face. " A rebel 1 "she cried. "We don't admit tho term. They very soon had to cease calling us rebels and admit us us a belligerent power. No, sir ! I am not a rebel. I am a Southern woman, and I uphold my cause." " I beg your pardon, I'm sure." " Do you meau," she added, looking at him curiously, her good nature all restored, " that you're a UnioniHt ? " " My sympathies would have been with the North, of. course," Godfrey admitted. " Of course, but it wasn't so much of course in yoar country." " No, I'm sorry to say, it wasn't. But in my part of the world it was and always will be." " Ah, well, I would lovo to havo you pay a visit to Yirginia and our Southern States. I know you'd entirely change your viows," "There i# no telling what I might sacrifice if bribed with such breakfast# as you describe, " said Godfrey, laughing. "Ah 1" na they turned and he saw tho tall figure of Giles Barras at the end of tho terrace; "excuse mo if I leave you. I have businosa over there." Ho went to Mr. Barras aud they turned to ward# the front of the house. " Well, Pro had quite a fight with him," said Mr. Barras, laughing. He proved harder to conviuce than I had expected. However I have convinced him and that very thoroughly. I expect ho will relievo yon of hi# prescnco to-v morrow moruing. If ho should uot, just drop mo a line by tho evening post und I will come again andtmalco it cortnin. " And do you thiuk I mado much ado about, nothing ? " " On the contrary, I am convinced it was a very good thing that you acted promptly. Hnd you not done so, he would have gained an ad vantage, and ho was prepared to bo quito naBty if he got tho chance. But I have extracted hi# fangs, and he now wriggles in impotent rage." " I am delighted that you fouud such con vincing arguments. I cannot tell you how much I feel indebted to you." "Not a bit of it. I hope tlu# is but tho be ginning of our acquaintance. You must give me the pleasure of your company at diuner some evening, if you will," Godfroy said he should bo delighted. "I must be off now," said Mr. Barras. "I havo one or two other calls to make. Good day. I think you will have a clear course after to-morrow morning." They shook bauds laughingly and parted. Mr. Barras climbed into his cart and was soon ont of sight round a bend in the drive. God frey turned back aud went into tbo hoase The excitement was over, Now for tho flatness and dulncHB which always follows it. TLieso had their turn, of course, bub Godfrey's was not the Lempcramcnt to yield to them, or allow them to dominato him. In this respect he was strong — in tho power of receiving rebuffs and reverses, pleasures aud suc cesses, iu much tbo same calm and impartial spirit. It was asAurodly not that ho was incap able of feeling pleasure or pain keenly enough, lastingly enough. But there aro natures which pleasure and pain, or rather the effects of them, shatter and shako; tbey leave them trembling and unnerved. Godfrey was different. Ho was endowed with something, at any rate, of that rare gift which tho poet aspired aftor when ho cried, "Mo . , . standing at case hi naturo. Mo, wherever my lifo is lived, O, to be self-balanced for contingencies, To confront uijfUt, storms, hunger, rldioule, accidents, rebuffs, a# thirtrees aud animals do." It waa thus, to a certain extent, self- balanced for contingencies that this youug man faced tho world and hi# fate, and it was from this inward power that proceeded from his apparent tranquil acceptance of positions and situa tions which in tlw eyes of his mother at any rate, were derogatory to his dignity, and injurious to the great aim of "getting on.' Such a gift is not tho real thing, unless it holds good in small things as well as in great ones ; unless It enables a man with unruffled mien to appear inconBisiunt while in reality pursuing steadily the one object on which bo may hare set his mind. All this capacity Godfrey had. Ho might hare some feeling of depression, but it left him practically undisturbed, and ho saw Giles depart. Undisturbed, also, ho amused himself for tho rest of the afternoon, partly in writing a letter to his sisters, giving them some account of the proceedings at Moorside, partly in reading, smoking, strolling about, and Incidentally gaining a lino robust appetite for his impending 7 o'clock dinner. Punctually tho gong sounded for it, and ho repaired to his place ; found all as it had been the night before— Mrs. Van Bibber by hi# side and tho rest of the company assembled. XJ 1. >iurLou jijiiuu ui» tppuuntuic « Ai.fc.w Tho calibro of the man came out distinctly iu tlto peculiar circumstances in which he aud his opponent wero placed. Ho neither knew how to accept his defeat like a man, and shake bands over it with his conqueror, confessinj; that he had been wrong, nor had ho the faintest notion of how to ignore the wholo niVair and stnnd nsido in sileut dignity. Dignity, indeed, waa not in him to bo shown, undor auy possible combination of circumstances. His ullies, Airs. Oupstick and the young lady who sat at his lett hand wero in their usual places and wero eridently acquainted with the fact that all hnd not been plain sailing for tho object of their admiration, for tta.y inquired audibly and anxiously how he was feeling "now," to which ho replied in a pettish aud querulous manner that ho wa3 very far from well j he had been worried and agitnted that afternoon iu no common degree, nud that through tho agency of those who ought rather to haro spared and helped than troubled and tired him. He had quite hoped to enjoy an intcrral of a weak or 10 days' rest among his friends at tho establishment before leariug for his holiday, but after what had happened ho felt there was no .longer nny placo for him, and he intonded to set out to morrow. He beared an angry sigh, and cast a malignant glance towards Godfroy as lie suoke. Both tho ladies loudly expressed their disap pointment and indignation— disappointment at his impending departure, indignation at tho scurvy treatment to which he had been subjected. None of all this mado Godfrey's pulses quicken by so much as the tenth of a hc'at, nor in any way impaired the excellent appotite glvon him by his long walk that morning in tho keen moorland air. Neither did it in any way increase his pleasure in the prospect of his coming six months' administra tion at Afoorside. The whole ailair had become very disappoint ing. From an exhilarating prospect of a complete change of work and interests, it had dwindled away into the prosaic reality of a sordid contest with an incompotont and insincere person for tho honor of ministering to half- a-d07.su soi- dimut invalids. Furthermore, theao ministra tions must, he foresaw be either a continuation of the present quackery .and humbug, or he would have to rai.o a general disturbance — become detested by all, receive thaDks from nonc_aud by ths timo ho should have suc ceeded in making himself odious all round it would bo time for him to go home again and seek fresli work. Yet a few more disagreeable experiences on tbo morrow. Tho retreating physician con trived to fill tho whole place with a pervading atmosphere of tho injuries he had received. It is a faculty with which some people are gifted to a wonderful extent— a kind of moral aroma which fills tho entire air in their neighborhood. He did not leavo until afternoon, and then, accem- pnnied to tho door by his satel'.ito ladies, ho took his departure iu the " afk," as Mrs. Van Bibber dubbud tho venorablo omnibus of tbo establishment. Slio and Godfrey, hardened in their cynical indifference to pain and suffering, were seated at the time of his departure on a bench near the front door. « B'ancy calling that thing an omnibus," said Airs. Van Bibber, in a low tone. " Why, tho meanest of our summer resorts would he ashamed to owu it for their stage. I tremble for ila fate, or rather for tho fate of Dr. Bur- tou and his trunks. Are those women going to see him on to tho cars, do you think ?" she ndded in a still lower, apparently awestruck, touo, as the procession appeared — the head waiter first, carrying tho doctor's smaller packages ; then tho porter, bearing what Mrs. Van Bibber called his " trunks " ; then Slater, with a peculiar moek-solomn expression ; then tho victim himself, with a lady on cither hand. " Well, ya know, if my hand gets lamer und lamer while you're away," cried Airs. Gapstick, " 1 shall have to send for you badk. I get so awfully nervous, thoro's no doin' any good with mo. And there's so much in bclicvin' in your doctor. It's mote than half- the battle. How don't yon think it is ?" " Of course it is, Mrs. Capstiek. I can only beg you to persevere in tho treatment I have prescribed, and under no circumstances con- scut to any change being made in it." «,AIy 1 How do-you fool after that?" wliis- Scred Mrs. Van Bibber, gently offering Godfroy er smelling bottle. Aud at no notice was taken of herself or her companion, tho hardy llepub- lican uplifted her voice— "You're nevor going away without saying good-bye to me, doctor I You would not bo so ungallnnt," cried she iu tones which be could no" ignore. Ha, turned towards them, and lifted his hat sheepishly. "I've not had the ndvnntge of yoqr ad vice," she continued, "because I have as much on hand from my London physicians as will servo mo for tho balauco of the year, but I shall miss you very badly j aud so will Dr. Hoble, I fancy, though bis acquaintance with you is of such a recout date — oh, Dr. Hoble ?" " Certainly," said Godfrey, smiling. ' There are some peoplo one does not easily forget, even aftor a short acquaintance. I hopo you'll shako hands with mo, doctor," she con tinued amiably ; and ho had unwillingly to diverge from his straightforward processional path, descend the steps aud shako hands, . looking red, angry and embarrassed. "Yes, I shall miss you," alio repeated sweetly. 'It will bo quite impossible to replace you, though I am sure Dr. Noble will do his best. I wish yon a pleasant journey and I hopo you will have a real good time wherever yon. go." She released him, and .with a scant salutation on his part to Godfrey, whom he had not once directly addressed silica they had parted the morning beforo, ho was at last allowed to enter his chariot and was driven off, not looking quite so important as beforo Airs. Van Bibber had bethought herself to wish him good-bye. Perhaps it was very funny, Godfrey thought. His companion at uuy rata seemed to find it so, though Godfrey himself failed to see tho very humorous side of it. Mrs. Vau Bibber laughed heartily, though not loudly, when tho last sign of tho omnibus had dUnppeared down the hill. "1 guess he couldn't quite tell whether I should miss him agreeably or not," she said. "I know I'm mighty glad he has gone.' I've no use for Dr. Burton— no title in the world." Godfrey wondered if anyone had, except Dr. Burton himself, and then they returned to the house. Things went on exactly as they had done before— and tho evening and tho morning were the third dev. (to he continued.) 