The Sliires' Ward Trouble. GOUKCILŁOH James Scott, if lie is nothing else, is a Great Agitator, but the Beast in the Apocalypse was also called great, and perhaps on like grounds. Because tho other members of the Windsor and Ithaca Shire Councils, of both which governing bodies, lie too is an obtrusive if unhououred member, have applied to have their respective districts subdivided into wards, Mr. J. Scott considers it is his bounden duty to oppose. We now propose to show how ill founded are his public grounds for such opposition, though his private ones, the veriest child in local government can easily gauge. Although we give good and valid reasons, we cannot undertake to supply Mr. Scott with brains to understand those reasons, or common sense to appreciate their truth. Curiously enough, his reasons for so opposing nowin Windsor,—although when he was on the stump, seeking election, none bellowed so loud for the ward system with its quasi-financial separation, as Mr. Scott,—are based ou grounds entirely different from those which exercise bis litigious soul in Ithaca. The head and front of the offending in Windsor, according to his showing, is that the ratepayers have never de manded it. That because the council have not been first set a-going by a petition of one-fourth of the ratepayers, as set forth in clause V., section 26 of the Local Government Act, therefore their taking the initiative under their corporate seal and inviting the Governor - in - Council to exercise his powers is, if not illegal, at least ultra vires Like many commentators of the Bible, Mr. Scott has read one clause of the Act, and twisted it to make it dovetail in with his own peculiar ideas of eternal fitness. Like them, he has jumped to a conclusion which of course ÏB wrong. He has entirely ignored section 25, which authorises the Governor-in-Oouncil to exercise his powers vnlhout petition, and is utterly ignorant of the fact that the whole of section 26 only lays down the procedure when the question is first approached by petition emanating from the ratepayers. There is not a single line from the title to the imprint in the Act, prohibiting any local authority from proceeding as has the Windsor Council, and as did but a short time back, and with success, the South Brisbane Council. With the correctness or otherwise of the boundaries allocated, we do not propose to deal, beyond stating that, in our opinion, size of area and number of ratepayers go for little or nothing ; the true test of fairness being, equality of income and an equitable division in the charge of maintaining the main roads. Seeing that eight councillors in each shire are agreed as to the fairness and eojuity of the divisions, we consider that their opinion is worth eight times what the one holf-opiniated and self-interested councillor thinks ; and further that as they must lepresent eig'IT times the number of ratepayers that this latterday Adullninite does, the weight of their unanimous decision is of eight times more value than is his. In the Shire of fthaca even Mr. Scott cannot cavil at any want of petition, but true to his persistently factious opposition, lie goes on the warpath over the different areas. Perhaps lie imagines that he alone can perform a work satisfactory to all, which has puzzled the brains of eight men equally as wise and capable as Mr. Scott, and that is paying them but a very poor compliment. Having watched Mr. Scott's public utterances and actions with some considerable attention, in the hope of gathering pearls of municipal lore from the lips of a man who evolved the "Councillor's Vade Meciun," we are bound to confess that he would be utterly incompetent to properly subdivide the district, as he has invariably shown himself to be, municipally, a failure, and that on all municipal matters he is so grievously ignorant, that he really does not know how ignorant he is. Mr. Scott goes on to assert that the ratepayers have no desire to see the nine present members retire, they only want the USUAL three to go by effluxion of time, so that fresh blood may be introduced. Three elected candidates of the same kidney s himself in both councils would not ive him the majority in either, his heart so ardently pants for. If the present entlemen who fill the responsible but most unthankful positions of councillors in these two shires are the unprincipled evil doers that Mr. Scott has, in various public meetings, so blatantly asserted they are, it is his bounden duty to prove his case, and having proved it to do all in his power to turn them out, and we would then gladly help him in his righteous crusade. But be cannot prove it, the tenor of these men's lives and actions is far above such paltry calumny and they, knowing these assertions to be the very essence of rancorous detraction and pure malignity, very properly treat them with contempt, as did the Emperor Adrian, " bearing all his attacks, calling the abuse of such, the stings of bugs." Surely if Mr. Scott is the democratic god so firmly seated in the affections of the ratepayers and so implicitly trusted as he would have us all believe, the fact of all nine going out would result in himself being returned in triumph at the head of each election. Like the spirit which returned from the wilderness, he would re-occupy his old quarters with seventeen other spirits like unto himself. The vision of the future then would indeed be a Tery rosy one,— to Mr. Scott. Mr. Scott as a double-barrelled president, ditto as J. P. on the Licensing Board, where, amongst other matters, he would be able to adjudicate on Sunday trading and the distance a man most go before he can have a nip. Why the grateful citizens would erect brazen statues in honour of the Great Scott, if they did not first present him with a row of houses, a brick at a time. His portrait might adorn the parlour of every house in the two districts, and yet unborn children would learn to lisp the name of their benefactor. This, however, is only a dream of what might be if we lived in the realms of topsy-turvydom. Returning to the stern realities of the present, we ask these two questions point blank of Mr. Scott. Is not his opposition to the ward system in both shires based principally on the ground that the other councillors, who, to put it mildly, do not love him and whom he hates, earnestly advocate it ? Is not the sole reason why he so loudly condemns the granting of the ward system in Ithaca, which by the way he a short time back so strongly advocated, because he knows in his heart of hearts a general reelection means relegating him to his original obscurity ? That having been weighed in the balance and found wanting, in spite of the irrepressible jump-jack qualities of his nature, he has not the ghost of a show, and hence these tears 