NEWS OF THE DAY. Tho Peninsular aud Oriental Company's R.M.S. Victoria arrived at Adelaide on Satur day morning, and, after a vory briof detention, set sail again for Melbourne. Tbo Yiotoria passed Capo Otway at 8.39 yesterday even ing, and mail master Doyle having gone on Saturday evening to Queenseliff to moot tho vessel, it is expected the mails will bo ready for delivery at an early hour this morning. Tho Premier has received official intimation of tho date upon which Sir Henry Lock's successor, tho Earl of Hopetoun, may bo oxpootcd to arrive in Victoria. His Lordship intends to loavo Eng land in the Peninsular and Oriental Company's B.M.S. Britannia, whioh vessel is timed to reach Melbourne on tho 1st December next. Efforts aro being mado by tho Government to disposo of Mr. M 'Lean's want of confidence motion at a single sitting to- morrow. Sir. Gillios points out that tho stock tax question, which is tho basis of tho motion, has alroady been thrashed out in Parliament, and that no new arguments or faots are likely to bo brought into the discussion at tho present stago. Hon. mombers sitting either to tho right or left of tho Speaker plaood their views iully before tho country at the last genoral elections, and undor all tho circumstances it is difficult to sco what good would result from prolonging tho debate beyond a singlo sitting. But both tho Opposi tion and tho country party do not tako tho samo view of tho mattor, and show vory little inclina tion to accept tho suggestion thrown out by the Premier., Tho debate is therefore likely to be dragged out until Thursday, and all othor busi ness in the House will have to remain sus pended. The Minister of Defenco has been informed by dospatoh received from Major-General Steward, military adviser of tho Victorian Government, that trials are boing made with tlj Zalinski gun nt Shocburynoss, with tho viow of testing tho rango of that formidablo weapon. Lieutenant Zalinski, of tho United States service, is the inventor of this gun, which is fired with com pressed air. Tho trials mado by tho Amorican military authorities havo beou considered so satisfactory that tho Govornment of that country has ordorod 20 of theso guns for dofenco pur poses, and the British Government also contem plate proearing a number of tho Zalinski guns if tho tests now being mado at Shooburyness on bohalf of this colony como up to cxpeotution. Tho gun purchased for Victoria is to bo placed at tho "Hoods to command the entrance, and before being landed here will cost about £14,000. Tho fact that dissatisfaction exists among the legal profession with regard to tho conduot of tho senior judgo of tho County Court , in tho performance of his judicial duties has no doubt oomo as a surprise upon mombers of tho general publio. Tho meeting' of barristers and solicitors which took placo in Scott's Hotel on Friday after noon was hold iu private, and it is not proposed to m&ko; publio tho charges directed by them against Judgo Qninlan until tho matter is ventilated in tho House. That the allegations aro of a grave oliaraotcr must bo apparent from tho ciroumstance that it has been resolved to petition Parliament for a commission to inquire into his Honor's conduot. This step is an almost unprecedented ono in the history of tho colony. None know bettor tho necessity of boing able to prove thoir caso than tho lawyers, and the gentleman who aro taking action in this matter say they will bo prepared to substantiate their statements upon oathv..If ' they should fail in so doing, and his Honor continue to hold seat upon tho bench, their position will be an exceedingly unpleasant one. It may be men tioned that the judges of tho County Court hold ofiico during good behavior, and can only be removed by both Houses of Parliament, or by tho Governor for wilfully absenting themselves from tho colony without reasonable cause, incapacity, or neglect of duty. Negotiations are proceeding between the Yan Yean Land Company and the Minister of Public Works for the' purohase of about 350 acres of the frcohotd property acquired by the company during tho land boom from a syndicate, of which Mr. Bont, M.L.A., was a mombor. Tho land ad joins tho Yan Yean, aud a portion of it drains into tho reservoir. An oflicial valuation was rc- contly mado of tho property by Mr. Cowdcroy, who estimated somo of tho laud to ho wortii £40 por aero, and somo only £14. Tho part required by tho Government to protect tho reservoir against pollution is considered the most valuable, and is offered by the company now owning it at £75 per acre. This prico is con sidered excessive, mid Sir. D. M. Davics has ; intimated to tho company that iio is prepared to complcto a purchaao on behalf of tho Govern ment upon ttio . basis of tho valuation mado by Mr. Cowdoroy. But negotiations aro at pre sent suspended in consequonco of tho want of confidcnco motion tabled in tho Legislative As sembly. Tho Railway Commissioners linvo nearly oomplotcd arrangements with tho Molbourno City Council for taking possession at their option of tho East Molbourno cricket ground for railway purposes. An aot of Parliament was passed last session which gnvo power for this arrangement to bo mado, subject to iiaymcnt of some compensation to tho counoil, and tho parties havo now agreed upon a sum to ho paid which will be mutually acceptable. Although tho transfer will cortainly be effected within tho noxt few days, it is not probablo that tho commissioners will require to occupy tho property for some months to come. Sovcrnl important works, such as tho comple tion of tho goods sheds in tho vioinity and oxtensivo alterations in Princos-bridgo station yard, will ghnvo to |bo well undor way heforo the land will bo needed. The East Melhourno cricket club bitterly opposo tho transfer, but they are utterly powerless to prevont it. Indeed, tho proccduro of tho commissioners is nooessary in tho publio interest. Tho Grand National Mooting of tho V.A.T.C. was hold on Saturday, with &U; the advantages of splendid weather, cxcoptional nttondaiico and strong Holds. Tho Sapling Stakes, which opened tho progrnmmo, was won by Rivcrina, a St. Albans colt, quoted at 5 to 1 in tho betting, tho favorite, Allegro, only running into fourth plaao. Eleven of tho 12 acceptors oamo to tho post in tho Hurdlo Raco, whioh proved a oomplcto boil over, as Parneli, who was mado a hot favorite for tho ovent, only ran into a place, while Bolton, who was also quoted at 5 to 2, retired long before the finish. Tho winner turned up in Recall, who made the running for nearly tho wholo of the distance, and taking tho last jump abreast of Micawber and tho favorite, outpaced everything in tho straight, and won with thrco lengths to spare. Moss Roso just won tho Soiling Raco by a nose from St. John, being afterwards sold to Mr. A. Davis for £570 — a clear bonus to tho club. The scratching of Rcny reduced tho field for the Grand National Steeplechase to eight starters — tho samo number as last year — Eaglet, in spito of the added weight consequent ou his Flomingtori victory, being again selected for favorite. As in the Hurdlo Raco the event fell to 011 outsider, as Koatrel practically mado the running from the start, and won easily by throo lengths from Saxon. Nntivo foil at the first jump, and Sir John Mooro oamo to grief at tho back of tho course, bringing tho favorito down with her. All tho jockeys, how- cvor, escaped unhurt, though Scobie, tho rider of Ruby, who fell at tho sido in tho third round, sustained a sevoro shaking. In tho Balaclava Stakes, which wound up tho card, Green Isle proved too fast for everything," and won by half a length from Doxter, who just beat tho favorito, Stafford, for second place. Tho provision mado by tho railway authorities for tho transport of visitors to tho Caulflold Grand National meeting on Saturdny was marked by all tho shortcomings whioh distin guish the department whenever an exceptional call is mado upon its resources. On paper tho sohoine scorned excellent. Special trains wcro announced to lcavo Flinders-street station at intervals of n few minutes botween 11.40 iu the morning and 1.15 in the aftornoon, and in order to oxpodite tho racecourse servico the ordinary trains on tho Mordialloc, Frank- ston and Oakloigh lines wore debarred from stopping at Caulfleld between 11.30 and 1.30, while tho 12.45 p.m. train from Princes- bridge to Caulflold did not run. To accommodate tho ordinary traffic, however, it was announcod with unconscious, satire, that " Caulfleld periodical ticket holders would bo allowed to travel by the raco specials without extra payment. " Unfortu nately, tho beuoflts of this ro-arrangemont of the time table were effectually neutralised by tho absurd system adopted, for tho distribution of tho special tickets. At first only ono pigoon holo was opened, and tills was promptly bosioged by a crowd of bookmakers and thoir patrons — tho oi polloi of tho racecourse — who fought and elbowed their way to tho window in a sort of selfish frenzy to ho first served. Coats woro torn, hats knocked in and tho weaker found thcmsolvos porpctunlly forced to tho outskirts of tho crowd by pur- chasers whoso superior inuscio having served to carry them to the ticket window served squally well to tako them out again, in spito of tho efforts of less fortunate oustomcrs. No barricado lmd been erected to stem the rush, no oflioial was present to pro- servo order, and tho crowd soon blookcd, not only the special tickot window, but also tho window reserved for tho ordinary Brighton traffic, to the dismay of regular passengers. After a timo a second window was openod outside tho station, and hero tho socne at tho Brighton entrance was speedily repeated, on an even worso soalo. Having once emerged successfully from tho fray around tho ticket boxes, tho battered and bruised special ticket holder could afford to forget that ho had paid first class faro fqrj a second eluss carriage, or that 19 pcoplo wcro crowded into a compartmont designed to hold 10. Theso littlo irregularities occur on every raco day, whether tho occasion bo a pony meeting at Oakleigh Park or a Cup day at Flomington. But, seeing that tho great traffic of Saturday is repeated at stated intervals of every year, and has boon so for yearB past, it is scarcoly too much to expect that the Railway department should by this timo bo able to grapple with tho problem of selling a given number of tickets to a given number of pcoplo in a given timo without break ing down hopelessly in tho attompt. It has beon arranged, by tho authority of tho Commissioner of Customs, that tho following additions shall bo mado to schedule I. of the drawback regulations : — Imported paper bags whioh aro, before removal from tho imports sheds, produced to tho inspector of drawbacks for sample and record, exportation to bo in original packages, 10s. per cwt.; imported chccso ou which 2d. . por lb. import duty is chargoablc, on samo conditions as papor bags, allowance to bo 2d. per lb. on net weight exported. Tho manner in which tho Society of Musicians of Australasia was initiated a few weeks ago was tho subject of unfavorable criticism at a meeting of porsons connected with the musical profession 011 Saturday evening, at Messrs. Allan and Co.'s warehouse, Collins- street. Mr. John Law presided, and the speakers took exception to tho formation of the society, tho. adoption of rules, and the election of life direotors without tho profession gcnorally beiug givon tho opportunity to oxercisa a voice in such questions. Objection was taken to tho election of lifo directors on the ground that as tho directors woro to bo tho judges of individual merit and professional reputation all of them ought to ho elected by tlio members. Sovcral other rules framed by tho recently formed society woro also objected to, and a motion was unanimously carried providing " that as tho founders of tho sooiety ignored the profession as a body in tho consideration of rules and the election of officers, and as tho rules pasicd affect tho musical profession in tho most vital manner by dealing with tho compotcncy and qualification of eaoh individual, wo declino to recognise it until all tho proceedings dealing with tho rules and eleotion of officers are declared null and void, and dealt with by the profes sion generally." It was also decided to con vey tho terms of the motion signed by tho gentle men voting in its favor to tho foundors of the society, with a request that they would meot tho signatories to discuss the question in a friondly spirit. Tho dctoctivo polico at Molbourno have received intelligence thnt Henry Allen Wash burn has boon arrested at Albany, Western Australia, on board tho R.M.S. Britannia, on a oliaigo of having embezzled moneys nt Mel bourne, amounting in tho nggregato to about £1000, tho property of Alfred Rldgley. It appears that Ridgley is at present in England, but that the action against Washburn has bean taken at the instance of a person in Melbourne who holds a power of attorney from Ridgley. Washburn is said to lint o been associated with 5| Ridgley in tho' carrying on of cortain places of -I amusement in and about this city. A detective l| officer will bo dcspatolicd from Melbourne to I bring Washburn back to this colony In ens- "I tody. .1 Tho direotors of tho Molbourno Tramway and I Omnibus Company Iiavo decided to givo a very I liberal bonus to their employes in recognition of fl tho excellent servico tlicy rendered during the .'I period tlio Exhibition was open. In all tho di- 'I rectors intend to distribute in thib manner :1 bonuses to tho amount of about £4000. All " B those employes who were iu tho company's scr- ' I vico heforo tho 1st January will receivo an oxtra I week's pay, and those cmployod before the 1st I April will be given half a week's wage. I Tbo funeral of tlio fireman Joseph Fox of -I tlio Carlton brewery Firo Brigade, who suo- I cumbed to tho injuries received at tho fire at I Robb's-buildings, Collins-street west, took place I nt tho General Ccmotcry 011 Saturday aftornoon I The deceased was greatly respected by hjj I associates in tho brigade force, and had won the ' I reputation of being 0110 of the most willing and I efficient of firemen. The muster of brigades il took placo at a 2.15 o'clock at tlio Car!ton I Brewery, and at 2.30 tbo procession left tho I lato residenoo of the deceased, in Bouverie- -I street, passing along Victoria and Madelino 1 streets to tho cemetery. Tho procession, which > I was headed by tlio Carlton District Band and I tho South Molbourno Drum and Fifo Band I playing tho Dead March, was qnito a mile I in length. Immediately following the lat I tor hand, came a manual engine, drawn I by four horses, and on which was placed the 'I coffin, covered with theUnion Jack andquautitic. 1 of flowers. Thrco mourning coaches followed I containing tho family and relatives of the do' I oeaBed, followed by Mr. Latham, of tho Carlton 1 Browory, in his carriage, tho executive com- I mitteo of tho Firo Insuraiico Brigndo Aseooia- I tionand tlm brewery employes to tho number | j.avsa svuuMuu tuo contingents from tho different brigades, in all about 400 Arc- men in uniform attending; whilst in the rear wcro several firo carts and a largo number of pri- vato carriages and other vehicles. Tho following brigades wero represented in tho procession - i Carlton Brewery, Albion, Abbotsford, Ascot Vale, Ballarat City, Brunswick, BekravLi Caulfleld, Collingwood Union, Coburg, East Molbourno, East Prahran and Armadale, Essen- don, Fitzroy City, Fitzroy North, Fitzroy South Footsoray, Hotham Hill, Insurance, Kcw' Kensington, Moroland, Moonec Ponds, Malvern' North Molbournc, Northcotc, North Carlton. 1 rahran, Preston, Port Melbourne, Port flicl- bourno Volunteer, Richmond, Railways Brigade Sandhurst No. 1, South Yarra, Simpson's-road South Melbourne Municipal, South Melbourne Volunteer, South Molbourno No. 2, St. Hilda Windsor, Yarravillo and Yarraberg. Member! of tlio Carlton Brewery Brigado walked oncithcr sido of tbo engine, and acted as pall bearers and when tho procession arrived at tho comctere they took tho ooffin from tho engine and after wards lowered it into tho grave. The service was a vory impressivo one. Tlio thoroughfares through which tho procession passed were thickly lined with people. At tho conclusion of the ceremony tlio procession reformed ami marched back to the Carlton Brewery, where - tho men of tho various brigades wero addressed by Superintendent Stein, of tho Insurance, and Captain Bollinger, of tho Carlton Brewery Bri gado, after which they dispersed. Tho who was about 45 years of age, leaves a widow and two children, and Superintendent Stein and Captain Ballinger aro forming a comraitteo for tlio purpose of raising a fund on their bohalf. A special mooting of the senate of tbo Univer sity of Molbourno will bo held to-morrow week, tho 27th inst., in tho Collins-street Assembly Hall, to qonsidor tho motion for tho appoint- mcnt of a provost, whioh was passed by the ' council on tho 12th inst. At tho Working Men's College on Saturday evening, Mr. G. D. Langridge, M.L.A., de livered a lecture on Underground Railways. To illustrate his subject, Mr. Langridgo referred to tho great works of this kind which have been carried out iu England. Tho tunnel under the estuary of the river Severn, whioh is miles long, lie said was driven from a point at the bottom of a shaft 200footdcop. For7yearsitwai carried on by tho Groat Western Railway Com- i pany, but at the end of that timo the works wero j flooded out, not as might havo been expected ! from tho breaking in of tho sea, but through J tapping a spring at tho land end. Tho tunnel 1 was then carried on by another syndicate, and g at the end of 14 years from its commence- g mcnt tho first train was run through to a South Wales. Sir John Ilawkshaw was the fl engineer for tho week. Reference being 9 mado to London, Mr. Langridgo enumerated 9 tho number of railway termini in that city, and explained how tho various M lines wero connected by tho Metropolitan <8 District underground system. Somo pari of I this work, ho said, cost £1,000,000 a milo, ami on au average tho cxpondituro upon it was from £500,000 to £600,000 per mile. At ono place, 3Ioorgatc- strcot, tho Groat Northern line was made tu run even undor the underground line. Sir. Langridgo stated that ho had gono allarouud London beneath tho streets by this lino, stop ping at 27 stations, and returning to tho place from whcnco bo started in an hour and four minutes. Sir. C. J. Ham, SI.L.C., presided at tlio lecture, whioh proved most interesting to tlio large audience assembled. Yesterday thelodicsandgcntlcmcnformingthi choir at St. Luke's Church, South SIclbourne, appeared for tho first timo boforo the congrega tion in surplices. Tho change lias boon in con templation -for several week's past, and the in cumbent, Canon Dickenson, lias preached sovcral sermons by way of preparing tho congregation for tho innovation. There wero vory large con- ' grcgations yesterday at both services, and the in cumbent referred again to the chongo introduced by tho choir, and justified it in his sermons on tho Ministry of Women and tho Power of Song. During tho ovening servico Canon Dickenson quoted from a letter received by him from tho rural Dean at Sandhurst, in whoso church tho ( - ehoir havo boon surpliccd for upwards of 12 months. Tho letter stated that the change at Sandhurst had been very satisfactory, and Canon Dickenson had reason to hope that the samo result would attend tho change at St. Luke's. Some chango has beon made in the arrange ments for Mr. Christie Murray's lectures this week. In order to accommodate tho committee of tho Victorian Orchestra, who through au inadvertence had arranged and announced an orchestral concert for Thursday next— tho dato fixed for tho second of the lectures— Mr. James MaoMahou, as manager for Mr. Christie Murray, hns forcgono his right to tho Town Hall, whioh ho had engaged for that night, Mr. Murray's first lecture, on Making a Novelist, will now, therefore, bo delivered on Wednesday evening. The remaining two r lectures to bo delivered tiiis week are fixed far Friday aud Saturday, tho 22rd and 24th inst Tho subjects for these nights will he anuounwd - in due time. At tho Theatre Royal on Saturday evening nn immonso audience witnessed tho production of tho Silver King, which Bhows 110 signs of diminished popularity. Tho aoting of Mr. Bucklaw as Wilfred Denver, aud othor leading ; mombers of tho company, was from time to timf heartily applauded by tho audience. The Silver King will bo repeated nightly until further notico. A season of Shakspoariau productions at tho Alexandra Tbeatro under tho management of ' Mr. Alfred Dampier was commenced on Satur day ovening by tho presentation of Hamlet. A fairly largo audience assembled 011 the occasion. Mr. Dampier appeared as tho Prince of Den mark, and his reading of tho part as a whole was characterised by intelligent interpretation and careful elocution. Miss Kathorino Russell appeared as Ophelia, but somewhat marred the effect of a graceful presence and demeanor by an imperfect enunciation. Mr. J. H. Martin appeared to tolerable ad vantage as Polonius, and Mr. Roothman made a vehement Laertes. Mr. Edmund Holioway delivered the " specoh " allotted to tho Ghost with good olocutiouary oifeot. Mr. J. Stark seemed to bo new to the oliaraotcr of tho First Gravedigger, but succeeded in making o favor able impression upon tlio audience. Mr. W. h- Baker appeared as Horatio. Tho scenery painted for this presentation of Hamlet by Mr. Little, " Alta " and Mr. John Honnings was admirable. Four of tlio scenes woro by the last- named artist, and wcro specially interesting as being the first offorts of his skill sinco bis recent serious illness. Hamlet will be repeated until further notice, and it is announced that on Saturdny evening next his Excelloncy the Asttas-Govornor nud Lady Robinson will witness he performance. Mr. Hiscooks's London Pavilion Company pale thoir first appoaranco in Australia at St. gjflge's Hall on Saturday ovouing, and woro greeted by Buch a largo audionco that tho an nouncement " Hottso Full " wna posted at the flroet door soon aftorthc performance com- penced. Tho first part of tho programme was p, tho ordinary plnn of negro minstrel enter tainments. Mr. S. W. Montaguo presided as Interlocutor, Bicssrs. Morton and Sadler (feinted with tho tambourines, and Mr. IV. S. pfest was bones. Mr. John Fuller sang tho ballad, Sweet Angel of My Dreams, and Mr. J. V. Cornsu rondcrcd Out on tho Deep in excel lent stylo. In tho second part a littlo girl named " Lillian," assisted by a trained dog, gave lomo marvellous exhibitions of shooting, and Mr. IV. Hurst performed feats on the bioyclc. Miss Hetty Cray's songs and dances, Messrs. Morton and Sadler's grotesque Ethiopian fetches, the sisters lllair's duets and dances, Mr. John Hash's comic vocalisations and tho Jibornianisms of the Two Mikes were all well received. Tho company is likely to have a very pcccssful season in Molbourne. Jensen's Congress of Cabalistic Wonders, a ileight of hand entertainment after tho Oriental itjle, was opoucd on Saturday evening at tho Victoria Hall, aftor a successful season in Ade laide. Tho head of tho company is l'rofcasor Robert Jensen, a conjuror, who appeared in a post elaborate dress, in style partly that of a Buddhist priost, and partly roscmbling a Saracen knight in the days of tho Crusaders. His usistants wore also gorgeously apparelled in equally nondescript costumes. They performed OH a very dimly lighted stage somo very astonishing tricks, includod amongst which was the exhibition of a so callod animated skull, xhich did a littlo thought reading, " Eleotoria," » lady performer, was a feature of the show. She illustrated many pretty figuro tablca ux, such w Tho Maiden's Prayer, Tho Gipsy Dancer, I lently without assistanco. Mr. Albert Linton I unwed tho audienco by painting pictures in H oils upside down in fivo minutes. Amongst I (heso was a view of Government House. There vis a good attendauco of the public, but in order I )o make tho oxhibition draw in futuro it will bo I necessary to conduct the performance on a well I lighted stagol It is not difficult by any means I to deceivo tho eye in darkness such ns existed I on the boards of tho Victoria Hall on Satur- I day. On Saturday morning a largo number of I cadets, under the command of Captain Lucas and Lieutenant Hall, marched from the Trca- I sary to tho Cyclornma, headed by tho band of I (he sohool of St. Ignatius, Richmond. Special lectures were given by Mr. H. H. Gross and Mr. I B. A Reeve. Mr. D. Gillies, tho Premier, also visited the exhibition, and expressed liis great I pleasure. I The members of tlio Melbourno Liedertafel I announce a subscription concert, tho third of I the present season, to tako place in tho Town Hall this evening. An attractive programme I will be presented. A programme of sacred music was performed I jesterday afternoon by the Tort Melbourno I military Iiand in tiro Victoria Gardens, Prahran, in aid of tho fund for securing increased hospital I accommodation. A collection was taken up. and a total of £55 was realised. Tho expenses I connected with tho concert amount to only about £5. I; The monthly meeting of tho Tonic Sol- Fa Associa lion is to ho held this evening at tho Thistle Booms. We have received 5s. from A Sympathiser, on behalf of An Aged Minister, in answer to an appeal wtiiclr appeared in The Aye of Saturday, 10.h inst. H Mr. J. M. Davics, a candidate ill the South Yarra I lYovitico election, is aunouneed to address tho clec- ton at the South Yurra Ain.ll this evening, at 8 o'clock. Wo have reccivou tlic following additional contx-i- I button iu answer to Air I, eon Cohen's appeal on I behalf oi Miss IVArcy, whieii appeared ill The Aye I oi Saturday, 27th J uly A Friend, 5s. A meeting in connection with tho Majoroni tosti- monial fund will bo held this afternoon, at 2.30, at I tin Vrincess's .Theatre. 'The friends of Signor and I biiUioraMajeroni aro invited to attend. I Woinro received the following additional eontri I buiiocon behalf of a distressed family in answer to I nil appeal from " Sympatliy" vvliich appeared in I 'H'.Mc on Monday last A.B., Aliiert Park, 5s. I ire have been requested to call attention to an I slierlaemcut in another eolunin in refcrenco to the I wljmirned dlseussioit to take place this evening on I I'roiessor Elkington's lecture on Federation of Labor I uul Capital. I An article which apneared in The Aye of Saturday hat headed ".The Improvements on thu St. Kilda- road" contained tlio following sentence The ru.uU and footpaths aro, even now, before I lie works am completed, in nil abominable condition as far as I the St. Hilda frontier." Tlio word inadvertently priuteil ' abominable " should be " admirable." I Tho band of the Senior Cadetikittalion, under tlio couduetcrsliip of Mr. Peter lvirk, meets for praeliee lu-mght at 8 o'clock, in tho Old Supremo Court, Latrobe-street. As tlio cstablislmient is not quite complete, a few more members aro required. The bunt meets for practice on Monday nights, at 8 o'clock, when all information will bo gladly supplied hy the secretary, Mr. A. Cutmore. I Tlio llawksburn detachment of ilie Senior Cadet Battalion require resruits to coinpleto tlio cstah- lishraent. Lads residing in the southern suburbs who desiro a thorough training in military drill are I invited to join tho detachment, Recruits will bo I enrolled to-night and on Thursday night at the Try I Society's Hall, Surrey-road, llawksburn, on aiqili- I cation to tlio color sergeant. Members of this ile- I tacliment liavo tile privilege of joining any of the I numerous classes for recreation and instruction I which aro attached to the society. 