La Mette. AKNO 1SU. BY W. CLARK RUSSELL. t couldnt have guessed what weight there Was in this oceati swell till I felt the Volume of it from tlie low seat of the («hip's quarter-bt>at. The Ruby looked to tie rolling tin it as heavily again as she fecwmed to have bceb When I Was Oil her tieck, and the beat of her canvas against the mast rang in volleys through the air like the explosion rf batteries up there. The wreck tânie and went as we sank and fcoaltsl, 6\là I calight the second mate eyeing her somewhat anxiously as though theorizing to himself upoii the safest dodge to board her. SUe Was further off than I should have deemed possible, so deceptive in distance at sea, and though the five seamen pulled cheerily the job of Measuring the interval between the two Craft, what with the voluminous heave'of the swell running at us, and what with the roasting sunshine that lay like a sense of paralysis in the backbone, proved veiy tedious to my impatience to come at the hulk and explore her. As we swept round under her stern, supposing that her starboard side would be clear of wreckage, I glanced at the Ruby and saw that they were clcwing up her royals, and hauling down her Hying jib with hands on the crossjack-vard tolling the Bail up. There were spars and a litter of trailing gear on either side the hulk ; every roll Vas a spiteful snapping at the ropes with ft drag of the floating sticks which sometimes made the water foam. " We must board her astern," said the mate, " and stand by for a handsome dip of the counter." Our approach was véty cautious; in- deed it was necessary to manoeuvre very gingerly indeed. We got on to the quarter and watching his chance the bow oarsman cleverly sprang through the crushed rail as the deck buoyantly swang down to the heave of the boat cartying the end of the painter with him; the mate followed, and I after a tolerably long interval, wanting perhaps the nerve and certainly the practised limbs of the sailors. In truth I may as well say here that I should have stuck to the boat and waited for the mate's report but for the dislike of being laughed at when I returned. Ï very well knew I should not be spared, least of all by those amongst the passengers who would have forfeited fifty pounds rather than have quitted the ship. The hull had a desperately wrecked look inboards with the mess of ropes, staves, jagged ends, crushed rails, rents manifesting the fury of the hurricane. I swept a glance along in expectation of beholding a dead body, or, if you will, some scarcely living though yet breathing man ; but nothing of the kind was to be seen. The mate hung his head over the companion hatch from which the cover had been clean razed and peered down, then shouted and listened. But no other sound followed than the long moan and huge wishing sob of the swell brimming to the wash-streak with a dim sort of choking gurgling noise as of water streaming from side to side is the hold. *' Hardly worth while exploring those moist bowels, I think, sir," said the mate. "Oh, yes," said L, "if we don't take a peep under deck what will there be to tell 3 This is a quest of the ladies' making, remember, and it must be a complete thing, or ' stand by,' as you sailors say." " Right yon are, sir," said he, " and BO here goes," and with that he put his foot upon tike companion-ladder and dropped into the cabin. I followed at his heels, and both of us came to a stand at the bottom of the steps whilst we stared round. There was plenty of light to see by streaming down through the skylight aperture and the hatch. The cabin was a plain snuff-coloured room, with a few sLeeping-berths running forward, a r r.ugh table somewhat hacked and cut about as if with the slicing of tobacco, a row of lockers on either hand, a stand of firearms right aft, and some twenty cutlasses curiously stowed in a sort of brackets under the ceiling or upper deck. Hot as it was above, the cabin struck chill as though it were an old welL Indeed, yon saw that it had been soused over and over again by the seas which had swept the vessel, and there was a briny, sea weedy flavour in tile atmosphère of it that made you think of a cave deep down in a sea-fronting cliff We looked into the sleeping-births, going forward to where a movable bulkhead stopped the road. It was not easy to walk ; the increasing weight of the swell was defined by the heavy, though comparatively buoyant, rolling of the huIL The deck went in s'epes like the roof of a house from side to side, with now and again an ugly jerk that more than once came near to throwing me, when a sudden yawn forced the dismasted fabric into a swift recovery. " There's nobody aft here, anyway," eaid the mate; "no use troubling ourselves to look for her papers, I think, sir." "No; but this is only one end of the ship," I answered. "There may be a discovery to make forward. Can't we unship that bulkhead there, and so get into the *tween-decks?" We laid hold of the frame, and after peering a bit, for this part of the cabin lay in gloom, wc found that it stood in grooves, and without mlich trouble TMJ slided it open, and the interior, to as far as a bulkhead that walled off a bit of forecastle, lay clear before us in the daylight shining through the main liatch. Here were a number of hammocks dangling from the deck, and some score or more of seamen's chests and bags in heaps, some of them split open, with quantities of rough wearing apparel scattered about, insomuch that I never could have imagined a scene of wilder disorder, nor one more suggestive of huriy, and pahicat consternation, and delirious headlong beliaviour. " Nobody here, sir," said the mate. "Ko," I answered, "I suppose her people left her in their boats, and that one of the wretches who were forced to remain behind wrote the letter we received the other night." " At sea," said the mate, " there is no imagining how matters come about. I allow that the three men have been taken off by some passing vessel. Anyway we've done our bit, and the capt'n, I expect, '11 be waiting for us. Thunder ! how she rolls," he cried, as a very heavy lurch sent us both reeling towards the side of the craft. " Hark ! " cried I, " we are hailed from the deck." "Below there! " shouted a voice in the companion-hatch. " They've fired a gun aboard the Indiaroan, sir, and have run the ensign up half-masted. The weather looks mighty queer, sir." "Ha!" cried the mate, "come along, Mr. Catesby." We walked cautiously and with difficulty aft, gained the companion-ladder and ascended. My instant glance went to the Ruby. She had furled her main- sail and fore and mizen top-gallant sails, hauled down her lighter staystails and big standing jib, and as I glanced at her a gun winked in a quarter-deck port, and the small thunder of it rolled sulkily up against the wind. In fact, whilst we were below, the breeze had chopped clean round, and the Ruby was to leeward of the wreck, with a very heavy swell rolling along its former course, the wind dead the other way, beginning to whiten the ridges on each hu^e round-backed fold, and a white thickness—a flying squall of vapour it looked to me, with a seething and creaming line of water along die base of it as though it was something solid that was coming along—sweeping within half-a- mile of the wreck right down upon us. The mate sent a look at it and uttered a cry. " Haul the boat alongside," he shouted to the fellow in her; " handsomely now, lads. Stand by to jump into her," he cried to the seaman who had been the first to spring on board the wreck with the end of the line. They brought the boat humming and buzzing to the counter ; the sailor standing on the tafTrail plumped into her like a cannon-shot; 'twas wonderful he didn't scuttle her. The mate whipping the painter off the pin, or whatever it was that it had been belayed to, held it by a turn whilst he bawled to me to watch my chance and jump. But tlie wreck lying dead in the trough was rolling in a quite frenzied way, like a see-saw desperately worked. Her movements, combined with tlie soaring and falling of the boat, were absolutely confounding. I would gather myself together for a spring, and then, before I could make it, the boat was sliding, as it might seem to me, twenty or thirty feet deep and «way- "Jump, for God's sake, sir," cried the mate. "I don't mean to break my neck," I answered, irritable with the nervous flurry that had come to me with a sudden abominable sense of incapacity and help- As I spoke the words, sweep 1 came tlie white smother off the sea over us with a spiteful! yell of wind of a weight that smote the cheek a blow which might have forced the strongest to turn his back. The hissing, and seething, and crackling of the spume of the first of tlie squall was all about us in a breath, and in the beat of a heart too the Euhy and the ocean all her way. vanished in the wild and terrifying eclipse of the thick, silvery, howling, steam-like mist. " By , I have done it now / " cried the mate. The end of tlie painter had been dragged from his hand or he had let it fall ! And the wind «itching the boat blew her over the swell like the shadow of a cloud. The seamen threw their oars over and headed for us, their faces pale as those of madmen. "They'll never stem this weather," cried the mate, " follow me, Mr. Catesby, or we are dead men !" He tore off his coat, kicked off his boots and went overboard without another word. Follow him ! To the bottom, indeed ! but nowhere else, for I could not swim a stroke. But that was not quite it. Had I had my senses I might IiaYe grasped the first piece of wreckage I could put my hand upon and gone after him with it^ to paddle and hold on till I was picked up. But all this business coming upon us so suddenly, along with the sudden blinding of me by the vapour, the distracting yelling of the wind and the sickening bewilderment caused by the wreck's violent rolling, seemed to have driven all my wits clear out of my head. Tlie boat was scarcely more than a smudge in the thickness, vanishing and showing as she swept up and rushed down the liquid acclivities, held with her bow towards the hulk by the desperatelyplied oars of the rowers. The mate was borne down rapidly towards her. I could just see three of the sailors leaning over the side to drag him out «if the water ; the next instant the little fabric had vanished in the thickness, helplessly and with horrible rapidity blown out of sight the moment the men ceased rowing to rescue their officer. I do not know how long all this may have occupied ; a few minutes maybe sufficed for the whole of the tragic passage. I stood staring and staring, incredulous of the truth of what had,befallen me, and then with an inexpressible sickness of heart I flung myself down upon the deck under the lee of a little space of bulwark, too dizzy and weak with the horror that possessed me to maintain my footing on that wildly swaying platform. I had met in my travels with but one specimen of such weather as this, it was off the Cape of Good Hope to the westward ; the ship was 'inder topmast and topgallant studdingsails, when without an interval of so much as twenty seconds of calm she was taken right aback by a wind that came with the temper of half a gale in it, whilst as if by magic a fog white and dense as woo1 was boiling and shrieking, all about her. For some time my consternation was so heavy that I sat mechanically staring into that part of the thickness where the boat had disappeared, without giving the least heed to the sea or to the wreck. It was then blowing in earnest, the oceau still densely shrouded with fly ; ng vapour, and an ugly bit of a sea racing over the swell that rolled its volumes to windward. A smart shock and fall of water on to the forccastle startled me into sudden perception of a real and imminent dagger. The fore scuttle was closed, but the main and companion hatchways yawned opened to the weather; there were no bulwarks worth talking of to increase the wreck's height of side, and to hinder the free tumbling of the surge on to the decks, so if the wind increased and the sea grew heavier, the hulk must inevitably fill and go down like a thunderbolt ! It would be idle to try to express thé thoughts which filled me. I was like one stunned : now casting an eye at tlie sea. to observe if the billows were increasing, now with a heart of lead watching the water frothing upon the deck, as the hull heaved from one side to another ; then straining my sight with a mad passion of eagerness into tlie vapour that shut off all view of the ocean to. within a cable's length of me. There was nothing to be done. Even could I have met with tarpaulins, there was no sailor's skill in me to spread and secure tliem over the open hatchcs. However, when an hour had passed in this way, I took notice of a small failure in tlie wind, though there was no lightening of the imjxmetrable mist. The folds of the swell had diminished, and the sea was running steadily ; the hull with her broadside dead on rose and fell with regularity, and though at long intervals the surge struck lier bow, aud blew in crystals overjthe head, or fell in scores of bucketfulîs upon the deck, nothing more than spray wetted the after part of her. ...... 4. k. It "WASnow ejfeout BÏX o'clock in the evening. In two liours' time the night would have come down, and if the weather did not clear, the blackness would be that of the tomb. What would the Ruby do? Remain hove-to, and wait for moonlight or for daybreak to seek for me ? A fragment of comfort I found in remembering that the wreck's position would be known to Captain Bow and his mates, so that their search for me, if they searched at all, ought not to prove fruitless ; though to be sure much would depend upon the drift of the hulk. Presently, fearing that there might be no water or provisions on board, I was seized with a sudden thirst, bred by the mere apprehension that I might come to want a dripk. There was still light enough to enable me to search the interior, and now I suppose something of my manhood must have returned to me, for I made up my mind to waste no moment of the precious remaining time of day in imaginations of horror and of death and in dreams of desperate despondency. I went on my hands and knees to the hatch, lest if I stood up I shotdd be knocked down by the abrupt rolling of the craft, and entered the cabin. On deck all was naked and sea swept from the tafTrail to the " eyes," and if there were ought of drink or of food to be had it must be sought below. I recollected that one of the forward berths or cabins which the second mate and I had looked into had shown in the gloom as a sort of pantry ; that is to say, in peering over my companion's shoulders, I had caught a glimpse of crockery on shelves, the outlines of jars, and so forth. But the inspection had been very swift, scarce more than a glance. 1 made for this cabin now, very well remembering that it was the last of a row of three or four on the starboard side. I opened the door, and secured it by its hook to the bulkhead that I might see, and after rummaging a little I found a cask of ship's bread, a small cask (like a harness cask) a quarter full of raw pickled pork, a jar of vinegar, two large jars of red wine, and, best of all, a small barrel about half full of fresh water, slung against the bulkhead, with a little wooden tap fixed in it, for the convenience as I supposed of drawing for cabin use. There were other articles of of food such as floor, pickles, dried fruit, and so on ; the catalogue would be tedious, nor does my memory carry them. I poured some wine into a tin pannikin, and found it very palatable, sound claret. I mixed me a draught with cold water, and ate a biscuit with a little slice of some kind of salt sausage, of which there lay a lump in a dish, and found myself extraordinarily refreshed. I cannot tell you indeed how comforted I was by this discovery of provisions and fresh water, for now I guessed that if the weather did not drown th& wreck, I might be able to support life-on board of her until the Ruby took me off, which I counted upon happening tb&t; night if the moon shone, or most certainw next morning at latest. My heart how- • ever sank afresh when I regained the deck. Tlie sudden change from the life, the cheerfulness, the security of the IndiaiUan, to this—"oli, my God! my God!" I remember exclaiming as I sank down under the lee of the fragment of bulwark, with a wild look around into the thickness and along the spray-darkened planks of the heaving and groaning derelict. The loneliness of it ! no sounds saving the dismal crying of the wind sweeping on high through the atmosphere, and tlie ceascless seething and hissing of the dark green frothing seas, swiftly chasing one another out of sight past the wall of vapour that circled the wreck, with the blank aud blinding mist itself to tighten as with a sensible ligature into unbearable concentration the dreadful sense of solitude in my soul. Slowly the wind softened down, very gradually the seas sank, and their worrying note of snarling melted into a gentler tone of fountain-like creaming. But the vapour still filled tlie air, and so thick did it hang that, though by my watch I knew it to be the hour of sundown, I was unable to detect the least tinge of hectic anywhere, no faintest revelation of the fiery scarlet light which I knew must be suffusing the clear heavens down to the easternmost confines above this maddening blindness of mist. Then came the blackness of the night. So unspeakably deep a dye it was that you would have thought every luminary above had been extinguished, and that the earth hung motionless in the sunless opacity of chaos out of which it had been called into being. The hours passed. I held my seat on the deck with my back against a bulwark stanchion. It was a warm night with a character as of the heat of steam owing to the moisture that loaded and thickened the atmosphere. Sometimes I dozed, repeatedly starting from a snatch of uneasy slumber to open my eyes with ever recurring horror and astonishment upon the blackness. Gleams of tlie sea-fire shot out fitfully at times from the sides of the wreck, and there was nothing else for the sight to rest upon. At midnight it was blowing a small breeze of wind and the sea running gently—at midnight I mean as I could best reckon; but the darkness remained unchanged, and I might know that the fog was still thick about me by no dimmest spectre of moon or star showing. I then slept, and soundly too, for two or three hours, and when I awoke it was daylight, the sea dear to the horizon, the sky a soft liquid blue with masses of white vaporous cloud hanging under it like giant bursts of steam, and the sun shining with a sort of misty splendour some degree or two above the sea-line. There was a pleasant air blowing out of the north, with power to wrinkle the water and no more. My limbs were so cramped that for a long while I was incapable of rising ; when at last my legs had recovered their power I stood erect and swept the ocean with my eyes. But tlie light blue surface went in undulations naked to the bend of the heavens on all Bides. I looked and looked again, but to no purpose. X strained my sight till an intolerable torment in my eyeballs forced me to close my lids. There was nothing in view. I very well remember falling on my knees and grovelling upon the deck in the anguish of my spirit. I had so surely counted on daylight exhibiting the Ruby somewhere within the circle which enclosed me that the disappointment that came out of the bald vacancy of the ocean struck me down like a blow from a hammer. Presently I lifted up my head and regained my feet, and feeling thirsty moved with a tread of lead to the yawning hatch, sending the most passionate yearning glances seaward as I walked, and halting again and again to the vision of some imagination of break in the continuity of the gleaming girdle some delicate shoulder of remote cloud, gome imaginary speck which dissolved upon the blue air whilst my gaze was on it. I mixed some wine and water, and made a light repast off some biscuit and a piecc of Dutch chceso that was on the shelf. I then thought I would look into the cabins for a chair to sit upon on deck, for a mattress to lie upon, for something also that might make me a little awning, and pushed open the door of tlie berth immediately facing the pantry as I may call it. The wreck was rolling very lightly, and her decks were now as easy of stepping as the Indiaman's. This berth contained a bunk aud bedding, a sailor's chest, some clothes hanging against the bulkhead, but nothing to serve my turn. The next was similarly furnished saving that here I took notice that a small quantity of wearing apparel lay about as though scattered in a hurry, and that the lid of a great box painted a dark green with the letter D in white upon it had been split open as though the contents were to be rifled, or as though the lock had resisted and there had been no time to coax it save by a chopper. I passed into a third cabin. This had some comfort of equipment in the shape of shelves and a chest of drawers, and had doubtless been the commander's. There was a very handsome telescope on brackets, a few books, a quadrant, a large silver timepiece, a small compass and one or two other matters of a. like sort upon a little table fitted by hinges in a corner, there were three chests in a row with a litter of boots and shoes, a soft hat or two, a large handsome cloak costly with fur, and so forth, strewed about the deck. I was looking with some wonder at these articles when my eye was taken by something bright near the smallest of the three chests. I picked it up ; it was an English sovereign. Others lay about as though a handful had been clutched and dropped—here being the same manifestations of terrified hurry a3, it seemed to me, I witnessed in the other cabins. The lid of the small clicst was split in halves, and the chopper that had seemingly been wielded rested against the side of the box. A massive padlock was still in the staples. I lifted the half of the lid and was greatly astonished by the sight of a quantity of gold pieces lying in divisions of a tray that fitted the upper part of the chest. Each division contained coins of various nations. They were all gold pieces—English, Portuguese, Brazilian and coins of the United States. I prized open the padlock part of tlie lid and seized the tray to lift it that I might observe what lay underneath. But the weight of gold in it was so great that I had to exert my utmost strength to raise one end of the tray on to the edge of the box ; which done, I was able to slide it along till the bottom of the box was revealed. The sight of the gold had filled me with expectations of beholding some amazing treasure under the tray. What I there saw was a heap of rough brickshaped stuff of a dull, rusty reddish tint. I grasped a lump, and, though I had never seen gold in that form before, I was satisfied, by the extraordinary weight of the piece I held, that all those coarse, rough, dull- coloured bricks were of the most precious of metals. I slided the tray back to its place and let fall the two halves of the lid, with another look around me for any article that might be useful to me on deck. The excitement kindled by the spectacle of the gold rapidly died away. I dully mused on it, so to speak, whilst my eye roamed, languidly speculating about it, with a strange indifference in my thoughts, concluding that it represented the privateersman's sorted plunder; that in all likeli- hood, when the rush had been made to the boats, one or more had split open this chest to fill'their pockets, but had been obliged to fly for their lives ere they could find time for more than a scrambling clutch at the tray. But it was the contents, no doubt, of this chest—if, indeed, this chest held ail the treasure of the buccaneer — that was indicated by the writer of the letter in the concluding line of it, the closing words of which had been found illegible by the young fellow who translated the missive. I put the telescope under my arm and passed into the cabin, and found a small chair near the arms-rack, and near it, upon the deck, lay a great cotton umbrella, grimy and wet with the saturation of the cabin. I took it up thankfully, and carried it with the chair up the steps. There was a great plenty of ropes-ends knocking about. I cut a piece and unlaid the strands, and, securing the umbrella to a stanchion, sat down on the chair under it; and, indeed, without some such shelter the deck would have been insupportable, for, low as the sun still was in the east, his fires were already roasting, and I well knew what sort of temperature was to be expected as he floated higher, leaving my form with a small blotch of southern shadow only attached toit. I passed the morning in sweeping the horizon with the telescope. It was a noble glass—a piece of plunder, with an inscription that represented it as a gift from the officers of a vessel to her commander; I forget the names, but recollect they were English. Tlie placidity of the day dreadfully disheartened me. There was but little weight in tlie languid air to heave the Euby or any other vessel into new. The sea under the sun was like' brand new tin for the dazzle of it, and as the morning advanced tlie heavy vaponrous clouds of daybreak melted out into curls and wisps like to the crescent moon, with a clear sky rising a pale blue from the horizon to overhead to where it swam into the brassy glory which flooded the central heavens. Weary of sitting and exhausted by looking, I put down the glass and went to the main hatch with the idea of making out what water there was in the hold. The pumps were gone, and the wells of them sank like black shafts under the deck. But whatever there was of water in the hulk lay so low that I could not catch so much as a gleam of it. There was some light cargo in the hold—light, as I reckoned by the sit of the wreck upon the water— chiefly white wooden cases, with here and there canvas bales; but whatever might have been the commodities, there was not much of them, at least amidships, dpwn into which I stood peering. I then walked on to the forecastle and lifted the hatch-cover. This interior looked to have been used by the people oft La Middte as a sort of sail-locker. The bulkhead extended but a very short distance abaft the hatch, and the deck waS stowed with rolls of sails, coils of spare rigging, hawsers, tackles, and so forth. I put my head into the aperture and took a long and careful survey of the interior, for the mate and I knd not explored this part of the brig, and it was possible. I thought, I might find the bodies of the three survivors here. But there was nothing whatever to be witnessed in that way ; so I closed the hatch again and went aft. The day passed, the light breeze lingered, but it brought nothing into sight. I would think, as I sent my glance along the naked, sea-swept, desolate deck, gaunt and skeleton-like, with its ragged exhibition of splintered plank and crushed bulwark, that had there been a mast left in the hull I might from the summit of it be able to see the Rvhy, whose topmost cloths lay sunk behind the horizon to the eyes which I levelled from the low side of the wreck. "Oh!" I would cry aloud, " if I could but be sure that she was near me, though hidden ! " Maddening as the expectation might have been which the sight of her afar would have raised in me, yet the mere having her in view, no matter how dim, deceptive a speck she proved, would have taken a deal of the bitterness, the heart-subduing feeling of hopelessness out of the wild and awful sense of desolation that possessed me. The sun sank ; with the telescope trembling in my hands I made a slow, painful circle of the ocean whilst the western magnificence lay upon it, and then let fall the glass and fell into the chair, and with bowed head and tightly-folded arms, and eyes closcd to mitigate by the shadowing of the lids the anguish ot the fires which despair had kindled in them—for my heart was parched, no relief of tears came to me—I waited for the darkness of a second night to settle down upon the wreck. But on this day the gloom fell with the brilliance of stars, and some time after eight the moon rose, a moist, purple shield, at whose coming the light draught of wind died out and the ocean flattened into a breathless polished surface. When presently tie moon had soared and whitened, the sea looked as wide again as it was to the showering of her light brimming the atmosphere with a delicate silver haze ; indeed there went a shadowing round about its confines to the shaft of moonlight on the water that made it seem hollow where the wreck lay, and it was like floating in the vastness of the firmament that bent over it to glance over the side of the hull and see the mirror-like breast studded with reflections of the larger stars, and to follow the shadow of the deep, curled at the extremities as it seemed, to the tropic astral dust that twinkled there like dew trembling to the breath of a summer night wind. I had brought up some blankets from below and these I made a kind of mattress of under the shelter of the umbrella. It was about ten o'clock I think when I threw myself down upon them. A pleasant breeze was then blowing directly along the wake of moonlight, and the water was rippling like the murmurs of a fountain against the sides of the pale, silent, gentlyrolling hull. I lay awake for a long time listening to thig cool, refreshing, tinkling sound of running ripples, with a mind somewhat weakened by my distress. Indeed, many thoughts wearing a complexion of delirum passed through my head with several phantasies which must have frightened me as a menace of madness had my wits been equal to the significance of them. For example, I can recall seeing, as I believe, the Ruby floating up towards the wreck out of the western gloom, luminous as a snow-clad iceberg, with the soft splendour of the moonshine on her canvas ; I recollect this, I say, and that I laughed quietly to the thought of her approach, as though I would ridicule myself for the feâî» which had been upon me throughout the day ; then of jumping up in a sudden transport and passion of delight ; when the vision instantly Vanished, whereupon a violent fit of trembling seized me, and I sank down again upon the blankets groaning. But the agitation did not linger ; some fresh deception of the brain would occur and win my attention to it. This went on till I fell to sleep. Meanwhile the breeze continued to blow steadily, and the rippling of water along the bends was like the sound of the falling of large raindrops. I awoke, and turning my head towards the forepart of the wreck, I spied the figure of a man erect and motionless on the forecastle. The moon was low in the west ; I might guess by her position that daybreak was not far off. - By her red light I saw the man. I sat erect and swept a glance round ; there was no ship near me, no smudge upon the gloom to indicate a vessel at a distance. Father of heaven! I thought, what is it? Could yonder shadowy form be one of the three sailors who had been left on the wreck ? Surely 1 had closely searched the hull ; there was nothing living aboard of her but myself. The sweat-drops broke from my brow as I sat motionless with my eyes fixed upon the figure that showed with an inexpressible ghtfstiiness of outline in the waning moonlight. On a sudden there arose another figure alongside of him, seemingly out of the hard planks of the deck, then a third ; and there the three of them stood apparently gazing intently aft at me, but without a stir in their frames, that I could witness. Three of them ! I rose to my feet and essayed to speak, but could deliver no more than a whisper. I tried again,' and this time my voice sounded. "In the name of God, who, and what are you ? " "Ha!" cried one of them. He said something to his companions, in words which were unintelligible to me, then approached, followed by the others, all three of them moving slowly, with a wavering gait as though giddy. " Som drink for Christu's sake ! " said the man who had cried Ha ! pointing his finger at his mouth, and speaking in a tone that made one think of his throat as something rough, like a file. By this time it was clear to me they were no ghosts. I imagined them negroes, so dark their faces looked in the dim west rays and failing starlight. Whence they had sprung, in what manner they had arrived, I could not imagine ; but it was not for me to stand speculating about them in tlie face of the husky appeal for drink. There was a parcel of candles in the pantry—as I tenu it. I had a flint and steel in my pocket, and followed by the men, I led the way below, bidding them stand a while till I obtained a light ; and after groping and feeling about with my hands, I found the paper of candles, lighted one, and then called to the men. They arrived. I pointed to the jars, saying in English, there was wine in them; and then to the slung cask of water, and therl to the food on the shelves. They instantly grasped each one of them a pannikin, and mixed a full draught and swallowed it, with a strange trembling sigh of relief and delight. They then fell upon the biscuit and sausage, eating like famished wolves, both fists full, and cramming their mouths. They were not very much more distinguishable by the feeble light of the candle than on deck ; however, I was able to see they were not blacks. The man who had addressed me was of a deep Chinese yellow, with lineaments of an African pattern, a wide flat nose, huge lips, eyes like little shells of polished ebony glued on porcelain. His hair was the negro's, black wiry wooL He wore a short moustache, the fibres like the teeth of a comb, and there was a tuft of black wool upon his chin. Small gold earrings, a greasy old Scotch cap, a shirt like a dungaree jumper, and loose trousers thrust into a pair of half Wellingtons, completed the attire of the ugliest, most villainous-looking creature I had ever set eyes on. His companions were longhaired, chocolate-browed Portuguese, or Spaniards—Dagos as the sailors call them ; I noticed a small gold crucifix sparkling upon the mossy breast of one of them. Their feet were naked, indeed their attire consisted of no more than a pair of duck or canvas breeches, and an open shirt, and a cap. They continued to feed heartily, and several times helped themselves to the wine, though before doing so, the yellow-faced man would regularly point to the jar with a nod, as though asking leave. " You Englis, sah ? " he exclaimed, when he had made an end of eating. I said yes. "How long you been hear, sah?" I told him. He understood me perfectly, though I spoke at length, relating in fact my adventure. I then inquired who he and bis companions were, and his story was to the following effect : That he was the boatswain, and the other two able seamen of a Portuguese ship called the Mary Joseph, bound to Singapore or to some Malay port. The vessel had been set on fire by one of the crew, an Englishman, who was skulking drunkenly below after broaching a cask of rum. They had threé boats which they hoisted oat ; most of ijhe people got away in the long- boat, six ynen were in the second boat, he and his two comrades got into the jolly boat. They had with them four bottles of water, and a small bag of ship's bread, and nothing more. They parted company with the other boats in the night, and had been four days adrift, sailing northwards by the sun as they reckoned, under a bit of a lug, and keeping an eager look-out though they sighted nothing ; until a little before sundown that evening, they spied the speck of this wreck, and made for it, but so scant was the wind and so weak their arms, that it had taken them nearly all night to measure the distance, which would be a few miles only. They got their boat under the bow—she was lying there now, he said—and stepped on board one after the other. This explained to me their apparition. Of course I had not seen the boat or heard her as she approached, and to me lying aft, the three men rising over the bows looked as though like ghostly essences they had shaped themselves on the forecastle out through the solid plank. I addressed the others, but the yellow man told me that their language was a jargon of base Portuguese, of which I should be able to understand no more than here and there a word, even though I had been bred and educated in Lisbon. "We mosh see to dah boat," he exclaimed, and spoke to his mates, apparently to that effect. (To be continued.) WHOSOKVER would be sustained by the hand of God, let him constantly lean upon it; whosoever would be defended by it, let him patiently repose himself under it. EVERYTHING yields before the stxongand earnest will. It grows by exercise. Difficulties before which mere cleverness fails, and which leave the irresolute prostrate and helpless, vanish away before it. NONE are so fond of secrets as those who do not mean to keep tliem ; such persons covet secrets as spendthrifts covet money, for the purpose of circulation. FOLLOW ME, MB, CATESBY, OB WE ARE DEAD MEN !" " I LIFTED THE TTAT.V OP THE Lib AND WAS GiLEATLY ASTONISHED BT THE SIGHT OF A QUANTITY OP COLD PIECES." 