THE HEIK_OF HNNE. By ROBERT BUCHANAN, Author of the 'Shadow of tho Sword,' ' Tryst of Atranmoro,' ?' Martyrdom ? of Madelino,' &o.;, &o.;, &o.; CaArara XV.— The Shadow Fails. While Willie the Hermit was boing intor viowed by the Btrnngor 'from Canada at tho entrance to hiB oavo, tho gloom and torrow ?were deeptning over Linno Castlo ; for tho laird waB rapidly nooring his end. For Bomo time after tho atrancrer had loft tho sick room, tho old irum lay motionless, with his dim eyes fixnd in a death- liko staro. Murjorio, on her knccB beside tho bed, pressed tho thin, cold hands, and Robbed piteoualy, naming his nnmo, but he neither moved nor spoke ; while on the other uide of tho bed stood Edward Linne, watching with a curious exprossiou tho heavy, stertorous breathing of tho dying mm. Presently, attracted by tho pitoiu& sobbing ol tho girl, he went to her, and lifted her from tho ground. ' Coma away, my girl,' ho aaid tenderly. ' This 18 no place for you.' Bnt Marjorie resisted. ' Don't thkorao away from him !' she oried hysterically. ?? Indoed, indeed, I must stay !' ' Then you must cease fretting,' he whispered. ' Come, bo bravo. You have been expecting this for weeks. It is better for him tbut it has como.' He placed her in an armchair which stood near the bedside ; then ho went to the bed, placed his fingers on the old man's pulse, and again looked with cold curiosity at tho face. ? The eyes wero now looking straight at him, and ?wero full of recognition. 'Ho has recovered consciousness,' he said, nervously sbrinlrng back. In a moment Marjorio was by the bedside. She clasped the thin hand in both of hers, and gazed tenderly down upon tho old man. As she did so, tho light in his eyes grew softer, and hiB lips moved. 'He is Bpeabing — bo wishes to say eomo thing!' ori d Marjorie, bending loiv that she might catch the words of tho dying man. But the heard nothing. 'What is it, sir?' she asked softly. ' Do you wish to speak? Have you something to say to mo f' The head moved slightly, aB if in assent. 'What is it?' she askod again, aBBhe placed her ear closer to the old man's lips. The heavy breathing continued, but eho oonld not hear a word. ' Oh, it is terrible ! ' she cried, while the laird, still making violent efforts to speak, turned his eyes in piteous entreaty from one face to another. ' What shall I do ?' ' You can do nothing,' said Linne, ' but leave him to die in peace.' ' But he wishes to Bay something, and can not.' ' No,' said Linne ; ' I don't think ho will speak again.' For the eyes were already becoming dim, and were fixed again into that vacant stare. ' Come, Marjorio,' he continued, again placing tho girl in the arm chair, 'thiB is not the sort of scene for you ; but if you will stay you must be reasonable. If you cry eo much you will makoyoursalf ill.' He plaoed himself between the armchair and the bed, eo as to hide the girl's view of tho dying man; but it was unnecessary, for Marjorio's face was buried in her handker chief. For some time no one spoke. Linne was soon lost in his own thoughts, and Mar jorie lay exhausted in the chair. Suddenly both started. Thero was a hur ried footstep on tho stairs, and tho next moment the figure of Wil'ie Macgillvray stood in tho doorway. With a cry of joy Marjorio ran to meet him, but tho old man whojo manner waB full of strango oxui'ement, quickly put her aside, and approached the bed. 'Are ye living, John llossknow?' ho said. ' Tell me are ye living-, and do you hen what it is I Bay?' : The eyes, still fixed and vacant, gave no sign of recognition. ' He lives, but ho doesna hear mn,' said Willie sorrowfully 'Toll mo, Marjorie, my doo, has ho been long liko ibis ?' ' Yes,' unswercd the girl. 'Awhilo ago ho recovered consciousness, and tried to speak to me, but only his lips moved, for I could not hear a Bound. Oh, Mr. Macgillvray, will ho never speak again ?' ' The Lord knows,' answered tho old man, reverently. ' And now leave the room, both of you, for I waot to be with him alono.' Marjorio looked at Linno, who replied, ' I refuse to leave the room, and should liko to know by what right you order me to do to?' . Willie looked at him with a curious expres sion, full of contempt and dislike. 'You craw o'er soon, and you're no' the master yet, young man,' said he, 'But gang your ways ; or if ye will not gang, then stay and welceme.' '? Shall I go, Willie f' asked the girl. 'No, Marjorie,' he answered; 'but keop away from me, lnasie, for I have something to gay to the laird.' Then, bending over tho old man, he said — ' If ye ken who is by ye and who speaki till ye, make a sign.' He watched earnestly, but no xign cam« ; except for tho regular breathing, the man showed no indication of life. Willie thereupon moved from the bedside, and walked excitedly np and down the chamber, muttering to him self. Now and again ho paused, and gave a curious look at tbe young man who stood eo calmly watching the death throes of his kins man. Presently Willie approaohed the bed again ; this time he uttered an exclamation of dolight. Once moro the oyeo were full of iccopnitiin ' Keep back, both of you,' he said; 'ke^p bock. I have something to say to the laird.' He bent low and whispered in the old man's ear. Thtn he looked into the filmy eyes again. 'He kens what it is I'm saying,' cried Willie. ' Thank the Lord he kens.' Butevm as he spoke, the laird uttered a dcert f-igh, and his jaw fell. 'Marjorie, my biirn,' said Willie, nn he reverently bowed his head, ' Bay a prayer if yon can ; the laird is dead.' It was indeed true. As Linne Btepped hoBtily forward and laid his fingers upon the pulie, it censed to bent. ? 'Yes, he is dead,' he repeated, with a sigh of relief. Then he turned nervously away, as if to shut out tflo ghastly sight before him. So the shadow whioh passos from dwelling to dwelling fell upon Liune Castle. Persuaded by Willie, Murjorie was induced to retire to h»r room, where thoroughly exhausted with the fatigue of the night she at last sobbed hcrielf to sleep ; while throughout the house, despite the moving hither and thither of tho servants who wero in attendance on tho budy of the laird, there tviib that hushod silence which ever accompanies death . Y et it was simply the old story over again — ' Le roi ost mort ; vivo le roi !' for while in tho room above the body of the old laird was receiving tho ghastly hon ours of the dead, in the dining-room below stood tho young laird, bin heart expanding with joy at the position ho boliovcd ho had at tained. 'I'm glad it's ovor,' ho said to himself ; 'for at timeB I began to bo afraid tho old man might recover, and so disappoint me after all. And now tho question is, what ami to do? Sell up and be off, or linger here a bit, and live like a country squire? And Marjorie — what is to become of Marjorie? 1 know what I should like to do with her, but. unfortunately, I'm bound hand and foot ? And that reminds me. Mary is to meet me again to-night ; and I muBt keep the tryst, too, or hoaven knows what the little babbling fool may be induced to do if Bho hears of the old man's death. Well, T'vo time to have something to eat, and then I'll slip off ; no one will see. And, suppose they do ? Who has a right to quostion my movements now ? No one. I am master of the situation —absolute master ; only, to avoid a soandal, I must keep tho girl away.' He rang the bell, and assuming a tone of command whioh mado the old servant Btart and stare at him in wonder, ordered a repast to be prepared for him at onco. , ' Stay,' he Baid, as the old man was re ? , tiring. ' How is Miss Marjorie ?' ... 'She's loohit up in her ain room. Mr.' Edward.' ' Well, tell your wifo to remain in atten dance upon her. It is my wish that she should be treated in every way as she waa beforo tho laird died.' 'I'll do as you bid me, Mr. Edward,' said the old man, groaning as ho left tho room. 'And now,' said Linno to himself, whon tho door had olosed und tho old man waB out of hearing, 'Isnppoeo I (hall bo expected to pay another visit upstairs. Well, it isn't a pleasant performance ; but it won't havo to be often repeated, and I may aB well make tho best of it.' Assuming a becoming air of sadness, ho opened tho door and passed quietly up tho Blairs to tho room where hiB unolo was lying. How everything was changed ! Tha room was now in perfeot order ; while tho old man, his grey hair smoothed from his brow, his hands crossed upon his breast, lay like a statue upon tho bed. But bosido tho bed stood Willie Macgillvray, soliloquising aloud. 'It's nil over now, John Mossknow,' he said 'Wo have long expected tho end, und yet 'tis come just a day too soon. Well, the Lord have mercy on ye, if your sins in the pant bring moro niisory on them that survive you ! ' As ye how so shall ye reap,' eaith 'the Lord ; and you havo died a miserable, friendless death, just bb you lived — a miserable, friendless lifo. Aye! aye! aye! There's only one human boing in the world to mourn you.' He looked up, and saw Edward Linne stand ing in the doorway, coldly regarding him. The two men looked at each other with no very amiable eyes. ' I take off my hat with all humility to the new laird,' said Willie, with mock politeness. Taking no notice,, whatever of the speech or tho speaker, Linne came forward, and, stand ing on the other aide of tho bed, gazed for a few minutes at tho corpse. 'Iihe led a strango lifo, ho contracted quos tionable friendships,' ho muttered at last. ' Well, his friends must be free of the castle while ho is here, I Buppnse ; but after that they shall trouble it no more.' Turning on his heel, ho left the loom, and went straight to his own bedroom. 'Heavens! what a ghost I um!' he said, purveying himself in the glass. ' One would think, to look at me, that tho old fellow's death lay at my door. Well, I confess it has been a fatiguing job waiting for it ; but now my penance is done, I can put off sackcloth and ashes and he myself again.' He made a hasty toi et, and descended to the dining- room, where ho found his dinner waiting. After he hid finished his meal, he took tin hat and left tho house unseen by any one. Being Bomewbat late, he walked quickly. When he reached the place of meeting on the seashore, Mnry was nlready thero. the was seated on the rocks, looking out upon tbe sea. Tho moment his eye fell upon her, all his ill- humour returned, so that when, with face aglow, she sprang up to meet him, he put her aside in anger. ' Don't play the fool !' he said. 'I didn't como here lor that.' 'Edward, what is wrong?' Bhs asked, amazed. ' What is wrong ?' he answered, irritubly. 'Nothing is wrong — that is, nothing more than usual. But that is tho way you women always go on if a man isn't eternally making a fool of himself. You begin to cry, anl aBk it' anything is the matter. Well, now, the ques tion is, what am I to do about you ?' The girl did not answer. She could not ; lots choked her throat, and her eyes wero full of tears. ' 1 wieh to hoiven you had remained where jouwere,' ho continued, 'and found me out at a more convenient time ! Bat here you uro, and something must bo done, I suppose. One thing is certain ; you can't hang about th» neighbourhood ; and we can't continue to meet, or people will begin to talk. They always do talk iu these confounded places.' ' Maybe we'll no' hae to wait lang,' said tbe girl. ' They eay the laird is sair spent.' ' Tho laird ? He is dead !' ' Dead !' ' Yes ; he died a few hours ago.' '1 hen you — you are tho laird's heir ?' ' I don't know. YeB, I suppojo so,' answered Linne, with a scowl. ' But you ken weel it's true, Edward. You — you are his only kith and kin : ull tho world kens thut.' ' And what everybody knows must bo true, I Bupposc. Well, yes ; I daresay I am tho Laird of Linne. And what then ?' 'And what then?' answered tho girl, eagerly, ''lhat is a' yo bade me wait for Hae ye forgot your words yestreen ? It's ill wark to rejoice owre the death of tho puir gentleman, but tho Lard kens weel that I have Buffered ; and if I seem a bit glad, Ho will pardon mo. Edward dear, apeak kindly to me, noo that my time o' happiness has come !' But he only scowled angrily. ' Mary,' Baid he, ' I want to speak to you seriously . Will you listen to me ?' ' Ayp. I'll listen,' she said gently. ' AY oil, then, I inuBt tell you — I had better do it now, I would rather not have faced it, but since you are here there is no help for it. Well, then, the laird's death will make no difference to you. I cannot acknowledge you as my wife.' She stared at him blankly for afowmoments; then she repeated his words. 'You oanna acknowledge me as your wife !' 'No; it is iraposiible.' ' But why ? Tell me why ?' 'For a very simple rouson ; you aro not my wife at all !' The wrrdB wero spoken slowly and deliber ately, and while ho spoke them he kept his eyes fixed on the girl's faoe. The tender, tearful look passed away now, and the features hardened. ' Tou ken weel you aro lying to me, Edward Linne 1' sh* said. He shrugged bis shoulders. ' I assure you I Bpeak the truth.' ' Then, tell me this,' answered tho girl. ' If I'm no' your wife, hoo comes it that I hae my marriage lineB?' ' It was a falso marriage,' returned Linne. ' Your marriage liuoa are a waste paper !' He continued, ' I should not have proposed to marry you at all, only you wore a little fool, and forced me to it. Then I made you promise to keep it secret, because I dreaded the truth becoming known. Well, 1 went away. Do yoUjthink, if you had been my wife, I should have left you year after year without a sign ? No, I was too great a onward to tell you the truth ; but I thought the truth would dawn upon you, and th«t I should bo spared the pain of this confewion.' 'You're no' in earnest, Edward,' persisted the girl. ' Think of your words last night.' ' I do think of xhem ; but what of that ? I waB a fool last night, und kept up the old farce because I hadn't tho courage to tell you the truth. But I have thought it over Bince I know that the farce could not he prolonged, and that ?inco you had f-und me, I must face the faots and tell you how matters stood. But don't mis take me, Mary ! I don't want to be unkind to yon. Since your father is dead, you aro not bound to Scotland. I will give you money to tako you to America, and you can begin a new life.' She laughed aloud. 'Begin a new lifo !' Bho said, 'that is sao easy, in it ? You talk o' a now life, Edward Linne ; but can you mend tho auld one ? 0 in you gie me baok tho past and heal the heart you havo broktn ? A' thn years of sorrow that I had. tho i-o thing that comforted and strengthened me wan tho knowledge that I was your wife, that I was an honest lass, and tint, when the day came, I ehould bo able to hold my head amang tho beat. And no 3 you toll mo that I am a sinful, wretched woman, and that my father did riylit when ho diovo mo frao my hamo. May God forgive you, Edward Linne ! M»y God forgive you for tho lee !' Sho turned uway, covered her faco with both her bands, and Bobbed piteously. Ho waited until her grief became more subdued ; then ho Baid : — ' Of course it's hard to loso tho position you have always looked upon as your own ; but it fhall bo made easy to you. I don't wiBh to bo ungenerous. I will supply you with money, and, as I said, you can go uway.' ' I dinna want your monny,' sho said, rifling and turning away. ' What are you going to do ?' ' Dinna ask mo. Wait and see.' ' Mary, Mary !' said Linne, ' look the matter in the faco like a sensible lass. Think o'er what I havo said ; and whon you have made up your mind as to what it will be best for you to do, let me know, and I'll do what I can.' But without a word she turned and left h'm. As she went, he smiled nervously. ' Sho is tho sort of woman who might com ? mit suicide,' ho said. ' Well, since sho is 1 omelo o and friendless, it might bo tho very best thing sho could do !' Ghatieu XVI. — Bibdb op a. FaiTnun. No sooner htd the figure of tho girl disap peared up the heights loading from tho sea shore, than Edward Linne turned to proceed upon his way. As ho did so ho came face to faoo with a min — no other, ind&cd;, than the young strangor from Amorioa. With a scowl he was paecing by, whon tho stranger, with insolent familiarity, laid his hand upon his shouldor. ' Stop a bit ! ' he said ' I want a word or two with yr.u.' Edward Linne looked at him with surprieo. His bold, reckless bearing, his careless freedom of manner wero more strongly emphasised than ever. 'I havo no time to stand talking. I am wanted at the castle.' 'You could spare titie for a flirtation with that pretty lass You can scare a foiv minutes longer for a friend.' Tho words relieved Linno' h mind to somo pxtent, for they seemed to betoken that the speaker know nothing of tho interview which hart just taken place. ' iou are no fiicnd of mino,' he oried im patiently '? I don't know you.' '?Oh yo?, you do,' returned the other. ' We have mot before, and are likely to meet again, I reckon. I thiuk I can ba of servios to you ; for nnlesR my ears havo vreatly de ceived me, you'ro iu a devil of a fix.' ' Mi hat do you mean ?' ' Gi'l in the way Another girl whom you like better waiting for you at the castle.' ' ? you, you've been listening !' cried Linne, taken off his guard. 'Eight you are,' returned the other, laugh ing. 'I always keep my eyes and ears wide open. I learned that out west. Gome, you'd better square mo. I want money, for botween you and me, I'm down to my bottom dollar.' ?'Let me pass,' cried Linne, pushing the other aside. ' AH right !' oried tho other, with a shrug of hiB shouldere. ' If you won't talk, I'll go and have some conversation with your wife !' Furious with rage, Linno turned again and faced his tormentor. 'Whoarevou?' ho askod botween hia set teetb. ' Name, Eoberts — Hungry Jim, they UBed to call mo out in Colorado. Ready to diink, play, or fight with any man. I'd' be as valu able as a special Frovidenco to any man who would make it worth my while.' 'I see, a vagabond! But you have come to the wiong shop if you want assistance.' 'Now, don't you'be adarned fool !' replied tho young man, good-humouredly . 'I know all the ropes of the ship you'ro sailing. Tho old man jb dead, and you'ro in for tho succes sion. Well, that lookB like fair weather. But there's a storm ahead, and if you don't look cut, it'll sink you to the bottom: Yes, sirree !' By this time Linne had recovered his self possession. He looked the speaker from head to foot thoughtfully, aB ho said; 'I am not to be intimidated. Whatever you know it cannot be of much consequence to me. If you listened to that girl's talk, you listened to the talk of a fool.' ' Guees moBt women are fools. What about the other F ' 'What other?' ' The young ludy they call Miss Marjorie. By-tho- by,haB the old gentleman loft her any thing in his will ?' ' His will ! ' repeated Linno, nervously. 'How do you kcow there is any will? ' 'Certain to bo. He waB just tho sort to inakn all tight and square.' ' You aio an impudent rogue,' said Linns. ' You 'talk v«y glibly of things you know nothing about ' ' Think so ?' queried Eoberte, as he called himself, 'Well, I guess you' ru light. I'm aB impudent as brats, and us bold as hell. That's tbe sort of man I am, aud the sort of man you want.' 'Pshaw ! I'm a fool to listen to you !' criod Linne, turning as if to go. ' You'd ho a moHt infernal fool not to listen,' wsr tho retort. ' Como, which is it to be? Peace or war? Mother's milk, or bowio knives? I'm not particular which !' ' What is it you wunt mo to do?' inquired Linue, with a nervous scowl. ' Treat me equare. I -want employmont. Find some for me, niid pay me for it., I don't u sk much, and I'm ready for any job, from carrying off a girl to cutting a throat. I've done mostly everything in my time.' ! Had Edward Linne been a man of moro than average penetration, or a very acute physiogno mist, he would havo perceived thut betwoen thn bold, reckless manner of tho man and his handsome, open countenance, between his almost savage speech and a certain tone of refinement in his voice, there was contradio tion very hard to reconcile Superficially he ceemed, both in manner and in dress, the sort of recklccs backguard of whom Linne hud read in popular mining stories. Examined more closely, ho had a faoo thought ful and even gentle ; blue, kindly eyes, which looked all the bluer by contrast with his freckled sunburnt skin, a high, thoughtful brow, lips without a touch of coarseness— an appearance, in fact, contrasting curiously with hia coarse drees and braggadocio demeanour. But Linne vas no physiognomist, and his knowledge of character was very superficial. He only saw a coarse, mercenary blackmailer, ready to be tho tool of any man who would help him with money ; a folio w who, by nature and by ex perience, was well fitted for any rookleBS deed. 'Humph ! I might moke u?o of you somo how,' ho muttered. ' Where are you Btaying?' ' I'm just loafiDg about till I can got a job,' wob the reply. 'I'll think it over,' said Linno, turning on his heel. ' In tho meantime ? ' ' In the meantime, governor, I'm mum. Don't you bo afraid. Whoorer pals on with Hungry Jim will find him square. Now, sup Eoso you ratify ihii little arrangement by anding mo over a £1 note. Come, that won't break you, now you are tho heir of Lione.' ThuB urged, Linne took from his pooket several orumpled notes, selected one, und handed it to his new acquaintance. ' If I WBnt you, which is not likely, where can 1 find you ?' -r£ Roberts squared his shoulders and showed his white teoth merrily. 'Don't you fret about that,' ho replied. 'I'm like tho universal air, I am, and all round the man who puts me on tho job. Old Nick himself isn't more likely than I am to beat your elbow, whenever you whistle for me.' ' All right,' said Linno, with a nod and a scowl. ' I'll think it over.' This time he did not turn again, but walkod rapidly away. Roberts stood watching him with a curious smile. Then, in a moment, hin whole manner changed, hia face grew sad and clouded, and seating himself on a rook, ho bent forward with his faco betwoen his hands. Presently ho seemed to remember something and drawinir forth tho note which he had received, and which he had thrust carelessly into his waistcoat pocket, he rolled it up into a small bull botwoon fi jger and thumb, and threw it contemptuously away. Then, leaning forward ae bofore, he seemed plunged in gloomy meditation. At last he rose with a sigh, and asoonded the cliff, following tho path taken by Mary. When ho reached the summit ho saw her standing at some distances look down a deop chasm bstwonu tho crags. The moment she saw him she drow hack, and moved rapidly away. Ho immodiatuly ran after her, and being swift as a doer upon his feet, speedily reached her side. She turned and lookod at him, and he saw that her face was pale as death. 'Why dae you follow mo ?' she said. With just a touch of his old swaggering manner, he replied : ' Because I guoss you're in some kind of tronblo. Come, my lass, tins won't do. I saw you looking over tho oliffs yonder, and I know what you wero thinking. Shall I tell you ?' Bho shrank away with a shudder, and put up her hands as if to hide her faoo. 'Ah, I see you know. Now just you listen to me, Mary. Mary's your name, I reokon P You can't mend a big tear by making it wider, and you nan' t oure the hoartaohe by taking a jump into kingdom como. If I'd an enemy who wanted to get rid of mo, darn mo if I wouldn't live on to spite him 1' 'I dinnaken what you mean,' murmurod tho girl, trembling violently. 'Don't say that, Mary — I'm going to oall you, Mary, you see, just like an old friend — for you know well enough, you'ro low in 8j.ii ita, and I'd liko to cheor you up.' ' Nao man can do that,' sho ropHed Badly. 'You seem a kindly lad, but you cannu guesB what trouble I hae to thole, and if you could guess, you couldna mend it. Na, ntt, only one man oan do that!' 'You mean tho heir of Linne? Well, I'll talk to him !' said Eoborts with a smilo. They walked on side by side. Again and again tho girl glanced into his face, as if troubled and terrified. ' It is true tho old laird iB dead?' she said at last. ' Quito true. Ho paBBed away this aftor noon.' ' And Edward — I mean Mr. Edward Linne —5b heir to tho estato?' 'That in not quite certain,' replied Bobeite, carelessly. 'Tnorenmy be a will — indeed, I suspect thero is— and in that case our friend Edward, as you call him, may bo ditinhcritfd, cut off without a solitary dollar.' 11 Then what he said was true,' said Mary, ' and I was wrong to mietruR- him.' 'Havo you been long acquaint ed?' She did not reply, but hastened on. At last, as ho continued to walk by her side, Bho paused and said — ?' What way will yo follow and torment me ? I wish nao company.' ' Tell mo where you ate going ?' ' Backto tho gudawifo at the cottage. I'll bide thero tho night, and tho morn's morn, maybe, I'll gang awa'.' ' Promise me one thing — to lot me try to help jou if you aro in any further trouble.' ' Weel, I'll promise that,' she answered ; ' but nao man can help me noo.' Ho stood still, and suffered her to go. Sho passed woarily across the hillside, pausing once or twice to look baok beforo Bho disap peared. ' The old story, as I Buspeoted !' muttered Eoberts to himself. 'How queorly things repeat themselves in this miserable sham of a world.' (Tolc continued.) 