. TULLIMBAR. Tho annual picnic and distribution of priz-s in H connection with tho -public school to -k place in H Frnzer'a paddock, adjoining tho Yellow Rock i:l Creek, on 21st instant. Notwithstanding that a fl strong westerly gale w,ts blowing, a gond muster 'JS paronts and friends were there to witness tho Sa proceedings. St.il! tho hampers and eases worn equal to the occasion, aud after all had been satisfied a goodly quantity of 'fragments' re mained. Tho display of plain and fancy needle work reflected great credit upon Mrs. Cawdell aiul her pupils. Mrs. Stack and Miss M'Paul acted as judges, and some very nice prizes con sisting of work-boxes, etc., were awarded to tho successful competitors. The distribution of prizes consisting of valuable and suitable books was conducted by Mr. L. ltais n, who expressed his pleasure at the continued success of the school and tho fact that the labors of the teachers (Mr. and Mrs. Cawdell) we;o appreciated in the locality ; urging tho children to a continuance in self-improvement, an f thereby qualify themselves for becoming good and useful citizens. Each boy and girl then received a book suited to their ages, aftor which three heatty cheers woro given for Mr. and Mrs. Cawdell. Oil Saturday, 21st instant, Mr. A. Gornnn, of Albion Park, lost a fine little girl under peculiar circums'ances. It appears that some tliree or four months previously tho deceased, who was about 9 years of ago, was visiting somo friends among whom wero some children about her own age. They, without tlio knowledge of deceased, arranged to play at ghosts, with the result that sho got such a fright as to injure tho nervous system that paralysis supervonod in a short timo, rodticing her to u'tor helplessness, and ultimately, notwithstanding tlio best medical treatment, ending in her death. This should act as a warn ing to llinse having charge of children to see that thoy avoid such dangeoous amusements. . Tlio committeo of the Albion Park A. and H. Association are looking forward to a successful show on the 14 h and 15th of next month, and aro making arrangements accordingly. Addi tional yards, pens, 'etc., are biing provided. Tho publicans' booths were disposed of by Mr. Dymock, Messiv. J. Tate, of Jamberoo, and J. Martin, of Albion Park, being l In purchasers. The two refreshment booths fell to the bid of Mr. Douglas, bakor, of Albion Park. 