SPORTING INTELLIGENCE. The Y.R.C. probably did the State good service on Wednesday (says the Argus) when it adopted tbe new rule about metro politan racing. At each race meeting there must now bo substantial stakes ; one or two good distance events, and no abBurdly short flutters. It was well said that though there may be animals that cannot cover five furlongs at speed, these creatures are not racehorses, and should i not be on a course. At tbe same time, by reducing the suburban radius from the proposed 25 to 20 miles, nearly all tbe bona jide country meeting wnicn were likely to be crushed out have been left upon their old footing. The rule is experimental, and its operation will need to be watched, to see whether or not it should be supplemented. But the desire exhibited for turf reform is a good thing in itself, and we may suppose that if success is not now obtained the V R.C. will try again. Tbe more the matter is reflected upon, tbe more, probably, it will be found tbat the proprietary course stands in a very dif ferent position to tbat of tbe public course, and may need accordingly a special supervision which is not yet provided. One of these institutions is already familiarly talked of as 'a sink of in iquity,' and there always will be tbe danger of the proprietary course becoming simply bring riff-raff together, and where the gentry known in tbe colloquial language of the place, as 'tbe dark division'' and 'the knowing ones'' are more than sus pected of obtaining undue advantages, are not in the interests of horse-racing, as it is desirable horse-racing should bs understood by the people. Syste matic proceedings are possible upon them which could not be indulged in upon tbe old public-owned course, where neither the trustees nor the club had a direct interest in working ut all ways of making money suicidal ways included. The rich and re spectable compauies will by no means object to stringent rules or a stringent in spection of their establishments, nor yet to their number being severely limited, for tbe bhareholders or syndicates must kmw that it is ouly under these conditions of tho sup pression of tbe worst that they can hope for tbe survival of the fittest. The V.R.C. should still he firm about exercising its privilege of closing dubious courses, by ex cluding them from its calendar. Tbe skirt of metropolitan racing bas a muddy fringe, and the cure is a clean cut off. John Gorry, a well-known jockey, was arrested in Geclong last week on a warrant charging bim with having deserted bis illegitimate child at Costertouou 1st March, and was lodged in tbe local lock- up. Gorry was discovered driving the coach between Geelong ond Oceau Grove. When orrested he had in his possession a sum of £1011s, a bank deposit receipt for £100, a silver watch, and other articles of value. It is just 100 years ago, on 28th Febru ary, J78'J,that the famous racehorse Eclipse gave up the ghost. The centenary of that event suggests tbe reflection that in spite of all tbe changes of a century there is at least one English institution which remains essentially unchanged — Tlie Turf. The Muoris have played 74 matches in England, of which they have won 48, lost 20, and drawn 6, gaining 88 goals aud 11 tries against their opponents' 40 goals 02 tries. 