RUTHERGLEN. (FBOM OUB OWN COBRESPONDENT.) The weather is once more fine. Tbe heavy downfall of rain of last Thursday night registered 105 points from sundown until sunrise. Several culverts were washed away. The reservoir has now 13ft. 6in. of water, and running out of the by-wash for the first time since it was built, which is about 13 years, and is a sheet of water large enough to run a pleasure boat. Perhaps the Government, who are about to seize the park, and in which the reservoir is situated, will run a boat for tbe purpose of raising money doe for interest. A very sad and sudden death occurred on Sunday night last to a man named Con. Hourigan, who was working at the Gooramadda station. Hourigan was in Butherglen on Sunday morning, and then went to see some friends out of the town in the afternoon. During the day the unfortunate man had taken too much drink. Two of his working mates met him in tbe evening, all three being mounted on horseback. They tried to get him home, lifting him on the horse several times, Hourigan either falling or throwing himself off each time. The last fall occurred about 11 o'clock at night, when he refused to be put on again His mates left him on dry ground 8nd went home. Hourigan not coming home through the night, they went for him on Monday morning about 7 o'clock, when their surprise can be better imagined than*explained when they found him lying in about six inches of water dead. Information was immediately given to the police, who had the body removed to Butherglen, where an inquiry is being held, but at' the time of writing was not finished. Tho residents of our little town were Bomewhat surprised on Tuesday morning when it was made known that a burglary had been committed. The store of Messrs. Ilich and Barber had the front door broken in. The till was found, and £4 odd taken therefrom. Cheqnea *rere, however, left behind. As this is the first robbery of the kind that has taken nlace for pome time it was soon town talk. It "is to bo hoped the police will soon run the thief or thieves down, and have an example made of them- Like all other towns we havo a few funny (logs in ours. The other night one of them went to p'ay the game of ghost on a frieud whom be thought to frighten. His friend, however, dropped to the little game of a man under a sheet, and crept out the back door with B slick in hand, and surprised the ghost, who soon tried to make himself known ; but it was jio good. The chaBtiser walked round the ghost like a cooper round a cask. The same premises are not likely to be visited by a town ghost again. The football match on onr ground last Saturday between the Border United and Butherglen came off under very unfavorable circumstances, the ground being too wet for good play. Tbe result was, however, a draw, neither side scoring a goal. The locals had a large majority of behinds and tbe best of the game all through. Tbe same clubs meet next Saturday (to-morrow) on the border ground. 