"Trix." [WRITTEN FOR THE QUEENSLANDER.] CHAPTER I. BY H.M. GARRAWAY ("A.N.C."). "Now, Trix, my darling, here comes the train, so give me one more hug, and good-bye," said Mr. Dundas to his little daughter. The hug was given with the fervour of a young bear, as the train rushed puffing and panting breathlessly into the station, and when it had ootne to a standstill beside the platform Mr. Dundas put Trix into a luxurious first-class carriage, which blio had all to herself.. Her fathor securely fastened the door and Btood by it, hurriedly giving Trix a few lost injunctions. "Don't lean out of window," he said, "and don't move when the train stops. I have put you iv ohargo of tho guard, so ask him for anything you want when he comes to eeo how you're getting on. My friend Mr. Harris, whom you know, will meet you when you arrive in London and put you 6afoly in another train for Ilillandvalo, where Aunt Augusta lives. All you have to do is to bo good and obedient. There's the whistle—ugh, what a screeching it make? !—now you're otf. Havo you got your sandwiches ': That's right. Oood byo, darliui,'." And thou, with renewed putting and panting and fizzing, away steamed the train out of the quiet little Devonshire station, while Trix, clean forgetting her father's warning not to lean out of window, stretched her small.body out as far as sho oould to catoh a last glimpse of him as he stood on the platform enveloped in a cloud of gray steam. "Good-bye, papa," shouted Trix as she frantically waved her little covered basket which contained tho sandwiches. Then, as the train sped on faster and faster through the lovely oountry of Devon looking its loveliest in the early summer morning's sunshine, Trix, suddenly recollecting hor father's injunction, drew in her head and curled herself up in a corner with mingled feelings of sadness, awe, and excite ment, as she realised that she was on the first stage of her journey whioh was to end with Aunt Augusta. And then Trix gripped the handle of he» basket very hard, and her dark eyes which always were big, and generally full of fun and mischief, grew bigger with sudden fright, and full of tears. " I won't be a baby, and I won't be—l am not— a bit frightened of that old Aunt Augusta !" Said Trix defiantly to herself, and she rubbed her oyes very hard with a tiny blue-bordered pocket - handkerchief. After whioh she occupied herself with watching the surround ing oountry as it flew past. She longed in tensely to take off her hat and lean out of the window, so that the strong fresh air might rush coolly against her faoe, and blow through her short curls; but, though there was no one to know or tell of her disobedience were she to do so, Trix resisted the temptation. And now, before going any farther on her journey with Trix, I must tell you who Aunt Augusta is, and the reason of Trix's departure from her own home to that of this lady. Miss Augusta Dundas was Trix's father's aunt, and consequently the great aunt of my little heroine. Mr. Dundas had been left an orphan when quite a little boy and had been brought up by Aunt Augusta, who, though outwardly }>roud and cold and stern, had a kind heart, and oved her nephew very dearly. But when he married Trix's mother Aunt Augusta was deeply offended and said many cruel and unjust things in bitter anger, because she had wished her nephew to marry another young lady whom he did not care for in the least. And so Aunt Augusta said she would never forgive him and would never see him again. But, a few years after, when Trix's poor pretty young mother was dead, Miss Dundas wrote begging her nephew to forgive and forget the past and return to her, bringing his baby daughter with him. Mr. Dundas had coldly replied that it was too late then, and that what she asked was impossible. So from that day until the time my Btory opens Aunt Augusta had lived all alone year after year in her silent old home far away in the oountry, caring little for anybody's friendship, and feeling herself old, lonely, and unloved. Poor Aunt Augusta! but it had been her own fault in the first place. She often thought and wondered about the little uiece so far away in her Devonshire homo, whose birth she had seen in the papers, but of whom she knew nothing—not even her name. She little thought that her own name was one of dread and fear to this same little niece, yet suoh was the case. Poor motherless little Trix had always been left in charge of servants, as her father was engaged in business which took him abroad seven or eight mouths in the year, and as far back as she oould remember Trix had always been told that if she was naughty " Aunt Augusta would have her." Sometimes the child was petted and bribed into being irood, and foolishly indulged; and sometimes she was punished with severity and injustice, or threatened with Aunt Augusta. Trix had an idea that this terrible aunt was a kind of female dragon who dwelt in a gloomy cavern underground, taking the air at midnight on a fiery flying broomstick, but always, wherever Bhe might be, waiting in readiness to pounce upon Trix and bear her off if she did not obey nurse's commands. One day Trix summoned up courage to question her father as to this fearful old witch, and implored him not to let Aunt Augusta get hold of her. Mr. Dundas gently explained to the child that Aunt Augusta was an ordinary and harmless elderly lady who lived quietly in her own home " 'over the hills and far away,' and knows nothing of you whatever. You will hear no more of Aunt Augusta, and neither do I desire to do so," said her father. And ho spoke to Trix's nurse in deep displeasure on the subject. Therefore the name of Aunt Augusta died into mysterious silence for some timo. But though as Trix grew older she grew wiser on the subject of witches, broomsticks, &c;, she could never think of Aunt Augusta without a thrill of half-enjoyablo fear, suoh as one feels when listening to a good ghost story. Aa I said before, Mr. Dundas was nearly always absent from home, but when he did return on a brief visit Trix was in grost delight, always looking eagerly forward to his arrival, and hardly moving from his side during his stay. One day when Trix was about eight years old her father came home quite unex pectedly, intending to give his little girl a joyful surprise. When he arrived at the house it seemed quite deserted, so after a little time he strolled out and down the village. Without noticing them he passed a group of ragged, grubby, noisy, little youngsters playing together very happily, when suddenly he heard a ringing joyouß shout of " There's ray papa!" and up rushed the raggedest, grubbiest, and noisiest of the children and sprang into his arms—it was Trix, with her little dark rosy faco radiant with delight. "What on earth are you doing here with all tho tag-rag and bobtail of the village 1'" askod Mr. Dundas in astonished disgust. *' Playing hop-sootch. Did you ever play hop- scotch, papa?" said Trix eagerly. Mr. Dundas promptly bore his daughter home, and ou making stern inquiries as to why she had been thus neglected found that her govorness had gono to a pionio and her nurse was out for a holiday in town. When the latter returned, alio said in self-defence that Miss Trix was "that self-willed and mus cheov-us" that she r.ould do nothing with her, ho that she, nurse, might as well be away as at home. The governess's words were to tho same offeot, and so Mr. Dundas had gravely to con sider what waß to he dono with Trix. He did not. approvo of boardiiig-Kihoolw for girl*, and ho know of no lady who would Uko chur^e of h*r. And then the idea flashed into hia head of sending Trix to Aunt Augusta until he oould settle down at home himself. Accordingly, after much consideration, he wrote a very stiff letter to Miss Dundas telling ber how matters were. Of course he had to swallow a big lump of pride in thus writing, but ho could see no other way out of the difficulty. No letter came in reply, only a telegram saying, "The child oan oome: wire when I am to expeot to her." Mr. Dundaß felt very angry at suoh 000 l treatment, as he thought it; how ever, he bottled up hi 9 feelings and ordered Trix's things to be got ready for her departure as Boon as possible. I leave you to imagine the scene that took place when Trix was told that she was actually to be handed over to Aunt Augusta's awful clutohes at last! And so, at length, this brings me baok to the day of Trix's departure. She was weary with sitting still through all the long journey; hungry in spite of having eaten her substantial pile of sandwiches to tbe last crumb: and very flushed and hot when, at last, early in the afternoon tho trsin arrived in London. And here Trix was met by her father's friend, whom she had seen once or twice before at home. " Well, Trixie," he said, lifting her out of the railway carriage, " and how do you like travelling out into the world all alone r" " Oh, I don't like it: I'm going to Aunt Augusta, you know." " Yes, but never mind, she won't eat you," laughed Mr. Harris as he led the child through the bewildering din and bustle of the great London station. "We will go to the refreshment rooms," he continued. "Your next train to Hillandvale will not start for nearly an hour." In the refreshment-room Trix partook of an enormous pork-pie, and some lemonade, provided for her by Mr. Harris, who, after talking to her for a little time, went out to> rak to a friend, bidding Trix remain where was until he returned. After he had de parted Trix's eyeß roved around the room in search of objects of interest, and her attention was soon attracted by one of the smart "young ladies" who served behind the buffet. She was holding a poor dingy little black-and-white kitten in her arms, while a youog man in a very high stiff collar kept applying a bottle of smelling salts to the unfortunate little cat's nose. It afforded them the greatest amuse ment to see its struggles and hear its piteous mews, while its tiny pink nose beoamo quite inflamed with sneezing from tho strength of the salts. Trix loved animals, especially little playful furry kittens, and no sooner did she understand what was going on than up sbe started with a fast-beating heart and in dignantly flashing eyes, and marching up to the buffet said imperiously to tho "yonng lady," "Please give me that kitten." The girl stared, and hesitated a moment, thon said, "Do you want to keep it ?" " Yes, please," answered Trix boldly. " Membah of the—er— Humane Sassiety," drawled the young man, putting on his eye- glass to stare at the child. " Here you are then; mind you're kind to my dear little pussy," said the girl mockingly. And Trix took the littlo animal without v word and returned to her seat. She then soothed and petted pussy and put it tenderly into her now empty basket, where it curled up quite contentedly. Mr. Harris now returned to Trix, saying, " Come along, little one, your train will start in five minutes." 8o H with the basket contain ing her kitten in her hand, Trix followed Mr. Harris on to the platform, where ho put her into a railway carriage in whioh two or three more passengers had already taken their seats. " You won't have to change again," said Mr. Harris, " and at the station at Hillandvale you will be met by your aunt." Trix's heart sank, and Mr. Harris oould not help smiling at her woe-begone expression. Suddenly she brightened up and cried, "Oh, I don't mind so much now, because I have got a dear littlo pussy." "A cat!" exclaimed Mr. Harris, but just then the train started and he could only wave good-bye. London, with its cease less noise and hurry, and its smoky atmosphere, was soon left behind as the train sped on again into the beautiful green and peaceful country. The afternoon sun beat warmly, though Boftly, through the drawn curtains of the oarriago window, and tbe noise made by the motion of the train changed to a drowsy monotonous tune, the result of which was that Trix, like little 80-peep, " fell fast asleep," and "when she awoke" she was being lifted out of the train by a porter, and the next minute soft arms were folded round her, while a clear low voice murmured tenderly, "My poor little niece, how very Tory tired she is!" [to bb continued. J Tho Bell Mountain, or Jobel Nagous, is situated on the Gulf of Suez, about four and a half hours' journey from Tor. Tho name i« given to it by the Bedaween, because tho sands covering its north-west extremity emit a musical souud when agitated by the wind or by the steps of man. Mr. H. Carrington Bolton, of New York, recently visited the mountain, which is about three miles long and 1200ft. high. The sand is of a yellow colour, and is curiously mobile; and when disturbed the note it gives out resembles the bass of an organ. The volume of sound, of course, depends on tbe quantity of sound in motion; and it is said to resemble the rumbling of dis tant thunder on occasions. Mr. Bolton has discovered that the phenomenon is by no means unique in the desert of Sinai. There is another Nagous in the Wadi Werdan, about fivo minutes' walk from tho caravan trail. It is called Ramadan by the Bedaween, uud formß the end of a obain of lulls about a qunrtor of a mile long. The sand upon it producos the same low note as the Jobel Nagous, but uot as strongly. It could, however, be heard at a distance of 100ft., the sand being disturbed by tho hands only. Tbe phenomenon of the Rigli-rawan, north of Cabul, is probably of the same nature. It may bo added that the new discovery of Mr. Bolton haa seriously shaken tho faith of the Beda ween in tho legend that a monastery was buried in the heart of tho Jebel Nuirou-, and that it was the bell or troni; whioh thoy heard on pnsaiug by tho mountain. Novelist Dickens'* third non, Heury Firld ing Dickens, is a successful lawyer in |Eag-> land. 