GEEAT BRITAIN. THE CAEDINAL AECHBISHOP ON THE TEMPOEAL POWEE. At the pro-Cathedral, Kensington, Pontifical High Mass was sung on Sunday, 6th October, by the Bishop of Amycla. The music was taken principally from Gounod's Troisieme Messe Solennelle. Cardinal Manning presided at the function, and after the recent allocution of Leo XIII. on the Giordano Bruno incident had been read by one of the clergy, his Eminence delivered a short discourse on the Temporal Power of the Pope. The Cardinal spoke with an unusually clear voice, and was eagerly listened to by the crowded congregation. The Cardinal said:— The first condition of the Temporal Power is absolute independence for the Vicar of Christ—that he should be subjected to no power under heaven, save God only, that he should have absolute independence, that he should never be, as he has never been, subjected to any national sovereignty. He is, and he has always been, extra-national; and if extranational he cannot be subjected to any power. From the fourth century to the year 800 the Eoman Pontiffs exercised the only sovereignty that protected and guarded and civilised Eome, when it was forsaken and abandoned by the visitation of God. In the year 800, and from that down to 1800—that is one long period of 1000 years—the Vicar of our Lord has exercised, a true, proper, and complete sovereignty over the city of Eome. At the beginning of this century, at least something like a decade before the century actually opened, began that anti-Christian revolution which from that hour to this has been in perpetual conflict with the Church, until it crowned its sacrilege on 20th September, 1870, when, by force and bloodshed, it entered and usurped the sovereignty of the Vicar of Christ in the Holy City. Secondly, the Temporal Power invests the Holy Father also with the Bupreme duty of guiding the whole Christian world in the way of God's truth and law. From the reasons which justified this declaration his Eminence drew the conclusion that what we call the Temporal Power is. this—It is the Spiritual Power of the Pope in its application to material things. It was not the merest accident that the providence of God should have given to the Vicar of our Lord on earth a city wherein to dwell and a territory, as it came to pass,- immediately surrounding it. " I may sum up the matter in these words: God created the Church, and the Church created the Christian world. The Church is the creation of Divine and supernatural power; the Christian world is the creation of the power of-the Church under the guidance of Divine Providence. A wise man had put it thus—' The history of civilisation is the history of Christianity,: and the history of Chris tianity is the history of the Christian Church, and the history of the Christian Church, is the history of the supreme! pontiffs, the heads who have ruled it and! guided • it—the greatest legislators andj rulers that the world has ever seen."'; Lastly, the supreme power of the Papacy; is the keystone to the arch; What the keystone is to the arch, that the supreme: authority iB to the Christian world. The Christian world was created by the unity of faith, and the unity of law, and the unity of authority. And faith and law and unity are embodiedin that one person who is the head of all the source of missionary power, to preach the truth and to: expound the law and to exercise authority. How, then, are we to estimate the character of that act of 20th 'September, 1870, which was celebrated on: 20th September'' list by rejoicing "and. festivalinthe city of Eome.l 1 It' was a robbery e^bompllshed iy violence, by arms, and by bloodshed. It was a usurps, tion, because it deposed as far as man can depose—and man must fail ultimately and utterly—to depose the Vicar of our Lord. In the Stealing of the city of Eome was committed the most complex and complete and universal sacrilege that the world has ever witnessed. Eome never was the capital of Italy. It was never , the capital of one nation. It has ever been the capital of Christendom, of the whole universal Church of God. Moreover, the act was a suicide. Strike* the keystone of the arch and all that rests on it is ruined. I have no hesitation in saying that the anti- Christian revolution of the world, which has been in this last century continually rising and multiplying, attained its success on the day when it usurped the possession of the Vicar of Christ in the Eternal City. In that day it struck the keystone from the arch which from year to year las been crumbling, and unless the hand of Divine Providence averts it by a miracle, I see nothing before us but the wreck of the Christian world, and I may say the wreck of human life. The world at this moment has lost the moral supremacy which governed it in the early Christian days when Christianity was a vital force. The world at the present moment is under the dominion of material force. There are from twelve to fifty millions armed men gazing in jealousy and fear at each other faces. People talk of disarmament. Disarmament is a mere rhetorical figure. There was never, from the beginning of the world, such a collection of unimaginable powers of mutual destruction. Science has come in to enable men to form modes of mutual destruction, unequalled in their murderous power from the beginning of the world. We must not look for disarmament. No; the mines are dug and the trains are laid in the east and west, in the north and in the south, and God alone knows when that outburst of mutual destruction shall take place. Unless it be averted by the hand of God, no man, no European concert, no diplomacy can avert it. I know not," concluded his Eminence, " what may befall the stones and bricks of Eome; but one thing I do know, the Government of Jesus Christ shall not be transferred to any people, for the Holy Ghost, speaking of His kingdom, said it shall have no end."—Tablet, 