Over tUc Cluck. TUESDAY'S SITTING. At throo o'olook tho Spoakor antorod tho Chambor and took tho ohalr, and tho ordinary business wan proocodod with. Mr. Hyno pnt throo questions to tho Ministor for Railways, bat that gontloman in nn oxtromoly offonelvo mannor said " ho copld not answer thorn." At a oonvonient or- opportunity Mr. Hyno moved tho adjourn ment of tho Houbo and rosontod tlio way ho had been treated, insulted ho might say, by tho Minister for Railways. Ho doollnod to allow lumBOlf or his ooustituonoy to bo snubbod by any Ministor. Ho represented a largo oonstituonoy, and ho would havo both himBolf and, his oonstituonts treated with re- snoot, or ho wonld know thoroason why. Air. Nolson, in a more mlldor tono than that ho had proviooBly nsod, replied that ho hnd no intention of iusultlng tho lion, gontloman. Thon Mr. Annoar roBo nnd gavo a most amusing account of a banquot givon to tho Ministor for Itailnoys at Alaryborough, at whioh tho Miniator, whon ovorfiowing with ehampagno. proniiflod all sorts of good things to tho pooplo of Alaryborough. "Whoro aro thoy ? askod Mr. Anncar. " Evaporated liko tho champagne " chimed in an hon. moinbor. Thon other qnostions wero debated, nnd at longth tho motion for again going into Coinmittoo of Supply was movod by Air. Alaoroflsan. Mr. Groom thon roBO, aud in a lougtby spocoh ropliod to tho remarks of Mr. Nolson regarding him on tho previous ovon- Ing. Mr. Nolson had iudulgoa in adulation of tho lato Spoakor of tho Assombly, and said "bo (Air. ureom) had moro constitutional law in his littlo flngor than Sir S. W. Griffith had in his two thighs," and that tho lato 8poakor had often dlfforod with tho lato Prornior on constitutional questions. Mr. Groom oxplainod tho points of difforonoo, ami gavo a vory intorosting rosunio of oouBtltn- tional praotico, and affordod information that possibly may bo nsofnl in tlio future, but re- pndlotod tho Idea that ho ovor considered his opinion, on a question of constitutional law, suporior to that of tho Loador of tho Opposi tion. Tho llouso thon wont Into Comralttoo of Supply. Tho Chairman (Mr. Palmor not ing for Mr. Josflop), pnt tho qnostion that ho loavo tho oiiair and roport no progress. That's not tho quostion said Sir 8. W. Griflith, yon mast put tho original qnostion. Mr. Mnorossnn took tlio oontrary viow and maintalnod that tho chairman had put tho oarroot quostion. Air. Groom said thoorlglnal quostion should havo boon put from tho ohair. Tho preBOUt dlilloulty illustrated what ho had said tho othor ovoning— that tho praotioo of tho Houso of Commons and tho praotioo of tho loglRla- turoB in tho ndjoining oolonios should bo fol lowed in oasos of that kind. It sorvod to show tho inoonvonionoo that nroRo from disturbing a continuous sitting. DiflloultioB of that sort would ariso until tlioy adopted tho rules nnd forms of nrooodaro adopted iu tho othor oolonios anu in England. Unfortunatoly thoy hnd adopted tho system of twonty-fivo years back, instead of tlio morn modorn ono. It was anothor illoutration as tho Loador of tho Op position had pointed out tho othor night, that a continuous sitting should not bo dis turbed. Tho Ministor for Alines nnd Works : Wo eball havo to alter our rules. Air. Groom said thoy would not havo to alter thoir rulos at all. Thoir Standing Ordors provldod that wbon thoir Standiug Ordors did not apply thoy should follow tho praotioo laid down In tho Btaodlng Ordors of tho Houso of Commons in oxistcnco at tho timo thoir Stand ing Ordors hnd como into forco. Undoubtedly thoy had now entered upon a now sitting, bocauso tho motion put by tho Spoakor — that tho Houso go into Committee of Supply— nau boon cnrriou, ana tno uuairman 01 uom- miltoos was now in his plaao, and oodho- Saontly tho original quostion should bo put by 10 Chairman. Tho Acting Chairman said tho quoBtion was an amomlmont on tho original qnoatiou. Sir S. W. Griffith : No. Mr. Groom Bald tho motion saporeodod tho original question, and if It woro carrlod it dis poned of tho original qnostion. Tho Aotlng Chairman said tho quostion appeared to bo an amondmont, last ah If thoy woro to movo a reduction in tho voto. Tho question now was whothor tho original motion should bo put, or whothor tho Inst amondmont boforo tho Committoo whon tho Spoakor had takon tho ohair should bo put. Air. Groom said ho would point out that tho motion, " That tho Chairman do not loavo tho ohair," or " That tho Chairman roport no progroBB," RUporflodod tho original quostion. It was not an amondmout, aud if onrricd in tho aillrmativo it wonld disposo of tho original motion, bub tho original motion could not bo disturbed oxcopfc by moving a raduotlon in tho vote, or rejecting it nltogothor ; but tho quostion put by tho Chairman was not an amondmont on tlio original quostion. Ho did not know what hon. mombor had movod tho motion tho Chairman had put, bat that quos tion, whioh suporsodod tho original quostion, hnd lapsod whon tho last sitting of tho Com mittoo ceased by tho Spoakor taking tho ohair. Tho ban. gontloman loading tho Houbo having movod an ontiraly difforont quoBtion— That tho Spoakor do now foavo tho chair, and tho Houso reaolvo itsolf into tv Commiitoo of Snpnly —constituted a now sitting, and It was tbo duty of tbo Chairman to pnt tho original qaoriion. Tho Aotlng Chairman then put tho original quostion. whoroapoa Air. Barlow movod that tho Chairman loavo tho ohair. Mr. Groom thon vindicated tbo momory of tho late Air. AIUos, from cortain rofloations whioh had boon oast upon thodoooasod gontloman, by remarks mado by tho Alimster for Railways In connec tion with cortain improvements mado at tho Toowoomba railway station. Mr. Tozor thon roHumod real Rtounwalling and mado a moBb humorous epoooh with wbioh ho continued until six o'olook. Whon tho Chairman took tho ohalr at sovon n'nlnnU thn nnllnvlna ur/irn nrftlVflnrl anil IiaPtllv standing room could bo obtained. Mr StovonR, tho mombor for tho Logan, who claims to bo an indopondont mombor, gave his reason for supporting tho Govornmont. Thoreupon Sir 8. W. Griffith said it was interesting to hoar ono hon. mombor on tho othor sido attempting to find somo reason for voting for that proposal. At proRCot tho arguments woro alt on ono sido, and on tbo othor thoro was obstinaoy. Somo ono had blundered, and tlio bumaosB of tho Govorn mont supporters was to obey, and thoy woro oboying. "Thoirsnot to roanon why, Thoirs not to mako reply. Thoirs but to do or dio. That woh not tho principle upon which parlia- montary Rovornmont was carried on, or any govornmont oxoopt dospotlsm. Iho principle of despotism waB that ono noraou doorood what should bo dono, and if ho had a auiu- oiont force at his command to cnablo his dooroo to lio oxocutod. That was tho stato of things ondoavonrod to bo instituted by tho Govornmont. Ono person without Buffioiont oonKidoration, and in total ignorance of .tho propoial ho was making, doorood that some thing was to bo dono, und found a narabor of othor porsons who conooivod it to bo thoir duty to givo effcot to hi» docrcos. That was not constitutional government; bat it was tho only reason hon. members opposite could givo for their action ; and thoy said that if thoy did not oboy tho decrees of tho Govorn mont thoy would bo concoding something to the Opposition, and allowing thorn a volcoin tho govornmont of tbo country, which was contrary to tho Constitution. How many poworful Governments had had to abondou moro important measures than tho ques tion boforo tho Committee? Hod not tho SaliHhury Govornmont, with thoir poworful majority, withdrawn tho Titlios DIU, because thoro was a strong opposition to it, and there was not timo to aisonss tho nroposod amend ments? Thoro was not tho slightest humilia tion in doing thnt, nnd thoro would bo no humiliation In tho, Govormnout of this colony admitting thnt thoy hnd mado a iniatnko in that XI, 900, 0U0 voto. But through tho pare obstinaoy of ono man tho loglHinturo of tbo oolony was to bo dragged through tho mire rathor than ho would admit that no had mado nmistako." Thon Air. Arohor, tho Tory of tho Torios and who bcliovon that tho squatters Hhonld ovor ruto Australia, attempted to looturo tlio Loador of tho Opposition, and to dofond tho unconstitutional aotion of tho Ministry, bat tho Annt Sally ho sot up wob speedily knocked down. Sir 8. W. Griffith said ho had novor known tho opinions of tho hen. mombor for Bookhampton to bo ohnngod bv argumont. Tho objeotion to tho proposal of tho Govornmont was that tho Committoo woro askod to voto a million of monoy for nurposos to bo dotortninod in a fuVro session. If that mouoy was votod an propoflod, any sum out of tho XI, 000.000, say, XJ50.000, might bo sot down for a lino for nn olootorato whoro an olootion was about to tako plnco, nnd inombors might bo invitod, when tho vote oamo on for oooHidorntion, to oxoroino their ownjudgmont in regard to it, and tlio pro- poRal bo nogntivod in thnt way. Thon tho samo monoy oould bo nred in tho entno way for anothor olootorato whon nn olootion was ponding thoro, (just as a pioao of ohooso in a rat trap is usod ovor and avor again to oatch rats, intorjoctod Mr. Barlow.) " Yea." con tinued Sir 3. W. Griffith, "just as tho samo pioco of ohooso may bo upcd to catoh any nnmbor of rate, (ltoars nf laughter.) Tlio sum oould bo nsod for bribory for ovor, or nntll an indignant, bonost country swept away tho sjatora ana tho mon that introdnood It." Tho stooowaliiug again aommonoad. Mr. Rutlodgo spoko for ovor an hour making a really effootivo dolivoranco, and proving by tho most oonolasivo arguments tho unconsti tutional attitude of tho Govornmont. A division was now takon by way of a ohango and as tho Govornmont hnd to sit on tho loft of tho ohair wliilo tlio division was takon thoy took forciblo poasossion of tho soots of tho Opposition, whon tho Govornmont party eroBsod over thoy took tip thoir bods and pillows and aarriod thorn with thorn. Tho saono was ludicrous in tho oxtromo and hotter that could bo soon in any oirous or oomlo theatre. Tho AlinlRteriafista had reooivod ordors not to spoak, and tho ordor was religiously oboyod. " Thoir's but to do or dto." Whon tho division was ondod Mr. Annoar took up tho running, and for throo quarters of an hour mado a forolblo but vory amusing spoooh. At a quarter to 12 tho acting Chair man said ho would resume tlio chair at ono o'olook. Whon ono o'olook arrived, Air. Jo8oop roRumod tho ohair and Mr. Isambort oommonood proooodings. In doop sopulobral toQos ho oxoiaimod 1— " Tis now tho bowltohing hour Whon tho ghost and goblins ramblo." And thon proaoodod to dolivor a highly In- tollootual loatnro to tho Chairman. Moautlmo tho AlinlstarialUt's dosoribod, brought out pillows and ovorooats anilturnodtho Assombly into a sixponny boarding houso. And this in- dignifiad buffoonery— this parody upou respon sible Govornmont— was koptiyi uutil tho hour for breakfast arrived. DAieions on tho alternative inotious proposod woro takon again and again, points of ordor woro raiRod, bantor was Indulged in ami thus tho timo passod woarily away. At ton o'olook Air. Tozor mado another . of his brilliant orations, and continued until half- past olovoo whon » division took plaoo by way of diver sion. Thon Mr. Barlow, as 000I as a ououiu- bor roso and with pogfoot plaoidity and oalm- noss oommonood a splondid stonowalling sncoob ; and thus tho timo passod until twolvo o alook whon Mr. Jossop announood ho would resamo tho ohalr at a quarter past two. 