A Bush Idyl. We have received a copy of verses entitled *' A Bush Idyl,' by Kenneth Mackay (Edwards, Dunlop, and Co., Sydney;, the perusal of which affords a pleasing relief to* the dull monotony of the unhappily accustomed versifier. Mr. Mackay is already known as the author of ' Stirrup Jingles,' a collection of pieces which have a good deal of honest colour in them, although the lesson set by Adam Lindsey Gordon is rather too closely followed. But in this 'Hush I dyi' the writer makes a new departure. He gives' us a really poetical and certainly very pleasant picture of the perfect woman of ordinary bush life— no over strained impossible type, but a study of pure womanhood of a kind which readers of this little book will fain believe is not too uncommon in the domestic life of Australia. The story ttiat runs through the poem like a thread is simple enough ; eo much so, indeed, as scarcely to merit the name of a story. But the writer's aim has evidently been to present a character portrait, and in thi6 he has suc ceeded to such an extent as to largely satisfy even the critical reader. It is the pen -portrait of ' A woman girt with tender homelike charms. Upon whose forehead truth had set its teal,' aud round the simple tale of this true woman's daily life there is wreathed a scroll of descriptive passages, replete with effortless but effective word-pictures of the everyday life of the bush, and its incidental caractere and colour, — of glad dayp, ?' When round the blazing logs the stockmen sal, And told the tales (if cattle, cam]), and yard ; When wrinkled miners drew a thread of gold Across the stirrinp legends of the pnst ; And, weary with the dull dead miles of bush, 'i'he squatter came to taste the joys of home, And listening to this politic lady's voice Call back the ghosts of long-forgotten years.' These last three lines carry a volume of local colour in themselves. Further on we get descriptions — *' when the horn of plenty ceased its now ' — of such times as when ' The drought-fiend lapped with thirsty, sun-pa rched tongue Each spring and tank, and sucked with ghoul-like lips ^# The very lite-blood from the cracking soil ; Fire ciiue to blacken earth and mar the sky With charred and sable token* of his wrath,— Unditnmed by miles of smoke, his savage eyes Gicamed like the outposts of the gates of hell; Loud o'er tlic fall of forests rang his laugh As nature writhed beneath his molten breath ; High in mid-air the waiting eagle swung And watched with scornful eye man's futile fight To save his scorching flocks.' And 60 on through a long passage, every line of which is a strong stroke of artistic power. It is at such a time as this that those ' who with wine-stained lips had bid him hold their lives and fortunes at his beck aud call' forgot their venal vows of friendship, and turned from the ruined husband ; but she, the woman of this tale, ' Place i her hand within his own And whispered, ? We will up and face the storm,' ' and, in a noble spirit of true womanliness, stood between him and despair all through the long struggles of adversity, until at length, ' E'en gaunt misfortune turned its chargers' heads As though at last it wearied of a road Where those it bruised rose ever and again To front the onset of its cruel wheels.' Inthi- 'Bush Idyl' Mr. Mackay has given us a characteristically Australian poem. It is virile and healthy in its tone, its colour is true, and the treatment of its happily chosen subject highly artistic. It is not. often we get such manly and heartfelt work from an Australian writer, and though there is no straining aftereffect here, the result is clear and strongly defined. For there is nothing priggish about Mr. Mackay' s style in this poem, and nothing impertinently self-assertive, as so many writers of local verse seem to feel themselves called upon to be. His conception of a simple type — classic in its simplicity, indeed — is put with an equally simple direct ness thai wins the reader almost before he is aware. On the whole, this ' Bush Idyl ' is certainly a re freshing piece of literary work. Another passage from the poem will bear quoting, not only for its intrinsic merit, but because it throws light on the writer's con ception of his subject. 'It is a parenthetical apostrophe, and rum thus— ' Oh ! woman standing on the vasty shore Of old Creation's youngest, fairest son ! Te breathe a free-born air that yet will swell The lun-rs of millions and the sails of fleets — A God-like task is yours, for from your loins Must spring the builders of a mighty race. And Austral's founders at your knees must learn The precepts that will make or mar their work. Each nation that has left its name enrolled Upon the scroll of fame, has also left This record : When its sons had hero souls. Its women's lives were plain as they were pure, Uut later, when enriched with rifled -worlds These nations fell before barbarian foes, It was because the sons by weaklings born Could not withstand the cubs of sturdy dams. Therefore, ye mothers of our future nice. So shape your lives that in the years to come The world may mark your sons as valiant men : ' The worst that can be said in the way of criticism about this is, perhaps, that it reads too much like prose broken up into metrical lines. The same remark may possibly apply to other parts of the poem : hut this is one of the dangers of blank verse. The ' Idyl,' as a whole, is so clear-cut and true to a noble type that such technical defects as these may easily be over looked. 