CHRIST CHURCH SUNBXYf SCHOOL. 1 THE MEMORIAL STONE. j There was "a large gathering In Ahegfonlids of the Church of England', HamQton, yreter- day afternoon, when the memorial stone of p. new Sunday School, at presehi in qourse ot erection, was laid. The Ven. Arthdeaoon, Cooper officiated at a religioos sefvice1 i»n- ducted on the site of the new buildiog, ihe church cboir, under Mr. Moon, being in at tendance, and accommodated on a temporary platform. After several religious .exercises- ' Archdeacon Cooper said he had to make an announcement that wohld cause much jagret. The Hon. Agar Wynne, M.L.U. ,had undertaken to perform the ceremony oflay- Ing the stone, bnt he (the Archdeacon) had' received a letter from Mr. Wynne's father 1 amiOUUUUUg VAAV fttnutuinu a uuiuw. The letter stated that Mr. Wynne had caught a cold while travelling, and his condition was such as excited the anxiety of Dr. Fitzgerald, bis medical attendant, Mr. Wynne has been very anxious to fulfil bis promise and come to Hamilton, but ibis the doctor forbade. The Archdeacon; was sure they would all regret Mr. Wynne's illness, apart from the regret they felt at hot having - him with them that day. He had explained that the trowel had been engraved with Mr. Wynne'e name and the date of the ceremony placed upon it and that a postponement would be very inconvenient Mr. Wynne had, under these circumstances, asked that someone should act for him. The Arch deacon said ho would himself lay the atone for Mr. Wynne, to whom the trowel would be forwarded in due oourse. The stone was then lowered into position and the Archdeacon said : 11 In the forth of Christ, and with prayer for the blessiog of God, I lay this Foundation Stone of a Sno- day-sohool for the parish of Christ Church, Hamilton, iu the Name of the Fatherland of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen." This was followed by the declaration, that the stone was " well and truly laid." A very handsome Eilver trowel was used by the Archdeacon in this ceremony, and he also had occasion to administer several trokes with a heavier instrument of the mason's craft in order to get the stone " plumb." The trowel, which was suitably inscribed, will be presented to Mr. Wynne, whose name it bears. Several hymns and prayers followed, after which the Ven. Archdeacon de livered a short address. He began by relating the circumstances under which the project of building a Sunday School had been entered into. It was some five years ago last May that the first effort was made towards the erection of a Sunday School. The children and teachers had long ex perienced the inconvenience of holding the Sunday school in the church. The dis advantage was felt in a degree also by the congregation, but it was more especially felt by the teachers and children. It was coo- srdered though, that, having regard to the debt on the church, it would be the wrong time to do anything in the way of com mencing a building, but that there was no reason why steps should not be taken to collect money, with a view of providing a school io the future. They determined to do that, and from that time the teachers and children every Sunday had given some thing to the fund. And when once it was started, it was astonishing from how many souroes contributions were recp.i vert . Theladv teachers — he mentioned it so their credit — determined to earn money for the fund, and with that object in view some of them undertook - the periodical cleansing of the church. This was no small matter, as they could understand after soch a day as last Sunday, bnt at this work the ladies had earned £12 -a year, and that amount had been added smnnally to the Sun day School building fond. Again, the church could not afford to pay for the services of a verger, and the duties of that official were discharged in tnm by members of . the church committee. And when the committee men wished for .any reason to have this work dooeotherwiae,the superintendentoftheSno- Aay School, Mr. Greed, was always ready and willing to do it, provided an allowance were made to the sehool building fund. Then, there was one who had passed away whom they most not forget — one who bad taken the greatest possible interest in all that was good. He alluded to the late Mr. Constable. That gentleman had entered into a trade in canaries, the profits from which went to the Sunday School fund ; while Mrs. Crust able, who always assisted most heartily, had estab lished a work society for -the same purpose. There bad also been very kindly presented to the school a magic lantern, and by that addi tions to the fond had been obtained. All this time the money collected was bearing interest, and they had from all sources about £350 when the middle of the present year was reached. Then it was felt that they might very justly make a start. No sooner was the matter brought before the congregation than donations of a liberal nature were made, and they had about £550 atthe present time. Some of the childreo bad also reused money by collecting cards, -and wouldiayon thestone that day a son of, as nearly as could be as certained, about £25. No one would charge them, then, with beginning : the' bnilding hurriedly or without counting the coat. They had more than bslfkhe amount required in hand, and knew that there were whys and means .of providing the,, remainder. -He hoped that in a very ehort tiinelhe bnilding would be completed and free from debt.' In a casket wbich had been placed iuidertbe. stone was an account of . the movement leading to the erection of the Sunday School, to gether with the names of the .Bishop, the Church ,,<1 Sunday School -officers, etc. Perhaps in generations hence, wbon it would be necessary to take down the bnilding in order to build a better . and larger one, it would beeaid thmt bhey had known how to take advantage of email things. ' He desired to say a word with regard to the .work they hoped to do there. There were two-opinions in this country on the enbject bf religions instruction. He did not want to go. Into, the political considerations involved, but would amply say that there were two sections, toose who believed in religious instmctibn In the day schools and those who said that foe Sunday Schools should do all the work, both sections could unite there that dayj, those who believed in retigidds fostractioB in; tte.dsy schools and .those who would -place their reliance solely on the Snnday Ecnbols. He did not know whether there were, many . of the latter class of thinkers in Hamilton. M there were any bfe wanted ' to know who they were. Suid. to - learn what they were going to. -do for jtlfotTSoDday School There at all events they cupldfoeet on common ground. J Now that a Sunday School was being erected he thonght it would Prove very valuable. The only regret, wa«, >t was rather small. I There we®B ,2iB, children on the toll, and those present saw foe space into which ,tfaey; had-fo-beirat.' However, it was 'proposed to erect wings, four clase-rootna, just as their means would wow, the building being deagnBA-toAdmit f these additions io the future. .Hut apart from its purpose asa Stuiday Gchool, the building would provide ja mutable meeting Pefor the oougregation. who -hnd soften felt the want of sneb a place. He'lti&ed.; ®ek as well as to the: important' work to be dope in it en Sunday. ; \AH bpbpi®r|ty would now be afforded to the fo Eive What they , thought proper,' ana - WMDiy a few more rounds. «f fcanfcwwk would be added as tire result of that Rhy,-e! baames8. A collection was then taken tifotod'-tiie »«m of £7 subscribed. The roUectioiiabfthe foddren were laid oh tbe atonfe, and. topre- »foted about -:£26.-; Several ldesoaonBl! g?868 followed, .taid 'thb proceedings eet£805. Mr. F.'tonimmd, ak,it the erohitect, aid the Rir>U2!T Foster, ®«9 10s; »yfoWma« jUb,£S54;.W. EL Henry, (£74;T«ttktaHt Wyetti £39, BBS ; 5 