Story Column. THE DEATH SHIP, A STRANGE STORY. AN ACCOUNT OF A CRUISE IN THE FLYING DUTCHMAN, COLLECTED FROM THE PAPERS OF THE LATE MR. GEOFFREY FENTON, OF POPLAR, MASTER MARINER. BY W. CLARK RUSSELL, Author of 'The Wreck of the Grosvenor,' 'The Golden Hope,' &c;, &c.; [All Queensland Rights Reserved.] SYNOPSIS OF PREVIOUS CHAPTERS. Chapters 1. io V.— Tho narrator ot tho story is Geoffry Fcnton, from whoso papers it is col lected. Ho tells how he sails os seebnd mute in the Snracen, under Captain Bkcvinpton. 'Ihoy 'speak' the Lovely Nancy, near the Eiiuntor, and tho captain, Samuel Bullock, of RotlierliitUe, tells Captain Skovlncrton of having soon tho Phantom Ship, which seemed to be under tho oommand of a tall man with a great board, mid with a face as of a man who had died and when dug up resumed his death bod aspect. Ho warns im against tho ship as n spectre to bo shunned. Chapters V Tn '\7TT ? Aa t.Tlrt fiomnnn . nn_ proaches Table Eav, Captain Skevinston speaks to Fi-nton to a depressed, superstitious way of the Phantom Ship, and fears that they will meet her. After encountering some rough weather, durtaR which the carpenter breaks his les, Fcnton has aconversution with him ns to the phenomenon, and as to spealdngto tho lovely Nancy which, had seen tho flying Dutchman. Tho carpenter 19 greatly unnerved by tho narration, and Bays ' I nover yet knew or heard of n ship reporting to another of haying met the Dutchman without the othermeeting tho ghost too oforo she's ended her voyage.' Chapters VIII. to XI.— Next day the crew are horrified by the fact that Captain Skovington is found in his cabin with his brafcsblownoutTnaving evidently inamomeutof delirium shothimsolf. Mr. Hall, tho mate, harangues tho men, who express a desire that the ship shall do directedto Tablo Bay. where Bhe can bo purified from tho oiTects of tlie contagion with tho vessel that had seen the ill fated Vanderdeeken, by tho prayera of a clergy man. ? Hall promises to attend to it, but the noxt sensation is tho sighting of a curious craft, silent and mysterious, and, as they approach nearer, one pious seaman remarks with aklnaofsoreaminhis notes, 'As I hope to be forgiven for Jesus' sake, yon's the ship that was cursed last oentury.' Fcnton, as soon as the doomed ship approaches tho Saracen, falls overboard. CHAPTER XII.--I AM RESCUED BY THE DEATH SHIP. I rose to the surface from a deep plunge, but being a very indifferent swimmer, it was as much as I could do — clothed as I was— to keep myself afloat by battling with my hands. I heard the rippling of the water about my ears, and I felt a deep despair settle upon my spirits, for I knew that the air that blew would carry my ship away from me and that I must speedily drown. I struggled hard to keep myself afloat, freely breaking the water in the hope that the light and whiteness of it might be seen. Four or five minutes thus passed, and I was feeling my legs growing weighty as lead, when I noticed a light approach me. My eyes being full of wet, I could see no more than the light, what held or bore it being eclipsed by the spikes or fibres that shot out of it; as you notice a candle flame when the sight is damp. I could also hear the dip and trickle of oars, and tried to shout; but my brain was giddy, my mind sinking into a babbling state, and in truth I was so exhausted, that but for the sudden life darted into me by the sight of the lamp, I am sure I should then and there have clenched my hands above my head and sunk. The lantern was flashed full upon my face and I was grasped by my hair. He who seized me spoke, and I believed it was the voice of one of the men in my watch, though I did not catch a syllable of his speech. After which I felt myself grasped under each arm and lifted out of the water, whereupon I no doubt fainted, for there is a blank between this and what followed, though the interval was very short. When I opened my eyes, or rather when my senses returned to me, I found myself lying on my back, and the first thing I noticed was the moon shining weakly amid thin bodies of vapour which the wind had set in motion, and which sped under her in puffs like the smoke of gun- powder after the discharge of a cannon. I lay musing a little while, conscious of nothing but the moon and some dark stretches of sail hover- ing above me, but my mind gathering force, I saw by the cut of the canvas that I was on board a strange ship, and then did I observe three men standing near my feet watching me. A great terror seized my heart. I sprang erect with a loud cry of fear, and rushed to the rail to see if the Saracen was near that I might hail her, but was stayed in that by being seized by the arm. He who clutched me exclaimed in Dutch, "What would you do? If you could swim for a week you would not catch her." I perfectly understood him, but made no reply, did not even look at him, staring about the sea for the Saracen in an anguish of mind not to be expressed. Suddenly I caught sight of the smudge of her, and perceived she was heading away on her course; she was out on our starboard beam. I cast my eyes aloft, and found the yards of the ship I was in braced up to meet the wind on the larboard tack, whence I knew that every instant was widen- ing the space between the two vessels. On mastering this I could have dashed myself down on the deck with grief and terror. One of the group observing me as if I should fall, extended his hand, but I shrank back with horror, and covered my face, whilst deep hys- teric sobs burst from my breast, for now, with- out heeding any further appearances, I knew that I was on board the Phantom Ship, the Sea Spectre, dreaded of marines, a fabric accursed of God, in the presence of men dead and yet alive, more terrible in their supernatural exist- ence, in their clothing of flesh whose human mortality had been rendered undecaying by a fate that shrank up the soul in one to think of, than had they been ghosts— essences through which you might pass your hand as through a moonbeam! I stood awhile as though paralysed, but was presently rallied by the chill of the night wind striking through my streaming clothes. A lantern was near where the three men were grouped, no doubt the same that had been carried in the boat, but the dim illumination would have sufficed for no more than to throw out the proportion of things within its sphere, had it not been helped by the faint moonlight and a corpus sant that shone with the powers of a planet close against the blocks of the jeers of the mainyard. 'Twas a ghostly radiance to behold the men in, but I found nerve now to survey them. There were three, as I have said; one very tall, above 6 foot, with a grey — almost white-- beard, that descended to his waist; the second was a broad, corpulent man, of the true Dutch build, without hair on his face; in the third man I could see nothing striking, if it were not for a ruggedness of seafaring aspect. I could not distinguish their apparel beyond that the stout man wore boots to the height of his knees, whereas the tall personage was clad in black hose, shoes with large buckles, and breeches terminating at the knees; their head- dresses were alike, a sort of cap of skin, with flaps for the ears. "Do you speak Dutch?" asked the tallest of the three, after eyeing me in silence, whilst a man could have counted 100. He it was who had responded to my hail from the Saracen, as my ear immediately detected — now that I had my faculties— by the deep organ-like melod- iousness and tremor of his voice. I answered, "Yes." "Why were your people afraid of us? We intended no harm. We desired but a little favour— a small quantity of tobacco, of which we are short." This speech I followed, though some of the words, or the pronunciation of them, were different from what I had been used to hear at Rotterdam. He spoke imperiously, with a hint even of passion, rearing himself to his full stature, clasped his hands behind him, stared at me as some Indian king might at a slave. "Sir," said I, speaking brokenly, for I was a slow hand at his tongue, and besides, the chill of my clothes was now become a pain, "First let me ask what ship is this, and who are you and your men who have rescued me from death?" "The name of this ship is the 'Braave,'" he answered, in his deep, solemn voice. "I, who command the vessel, am known at Cornelius Vanderdecken; the three seamen, to whom you owe your life, are Frederick Houtman, John de Bremen, and this man," indicating the rough, uncouth person who stood on his left, "the mate, Herman Van Vogelaar." I felt a sensation as of ice pressed to my chest when he pronounced his own name, yet, recollecting he had called his ship, the Braave, I asked, though 'twas wonderful he could follow my utterance— "What port do you belong to?" "Amsterdam." "Where are you from?" "Batavia." I said, "When did you sail?" "On July 22, in last year! By the glory of the Holy Trinity, but it is dreary work; see how the wind heads us even yet!" He sighed deeply and glanced aloft in a manner that sug- gested grievous weariness. "Last year!" I thought, a sudden elation expanding my soul and calming me as an opiate might. "If that be so, why, then, though this ship had made a prodigiously long voyage of it from Java to these parallels, there is nothing wildly out of nature in each tardi- ness." Last year! Had I caught the true signification of the words he used? "Pray, sir," said I, speaking in as firm a voice as the shivers which chased me per- mitted, "what might last year be?" The mate, Van Vogelaar, growled out some exclamation I could not catch, the captain made a gesture with his hands, whilst their burly companion said in thick, Dutch accents. "It needs not salt water, but good, strong liquor to take away a Hollander's brain." "Last year!" exclaimed Vanderdecken, un- bending his haughty, imperious manner, "why, mynheer, what should be last year but 1653?" CHAPTER XIII.--WY ZYN AL VERDOMD. When he said this, I felt like one in whom there is suddenly wrought a dual action of the brain, where from one side, so to say, there is darted into the mind thoughts utterly illogical and insane, which the same side marvels at, and seeks to reject, though if the fit linger the whole intelligence may be seized. I recollect of seeking for confirmation of the words of the man who styled himself Vander- decken, in the ship, and of noticing for the first time, that upon the planks of the deck which were out of the reach of the corpus sant, were the same crawling, elusive fires, as of phos- phorus, creeping and coming and going upon a dark wall, which I observed on the vessel's sides. Several figures of men moved forward. Close beside me was a small gun of the kind carried by ships in the beginning of the last century, termed a light saker, and discharging a six-pound ball. There were three of these on the larboard side, and. in the haze of the moonlight and the sheen of the jelly-like star that shone with a pure pale gold over my head, I could discern upon the bulwarks of the quarter- dock and poop several swivels furnished with handles for pointing them. I also observed a short flight of steps conducting to the quarter- deck, with two sets of a like kind leading to the poop, the front of which was furnished with a door and a little window. These matters I took in with a sweep of the eye, for the light was confusing, a faint, erro- neous ray glancing from imperfect surfaces and flinging half an image; and then an indescrib- able fear possessing me again, I looked in the direction where I had last beheld the smudge made by the Saracen, and, not seeing her, cried out wildly in my broken Dutch, "Sirs, for the love of God, follow my ship, and make some signs that she may know I am here." "Skipper," exclaimed the smooth-faced cor- pulent man, who proved to be the boatswain, Anthony Jans, "after their cowardly inhu- manity in firing upon a small unarmed boat, and putting in peril the life of our mate, Van Vogelaar, we should have nothing more to do with her." "Henceforth this Englishman will know that the Dutch are a merciful people," said Van Vogelaar scornfully. "Had our nationali- ties been reversed, he would have been left to drown as a tribute to the courage of his com- rades." Whilst this was said, Vanderdecken con- tinued to regard me steadfastly and with great sternness, then on a sudden relaxing his frown, he exclaimed in that wondrous voice of his, which put a solemn music into his least utterance: "Come — you shiver with the cold, and have the look of the drowned. Jans, send Prins to me; sir, please to follow." He motioned in an haughty manner towards the poop and walked that way. One desperate look I cast round the sea, and then with a prayer to God, that this experience might prove some eclipse of my reason from which my mind would float out bright afresh ere long, I followed the great figure of the captain, but with a step so faltering from weakness and grief, that he, perceiving my condition, took me by the elbow and supported me up the ladder to the cabin under the poop. Whether it was this courtesy or owing to a return of my manhood— and I trust the reader will approve the candour with which I have confessed my cowardice—whatever might be the reason, I began now to look about me with a growing curiosity. The interior into which Captain Vanderdecken con- ducted me, was of a dingy yellowish hue, such as age might reduce delicate white paint to. An oil lamp of a very beautiful, elegant, and rare pattern, furnished with eight panes of glass, variously and all choicely coloured with figures of birds, flowers, and the like, through the opening at the bottom let the white light of the oil- flame fall fair on to the table and the deck, swung by a thin chain from a central beam. The cabin was the width of the ship, and on its walls were oval frames, dusky as old mahogany, each one, as I sus- pect, holding a painting. Over the door by which the cabin was entered was a clock, and near it hung a cage with a parrot in it. Of ports I could see no remains, and supposed that by day all the light that entered streamed through the windows on each side of the door. The deck was dark as with age. At the after end there were two state cabins bulkheaded off from the living room, each with a door. The several colours of the lamp caused it to cast a radiance like a rainbow, and therefore it was hard to make sure of objects amid such an in- tricacy of illumination; the sides of the cabin were a sickly dismal yellow, and the furniture in it was formed of a very solid square table, with legs marvellously carved and a box beneath it, two benches on each hand, and a black high- backed chair — the back of withered velvet, the wood framing it cut into many devices — at the head or sternmost end of it. All these things were matters to be quickly noticed. The captain, first removing his cap, pointed to a bench, and lifting his finger, with a glance at the starboard cabin, said in a low tone, "Sir, if you speak, be it softly, if you please," and then directed his eyes towards the entrance from the deck, standing erect, with one hand on the table, and manifestly wait- ing for the person he had styled Prins to arrive. A ruby-coloured lustre was upon his face; his waist down was in the white lamp- light. He had a most noble port, I thought, such an elevation of the head, such disdainful and determined erectness of figure, as made his posture royal. There was not the least hint in his face of the Dutch flatness and insipidity of expression one is used to in those industrious but phlegmatic people. His nose was aquiline, the nostrils hidden by the moustaches which mingled with his noble Druidical beard. His forehead was square and heavy, his hair was scanty, yet abundant enough to conceal the skin of his head, his eyes were black, im- passioned, relentless, and a ruby star now shone in each, which gave them a forbidding and formidable expression, as they moved under the shadow of his shaggy brows. He wore a coat of stout cloth confined by buttons, and a belt round his waist. This, with his small clothes which I have described, formed a very puzzling apparel, the like of which I had never seen. There were no rents, nor darns, nor patches— nothing to indicate that his attire was of great age. Yet there was something in this commanding person that caused me to know, by feelings deeper than awe or even fear, by instincts, indeed, not explicable, such as must have been urged in olden times the intelligence to the recognition of those supernatural beings you rend of in Scrip- ture, that he was not as I was, as are other men who bear their natural parts in the pro- cession from the cradle to the grave. The tre- mendous and shocking fears of Captain Skev- ington recurred to me, and methought as I gazed at the silent, majestic seaman, that the late master of the Saracen who, by his ending, had shown himself a madman, might, as had other insane persona in their time, have struck in one of his finer frenzies upon a horrible truth. The mere fear of it caused me to press my hands to my eyes with a renewal of mental anguish, and to entreat in a swift prayer to that Being, whom he who stood be- fore me had defied, for power to collect my mind and for quick deliverance from this awful situation. [To be Continued To-morrow.] 