v THE PEMYCOMEMICRS. By S. -RARESG-GOULD, Author of *? Mehaiah,' «' Court Royal,' ' John Herring*' ?' The Gaverocks,' &c.; IFuoliHhea by special arrangement with the author. . All rights reserved.] Chaitek XV. — The Woman With a Pii'E . — (Continued.) For how long Mr. Pennycomequick wac. unconscious he never knew, and no one of course, was able to inform him. 'Whin he returned to himself he found that^ie was lying ina contracted and queer bed, n the Elde of a chamber equally con tractet and queer, tenanted, as far as he coula«iiake out, only by a contracted and queer hunsn being, whose sex was not to Be deteimiiied at first glanca. If Mr. Pennpconequlck had recovered his sense of smell :»t the same time that he re covered hg other senses he wonld have supposed tiat during the period of un conBsiousne3 he had been steeped in creosote, fo. the atmosphere aboat him was charged nth the odor of tar. He was, in net, on board a coal-barge, in the little lo- cabin, and in the little low c berth that occufed almost anentlre side of the cabin. Thg cabtn was but five feet high ; it was Ujhted by the hatchway, through which tt) steps deaaended into it. At the extremty, opposite the hatch, was an Iron stove, the pipe from which poked tnrough the ojck above. At this stove was done all th\ cooking ever done in this establishment, *cd all the washing supposed to be necessay in it, as a con cession to public prtiudice. On the side opposite Mr. t^nnycomequick's berth was another, on wheh were neaped gowns, coats, wading-boits, a frying, pan, a birdcage, a brokm jag, Tom Xreddlehoyle's ' Batrnslej-Folka' Al manac,' and a Bible. When that berth -was tenanted by a human inmate then the gowns, coats, boots, fryfng-pay, bird cage, broken be6r jug, almanac, and Bible were transferred to the floor, Near the stove, peeling potatoes, and as she peeled them, chucking the peelings on to the berth, with its accumulation of .gowns, Coats, frying-pan, andotherarticleB, was a woman wearing a man's black felt ?wide-awake, a man's coat, and smoking a mahogany-colored pine. Her face was eo brown, rugged, and masculine that it was only possible to determine her sex when ehe stood up. Then ahe- revealed petticoats, short and fastened tpgsetiber between the calves, so as to convert feem Ifctp Bompfching Hke Turkish fcroifeesB, Beneath them pro trndedfeBtMbfeasthoseof a man, en ^cased- ln. etoufe boots. ??.'?? 'B^es .me '''exclaimed' Mr. Penny «o*n#pjSck, * ! where W I ?' . Tfeen the woman half r-)se. -She coald _nofcita^;c^righVMi &e; ca-Jp3-Bt!3 waeso tall; an*}' shp came oare* 'to the bferth in .^too^ag'posture. ' Eh, lad, tha'jrt -wick i Boa't a» wast to .know vb&e;»3feh*$r&4 Why*. for race, ^fftttV Ctottgowin&QaeenU;* carries coilaWGooie.3* 'How came there?' 'Ah reckon ah hogged (draw) tnee ah* o fc water xayeen. Ah _«aw thee flaatln' ty ow tha' rig. (back), taizled like i' a pwd tree. Sea (*©) I had thee aht 1' a jiffy. if ah hedn't tha!d been dead, long agane. Hev naw a sup o' tea and we'll talk after.' Mr. Pennycomeqaick tried to move — to raise himself —bat he was sti$ in all his joints and unable to stir more than hia head. ' Weel naw !' exclaimed the womm, 'tha'rfc wor nor I thowt. Ah be main sorry for thee. Ah'J bring t' pepgy-tub acd turn's upside daan, and sec me a top, t'll do as well as owt. Ah can talk ta shee a bit — 1 da'ant m'.nd. Bat I'm glad tha're better, lad. Come i-a', if tha woant ha' no tea, inebbe^ tha'll tab a sop of tar- water.' By degrees Mr Pennycoaiequtck got to understand how he had been rescued and where he was. . The flood had caught the Conquering Queen coal barge soaie way below Mer gatrojd, where the Jand was flat, and where accordingly the water had spread and its violence was expended. It had snapped the cable that fastened the boat, and she had been carried on down the canal. She h&d; not been lifted and stranded beyond the banks, but had gone along -with the current in the proper course. The Conquering Qaeen was the property of Ann Dewia, who inhabited and managed her along with a boy, a gawky lad of fifteen, all legs and arms, which became entangled among ropes sad chains, and stumpled over lumps of coal sod mooring posts, who never descended the ladder without slipping and falling to the bottom in a heap ; and whose face and body, if not perpetually begrlmmed with coal duet, would have shown blue with bruises, Ann Dewis had given up her berth to the man Ehe had drawn out of the water, and slept on the floor beside the clothing, bird-cage, cooking utensils, and literature sacred and profane. 'Sure 8artain,' said Mrs. Deffis, 'full be a long time wal (antii) tha'rt batter, and curias it es, but all wor profeziad i' Tom Treddlehoyle i' hes predications for 1870\. Jest yo listen till this. November ; ah, look for menny foakes bein' br&wtlow;, throo abaht t' middle ta t'end a' t'munth ; hahiver, tlieazs a good prospecht a' ther1 sooin Iookin' up agean, If It ia at they're laid flat a' ther: back. T'es fortunate these floods doant come offance (often) or we'd a be ruined. Looik here, lad, ah'i clap t' poto't'stove an' mak thee poultices for thy joints.' Six weeks were passed by Mr. Jeremiah Pencycomequick in the cabin of the Cjn queririg Queen in great pain, sometimes in delirium, for he was attacked with rheumatic fever. ' Throughout his illness he was attended indefasigably by Ann Dewis. She called in no doefcoe, she pro cured no medicine. The sole remedy she knew and favored, and which Bhe ex hibited against all diseases, waa tar water, a remedy easily made on board the b&rge; of material always at hand. Ann Dewis was reduced to temporary inactivity by the destruction wrought by the flood. The canal was closed for re pairs, and the repairs were likely to con eume many months. Accordingly she could no longer ply between the coalpits and the wharf on the Burnber. This enforced inactivity enabled her to devote her undivided attention to her patient. She had no house oE her own — not an acre ; no, not a foot of garden ground of her own in any of the various forms or ownership — freehold, copyhold, or lease hold. She had no other home than her barge. She paid no taxes — no rates ; the only charges that fell on her were the dues levied at the locks. And 'Darn it!' said Ann, 'that flood will ha'sent np tbe dueB like scaldln' water sends up L'momenter.' She belonged to no parish, came into no census, was attached to no denomination, and was identifiable as a Yorkshire woman of the West Biding only by her brogae. Whsn- lhe fever quitted Jeremiah Penny c-mequlck it left him weak as a child. He lay in the berth powerless to rise, and long after his mind was cleared his joints were swollen and painful. He foresaw . that many weeks, perhaps months, must elapse before he regained his former strength. She did her best to amuse her patient as well as to cure him. She read to him the richest jokes out of ' Tom Treddlehoyle/' and puzzled him with questions from the same, compounded as conundrums. But what interested him chiefly was her ac She had been married, but that was nowt but a scratch, she said. ' Wunce I thowt for sartin Bure ah'd hev to give up to be Dewis and stick to the Schofield.' ' Schofield !' said Mr. Pennycome quick and passed his hand over his brow. His memory was somewhat affected. The name was familiar to him, but he did not recollect when he h&d; heard it. 'Eh, lad, it wor a thing of no conse kanB. I'lltelltheet'tale.' For the benefit of south country readers we will to some extent modify the broad West Riding brogue. ' It wa&na;' Iang that Earle and I were acquainted — : — ' '? 'Earle?' ' Eh, every man has two names as he has two legs, and two arms, and two eyes and ears. He was called Earle Schofield for sartfn ; and he used to come and visit me in t' Conquering Queen. My mother was dead, and had left me a tidy bit o' brass, for shoo was a saving woman, an' ahoohadbeencap'tjboatswaln, steward, arid all tot' Conquering Qaeen ever sin my father died. Ailt' brass he and she had addled (earned) was kip in — but there I wi'nt tell thee, not that I mistrust thee, but we're ail frail creeturs and terribly tempted. So there, lad, this here pipe belonged to Earle. He wor a bife o' a gentleman, he wor. He'd niver been in a coll barge trading up an' down t' canal. We'd a famous scheme atwixt us. He was to set np a coil store an' a honia by %' warE at Hull, an' he sed that he knew o' a chap as 'ud sell t' goodwill and all his custom for a hundred pounds. And E»rla — he wor an uncommon clever hand at accounts — he figured It a' up on a slatei and stowed me how great 'ud be our profits. And he to'd me that it wor the coll, marchante as got a' t' profits out o t sale o' coils, and I got nobbat their crumbs, as I may say. And he showed me how if he sold and I carried coils vro'd be rich in no daae, and after we'd got married then I tow'd him where I kep' t' brass. I didn't tell him before — believe me. We were sitting on this deck, drawed up by t'side o' t' wharf at Hull, as he showed a' that, and as I tow'd him where I had my brass. Then he took t'pipe he wor smoking out O his mouth and put it Into mine, and. sea I wor to kfp it aleet wall he came back--he'd goan' deposit a hundred pound, he sed, for t' goodwill and secure ihehofng at wunce. And 1 let him take all my brass, forisaitainlthow'tas we'd been married for three weeks all war right, and what wa« mine was Ids. He took t'.brass and he went aBhore, and t* last words he sed to me wor, ' Ann, keep t' pipe aleet wall I return.' 1 watted, bat from that day I've never clapt eyes on him.' *' And your money 2' 'Nor on that noather.'' '^What a great rascal he must have bean!' *|?ay, I won't eay that. We're a' sinful creeturs, and our temptations is terrible. Wot became o1 him I ca'n'na ea.%, bnfc for sure sartin. he'd a mind to ret&fn; to me, or 'he'd not ha Wdms keep t'pipe aleet. Wha can teH. he tas^y ha' got a drop o' liquor on shore and ha' bein. robbed, and thin ashamed io eosie backed tell me; or he may ha' fonnd t' ch*£3ii)mio ready to. s^l t'goodwiU— and lolta* gone about looiking forTjaownat else and not found lfc — or he may ha' been took by them rampagfn' an' roaria' Sopsti s» seek w%om tiiey. can lock apj— &»: perlice. ^ay ! Iil not condemn airii^ and: allow that he wor a rascaJ, for what sez Tom Treddlehof le — . ' Tbia world, we all naw, hez its ups 43d its dEanPj An' ehotter wi'r time keepB wmdio , An' day after day we are croat i wir w*y Then epeak of a man as yo find him. ' But I think yon found hiai serve you badly enough,' said Mr. P«iB$coaiequlck from his berth, *' to walk off with your savings and leave you with nothing.' 'Bay, not exactly,' answered Anne. ' There wor tills pipe fcr wan, he Me ; and,' after a pause, ' there wer Jozepa. T' bairn came verra comfortin' when I wer i' a tew aboot ioifiing ma' brass. Besides, t' lad Joe ha* been ov use to me as much as I paid a lad afore seven shillings a week, and he hev a' been t' same to me for six years. If tha comes ta reckon at fifty two weeks i't year, that'a eighteen pound ten per hannum ; and for six year that mounts up to night on a hundred and ten pound, which is a scoering off of t' account.' 'And that is hia pipe- you are smoking ?:- 'Ees, forsartaen. I sed I'd keep 'b aleet, and if he comes hack at t' end o' seven more year I'll say ' There, Earle, In t' pipe burning, and as for 't account), Joe hev a' scored it off. interest and principal.' ' CHAriEnXYL— Who? What? It is hatefnl— hateful as poison— the packing-, the turning out of drawers, and then the tilting of the drawers to get out the dost and grit and flue that has accu mulated in the corners ; the arranging of correspondence, the discrimination, be tween valuables and things that may ba come valuable, and things that are not, but were valuable ; the throwing away of rubbish, the consideration as to what things are to ba disposed of, and if dis posed of how to be disposed of, aad to whom, and all the business and care and misery of change of quarters. And yet how out of thorns spring roses, and out of troubles virtues come into Woom ! Never, probably, in our whole career did charity, the bond of all virtaes, so lnxuriate, throw out such all- embracing tendrils, emit such fragrance, ripan into such fruit, as on the osca Bion of change of quarters. Old boots, slightly damaged bonnets, heavy battered pieces of furniture, for which a dealer would not give sixpence ; articles that would fetch nothing in a sale, anti quated schoolbooks, magazines five years old, novels that have lost their backs, games deficient in one or two pieces, odd gloves* iron bedsteads minus their brass knobs and that have to be tied together wfth wire ; cracked dishes, snipped tn-n- blere, saucepans corroded with, rast — with what lavish, and lordly magnificence we distribute them to all who will except such alms . And then — what a lesson does change of quarters teach ues to discriminate be tween the wortheBS and the valuable, and with equanimity to endare separation from thingB which have become interest ing to us, but which we cannot remove. When the author was a boy his life was spent in travelling on the Continent ; in rambles from the Pyrenees to the plains of Hungary, from the Mediterranean to the Baltic, and wherever he went he made collections of objects of curiosity, crystals, petrefactious, dried flowers, butterflies, medJreval armor, books. Before quitting any place of sojourn for a winter or halt for a night his father explored every pocket atid crevice of the carriage and turned out the treasures there secreted, on which his son's heart were set aad his pocket-money had been expended. Mothing escaped his eye, nothing melted hia heart. Tha author came to s, place bringing nothing with him, and left it carrying nothing with him away, all he acquired he was forced to leave. It was an excellent discipline for life, and yet hard'y attained ; even to this day he fi.ru? s. that he clings to trifles. How many times since boyhood has he had to shift quarters ? and each time ha has experienced a straggle, and has kad to surrender Eoine things on which his heart was, fixed, but from which it was, perhaps, well to be free. He recalls how ona winter at Bayonne he collected every match and spill end that had been used for lighting cigars and candles till he had accumulated a trunk full, When ia spring the move came his father peremp torily refused to dispatch thia trunk-load of scorched paper scraps by grande or petite vitesse to Vienna, and they were consigned to the flames. When he was in Yorkehise he had collected some prehis toric querns, stone hand-mills. When he contracted with a furnfture-mover to translate his goods to the South of Eng land the man struck at the mill- stones, they were not in his bond. The author had to resign them ; but his heart aches for those stones to this day. When a family has inhabited a house for nigh on twenty years it is incredible what accumulations have gathered round them, how every comer, cupboard, closet, drawers, the cellar, the attic are stuffed with articles of various utility and impor tance, or let us rather say of different degrees of inutility and worthless aess ; none of which, however, can be spared without a pang, for to every one of them a recollection clings. The Cusworths had been not indeed twenty years, but approaching that time, in the house of Mr. Pennycomequick. Every room, the garden, the attic, were crowded with reminiscences, mostly plea sant ; to the ordinary eye a thin veil of soot took the brilliance and sharpness off all things in this smoke- laden part of England, but to the girls, Salome and Janet, everything was overlaid with the gold dnefc of childish memories. Mrs, Ca&worth; had come to regard the house as a qpiet home in which she might spend her declining days, without a care for the future of her children, for Janet was pro- ' viced for and Salome -would not be for gotten. But now, with the loss of Mr. Pennycomequick, the prop had fallen on which the future was reared ; and sud denly she found herself, in bad health, obliged to think about her prospects, and leave the house in quest of another home. Mrs. Sldebottom, with the eagerness with which some women fly to do a spite ful thing, had taken advantage of her position to give the widow notice to remove. The CusworthB had received notice to move within a fortnight, and it was not; easy for them to find quarters into which to go. Salome had sought ^lodgings in Mergatroyd, but in vain. There none were vacant, and sha had been obliged to engage temporarily a part of a house in the nearest manufacturing town, a house that was called Bedstone, but which was popularly known ouly as Black Hole. It svas a low house, surrounded by tall factories that crushed It into a well between them lntc which, no sun could penetrate, but which received all day and night showers of condensed soot. She counted herself fortunate in having secured thia, and she had already, given orders for the removal to it pf some of the packing caasa filled wltih their goods'. The time had- been one of strain to Salome, already distressed by the loss pf her best friend, and the subsequent doubt about the identity of the corpse recovered. Mrs. Bldebottom had gone out of her way to make her feel uncomfortable, had said illnstnredthiDgs^had slighted nor -motltc*, . and Irritated Janet to the verge pf an outbreak. She had been obliged, to txer- cise great self-control to disregard' the sneers. of Mrs, tSidebptjtonij to screen %it mother and hold her Bister ±0 check. She . had been painfully affected,; moreover,, by the mistrust Philip had shown, and thong ti he 'had apologised for 'what he had eaid the wonnS dealtTto her Belf^espie^ ftais unhealed. She felt this blow -the more became she had unconBciqnrfy reposed confidence in PMlipj not that he Bad giv«n her reason for reliance on him, but . that she h»d,^^*i^ior«»ieoi^ *» whom to look j|pjr that Mt. Je«»U»h PenDycome4j^»jg_,.-jBBp^wgijr -i$ «Ji r, had: trusted 4&»&Pha;~'wimk& £a i#nomble and considerate in his conduct, aa 'behoved a Pennycomequlck. To ada to her difficattles hef mother had suddenly .and unaccountably had a relapse, was eeiiocsly shaken, &*& ia no condition, to be moved. Uoacsonn$ably, for the attack had noti come on when it paight have been expected — on hearing the newB of the death of the old manufacturer. She had borne cp marvellously naderthls trial ; the bringing tbe corpse to the house and the foneral iiad nob materially affected her.. She had Bpoken of the necessity she was under of leaving trhe house, with sorrow, indeed, bat not agitation ; she had taken soaie interest in the assortment and packing of the family goods ; and then in the midst of the preparations to depwt had takea alarmingly ill. When the funeral was over Mrs. Side bottom had returned to her oarn house ; all neceeeity for her remaining in that of her deceased half-brother waa gone. Nevertheless she was in and oafc of the honee several times during the day. On evening she had left after nine, having dined there with her nephew, who had moved into his uncle's apartments, and had enjoyed some of her brother's beat wine. At half- past nine the front door was looked and chained, and the gaslight in the hall turned down but not extinguished. Old Mr. Pennycome quick had kept early hours, and the servants observed the same roatina of meals, and work that had teen instituted ia his time, as they had received no orders to tie contrary. Now that Philip hai taken possession of hia uncle's apartments on the first floor and went to the mill at the same hours, and took bis meals at the same hours, the house seemed to have re lapsed into its old ways, out of which it had been bustled by the advent of Mrs. Sidebottom. Mr. Pennycomequick's apartanents can sistsd of a study with a bedroom opening out of it. The front of the house on the same floor waB taken up with a drawing room, rarely occupied. A third door on the same lauding admitted into* spare bed room in which the corpse of the dro \vned roan had laid till the burial. On the ground floor wero two rooms corresponding to those occupied by Mr. Pennycomequick, and these had been given up to Mrs. Cas worth, one— the outer — served as sifctlng-room. The dining-room and a breakfast-room — the latter under the spare bed chamber, com pleted the arrangement on the ground floor. Formerly Mrs. Cusworbh and her daughters had slept on the storey above the drawing-room, and Mr. Pennycorae quick's suite ; and Salome's apartment were there Suill, but of late, owing to her mother's infirmity, her bed had been trans ferred to the Inner room, which had been transformed from the housekeeper's office to a sleeping apartment for the old lady, to whom it was injurious to ascend many steps ; and as it was not advisable tna3 Mrs. Cusworth should be alone at night Salome had slept in the room with her. Since feke arrival of Janet, however, she had returned to her apartment upstairs, as the old lady had expressed a wish to have her married daughter with her *' My dev-r,' ehe had said, ' it is not ranch more that 1 can expect to sae of Janet. She will have to return to her ' husband before long, and I am nob likely to live to have the pleasure of many of her vifcite ; so if yon do not mind, Salome, I should wish her to sleep in my room whilst she is herd that I may have her by me as much as I may.' Salome had accordingly returned to her chamber ttpstairc. She was glad that at this time her sister was there to relieve her of attendance oa her mother whilst ehe wer.t in search of lodgings and was engaged ia packing. . ' I am expecting a summons to return to Elbceuf every day,' said Janet, J* dXfect^I-ge£ the nev-s of the rout of the Prae&fons.; Providence never in tended that barbarism should prevail over culture ; and the French have such aeconipliflbed manners, and such perfect taEte. Why, the German ladles I have seen have no idea how to dress.' 'Yoa forget, Janet,' said the slater, 'that tiis barbarians did of old overwhelm Roman civilisation,'' ' Oh — yes, befc only that they might as similate tha culture and become civilised themselves. If the result of this wretched war were thst German ladies learned how to pnt on thefr clothes tastefaliy, I could almost forgive Sedan and Metz.' Sfclcme bad as Hitie knowledge of the arrangement arrived at between Mrs. Siuebottom and Philip as has the reader, and, for the same reason. It had not been divulged. She, of course, could ask no quesiiGns. The reader does, but he must Wait. He shall be told presently. Suffice .it for him to know that Mrs. Sldebottem hadfc unopposed, .sworn to her brother's death, without will, and had taken out letters of administration. Philip did not have his meals with the Cuswortb. party, they were served to him apart^ On' this evening after the house was locked op abd the servants had retired to bed, Salome wa-s in her own room, she had been engaged there for some hours ex ammiBg and sorting the house-bills and destroying such as were not required to be preserved. ' When this was done she began to pack her little library in a deal case, f-rat wrapping each volume carefully in newspaper. As Bhe did this she came on a garden manual that Mr. Pennycorne quick had given her on her birthday when fifteen. The eight of this book suddenly reminded her of a score of hyacinth bulbs she had put in a dark closet under the stairs. In which to form shoots before they were pnt tn fheir glasses. The book had advised this as a corrective to the develop ment of leaf at the expense of flower. In J^S'^SpboRtd, which Janet and sha as cbJfdren had named the Panimy closet — a tame that had adhered to it ever since — sher kept as well sundry garden re quie&es.;, .s Fearful lest Bhe should forget the bulbs if sht postponed their removal to another time, and feceustomed, on principle, to do at 01 ce whatever occurred to her mind as a thii-sg that had to be done, she gently opered her door and lightly descended the etainase. Tie steps were carpeted, so that her foot was noiseless. She had no need of a candle, for the gas, though reduced, sSHI burnt in the hall. £he reached the bottom quickly ; she was unwilling to disturb and alarm her mother, and eo trod noiselessly through the hall to the closet door beneath, the steps. Her garden-gloves, some tools in a lfctle box. that had been given her by Jasefc, and tbe bulbs were there, the latter, In a rtfw, showing stout horns. She gathered these bulbs into a chip basket), and took tkereeb of her possessions in the other hand, Thus encumbered she closed the Pommy closet door with her foot, put dov/n the basket, turned the key, took up the basket, and stepped, out into the hall with the intention of reascending the stairs as noiselessly as Bhe had come 3own. But before she had reached the foot and had turned the balustrade she was 'startled to see ft figure on the first land ing, At first shock she thought it was Mr, Jeremiah Pennycomequick dressed to go pu^asshe had seen him on tha night -tfaA*aediBap-ja»«F4i' If ^he hour was not Eogr midnight iti^was near it. |aloiee coold not see whence the figure &&4 9°ice, irh&ther; from Philip's room or rrvruthe spare bedroom. Only from the ?drawing-room he could not have Issued, as that door was in view and was Bhufc. Who-waait? , The figure descended slowly and wifch Inedible tread. The light from the gas was ecfficlent to show that the figure was 3&§fc'£jLa man, but not to let her see his ^T^^ft » Bickeclng feeling at the heart. 'and a chill that ran through every artery and frosted her blood, and deprived bee ; both of motion und the will tomov», ehe t : stood looking at the apparition tha* glided. down the staircase lsiaflrelys noiselessly. She recognised tie. great coat and hat— they were those of Mr. Permycemequick. The greatf coat was that In which the corpse had been discovered Invested. Who was this coming — coming probably from the room recently tenanted by that strange awful dead man ? That was the first thought of horror that shot through her brain, followed by another still more horrible* ' What Is it,?' For a- while Salome was bereft of power of speech and motion. There was a sensa tion in her brain as though a handle were being turned that had attached to It every neive hi her body; and that they were being sens, off her and on to a reel, like silk from a cocoon. Her hands con tracted on what she held, she could not have let them fall had she willed to relax her grasp. They stiffened as do the hands of a corpse. She could not cry out her tongue were paralysed. She could not stir a step forward or backward, all control over her knees was gone from her. When the figure had nearly reached the bottom of the stairs it stopped and turned its head towards her and looked at her. The light of the lower gas jet was on her and off the face of the apparition ; all she saw was black Bhadow, as all she had eeen of the face of the corpse on the bed had been — a black handkerchief cast over It. But she distinguished the hair, some what long behind the ears and fcowzy whiskers about the jaws. That was aft she could make out in that moment of acute, agonising horror. The figure stood looking ac her, and Bhe heard the clock in the hall tick, tick, tick, tick, and then begin the premonitory growl that pre ceded striking. The figure moved down the final steps and atole in the same stealthy, noiseless manner to the garden door and disappeared through it. The look of the back, the sit of the well-known overcoat, the way in which the hat was worn, all recalled to her the dear, lost Mend, and yet she .knew it could not be he. He would never have inspired her with shuddering dread. He would not have passed her without a word; * In another moment the spell of rigidity was taken off her. The blood rushed tingling through every vein, her hands, her feet, recovered activity, her heart bounded and shook off its fear, and her mind recovered its proper energy. She ran after the apparition and found that the garden door was actually open. Instantly, without further consideration, she shut and locked it, and then flew up stairs and knocked vehemently, loudly, at Philip Pennjcomequick'a door. He opened it and was surprised to see Salome on the landing breathless. 'Is your mother worse?' he asked, for he saw that she was shaking and white* ' Oh, Mr, Peanycomequlek, do tell me. Have you had a man here with you ?' ' I do not understand.' 'I have seen some one descend the stairs. If he did not come from your study he issued from that room in which — in which ? ' she shuddered. *? I mean ' from the spare bedroom.' ;*Ko one has been with me.' ' But he came down the staircase slowly and silently, like a shadow, and passed me.' ' I have seen and heard no one.' 'And yet there has been some one in the house.' Philip thought and then said, *'Miss Cnswortb, your nerves have been over wrought. You have been imposed on by your imagination.' 'But — the garden door. I found It open ; I have just locked it. The figure went out through it.' 'Did you distinguish who it was ?' ' No, he came from the best bedroom, ? wearing dear uncle's — I mean Mr. Penny comequick's overcoat and hat.' Philip again mused. ' All my poor uncle's clothing,' he said after a moment of thought, 'all that re mained, the overcoat Included, I ordered yesterday to be laid out in the spare cham ber. I told your mother to dispose of them as she thought proper. 1 made no doubt that Bhe knew of poor persons to whom they would be serviceable.' ' But no poor person would come at this of night and slip out stealthily at the garden door, which ought to be locked at half-past nine.' ' Let us go into the spare room and re assure ourselves,' said Philip, ' You will find the overcoat there, and then perhaps yon will come to the same conclusion that I have, that yon have been over-worried and over- wrought, and that fancy has con jured up the ghost.' He went back into his room for a candle, and Salome, standing alone with beating heart on the landing, asked - herself whether she had been deluded by her imagination. Philip returned with a candle. He smiled and said, 'I remember particularly that great coat. It was laid on the bed and the hat by it. I went into the room this evening about half-past 8 and both were there then.' He had his hand on the door. ' You are not afraid to come in with me ?' Salome shook her head. She had begun to hope that she had been a prey to fancy. He opened the door, went Id, and held the light over hb head. The great coat and the hat — were gone. (To he continued. ) We have received copies of tbe British Work man and tbe Band of Hope Review, published by S. W. Partridge & Co., London, which ate . remarkable for their excellent pictures by Fred Barnard and other eminent artists.' The former publication contains an autobiographical sketch by Richard Tangye, the world- famous machine mapufactarer and proprietor of the gigrantio w-odis in Birmingham from which boners, hydraulic presses, and machinery of many de scriptions ace sent to all parts of the world. Mr. Taugye waa tbe eon of a poor Cornish farmer, and the narrative of his career fur niBheB one of tbe most interesting chapters of industrial biography ever written. Tbe May issue of the periodical entitled ' Night and Day,' published in con nection with Dr. Barnardo's Homes for Desti tute Children, Stepney Causeway, London, contains the latest information about the homes, in which eome prominent South Aus tralians have interested themseiFes as patrons. Several letters are published in this number from former waifs of the London streets who have been settled for life on farms in Canada through the [agency of Dr. Bamardo, who on June 11 sent out to Canada a second emigra tion party tor tbe year, consisting of 200 lads, and in midsummer was to have sent out a third party of gink from the Ilford Home, The cost of tbe passage and outfit of each child is from £9 to £11, and Dr. Barnardo appeals for charitable assistance. A series of interesting case histories of recent rescues (illustrated) adds to tbe attractions of the number, A con cert in aid of the homes is to be given this evening in the Grote -street Christian Church lecture-hall. We have received from the author, Miss F. Sesca Lewin, of Adelaide, a small volume entitled ' Abel Tasman and Oilier Poems.' We had occasion about fonr years ago to speak in terrcB of prftiee of a eimUftr publication by tbe same author entitled 'Songs of theSouth,' the BuccesB of which has induced her to undertake the present venture, Tbe volume is to some . extent. made up of reprints of verses oon tribnted to .various papers; but it includes Borne poems which we do not recollect to have Been before. The author , appears to have a marked aptitude for versification, and there are some pieces in tbe work before ob which are distinctly meritorious. Her favprite metre seems to be that with wiich Mica Adelaide. Procter has made, us familiar in ' The angel's Btoiy' aed other effusions which are bo deservedly popular. Indeed Miss Lewin, like not a few other poets of her rex, eeems to have imbibed some amount of iter - inspiration from the daughter of 'Barry GoiBjrall.' We are specially impressed by tbe pieces entitled 'Lost in tbe bush (which won the prize at the Ljtera*y Societies9 com petition last sear), « Baby's dead,* apd.ihe pcem which gives itB title to tbe nook aud which appeared kt- the author's ptteviovie volume of poems. Ufa reader can helpnotioing , tfce cp&ticufd;' tepetitioB «f the. same naei*e, and sgaittBt this defect the author- would do well to guard hereell in future publications. It is i»ir to say that Mi» Lewin ahow»ia 'Bash Bhadowi,' ' Autumn leaves,' and other verses, wbicb nagfat be jwmed, an ability to write spiritedly &ad;%HUy M othernieasuTos. We ftaw received froi* Sfeean E. S. CTIge and Son the latest novel by the lady who.hu adopted the 110m de -plume of Maxwell Gray. ' Tbe approach of Anneraley,' . like ita jfamona predeoBBBer, 'The Silence of Dean Mainland,' makes ita appearance in a cheap form as one of the excellent volumes included in tha 'Indian antf Colonial Series* of Messrs. KeganFbul, Stench, & 06., who have adopted the plan which one or two other publisher* have found profitable of providing Australian book bujere with literature at a much loirer price than has to be pud for jfc in England. In some respectes 'Tbe Beproaca of Annerstey' resembles the first novel of the author. The hero in the one as in the other lies under tha imputation of a capital ofieuce, and his career is shadowed by a cloud of obloquy which gives a somewhat melan choly tone to the tale. In the gradual solution of the Bombre mystery tbe author finds scope for some clever writing, and the interest of tbe book is not lessened by the melodramatic nature of the incidents which mark the cloeiDp situation. The novel ib relieved by a vein of humor which contrasts artieticaUy with the general tenor of the #0*. E»yeh Squire, the village sextos, is a masterly creation, and in his delineation tbe author has evidently been at some pains. Page after page bears witness to a careful study of human nature, and- of touches of genuine humor no less than of pathos there are many. The author gives an account of shepherd life on tha Hampshire Downs, sketched with tbe know ledge and firm hand of a Thomas Hardy^ The lurw sceneB might indeed be placed in juxta position with the productions of that famous novelist in a similar direction without Buffering much from the comparison. To say much in reference to the plan of the story would be un fair, and it is better for the novelist and for in tending readers to confine ourselves to a state ment of its merits, which no one after reading tbe book will hesitate to agree are con siderable. 