ODDS AND ENDS. I Sullivan, the American champion pugilist, ? has expressed his willingness to fight Peter Jackson, the Australian, ' for a purse of 25,000 dollars. A few centuries ago the average age of man was 21}. In the early part of this'century it was rather more than 40i, and certainly lias not lessoned since. That means that as many .people live to 70 now. as lived to 40 300 years ago. Tho tomb of Virgil at Posilippo, just out side Naples, is for sale. Hitherto it has belonged to a Frenchman, who made a fair income from the entrance fees of numerous visitors, and the Government is being strongly, urged to purchase the . tomb as a national monument. The tomb is a small square build ing with a domed roof, standing on the hillside amongst vineyards and orchards, which origin ally composed V irgil's farm, where the poet wrote part of the ' Georgics ' and the ' TEneid,' Formerly the. urn containing Virgil's ashes occupied one of the ten niches— now empty — and in 1326 marble columns and statues further decorated the edifice, together with; the epitaph written by Virgil himself. The latest infant prodigy is a ' champion ' baby barber. This precocious youngster is a Miss Nelly Wick, who is four, years of age, and who has been taught, the tonsorial art by her father, and performs the remarkable feat of shaving five men within thirty minutes. This achievement she has accomplished in- the Globe Toilet Saloon in Chelsea,' in presence of an admiring throng. Nellie acquired her art in the short space of six months. |An important mining case was heard by Mr. R. J. Perrott, P.M., at Lambton police' court, 011 Tuesday. Thomas Croudace, manager of the Durham Colliery, Redhead, was charged with working the said mine on the 18th October last, while special rules for working the mino and the safety of the miners were not established according 'to the Mines Regulation Act 39 Vic. No. 31., Defendant's defence was that : the. colliery was not being worked as a mine, but only in preparation for development of the mine, and he did not consider the Act was framed with the intention of applying to an undeveloped mine, where only two or three men were employed to ( obtain coal for the engines to pump water from the mine. Mr. Perrott sustained the defence, and gave a verdict accordingly, dismissing the ' case. Probably an appeal will be made to the Supreme Court. An extraordinary occurrence recently took place in the Roman Catholic Cathedral, Great Clyde Street, Glasgow, where two detec tives arrested a young Irishwoman ; named Jennie Trainor while on her knees before the altar,' charged with having fraudulently obtained goods from a warehouse in Argyle Street. It appears that the woman entered the warehouse named, and represented that she had been sent by a lady for sixteen yards of cashmere cloth and some lining. Suspecting there was something wrong about the purchase, the police were communicated with. The woman, suspecting she was being watched, sought refuge in the cathedral, the door of which happened to be open. The detectives followed her into the sanctuary, where they found her kneeling before the altar witli the parcel at her side. When Willoughby Andrews was being taken away from the Coroner's Court in a cab on Tuesday, a bookmaker's clerk standing among the crowd called out to him, 'Good- bye, Willoughby, old man,' 'Don't say good bye,' was the reply, 'but au revoir.' 'It's good-bye forever with you,' rejoined the clerk. Then said Andrews : ' I'll bet you two to one, and you can pay me on the other side.' In the case of Wells — charged with the murder of his mother at Penrith two years ago by putting her down a well, where the body was afterwards found, in .which prisoner confessed to the police,, but being pronounced insane was sent to an asylum until last October, when he was discharged cured, but afterwards re-arrested : for ithe murder— the jury found him not guilty on the ground of insanity. A meeting of the South Sydney electors was held at the New Masonic Hall on Tuesday night to hear an address from Mr. - Walter Edmunds, M.L.A. Speaking on the federation question Mr. Edmunds said that the protec tionists gloried in the goal of federation, but they aimed at it through protection. ..'Diverse tariff's were an insuperable obstacle in the way of federation at the present time. Let pro tection be the prevailing policy of New South Wales, and federation would be achieved in six months ; but let New South Wales remain freetrade, and federation'would' come never. ?One of the -great advantages which Chinese teas are said to possess over those of India is their greater wholesomeness. On this subject the British Consul at Hankow, in his last report, gives a- table of : analyses of the two kinds of tea' made by Professor Dittmar, F.RIS.j from which it appears that. .the. quantity of tannin in Indian tea is 9 '68 per' cent., and in Chinese , , After; twenty minutes' infusion of 100 grains of'each','' there is present in th^ respective liquors 2-96 grains thenic and 6'53 grains. tannin in the Indian and 3-37 grains thenic and 3/86 grains tannin in the Chinese tea. . . .. At the Criminal Court, a Chinaman charged, with indecent assault on a girl under 'twelve years of age, arid Mary .Curran and Annie Ourran, mother and daughter, charged witli being accessories before the 'fact, were found guilty, and 'each sentenced to five years. The jury recommended the Chinalnan to mercy ; as they thought lie had been led'into' the crime by the women.1 The evidence disclosed that the Chinaman went to the house to sell goods, when Annie Curran made a' diabolical bargain ?with liiin to assault the; child, and afterwards both females left the house whilst the alleged assault was committed., A family let their house' furnished, leaving in it a large dog. 1 The tenant was an old lady wIiq liked to sit in a particularly comfortable chair in the- drawing-roo;n ;? but as the dog was also fond of- '-'the chair slier frequently found him in possession. Being rather afraid of the dog,' she did not dare drive'him out, and therefore used to go to the window and call 'cats!' The ;dog would then rush to the window and bark, and the lady would take possession of tlio chair. One day tho dog entered the room and found the lady in possession of the chair. He ran to the window and barked excitedly.-. The lady got, up to see;, what was the matter, a'nd the dog instantly seated himself in th-J chair. . ... ; .v.,;, A Curious Domestic Tragedy. — A boarding house keeper fell : violently in love with a young fellow who lodged in her house. The husband of the woman proved unusually ac commodating, and not only overlooked the irregularities of his spouse, but offered to do all in his power to facilitate a divorce in order that the couple might be legally happy. At thp last moment, however, the husband's latent jealousy or love was aroused, and he forthwith relieved his outraged feelings by shooting tho other fellow dead. The' alarum clock of ordinary lifo is a nuisance, but a brief one. When it strikes up its melody at the hour when you ought to be getting up in the morning — and meant to do the night before — you have only to wait till the noise has ceased, turn round, and sleep tiie more soundly for the interruption. 'It is otherwise with the awakening used by the mail carriers of Morocco. They tie a string round their foot, and before lying down to sleep set one end of it on fire. They know, by experience, that the string will burn for a certain: time, and that when it reaches the foot it is time to get up. — The Hospital. Tho s.enior senator from New York was talking on the , floor of the Senate with Senators Edmunds and Palmer, and the Vermonter, looking critically at the apparently frail representative of the Empire State, said — 'I don't see, Evarfcs, how you stand all this hard work and tho endless round of social duties. Why, it must be a torrible strain upon you, simply to drink the different kinds of wine you get at th'e various houses' you go to.' The different kinds of wine I drink,' replied Mr. Evarts, the ghost of a smile on his features, ' cause me but little concern, so long as they are good. It is the indifferent kinds that upset my digestion.' SomQ years ago, in Paris, there was a small restaurant, known as the Blind Men's Cafe, much frequented by the blind, 'where an orchestra of blind musicians performed for the amusemeftt of patrons. One extremely, dark night. in winter, when a thick fog had fallen upon Paris — so thick that no one could see his way, nor so much as distinguish a street lamp ten feet away, arid when policemen, carrying torches, 'here and there assisted some groping; foot-passenger to find his course — a gentleman, seeing another man walking along confidently and boldly, ventured to. say to him — ' Sir, will you please tell me where you are going 1' 'To, the Palais; Royal,' said the-, gentleman, who was walking with such sure footsteps. ' And how do you find your way so readily V' ' Oh, never mind, I never get lost. Do you ?wish to follow me V' ' Thank, you.' So the first gentleman caught hold of the pocket of the other's, over-coat, and -started after him. Not a thing could - he descry, but his companion marched . confidently. ? along. At length the two- arrived under the familiar arches of the Rue de Rivoli. 'We are safe now,' exclaimed the gentleman who had been led ; ' and may I thank, you for, giving me the advantage of your wonderful eyesight ?' ' Yes, but you must not detain me. Your faltering along the way has already made me a little late for my orchestra.' ' What orchestra?' 'The orchestra in the Blind Men's Cafd.' The man was perfectly blind. The thick fog was - nothing to . him, who had walked in darkness , all his life, Wt had never theless learned his way surely through the great city. 