NEEDLES. "Short, Sharp, Shiny." Change. Smallpox. Don't get scared. Go-as-you-please. "In His Power." Brazil is tranquil. Port Pirie strike over. Parkes answers Gillies. Not sunstroke, but typhoid. Searle ill with typhoid fever. Hopetoun will probably land. Searle is in no immediate danger. Mesmerist Kennedy on Saturday. Half a century for a blighted heart. Fifty pounds for breach of promise. Work resumed at the Tilbury Dock. A breach of promise case yesterday. "In His Power" is a powerful drama. More people for the quarantine ground. Gilmore on "Novels and novel reading." Lord and Lady Kintore return to-morrow. Chairman Smith is reaping the whirlwind. Disorder at the Bathurst gaol quelled at last. Railway Commissioner Smith has left Port Pirie. Victorian Parliament has had a 4 o'clock sitting. Shaw is a union man, and believes in unionism. Judge Boucaut had only one case to try at Gladstone. We shall see Hopetoun after all, and ain't we all glad? Scott was leading in the go-as-you-please this morning. Neil Matterson says Searle gained an easy victory over O'Connor. Brazil thoroughly satisfied with the new system of Government. Australian Natives in Sydney favor the Federation Conference. One widow was too slow, so the other widdy got the man of property. Sixty and sixty-six were to wed, but sixty-six found a widow more spry. Parkes denies that he takes a contemptuous view of the Federal Council. Victoria will float another large loan next year for railway construction. Port Victor people want a weekly excursion train during the summer months. Kemp Penney says there will be no difficulty in obtaining labor for the harvest. Why will people parade their bleeding hearts in an unsympathetic court of justice? Sir Henry James says the Irish National League has not acoounted for £166,000. Mayor Shaw has never paid less than 7s. a day for laborers and 10s. for mechanics. Sir Edward Guinness gives £250,000 to erect dwellings for the poor in London and Dublin. "My dear Intended" was the way one of the love-letters began. Rather formal, wasn't it? Mayor Shaw says we will never allow our working men to be dragged down to the level of serfs. Parkes reminds Gillies that he has often asked him to take the lead in the federation question. Clever Parkes. An elderly woman named Bowes committed suicide at Hermit Park, Townsville. A strange thing in connection with her death is that her throat was cut from the right to the left, though the deceased was a right-handed woman. The cow-keepers of Benares, who number 30,000, have decided to expel liquor drinkers from their caste; and other smaller castes are following the example. In this way 50,000 of the hard-working inhabitants have lately be- come total abstainers. Dr. May, of San Francisco, when called on to give evidence as a medical expert in a murder case, declined to speak unless he was paid in advance, for which piece of shrewdness he was sentenced to six months' imprisonment for contempt of court. In Asiatic Russia (with the exception of Merv and Bokhara, concerning which statistics are not forthcoming) there lie about 29,000 Jews. These form 0.22 per cent. of the entire population, whereas in Russia in Europe the proportion of Jews is 4.3 per cent. At Indianopolis, Robert Marval, aged 86, has died after fasting 67 days. He drank not more than one gallon of milk during that period, and he was reduced to a skeleton. The fatal result was brought about by apoplexy and paralysis. His fast is stated to be the longest on record. A new minor planet has been discovered by Professor Peters at Clinton, New York. It is of the tenth magnitude, and at the time of dis- covery was in right ascension 22 hours 15 minutes 17 seconds (increasing 48 seconds daily), and north polar distance 101 degrees 3 minutes (decreasing 10 minutes daily). Two ancient aqueducts have just been dis- covered in Athens—one, large and fit for use, in the part called Goudi, towards Hymettus; the other, made of brick, in the city itself, be- neath the royal stables. Near the latter have been found several tombs in marble, and in both places fragments of inscriptions, one of them bearing the name of Philagroes. Two singular curiosities have been discovered in the Krouisis claim at Bago, having been dug up at a depth of 40 feet from the surface. One of the objects is a large flat stone, about 18 inches in diameter, beautifully marked with traces of ferns, &c.; The other article, which is quite as large, somewhat resembles in shape the coulter or a plough, and is supposed to be an ancient stone tomahawk. The latest report from Normanton states that Flick, the escaped prisoner, was found with nine bullet wounds in his body, most of which were in vital parts. Circumstances point to the conclusion that he was shot below the ribs while in the hut, the ball passing through his body, notwithstanding which he escaped to the creek, where he received other wounds, causing his death. Flick was buried where he was found. PARLIAMENTARY POINTS. Cohen on geography. Architocta Bill in committee. Bartlett on Fowler's Bay run. Rees discussed the west coast last night. Rees in his element on the Architects Bill. Coles was not satisfied with the Trades Hall report. Rowley sarcastic at the expense of the Scrub farmer. Nash could only start his penny postage proposal. Moule says Bartlett has never visited the west coast. Refrigerating car and cooling chamber on the boards. Hon. members could not stand another mid- night sitting. Caatine wants the refrigerating cars before the summer is over. The Fossils are getting through the Muni- cipal Corporations Bill. Warren wants to beat the record for length of speeches in the Council. Hon. member for Catt again. Stirling the offender this time. Only a slip. Rees talks of the "expressions from the polished dictionary of Mr. Bartlett." A few words from Cohen-—"At Riverton and other places in the south." Oh! The world will surely give up the ghost When Bartlett ceases to talk west coast. Hon. A. Catt did not mind Stirling's slip as long as he did not say it half-a- dozen times. It looks like the end of the session when members sacrifice their motions on Wednesday. The Premier told Coles he had found a mare's nest respecting the Trades Hall report. Batly got a rare chaffing yesterday, for it seems that he has never been to the west coast. The member for Encounter Bay stopped the Trades' Hall report discussion to the disgust of Coles. Hussey said that Kingston sometimes imagines he knows more than any of the offi- cials in the colony. Hussey does not believe in informal motions on private members' day. Might deprive him of an hour or two's talk. Mr. Kingston said the south was crumbling away under the representation of the two members for Encounter Bay. Kingston says Normanville is a most God- forsaken place, and as soon as anyone goes there, he clears out as soon as possible. A few words from Homburg:—"Now I feel —er—with the honorable member—er—for the Sturt—er—Mr. Jenkins—er." He errs a good deal. The Speaker said that Mr. Kingston was quite in order in discussing the population of Normanville, and then there were roars of laughter. The Speaker would not allow Mr. Kingston to discuss the establishment of a local court at Goolwa on national grounds on a motion to proclaim a polling- place at Yankalilla. 