. iRovelteti Tbe Midnight Prophecy «f* OR THE , HEIR OF STRATHSPEY TOWERS. By Emma Gari'ison Jones. CHAPTER LXVII. 'I WILL SAVE irou.' ' I climbed the gory vulture's nest. And found the trembling dove within.' ?The voice of Mother Gwynneth aroused hor from a deep sleep, the sleep of utter . exhaustion. She started up with a thrill of terror. The sun was shining in at the window, and the old woman was placing '.ho tray containing her breakfast on the itiuie. ' Ye slumber late, my lassie,' she re ?' narked, as Maggie sprang up, all dressed as she liad thrown herself down; 'ye .must a keep bad'houra last night; see' — pointed to the empty candlestiek — ' yer candles burnt out.' ''I like to burn my light all night in this ghostly place,' replied Maggie, ? - quietly j but thrilling with terror lest the . dust on her clothes or some disarrange : ment about the room Bhould betray her ; . 'andlgotto rummaging among the dusty : old books, too, to pass away the time — 'tis awfully dull shut up in this way, my . good woman.' 'Wool, weel,' responded the old . . woman, her eyes gleaming wickedly, ? 'twas yer own stubborn will ns brung ye hero ; why dinna ye marry the young laird at once ?' *' Because I was foolish, 1 dare say,' said Maggio. obeying a sudden dote— :,\\- ; ation to pretend sAa was being coii'- - : » U in order to ward. off suspicion; 'but Lord Angus should have been patient and not whisked me off and shut me up like a prisoner. I can't forgive him.' ' Yes, ye can,' coaxed Mother Gwyn uetli. 'Why .lie done it all fur love of ? ye, and he bo a braw young laird as any : lassie need be proud to win. Ye'll for gia him an'meot him wi' a kiss when ho gets back from Lunnon, won't ye now?' , , Maggie tossed: her head with a oharm ing coquettish air. ; ' When does he come ?' she asked. ' To-morrow, mebbe ; he thought to be gone a woek, but Berkifc came last night an' says ho'll bo back sooner — so ye may bo lookin' yer puttiest. Coom, here's yer \- ' breakfast all hot now ; sit ye down an' ? eat, an' don't fret any more ; ? I shall be 1 busy to-day, since tho young laird cooins \- . to-morrow.' \- , . She loft the room, looking it after her, j ,, 'and Maggie heard her go shuffling down the groat stairway with the blood-hound \- ' ' ( whining nt her heels. He followed the old ; ? ,i ..creature wherever she went. ' To-morrow ! Lord Angus coming baok ' to-morrow ! Oh, what should she do ? ? ' How should she escape ? She sat for a long time in deep s thought. There seoraed to be no hope, and she oamo to her;decision in silent | calmness. If the woifst came she would slip_ through tho aperture, replace the sliding panol, and lie down in the awful gloom somewhere below- andditf. They would never find her for it was evident -tlioy know nothing of the secret pas -_?' .But it would be a dreadful end to life ind her old father mourning over her T ''loss. V ' And tho Bnrl of Strathspey 1 At thought of liim she started up. The re nienibranco of his White facc and hungry ' . ,oyes thrilled her with new hope. She ' J ' crossed over to the table. The breakfast ' . , . .,j was very tempting and she waB weak and i .hungry. She ate one cake, a little bit of i ithe broiled bacon, and swallowed a mouth i ' f ul of tea ; the remainder she reserved for the poor sufferer below. But dare she ?v,.. attempt to mrke the descent by. daylight 1 , 'What if some one should enter her room ' and'find tho panel open, the secret stair way revealed ? , . , - But she eould not bear to let the earl famish throughout the long, long day. . Sho resolved to risk it. . ; . Taking the food in her apron as before . , the removed the panel and hurried down. When she reaohod tho vaulj^she was 2 breathlou. The peer, reolining on hiB bed of atone, heard her comffig and arose to meet hor, his white face eager and . trailing. It had seemed an eternity since ihe left him. She spread her breakfast before him ?nd invited him to partake of it. 'But, my little friend,' he said, ing toward the food, in spite of his will, 'I cannot prolong my life at the cost of yours— you bring me your food while you , we starring I' „ , _ 'Oh, ni{,' sho cried. 'No, indeed. I havo oaten somo, aud I shall have moro at noon— please eat it, and try to got your qttaosth : von will need It) all. And I muac leave you again this; moment; I will oome again; iu the meantime, remain quiot, and do not despair. The darkest ! hour is just bofore the dawn.' She fltd away as she had come, with noiselesB stops, up tho spiral stairs, and back to her prison. The morning wore away. Noon came, and a hoffiSeptomber sun blazed down upon tho ho^ry battlements; the long, long afternoon, tfte cool gray twilight, and ot last, at last the silent night. Maggie. threw aside the old volume she had been trying in vain lo read, and went to the window-jvith a sigh of relief. The day had seemed so endless, and she had longed for the night with a. vague hope. A groundless hope, alas, for there was not tne most remote possibility of escape. Yet sho longed with feverish im patient for the darkness, and welcomed it now, and watched the great white stars, flashing out in the far-off sky, with tear dimmed eyes. Her keeper came up with her supper and a iittle morsel of candle that would not last through half tho night. ' I won't have ye watching the night through, an' makin' a ghost o' yersel,' she said ; ' go to bed liko a gudo lasBie ; yer braw young sweetheart will be here to-morrow.' Maggie shuddered and sat down by the easement, that foolish, vague hope still tormonting her. She reserved her supper for the earl, intending to take it down to him by and by. Slowly the hours went by, and she sat there counting her own heart-beats. She could hear the fir trees moaning in the September winds, and the sea beating on the sandB below, and at last, after wonry, weary waiting, she heard, that.Tfor which she had hoped with suoh feverish unrest. The 8\yeefc flute-notes 'set to the music of the de'ar 'o}d song, ' The Camp bells aro coming.' Assured now that it was intended as a signal to herself, she arose, in a tromor of excitement, and lit her bit of candle. Then sho made her way out; and started np the dizzy stairs again. Impatience winged hor feet, and she. made the long and tiresome ascent very speedily. A stout wind was blowing when she reached the tower-chamber, and she hurried her candle into a sheltered corner lest it should be blown out. Then she tore a strip from her apron, and twisting it into a wisp, Flit it at the blaze, and hastening to the window threw it out as before. The wind caught it and whirled it away, like a flaming pennon in the dark ness, and swift as thought, from below, came the dulcet numbers of ' Highland Mary.' Maggie knew that she was answered. A delicious thrill stirred her heart, and a bright bloom suffused her waxen oheeks as he gazed down the dizzy distance. She could see a man's figure crossing the barren heath below, and raising ar arm, ever and anon, with a warning gesture. She watched the dark, tail figure with fascinated eyes. It aDproached the base of the ruins with rapid steps, and then she lost sight of it. Still she did not re move her fascinated gaze, .but continued to lean over the stone sill, her eyes strained down into the shadowy , depths below. Ten minutes passed in dend Bilence I Then, all at once, a- strain of '.exquisite melody broko on her ear. And, wonder of wonders, it came, not from the heath below, but from some near point. Her heart throbbod with painful rapidity, and sh« drow back half in terror. Ten minuteB more 1 The great owl, startled from his roost in the ivy, flew out with a wild cry, and in the after silence the girl caught, at intervals, the sound of hoarse, panting respirations. Impelled by some emotion stronger than her terror, she leaned far out into the night, and she caught sight of a man's head protruding above the clustering ivy. A low, startled crv escaped her Hds. It was instantaneously answered. ' Be quiet,' spoke a clour, firm voice, a voice that inspired her 'with confidence and courage ; 'do not fear; I am coming to help you.' ' Oome on 1' she responded, still look ing out. The ivy vines that clung about the lofty tower began to shake and rustle, tho panting respirations came nearor, and presently the man's hoad came distinctly into view — a handsome, blonde head, and a pair of shining, resolute blue eyes. Their owner was accomplishing tho dar ing feat of climbing the ' Border Watch tower'' by aid of the ivy vines that covered it. He came up cautiously, but fearlessly, now clinging by his armB, now finding a foothold against the rugged masonry. Maggie grew sick .and faint as she watched him, but he smiled up into her white face, as it hung 'over him in the silvery moonlight; and in another breath he swung himself up to the window-sill, and leaped in. Covered with perspiration, and almost gasping from hiB great exertion, his close fitting hunting-jacket torn into shreds, his handsome face flushed, his blondo curls all in a tumble ; yet Maggie knew him in an instant. Ho was tho young stranger who had drawn her from under the horse's feet at the' 'Lion and the Unicorn,' and to whom she appealed for help when Lord Angus forced her away. Her eyes brightened, and a lovely color roso to her cheeks. She extended her hand with a shy but exquisite grace. 'I remember you,' she said, simply; ' and you have risked your life to come to me?' The young man bowed, and took the cold little fingers in his own shapely hand. 'No, not quite that,' he replied. ' 'Twas a olose thing, I'll admit, but I've a talent for olimbing, and the ivy is strong and safe ; my life was in no danger. But I'm glad you remember me,' he added, with a flashing glance, ' because _ I've never forgotten you for one single moment ; sleeping or waking, your fuce has haunted me. 1 knew you were not mad, as they asserted, and I determined to save you.- . I followed the carriage that bore you away that night, and saw you conveyed into this place j 'and finding no other mode of entrance, you see, 'I've olimbed the gory vulture's nest.' Aud now, what can I do for you ?' ' Help me to escape,' replied Maggie, promptly. 'If I remain till to-morrow, a fate worse than death will be mine.' Ho considered a moment, his handsome faco turnod toward tho sotting moon. 'First, toll me,' ho f' u how you ovor managed i if, as I infer, son 1 wt o ' ! ' [ soner. You surely did not ascend by the seoret stairway ?' ...' Yes, I did,' Maggie replied. ' Idis covered it by chance, atid ca'me' up here attracted by the sound of your flute ;* but I fancied no one knew that such a stair way existed.' The young man smiled, showing hia handsome white teoth. 'You fancied : rightly. 1 stumbled upon it by chance,, like- yourself, when this 'old place was unoccupied and I was here on an investigating tour ; but I can't well believe that yiit had the courage to ascend it.' ' - ? ? , ? r 'I did,' said ^Maggie. '1 would go through the gates of death, I think, to make my escape.' He flashed another glance upon her from his bright blue eyes; : ' ' Come, then,' he said ; ' we have no time to jose, and there is but one way. Tho. doors and 'gates . are . barred , and bolted, and Mother Gwynneth and her blood-hound are playing sentinel. ' We must go down by the ivy.' ' Maggie started in surprise, and grew a shade paler as she glanced down the dizzy distance. 'There's no danger,' replied the stranger, encouragingly ; 'if you will only trust me, I will save you. Come 1' He held out his hand, and Maggie drew near. 'Now you'll have #to cling to me with all your strength — here, this way, so that I can use my hands in descending, and do not fear; you look like a brave girl.' She permitted him to clasp her close, while she twined her arms about his stal vWarti Shoulders. He was just on tho point of springing through the window,' when' she uttered a quick cry 1 ' Oh, I had forgotten I' she ^exclaimed'; ' how utterly selfish I am in my eager ness. -40. save myself. ' There is another prisoner in'this' old' castle — away down in the old donjon keep, the Earl of Strath spey lies dying. We must save him — I won't leave him behind.' The young man turned and faced her, a curious expression in hiB eyes. ' What do you say ?' he cried ; ' the Earl of Strathspey a prisoner here f' ' Yes — his own son, or the boy rather, who has been reared as his son, lured him here by a false letter, and locked him in the denjon to die. Providence sent me down to him, I think, and I saved his life by sharing my food with him.' 'And why should this boy lure his father here, and leave him to die V' ques tioned the stranger, a slight tremor run ning through his clear voice. ' The earl suspects that the boy is not his son, and talks of renouncing him, and the young man wants to murder him, and secure the earldom.' For the space of an instant the young man stood silent, a slow flush arising to his fair, clear-cut face. ' Well,' he ejaculated at last, 'of all strange things, this is the strangest, the Earl of Strathspey incarcerated hero by his son aud heir. I can scarcely believe it.' 'It is true,' cried Maggie, oagorly ; 'and he will die — ho looks like death now— and I have carried him no food since morning. Oil, sir, can't you help me!' 'Of course I will— I'll rouse the officers of the law, and ransack this old ghost nest from top to bottom-: — ' ' But every moment is precious,' inter posed Maggie ; ' the young Lord Angus, as he is called, falsely enough too, for I have the proof that he is no Bon of the earl.' -? What, you have the proof ?' ?'Yes — I found it, as I seem to find everything, by mere chance, in tho flan nel mantlo worn by that poor little babo that was found, 011 the Tyrol, mountain — tho written proof that ? ' ' Hist 1' cried the young man, catching at her arm, ' there's a carriage below put out your candle, quick !' .. Maggie darted across to tho corner in which the candle flickered, and ex tinguished it with a breath, thon she turned to the window, gazing cautiously down. A two-wheeled vehicle containing a couple of men was bowling up the gravel walk. In a second they paused at thegreat gate, and one of thein leaped out, and proceeded to unlock it. Maggie had a fair' view of the other as he sat in the white moonlight. 'Oh, heavens 1' she whispered, her cheeks paling with terror, 'it is Lord Angus, the earl's son ; wo are lost ?' ' Nay,' replied the stranger, ' not lost yet. See, they have entered — Mother Gwynneth's blood-hound bids them wel come. Come 1' He clasped her firmly with one arm and approached the window. , ' But the earl ?' gasped Maggie, shiver ing with terror, as she heard the fierce baying of the beaBt below. ' I'll save him,' replied the young man, quietly; 'but you must bo got into a safe place first. Come — the moments are precious.' And clasping her once more, ho leaped lightly through tho window and Bwung himself out. CHAPTER LXVUI. THE hermit's CATS. 'Now cling to me with all your might,' he said, gently, 'and don't look down ; keep your eyes on the moon. Poor little dove, do not tremble so ; I'll not let; you fall.' .He swung himself out, holding on to tho window-sill, and Maggie clasped him close with her lithe, young arms, her wide, brown eyes fixed upon the white Septem ber moon, dropping slowly out of sight behind the Soottish hills. Down he', went, swinging himself from .one ;t\v;isting vine to another, never for one moment loosen ing his firm clasp. Maggie could feel his heart throbbing with great bounds, and hear him breathing in gasps, so tremend ous was his exertion. High fellowship begets love, it is said, and I think tho old doctor's fair daughter verified tho old saying, in her hazardous descent that higlit. If she did not love this brave young stranger, who held her so firmly in his arms, nnd risked his life for her . sake, with evory breath ho drew, her heart was filled with a boundless gratitude. Down aud down, from one gnarled vine to an other, past the hoary battlements, past the mulhoned windows, now suspended in mid-air, anon sliding down tho rugged rock, deceived by a treaoherous hold, but safoatlast. Maggie's feet touched tho crisp, brown ... of tho blighted heath, at tho base of \- ? eat tower ; her braro knight relaxed ' his firm olasp, reeled for a moment, pant ing and gasping for breath, and then stood nobly erect. 1 Oh, what shall I ever do to repay you ?' began Maggie, in her gratitude, but he cut her short. ' Hush,' he Baid, grasping her hand; .' we shall have the blood-nound at our heels. Come I' He hurried her across the heath, round the skirt of the fir thicket, and under the base of the mountain, toward the cavern known as the ' 1 Hermit's Cave. ' The entrance was 'n lescribaMy gloomy in the fitful light of the setting moon ; a great, yawning: chasm opening under a rooky roof, curtained by black fir-branches and rank growing vines. ? , Ho smiled down upon: her as they nearod this' dismal entrance, ? something unutterably tender and reassuring in his bright, resolute eyes. ' Don't be afraid, little one,' ho 'said,'! kindly ; ' you have been very brave to- j night. ' Wo are safe now — a friend of j mine lives in this gloomy cave— a good and wise old man, whose hospitality we must share to- night. You can trust me, can you not?' 'I can trust you,' said Maggie, quietly. - He led her on through a kind of rooky tunnel, dark and damp, which led at last into a wide, reverberating cavern. Away at the remote end a taper glimmered, and as they drew near, Maggio perceived a little square .compartment, formed in a turn:of tho cavern, fitted up as a human dwelling. At .their approach an old man, wearing . the' garb of an ancient monk, with a black cowl on his head, and a white, flowing beard, appeared in the entrance. ' 'Who comes?' ho demanded, his voice awakening a thousand sepulchral echoes. 'A friend,' responded the young man. At the sound of his voice the hermit advanced to meet them. ' You are welcome, my son,' he said ; then his eye falling on Maggie, who clung j to her deliverer's arm half in terror, he added, ' You have succeeded, I see — come, my ohild,' extending his hand to her, 'the hermit bids you welcome.' He led her into his rude little temple, and seated her on the benoh before the wood fire that blazed in one corner. 'You are white and cold,' he said, turning to a small table, and pouring some wine from a flask, 'drink this, it will do you good.' Maggie obeyed, and felt the rare old vintage tingling through her chilled veins, and brinsinz a slow to her cheeks. ' And you,' my son,' continued the her mit, turning to the young man, 'look worn out— a drop, will renew your strength.' But the young man shook his head. 'No wine for me,' he said, Bmiling, ' but a glasB of cold water, if you please —and five minutes to. breathe in, then I must leave this young lady in your care, and bo off again — the Earl of Strathspey is a prisoner in the old donjon.' The hermit turned in amazement. 'The Earl of. Strathspey a prisoner! How can that be ?' 'The man who bears his name, who has been reared as hia son, has confined him there to die. ' And whereforo ??' ' To secure the earldom — the earl doubted that, he was in truth his son, and talked of renouncing him.' For a minute tho two looked into each other's eyes, and then the hermit laid his hand upon the young man's shoulder. 'I see!' lie answered, solemnly; 'Romulus, my son,' Heaven's justice may be sloiGj but it is sure /' Tho young man sat silent an instant, and then he arose. ; : . ' I must not delay,' he said ; ' every moment tells, and the earl must be rescued this night.' ? ? ' Why not'eall out the proper authori ties, and have the ruinB searched ?' sug gested the hermit, , 'That. would take time in. this wilder ness,' replied the other,' 'and the earl's enemies would be pretty sure to murder him while a pair of officers are pounding sit the gates. No j I'll try it myself. I've olimbed the tower twice to-night, and I'll make the third attempt. I can get on better without help than with it.' Ho started down the cavern, and then turned back abruptly. ? ' If anything should befall me,' he said, coolly, ' and I don't return, you will see that this young lady is restored to hor friends 1' ' I will,' replied the hermit. ? ' But, my son, do not rashly throw away your lil'o. ' ' I shall save the earl, and myself too, if possible,' was his quiet answer. 'I think I'm a match for Mother Gwynneth and all her emissaries, the blood-hound included.' Ho took a short knife from a crevice overhead, and put it in his belt as he spoke.' ? Maggie watched him, with whitening eliceks, her very heart sinking within her. Sho arose, arid, oxtcnded hor'liand. ' You risked your life to save mo,' she faltered, 'aud I have not evon thanked you — -and now- ? ?' 'My success 'in saving is ample re ward,' he replied, taking her trem bling hand, and retaining it in his firm clasp. ' You are not afraid to re main here ?' lie added. ' Why do you tremble so ?' ' Not afraid— oh, no, not for myself— but for your safety,' she murmured, dropping, her eyes shyly beneath his gaze. . A sudden light flashed over her hand some face, and he raised the little hand he held to his lips, with grave reverence. ' Do not fear,' he replied, gently ; ' I shall conio to no harm. Farewell !' He turned again to go, but looked back, struck with a sudden remembrance. ' You said. you had proof,' I10 said, ' that this man who bears the earl's name is not his son. May I ask what proof ?' Maggie resumod her seat, and, with a deprecating glance, and a movement of exquisite grace and modesty, removed the bo.ot from her dainty foot,' and extracted' the yellbw paper from its hiding placo be neath the lining. ' I put it there for safe keeping,' she explained, as:'she handed it to tho young man. ' I had only found it when I was drugged and forced from homo.' IIo ran it over with his keen bluo oyos, a hot flush mounting to hia oheoks. Thon ho passed it to tho hermit. 'Little girl,' he said, turning again to Maggie, ' I think there is somo power, higher and more divine than mere chance, at. work for us nil to-night. You will think so to, by and by. Gocd-bye.' And, with a bow and smile, he dis appeared, and Maggie waa left alone in the hermit's cave. . To be c ontinued . 