OPERA HOUSE. A good deal of interest was taken in the presentation of " Hamlet" at the Opera House on Saturday night. The play being billed for one night only, few expected anything like a satisfactory production as far as scenic effects were concerned. They were not disappointed. The mounting was slovenly and poor, as far as furnishing is concerned, and the scenery, with the exception of the one spot where the ghost of the murdered king reveals to Hamlet the crime, was unworthy of the Opera House. The principal interest on the part of the audience was in the Hamlet of Mr. Charles Warner. There is no character perhaps in Shakspeare's plays, which is more attractive. Hamlet seems to be to the aspiring actor what Lucia de Lammermoor is to the young prima donna. Audiences frequently look upon each as affording respectively test of the quality of followers of the legitimate or lyric drama. Mr. Warner's performance was uneven ; except in two or three instances, it lacked power, and, compared with recent performances of the part in this city-and such comparison is legitimately "suffered considerably. At times Mr. Warner was by no means distinct in his speech, and this, to the many who listen for. every word of the great master's lines was a serious disappoint- ment. There were occasions when a high degree of excellence was attained, but these tended to more distinctly mark the prevailing dulness. As far as the other characters generally were concerned, Mr. Warner was well supported. Miss Ada Ward as the Queen was in every way successful, and in the chamber scene with Hamlet, where the latter sees again his father's ghost, and where Polonius is slain her acting was full of force, the close being highly effective. Miss Warner was a graceful Ophelia, and in the lighter incidents of the mad scene she quite deserved the applause bestowed upon her, but the representation went no further. The great grief, the grief which over- comes the reason of Ophelia when she learns of her father's death, found no place in the character as Miss Warner gave it. Mr. Herbert Flemming aq Horatio played consistently throughout. The part of the Ghost, generally regarded as one of the most important of the play, was intrusted to Mr. Vincent, and he did full justice alike to the part and his own high reputation. As the player later on he was scarcely so successful. Mr. R. Stewart, jun., was a picturesque Laertes. Mr. Olly Deering I took the parts of Polonius and the First Grave Digger, and especially in the latter was very good indeed. As the King Mr. Marsh left little to be desired. The minor parts were filled by competent members of the company. In addition to the usuahorchestral music Mr. Seymour Dicker presided at the organ behind | the scenes, the effect of the play being somewhat heightened thereby. To-night a dramatised version of Tennyson's "Dora" and the farcical comedy "The Barrister" will be played. 