. SUNDiAY L1ESS(ON FOIl CHILDREN. (Br A SENIOn Scno.Aln.) Read Gonesis viii. 20 to 23 and ii. 8 to 17\. The saripture narrelive tells us that thle rain continued forty days, and that all flesh died except those oho had ontered into thu sre. Those enhohod Bought safety in the ray that God appointed were saved. The deluge continued for hbone an hundrod and fifty dayc. Noah learned how fastthlo ateors sere abating by sending out from the ark, first a raven, then a dove at intervnals of seven days; and sehen the dove returned soith a green olive leaf in its beak, Noah knew that the earth was dry. fut whpreas he had entered the ark at God's bidding, ho faited sntil he seas biddeo before he finally left his plsce of refuigo. Withl feelings of deep thankful n iso he left thse art. sohile doubtless a grest soltomnity filled his soul as he looked on thei disastrous effects of tho flood. His famuily eero tho only huaan boingsanved, nod althoutgls the grass was beginning to groand stfee of thanksgiving for threesof the disastraunseaFters snossid he seea all driod. To Noah the sacrifilct devoted conthe eonseccntion of himself to God's serice, that the new life which had been given to lsissssaoatdbe speet iareaaenitisa thereof. His aot snd Preserver had the frsnt claim sspon his alleetions and life. st the same timeo in the sacrifice Noah recognised that he too deserved death bheouse of sin, but he prayed that God would accept the life of the sacriflce in his stead. It was both a pesyor fee pardon, sad a solemn sonsesra. tis at himself asd his fsmity ta please God. 'iche snusa at gratisado ea nn o strong in Noah that the snorda of the beautiful po lt sould fitly express his inmost ~hou'ghta,0 sv<a " Take my life and lot it be Consocrnted Lord to thee." Whenever, and by whomsoever, such a surrender has been made, it has been accpeted. And in the same manner as Abel's offering was shown to be pleasing to God, so Noah's sacrifice was ccopted. WVe read, " The Lord smelled a sweet savour," a Hebrew expression meaning pleasure and gratification. and the Lord said "I will not again curse the ground any more for man's sake." In giving this promise God also appointed a sign that it should never be repealed. Across the western sky as the rising son shone upon the dark retreating clouds, there was seen a glorious arch of blue, and orange, and red, and purple, bound together by invisible cords, and reaching from the horizon almost to the zenith, and God said " This is the pledge of the convenant which I make between me and you and every living creature that is with you for perpetual generations, I do set my bow in the cloudy - and It shall come to pass that when I bring a cloud over the earth, that the bow shall be seen in the cloud, and I will remember my covenant, and the waters shall no more become a flood to destroy allo flesh." The rainbow is, therefore, a pledge of God's faithfulness in keeping His promise, a sign of His goodness and mercy to Noah, the second great head of the human family, and a token to all men that He will extend the same mercy and providence to all who present their bodies " a living sacrifice" to serve and please Him. The glorious arch that spans the heaven After the summer shower; A pledge of hope to man was given Of mercy and of power. T'he beauteous shades that bind the rifts Of dlrkest thunder cloud; lReveal the sevenfold sacred gifts By Holy Ghost outpoured. 0 God, whose promise never fails To give earth's rich increaseo; In darkest hour, when sin prevails, Show is Thy bow of poleace. 