' SABBATH OBSERVANCE. The question of : Sabbath Obsorvaneo was treated by the Rev. Mr. Gibson in a sermon which ho delivered on Sunday ovoniug last at the AVcst Melbourne Presbyterian Church. The rev. gentleman took for his toxt Mark II., xxvii. Tho Sabhath was rasde for uian, And not man for tlio Sabbath. Hardly any statement, lio said, oould bo more pointed, hardly any could be more luminous, on so important a subject as Sabbath observance than that which is contained in thoso few and simple words, " Tho Sabbath was mado for man, and not man for tho Sabbath." Liko many others of Christ's utterances, this one reveals, as by a sudden flash of light, tho whole difference between the right way and the wrong way of looking at things, and backed as it is by sovoral statements of St. Paul's, especially by Romans xiv., b, wo Bhould have thought that tbe last word had'beep spoken and a final judgment givon as to whether there is anything in tha institution of Sunday to mako tho clay specially saored, or as to whother between 12 o'oloek ono night and the same timo the following night a man may not, without committing a sin, do many things whioh at other times are highly cummondablo and calculated to benefit both his body and soul. First, then, as to tho institution of a day of rest, lot mo remark there is no law excopt that of usage or custom, and no sanction, except that of expedieney, for tho apppointment of tho first day of the woek or any other day as a Christian Sabbath. True, it is currently supposed that by somo command of a' divine character man was made for tho Sabbath and not tho Sabbath for man, so that we should fit ourselves into its requirements, whatover these requirements may bo ; but whereas the seventh day of the weok, viz., our Saturday, was appointed . under tho Mosaic dispensation as a day of rest from all sorts of labor among the Jews, be it said 'here, aud be it said openly, with- out fear of contradiotion, that there is no law having the oxpress sanction of tho Divine will which ordains that in lieu of the seventh day, whioh is the Jowish Sabbath, thoro shall bo one day set apart as a Christian Sabbath. It may bo arguod, and that quite reasonably, that wo should follow tlio example set by tho Jews, and that it is really desirablo to have a day of rest (ou this I shall have something to say subsequently) but it is, lot me remark, one thing, to argue for Sabhath obsorvance as a thing that is expedient and desirable, and it !b quito another thing to say witli somo people that wo havo no choice in the matter, and that we must for fear of guilt conform to the regu lations of a supposed inoral law. Understanding this, then, wo should surely never again be offended by such blasphemy as was onco in dulged in by a minister of the Secession Chureh oi Scotland, who. is reported to havo said, con- oerning tho running of the first Sunday coach between Edinburgh and G'asgow, that it was " contrary to the lawB of God, coutrary to tho most couolusivo and constraining reasons as signed by God, and caloulated not only to pro mote the hurt and ruin of tho nation, but also the eternal damnation of multitudes." Understanding, this, moreover, that it is only a matter of expediency whether we keep ono day in seven apart from the others as a Christian Sabbath, surely it should bo impossible, or at least it should bo regarded as foolish, to enter tain tho idea, onco held by a worthy dootor of tho Free Chureh of Scotland, that it is a sin, and not moroly inexpedient or unnecessary, on the Sabbath day to cook a meal or brush one's boots. In Christ's timo, wo may remark, tho burdens imposed on men's consciences with reference to Sabbath observance wero oven hnidcr to bear than such as I have referred to. The Fharisccs'objccted cvon to works of morcy being performed on the Sabhath. Thoy found fault with Christ and his disciples for plucking ears of corn to satisfy thoir hunger, and they further raised a diffioulty about . healing a man with a withered hand on tho Sabbath day. But so far from approving this rigid Sabbatarian spirit, Ho who taught that wo should not willingly givo offence to anyone, wub bold enough not merely to with stand people's prejudices, but also to claim for man too right of suiting tho Sabbath to iiis own needs. Nay moro, in tho spirit of his Master, tho Apostle Paul went so far as to say that there is no such tiling in tho Christian dis pensation as setting one day apart above all othors, liko tbe Jewish Sabbath, as a day quito different in character from other days and quite distinct as to tlio manner of its observance. Both Christ aud St. Paul regarded Sabbath observance as right and proper — this must be allowed and this should be remembered ; but neither of them would tio men down to a particular way of observing Sabbath, as to a Procrustean bed, so that they should not move, aud they should not speak except in so far as tbo restrictions of a definite law allowed. As far, , indeed, as tho particular day to be observed is concerned, wo find tbo apostle expressly saying, in Romans xiv. 5, that a man may choose any day he pleases as a Sabbath day ; nay, more, that a man may esteem overy day alike for the service and worship of God, tho Apostio'B idea being that it is not the day that is important, but rathor tho question whether a man is disposed at all to reverence his Maker and to serve Him faithfully, not one day, but every day of tiie weok, iu ail he says and thinks and does. Further, as tho Apostle taught, so did the fathers of the church and tho Protestant reformers. Cyril, ahout the year 345, in the spirit of a liigliht and more comprehensive worship than obtained amongst tlio Jews, counselled his followers to " rejeotall obsorvaneo of Sabbaths," and Joiome, about 390, discarding what St. Paul calls "tho weak and beggarly oleimonts" of formal religion, such as the observance of days and months and times and years (Gal. iv. 9-10), describes with- out any sign of disapproval how Christians in his day, after having been to church in tho morning, went about on Sunday to their ordin ary occupations, such as the making or mending of garments, &o.; So tho Reformers. Luther expressly says— "The fourth commandment literally interpreted does not apply to us Christians, for it is entirely outward, like other ordinances of tho Old Testament, all of which are loft free, by Christ." Molanchthou again says, "The Scripture allows that wo aro not hound to keep tlio Jewish Sabbath; yet," he adds, pointing to tho real origin of onr present. Sunday, " because it was requisite to appoint a certain day that the peoplo might know when to assemhlo together, it appeared that the ohurch appointed op this purpose tho Lord's day." Likewise tho martyr Tyndal declares, "As for the Sabbath wo are lords over it, and may yet change it into Monday or any other day, as we seo need ; or wo may make overy tenth day holy day, only if wo seo cause why. Noithor need wo any holy day at all if the people might bo taught without it." Last of all, Calvin repudiates what ho calls "the frivolities of false prophets, who in later times" (presumably ours) "havo instilled Jowish ideas into tho people. Those," he adds, "who thus adhere to the Jowish institution go tlirico as far as the Jews themselves in the gross and carnal superstition of Subbatism." Tlius spako tho Reformers and early church fathers regarding the authority for appoint ing ono day in soyen to bo a holy day ; but their praotice was just as good as their preaching ; for wo read not only that John Knox and Luther feasted their friends oh Sunday, but also that when the Scottish reformer wont to visit John Calvin one Lord's day, ho found tho striotest and sternest perhaps of all tho Reformers playing ot bowls in his back garden, and neither of theso good men soepi to have thought for a moment that tha enjoyment of so innocent a recreation would imperil at the day of judgment their immortal souls. But now, in the second place, to hear tbo other side of tho question, let me indicate what true liberalism in the obser vance of Sunday means. That there is another sido to this question, as in the case of most ques tions, is only too ovident. For whilo many people claim to be lords of tho Sabbath day, and to bo freo to do on that day anything that would bo quite proper on another day, still moro in our midst have really no Sabbath day at ali, neither one day nor another, ail their days being equally dull and equally frivolous, equally shameful and equully laborious, void alike of any high interest in spiritual things, and of any desire to onjoy that rest for body and soul which, whatever oise may be said about Sabbath and its obser vance, has a charm to soothe the troubled breast which no weary toiler or thinker may well dis pense with. Now to go back to Christ and the other teaoherB to whom I havo referred. There is nothing, let me Bay, in their teaching to approve of this ntter dis regard for spiritual things, and this utter carelessness about muu's woll-boing. Neither in their teaching, nor in that of any man worth listening to, is there any cncouragoraent to bring all our days down to ono oommou lovol of dull vexatiousness and stupid frivolity, whereas there is everything that is caloulated to make not one day merely, but every day of the weak, chime to tho harmonies of tho divine life with its "righteousness and peace and joy in the Holy Ghost." ' Christ said, "The Sabbath was mado for man, and not man for tho Sabbath." But, mark you, lie did not say there is to be no Sabbath, with its spirit of good works and lovo for God. AAro may suit tho Sabbath to our needs, Booing it was made for us, and not wo , for it. A7o may mako it fit our Higher nature, juBt as wo mako our elothos fit our body, instead of contracting our souls to Buit certain narrow restraints ; but that wo shall go on from ono week's end to another without cultivating our finer and nobler instincts — this is just as desirable as that we should always go in our shirt sleeves, or never oast off tho clothes wo work in. AVo must have a day of rest, a real day of spiritual refreshing ; nay, if possible, we must have wholo weeks of spiritual refreshing, whatever form our refreshment may take ; for hardly otherwise, I venture to say, would the prospect, of heaven itself make life on earth worth living. This, as I believe, is what every inteiligent'man will admit, and this desire to bo clothed in tlio hast nossiw frame of mind some time at hS ( ' not always, and in some special ilcce Well, ' now, as for tho opening of mii-Sl ' and publio galleries or public libraries „ Sunday as special means of grace, which ' pooplo desire, it . seems to me the nOi s question Is whether in tlieso cases, as in the caw 5 of tlio publio services of our church, you can ' men like our organists anil ministers to sacrifice their day of rest altogether or cxchanco it ; another on behalf of the common good of mi„ follow men. It is nonsense to think that Sun ' day is a day of rest for the like of me. Tn l ' ! sense it is, inasmuch a3 the work I have to d i on that day is a real pleasure ; but otherwise il is not So if you can sot men willingly and - gladly to labor for others on Sunday « " ministers and othore nlready do, then I thinl! ! there ib nothing to fear lest a day of rest . should not be found for everv man relievo tho tired body and the jaded mini ' If possible, it should bo provided that Bomn ' speoial tune or times should bo set apart on whioh all may unite in the worship of God and ' in meditation on His truth. Tlii3 is what St j Paul would have had— not 0110 day merely tat i every day of tho week on which to enjoy th« I highest spiritual blessings— and this is what 1 ' behove the most rigid Sabbatarians are afraid wo shall not have, oveu on ono day, in the event of any change in tho presont order. It is f0, ,' everyone, thoroforo, and especially I would sav ' for those who most desire to havo greater free. dom in Sabbath observance, to see to it that ' nothing will hinder but everything conspire '' to make Sunday with its blessings really . '> joyablo without any curtailment, but 'with - ovory enlargement of our spirit nal privileges. ; Tho reformors, remember, to whom I have an. pealed on the other side, were equally strong on ' this sido. Thoy nil insisted strenuously on i keeping tho feast of a Sabhath day. Somo lite i Calvin, were particularly severe against back- sliders, notwithstanding his own apparent'-: laxity. Even Tyndal, the martyr, who claimed - that wo eonlrl do without any special holy davT at all, qualified his claim very significantly bv-"'' saying, " If only tho people might bo taught' without it." Moreover, with respect to the Jowish Sabbath, it should be remembered that at a timo when alavcry was so common as - J in tho days of Moses, it waa aM matter not only of high expediency, tat-lj also of tlio utmost clemency aud consideration''-! for thoso who labored, that at least one. day in ' soven should be absolutely freo from toil to"'.' onablo the slave to expand his soul as well as to" rest his body and take in tho blessed light of I heaven freely nnd fully, to refresh and'! strengthen him for his daily work. Yes, it ty o j fact worth noting for tho benefit of thoso who'' J are inclined to sneer at a too rigid Sabbatarian. - I ism that but for the spirit which insists so -1 strongly now, as in former days, on keeping the J Sabbath day holy, but for something like'that J spirit iu the years gone by, when the claims' 1 of labor wero not so well recognised is 1 they are to-day, wo might never hava I known, exocpt on rare occasions, whnt ara I the joys of a day of rest. Tho truth I is, if it must lie told, that men have themsehey fl to blamo for all the rigid strictness that is com. 1 plained of now. It is due to the licentiousness" I and godlessiiess that preceded the advent of.-i Puritanism, when poople in general neither J cared for themselves nor yet for othors, except I in so far as the passing moment was concerned I and excopt in so far as their own devilish imtsll were to bo gratified. It was the samo with ths'-'S rigor of tbe Mosaic law. It was rendered neoes. 1 sary by the ovils of slavory, and by the evils, 9 too, of mon's Belfish natural lives. I say, then - 1 in conclusion, to God be the praise for putting a it into tho heart and minil of Moses to appoint 1 ono day in seven to bo set apart aa a day of rest and meditation ; to God be the | praise for putting it into tho powor of Moses to J insist so absolutely as ho did that none should' I break the Sabbath day. As for us, now that we 9 havo scoured ono day of rest out of seven, al. 9 though, as I think there is no Uivino command J sanctioning its institution, let tis see to it that 9 wo sanction ib ourselves, every man 01" us, nnd that we uso it to the very best advantage, not | wilfully abusing it for the purpose merely of 9 showing tlio " unco' guid " how freo we are I from thoir restraints— much dangor and much I mischief lie that way, bo, sure; let us use it I wisely, as those for whom it was wiselj in. I tended, sotting our facos as hard as flint I against thoso who would abuse it for their own privato gain. Then it will fl provo a blessing indeed, for in this consists tha fl propor use of a Sabbath day, that one and all fl wo sanction it as a common day of rest wherein, fl our bodies being freo from toil, our souls like- fl wise are freo, freo from the killing restraints of fl a narrow Pharisaical spirit, free to meditates upon and enjoy all His mighty and wonderful fl works and nil His gracious words of truth. fl 