Iftovelfet. ' The Secret Amber; ' , / OK, THE GIPSY'S VENGEANCE. By Eliza A. Dupuy, ^ Author of 'The Outlaw's Bt tde,'^ ' The ?- ' '* White Terror,' &c.;, &U.; i ? — ? - JIP ^ no 1 ' r - 'i-' ' THE DEATH OF SIB H uA j / j To aocount for what now occurred, we must return to the trooper who beon loft on guard below.- J ones was a person of inquisitive mind, and it occurred to . him that -while his comrade kept watob over the movements of the family above stairs, he would mako- a foray through ^^thaolderi portion of the biulding. The -ey still remained in the door \- whioh ,gave into the corridor, and he traversed ita length- and entered the uuiuk eye Boon caugnt sight lifted, flag stone, and, . while ex amining it, the open panel also attracted \- hfi'attention. Ho ox claimed : ? ' By Jovo I the aeoret's out 1 Tlmt i oliap was hid in the garret, and he*B ? somen hore about . here, that's certain. The' way's been opened for him to got out. and maybe I oan trap him before he get'j away.' ,He .rushed baok to the inhabited -portion of the house, oallod tO! his com rade, 'and, in a few words; informed him of the discovery ho had made, at the same : whig him to remain in front of' .;Mrs,.r Methurn's room, and, in fivo * minutes, to enter it, while lie made his s to the opposite Bide, for he was cer tain that- a ^communication oiisted be tween the chapol and that Biiito of ' apartments. ? Jones ran baok, swiftly mounted tho stairs, and moved 111 the direotion in whioh ho knew tho roomB were situated. . The sound of voices soon guided him, and he oraBhed through tho wardrobe at the v . momOnt'that tlio ones from tho next room ? warned him -that a souffio waa going on. \- 1 ^ 'H-h®' 8'pay . turned like a lioness at bay, while Sir Hugh fell baok, dropping k*yrP®A-from his hand as he1 gaspingly saia : . - - ? '?Lost! lost 1 All is lost 1' ' They were tho last nrtioulato words he over littered, for the shook' had snapped tho silver cord, and tho hard and sinful \- soul of the baronet was wronched from Is, body m that moment of supreuft . anguish:' ' ? I ' : Jonoa strode to the door, unlooked and I .threw it opan. Vernor was struggling Josperately with his assailant, who had him without warning, while Ethel, paralysed by iHght, looked on without evon uttering a ftTfhe new-oomer graapod tho hands of a '1.®typung man from behind, and in a few lllQUients ho was seouroly bound and placed on a ahair. __'Who looked that door?'* aBked Vernor, savagely. ' But for that I might ? have esoaped you both. What havo you . . . done with my father 1' 41 1 believe ho'a fainted. Now we've got you safe, I'll look after the old gentle man. Don't be soared, ladies ; we aint f ij v?0 ^urt y°u- though you did try to hide this young chap amongst ye.' ?' Mrs.;Methurn rushed into tho dresaing i: followed, by Ethel, and tho young tfrluHered a loudory aa she beheld Sir ? with fallen jaw and glazing oyoa, sitting boltiupnght, with his hands still ? S.trctohed out over the little table. K'PV *nd the dood had both dk v- ; »ppcarcd. ? ' ? ? | ' ' The last shook has proved fatal to i said Mri. Methurn,- with emotion. J'.v|o4.1}«b morcifully removed him from I trouble to como. Go to your own room, ' py .ohild, for this sight ia too painful for \- PP« o', your tender yoars. I will attend v. :fco W li dt muat be done here.' ( si; Biit.Ethel. would not consent to leave It her j by this timo the. two aoldiors had entered .the, room, and in compliance with ^ho.requeat of Mrs. Methurn, they lifted the corpae and placed it on n couch that ?tood in the room ; and atraightened tho limbi, .and Mrs. Methurn closed the .tnouth and pressed down tlie eyelids over .'j10 ?taring eyea from whioh all oxpros had fled. Vernor called out, lmpa . tlently : ' What are you all doing in there 1 Sir ?'Hugh— -father, come out; I wish to speak withyou. Isuppoae that privilege at leaBt will' not be denied mo.' .Ethel went to him, pale and trem* i bling, , ' Oh, Vernor— poor Vernor, this ia a .???» | tail blow for you. lie will nevAHponp to I'Oi* W*ln. Ob, h« i« ' \ , yotniire v 1. f ,y- '? i. 'i ! and alio could nuo tlmt ho trembled in every fibro of hia frnmo. Presently he WW Tip mill hoarsoly aiid : 'Chen it's nil up with 1110. A prisoner to; those who lcnow 110 mercy, nnd my father gone, thoru in 110 one t'- stand bo twooli me and destriictitm. Ihavoruinod you too, Ethel j tho veimiiint of jiroperty loft to you will barely purohaso your own safety. £)on't talk of that now, Vornor,' she g'intly replied ; ' I will stand by you to tho l.-ist, . and if tho sucriHoe of all 1 claim can stive you, Vernor, I will cheorfully 1 mako it' Mrs. Methurn oamo in silently weeping. She placed her hand on Vomer's hoad and revei ently said : I ' Tlie Lord has dealt with his croature. Sir Hugh has escaped the ovils wo must rouse our courage to face.' 'Oh, AuntA&nes;, if he could only havo lived a few weeks longer, ho might liave beon able to avert 'utter ruin from hb all ; but now, overytliing is lost. Mako up your minds to go with me to prison, for Kn ko will come back and take us all away with him.' ' If it must be so, I can go. I will write to Gerald of the strait wo are and he and Mr. Clyde may be able to help us.' : ' It justice reigned in the land, perhaps they might; but I have pohopo from that. Resign youraelf to tho worst, for Kirko artesta us, and Jeffreys will sit in judg ment upon us.' ^ Mrs. Methurn shudderod. Tho reputa tion of Jeffreys was well known to her, and the thought of even appearing before him filled her with horror. The troopers here joined thein, and, rough as t)hey wore, thoy refrain od from savincr anything to the unhnppv voung man to embitter his captivity. Even they had some respect for the lifeless form of him who was bo lately the stay and protec tion of those before them. 'Vernor haughtily regarded thein, as he said : ' I may at least be permitted to go in and look upon my dead father for the last time. Free my feet that I may walk.' 'If you'll promise not to make a dash, young man, an' try to get off, I'll do you that Bervice,' said Jonoa, aa he severed tho cord that bound his feet. Vornor said nothing in reply, but stood an instant balancing in his mind hiB ohanoes of eaoapo. While Ethel, talked with him alone, she bad lightly loosened the handkerchief with j ^?.?Vipi^Yfere bound.' for the ten ,*011 appeared painful,: an^''a-j6w^o»wjiw.«« movements had convinced. Vernor that he could release them without much effort. He said : .- ' Now I am ready. One of you can keep guard at the door while the other goeB with me in the dressing-room. I shall not be long.' The troopers oxchanged glances, and Simpson took - station oloBe beside tho door. Vernor walked forward, followed by Jones, and liis rapid glance took in the condition jf the room. He asked : ' Who guided you to yonder1 open ing?' ' My own wit and the oareleBaness of those thot.oame before me. Tlie womau that waa in here got away while I wob socurin' you.' 'What woman?' Baid Vernor, be wildered. , ' How should I know ? One of the aorvanta, mayhap, who knew the way up.' But the prisoner know hotter, and like a flush the remembrance of the atrange gipsy woman oame to him. TliHtuhe had somo mysterlouB connection wiih his father, that Bhe knew all the secret plaot-B in the hmiBe, he was aware, and his heart grew, faint within him as he remembered how she had kept upon his traok for yoarB paafc. Could she have followed him to England to make hiB destruction sure? Why she wished evil to him he did not know, but that she was his deadly and uncompromising enemy he felt assured. He approaohed the couoh and looked down on the inanimate form that lay upon it, thinking leas of hiB bereavement than of the means of escaping from the toils that were dosing around him. Jones peered through the opening in tho wardrobe, and muttered oomments on its ingenuity. He found the saw, and said, aloud : ' The gal got this, but how she brought it up I don't know. She's a sharp un, an' needs looking after a bit.' Vernor glanoed furtively at him. The door communicating with the outer door had swung partly to. J ones was on his knees groping in the wardrobe, aud Beizing the opportunity, he slipped the handker chief from his arms, and at a bound, closed the door, turned the key, and then sprang upon the trooper. As Jones arose he struok him a heavy blow upon the hoad, dashed through the opening, and was half way across the garret before the man regained his stunned senses suffi ciently to pursue him. But Kirke's lambs were too hard- headed to be long bewildered oven by such a blow aa the one just dealt on the trooper's head, and as Vernor approached the stair | way he heard his adversary in hot pur I suit. Dashing wildly forward, ho oleared the steps at a bound, landed on the ohapel floor, and olosed the panel. 1 As he paused to tako breath a figure emerged from behind a pillar, whioh he inBtantly recognised aB that of the Gipsy Queen. 'What haa brought you hero?' ho flerooly asked. ' What wero you doing in my fathor's room to-day 1 You have dogged my steps for years, and now you havo oome to deliver me over to des truction.' ' You speak the truth,' she reoklessly repliod. ' The rope is made that will Boon hang you, and I have done my best to put it around your neck, though 'you have bravely helped me youraelf. The aleuth-hound is on your traok, and you nood not hope to escape him. You are ruahing now upon your fate.' ' Who are you, and why have you pur sued me thus for evil ?' 'Tho dead man that lies above can no longer stand between us, and sinco your race is almost run, I will tell you what you wish to know. I am she who should have been Lady Methurn ; to whom every sacred pledge was given, and ruth. loBsly broken. My son is the Bon of your father, and your own elder brothor; yel you have dared to strike him. Go on, Vornor Methurn, and moot the retribution duo to that cowardly blow. I do not attempt to stop you. Hasten bofore the trooper breaks through the wall, for lis ia striking at it at a fearful rate.' ' Jonoo, Vq truth, was hammering igalnit \- 1 . I ' ,1 t;l-- tmi-i uilh i'il IiIh f'rci-, mid :i I crna'.uii; i:ouiul wiih lii'iud, an if it was I splintering bcnca'h his blows, Vernor ngnin liin-.iidnd forward, and diss ppor.reil through tho opening in tho floor. Ilo had no thought at that moment for tho reve lation that had just beon made to him ; his only care was for his own safety. Tho gipsy again stepprd behind the sheltering pillar, leaving Junos to forco his way into tho chapel. She knvw that tho fugitive was in her powor, for by this time her son must bo at his station with the party of which ho had gone in quest, and since nothing else wauld be gained by the day's work, Molchoir might at least gain the reward offered for hi» brother's aj-prohension. Tho trooper at length smashed the panel, and with the impetustfof the last blow, rolled out upop the floor. As he regained his feet, «« confused sound of voices and cries came up from the vaults, and boforo he could gain the stairs leading into them, a party of four men, lead by Melohoir, came up, bringing the fugitive with them as a prisoner. Vernor had gone but a few yards below, when they closed around him, and pinioned him in such a manner aB to rendor resistance in-' effootual. CHAPTER XIX. THE BROTHERS FACE TO FA0E. A messonger was sent to Klrko, inform ing him of the state of affairs, and at the moment Vernor was brought in the ohapel he dashed up to the door, followed by the romainder of the troop. Their loud and disorderly entrance filled the whole building with clamor, and their commander, with angry aud inflamed visage, stalked through the room of Sir Hugh and traversed the corridor with furious haste. He gained the ohapel, and a gleam of ferooious joy lighted up his features as he saw the prisoner standing before him bound and - help less. , - 'Well, young cook o' the walk, your wings aro clipped at laBt,' he said, with a hoarse laugh. ' You've led mo a pretty dance, you and that deceiving old father of yours. Where iB he 1 I'll make him feel that it ia not aafe to trifle with one of his majesty's officers as he has done with me to-day.' /?': / ?./:./ Vornor disdainfully regarded him; ' ' My father, thank Heaven I is beyond the reaoh of your malice,-. YpU .nor anyone else willannoy himmoro,':. . ^ ' Why, what does the gMiard mean ? Where is Sir Hugh. I BW '-?' .Bring him beforeWepteariPiijft^^^W-' to him in this conjuncture of-fl^-fa l' 1-u take the old sinner where he'll oauao to repent of hia evil deeds/' : \ / : . ' You're spared that trouble, Bir,' Baid Jones. ' The old gentleman's gone -a longer journey than you can take him. When I jumped in on the hidin' placo o\ the young 'un, he jest fell back and gave up the ghost.' . r ' Dead I' said Hirke. 'DO you mean that his tough; old heart aotually broke when he learned that his young acape grace was in the toils? Blesa my soul 1 I had no idea he had so much sensibility.' 'He's dead, sure, sir. Mebbe you'll como up and see where the youngster waB stowed away, an' you Bee for yourself that Sir Hugh '11 never breathe again in this world.' Giving orders for the prisoner to be re moved to the hall and securely guarded, Kirko strode after hia satellite' N and mounted to the gariet. He carefully sur veyed hia route, and Baid : \ ' Cleverly contrived, faith ; and the panel is so well concealed behind the pillar that no one would liave BUBpected ita ex istence. I waa oertain that the young man had taken refuge here, and I intended to stay in the neighborhood until he was nabbed.' When they gained the opening into the dresaing-room,~ho forced his burly form through it, and stopping out, Btood before the two affrighted ladies, who wero kneel ing before the couoh on which tlie body of Sir Hugh lay. Mrs. Methurn extri cated herBelf from Ethel's clinging arms, and arose with dignity, while the poor girl turned her pallid face to ward him and pointed appealingly to the lifeless form of the baronet. Mrs. Methurn said : 'I trust that Colonel Eirko will treat these remainB with the reipeot that iB due to them.' \ The rude Boldier lifted his hat in tho presence of death, and replied : ' . ' He's done his last wrong ma'am, and gone where Jeffreys can't reaoh him, which I oan't Bay I'm sorry for. Sir Hugh was a liberal man, and I'll see him put decently in the family vault before we go. But I am sorry to a ay that you and this young lady muat go with me to Taun ton as soon as the job s comploted.' ' Oan we not be permitted to re main hero till our proBonoe is neoeBBary there ?' ' I had agreed to ttiat, but now it is impossible. You have helped to oonoeal that young follow, thus making matters Vorse for yourselves than they would have been. Luokily, we caught lum, and now he's safe with my lambs. ' 'How long may we remain beneath this rtig&.sir ?' ^?ESTill my men have had a good dinner provided for them, ma'am, and we liave hadtime to knock up a box to put tho old gentleman in. He was fond of his glasB, and I hope there will bo good wine to bo drunk at his funeral banquet. I rely on your reapect for the decoasod to ordor a repast suited to his quality, for my lambs aro used to tho beat the country affords.' ' They shall have the best we have,' replied the lady; ' but you must be awaro of tho difficulty of obtaining suffioient food for a whole troop of horBomen at bo short a notice. Our family is not large, and it will take time to sond to the vil lage.' ' ' Zounds 1 madam kill the fatted calf ; kill his mother, if neoessary ; for I shall not budge from the Priory till I have partaken of its hospitality. The MethiirnB wero not wont to be niggards ; and if their fortunes havo fallen, there is still enough left to feed his majosty's soldiora.' Mrs. Methurn did not reply to this rude apoecli ; she merely bent lior head and left tlio room. Messengers were dispatohed to the vil lage, and to farmer Conway's to request that provisions might be sont up to the Priory ; but tho day was rapidly waning away boforo tho banquet was roady for tho impatient and often clamorous soldiers ; for Kirko allowed hie men the wildest liberty when n^t engaged in aotual service. A ri'-'-.'li v-as !-ri'-ctir.--l for S-r Jiu^li, nii-l with littlo c. i-oinony ho waa pl'iced in it and oonvej-ct'i to tlio family vault, which was ailu.ite'ijl in tho roar of tho chapel. Vernor ai itl tho two Indies were permitted to ho pi 'tsent, nnu, with foar and ! rumbling, the ct ,rate of thu p-.rish caino to road tho burial . jervico over tho body. Whon ho askO' I leavo to do ao, Kirke replied : '- ' It isn't much good ; toy '11 do such nn old reprobate now, Mr. j i/arson ; but. ns it is customary, I won't l', iVur-e. I'm called a brute, ond aometirm'^ I act like one, but tho devil, you kno- ii, i-n't so black as he's painted. Tho vL'0 men would fool horrifiod if the old follow whs put away like a dog, and aomolvow that littlo girl interests me. The woor thing has been made a victim by Sfi'r Hugh and that acamp of a aon; thciy have ruined her, I know, and this affair 'till swallow up tho last fragment of her jiortune. Somehow I pity her, though I - Pin't often euro for those tho fortune of j' war throws in my handB.' f *' Miss Ethel is a I'jweet young lady,' replied the ourato. 'p.I taught Iter ] ,atin and the mystoriea ofFcalculation, and she waa alwaya a docile pupil. I do hopo you will try and befrioiv j her in the evil straits into whioh alie haa inllon.' 'A» to that, 1U7 power over her fate oeaaea when I deliver her over to the authorities at Taun ton. Jeffreys will then be the arbiter of lit }; destiny.' Tho dominio child derod. !-Oh, air, lie iaj1 a merciless man, and this is such a young gill I I-rl'm told, sir, that tlio^e he cannot hang ho will condemn to b*. sold as slaves in the West Indies. Thiak of it, sir 1 such a delicate young lady ns this to bo sorit away as a slave to that wild and unhealthy country.'' ~ 1 . Kirko laughed ^bitterly and said : 'It's good enough for tho moat of thoso who will be Bont there,' . The poor , dolliihio regarded him with silont horror. j-TJie family at the Priory had boeii his pi'trona, and from him the young people,' had received the greater portion'of thoir-'education. For Vernor he had loss - affootion than Gerald, but' he oould ncjt think of the fate that threatened: him' without the bitterest re grot. / Whilo performing the laat services for ;the deoeased baronet, his voice faltered and his eyes filled with tears many times } and in a parting interview with Mra. Methurn ho promised to look in fro qiiently-at the Priory, and see how things .went on during her enforoed abaenoe. She mado an;offort to'look hopeful, as she *aid : -. ' . ?V ft :trU8t iL,«V we ?n«uV' pJIEltted to. return before jlbng. If we do not, I hope, Mr. Panton/that you will remember the poor people llhavo boon in the. habit of looking after,!' ? He promised to do bo, and asked : . _ ' Will notglHr. Gerald come to your as sistance, ma'|,ta ? He's a lawyer, and he will know tUl rights of the case. It seems hard that you] and Miss Ethel should be taken ' away.ofrom . your home for such a trifle.' ? ' I have Written to Gerald, ahd I shall send my letfjir from Taunton.' ' Will tfcey really put you in prison, ma'am? . ijts a dreadful place, for I've been thereto) visit a: friend. That was several yoa-^ago ; but the place is no better now— nay, 'it is worse, for a malignant fever is raring among the people confined there.' ?! : Mrs. Sftthurn shivered as she ex claimed! 'My p; jir Ethel I it will be terrible to take her into the midst of infeotion. I must makaovery effort to escape that danger, jjlirke is rough and brutal, but he has tht jroputation of being also very renal.'; Iyiavo a hundred pounds by me, which l -lkve saved since. Gerald went into Mr! Cljydo'a office. PerliapB that will purolmsd hermission for us to remain under Mr.JDigby's roof. , It would be too oruel to tlnrow us in tho midBt of infec tion.' M ! 'EirkiJ Booms to feel for Miss Ethel, ma'am; a!Hl I think the half of the monoy will bribe/him to let' you both remain with your fripads. But no Bum will keep Mr, Vernor oft of prison. They are too muoh afraid fhst ho will escape. He has shown Buoh spirit and' determination that they will not (bnaont to loBe sight of him for an hour.? Mrs. Methurn sighed heavily. 'I am aware of that, and I havo no hope of keeping hipi with us. To save Ethol frj m contaot with Buoh misery and degradation, ia the utmost I expeot to ac complish You advise me then to make the trial with Kirke ?' 'I. tlink you may venture to do ao, ma'i m. He can only refuae, and you wil be no worse off than you are now.' Thus lounsolled, Mrs. Methurn sought lan oppi rtunity of speaking with Kirke, who at first utterly refusod to ligten to such a' roposal. Ho declared that the twolaO es must go to prison, as many othera If aB high station had dono before ; that hohad no power to change their des tinatloL but when he found that the widowhad money of her own with whioh to puraiaso indemnity, he softenod his tone, aid after many manoeuvres to find out hoy muoh Bhe was able to give, he finallyicouBented to accept aixty pound8, and nlow Ethel and her protoctresa to takif refuge in the houae of Mr. Digby till thovlay of their trial arrived. Yhen Mrs. Methurn ventured to men tion Vernor, his face darkened, and he abruplly said : ' l$)ii can do nothing for the young manyinadain. My advico to you is, to let himboar tho burdon of the calamity he lias irouglit upon you all.' J'ra. Methurn turned away with a sad heat; she would have gladly averted frou Vornor the penalty of his late actB, hao.aho possessed tho power to do so ; buj she was helpless to aid him in any wo K Vernor was strictly guarded in one of 1 10 lower rooms, and no opportunity of Speaking with him had been allowed thf two ladieB, save when they stood be sico the bier when the funeral services wire being performed. He had then buefly Baid : r Take care of yourself and Ethel, Aunt Afehos. It's all up with me, and I must btar iny fate like a man. I havo brought e il euough upon you without hanging as a will stone upon you now. Leave me to m; own deaertB.' The houBD for many hours after was a Bcane 'of riot and oonfusion, from whioh IVrs. Methurn was glad to take rofuge in t\e ebolusion of lior own apartments. Tho lite dinner waa aorved, for Conway ? ant up a waggon load of provisions, thd tho people of the village, auxious Li prove their royalty, furnished every '| i ' || ! th:n-; th'y thought tho troopers would need. Tho wine collar was searched, and a sufficient store of both wine and ale wero found to intnxicato tho whole party. Few would havo believed that tho shadow of tloa'h r.sted upon that houso, which rang with bacchanalian songs and roysler ing laughter. Tho foist was turned into a wild revel, and it was late in the night boforo tho troopors staggered from tho table. Under ther# ciroumstances Kirko post poned their departure till the following morning, for among his troops but- one sober man was to be found. This was Simpson, to whom the custody of Vernor was delegated, with tho assurance that if lie permitted him td escape his own life should be the forfeit. Minchen and lier son were still in the houso ; and Molchoir watched for an op portunity to como into the presence of hia brother, that he might gratify hiB deep hatred by seeing him bound and helpleaa boforo him. The drunken troopora had sunk down upon the floor in a heavy aleep, and the house wob at last quiet, when tho young gipsy oamo stealthily toward the door be Bide which Simpson held his watch. He offered the trooper a tankard of ale and a piece of money, and whispered : ' Lot mo past ; let me see my foe in tho toils, and I will be your friend for life.' ' Gad 1 you're the follow that set the men on the right scent; you helped to nab him, and I don't suppose you'd care to help him off.' 'I'd throttle him first,' was the fierce reaponae. ' I wiah to witness hiB humili ation — to gloat on his sufferings. He degraded me once by cowardly blows, but now I think wo are quitB. Let me pasa, good fellow, and it ahall not be the worst for you. When I get my ahare of the reward for taking him, I'll remember you.' ' ThiB ale is good ; this money is genu ine, and I don't see any objection to grant ing what you aBk. Go in and apeak your mind to the sullen youngator, who wouldn't answer a oivil remark I made to him a while ago.' ' To Is Continued. 