COUNTRY SKETCHES. BY "THE VAGABOND." AT WANGARATTA. In Australia generally, and especially in Mel bourne, we are very proud of our public build ings. But in the wholo of the colonics there is not a railway station equal to the requirements of the traffic. Viewed from nn architectural standpoint they aro all remarkably poor. Tlioso at Sydney and Brisbane aro perhaps the best. In Melbourne travellers who first arrive here by train from Sydney or Adelaide got a rather poor impression of our metropolis from the mean surroundings of tho railway terminus at Speu- cer-strcet. The oirangomcnts lioro havo been mado on a sort of rolo of thumb plan, "im provements " being made from timo to timo iu accordance with tho exigencies of tho traffic. Looking at tlio "scratch " accommodation, from tho offices of tho commissioners and traffic manager down to tlic porters' room, ouo is sur prised that tho service is so well conduotod. As wo start off to Wangaratta by the Sydney express, my companion and myself oxpcricnco ' all individual atten tion, whilst wo cannot help observing how inconvenient tho station is for tho general travoller. We aro lucky in having tho Rov. G. D. Buchanan with us for part of the journoy. This gontleman in his unclerical manner is a prototype of tho Bcv. Julian Grey. We liavo a good feed at Seymour at a reasonable cost, and arrive at Wangaratta on time and in a good humor. I find the samo kindly greeting at tho Boyal Hotel, which since I was hero last has been greatly enlarged. If I had not been so well treated by Mrs. Osbaldstono on a former oopsainn T should havo gnnn to tho Oommorcinl, which has also extended .its premises, and is now kept by Mr. Harris, late road manager for Crawford and Co., who drovo mo to Bright on my first visit to tho Alps somo years ago. It is pleasant to moot old friends nnd acquaintances in tho country. I have some hearty gteotings from the polico magistrate, stately Mayor Thompson and Mr. Tone at Wangaratta. Mrs.. Osbalds tone's faro ono docs not wish to hotter. Ono gets Bpleudid butter and cream at Wangaratta; but the butter is not quite so good as tho llosclirook butter from Belfast, tho present favorito brand iu Melbourne. I mention this as being tbo product of Mr. Lydyartl's factory, and an instanco that in tho excellence of such productions we in Vic toria are now getting quito on a par with the United States. In all agricultural districts the establishment of butter factories should be encouraged. Tho lato Exhibition showed us that butter made by " separators " is infinitely superior to tho old fashioned process. I would prefer to see two wholesalo dairies at Wangaratta to the two broworics established here. After our evening meal we go for a walk through tho township. Tho dim lamps cast a faint glow over tho trees in the streets. Tho breeze brings a subtlo odor from the gums on tho rivor'sbank. Thcgardonsof privato houses, across which gleani tho lights from curtained windows, send forth perfumes from English shrubs aud flowers. The Roman Catholic Ciiuroh looks in tho darkness a more imposing building cvon tlmn it is. Thero is nothing mean about Wangaratta by night. . Tho broad thorough fares and footways and the surroundings of the privato residences impress you with tho idea that this may be ouo of the . suburbs of a great metropolis. Ou such an even ing as this it must bo very delightful for young people to walk together under tho trees of Wangaratta and forget tho futuvo in the present. It is very pleasant for mq to have a kindly wolcome -at the home 'of ono of tlve'earty pi<ffieefs',:''Wli<)re the prevailing senti- mentAuStrtiilnrll'tileTiougli tho heads 'of tho heu6elfeld'e'oiH<5-fr6m tlid Emerald Isle. ' Why (16 'ii&fi;"allJif Our -native Celts bear' in : mind that if!'lre1Aiid'' gaVePtli'eir fathers birth' Aus tralia-gives them'a'poaccful and happy life, and that hdro, therefore, they should forget tho struggle of' cliques and of creeds which mado life so miserable in the Old World? Wo are attracted by musio in tho establish ment known as St. Gcorgo's Hall. Mr. Aliok Tone passes us in. There is a very select dancing and "rinking" party on here. It is a privato night, at which the "society" of Wangaratta is enjoying itBolf. Tlioro is waltz innsic and polka music and accompaniments for other 'round danocs played on tho piano -on tho stagc. To these strains couples whirl round iu the ccntro of tho floor, whilst outsido tho circle of tho dancers tho skaters pursue their wild career. Sometimes a young lady dances ; sometimes she skates. It is a general sort of "go as you please." Ouo young lady attracts our attention by her elegant skating. Her father is the most striking looking man in the room. Ho 1ms a military appearance and bearing, and is some thing like a much photographed attachd of tho late Sir leter Scratchlcy. Always on tho look out for character, I, police ask, " Who is that ?" " Hayyoqneycrjjriet Sergeant Steele?" says' Mr.' Jqne., ., J am yery pleased, indeed, to make th® ' tolc T&0 lamq,-,; soiiool- m aster, h'.iCiirnqwIyiet in tho "lodge" at Ballarat.. Now I know both tho men who wero the heroes of Glenrowan. The burst up of the Kelly gang took place nearly nine years ago, aud I am vory much surprised to find that Sergeant Steele is still only a sergeant. A Polico Magistrate who knows as much about the Kelly business as most men has told mo " Steele should havo boon promotod tho very next day." That's tho view most people would tako, I think. When a polico officer does a gallant action in tbo discharge of his duty, his sorvico to tho Stato should bo acknowlodgod. Evcryono tolls ino that it is a mystery why Sergeant Steele has never boon promoted. But despite this ho is ono of the most respected citizens of Wangaratta, and the most striking personality I moot here. "Rinking in tho North-eastern district," says Sir. Edward R. Stephens to mc, "lias had n wonderful social result. When we started exhibition skating and forming classes at Bcnalla and Wangaratta and Bcechwortb, half tho people, aud especially tho ladies, did not know tho other half. The professional man's daughter did not Know tuo siorcKccpcr s uaugnter, unless ino letter's father was very wealthy, and so on up wards or downwards as you think fit to call it. But when tho girls began to moot at our classes they began to talk to each other a little, and I tell you, Sir, I consider that I have lielpod to start a social revolution in the North-cast, for people who never knew each other before aro now quite friendly. Men of courso meet at hotels, and drink and talk ; but tbo ladies here only saw oacli other in church, when they glared at each other's bonnets, and all felt mad at tho girl who had tho newest. When wo camd aiid started tlio rinking business up hero we supplied a -want for womankind. Rinking is a truly democratic profession and is as respectable as teaching Sunday school, or my father's son would not have gone in for it. You look at the rinks as you go through tho North-cast and say' if anything could bo nicer." At Wangaratta I must admit that rinkiug docs rcsemblo Sunday school, in that it seems quito a dull and solemn business. It is r&thor; an extraordinary coincidcnco that a few months back in Paris and London well known Ameri cans wcro asking mo after " Ned Stephens, of Chicago, who is somowhore in Australia." And now I find that this handsomo athletic Western boy has been " bossing " skating rinks at Wan garatta aud elsewhere. But in thishe sliowsho is a thorough American. Thcro is never any dis grace in work of any sort in our eyes. " I've seen a good deal of Australia and had good -times here, and have become a 'champion skator,' and I think I'll go home to Chicago soon," says Mr. Stephens. "Better send ft able ahead, ' Patted calf for one,' " I suggest. Thcrois .no solitude like that which often comes to tho unit in tho multitude of a great city. Thero is no individuality in a crowded metropolis. Men aro lqpt in tho mass. Jamos Russell Lowell well describes thorn : — They pass me by liko shadows, crowds on crowds. Dun ghosts of men, that hover to and fro, Dunging their bodies round them like thin shrouds Wherein their souls wero buried long ago. In tho country, and especially in our hush town ships, as Mr. Phil. Mcyncll lias pointed out in Australian Wilds, thero aro individual types which stand out prominently and aro well worth studying. Iu Wangaratta each person may bo an object of interest to the stranger, and ho in return furnishes food for con versation to tlio storekeepers as wall as to tho policemen. I havo travelled a good many thousand miles since ono day, at Mr. Bruco's charming residence at Ferntree Gully, a dis- cussion arose on Mr. ' John Ford Peterson's paintings. Ono of tlio party lamonted that, magnificont as these wcro, thoroughly breathing the true spirit of Australian Nature, they must always lack tho color of tho landscapes of the Northern hemisphere. Mr. Fletcher quoted Emorson's verse : — Little thinks in the field yon red-coated clown > Of tiico, from the lull top looking down, And tlio heifer, that lows in tlio upland farm, 1 Far-heard, lows not thine car to cuarm.' Which ono of us capped with — Nor knowest thou wliat argument Thy life to tliy neighbors' creed has lent. AU aro ncedon by each one ; Nothing is fair or good alone. It is only in tho country and country town liko Wangaratta, however, that one completely realises this, or that one can gauge tho rc- aeting forces of individuals upon each other, and re cognise tho varying phases of Naturo which make tip tho whole beauty of alandscapo. Wangaratta on this early autumn morning is a very charming placo indeed. Since I tarried liero some years back I havo boon to and fro over much of Australia. I havo also twico visited Europe, and havo boon through Canada and tlio Pacific SIopo of tho United States. Aftor all these oxpcricucos Wangaratta impresses mc as a clean, pretty, prosperous township, which will compare favorably in every respect with any placo of 2000 inhabitants whioh I know of in any part of tho world. Tho broad main stroet lias tho Ovons River at ono ond and tlio King Riyor at tho other, tlieso streams meeting just outsido tho township. Flourishing elm trees border tho sido walks. Hero and there tho footpath is nearly blookcd. .Many of tho houses have balconies. Vines twined around theso givo a touch of picturesque bcanty to tho square buildings. Tho number of now houses show the increasing prosperity of Wangafatta. This town is being rebuilt in brick. Years back I am told this district used to be the banc of insursnoo com panies ; now it is regarded by them as a most profitable field. Commercial men tell mo that this is ono of. tho greatest signs qf solid progress. When a place is. going down, or strug gling thbro nro many, 'fires j;., when it ..is prosperous tlioro aro' few/ '-"This is ' quito natural. Men with vnluablo businesses aro, of courso, careful in all things. ' Men on tlic road to ruin aro careless, and apt to leave wax matches about for tlio mice and rats to nibblo and ignite, and aro not particular in safoly stowing away all inflammable articles. Without the wish being father to tlio thought, many a ruined man might think, " What does it mat- tor if I am burnt out ?" But tho people of Wangaratta to-day cannot nflord to liavo fires, and tako every precaution against such accidents. This is tho oentro of a populous nnd prosperous agricultural district. Fruit as well as grain grows around liero in perfection, and much tobacco is. also raised on the fiats of tho King llivor. I am sorry to say that the Chinese aro. tho principal producers of tho "fragrant wood." Tlicy do not know liow to properly grow or euro tobacco, and not only do tho Europeans suffer through their competition, but tho consumor also suifors iu getting an inferior article. The stores of AVaugaratta aro open early. Tho shopkeepers are evidently anxious to look clean both inside and out. Small boys and largo girls aro busy witli watering can and broom. Children aro seaming their lessons on tlio way to school. Vory pleasant and protty children arc these I meet, well spoken too, and in intelligence far beyond what British children of their years would be. Those littlo boys and girls little think that, to, mc, they help to make up charming impressions of AVangaratta. Tho Australian nativo b'orn is not very curious, but I daresay they wonder who Lam. Not a commercial traveller — I am too negligent in my dress for that ? Or tbo dentist whoso approaching arrival is heralded at tho Commorci&l; Hotel ? One littlo girl confides to mo that she is to bo taken to this ogro of child hood to have her teeth examined. AVill he hurt her' much? I reassured hor by saying that dentists never hurt littlo girls ; only littlo boys if they aro naughty. I liavo a littlo bird, too, who will toll mo if Mr. is not very gentle, when my wrath shall fall upon him. And so she runs away to school rejoicing. Yot I romcmbcr guiltily what an estimable laify; one of tlio Mothers of tho colony, said to mo when I mado somo playful answer to her littlo grandson : "Always tell children the exact truth. Never tell nny fairy tales in roply to . tlioir questions." Alas ! AVby cannot we carry this theory out to other than childron ? Tho philosopher says : — "I covet Truth ; Beauty is unripo childhood's cheat;". Childhood is happy to bo so bhcatcd. .' The Truth, as we old men sec it, often robs Beauty of all tho gay cnchnntmcut. And faith ! AVliat fighting there would be amongst the women if they told those truths to each other which they sometimes tell of each other. Yet Mrs. A. was quite right ; one should never tell children ' ' torra- diddlcs." Yet liow always reply to somo of their awkward questions ? Thoro aro two picturesque figures at early mom in tho streets of AVangaratta. Mr. Grattan Itiggs is "on tour," and is billed to play here " for ono night only," and . for about tho five thousandth timo in Australia, The Irish Detec tive. Ono of tho company,' seemingly anxious to impress tho citizens of AVangaratta with the care whioh talont must, tako of itself, parades tlio street in slouch hat, tan boots, and an immenso wrap wound several times around his neck. Of course this gentloman has on other articles of attire, but those alono strike tho oyc — hat, boots and muffler. Liko "Dick" iu tho Mummer's Wife, this leading man may ho in search of conquosts. Ho is greatly admired by the school children. The aotor is pictur esque, but not quito in' accord with tho surroundings. Tho second figure is thoroughly Australian. Mr. Ashton could sketch liim, as he has sketched many of his class. This poor old " swagman" goes halting down the street, stopping sometimes iu the sun, whose morning rays give a somblanco of warmth to tho blood. Ho makes many attempts at lighting his short black pipe, and at last sucoccds. You will never see the poorest swagman without tobacco. Thoy may be iu rags and without "tuoker,"but they have always got tobacco. To be without the moans of obtaining a smoke would mean tho arrival at tho vory lowost stage of destitution and degradation. Tlio actor from one sido of tho streetat AV angaratta watches tho swagman on the ' other. Perhaps hois envying his "makeup." Old laced boots, tied with string, old moleskin trousers much torn at tho bottom, old flannel shirt, an old leather belt, an old jacket, and his head crowned by tho oldest felt hat ever picked out of a gutter. All his garments aro of dirt color — but a color of diverse shadeB, from that of red mud on tho pants and hoots to black grcaso on tho jaoket. His blanket swag, slung across one shoulder, looks foulor nnd dirtier than his clothes. His tin " billy " and pannikin are black aud battered. This man evidently washes as littlo ns an Italian monk. - IIo is old, ldrrio, ovil looking arid' blearvbjjred., Yot, ."the. quality of tlio poor'to.bur coiniriiseratiori is their povorty itself." Horotic though.! am, I believe in tho words of St. Vincent de Paul. " Times pretty bad, mate ?" I ask. The swagman gives mo a glance through his red foul eyes, tho look of ono who for long years has endeavored to gauge the oppoaranco of tho roprcscutqtlvcs ot authority — constables, magistrates, gaolers, Visiting Justices. "You don't belong to this \- place, Bir?" "No, I como from a groat many thousand milos away," is my slightly Jesuitical answor. " Did yer over havo a dawg as loved yer and yer loved ?" "Yes." " AVell, Sir, what makes times hard with me is as how. that — - — of shot my dawg yester day." The red eyes gleam and tho man looks murderous. "I suppose in Ned's time, mate, you would have put a fircstiok to his stables?" "Yes ! by — — and I may do it yet !" I suppose it'is very wrong to feel any sort of sympathy with such a man, but still I have had faithful dogs as my companions in many parts of the world. Yet, as I walk away, I wonder if I havo been "had cheap" by this dog story. Tho children are in sohool, and people in AVangaratta begin to stir thomsclvos. A young farm or gallops in hastily ; shortly after tho Doctor rided by. Ono of tho best public buildings in AArangaratta is tho ' hospital. Tho ' Dootor is a fcaturo iu tho social lifo of AVangaratta as of otlior bush townships. In no part of tho world are members of tho medical profession so well paid as in Australia. If their work is often arduous it is certainly well remunerated, and in a domocratio com munity sueli as- ours thoir social status is much higher than in' Great Britain.. . Victoria has been called " tho paradise of tho working man," but, if so, it <is also a paradise for the doctors. Ia all the colonies thero has been a fair sprink ling of medical men in tho different legisla tures, who have helped to frame measures for tho public good, as woll as for their own pro tection. Doctors, aswell as lawyers, are very much annoyed if it is intimated that they belong to trades unions, but their professions are in fact as much, traces' unions as any of the labor organisations in. Victoria. " Boycotting" is practised by the followers of law and medicino as well as amongst carpenters' and bootmakers. . It" is perfectly right that theso callings should bo protected, qnu.that the public should be satisfied that a standard exists established by . law, which is n guarantco .that the possessor of a diploma has a certain mini mum of knowledge and oxpcricnco making him reliable to minister to our physical ailments. In our own medical school nt the' University of Melbourne this standard is theoretically high enough, tho examinations being much harder than thoso of tho medioal schools in Great Britain and on tho Continent. -Yot, after all, does tlio possession of a diploma cariy a full guarantco of a mau's fitness? It has long beou a popular superstition that patients aro "cut up" in' hospitals to allow tho surgeons a chance of practice. As a matter of fact it has been shown that many men havo died in hospitals after "brilliant operations," which if successful would havo prolonged their lives, but without which they would also havo lived for somo consider able period. A handsomo young priest swaggers down tho strcot. Ho is the picture of health ; ono would say that ho took a bath and ran a mile every morning before breakfast. Ho is very self conscious, looking for all tho world liko the Irish priest of whom it is sung— Fathor O'Flynn, you've a wondorful way wid yor ; All tlio young women aro eager to pray wid yer. Full of health and Btrengtli, well fed, woll clad, what a contrast is the Soggarlh Aroon hero at .AVangaratta to his compeer I have lately Been in Ireland. This young priest ha3 evidently no thought of worldly cares ; ho has money in his purse; a pound to liim is of less account than n shilling to tho poor priest in Ireland. I repeat that Australia is the very Promised Land for tho Roman Catliolio clorgy. Yot, to do them justice, thoy work harder than thoso of other creeds. I have seen them in tlio Back Blocks travelling weary mil.es to "round up" scattered members of their flock to tho fold, giving spiritual consolation, aud collcoting their duos, where. Protestant parsons wore never to bo found. Yet tho most lmrd worked of thorn is not by any means so hard worked as hundreds of liis follows in Ireland, and they havo their reward hero in power and emolu ment. Tho incomes of many parish priests in Australia aro equal to thoso of tho " fattest " English rectors and vicars. I know of at least one case in the colonics where a parish priest's annual income is over £2000 a- year. How is this earned? AVhat capacity have tho peasant priests from Maynooth ' to administer to tho spiritual wants of tlio faithful Irish Australians, who are far irioro devoted to the Popo than tho Romans them selves ? As I look at this fine specimen of flesh and blood in clorical garments, I think what a good soldier or good policeman has boon Bpoilt by Maynooth teaohing. A very dear friend of mine, an English priest, formerly nn officor in tho army, strongly main tained that tho fittest servants of any church wero those who hud passed a period of proba tion in tho AVorld, which necessarily included some knowledge of tho Flesh and the Devil. David, tho sweetest singer of Israel, the man after God's own heart, sinned and suffered aud ropented. Tho groat Hebrew King had known tlio depths of misery and the heights of passion, otlierwiso ho could not havo written the Psalms. The RoV. Father P— — hold that David would have made a first class priest. From this point of view, when I arrivo at tho last stago, that of repent ance, I too may be eligible to bo admitted into the rariks of tlio ' Catliolio clergy. It does seem very absurd that tho son of an Irish peasant, caught young by Maynooth and turned out from thence with an education chiefly composed of a knowledge of monkish Latin, should bo considered eligible to fill tho ofiico of spiritual adviser' and direotor and confessor to men and women superior in position, nnd who must know more tlmn lie does. AVhat can a Maynooth student know of tho sooial temptations which besot those in the world ? It is only the natural genius of the Ccltio race and tho gift of tongue whioh its members possess which enable tlio young Irish priest sent out to 'Australia to hold his own before tlio world. But as all his historical education has. boon derived from Dives of the Saints and tra ditions of English oppressions and hatred of Iroland and tho poor Irish, ho is uuforfnnatoiy an activo fomentor of "Homo Rule " agitation, and as such anything but a good Australian colonist. Still on tho whole tho Soggarth Aroon in our country towns is a very good fellow indeed with a hearty welcome and a good glass of whisky for tho Btranger. According to tlio rule of hiB church I am doomed to everlasting torments in the next world. But tho Aus. tralian priest has often made my way smooth and pleasant in this earthly stage. In Australian country towns the chancos 'aro oven sb to the first advent of tho priest or the doctor. After tliem comes tlio lawyer. Shortly alter one of tho "devil's own " has been settled in any community thero is always a demariil for a second of his class. It is an axiom in tho legal profession that any town which can' support ono lawyer cau maintain two. "And thus the means to do ill decdB make ill docds done." Shakspcare, in- Tarquin and Ducrcce, has woll pointed out tho crimo of opportunity. , At AVangaratta and elsowhoro, if legal gentlemen more or less "learned in thelaw" had notstartcd practice, with out doubt much litigation, social heart burnings and general "envy, hatred, malice and all uncharitablcness" .would have been saved. There is occasional discussion hero as in other country districts on tho practical amalgamation of tho upper aud lower branches of tho pro fession, ono gentloman practising as a barrister, independent of solicitors. Sclbornc and Stawell- Chambcrs are vory scornful at such breaches of etiquette. But all over tho colonics I hold that tho profession of advocate and attorney should ho amalgamated, If this wero legally dono there would he much saving to the public in timo and money. This is tho praatico in Now Zealand, in South Australia, and to an extent in Queensland. Two of the best living judges m Australasia wero attorneys — Mr. Justice AVilliams, of Duncdin, Now Zealand ; and Mr. Justico Mcin, of Brisbane. AVangaratta is well off for lawyors. I do not recommend any young gentleman just out of his articles to start in praoticc here. Rather I would direct him to Omco, where thero is only one gentlo man, learned or otherwise, in tho law. Ho wants an opponent to keep up his practice, Mr. Comyn; from Bairnsdolc, having to be brought up on all important cases. A lawyer by himself in a country town languishes, whilst the community whioh is without any legal practi tioner at all is happy. Thoro is a now and a strange feature, in the streets -of AVangaratta this morning. The Mon golian hawker we have always with ns in country as woll as town, but tho Indian lolly maker and vendor is a novolty. In his cotton clothc3 and turban he is outwardly moro picturesquo than the Mongolian. Tbo pcouliar form of sweets which ho .makes, and soils ho calls " Indian Delight." This looks liko a mass of rod and white shavings. I buy some for tho purposo of interviewing the man and am rather sorry I parted with the 6d., whon ho insolently claiiris his right to trado in AVangaratta as a British subject " This much my countrycos yours Sahib, Queen Arictoria, Surra Maharanee, she my Queen. She let mo como hero. No ono daro touch me. Queen protect mc. Englishman livo in my country.. Queen let me live here." If this argumont wero true all the Chinamen born in Hong Kong or tho Straits Settlements linvo the right to swamp Australians. This phase of tho Imperial doctrine does not com mend itself, to mo. But I am pleased to soo tho nativo born of this . district havo shown the superiority of our own raco transplanted to Australia. Mr. AVilliara Allan, for instance, was born and bred noar here. His flour mill is ono of tho features of AVangaratta, and, tako it all through, it is one of the most complete I have seen in the world. After "speering," at my companion and myself as to whether wo are "millers" anxious to pick up trado secrets, Mr. Allan shows us''over liis establishment. From "first break" to bagging oveiything is dono by machinery. Tho latest improvements .aro seen here. Everything 'looks clean . and bright. Tho quality of the wheat grown in this district is a- guarantee of tho quality of the flour when 'turned out with such carc. .From' the upper floor of . this null we have a charming view of tlio slopes of tho AVarby Ranges. It is in this! .'establishment, showing as it so tho roughly does the benefit of the protective policy, of our colony, that I get my last and most pleaainc iresrwuens of AVassrtt& 