HUMOUR. Lumley says he isn't much on grammar, but he knows that the noun wife is in the im- perative mood. We believe its was a well-making citizen who alleged as a reason for not wishing to live on a hill that the climb—it did not suit him. More poetry than truth in this: 'Do not be unhappy. When unhappy people die they become ghosts and never get to Heaven 'Give me a loaf from your abundant store and save my life,' pleaded the tramp. 'You've been loafing all your life—git out'er here,' replied the farmer's wife, with true oriental politeness. Two ladies contended for precedence at the Court of Charles V. They appealed to the Monarch, who, like Solomon, awarded 'Let the elder go first.' Such a dispute was never known afterward. Had to Take, the Lot—Jones' better-half had presented him with twins. When nurse brought them into the room for inspection the poor man was so bewildered at the multitud- inous character of his happiness that he asked; 'Am I to choose?' A Queer Question—Cora—I really must be careful not to give Mr. Smyphe anymore en- couragement, for I do not want to hurt his feelings. Edith—He has not proposed, has he? Cora—No, but he has been asking me if I thought I could keep house on £2 a week. 'Mr. Benson, I wuz much pained ter heah ob de sudden death ob yer wife. Did dey hol' a postmortem 'zamination.' 'Dey did, sah, but dy didn't hol' it till arter she died. Fool doctah might er knowed he couldn't sabe her life den.' Mary had a little lamb, She has him now no longer, For they made him up into elixir To make her grandpa stronger. 'Yes,' admitted the visitor, when the proud mother exhibited her baby, 'He has his father's nose, but don't worry. It may not always be that red.' At any summer hotel: Dagsby (an arrival) —By the way, Binthair, how's the waiting managed here? Binthair (with a sigh)—Oh, the guests do all that! HE WAS UNLIKE THE SHORE. Inez (telling of her yachting trip)—And from there all the way home we simply hugged the shore. Young Saphead—Aw, do you know I would have been werry glad if I could have been the shore. Inez—Thanks; but the shore had lots of rocks—quite an attraction nowadays, as you are aware. UNDER THE GREENWOOD TREE. Miss Chilton—No, Mr. Arden, it is impos- sible. You must think of me no more. Mr. Arden (eagerly)—Ah, don't say that. If we meet here again next summer won't you give me another chance? THE TROUT SEASON. Oh! was ever a man more happy, Could ever more gleefully sing, Than when buying trout in the market, And swearing he caught the whole string? THAT BOY AGAIN. Tommy—Say, Mr. Dryleigh, you can try it on me, if you like. Rev. Mr. D.—I don't understand you, my child. Try what? Tommy—Why, ma eays you can put any- body to sleep in five minutes. (Tableau.) 