AX UXSEXSATIOXAL ghost STORY. Life fulfils itself in mauy ways; and wliy should there not bo a modern and unexpected sido to an experience ch rcvenantl^ Thero is certainly no law in that variously interpreted code which forbids ghosts to walk at midday, and with chills and chains and winding-sheets omitted. I set off to mi t mine, at any rate, on the top of a tram:, ir, open-eyed, uushrinkiog, and unsus: tting, and fled from it in the broadest, si iniest light of one of the few summer days that fell to the share of 188S. It was a flat sort of straggling suburb to a seaport town from which that tramcar started, and to the memory that flashed back some quarter of a century along its track the suburb seemed flatter than of old, its few green dimples smoothed away for tho laying of the rail which stretched from tile new station to the foot of tho one big hill that the district boasted. " Will you walk over the hill or wait for the 'bus 1" asked our conductor, as his passengers—a man with a pipe, another with a scythe, aud two women laden with babies and baskets —preceded us down the ladder. Walk 1 Wait! Wait 1 We did not know; wo lost his meaning tor a miuuto—that matter-of course inquiry had a magic in it. Over the hill 1" It was the cue excursion of our town-bounded youth, our one glimpse of a beyond, from a life shut iu aud shut out, as it seemed to us, by small st my streets, with a persuading flavor of stores and tarpaulin about them. An enchanted < land lay "over tho hill;" a land of j woods and streams, of wonderful wide skies, and waving eornfields; a laud where flowers grew aud cows were milked, I and where trees meaut swings and birds' | nests, and not woolly impossible {( copies" | to sketch from in lead pencil. " 2so, wo , would walk," we told the bewildered conductor at last, feeling though, as the 'bus presently passed us, that," had we | been as honest as Uhland's hero, we must have stopped it and paid faro. "Take, oh, boatmen, thrice thy fee," that con saientiou3 traveller is said to liavo insisted, as he was ferried across the river, Tor unknown to thee Spirits twain have crossed with me A whole troop went up that hill with us, in shadowy " gig," or slower coach," or running, shouting by our side. We rested at the ton. refreshing our selves with the old " view," and then Walked slowly on, very sure that wo needed no guide to the well-remeoiber..d way which led, skirting tho copse and the hayfields, to the village some two miles off. Yes, that was the l-oad along which tile trees met overhead, and the birds piped the overture of our summer fo.'ioc saii'j. Bat surely the a venue had groivn curiously short ; this was a mere clump of elms ; aud where were the haylields ? Mithall allowance for agricultural retvrts which spoke of this year's hay as "sodden," and recommended "silos," no rain could so entirely have swept away grass, no possible or impossible system of ensilage could transform hay stacks into mean brick houses. " This Valuable Freehold Land to be .Sold in Building Plots "—there it stood, an un mistakable board where in our memory stood a tree—a tree ! a whole glade and tauglo of trees ' Could we, after ail have mistaken our way ! Wo were re duced to asking a passer-by, " Was this the road to WottouJ" " To Wotiun ville, did we mean? Yes, keep straight on for a mile or so, and we should como to the church and hotel." Hotel! Here was another shock. Our wayfarer had iron-gray hair under his billycock hat. so we thought we might "euturo to ask after the avenue that had once bordered Captain .Murray's trat formed Ik-Ids. "-Murray—Murray, tier. heard of (he name ; but the trees, oh. vs, they have been cut down twenty years aback, when the now forts were built on the hill' yonder." Our next landmark was a cottage Cross Cottage it was called—how the'old names came crowding back—where somo cousins had lodged, adding thereby greatly to tho delights of one holiday season. This must bo it. close to the wayside, with the old quaint cross carved into the porch : but a smart glass conservatory bulged on the side, and Sic. Croix in big gilt letters shone on the little white gate. The "mile or so" seemed short; tho village struggling down in shop and villa toward the ivy grown square-towered church, had grown to meet us ; and the post-ofiioe—which we recalled had even then the germ of a "store," iu its diamond-panel windows —had now wundrously developed into a distinct and recognisable niategla s type of the species. We went into the smart Wottonvilie Hotel, th.- modest Wottrm Arms of our youth, for our much in eded cup of tea, which was brought, to us in an «a3thetic teapot, and witft a willow patternplateful of the most water- like bread and butter, in place of the crusty loaf on Its wooden platter and the yellow pats of former days. The elegant emasen fated repast nevertheless gave us courago for further quest of long-forsaken haunts, and ttiming down the lane we went in search of the gamekeeper's cottage in the park, which, summer after summer, a quarter of a century since, had let to' us its front parlor, and, I believe, all its available bedrooms. And here, linn- and change stood still. The park, wo heard had passed into other hands; but tin trees, unheeding, shimmered their «reen j waving shadows as of old, and the stream I sang its little siren sung, and the wild pansies peeped up frmu the -ra^s and the brown earth gave forth its sweet'smell jnat as in the day when the first story was planned by the brook, and the first dream was dreamed by the stile. It was something of a shuck to fin,] Um cottage shut up to see the clematis clinging to hoarded windows, and some geese run cackling across tin- --ras=plot where we grey haired folks haa'plaved. Hut the park with its green ivstfnhiess was reviving, and wp were passing out of the chief lodge gato in peaceful.not to my complacent, " Don't you remember" sort of mood, when some one came out into the porch, shading her eyes from the sun shine with a gesture that seemed some how familiar. The todgekeeper in the old days had been a givat crony of the children at tho cottage, and though tins portly personage bore but little sug.'es tion in her ample lines of iim-s of "ho comely figure we dimly recalled. Yet. could it be her mother ? we thought, ami in another minute determined that it might well bo herself, plus "tho burden of many years," and, as the damo wished 'i00d aY> the slow, soft, country lottos inaae us certain of ]jtr identity. WouM the recognition b<3 mutual? We wniulorod we hoped : but the hope waned aud tho wonder grew as wo fell into talk. " Yes she hae lived at that lodge nigh on fivel and forty year, ' she told us, "and had quicker8totote'ehrage'f ; uTikeLess" was I insisted at last, and 1 took off ,;ly ,Zt UHU I LOOK Oil i'iy as I spoke; but, alas 1 the gleam „f med to ti """"'HdUU'' DO H'Prs usually attributed to silver. She 'aliook 4-_ , ,s»«a ; U1U i!i!,er '1th8 "'l11 ihkk seemed to have none of tho stimulating usually attributed to silver. She j her head with a'polite persistency that was pitiful ton, and at; at last, i„ cLpru I named some of tho old names. The,/ indeed, came my reward, in shape ,.f stari and ejaculations, aud pressing offers as of old, of cowslip wine, and a hundred halting homely questions concerning the absent, .the distant, and tho past. "The boys ? Jiow were they ? and where ?" We could not tell her how, for us, that word had_no longer a plural, but perhaps tho kind ■ soul guessed, for she took to stroking my hand in- tho old comfortable fashion, and " Oh," she presently all but moaned, "' what changes timo do brinw ! Ob, deary, deary me! And you did promise to bo so pretty!" It was im possible not to laugh ; and,though it was tu no sense my fault that I had nut kept my word, I felt the unmerited reproach in her tonus, and I doubt if ever laugh con inemT TOCO .«UUUIno sorrow for quite involuntary Bin. «J50|I nover s)?oukJ have known yon," continued tho old dnmo, every flower and ribbon in her cap nodding in mournful confirmation, as she stood suVvcyiug me; "deary, deary me i 1 can see you now, against that elderberry-tree, with your long brown curls and your big blue eyes." And as slio spoke I saw it too—standing up slim and straight in the warm sunlight—tho ghost of my vanished youth. What was there in its bright brown hair and its honest bluo eyes to scare one so 1 But I shivered and fled from it, that poor slim little ghost, with quick farewell hurrying down the hill, to find the work-a-day world lying at our feet, some of its ugli ness charmed out of it in the ravs of tho sunset.' — Cassell's Magazine. 