PLACING THE TOPSTONE. Yesterday at noon the final stone of. the Centehnlal-hali was laid by Miss Mary Ann Harris, eldest daughter of the Mayor of Sydney. The occasion waa made a moat interesting one, as at the inritation of Messrs. Stewart and Co., the contractors for the building, a large party of ladies and gentlemen assembled. Visitors who had cards of entreo wore nshered through the council- chamber along the northern annexe to the back balcony, from whence they ascended by a spiral staircase to the roof of the building, - which is to bo used as a promenade. Here, on the northern parapet, the last stone, weighing some 25c\vt., was hung suspended ready to be laid in position. There wna a large gathering of ladies and gentlemen on the plat form, and whilst the arrangements were being completed for the ceremony an opportunity was given to survey the magnificent panorama which spread itself on every sido. The view from the parapet is a grand one, embracing the whole of the city and near suburbs and the sinuous windings of the harbor. Amongst those present, all enjoying the breezy air, were the Mayor and his family, most of the aldermen of the city, a few members of Parliament and,, a large num ber of ladies. When all was arranged, Mr. D. Stowart, one of the contractors, stepped forward and in the name of the firm presented Miss .Mary Ann Harris with a beautifully chased silver trowel .with an ivory handle and a mallet with which to perform the ceremony. The little lady then modestly, and with evident signs of natural nervousness, gracefully performed the duty im posed upon her, laying the topstono of the building (the foundation-stone of which was laid by her late, mother five and a half years ago). Instructed by Mr. D. Stowart, she went through the customary formalities, and amid cheers declared the last stone well and truly laid. The stone bore the following inscription : — "This stone was laid by Mary Ann Harris, daughter of John Harris, Mayor, on the 10th April, 1889, being the final stone sot of the Centen nial-hall." The trowel presented to Miss Harris bore the inscription, "In commemora tion of placing in position the final stone of tho Centennial-hall by Miss M, A.. Harris, daughter of John Harris, Esq., Mayor of Sydney," whilst on tho reverse 6ide wore the words, " Presented by J. Stowart and Co.. contractors, April 10th, 1889." The head of the mallet was surmounted by a silver shield, on which was engraved Miss Harris1 mono gram. After the stone had been declared duly laid, The Mayor, on behalf of his daughter, thanked the contractors and the citizens pro- sent for the honor conferred npou her. Her mother had laid the fouudation-stono of the hall and the daughter had put on the super structure. In a ffew brief words ho slcotched tho history of the Centennial-hall, which when completed would bo one of the finest, as it was the largest, in tho British Empire. The, cor poration, who had been greatly blamed about the matter, had experienced groat difficulty in the work which they had set themselves to do, to give to the citizons of tho mother city of Australasia a hall worthy of them and one which would be regardod with prido by the generations yot to come. This building was the result of small beginnings, originally tho corporation as far back as 1857 had decided to bnild a town- hall in Bligh-3treet at a cost of £5000. Afterwards theyngreed to spend tho sum of £14,000 on the building, and in 1859 they got an Act of Parliament passed giving to them tho Bito of the old burial ground, upon which the present edifice stood. Tho foundation-stone of tho Town-hall M/tn Im'rl An Any.il .1 ISrtft. Vl V TT.It.IT. ttlfi Duke of Edinburgh daring tho mayoralty of Mr. Cbas. Mooro, tho designs being furnished by Messrs, field and others. The plans for tho Centennial hall, tho topstono of which had been laid that day, were prepared by the late Mr. T. H. Bapsford, who was tho architect of tho building, and tho work after his death was revised by Mr. Hennessy, the consulting architect of the corporation. Since then it had beon ably carried ont, with sundry alterations and improvements, by tho present city architect, Mr. Geo. M'Bae. Tho contractors for tho founda tions were Messrs. M'Leod, and tho work of tho superstructure hnd been carriod ont by Messrs. J. Stewart and Co., who had had. to faco nume rous difficulties. Complaints had beon made of tho long time which had been occupied in tho completion of tho building, but this was no fault of the contractors, as the delay had been occasioned in consequence of tho alteration which had to be made in tho construction of tho iron girders supporting tho roof, which had to be ordered from England. Now everything was in progress. The girders had been placed in position, and the ironwork for tho roof was expected to arrive by the ll.M.S, Faryamatta, about the 20th iast., after which tho interior work would ho rapidly proceeded with, and he hoped that this magni ficent hall would bo completed and ready for tho use of the citizens soou after the end of tho S resent year. He thanked them for the honor one to his daughter. After three cheers had been giron for the Queen, the Mayor, Miss Harris and the contrac tors, the company left tlioir lofty altitude and descended to the basement, where a repast was provided in the vestibule, the catering being carried out by tho Compagnonl Company. The tables were artistically laid out and somo 800 ladios and gentlemen sat down. The chair was occupied by tho Mayor, and after the usual loyal toasts had been duty honored, Alderman Mahnino proposed the toast of "Tho Ministry and tho l'arliament." Ho alluded to the close connection and sympathy,. which should oxlet botweou tho Parliament and the corporation. Mr. J. Macintosh. M.Tj.C., in responding, alluded to tho fact tnat 80 years ago ho had made his entry upon public life a3 an alderman of tho city of Sydney. Ho remembered the difficulties' tlioy then had to encounter. He traced the |history of the Town- hall,- which originally was to cost £5000, but which had grown in dimensions until tho present building when completed would cost little loss than £260,000. , , . „ , Mr. F. Abioaii., M.P., also briefly replied. Alderman Ar.BXANDun Dean proposed " Tho Day We Celebrate. ' He alluded to the time in 1841 whon as a schoolboy ho used to pass tho old burial grounds frightened of tho ghosts which in his youthful imagination lie feared might appear. Now on tho name spot they had one of tho grandest public buildings in the world, which would have cost when com pleted little less than a anurter of a million etorling. Ho hoped the building would be completed by tho end of tho year. Mr. D. Stewart, one of the contractors, re sponded. Ho oatd that for the past three year. they had been engaged, in tho work, and in spitq of numerous delays during that time they had put together 25,000 tons of solid material. He was grateful to the Mayor and the ladies and gentlemen present for the manner in which the toast had been received, and -hoped that they would bo able to complete their work by the end of the present year. Tho Centennial-hall, which included 14,100 square feet, would be o'no of tho largest in the world, and would far eclipse the Melbourne Town-hall. The great hall was 18,8ft. long, 85ft. wide, and 65ft. high. The other largest halls in Eng land and the colonies were the Preston Town- liall, which was 147ft. x 95ft. ; the Glasgow Public-ball, 185ft. x 76ft-; St. Georgo's-ball, Liverpool, 185ft. x 102ft.; and the Melbourne I Town-hall, 117ft. x 72ft. I Mr. Ueoiirk M'Hai;, the city architect, also replied, expressing the hope that they had seen the beginning of the end, and that having tided over all their difficulties, they would see tho Centennial-ball, which would, both, in sire and appearance, compare with any hall in tho world, completed by tho end of tho year. The grand organ, which had beon constructed by Messrs. Hill and Sons, of London, was completed, and would be in position fin September, when the citizens of Sydney would be able to boast of having the finest instrument in the world. Mr. F. AniOAtl/, M.P., proposed the health of tho City Council, whose members he believed had ever worked in the interests of tho citizens. The Mayor, in responding to the toast, re marked that so far as the public were concerned the corporation had received " more kicks than ha'pence," andiit was something now for them to near themselves spoken of in terms of com mendation. Mr. Abigail had alluded to the fact that Mr. Gladstone was in favor of female suffrage, but he could state that the . Sydney Corporation had long sinco introduced the system, and now the ladies wore eligible to vote at elections and were really eligible - to fill the positions of aldermen and even of Mayor. The council had been roundly abused with respect to the George-street markets, which, he admitted, were a disgrace to tho city, but it must be remembered that they had no power either to leaso tho ground or to build thereon, and he only desiied that the Go vernment would hand over to them the site, and allow them to build npon it. The public in in this respect blamed them wrongfully. Coin- Sarisons had been made between Sydney and eibourne, to the disparagement of the former, but it must be remembered that the Melbourne Corporation were splendidly endowed by the Government and that the people of Victoria took a pride in their magnificent city. In Sydney the coporation had had from the com mencement to fight an uphill battle, and now their endowment of £25,000 per year had ceased. In. 1854 a commission had been ap pointed by the Governmont, nnd they had managed city affairs until 1S57, when the whole was handed over to lite corporation, which at tho very outset wa3 saddled with a dobt of £800,000. They theu got £10,000 a year endowment, wliffi was seldom paid, as it was presmnatily swallowed up in paying interest. In 1879 they were debited by the Government with the sum of £790,000, alleged to be principal and interest accruing thereon, so that they had received but little encouragement. In spite of this the council had effected great tilings, and what ,they had dono had been by taxing the people, 'not from any assistance they had received from tbo Government. The city rato amounted to £220,000 a year, and out of this they had to pay £45,000 towards a sinking fund and for iutorest. In the past, with the exception of Dr. Lang, tho city members had dono little for them, nnd they had received but scant courtesy at the hands of tho Parliament — in fact, as far as that body was concerned, Sydney might bo at King George's Bound or Adelaide. Tho Government really had done nothing for tlio city. Alderman Kipi'ax. an alderman of 26 years standing, also responded. The toasts of " The Ladies," " The Press " and " the Mayor " bronght the proceedings to a close. 