TO-DAY'S NOMINATIONS. shoalhaven: Nowra, This Day. At the nominations to-day Philip Henry Morton, Free-trader, waa proposed by William Kennedy and seconded by Cap tain William Millard ; William Love- grove, Protectionist, was proposed by Edwin Secoombe and seconded by Franois M'Mahon, sen. The Bhow of hands was. declared to be in favor of Morton. Four hundred were, present. w oi.longohq, This Day. A large and influential meeting in favor of the Protectionist candidates, was held in the Temperance Hall laat night, Mr. John Richards in the choir. After some remarks from Mr. Jones, the Protectionist candi date, the Hon J. Fletchor, who was received with much cheering, delivered an able nddreBB. He conclusively showed that in matters of labor Protection waa an absolute necessity, and labor organisations forbade their members selling their labor on a Free-trade basis. The State should be empowered to do for the general community what the community was unable to do for iteelf. If Free-trade was to bo the rule, it must be Free-trade all rouud, whether as regards labor or the products of labor. New South Wales im ported to the extent of £4,000.000 annually, but deducting the exports under tho same beading and, for the sake of argument, putting importc at .£2,000,000 annually, would any man dure s iy that spending the latter amount in the cnritry would not materially heuefit the working classes of New South Wales. Ho did not believe in . charity which did not first begin at homo, instead of beginning its labois in countries thousands of miles away. If a duty of 33 per cent ou butter, bacon and cheese did not raiBO tho price of that product to the consumer, how could it be contended that a duty of 10 per cent would increase the price to that extent ? Then, if one branch of business under a perfectly Free-trade system was taxed to the extent of 33 per cent., without the consumer suffering, was it not reasonable that a similar effect would tako place in the other industries which could be carried on in New South Wales f It waa oertaiu that whatever the future policy of the Government might be, the fiscal policy of New South Wales would be either of a Protective nature or of a Free-trade nature in reality, and not partly Free-trade and partly Protection as it iB at present. Mr. Fletoher then referred to the order for cast' iron pipes, to the value of £56,000, which ho found had been sent to England by cable immediately before the last Government leaving office, aud his endeavor to stop the letting of the contract, but too late. He had been blamed for his . action in the matter by the Sydney presB, as if censure and not praise, was dae to the one who considered that it waa for the best interests of 'the colony that work of this nature should be done in the colony. In the Wollongong district they had the finest' iron ore in tbo world; they had platite ore— the famous ore known in Scotland as Black Band— and magnetic ere, with coal in abundance, and the necessary fluxes. He asked them, therefore, as sensible men, why they should not get pig iron made in Illawarra district, in- instead of sending 12,000 miles for it ? He asked them if they agreed with the recent utterances of Mr. Wise, at Bal- main, who said to the unemployed and starving man, that there was a great moral aapeot in Free-trade, inasmuch as if they had not work, it was a consolation that other men were being employed by the money we Bent abroad ? A voice : No. Thenj if they did not agree with the moral aspect of Free-trade, they must see to it that men were returned to the House in tho Protectionist interest, who would work towards the advancement of richly- endowed New South Wales. He did not blame the "calico jimmies" for striving so earnestly in the cause of ' Foreign-trade. The great foreign importers, who were making enormous fortunes in the present circumstances, were making a struggle for their existence; bat then they caUed look ing after their private affairs a care of the pnblic interest. It was high time such conduct had a proper term applied to it. They constantly placed Victoria in an un favorable comparison with New South Wales, as if comparison were first. The southern colony "was only 40 years old, while this colony was passing its hundredth birthday. It was only one-fourth the size of New South Wales, and had no coal. It was like a 14 stone man bragging he had licked a 12-year-old boy. In New South Wales the value of the net imports for 1887 was : — Of flour, 26471,687, and other items or rood stuff made our food bill up to 26610,541. The value of net imports of grain for the same year was 28218,355 ; of hay, chaff, straw, onions, and potatoes, <6263,738 ; of hams and cheese, bacon, butter, and other items, £287,279; the grand total of the value of net imports for the year being £1,366,025< New Sonth Wales also imported maize in that year to the value of <849, G1 8, Victoria alone send ing 98,422 bushels, and Fiji and ' New Caledonia sending in their quota of black- grown and convict-grown produce. Was it not disgraceful that this country should be so dependent ou outside supplies, while our own farmers, owing to a bad fiscal policy, were hopelessly discouraged and handicapped. Comparisons had been made between the respective conditions of workmen in England and Amerioa. Mul- hall showed that while the weekly wage of the boilermuker in Great Britain was 261 lis, in America it was 264 4s ; brick layers in Great Britain <61 12s, in America <64 8a j masons in Great Britain J61 12s, in America 264 4s ; and so on. Then look at the purchasing power of 4s in Great Britain and in America. In Britain 4e would buy 18 loaves, in America 20 loaves; flour in Britain, 281b, in America, 361b ; meat in Britain, 20lb, in America, 201b ; potatoes in Britain, 721b, in America, 821b: and more marked con trast in other articles of domestic use. So muoh for thia exploded argument of Foreign traders. The comparison was all to the advantage of protected America. Referring to the personnel of the present Government, he thought its members mentally and morally, physically, or even so far as good looks were concerned, would bear a very favorable comparison to the members of the late Govern ment. He went over tho chargeB of corruption against the late Govern- : ment, ana referred in strong termB to the Circular Quay purchase and tramway muddle. He counselled them to beware of the sectarian cry, and to bury the Kiama Ghost and other bogies by the exeroise of common sense. The Education Act was not in dangor in the hands of tho present Government, as their Free-trade adversaries made out. It was purely an election cry got up for electioneering purposes. The only fault he had with the Education Act was that education wa b not free. He came of a race whoso forefathers had bled and died for religious liberty, and if any attempt were made to tamper with the Education Act he would resist such with all the force at his command. No reli gious section of the community would dare .to undertake such a hazardous course. The man -who introduced sectarian hate was an enemy to his country, and they must guard its beginnings. Ho counselled them to record their votes to-day in a manner whioh would make their children thank themselves they had forefathers who had both the ability to see what policy was for the best interests of the country, and with the ability and firmness to carry it out, so as to make N.S.W. the home of a great, and glorious people. (Applause.) Messrs. Melville, Walker, and Oreer, M's.L.A., also spoke, and the proceedings closed with cheers for Protec tion and the Ministers. Cobar, This Day. Mr. G. N. Griffiths, the Free-trade can didate, arrived in Cobar yesterday, and held a meeting in Wright's Assembly Hall at night. Mr, Bolton was in the chair. The hall was crowded, but in a very short time they were found to be all Protectionists, as a very small room would hold all tho Free traders in Cobar. A very patient hearing waa acoorded the aspiring : candidate, as the Cobar working men are noted for their good order and courtesy to strangers. Mr. Griffiths, whilst wading through a lot of dry statistics, caused a considerable number of free eleotors who are struggling for existence to leave the room. To arouse the interest of those remaining, he stated the report that a nnmber of woollen mills in Victoria were closed until the men . would accept 4s per day, but Wednesday's Australian Star having declared that to : be a hoax all his other statements were then accepted in the same transparent 1 light. Mr. Griffiths, seeing tho hopeless- . nets of bis position, hurriedly olosed his meeting by preparing a vote of thanks to tlio chnirimiii. Numerous calls were iiitlUd Ml teao 1/iiu fueling u£ bus meeting. Imt to no purpose, and the gathering broke up with three cheers for I'loHoi ioo. If Mr. Griffiths lms to depend upon Cobar, he will loso his £10. Mr. Willi, the p ipular workiui; man's candidate, will he in Cobar to-day. Arrangements are made for a large proces sion and band to meet and escort him into town. Younu, This Day. The Hon. W. J. Lyue, Minister for Lands, addreescd a very large meeting hero last evening in the town hall, and very ably advocated the true cause of Protection, and laid before the electors an outline of tbo course the present Govern ment intend to pursue, which was well appreciated by all present. Mr. M'Kmnon then spoke, and stated that Mr. Lyne did not come hero to convert Freetraders— that he gave U3 a call on his rounds through other electorates. Considering the importance of the electorate, Mr. Lyne thought it his duty to lay before the electors of this important electorate their inten tions. Mr. J. G. Gough then came for ward, end said that be had just retarned from Webb's big shed, where he heard Mr. M'Millan speak, and, at some length, pulled to pieces every argu ment put forth by that Foreign-trader. Each speaker got a moat patient hearing, and was well applauded throughout. Mr. Gough commented in very strong terms on the action of the Free-trade press here in not having reporters present to take notes of the meeting. Mr. M'Millan's meeting waa a very stormy one, and wa3 inter rupted from start to finish. The polling ommenced thia morning at the usual hour, and the electors are rolling np in strong numbers. M'Kinnon and Gough appear to be the favorites here, Ballina, This Day. Mr. T, T. Ewing addressed a large num ber of electors here last night, and met with a good reception. His return is certain. Condobolin, This Day. Mr. Hutchinson addressed a large meeting of about 120 last 1 evening at Robinson's Hall. He met with a good reception and no interruptions, and the chairman declared the show oE hands about equ-1; Coonabarabean, This Day. Mr. W. F. Buchanan, Protectionist candidate, addressed a meeting here last night, and was well received. He spoke at great length on Protection and other -matters, and was subjected to great cross- questioning by the Foreign-trade party, but acquitted himself most successfully. The cause will be well supported here. He will address a meeting at Baradine to night. Casino, This Day. Mr. B. B. Nicoll addressed the electors at the School of Arts laat night, and received a patient hearing. Tho meeting was well attended and orderly. His return s n parly certain, he being a staunoh Pro- . 'pctionist and holding a large stake in the , district. Mr. Bourke, although popular, s laboring under the disadvantage of being a total stranger to this electorate, lie will make the running hot for Mr. Nicoll and Mr. Perry. Newcastle, This Day. Of 6345 voters on the Newcastle roll, 1767 persons exercised the franchise at she late election ; in the county, 4245 out uf 6559 on the roll voted. Windsor, This Day. Mr. Thomas Rose held two very success ful meetings to-day, one at Riverstone, at 3 p.m., the other at Pitt Town, at 8 p.m. Although both these places have been spoken of as strongholds of Mr. Bowman, the Free-trade candidate, Mr. Rose waa listened to very attentively, and a nnmber of questions were satisfactorily answered. Many waverers seem to have been thoroughly convinced of the advantages of Protection, and strong working com mittees were formed at both places. 