METHODISM, On Thursday evening a public meeting was held in the Wesleyan Ohuroh, when addresses were delivered on Methodism in its different phasea by the Revs. J. Nicholson, J, N. Mills, G, E. "Wheatley, and It. Dunstan. The Rev. J. 'Nicholson, ^Chairman of the District, presided, and in opening his address said they were .' celebrating the third jubilee o£ Method ' ism duriug the sessions of the district ' aaeeting. One hundred and fifty years ago Methodism did not esist. It was now the largest Protestant church in ex istence, numbering upwards.of 25 mil lions of adherents. Bis theme was M Some of the peculiarities G£ Method ism." God had not ordained a fixed ohuroh organisation in the New Testa ment, but had laid down certain general principles, which were capable of adop tion to the varieties of human character and sooial life in the world. Under this frea right of organisation Methodism, in oommon with other churohes, had re ceived a mission from God, which it was endeavoring faithfully to fulfil. One of their distinguishing features was the ' principle of connexionalism. They dis . liked isolated Christianity, and believed in uniting units into an organized whole, so that the strong could help the weak. " Each member had rights that connected him with the highest court of their ohuroh, Individual members were formed into classes, societies, circuits, districts, annual, and general Conferences, with dearly defined powers and privileges. Another characteristic was the promin ence given to fellowship. They onlti " vated the social aspeot of Christianity, and fulfilled the New Testament teaching in regard to the communion of saints more clearly than most other churohes. The family feeling in the ohuroh was a source of strength and blessing. The itineranoy of the ministry of the church was another peculiarity. Their ministers " belonged to the whole church, and not merely: to one congregation, and the Bystem of annual appointments gave the' Conference the opportunity of Bending the right men to the right plaoe at the right time. The con gregations secured a mone varied minis try! both iu the matter of truth and the manner of its presentation. There were inconveniences with it, but the benefits were so preponderatingly lajge that the judgment of the church had quite made up in its favor. He also alluded to other peculiarities, such as revivalism, lay agenoy, and their financial economy. These and other features had been brought into esiatenoa by the needs of the work of God, and it was one of their fundamental principles to adopt what ever methods appeared to be owned of God in the conversion of souls and the growth of living membership in the church. The Rev, J, N, Mills spoke on Method jam of the past. One hundred and fifty years ago Methodism as it was known to-day was not. In answer to the question- Why came it into existence P t Me said God willed it, and He raised the Methodist Ohuroh to aid in evaugilizing England, and to spread Christianity throughout the world. Jie brought that to pass by leading Wesley and a few others to feel the need of holiness, and they learned that that oame through the oareful Btudy of God's word, earnest prayer, and faith, in 1728 Wesley was ordained a olergyman of the Anglican Church, but he dated his conversion from 1788\. He himself says " I, who went to Georgia to convert the Indian, found I . needed converting myself." The history pi Methodism had bean marked by re markable conversions, and Wesley's ex perience was a remarkable characteristic of it. Another striking feature was its rapid growth. Within a few years it had spread over many parts of England, Ireland, and then Scotland, and in less than 100 years its agencies were found in almost every land. Another striking " lecture in the history of Methodism was the triumphant deaths of its members. Those were a few of the evidences that the Methodist was a ohuroh raised up by God for the salvation of men. / The Rev. G. E. Wheatley spoke on Methodism of the present. They oould ... pot live on the past however glorious. Wesley with a kind of ecclesiastical paren tal instinot and guided by the Holy Ghost seoured his Model Deed, and thus provided for the perpetuity and develop ment of the ohuroh, but he had no idea that at its third jubilee it would be the . largest church in the world. The great Bucccsa of the past laid upon them a vast \- responsibility and opened out before them great possibilities, Beoause he discovered . those principles which regulate the development and preserve the equilibrium of nature working in the Methodist Church, he considered that Methodism of to-day was full of promise of stability and adaptation to the times. Methodist leaders of to-day were the embodiment of those principles, and their names had , only to be mentioned to assure men of ^future success of Methodism. What British Methodism was to-day Colonial Methodism would be to-morrow. They had passed the pioneering period and had 'entered on that of organization and con Bolidation, and with the blessing of God they hoped soon to reach the period of realization. The Rev. R. Dunatan took as bia aub jeot " Methodism of the future," .Though he disclaimed any peculiar gift of propheoy there were certain signs of the '.times, which all might take note of. As Methodism of the paathad evidently been wonderfully adapted to the times and ?exaotly suited for the work God hpd oalled it to perform, ao in the future, Whatever the needa of the world might -be, the Methodist church bad in it those powers of adaptibility that should make ,It,-under Gtod's blessing, just as success ful aa it had been. One of the signs of the times was the peculiar attitude of modern sceptioism, which at the present day did not show itself bo much in its more hideous form of blank atheism or declared infidelity. In ita modern form of agnosticism of various shadea it was less repulsive, but not less dangerous. It did not now declare stoutly the dia 'beli.ef in anything supernatural or spiritual, but it cast a doubt over all those things. Those subtle powera of unbelief would have to be met and the best way to do ao would be by preaohing the gospel of certainty. Another Bign of the times waa the growing deaire for federation. They were looking for the time wben the British nation would be a federated empire, and some were even looking foE the federation of the world, "The goapel of Brotherhood" waa the tbeme of early Methodism, and so in the future they should recognise at all times the maxim " One is our master, even Ohriet, and all ya are brethren." Other signs of the times to which the rev. gentleman alluded were the forward movement and the relianoe placed in united interceding prayer, The latter caused their hearts to swell with anticipa tion of a grand revival in God's work. In concluding ho hoped that such would come and thuB increase their suoeeea an hundred fold. The moating closed at about 10 o'clock, Holtouiay's Pills.-Tho Great Need.--Tho blood la the Ufa, and on its purity depends our health, if not our exiatanco. Theso Pllla thoroughly cleanse tho Vital fluid irom all contaminations, and by that power streostoen and invigorate tho wholo system; healthily stimulate aluorgloh organs, repress over ,.exoltcd action, and establish order of circulation and : igsoretlon throughout every part o! tho body. 'Tho bftlaatnla nature of Hollo-way's Pills commends thorn to the favour of debilitated and nervosa constitutions, which they Boon reau&oltnto;, They dislodge all Obstructions, both in tho bowola and elsewhere, and * Kt&f; on that account, much sought softer for ptornotlng regularity of action in young females and delicate persons who are naturally weak, or who from soma have become so. ., j One BLAST UPON HIS Bugls HORN WEBB 'Worth a THOUSAND MEN,-And so one bottle of Wolfe's Sohnappa ia worth oases of cordials and elixirs that pleaso tho palate without benefiting the body. Cbushed AGAIN should bo tho condition c of thoao who vainly attempt to rise into publio notice by repeated counterfeits of the artiola known as Wolfa'a Schnapps, 