Mr. Iltnniker Heaton's Ghost. Ghosts, like ancient Gaul, are divided into three parts. There ia, first, your ghost proper. He is the moat popular and beet known of all. He cornea to harrow your feelings and make your hair Btand on end at the festive season of Christmas. He sita by the bedside of your children, and makes them dream dreams and see visions. He drags chains or corpses through country houses, and is, generally speaking, objectionable though popular. Nowadays he has taken to rappings, and he will make your mahogany waltz round or rise to the roof. The world could pull along fairly well without him. Then th«re is your theatrical ghost, much beloved of actors. When he walkB times are good and treasury is solvent. This particular ghost clanka no chains, but chinks money. He is a highly esteemed personage, and the only prayer of grateful actors Is : may hiB Bhadow never grow less. Lastly there ia the Henniker Heaton Ghost. He is literary or nothing. He has got more Information at his finger-tips than that redoubtable warrior Major - General Stanley. He knows more about the Post- office, about penny postage, about ocean maUs and other things than Sir Rowland Hill, Anthony Trollope, Edmund Yates, Mr. Kaikes, Mr. Blackwood, and Mr. Charles Todd put together. His name is Robert Dennis. When the poet Crabbe went up to London he waa surprised to see how popular he was. Said be to JameB Smith —"In my own village they think nothing of me." It is wonderful how history repeats itself. When Mr. Henniker Heaton went up to the House of Commons for Canterbury he might have said in his maiden speech — «This bangs Eanagher; ever in Australia I was not considered a particularly brilliant person, but here I am, Mr. Speaker, returned for the cradle of Anglican Christianity ! In the words of the immortal Shakspeare, who, like me, was an Englishman,' They don't take auy stock of prophets in their own country.'" He might have said this, bat probably he did not. Then he set to work to make a name for himself. He saw a chance in the Post - Office— why should not he make himself as famous as Rowland Hill ? Rowland Hill alwaya called himself by two names; so does Henniker Heaton. Rowland Hill used to be connected with the colonies; so used Henniker Heaton. Rowland Hill took a deep interest in philanthropic movements; Henniker Heaton represents! a Cathedral City. All these coincidences pointed to one conclusion — Post-office reform and a Knighthood. But how I Ignorance is the mother of invention, and the paymaster of knowledge. If he, Henniker Heaton, knew nothing about the Postoffice, why there were lota of poor fellows who knew everything about it, and would be glad of a billet. One such was Robert Dennie—though we are not sure that he was ever a poor man, and now he is £400 richer — thanks to Mr. Henniker Heaton. This good genius haB showered distinctions on Robert Dennis. He has procured for hi8 writings places in the National Review and in the Times; he has even laid one of his papers before that distinguished assemblage, the Colonial Conference of 1887. To give further dignity to these writings, he baa allowed them to appear above his own signature. And—alaa for the depravity of human nature !—bis " ghost" has acted a scurvy part. With base ingratitude he has compelled the " member for Australia'' to pay £400 and costs. This is the "Narrative of the Madness of Robert Dennis," who must from his cruelty be a descendant ° of the minister of the law in Barnaby Rudge. What will come next 1 Will Mr Henniker Heaton let the Post-office rest, or ia he already provided with another " ghost ?" Readers of the proceedings of the Oolonial Conference will remember the two appearances of Mr. Heaton before that body. At the first he seemed not to know anything. When he was questioned by Sir John Downer and other delegates he contradicted himself again and again; he had forgotten this, he was not sure about that. He prayed the Conference to give him "a little time," he would send in a paper on the subject, he would look up facts. So they gave him time and he went away happy, for had he not Dennis, the omniscient, as his " ghost 1" In due time came in the document, which bristled with facts and arguments, and Mr. Henniker Heaton came in smiling, chock full of information like a schoolboy's satchel. He scored another triumph,* and everything would be all right now if he had only followed Kant's advice. " Yex not his ghost" should be the motto on Mr. Henniker Heaton's coat of arms when he blossoms into a Peer of the realm. Meanwhile he is in a pretty mess. But we fancy that be doeB not care much. Ghosts may come and ghosto may go, but Mr. Henniker Heaton—to borrow an image from Lord Chatham— will "stand before the world, like our first parents, naked bnt not ashamed." 