SPORTING. * — THE BRO0KTON AND NOETHAM EACES. FBt Mentob.1 The apportionment of the weights has redticed the probable fields in the handi caps by something1 like a third. The re presentatives of two »f the moat impmtant arables, those, namely, of Mr. (?. Parker *nr! 'blr. Towfion. have dfeffnt»arnd from the programing. Duration, Lowlander, War Cry and Valentine have been struck out from all their engagements. Before' the saddling-bell rings it is probable that the number of competitors will be rsduced still further. For the Ladieg' Purse at Brook ton it is probable, supposing Gunpowder and Footprint come to the post, that all the others will be scratched with the exception of Arab Steed, who will be kept in to make the pace fast in the interest of his stable companion Hinemoa, whom Gunpowder and Footprint will have to meet in the princi pal event later on in the day. Progress, Hero, and Lyttleton, neither of whom have a ghost of a chance, would be mere super numeraries, and may be exptcted to be saved for other races. Even Arab Steed would probably be scratched, wereitnotthat bf running he can do goodserviceto Hine moa, He can merely start to tire out the 2 cracks and injure their chance for the more important event for which they are entered. Should Gunpowder and Footprint be struck out, then of course Hero (by Hector), Arab Steed, and perhaps Progress will stop in. But not due of tbe four is likely to try and beat the two crocks. For the two-and-a-half mile race wo may expect to sea four starters — Hinemoa, Gunpowder, Footprint, and Progress.' The last-named horse cannot hope to win except by a fluke, but will be sen! to the post to make the running for Hinemoa. Hero will scarcely be wasted on a race wliefe he will be in company so much above him, and when he had better be reserved for what lies within his compass. What has been said of Brookton may be said of Northam. In the short handicap— the Ladies' Bracelet— it is indeed just possible that Gunpowder and Footprint, who will have just run a severe race, may be withdrawn. The owner of Gunpowder has a second horse — Eed Cross — whom he niay think good enongh, while, possibly, Jlr, Clerk may not care to take another mile and a half out of his highly bred mare for the Bake of winning a trifling stake from third rates. In this case, there will probably be six starters, pretty evenly matched, and a good race. Indeed, it would be anyone's race, unlesB Eed Cross should prove something out of the common. The District Cup promises to be a most amusing affair. With its heavy weights, amateur riders, and horses that are either on their last legs or mere hacks, this race at all events promises some good sport. Besides the handicaps, it must; not be forgotten that there are selling races, which may be interesting as bring ing out old performers, and may be well contested. At Brookton there is also the Maiden, in which we may expect to see Eed Cross and Blacklock, with possibly one or more of the two-year olds. There is also the Flying Handicap for colonials, which should bring at least five horses to the post, and may prove a very good race. Altogether these two country meetingB promise to give some very good j sport, while they are at the same time interesting as th-» forerunners of meetings of more importance. . ? .. ? ? ? — 