INTEROOLONIAL CRICKET. VICTORIA V. SUUrH AUSTRALIA. Whatever be the result of the cricket match now in progress between Victorian and South' Australian representatives, neither side will be able to look back to it with comlete satisfaction. After Friday's play the §outh Australians felt that JDa^ts Fortune had treated them harshly'beoauBe'Drysdale was given two innings, and the bail would hot leave Morris's wicket when a ball from Gif&n; hit it On Saturday afternoon a most unfortunate contretemps ocourred, which seriously affected the Viotoriani' chance of Winning. In every respect the weather was suitable for cricket The thunder-clouds which overcast the heavens in the morning had rolled away and a genial sun Bhone, while a cool south breeze blew all tbe afternoon. The attendance was not as large as was anticipated, only about 2,500 people being present. On Saturday afternoon the Pavilions were well patronised, a large proportion, being of the fair sex. At about 4 o'clock His Excellency the Earl of Kin tore, the Countess of Kin tore, the Lady Hilda Keith-Falconer, Captain Anatruther-Thomson. Sir Henry Wrenfordsley, acd the Hon. , J. C. Bray (Speaker of the House of Assembly) came down, and until the conclusion of thB play occupied the viceregal box. The : Military Band rendered popular airs from ; the mound in front ofthsPa villon during the : afternoon. ~ In memory of Henry Senile, the : lamented ohamplon sculler, whose mortal remains were being oonsigned to their long reeticK-place, all the flagi on the Pavilions , were half-masted, and all players in the field . wore bands of crape' oh^he left arm. . j From a oricketing jxxnt oi view the play ' |ifas decidedly interesting. Some £rst- olaa ! .batting TU shown, and a point was raised : .which wBl puzzle the authorities.' The !wicket had •worn xeinarkably well on iday. Than "were one ,or two "'Bpots,"" ,t fortunately they we're hot in very , dangerous positions. Of the three remining Victorian batsmen the dashing .Lewitf- alone did mhch, snd hewu rather forthnate. The lonK innings closed for 320. ReMman oame 6ut with the remarkably fine bosrling average of 6 for 50, while the orack Giffen had to oontent himself with 1 for 108, wMch is abont the worst figures he has ever .. mstoh. In ameasnre the South batting was disappointing. Jarvls, igley.and BBnmah did not fulfil expecta- . . nilL . Hald≠,x>n tiie other hand, falsified this season's olub form by playing a splendid - Innings' for. 70. Until he had passed the hatf-oentury he did ikflft make the ghost of a "mistake -S»idayedwUh consummate judginient, s^id J^ou^ef^raC equal to anything sewa -^oos' Pinny MoDennell'e two • """ fnl884. Toward! 4he -end his bniul pbraantf ^1>eoame rtther im- H e a t , t w o ot A order. QifiS, wSo : too(tt, b«tted aa he IN ^SBATH' ANSTRAUA C<VN < ttat WHEN *e ii^^airtmig. qAltftfttt > WITTI TWATMEATF 1t • a ttidfl s«ibe fins^ obpM . ... a tteywaeiaatte^ris bastfortB vbvHtaag ' i w tte. 8oM» AustraitaM -the-ViO-- Wlth'MDtarlBahU b^llknoy. he only bad-mlstako wM madg «y'Phillips, -nt«B«he other hMid Blaokhaai' at |mid-off and DRYM^SLE AND Morris at oover fre- ' 'TTM^^FIMM -by their brOllaht 1 T>umhi»aad>MaLeod wei«themoit ,. roeeMtflfMrttt^ theirwicketo ooetingSfn ti and 2 f0^8 r*Meetively. i result in the South lAuStraliaBslasicg tfae'irama evec if they win ^rboeived afiatlxniitMn'Tnnable, which hit ^fmmtheleg. 3GrwnMfcif>ade»n appealltg |yb:w 0 wUoh was ^cbttptiy disallew^d by Qfiaher. -Attsr the baU stXBek him Qiffon Uwitiitisleet^ewacdlba wicket, which, to tin VMorisn, he brokr, a ^bril An appeal, WAS made to Flypn, at: the Jtr&er;'s end for .hit. ClyAa said ^ioat," bat.to the nt the VlaiNMrians Gifien refused Asked iihieason, he said he had w s givtD sot out by Jlsher in Connection -with that particular stroke, and therefore sfould notgo out onJFlynn's decision. Bl&ak-; 'inm, the Viotorianekipper, obtaiued.a copy lol the laws of erioket as revised fay the *l.C&,*&nd; pointed out LAW 47, whioh eays, The nmpire at the iwwler's wicket shall be ipealedto before tiie other umpire in all • except In those of stumidng, A*t toickeL, outattiie striker's wicket, &c.;" Aocordingto the ruke, therefore, Flynn had a perfect right to give a decision. Here, however, iffisav version of the affair differs materially that o| Blackham. He eays he had got from thegrouadand had walked away from the wicket when a player notioed that the bail was off, and caused an appeal to be made to Flynn. Giffen contends that the wind Jas a matter of fact wind blew off the bails several times during the afternoon), and that as the appeal was -not made immediately he fell the ; hau was dead, and the appeal was made too late. Therefore be absolutely refused to go' out The Viotorians on the other hand assert; that Lewis appealed to- Flynn as soon as Giffen . fell, but Fisher again supports Giffen's oontention. Blackham seriously cbntemplated not going «n with the^ game, but after consultation with his comrades and the Maniger, Mr. Greig, it >a* d6dded forthe saksoftiie public, and tp save future fristion, which oould do no ' gnod fotiie cause of the grand old gaum, to tpanroh under protest A formal protest was «nt to the S. A. Cricketh^ Association by 'Mr. Greig,and the poiqt In dispute will be fbrwardedto the Maryiebdne -CIub. The tfth of the ease, as submitted in the letter, whicb will probably i;o by to-day'e maO, is that the batsman (erased to go out when adjudged out according to Law 47* and tha Victorians claim the batch. Giffen will of couifse -send his verilon of the affair to the club which makes the laws that, rule cricket throughout the world. If the protestis upheld Victoria Will presumably win in any case, THB PLAT. Play was resumed at ten minutes past 12. Lewis went to the wickets with Harry, and skied the first ball he reoelved from Reed* man just out of teach of the field. Harry made a big drive off Reedman, and 4 were ran. Lewis put Giffen to leg for S, and Harry out one in the same over to the fence— 290 up. Lewis obtained a quartette for a pretty drive off the South Adelaide bowler, aad a pull to the : refine brought np the third eentury. Tbe last two balls of the same over were each lifted to the boundary. The-first ball of Reedman's next over yorked Harry. 8—28-S13. The outgoing battman had shown fair form, MoLeod, a left hander, was the tenth man, but he saw Lewis stumped in attempting to lift a alow from the youne bowler. Trimble, the last man, [got his first ball to the Pavilion, but next over he put one into Phillips's hands at mld-ofi, and a pietty catch closed the long ihningB at 12.40. Seedman bowled capitally, and End Jarvis did some smart work in the field. •Exactly at 1 o'clock GiSm sent in Jarvis and Lyoni to oommeaoe South Australia's heavy task. Lewis took the wickets, Blackham fielding at mid-o£ J. Barrett was unwell, and oould iwot . field, ana Philips, one of the emergency 'men, was allowed as a substitute. Morns opeosd the-.attack to Jarvis, who made two rather lucky snkks, each producing 2. Lyons began with a single off Morris, and wen glanced Tremble to leg for 8\. : In Morris's next over be lifted a ball Splendidly oa-to the PawUlon fence. Jarvis was too anxious to score, for he went out to meet Thimble, tat did not get full on to the bill and was easily caught at mld-ofi; 1V7—17. Gebrge Glffua saoeeded &e; Hindniarsh orwk, and. alter faking a maiden from Tkumble : Started his score with a tingle to Ife off Morris. Lyons made a sweet late cat off Trumble to the chains—80 up. With che- toi added the lih^ers »d>oarned for iunoheoe, Lyons hsvfeg opposite his niune, arol GiSsn 1, TWhen play was resamed Lyoaa put one from Trtimbl* dangswdaly near Harry at laiig tilp, and the ball went to the fenoe. After *«pell of slow pl^ the big Norwood manmade afine«t»ight dri*»to th» chains at the far north end or the grounds. Giffen, Who wasplaylng keeps with a vengeance, got 2 far a pretty leg glance off Morris, and. Lyons brought (he half-century up by driving Thimble for 8." Then ocourred the unfortunate dispute wUdb is referred to above. After half an hour's delay play was resumed, and Q9fen~ snicked Trumble for a brace. Trott took the ball from Morris and bowled to Lyons with the object of getting him caught at deep square-leg. Phillips at onoe had an opportunity, but he mlqudged the catch, and Lyons was let off. Then Giffen drove Trott along the carpet for 5, all run out, and swanked Trumble to the chains, Lyons lifting one to the legboundarym the sasae over. McLeod, a. fsat bowler, went on instead of Trumble at 67, ami his eeeond ball scattered Lyonsfe timberyard. Wigley joined his skipper, aad oommnoed by late-catting ; MoLeod for a quintette, the nail just failing to reach the chains, thus giving the batsman an extra mn. McLeod'afast ones were appreciated lay the crack, who principally by neat plaolng to the on raissd the score to 89. Wis maintained a defensive attitude, bat 1 only added 1 to his big snick when MoLeod bowled him off his pads. His olub mate, Haldane, was the next batsman. Giffen drove Trott to the chains, and a late out for 4 by Haldane off the other bowler caused the hoisting of the century. A triplet off each bowler made Giffen'a wore 50, the announcement of whioh was the signal for a round of applause. Morris was put on sgaia instead of Trott, asd after a duut spell for afaenioon tea ^nunMe.went on McLeod giving way ia Us-favour. batsman got Morris to the Patilion fenoe in suooeqdve overs. This brought on Trott again. Haldane only got a,, jungle fof a big drive, but Giffen forwarded a loose one to the boundary.' The~Adela!de den responded by driving Trumble to the Pavilion, and late-cutting the next one. right, down che ground, 5 being run. A beautiful drive by Giffen to the chains sent 140 up. Blackham, who 1 is evidently a great believer in frequently changing the bowlers, put MoLeod on again -vice Trumble. The second ball nearly bowled but the fourth was sweetly out for 4. Drysdale, at 147, took the ball from Trott, who had been expensive. Giffen got 1, and Haldane cut one for 2, Morris bringing down the house by a brilliant piece of fielding. The same batsman hit a couple of pairs off Drysdale, and out the next ball sweetly to the ohains. Four byes off MoLeod registered 16C, Haldane out McLeod for 4, and Giffen by hitting Drysdale to leg for a similar number, put his total two above Drysdale's, amidst cheers. Haldane could not remain idle, but hit a ball from MoLeod . to square-leg for 4. Ouce again Trott went on,^Drysdale retiring. Giffen drove the eeoond ball straight down the ground to the ropes. A single to Haldane made hiB total 50, another burst of applause coming from tbe spectators. The enthusiasm of the people was increased as the cbampior twice in-one over cit Trotfs mediums to the entranqe-gate. Trumble was then tried in Trotfs place at the North Adelaide end. His eeoond ball—a trimmer —proved too much for Giffen, who retired With the board showing 4-85—197. - The partnership had produoed 108 run*. Blinman cirne to the assistance of the big Adelaide crack, and began by nearly being caught < at mid-on. < The little man .raised -.the 200 by craoking Mol^od : to leg for- a quartette. Haldane then popped a fast ball just Over Trott's head at point. Trott was now tried With the wind Instead of McLeod. Haldane lifted Trumble to the det>p field, but Harry, although he leached the ball, found it too low, and it passed him ana: went for 4. A hit for 4 and an. uppish snick for a braoe put Qaldane's score also past Drysdale's. The last ball of the over was, however, fatal, Trumble aooepting a hot return—5—70—222, Haldane reaeived a round of oheers for his lendid innings. Walter Giffan partnered Ss club oomrade and got a triplet for a drive off the long bowler. The acore was only 228 when Blinman, playing back to Trott, hit his Wicket Reedman and Giffen, batting cautiously, played ont time, when the South Australians were 85 behind the Victorians trith ;4 wickets to f^U.. fiwres Fintliwings. E. A. Barrett, 0. andp, LJONA 3 Ji McIlwraith,O. Besdmsa T lkGiffen ... 8 H. Trott, Lb.w.. b. Lyofifi .. 86 J t E. Barrett, b. Parkin ... Ji MoC. Blackham, b.<fieedman. J. Drysdale, e. and*. Haldi & Morris, o. Haldwie, b. .9LRVII;H.REEDIBIAN MaLwbd^liot-otft... TrumUe.^, Phillips, h. Reedman BYAAQTL^G-BYESS,noballl... ... 41 ... 48 ... 65 ... SO ... 88 ... » ... 1 ... 4 ... 11 Total ... iao BOWXIKG AHAI.YS1S. • '' Balls. Mdaa< Bona. Wckta, Lyons .... ... 156. 4 a tt Giffen . ... 262 Id 108 1 Beedman ... 101 6 CO 5 Parkin ... ... 36 8 28 1 F. Jarvis ... 24 1 1(T — PbiiHps^ ... 38; « 24 — Haldanti 24 I 15 1 tGiffsn bowled 1 no ball. , . SODTH AOSTBAIX4. A. £L Jarvis. c. Blaekham. fa. Tramhle 7 Jl J. Lyons,rb. McLeod Gs. Giffisn.t, Trumble - ... ... . R S. WiglejbJi, MoLeod ... ... H. L. Haldane, o, and b. Trumble H. Blinman, b. Trott.. W. F. Giffen, not out Reedman. not out../ Byes 7, leg-byes 3 Total for 6 wickets C 