IHE MYSTERY IN BERKELEY- SQUARE. To this day (says Casskll's Saturday JuUiixal) it remains a mystery, and it will probably ever remain so. There is no nuestion of delusion : no one could or can deny it. The facts arc facte, plain and unvarnished; and us they were told to the writer by a frjend — if ho were not a rela tive of tho parties — they Bhall bo repeated, Ab there is no use in alarming people, we shall not mention the number of the' house. It is, however, on the west side of Berkeley.square, Loudon, W. ; and we repeat that the tale is absolutely true. The house which we visited was at that time apparently untenanted. It was certainly in a bad state of repair, and as certain not to be let. No tenant was desirous to inhabit it; for, though a care- laker and bis wife lived in the basement, tlicy could not onter the haunted room ; and the mansion had remained empty and desolate iu the whirl of Mayfair. These were the conditions when a family from the country came, and, despite the exterior appearance of the house, wore certainly pleased with its in terior arrangements. The house suited al I parties, and it was painted and renovated sufficiently to satisfy the tenants for the season. . The tradespeople were all oa tho tiptoe of expectation, for no one had ever lived in the house for four consecutive weeks. Rent had been surrendered, and a hurried departure had again caused the advent of tho caretakers. " It was their doing," was the whispered comment. " These people say the house is haunted, and so they have house room." Bui they never dissuaded a tenant. Many tenants came and went; sounds were hoard, and something uncanny wa3 in possession, for no one remained. The family who camo into temporary possession of the mansion had no idea -,f Us history, and it was at this period j,jj0 ZC tllat the writer's ace aata,lue with the house began, The new tenants took possession, and were nanded over all the keys. There werq t,sonpanfcs for al| the bedrooms, and oUe upper npavl r. >V - WI ,t7 the. housemaid, i was & iiidC'Iy furnished room at the back of the house; small, but, except f r a pjetii'as atmosphere, very coiutorUbl -. " No one had hitherto slept in that room," they said, "and ib was ip.ther damp." Son lire was lighted, and the bed made ready for its new occupant. The girl came in in good time, and went upttaiis to bed. Everything wis i- readiness for her, and tho ladies' maid, who had indicated tho appartmeut, h id left her. Ere she had got into bed, a. pi. icing shriek ftrotiSed the housoliold ; then a heavy fall in the housemaid's room cau.sed tlium 'to hasten upstairs, What cculd bo the matter ? Mistress and ser vants rushed up together ; master fol lowed. The room was broken open, and a terrible sight met the gaze of the intruders. Tlie poor girl, partly dresBed, was lying insensiblo on the floor in a dead faint, She ; was laid on the bed, and remedies were applied as 'soon as possible. Tlie convul- si \ e movements of her lirab3 were succeeded ' by violent ravings, and it required two nun to Hold her, so terrible were her siiuggles. Her appearance was that ot' n m-.nidc, and when, with the assistance of a .-.outor, she had been calmed, it wn3 per- c-.ived, with unutterable terror, that the poor girl was "raving mad." She wft"! quito exhausted for awhile, but the paroxysms again began. She was i c moved as soon as possible, and atier awhile a lucid interval in tcrvcncd. To questions addressed to' bur, she only replied, with terrified mien and nameless horror in lior'face, " Yes, I- saw it! I saw it I" and relapsed into imbecility. Now what she had seen wa3 a mystery. : She never gave any account of the horribly strange sight that met her gaze. The story got wind and was laughed at; was ct edited wholly or partially according to the constitutions of the hearers. The tenanla avoided the room, which was again locked up, -and uo more was heard of; "i he ghost" for a while. It happened one evening that tho1 tiii ants gave a party. There iva's a smsl'.j deuce, sad amongst the guest3 were Boaiej gu-idsmeh and other officers! There was1 si.me curiosity expressed us:to the haunted! tv.ein, and many of _ thij r gucs's— pu- ticularly the military ' ones'— fiauklied- at! tlie idea of'ahy daiiei-' o'rjgliost. .Finally, ' tlie Eiibjqot; absorbed' geherar'attention ; I cu.ncing ' w;a9i '' di'ccnrded 'for 'dieenssioh;! 'the believers 'outnuuibed 'the j "I'll bet you officer, "tliat" I will go And remain "an j hour in the haunted room, and '" come down unharmed." .- "Done!." exclaimed! I is opponents." M Don'tf" exclaimed the- more timorous' of: his friends. The l'ady of ! the house and her- hus oand both endoa-i vcred to dissuade liim. Bub he was firm,; He laughed gliosts to scorn, and jestingly! bade " farewell". to his companions, He! cniried a candle, and as he prepared to-1 nerend to the room, wliioh had. been! lighted with gas, some presentiment souis; lo have affected him, but he laughed away; ali Teuionstrahee. ''Toil won't frighten, n.e with a regiment of ghosts," he said. I " But I'll secure' my retreat. Remember, ! if I ling ouco, you will be ready to come; upstairs, because you will then understand ' that I have seen ' something and may! rcquiro assistance." They promised, and. j he continued, "But if I ring twice, you : will at once know that I ani in peril, untl; then come up us fast as ever you can. I i shall not ring without reason." They wished the young fellow good luck, and standinginandnear the drawing-room door watched him ascend tho Staircase. lie laughed them a cheery "good-bye," entered the room, wluoh was fully lighted, and shut the door loudly. The noise echoed through tho house, now silent, for t-vryone, even the 6ervantB, were on tlu- qui vive, and the ringing of tho lieil wa:- anxiounly expected. The men stood on the landing; tho ladies generally re mained in the room?, conversing only in whispers, and feeling, as one expressed it. as if something was going to luiown. Hi!- had been go no 15 minutes, nnd 'no sound bad alarmed tho guests. Bct3 begu-i to be talked of, nnd wagers tendered tlin'; he would not ring, and that there was uo ' ghost " nor mystery at all. Suddenly a faint "ting, ting" was heard from tho basement. There was no mistake — he had rung the bell ! Oa this startling noiico the ladies ran out, and stme of the men began to ascend the stairs. A few were for rushing up at once, but the courage of their friend and .their agieement held them back ; still they were ready for a dash up the flight at thu first tingle of the second bell. Some terrible minutes passed ; the ticking of the clock was distinctly audible. Then a loud, violent crash of tho bell — a sound of fearful significance to all who heard it. Two seconds t-:uliie«d for the men to reach the room and burst open the door. This is iiliat they oiw — tho young officer, stretched . in his evening dress ou the bed, rigid, dead! Hisj.vw had dropped ; liia eyes were staring upen vacantly in mortal terror; a liutnb, stony fear nnd awful horror stamped ou hi; feature- ! His left hand clutched tin. bell-ropo which had summoned up lib- friends. But no presence was visible. No form nppeared to alarm the others. There he lay, stark, staring mad in death. IV lint ho had seen— whether demon o: Epirit — must for ever remain a mystery a irm.t as ever puzzled the London world He died, scared to death by the nwfu: apparition wbich he had iu tome manner . defied of offended. Some time nftor, w« believo iu 18'79, fit: condition of the house and tho mystery again claimed alteulioi;. Questions were publicly addressed to iiine.H inl-crestO'' OU:' , r-o reply was given, nor was nay explana tion ever afforded to line perfectly tru mystery ol Berkeley-square. | 