HOME NEWS FROM A FRENCH POINT OF VIEW. OM OCR OWN CORHESPOXDK^T.) PARIS, 2nd February. ^ Up tp the present the newly erected crematory in the Perc "Lachaise Cemetery, has only been employed for the incineration of mosaic or demonstrative corpses; that is, bodies pieced to gether from human fragments selectedin theana tomy theatre, to prove there was nothing either revolting or sacrilegious in de3tructionof a human frame by fire, versus the slow decomposition of the grave. The made up body was to evade the law, which is done for repeal, that no French citizen, can be incinerated on French territory. This explains why Gambetta's remains could not be cremated through it was his wish that they should in order to overcome.the prejudice against colorific annihilation. It remained for u Russian-Dr. Jacoby to inaugurate cremation in France, in the formal sense of the word. The permission to do so was only accorded after great difficulty. It would be inconsistent to refuse the Russians so small a favor, after loaning them half-a million of francs to advance their civilisation. Dr. Jacoby's son, aged eleven, had succumbed to galloping consumption. Only his countrymen and a few foreign friends were present at the ceremony. The Czar was represented by an attache from the Russian Embassy, the French authorities by their delegates, science by a few leading cremationists, and the family by the deceased's father. The time was noon; the shell coffin was con veyad to the ante-furnace chamber, the body taken out and placed on a wrap asbestos. The winding sheet was drawn aside, and the official doctois examined the body, making an incision on the skin, and certifying that Yoan Jacoby, aged 11 years, was dead. The beautiful boy's auburn hair had been drawn back and tied be hind by his mother with a blue ribbon. Be tween the clasped hands of the smiling death had been placed a bouquet of white roses, composed of only single flowers from friends. The incom bustible asbestos cloth was drawn together, and then the body, as if sown up in a hammock, was placed on a kind of bier-truck. At thi? stage there was a few moments pause for mental prayer. The truck was now placed in the mouth of the first furnace chamber, the door closed, and while the body slid down into the fire and licking flames, representing a temperature of 800 degrees centi grade, the father had, with a lighted taper, executed the simulacre of setting fire to the remains. It was the ceremony of a second, a rite of the Tartar sect to which he belon»ed, then "Out, out, brief candle ! " ° The poor father withdrew, burying his face in his hands, and was led to a waiting room, where he silently contemplated the pretty urn destined to receive the ashes of his son. Only the legal representative of the family remained. In ninety minutes nothing was left of Yoan Jacoby but a small mass of white and grey ashes, like the complete combustion or the embers of a wood fire; he had shrunk to the little measure of four quarts, or five pounds of ashes, which were carefully placed in t-he urn, the latter hermetically closed, and formally deposited in the temporary official vault, till the family erect the colombttr sepulchre. Parisians now claim the right to be coleined in their native land. This time the pooh-poohers of Boulanger must hold their peace. After the sublime warning given to the present conductors of the Republic by the General's election, simultaneously, for the three richest departments of France. Paris confirms their verdict by returning him, in the teeth of Government and administrative opposi tion by tho terrible majority of 82,000. Gene ral Boulanger polled 244,000 votes. The monarchal vote has never been estimated by the monarchists themselves, when they voted solid and straight higher than 100,000. There remains then a bulance of 144,000, which no theory or casuistry can ex plain, to be other than purely discontented and disgusted Republicans. There's the rub-the sting. Universal suffrage has condemned, not the Republic, but its conductors. Thatsuffer age cannot be muggled, for the ballet box is more omnipotent than muskets and barricades. The latter are the weapons of the Anarchists. Outsiders, especially outside France, keep harping on the theme, that Boulanger has no programme, and possesses no political ability. The French themselves do no concern them selves one baw-bee, about a programme; they only want him to clear away Parliamentarisme, which has broken down, and that is beyond either reparation or redemption. The nation is profoundly discontented; demands the general elections, to entrust to a new couche of representatives, the revision of 4he constitution. This task is not expected from any single manj Boulanger not excepted. "There is someone wittier than me," said Voltaire, and that is "Everybody." The collective electors are superior to a single law maker. The only Lycurgus of modern times is Rochefort. He once drew up a constitution for France, it con sisted of two articles ; first, nothing exists ; second, no one is ordered to execute this decree.' Until the general elections be held, whether on the uniorpluri,nominal system mrutersbutlittle. The axis of the constitution will not be changed." What that change will be depends on the vofers. The freer the latter, the loss possible a dictator. It is almost next to a certainty that the present politicians of light and leading will be sum marily swept into oblivion. I have been visiting the quartiers of Mont marto-once the stronghold of Clemenceau, and Bellevillee-the once quadriluterol of Gambetta. It was said these hives of working men would make short work of Boulanger. On the con trary, they voted solid and straight for him: so did the industrial suburb of St. Denis. I have mixed with many of these voters, the true work ing men, whose politics are not based on absinthe and fed with petit bleu. And what grief lay heaviest on their patriotic hearts? The wound inflicted by the corruptions known as Wilsonism. They love the republic still, _ and they have faith and trust in Boulanger, whose hand^ are clean. But they have not %; slightest confidence in the present Chambpr, muVnor.e at all in their quondam chiefs who beguiled them with impossible premises: and abandoned their programme on arriving at power. I was asked several times the significant question, " Why have we not a stable Government like other countries! Why has prosperity so ^s < Why are we isolated in Europe ?" J not the ghost of a desire to rush ii\ta \yay with any mortal, but a hungering thirsting for tran quility and work. A,t the same time the work men *yo\M instantly repel any attack from Germany, and are quita at ease as to their ability to do so. They do not by any means view Boulauger as brainless." We do not make our generals out of idiots say they; we know he is a soldier, and only a politician of eighteen months standing, when jealousies drove him into opposition; if ho keeps a corner in his heart for personal revenge, why that is common human nature. And if he but a tithe of the blunders of all the battledore and shuttle cock ministers, he would still be a success. General Boulanger has never said more to his countrymen than to be as strong as money and science can make, for your own security, and to keep a close eye on Bismarck, It is only now that England-and perhaps Uncle bam, hare m this sense beconw BouWists. Every top-sawyer power h,lS tho right to say, rf "in^any claims, "Wo fear no power but . '01it J,?orllaP* Tommy Atkin3 thinks so dur ing his Sunday walks with his Jemima. The ancient Gauls had only one dread also-that of the heavens toppling on their head. ? It is not very important what c;>.jinet re main a in office till the general elections; the FUwiet Ministry is as good as anj visible successor-if it abstains from the official caftdidatisra that so much shocked under th(i^>cond empire. The great object witji all should be not to allow passionate yplitlcs to militate against the sue exhibition. If the elections do not [ come off till October wrt, could not a I^wa routte kiss_ be exchanged, but pU>cW: to'hold sweet for nine months? By many changes will have taken place \n world. 'Germany may have liebppci America and England at Samo^^v taking possession of the islands. By i then England will have drawn the chestnuts ' out of the fire for the winkinc Teuton at East Africa, and made for herself a "deeper enesnv in the Sultan of Zanzibar. I ho death of tlu- ( -rown of Austria, in the prime of life, and the only son of a doating fitthor, is as sad and as painful as woukl be the same to less exalted mortals. Your true demo crat is Death. Tho interests of the crown cannot suffer, a3 there are thirty-eight repre sentatives to fill any vacancy in the male line ere it would be necessary to fall back on another Maria Theresa. Archduke Hodolphe or Rudi <juite short, as ho was known by, was a familiar figure in Vienna. De morluis wl r.ui' konum. Rudi was not so popular t>,?, his father, nor Would he ever havt; b^if, so. .It may not be generally l^iVSM that the deceased prince often ear,ia jo IVis for a spree; but boys will be boys. Ho came at times on a more serious mission, that to consult the eminent heart-doQtw\ Professor Germain See, who advised luff, to ab stain from all violent exercisa t* 'keep his mind constantly emp,Uy<j4' yn travelling or attractive This counsel h\d m«^ _W rto.in confirming the Archduke's iiiato for literature. Jurnalists might ciaiia him as a press confrere, at he contrinsed to some Paris newspapers, like " Cjwwen Sylva," the Queen of Roumania. had one time the. idea of bringing oi't ^ quarterly, to be written, for solely 1^ bloodists. It is. in cov^fr au?nou of having printer's ink on hut liners that some' Paris journalists subscribed to s?nd one 9: theirs to deport 3. wreath on his bier. He dyl flat l\kd Germany, that- which did npt doereaift J<Yanch sympathy for him. Tho over-worked bill stickers for Boulanger who mado their fortune during tho recent electoral contest, have held a banquet. They drank the General's health, and a deputa tion callcd on him and presented him with a bouquet of rod carnations, his rallying flower. During the debate in the Chamber on the Boulanger election, it was stated the General owed his success to the profuse covering of the wnlls of the city with his addresses; for the future candidates must limit the number of their placards. Imagine the safety of a Govern ment, or of a constitution, to depend, on t.he pasting up of one poster more, than the number , fixed by law? That equals Charles Lamb's Btory of the worthy alderman, who vowed vengence on the last pea, that upset his balloon stomach. Mr. Clemencean laid down, that Boulunger was a Messiah, and that Messiahisra facinated the voters. 'Tis true, Carlyle asserts, that the French are a Messiah people. Others stated, that the capitalists are running the General; perhaps they have no other out let for their lying idle capital, since they will not invest it in Panama's,, and wait' till the world at large accepts their bi metallic theory, that when the law says that four francs of market silver are worth five francs, it must be so. Obiter Dictum ; what of the new Panama loan 1 Financiers say that it is a matter solely for the ruined shareholders. The works can only be carried on till the middle of February. If the old shareholders do not subscribe for the fresh loan, -what then ! M. Jacques-the Pauvre Jacques of the popular ditty, and Boulanger's rival, has just been officially informed, he has lost the election by some 82,000 and odd votea. He got a good inkling of this five days previously, when the polling closed.* Pans has now seven doctoresses, all dealing ?with female complaints, and the illness of chil dren of both sexes. Two of the ladies are married. One is appointed consulting physician to the artistes of the opera. It is suggested that, one be also nominated for a similar office to the chamber of deputies. In the biography of the Archbishop Darboy, whose tragic execution by the Communists is well-known, the story is told that when in Rovne in 1867, he was warned by a prophet: " in 1870 you will be shot by the anarchists." Like his predecessor, Mgr. Affie, he too laid down his life for his sheep. By the new law of divorce, a man, if his wife's children are entrusted to the care of her family, he must support his father and mother-in-law. A man twice divorced has just remarried, and has three mothers-in-law depending on him. . Belgravian- mothers will please accept this notice; that there are four young dukes, now private soldiers, in the French army. 