THE fiOVEUST. PRINCE FORTUNATUS. By William Black, Abihob or " A PaiNcaaa or Thole," "Uacleod or Daub," Ac, ChAfteb XXI. tw a den of lions, and thebeafteh. When Maurice Mangan, according to ap> pointment, called at Lionel's rooms on the evening of Lady Adela Cunyngham's dinner nartv, he was surprised to find his friend ceated in front of the fire, wrapped up in a "llufiifwhat's the matter with you?" he exclaimed, looking at him. "Are yon ill? What have you been doing to yonreelf ? " "Ob, nothing," was the answer. " I have been rather worried and out ot sorts lately, that is all. And I can't go to that dinner to niffht Maurice. Will you make my excuses for me, like a good fellow ? Tell Lady Adela I'm awfully sorry " "I'm sure 1 Bhant do anything of the eort," Mangan said, promptly. "Do you think I am going to leave you here all by yourself? You know why I accepted the invitation; mere curiosity; I wanted to see you among those people—I wanted to de scribe to Miss Francie how you looked when 5 were being adored " "My dear chap, you would have seen no thing of the Bort," Lionel said. "To- night tbere is to be a shining galaxy of genius, and each particular star will be eager to absorb all the adoration that is going. Authors, actors, painters, musicians—that kind of people; kid-gloved Bohemia." "Come, Linn; rouse yourself, man," his friend protested. " You'll do no good moping here by the fire. There's still time for you to dress; I came early in caBe yoa might want to walk up to Campden-hill. And you shouldn't disappoint your friends, if this is to be bo great an occasion." " 1 suppose you're right," Lionel said, and be rose wearily, "though I would twenty times rather go to bed. You can find a book for yourself, Maurice; I shan't keep you many minutes—" and with that he disap peared into his dressing-room. A four-wheeler carried them up to Camp den-hill ; a welcome glow of light Bhone forth on the carriage-drive and the dark bushes. Ajs they entered and crossed the wide hall, they were preceded by a young lady whose name was at the same moment announced at the door of thedra wingroom—" Misa Gabrielle Grey." "Ob, really," said Mangan to his com panion, as they were leaving their coats and hats. "1 always thought 'Gabrielle Grey' was the pseudonym of an elderly clergyman's widow, or somebody of tbat kind." " But who is Miss Gabrielle Grey?" "You mean to say yon have never even heard of her? Oh, she writes novels—very popular, too—and very deservedly so, for that kind of thing—excellent in tone, highly moral, and stuffed full of High Church senti ment ; and 1 can tell yon this, Linn, my boy, that for a lady novelist to have plenty of High Church sentiment at her command is about equivalent to holding four of a kind at poker—and that's an illustration you'll under stand, Now come and introduce me to my hostess, and tell me who all the people are." Lady Adela received both Lionel and his friend in the most kindly manner. "What a charming photograph that is of you in evening dress,' she said to Lionel. "Really I've had to lock away my copy of it; girls are such thieves nowadays; they think nothing of picking up whatever pleases them and popping it in their pocket" And there with Lady Adela turned to Mr. Quirk, with whom she had been talking; and the new comers passed on, and found themselves in a corner from whence tbey could survey the room. The first glance revealed to Lionel tbat, if all the talents were there, the "quality" was conspicuously absent. "I know hardly anybody here," he said in au undertone to Mangan. "Ob, 1 know some of them," was the answer, also in undertone. " Rather small lions—1 think she might have done better, with proper guidance. But perhaps this iB only a beginning. Isn't your friend Quirk a picture 1 Wbo is the remarkably handsome girl just beyond?" "That's Lady Adela's sister, Lady Sybil." "The composer? I see; that's wby rbe's talking to that portentous old ass, Schwein kopf, the musical critic. Then there's Miss Gabrielle Grey—poor thing, she's not very pretty—' I was not good enough for man, and so am given to'—publishers. By Jove, there's Ichabod—standing by the door; don't you know him ?—Egerton—but they call him Icha bod at the Garrick. Now what could our hostess expect of Ichabod-? He has nothing left to him but biting bis nails, like the senile Pope or Pagan in the Pilgrim'« Progress." " What does he do?"" " He is a reviewer, et prceterea nihil. Some twenty years ago he wrote two or three novels, but people wouldn't look at them, and so he became morose about the public taste and modern literature. In fact, there has been no English literature—for twenty years; this is his wail and moan whenever an editor allows him to lift up his voice. It wbb feeble ou the part of your friend to ask Icha bod ; she won't get anything out of him. 1 can see a reason tor most of the others— those whom I know ; but Ichabod is hope less," Mangan suddenly ceased these careless comments : his attention was arrested by the entrance of a tall young lady who came in very quietly—without being announced even. " 1 say, who's that ?" he exclaimed, under his breath. And Lionel had been startled too, for be had convinced himself ere he came tbat Honnor Cunyngham was certain to be in Scotland. But there she was, as distingnisbed looking, bb self-possessed as ever; her glance direct &nd; simple andcalm, thoughehe seemed to hesitate for a moment as if seeking for Borne one whom she might know in the crowd, from the fact of her not having been an nounced, Lionel guessed that she wasataying !n !ue kouae ; perhaps, iudeed, she bad been »n T "rawi,1R-room before. He hardly knew wnat to do. He forgot to answer bis friend's ■question. If dinner were to be happily an nounced now, would it not save ber from some embarrassment if he and she conld go in their separate ways without meeting, and ratter he could leavp vithnni. was coming. AU this swift consideration was the work a single second; the next seoond Miss lionnor's eyes had fallen upon the young man; and immediately, and in the most natural way in the world, she came acroBB the room to n;.v. r»i. - room to him. It is true that there was a blight touch of colour visible on the gracious forehead when she offered him her haod» bat there was no other alga of self-con *b« right o! publishing this work has boon PU*' "wwd bjtei Bt&(UVw «l AusVtaUsiw/ Bcionsness;. and abe eaid quite quietly and simply— " It is some time since we have met, Mr. Moore; but of course I notice your name in | the papers frequently." "I hardly expected to see you here to night," he said, in reply. " I thought you | would be off to Scotland for the salmon-fish • - n mg* " I go to-morrow night," she made answer. At the same moment Lord Rockminster I came up, holding a bit of folded paper fur tively in his hand: the faithful brother looked perplexed, for he had to remember j the names of these various strangers: j but here at leaBt were two whom he did | know. "Mr. Moore, will you take Miss Cunyng- ham in to dinner?" he murmured, as he went I by ; so that Lionel found there would have been no escape for him in any case. But now that the first little awkwardness of their j meeting waa over, there was nothing else. Miss Cunyngham spoke to him quite plea-1 santly and naturally—though she did not meet hiB eyes much. Meantime dinner waa announced, and Lord RockminBter led the way with a trim little elderly lady whom Lionel afterwards discovered to be (for she told him as much) the London correspondent | of a famous Parisian journal devoted to fashions and the beau monde. And here he was seated side by side with Honnor Cunyngham, talking to her, listening I to her, and with no sort of perturbation whatever. He began to ask himself whether : he had ever been in love with her—whether j he had not rather been in love with her way j of life and its surroundings. He was think ing not so much of her as her departure on j the morrow, and the scenes that lay beyond. Why had he not £10,000 a year—£5,000—nay, £1,000 a year—and freedom ? Why could he not warm hia soul with the consciousness that the B&lmon-rods; were all packed and waiting in the hall ; that new casting-lines bad been pat in the fly-book ; that only the short drive up to Euston and a single black night lay between him and all the wide wonder of the world that would open out thereafter ? Forth from the darkneBS into a whiter light—a larger dBy—a sweeter air; for now we are among the russet beech-hedges,' the deep green pines, the purple hills touched J here and there with snow ; and the far stretching landscape is shining in the morn ing sen ; and the peewits are wheeling hither I and thither in the blue. Then we are | thundering through rocky chasms, and watching the roaring brown torrent beneath ; or pantinc or struggling away op the lonely altitudes of Drumouchter ; and again merrily racing and chasing down into the spacious valley of the Spey. And what for the end ?— tbe long, Btill strath after leaving Invershin —the penetration into the more secret soli tudes—the peaks of Coulmore and Suilven in the west—and here tbe Aivron making a murmuring music over its golden gravel I There is a smell of peat in the air ; there are children's voices about the keepers' cottages; and here is the handsome old Robert, rejoiced that the year has opened again, and Miss Honnor come back ! " Weil, Robert, you must come in and have a dram, and I will show you the tackle I've brought with me." " 1 am not wishing for a dram, Miss Honnor, bo much as I am glad to see you back again, ay, and looking so well!".... " Mr. Moore," she said (and she startled | bim out of bis reverie), " do you ever give a little dinner party at your rooms ?" " Well, seldom," he said. " You Bee, 11 have only tbe one evening in the week ; and I have generally some engagement or | other." " I should like to send you a salmon, if it would be of any use to you," she went on to say. " Thank yon very much ; I would rather see you hook and land it than have the com pliment of its being sent to me twenty times over. 1 was thinking this very minute of the Aivron, and your getting down to tbe ford tbe day after to- morrow, and old Robert being there to welcome you. I envy him— and you. Are you to be all by yourself at the Lodge ?" ' For the present, yes," Miss Honnor said. " My brother and Captain Waveney come at the beginning of April. Of course it is rather hazardous going just now ; the river might be frozen over for a fortnight at a time; but that seldom happens. And in ordinarily mild weather it is very beautiful up there—tbe most beautiful time of the year, I think ; the birch-woods are all of the clearest lilac, and the brackenB turned to deep crimson; then the bent glass on the higher hills—what they call deer's hair—ia a mass of gold. And I don't in the least mind being alone in the evening—in fact, I enjoy it. It is a splendid time for reading. There iB not a sound. Caroline comes in from time to time to pile on more peats and sweep the hearth; then she goes out again ; and you sit in an easy chair with your back to the lamp; and if you've got an interesting book, what more company do you want ? Then it's very early to bed in Strathaivron ; and I've got a room that looks both wavs—across the strath and down; and sometimes there is moonlight making the windows, blue; or if there isn't, you can lie and look at the soft red light thrown out by the peat, until tbe silence is too much for you, and you are asleep before you have had time to think of it. Now tell me about yourself," she sud denly said. " I hope the constant work and the long and depressing winter have not told on you. It must have been very unpleasant getting home so late at night during the fogs." He would rather she had continued talking about the far Aivron and the Geinig; he did not care to come back to the theatre and Kate Burgoyne. " One gets used to everything, I suppose," he said. " But still it must be gratifying to you to be in so successtal a piece—to be aware of tbe delight yon are giving evening after even ing to so many people," Miss Honnor re minded him. " By the way, how iB the pretty Italian girl—the yonng lady you saia yon had known in Naples?" "She has left the New Theatre," he said, not lilting his eyes. "Oh, really. Then I'm sure that must have been unfortunate for the operetta; for she bad such a beautiful voice—she sang so exquisitely—and besides that there was so much refinement and grace in everything she did. I remember mother was so particularly struck with her; we have often spoken of her since; her manner on the stage was so charming—so gentle and gracefal—it had a curious fascination that was irresistible. And I confess I was delighted with the little touch of foreign accent; perhaps if she had not been so very pretty one would have been less ready to be pleased with everything. And where is she now, Mr. Moore?" " I'm sure I don't know," Lionel said, rather unwillingly; he would rather not have been questioned. " And ia that how friendships in the theatre are kept up?" Mias Honnor said, reproaohfully. " But it is all very well for as Idle folk to talk. I suppose you are all far too busy to give much time to correspon dence." - ' No, we have not much time for letter writing," he Baid, absently. Indeed, it was well for him that he had this companion who could talk to him in her quiet, low tones; for he was oat of spirits, and inclined to be Bilent; and certainly he had no wish to join in the trothy discussion which Octavius Quirk had started at the upper end of the table. Mr. Mellord, the famons Academician, had taken in Lady | Adela to dinner; bnt Bhe had placed Mr. Quirk on her left hand; and from this posi tion of authority he was roaring away like any sucking-dove, and challenging everybody to.dispute his windy platitudes. Lord Rock minster, down at the other end, mute and in satety, srfiB looking on at this motley little assemblage, and probably wondering what his three gifted sisters would do next It Wb-.< hard that he had no Miss Georgie Lestrange to amuse him; perhaps Mibb Georgie had been considered ineligible for admission into this intellectual coterie. Poor man!—and to think he might have been dining in solitary comfort at his club, at a quiet little table, with two candles, and a Sunday paper propped up by the water bottle ! But he betrayed no impatience ; he sate, and looked, and meditated. However, when dinner was over and the ladies had left the room, he had to go and take bin sister's place, so that he found him self in the thick of the babble. Mr. Quirk was no longer goring spider's webs; he was now attacking a solid and substantial sub ject—nothing less than the condition of the British army; and a pretty poor opinion he seemed to have of it. As it chanced, the only person who had seen service was Lord Rockminster (at Knightsbridge), but fye did not chooBe to open his mouth ; bo that Mr. Qnirk bad it all bis way — except when Maurice Mangan thought it worth while to give him a cuff or a kick, just by way of re minding him that he was mortal. lcbabod, in silence, stuck to the port wine. Quincey Hooper, the American journalist, drew in a chair by the side of Lord Rockminster, and humbly fawned. And meanwhile Quirk, head downward, so to speak, charged rank and file, and sent them flying; arose again i and swept the heads off officers ; and was 1 just about to annihilate the volunteers when Mangan interrupted him. "Oh, you expect too much," be said, in his j slow and half-contemptuous fashion. " The i British soldier is not over well-educated, I admit; but yoa needn't try him by an impossible standard. I dare say you aie thinking of ancient days when a Roman general could address hiB troops in Latin and make quite sure of being understood; but yon can't expect Tommy Atkins to be so learned. And onr generals, as yon say, may chiefly distinguish themselves at reviews; but the reviews they seem to me to be too fond ot are those published monthly. As for the volunteers " " Yon will have a joke about them too, I suppose," Quirk retorted. " An excellent I subject for a joke—the safety of the country ! A capital sul>ject for a merry jest; Nero j fiddling with Rome in flames " " I teg your pardon ; Nero never did any thing of the kind," Mangan observed, with a perfectly diabolical inconsequence, " tor violins weren't invented in those days." This was too mnch for Mr. Quirk; he would not resnme argument with such a trifler; nor, indeed, was there any op portunity ; for Lord Rockminster now sug gested they should go into the drawingroom— j and lcbabod had to leave that decanter of port. Now, if Maurice Mangan bad come to thiB house to see how Lionel was feted and caressed by "the great"—in order that he might carry the tale down to Winstead, to please the old folk and Miss Francie—he was doomed to disappointment. There were very j few of "the great" present, to begin with ; and those who were paid no particnlar Atten tion to Lionel Moore. It was Octavius Quirk who appeared to be the hero of the evening, so far as the attention devoted to him by Lady Adela and her immediate little circle was concerned. But Maurice himself was not wholly left neglected. When tea was brought in, his hostess came over to where he was standiug. " Won't you sit down, Mr. Mangan—I want to talk to yon about something of very great importance—importance to me, that is, for you know how vain young aothors are. Yon have heard of my new book ?—yes, I thought Mr. Moore must have told yon. Well, it's all ready, except the title-page. I am not qnite settled abont the title yet; and you literary gentlemen are so quick and clever with suggestions—I am sure you will give me good advice. And I've had a number of different titles printed, to see how they look in type ; what do you think of this one ? At present it seems to be the favourite, it was Mr. Quirk's suggestion—'" She showed him a slip with North and South printed on it in large letters. "I don't like it at all, "Mangan said, frankly. " People will think the book has something to do with the American civil war. How ever, don't take my opinion at all. My con- j nection with literature is almost infini tesimal—I'm merely a newspaper hack, yon know—" " What you say about the title is quite right; and 1 am so much obliged to you, Mr. Mangan," Lady Adela said, with almost pathetic emphasis. " The American war, of coarse; I never thought of that!" "What is Ichabod's choice?—I beg your Sardon, I mean hare you shown the tides to fr. Egerton ?" " I'm afraid he doesn't approve of any of them," said Lady Adela, sadly turning over the slips. " No, I suppose not; good titles went ont with good fiction—when be ceased to write novels a number of years ago. May I look at the others ?" She handed him the slips. " Well, now, there is one that in my poor opinion would be rather effective—Lotus and Lily—a pretty sound—" " Yes—perhaps," said Lady Adela, doubt fatly, " bat then, you see, it has not much connection with the book. The worst of it is that all the novel is printed—all bnt the three title-pages. Otherwise I might have called my heroine Lily—" " But I fear yon could not have called your hero Lotus," said Mangan, gravely. " Not j very well. However, it is no use specu lating on that now, as you say. What is the next one?—Transformation. Of course you know that Hawthorne wrote a book under that title, Lady Adela ?" " Yes," said she, cheerfully. "But there's no copyright in America: so why shouldn't 11 take the title if it suite ?' He hesitated; there seemed to be some ethical point here; but he fell back on base expediency. " It is a mistake for two authors to use the same title—I'm eure it is," said he._ "Look at the confusion. The reviewers might pass over your novel, thiuking it was only a new edition of Hawthorne's book," , " Yes, that's quite true," Baid Lady Adela, thoughtfully. . „ o. . "Well, here is one," be continued. Sicily and South Kensington.- that's odd; that's new; that might take the popular fancy-— > "Jjq you know, that is a favourite of nur own," Lady Adela said, with a alight eagerness, " for it really describes the book. You understand, Mr. Mangan, all the first part I is about the South of Italy; and then I come to London and try to describe everything that is just going on round about us. I have put everything in; so that really—though I shouldn t praise myself—but it isn't praise at all, Mr. Mangan, it is merely telling you what I have aimed at—and really anyone taking up my poor little book some hundred years hence might very fairly assume that it was a correct picture of all that was going on in the reign of Queen Victoria. I do not say that it is well done; not at all; that would be self-praise ; but I do think it may have some little historical value. Modern life is so busy, so hurried, and so complex that it is difficult to form any impression of it as a whole; I take up book after book, written by living authors with whom I shouldn't dream of comparing myself; and yet I see how small a circle their characters work in. You would think the world consisted of only eight or ten people, and that there was hardly room for them to move. They never get away from each other; they don't mix in the crowd; there is no crowd. But here in my poor way I am trying to show what a pano rama London is—always changing—occupa tions, desires, struggles following one another in breathless rapidity—in Bbnrt, I want to show modern life as it is, not as it is dreamed of by clever authors who live in a study. Now that is my excuse, Mr. Mangan, for being Buch a dreadful bore; and I am so much obliged to you for yonr kind advice about the title ; it is so easy for clever people to be kind—just a word and it's done. Thank you," said she, as he took her cup from her and placed it on the table; and then, before she left him, she ventured to say with a charming modesty, "I'm sure you will for give me, Mr. Mangan, bat if I were to send you a copy of the book, might I hope that you would find ten minutes to glance over it?" j " I am certain I shall read it with very great interest," said he; and that was strictly true ; for this Lady Adela Cunyngham com pletely puzzled him; she seemed so extraordi nary a combination of a clever woman of the world and an awful fool. And Lionel? Well, he had got introduced to Miss Gabrielle Grey, whom he found to be a very quiet, shy, penBive sort of creature, not posing as a distinguished person at all. He dared not talk to her of her books, for he did not even know the names ot them; bnt he let her understand that he knew she was an authoress, and it seemed to please her to know that her fame had penetrated into the mysterious regions behind the footlights. She began to question bim, in a timid sort of way, about his experiences—whether stage fright was difficult to get over—whether he thought that the immediate and enthusiastic approbation of the public was a beneficial stimulant—whether the continuous excite ment of the emotional nature tended to render it callous, or, on the other hand, more sensitive and sympathetic—and so forth: was she dimly looking forward to the con quest of a new domain, where the young ladies ot the rectory and the vicarage might be induced fearfully to follow her? But Lionel did not lineer lone in that drawing room. He got Maurice Mangan away as soon as he could; they slipped out unobserved— especially as there were plenty of newcomers now arriving. When they had passed down through the back garden to the gate the one lit a cigarette and the other a pipe, and to gether they wended their way towards Ken Bington-road and Piccadilly. "Why,"said Mangan, "I shall have quite a favourable report to carry down to Win stead. I did not see you treated with any of that unwholesome adulation I have beard so much of!" " I am almost a stranger in the house now," Lionel said, briefly. "Why?" "Oh, various circumstances of late." "They did not even ask you to sing," his friend said, in-accents of some surprise. "They dared not Didn't you see that most of the people were strangers? How could Lady Adela be sure she was not wound ing somebody's susceptibilities by having operatic music on a Sunday evening? She knew nothing at all about half these people —they were merely names to her, that she bad collected round her in order that she might count herself in among the arts." " That ill-conditioned brnte Quirk seemed to me to be dominating the whole thing," said Mangan, rather testily. " It's an awful price to pay for a few puffs. I wonder a woman like that can bear him to come near her ; bnt she pets the baboon as if he were a King Charles spaniel. Linnie, my boy, you're no longer first favourite. I can see that; self-interest has proved too strong; the flattering little review, the complimentary little notice, has ousted you. It isn't you who ate privileged to meet my Lady Morgan in the street— " And then to gammon her, in the ' Examiner,' With a paragraph abort and sweet." Weil, now, teil me about that very striking looking girl—or woman, rather—whom you took in to dinner. I asked you who she was when she came into the room." "That was Miss Honnor Cunyngham." " Not the salmon-fishing young lady I have heard you speak of?" "Yes." " Why, she didn't look like that," said Mangan, thoughtfully. "Not the leash She has got a splendid forehead—powerful and clear ; and - almost too much character about the square brows and the calm eyes. I should have taken her to be a strongly in tellectual woman—of the finer and more reticent type. Well, well—a salmon-fisher !" " Why shouldn't she be both?" "Why, indeed?" said Maurice, absently; and therewith he relapsed (as was frequently his wont) into silence; and in silence the two friends pursued their way eastwards to Lionel's rooms. But when they had arrived at their destina tion, when soda-water had been produced and opened, and when Mangan was lying back in an easy chair, regarding his friend, he resumed the conversation. VI should have thought going to see those people to-night would have brightened you up a little," he began, "but you seem thoroughly out of sorts, Linn. What is the tpatter? Over-work or worry? I should not think over-work; I've never seen your theatre "business prove too much for you. Worry ? What about, then ?" " There may be different things," Lionel said, evasively, as he brought over the spirit case. " I haven't been sleeping well of late —lying awake even if I don't go to bed till three or four; and I get a singing in my ears sometimes that is bothersome. Ob, never mind me ; I'm all right." '' But I'm going to mind you; for you are not all right Is it money ?" " No, no." " What, then? There is something ecnously worrying jyou. VIJ. vu ere are several things," Lionel ex claimed, forced at laBt into confession. " I can't think what has become of Nina Ross, that's one thing; if I only knew Bhe was safe and well, I don't think I ehould mind the other things. No, not a bit But there was something about bet. going away that 1 can't explain to yon—only I—I was responsible in a sort of way; and Nina and 1 were always snch good friends and companions—well, it's no nse talking about that Then there's another little detail," he added, with an air of indifference; " I'm engaged to be married." Mangan stared at him. " Engaged to be married ?" he repeated, as if he had not heard aright " To whom T" " Miss Burgoyne." " Miss Burgoyne—of the New Theatre!" " The same." "Are you out of your senses, Linnl" Maurice cried, angrily. " No, I don't think so," he said, and he went to the mantelpiece for a cigarette. " How did it come about ?" demanded Maurice again. " Oh, I don't know. It isn't of much con sequence, is it?" Lionel answered carelessly. Then Maurice instantly reflected that, i' this thing were really done, it was not foi him to protest. "Of course, I say nothing against the young lady—certainly not. I thought she was very pleasant the night I was introduced to her, and nice looking, too. But I had no idea your were taken in that quarter, Linn ; none—hence the surprise. I used to think you were in the happy position which Landor declared impossible. What were the lines— I haven't seen them for twenty years—but they were something like this— ' Fair maiden, when 1 look on thee, I wish that I were young and tree; Cut both at once, ah, who could be I' I thought you were * both at once '—and very well content. But supposing you have given up your freedom, why should that vex and trouble you ? The engagement time is said to be the happiest period of a man's life; what is wrong in your case ?" Lionel took a turn or two up and down the room. " Well, I will tell you the truth, Maurice," he blurted out at last. "I got engaged to her in a fit of restlessness, or caprice, or some such ridiculous nonsense; and 1 don't regret it; I mean, I am willing to stand by it; but that is not enough for her—and 1 can look forward to nothing but a perpetual series of differences and quarrels. She ex pects me to play Harry Thornbill off the Btage, I suppose." Mangan looked at him for some time. " Even between friends," he said elowly; "there are some things it is difficult to talk about with safety. Of course you know what an outsider would say; that you had got into a devil of a mess—that you had blundered into an engagement with a woman whom you find you don't want to marry." " Well, is there anything uncommon in that?" Lionel demanded. "Is that an un usual experience in human life ? But I don't admit as much, in my case. I am quite willing to marry her, so long aBshe keeps her temper, and doesn't expect me to play the fool. I daresay we shall get on well enough, like other people, after the fateful deed is done. In the meantime," he added, with a forced laugh, " in the meantime, I find my self now and again wishing I was a sailor brave and bold, careering round the Cape of Good Hope in a gale of wind, and with no loftier aspiration in my mind than a pint of rum and a well-filled pipe !" ' Faith, I think that's just where you ought to be," said Mangan drily, " instead of in this town of London, at the present moment. I declare you've quite bewildered me. It you had told me you were engaged to that tall salmon- fishing girl—you UBed to talk about her a good deal, you know—or to that fascinating young Italian creature—and I've seen before how easily the gentle friend and companion can be transformed into a sweet heart—I should have been ready with all kinds of pretty speeches and good wishes. But Miss Burgoyne of the New Theatre ? Linn, my boy, I've discovered what's the matter with you ; and I can prescribe an absolutely certain cure." " What is it?" " The cure ? You have partly suggested it yourself. You must go at once and take your passage in a sailing ship for Australia. You can stay there for a time and examine the colony ; of course you'll write a book about it, like everybody else. Then you make your way to San Francisco ; and accept a three months' engagement there. You come on to New York; and accept a three months' engagement there. And when you return to England, you will find that all your troubles have vanished, and that you are once again the Linn Moore we all of us used to know." A wild fancy flashed through Lionel's brain ; what if in these far wanderings he were suddenly to encounter Nina ? In vain —in vain ; Nina bad become for him but a shadow, a ghost, with no voice to call to him tram any sphere. " You would have me run away ?—I don'i see how I can do that," he said quietly ; and then he abruptly changed the subject. " What did yon think of Lady Adela ?" " Well, to tell yon the truth, I've been wondering whether she was at the same time a smart and clever woman and an abject fool, or whether she was simply smart and clever and thought me an abject fool. It must be either one or the other. She played the literary inginue very well—a little too openly perhaps. I'm curious about her book " "On! don't judge of her by her book!" Lionel exclaimed. "That isn't fair. Her book you may very likely consider foolish; but she isn't foolish—not at all. I suppose her bead is a little bit turned by the things that Quirk and those fellows have been writ ing about her: but that's only natural. And if she showed her hand a little too freely in trying to interest you in her novel, you muBt remember how eager ehe is to succeed. You'll do what you can for her book—won'l you, Maurice?" Maurice Mangan, on bis way home thaf night, had other things to think of than Lady Adela's poor little book. He saw clearly enough the embroilment into which Lionel had landed himself; but he coald not see so clearly how he was to get out of it. One question he forgot to ask—what had induced that mood of petulance or reckless ness, or both combined, in which Lionel bad wilfully and madly pledged all his future life? However, the thing waH done; here was his friend going forward to a mariagt de coitvenance (where there was very little con• vt nancc, to be sure) with a sort of carelesB in difference, if not of bravado; while his bride, on the other band, might surely be pardoned if she resented, and indignantly resented, bit attitude towards her. What kind of proa pect was this for two young people ? Maurice thought that on the very first opportunity he would go away down to Winstead and talk the matter over with Francie; who than she more capable of advising in aught concerning Lionel's welfare? Notwithstanding his intercession with Maurice on behalf of Lady Adela's forthcom ing novel, Lionel did not seem disposed to resume the friendly relations with the people np at Campden Hill which had formerly ex isted. He did not even call after the dinner party. If Mr. Octavius Quirk were for a moment installed as chief favourite at Aivron Lodge, he had no wiBh to interfere with him: there were pleats of other houses open, il. one chose to go. But the fact is, Lionel nor epent many afternoons and nearly every evening at the Garden Club; whist before dinner, poker after supper, being the estab lished rule Moreover, a new element bad been introduced, as far as he was concerned. Mr. Percival Miles had been elected a mem ber of the club ; and had forthwith presented himself in the card-room, where he at once distinguished himself by hiB bold and in trepid play. The curious thing was that, while openly professing a kind of cold ac quaintanceship, it was invariably against Lionel Moore that he made his most deter mined stand; with the other players he might play an ordinarily discreet and cautious game; but when Moore could be challenged, this pale-faced young man never failed promptly to seize the opportunity. And the worst of it was that he had ex traordinary luck, both in the run of the cards and in his manoeuvres. " What is that young whipper-snapper up to?" Lionel said to himself, after a par ticularly bad night (and morning) as be sate staring into the dead ashes of his fireplace. " He wanted to take my life—until my good j angel interfered and saved me. Sow does he want to break me financially? By Jove, they're coming near to doing it amongst them. 1 shall have to go to Moss to-morrow for another £'250. Well, what does it matter ? The luck must turn some time. If it doesu't ? —if it doesn't ?—then there may come the trip before the mast, as the final panacea, according to Maurice. Australia? there would be freedom there, and perhaps for getfulness." As be was passing into his bedroom he chanced to observe a package that was lying on a chair, and for a second he glanced at the handwriting of the address. It was Miss Burgoyne's. What could she want with him now? He cut the string, and opened the parcel; behold, here was the brown and scarlet woollen vest that she had knitted for him with her own fair hands. Why these impatiently down-drawn brow6? A true lover would have passionately kissed this tender token of affection, and bethought him of all the hours, and half - hours, and quarters-of-an-hour, during which she had been employed in her pretty task, no doubt: thinking of him all the time. Alas ! the j love-gift was almost angrily thrown on to the chair again — and he went into his own j room. 