BLACK SPIRITS AND WHITE. IBy R, M. Johnston, n Harper's Young Pcopl' I 11/ Uncle Peter had spent the day at air. Pritcbett'B mending plough stocks, righting the henhouse, the gates, and other things in the condition of dilapidation. His work had been quite satisfactory, and in addition to the pa j inent of the wage he had been treated by Mr. Pritchett to a supper of spare ribB, souse, fattv bread, and coffee, so that it was consider ably past eight before he left for home. In that end of the village and for quite a distance up its one long street there was not a resident who (unless his hearing was impaired) could not have certified when he was a mile away to the advent of Peter Burch upon a Saturday night. He had been heard to &ay; oftei that on such nights ghosts were niOBi prone to come out of their secret places and roam abroad. One of his theories was that they were hostile to loud noises, especially those of a profane kind, but that they seldom made themselves visible to persons, even in most solemn aud unfrequented places, who opened their mouths— the wider the better— in religious songs. The way from Mr. Pritchett's led, just be fore reaching the village, aloDg the lower Bile of the graveyard, whose border therealong lay in a level where several huge low- limbed red oaks made the scene sombre even ia daylight, In the deep of a black night travellers on wheels or horseback had to be guided by the instincts of their beasts, and when afoot by the feel of the road beneath their feet and the faint light that came down through the open ing between the treetops. On this night a hazy half-moon hung above and a miet was abroad euch as Scottish poets tell of when ghoEtB used to move forth upon the solemn silence. Peter Burcb, contented in body and in mind, after opening the Pritchett front gate, shut it with a slam that made a lone whippoorwill on the fence hard by suddenly cease its moan and fly away as if for life. Pausing a moment and looking up to the heavens, he said, ' High !' What he meant by this interjection I know no more than you do, but with the first home ward step be lifted high his voice to the tune to both rural religiouB denominations. ' Look like old Unk Peter Burch's woices is in erood cbune to-night. I been s settin' out here in the peazer a-listenin' to him evy sence he left Jimmy Pritchett's, and that's a good mile off.' This was said by Mr. Humphrey, who dwelt on the corner opposite and below the BurcheB', ' He want,' suggested Mrs. Humphrey from within, 'to let old Aunt Sally know he's a-coming, bo Ehe may have his supper ready time he git home.' 'Not only that,' replied the husband, 'but he's a singin' to keep off sperrits. I hum him say that singin' o' hymes is good a way as he ever tried agin them.' 'Well, if woices will keep off sperrits, Uncle Peter, a body would supposen, have a plenty o' them, I ben ahearin' of him too, a-givm' out and a singin' here in the house, a-i'onin' of clothes though I be, and I consate it sound right sweet;' 'The custom in all country churches in those times was, because of tbe scarcity of books, to 'line,' or read out the hymns two lines at a time before singing.them, Negroes, therefore, in spiritual eingings would have regarded it as almost a desecration to sing otherwise, and so whether they remember the words or not they asBurted to prelude and interlude, if need waa, with high-toned and moBt plaintiff mumblings. On this occasion the adjacent woods and hills beard and reechoed first the announcement of the hymn beginning, according to Uncle Peter— Ihnoxv p!t— eye Laws ! thco Laws forgives ! Nar let ee penchant sin— nare lives ! And then with BnortingB tumultuous, alter nately beBeeching and threatening, he poured foith io song. Tbe brief intervals in the nmria were refreshed with roaring grunts, aa if to ex preee satisfaction of the singer both with the hymn and Mb own consummate rendering. Tit a whole way was enlivened and solemnised by such recitative and song. Just as he had reached the verge of the Sat at the bottom of tbe graveyard he halted for a moment, aud with becoming graduation mumbled low before raising the beginning words of the next hymn. Then clearing hia throat he lifted high hia open mouth, and as if feeling that he was about to enter the village in triumph, roared — Hm' I gees a wuil uv spiy— wich brights '&' who tase de pledg— yars dare 1 And juet as the Ecng was about to follow sud denly, from behind a great oak on a side of the path, stepped forth something tall, clad all in white, and in sepulchral bat intensely authoritative tone commanded the singer to come to & halt, ' High !' said the latter. ' White Spayit ! ' He stooped, and was proceeding to make hia cabalistic symbol upon the ground when, from behind another oak, nearer and on the opposite side, stepped forth a figure less tall than the first and clothed all in black. It alao, in tones if possible mere sepulchral and more authorita tive, cried ' Halt !' S'High! Black Spayit !'' said Uncle Peter, quickly adding, 'you see dis ole nigger doin1 aeslak you Bays, bofe un you, Marse Spiyits er Mistress Spayits, whichaonever you iB.' For indeed, while White Spirit with his tall figure, although thus shrouded, would Bee an to belong exclusively to the male sex, on the other band the briefer stature, besides the frock a&d; the bonnet, in appearance much like those worn by mortal women, led Uncle Peter to suspect that Black Spirit waa a female. A moment after Uncle Peter's response was given tc the double order, Black Spirit, turn ing from him entirely, began to move with remarkable slowness, Eilence, and solemnity toward White Spirit ; bat White Spirit, not disposed, as it seemed, to enjoy the society thus Extended to it, after making an ejacula tion of a kind not intelligible to Uncle Peter, turned itself with some abruptness and began upon a prompt and rather brisk retreat from the place. 'Didn't I tell you to halt!' demanded Black Spirit, in tones harsher and more terrific than had ever been heard before in that bottom, night or day. Then, flapping its garments fiercely in the night air, it dashed off ia pursuit shrieking, ' Halt ! halt ! I tell you !' ' High !' Baid Uncle Peter. ' Blask Spiyit takin* atter White Spayit! Go it, White Spajit - Black Bpayit gainin* on you. Et you don' make tracks peerter, she gwine fetch up 'long wid you.' Then in lower tone he added, before starting on a run himself, ' Sher ! sich projeckin' gwine Bkeer Sisally mighty nigh outen de senses un her.' It is doubtful if a being of the breed ol the one all clad in white ever exhibited greater regret for having essayed to 'revisit thus the glimpses of the moon.' Not looking- back, but made aware by the negro's warning words how closely it was pursued, White Spirit did its very best in multiplying* the tracks that had been recommended bo earnestly. The great shroud opened wide before the breeze that its wearer's flight bad raised, and legs, looking in the pale moonlight for all the world like human legB, reached for conquest of the space lying between them and the churchyard well. In deed, in the agony of its haste, White Spirit at length tore from its neck the strings of tbe garment which to a degree hindered its flight, and bb it was wafted back Black Spirit, now at tbe corner of the graveyard, uttered a laugh so hideous that the fugitive, not relaxing its gait, shouted. ' Oh dear, fellows 1 where are you all ?' 'Here, Tom,' answered all — 'here at the welL' Then, at the sound of so many human voices, Black Spirit ceased pursuit and rapidly glided away. 'Where's old Uncle Peter 2' laughingly atked Frank Tolly. ' Don't asked me about old Pete,' answered Tom, between pantinge. ' Jes as I came out from behind tbe tree the worst-looking thing that ever walked this troublesome world came out from another, and make straight for me 1 and if I hadn't got out of its way I'd have baen a dead man by now. You all got any feelin'a to be laughin' that way ?'* At that moment Sally Burch came to the door of her cabin and cried — '.' In de {name o' goodneeB, who dem makin' all dat rasket out dar right by de meet'n'- house? You Br'er Pc-IHB!' The call filled all space for a vast distance, 'Here me, Sisally; bress yo1 heart! don't jou be ekeert! Des some o' dem boys pro jeckin'.' When he reached the group he said,. ' Marse Tommy, here your ma's sheet you lef bo keer Iceb down dar on de aige o' de gcabeyard.' ' Did you ever see such an awfal thing, TJak Pete?' ' Hit did look right toler'ble survigoua, my young master, en ef it hadn't a tuck atter you, dee— dee ain1 no tellin'.' ' I beg your pardon, Unk Pete, for tryin' to skeer you.' ' Oh, dat'a all right, Maree Tommy. You see people better study in day mind 'bout runnin' on projeckin' 'bout de grabeyard at sich a time, en git deeself run onter by spayits shoo 'nough,' ' Boye,' &aid; Frank Tolly solemnly, ' I am goin' to get away from this place.' Then he broke into a run, followed Iby all bis pals except Tom Pullen, who soon took the lead. ' Dat what dee got by sichkrar'a' on out dar by de meet n house en de grabeyard, en hit so nigb onter Sunday, en hit meet'n' Sunday et dat,' said Aunt Sally. ' I nuver, not sence I been borned, I nuver heerd a boy holler so ekeerts es dat Tommy Pullen, a'most a man grown ez he are. Did you see dat spayit, Br'er Peter 1* ' Yes, I see him, Sisally ; but I know nay one un 'em warn' no . spayit from de way dee hollered en kyar'd on. Bn den, peraide3. 1 see Hits Beazerly have on dat same bonnet dat las' un had on dis very mornin' in hergy.« d'n; en I heerd dat little Jimmy holler too often not know 'twarn't nobody but him, en he ben put up to Bkeer dat f er boy when he tryin1 to Bkeer me. I seen inter dat soon I got to de well, en I notice all un 'em 'ceptin' dat Pall'n boy 'tendin' to be bo qualm, en quool, en solemn too/' ' Good for him ! but ef you hadn't answered I were gwine faint right dar in de do'. Bress my soul fer de badness ken git in long o' dem white boys ! I don' speck to git nay 'drap o' Bleep dia night. En dat same Pall'n boy he owe me, en been owin' I don' know how long, fur three ginpy cakes an' five mug q' beer. Good fer him ! Gwine atter ekeerin' old old people ain' bladder'n long o' him, en— en git skeert hissef, en mighty nigh to def. I'm —I'm glad an it, dat I is P The recently effected inclusion of Qaeens land in the contract for the conveyance ofg mails between the Australasian colonies and Europe does not necessarily reduce the amounts paid as subsidy to the steamship companies by the postal authorities of the variouB colonies who are already contracting parties. The total subsidy paid to the companies [eaj b the Melbourne Argus) is £75.000, and at the meeting in Sydney of Postmasters-General a year ago it was arranged that this contribution should be distributed over the colonies upon a fixed basis of population. Under this ar rangement Victoria contributes £26,255 ; New South Wales, £26,227; South Australia, £8,178 ; Tasmania, £3,591 ; Western Australia, £1,049 ; and Queensland should have contri buted £8,988. Queensland, however, declined to coincide with this arrangement, preferring to contribute in accordance with the amount of mail matter carried from that colony, at the rates of 25s. per lb. for letters, la. per 1b. for packages, and 6d. per lb. for newspapers. It was provided that any of the non- contracting colonies might become a party to the contrast at any time on intimating its desire to do bo, The Queensland authorities, finding that under the eyeteni referred to its contribution to the contracting colonies amounts to £1.0,950, has naturally decided to be brought within the terms of the contract. By this means it saves the difference between £8,9SS and £10.950, which will be made up amongst the remaining colonies. The Chief Secretary) of Victoria, speaking at a complimentary banquet to Mr, W, M, Clark, M.L.A., at Footscray recently, alluded to the request preferred by the Government of Western Australia to the respective Govern ments of the other Australian colonies, in viting their assistance in its effort to procure Eelf-government. Mr. Deakin (according to the Melbourne Argus) said that Victoria would, as fat aB was tin her power and that of her Agent-General, welcome und assist the younger Bister to her proper . place among the Australian colonies. Her vast territory must be settled by the picked pluck and enterprise, and not by tthe paupers and failures of the cities of the old world, One of the moBt prominent members of the late British Government (Sir C. Dilke), though now in an exile which he trusted would be only temporary, had directed the eyes of Eng land to these communities across the sea, and the Australian colonies were 'now held up before the electors of the mother country as affording models and offering suggestions in the working of constitutional machinery which the mother country would do well to adopt. He deprecated the idea that the Aub tralian native party was deficient in reverence to their fathers, who had given them a go vernment as free as the Anglo-Saxon race had yet been able to frame, and declared that they would alwayB be grateful for the services which their fathers had rendered them and the privi leges which they had conferred. 