![COXTI>"UED FKOSI WEDNESDAY'S SUPPLE MENT.] LOVE S LABOUR WON. AN EVENTFUL STORY. BY JA^LES GRAXT. AUTHOR OF " TUE ROMASCEOF WAE," " TOE BLACK WATCH," " FAIRER THAN A. FAIRY," ETC., ETC. CHAPTER XLTX. (Continued) 1 All ?-I am here alone, sir,' said Dick, staggering up with difficulty, and half blinded by the glare of the lantern held be fore his eyes. * There ain't no more than this boy, Mr. Mopps,' said the yokel, after peering about and prodding tho straw with his pitch fork. ' Where do you coma from-who are you friends, you young irarmint ?' ' Oh, sir,' said Dick, now almost incap able of standing, 1 do be kind, please : I have neither father nor mother Tior home.' This broke down the indignation of the farmer, who of laic had suffered much from the depredations of ' tramps,' as he called them, who had robbed his hen roosts, and fired his hayricks more than once by tho reckless use of lighted matches ; but he was a ki:idhoarted man and saw that the bov. i£ pale, sorely fagged and ' seedy' in aspect, was a handsome one, with crisp and golden hair, and honest, fearless blue eyes. v Come down from this place and let us have a look at you,' said he, loth to become too pitiful suddenly ; and Dick followed him from the loft, down the ladder, into the keen air of the winter evening, wher* he fell in a heap, half-lifeless on the ground. ' Wife ! wife ! look here cried farmer Mopps, in great dismay, as he carried Dick into the kitchen and set him in a chair near the lire. ' Oil. mammy,' cried a little girl, peeping fearfully at him, 4 this is the boy-the boy who pulled me out of the water !' ' And who ran away befor J I could thank him,'exclaimed the farmer's wife, 'So he is, John-the same boy-poor child, he looks like death.' . Dang it,' cried the farmer, ' is this tho case 1 Was it you that saved my little lass froui the Du-ok-pond T Cut Dick was past responding ; he could only gasp an assent, while tho smaller chil dren gathered rouud him in fear and won der ; but the unwonted warmth brought back circulation, life and energy to Dick quickly now, amid the many comforts of the spacious fa::m kitchen. Long before the present time, the farm house had been a manor, and hence was huge, rambling, straggling, and very quaint, but very comfortable. There were spacious old wauiscotted parlours, where mSny a glass r,f old port had been drunk to ' the king over the water, and the confusion of a1.! Hanover rats,' and where the squires of the past had hung their swords, their whips and limiting gear : but were now used aa storage room for bacon and apples, potatoes and lumber. The family of Farmer Mopps, it would appear, were just about to sup, when Bingo's barking an alarm and drawn attention to the supposed tramp in the straw-loft. A tire blazed up the spacious chimney, "which was lined by old blue Delft tiles ; the red-brick floor was closely swept and slichtly sanded, yet not a footstep had marred its perfect cleanness and neatness ; a snow-white cloth covered the heavy oaken table, and thereon were tea and hot cakes for the children, cold beef, pie, and a tank ard of brown October for the farmer. So ere long Dick found himself in clover, thoroughly reno%"ated, and in the eyes of the old couple the little hero of the house, as the saver of their eldest daughter from the depths of the duck-pond. On being questioned about himself, he became unusually reserved for his years, and passing over his military aspirations and the episode connected there with, he only stated that he had run away from home in consequence of illtreatment ; and re ceive the unpalatible advice that it was his duty to return to that home at once, where ever it was. Buriy Farmer Mopps w.is full of fun and J.ility, and sung merrily to his youngest child, who crowed upon his knee. Among other ditties was one whieh was painted on nis huge ale tankard, a vessel more than a hundred years old ; and he carolled it out with great gusto : Jjf.t, the wealthy and great It'ill in splendour and state, I envy iheu: not, I declare it ; I own my own lau\b. My c'.iicks-ns and ham, " ' I shear ;:.y own and I wear it. I have lawns, I have bowers, X have fruits and sivec-t flowers, And the lark is my morningalarmer ; So sing. jolly boys, now, " Here'? God ble.-s the p'ough, n V, i;h long life and good luckto the farmer. Meanwhile, Dick's four-footed coropauion crouched by the genial fire-he had not seen one for some tim i pait-and the chil dren assiduously stuffed him with cake and Ecraps of meat. ' A good dog ! said the farmer, approv ingly. ' I had just such a terrier once-a Scotch one he was-and he went up a dram after a rat, till he got wedged in somehow, and had to be dug nut by a shovel. Four men were two hours at it ; and he waa never a hair the worse.' Betimes the household of Farmer Mopps, whoso sister-in-law was housekeeper at Itavensbourne Hall, were all av;ed. A com fortable sleeping-place was assigned to Dick, whom the fanner, after a conference with his wife and with her earnest concurrence, resolved to take to his frijnds on the morrow, whether he desired it or not ; bu*. othei'3. whose influence was unthought of then, were fated to come into the affairs <'f the young wanderer, for the early break fast had scarcely been partaken of next day, vrheu, to the consternation of all, there appeared in the farm kitchen the smock froched yokel, accompanied by corporal Gutters, of the R.W.F.L.W.O. Regiment, and a rural constable. The two former had met at a roadside tavern ; and the corporal, on hearing the boor detailing, with much exaggeration and horse-laughter, the episode of tho discovery in the loft, and that there was a boy and a dog in the case, never doubted who tho wanderer was, and inspired by tho hope of a reward, had followed tho trail at once. ' Mv eye !' he exclaimed on seeing Dick ; . you do look like a ghost down on its luck.' ; ' Is ow, what may you want,- my man? asked Farmer Mopps. pausing with tank ard in hand. ' Only that 'ere young cove,' replied the corporal, eveinjj with malice and triumph the shrinking Dick. ' Why-and for what ?' ' Punishment ! Ho has bolted-mizzled deserted the Queen's service, that is all !' ' A deserter-this child !' exclaimed the farmer's buxom wife, stJirtiuix up ' Precisely. Child-he's one of the devil's o»-n kind, that's wot he is ; and he jnunt come along with ns-double quick too !' he added, with a glance of appeal to the tall stuiid-visoged constable. All the children now shriekcQ and yelled, believing that- Dick, and his dog too, were to bo done to death, as deserters. ' Luokee here,' said the bluff farmer. ' I want none of your larks, my young fellow. This is all stuff ; or if a little money ' ' Money won't do nothing !' said the stripling corporal, adopting a bullying tone ; ' he must go into the custody of this 'ere constablo till we gets a suitable h'escort to 'eadquarters.' ' And what may the penalty be for a boy like this giving you the slip V ' Hanging, maybe : and too good for him,' ] said tlie corporal with a grin, tvhile the j cries of the children were heard again, to I his great delight. 1 I wain none of your chafl, you young cad !' said the farmer, assuming his hat and ample great-coat. ' Where is the boy to go V he asked, turning to the constable. ' Back to Woodstock, sir. It must be, as the corporal says it.' Dick's heart- sank. He thought of Mr. Plantagenet Pug-ash, and Pugwash only. ' John,' cried the farmer's wife, ' have the horse put to the dog-cart, go back with the boy to the town, and see. in. end of ;his folly-for folly it must bo,' she added, with a hostile glance at Gutters So in ten minutes more Dick found him self, like one in a dream, but comfortably tucked up in a warm rug, being bowled back through the keen fjosty air to Wood stock, with Bingo between his knees and tlje corporal and constable seated behind him-a proximity to the civil power by no means to the taste of the Whitechapel war rior. Farmer Mopps drove rapidly, and Dick soon saw the tower of the old Chantry Church, and heard its pretty peal of bells caw again the streets, the town hall with its piassa, and the place from which he had effected his escape, as it seemed now, in vain. Now Dick had heard of terrible things being done to deserters-and he was one! He might be shot perhaps-blown from a gun. What had he not road of in the tales of war and terror published for the behoof of boys 1 He had seen an engraving-who has not seen it 1-of a deserter who declined to have his eyes blind-folded, .on one knee before a dreadful platoon of musketry, frith his dog roaring against him, to bo shot also -just as Bingo would do in that supreme moment: and Dick almpst wept as he thought of liis own demise in this fashion, before a squad of the R.W'.F.Ij.W.O. com manded by the inexorable Corporal Gutters. But few things in this world happen exactly in the way we expect them to do. The farmer asked to see a justice of the peace. He was told that one was sitting in court now-Pugwash, as Dick's ' prophetic soul: feared-and he was lugged, rather thau conducted, by the corporal into the justice room again, and lifting up his eyes to the dreaded Bench, he saw, not the grotesque and pljbian-looking soapboiler in the central chair thereof, but the gentle manly presence, suave and pleasant face of Sir Brisco Braybrooke, with his bushy eye brows and snow-white moustache. ' Dick!' he 'exclaimed ' Dick Talbot what the deuce is this? Where is the charge-sheet-what is the matter 1 Where have you been hiding yourself all this time, you young rogue V For days and nights Dick had never had his clothes off, and their sodden aspect gave him a rather deplorable look just then. His story was soon t-old. ' Leave the matter to me,' said the baronet. ' Corporal, you may go ; but send here Sergeant Hawksley. I shall arrange all this.' And so it was duly arranged by the in fluence, advice and money of Sir Brisco ; and instead of being handed over, as he feared, to the tender mercies of Corporal Albert Edward Gutters, Dick found himself being driven homeward that evening in the well-hung carriage of the friendly baronet, who laughed heartily at all his adventures and the present end of his visions of military glory. Great was the joy of Melanie at the sud den restoration of the wanderer, her ' lost boy,' as she called him ; but this new debt of gratitude to Sir Brisco Braybrooke was a source of perplexity to her, lessened, how ever, just then, by the-fortunate absence of her uncle, who would have made if a reason for indulging in his usual taunts, advice, and the urgence of his matrimonial views and wishes. ' You shall be a soldier yet, Diclr, if you choose ; I will send you to Sandhurst as a cadet,' were the parting words of Sir Brisco. CHAPTER L Map.riage BELLS. The preparations for Amy Brendon's mar riage had meanwhile gone on apace. All was getting fast ready now ; and her Hussar, Horace Musgrave, looking Handsome and more like a Hussar than ever, even after his woeful 1 smash up' in the hurdle race, had come to Stokencross, accompanied by his groomsman, one of the Prince's Own-with a bracelet for the bride ; one of the most beautiful Bond- street could furnish-and taten up his quarters with his kinsman at Ravensboume Hall. There, too, had come the bright Hilda Tremayne, with her-it is difficult to say-choice (she had smiled on so many), whose initials had caused such dismay to Amy in the past time. So the wedding-day came at last; a bright and clear day, early in December. The whole village of Stokencross was astir be times ; and coloured mottoes, garlands of false flowers and bright streamers gave a picturesque appearance to tho little street overlooked by the aucient church on its green knoll. Amy had but two attendants, Melanie and Miss Aurora Pugwash, judiciously in vited to be a bridesmaid by Mr. Brendnn, as the daughter of a very wealthy parish ioner, whose wedding gift far, far eclipsed the poor offering of Melanie/ But the next marriage at which the latter ofliciated, she hoped would be her own. Her oivn ! How little could she then foresee, when whore and how she was to figure as a bride. The floral wealth of Sir Brisco's conserva tories had been lavished on tho decoration of tho old village church, as his pineries and vineric3 had made the elegance and luxury of the bridal breakfast. Dick Talbbt-marriages were of small im portance to him, save in so far as a huge piece of cake was concerned--had gone for a r&mbl-i; in the woods; and his brother Regi nald was alone-a'one with a 1 his o»n sad thoughts after a sleepless and weary night, for beine incapable of all exercise, repose came to him litfully and in snatches; and on this morning,in or.e of these, he had dream't of Amy Brendon. He heard her voice talking to him kindly and pitifully, though he knew not the words she used. He touched her thick dark hair with his thin, wasted fingers, and played with the piquanto fringe that curled nearly to her bright and laughing eyes: aud ere her face began to fade away, he felt- yes, actually seemed to feel-the touch of her lips, in a farewell kiss, softly and glowingly upo.i liis own ; and he awoke with a start and a half-stifled cry, to find it was her wedding morning. And now, with the memory of that vivid and tantalising dream keenly in his mind,ho sat near the open window, heedless of the frosty air reclining on his couch in his usual helplessness, and listening for the passing sounds that came from the distant village. He reviewed his past life since he had known her, especially since he had come home, a helpless cripple from tho coast of Egypt, doomed to beggary by the very Government for which hehad lost health and hope. He thought over the time when he had rejoiced in her society and in the light her beauty and tier grave and winning man ner shed around him, till tho Wow struck his heart, when Musgrave camo and he knew that she was engaged -was to be married. How ho felt none knew save himself. Better, he thought-, to have been struck blind-yea, stone dead. He would have avoided her,after that newf came-avoided her society and escaped the world; but he was helpless as a child. All the love of his heart had gone forth, to her, allured by her winning ways, her sis terly bearing to him-for Amy never meant or imagined it could be more. It was a per fect love, as he neither hoped nor looked for any return. Her presence to him had been as sunshine cast about the gloom of his exis tence; and in his silent worship he would cheerfully have laid down his life for Amy, if by doing so he could have served her. His rmotions were expressed in the words of Shelley's serenade, and he had often heard her sing it ?: I rise from cifen'm5 of thee, In the first sweet sleep of night, When the winds are breathing low. And the stars .ire shining bright; I rise from dreams of thee, And a spirit in mv feet Has led me-who knows how? To thy window-chamber, 6weet. Oh lift me from the grass I die-I faint-I fail! Let thy love in kirses rain On n:y lips and ey«lids pale. My cheek ia cold and white, alas, My heart beats loud and fast; Oh press it close to thine again, here it will break at last. The blow he DO long expected had fallen at last, and the girl he could only love in secret was lost to him more than ever. In his dumb despair he now realised to the full how great and how futile that love had been. Those two were together now ; ere long they would pass side by side from the altar, where her father had given her away; and ere long the new-made bride groom would bo worshipping the bright beauty cf her sunny little face, his arm en circling her waist, and his kisses would be where his- Reginald's-had never been, on her brow, her hair, her lips ; while he was here, on his couch, crushed, lonely, desolate and longing only for death. ' Suddenly the chimesrang out joyously and merrily in the square, ivied tower of the vil lage church ; but the sound brought no message of gladness or peace to the ear of Reginald Talbot. It came rather like the muffled knell that announces the hour of doom to the dying. He made a wild e3say,as if he would start to his feet-instinct with emotion,convulsed by an inward struggle-only to sink back among his cushions ; while the old and at tached servant, Bethia Barlnw, ignorant of his thoughts, of all he felt and endurtd, burst in exclaiming : " The jo.v bells-the marriage bells of Miss Amy-bless her little heart. You hear them, Master Reginald," she added, as if he was still a boy, aa with clash and clang the note3 come upon the frosty air through the open window, whore she had swept away the snow, that Me'.anie might feed the robins as usual. Intent only on listening to the wedding chimes and the sound of cheering that came from the village, she did not remark the changed appearance of the unhappy young man; who looked, as ho felt, dying. As he reclined back, with closed eyes, he hoped chefiathad gone forth that would give peace to his over-taxed heart and, so far as this world is concerned, oblivion to . his soul. A fit had come upon him-one from which he was long in rallying ; and the dreadful announcement that he ' wa3 gone' were the first tidings that met Melanie on her return from the festivities at the vicarage. But Reginald did not die, though left in a more prostrate condition than ever; and another shock of misery now awaited the un fortunate Melanie. CHAPTER LI. : EVIL TIDISCS. In the secluded district where Rose Cot tage is situated there w»jre no newspaper I shops, with startling posters, to announce the great events of the time-even of the preceding day-at the utmost confines of the earth ; thus Burmese news, like other news, came but slowly to the vicinity of St-okencross. A day or two after Amy's marriage, and all the transient excitement thereof, came one which Melanie Talbot was never to for get. In the air there was a strancre stillness, that boded something, she thought, by its actual calmness and sadness, and Melanie was just then imprtsied by that emotion, when a paper, a day or so old, was pur posely left in her way by her Uncle Grim shaw, and thereon, the first item that caught her eye was news from Burmah ! ' Thank God !' had been Mr. Grimshaw's exclamation when he read therein. Melanie now felt her heart sinking in her breaBt, and something prophetic of coming evil-a terrible fear-fell over her. The writer detailed briefly the capture of Myon Gyon, the advance to Ava, and what we have related elsewhere, with the subsequent fall of Captain Montressor, and the too probable death, after capture, of his friend, Captain Montague Lonsdale, in the jungle, after the operations had con cluded and the fighting wrs supposed to be over. ' As the bodies of some of Captain Lons dale's party were found floating in the river, and all dreadfully mutilated, not a doubt remains,'' added the telegraphic des patch, ' of the fate of that gallant young; officer at the merciless hands into which he fell-Dacoits of the worst type. The sub-; sequent discovery of his white helmet, battered out of all shape and covered with blood, ha? been deemed by the Staff as ample corroboration of their worst fears -another valuable life lost in this inglori ous war.' Twice, at least, she perused these awful tidings, and sat as if they had tui- ned her into stone * Melanie !" said a voice-her uncle's. A low wail answered him. lis ^ery in tensity made him shiver, yet lie had in his hand, crushed up, a letter just received from Mrs. Chillington-a brief but exulting! one. ' So, so, this is well,' she wrote ; ' the wretch who has stood so long between that fcol Melanie and wealth and rank is gone at last. End her nonsense at once ; the girl can no longer have any excuse for delay. How I shall enjoy the Crystal Palace fete to-night !' Like one in a dream, Melanie smoothed out the fatal paper with tiemulous but tender hands, and carefully folded it, like, one who knew not what she did. In our lives, it is said, there are times even moments-so filled with emotion that they seem !o mark a turn in them-a turn we never, never reach again.; and so it was uow with Melanie Talbot. L'nclo Grimshaw was not one given to tenderness, even in his best moments. He know not how to console, even when he wished to do so ; and in the present instmces he f;l', only iutense satisfaction, and continued to polish his bald head and twist up his absurd side tufts, while he betook him to brandy and water, leaving Melanie to the care of old Bethia, who had been r kind of mother to her from childhood. Passive, but falteiir.g, she allowed the fatal print to be taken from her hand, as she was placc-d in a seat by the kind old woman, who watched anxiously, with pain and won der, the great change that for a time had come over her. Melanie was, as yet,tearless. The slight colour had gone from her cheeks, the light from her eyes, and for a-time she seemed more dead than alive as she sat drooping in an easy chair. One hand was pressed heavily against her left side, as if a pain was there; her breath came in fitful gasps, and her head reclined on the breast of Bethia, whose arms were round her. Then the latter brought hersome wins,and j insisted upon her swallowing it. She made no ' effort to do so,and the glass rattled against her teeth till, with a low cry, she burst into a passion of tears. A storm of sobs shook her slender frame, but were a Bpecie3 of relief. Bethia was not sorry to see the tears come-experience taught her that anything was better than the stupified and d ispairing expression of that sad young face- the fixed horror of the hag gard eye?; and when the aobs grow fainter and les3 frequent, Melanie reclined on the old woman's ample breast, like the child she had beOn, and wept freely. So passed the first dreadful day of sorro ?, and the night came, yet brought with it no relief from care-no escape from thought. Taken prisoner and put to death by Dacoits-no trace of him found but his bloodstained helrue>! Dead, after, deeming her, perhaps, false, her letters having been intercepted,, Melanie thought, as. the full force of all her misery rushed upon her life -a cold dark wave beneath which she bowed her head. Could she ever take up the prosaic duties of life again-when that life, her heart, her soul, all seemed to have left her? All that made existence worth having, worth hoping for, was a failure no.v, and no thing remained but a blank full of bitte? and unavailing sorrow. But no sorrow can last in its first keenness, and in time she would realise that it would inevitably and inexor ably be, in the words of Philips'. 1 By Time subdtied-what will not Time subdue!' In the freshness and poignancy of her grief, his face, his figure, his eyes and voice came painfully, vividly before her in memory now-again and again more than: ever, his expresai :n when the first secret of their hearts escaped them mutually, and whenshe felt the tender touch, Ihe clinging of Ihe lip that first gave her a knowledge of all a lover's kiss contained. How far from what she wished it to be, her treasured photo 3eemed now; but hcrtv inexpressibly dear it was-dearer than ever was a holy relic, to the most pious devotee! Save her brother Reginald, now mofe helpless than ever, there was no one to whom she could turn for genuine sympathy. Her heart seemed turned to stone, her jbrain was throbbing wildly-hearing nothing more,see ing nothing more, conscious only that a dreadful calamity had overtaken her-j feeling deprived of power or coherent thought. ! Sir Brisco Braybrooke sent his cards of condolence. This seemed a kind of mockery, yet it was not so on his part, for he was by nature a kindly old man, and hearing of the depth of her grief from thb vicar and from Mr. Grimshaw, he did not intrude upon her at first. When he did call he was somewhat shocked by the change in her appearance. 'In time I may hope to cure all this now,' thought the baronet, while looking into the sweet pale face or Melanie, and listening to her low, vague replies, that filled him with sorrow and something of mortiBcation, while she, sunk back in an easy chair, strove to shut out his bluff honest visage, with its husky grizzledevebrow3and white moustache', as that of one whosought to come between her and the face of him who now lay cold and mouldering in a distant grave and iu a place to her unknown. ' You will think lightly of all this sort of thing to-morrow," said Uncle Grimshaw, eyeing her -with a sardonic glance, when Sir Brisco had taken his departure. 'To-morrow-what difference can to-mor row make to me?' asked Melanie.. 'Much, I hope.' 'How-in. what way 1' 'Because,' said he, with an angry grin, for her grief intensely bored and disgusted him, ' people view things differently, and are always much more sensible and amenable to reason in the morning than at night.' ' What brings him here?' murmured Melanie ; 'how can he come when his pre sence torments nre so!' 'And yet you owe him much for his kind: nes3,' snarled Uncle Grimshaw. For days and weeks after this, with eager antJ haegard eyes, she sought and' searched the public prints with nervous avidity for further tidings of Lonsdale-even for com plete details,if Buch were come-of hisdeath; but she sought in vain, for nothing of the kind ever appeared. His name seemed to have passed" away, his memory to be forgotten, and other men had taken his place. It was inevit able. .. 'For the fashion of this world paseeth away,' To be Continued. 