MYSTJ3RY- OF' 'IHE CROWN PRINCE. DETAILS OF, THE GREAT TRAGEDY. iThe Berlin correspondent of the Glasgow Rerald and the Brussels cor respondent pof' the Daily Chronicle send detCils' 6E the versions current on the Continent as to the way in which the Crown Prince Rudolph met his death.. HOW THE PRINCE WENT MAD. "Crown Prince Rudolph, according to the Glasgoiw Hrald, had for the last three:years at least:been living in a bad way. His disappointment at having no son first estranged him from his wife, his infidelities completed the separation, and graduallyit beca me apparent that the, young pair, formerly so attached to each other, were leading a cat-and-dog life. The Crown Prince took to drinking'in xcess. He had never been of strong constitution. - Of slight build and nervous. lvmphatic temnperament, gave him the strictest injunctions to hold, his tongue. The Prince. then ,ent. home, and shortly after was found lying dead and drenched with blood. He was lying half out of the bed: and there was a revolver on the floor. highly imaginati ve and excitable, he could ri6i stand .wine. He lost in terest in the literary pursuits and studies which had been his delight during the happy days, of his union wfith the' Ci'6wn Princess Stephanie, and hie iis always craving for excite ment. He did mad things .when. out eiear-slhoting and deer-stalking. He was: frequently seen with a'flushed face: 'He took pleasure, more and more in low' society, and became smiittein: with a fofidness for -ghost stories and spiritualism. .. The endof this Nis was that he, got,,haunted with the fearthat he might become mad; like. Louis. II, 'of Bavaria.: 'Ofi his mother's side he had some-of the Wittlesbaclb lof- i6d in :hisý veinis, and ie was constantly staring., at the piortriit of tie'. Royal lunatic, his kinsman, which was hung on a wall-of his study. " THE BA ROESS M3AI.:E. '" He had an intrigue with a Baroness .Mriievon V----, says the Dail! h1wonzicle, a, young lady of 21, and one of the beauties .ofi Austrian society. She belonged to an old Czech family, and was the niece of a well- known Austrian sportsman. The acquaintance between the Baroness Marie and the Crown Prince began some months ago at the house of the Countess Larisch. 'This increased the estrangement between Prince Rndolphl and the Crown' Princess Stephanie, and the Prince scarcely made a secret of his determination-to obtain a divorce. In this he counted confidently upon receiving the assist ance of the Emperor, if for no other reason than on account of the dis nppointfment experienced by his Majesty when the doctors certified that the Crown Princess could have no -further issue. To the Crown Prince's surprise and disappointment, however, the Emperor point blank refused to countenance anything of the kind. His Majesty professed. himself, as he undoubtedly is- very attached to the Crown Princess, and rated his son for his unmuartial con duct. On Sunday, January 27, there was a terrible scene between the Crown Prince and his wife. The Archduchess Stephanie threatened to return to. her parents in Belgium, and the Crown Prince taunted her with.having no son. The Emperor had to interfere. He told the Crown Prince' that he would appoint himin Governor of Bosnia, and oblige him to go and live at Serajevo. " There," he said, "j ou will have to le-ad a reputable life, and there will be an end to. all these scandals." At.the same time, however, the .Emperor cautioned the Crown Princess to be more patient with her husband. The infuriated Archduchess turned' upon his Majesty with the German pro verb, "The apple does not fall far from the tree," which means,'" Your son is but a chip of thei old block." This was unjust, for thie Emperor .Francis Joseph ihas never been a Lothario. He made no answer to his daughter-in-law's insult. THE GAMhlK:EPEhR STORY. From tins point the stories differ, the Glasgow Herald telling the' game keeper story, and making the girl who committed suicide not the Baroness l.-- out iaother "yoing lady of the Austrian aristocracy. .Of Portuguese extraction, and. of fiery temipeir, she drove down to Meyerling on Tuesday afternoon, 'the day after the Crown Prince's departure from Vienna. She had beenii out shoppingi with her aunt, and gave that lady the slip, while the two werie in a ware house together. : . On reaching Mleyerling she insisted on seeing the Prince. The interview which he had with his excitable ladylove quite unnerved him. ' She stormted, wel. declared that his shame :would soon become public, and eiided by saying that unless the Crown Prince would take her openly under his protectiofi and elope withi her for a few weeks of foieign i travel she .wouldd commit ,uicidql.,: The Crown Prince was'so friglitened that lie. dared not'letitlie girl', go back to Vienna 'alý ec, i.bu proposed that she should remain forl the night at 2eyerling.,- She was accordingly installed in the lodge of the head gamekeeper,a man niamed Grotschka. At -night. the Crown Prince islipped out and went to the gamekeeper's lodge to his sweet.'eari.ir At'this 6hour an underkeeper named, Weider'inig was going his night roinid of the castlegrounds." Weidering had orders to call the 'head keeper at six, and, at 'the' hior appoint.ed 'went to the lodge and knocked at the door. He was carrying a double barrelled loaded, gun slung over his back. Suddenly,- while he knocked at the frbht door of 'the h'ouse, he heard a window open at the side of tlde' lhbue' anid 'omebody jump out. Having'o idea.that the Crown Prince was in the lhouse, lie ran round, saw a man scampering away in the dark, shouted to him' to stiy, and the next instant fired. .The man dropped, hit jinth'e shdulder. ;,Weidering hurried up, and the Crowoi Prince struggling to.his feet.grasped out---' I am Arch dukeRudolph ; I'm hit; lead me to tlib'Schloss." The Prince swooned af'this "nioment, just as lie reached the' w;indow where the girl whom ne had left a few minutes before was standing. 'Weidering appeared then to have called out in his distraction that lhe had killed the Crown Prince, upon 'which the girl withdrew with a dismayed shriek and swallowed the contents of a bottle of poison which she had brought with her. It is not certain if the Prince knew what she had done. The only sure thing is that recovering quickly from' his swoon, lie ordered Weidering again to help him. walk to the Schlbss, and 