An Empty Threat /The general opinion of Mr. James Fletcher MJL.A., has been that he is a shrewd hard-headed* mair'wlio, whatever bis errors of judgment may be, has at any rate, the possession of a certain amount of common sense. Those who have held' that view will have their . estimate of the man considerably shaken by his recent address to the electors at Dubbo, in which he declared the course he intended to pursue with regard -to the Baihray Commissioners. The pro tectionist craze .seems to have affected him grievously, and it is to be feared that his horror of anything -which can be ever so distantly twisted. Into the semblance of freetrade has dis torted his judgment altogether. His latest idea is that the Bailway Commissioners .are free, traders, and therefore he has made up his -mind to thwart their operations in every direction v At Dubbo he gave a version of an .interview which he had had some days previously with Mr. Eddy, in which he told the latter that if he (Mr. Fletcher) returned ?vrith a majority be would take care that he got back the authority over the railways which the law has placed in the hands of the Commissioners. There is reason for . believing that this was hot an angry expression used in the heat of the moment ; but was a deliberate utter ance of Mr. . -Fletcher's intentions. It is pretfy. welLonderstood that he owed- his majority at the 'Newcastle election to sotae promise made by frftn to the railway hands there, that if he was returned he would free them, from the con trol of the Commissioners. If this course of action is really intended, Mr. Fletcher is a much more silly man than his friends would like to own. No one knows better than Mr. Fletcher that it is utterly impossible for him to take the control of the railways out of the hands of the Commissioners- Power ful as he and his chief, Mr. Dibbs, may think them selves, they are not yet able to set an Act of Parliament at defiance. And they have not the ghost of a chance of getting that Act repealed. What, then, does Mr. Fletcher mean by all this vaporing talk about -what he will do when he i returns with a majority ? If, now, a voitcraa j like ? Sir Henry Ppjkes spoke in this I way, he would do so -with the know ledge that he ?would not return ^ilh a majority, and therefore that his promises vould go for T-othing. #ut Mr. Fletcher doe* not pos sess . this astuteness, p.nd therefore makes his \iiidictive threats conscious only of his temporary position, and inflated, -with tlia protectionist fol lowing which his party has got, and which is not a majority. That party -will not be very thankful to him for what he has done. He has committed an egregious blunder: and in politics, as in ^ar, a blunder is worse than a crime. 