Marooned. BY W. CLARK RUSSELL, Chai'Tkr XV.— WE SAIL THROUGH A STRANGE LIGHT. 1 remember it was on the thud night ot this gentle weather that I was quietly walking up and down the deck, with Miss Grant's hand lying light on my arm Four bells had not been long struck. The night was dark, but exceedingly beautiful, with a tropical rich ness of starlight that yet, though to the eye it showed like a wide line rain of silver light, suffered the sea to heave black to the confines of the hovering firmament — not a break or glance of foam anywhere, not the tiniest sparkle of the sea- glow, albeit with my companion 1 had overhung the quarter for many minutes to watch for any greenish cloudy rising, any yellow fibrous shooting ; for of all oceanic midnight sights nothing aengnis me so Keenly as me movement of phosphoric swarmings in the quiet ebon brine, when the vessel has just way enough to stir the liquid blackness into shining con figurations of all sorts along her sides, and to mark her passage by a jewel-like trail ing of luminous bells of foam, and tbc emerald glare of misty puffs of fire. The brig, with studding-sails out on either side, was floating through the shadow of the night at some four or five miles in the hour. Her wide stretch of canvas rose pallid to the gloom, and died upon theeye in mere films and spaces of f aintness ere the sight could penetrate to the forms of the little sails which crowned the stone- coloured pyramid. All was silent— every cloth aloft was asleep. Under the black arches of the distended canvas, the stars would come and go to the movement of the fabric, like eyes of invisible shapes, peer ing an instant over the edge of the yards down upon the dim glimmer of the brig's decks. Gordon was in charge I had killed half-an-hour some time before with him in talk, but when Miss Grant arrived I pai-ed off with her, and left my hearty friend to fill the interval betwixt the wheel and the main-rigging with lonely meditations. I do not mind owning here, that on such a night as this it was not very easy to check in myself something of those sentimental thoughts concern ing my fascinating companion which* had bothered me, as I hive elsewhere said, at an earlier date, and which no ( doubt would have continued to worry and vex me down to this hour, but for the murder of the mate and the posture of the crew. The quiet weather and the apparent peace in the brig during the the last three days, had enabled us to be much together on deck again, :ind to converse on subjects of a kind very different from assassination on shipboard, and the perils of pHSsengers in vessels worked by mutinous sailors. ' Indeed, the long and short of it is, as we stepped the deck together this night, 1 felt that if our voyage to Itio should bo long delayed, it must infallibly end in my failing in love with Miss Aurelia. It would not do* to call the emotion a disloyalty to my cousin. 'What must happen cannot be helped, and there is nothing in philo ophy to baulk the ifsue, though it may teach one how to support it. The utmost I could 'hope to do was to disguise my feelings ; quit llio as promptly as the shipp.ug there would suffer, and leave the rest to old Time, with his brush and whitewash. Still the position was an exceedingly uncomfortable one, and it was likely to endure long enough to render me very un happy ; for in those days 1 was a voung man with the heart and sensibilities of youlh ; and to tall ia love with a woman who was betrothed to another ; to find iny happiness subtly sneaking away, and making its existence dependent upon cuiidi turns' which never coud be fulfilled : to feel, moreover, that the emotious, which it was not in my power to suppress', were in a enn'-e unfair to ihe girl — though 1 must always main tain that the highest compliment a man can pay a woman is to fall in love with her — whilst they were dishonouring to rnjvelf, in my existing relations with my cousin, was to pla-je myself, without being able to help it, in a position so immediately distressful as to threaten by-arid- by to become distracting. The worst of it wap,'that whilst I would wish the voyage over, my conscience was sensible that the desire' was non sense, and that I was in no hurry. To be sure, it would be with no common delight that I should part with Captain Broadwater and his odious dinner-table, and take au efernal farewell of a ship's company of whose behaviour it was impossible to make sure from one hour's end to smother; but already — already! though Miss Grant and 1 had been together for a fortnight only — the prospect of turning my back upon her, of (saying good-bye, to hov at Rio, of sailing away and feeling that all 1 had done was to undergo the miseries of a long voyage merely to hand over the handsomest woman that 1. had ever met in my life — the only girl, moreover, I had ever encountered to whom I could have given every bit of my heart— I say the prospect of this was all to very distasteful to me, that when I came to look into myself I was not at all astonished to find I was secretly willing that this voyage to liio should continue, at all risks, to a period that might be in inde terminable, sooner than sunder my association with the lovely and engaging girl whom my abominably thought less cousin had asked me to take charge of. But these were my thoughts only. It was not to be supposed that she would dave the least suspicion of what was passing in my mind. There was nothing of the coquette in her ; no capacity of courting admira tion for the mere selfish pleasure of enjoying it. As she walked by my side, the warm frAgMnce of her on the atmosphere, her face wh;te to the slar-hhine with the sparkles of it in her eves. 1 had very little doubt, beiicve »-e, that, had she guessed at the thoughts which had my heart in tow, she would have rapidly made shift to conquer the floating movements of the deck without the-support of my arm, upon which her left hand now rested. Upon my word, the cruellest of all women — not the more forgivable, because she is unconsciously cruel — is the girl who, knowing that 6he is beautiful, acts without perception of the magic and influence of her graces. Fortunately for -the peace of men, such women arc rare. But Miss Aurolia Grant was one of them, and though the more intimate our association was, the more, in one eenec, and in a mean eenee, 1 am afraid, 1 enjoyed it ; yet she could never ? ♦ouch my hand, -bend her fire -impassioned eyes upon mine, iuclinc her! stalely figure to me with the .gracious, maidenly familiarity of a girl in the society of a man whom she values a*s a friend, -without a sort of wild, odd regret in me (hat Nature, in making her beautiful, had not also dowered . her with the capacity of appre ciating the significance of beauty's most artless provo- ?. cation. But then the Spanish blood would account for much in her that was as teasing as it was delightful. Now, as we quietly moved from one end of the deck to the other, there -happened so strange a thing, that the like of it in these parallels, at 'all events, has, to my knowledge, been witnessed once only. We had been chatting as soberly as though we were uncle and niece; not the lightest of the inspirations of this most glorious night coming out of it to tincture our words or thoughts into any complexion of romance, though never might a scene of star-lit gloom furnish a young fellow, ulrcadj' rendered sentimental enough, with, a better excuse for frequent poetical flight than this, in whose shadow I paced with Miss Aur4ia, her ungloved hand (with the gleam, by the way, of an engasred ring meet ing my eye each time 1 looked down) lying white as a fluke of 6ea-roam iu the bight of my arm. I was talking about old Broadwater, and expressed my wonder that he should be able to accommodate his love of rum and his taste for 'all night iu,' as they say at tea, with the obligation he had imposed upon himself of taking iiothwell's place. ' Spite of his many shortcomings,' she exclaimed- ' I should think lie is too experienced a sailor, too much a seaman by habit, not to be vigilant duricg his watch.' ' Oh,' 6aid I, ' 1 don't doubt that he keeps alright look-out when his turn to take chat ge comes round. What I mean is, it is odd that he should not have chosen some one from amongst the men forward to act as second mate, GorJon now being first, for then he would be abie to go to bed drunk as usual, with plenty of time to sleep off the fumes ; but the long and short of it is,' 1 added, ' there's no living creature in his fore castle to whom he durst confide his 6hip.' As I said this, I heard my name called, apparently from the forecastle. We were at that moment close to the wheel, and in the act of returning to measure the length of deck afresh. I was not a little surprised to hear myself hailed from so remote a part of the brig, and as I had not recognized the voice I sang out, ' Who wants me (here f ' 41 Me, sir— the mate,' came the answer from the bows ; ' will you and the lady step (his way ?' 1 asked Miss Grant if the would accompany me, thinking that she might be a little shy, and veiy reasonably shy too, under the circumstances, of that part of the vessel. . ,. ' Certaiuly,' she answered promptly. We had to move with caution. The pile of canvas (hat clothed the brig from truck to waterway deepened the midnight obscurity of the deck, and though it was plain sailing where we had been walking, yet, once abreast of the mainmast, one had to keep a sharp look out, by groping, for the harness-cask, scuttle-butts, coils of rigging, pump-handles, and other matters which lay between the point where the quarter-deck began and where the brig's forecastle ended. I called out, ' On which side are you, . Mr. Gordon F' wonder ing why he wanted us, and what had carried him away from his post aft 'On the starboard bow, 6irt' he rejoined; ' mind the fluke of the stowed anchor as yc come along ! I'm just forrard of it.' I held Miss Grant's hand, walking in front of her. The galley was locked up for the night ; there was not the faintest gicani of light anywhere visible, if it were not a sort of ghostly shorn lurk'ng like a churchyard exhalation over the fore-scuttle, from the sln$h-)amp, as I presumed, swinging iu the sailor's sea-parlour below. Indeed I was so engrossed by the occupation of picking my way that 1 saw nothing until I was fairly alongside of Gordon, who pointed, with a long shadowy arm, the fingers at the end of which showed like a giant's against the stars, over (he horizon, and ex claimed, fiMr. Mupgrave3, sir. saw any mnu over the like o' that? What can it be ?'' He held his arm levelled, and following its indica tion I saw, right ahead of the ship, standing apparently upon the ocean at the distance of the horizon, an arch of light, or rather, let me say, « shape of dim white radiance, that arched in perfect outline from one leg to another that appeared to rest upon the black surface of the deep to within three or four degrees of the sea-line, as though its foot had broken away. There is nothing so deceptive as distance by 6ea. The light, when I first saw it, might have been within gunshot, or it might have been a couple of leagues away from us. The radiance had the tint of moonshine, and was as visibly defined upon the velvet dusk as though painted there by the sweep of a brush dipped in white fire, You saw the stare shining close against the rim of it, all round and under the arch of it, where they sparkled like the riding-lights of ships. ' What is it, Mr. Musgrave ?' exclaimed Gordon, in the voice of a man not only awed, but even alarmed. ' I wish I could tell you,' said 1. ' It looks like the fiery trail of a comet that has swept in an arc from behind the sea, and gone to pieces in the blackness be fore it had perfected the semicircle.' 'We are steering directly for it !' exclaimed Miss Grant. The watch on deck, disturbed in the naps they were taking in secret corners by Gordon's call to me, had collected near us, and you heard the growling of their voices as they pointed an^ad, marvelling-, as we did, one to another at the startling, beautiful, radiant appear ance. I heard one say, ' Jim, it's a sort of vast com pn-esant. There's no luck for the vessel as eights them shows.' Another said, 'If we are to pail through it, stand by ! The likes of them lights, I've heerd, strikes men green if they smites 'em lull.' ' What, in thunder, can it be?' repeated Gordon ; ' 'tain't anything burning out there, is it? How fur do it stretch'? Can any man tell ? Looks to me to be a- widening.' One of the shadowy group behind me exclaimed, ' Job is to know how fur off it lies. I allow there's all 10 mile between them legs.' ''Vast there!' cried another, '10 mile! I'll 6wap my chest agin your Scotch cap afore eigb( bells this blooming night if them legs is a mile wide.' ' I'll go aft and report it to the captain,' said i Gordon, in a voice that betrayed the agitation he was j labouring under. ' Inever seed the like of such a thing in all my time. Beats all my going a-fishing, sir. Why, it's a obiect that ain't in nature ; and if we don't give it a wide berth it'll be a bad look-out for some of us, or I wasn't christened Zana,' and apparently as much subdued as if he had seen a ghost, or heard some spectral voice up in the air bidding him prepare for his end, he slunk away from our side, and vanished in the derkness, as he made his way to the cabin. When he was gone a deep silence Jell. The men ceased to speak. Miss Grant and I gazed without ex changing a syllable. Nothing was to be heard but the soft shearing of the cutwater beneath us, rending the liquid indigo with the noise as of the tearing of satin ; the blackness under the bows was profound— not a sparkle of phosphor to natch the eye, not. the sickliest flake of startthibe to express the invisible heave of the deep by the wire-like widening of it to the movement. I looked behind me at the towering canvas on the foremast, and found a strange solemnity in the visionary bpauty of the silent, swelling, airy concavities mountiug in pale vague Nurface* into the stooping dusk ; but whether near or distant, the mystic arch of light ahead threw not the feeblest gleam upon that soaring surface spectrally dilated on either hand to the pinions of the studding-sails which faded into a hovering faint ness far beyond the side3. The mysterious Eheen to our approach seemed to gather a quicker tincture of lustre, as of the diamond, or some clear glittering star. It is impossible to express the startling loveliness of thi6 apparition of luminous arch against the midnight sky, with the stars shining down to its rim, and spangling the hollow to the sea-line within. 'Twas as though. \- God's hand had set up a sign in the sky for us to be hold, and the men now were so dumb in the face of it - that you easily guessed how impressed and awed they were. . Most of the watch below had come up to have a look, but each new-comer's first murmur of wonder speedily died in the hush that was upon the others. 'What is it, do you think, Mr. Musgrave?' said Miss Grant, in a, voice a little above a whisper. ' Were we far north or south,' I replied, ' one would make it intelligible by reference to the Northern Lights, or to the magnificent display of the. Aurora Australia, with its sudden pale flashings und spiral coruscations. No doubt yonder beautiful Object is ~ something of the kind, electric — phosphoric^- call it what you will. But is it not worth seeing? Why, one would sail round the world even with old Broadwater for such possession of memory as that glorious span will yield!' ' It will fill these poor fellows with superstitious fancies,' the said, speaking very softly. ' Did you hear one of them say that people who sail through such things are struck green?' I could not help laughing, and said, ' Yes ; hut it is possible to be green without passing through such an arch as that. If these sailors, now, were Roman Catholics after the type of the mariners of Columbus's day, they would be on their knees chanting litanies, and making the air melodious with their Salve Keginas. But is not superstition excusable amongst seamen? Look at that wonderful sight, Miss Grant. Imagine yourself run backwards by the stream, of time 300 years— before the scientific man had broken loose, when the world was bare of problem-solvers, when all inter pretation was delicious!}- romantic and tenderly poetical. What then would you think of such a sight as that? It would be no mere phosphoric or electric arch. No, no ; but some paradisaical bridge of etherial crystal, such as St. John may have gazed upon without having . recorded it ; and bs sure that your young-eyed imagi nation, fired by sheer ecstasy of superstition, would readily discern the forms of angelic beings with wings of pearly light, and raiment as lustrous as a moonbeam, flitting along it to the stars upon which its unfinished end to the left there seems to rest.' I merely talked thus to provoke her, delighting in the high moods which even such idle stuff as this would induce in her. But unfortunately it was not only that we were not alone ; I had scarcely made an end, when old Broadwater, followed by Gordon, rol'ed floundering and tumbling ou to the forecastle. He Ciimo and stood close against mo, puffing and blowing in such a manner, that my nose was n long way ahead of my ears in detecting that if he was not actually drank he must have turned in very well primed. He stared for some moments in silence, breathing hard, and then burst out, ' Well, boil me alive if -ever I seed the likes or that ! 'Tain't fire neither. What do you call it, Mr. Gordon?' . 'Got no idea, sir,' answered the mate, speaking as before with a note of awe and depression in his voice. ' Shall we shift the helm while there's time ? It looks close aboard now, and we.6hall be into it if we don't mind.' ' Shift the helum?' cried Broadwater. ' What for ? D'ye think it's land, man? Why, what else is it but what they calls a luminous fog? And who's going to diwerge for a thickness yon can see through ?' . Some man said, ' That there's no iuminous fog, master. It's a big strike-me-blind compreesant. Look out! It may foul our mastheads as we pass under it, and who's to know that we shall ever be heard of arter wards?' Broadwater, who had been peering hard into my face, seemed on a sudden to distinguish uic, and with out apparently heeding ihe man who had spoken, ex claimed, ' Hope you're enjoying of it, Mr. Musgrave. Tain't often a sight like that's chucked ia for naught in a voyage to Hio.' ' Am I to shift the helm, sir ?' said Gordon. ' Certainly not !' roared the old fellow, 'didn't ve hear me eay so ju-t now ? Cook me alive, M*r. Musgrave, if sailors be men tit even to make soldiers ot ! Diwerge because there's a lunar rainbow in the road !' He seemed to be struck by his own fancy. 'It's a lunar rainbow,' he shouted; ''one of the finest I ever see.' ' Wtert's the moon to make' him f' said a voice. 'Keep all on as ye are, Mr. Gordon;' all on as ye' are .'' said Broadwater, with an ominous growl in his j tones, that was like an intimation to the little company ' of shadows standing near -him to hold their peace. ' Steady as she goes, sir! ' and so saying he staggered away from the rail, and went swinging towards the quarter-deck, singing out to the helmsman as he went, ' Steady as she goes, my man ! steady as she goes ! ' We had neared the ehining appearance so rapidl}', that I suspected it must have been very much closer to us when first sighted than we had imagined. It cast no reflection upon the dark waters under it, nor 6heen upon the air beyond the line of its own irradiation, as you saw by the shine of the stars close down upon it. As we were under a steady helm, it soon became plain that the sparkling arch was slowly trending to larboard. When it first showed out, our jibbooms seemed to point fair for the centre of it, whereas now the right leg had drawn on to our starboard bow. The obscurity seemed the blacker for that light. I'd look aloft and around, wondering that no illumination came from the mystical burning to touch the sails, or to put a sparkle into the eyes of the staring men. They were grumbling freely, swearing that nothing but ill-luck couid attend our passage through the luminous thing, and heaping curses upon the captain for his drunken obstinacy. Gordon had followed Broadwater on to the quarter deck, but Miss Grant and I held our place against the forecastle-rail. Within h:tlf- an-hour ot the object heaving into view, we were close upon it. Even when our flying jibboom end was silvered by contact with tbe luminosity, the jibs themselves hung black as thunder-clouds against the shining. I had just time to note the woudroui sweep of this mighty arch, extend ing like a vast hueless rainbow into the clear obscure, when the light was all about us. I begged my com panion to look aft ; the spectacle was incomparable for splendour and shadow, heightened by the elements of mystery and fear. The swelling sails at the fore — studding-sail upon studding-sail to the topgallant yard-arm, and white cloths rounding and rising from forecourse to crowning royal — leapt into spaces of bland, almost milk-white light to the touch of this atmospheric radiance, and floated gleaming, whilst tbe rest of the brig from the fore- rigging lay black and buried ; but very swiftly the whole vessel leapt into | this midnight effulgent vision, and no searching moon light could have offered a clearer view of her. Every man's shadow swung at his feet, the atmosphere was a wide white gushing, the very trucks at the lofty mast heads shone out with the* dull light of frosty silver burtons. Aft, upon the quarter-deck, you saw the motionless dark figures of Broadwater and the mate, standing as though this mystical illumination possessed some hellish quality that had blasted them into stirless ness. The fellow at the wheel gripped the spokes without a move in his posture that seemed to me full of terror and awe. Many of the crew, whilst our iibboom was yet penetrating this burning mist, and whilst the forecastle still lay in blackness, had jumped below with sharp cries of alarm, warning one another to beware of the light, that it turned the flesh green, that it was fatal to those it shone on, and the like. But a few men lingered, though when the brig was fair in the radiance 1 marked them in cowering attitudes, one stooping low at tbe windlass end, another crouching with his arms ngainst his forehead, a third in a posture of recoil at the heel of the bowsprit, as 1 have seen people terror stricken by a sudden dazzling flash of lightning. The heave of the sea was like the swelling of a sheet of silver. But in less than three minutes, as nearly as I could calculate, I marked the jibboom and jibs turn black, then the forecastle stole into the midnight again, and preternatural beyond expression was the spectacle of the swelling canvas, bright for a breath to us who stood in blackness, then vanishing upon 'the sight as though the whole fabric had been formed of star lighted mist that had melted on a suddeu. In a few minutes the brig was once more sailing along in dark ness, and ihe glorious arch was over her stem, with what was now its left limb, viewing it from (he fore* ':castle, veering away upon our larboardquarter. (To be continued.) 