ART & LITERATURE That "very unpleasant ox-King Milan of Servia is going to writo hi* autobiography with the intention of presenting tho volume to his son, the presont kiug, when the youth roachoa his majority. The first volume of another 1 series1 has just made its appearand* in London. This is ' Baron Munchausen's Travels,' illustrated with Crowquill's original blocks. The Lotos Series is tho numc of this new enterprise. Two styles of binding are usol. A brilliant but dissipated English writer ouuo gavo this queer excuse for yielding to * Howitig bowl' temptations: * Well, the truth of the matter is that I have to stupefy mytfclC to a certain extent bnforo I can fully enjoy an ordiuary conversation.' It waa an arrogant but apparently perfectly frank re mark. Tho sooret of Thackoroy's influence hardly nppo&r;» on ilie eurfaco. Had lie buon a sa tirist puro and simple, tho most delicate humour would Hcaroely cotnmend him to an age which suffers from indigestion of thought nud can only concede tho ghost cf a Ktnilo to burlcnquo itself. Somo few of us, no doubt, of wonderful reserve power, oan bear the extra strain of observant humour. For them tho turmoil has ita compensations, and satire eemn tlio salt of life. Tor the rost, Thaek neray would tasto liko a dry and bitter crust, but for a charautrTinliu moro winsome thtiu it-viz., fcllntv-feolimj. He wulks urm-in urm with Iho iVHdrr through lliu w»rld of motivo nud udion ; and lit? rin^H out his i-oiniiKMilA without thinking to wouuiTyun, or lau^rhin^ in his i-1eev«?8 ill you, liko Disraeli. Indeed h" is on'iiideiit you w»ll foci as lie ilnen* for bin indignation is rcul nud lmluml, uuulloyod by tlio with to prove his powers or Hulinfy a Bocret bittornuisa.-Aliilanla. 4 The Surprising1 Advonturosof Baron Mun chausen, are bohevod to hove been written in English by a Gorman-hnlf flar.uit, half rogue-nflracl Ilu olpU K, llaspe, who, aftir frU-ttling a ca-u of valuable moduU from the museum nt CaHhel, look refuge in Kngland, Hero bo wan elootrd a Fellow of llic Royal Society, and was hubswjucntly expellod from that learned body. HcdiedinIrclH:.d »q 1473 TJjo firntoditiou of 'Munchausen's Travels' was published at Oxford in 17B13. It was said t) bo a Riliio 011 the the moraoricA of tho French traveller and diplomatist Baron do Tott, though a sequel was dedicated to our own African explorer, James Bruce. But llaspo certainly utolo a good many of his stories, aft ho stolo tho medals. Somo arc taken from Luciau's ' Iearo Menippus.' Two are traced by Souther to a Portuguese periodical. Tho tunes frozen in a post-horn may lm\o boon auggeated either by the acoount of the battlo between Armasphiins and Nepholobites, in Jlabelaia, or by Addison's well-known <-«*ay in tho TatUr. Munchausen had been illustrated by llowlandeon, Oruick shank, and Uubtave l3ore. 