Wednesday Wanderings. I am a grfcat admirer of Shakespeare, and never lose an opportunity of reading him aloud, cither to myself or anybody I cun persuade to listen to me. There hus been a great deal of tioasense talked about the difficulty of inter preting Hamlet. You hear people talk of an actor a powers to pluck out the heart ©i Hatiilet'a mystery," as though it were a very difficult matter j but for my own part I always found the play as easy to understand as any other. Well, last Tuesday night, after tea, my wife, who was in an indulgent, mood, signi fied "her pleasuro'to hear me read, provided I did not shout loud enough to vrake the baby. i selected uie scene in wmcn uanuci suwus over the open grave of Ophelia discoursing with the grave-digger. I enjoyed inreelf thoroughly, and so did my wife, to judge from her regular breathing. She eays she always finds my reading so soothing. So on Wednesday morning during business hours I found my thoughts continually straying to Ophelia's grare side, so much so that when a hunter from the caveB asked if vre wanted any 'possum skins 1 could not refrain from answering M Ay, my lord, »nd calf skins, too." And so yrhen tho afternoon came nothing woald serve but I must go out to the cemetery and rehearse the scene by th« graves, nnd indulge in such reveries as the place might suggest. I felt that to give emphasis to the part I was to play I ought to- hato a black cloak, such as you always aee worn ©n the stage, and a broad- brimmed hat with » black feather ; bo 1 secured an old block shawl thot my wife wore at her mother's funeral, and a black felt hat and feather com plete that was of service on the same joyful — I mean melancholy — occasion. When I had made tliem up into an unpretending brown-' paper parcel I 6et out for the cemetery, but it was a good hour and a half before I found it. I don't so much object to romantic surround ings to a graveyard — seclusion, rcpc>90, and all that sort of thing, but the road to the Katoomba graveyard is rather too romantic for my taste. "Ro&d;,"' did I cay ? It's a wonder any dead citizen with any respect for himself would con sent to travel on such a track. It being the last journey he will probably make for some time, it seems hardly fair to let him run the chance o! gotting bushed. Why, cross-country contests are nothing to it. However, to proceed. When I got thsre and found the plaoe deserted, save by the dead, I opened the parcel and donned the cloak and plomed hat. The latter was rather too email, but I managed tn keop it on by means of the elastic, which I passed under my cliin. Then, having hidden the paper and my best hat in a hollow log, 1 opened the gate, as Horatio wae not there to open it for mo, and with Blow aud meaenred etridos, as I have ecen great actors employ to take them from one part of the stage to another, I approached the graves. As I advanced I held in my hand an acting edition of the play that I always kept about me, and with ror finger in the place I declaimed in deep sepulchral tones the words of the Danish Prince. I was just in the middle of the speech, beginning with the lines "Alas ! poor Yorick," when a head appeared from out of the earth before me, and asked me what the h — I was talking shout. At this sudden apparition 1 must confess that I cove o Btart, scarcely in keeping with the dignity of the character I bad assumed, and the loss of my hat, due to a well- directed piece of mud, put & stop to my apt quotation of the words, " Angels and ministers of grace, defend us,'1 which Hamlet used when the ghost appeared. The apparition recognised mc when my hat wbb gone, and gave vent to much memmontand manv uncomrilimentiirv remarks. sufficiently disconcerting, and couched in langn&g;© that soon led mc to identify him with our well-known bill-sticker, bell-ringer, and contractor for odd jobs in yards or onywhore. By this time I had lost the place in the book, and it took ma e little while, being naturally flurried by the remarks of the grave-digger, to find it again. When I had done so, and had likewise replaced mv battered head-piccc — the elastic, by the. way, was broken — I began with as moch of the air of a Danish Prince cb was left in me to question the grave- digger, in the words of the play, concerning his occupation. " WhoBC grave's this, sirrah 7" says I. He should have answered, of course, if he had known his part, 11 Mine, sir," and then have begun to aing 41 O, a pit of clay," &c.; ; but as be did not apparently realise the situation, or bad forgotten his part, he told xne to go to the devil and mind my own business. I ws Dot, however, to be startled out of my dignity a second time, so I once more addressed him in Hamlet'e wards « little lower down the page, " What man dostthoo dig it for ?" ' D — — d if I know " was the answer I received, and once more I failed to find hie words aet down for the grave-digger in the play. And before I could correct him, or give him the book to answer from, he began to explain — glad, I suppose, to haTe some one to talk to — how he bad come out while business was alow to do a little digging m advance of the wants of the time, as he always found himself pressed for time when called upon to dig a grave. There were always odd jobs of some kind turning up, and I allowed that it was never pleasant to be hurried in one's profession. In return for this explanation I felt that the least thing I could do would be to eccouut for my Irregular be haviour and attire, hut J fear my story seemed to him hardly a satisfactory and sufficient reason for mr actions, as be remarked, after a few moments thought and a minute scrutiny of my intelligent features, that he had always understood that I had been baked in too hot a fire, and, m& it seemed, lie had not been mis taken. To turn the conrersAtion, which was developing a personal tendency, I thought it better to put off tnj impersonation of Ilamlet for a future occasion, and to avert his attention from myself by inquiring the meaning of a Urge placard hanging on t-he fimce announcing that the JEveving Arsi c was for s«Io, and he told me thai he always hang it thsre whsc he was digging- s grave, as he found tlieoocupation depressing, and the sight of tills familiar Announcement made it more cheerful and homelike, and less lonely and God-forsaken. He sddod that any other notion, whether of a prize fight or a tea fight, would do jujt as well ; it was the idea of the thing that he found companionable. I (hen Apologised jfor my intrusion aod with drew, though 1 told bun that I feared my wife would not be pleased with him for spoiling her funeral feather, and that there were do ftage directions in any edition of Hamlet I had yet seen authorising the grave-digger to above the day into the fVinoe a hat. Aa I wha remak ing the parcel on the other side of the fenoe, roan of laughter reached me from the bottom of the grave that did not add my sett-mcem, : and when I got to a safe distance 1 aimed a ; stone, weighing ncnrly half a pound, at the 1 pi nee where the sounds came from. bother it tonk effect or not I cannot tell, for 1 llP | the hill a? fast as my legs would carry mc, and never stopped until" 1 got safe inside our back gate. It was at the hack of the boitom drawer that I put. the hat, and I hope that the unhappy nature <if the. event that next makes it necesenry for iny wife to wear it will prevent any close enquiry being made about the broken funeral feather. 