LIKE the. assemblage of wisdom, above: spoken of our'miniature Parliament, in the shape of the Borough Council, lias again, l^eon, set jin order'by; the] ratepayers returning three e*{ 'periénced 'and progressive "'gentlemen to re-; present them,.one os; whom . has already put' his foot down'by stating that he thought the; ratepayers) were ,now ¡weary) of > the-'endless' debates re the £10,000 loan, and cost of^the. Gas-plan t,> àiid'âf tor wards- moved 'a ^practical motion re the Three-chain Road difficulty,! jWjiich¿should -have'che: eftect of : removing the! ({hosts'-of departed days that have -lately; haunted the CounciLCIiumbers, anrl impeded! the business. Looking-over the events of; ,the,.past;Municipal year. ,we.< failv topsee th'tCt'j there is mucli cause for ; congratulation as to I the amount of work'done;' there' biñrig'some [ procrastination' exhibitedr/.'á'tj'.tóe'^sttrt^rsave iii the 'removal' ,pf ..the /ugly; lamp-posts.ifi-om the centre of the roads, to the sides of the stroeti, in, which some muai tness; was ^ahown. The Council . then, borrowed another ¡£2000, raiWèd the Lighting Rate to 4d.';in ;the £, toyed' with! the; Waterworks^ ' and /díd¡' ft few n'l'inor'j works-^rsonie bf 'which, ['such, as the ?di¿in near .the public wharf, we "are, afraid will not stand;-and - the1 state of ? the1 streets ,*ndjroadwaysi/leading to the. town; ¡with loose stones and, boulders .laying in every di rection, show . that, we are, not,;yet a modell Municipality, wliilo clean- kept and watered! .streets, drinking tfountainsf and, ( shade, trees, I .arejjiisó.yital.ne^ssitié j like'this; ' As can be seen upon all sides, a! largo amount of practical work yet remains 'for;. Aldermen,;''and ; we/;believe': wp.até'- cor ;rec£ ¡injsayirig ..that'.a/,late,,member;.of the Council was so impressed ,- with '.the ? necessity for-sewage and drainage, that he' was ; pre pared J to "advocate thc "floating of /another loan in due season.. . As some of our readers may ...be, painfully aware from, reading ,tho sayings and doings:of/ the; Council, that au gust body after getting. nicely , into;. harness under, the guidance of the. then, Mayor (Aid. Wotherspoon), nnd adopting' some practical motions.moved by Aid. Drew, suddenly took fright at the raising of the ghosts aforesaid, which . wpuld have been amusing, where »it not for the personalities indulged in at/times', tome- of which' were'dangeróus^to pùti inèo print. Of course opinions vary upon this matter, as we find- Aldermen then^giving a ' carte blanche ' to the Mayor to do certain things, and confirming his aotion, and months af ter wards, apparently forgetting 'all that had been done, re-opening the subject, and crying over spilt milk. .We have (as re porter)'sat through nil the proceedings ;of the1 Council'since its inauguration, ah'i; well re member" what business was' djno (as a reference to our files will shew), and why Aldermen should now endeavour to stultify themselves and. bark back upon, their psst actions, is-aoujewhat of a puzzle. Looking [ at/the fact that'he who goes a borrowingytbo' often .' goes a sorrowing (especially' when. I prying the Sydney money lenders) we had thought, at the time, that' the Mayor (Dr. Beinstein) made a good bargain,.rn tbo; float ing'of the loan, especially'ns the'Colonial money market was tight, and the oflbrts to obtain loans by previous Mayors had not proved a BUCCBSS,-while' the labor market being at^a. low ebb,, and employment scarce, we did believe'that the " paying off óf tho ' 1 then existing Bank liabilities, and the put tíng ,tóe-surpins. ciah. in circulation in the town'to be i. benefit ; " and' roughly estima ting*? tne Municipal'expenditure here of late yr ara to be from'some £30,00 to £40,000, tho, working 'men and all classes must have benefitted thereby, which is evidenced by the tush of population here of late. Of course it is better not to borrow if it can be avoided, but how a yonng rising town or district like this- is. to .jjefc, along without, money ia. a 'mystery, and we are afraid it will have to go iitilí farther in that'direction if it wishes"to progress. With reference to the purchase of Tlier-'gaB-plaTit;~"it- maybe~conceded"~that" like" other items . in. the , iron trade, such can-be bought much cheaper/ at t one, time i than-thé .other,- while - there is.al ways- the danger of a-1 person who is not an expert being charged nigher than one in the trade ; and from our experience in thí* purchase J offprinting' machinery wp kno,w how, prices* vaiy.anc^ well remember the proprietor/of a leading*1 journal upon which we were 'employed S gtv- I ing £5000 'for ' a machine which .could be bought a, few years afterwards for £1000. j Of 'cour-SB,'-tho then CduncU in its wisdom! might have called for teridera for floating the loan,-án'd the párchase and fitting up of the gas plant, but having once" delegated ita jjpwero.to, others,-^we,<fail to see what it has 40 "enm plain'*óf,~ án'd must put' up with the loss, if . ahyl . "Like -tho- Parliament, our Council appears' to .have; a large amount of 'practical Work'-cut' out before'it, such as the .taking over _ and expansion . of . the ^Water 'works,' and lthe'*imprbvemeric; of .the' town generally; and looking afc 'the" oppor tunity thus,-offered it^is to bo, hoped tha£ Aldermén-w111rnoVsinfc all part/differences;" and .work together ¡for the-com mon good. 