THE VIEW FROM MOUNT TAUAWERA, LOOKING TOIVAUD3 ROIOMAUANA FttQM A l'UOXOUUAVU OX UU1ITOX DUOS., QVj. DUIfKOlX. A VIEW FROM M0I7XT TAKAWGRA, r.OOKIXO TOWARPS JIOTOMAHAXA. ,. „ Mount Taraavdra, the sceno of the memorable «»!»- of June 10, 1880, is now one of the principal objects of in terest in the hot lako district of New Zealand. I)orin*r]J'; tho pink and white terraces engrossed tho tourist's a ttc ? tion, and Tnrnwero wna rarely climbed. It wa3 *°. ? tourist nothing but n huge black, forbidding m0'n^en standing by the lako, which lie had to cross by boat v* going to tho terracos from tho village of Wairau . ?? ♦1 nro are no terraces, tho faco of tho country lias been l aii'ed The site which the terraces once occupied cannot .predetermined; and a deep opening in the srrouncV iCf!^innin(* at the mountain and extending to a disFance of -ven miTes, bears testimony to the tremendous character Sf the forces which were in action during the eruption. It ' : described as being about 400 yards across, 800ft. deep in L deepest part. The end of the mountain, it is believed, niist have been blown clean away, and at tlio head of the itfc there is a perpend icular wall of rock, 800ft. sheer clown, .mil as cleanly cut sis by a knife.: ; The edges of this awful ?hns'm are lined with sulphur, fiimoroles,; or, more correctly «ncakin', ict-s of sulpbiu' dioxide, which Joavo an incrusta tion of sulphur round the edges, and deposit a yellow film on the neighbouring rocks and stones. The bottom of tho rent is composed of: a series of small conical craters. The sketch is from a photograph by Burton Brothers, of Dimcdin. HAIJAVAY STATION SKETCUES. ' Those who are in the habit of travelling by the suburban trains cannot have failed, to notice ..that each train through out tho day carries a distinctive' class of travellers. In the early morning, that is before 8 o'clock,, tlie majority of passengers are wprlcmen going, to their daily labours. The trains between;8 arid 9 are usually crowded with junior clerks, storemen, and the immense maiority of workers who have to bo at business ^before 9. Then comes tho stolid commercial and professional men, each with his newspaper, and white umbrella* on -sunny- mornings, and the inevitable black bag- Later still j tho young city -swells fill tho carriages, with their 'wealth; of shivt-sloovc, glossy hats, woll-cut clothes, and fragrant TTavann a. Tlio .'o'clock trains, or thereabouts, are (Icvbtcd.to. tho wives of those who'havo gone before. Summer' frocks, summer hats, and ' husband-beater :- -parasols swarm on the station, and tho carriages are redolent of many perfumes. Between 5 and G the classes are not sorted as in the morning. Banker, cleric, storeman, business man, and errand-boy all mingle in the general rush down the platform .for the vacant carriages, and sit side by side with all that is sweet and beautiful from the block or afternoon concert. - A very-instructive and amusing halfj-hour can bo spent at the Hobson's Bay station watching the^ great mass. of humanity hurrying homo to dinner. i ii ;' i '''??? v THE SUTHERLAND, FALLS, MILFORD SOUND. A view of the Sutherland Falls was given in a recent number of Tho »S7.-cte/j^r, but it only showed two of tlio leaps taken by tho 1 water in its descent; ; The . present illustration is comploto.;---; It . is from a i-liotograplr by Burton Brothers, of rlunedin./ ; A desertion of tlio falls appears under a special -heading. ' ' . OUR ACTISf! OOVERXOhl SIR^WILT.IA^r F. C'i ROISIXSOX, O.C.M.fi. ? Dimiuo the absence; o^frSir Henry Brougham Loch, who leaves for London? in .March, with Lady -Lqch, on a six months' holiday/ [the; government oT Victoria; will bo nthuiiiistered by Sir^ William IV; G. Robinson, who comes In Victoria from Soifth Australia. ', , Under' ordinary circum-'; stances, when the Ooyerrior; obtains leave of absence the dormant commission comes into force, but in this ? case the ? Secretary of State for. the Colonies has availed himself of the presence in Australia of Sir -.William Robinson to instal an Imperial servant in the vacant place.. '^ The 'dormant . commission' is helcj by Sir William Sta\ypll, the lieutenant governor, who is not ..-; at! present in; good health, and is understood to bo contemplating a trip to tho old country ; after him comes the Chief Justice, who would net. if tho lieutenant-governor wero away. Sir William Robinson's first governorship was ait Doininica..iij; 1805, sinco which time lie has hold a iuimbor of iinportant; appointments, viz.— Falkland Isles, 18(»G ; T'rinco Edward Island, .1873; Leeward Islands, 1874 ; Western Australia, 3874 ; Straits Settlements, 1877 ;( Western Australia,' ]8S0 ; and South Australia, 1882, his term of scrvico in which colony is just expiring. ?( ; / THE STATUE OF GENERAL GORDON. A bronze statue of Glenoral Gordon, soldier and Christian hcro.isboingmadebyMr. HamoThornycroft,T?.A., forerec tion in Trafalgar-square, to the order of the Imperial Parlia ment, and a du plica to of .it is ,to come to Melbourne, the puvchaso-money having boen raised by public subscription. The Art Journal £ov December contains an engraving of tne statue, tho figure of tlio sculptor being introduced to indicate the colossal propprtions of tho work. From the lotterpreas accompanying the engraving, wo mako the tollowing extract :-f—4t The hero's character, once under stood, stands confessed as ''of thev simplest and sanest kind. J1's almost fatalistic religious position once granted, his premiss of the comparative relation of this iifo to the next o»co allowed, his conduct appears most clearly and severely logical ; other men havo had strong religious faith, but Have, heaped inconsistency on inconsistency in thbir conduct — bordon was noVer 'inconsistent .-with himself, -never wavered in his linofof conduct. Though ho may be called a. mystic, he was nofc given to speculation ; lie was essen ™uy a doer, not a- dreamer. This exceptional character °' J»s subject Mr. jThorny croft oithoi' has missed, or has avoided, as impossible of expression within his limits. He f r.8lVi0U wnat may bo callod tho ? run-and-r'oad ' version rj Uo«l°». but, that once said, it must be added he has Mvon it with discretion and success. Tho Gordon of tho statue (whichis of .bronze, and and about twico life-size) ,,* ™isomo, pensive, solitary-seeming man, with certain ?nn and d°corations which suggest tho most vridely ] J V.n ..Points of his story. Ho is in undress (suggesting » ciiaiiko of display) ; ho carries no weapon, but ho wears tho ? w fiol-1-g1's» B'i'S on his shoulder, and ho holds of hi TV11 Vftttan can°» 'the wand of victory,' in tho curvo cm™? loffcT,an». which lies across his breast, tho hand on f, nS.ftfBiblo ; his right avmis raised, tho elbow resting nrorm? efA lmnd nml tho Biblo, and tho closed hand toofWi tho cllln '* »° ia planted firmly on his right cloi&n; .ho re«ts his left on a broken cannon (which is, n8'D'088' intended to Rymboliao his hatred of war, except nieftna sonietinios to attain tlio cuds of justico and iS^\ ? f S^Ve f?° good -a Piece o£ wol'k that we cannot but i wish it had'been-better-jifc is, to iise^tlie^ common phrase so 'very like ' Gordon, that, we regret rill 'eileSSP f,ad 11(?fc.tbee» carried deeper, and been a revelation of the spirit of the man. --Aa-iUs, the statue seems to us to be m sculpture whatthT anecdotical biography is in literature ; it seeks to give a presentment of its subject by illustrative detail' rather than' bv an imagmativo attempt by. look and attitude to express the soul. Jho statuo is prose, so to say— very good, verv pleasant prose, but still prose— when we should have liked, and -the subject demanded, poetry, which tho sculptor has shown elsewhere ho is able to give. On the ri«lit and left sides of tho pedestal (in designing which Mr. Thornycrof t ' has received the assistance of Mr. Watorhouse) are alle gorical bronze panels in low relief, that on the left syin bohsmg Charity and Justice, and that on the right Fortitude and Faith. # The figures are vigorous and dignified ; they liave been poetically conceived -, lovingly modelled. Wlion all.. is said, it niust be considered that the statue and its adjuncts constitute one of the best public monuments London can show.' We are. indebted to another source for tho decorations on the pedestal. WILD DOG IIUNTINO. Wnii) dog hunting was and still is in many parts o£ Aus tralia not only a /rather . exciting sport but also a very lucrative one. In most districts as much as 20.?. are paid per scalp by the stock boards. Trapping is, of course, one of the most cftectual modes of dealing with the pest, but the wonderfully keen scent that the dingo possesses makes it necessary that the -trap (a doublo-springcd'«in- triin) when being sot shall bo handled as little as possible, the springs being pressed down with tho feet and the plate sot in position by means of a hooked stick. It is usual before setting a trap to .rido along a pad or a fence drawing a trail after one for a mile or two, the trail consisting of either a singed sheep's fleece or head. This trail attracts any dogs crossing it. After setting, the trap it is a good plan to sprinkle leaves over and around the place Where the/trap is covered up. Set fire to these and leave the sheep's head or bit of fleece among the ashes. Wild dogs seem not to be able to resist scratching about old camp fires, and by this means fre quently get caught. In riding a dingo down one requires a fairish bit of horseflesh under one, especially in scrub country. Where there arc wire-fences about, hunted dogs seem to possess enough cunning to makestraight ? for the nearest whcii too hard pushed, doubling continually, and.in courso of tinio wearying out even tho cleverest of stock horses. Our artist has depicted a couple in full cry after a dingo who is racing for the fence, with tongue -out, cars' \back, and tail down, for ho. is evidently getting done. Tho, -hot-headed youngster on the gvoy has 'allow oil himself to get too near the fence at top-speed, with the result that ho is in to and over it, 'to the no sinall surprise of both him-, solf and steed, and 'the ultimate . destruction of tho dog, :iwh6,'is'bvoiitually brought' to grass by a lucky swing of the stirrup-iron. Tliero is nothing so weird as the howl of the dingo in the mallee, on moonlight nights especially. They ./appear to be answering oriefanotlier from eveiy point of the compass. Sometimes a whole family join together in one horrifying chorus. ' ' . THE MOUNTAINS OF MILNE DAY, NEW GUINEA. This sketch by Mr. Hume Nesbit forms part of the series which was begun in the Christmas number of The SketcJicr. Mr. Nosh it, in .'his notes, -says that the mountains of Milne Bay aro, lofty., and .difficult of ascent, with vast forests clothing their sides, about' which'tho clouds continually hover,' with'' 'frequent showers falling. The atmospheric eflects in Milne Bay aro nearly- always like those of a spring day, shadows chasing tho sunshine over the rippling sur face, with flying patches of silver light and cool reaches of grey darkness alternating with one another, whiio across the sharp angles of the hills the straight ray-shafts pour and lose their, lustre in tho purple depths of the valleys and gorges. Treacherous races of man-hunters peoplo these shores, unreached as yet by the savage-subduing influunco of tho missionary. It is a place whence come fearful murmurs of murder and atrocity, , a ghost and assassin haunted land, yet beautiful to look upon, and full of promise for future adventurers when it is opened up. A IimtXL SCENE .'IN SAMOA. Tub Samoan islands, which are at present the theatre of a little war, stirred up by the meddlesome Germans, who want a pretext for annexing them, are said to bo tho loveliest, most agreeable, and productive of all the South Sea croups. ' Such is the fertility of the soil that the cul tivation of tropical plants yields abundant returns, and the means of subsistence are, perhaps! more easily obtained here than in any other part of the world.' 'All the : islands,' says Wallace, in his A mt ralasia, '.* are volcanic,- I '''and their appearanco is said to be enchanting, fine fertile , plains extondihst to tho foot of the wooded hills.' Upolu, ; on which tho capital Apia is situated, is the chief, though \ not the largest island. It is there that the fighting is coin'' on, the issue to bo settled being' whether the inhabi tants are to havo a king pf their own choosing or must remain content with the ono put.. over them by tho Ger mans who last year made a prisoner of tho lawful ruler, | and deported him to Europe Tho Samoans, if let alone, j would live a quiet, easy life. Though they are but slightly I civilised and havo many hard customs, on the whole their lives are not unhappy, and there would be no warfare and bloodshed wore tho Germans to withdraw thoir ships and let tho noonlo alone. Tho Samoan islands are situated in tho tropics, to tho north of Tonga and tho north-east of Fiji, and tho Sydnoy and San Francisco mail stoamerspass within view of them each trip. ? RAILWAY STATION SKETCHES. RAILWAY STATION SKETCHES. THE! SUTHERLAND FALLS, M1LFORD SOUND. THE! SUTHERLAND FALLS, M1LFORD SOUND. OLR ACTING GOVERNOR, SIR WILLIAM F. C. ROB1SSON, O.C.M.G. OLR ACTING GOVERNOR, SIR WILLIAM F. C. ROB1SSON, O.C.M.G. CIIAUirV. AND JOSTLE. (I'KPKsTAL) CIIAUirV. AND JOSTLE. (I'KPKsTAL) Foanri:nK and faith. (? K:»l tTAl. ) Foanri:nK and faith. (? K:»l tTAl. ) MR.. IIIOBKYCItOFl'd STATUE OF GEXE1IAL GORDON. QF W11ICU A DUl'UCATE IS TO BE . ERECTED IN WELEOURKE. THE ARTIST AT WORK. MR.. IIIOBKYCItOFl'd STATUE OF GEXE1IAL GORDON. QF W11ICU A DUl'UCATE IS TO BE . ERECTED IN WELEOURKE. THE ARTIST AT WORK. ''^V f%:^^ -?-(/,,.. ?? s- - - ?? - ??%' '.^nnNLTOHT DINGO CONOEItT. ? 4.^0AnaWB. ' ' C-lttblNQ DOWN THE DINa6-THE U3B OF THE STinRDr-IRON. G.-SETTI^Ea u^.i^u.acBNT.- .A—8BTTINQ THK THAI. '? 7,— THE CONSEQUENCES OP HEEDLESS MDINO. WILD DOG HUNXINO. ''^V f%:^^ -?-(/,,.. ?? s- - - ?? - ??%' '.^nnNLTOHT DINGO CONOEItT. ? 4.^0AnaWB. ' ' C-lttblNQ DOWN THE DINa6-THE U3B OF THE STinRDr-IRON. G.-SETTI^Ea u^.i^u.acBNT.- .A—8BTTINQ THK THAI. '? 7,— THE CONSEQUENCES OP HEEDLESS MDINO. WILD DOG HUNXINO. THE MOUNTAINS OF MILN'K BAY, NEW GUINEA. THE MOUNTAINS OF MILN'K BAY, NEW GUINEA. A RURAL SCENE IX SAMOA. A RURAL SCENE IX SAMOA. 