Oddities of Chinese Travel. While travelling among the Chinese, I' called them good-humoured; but a. stranger might'not think so, seeing them for the first time. On the contrary, the state of things seems to be bordering on a riot. The energy that lies latent in a Chinaman, waiting to be developed and manifested by a discussion on cash, is simply incalculable. As we coolly regard this throng of half dressed, yellow.-coloured people, we see chance acquaintances, who have run against one another for half-an-hour, screaming their loudest with distorted countenances and violent gesticulations, apparently threaten ing immediate death to thbse who differ from them. It seems incredible that the subject is of no more importance than whether a` sack of potatoes or basket of fish shall-beia half farthing more or less.- . Imagine our coming suddenly into such a crowd, in a short serge jacket and big sun hat, underneath which is a pale face with beard. If the place is one where foreigners are occasionally seen, they will look up, " Hwan-kui " (foreign ghost), and after a few moments resume their employment as though we were not there. If, however, foreigners are almost unknown in those parts, we know perfectly we shall have no peace except such as we can secure by a little manoeuvring. Sometimes the landlord appears quite pleased to receive us, but now and then he seems to think we take up too much room, with the crowd who stand round to look at us. It is very entertaining to observe how excited such a crowd often becomes by the advent of a foreigner, and how rapidly the news spreads to neighbouring houses that a "foreign ghost" has arrived. Mine host stands and threatens terrible things, which he has not the smallest intention of carrying into execution. For half-an-hour he will shout and gesticulate, entreating the un tutored herd to remember the proprieties, and not crowd in- so much upon the foreign gentleman. The point of greatest interest is always reached when the traveller begins his meal. He has carried with him all he wants with the exception of rice, potatoes, hot water, and one or. two other things. The laying out of the plates, knives, and forks is a great mystery. Much questioning goes on as to the way of using them. They beg, to know the reason why we prefer to employ a man to carry all our apparatus for dinner, instead of using their bowls and chopsticks. The spoon and fork, apparently made of solid silver, greatly astonishes them, and the traveller is ready enough to own that they are not silver at all. When we lift our food to our mouth many hands move in a similar way, as they say quietiy to one another, "Look. He is doing like this." Standing so closely round our small table that we feel inconvenienced, we entreat them to give us breathing room while we dine, and afterward we will talk to them. Many voices break forth with pleasure at our speaking to them. ' The foreigner speaks our words," says one ; -"-Yes, let him eat," says another; " Stand back, you man with out propriety," says a third, whose zeal for good manners is evidently due only to his desire to secure a front place. At such a time one is almost always ques tioned in the same way. The most trivial and ridiculous questions are asked. The inquiries they make of a foreigner are such as they commonly make among themselves. "How far is it to your ancestral home? Are your venerable parents living? How many sons have you? Was your linen made in China or in England? How do you get it so white? How are marriages arranged among the foreign children? What is your income ?" A little mild banter is much appreciated by the crowd, but brings out a more rapid fusillade of questions. In the country places about Amoy I have been asked very fre quently, "Where is the country where the people have one leg, one arm, one eye, and where there are only women ? Have you seen these lands ?" What the origin of these notions is it is hard to say. Perhaps some Chinese Baron Munchausen or Dean Swift wrote a burlesque book of travels, which has in the course of time been accepted as authentic by a people who have so many centuries stayed at home. In China every traveller carries his bedding with him; in the daytime it helps to pack the carb, or is laid, by way of saddle, upon the ass. The traveller may count himself fortunate if he can find in some. -Mutual Prosperity or Heavenly Union hotel a toler able room in which to rest. On the great roads, and the recognised stages, the inns are pretty sure to be decent, but elsewhere they are often wretched. In those of the better sort, there is gener ally an eating-house or tea-shop on one side of the large door leading inte the yard. The shop faces the street, and is connected with the cook-house and private rooms of the landlord. At this end, too, are the rooms occupied by the carters and others. Passing through the great door, the visitor finds himself in a large unpaved yard, with build. ings all round it. On one side are, perhaps, six or eight guest rooms, little boxes about 12 ft. square, with paper in'place of glass for windows, doors which do not fit, and through the openings of which wind aind dust find their way. A very ricketty old chair, and an equally decrepid table are the only furniture,, the bed being simply a brick or mud platform filling nearly half the little room, and raised about 2 ft. from the floor. Underneath it is a flue, into which, in cold weather, dry grass or other fuel is pushed and fired, the heat and smoke passing in a zigzag line just under the surface of the couch, and finally escapinmg up a vent in the wall. Other fire-places there are none; and if, as often happens, the chimney should be foul, the warm bed is but a poor compensation for smarting eyes and partial suffocation. But there are other rooms sometimes at the top of the yard, and it is always an object to secure them, as they are a trifle larger and cleaner, and probably in better repair. The charges are moderate, from 100 to 200 cash per night-about Is. \--with extras for food and gratuities to servants. 