Children's Column. PROFESSOR DRUMMOND TO GLAS- GOW BOYS, The Geography, Arithmetic, and Grammar of a Christian Life• On Sunday afternoon Professor Henry Drummond delivered a sermon to the Eastern Division of the Glasgow Battalion of the Boys' Brigade on the occasion of the annual church parade. The gathering took place in the City Hall. Selecting as hie text the words " Seek, ye first the Kingdom of God and His righteousness, and all these things shall be added unto you,' Professor Drummond announced as the three heads of hia address Geography, Arithmetic, Grammar, Geography he'said, tells us where to find places. Where is the kingdom of God ? It is said that in the Franco- .Prussian war when a Prussian soldier was killed a map of France was very often found in his pocket. When we are going to occupy a country it is well that we should know the geography of it. Where, then, is the kingdom of God 1 I hear a boy saying that it is in Heaven. No ; it is not there. Another that it is in the Bible. No. A third that it is in the Church. No. .Heaven is the capital of it, the Bible is the guide to it, and the Church is the weekly parade of those who belong to it. If you will turn up a chapter in Luke jou will find out where it is. ' The kingdom of God is within you'—that is the geography of the kingdom of God. What is the kingdom of God? Every kingdom, you know, has its imports and its exports. Go down to the river here and you will find ships coming in laden with cotton ; they come from America. You will find ships with tea ; they come from China. You will find ships with sugar ; they come fTom Java. What comes from the kingdom of God l We must go to this book and turn it up, and we shall find there what it is, ' The kingdom of God is righteousness, peace, joy '—three things. The boy who does right has the kingdom of God within him. The boy who, instead of being quarrelsome, lives at peace with every one, whose heart is glad, who is filled with joy at doing what is right, has the kingdom of God within him. The kingdom of God is not going to religiouB meetings, and having startling religious experiences. It is doing what is right, being filled with joy in the Holy Ghost. Be Christians aB boys, not as your fathers and your mothers. Your mother is a Christian as a mother, your grandmother as a grandmother, and if you cannot sit and read your Bible by the hour as your grandmother does, do not think you are a bad boy. By and by you will have your grandmother's kind of religion. Meantime, be a Christian as a boy, do the straight thing, seek the kingdom of God and His righteousness, never quarrel, be at peace with the boys about you, and be filled with the joy of being a servant of Christ. You can easily tell the shop or the house where the kingdom of God is not the first thing. You see that the straight thing is not done. Your master promises you a rise in wages ; you are going to get seven-and-sixpence, instead of five shillings. Next Saturday you ask for it. 1 Oh,' he says, I didn't think you needed it.' Now that is not right ; the kingdom of God is righteousness. Or when you go into the shop in the morning you find everybody sulky aud at daggers drawn with everybody else—you can't speak to them. The kingdom of God is peace ; the kingdom of the devil is quarrelling. If you want the kingdom of God in your 6hop let the quarrelling get out, and let peace and harmony and God come in. Now you have seen what the kingdom of God is. The second head is Arithmetic, ' Seek ye. first the kingdom God and all these things shall be added unto you.' Lots of Arithmetic, you see. Now don't think that you could have anything better than to seek first to do what is right, to live at peace and be happy. Never niind these if you know anything better, happier, purer, nobler ; but if you do not, then seek first the kingdom of God, I am not here to tell you to be religious, I am not here to tell you to seek the kingdom of God, but I have come to tell you to seek it first. Not many people do that. They put religion in any place—once a week perbap3 ; but I tell you it is not worth Beeking unless we seek it first. Suppose we took _ the helm of a ship and hung it over the bow and sent it to sea, would it ever land on the other side ? Keep religion in its place, it would guide you safe through life and take you straight through the gates of Heaven when life is over ; but if you do not put it in its place have nothing to do with it. Boys, carry that away •with you, put the kingdom of God in the first place. " Seek first the kingdom of God, and all these things shall be tdde-d unto you.' You all know the difference between addition and subtraction, There is not one here who does not, That is a very important difference in icligion, It is a very strange thing that very few people know it. They always tell boys that if they seek the kingdom of God it will be substraction. They will be gloomy and miserable : they will have to -stop playing football and reading all those nice storybooks, and spend all their spare time in singing hymns. Now, tlat is not true ; it is not in the Bible ; everything else is to be added unto you. I do not mean that you will become rich. To-morrow morning a boy finds a sixpence lying amongst the orange boxes in the shop. It belongs to nobody, pcd the boy puts it in his pocket. But by-snd-bye it begins to burn a hole in his pocket. He says to himself, I was at the Boys'Brigade yester -day, and I was told to seek that which was right, and and he gives the sixpence to his master. What has the boy in lis pocket then? Nothing; but he has the kingdom of God in his heart, and that is worth a great deal moie than sixpence. Now, lastly, and very shortly—Grammar. What is the verb? ' Seek,' what mood I Imperative. A soldier's first lesson is obedience. Have you obeyed the command ? Remember the imperative mood. ' Seek first the kingdom of God." It must be done. I have been trying to show you what a happy thing it is,but beyond that it iiust be done, because we have been commanded to do it by our Captain, I know some boys are saying we are going to have a good time first ; we are going to seek last thekingdom of God. Now it is shabby of boys to take all the good gifts and give nothing to God but the \- dregs of a wasted life. But, besides, very few people have an opportunity to seek the kingdom of God at the •end of life. Christ, who knew that we need Him for our lives and not for our deathbeds only, has laid down this command, 1 Seek first the kingdom of God. I will leave yofi with the text itself. Before you go to Bleep to-night^before you go to the Sunday-Bchool, before you go out at the door of the City Hall, resolve that, Go 1 ! helping jou, you are going to seek first the kingdom of God. Seme boys here are deserters; come back to-day. You are all old enough to decide, and the grandest .moment of a boy's life ia the moment when he decides to seek the kingdom of God. 