DEPARTURE OF UR. WILL. MCILWRAITH. The pisiengera for the Qoette, now on her ' voyage from Brisbane to London, left the wharf late last night by the tender Dolphin, The company included Mr. Will. Mcilwraith, with bia daughter Mica M'llwraitb. and his ' eldest eon Mr. Thoa. M'llwraith. In cooee ' quence of the lateness of tba hour at whioh the tender Bailed only a few of Mr. M'llwraith'i closest friends were on the wharf to bid him good-bye. The tender would reach the Quetta early this morning, and that steamer 1 is expected to sail in the course of this fore- noon. The following is a copy of a letter Mr. ! M'llwraith received yesterday from Mr. R. i R. Dawbaru, rw-crrtary to the Rockhampton j Chamber of Commerce :-" The Committee I of this Chamber, becoming aware of your in i tention to visit Europe, met to day, and unanimously paused the resolution which ! follows: 'That Mr. William M'llwraith be I invited to represent the Chamber of Com j merce in Great Britain or elsewhere where be ; may visit during hie travels.' Knowing the I deep interest you take in the town of Rock ! hampton, and of the Central District of Queenaland, and of your ample knowledge of their features and interests, the Committee regard you as specially fitted to represent the Chamber, and ft is hoped that you «ill ac- cept their invitation.-I have the honour to I be, your obedient servaut, Robt. R. DAW IIJRN, Secretary." To this Mr. M'llwraith replied as follows:- ' 8ir, I have very much pleasure in accepting j the invitation of the Kock hampton Chamber , ot Commerce to represent them aa occasion I may offer during my vieit to the old country, and elsewhere. I am going away to re- cuperate my health, which has suffered recently from overwork and nervous de- pression, and although that be the principal object of my holiday, I shall enjoy it ali the more if I think I will be able to assist Rock- hampton and the Central District in recover- ing from the depression under which their commercial interests are sufferiog at present. I will be a walking advertisement for the industries of Rockhampton and the Central District. Happily I have a good connection with the Press of the old country, and you I may be assured that I will lose no oppor- tunity of bringing the trade and commerce of the particular portion of the colony in which ¡ I am interested under the notice of those who may be iuduoed to take an interest in them. I am hopeful that a turn in affairs will have taken place here long before my return, and I would be very ' glad indeed if I could be the means, in i j any wa;/of accelerating the progress of the town and district towards increased pros I perity. Though I have taken three return tickets for myself and members of my family I by the nritieh-Iodia steamers, it does not j follow that I will come back by that route. ' The recent vieit of Sir Thomas M'llwraith to ¡ China and Japan has directed attention to the ; increased commercial relationship that may ! ' be created between Queensla- id and those 1 cnuutrien ; and if an opportunity should offer 1 for me to visit India (which is becoming one I of the largest wheat-exporting countries in j the world), or Japau (the mstetial prosperity < of which is a feature of the present century), i I shalt embrace it. Io any event, I shall do \ all that 1 can during my absence to promote i the interests of Rockhampton ; and I only j hope my desire will be imitated by others ; connected with it, whose ability to promote : those interests in a practical way ÍB greater ! than mine.-I have the honour to be, Sir, yours very truly, WILL. M'ILW&AITH.;" I The members of the Central Queensland Caledonian Society met in the Fire Brigade Hall on Wednesday evening to enter I tain their President Mr. Will. M «Il wraith, ; on the eve of his departure from Bock. 1 ) hampton for a visit to tbe old oountry ; j and to wish him a pleasant trip and I a safe and speed/ return amongst them. In ! | honour of the occasion the Hall had been '. hung with flags and gay streamers, and with j the long table tastefully decorated with flowers, Ac, presented a very attractive I appearance, fome fifty gentlemen were pre ; sent, Mr. A. Metkle, vice-president, being in I the chair. After the usual loyal toast, Mr. MEIEUE said he had now to propose the ! toast ot the evening "Our Ouest, Mr. I William* Mcilwraith." At they all knew, Mr. Mcilwraith was leaving them for a few j months on a visit to tbs old oountry, and : they had taken the present opportunity of ! showing the high estimation in which they I held bim. The events of the last few days : had shown that they were not alone io i esteeming him ; but that he had won the ! respect of all those who knew him- alike in i his capacity as a citizen ; os Kditor of the I Morning Bulletin and Oapricornian, and i as an employer. It had been seen I that those who knew him best thought most I highly of him, but lt was as Caledonians they [ were there that night to abow their President 1 how highly they appreciated the serviaet be 1 had rendered them In connection with their : aociety. Mr. Meikle then went on to apeak cf the founding of the Society by Mr. M'll wraith, the late Mr. John Headrlck, himself, and a few others, and how unwearying Mr. M'llwraith had alwaya been In furthering and promoting itt best Interests. Bow his deep end extensive knowledge of the history, literature, and traditions of Scotland Were a constant source of instruction and delight to the members. Be (Mr. Meikle) was only torry that he had not that faolUty aa a tpeaker which would enable bim to dilate on Mr. M'llwraith'a aervicee to the Society aa they deterved ; but most of them were so ! fully aware of those eervioes that this wal ' not of ao much consequence, and he knew that be had only to propose "Our President, I a pleasant trip home, and a safe return to i him," to have the toast drunk with all the honours. The toast, which was en I thnsiastically received, waa drunk with 1 musical honours. '. Mr. M'ILWRÍITS, who rose amidst loud j applause, aaid it waa impossible for him to j fail to appreciate the hearty way in which they had just expressed their feelings, and be ! could only say that he thanked them for their , kindness, which he was not likely soon to I forget. Whatever fie might bave been able ; to do for the promotion of the interests nf the Society had been to him an unmixed pleasure. Mr. M'llwraith then went on to show how such a society tended to promote and en- courage the etudy and appreciation of the language and literature of their native land, and showed how worthy the language and literature of Scotland wat ol auch study. The great and triumphant struggle of their forefathers for liberty, was a thing which as Scotchmen they could be justly proud of. But its lessons wore alike valuable for other times and countries ; and were sn encouragement for all men everywhere who dared to boldly stand up for what they believe to he right. However pleatant a time he might have in revisiting the boonie bills they all loved, he could assure them that he was not likely to forget the pleasure their kind- ness that evening had given him, and he trusted that by St. Andrew's Day he would have returned, and that they would then have another social evening together. The other tosBts were "Our Native Land," by Or. Macdonald ; " The Land we live io," by Mr. Edgar; *' The old Members," by Mr. Kidston, and " Scottish Lasset," by Mr. Nicol. Mr. J. C. Johnstone proposed "The Strangers," coupled with the name of Mr. 8. W. Hartley. Mr. Hartley, in responding, expressed the pleasure he bad in being present on such an occasion. Hit only regret wee that he had to be classed amongst the strangers ; it would give him very great Sleasure indeed were lt possible to eoome a member of auch a society. He oould not fail to be pleased with the very warm expressions of «hair feelings for hts friend and partner Mr. MHwrelth, end from j bia own intimate rel attona with that gentle I maa, for the last five years, be wai in a I wtition both to undera tana and appreciate, the feelings they had expressed " Be 1 thanked them again for their kindness, and particularly for their kindnesa U permitting tim io be present that night. The érenlos wu enlivened with nonga irom Meura. Cousins, Finlay »on, Kerr, Colquhoun, M'Lean, Nixon, Edgar, and Nicol, and wee brought to ft cloee by the whole company einging 41 Auld Lang Syne." « The following linea are by Profeasor Maquorn Haukeu : Put forth your foroe, my iron horse, with UmbB that never tins. Thc bea- of oil shall feel your joints, and the beat ol {mis yottt flee ; 80 off we tear, from Euston Square, to beat the swift east wind. As we nttle along (be north west rall with the express train behind. Dann alone, crash atong, sixty miles an hour, Rieht through oM England flee ; For 1 am bound Q seo my love, Far away tn the north countree. Like a train of ghosts, the telegraph posts, go whirling mnd trooping foy, While one by oae (be milestones mo, and off behind us fly; Like foaming wine, It fires my blood, to see your lightning speed, Anthia's race ne'er matched your pace, my gallant steam born steed. Wheel along, squetl along, sixty miles an hoar, Klint throuiíh old England flee. For I am bound to sie my love, Far away In tbe north countree. I Hy blessing OD George Stephenson, lethia lame forever last, For he was the man that found the plan, to make you run so fast ; Bis arm was strong, his bead waa long, be knew not gulle nor fear, When 1 think ol Win tt makes me proud, that I am an engineer. Tear along, flare along, sixty miles an hour, Hight through old England flee, For 1 am bound to see roy love, Far away lo the north countree. Now Thames and Trent ate tar behind, and evening shades are come ; Before mv eyes the brown hills rise that guard my true love's boue. Even now she stands my own dear isas, beside tbe cottage door, And ehe llstctiB for the whistle shrill, and the blast pine's rattling roar. Bell along, bowl along, sixty mlle« an hour. Bight through old England flee. For I «rn bound to see my love. At hams in the north oountree. 