CHAPTER IL COIiOKKL FOETH, Tka *nA«tnIni« iL. .l.. me uiorfliag wh one titer SUB storm; oas of those blue-skied, bright mornings when the air is fresh and exhilarating, and the .till wet leave* glisten in the snn. And at 8 o'clock precisely, Colonel Forth, the oocupler of the little home in the garden in Headfort's Hlph-street, and the father of France* and Both Forth, descended to the dining-room, and frowned severely when he fonnd that breakfast was not as ready for him as he was for breakfast.^ It was a neat small room in which the irate Colonel seated himself, looking extremely injured, and gUnoing angrily at the almoit empty table; a room in which there were nut evidetees of a woman's taste and skill Blattered around. Bnt the break test-table, it mat be admitted, did not look .particu larly Inviting, The oloth was eoiled. the knivi . and forks irregularly laid, and the breac-plate unevenly placed opposite the ecanty len nants of a ham. "Where are the glrli," thought the Colonel,, indignantly. . "Absurd that girls can't be; 'down at' 8 to see' after things, Initmfl of leaving them to that useless slat they've got now. Utterly absurd 1" And he rose and rang the bell violently, and a few momenta - later a rather frightened-looking young, woman pnt her not over-clean faoe in at the open door. "Are the young ladies not ready yet,. Satan?" asked the Colonel, sharply. "Go. and rap at Miss Bath's door and tell her I'm waiting for breakfast." Susan vanished to obey his behest, and the> Colonel returned to hi* seat, wondering what was the nse oi daughters. " They are nothing bnt an expense, that'a> the troth," he reflected, sourly ; " boys are. some nse and can make their way In the world; but jaat look at Frances, she's five and-twenty and still unmarried, and has cost me a fortnne, absolutely a fortune; and with' her good looks she ought to ha*e done some thing by this tine, bnt she hasn't." He was a cross-grained man, and always had some pet ill-ohanoe to groan over. He bad only retired from the service some sir months ago, and had done so with nmch. bitterness of spirit. Bat he had been obliged to go, as hiB time was up, and he believed he had been an irreparable loss to his regimentr he regiment, however, taking a somewhat opposite view. However, he had to leave, and he thought it a great hardship, and had now grumbled abont it over a year-six monthB before he retired, and six months after. "A man in the prime of life," he said many a time to his family and friends, and thought many a time as he looked at his own visage in the glass. ThiB visage was not handsome, going by the ordinary standards of humanity. He was a red-faced man, with large features, and small green-grey, irasoible eyes, with very light eye-lasnes and shaggy light brows. He had been reddish- haired, out the colour was, in his fiftieth year, fast fading into grey. And he looked so thoroughly ill-tempered that people said that Colonel Forth never had a good word for any one, and people as a rule oer tainly returned 4he compliment. He was a widower with two daughters,, and his marriage had been a mistake. He had married a handsome girl for her beauty, and the beauty bad soon waned, and the poor - woman bad nothing left tofaubaok upon, for she had neither mental nor monetary attractions, and the Colonel felt that he haa thrown himself away, and was not above broadly hinting this to his wife. Perhaps she took his insinuations to heart; but she died early, and then Colonel Forth grumbled at ber loss. How was he to bring up his two girls ? he - said, and in troth he was not a fit person to do so, Tbej had gone about with the regi ment and picked up some sort of education, and Frances Forth nad had many lovers, but,. as her father often thought, nad thrown away her opportunities, and at 25, when he had been obliged to retire bom active ser vice, she was still unmarried. She laoked (it was said) a certain quality, which is to a fail woman as the setting to the gem. Be this aa it may, her beauty was undeniable, and in his secret heart Colonel Forth was proud of ' his fair daughters. But he railed at them, as he railed at all things, and no doubt also found them a heavy expense. When he had to seek a settled home for them after he left the regiment he fixed on Headfort, for one reason beoause he bad aa for another the houseswere cheap there,'ank for a third the place possessed a fort and a small garrison. He bad been a soldier all his life, and he felt that neither he nor the girls could exist withont the familiar sights - and sounds. But he fonnd it dull, very dull. Acoustomed to aotive work, a strict offioer,. and a man who went into the smallest details about everything, he did not know what to do with his time in this quiet place. "A confounded gossiping plaoe, too," thie Colonel deaignatea Headfort before he had - been there a couple of months. The iforths were indeed naturally muoh talked of; this girls were handsome, and there were other girls who were ready to fling a stone at their new neighbours, and wonder what people saw - in them to admire. " But then the old Colonel is always run ning after the men and asking them to the - bouse," they wonld say; and they thus ? accounted for the fact that the officers of the Sarrison were very frequently to be seen in . liss Forth's pretty drawing-room, For It was pretty, though MissSilliard, the banker'a daughter, wondered how they oonld oontrive to turn round in it. But Miss Hilliard lived in one of the big houses of Headfort, and naturally looked down on the dimensions of Colonel Forth's small one. But in the meanwhile, Susan, the young.: housemaid of the establishment having by the Colonel's command rapped at Miss Bath's door, now returned to the dining-room where her master sat fuming. "Ob, please, sir. Miss Ruth said I was to say she would be down directly, but she had - been so put about by the thunder; and > please, sir. she sent the hey, and said yoa were to make tea, and not to wait" " To wait! No, I should think- not, Con found it," roared the Colonel, his red faoe turning to a verailllon tint aa he snatched the key of the tes-oaddy from Susan's hand; and while he was proceeding to make tea for himself, his youngest daughter walked into the room in a white dressing-gown, with her soft, pretty light-brown hair rolled up in a somewhat disorderly knot at the top of her head. "I am sorry I am late, father," she said, in a sweet, low-toned voice; "but the storm last night frightened me so." "Absurd 1 Why should the storm frighten you? Ruth, is there no baoon, or eggs, or something fit to eat; or am I expected to breakfast on dry bread ?" " I will see about it," answered Ruth, and ' she went into the kitohen to order her father's breakfast, and after a little while the Colonel was able to appease his appetite, pausing once or twioe while doing so, however, to look disapprovingly on the pretty faoe opposite to - him. " What's the matter with you, Ruth, this morning?" he presently asked, sharply, still eyeing his daughter. " Ton look as if you'd seen a ghost or something, I declare you do! You are a pretty washed-out looking oreature." " The storm was so dreadful,'' *aid Eutb,. while a deep wave oi colour stole to the white face ber father was finding fault with, " The storm! Fiddle-de-dee! What barm . could the storm do yoa ? It's cleared the air, and a very good thing, too; I declare, you girls are no better than oowards." '"I am always afraid-I cannot help it" "You got it from your poor mother, I believe; she was one of those nervous, ridi onions women whD are afraid of everything. Was Frances afraid, too f *' Yes; I am going to take her breakfast up now." "Absurd, girls lying in bed to breakfast, utterly absurd. I like to see girls oome down to breakfast in neat morning gowns, and not bedgown* like that white thug you have on." \- " Well, Tm generally dressed, father; but I em late this morning." " Late, I should think so," and the Colonel looked at bis watch. " By-the-bv, Bath. I saw Seaforth last night in the billiard room, and be said he was going to oallthia morning aboat yon and Frances driving over with him to Sndley to- morrow, so I asked himtolanoh; therefore yon had better see abont ordering something decent, and get off that bedraggled article yon are wearing." .... t ftgfcfa Bnth blushed deeply* but this time she made no answer. Nevertheless she at once obeyed her father's orders. She went upstairs and told her sister, who was still in bed, that Mr. Seaforth was ooming to lanoh; and they oonsnlted together what would be suitable for that repast. Then Bath ohanged her dressing-gown for a pale-blue morning gown j and .presently went into the garden, and began outting BOUO floww from tiio dashed rosebushes and geraniums. They were still wet, and the bright flower-leaves lay thickly on the soaked earth > and while she was doing this a young man in nndreBS uniform rode past the railings in front, and on seeing Bnth in the garden at once drew rein. " Good morning, Miss Ruth," he said, in a Sleaeant cheery voice, "I'm ooming in to lanoh y-and-by, d'ye know; the Colonel asked me.' "Iknow," answered Buth, with a bright . smile and a blush, and she carried her flowers clone to the railings. " What an awful storm we had last night," continued the young man on the horse, look ing with jib smiling eyes at the girl's down cast face. "D'ye know, I thought of yon, M{bs Buth, and wondered if you were in a fright!" \- "You might have been sore I was, ? answered Ruth. , *' Yon told me you hated it, bat you ye got some very jolly flowers still-I wonder if yoa would spare one a rose?" Buth laughed, and her laugh was sweet and low, like her voice. " Holloa 1" This was suddenly addressed to a man in a groom's dress, who was seen approaching up the street at some distance. " Here's my servant, Miss Buth. I say, d'ye think 1 might let him take my horse and come in now instead of after? it's awfully jolly in the garden here, and we oan have a chat till the Colonel arrives." "If you like, of oourse you can come in," answered Buth; and the young soldier at onoe dismounted and flung the reins of MB horse to his groom, and, having opened the latoh of the garden-gate, was speedily walk ing by Buth's side among the wet lilac bushes and laurels which grew round Colonel Forth's little house. . He bad a good face, tbis Kenara Seaforth, whom Colonel Forth had aBked to take lunch with his daughters, and whom the goBBipa at Headfort said he would not objeot to have for a son-in-law. A face whioh, though not absolutely handsome, impressed you favour ably as to its owner's character. .His features were straight and hiB eyes Bmiling, honest, and clear. He had, moreover, a oertain well bred look, which is not eaeily assumed. He was tall, erect, and slim, and looked very happy as he walked by Buth Ford's side, keeping somewhat nnnecessarilv olose to her slender form. An only son of General Seaforth's and a senior lieutenant in the Regiment, two companies of which were stationed at Head fort, be was supposed to be fairly well off in this world's goods, and be was a very frequent . guest at Colonel Forth's. And it was Ruth Forth, not the beautiful elder sister* whom he admired. "The splendid FranoeB," he had one day \- confided to his Bsnior offioer, Major Audley, who commanded at Headford, "is not quite to my taste somehow; Beaton raves about her; but then Beaton is a jroungster." ' Major Andley shrugged his broad shoulders before he replied, and laughed a hard short laugh, "Such women," he said senteutiously, " are certain of victims among the old and 6"^Se other sister is quite a different sort," said Seaforth, quickly. The elder man looked at the younger one's IngenuouB face somewhat curiously. " Yes," he said slowly, "she is now:" and ? he turned away, leaving Seaforth feeling unneoeBsarily atlgry. Nevertheless, hiB commanding officer's re mark had no influence on him. He was a young man who formed hts own judgment. . and it would have taken many of Major Audley's hard words to make him think ill of Buth Forth. These two seemed to under stand each other, and they met with pleasure and parted with regret. There was a little arbour at one side of Colonel Forth's garden -a homely old-fashioned spot enough-round which the lilac bushes and laburnums grew, and at Seaforth's suggestion Ruth now oarried her flower-basket there, and they sat down together, and talked light pleasant words, which yet to them were full of meaning. This dawn of love-the rosy opening of the oft bitter end-Beems ever frean and sweet, as in the garden where it first began. They looked in each other's faces, and they smiled, and all the troubles of the world seemed far \- away. It was Seaforth himself who reminded Ruth that there were other things to do '-besides sitting in the green arbour alone with > him. He very innooently mentioned (Jolonel Forth's. name, and this at once recalled to : Ruth's mind her father's orders. She sprang "to her feet, and took up her basket. ' " I must go in," she said, " and see after -some little household affairs; and the flowers want putting right on the table.' "Letmehelpyou?" asked Seaforth,smiling; but Buth shook her head. " No, you stay here," she said, "and Bmoke < if you uke. > I shall not be longand with, a 'little nod she went away; and Seaforth, having lit a cigarette, sat still thinking.of herewith his eyes fixed vaguely on a white cloud sailing over the bine sky. What a sweet girl she was, be reflected; a , girl who would help to keep a man straight, and not pull him np, nor drag him down as they >went together hand-ia-hand along the often dangerous, paths of life. It mil be seen from this that Mr. Seaforth was seriously thinking of asking : Ruth Forth to be bis companion through the doubtful, strange, and devious ways we all must tread. He had in truth almost Battled to do this. He expeoted to get his company : shortly, and-when he did so ne meant to aBk ' Buth to be his wife. Presently he rose, flung away his cigarette, ? and strolled towards a little tool-house wnioh stood a short distance from the arbour. He entered this,-and apparently began seeking \- for something among the rusty rakes and other gardening implements whioh were col lected here. But be did not find what be was looking for; and while he was-doing this, Ruth, who had arranged the flowers oa the lnnoheon table, and folded the table napkins in tasteful fashion, returned to the garden, and she grew a little pale and he breath came short when she saw Mr, Seaforth in the tool-house. He heard her step, and looked round. " Mies Both, I can't find your little spade,' * he said; "I W&B; going to amuse myself by < finishing carving your name on it; yoa knoff I only got as far as the ' i£uth' the last time ' I was here. Do you know where it ia ?" " I-I think Heat it to some one." answered Bath with faltering lips and downcast eyea . and Seaforth notioed her evident agitation with great surprise, " Well, it willc&st; up some day I suppose," he said, still looking at her. "Shall we go back to the arbour now?" And they went baok. bat to Rath Forth the sunshine seemed suddenly to have turned chill, andshe shivered (lightly as she sat. " Were yon oat in the rain fait night, Misa Bath?" asked Seaforth, kindly. "I fear you have oaught cold somehow." " No," said Bath, in a low tone; and she was thankful at this moment to peroelve her father's scarlet visage over the railings ap proaohing the garden gate; and the Colonel also was sot displeased to see his daughter sitting beBide the young soldier. "An, 8eaforth, ia that you?" he said as he approached them, stretching out a lean red hand adorned with long light hairs; " am I behind my time, or are you before yours?' And he looked at his watch. " I am before mine, I ezpeot, sir," answered Seaforth, with a quick blush. " Ah, it's all right, then. Buth will have been talking to yon, I suppose ? Well, come in now; yon know your way to the drawing room. I'll be down in a minute, I want to wash my hands." Mr. Seaforth knew his way to the drawing room, and speedily found himself there talk ing to the Colonel's eldest .daughter, Miaa fiances Forth. She was, no doubt, a beautiful woman, whatever spiteful or envious people chose to say to the contrary. She was tall and fair, and her form was remarkable for its grand, full beauty. She had bright ohesnat hair, a brilliant complexion, and large, radiant, smiling, hazel eyes, which had haunted many a young man's dreams. She was dressed in a deep red tea gown, elabo rately trimmed with Indian embroidery, and she held ont her slim white hand as Seaforth entered with a gracioaa smile. "So you and Buth have been ruralisingin the arbour among the caterpillars, and for getting poor me?' she said, with a certain coquettish grace, which was part of her nature. " I did not know you were downstairs. Ia your oold better " enquired Seaforth some what bluntly. " I am half-dead still," she answered, with a pretty shrng; " all the same, I am going to morrow to Colonel Fenyon's; and you are going to drive us there, are you not ?" " YeB; I hope to have that honour. Aud ley wants to go with as too," he added a moment later. Again Miss Forth shrugged her fine Bhoulders. " We might dispense with Major Audley's company for my part," she said, " unless my remark injures yonr feelings " "Oh! indeed it does not," answered Sea forth, with a laugh. " I did not know," and Frances fixed her smiling eyes on the young man's faoe. "I thought it might be a David and Jonathan kind of affair between you two-not that I quite believe, though, in the friendship of men." At this moment Rnth entered the room, and a few moments later Colonel forth appeared, " Now oome along, and let UB have some lunch," he said, wondering at the same moment if there would be anything " fit to eat." Bat when the aovers were raised and { he perceived a roasted fowl, stewed mush rooms, besides various other Dretty little | dishes, he began to beafraid that his daughter had .gone to unnecessary expense. But at all events it was a pleasant meal, though Buth Forth looked rather pale, and was somewhat silent. But the bright, bril liant Frances kept laughing and talking, and it was impossible for any one to feel dull in her company. At last Seaforth rose unwil lingly to go, after asking Buth if she would like a drive. "No, not to-day, thanks," she answered. : "I must try to keep myBelf fresh for to-mor row, and I think I have got a little oold." So the young man went away, and the ! Colonel accompanied him, and the girls looked at each other, and Buth sank wearily down on a chair. "Thankgoodness he'B gone 1" said Frances, with a yawn. " I thought he was going to stay the whole afternoon." "I don't think loan really go to-morrow, Frances," said Buth, in a low tone. " I feel as if I were going to be very ilU" "My dear, you must keep np; you must not be ill; just think hovr much depends upon it." " Yes, I know, but" "There must be no buts,' said FranoeB, energetically; " we must both go to Colonel Eenyon's to-morrow, and we must both look well; I know I mean to do so if it is in the power of art to make me." Ruth smiled feebly. "I will go and lie down then," she said, and she left the room, dragging her aohing limbs painfully upetaira, and flinging herself on her bed, when she got there, with a weary heavy sigh. 