''???-?''-???-- TH'I ?? *;- ? Lovers f^oaise, ' : HOW HARRY KEPTHIS, WOftD A TALE OB1 LIFE UN (ATTBENSLAND. -.;? '? ?- iP0UKDBIi''0N FiOP. \- ?-?' Bt H. OAKGHLL. I&IEOIAI.LY; ?WKITTEIf TOR THE CHRISTMAS BUFPLK ?,,.,; MENI OF ' TIIE TEI.EO]!AI'iI.'J .ChAPTHB . I.-7- PaETIXO AND OMEN3. 'Good-bye, dear Roso, I shall bs sure to . ejend next Ohriatmas with yon, and then— — ' Harry LonBdalo stopped, and finished the centencu with his eyo», ?which passionately de ? Toured the personal graces of tho young lady to whom he was addressing his parting worda. ??^na tnen, what?' replied Rose, half saucily, half nervously; while the flushinga of ? delicate pink diffused themsplves beneath the tiauf-paioBoy of herfeatures, tintinf? with fresh loveliness her fair faoe, and sweeping rapidly : from fort-head toneck, like the western-lit ocean in a euncot scene. ' As if you didn't know, you humbug,' re torttd Harry, laughingly. ' Why, what was that awfully serioas business conversation all . about, which I had witd your father, yoster di.y ? ? . ? ' About the new billet you've got, wasn't it?' said Eobo, in a desperately innocent tone, but blushing more deeply than ever. ' You praotiued hjpoorite !' rejoined Harry, in mock anger. ' It was about the billot, oer taiuly, but it was also ab.iut my future. Do ; you Snow that your father hus a violent desire to see me eafely married?' Eobo's only reply was to blush still more deeply, and turn her oyeB downward away from ? the glowing glanoes of her lover, while her tell tale conntenunco failed to ornoeal the deep seated emotions that thrilled her bouI. Bne loosed very pretty as she stood iu the glory of the Queensland dawn, bidding farewell to her lover, who bad been her father's gusst for many weeks past, and who had just been appointed to a far- off post, involving simo personal risk. She was tall, lithe, erect, and of graceful motion, as befitted a child of a thinly peopled land, where the pure air of nature has not beon defiled by the murky vapours of civilisation. HosoBondall was a daughter of jSew South 'Wales, her lather being one of Ihe first eettlers iu the Clarence district — those early pioneers who first subdued the virgin BCrubs, and living almost entirely on the maize they hoed in between the stumps of their earlier olearinga, reared large families of 6-foot sons, stalwart and broad-shouldered ; ?while their handsome daughters were remark able for their tondenoy to attempt to rival their brothers at least in height. Hose Kendall was tall for a woman, and over the medium, height.of Anglo-Saxon manhood. Sha was neither fair nor dark, but possessed that inde ecribable neutrality of classification that belongs to dark-brown huir, gray eyes, and a mellow ' complexion. Her lover, inrry Lonsdile, was also an Aus tralian and a native of Hew South Wales. He hailed from Farcamatta, the country of the orange-groves. Harry scaroely needs to ba described. Australia seems to turn out her bush sons by pattern. Thousands like Harry Long dale are to be met with, year in year out, tall, loore -limbed, slopicgly snouldered, ereot, and with s gait that is as free-and-easy as that of a panther ; dark, embrowsed complexion, tanned from birth by tunny exposure, d«k brown eyes, curly hair, and the inevitable moustache that is the glory alike of Australian and Eng lish rranhood. Harry's parBnta were both dead, the decease of his father having preoeded our opsuinff scene by some two years or as. Harry bad been left comfortably off, but his web not the calibre to fool away time and money in cities, ?when Ihe free, wild buBh offered plentiful opportunities of excitr ment and-d -nger. So he had loit New Sooth Wales and betaken him self to northern Queensland, landing from a southern steamer at Townsville, then a com paratively new port, and a scattered hamlet of but a few dozen houses. At Townaville, to his great delight, Harry found established as bank manager, Mr. Robert Reudall, an old friend of his father. Natomlly enough, Harry ao cepttd the invitation of his banker to make Rotemonnt, whioh was the name bsatowed on Mr. Kendall's cottage, his home during hia stay in Townsville. Here, Harry met Mr. Kendall's daughter, Bose, full-budded into early womanhood, she being 19 years of age. With her he met his hte. Harry Lonedalo had only one uncommon peculiarity for a young man. He was short sighted, and he wore speotaolea. As will be gathered from the fragment of conversation recorded above Harry had spoken to Rose's father, who had consented to the betrothal of the young pair. For Mr. Randall, as hank manager, hnd such advioes as to young Lontdalo's peouniary position as led him to congratulate himself upon the pasaiou thit had infected Harry. Besides, he liked the younjr fellow, whom he deemed square and honest, and as yet unversed in worldly guile. During his conversations with Mr. Rendall, Harry hiaa dale bad often heard related yarns about the dang'trs and experiences of the gold escorts, the hank manager being able to give his young finest a few of these tales at first hand. The Gilbert goldfield had just been opened, and mush local excitement existed concerning the rush in that diffioult country lying between the Gilbert and Lynd'Rivord. There wa« no troopers' camp on the Gilbert, and a substitute for the usual offloial gold escort had to be found. Harry Lonsdalo's young blood was fired by the recital of many moving acoiden'e, and he ex pressed a deBire to be appointed the unofficial gold- carrier for the bank, at the head of the Townsville branoh of which was hie friend and host. Bank-manager' Kendall had no difficulty in Beouring Harry the post. Hairy was now about to depart ori his jour ney to the Gilbezt River, via Lfndhurst station: The family had breakfasted early, and Rose had slipped out to say farewell to her lover. HiB horse, ready saddled and vplise strapped, was tethered some distance away. Neither felt1 .. much the pain of parting, f6r it Beqjnedonly like becoming neighbours instead of romaining under the same roof. 'Both wore young and unfrreoaBting of care, and'thoy would be, so to speak, Btill within cooey. of each other, if not within cooing. ' Do you know that your father has a violent desire to Bee me uufely married?' Harry tauntingly repeated. ' Really '. and who' 8 to ba the unhappy viotimf' ?? He thinks that I'm not; abla. to take care of myself,', he said, not heeding her raillery; ,-,- ? ' But you will take great : .oare i ' of ydursolf , won't you, Harry dear:? ' she rejoined quiokly, i her mocking mood changing' to one of tender neea. .,:, . ? ? .. ::?'. ..?.'.? Iheywere about to continue a aoene, whion was fast melting into . a love dialogue, when they heard a rloh, baritone -rotoe: troll out— The loverwho vowed ihthe^whlri of thbvalse, ' Found a mate in the woods; to his first lovo waa false. Now the- Eln'aslelgh's sworn, and tho Gilbert is But where do tho bones of the false lover llo ! Search the, Newcastle Bango; iscour the rough Ask the 'broken basalts oi theLynd what thoy For the Ipyer who now bids odiou at her door, , Shall clasp.fo his arms ..MS belqyetj. nevermoTe. A ohill orept over Rose, ? ns the words rang out raookingly and mtartlingly. clear on the morning air, and she trembled pofooptibly. ' Do you believe in. omens, Harry ?' she inquired, nervously. u':,, '..'.. 'Bosh,' he emphatlonlly exolaimod. ' An, gofd morning, Miss Kendall; Eaioy ing tho bracing air of the morning, eh P Good morning, Mr. LonidBle. ?- . Bonndior n. joorney I pcroeivo. Are yon going-far P' ..,..-. ?'To the Gilbert,' wasthVourtreaponso. ' Going to -be away long P* ( , 14 1 oan't say.' The n?w»oomor was a handsome- man drstsed in loose bnlh costume, light uao ;.ooi-t sfrlpod ehiit, Bnuff-'bolburedtrouserBi and cabbie- wc^, hat. AUbvo'SO yenra' ofogo.'ho oarrled,bim ',- .self with-'an assured- presence th'at'just stopped \ ' phort of polished impertiuonab. His name was v . Banelsfrb, and he was one of those queer ' exotics knows as remittance, men. Always in command of money, he had 'bsen idling rasnths away at Townaville, without nay apparent atm in lifo -whatever. Ho had boah a conatant visitor at tho RendaU'o, and Ross had ot first gladly tolerated him as a woloome addition to Townaville society, hut elnoe his attention io vftrds her bad become very marked, she had vainly endeavoured to rebuff his further attempts at intimacy.':- He was.howover, no; to lie easily' repulsed ;?'? although' sinoo Harry Lqjsc ale's advent to Townsville ho had found his opportunities for private interviews with Rose very muob: lessened. This had arousod in him a hitxed of the youug man, and a jealousy had been born of his affronted vanity. He had boon hoard to Btfear that Robo should bo hia wife, and it was freely Baid that he would not scruple to remove any dangerous rival. Man of tho world an ho was, and acouatomed to screen his emotions behind the mask of a wooden , countonanoe, he could not conceal his lively eense of satisfaction at the news that Harry was bound on what was then a long and tedious journey. The lovers' tele a- tele was over. Ranolagh stayed on - determinedly, and Harry was at length obliged to depart without that last embrace on tho memories of whioh abaont loveiB feed their pasaiou. With a fervent hand claBp and a ''God bleaa you, my darling,' which did not escape the ears of RaneUgh, and nearly turned him green with jealous sickness, Harry bade farewell to the bright girl who had beoome his one heart-idol Nodding angrily .to RaneUgh, Hurry mounted his horde and rode along the track that led to Thornton's Gap. Rose w&tohed; him f ably out of sight, tut he never once turned in the saddle to look book upon tho mistress of his heart and her com panion. ? ' Ptems to bo a fine young fellow, that Long dale,' said Banelagh. Rose gave him a grateful glanos of anrpriee. ' Uncommonly fond of yon, I 6hould say. Pity he wears spectaoles ; it makes a young fellow look so odd.' 'Let me go inside, please,' said Ro'o; ' papa will wonder what detains me so long.' ' Papas generally do . But, first of all, Miss Rendall, I have something serious to say to you. Something tells me that I should have said it before. You must have noticed, Misa Rendal'. — RoaO' ' 'Sir!' ' I mean every word of it. Daar Rose ? ' ' Let me pass, ptr, ple-ise. I have no right to listen to j on, acd you have no right to speak thus.' 'No right?' ' Mr. Lonsdale is my aCiiEced huBband.' And she hurried past him, proudly but blnthingly. ' I thoughtas muoh,' he murmured. ' But he thall never return to claim his mistress. Rose shall be mine. I wonder what's taking him to the Gilbert ? I'll step inside and have a yarn with old Rendall. Ho'e Bure to know, and I'll get it out rf him ' And he walked inside the portals of Roae mount. CnAPTEB II. — TlIBBB- l-IKOEBBD JACK. Harry Lonadale found life at Gilberton csmp very monolonoua after the first novelty of u goldfiold har1 worn off. Tho white ia hatitantB might hnvo been o-pi'.y tallied off on one's fingers. There were oertainly lesn than 100 on the field. Its isolated position and difficulty of access confined its mining opera tions to alluvial working in tho bods of the Gil bert River and tributary streams, though this district is probably tinaurpatBid in Queensland for mineral resources, whioh but await the opening up of ohe»p mems of transit to be fully developed. Good results were being ob tained by the few alluvial workers, but Harry was no longer sutprised that a regular gold escort was not neocWJ_for this fUld. Nothing eventful had ocsunea to mark the course of his journey up there, whioh had occupied almost a fortnight, sb he had only taken one horse, and had not desired to kuook it up. By the route he took his journey embraced Home 250 miles. Time passed wearily on, the only excitement for Harry being frequent amateur attempts at fossicking, hut, being already comfortably circumstanced in the world, he waa n«vor smitten with the gold fever. Bis o^ul lived on the memories of the haloyon Ruaemount days, acd on the letters whioh he received from his sweetheart. Only one incident had ooburred to mar the unchanging grimnesa of hia rough life, and that was a quarrel, whioh out him off from the intercourse if the only leisured men within reach. It arose over tome trifle, but was sufficient in itself and its immediate re eults to make Harry wroth with himself for having loBt his temper on the occasion in ques tion. Little did he think that this quarrel, with its present attendant inconveniences, would be the means of throwing him out of the -way of a grive danger and perhaps even of caving h)B life. It happened in this wise. Harry had been in the habit of frequently riding out to Ljynd hurst, tho nearest big station, somo 40 odd miles by the road from Gilberton The owner of Lyndhurst was an absentee, aid the 6-ation was managed by a man named Covingham, aethted by a ' colonial experionoer ' named Tourville.* Now, Oovingham wore speataolea, and so, as we know, did Harry. Each man, having been separately unmercifully chaffed about theBO visual ornaments, was easily led by the joking Tourville to believe that tha other waB only taking him off, and never wore ' specs' except in his pretence. It was a fiuull matter, but it led to a row, and it kept Harry away from Lycdhurst station in order to avoid Oovingham, Consequently, whenever Harry had occasion to travel in that direothn, - he declined camping, at Lj-ndhurst, and mado his nightly stoppage place at The Oak, a poore or so of miles nearer to Gilberton, or went on to Bundock Creek, flvo or tix miles beyond Lyndhurst. And now Christmas was coming on apaoo, and Harry looked forward ty redeemiug his promisa to Rosa, to spend hia nmt Obrtatmas with her. Ho eo arranged it tbat he should 1 leave with his first otarge of gold towards, the end of November, and his heart beat highty: as he saddled. up his nag. and prepared his paok horse: for : a journey, : whose terminus meant Town&villeandRoBemouut;, and Roi'e Rendall. Meanwhile, Ranelugh staved on at Towns ville, the Bame idle,, purpoeeles*, ploaunut com panion as before. , Like a tactful man of tho world, he altogether dropped the apparent pnrmit of Boee Rendall. He seemed to acquiesce in the siiuation. : He frequently vitited I to Kendall's, but, though hia hear; burned fiercely with wasted firei), ho was a man of self -repression, and gave' no sign'. Rose re garded him more kindly on this- aooonnt,- and began to upbraid herself with having misj udged the man. Iiittlo knew oho tho nature! of his, unscrupulous, vindiotivo soul, ..He was an en tertaining esoort, a olevtr raooutour, and to all outward semblance, a gentleman. He never alluded even bj mute glances to the tondor episode which had ended so ingloriqualy fur him- He 'teemed to havo forgotten it. Rose, found her self making nse of Kanelagh iu various ways. Ho did hor orrands in the town, ho, assisted hor in, the getting up of local amusements — he becamo, in faot, a sort of Rosomount house dog. Had not all Townsville known that Rose -was engaged to young XionEdale, gossip would assuredly have pointed out BanoUgh as No. 1 in tbat quarter. But Ranelagh himself pro claimed Lonedolo'e engagement from the housetops or, at least, from, the verandas. He always spoke appropriately of Harry to Ribo, arid tho poor unsophisticated girl trusted him more than ever, and warmed towardR him nt times in a manner which.- required all his great self-command to, meet with mere friendship.' 'You are lookirgunnsually bright toinigbt, Mies Rendall,' said Ranelagh one evening early in Noyembor ; 'yon look as if you had reoeived goodijews.' ' i')^ ' 1'es, tho best of . now». Harry loaves Gil-' bertou in a few days with hia ? first oharge of' gold; and will be here some days befbie Christ map.'' Ranelogh started, but Ro.se, who ms dreamjly gazing at nothing in the far-away ' distance, did not notioo it. ' 'You know,' ehe continued with a ravishing purr of happiceBS, 'he said he would spend CbristmaB with me, that morning ; he' went uway, when yon go frightened us . with that hotrid song of yours.'., ,; ' , ,- '——!' hissed Ranolagh, and ho rushod out ot the houeo. . Ho had not meant to betray himself, but the ordeal of the recolleo'lon of that eoono hod been , too Revere for bis hypoorin). Roso Kendall, ? Tlio names in tho Btbry arc, of courso, fic titious, but tho incident of tho stiukiiig-up rcully occurred, us old Gilbert plonoors will remember. ThKinunl cull CovlnRhom holds a much more plebeian unuie, and 111 still alivo— I bellcvo nourislunsr either on tho Iliclnriond or tho Olar onco IUvcr, Now Houth Wales; ^ Tourville Is In Fiji or thereabouts, and lias nincu mado himsol notorious in connection with the Polynesian labour trade. Thrce-iluBered Jaek is cltuer dead or la gaol. plowly emerging from hor dream of happiness, saw him ?tnabing vheadlong; townwarda, ,'and shivered. '''''??' '? * ????-''' ?? ? J ' Poor fellow,' Bho murmured. 'Ifjrgot his f oellngs . Of oonrso . it , mast) bn.painf ul to him Btill to rEmember. Yet, he his behaved bo well that I thonght he had learned uot to cire 1 must bomoro considerate in future. ' \- Again she shivered and tho Bame ooli ohill crept over hor as had overpowered hor when she heird Kanelagh's interrupting versa about tho fake l'ver. A third time she shivorod. 'But I'm Bnro he's a bad towt, uorujhow. I only -wish Harry wore safo herd ' Ranelagh rtturnod to hii hotel nnd drank off a couple of tumblors of raw spirits to steady bis agitated nerves. His faco was pah and bis lips twitched. There wag a now look ia hi* ejes, a baleful, yellowish gleam that lurked in their oorners. There was a now dotcrinination in the lines of the facs. Yet the eyes had a stranger obaraotoristio than all this, they could now look their interlocutors in tho oyoa. The new baleful, yellowish gleam, the new deter mination — were the gleam and tha determina tion of premeditated murder. The die. had already been cant in tho man's aoul, and the devil had won. He was as much a murdtrer now as if the foul deed wore done. The new gleam was the brand oi Cain. Ranelagh, with whisky- steadied nerves, stepped out again into the street. Ha wanted air. Ho wanted solitude for thought. The din in the bar penetrated into his room, and he could not stay within sound of careloss human voiceh, while ho hsd the first freflh sight of red handed mnrdtr's ghost before his eyes. He wandered on aimlessly,, blindly. Hia foot caught some unusual obstruction, and ho stum bled almof t to falling. ' Hello !' Baid a voioe, ' can't yer see who's afallin* over yer, if ye are a newohum swell an' a bloomin remittance man ?' .And a peal of hoarse laughter followed tbia joke, while a man rose np from the earth and confronted Ranelagh. Be was dirty and un kempt and wassimply attired inmoleskins and a Crimean shirt, with soft felt hat and bush boots to match. A belt, pouoh, and eheath- knife, with a broken clay pipe, completed this (reutle man's parade kit. His faco was puffed np until the eyes seemed only like two bloodshot; beadB, while his long hair and beard were bs giimed with dirr, and tangled and twisted in a fashion that would have ninddened a barber. In spite of a jaunty appearance tbat the fellow fiBHumed, it was|olearto any observer thuthe was suffering a recovery from 1 tremondous drink ing bout, and was not one degree removed from ' the horrors.' 1 ' Gotany tcrbaosa, boss?' washis next qaery j UR Kanelagh stared wildly at this apparition. Which glance tho apparition returned with interest. Can one manioc divine the madness of another f Can a temporary drink-manias perceive the murder-madaess that gleams from the eye of an uncompleted Cain P I know not. But listen to what followed. ' I guess you're in some trouble, boss. 'T'aint toy sort of worry, neither. I'm on'y stone broke, which I've been a hundred times afore, an' I'll easy make a rise agen, even if I have to stick up a gold escort for it.' Ranelagh started. ?? Stick up a gold escort !' The very idea he had been sonrohing for had come to him by the sheerest aocident. And from a tool ready to hand. He mu.it think - about it. But the apparition gavo him no time tothink. 'Got any terb'scca, boss? What's the grunt, anyway ? You've got a derry ou some chap, you have, I should say, and want him put out of the way. Well, snob, things is not uncommon in Queensland. You shoot a man slap in the back, then you have a black's spoar ready and you ram the spear into the bullet hole, you know, andyou lea va the corpus drlioky, as the lawyers Bay, with the spear sticking in it. Bless you, they troopers, and magistrates, and doctors never look for the bullets ; they Bay at once, it's the murjerous blaoka, and they go on a hunt after the nigger* led ou, perhaps, by the murjertsr himself, Uughiag at 'em all the while. Oh, I know. Cbt any terbicoa, boBsF' All this while, Ranelagh had been staring at the apparition as if fasomated, but eagerly drinking in every word. At last, he slowly said— ' I'm off with you there, my man.' ' Where, bisa i In the torbaooa business ? ' 'No ; to stiok-up the Gilberton gold oioort; it's only one man.'' ' Blewmy ! 'iSre's a swell with heaps of money wanting to Btiok-up a gold escort. Ah ! boss, I reckon -t'a the mm you want and not the money?1' Ranelagh nodded. 'YouhelpB me in the job; points out the cove, and lets me beep all the swag P ' Ranelagh nodded again. '? I'm on.' ' ' What's your name ? ' 'Three-fingered Jack—that's good enough name for me— Three-fingered Jack, the horse breaker, ay, and a horse-duffer, too. '?'hey call me Three-fingered Jaok, becauBe (holding up hia left hand) a trooper shot off two of my fingers when he was trying to persuade me that the 'orse wot I was a-ridin' wasn't my own.' And the apparition laughed aloud at his own wit. ?' When can you start? ' 'Blewmy! Gimme a nip or two an' a 'orse. I've drunk mine, and I c*n start right now. Do you come along, boss ? ' ?' Yes.' 'Wot do T get euppoaiu' the bloke gets away, and isn't thotl-'' 'Nothing.' , ... 'Can't doit, bosB, on those term*. I ory a go.' .' '''?'? 'But jou must do it, my man, now. You know too much to Buit me. Howevar, I'll give jou £50 in any case.' '.Fifty quid in advanoe ? '?' 'Half iu advance, and half when the man — er, -when thejobis comple'ed.'J ; ' ',' It's a wager. , Shell outthe' twenty-five.' CuAriEa III. — ' Thbow Ur Yooa Hinds ' Horry Lonsdale, journeying ooutwUe with his first paroel of gold, had a' heart as light a- a feather. But all- nature seemed, sompany especially provided' for him.1 The ciaidaa chirped Jor him, the woodbtrda sang -to him HiB eyes beamed forth the gladness that shone in his Bonl, and bisspeotaoles that, were tha only blur to his joy, reflect d baoktho baam* from hi* eyes. ? Be avoided Iiyndhunt station as usual, and went right on a few miles further to Bun dook Creek.- Hero thoro was a very favourite camping-plaoo of his, and it was jmt tha thing for a safe retreat for his hones, seeing th*t he had hia paroel of gold to oavry through. He knew of a patch of sorub on the oreek, which had in it a narrow and tortuous bridle-path, almost invisible to those unaoquaiated with it, so mazy were its windings. But it led into a Bmall cleared spaoe, quite free of timber, and forming a natural amphitheatre enclosed in a oomplote ring of sorub. He with difficulty piloted his horseB along, tho maze, and turned them into thiB area in tho scrub for the night. There was a muddy- waterhole in tho onolosed aroa, good tnougn for cattle, but hardly en ticing to man, with Bondook Greek water close at hand. So Harry determined to camp \- himself in the open, whilo he left hts horses secure till morning iu their uitural drafting ing yard, and planted hia parosl of gold iu the scrub. He boilodhia billy, and partook of tea, johnny-oake, and ooinod bsef with a gusto denied to him often at luxurious hotel dinners in Sydney. Then he strolled along the .banks of the break, and selected a fine boxtree 'aa his principal and only bedpost. A few minutea lfltachfl was lifting at the sky, witch ing lazily the pale atara gathered their yellow lustre, and' dreaming of Rose Rendall. . 'You can't. mktiko him, Jaok; ho wears f spectacles.',' 'I'll Hx Mm, tosa.' ' Waa it 0 dream? Kiuokgh's voice and a atrnnger's In reply ! !Whote were they ? He raised nimBolf up cautiously, and, there, within 'ten yards of him, wore two men. One was Ranolagh undoubtedly; the- other was a stranger, a good-humoured, devil-may- oare looking sort of a villlan. ?'He's bound to bo at Lyndhurst to-night,' continued. Ranelagh. ' Ho'o euro to stop at tho station for security. I was through thero aa a traveller the other day, and I know for a fact that thero are only two men minding tho station, beuidoa tho cook, and Eb'a a oripplo. I didn't sen the two men, because they wore oat mustering, bat the manager's name is Oovingham, and tho etookman'p is Tourville. Then there will be this fellow with the apoo taoloo, Iionsdalo, who has got the irold. That ?will be three for you to taoklo. Do you think you oan do it?- 1 must not be Been Jbout the laoo.' . . XiOvh'b Promise 1 'An1 I'm to have all tho gold and £50 from youf' 'Yes'. # . ..'','? 'l'ildo it. When you has no mates you has nq aheera in the plunder, an' all tho more for the one as does the job. Wot eort la thia 'ore Lcnadale f' ' Plucky, I ahould pay.' ' 'm, that's bad. But I dou't suppose he'll kcer much about defending oihcr pooplo'a money. Blowiny if .1 would, if a bloumiuif uLootiDg-iron was levelled at my boad.: I don't kiiuwtbiri CoriLgttm, eitheri J bnofa Tour-' villo ri(.ht enough ; be-don't count. He's the oove ub lout Maan'nfer coming overland from Port Darwin, an' who left, hin mate Nathan in thii bush to die.' Oh, ho dou't count; he's a cur.' Harrj LonBdalo listened to thia oonversation with tho deepest interest. He had Iol'r hia revolvers with his swap, in the scrub, an act of folly oui hero sorely grioved about. Bnt his mind was made up. He would o-itoh bis horui b aid he would be at Lyndhurst to meet these strangely assorted highwaymen, one of whom wanted bis life, and the other hie em ployer's gold. He forgot for tho moment that Covingbam alxo wore steotaoles. When tho faot did occur to him, it ouly increased his anxiety to be at Lyndhurst as soon as the buBbrangers. He had to -wait, however, till Ranelngh. and Thrae-fingeied Ja k rode away, aud thru como iho tortuous trouble of getting into the scrub- enclosed posture, catching his horsea. aid getting them safely outside again. This took over an hour, and Lyndliuret waa only somo fivo or six miles distant. The high waynun mnst bo there already. Harry galloped like mad along the roid to Lyndhuist, though it was pitoh dark by this time. Ranelnfth and Tbreo-fiDgered Jack rode on to Lvndhurst. Leuving tbe home Blip-panel down, in case of a neceCBily occurring for a rapid' retreat, the two men approached tho. hemesttad and dismounted. ' Go and reconnoitre,' a id Ranolagh, ' and ocmo back and report to mo.' ThrecfiDgeied Jaok cautiously approached Ihe dwellincr, and 'saw two men at dinner. Thete were in reality Covingham and Toar ville. Covingham was quite an underlined man — a little man, every way ; and Threa firgt-red Juck gave a grunt uf satisfaction. In any row bo did not count Tourvillu ia at all, and ho felt that hn ctmld inanago this man wita .the ppeotaeleB. He returned to Ranolagh. ' there's only two of 'em Tuero'a that cur, Tourvillu ; a child conld bail him up, and there's your cove with the spectaoles. I Bized him up, and I oan xnunugo him. .Y--u stay and havo ihe horses ready at the panel for a bolt.' Three-fingered Jack vinisutd back- towards the gloom of the house's shadows. Ranelagh then did a very curious thing. Hs hitched his accomplice's horse to the sUp rail, mounted his .. own animal, and ' rode as for bare life towards Wandovale sta tion, on the road to Townsville, having of course to cross Bundook Oroek, from which direotion Harry Louedale waB ooming, also posthaste. Indeed, Harry had only just mounted his nag. Fortune favoured Ranelagh, however, against meeting Harry, then grim and death- determined. Harry's two horses made such a tremendous clatter that Ranelagh, being warned by the sense of hearing, was en-' abled to step off tho track into the box'forest until Harry had swept by. Of oourae, neither saw each other, Kor ever knew that they two mortal foes bad been th-m and there alone to gether, within a few yard* of each other, unnitnesaed of the world. How fared Three- fingered Jack ? CoviDgham and Tourville were at dinner. Suddenly, tha door was thrown wide open, an apparition appeared, holding a gleaming barrel within an inoh of Covingbam' B head, and . a d- ep voice said — 'Throwup your hands!' Taken, completely by Burpriae, utterly and totally unexpectedly, Covingham showed his game breeding. Like a flash he was at Threo fingered Jaok's throat like a cat, and the little man swept down the bU bonebnaker like a projeotile crashing down masonry. But, like the projectile Covingham went down too. The revolver went off in the soufna aa the two men rolled over and over, and Covingham received a wound from a ball in a fleshy part, whioh, on this occasion, was, ia a double sense, a ' seat of honour.' Tourville rushed nut of the house. He said, afterwards, to his saddlo to get hia ' ehootin; irons,' and quite forgot tbat thero were armB— rifleB, &o.; — hanging np on the walla insidd the house. Over and over rolled the two oombatanta, Covingham game and wounded, but over, matched and getting weaker and more under Three-fingered Jaok's control every seoond. Just then Harry Lonsdalo butst into tbe room, und Covingham gasped, ' Juat in time, Lons dale.' Three- fingered Jaok lot go the little tiger oat who had been so desperately fighting him, gave ono gasp, ' Blewmy ! 'ero'a another pair of spectaoles !' jumped through the window, and made a bee-line for the pwel, where he found his horso, but no Rinelagh. Harry Lonsdale, in hia urgent haste, had thus not only passed by Ranelatth, but had mt'sad by a shave Three- fingered J-iok'n hotae ! After the fighting was all over, Tourrillo rushed iu excitedly, armed to the teeth, and shouted, ' Whern is he ? L^t me at him ! 't They did not pursue the. vanquished and van ished bushranger, but soirobod around for traces of his mato, Ranelagh, the Townaville swell ! It is needless to say that they found uore. Covingham' s wound of honour was at tended to, a guard was set against further sur prise that night, and Harry renumed hia jour-' uey TownsvillewardB next day. Chatteb IV. — 'You abe His Mubdeqeb.' Mr. Bobert Rendall and his daughter were entertaining some guests two evenings before \- hristmaa Day. Rose Rendall was pensive and troubled in mind, for she had heard nothing of Harry LonBdalo for somo weeks. Riuelugh waa present, and was endeavouring to aalm her agitation. 'I feel that something baa happened to Harry, or ho, would havo written,'.' Rpae said. ' Nonsense,. what doiild happen him ?' ' Fever— blaoks — bushrangerd.'- Ranolagh winced. He could not help, it. He believed Lonsdalo to bo dead, but until ho : heard from Three- fingered Jaok he could not be aura. That worthy had noc yet turned up for Mb money. Cortainly, the escort's gold might bo sufficient to satisfy ovun Thres fingered Jaok. Bat, then, there had been no noise about an esoort robbory. On the other hand, there had been no reportB about a bush ranger's capture or death. Banohgh was decidedly uneasy. Just then a servant camo and said, 'There's a man at the door asking for you, Mr. Riue lauh ; he Bays that it's pertiokler.' ' It was Three-fingered Jaok. He had come for his £50. He'told Ranelagh, who Uston-d with foverish anxioty to all tbo details, how, he ; had slain Mr. LonsdaleatLyndburst. Kanelagh ; paid Thrte-fiugered Jaok £50, and the recipient promptly quitted, the sound, of his hor/o a (or somebody else's, probably ' borrowed 'for tha occasion) gallop being presently heard along tha western track. ; Enuelagh wont indoors. Hia eyes blazed with a feverish excitement, his oheoka were heotiowith the flush of restrained emotions, but hiB outward bearing was grave and solemn to a pretornatnral degree. He asked, to see Mr. Rend all' alone, and thon Mr. Rendall sent for his daughter. He told the story how a bushman bad just come in and told nim that Harry Lonsdalo had been murdorod at Lynd hurat for the sake of the gold he oarriod. Bo la, with all her nervousness gone, watched him narrowly. 'What prompted him to come to you, thU buehmim P Bhe asked, in a cold, hard voioo. 'He said he understood I wag hia close friend,' ntammered Rinolagh. ' You are his murderer ! 'Ob, no, ho' a not; though he tried tn he,' said a manly voioe, tho owner of whioh had entered the room unobserved. ? These two events renlly occurred with the individual called here Tourville, after the Lyucl liurst stiekuig-up case, in which lie bo distin guished1 himself. SoIammakinR 'Three-unRcrod Jack' a prophet instead of a historian. A nove list's license. \+ Tlii8 i3 a 'true bill.' Three-flnBered Jack . escaped this time, but afterwords served a long ? sentence for Uqrse- stealing. I do not know ? whether he is nlive or dead now. He used to say 'that Covinghnui's spectacles fooled him. as be ; could not tell that GavinRhnui was goins to apriug At him. . Uc could not aeo his eyes ! ; It was Harry Loned ale, in his ubuiI health IBanelaghBtarod in a bewildered ^ort of wuy-. put his hand to his head, and burse out laugh ing. Tho scene was more appalling than n tragedy when this man, who hid fur bo long hrldsuoh marvellous flelf-ro«trainf. over hini Polf, commenced capouuK about the carpet, aud began to sing in that rich baritone of his— T) e lovor who vowed has proved true to the eivl, With Itls lndy-lovc, therefore, his Chrlstmns he'll spend ; Though the Einnsleigh's swoln, and tlio Gilbert is lie linn come to partake of hts love'a Christmas i Clip. ; O'er th' NewtustleHnugco'er the rough Great O'er the broken lMidalta of the Lynfl 'dlil ho ride : And the fwain, who, last year, liade adieu at the door. Hob clasped to his arms his fair mistress once more. Ranelagh's eyes beanud with vacant glad neas, and he pressed clojo to R -so, wbj ahconk fri m him vf ith horro , be following on with the mute appealing look oua ieed in u chidden hound's eytH. 'Orange blosROm? and weddinir favours ; I fihall be there,' ho kept continually muttjrine. It was awful. The gay mitterf al man of the world had been suddenly transformed into a gibbering idiot. Hia brain bad Tiokod ia an natant. An officer came presently and took him away. He waa oventuJly sent to the Goodna Asylum whore he died. Thero was a New Year's wedding at Roae mount, and Harry and Kore were tho twoohief culprits, bo you see that Lonsda'o did curry out his threat of spending Christmas with his girl. ^^^_^__^^^^^ 