0ASTLEMA1NE. (tf BOM OUR OWN COHRESPONDE.Vr.) Wednesday. Slst Julr. (JOUNir UOURT. —The pro.Vacted case, J. Pollard v. The South Wattle CJufty Company, in which plaintiff sought to re?o.vsr the sum of £66 10s. lid. for firewood supplied, which was partly h»ard on Wednesday last, was resumed before Judge Cbomlejf and a jury of four to-day. I»r. Quick appeared for plaintiff, and Sir. F, K. Best for defendant company. A numl^r of witnesses were examined, and from thei_r evidence it appeared that the accounts in relation to the Ci>use had been kept iii a.very ini^ilac mannet. In sumtr.mg up", His B^citor informed the jury that the best evidence for plaintiff had beta given Vxy Waterhouse, the teanager of defendant's company. There had not been any legal evidence to prove delivery of the number of ton.'."alleged to have bten placed on the mine by plaintiff; and the only two points for the jury to decide were—1st. Was the plaintiff entitled to 7s. fid per ton, id lieu of 7s. paid for 55 tons deliveied, or a surpto of £1 7s. 6d.; and 2nd. Had plaintiff a first claim for 13 tons, alleged to have been delivered at 7s. fid. per ton, for be had-not received any payment. Th& jju,ry retired at 3.30 p.m., and, returning at about 4 o'clock, gave a verdict in consonant vxith His Honor's direction, v'u„ in fa4"«r of plaintig |or £6 os. His Honor entered a yerdit fjoy-tnss amount, and allowed plaintiff coals ttppn the lower scale. Ixsolvekov Court.—The adjouened examina tion of—Smith wick, of Kynetoa, an insolvent, was proceeded with at the Couri of insolvency, before His Honor Judas Chcmleyv this evening. Mr, F. K. Best appeared ;or the trusttfs, and Dr. Quick, instruct^ by Mr. Gcdwin, of K'yneton, for insolvent The insolvent was examined atgreak length concerning the circumstances 'irbieb led to t'ne sequestration of his estate, and evsakually the further hearing was adjourned till October. Football.—As the North Sandhurst Clnb could not get a team to kw>f> their appointment here with the Castlemai^e United this afternoon, j the match fell through. Pigeon' —Several metnbsrs of the]ec^ gun club tv-<VO decided to hold a match here early in S".-..teinber, and with t>, view of perfecting ar , raugeoiems they havo guaranteed £100, which i will be allotted *a. follows—First prize, £>0j " secopd, £.'Cb third, £10; and four prizes of £5 each, Tiju: Mechanics' Institute.—The half-yearly : meeting of subscribers to the Mechanics'Institute, 1 which took place last night, was. largely atteiwied The retiring members of. committee, viz., Messrs E. lfinlaysou, E. Roberts, W: M'Gifcboa,. C. A Holmes, i1'". K. Best, J'. D; Uapjei' and J. H. Wilson, were re-elected. fengthy discussion took place in regard ^ ^ proposal! subisntied'to erect additional !f*itId3Dgs to be used for supper and billiar^ Kirpose3;: and. eventually it was re solv^^ to, Authorise the coaimittc-e to incur tie eiy.ien.se incidental to the preparation of plans and specifications fpr the premises specified, wWeSi will be submitted to. a special meeting ®f s«b scribeis, to. be held at a date to be arranged, for approval or otherwise. [IiY ELECTRIC' TELEGRAPH.]1 Th.r' Fuaxcis Oh\\\u\u Fatamiv.—The mudi vexed question as responsibility concerning.!^ deaths of the joiners, William Dennis and .Am brose O'Connor, capie under the notice of ti*? I»ci3 branch of the A.M. A., at Chew ton. to- ni^ht, when a letter was read from J. O'Connor, trotlier to t'aa deceased miner of that nasue, requesting that the r.Ssodation should tako action against the Francis Ormonrl Ct»i'pany on lu-salS of the-children of h.vi deceased brother. A letter was r-c'eived from the lt-gal tnanagw of 4h£> company (Mr. C. Moore), to the effect that the directors the company had guaranteed tb® funeral expenses of: O'Connor, iu. coui'finetioo wstlb tlio^u of Deriuis, the two men, drownetl in tBfi mine by the floods of Kew Year's Day. After a leiujthy discussion, it v.-as explained by Mr. Sutherland thi\t the association had voted £50 towards Vhe funeral expenses of O'Connor, and it was not, in his opinion, desirous of goipaany further with the matter. Mr. Searle contended that the only qutstiou at issKe was whether or not the association should take action against the company for contributory negligence.. So,far as his opinion went he dicj not think they had a ghost of, a. show. He moved that O'Connor's letter be received, and no action takes. An amendment waa moved by Mr. Sutherland tea5 full particulars of the case be sent to the A-X-^A., allowing the association the poivej to deal with the martyr as they might deem fit The motion refusj^jjto take any action, upon beip£ put to tl;y was carried by 13 votes against six. The result was received with the unanimous ap proval of those present, and the consensus of opinion is that a very wise decision has been ar-. rived at, 