CHAPTER XXV1.-I EcouvNTER A VIALEn. I had been six days and nights at Lea, and the morning of the seventh day had come. With the exception of one day of strmng south-westerly winds, which ran me some thing to the northwards, the weather had been fine, bitterly cold indeed, but bright and elear. In this time I had run a distance of about six hundred and fifty miles to the east, and with no other cloths upon the schooner than her spritanil. I confess, as the hours passed away and nothinghovo into view, I grow dispirited and restless; but, on the other hand, Iwas corm forted I the bright weather and the favourable winds, and particularly by the vess?l' steering herself, which enabled ine to get rest, to keep myaclf warm with the fire, and to drCis my food, yet ever pushing on wards (however slowly) into the navigated regions of this sea. On the morning of the seventh day I :cnice on deck, having elipt -ilce four o'clock. The wind wa.s icy keen, pretty brisk, abIlut went by south ; the movement in the sea was front the outh, and rolledl very grandly; there was a fog that way, too, that hid the horizon, bringing the iocetn-line to within a leag?u of the ?:chelwnr ; but the other quarters swepi t in a dark, slar, blue line against thel sky, aoil there waL ouch a clarity of atmosphere as made the dietanecs appear infinite. I went below andl lihtel the fire and got tan breakfast, all very leisurely, and wlhen was done I eat down anld smuiked ia pipe. It was v o keen on dec.k that I had nli ,Iid to leave the fire, and, as all was well, I lounged h hrough t11he et part of two houra in the oink-house, when, thinking it was now time t t take another survey of the scene, I went oil dblck. On liaking over the larlboard bulwark rail, the first thing I saw was a ship, alb,ait two tmil.s off. Sithe was it the larlboard tack, under courses, top<ail, and main-topgallantt sail, loading us if to cros mlly bowes. The isunlhiie itiade hier salivas look as white as .(now againist the skirts of the bodyof viapaour that had trailed at little ti le(ward of her, and her black hull fl.lhed as though she dis chargeil it broadsidc every time she rose wet to the northlern glory out of the hollow of the swell with ai curlof silver at her cut Water. .Mly heart catte into my throat; I seemted not to breathti ; not to have aved nimy life couhl I have uttered it cry, so amazed and tranmsrprtedl wis I by this unexptctediappari tion. I stared like orne in a dream, and my head felt as if all the blood in lyny ody had surged into it. But thon, all on a sudden, there lhappenled a revtul.sion of feeling. Sltp polia shit. ehioiitll prove it privateer--ia French war-vessel--of ia natiion hostile to lIly ow\i Thought no wrought in Ime that I trembltd like an idiot it? a fright. The telescope ewas too weak to resolve her, I could do better with my eyes; tnid I stood at thel bulwarks gazing antd gazing as if shte were the spectre ship of the Scandinavian legend. There were flags below, and I could have hoisnted ai signal of distroe~ ; but to what plurpowe? If the appeiarance of the schooner did not sufficiently illustrate her condition, there wan certainly no virtue in the language iand declarations of bunting to exceed her own imute ?s?urance. I watched her with a passion of anxiety, never doubting her inten tion to speak to me, at all events to draw close and look at me, wholly concerning myself with her character. The swell made us both dance, and the blue brows of the rollers would often hide her to the height of her rails; but we were closing each other middling fast, sieho travelling at soven and I at four miles in the hour, and presently I could see that she carried a number of boats. A whaler, thought I ; and after a little I was sure of it by perceiving the rings over her topgallant rigging for the look-out to stand In. Oa being convinced of this, I ran bhlow for a shawl that was in my cabin, and, unmpitng on to the bulwarks, stood flourish tmg tt for some minutes to let them know that there was a nman aboard. She luffed to deaden her way, that I might swim close, and as we approached each other I observed a crowd of heads forward looking at nme, and several menk aft, all staritng intently. . A mall sornlnbledl on the rail, and with tan aru clasping at backstay, hailed moe: 'Schooner ahoy I' he bawled. with a strofng nasl twang in his cry. ' What ship's that?' ' The Booa del Dragon,' I shouted back. ' Where are you from, and where tare you bound to~' I I have been locked up in the ice,' I cried, 'tand am in want of help. What ship are yotu I?' ' The Susan Tucker, whaler, of New Bedford, twenty-seven months out,' hoI returned. ' Whero in creation got you that hooker?' ' I'm thie only mlan aboard,' I cried, ' and have no boat. Scud to me, in the name of God, and let the master come I' lie waved his hand, bawling, 'Put your hel ttdown-you're forging ahead I' and so saying, dismounted. Si unundiately east the tiller adrift, put it hard over, and secured it, then jumped on to thie bulwarks again to watch them. Site was Yankee beyond doubt; I had rather met ilty own countrymep'; but, next to It British, I would have chosen an American ship to meet. Somehow, despite the Frenclhman, I felt to have been alone throughout my adventure ; and so sore was the effect of that solitudo upon my spirits that it seemed twenty years since I had scen a ship, and since "I had held commune with my own species. I was terribly agitated, and shook in every limb. Life must have been precious always; but never before had it appeared so precious ai now, whilst I gazed at that homely ship, with her main topsail to the must, swinging stately upon the swell, the faces of the seaenon phait, the smoke of ther galley-fire breaking from the chlitlmey, the olulds of creaking blocks and gromunig parrels stealing front her. Such a fountain of joy broke out of my heart that my whole being wasit flooded with it, and had that mood lasted I believe I shoutld have exposed the treasure inl the run, and invited all the mito of the whaler to share in it with Ime. They stared fixedly; little wonder that they sllould ie astounded by suelth an appearance ast m4y ship exhibited. Otto of the several bouts Vwhlch hung tit her davits was lowered, the ours fluhed, tand presently she was near enough to be hit with i bisonit; but when there the master, as I supposed Itiu to be, who itas steering, sung out, ''Vast rowing !' the boat came to a stand, and her people to a man stared at Inme with their chins upon their shoulders at if I had been it fiend. It was plain as a pikentaft tlhat they were frightencd, iand that the superstitions of tle for::alstle were lhard at work in tlhem whilst they vieweld m. They looked a queer cotmpany; two were negrnes, tihe others pale faced beardilt nt, iiiwrapped iup in clothles to the aspect of scarecrows. T'Ihe fellow who steerCedl hld it fiace as long as a wet hllmnmock, tand it cwas lengtlteneid yet to the eye y ai heard liklte it goat a hangiung ait the extremity of his chin. lie stood up-i taIll, lantk figure, with legs like a pair of compasies-- aUd haile nme afreshl, buit the high smell, regular Is tihe swing of a pendulumtn, inteCrpoisd its brow Ietwaeet him kand lme, eo tlhat at one moment lie rwais a sharply-lined figure algainsilt the sky of the hlorizon, and tlthe next he aud his boat cand crew were siheer gone out of sight, andi this miade an exclihanlge of cettences slow andl troubltesonie. ' Say, masiter,' hlCe iun?g nut, a whclt d'ye say the vhooner's tnamile isl' 'The leoia del lcagon,,' I replied. ' And vwho are oni, tmates ' 'An English sailor who haIIls been cast away on an itland of ice,' I ianswered, talkihlg very shiortly that the replies nmight follow the qucestiolk tefore the swell stiank hiim. SAy, ny,' says hie, 'tlltt's very well ; bitt when was you eust away, bully P" I gavie himt the date. ' That's nota i mtlInlth aigo,' cried hle. 'It's long enough, whatever the tilc,' said I. IHfre the icrw fell a-tallkitng, turiingk from one tntotluer to etare at mle, tlnd the lnergmrocs' eyestshowed vs bIG as autccrs in the dismay of their regard. SSec, here, nlItter,' sulng ouit thie long ima, 'if OlU haill'lt IbeCu clctt atiaIy more tltan a month, how comllyout clothled as men weot dresseICd ut century itn,' hey?' The reisons of their misgivings fiellted upoln ne. It wais not i, mtch the schooner its any lappetraIIiCee. The1 truth t ait, my clothes havitng leui wettcd, I had ever since beetn wearing such thick garments as I nmetc with it the cahin. keeiung nly legs wane witht jackboots, atd I l:had hect so uned to the garth that I forgot Ihadi it on. You wsill judge, then, that I mtust lave presenlted a figure very nicely calculated to excite the wotlder and apprhenusion of a body of mnen whole super stitious instincts were already sufliciently iluttcred by the appcaneec of the sclhooter, when I tell you that, in addition to thile jack .hoots nand a great fur cap, my costume was furmne4 of red plush waistcoat laced with silver, purple breeche.I, a coat of frieze with yellow bnraiding and hIiag iutfs, and the cloak that I had taken frotr the lodly of Menidora. 'C('aptain,' cried I, 'if o lie you are the captain, int the sanmt of (God and humanity omne aboard, sir.' Hlere I had to wait till le reappeared. ' My story is an extra ordinary one. You have noithing to fear. I ai a pl:ain E:nglishl sailor; moy ship was the I.augl.iwl. 3Mary, bound i n ballast from Callan to the. CIpe.' lire I had to wait againt. ' Pry , sir, come aLbolrd. There is nothing to fear. I at atlone-in grievous distress, and in want of help. Pray come, sir!' There was so little of the goblin in this appeal that it resolved him. The crew hung in the wind, bult hi addressed them peremptorily. I heard hitm damn them for a set of curs, and tell them that if they put himn i tardl they might lie off till he was ready to retllrn, where they would be safe, as the dovil could not swim ; and presently they buckled to theiroars again and the boat came along sidle. The long man, watching his chance, sprani with great agility into the chains, and relpped oil deck. I run up to him und seized hli Ithand with both mina. * Sir,' cried 1, speaking withl diflloulty, so great was the tumult of my spirits and the joy nud gratitude that swelled my heart, 'I thank yol athonatutdtimes over for this visit. I am in the most helpless condition thattcan be imagined. I atn not astonished that you should have been startledy tile appeorance of this vessel and by the figure 1 make in these clothes, but sir, you will be much Inmore amazed when you have heard mty story.' IIoe eyed mto steadfastly, examining me very earnestly fromt my boots to my cap, and tlhen cast a glance around him before ihe made any reply to my address. lie had the gauntness, sallowness of complexion, and deliberateness of manner peculiar to the people of Now Eng'land. And tllough he was a very ugly, lank, incouth man, I protest he wits as fair ill iy night us if lie had been the am brosial angel described by Milton. ' Well, cook tmy gizzard,' lie exclaimed preseently, through hIli nose, undufteranother good look at mte and along the decks and up aloft,` if tltisain't mni-raculous, tow. Durned if we didn't tiko this hooker for some ghost ship riz front the sea, in chllrge of it mermans rigged out to fit her age. Y' are all alone, air you I' 'All alone,' said I. SBroach ome every barrel aboard if ever I see sich a vessel,' lie cried, his astonishment rising with tile searching glances lihe directed aloft and alow. ' IIow old be shlo ' ' She wats cast away in seventeen hundred and fifty-three,' said I. 'Well, I'm durned. She's froze hard, sirree ; I reckon she'll want a hot suit to thaw her. Split tole mister, if she ain't worth sailing home as a show-box.' I interrupted his ejaculations by asking him to step below, where we could sit warm whilst I reltted my story, and I asked hits to invite his boat's crow into the cabin that I might regale them with a bowl of smch liquor as I ventured to say hId never passed their lips in this life. On this he went to tko side, and, hailing ithe men, ordered all but oneo to stop aboard tand drink to the health of the lonesome sailor tlhey had come aeross. The word ' drink' acted like a chlarm; they in stantly hatled upon the painter and brought the boat to tle chains and tumbled over tlte side, ottoe of the negroes remaiding in her. They fell together in at body, and sureoyed ino attd the ship with a hundred marks of astonishment. 3 Iy lads' said I, ' aty rig is a strange one, but I'll explain all shortly. Tihe clothles I was cast away in are below, and I'll show you them. I'm n ot spectre, but ts reallts yout t-hough I have gone through so muchl that, if I am n ot a ghost, it is no fault of old ocean, but owing to tihe mercy of God. Iy nameno is Paul Rodneoy, and I'm a native of London. You, sir,' says I, addressing the long man, ' are, I presumnet he master of the lusntt Tulckerl ' At your sarvice-Josialt Tucker is my namoe, and that ship is my wife Sutsan. SCaptain Tucker, tand you, men, will you please step below, says I. The weather promises fair; I have much to tell, and there is that in thle cabin which will give you patience to hear toe.' I descended the companion-stairs, and they all followed, making the interior that had been so long silent, ring with their heavy tread, whilst from time to time tt gruff, hoarse whisper broke fro tto oeof tlhem. But super sittion by strong upon their imagination, and they were awed and quiet. 'Ille daylight came down the hatclt, but for all that tlhe cabin was darksone. I waited till the list man had entered, uand then said, ' Before we settle down to a bowl and a yarn, captain, I should like to show yeou this ship. It'll save In a dealof descrip tiont and explanation if you will be pleatsed to take a view.' ' Lead on, -mister,' said lihe; ' but we shall have to snap oir eyelids and lisle fire in that wty, for dut"ted if I, for one, can see in tihe dark.' I fetched three or four lanthorns, and lighting tlte candles, distributed tllemt among the men, and thent, in a processioen, headed by the captainl and me, we made the rounsds. I had half-cleared the arns-rooln, biut there were weapons enough left, and they stared at thoem like yokels in at booth. I showed them the cook-house and the forecastle, where thle deck was still littered with clothes, and chests, and hamtnioelts; and, after carryy ing tenm aft to the cabins, gave them at strht of the hold. I never saw men more amazeid. They filled the vessel with their exolama tions. They never offered to touch any thing, being too much awed, but stepped about with their hlads uncovered, as tquietly Its they coldd, as though they had been in ia crypt, and tlhe influence of strango and terrifying memorials was utpon them. I also showed them the clothes I had comnwaiy from tho LaunghingMtLry ht; and, tlhat I might submit snch ln aspect to them as should touch their sympathles, I whipped off the cloak and puton mty own pilot-cloths coat. 'I'here being nothintg more to see, I led them to the cook- room, nnd .thtere brewed t great hearty bowl of brandy-punich,whlich scltsoned with lemon, sugar, and spices, into ais relishable it drughlt aits lly knowledge it tllitt iway cosltd eotlplatss, ilid, giving every sntialtI patttliki?t, butle Ilitm dip lind eicomtie, Imyself first drinkilnlg to tlhict witth a brief epecch, yet not no brilef but thllat I blrolke ldon towards the chlse of it, timd endedL witht a dry sob or two. They would have bteen uniclrrthy tlheir country and tlieir clllintg not to Ihatie beetn touched by mly tnatural iitiinifestaitioi of cilooitn; besitdes, thie braindy wats ian ineomil parably filne plilrit, and tite very lierfmltle iof the steatstinsg bowl was suflicient to stimuhltto the kindly qualities of saillrs ewho tlad been locked ult for tmontlts itt i treIiasy old shlip, with nio diviner smnlls iabout than the stilnk of the try-works. The ceuptiini, stllndinig utp, called ripin his tnti to drihk to tme, ipronmisinig mie tllit hIc wils very glrld ito hlave fallen ill with liy elichotoer, and tllii, lookitg itt the others, itadC Ie i igtI, whereiCtpoi they all fixed thelir eyes tiupoli sle itnd dratnk as tlloe mils, eieryolie cmptyithig lpot nd iliertitig it tl a proof, tand fettinog It rOtlSitg silgh of oatisfilction. (Tco i co.TI??LD.) MLh. Frcderlcrick IIHeather, Itnspector of Windsor Plalace it £100 a year, died at YVentfior on :Otll Jiantury, igeid lifty. Io \slas miuclh respected by the Quiceen. The Tratvan:ll Clhamler of 9[iltes rectords last year's gaold outltt it 231,000oz. Ill Decelber tlle yield was D20,1.olz. There were 8097,22.5 visitors to South KetIsillt toll tlleou, Lottlotrdo lit year. 