The Ingoldsby Legends. Sb Spier BY TOtAS fliOLlSBT, ESQe. _Ni It is on my Ewdipersilbreminiom icenes that Whe I draw for the followig cory : the scene of its leading event dwas itu omiliar to me in As eanlylite. it the principal actor in itheynet Hint living, he must hane noohed anvery advanced age. He was oftetn at theHall, in m infancty, Hs on professional visits. Spa STHE GHOST. Tonc stands a City,-oeithnr tango nor Sp yti neihe laguano smell, Its air and situation sweet and pretty; Soe It matters very little-if at all,- E Whether its denizens are dull or witty, -t: Wthether the ladies there are short or till, Brunettes or blondes, only, there stands a lie city 1 Perhops 'tie alse requisite ti minute That there's a Cole and ea Cobhler in it. 'Tw A fair Cathedral, too, the story goes, And kings and heroes lie entombed within Ann her; 1 There pious saints in martle pomp repose,' " Whose shrines are worn by knees of many Ani a sinner ;9 Ther, ton, full many an aidermanie nose Roll'd its loud diipason after dinner; Slei r And there stood high the holy sconce of le Becket, -Till four assasseeins cme from France to No crack it. The castle was a hiuge and netique mound, Th Proof against all th' artillery of tihe quiver, Ere those abominable guns were found, l To send cold lead through gallant warriorn liver. Lo It stands upon a gentlyrising ground, t Sloping deon gradully to the river, Resembling (io omparo great things with WI staller) ie SA well-scooped, mouldy Stilton cheese-but taller- plc aThe Keep, I hear, 's been sadly altered lately, And 'stead of mail-clod knights, of honour Gh jealous, SIn martial panoplIy grand and stately, An Its wnolls are filled with money-making e fnllonw, And stufl'd, unless I'm misinformed greatly, Th S With leaden pipe, and coke, aud coal', and bellowrs; Ni, hoIn ehrt, no great a change has come to pass, At aTi now moalufelory of Gas. An a But to my tale.-Before this profanation, Tb And A re its ancindrt glories ser cut short all, Nr d A poor hard-working Cobbler took his station n In a smnl house just opposite tlhe portal; t Hin birth, his pirentago, and edunation, U a I tnoc but little el-a nstnnge odd mortal ;e a His aspect air and gait, wnere all ridiculous; SHis nme ewas Mason-he'd been christened Fr Nicholp-y \ick h; ad a wife possessed of many o charm, E II And of tie Lady tHinntindon 1erooicoioe ; i But spite of all her piety, hier armn , She'd sometimensexercise when in a passion ; d And, Ling of a temper somewhat warmni, Would noiw and then seize, upon small Bi cd oocsion, re A stick, or stool, or anything that round did lie, Al ly And aste her lord and master most co-o. ty oundedly. F t- So matter I- Lis a hing that' not uncomon , TI At '171 wt we have all Eeard, and most hav T ly read of I meon, a bruising pugilistic woman, ae Such as I own I entertain adread of, It is -And so did Nick, whom sometimes there is An wouldcome on It A sort of feanr his spouse might knock his h e head or, Id Demolish half his teted, or dire n rib in, e, She ohunes much in facers and in fibbing. re B " Therea time and place for all thing," esaidI B .re n sage~, B ie (KingiSolomon, Ithink,) and thi I can say, ad Wihin a well-roped ring, oron n stce, Is. Bucingwmey b veownry prctty Feco, in When Mlessrn. lurine or tendigu engageco he -'TianotsowellineSuseanJecnor nlicyn- A ad To get wellmill'ity any one'sanm evil, cc- But bya lady-'tis the oery Devol be A t And no thought Nicholnas, whose only trouble cos (At least his worst) was this his lib's propensity; A For sometimes from the alehouse he wouldn bobble. His inensesn lost in a sublime immenily Of cogitation-then he coildn't cobble, [E And then his wife would often try the density Of his poor shakll, and strike with all her might, d As fast as kitchn-weneches strike a light. ith Heason, meek soul, who ever hated strife, th, Of this same striking had the utmost dread,, we He hatedit like poison-or his wife A vast antipathy !-but so he said ion And very often for a quiet life, i, a On theseiocisions he'dnnnke up to bed, - do Grope dankiing iend, soon as at the door of He heard his Ltdy-he'd pretend to snore. men it, One night. then, ever partial to society, for Nick, with a frieoud (anther jovial ellown), are Went to a Club-t should havesaid Society el Atn ne "City Armse," once called the Porto co IBello; o ASpouinig party, which, though some decry led it, I too Coinideirno badilocgnowhennncis mellon; a-c There thcy discuss thenit otn salt and lentber, ,s And change of ministers and change of weather. the - a to short, it was a kind of Bniish Founim, ith Like John Gale Jonee's, ert in P'icendilly, I ing Only they mannaged thinngs with more deowrum, ken Andthe Orations were not qeiteiho silly: Fyr dillarentqueotioos, too, would come before .,st- 'am, w Net always Politiocs, which, will ye nill yr. ong Their London prototypes wero olnyn tilling like To gire one gucantun suf. of-forli a shilling. cp It more resembled one of later date, S tAnd t fold talent, as Im told, in Bow ale s Street, hos Where kiodlieronntured soils do congegate; mte And, though there aroe who deem it same aver a low street, the Yet I'me assured, for frolicome debate it And genuine humour it's surpeassed by no hile ntreet, nol- When the" Chief Baronre entersn d assumes To "rle" o'er mimic iThciig ere and w4e "thniighnws." lid Here they would oft target their Rulers' faults, ice., And waste in cnient lure the midnight Ilin toper; neo Inquire if Orphens frst produced tihe Foltz, en- How Gas-lights differ from the Delphin wea Vapour, ly Wheher Hippneetes gre Gltboer's Salts, w And what the Romns wrote on ere theyd the paper- ear, This slih the subjeot of their disquisitions the ens Ghosts, Habgublins, Sprites, and Appnri' Icon tions. bt Hio well-rend friend, "ha nget topea begn," ndSlid," That was P'oetry, and nothing real; " ~ndA thordof erure xrten ive leGT ind Mrs. ''s Tl sheeteI Speotres spoke with ehorten'd Itoo And thrice he qooted Drelincourt on Death. Wt Nick amedked, and smoked, and trembled as he gled The point discuss'd, and nill they said the hi mi-od ide he s-onl, Tr u netli, aome murder'pc man bogn end n ienaeeinniengn To te his ife and children ceho had Oi done it; Od r h ow; a miser's ghost, writh grical beard, Ans n~d ele lean visage, in an o14 Scotch inn; eeh Wd, ander'd about to watch his buried money; ddle Ofen all a once Nic- heard the closp strike mble hrnetk - a Spran e from his sent, not doubting' but n i Ampendedtfrom hibq fondf n e en ithfulhe He Nor could ,e well to pardon him ebpect her, thi noirls se !- eary sentinel he At hvpn ie n', enok d oi the addch fe, ted OIioaayrpd~t itrdr~ nowl 3Ifh rqenpusniy, somen weodird won dop. teft Tor toil his wre edri mhtiron who bed need t gidno O ruil howewenageo wi-th geonly hosode AndE p ilainin loandeign, iond ten nrueld Sis mrba bIinn et, t ieIotped bur drdd Sikhrltmb'ring on heer poltthe mouse Ihei loebrew ttles Impnndedboom his lied mand isilbferl Sh Ano H -b p ll hne tinily bipe thu, eeonnd her codSib enocesti umpetn o eo Soon Mrs. Mason heard thewell-known tread; Scar She heard the key slow creaking in the Vi door, Spied. through the gloom obscure,towards the For bed 0 Nick creeping soft, as oft he had crept before; When, ang, she, threw a something at his And head, ... '. And Nick at once lay protrate on the floor; While she exclaimed, with her indigoant face " Hodare you use your wife so, Mr. Mason T" Spare we to tell how fiercely she debated, sC Especially the length of hel oration- 'le Spare we to tell how Nick expostulated, o Rousoed by the bump into a good Eet pas- od sion, 310 So great, that more than once he execrated, fa Ere lie crowl'd into bed in hi, uisuol fLhioon ; -The Muses hto brawls ; suffice it then to He dnck'd below the dlotheoa-nudlthere he lay I 'Twaa now the very witching time of night, When churchyards yawn, and graves give On up theirdcad ' On And many a mischierous, enftrachised sprite No' Had long since burst his bonds of stone or Se lead, fi And hurried off, with schoolboy-like delight, EV To play his pranks near some poor wretch's As bed, As Sleeping, perhaps cerenelv sa P porpoise, N'" Nor dreaming of this fieudih Hibecas U urpur. Oh Not so our Nicholas: hin meditations I Still to the same tremendous theme re- Th curred, The same dread subject' of the dark nnrra tions, Which, back'd with such authority, he'd heard: Lost in his own horrific contemplations, Ki He ponder'd o'er each well-remembered Q" word ; le When at the bed's foot, close beside the post, B lH? verily believed he aw--a Ghost 1 Plain, and more plain, the unsubstantial prite To his nstonish'd gaz. each moment grew ; Ghastly and gaunt, it rear'd its shadowy height, Of more than mortal seeming to the viewy, And round its long, thin. bony fingers drew T A tatter'd winding-sheet, of course all istile;- 0. The moon that moment peeping through a W cloud, Nick very plainly saw it throuyh the sdroud Sh And now those matted locks, which never yet Or Had yielded to the couib's unkind divorce, Their long-contracted amity forget, And spring asunder with elastic force; Ti 'ey, o'e. the very eap, of texture coaerse, Whoo ruby cincture crown'd that brow of Fc jot, Upros, in agony-the Gorgon's head Waes but a type of Nick's up-squatieg in the bed. No SFrom eery pore di'tili'd a clammy dew, I Quaked every limb-the candle, too no dothbt, En regle, would have burnt extremely blue, But Nick unluckily had put it out; T And h-, though naturilly bold and stout, I, tInr hrt, wait in a most tremendous steai ;- I I The room was fill'd with a sulphureous smell, I But where that came from Mason could nut x tell. All motionless the Spectre stood-and now F Its rcv'reud form more clearly shbne confest, From the pale cheek a beard of purest snow A Descended o'er its venerable breast I The thin grey hairs, that rown'd its furrow'd brow, Told of years long gone lby.-An awful guest It otood, and with] an etion of command, m Beckon'd the Cobbler with its wan right hand. a "Whence, and what art thou, Execrable T Sha;pel" C Nick might have cried, could he hive found a tongue, But his distended jaws could only gape, And cot a sound upoped Il welkin rung: His gooseberry orbs seem'd as they would r, have Spnrig Forth from their sockets-liko a frighten'd Ape He sat upon his haunches, bolt upright, And ehook, and grinn'd, and chatter'd with nffright. And still the shadowy finger, long and lean, 'e Now beckon'd Ni-k, now pointed to the "door '; And many an ireful glance, and frown, be The angry visage of tbo Phantom wore, er Ghoste, like the ladies, never speak till spoke Sto. Cowardsl, 'tie said, in certain situations, Derive a sort of courage from despair, d, And then perform, from downright despera tice, Much more than many a bolder man would dare. Nick saw the Ghost was getting in a passion, And therefore groping till he found the chair, Seiz'd on his awl, crept scftly out of bed, And follow'd quaking where the Spectre led. \- And down the winding stair, with noiseless -to tread, The tenant of the tomb pass'd slowly on, Eech mazy turning of the humble shed cy Seem'd to hi step at once familiar grown, So safe and sure the labyrinth did he tread ' As thtgh the domicile had been his own. er, Though? Nick himself, in passing through the cc, shot Had almost broke his nose against the mop. Despite its wooden bolt, with jarring sound, m, The door upon its hinges olen flew ; And forth the Spirit iulled-yet aromod Ire It turn'd, as if its follower's fears it know, And, once more beckoning, pointed to the mound, og The antique keep, on which the bright moon threw With such effulgence her mild silvery gleam, The visionary form seem'd melliog in her Iw beam. B; eneath a pond'rouo arehway's sombre shade, no Where once the huge portcullis swung sub lime, Mid ivied battlements in ruin laid, no Sole, sad memurils of the olden time, The Phantom held its way-and tlough afrmid Even of the owls that sung their vesper chime, Pale Nicholaa pursued, its Eteps attending, And wonderiug what on earth it allwould end ;t in. Within the mouldering fabric's deep recess At length they reach u court obscure and hie lone It seem'd a drear and desolate wilderness, STThe blacken'd walls with ivy all u'ergrown; SThe night-bird shriek'd her note of wild dis treess. S Disturb'd upon her solitary throne, r" As though indignant me.rtal step should dare, So led, at stch an hour, to venture there ! 'd -The Apparition paused, and would have spoke, Poiting to whatNick thought an iron ring5 But then a neighbouring ehntlicleer owoke, And loudly 'gan his early mtins sing ; SAnd thenr "it started like a cuilty thing," ra A his shrill clario the silence broke. \--'Tia known how much dead gentlefolks n'd eechew The appalling sound of " C'ck-a-doodle-do ! " he The vision was no more-and Kick alone d " His strenmer;.oaving" in the midnight wid wind, Which through the ruins ceased not to groan; p' -His grment, too, was somewhat short behind had And, wont of all, he know not where to fnd The ring-which made him most his fate bemoano h The iron rina-no doubt of some trap-door, 'Nenth which the old dead miser kept hh store. "What's to bo donel" he cried; "'Twere t a Here in the dark without a singe due. Oh. for a candle now, or moonlight ny I ; 'ore Oeorge, I'm vastly puzzled what to ber, do:' Cr (Then ceLpp'd his hand behind-' 'Tis chilly, I'll mark the spot, and come ngain by day. e, What cm I mark it by l-Oh, here's the wss scall The mortaor'syielding-hero I'll stick mysawll" Then roe from earthl to sky a withering shriek, II, A loud, a long-protracted note of woe, Such as when tempests roar, and timbers creak, And o'er the side the mastn in thunder go; stse While on the deck resistless billows break, And dnrag their victims to the gulfs below ; Such was the sream wshen, for the want of her ' nsdle, K Sick Ma'onesdoov hip elicoso op tothe onodle. Scared by his Lady's heart-appalling cry, It Vanish'd as once poor Meson's golden dream- Wh For dream it wars; and allhioeisions high, 0E ealth1 sad gsndeur, led befoae that (Th scream- And still be listens with averted eye, To When gibing neihbour milko '"the Ghost" Tor * their theme; While ever from that hour they all declare That Mrs. Mason useed a cushion in her chair ? Confound not, I beseech thee, reader,.the An subject of the following monody with the hap. less hero of the tea.orne. Cupid, of "Yew.- For Yow".iag memory. Tray was an attached Wh and sincere friend of many year' standing.e Most people worth loving hare had a mute A farourite or two of this kind; Lord Byron Hi says he " never bad but one, and here he (the dog, not the nobleman) lies !" THE CYSOTAPH. To Poor Trayc thaeest! To ewer Tray dceo teeand Lcg-b- try sond Vcrere. D, in a ere shall bsry mypoor doge Tray, Niew hisflreting breath has l ecd away? WI Seventeen years, Ican venture to say. G Hre I seen him gambol, and frolic, ousy play, vermeore happy, and ferisy, aRotl asy, Ac though rvery one of his mosshi waos May, And the whole of his life one long holiday- Ai Now he's a lifeless Itmp of clay, Al Oh i wahere shallh I bury my faithful Tny 1 I am nlmost tempted to think it hard That it mey not be there, in yOn sunny churehyor.?, Where the green wil!ows wave O'er the F peaccefl grave. Which holds slt that once was hoonest and bare, Kind,osnd courteous, and faithful, and true; S Qoualitie, Tnoy, that were found in you. 'ut it may not ho-yaon sred ground, a Ily boli-et feolieg fenced round, May ne'er within its hallowed bound Sc Receive the dust of a soul-less hound. I would not place him in yonder fnoe, Where the mid-day sun through the storied A pane Throws ran theparvement a crimeo Rsin S Where the bannerrs o chivaolry heavily swing O'rr the pianacled tombh of the Warrior King, With helsme and shield, and all that sort of tllhing. No!-come wrhat may, fy gentle Tray Shan't be an intruder on bluf lliarry Tudor, Or panoplied mosnoch yet earliter i d ruder A Whom yaou see on their backs, In stone or in l war, Though the Sacristans now are " forbidden to ax" Tl IFor what Mr. Hume calls "a scandalous to ;" While the Chartists insist they're a right to go smack Nol-Toay's humble tomb would look but shabby A 'Mid tile esculptured shrines of that gorgeous I Abbey. A easider', in the place They say there's not A space To bury what wet-nurses call "o Babby." Even "Bare liBen Jonsa," that famlous Wight,B \- I am told, is interr'd there bolt upright, In just such a posture, beneath his buost, t As Tray usedto sit in to beg for a crust The epitaph, toe, Woeld sesrely do: For shot could it soy, belt, "lire lies Tray, C t A rery god sort of a dog in his d.ayl " And salirical folks might be apt to imagine it T MIeant as a quiz on the House of Plantagenet. dNo ! no !-The Abbey may do verry well For a feudal "Nob," or Ipoetical "Swell," " Crusaders," or "' Proets," or " Knights of St. John," Or Knights of St Johnbs's Wood, who last year wcat as STo the fCastlr of loalre torbr Glinteonner. Count Fiddle-fumkin, and Lordl iuldlef.iddle, d 'Sir Craven," "Sir GaOel," and "Sir Cmpberll of Saddell," (Who, as Mr. Hook said, when he heard of the feat, "o Wa Eomtehow knock'd out of his family sent:") d The Esquires of the body To my Lord Temeoddy; "Sir Feirlie'," "Sir Lamb," h And the "Kntight of the Rm," The "Knight of the Rose," and the " Knight of the Dragon," Who, safe at the flagon, And prog in the to waggon, The newtpapers tell us did little to "brag on ; And more, thughl the IMuse knows hbut little conecrning 'em, "l Sie opLinse""Sir opkpsie," "Sir Gage," at - sa "SireJerninglam." All Prcuo CIcrall-rs, in friendly rivalry \- Who should best bring back the glory of Chi ke ralry. -(Pay be so good, for the sake of my song, To pronounce here the anti penelimate long; Or some hyper-critic sill certainly cry, "The word 'Chivalry' is but a 'rhyme to the And I own it is clear A fastidious ear Id Will be, more or leos, always annoyed with you when you insert any rhyme thas'snot ý" perfectly genuine. he As to pleasing the "eye," 'Tisn't worth awhile to try, Since Moore and Tom Campbell themaselvres eadmit "spiseclach sa Is perfeotly nutihoaotic to "Greenwich.") BUt stay !-I say 1 Let me pause while I may This digression is lealding me andly astray From my object-A grave for my poor dog Trey! he I would not place him beneath tthy wal. e Anld proud 'crsadoawinga dome. St. Pait's I Though I'e always consider'd Sir Christophler Wren, As an arelitect, one of tihe greatest of men; Anl, talking of Epitapha-muchsa I admire his, I " Cirocumpice, ri Aonumanulsa rquiris; " vWhich i erudite Verger trmnslatal to, m, e "SIye ao for his monument, Sircomespc. see / " on -i--I should not know where Toplace aim there; SI would not havre him by surly Johnson be; ter Or that Queer- looking horse that is rolling on Pesonsby Or thoeso gly milxes The aniler Sphynres, Ic, Mis'd creatures, half Lildy, half lioaness, ero, th- (Deoan ayc), the emblems of Leo and Viro; On one lof the backs of which singular jaumble, Sir IRalph Abercrombie is going to tumble, With at thump which alone sore enough to aid dreptch him, er If the Scotchman in front shouldn't happcn to S eatch him. nd No ! I'd not have him there-nor nearer the door, Whereo the Moe and the Angel have got Sir ad And are quietly letting him downr through the floor, Near Gillcepie, the one ahb escaped, at Vellore, n; Aloea from the row; Neither he, nor Lord lis Hoe Would like to be plagued with a little Bow are, Nc, Tsay, we msst yield, Aad go further n-field; are Tolt yu by Ielson merr downright eflron -We'll he oe from the City, and look at the ag, country. In te aotame osf15t. splol Medotria tastiag tinted shot esraslo bresalil Sers se she tedlol 0 slat, gelsant ofloor sigiastohre treis iha iacnleataloa albs t lord Oyra Itec, the tao tc. Sydoy Tatylor, amoast tald lgoiu rdisimedlahon th te mortaeir ceghafal seas,, she isso 5cer. Cles. wsscc Uuincrsa the " matrooss 0 hore risleseat thasidslth en" lc, we rusy himnld ehna l bt donet peseen se a seO-d wose "o aler aroaiw taiccd eet tone a Sortot tisoemit, saddsm 5cc. gist retr: ppo ~tnreoudrape-osrtietcaeln a eeleo, lath And hn bea'd ooefsadsdejy carried, ad iAs hetaltodnr~gawy wlotla Irerlee is she hlte- Ad the Idedisaipiser hlmtsrrist Whoo hems cram ike siot ratraleg; isi W mter'aodabs DoI eetesmth abs 5e Orteo gas-iscop belilise1Up hecaleg All hnar, and eapeoselie the midalgat dete, tie ceiset is te geiseewe feond ties: And ho bmhd Ilkeog cntlrmsa aoslongscoecoe, "The limier's coaisoob~ as Its d-," mea mid, And m dd,mou~naoseedtsater 55 hastac es raLsot hiam, sad sighed at ab hae oghttthai flyWsei "eoonsomctisehs" scabse meerar,~ 'y, mn c tl i rle sod aisedaghier the Toerbehl,nesioeooisnl sooeidcalred II"11 Lbodiytsiaetalhd c in amop mactdant. goor, .tndtlaredyteeos a ptoprald am; febr, lleitleisee'raed, mthey timsiboserason ''fcotk abs anecaerpooeJesi in meis id him. eek, W .tacl; d bhe I~n. cohd hedhetl ds tabs, tYn Enmit the mindear estllaC, Wehesaarltabe rsgtmalese fennolaeasagea OIa Olnmtohmsss"'Osaaco'oh~l ~tmmllsc t~f Oboorly sod codly arm all ersiaca dears. Idie. A~nd wcla~ltim adeastahis gisy. It shll not be there, In that sepulchred square, Whe folksr are interr'd for the sake of the airE (Though, pay but the dues, they could hardly ci refuse P To Tray what they grant to Thugges, and flin does, Turks, InGdels, Heretics, Jumpe're, and .Tews), E Where the tombstones are placed Iu the very beat taoste, At thbe feet ao the head Of the elegant Dead, h And no one's receivedwho's not "buriedin ti lead;" y For, there lie the bones of Deputy Jones, Whos the widow's tears, and the orphan's groans Atrectd 0 much as they do the stones Hid executors laid on the Derpety's bones; h Little rest, poor knaroe ! Would he have in his grave; Since Spirits, 'tis plain, Are sent back I egaint, To roam round their bodies-the had ones ton petie Draggio after them sometimes a heavy jack. s choin; t Whenerver they met, olarm'.d !y its greeas, his I Ghost all night long rwould be barking at Jones's. Nor shall he be laid By that cross Old Maid, liea Penelope Dird-of whom it is said All the dogs in thie I'Parish were always afetil. ieo must not be placed By one so nstrait lared In her temper, her taste, and her morals, and waitt For 'ltis said, when t e rWenD up to heaven, and St. P'eter, Who happened to meet her, Camei forward to greet her, She pursed up with scorn every vinegar fet. tolre, And ar de hin "Get out for a horrid Mnle Creature !" So the Saint, aiter looking oas if he could eat lher. Not knowing, perhaps, very well how to treat her, And not being willing-er able-to beat her, Sant her back to her grave till her temper grew rseeter, With to epithet which I decline to repeat fhere. \o-if Tray were interr'd By Penelope Bird, No dog would be e'er so be." whelp "eel and h-o." rer 'red All the night long lher cantrnkerous Sprite Would be running about in the pale moon light. Chaling him round, and attempting to lick rThe ghot of poor Tray with a ghost of a Stay!-let me ree!- Ay-hlere it shall bo At thle root of this gnarled nde tieoe-worn tree, t Where Troy aud I Would often lie, Andl watch the light clouds as they floated by In the broad expanse if the clear bluhe ky, When the eun was bidding the world good-bye; At n the pleitiive Nighliegalee, eerbliog cegh, I'oeered forth her mournful melody ; While the tendler Weeod-pigeon's cooing cry Ha malce me say to myselfl, with a sigh, "lIos nico you would eat with a steak in a pie!" Ay, hlere it shall be !-far, far from the view Of the noisy world elde its maddetlening cretw. Simpleoanet few, Tenderoeceltrue The lines o'er his grve.-They have, some of them, too, The advantage of being remarkably new. EnTtrtr. t. Afiction sore Long( time heo bore, Physicineo were in vain - r Grown blind, alas I he'd Some Prussic Acid, And that put him out of his pain! i Hoa ego versiculos feel, tulit alter honorese. se I wre thie lines-' 0 ownod them-he told stories rd - - -~ OLD3T TecocLoercy 