A Night in tne Assembly. P. on ims WAnr-ATii. . Cambooya had bern bumped by somebody or something. Probably tho body was a bottle of ohampagno with no body iu it, or tho thing a nobody who had thrown ovor P.P.'s best pearly lor the 'thrash' of some rival poisonery.. It might even have been that an attack ol gout by no means flavoured to Gatn booya's gout was the olTeuding presence. Anyway Cambooja wbh in fury as an enfant terrible, and gore had to flow. That this rhould be no could be nothing less than gall and voimwood to his heart of hearts ; for had not Cariibooya's liqnid wi dom, mellowed by quantity if not quality, voiced that onbe-thiok truth, ' Irishmen never quarrel.' But although nn Irishman is occasionally built that way, as sometimes a solitary blade of grass may erect its head in a desert of sand, P.P. evidently bad no connection with any such kidney ; and bis tail therefore was on the gr. und on Wednesday for tho world to tread upon. 1 he worst of it was that on indifferent up verso declined the invitation. It made no difference however. Oumbooya got there all the same. From this short introduction thereadorjmight possibly infer there was a scene in the Legis lative Assembly on Wednt Briny, and (hat in it the chosen of Cambooya had taken onto himself tho leading part. If so, it may be stated, ' without further figure of speech, the reader has oaught on. The tornado did burst, but not -without premoni tory warnirgs. As Queensland's only Wingge — Stop a moment, Mr. Printer. Hero is no deep-laid attack, wrapt up in this little familiarity upon any folk on the ether ude of the road. So with this assurance — hb, Mr., C.W. prediots thunder p.nd lightning from observations of the sky, Anyone noticing the mackirel-bacfis and mare's-tales iu glorious confusion amongst P.F.'s locks -when he crtered the chamber on Wed nesday night might safely havo pre dicted bimilar results. And the breeze passed over in three gusts Number 1 fell on the h#»ftil i\f i\\\f\ TiHtridtpTiinl Tnamlifir -fnr Stftnlnv— ?yclept by the irreverent, the O'Soul-em-on. It was pitifully true in the opinion of P.P. that the O'Sullivan had been confined all his colonial days to the district of Stanley, and consequently could never get ahead of that Mumbling-block, the sectarian ghost. If he had travelled about in that part of the country where P.P. first saw tho light of day (and then P. parenthetically, with a look deep enough to make the -wicked Wimble furtively seuroh for a new hair in his luxuriant moustaohe — ' Yes, lot me see, whero was I born? Ah ! I have it. Donegal — it waB Donegal, Mr. Speaker') — he would have known better than to bother about tho earmarks of those, who, like the children of Judah of old, always get chosen for fat billets. 'But the member for Stanley had done a modi cum of good in the House as a politician, and notwithstanding the mistake he made in stick ing to the Jpswich. distriot, his presence had also been of value there as a colonist. The numerous Terences, and Time, and MioVs, and Dennises, with their Spanish faoes so closely resembling the O'Suliivans, that were to be met -with in his electorate waB perfeotly marvellous. How it came about was quite be} end any intelligence that emanated from Ounbooya, but no doubt Stanley's chosen would hiinsolf enlighten the House.' This promise so tickled P.F.'s iancy that his wrath was lulled for the nonce, and he subsided into Ms usual seat. Gust No. 2 was a big job, tailing in the matter of BtuEC walling the busi ness of the night. Some angry thoughts in reference to minirg had evidently been uppermost in P.P.'s elevated mind, when, htter turning his blind side to him several timee, tbe Chairman at last had to own up that P. had balanced on and taken the floor of the House. But tiiiB not; Delore r.i: Had squatted in a chair right in front of the Chairman. At first he discovert d that hippo-crnithological curi osity known ns a maro's nest, and took the House to task for paying too much attention to the condition of tho miners, when they were already prime fed m a greater extent than those who were struggling to legislate for them The laughter with whioh this homily waB reoeived brought P. P. on the track of the bill under discussion, and in dismal tor-en he next deplored the fact that the ' intelligent gang' of new memtersontheGovernmentcroBS-benoheishould waste 60 much timo in discussing the Civil Sor vice Bill in a light and airy way. ' But the bill was too complex, and contained a lot of matter of no good to anyone. The Premier and him self could knock up a better measure in an hour, and put it through the Houbb in a night. Sir Thomas M'llwraith was a good man, and so was the Leader of the Opposition, but it waB a pity the business of the House resolved itself into nothing more than a fight between Griffith and M'll wraith. Like them, he did not come ''to. Parliament.', to' make advertising speches, but. was there to serve the people. At last election he had supported Sir Thomas, but would not te)lJ thmn upon what side of tho; House ho would be lound noxt time.' 4.nd, : to on, with a Ralimaul'rey of sorappy comment upon everything in general and nothing: in particular, till understandings and wind thrtateued to givo out simul taneously. Then, with a vision of epergnes, long- neokeci and gold-foiled bottleB, and wine Bparliling under the flare of chandeliers, P.P., addressing biuuelf to the 'first nontenant' of -the Lender of tbe Opposition, thanked him for the patient hearing nccorded his remark**, and again fubsided But the fact rankled in his lriind that in iruatNn. 2 he had lost niuhtof tho discussion before tho Hoiibp, bo gust No. 3 was simply a conundrum to tho Chairman of Committee as to what they were talking about. Thin Wf.a Buc-h a brfezy blow that it looked as if tbe House would have to protect its dignity by bringing forward the formidable powers concealed in the porson of tho sergeant at-urmn. UteltKS was it for tho Piemier and Sir T;: M'llwraith to testily in foim tbe Chairman that he held a freo hand and could pa's pocera. Still more futilely did cries of order mine from all sides. Tho latter rcqmst only evoked another conundrum which floured tlin combined forces of tbe National party. 'What,' babbled Oauibooya's joy, 'was tho good of orying out order whon it made disorder ?' The lesser of two evils had to be adopted, and after tho Cbairmnn had thrown the dignity of his ofti io to tho winds by supplying the information so boisterously de manded, the genial P. doubled up for tho night with th« remark that ho only wanted to know if the Chairman knew what the Hoice ?am dimifsing. And the words of the poet flitted just then through an erring reporter's brain: Slowly nml sadly wo put him to bed, ? By it ltslit wo were nMw to borrow, And ctich at us i el t. thutthe poor fellow's head Would couloundeuly uclie oa, tho morrow. 