THE RABBIT PLAGUE. O«c£ more the rabbits are victorious. The scientific attack upon them haa con fessedly failed. A Royal Commission has been studying them in the hope of find ing means for their wholesale extermina tion, and has finally ' given them best. If they had only known of the interest they were excltliig'and how it was mani fested their natural timidity is such that they might have been expected to give ap the ghost from sheer apprehension. What a scare wonld have Bwept over their haunts and homes had they received the intelligence that scientific men from five colonies, aided by experts from [Europe, were consulting how most speedily to classify themamoDgextinctanlmals! Con trariwise how they woald have frisked and capered if they coold only have read the report of that commission, as laid before the Legislative Assembly of New South Wales, and reproduced in oar columns last weak. The work of the In fluential body which has had the question in hanjl seems to have been done very thoroughly. Within a fortnight of twelve months has elapsed since It began its in vestigations. The report Is doubtless valuable, but Its information Is chiefly of a negative character. The problem can hardly be said to be as 'Tar from eolation as ever, for it Is something to have gained the assurance that time and money will not be wasted on methods that mast end in disappointment, but the hoped-for remedy is Btill undiscovered. Manifestly there has been no lack of ingenuity brought to bear. A bonus of £25,000 is a wonderful thing for quickening inven tive genius. We are told that plans for the extermination of rabbits by disea%e were submitted by no less than 115 correspondents, and yet the commission found it necessary to reject them all. Of other methods the number sug gested was veritably legion. Sach. was the multitude that -strict enumeration is not resqrted to, and it Is said ' about '1,400' such schemes were referred to the commission. The particulars of some of them have already been made known, and show that the most elementary knowledge of the conditions under which they would have to be applied was absent. Out of them all there is not one singled oat as worthy of general adoption, and the net conclusion of the whole enquiry Is that no patent process for effecting a prompt and complete clearance of the rabbit pest has been or is likely to be devised. Special mention is of course made of ihp, efforts tn meet the case bv tha ranra sentatlves of M. Pasteur. Great things were expected of these gentlemen, and were promised by them, bat they had under-estimated the difficulties ia their way. They were prepared to kill rabbits that had been already caught, by adding microbes to then? food, to show that domestic animals would not suffer by sach an addition to their diet, and to conduct experiments on an enclosed inland area. One Is tempted to say that if that was all they could accomplish they might as well have remained In France. Anybody can kill a rabbit when he has hold of It by the hind legs. It is a work of aupar ercgation to feed it with certain organisms and let It go again that they may do the woik. If the rabbit must be fed at all, there are arsenic, strychnine/ and a few ether deadly substances, the nature of which we pretty well understand, and why ehonld we import microbes about which we know so little? What was wanted was something that should be self acting In its nature, for otherwise it must be worthless or worse. The refusal of the commission to sanction experiments on an inland area was perfectly justifiable. Chicken cholera for all we know to the contrary might easily have proved a more direful pest than that it waa Intended to displace ; It is as yet absent, and we have plagues enough. No matter how small the area it covered at first, we have quite sufficient experience to warrant us In dreading its power of rapid extension. The continuation of this class of experi ments as conducted by Dr. Katz was equally discouraging. It is stated that If the microbes are exposed in the open au to a temperature of 124 degrees they lose their virulence, and so there Is a limit to their destructive power. Worse than this is the intimation that the disease does not spread freely from affected 'to healthy animals. In a word it is not proved to be Infectious at all, and the difficulty of imparting and at the same time limiting the contagion is simply Insuperable. To give rabbits chicken cholera you must adopt the famous recipe for destroying certain other pests, only when you have caught your rabbit you don't want to trouble about communicating a disease if there 1b a stick handy. Short work Is made of the other reported rabbit scourges. The Tintinallogy disease is said to be simply starvation ; the bladder worm is of partial efficacy and very dangerous ; and the sarcoptes cunicidi is pronounced a failure in the dry districts. The commission condemns the system of compulsory trapping by professional trappers with State bonuses as radically bad, and there is no doubt that the view taken of it Is correct. It offers a premium for extending and perpetuatlng\he plague while pretending to destroy it. It ia as though a fire brigade Bhould scatter fire brands and leave a few smouldering embers, so as to prevent its members being thrown out of employment. The principle that ia advocated is in brief the old maxim — 'Divide and conquer.' Within an enclosure, no matter how large., it is possible to eradicate the pest by pati&nt; and vigorous action, but if It be noA, securely fenced out tha -work will soop. have to be done over again. The commission pins its fahh. to wire- netting 3 feet high and with a mesh of five- eighths of aa Inch,. It recommends, that the erection oi each fencing *hould be mada c^uajmlaory, and alau Ihe destruction/ ' of. rabbits witbio. saohr enclosures. Tha raapoa. Ieib'lt'ro? cL*rfng !:h.3V,J?iBlrifr:-aiocciTv-5-l tsK-.-di fs pUced o?» tha landlords, and from Grown landa on ' tha frOVBraman*;. T!iLs principle 13 recognised la fccnth Aaatralim legislation on the subject. Xae process of extermination will tiob be very epaady, but it u-il! be effectaal if the measures suggested are adopted. It will no doabt be coatlj-, but there will be the cons9(»tlon of knowing that tbe first expanse is &I30; the last. This la rather a prosaic ending of a year's enquiry by such an inflaeatlal acd able commission, bat It is a relief b.-- have got rid for good and all of tha pro ject of fighting the pest by che introduc tion of a new disease that would have cer tainly daagsrooa aad possibly terrible consequencca ? ?? m 