CURRENT TOPICS. -.by recent issue, of a contemporary; "Mr. Edward Pblsfokd,- who is old enough to know bettor, writes that " the greater hulk "of out- imports come from!' the rcdiiT- " hour . countries', (England'; ,'and : 'nils' "-OTHER colonies);1' The 8m all clips a re bur own, the gross- misrepresentation . b"elbii'g;s '.to Mr. K. ' P. Were wo alert . to . dis cover grammatical blunders, wo -. might- ask w!ion did England becomo one of the; " other colonics,!' but we r will let ,. that' . .pass. The tnoro iinjicu-tant query , is. " Wlion (lid England adopt an. eiglHthour system ?" The latest caljliis-toli' nothing of, and do not oven foreshatiiri'.vy the phiuigti, , while; oui'V latest files , refer to the' life-crushing iconditioiis, under whinb Eng land's laborers live, und upon which; her glorious naval supremacy has boon built. . Nine (.hours is ! the loast terin of deiily labor prevailing in the " dear old mother country," ' and in sbine trades 10 hours is nearer to the. average thaii eight; and even at ' (that' the operatives have their woi-h cut .out to keep body! and " soul together. Why, tSion, does' MrJPuLSFORD dare thus to write ? Possibly it is because, he is secretary of tiro "Free- " trade and ' jLiboral Assoeiivtibn," -and is, ! .thorofore,- - perhaps, justified in making free ! with facts, and being liberal in everything cxeopt tl le eternal .truth,- which iattor' is , not -dn , appreciable factor "in controversy on the'Foitsigii-tmde side, -But seriously,' wb ask any admirers of Mr.! ,PuLSFORD— for there nitty be some suoh .pereons in, the' (community— <to justify, . explain, excuse, or palliate tho flagrant error into wliich"ho has fallen in tho sen-, teiicequoted. Tb:'iriak'6 suoh a stu.tbmbnt iti ignorance would be;uupardqiiabl(-. ; to' make' it. deliberately,, and having ki:towledge to tho contrary, would.be infamous to the last- degree,..-!. ;j _'-'."( . .!- . " i..'-.. J--- 1— . ' To. bo' a colleague of Sir Heistry Parkes in a Ministry is tho same thing its being; an understrapper in tho army or liavy, with a martinet .for' commanding officer. : Wo!- make this statement onthe very bost of autho- . rity, namely, that on Mr. Danebl O'Connor, who, in the Houso on Friday night; puhliely confessed that Bitch was the! humiliating relations' subsisting between himself and his, chief. Mr. O'Connor had got permission: from Sir, Henry. Parkes to make a speoch in favor of payment of members when-intro- ducing that "quasi Government measure," but apparently ou the understanding that he .would say nothing calculated to show that tlio principle was worthy .of any decent, politician's acceptance. This agreement Mr. O'Connor violated by at tempting to take tho choap jibe, about L300d year patriots out of the mouths of Mr. Reid and the other high-toned- gentlemen, Sir Henry Parkes included, who think it a', fine thing to be in a position to jeor at members whose poverty will not' allow thorn to servo the country witiiout reimburso-' ment for the ..time and,! money 'spent; in tho discharge of .that duty : Although' Mr. 0!Connor -had charge of the bill, there- fore Sir Henry Parkes, in presence of the whole House, simply " shut : liim up, " and peremptorily forbad him from speaking in reply. But what did the redoubtable stdtos-.; man of the Post- office, who lias boasted that "there' is no tail to this Ministry," do? " In tho army and navy," he said, with a ghastly attempt at apology to the party he was deserting, "the mandates of tho " ohiof had to be obeyed," and with that he abjectly " wilted." It is only " colleagues" of. this kind, however, Quit Sir Henry Parkes will ever tolerate iar liim. In the last Ministry wo have seen hihi udministor an exactly similar snub to Mr. Abigail, and in the cose of Mr. Inolis he went still further by refusing to allow that gentleman to opon his mouth even when his own honor was impugned over the tram-leasing accusa tions, and when any ordinary man would have pitched his portfolio in "his ohiof's'' face rather than be gagged by him in that uulteard-of manner. This is how it is that all Parkes' Governments are tho same — consisting of a Premier and eight clerks. tf— Dr. Jefferis comes to the conclusion after looking around with his own eyeB that tho peoplo of New South Wales aro rapidly be- coming dividod into two classes j tho very rich and the very poor. Although aggregately a wealthy community, pauperism is propor tionately over represented in it. Dr. Jefferis never preached truqr gospel than this in ull his life. The wealth of the country, con sisting mostly of raw material, is in the hands of a few monopolists, who insist upon sending it out of the country and exchang ing it for their otvn exclusive aggrandise ment with tho employers of cheap labor abroad for such manufactured articles as they require. Little or none of it is distributed amongst the people hero. The natural result of this is to mako tho rich richer, and the poor poorer, in tho manner which Dr. Jefferis has remarked His renioiy for this is to in- troduco the co - operativo principle, under which capital and labor shall divido profits according as thoy are realised, instead of by fixed previous agreement, as undur the wages system. What ho does not ex pi kin, however, is ,how tho workman wttv ild live' when thore wore no profits to divide, but. perhaps a loss to be tnado up, N eiitlior has he let us know whether, under h is proposed Baheine, his own sorvants Vfculd he entitled to havo an audit cif the collection plate, and insist on carrying but the co-operative principle 'tty going fair whacks with the pastor. But even supposing, this whole plan wore success fully put in. force to-morrow, what would bs (tlie result ? The price of money in Sydnej is, roughly speaking, about 6 por cent., while in London it can be had for about ,3 per cont. Again, where a laborer gets- £1 a weok in England he' expects about L2 hero. , What use, there fore, would a co- operation he which bad to', carry this crushing handicap. -, The only -thing to do would be to work for the same : remuneration as the lowest competitor, or ! give up the , ghost. The alternative is to Withdraw. from the competitor by shutting out the. low-priced competitor, and Dr. : J efferis may rest assured that this is what the' common sense of both capitalists and laborers will insist upon the country adopting. j- Last >yeelt..iit was announced that there was ran -'opening' for! 200 -navvies -on the new .'railiray -tcorks connected' with the duplication of linos ,, which is; now about starting. '; Tho > ( first whisper-; - of- these glad 'Tidings brought applications from no'1' : loss tliun '1200' men. ' . In face of - a fact.', ' like this tbo ,, boast of the Free-trjxdora, . that " private arenas "of labor " lift vo absorbed all the bona fide unemployed; ' looks foolish' 'indeed.'- They' are not! loafers .who rush. -to; .got qniploymcnt at. railway ; liavvying . under u -private con- qtractoiy who tolerates ncf Government stroke This is not like going to' -work for a cttsmil labor .board, and it may isafoly, ,be said that , oVery one of these men was a genuine'' applicant ' for- the'1 lowest 1 paid' and hardest kind of! work " that tho colony affords.. It. is by no inchns ..likely. that any. ono wished to. exchange from other oeoupa( fiotis to that of a railway ' navvy. Fred- trade, ove are told, gives bmploynioiit to' a lot of clerks; wharfingers! shopkeepers, and 1 '' others whom it enables to.livo in: the' enjoy- '. .mont of.oyory reasonable comfort, and turn out on holidays in - welbdresspd. crowds to overrun all the pleasure resorts about the city. We stippose we - will be ' allowod to assume that none of these : were eager lei' ' accept tho lowest paid navvy work on the ... railway, will: all its rough eoiieomitauts, -in... exchange for their present . comfortable billets. It is clear, then," that all ' the applicants . wore ' men; whorit Freo- trade has not provided berths for. Twelve hundred - -,'- of these rushed forward at' a minute's notice in eager candidature for 200 vacancies ; jusl oix ineu for. oycry, vacant; navvy's place! This moans that lOOOtof .theth went away disappointed; And yet we are to be told that there are no unemployed in Sydney, because by repealing the ad . -valorem' duties two years ago. Parkes, PqusFORD, andCo. have got, tliem all snug billets in tho "private "avenues" of' labor, -These 'avenues' must Certainly be very " private." So much so, indeed, ;that to everyoTie'Tiut Parkes aud Pulsford: their whereabouts lias all along been a hevmetically soivled mystery. ' It is a pity that! sortie of .the thousand disappointed railway laborers could not be "lot in" the -great seeretr just now. > One timo, ' when '-Sir- Henry . Parices 1 was moderately young an d approximately, iiino- eent, lie gratified: his: enemies by publishing ' a.bpok sotting forth iu luscious iambics how t a ' mythical party 'tiainbd Stella " got T "shook" on him, and usetl to kiss him up on j the mountain top. It. is common enough in 1 tho OxporionOe of good-looking young fellows I as Sir Henry Parkes was in those am brosial days when! Plauous was consul, to i havo girls taken that way, but the tincom- ! mbn .circumstance' in this particular oaso was that' Miss Stella had such a strange fauoy j for osculatory performances on tho summits J of- high ' mountains. : This is what a probably struck' Sir Henry with ' the J idea of publishing the imaginary incident,' 1 together with others., of an' equally ! interesting . character y'iii' a book of j- "poems." ' The fun that Mr. Willlim Forster . used to have witli ;. this book j is a matter of history, until . in an un. j- guarded moment he fell into, the samo predi- 1 camont as his victim by publishing a book of alleged - poetry himself. The «. mythical Stella after that could :go on hugging her lovor on the mountain top as much as she liked, and that horrid ogre who always tippoared in the person of Mr, Wtuaam Forster' lio more : dared to intorfei'O with her innoeont dalliance! He did not Burvivo long after this, and - eventually | Sir Henry : got tired of poor Stella, and ' tho book in which she disported herself was let go . out of print, while he took to immortalising "foolish : doggies and "big-eyed froggies." .But. last week somebody took compasBiofi "6n'"lifie poor neglected female, and bought a. copy of " Murmurs of tho Stream " for £1 sterling. Ho is evidently a foe of Sir Henry's, and, as the purchase was effected at Manly, we should not wonder if he was the defeated candidate at the recent election. Some ! people never forgive their defeats, and are ' capable of resorting to any devieo for the ' purpose of avenging them. ' 