A 'HAUNTED HOUSE.' MYSTERIOUS RAPPINGS IN A CELLAR, Aremarkable'ghoBt'story comes from Green wich, in England. It appearB thet Mr. Peter Bothwick, in the employ of the South Metro politan Gas Company, had redded for three years with bis family at 14, Horaeferry-road. Greenwich, a four-roomed houee. Mrs. Both wick had been troubled by hearing inexplicable noises, which her husband tried to explain away; The previous tenant, who occupied the house for 29 years, states that he never heard any noises, but bis Wife often complained to him that she had heard Bounds like children felling out of bed. About two years ago the Bothwicks wereaway fromnome.andaneighbor BtateB that during their absence he heard lond reppinps in the houee. Twelve months after, in July, 1888, Mr. Both wick was in the country for a holiday, and on the 26th there were in the hocEe Mrs. Bothwick, Mrs. Stedman, and Mcs. Lloyd. At 10 minutes to 11 theBe three ware in the back sitting room, which is divided from the paEsage by a wooden partition running to the top of the houee, when they h~*rd three hard blows as of a man's fist on the c 'ar door. Much alarmed they rushed off to bad, and heard no more that night. On Mr. Both wick's return he put a new floor to the cellar, making it even with the passage. All went well until July 25 of the present year, the anniversary of the former manifestation. At 20 minutes to 10 at night there were ia the house Mrs, Bothwick and Mr. and Mrs. Lloyd, while a Mrs. Parkinson was in the next house 'adjoining the passage. The three per sons firstnamed heard loud raps on the parti tion, and Mr. Lloyd went out, but saw no one, and searched the -cellar with similar result. The rapping continued, sometimes appearing to be on the partition and sometimes under the stairs. It turned out that Mrs. Parkinson was not the person rapping, and on Mr. Lloyd giving a rap on the wall be was startled by hearing at the cellar door close to his elbow three knocks which shook the partition, and were almoBt sufficient to knock the cellar door down. He opened the door on the instant and searched the cellar, but found nothing. He knocked again, and in reply there came three terrific knocks on the cellar door, which Mr. Lloyd had just doted. He immediately opened it again, and nothing could be seen, although a lamp in the passage shone into the cellar. Shortly afterwards Mr. Bothwick and Mr. Parkinson, who had been out together, re luriied home. The knocking continuing, they made a careful inspection of both houses, bat fovmd nothing unusual, Half an hoar later two police officers arrived, arid stayed some time. Tile knockings con tinued as, before, at one time on the cellar door, at another on the stairs or at different parts of the partition. The people who were in the house also etafce that they distinctly heard foot steps on the floor above the passage, but on going up could see no one. The police con eicered the matter a practical joke, but could not suggest how it was done. Meanwhile the knee king, which could be plainly heard on the other side of the road, bad attracted a large crowd, and one of the men volunteered to com municate with the ' spirit.' A conversation somewhat to the following effect ensued : — Are you a man ? No answer. Are you English? Three raps, supposed to mean yes. Are yon a woman 2 Three raps. Ate you in preat trouble ? Three rapB. Have the people in this house harmed you? No answer. You are troubling this house a deal ? Tbree rape. Did your friends harm you? Three taps. Did they kill you ? Three tre mendous raps. Mrs. Bothwick here exclaimed, ' For gracious sake let the man go away !' He renaiceijs however, at Mr. Bothwick'e wish, and continued the questioning, with the result that the interrogator ptccGunced that a woman was troubling the houee on account of some prime com mitted many years ago. About midnight the knocking began to subside, and the crowd dispersed, but the Bothwick family would not go to bed. Mrs. Bothwick lay on the bed for an hour or so with her clothes on, and Mr. Bothwick sat on a couch till he went to work at 6 next mornirg, and two young men stayed with him. The rapping gradually died away, and ceaeed altogether about 1 o'clock. The Bothwicks determined not to remain in the houee, and on the following Tuesday removed to Haddoetreet. sitting up on nearly all the in tervening days until midnight, Two ladies, who appeared to be interested in the subject of spiritualism, called before they removed, and said they rhould have liked to hear the rappings. One of them said Bhe did not Epppose the fl spirit' would trouble anyone till next year, but it might, as it had been Epoken to, One of those awful tragedies which mike melodramas seem realistic has occurred (says the Sundag Times) at Chicago, near San Fran* cuco, among people who move in good society. Miss Eva Adkins was engaged to be married to Mr. Raymond Bierce, and Mr. Neil Hubbs, the intimate friend of Bierce, was invited to be best man. He proved to be the worst man, for on the night before the wedding day he eloped with Mies Adkins and married her. Atter a few days the happy pair reformed to town and called upon the mother of the bride to explain how love is lord of all. Bierce was in the house a&d; commenced firing up Hubba, who returned the compliment. Hubbs stopped to reload his pistol, and Bierce put a bullet into the head of Mrs. Hubbs. Then the two men resumed their combat, Bierce died. Hubbs is fatally wounded. Mrs. Hubbs will probably recover, bandecme and famous widow. There are many Delilahs, but only one Sam son (8a jb the Leeds Mercury), and he is perform ing at the Royal Aquarium, London, where his feats of strength are certainly of an original and marvellous character. The spectator as he watches feels that it is better to be friendly with such a man. With a blow of his fiat he breaks an iron chain that will bear a pressure of 3,C00 Ib. With his two hands grasping a Bbott chain of 2,500 lb. ascertained pressure he makes a momentary effort and pulls the iron chain to bits; [and in what seema the most wonderful feat, namely, fastening two tight iron chain bracelets or armlets round his biceps, the spectator may view the process from begin ning to end. One hears the strong man take a long breath, eeeB the muscles of his arm grow ing bigger and bigger, and the cords of his neck swelling with the sustained effort, his face crimsoning ; and then, in the silence, those nearest the stage can hear a curious little sundering snap ; it is the double chain armlet that has broken and that the next second falls ricging . to the floor. When Samson's fist is clenched and he is ready to strike, the measure ment of his upper arm round biceps and triceps is 19£ inches, which, we may casually remark, is considered a tolerable waist for a young lady. Among some of his minor feats Ssmeon took a penny piece from one of the audience* and at one trial bent it with his fingers as one may bend a railway -ticket, held it up to view for & second, and then deliberately broke it in half and returned the pieces to the owner. The strong man next bent a four-foot iron gaepipe round - his neck, and cheerfully straightened it again by repeated blows on bis left arm, each arm being for the nonce a species of anvil. Fourteen men came upon the stage by invitation to pull against him ; but Samson, not deeming them enough or sizing up their athletic capabilities with a professional eye, expressed a wish for four more. These men he divided into nice a eide, the two sides nearly the width of a ' man's stretch apart, and each side being pro vided with and grasping a strong and lengthy iron rod. Before placing himself between them Samson stimulated their ardour by promising £100 to them if he failed to move them, and apparently there was a grateful determination on the men's faces to win the , pour boire. Then there was a sh»n sharp ; straggle; the men held their ground for a ? brief space, were pulled together, a&d; the next ; moment thrust apart, and finally, swaying as they went, were carried away by the intensity of one straining man in their midst. Samson is a many of 31, of French origin, « native of Alsace-Lowaine. He came from America, and this was his fijtstappeararjce in England, At 15 yew« of «ge be«atered tfae Circus B*nz as an athlete, ana palled against horses and elephants r; at 16 he commenced to wrestle; *»d from that time KB the present he has left untried no xaewae whereby be xan maintain; tram, asd develop bu extraordinary «trengtb. 