Legislative Assembly . Tuesday;* 21st Mat. Now the wandering outside rabble Listen to the Members' gabble, With its cheap and childish babble. The House having met at 3.30 p.tn., Billy Pattison, who has been before his constituents since last session, was sworn in, Premier Morehead and Sir Thos. M'llwraith beibg his " godfathers." The Speaker announced that Judge Harding would be Elections Judge for the year. Sinecure. Barlow, of Ipswich, presented petitions respecting some casualties at the Little Ipswich railway cross ing, with evident afterthought for compensations Morehead promised to lay all the correspondence relative to the Chinese Restriction Bill on the table of the House on Thursday. The pro forma Bill showing the independence of the Commons was this year a Bill to provide for the speedy discharge of the cargoes of ships arriving at the port of ^Brisbane. It was read a first time. Morehead modestly announced the Ministerial changes rendered necessary by Sir Thomas M'll wraith's ill-health. Address-in-Reply. A committee having been appointed to draw up an Address-in-Reply to the Governor's Speech, and having presented the said address, A. F. Luya, of South Brisbane, moved its adoption. He touched favorably on the items of the Speech seriatim; rpgretted recent actions respecting pleuro pneumonia had not been mentioned; hoped the suspended railway chief, Curnow, would not suffer either in dignity or in emoluments; credited the tariff with haviDg already established new industries; patted the Government for insistingon white crews being employed in mail steamers; and said the Speech, as-a whole, was one of great promise indeed, and that the Government was to be congratulated on its evident earnest desire to legislate only on matters affecting the stability and happiness of the colony generally. John Murray, of Normanby, seconded. He hoped to see the tariff revised when the deficit was wiped out, and wanted a tax on absentee capitalists. He expressed pleasure at the prospect of a Civil Service Bill, and of land law amendment, denouncing in unmeasured terms the present system of indefeasible leases held by pastoral lessees. He quoted statistics to show that Rockhampton exported more values than 'Brisbane by half a million sterling. He believed in a Payment of Members' Bill and agreed with the Speech generally. Sir S. W. Griffith's criticism was irrelevant and cot at „all destructive. He sneered somewhat at Morehead's assumption of the Premiership, and raised up the ghost of the disrated Exhibition Commission (T. Macdonald-PMterson), He jeered at the tariff as a squeezing process 'which, taxed the necessaries of life. rHe asked the Government if it intended to revive the black labor question to do so this year. He congratulated the Government on its stipulation with regard to white crews in mail steamers, and in adhering as far to the Chinese' Bill of last year. He was pleased to be amused over the differences^ which he 'said existed in the fiscal theories of the members of the Cabinet, and "asked the Government to be explicit as to whether its policy was to be one of Free Trade or Protection; Morehead ably countered Sam's very feeble attacks. He argued that Macdonald- Patterson wqs properly punished^ and said that but for the action of Sir Thos. Mcllwraith 'in regard to Governor Blake, this colony would have had a Govern r who might not have been so favorably received as Sir Henry Norman. "We have now a say, and we intend to have a say," added the Pre mier, " as to. who our Governor shall be." He com* pletely exploded the general: notion, about the tariff. He showed that the increase in taxation for nine months had been «£187,000;/and thatj out of all thisj not £10,000 had been derived from the necessaries of life on which the working men had to pay higher duties. The fact was that the prices on necessaries had been cunningly and unwarrantably raised by the middlemen. In reference to the Chinese Bill, More-. head said that he had yielded something to the opinions of the majority of bis colleagues, but he was still of opinion that the Bill would have now been law, and that, too, without comment, had it not been for Sam. Griffith's " preposterous amendment in reference to perpetual imprisonment, which no human being could justify;" However, the Govern ment was determined to hold its own against the Imperial Government when, it considered itself in the right; and it ill became Sir Samuel to attempt to shift the cloak of Imperialism from his own shoulders to those of the Government! .He refused to be pre maturely drawn either as to the Government's policy with regard to the sugar industry, or as to its collec tive views on Protection. He said that when the deficit was wiped off, the great questions of Protec tion and Free Trade would have to be considered, and then, possibly, there might be a dividing of parties. Arthur Rutledge found little in the Speech to dispraise, and was mildly complimentary through out. He only deprecated the further amendment of . the Land Act. Maurice Hume Black, Minister of Lands, sar donically told the House that Sam Griffith was astray in dreading thatr the Government intended to re-introduce the system of pre-emptive right into the land legislation of the colony; it was merely intended to improve the Act of 1884 by making it mere easily workable, and by encouraging settle ment, especially the settlement of small areas. On finance, Black made a neat retort. He said that on two occasions the Griffith administration had increased the taxation, but, notwithstanding all that, it left to its successors a deficit of .£602,000. Barlow heavily, but unwillingly, approved of most of the Speech. J. B. L. Isambert couldn't see that this Govern ment had reduced expenditure, and wanted the tariff revised further in the direction of Protection. Horace Tozer gave a half advocacy of black labor, wanted the Government to pronounce itself definitely on Protection, and talked mining interests very- big. Jordan moved the adjournment of the debate, and the House adjourned at 20 minutes to 9 o'clock till next day. Legislative Council House met at 3.30 p.m.. Dr. C. F. Marks was duly sworn in as a new member. An Address-in-Reply having been duly prepared, Dr. Marks moved, and Mr. Thorneloe Smith seconded, its adoption. Dr. Taylor faintly declined to criticise it, and Mr. A. H. Wilson moved the adjournment of the debate. House adjourned at 4.55 p.m. till next day. 