A MIKE'S MOTS. A B? J. MONK FOSTER, Aiit'-.T ; ' Oarchestcr's Vengeance,' 'For Love ana Gold,' A Poor Man's Tragedy/ etc. cnai tkb XII.— The Pit on Fihe— Found. All the members of the rescue party were fully aware of the dangerous nature of their work. A second explosion might occur at any moment and sweep them all away — even at that instant another explosion might be brew ingin some far-away comer of the mine. Knowing their peril they were on their guard, going cautiously along. Waiter's heart grew a little less heavy when he found that the ventilating current was sweeping along as usual. This fact told him that the explosion had not shaken down the roof so as to impede the nir-ioh and outrush of pure air, without which it would have been impossible to enter the mine. If Lady Ruth had not been killed by the explosion there was a chance of saving her life if nothing interfered with the ventilat ion of the mine, Walter and his party had not proceeded far when he stopped suddenly, saying : ' Hush, lads T Don't you smell something? I tliink the coal is on iire somewhere close by.' Several of the miners averred also that they could smell Summit bruunin,5 and going cautiously onwards their suspicions were verified. There iu front of them blazed a glowing mass of lire. The rich coal spluttered and flared like a big furnace, and the atmosphere was impregnated with a considerable amount of ' fire-damp.' In an hour or so, perhaps sooner, the atmosphere would reach an ex plosive point, and unless the fire was extin guished before that time another explosion would ensue. Teller's mind was made up in a moment. The fire must be extinguished, if possible — at least, the effort to do so should bo made. The coal was burning on the higher side of the way, and along the lower side a stream of water ran out of some disused workings. A score of wiping men with buckets might yet master the fire. Everyone of you run to the pit shaft as fast ; as you can go. There will be another explosion in k- while if thus fire isn't put out. You, John son,' u grizzly old miner, 4 must go after Jack Maine s, and tell him what has happened. Bring dock and all his gang back with you at once, and bring all the buckets you can find. You'll get some in the stables ; there are others in the engine-house on the surface. Now go, and be quick bade. I'll wait hero for you. Perhaps a life depends on your speed.' "Walter seated himself upon a piece of coal a few yards from the fire as coolly as though he had been sitting down at Sir \Vilton Haigh's dinner-table. He did not underrate the danger, but he wished to inspire his men with courage, and his cool words and even cooler action had the desired effect. The miners dashed awav at full speed to execute his orders, each one eager to distinguish himself by quickness and daring. In a short time a score of men, most of them hearing a bucket, came upon their young master Still -seated and coolly regarding the fire, which had greatly increased in size. Walter jumped to liis feet all vigour and eao-prn«s and then Die hot, hard work Commenced. /n we oeat the fire we live ; if it beats us we die,' cried Walter, flinging off cap and coat, . and seizing a bucket. If we don't put the fire out iu half an hour there will be an explosion — you know what an explosion means. >. tu8 €terdy Bfinors had flung off all their clothes abovo their waists, and they worked as : only men can work when they know their lives . are at stake. In half an hour the fire was beaten. The workers had been reinforced by a i new gniif headed by the manager of the mine, and Uu.s facilitated Die work. After a few minutes rest the whole of the men proceeded to the far end of the mine — that part where Lady Ruth had been last seen. Walter guessed rightly that her ladyship had taken the wrong way when following them, after stopping to tie lior boot, and had got into what were called the back-airways.' Walter had formed his own theory regarding Published by special arrangement with the author. the cause of the explosion, and ©a reaching rax end of tho mine his theria turned out correct. - The nils -shot had gone off after hanging fire for hours, setting tire to a considerable quantity of fire-damp,' which had accumulated in the vicinity owing te a fell of roof. _ reaching this point Walterdivi&ed; his men into three gangs, sending each gangin a different direction, iu order to scour all the old wa vs with greater facility. -Walter was now in a pitiable state. Hb ex pected each moment to come across the dead body of the woman he loved ; . for eveu if she had not been killed by the explosion, the deadly 4 after-damp ' or carbonic acid gas formed by the explosion would have smothered her. All the men: converged towards an -agreed- upon point, and when they met none of them had been successful. Again the men parted, scoured a fresh portion of the mine, and still were unsuccessful. Again and -again the men explored different parts of the mine, working their way from the far end towards the pit shaft. Walter's heart began to glow with hope. ; There was a chance now of Lady Ruth being alive if she were so far away from tho seat of the explosion when it happened, and a mute, eloquent prayer rose from his soul that such might indeed be tho case. If hi3 darling were : alive he would be content ; he cared not for the . money the explosion would cost him. Walter was going cautiously over a big stone that had fallen out of the roof and almost blocked the way, when his hand touched some thing soft. It was a handkerchief — Lady Ruth's he knew, for it bore her initials elaborately wrought in one corner. ' She can't be far away now,' he cried, joy fully, and he sprang eagerly forward, and his foot caught something hard which almost tripped bim up. Bending down he sa w a lamp. 'Twas the one he had lit and handed to Lady Ruth some hours before. She must- be close by. She could not have gone far in the dark, he thought, and glancing round ho saw something lying in a hole in the side— a form, lying deathly still. 1 Good God ! she is dead !' he cried, in his agony, and, stooping, he lifted the slight form in his arms. But Lady Ruth was not dead. She slept, and ' her slumber passed away as Walter pressed her ' convulsively to his breast, for he thought her dead, and ho forgot that liis men were standing ; bv watching him, and even touched to tears by liis passionate outburst. Then Ruth Gordon's eyes opened; she re cognised with a start the face that was peering ! so lovingly and anxiously into her own, and she flung her arms around Ms neck, crying in tones of passionate endearment "Walter! Walter! Thank God, you have 8avedmc!' Then, seeing the rough miners standing by, each of them hooking sheepish enough now, she hid her burning face on her rescuer's breast, and the hot, thankful tears flowed freely down her cheeks. Chapter XIII. — -THE SIKS OF HIS YOUTH. Now see that noble and most sovereign Tea on. Like swc-et hells jangled, out of tune and harsh-c-_ That unmatched form and feature of blown youth, Blasted with ecstasy. Hamlet. Six weeks have passed since Wilson Gray ' experienced that terrible shock which had unseated his reason, aud the passing of that time had produced no change for the better in his condition. The demented man was not confined to his chamber, and he wandered aim lessly about the Priory and park adjoining, apparently oblivious of everything passing near Mm. Wilson was never violent, and the doctors permitted him. his liberty ; but a close watch was kept on all his movements. One phrase lie babbled continually, as a child iterates some word just added to its growing vocabu lary. lt was Alice ! It was Alice !' he muttered, in hushed tones, through which a tremour of awe ran. His poor, twisted brain was dwell ing on some past episode of Ms life, and ha could think of nothing else. At times there came to Wilson brief snatches of semi- sanity, daring which periods he could re member in a hazy sort of way his life prior to the shock. Lady Ruth had paid great attention to her stricken mate, and everyone thought her the most devoted of wives. She was wondering if Wilson had made a will, and, if so, what that document contained. So far as her knowledge went, Wilson had never made a will, had not even mentioned such a thing ; still, she thought it possible he might have made one privately and hidden it, as she had often heard of men doing. __ . ..... . She walked about the X notj with uiniy sau when people were praising her watchfulness and love, sordid motives filled her mind But if she expected her husband to unearth some testamentary document in ins rambles she was disappointed, and unable to rest without the knowledge she desired, ehe wrote to Mr. J ohn Braile, who was Wilson's solicitor, asking if he had ever drawn up a will for her husband. Tho solicitor answered, no. Partially satis fied, Lady Ruth twisted her clever brains about -rill she had devised a method of ensuring Wilson's great fortune to herself in case he died, and an opportunity of setting her scheme in motion came quickly Unaided, she prepared a document be queathing all her husband's belongings to her self solely. She was very careful in drawing up this paper ; days were consumed m thinking it out and putting it on paper. But it was done at last, and all that was rem to make the document legal and herself Wilson Gray's heiress was her hrysband's name and the names ©f witnesses. She knew her power over Wilson when in h>« right senses, and she prayed that the cloud might lift off his mind for one short hour just to stamp her scheme with the rc- WhenSS Wfison Gray obtained a snatch of sanity he found himself in his wife's pretty boudoir. She was reclining on. a low luxurious chair — upholstered to match her rich com plexion — and he was seated on a buffet at her feet. He awoke to his senses to find his head in her lap ; her magnificent arms thrown caress ingly around his neck ; her peerless face bent lovingly down to his own, and her soft liquid brown eyes were brimful of tears. Tlia.uk God, darling ! you are better again. ; It seems heaven to see sense in your eyes once more. Your misfortune made my life a hell, for, Wilson, I thought you were going to die, and what should I have done then, but die too. But it is all over now. You will soon be well again,' She spoke iu. a desp, fervent tone, and her shapely form; thrilled, her soft arms clung to Mm convulsively, and the first thing that lie realised dearly was. his beautiful wife's devo tion. to himself and his own -absorbing love for her. His first words were a compliment to her. 4 1 would almost suffer anything to win such devotion,' he said with a faint smile. 4 Hush!' she remonstrated, clasping him closer and closing his mouth with her" sweet, red lips. "We have both suffered enough already. You must get better immediately.' 4 I fell half dead, darling — what's the matter? Where have I been ?' 1 Don't agitate yourself, now, dear. I will tell you all soon. Rest where you are. Isn't your head easy there V While she spoke thus she was thinking of the matter nearest her heart. How was she to get Wilson to sign the will she had prepared r She was enduring agonies of torture. Any moment he might relapse again and his name" still un written. How was she to Gbtain her end with- : out showing her hand r While these thoughts filled her brain she was kissing and clipping the man at her knees, and presently he put an end to her difficulty. 4 1 have been very ill I know,' he said, 4 and might have died and left you unprovided for. How thoughtless of me not to liave made a will before. I will do so at once ! ' She chided him gently for his hastiness; vowed that she did not want his money, aud ad mitted in the same sentence that she would like I their child to inherit all his father's wealth. He was firm, even obstinate, in Ms resolve to draw up a will there and then ; she pointed out that a will was not necessary ; still he was determined, and began to .talk incoherently, and she saw that his senses were going. Now was Lady Ruth's time. She seized it. The paper was" brought out; Wilson Gray wrote his name; twoser- : vants were called in. She places her husband tenderly in the low chair, aud when the simple : domestics came in said : 4 There is a paper on the table you? master wishes you to sign at once. Oblige me by doing ; so. You first, Simmons — now you, Williams. Your master is much better to-day and will ; have tea. with me here. Am so much obliged to you both — please close the door.' The servants left the room and Wilson Gray was fast sinking into idiocy again. One moment a gleam of love and pride shone in his eyes' as he looked on his wife ; the next the light left them and looked on other things Suddenly he shook himself as though he had been a wet dog. He was trying to shake his Main clear, -i --end, partially succeeding, cried out : 4 Send for ir>v cousin — send for "Walter! I must see Mm, Ruth.' Then ho dropped back on the chair from which he had half risen. I will telegraph instantly,' she cried. 4 Do you want him particularly:' It was Alice ! It was Alice ' he answered in ; reply, his reason gone again. Lady Ruth was walking about the room her pulse beating fast, and her face flushed with the gladness of success. Satisfied with her clever ness which had made her sole heiress to nearly a million of money, she scarcely noticed the idiot babbling in "her chair. She was in the midst of a world of her own creation, where all her ambitions were successful. In her examina tion Wilson Gray was dead and tombed, and she was again wed, and to her old lover, Walter Gray. , . The devil in her ladyship was developing rapidly. _ ... Wilson Gray had taken very little food since the disaster, and a few days after signing the document, Lady Ruth had prepared he was con fined to hi bed, being still quite unconscious. The physicians held out no hopes of his recovery. They attributed his loss of reason to some great shock, but were unable to say what particular thing had occasioned it. His wife and child were doing well at the time he lost his senses, and all his mines and other financial speculations were in a satisfactory condition. At length Wilson became so enfeebled that his death was daily, almost momentarily, ex pected, and still he remained dead to all aboiit bun. One day, about two months after his attack, Wilson regained his senses, to the sur prise of his attendants, who each moment ex pected him to relapse into his previous deranged condition Wilson gazed wonderingly around the room like one suddenly awakened from a long, deep deep. He looked about with expectant eyes as though looking for some one. Do yon want her LadysMp ?' said the nurse, she only left the room a few minutes ago. Shall I send for her ?' 4 No, no ! I don't want my wife. I want my cousin — my cousin waiter, wnere is no r 4 I do not think that your cousin is here, but wc can send for Mm if youwant him.' Walter not here? Why, it seems weeks ago since I told Ruth to send for him. Are you sure that he is not here F ' No. But I will inquire. Perhaps he may have come.' , , The nurse-rang a bell, and of the servant Who answered her summons she Inquired if her patient's cousin, Walter Gray, was staying at the Priory, and she replied in the negative. The servant sayB that Mr. Gray is not stay ing at the Priory,' said the nurse. Then he must be sent for at once,' replied Wilson irritably, Tell my wife that I want her at once.' . In a few moments Lady Ruth came into the » room, beautiful as ever, and with the prettiest possible simulation of surprised joy upon her countenance. 4 You want me, Wilson, don't you ? How glad I am that you are better. You w ill soon get etroog again. You may leave us, nurse, fox a while. What is it, dear V 4 Hasn't my cousin come yet, Ruth ?' 4 Your cousin,5 she said, opening her eyes with the most perfect assumption of surprise,. 4 why, hehas.not been sent for, has he ?' 4 Not been sent for ? Why, I told you to send for Mm, didn't I r' 4 No, no I I assure you ' I know that I did, and you promised to send at once.' - 4 Ycu must bare been mistaken, dear. In your, late condition you might easily imagine that you did, but I assure you that you are mistaken.' 1 1 feel confident that I was right, but it's HO use talking about it. I want to see W alter at once. I will send a telegram to Mm immediately. Where is my man, Williams V 1 will aeo about it going, Wilson. - Do not let it- trouble yon,' said Ruth, with, sweet solici tude No, I'll send it. Send for Williams.' When his valet came Wilson dictated to Mm the following message: — Dear Cousin, — Come to the Priory at once. I am dying. Must see you. Have much to tell you.' 4 Lose no time in despatching the message, Williams,' said Wilson. It will reach Walter in half-an-hour, and he'll get here some time to night.' The valet departed on his errand, and then Ruth expected that her husband would have told her why lie wanted his young kinsman so particularly ; but he said not a word, and soon after fell asleep. After waiting a little Lady Ruth crept from the rooms wondering still what Wilson wanted to tell Walter, and if she would get to be present during their conversation. The telegram readied Walter late in the afternoon, mid he was amazed at the intelligence it contained, for he had not had the slightest in timation of his relative's illness. Walter at cnce started for Aldayne, reaching the Priory a little before nine. He found Wil son anxiously awaiting Ms coming, quite sane now, but looking terribly ill. Lady Ruth was with her husband, and she expected that her old lover would have been confused and awkward upon meeting her again. But Walter met her quite coolly. His eyes met heris frankly, as though they had never been 4 more than " kind' to each other. Her crafty ladysMp had been beside her husband for the tost hour, thinking that if she were in the room when Walter came Wilson would not ask her to leave whilst he conversed with Ms relative. But her scheming did not serve her. To her intense chagrin her husband requested her to withdraw, i and she had no voice, so obeyed. ! 4 How long have you been ailing?' said Walter i as he seated himself by the bed. 4 Your tele- : gram amazed me. But you axe not so bad aB i you imagine, Wilson ?' 4 I'm bad enough, Walter, and feel that I shan't get over it. But, is it true that you had : not heard of my illness before receiving my telegram?' 4 True enough, I assure you ; but you have not been ill long, have you ?' 4 It is strange that Ruth did not send you j word of my attack. I have been ill since a few days after my wife was confined, and almost all that time have been unconscious. No one is aware of my attack, but I will tell you. I was always inclined to scepticism — I flouted the idea of ghosts and such things, but I believe them now.' 4 Never mind talking about it if it troubles you,' said Walter, thinking that Wilson was wandering again, though he looked sensible enough ? 4 But, I must tell you ; but, perhaps, I had better begin at the beginning. Well, you know, Walter, that I was a wild fellow when young. I did many disreputable things, but the worst of all is that of which. I am going to tell you. A few months before I left England go suddenly, so many years ago, I had been on a visit to Elmhurat, a place in Derbyshire kept by afriendof mme, Captainpomyns, Whiiethere I fell in love with a very beautiful girl, who lived at a farm close by, and she returned my affection. After a great deal of persuasion I induced her to elope with me one night, and wo were married in a little village about forty or fifty miles away — I forget its name. 4 Strange you do not rememMg the name of Che village, "Wilson !' 4 1 don't remember the name at all. It is such a time since, and we did not stop in tho place long, only a few days.5 4 But, at Least you recollect the shire you were married in r' 4 Gertainly, it was in Yorkshire. I remember that well enough. But why do you ask, Wal ter?5 4 1 thought the knowledge might be useful to me afterwards.' 4 Oh, certainly. Well, as I was telling you, we were married, and we lived very happily to gether for a short time. I believe I could have nettled down find been a better man had my father but given me another triaL A short time before I was married my father had stopped my- allowance, and my credit was bad, and you will understand that soon after the wedding we became very hard up. I determined to make one more appeal to my father, and this time personally. So one flay I set out for Torleigh, takiwg with me our marriage certificate — my parents did not know of my marriage— and my wife's portrait.' 4 When I arrived in the Platts, I toundno one in the house but the servants. My parents had grne to spend a week or twoWrith some of their Lends in Chester. I was undecided what to do. I could not follow them to Chester, so at last I decided to wait a day or two for them. I placed the marriage lines and my wife's portrait in an old volume at the top of one of the book frames in the library, and probably it remains there to this day. I suppose you still live in the old house?' 4 Yes. I live there still 4 Well, I only stayed a day. Then I went away, and being almost penniless, in a desperate moment, I foiged my father's name. I was about to return to my wife, who was enceinte, when it b truck me that my feiWmiglat harsh measures against me. and % fled to America. I sent some of the money to my wife, thinking of- returning some day to Ewgiafd. But years rolled away and X did not return, and' I should not haye been here to-day but for fhah scrap of paper I picked up in Collins street, Mel bourne;' - 4 You know the rest of my story up to the t ime of my illness. The thought of what I had done in my youth "troubled me a great deal after my marriage. I was constantly of the woman I had deserted, and & day or two after Ruth's confinement I saw the ghost of my wife, as fresh and as beautiful. as the day I first met her. I fainted away, and they said that I be came insane.' 4 Now I tliink that either my wife or her child is alive, and I want you to look thera up. - I want to make what atonement I can, .and I shall have a will made leaving the bulk of my property to my first wife and her child if they arc alive.' 4 If your firstwife is living, her ladyship will bv placed in a painful position, and her child will be illegitimate. ' 4 Yes, bat it cannot be helped now, and I aai determined to do justice for Alien and hei child. You will hunt them, up for me r' 4 Yes, I will do all I can.' Then followed a" few moments of silence. Wilson was fatigued .with bis recital, and Walter was deeply absorded in thoughts, originated by his cousin's story of his early sin. Somehow the narrative "had reminded him of that other story he had heard from his school- mistress a short time before. Could it bo possible that his cousin was the father of Alice Wilson ? It was not probable, or her name would have been Alice Gray. Yes, their stories looked re mnch alike, and — the thought flashed through his mind — perhaps bis cousin had not married in his own surname. He would a£k Wilson, who had not mentioned it in his conversation. 4 1 suppose that you married in your own name, Wilson,' Walter ventured to remark, assuming an indifferent tone. 4 Oh, no, Iliad forgotten to mention it to you. I was married in the name of Robert Wilson.. 1 Lord Hayburne persuaded me not to use my i surname, and I followed his advice, though I 1 can scarcely tell you why, for I loved I Alice Mayburae, and never intended to desert | her as I did afterwards — what is the matter, Walter?5 Walter had risen excitedly on hearing his cousin say he had not married in his surname. He felt almost certain now that Alice was Wilson Gray's daughter, but would it be ad visable to mention the matter to his cousin in Ins present condition, and after all he might be mistaken. 4 What is the matter, Waiter ?' 1 believe, Wilson, that the child of your first marriage is alive,' said Walter, re-seating himself. 4 1 am not certain, but I think so.' '4 4 Alive! Where? and where is her mother?' 'Do not agitate yourself, aud i will tell you. Bat your caud is a daughter, aim her mother is dead,' if what I believe is true.' As clearly and as briefly as he could Walter related what he knew of Alice Wilson's history, and Wilson was convinced that the school mistress was his daughter; 4 You must not be too sanguine, Wilson, for after all Alice might not be your child, though! feel quite satisfied that she is.' 4 There is not the slightest doubt about it. You must bring her here at once, and then X can satisfy myself as to whether she is Alice's child or not.' 4 1 will return to Toiieigh by the first train that I can get, and bring Alice to you.' 4 Yes, do. I am eager to see her. Yon have put fresh fife into mo, Waiter, and I feel that I shall not die till I have seen her. And you say that rim is the mistress of your school/ 4 Yes, but she is sometMng_ more to me frbsm my schoolmistress, she is to be my wife.' 4 1 am glad to hear that. My father's for tune will be yours after all How strange all -this is !' 4 You talk as though you were dying. Cheer up. You are worth a hundred dead men yet. You are better than yon think.5 4 My constitution is gone, Walter. I ruined myself physically, as well as financially and morally in my wild days. What time do you think of leaving Aldayne? Lose no time. 4 By the 5.30 a.m. train, which is the first to pass through the village. We shall get back to the Priory about noon to-morrow.' 4 Well, get back as soon as you can. Dont forget to look for the marriage certificate, and the portrait on the top ehelf of that book frame near the west window, l tumx: I placed them in an old copy of 4 4 The Book of Martyrs." 4 I'll find them If they are there. Borne Of the books have not been disturbed for the last twenty or thirty years.5 4 Ten to one they are there still.5 4 1 suppose, Wilson, that you never presented your wife with a portrait mminature fcrlockt, did yon?5 % 4 1 remember giving her an- ordinary -rifed. portrait I remember that I gave heTWfcmali l gold locket— but why do yon ask?5 4 Because X remember Miss Wilson telling ma that she had a locket given tohorbyher mother, which contained bothnerpa. rente' portraits 4 Have you seen the locket ? , ; 4 No. She promised to ehoW it l had forgotten all about it till your wife's porfcrait jjust now.J " 4 Miss Wilson'e locket will eeltysAu, my wife had a imnialnreorfa'ait - the one I gave hbr. . tort Of &gi;»fetbl3 ' schoolmistress of y Attoc ? 1 kV,- wdte now, Walter, you tod better get an hour or two's aleep to get ready for your journey. Yes, I-think r will. I will drop to aain "before I go to reehow_ you are getting on. You need not' calf Very likely I shaU be asleep. Walter. But rnmd that you don't deep too long and miss the train. You know how 1 want to see her. Walter promised to Daind the traiiij and he left the room, his mind filled with many strange thoughts. The story to which he had listened seemed more like an old romance than a tole of real life. Chafteb XIV. — In the Old Libeaby. Leaving Ids cousin's room, Walter met one of the men-servants, whom to ordered to awake him in time to catchthe first team from Aldayne to Torleigh It was well that Walter thought of this, for he was sound asleep and would have missed the early train had not the servant flftlled him, arousing liim from a strangely mixed-up dream, in which his cousin, lady .Ruth, and Alice Wilson performed all sorts of fantastic actions. Y'.a Hastily dressing, Walter glanced into Wilson's room, when the nurse cautioned : him tobequiet, as toreharge was asleep. X will not wake him, said Walter. A good sleep will do him good. When .to wakes , you can say I looked in before leaving.' Then he donned-' his overcoat, for the morn ing was chilly, and "set out -for the station, and twenty minutes' brisk walking took him to it joBt as the train rolled up to the platform. It was near nine when Walter Gray arrived At Tdrleigh. He at ohce hastened in the direction of toe school, and he mefcAlice Wilson going to tor duties. .- . . i Good morning, Mr. Gray ; you look tired j and agitated. There is . nothing the matter," I topej'- she said. - - But there is something the matter, Alice,1 and you agreed to drop the 41 Mr," when we were alone, didn't you?' I forgot. 3ut is there anything wrong at the colleries ?? No, nor anywhere else.' 4 But you said there was something the matter, didn't you ?' Yes ; hut I didn't say there was anything wrong. The matter I alluded to has reference to yourself, Alice.' To me, Walter?' Yes, to you. I suppose you still adhere to your resolve to make me wait a year?' 4 Yes, but you know my reasons, dear,' she said, looking at him with apprehensive eyes, as though she feared that he was about to declare he. would not wait a year for her. toid you allege as your reason the mystery surrounding your birth?' 4 Yes, that is toe reason.' 'But supposing that I had discovered your father, what then?' If he were my mother's husband, I would j marry you to-morrow. But, Walter, you have ;not discovered anything relating to my father, have you?' I believe that I have. Tester afternoon I ; was called to the bedside of a man who believed himself dying. He told me a story correspond ing with the one you told me. He had met a beautiful country' girl in Derbyshire; he had induced her to elope with him ; they were married in Yorkshire ; he left her a few months after their marriage to go to his parents, taking with him their marriage lines and her portrait, just as you related. There is not the slightest doubt about him being your father.' 4 But are you sure that they were married? Did he tell you the village where toe wedding took place?' 4 He had forgotten the name ' 4 Ah ! I thought as much,' said she, with much bitterness. But he told me where to find the certificate and the portrait. They are both in my house at present.' In your house, Walter ?' Yes— at least, he said I should find them tliere.' Who is he ?' 4 He is my cousin, old Jacob Gray's son, of whom you have doubtless heard often enough since you came to the village.' 4 Yes, X have heard of. both father and .son. But my father's name was Robert Wilson — at least, that was the name he gave himself.' 4 told my cousin told me that he married in that name. His wife's maiden name was Alice Mayhurne.' 4 That was my mother's name. . That sets all doubts at rest then. You must go with me, and we will see if we can find the certificate and portrait — and you have also your parents' portraits?' 4 Yes, I have them at home in my box. I liave not had courage enough to look at them ince my mother died.' They were now beside. Walter's residence, entering, they at once made for the "library, which looked very dreary and solemn of aspect when they entered. The library floor was cpated with , dust, .and it had never been used since Jacob Gray's death. The room was much too large for Walter, who had not been in toe chamber since toe memorable occasion when he had fetched the first will Ins uncle had drawn up. As Walter entered he glanced towards the wall on which the bookcase had stood, and a look of dismay filled Ms eyes. The bookcase i and books' were not there. When and where had j they gone? 'Both case and books are gone,' gasped" Wal ter, turning his surprised face to Alice. . 'Perhaps Mrs. Johnson has removed them, she suggested. 4 Possibly, but it's strange she never asked me for permission to do so. We'll soon see what she has done with them.' They left the musty place together and went o toe kitchen, where the housekeeper, Mrs. Johnson, was getting some breakfast ready for her master. 4 It'll be ready in a minute. Mr. Grav, shall I poach your eggs, or will ?' ' Just as yon please— but where have you put the old bookcase and the hooks that were in it 4 Old bookcase and books, Mr. Gray ?' she queried, turning away from her culinary opera tions and facing her master. Yes, where are they r I don't know what you mean ? Your bookcase is right in your room and so is the books, least ways I saw 'em there a bit since.' I don't mean my case and books, but the old case and books which were in the room called toe library.' " 4 You must be mistook, sir. There never was any there, leastways, not while I've been here. That I do know !' she said emphatically. Not there when you came, Mrs. Johnson?' Walter cried in astonished tones. 'Are you quite sure of that ?' 4 Sarhn, sir, quite sarfcin. . I was in ev'ry room ihe first day I came here, an there was no case of books in any room but yours. I am sarfcin of what I say.' Then where can they be ? What can have become of them ? How irritating this is, Walter cried, turning, to Alice, who stood silent beeide him. -She_ regretted toe loss of the hooka and case much more than it was possible for Mm to do. She had been building great expectations on toe marriage lines she expected to find in come of toe old books belonging formerly to Jacob Gray, andnow, neither the volumes nor the certificate wero to be found. Who was vour housekeeper , before Mrs. Johnson came here ?' Alioe asked. — 4 Old Nanny Jones, as she "was called. She fot tod old to manage the work, and then Mi's, ohnson came. Wall go to old Nanny at once; she lives somewhere in the town. - Perhaps she may know something ofthe books.' 4 Just what t was thinking when I spoke of ?our former housekeeper. Whereabouts in 'orleigh does she live ?' Somewhere near the Wesleyan Chapel, any one will tell us where old Nanuy lives. let us loBe 110 time in finding her. 4 1 heard them say as old Nanny Jones was very badly. said Mrs. Johnson, as her master and her sweetheart were turning to leave, ' and wasn t expected to get better. Pimps shell be better again now.' Walter and Alice exchanged a quick glance of dismay. Bach understood how much depended on the ailing woman It seemed that she alone knew where the books had gone to, and if she were unable to tell them they knew not where to look for them. 4 Don't give up yet, dear, Walter said tenderly, 4 all will turn out "right yet. Old Nanny has very likely "stowed the books away somewhere" thinking they -wore useless, because no one ever read them.' ' But if she does not know where they are-, what then? The marriage certificate and por trait will not be found, and my life will never be quite as bright as other girls are, whose fathers and mothers were married,' 4 T thought we agreed never to return to this . subject. . I care not whom your father may have been, and I could not love and respect you more if he were Rtogof England.' His brave words cheered her heart, and the pressure of his strong hand brought the glad colour to her pale face, making it surpassingly beautiful. Sim rewarded him with a loving look of her big black eyes. The very first wayfarer in toe vicinity of the Wesley an Chapel pointed out the houre where old Naimy Jones resided with her daughter, a respectable woman, the mother of a large family, whose husband worked as a tunueller in one of Walter's pits. Knocking at toe door shown they were surprised to find themselves confronted by his old housekeeper in person. Old Nanny Jones, for she was thus known by all the elder Torleigh folk, was a plump, good-looking old woman of fifty-five or sixty; a cleanly, good-natured, hard-working woman, who had struggled bravely to bring up a large family, one or two of whom had been good for nothing. 4 Why, Peg,' said old Nanny, addressing her daughter, ' it's Mester Gray. Cum in an' you, too, miss, an' sit deawn. Ahm gradely fain to see vo'.' ' 1 am glad to sec you all right again, Nanny. We heard that you were very ill, but yon seem as right as ever.' ' Ahm aw reefc, Mester, thank yo\ Owd Nan u'll see monny o lot-wlioam yet. Wus yo' wantin to see eawr Jem absawt that theer tunnel yo' wan't drivin' ?' 4 No. I came purposely to speak to you. You remember tlie books which were in my uncle's library ! I've heard you grumble many a time at tlie dust they collected. ' 4 An' so they did. I remember 'em well enuff , mester,' she said, sinking into a chair. 'They are not in the library now, Nanny; do you know what has become of them ?' 'Wot's cum on 'em!' the old woman stammered, growing red in the face, and trying to hide her confusion, which Walter was quick to notice. 4 Heaw should I know that r ' 4 1 care nothing al>out toe books themselves,' Walter said, 4 but there is something in one of j them that I must find, no matter what it costs j me. If you do not know I must employ a de tective to find out where they have gone, and how they went.' Nanny's behaviour had aroused Walter's suspicions, and his last words had the effect of making the old woman look uneasy. After try ing to look Walter in the face she failed miser ably, and began to sob behind her apron. 4 If you know where the books are tell me. I don't care whether you have sold them or given them away so that I can get them back. Only tell meat once if you know where they are.' Then Alice went to Nanny's side and tenderly exhorted her to tell where the books were, for that she knew was apparent. After a little per suasion Nanny ceased to cry, dropped her apron, and told what she knew of the books. It ap peared that soon after Walter left Torleigh to reside at Aldayne Priory one of Nanny's sons, a lazy vagabond, had got into some trouble, and so went to his mother, who was still living in the house which her young master had deserted for a grander abode. Jack Jones wanted money to get away to America ; he frightened his poor old mother by saying toe police were a.ter him, and when he got to know that Walter Gray had gone to live for good in Yorkshire he saw his way clear to some money. He pressed Ms mother to sell sometMngJaelonging to her master, pointing out that very probably Walter would never enter toe house again, and at last Nanny gave way and the books and bookcase were sold to seme one in Liverpool. Two or three weeks after Jack Jones sailed to America, being still there. 4 So toe books are in Liverpool — or were there ?' said Walter. .. 4 Do you remember the man's name who bought them ?' 4 Ah don't know his name, Hiut he lives soinewheer neart Museum. Yo' connot inisg t' place.' In half-an-hour Walter was speeding towards Liverpool, and ten minutes after reaching Lime- street station ho was standing in the old second hand book shop which lies just between the Derby Museum and Scotland- road. He knew the place at once when Nanny Jones mentioned it, and he marched straight to the shop. The proprieter of the old book store was a little skinny old man with bright black eyes, and the tones of his voice were sweet and low a woman's, though he was as old as some of the rusty well-bound tomes on his well-filled shelves. Walter was in a hurry, so went right to the matter at once. 4 You bought some books a few months ago from a person at Torleigh, I think. Do you remember it ?' Will tell you in a minute, toe little man piped pleasantly as a lark singing. 4 Buy so many that I can't remember all I buy, but I've some idea of getting some books at a place of that name. Are there plenty of coal-pits at Torleigh ?' 4 Half a dozen or so all close to the town.' Walter replied. ' 4 It's toe place then, but I'll tell you for certain in a minute.' He hobbled to the further end of the long shop, getting with some difficulty through the piles of books and magazines which littered the floor. Walter watched him into a little den, and in a few minutes he returned bearing in Ms hands a ledger. 4 Well,' said Waiter impatiently, did ydu buy them r ' J 4 Yes. Here is the entry of toe purchase 4 Bought of Mr. Walter Gray on 24th March 1872, one lot of books,' for which T / 4 1 don't want to Know what Toupald for them. Have you got them etill r < 4 Mostof them, and think I shaH have. for a longtime; they were only a poor lot. 4 Did) you find anything uifcide any of the books ?V Walter asked. . . . 4 Yes, I did,' the old fellow replied, lus black eyes twinkling mischievously; 4 Ha lia, I see how what you are after— an old love letter, eli"? I kept it, and you can have it. 1. haven t had time to look through all of them yet. Tis not a love letter I'm seeking, though I should like to look . at it. There were a few large volumes in the lot; have you got them still r' „ , _ t « ' c 4 Every one but a fine copy or a Book of Martyrs/ i sold it to Mr. Hoklen, one ot our town councillors.' Walter rummaged through tlie remaining books not ft few of which he recognised as early acquaintances, but he could not find what he was seeking. Then he remembered W ilson saying the marriage certificate and portrait were in a large volume with elasns. __ i . 4 Had the volume that you sold Mr. Houten clasps to it ?' 4 Yes, and fine masdve ones they aw, too. 4 Where does thie Mr. Holden live ?' 4 At Gladstone Villa, West Deny— good morning, if you're off. There were plenty of cabs close by, and hail- : i«g the nearest-, Walter jumped in ami told the cabby where to take him. In half an hour he was tinging the bell at Gladstone Villa, and he was so .fortunate as to catch the town councillor at home. Mr. Jonathan Holdeu . was a big, red -faced, sandy-bearded man, very farmer-like and-pleasant-k)oking. Waiter liked Ms looks, and spoke out : — . 4 1 believe you have .lately ; purchased an old copy of /Fox's Book of Martyrs' . which once belonged to my uncle — perhaps you knew him, Jacob Gray,: of Toiieigh. . .1 believe the book contains a marriage certificate and a portrait, which are of great value to me. ' 4 Quite true ; I bought the book, but haven't had time to look through it yet. I'll fetch it, and if there's anything in it you are welcome to what there may be. I will not be an instant.' He was back again quickly, bearing in his hands a stout old volume, with heavy brass clasps, which seemed familiar to Walter. The book was handed to the young man, who was trembling with excitement ; he undid the clasps, shook the volume, and there tumbled on the floor an old envelope. Seizing it, he turned out its contents, and discovered a marriage certificate and portrait. A hurried look at the picture revealed the face of Ms sweetheart, Alice Wilson; the same fair skin, perfect features, deep black eyes and eyebrows. Then Walter turned to the gentleman beside him, saying : 4 1 liave no time to explain matters now, Mr. Holden. Here is my card. Some day I will tell you more. Permit me to thank you heartily for your kindness, and wish you good- morning.' 4 Good-morning, Mr. Gray,' the other replied, 4 1 am glad to render you a service — good- morning.' Walter was out of the villa and entering the cab almost before toe other had ceased speak ing. He told the cabman to drive quickly to Lime street station, caught a train there soon after, and was soon back again in Torleigh. Then with glad eyes he hastened home where he bade Alice await his return, and even as he raised the knocker the door opened, his love confronted him with expectant face, and he placed ..the portrait in her hands without a word. It is my mother! It is mv mother!' she cried, kissing the picture, and letting big tears drop on it. 4 A week since I should have said it was you, darling. How you resemble each other ? Come in.' 4 Yes ; hut let me see the certificate, Walter. Let me satisfy myself that mother was an honest woman, and that I have no reason to blosh on her account or my own.' He handed the paper to her and she scanned it attentively. 4 Yes, yes, it is all right, and I always doubted my mother. How much she must have suffered God alone knows.' 4 We must lose no time, Alice, Your father is dangerously ill, and is anxious to see you. We will go for the locket containing the portraits, and then set off at once for Aldayne Priory. I promised my cousin to bring you. back with me.' 4 Does my — my father five at Aldayne Priory ? 4 Yes. You are a great heiress now, and yon will be jilting me, I suppose ?' 4 Isn't Aldayne Priory in Yorkshire ?' 4 Yes ; and it is a very beautiful place. 4 You remember me asking you for a few days leave to visit a friend of mine who was going to America? She lived at Aldayne.' 4 Yes, I remember.' 4 Well, a remarkable thing occurred during my visit there — at least, it seemed very-singular to me.' Indeed, what was it ?' 4 On reaching Aldadne railway station I found that I was nearly a mile and a half from the village. I asked the way, and was shown across the fields. I went on right enough ! till I came to two paths leading out of toe one I was in. Not knowing what to take I paused, and glancing round saw a mail seated behind a hedge a few yards from where I stood. He had not noticed my approach and stoppage beside him. His head was sunk upon his knees as though he were asleep or deeply reflecting. I was abont to ask him which of toe two paths led to the village when he looked up, and seeing me standing beside him, appeared greatly startled. Before I could speak a word he jumped excitedly to his feet, and gazing upon me with strange wild eyes, uttered my own Christian name, and then fell senseless to the ground. A strange thing, wasn't it ?' 4 It wasn't so strange as you think it. Poor Wilson mistook you for your mother, and you resemble her portrait so nearly that it was no wonder he did so.' 4 It was my father, then, that I frightened, Walter?' Yes ; he thought that you were bis first wife '6 ghost. That was the origin of liis present illness. The shock turned his brain ?' Hisfirstwife! Why ! is my father married again !' Yes, he is married again, and his wife hag a son. But his second wife is his wife in fancy only, foi he married her while vour mother was alive.' - - « 4 1 suppose that my father's second wife did not know that he had been married before and that his first w.fe was then livino-?' ' 4 Certainly not !' 4 And H J go to the Priory she will learn that she is a dishonoured woman, and that her child is illegitimate ?' +/ Ti l>ecome aware of her real position, tftflt 6 ftllt , , Then I will .not go. I am satisfied to know that my mother was an honest woman, and that I have no reason to be ashamed of my birth, .and my appearance in my father's house would SETf this woman 'But you must go, Alios! Tour father is dying, and, surely, yon will not. refuse to see hnn now P Give him a chance of nuking somo atonement for toe past.' 4 But the amends my father intends tomal® 'is to be made at the cost of his second wife and child. To make restitution to me otf®are f be sacrificed. Twere as well to let the old wrongs remain unrighted, as to perpetrate fresh wrongs.' . _ Havo some pity on your father— think how he longs to see you. At least go and se® nun, Aiic6«' 4 1 "will goto him, but I do not pretend to understand the love that has lain dormant for so many years. I will go to the Priorv, but my identity must be kept unknown to all but my father. I will not injure this woman and her sen. - - 'v v ' They were now beside the house in wtiicn Alice lived. They went in together, and when she fetched the locket the portraits it con tained only afforded further proof of Alice Wilson's identity, as Walter had expected. The locket proved beyond all question the " problem of Aliee Wilson's paternal relative, for the male portrait it held was that of Wilson Gray, and the other likeness tallied exactly with the one found in the 4 Book of Martyrs.' Having procured all that was necessary. "Walter, accompanied by Alice, at once set out for Aldayne Priory. _ , Walter was far from being satisfied With" Alice's decision to retain her meoghito at the Priory, and to permit Lady Ruth to behevo herself the wife of Wilson Gray, and he de termined to enlighten her as to her ladyship's real character. 4 1 suppose, Alice,' he began, 1 that von know that the large fortune now ' possessed by your father once belonged to me. You will have . learned so. much from the .Torleigh gossips.' . ' Indeed, I never heard a word about it. I . have-only heard vague' aHusions to Jacob Gray , and to his wild son. I haven't been m Torleigh long, you. know. : But how. was it that the property changed hands, Walter ? 4 1 will tell yoiu When my Uncls Jacob died he left the bulk of his fortune to your father— whose whereabouts were then unknown — provided that he turned up in five years. But he did not turn up, and the jnoperty became mine.' 4 And he came back after, I suppose, and you gave it up to him t ' 'Exactly. Well, at the time I held the property I was engaged to a beautiful, high born woman. When your father appeared £ gave him his own, and when I told my affianced of what I had done, she ridiculed me for doing : so. She said I was not just, hut Quixotic. I was mad. she averred, to hand over such a great fortune to a drunkard, a gambler, and so forth, and, finally, she jilted me.' 4 Poor fellow. But you soon got over your erotic troubles it appears.' 4 1 know now, Alice, that I never loved her, and it appeared that she didn't care about me, form a few months afterwards she married a rich man, who was old enough to he her father.' J 4 "Who was she ?' A Lady Ruth Gordon, and the man she married was your father, to whom I had given up a fortune. 4 What! after jilting you and calling him a drunkard and gambler r 4 Yes. What do you think of her ? And tins is the heartless woman for whom you are thinking of doing injustice to yourself rather than injure her fair fame.' 4 1 do not think much of her ladyship, cer tainly. Still, it is certain that she would never have married my father had she known that he had been married before and that his first; wife was still alive at the time.' 4 What you say may possibly be true, but it ' makes Ruth Gordon — for that is what she really is — 110 better woman. She married your father from the vilest of motives — a mercenary one — and she deserves whatever dishonour and dis comfort her actions may bring upon her ; don't you toink that she does, Alice ? 4 Perhaps she dees, Walter.' 4 Perhaps ? are you not quite sure after what I have told you ?' 4 1 think, Sear, that you are a little bit preju diced against Ruth Gordon, as your persist in calling her.' 4 Why do you think so V 'Because she jilted you,' she said, with a merry laugh. 4 But, Alice, do you still adhere to your re solve to go to the Priory, and after seeing your father come away without letting Lady Ruth know her real position and your own, aleo ?' 'After what you have told me I do not see that her ladyship deserves that I should practice anv self-denial on her behalf. What do you think, dear?' 4 Certainly not, Alice. That is what I havo ! argued all along.' 4 Then I shall remain at the Priory if my father desires that I should do so, and claim my right to be considered my father's daughter ; t cannot say that I feel very sorry for toe woman with whom my father committed bigamy, for she seems to be a heartless woman of the world; but I pity the child, for the poor little thing is quite blameless, and it will have to suffer for the folly of its parents. 4 1 am glad that you have come to that con clusion for even if you had remained firm fn your resolve to let Lady Ruth still think herself your father's first and only wife it would have been of little avail.' 4 How do you make that out Walter? Do you think that my father would have told all the facts of the case to her ladyship ? I hardly toink that he would have don© so when he learned that I did not desire to be known to the world as his daughter. 4 Most probably your father would have been guided by your wishes in the matter, Alice.' 4 Ho w, then, would my wish to spare her ladyship have been useless ?' 4 Because I would have related all I knew to her, and I would have made the world acquainted with all tlie ins and outs ofthe case. So you see that your mercifulness would have been thrown away.' 4 You hate the woman, and I thought vou incapable of aught save love.' I will liofc spare her, Alice. Such women as Lady Ruth spare no one,andthemselves deserve no mercy— here we are at last, he said, as a rusty- throated porter shouted : Aldm ! Alain, and the train to a stop (to bk costixoed. ) 