Ihe Midnight Prophecy 011 THE IIHEIR OF STRATHSPEY TOWERS. i. Emsmlee Ga'rrison Jones. CHAPTER XLIX. LADY I'EA5SL HAS AN ADVE.N'TUE. Lady Neville was slightly indisposed, tId the earl had gone to Lancaster in :egard to business matters, he said; but Iur no other reason, as Ihis sister very well knew but to visit the Lancaster (Moor Asylum, and make arrangements to t :arry out his insane intentions; which, so doubt, was the sole cause of her lady 'hip's indisposition; for site locked her self in her chamber, and spent the forenoon pacing up and down like an enraged tigress, wishing sincerely that the had the power to consign her brother to the tender mercies of a mad-house, as she had done his wife. Meanwhile the countess took a fancy to drive to the ruins of an old castle somewhere amid the highlands, and near which was a noted cavern. So the pony-phaeton was brought out, esd a basket of sandwiches, and two or ;hree bottles of champagne parked under t the seat, and Lady 1Marguerite and Sir lBayard suaunoned to accompany her. Lady larguerite was not at all averse to going, and the baronet would have. followed anywhere in the wake of the :ountess; her gold attracted him as a aagnaet attracts steel. t'he day was line in the forenoon, and I their drive was quite pleasant, and they found tie old ruins grand and picturesque beyond all description. The countess, who was quite a traveller in her way, was epecially delighted. "'What a chiarming old place !" she :ried, as they sat in a disl old chapel. with fretted coiling and stained windows, nipping their chamlpag:e ; " and since I came to remnember it, you used to be an artist, Sir layard," she added, turnilng upon the haronet; "thow is it we see nlone of your work now !" The baronet blushed like a girl, aid staunnered in dire confusion. "Pahaw!" ejaculated the countess. " what are you blushling about ? I detest bashful men ; if you have a talent for auytling 'tis nothing to be ashamed of." Sir Bayard managed tc get his voice, but it quavered dreadfully. lie did well-lhe used to sketch a long while ago -when lie was travelling--bt " No buts about it," said the dawager. SYou're not so clever that you need to :Trop your accomplishmuents-i'd like to have a sketch of these ruins-so do you plurcLase materials in Perth, and we'll drive over again in a few days, and you shall make a sketch for me." The baronet bowed iin silence, but his face looked like the face of a condemned criminal. The countess stared in amaze inent. " What is the matter ?" she cried; " one minute you're as red as a rose, and the next as white as a ghost. Are you it ." Sir Bayard was not quite well; he had been troubled with dizziness for a day or two. He would walk about a little ; it would soon wear off. Accordingly, he strolled off in one direction, and Lady frar:uerite, watchitig lher opportunity, disappeared iu anotlher; the countess, r -in ining in the chapel, to rest herself ; n.1 liish her champaigue. "How the poor girl does detest him ?" shle murmured ; "and I don't wonder at it much. Bayard Brompton's a queer .ellow some way-he's got a secrel that 'roubles him. I wonder what it is? But so matter," she added, turning back to oer champagne, " he's one of my own race, and she shall marry him-it may be the means of saving him from .disgrace mud ruin." Meanwhile, Lady Marguerite made lher Fay through the mou'dering walls of the 3ld castle, and out of the warm, sulinler air. The clouds were gathering in the rest, but the sun still shone, and tile oreeze was sweetand fresh. She strolled town the ruined avenue, beneath the whispering fir brunches, and out into the green, open park. The prospect around ier was indescribably grund and beauti lul. On one hand towered the bold, bleak valleys, aind now anid then the ;littering gleamu of some nlountain lake, mnd far below flashed the spires of Perth and distant Dundee. There was a fallen statue near at ihand, a modern Apollo, half imbedded in tihe rank grass, his lyre broken, and all his god-like beauty falling to decay. Lady Pearl seated herself upon this fallen god, ;ad leaning her lovely brow on her hand, gazed out upon the glorious summer scenes with sad, sad ci es. So young, ind yet so utterly miserable l The very sunliglit seemed to fall upon her bowed head, withll its crown of silken gold iin I pitying tenderness. . She was thinking of the baronet; Iheo man who was to be her husband, wonder. Ing why it was that his very presence in spired her with sucli disgust, and I aversion? She could not hear to be in the same room with him, and yet in threeo short months she would be his wife! i " I cannot," she murmured, the silent I tears falling over her checks. "Surely i God will let me die and escapo it. Poor papa, I would give my life to please and comfort him, but I can never be that muan's wife." I And then her fancy, by a sudden and a capricious transition, recalled another 1 face, a handsdome, manly"face, lit by r bright brown eyes. Poor little Pearl siglhed, and a vivid red flushed her waxen I checks. She was an earl's daughter, yet she was quite as full of .idle fancies, and silly, girlish drd& s, as the humnblest 1 peasant girl upon her father's domains. She sat there in the old park, on the I fallen statue of Apollo, dreaming in the c bright summer sunshine, and always in her dreaming those bright brown eyes e were present. Foolish, foolish little Pearl ! 1 The sound of an approaching footstep startled her, and she sprang up, in haste to fly back and escape an interview with l Sir Bayard ; but she met face to face not t Sir Bayard, but Captain Fossbrooke. He bowed with courtly grace, that pleasant i smile of his making his brown eyes 1 irresistible. Lady Marguerite flushed like a rose in her embarrassment. 1 "I beg you pardon, Lady Marguerite," I said the captain, "but you were just what I needed to make my sketch perfect" -he pointed towards his portfolio and 1 drawing materials, which lay a few feet distant--" and my patron saint sent you I to sit on the fallen Apollo. Will you s look at my sketch " f Laly Marguerite followed him, and he t laid before her, with pardonable pride, a masterly sketch of the hoary old ruins, I and of the green park, with herself seated I on the fallen marble, and the bold peaks, and the rolling highlands in the distance. 4 "'Why, what an artist you are, Captain i Fossbrooke," she said, simply. '"I iever saw anything so perfect. How it would i delight the countess." "Do you think so ? Then the countess : must see it," smiled the captain. He took up his portfolio, and they i walked on side by side. " I did not dream of such a pleasure as meeting your ladyship," lie said. " When s I came out to sketch this morning 1 thought you were at the Towers." Lady Marguerite blushed vividly be neath his admiring glances. " We canme across over a week ago," she replied. "We arestayingantlavens wold, an old highland country-houseo belonging to the countess." "AAh, I understand ! How long shall you remain ?" "Until the last of September, 1 a think." "That's pleasant," cried the captain, I'm here myself for the summer. I've abandoned the sword, for the hot weather I at least." They had reached the ruins by this time, and as they turned into the grand vestibule, clambering over heaps of l rubbish, they calle upon Sir Bayard, wholly- recovexed from his dizziness. it 4 appeared, and coming in search of Lady Marguerite. If a ghost, from one of the mouldering: tombs below the chapel, had confronted him, he could not have looked more 4 startled than he did at sight of the captain. 1 Hle looked like a statue, his face growing livid, his eyes wide and staring. "How are you to- day, Sir Bayanl 1" said the captain, extending his hand with frank cordiality. The baronet gavy him the tips of his fingers, a scowling frown contracting his brows. The next instant lie offered his arm to Lady Marguerite, and led her away-the countess ua;s :awa:ting her he said. Nothing dashed by his vcridnt dislike and ill humor, the c-.tatain followed them into the grand gloom of the old chapel, where the countess still sat. She looked up in unutterable surprise at his sudden appearance. "Why, bless my soul," she exclaimed, regarding himn over her goggles, " who is it ? Why, ':is Fossarouke-Captain Fossbrooke !" The captain bowed' profoundly, and ex pressed himself highly flattered to know that her ladyship remembered hlim. lie was making a sketching tour through the Highlanmds. " Why, I thought you were a soldier," interrupted the dowager, spitefully. "So I am, and begging your ladyship's pardon, an artist, too, in my way. Would you do my poor sketch the honor to look at it?" "Do look at it, please," whispered Marguerite, her radiant face all smiles and blushes, "you will be so pleased, I know!" The artist drew the sketch from his portfolio, and laid it before her, and the dowager condescended to examine it. Her eyes brightened beneath iher goggles as she looked. " Why, young man," she cried :.t last, This thing is worthy ,f a placi in my gallery at Mortlake! LoIever is:al' liner landscaipe ! o DySoy care to sellit ' "It isn't finished yet," replied Captain Fossbrooke, Ilushing with gratificamiuin: "it will make a titer appearance by far when it is complete." " Well, complete it, thel, and I'll give you a good price for it. Wnat do you wanuti Will three hundred pounds do?" "Tlhat would be a very generous remuneration," replied the captain, " but if your ladyship would accept--" But she cut him short with a gesture. "I never accept anything," she said. I've money enough to pay for all I want. MIind, the picture's mine as soon as it is done. Whly can't pou do something like that, Brompton !" she continued, turning to the baronet. " What has become of your talent ?" Sir Bayard did not reply, but the cap. taindid. "Oh, yes," ihe put in pleasantly, "Sir Bayard does dabble in colours, too. I remember now, my friend, 6'olonel Rich. smoul .Brooke, used to speak of Sir Bayard as an artist!" The baronet's face begani to lose its color, and his eyes to wander restlesaly beneath the captain's steady gaze, and he stammered Wretchedly in his attempts to 'Il'd he'd spoken of him as a fool, he'd Shavi been nearer* the truth, I think," Smuttered the dowager, tinder her breath; thi len aloud, "s Here, Marguerite, give the Scaptain a sandwichl and a bottle of cham Ipa-ne," she said, "and then we'll gather I I.u and get rei:idy for starting." . Mar"uerite obeyed with lblushiig eager ness, and whlile the captain, sitting down beside thie countess, uncorked his cham Spagne and ate his sandwich, talking all the while with that nameless ease anda grace that characterised all his move ments, the baronet, utterly unable to 1 control his blanchinig cheeks and shaking knees, availed himself of the pretext of seeing that the carriage was ready, and I made his escaue. - :Witll your ladyship's kind per- I mission," ventured the artist, after-le 1 had placed the ladies in the carriage, a standing int the ,noondi! sunlighlit his handsome face'and bright-browii eyes .all a aglow with life and genial humour," `I'll call at IRavenswold in a day or two and bring the sketch 1" And the countess nodded in her grim, abrupt way.; and mentally anathematized herself the mor.entafter when liefsharp n eyes caught sight of .Margueritod 'ivid I blushes and lingering glances as the I carriage rattled away "A pretty mess I've made of it," she I soliloquized, "giving him an excuse to come-and the girl is head-over-heels in love with him already." They drove a mile or two fu:tlier down d amid the highlands to see the-cavern, which was a weird and wonderful sub- r terranean abode, running for niles be- I neath the base of a rocky cliff, roofed with glittering stalaictites, and floored s with mosaic-likeexcrescenceathat gleamed and flashed in the light of their torches i like precious stones. The countess and p Marguerite were carried away with delight and admiration, and lingeredlong after Sir Bayard warned them that the weather had changed and the day was far advanced. There were so many wonders to admire, so many new sights at every step, that they lingered in blissful forget fulness. .The voice of their coachman aroused them from their dream. " I beg your ladyship's pardon," he said, addressing the countess: "but there be every sign as warns ye when a storm's a brewin', and I thought it best to fasten the 'osses, and come down an' tell ye." And at the same moment, as if in con firmation of his words, a roll of thuridedr awoke a thousand reverberating echoes around them. Marguerite grew pale with alarm, and the countess went stump ing off towards the entrance at a furious rate. "You villian !" she cried, with her u characteristic unreason, as another peal seemed to shake the foundation of the mountain; "why didn't you come and tell me before? What made you wait till c the last moment 1" "I beg your grace's pardon," implored the driver; "but Sir Bayard was up a minute or so ago." " Hush with your clatter, will you ? If I I'm caught in tlhe storm it shall cost you I your place, that's all. Hl.re, Brompton, d don't stand there like a gaping idiot. Can't you help me to get out ?" Sir Bayard flew to her assistance, bow-. ing like a mandarin, while Marguerite, glad to escape his attentions, accepted the c assistance of the guide. The storm was certainly brewing, arid that with frightful rapidity, when they gained the outside world again. The west was one great mass of boiling black, edged with brassy yellow where the luiid sun was going down; and the thunder bellowed in the great distance like the guns in a great battle. " I think we had better return to the cave till the storm is over," suggested the baronet, as he surveyed the ominous sky. s You do?" snarled the dowager, as she hobbled on toward the carriage; " then take shelter in it. If you want to be buried in that pit o' fire and brimstone in a thunderstorm 'tis more than I do. Here, Marguerite, be quick, a;'d now, sir-addressing the driver- "'drive for your life ; if you don't get back to the old castle before the storm breaks I'll-i:lip your ears." Sir Bayard sprang to his seat without another word, and the coachman, mount ing his box, lashed his horses like a mad main. But the highland roaids were rough and bad, and in the gloom of the waning afternoon it was a matter of ex ceeding difficulty to distinguish one road front another. The poor fellow had not driven half a mile before he was utterly bewildered. But he kept on, the fiery animals at their best speed, and growing wilder with the blaze of the lightning in their eyes.. " Are we in sight of the castle ?" de manded the countess, shuddering at every fresh peal. "Not yet, your ladyship," replied the coachman, urging his steeds into a lonely lane, which ran through the heart of a forest of lirs. Sir Bayard opened the carriage door and looked out, as the darkness began to close around them. " We are on the wrong road 1" lie cried out. "The man has lost his way !" The countess uttered a cry of rage and execration, but on awful shock,- as if heaven and earth were coming together, and at the same instant a blinding flash silenced her. The very air was charged with sulphurous gas, and the aflirighted horses, naddened beyond all contiol, eliot off at a bie ik-neck pace. The baronet put out his head to call to the driver, and, to his utter constisr nation, saw that tie box was empty. The driver was gone. CHAPTER L. On and on they went, the horses mak. lig great tlying leaps, and dragging the carriage after them, over ruts and rocks, and prostrate trees, the thunder'rattling overhead, the blazing lightning reveirgi the sombre woods and distant mountain Ipeaks. The poor dowvager, humble and quiet enough in peril and fear, crouched downi upon the floor of the carriage, end bury ing her face in the cushions, moaned and prayed for help. MargSuerito sat erect, calm and quiet, siowing no sign of what she felt, save in the deadly pallor of her face. Sir Bayard had beet watchlting for a chance to rein in the runamway horses, I but finding that such an attempt would r be worse than madness, he returied to : his seat. By the incessant glare of theo lightning he could see that they were nearing a Sdismal mountain gorgec, and the horses were increasing rather than diminshing their speed. He eturned toward Lady. Marguerite \- with an anxious face. "Lady iffargoerite," he said, putting out his anrt to support her, ' try to be \- calm; we are nearing a dangerous doe Sclisity; allowv me to support you-the sahoi:k will be terrible." I But, even in that momint of suipreme danger she turned from him, her in~w v white and cold;, her lblue eyes glit- c tering. S"1 do not need you, Sir BJyard,". she replied, haughtily, and the coun teas does.' -y " t He had no timhue for rremonstrane, for !1 the horses went over with. onie fling bound, and the carriage followed~d ith . an auful crash '; and ten .the. countess d uttered--a.thrilling, cry, and w'it the I sound in her ears. -.. Marguerite felt herself going dowrn, t down,- thousands' of fathoms deep, it seemed, and then all iwas.utter dark- e hess. , ILady Marguerite awoke to consciols- I ness in the dim twilight of_ a pleas- it: I little cchamber, a sweet, fresh breeze t blowing through the open window, and cooling her, fevered cheeks, and a soft i hand smoothing. back her hair Wwi.?r soothing, dainty touches. - Her temiples throbbed"painfully, and i she felt very weak and lanquid after I:or dreadful fright, and the dainty touchesl were so soothing thatahle chised her eyes i y again and lay for several moments in r half-unconscious enjoyment. " But curiosity began to assert itself,and II sh6e pened them again ; and this time she i saw the face of a young girl bheending over f her-a rare and lovely face, as fair ald h pure as a pearl. - She smiled involuntarily, and the pretty, rose lips above her smiled back in response. "Papa," called a voice, as sweetas tl e note of a thrush, "she's awake. Come v in, please?" - And the.next instant thepearl-fair face t vanished, and a rough, bearded one I looked down in its place. . Lady -Marguerite struggled up to a sitting posture, but the effort made her I faint and dizzy. " Where am I " site asked, gazing about I her with bewildered eyes. The young maiden with the pearl-fair face advanced to her side. \- "Youare at myannl's, Mrs. Keith's- f and this is Doctor Renfrew, who lives just below Strathspey Towers, and If am Maggie, his daughter," she said, sweetly. . " And y.iu had a pretty rough slhakingS up last night," put in the old doctor ; "so lie down and keep quiet. Maggie will bring you some breakfast presently." The tarrible dangers of the past night i came back with awful distinctness to a Lady Marguerite's memory. "And the countess," she asked, grow- a ingpale, " what of her ?" "Nothing, only shie's half dead from 1 the fright, and she's got a little twist in her ankle-nothing serious," replied the doctor. " And the gentleman, Sir Bayard c Brompton I" added, Maggie, considerate- t ly. " "Is bruised pretty badly," finished the doctor, as lie walked away. Marguerite lay back upon her pil lows, with a sigh of relief. They had passed through the danger 1 comparatively unhurt. 1 Presently she asked auo:her ques- I tion. "WVho found us? How did we get I here?" . "Captain Fossbrooke found you," tlhe girl replied. "He saw you at the old i castle, I think, and seeing that a storm n was eomiiig, hurried after you to bring i you here till it was over. But you had left the cave when he reached it, and he did not come up with you till after the .horses had run downt the gorge. lie found the carriage smashed, and Sir B:tyard -standing in despair over the countess imid yourself, Ielieving you to be dead. But the captain knew better, so he got help antd brought you here. And tow," she added, stamiling brightly, ??you know everythimu, and you must lie quite still, till I run down to the kitchen and fetch your breakfast. Lady Marguerite obeyed, and in ten minutes she-was b:ck ag.tin, with a tempting meal on an old fashioned silver tray, arid with it a small bunch of 'roses and English violets. " Captain Fossbrooke sent these," she said, as she put the flowers in P'earl's hands, "with iis compliments, and ie would like to come iin and intquire how you are, but papa won't let himu. Papa's awful cross about his patients." 'Lady Marguerite did not answer ; she averted her face to hide the burning flush that suffused it. "When did the captain come1'' she asked, after a pause. "Captain Fossbrooke ? Oh, lie boards here, you know. Aunt Keith always takes boarders in Summer, and the capi tain's been here a week or two. He's on a sketching tower, and draws beautifully. Come now, let me assist you to rise; there, the pillow will support you ; and you can eat your. breakfa-t nicely,: while I run in and speak to the coun tess." "Tell her I'mtn. very glad she's not seriously injured," stammered - largue rite; "and-and--you. may," she stam niered, her cheeks glowing like pconiei " you may say to Captaini Fossbrooke that I am very iuch obliged to himn for the flowers." " Veery well," and away went Maggie, trilling a little Highland melody. \- ~ And Lady Marguerite trifled with her tempting breakfast for a minute or two, and then lay down, burying her face amidher pillois, with a sharp,'achiang pain at her heart.- ' . That afternoon the earl, who had re turned from lancashire, drove over with Lady Neville and Judith, Lady Margue rite's maid; and for the first time in half a score of years,: hlie met with Doctor Renfrew. The old Scotchman stod stubbornly, bhis'keen gray eyes looking straight be- fore him, as the' peer advanced, deter mined if there'was any salutation be tween them that he would not, be the first tospeak.- - -The earl did not hesitate, however the came up,- with extended hand. ' "How are you, doctorf '" he said, a wan smile lighting his worn, white face; "you and I parted a little at odds, if I remember rightly. Are you friendly enough to forget and forgive ?" " I am friendly enough to forgiveyou,' replied the doctor, "but forgetting is another thing-I can't do that, Lord Strathlspey." The earl winced, and hesitated an in stant before he spoke again. "No, you can't forget!" he said, at last, an unutterable despair in hIis voice and face, and I won't ask it, but, doctor," I lie added, with a sudden passion, "you were my best and earliest friend, and I don't like you to think me an unprincipled I villain. Doctor, in all the wide earth, I asnre is no wrotch so utterly lost and ac cursed as I:am.'. Th.,old man put out his hand and. clasped the earl's in a hearty grasp. " My l:poor Angus," lie said, " Iknew it.would come to this=--idrdiow it is too late." . t_ " Too late I"'eclied the earl, '.to-o aite Sli's dead- Istood by lier, graveo ester day !.. 'She lies in the cdisinon" Potter's Field on Lmncashiro Moor." .- rei her. was a something inexpressibly thrilling in the man's utter despair. The (lodtor drew his hands across his eres. .. 'diud she loved you so,' Angus," he said ; pour thing, 1 shallU never forget liy!',t words to me--` tell my:husbaud ha 'I lov'e husn and foreiro him ": b ':" S','Din't !" cried the earl, putting ,his. ha id to) h]i heart, "I ciannoit bearit! (,reat TIlati en; doctor, remorse is a ter rible thing : I wish I could die! If it were not tuch a cooairdly thing to do,. I'd " Ya wi! do better to live, and clear your wife's slandered nmen ; you are nout ready to close your accounts yet." "True enotigh! - But 1 cannot banish lher fee one instant-sleeping or waking, it is before myeye-oe; her- wh?itoshopeless face looking through the bars of a inad house. I shall go niad myself soon! But that was not my work, doctor." " What? consigning your wife to a mad-hlioue" " Yes! Sir Marsihill Nevillo and his wife did it, and without my knowledge, while I was abroad. - "But you didn't try to undo it, while there was time," said the doctor, merci lessly. "No, because I doubted her fidelity." "And whiat has changed your mind, Lord Stratlhspey T' The old uman's wrath wras risiig again, but the swrl did niot resent it ; he an swered meekly: " 1 cannot tell-I do not believe the young man who bears my name is myson for one thing." "It's a marvel to me that you did not find that out long ago," returned the doctor. "A mnother's instincts are a. ways true-the boy in the Tyrol was yours, and your wife know it; but, womanlike, she loved you so tenderly that she kept all her hopes and fears to her self, and tried to get at the bottom of the mystery before she disturbed your mind." "There's where the trouble began-if she had only trusted ims at first, and had no secrets from me-I thought the child was hers-born before our msarriage." The doctor uttered an exclamation of disgust. "Just like a jealous fool!" he ex claimed. " Couldn't the child's age de terimine that ?". "I took no thought of it's age," re plied the earl. "No, you didn't," stormed the old man,." you just jumped at conclusions, to, suit your jcalous fancy--ous should have gone to a mad-houso, not your poor wife, the truest and fondest wife in Eng land." The earl stood silent in the summer twilight, his face ghastly in the gloom.. "Yes," lie said, slowly, at last, his voice broken and unnatural. "I believe it hll now, and I would give my soul's eternal welfare to recall the past-but it is too late, too late!" " (7o be con?inuted.) 