*; BOWSER'S HOUSE. ;0: . '.; '?',.,'^V z- (By Mrs. Bowser) ' ''?^'v^Vv'- ' A.T 3 o'clock ;the other afternoon I acci -; l^plQ & dentally caught eight of Mr. Bowser skulking \h?^v/'' about the back yard. He had acted very ^^'f'^t /'- 'festlessly at dinner time, and I at ouce felt .'V \jV, something was wvorg. A caller came, and 'o w ? ' I could not get out to the barn for half au . -, X ju 'hour, and then it was too late. A horso ' -'? ?* stood in the stall, and Mr. Bowser stood looking at the horse. 'Have you — you ? 'I gasped. 'Have I what?' 'Bought another horse after those two dreadful failures ?' ' JJreadtul lauures. l bought oue norse, and he objected to the neighbourhood. The 1 other liked the neighbourhood, but you ob jected to the colour.' ' Mr. Bowser, please Jdon't buy another horse. We don't need one, you know, and you wIU surely get swindleed.' 'Swindled! I get swindled on a horse! The man who cun swindle me on a hors9 ' ' has yet to bo boru ! I know 'em from ears to heels. I can read 'em like so many books. Wo need a horse, here was a chance for a ? great bargain, and I improved it.' 'I'm eo — so sorry.' ; ' That's just like youy but I can't help it. ','T don't propose to -throw a hundred dollars over my shoulder. I ibought that; animal for 20CdoJ., and just in time to head off a man who would have been glad to pay 300dol. I wouldn't take 400dols. for him as he stands there.' e ' I was much put out, and after, a time Mr. Bowser followed me into the house, and said : 'Just wait, a week, and if he does not turn out all right I?li sell him for the 300dol. and give you the extra lOOdol.' , Nothing further was said until the next \- .-morning, though in the meantime I heard ,.Mr. Bowser telephoning about; condition t powders, bran-mashes, toe-weights, quarter boot3, hand-holders, and throat-Wea tera. It seemed to me that he ordered about oOdol. worth of those things. Twice in the night ' he got up and raised' the back window to listen, and he was out of bod and out in the barn with the fii st beams of daylight. He came into breakfast with a smile all over his face, and announced : 'Mrs. Bowser, yourself and child are invited to a sleigh- ride after breakfast.' .' You don't mean it !', j ;' v ' But I do.' Not only that, but I hope to show you a gait that will throw snow in the eyes of all who follow.' He had borrowed a neighbour's cutfcer and , bells, and after breakfast I got ready. Mr. '. , Bowser said it was better to make our start ? \ from the barn, and when I got out there I . found a lengthy, raw-boned, wall-eyed '?? equine, pawing the floor and working 'hi3 v. ears, and anxious to be off. ' He looks dangerous,' I said, after watch-, ing him for a minute. . 'So does a stuffed lion, but he isn't. However, if you are a coward I'll ask Mrs. Johnson to go.' ' Mr. Bowser, you are as pale as a ghost, and all in a tremble. You are afraid of him yourself.' .. '.' W— hat ! Afraid of him, or auy other _ ' horse living ! You can't go with me, Mrs. _ Bowser. Go into the house !' I held the horse while he shut the barn „ door, and I sized the animal up as a vicious . brute. I fully expected a' calamity of some kind, but I would not back out or let Mr. \- Bowser go alone. I entreated him to un hitch, but he glared at me and replied : ' Have you gone clean daft? This horse is as gentle-as a rabbit, and I'd as soon let \- the baby drive him. Whoa, Claudius ! Now you may go.' ' But Claudius didn't go. He pawed the earth and the air, stood on his hind feet, and seemed to have struck a circus. Bowser, who was looking puzzled.' 'Certainly. He's a I'earnaught.' ' Then he doesn't fear us, does he ? And 1 do Fearnaught horses always go through those cunning tricks before the start off ?' 'Keep still. Go on, Claudius,' '-? - Claudius dropped down on all-fours long1 enough to use his hind feet and send the -? dash-board of the cutter flying high above our heads, and as I picked the slivers out of ? my bonnet I asked Mr. Bowser if he hadu't better let the baby drive. Just then the beast started. He started with a sort of hop, skip, and jump, which gave me the impros sion-tbe cutter wanted to get over the fence ..into the next yard. After getting a Btart, ' the horse laid himself out for a ruu, and as I realised this I said to Mr. Bowser, whose eyes huug out like unions : V.He was warranted nerfectlv docile. ?waa'nfc he ? This is 'only his way; of getting down to town isn't it?' 'He's running away !'\: shouted Mr. Bowser, as his hat blew off and a great cloud of snow wizzed by his ear.. ' ' But you ain't afraid of any horse living 'you kr.ow ? It's probably somo freak on ,tho part of Claudius. What a delightful1 pace-!' Whatever olse could be said against the . horse he was a ruuner. He had a contruct to draw us at the rate of a mils every three minutes, and ho didn't stop to count the cost. How he managed to dodge street cars, cutters, and trucks, and.turu three or ?four corners I can't esnlain: hnv nm-Vinns it-. was because I had tho reins and Mr. Bowser i - .was looking for a soft place to fall out on. t- The bmte stopped after a two mile dash, and \- ? when I brought him up to the kerbstone a' \- policeman had to lift Mr. Bowser out, and give him a swallow of cbrdial to braco him \- ? up. ' I had almost stopped him when a cramp '' caught mo,' explains Mr. Bowser to the crowd. ' Eats i'call half a dozon yoicoa. ' Say old man, you aren't 'fit io drive no such beast as that!' ?'Nobody bufc a fool would have bought such a bi'ute !' ,, , - ' Oomo off, old man, arid buy you a hobby horse 1' '., '. ,Vj Mr. Bowser and I went homo on the car. We didn't say much until we reached the house. I wasn't going to Bay much ihen, bufc Mr. Bowser turned on me with : ' Now then explain your conduct !' 'What?' . : ? ' ' In snatching those lines out of my hands' and trying to make a heroine of yourself ! Mrs. 'Rnvcrsov. +1irvr's a. limit-, fcn all t.hin28. You have reached that limit ! I may not be home again this week !' But he wag. Indeed, he has been very humble over since. He got rid of the horse nest day, gave me money for a spriug bonnet, and it ?a mutually understood -that we dont refer to tho past. 