TA L E. Two Newspaper Paragraphs. THURSDAY, April 8, 188—. I, Pierce Cormac, have no great story to tell, and I don't know what impulse it is that is driving me this dull, rainy morning to set down the events of the last few weeks. But to a man to whom such a thing has happened as has happened to me the future may have interest enough to warrant the telling of all that is in any way concerned with what may be before me. God knows I shall be glad enough if some day, in two or three years maybe, I can put this paper in the fire and cay to myself, 'It was nothing, after all— a false alarm.' I am now writing in a small room high up in a hotel in the Rue des Saints Pères, Paris; but until a few weeks ago I lived a very quiet life in the heart of the county Clare. I was my father's second son and at the time of my elder and only brother's death, I was being educated in Paris with a view to be- coming a priest. I was fifteen years old when I first went to Paris, knowing nothing but what the national schoolmaster had toilfully taught me, and, except in the matter of the French language, I had not added much to my small stock of learning when, two years later, poor Redmond died, and my father, who was a widower, sent for me to come home. He took away my hand from the plough, saying the priesthood was a good trade for second sons, but was not fit business for the heir. He sent me to college, and I spent four years in Dublin, where I learned to speak in a brogue—having almost forgotten my native inflection during my schooling in France— and acquired a smattering of the law, and generally fitted myself to take my seat on the bench of magistrates when I finally came home for good. Soon afterward my father died; and, there being no apparent reason why I should do otherwise, I went on living at Carrig Frass, with little to interest me beyond my horses and my shooting, and nothing to do but look after my small property, which at best brought me in about five or six hundred a year. One day—it was my birthday, the 13th of last month, March—I rode over to Bludth. Bludth is a hamlet, about fourteen Irish miles off, and it is as forsaken a place as you could ever see. The only decent building in it is the police barracks—a tall, white-washed box of a place, with triangular iron blinds to the windows, like the vizors which you see on old helmets. There are a couple of public-houses and the rest of 'the street,' as they call it, is composed of wretched little thatched cottages, of which, for the most part, I have the honour of being the proprietor. My business was to collect rent, and bad as the times are, I got the greater part of the few pounds which I was ower. At one house only, the last in the row, which had strag- gled a little apart from the others was my rent refused to me. The man who occupied it was an ill-condi- tioned blackguard, who was more than sus- pected of being an agent in the moonlight outrages that have disgraced this county. I had stopped at his house in coming and left word with his wife that this was his last chance, and that I would 'have the law on him' if he did not pay up. Now, as I rode on I whistled to Shaun, my little yellow Irish terrier, to follow me without further delay- ing. He had fallen some distance behind, nosing about at the side of the road, and as he passed Herlihy's cabin a large dog jumped over the wall of the potato garden, and knocking him over, began to worry him. I jumped of and left the mare standing in the middle of the road while I did my best to separate the dogs. At last, by dint of laying into the aggressor—a big gray brindled cur that had often before attacked me—with my crop, I made him loose his hold of Shaun's throat, and with a kick that must have tested the stuff his ribs were made of, I sent him over the wall. Shaun was but little worse for the encoun- ter; my own hand had got a good deal torn by either his or the gray dog's teeth, but it was nothing to signify, and I soon tied it up with my pocket-handkerchief. The mare was rooting with her nose in the mud on the top of the fence and let me catch her without trouble, and I started again. It was past 6 o'clock, an angry-looking, stormy afternoon. I was riding up a valley through the hills to the west, in the teeth of the wind which was blowing big brown clouds over the high ridge of the mountains through the gap in which the sun had gone down. A desolate little lake, half-smothered by rushes, fills up the lower end of the valley through which my road went. It was black with the small waves that the wind had whipped all over it, and the nearer hills hid it from the yellow light that was still flow- ing in a long stream over the shoulder of the Forna. The narrow bohireen on which I was travelling was squeezed close in between the lake—Lough Clure, its name is—and the steep, up-springing sides of a furzy hill that rose nearly sheer out of the water. I remem- ber the thought striking me that this was just the sort of time one might expect to meet the Black Hound that the country people say lives in Lough Clure. They say he comes up now and then, dark and dripping out of the water, and on whoever he lays his paw there comes a black sickness like the plague, and no one has ever recovered from it. But one cannot believe all their stories. A little boy riding on a donkey met me; a gray ghost of a donkey, and a little boy who looked in the twilight as ghostly as his jack- ass. He bobbed his head to me as he passed, but I did not take any notice of him. I was jogging steadily on, with the rent, which had been paid me in very small coin, clinking in my pockets. My thoughts were back in Paris. This was a good-for- nothing, colour- less life I was living—no profession, no hopes, no future. I wish there had never been any idea of making a priest of me. It was an un- lucky thing, somehow, I had gone back of a resolve of that kind. I could not shake off a superstitious feeling that doing so had brought some blight over my life. 'My God! Look at that little dog!' This from the donkey-boy whom I had just passed blended with a yell from a dog. I looked round; the boy was off his donkey stooping over something in the road. I rode quickly back to where he was standing, and there saw Shaun struggling in the dust, half of his head laid open by a blow from a large stone that lay on the road by him. ' 'Twas Dan Herlihy thrun it,' the don- key-boy said, excitedly. 'I seen him run north over the hill, through the furze.' I got off my horse again, but this time I could do little for poor Shaun. One of his eyes was knocked clean away—I would rather he had been killed by the dog. I lifted him up and took him home in my arms, and the next morning, with a sorry heart, I put a bullet through his head. Poor little Shaun! I wonder if it will ever come to that with me? I had no proofs against Herlihy. All I could do was to determine to get the last penny of his rent out of him, and, if ever the chance came in my way, to show him as little mercy as he had shown Shaun. The chance has not come yet; but if I pull through this thing that is on me now, please God I will pay Shaun's debt and a little trifle I owe Dan Herlihy on my own account, honestly and with interest. However, at time there was nothing for me to do but sit still, and it was just three weeks later that I was told one morning that a woman was at the door wanting to speak to me. It was Herlihy's wife, a gaunt, care- worn looking creature, who kept her head covered up in the hood of her cloak and spoke in a hoarse, frightened voice. 'Sir, your honour,' she began, 'niver say the word to Dan that I come here. Sure I'd have come before, but I would'nt be let by him.' She paused and then went on hur- riedly: 'There was a person said you were bit by our dog that time you rode into Bludth yisterday three weeks. Your honour, sir,' she said, coming a step nearer, 'whatever way the dog was that day, the day afther he was runnin' mad through the counthry, and the polis couldn't kill him till he had three of Mahony's cows bitten, and himself half dead with the boys hunting him.' 'How do you know he was mad?' ' 'Ere yistherday was the twenty-first day with the cows, and wan of thim's dead al- ready.' 'Who was the person said I was bitten?' She began to cry: 'Oh, that I'd have it to say of my own husband! Dan seen it, your honour! He was inside in the house, and he seen you ty- ing up your hand, and he never let on a word till after the cow's dying, an' thin he says, 'Theres'll be more that way!' says he. 'Why so?' says I, and he says——' I cut her story short. My temper is none of the best, and the less I heard about Dan Herlihy the better. 'I am obliged to you for your trouble,' I said, for after all she had come a long way to tell me of what she believed to be my danger. 'Here is something for you, and go around to the cook and get some dinner. And then you may go home and tell your blackguard of a husband that I am quite well and mean to keep so, and that he'll hear more of me before he's done with me.' With that I put a couple of shillings in her hand and turned my back upon her. She took the money as if she only half liked doing so, and went slowly on round the house to the yard, while I stood on my hall doorsteps and began to think over what she had just told me. My house is built high up on a hillside and there is a fine view from the front of it. You look straight out over rough, tumbling hills to the sea, and the Shannon lies to the south, cutting the country in two like the bright blade of a knife. There was hardly a touch of white in the blue sky that April morning. Very high up there was a lark singing; in the lower levels of the air plover were wheeling and whistling; the wind brought the soft spring music of the bleat- ing of lambs to me in purring waves of sound. It shook the fuschsia hedge that was sprout- ing at the foot of the garden and brought the crisp sheaths of the elm-tree buds fluttering down onto the ground. I suppose I noticed these things then, or I should not be able to feel them so clearly now—but I do not remember doing so. I stared at the purple mark on my right hand where the wound made by the dog's teeth had been. It was too late now for any of the ordinary rough-and-ready cures; and the probability seemed to be that as I had kept well up to this, nothing was going to happen to me and I need take no precautionary measures. Indeed, only for the cows I don't believe I would have thought twice about it, but their dying certainly gave me a bit of a shake; and the talk I had with the dispen- sary doctor not long ago about this M. Pas- teur's cure for hydrophobia recurred to me (though, to tell the truth, little Considine said he had not such great opinion of it) and I had been feeling unsettled and restless for some time; in fact, putting one thing and another together, I thought the best thing I could do was to start off for Paris as soon as I could. I do not mean to pretend that I had or have much faith in this system of Pasteur's. I had heard only very little of it from Dr. Con- sidine, and had read about as much in the newspapers, and I think I am not disposed to believe new things very readily. I am a bit of a fatalist, and don't hold much with doctors. If you live for seven or eight years in one of the remotest parts of Ireland, your intellectual part gets very sodden. The doctors and the priests do their best— first the one and then the other; but here abouts I think of the 'mountainy men,' who see little of either, get on just as well as the rest. However, all this is neither here nor there—as they say—and to come back to where I started from, whether I believe in Pasteur or no, it was well worth taking the off chance of following his treatment, when it involved getting away from Carrig Frass. Even if I were going to die in a week, I would be glad to to live that last week iu Paris. There was a little hotel toward the lower end of Rue des Saints Pères that I knew very well. My only friend in Paris, outside the walls of the seminary, had lived there. He was an American art student, a distant connection of mine through some long-since emigrated relative, and my rare holidays had always been spent with him. It did not look the same place to me yes- terday afternoon, when I arrived cold and tired after my long journey. There is a new proprietor, and the house is all changed; the big pots with prickly shrubs in them no longer block up the doorway, and I missed old Hector, the big dog who used to sprawl across the narrow hall. I looked idly down the list with the names of the inmates, which hung, each name against its respective key, in the bureau, with an illogical hope that after eight years 'Wilbur G. Collins' might still be found opposite key No. 56, uu cin- quième; but the name so outlandish that I remember it still—'Zdenka Vorschak'—was what I saw. I don't even know if it is a man's or a woman's. It was a dark gloomy evening. The rain and wind that had beaten against the win- dows of Carrig Frass all that long night the night before my start—the night after Bridget Herlihy had told me the dog was mad—had faithfully followed me. The rain and that fierce west wind had travelled ex- press across England and France as well as I and were seemingly as undefeated here in Paris as they had been at home. I was very tired and I went to bed early, but I could not sleep for a long time. Most of the old hotels on the further side of the Seine have as many rooms as a beehive has cells, and the thinness of the partition walls in the hotel Saint Roch spared me none of the pounding of pianos, the tramping to and fro, the noisy good-nights which went on till past twelve. Piercing through these rougher sounds I had heard the voice of a violin; and as they one by one fell into si- lence, the violin notes grew louder and stronger. It was a wild, miserable sort of music, the like of which I had never heard before. It kept me awake for a long time, and when I got to sleep at last I believe it mixed some way with my dreams. I thought that I was back in Carrig Frass and that there were dogs howling round the house. Then the howling died into a long cry like as if some one being killed. But what- ever was happening I could not move to give any help. I was dead, paralyzed, all but my bitten right hand, which kept clutching at my throat as if it were possessed, and wanted to tear it out of me. My father used to tell me I was no better than an old woman for believing in dreams; and though there was never any one less superstitious than I am, I don't like a bad dream any more than another man. Anyhow, when I awoke, two or three hours ago, I felt anything but refreshed. It is a dim, wet morning, and while the faint noises of the street have with the strengthening light slowly crept into my room, I have occu- pied myself by writing this rough account of how I have come here, and I will continue to do the same so long as anything happens that seems to me worth the trouble of writing out. April, 10th. 'Well, I have been to M. Pasteur, and he and the rest have shaken their heads over me, and said I have come too late, and that it is a bad case. I would like to know what reason they have for saying that. I cannot even be sure if it was Shaun or the mad dog that bit me, and, anyhow, I came as soon as I could. They tell me I must go to them twice, mornings and evenings, but I will not. If they cannot get enough poison into me once in a day they will have to be content to let me be a decimal on the wrong side of their average of cures. Dr. Considine told me it was only once a day they injected the stuff—'and quite often enough, too,' he said, and he is a smart little man and knows what he is talking about. I am not going to have anything to say to their 'intensive treatment,' and so I told them—I more than half think I was a fool for coming at all. Paris is not what I remember it, and I am very lonesome here with no one to speak to. Yesterday morning was my first visit to M. Pasteur's, and I went there again to-day. It is a curious place, and they are a funny crew of people that you see there, from every nation on the earth, all waiting to have what you would think was worse than death put into their veins for the sake of getting life out of it. I could not help wondering for how many of them the bargain would turn out successfully. There was a strange-looking girl got into the same tram as I did when I was leaving the Pantheon yesterday. She had more soft, grayish-yellow hair than she knew what to do with. It was wound in big wisps over her head like ropes of bay—'soogawns' we call them at home—and her eyes looked like wells of some pale yellow-green oil. I could not get her face out of my mind last night, while that fellow kept me awake with his fiddling. I wished he was dead, with his dirges. This morning I met that girl again. This time I was in the Rue d'Ulm, just leaving the Ecole Normale after my daily dose of poison. She looked very hard at me. I won- der if she recognized my white face and foxy hair again. April 12th. I never used to be much of a one to keep a diary, but now, it seems, I have taken a new turn. Perhaps it is what the old women call the change before death (though I don't be- lieve I'm going to die at all). The night be- fore last—just after I had made the last entry —the fiddling began again, worse than ever screaming and crying like, some creature in mortal pain. I was cross and tired, and I could not stand it. I rang for the garcon in vain, and finally left my room, and making my way up the steep stairs to the next étage, I knocked at the door of the musician. An inner door opened and shut, and then the door I was at opened a very little. 'I ask pardon, monsieur,' I began, 'but I am an invalid, and your violin prevents me from sleeping.' The door was opened more widely, and I heard an exclamation in a woman's voice. The gas in the passage had been put out, and the lamp in the room behind her did not give much light, but with even less I should still have recognized the girl with, the yellow hair 'I regret that I have disturbed you, mon- sieur,' she said in French, with a certain soft foreign accent that puzzled me as to her nationality. 'I am also an invalid'—she laughed a little—'but with me it is different —my violin helps me to sleep.' She turned and spoke to some one in the inner room in a language which I had never heard An oldish woman came for- ward with the lamp in her hand. 'Rado, hold the light that monsieur may descend these charming stairs in safety,' said the girl in French; 'bon soir, monsieur.' She went into the inner room, slamming the door behind her, and the servant stood with the lamp outside at the head of the stairs until I had turned down the corridor to my own room. What she had meant by saying that infer- nal fiddling sent her to sleep, I could not imagine. I like music well enough at a proper time, and as far as I could judge, she played remarkably well; but at 1 o'clock in the morning to be kept awake by screams and lamentations like an old woman keening at a funeral was more than I could stand. And why had she laughed? Altogether she was a curious girl, and I wondered if I should meet her again out of doors next morn- ing. I looked out for her in the Rue d'Ulm and at the omnibus bureau outside the Pantheon, where I had seen her before. I thought it likely that she was taking lessons in music, or the like, from some of the many teachers who live thereabouts. But I did not see her. I strolled on down the Rue du Pantheon, feeling very low in my mind. The doctors had been abusing me fer not coming to them before, if they cannot cure me with one dos- ing per diem they will have to do without. However, I believe I am as well as ever I was; it was only the sudden change from cold to hot spring weather that made me feel depressed and sick. I looked in at the shop window as I passed and dull they were, too. They are mostly all bookshops in the Rue du Pantheon, and although to speak French is as easy to me as to speak English, I do not care much about French literature; certainly not technical medical works, such as filled one window at which I had stopped. A young girl was standing at it, apparently trying to read a pamphlet that was lying open inside. She turned round with a start, as I stood still be- hind her, and I saw it was the fair-haired violinist. 'Good morning, mademoislle,' I said, tak- ing off my hat (being resolved not to let slip this opportunity of speaking to her); 'I trust the cessation of the music last night did not not keep you awake? It had the contrary effect upon me.' She lifted the pale-yellow lashes that half concealed her eyes. 'No, monsieur; the charm had worked; I slept well.' I wondered in my own mind what she meant by this, but I did not like to ask it. She had turned to study the pamphlet again; I saw it was one by a celebrated French doctor on 'La Rage,' and I felt, naturally, a sort of personal curiosity as to why she was reading it. 'Mademoiselle is interested in that subject?' I began again. She turned upon me with a kind of defiacne. 'And why should I not be?' she replied a little excitedly, but there was a hunted fright- ened look in her face. 'Is not every one talk- ing of la rage now? You—you yourself seem to be interested in this illness, or else why do you go daily to M Pasteur's?' She said this still with a gay manner, but she watched closely for my answer. 'I am one of his patients, mademoilselle,' I answered. All the laughter left her face. She got very white. 'And so am I also,' she said slowly, as if the words were forced out of her, her big eyes wide open, and looking as if a light had sud- denly gone out behind them as she stared into my face. APRIL 17th. The more I see of her, the more she per- plexes me, and the more I think of he. In- deed, I keep thinking of very little else these times, and I try to clear my head by writing as much down as I can. There is a little salon in this hotel were no one ever sits, though it is supposed to be for the use of pensionnaires. I told her I was very lonely by myself all the long evenings, and I asked her would she come there after dinner and talk to me. I asked her that the second day after I spoke to her in the street, and she said she would come. It is a dark little hole of a room, with no- thing in in but a table and a hard little red velvet-covered sofa, and two or three chairs; and all the garcon would do for me to make it more cheerful was to light a couple of feeble flares of gas in the chandelier thing overhead. (I think I might as well say here that the day I met her was the last on which I went to the doctor's. I was tired of it—I had lost faith somehow—if I ever had any—when they said I had come too late. I do not be- lieve that there is a thing that ails me. It was as likely Shaun's teeth that tore me as the other dog's. Anyhow, I will leave that fact to be found out by the practical test of time.) I had been in the little salon, and I was thinking of her all the time, but I did not hear her enter the room. She came lightly in, and the first I knew was another face re- flected beside my own in the mirror over the chimney piece, where I was standing. It was a bad glass that gave everything a blue green tone. It looked like a drowned woman that I saw in it. She had on a long, curious-looking, white gown, with black, and gold and red em- broidery on it. She saw me look at it as I turned round and spoke to her. 'That is our Slavish embroidery,' she said without taking any notice of what I said to her; 'you seem to me, monsieur, a very in curious person. This is now the third or fourth time that we have spoken to each other, and yet you have asked me neither my name nor my nation; but I will tell them to you. My name is Zdenka Vorschak and my coun- try is Hungary. I am a Slav.' She sat down as she spoke on the sofa by the wall; what light there was was full in her face. 'And you?' she said. I had known her name well enough, but I had waited for her to tell it to me herself. Now I answered the latter of what she had said. 'I am Irish, Mademoiselle, and my name is Pierce Cormac.' 'You speak French very well. Save you been long in Paris?' 'I have been here before, but not far some years. I only came to this hotel a week ago.' 'You have only been here, chez Pasteur, for a week. Then when did it happen?' I did not at first understand her. 'Happen?' I repeated stupidly, and I looked at her face for explanation. Her eyes were fixed on my right hand, where the marks of the dog's teeth were still plain enough, for he had given me an ugly gash. Then it flashed on me what she was driving at, and I began to tell her how I had been bitten. As I spoke, my story became fuller and fuller. I told her of my life up to the day on which its current had been so un- expectedly changed, I told her everything that I have written here, and more, being held to speaking and compelled to say all that was in my heart, yes, and more than I had thought was there, by the stress of her strange eyes. I felt almost giddy, as if I were look- ing into changing water, and it was not until I had finished speaking that I could take my gaze out of hers. Then I saw how much paler she was than she had been when first she came into the room. 'I have tired you, mademoiselle,' I said anxiously; 'my story has been too long and tedious.' She did not mind what I said. 'There is something still that you have not told me,' she said earnestly; 'what was the day on which this happened?' 'I thought I had told you—the 13th of March in the afternoon. I have always been quite sure of the date, as it chanced to be my birth- day.' She looked at me as if she scarcely believed what I said. 'Mon Dieu, this story becomes very amus- ing,' she said, with a little laugh; 'that day with the unlucky number is, also, my birth day. I wonder if there are any other points of resemblance. What was he like, par ex- ample, this dog who attacked yours? The dog who——' She stopped without ending her sentence. 'He was a big, gray brute,' I answered, 'brindled, with bluish-white eyes that had black centres to them no larger than an oat.' Her whole expression changed while I was speaking; there was nothing but fear in her face now. 'Holy Jesu!' she said a low voice, as if she had forgotten that I was there. 'It was the same; that was what he was like—the creature who attacked me. I saw him run- ning,' she went on in the same frightened whisper, 'running, a little speck on our broad, white road; and then he was close to me. I could hear his gaspings; I could see his eyes like pale flames; it was the same, I tell you?' she cried wildly; 'he was a devil on the same day he destroyed us both; we shall both die——' She was standing up now, shaking from head to foot; and moving her hands in a way that somehow helped me to picture what she was describing. I took them in mine, mean- ing to lead her back to the little sofa where she had been sitting. They closed on my hands with a nervous pressure that sent a thrill through me. 'Do you feel it?' she whispered; it is burning as if there were teeth of fire in it. You cannot see it, your hand covers it. It was my right hand also he tore; but you can feel it, you can feel it in your own.' Her voice broke off wth a little sigh, and I felt her hold on my hands slacken. I had never seen a woman faint before, having had but litte to say to them one way or the other, and I did not know what I had to do. But I am a big man, being a good bit over six feet high, and strong at that, and I just gathered her up in my arms and set out to carry her upstairs to her own room. Though she is slight for her height, the carrying of her up those steep, slippery stairs was no easy matter, and joined to the dread of stumbling was the fear that I might meet some one on the way. But by some lucky chance there was no one either on the stairs or about the passages. Her room was on the fourth étage, and I stopped outside her door to draw my breath. Her head was on my right shoulder; her soft hair tickled my cheek. On my left shoulder lay her hand, her right hand. I could see plainly the dar scar where the dog had bitten her. I half knelt down in order to sup- port her on my knee while I knocked at the door for her servant; but before I finocfied I took her scarred hand in mine and fiissed it. April, 24th. Now that I have begun the tricfi of fieep- this fiind of diary it has got to be a necessity with me. I believe if I was dying I would still be trying to scrawl what was happening to me. Though why I talk of dying I don't know. It is the forty-second day with me now since I was bitten, and I see that there are only three cases recorded in which the time between the date when a man is bitten and when he goes mad is longer than that. I be- lieve if there ever was any danger for either of us, it is all over now. It certainly was a curi- ous coincidence that she should have been bit- ten on the same day as I was, but I cannot say I think anything of that; and still less do I mind her foolish fancies about the dogs be- ing alike. Herlihy's dog was just a common brindled cur, and it would be a much funnier thing if there were not a good many others like him in the world, than if there were an odd one of the same type. However, as I am forever saying to her, we are both quite sound and fit, and it might be the same dog or devil either, twenty times over, for all I care. She and I meet each other now every day. We meet at 12 o'clock, at déjenner, and after that we generally walk down to the river, and along under the horse- chestnuts, that have all broken into full leaf during these last warm days, to the Point d'léna, and so on into the gardens of the Trocadero, where there is every sweet shrub flowering and the birds singing, and I thing of Carrig Frass and thank God I'm not there. She knows no one in Paris any more than I do Her people, I think, are very poor. She was talking to me a few days ago about her loneliness here, and she said she had only just enough to keep her and her servant for the six weeks for which they had settled to come here, and to pay their way back to Southern Hungary again. Her six weeks will be up this day week. She has taken the treatment regularly, and I should think she is as safe as any one can be, but it is easy to see she does not think so herself. She has often a flighty, excitable way with her that shows the state her nerves are in. She badly wants some one to look after her. To-day she was telling me about her life, in that big flat, silent country she comes from. The long quiet plains, speckled as far as you can see with flocks of sheep and herds of cattle and horses; the little villages dotted here and there over the wide sea of grass, and the Danube, sweeping its burden of rafts and barges between fringes of pop- lar into the level blue distance, seem to ful- fil all her ideas of what a landscape ought to be. I believe I could show her something better than that at home in the county Glare. She says she is going to be a musician, and until she came here all her days were given to practicing the violin with that object in view. 'Here I have to give up my eight hours a day,' she said with a look at me that had laughter behind it, though her face was quite serious; 'the pensionnaires might not like it. But I play as much as I can,' she went on; 'it is my violin that keeps me alive only for it—' She broke off and leaned to- ward me across the little yellow tin table at which we were sitting; for we were in our usual quiet corner in the gardens of the Tro- cadero. 'Were you disturbed by my play- ing last night?' 'It was a hot night,' I answered eva- sively, 'I should not have slept in any case.' Indeed, long after she had ceased, I had lain awake tossing and thinking, think- ing—— 'There are some nights,' she went on quickly, with the scared white look coining into her face which I had seen in it before, 'when I must play: then I cannot hear the sound of its feet galloping softly toward me, and its pantings. Last night I thought of you, and I would not play more. I put the violon away and I put out the light and got into my bed. I told myself I was an imbe- cile, I would not listen; but it came, I heard it coming across the floor—Rado was asleep; she was snoring so loudly you would have thought I could hear nothing else, but I knew it was there.' 'How did you know it?' I said, though I knew I was a fool to encourage her in speak ing of such fancies. Her right hand was lying on the table, un- gloved; my eyes followed hers to the purple mark of the now healed wound. 'He licked it,' she said, 'he laid his hot tongue on it; there, on the place where he had bitten it——' Her face was quivering, and she kept giv- ing quick, short looks to every side as if she expected to see the creature she had dreamed of coming again to attack her. It was more than I could stand to sit there and watch her. I got up and walked around the table and sat down by her side. 'Dear mademoiselle,' I said, taking her cold hand in mine, 'these are all fancies. Your nerves are strung too high, and your imagination plays on them as you do on your violin. You soon will leave Paris, and will forget all about this trouble and everything connected with it. I suppose I ought to hope that for that reason you will also for- get me, but I am not capable of so much un- selfishness.' I tried to make my voice sound as little serious as I could, but it shook a bit in spite of me. Something in the touch of her hands unsteadied me, and the speaking of her go- ing away had made the thought of her doing so more of a reality than it had ever been be- fore. 'But I cannot forget,' she answered quickly withdrawing her hand from mine. 'It hangs over me always—I am not afraid of death, but it is the shame of it—to die like an animal— or to be smothered: they did that to a man in a village near us who was mad. Promise me,' she said, turning her shining, frightened eyes upon me, 'promise me if it comes upon me here that you will shoot me—I shall not mind that—there would be no degradation in dying like that—I would not ask you, but you are the only friend I have in Paris.' I tried to answer her, but I could find no words. A passion of love and pity was fight- ing with the knowledge that a man with death at his elbow, as I have, has no right to speak of such things. She watched my face anxiously. 'Will you not promise?' she said. 'I know there might be danger for you, too—but I thought—I hoped——' My self-control broke down. I said no word to her, but I took her in my arms and kissed her many times. I was mad for the moment. I forgot everything but the sense that she was in my arms, held tight up against my heart, with the wind blowing her hair all about my hot forehead and her sweet lips giv- ing their sweetness to me. I do not know what I said to her, and the few words that she whispered to me—while the wind in the young leaves and the clear whistling of the birds and love made an un- dersound of songs in my heart—they are sacred and will never be known until I die and the blessed saints read them in my soul, where they burn forever. But after a time we awoke again to our usual lives, and though our eyes were still dazzled by the light of that high place where our souls had been, we began to see the shadow that we had both for a time escaped from. It was evening when we walked home and the low rays of the sun were breaking in sparkles on the swift Seine. 'Dear,' she said, 'I know now that it is true what a gypsy woman at home once told me, and I am glad of it. She said my life was knitted in with that of another. 'Who ever he is,' she said, 'he was born under the same star as thou wert, and his fate is thine.' I have sat up late to write all this. They always say that the happier some men are the more they look forward for trouble. I do not think that I am usually given that way myself but there is one thing I would like to say to which I have made my mind. They tell me that the first symptoms of hydrophobia often declare themselves some time, twenty-four hours, even, before the actual seizure begins. Should this happen to me—and I have no cer- tainty that it may do so at any minute—I will just slip away out of the hotel; I will say no good-by to her—she may think I have for- saken her; anything rather than the truth— I can easily remove from myself all marks of personal identification, and then I will know what to do. She will never find out, even if by chance she should ever again hear of me, the real reason of my death, and she will be cheated out of that belief in our sharing the same fate, which might so work on her nerves as to bring upon her that which would die a thousand times to keep from her. April, 25th, 11.30 p.m. I should like to finish this off. I should like to think that into whosever hands it may some day fall, it would make clear what would otherwise never he known. And per- haps after some years, whoever reads it will let her know what was the truth of it all. I have time enough for that before I lock this manuscript into my trunk and send it off by itself home again to Carrig Frass. I have been with her all day, and we were very happy. She has promised to marry me soon—quite soon—in a few days. Mother of God, from whose work I turned my hand, give me strength. She asked me after the table d'hote dinner this evening to come to her own little sitting room to have some tea. She handed me the cup and I raised it to my lips, but as I tried to drink there came a spasm in my throat, and I felt I could not swallow. It frightened me, but I said nothing, and we sat for a long time talking and making plans of what we would do when we were married. Every mo- ment that I was near her, every stir of her hand in mine, every touch of her soft cheek as she leaned her head on my shoulder, sent a rush through my veins of keen love and desire to live, and even then I was beginning to know that it was a mockery for me to talk of the future. She saw that I had not drunk my tea. 'I will give you more,' she said, 'this is cold.' She gave it to me, and when she did not see, I tried again to drink it; and again the spasm and the rigid contraction of all the muscles in my throat. So I told her I did not care for it; and I said good-night to her; that it was late. God knows I have much to do, and I had much to do before I could sleep, but I shall sleep sound enough when it is done. I kissed her twice, three times, as a dying man kisses a crucifix, but to me those kisses brought no hope. It is nearly midnight, and I must stop. I leave her to God—may he have mercy on my soul. PIERCE CORMAC. Extract from 'Le Soir,' April 26. 'This morning in a remote corner of the gardens of the Trocadero was found the body of a young man. He had apparently com- mitted suicide. In his hand was a revolver, one chamber of which, had been fired evi- dently by himself. He is very tall, and his appearance is that of a foreigner. No name or marks of identification of any kind were found upon the body, which, has been taken by the police to the Morgue. Extract from 'Le Petit Journal,' April 27. 'Yesterday evening in the Hospital——, a young Hungarian lady, by name Zdenka Vorschak, died of what is believed to have been rabies. The unfortunate lady has been under the treatment of H. Pasteur, and it is apprehended that some violent shock of the nervous system, combined with her own con- stant dread of hydrophobia, caused a nerve crisis in which many of the phases of rabies were closely simulated. Her death was, however, unattended by the more violent symptoms of this frightful malady, and we understand that some difference of opinion prevails among the physicians as to its true cause.' —E. E. Somerville, in London Society. 