ihe; mom ebince op \- ATOTEIi. A TRAGIC DEATH. CONFLICTING ACCOUNTS1. IBv Telegraph from Albany.! rFrom onr own CorresDondent. I London. February 8. Many conflicting statements are current respecting the circumstances of Prince Rudolph's death. The following narra tives ennnlv the details of the versions mcBt widely circulated : — HOW THE PRINCE WENT MAD. Prince Rudolph had been for the last threeyears at least living in a bad way. Hia disappointment at haying no son first; estranged him from his wife, and his in fidelities completed the separation. Gradually it became apparent that the young pair, formerly so attached, were leading a cat-and-dog life. The Princa took to drinking in excess. Of alight build and nervous, lymphatic temperament, highly imaginative and excitable in character, he could not stand the use of wine. He loBt interest in his literary pursuits and artistic studies and was always craving for excitement. He did mad things, andt when out bear-shooting or deer-Btalking was frequently seen with.fluahed face. He took pleasure more and more in loose) society, and became smitten withfondness for ghost stories and spiritualism, and was haunted with fear that he might become mad like Louis LL of Bavaria. He had an intrigue with a Baroness, Mario Yon M ? , a young lady twenty-one years of age, one of the beauties of Austrian society. She belonged to an old Czech family, and waa tha niece of a well -known Austrian sportsman. The acquaintance between the Baroness and the Crown Princa began some months ago. This # in creased the estrangement between Princa Rudolph and Princess Stephanie, his wife, and the Prince scarcely made a secret of his determination to obtain a divorce 1 He counted confidently upon receiving the assistance of the Emperor on account of the disappointment experienced by Hia Majesty when the doctors certified that the Crown Princess could not have further iE&ue.; To the Crown Prince's surprise and disappointment, however, the EmperoK point blank refused to countenance any thing of the kind. HIb Majesty professed hiniBelf, as he undoubtedly is, very much attached to the Crown PrinceBB, and rated his son for his unmarital conduct. On Sunday, January 27, there was a terrible scene between the Prince and his wife. Princess Stephanie threatened to ieturn to her parents in Belgium, and the Prince taunted her with having no son. The Emperor had to interfere. He told the Prince that he would appoint; him as Governor of Bosnia, and oblige him to go and live at Serajevo. ' ' There,'1, he said, ' you will have to lead a repu table life, and there will be an end of all thess scandals.' At the same time the Empezor cautioned the PrinceBB to be more patient with her husband. The Crown Prince was Been for the last time in public at the Princess Roub's reception oh that same Sunday evening. He was then wearing the Prussian uniform, and seemed in a gay mood, though flushed and some what flighty. Next morning hia father Bent for him and repeated what he had said the previous day, but with more peremptorinessj adding that he would give the Prince a week to make his submission and promise to lead a better life. Princa Rudolph got very angry, and left his fathec without kissing his hand according to the Austrian custom. Striding away to his apartments he took off his uniform, put on a euit of shooting clothes, sent; notes to Prince Philippe of Cobarg and Count Joseph Hoyos inviting them to join him at Meyerling for a couple of dayB* shooting. Soon afterwards he started for Meyerling in a two-horse cab, driven by a man named Bratfiacb, a noted singes - of comic songs. On Tuesday night the Prince dined with Count Hoyos, and steadied his nerves with a good deal of champagne. At first he was in very low spirits, but gradually brightened up, and after dinner Bratfiscb, the cabman, was Bummoned to sing to him. The Prince and Count Hoyos 'and Bratfiach remained together until 3 in the morning, but during the intervals between Bratfisch's congs the Prince several times left the dinicg-rcom and -ent to the study to write letters, which were afterwards found en bis desk. At 3 a.m. this singular company flepa« rated on the understanding that tha Prince would go out shooting at 9 o'clock in the morning. 