[?] By Sarah A. Widchee. CHAPTER in. On a certain foggy November even ing, the doctor sat in his consulting room frowningly lost in meditation. It is a larger room, than that in which we first had the pleasure of seeing him, at the back of a larger surgery, and he has no need now to trouble himself about chance customers, because there waits ready to attend upon them and real live and most gentlemanly as sistant. So the doctor himself has nc thing to do just now but to sit gazing gloomily into the fire, confronting the ghosts in the past ; and an accusing ghost anioiig tixia. ' To think, ' he said to himself, * that I should have susp — no, I never went so far as that — have made such an egregrious blunder as to imagine for one moment that there could be any thing 'wrong ?with — And a girl like that, saciificing herself to a heartless old father, aud he caring little or nothing what became of her, or wbat might happen in the event of his death. And to think, above all, that she must have known that time at the Tolebels some thing of what was passing in my mind, ; Here becomiug quite agitated he got up ana oegan pacing cne rosin wixu rapid stride. 1 To think, ' he went on, sitting down again after some minutes of this, ' that even if I knew where to find her, if 1 could see her at this moment I could not put into words anything of that I feel. To attempt it would be only a greater insult than, any former thought. Yes, that's the hardest part of it all. ' Yes, thafe was the hardest part. The \ doctor being by nature one of the most ? straitforward and honest of souls, ? would, had unintentionally done some other person an injury, have gone in stantly that he discovered his error to make his apologies and to offer any re p&vaiion; that lay iii his power. But here it was iniossible. Had he listened to the voice of common sense when at tending Mr. Urch, ne would have put a few direct questions to that gentlf man which might have solved the problem at once ; but instead,, his medical knowledge hal led him into intricate by-paths, only to leave him at last in a maze. So he sat down again filled with remorse. And it had all come about in this 'wise ;, Among the doctot s patients was a tnian of Fenthorne, who had been a gentleman's servant and had lived for some years with his master in India. This man had been attended by him for some weeks for ague and rheumatic fever, and was now slowly recovering. On this very November day, the doctor, en-ling on his patient and finding him Asleep, entered into conversation con cerning him with his wife, aud, while doing so, was struck with a warm fragrant odour, bearing, as so he fancied, an exact resemblance to that well-remembered odour he had noticed once, and only once, before — and that in tl'.e bedroom of Mr. Ureh. ' Has your husband been taking any thing particular?' he asked his wife, looking adout him. ' My James ? No, not much, sir. I wish he could take a little more. A cup of — ' ' I thought I noticed — ' began the doctor. ' Ah, sir,' said the woman, smiling ; ' that's just what everybody do. They always say how nice it smells ; it — ' 'It T said the doctor. ? What ?' , The broma, sir.' Brorna,' said the doctor; 'what's that?' ' Why, sir, it's a sort of cocoa. My James is very particular about it, too, and will have it made in the Indim fashion. He says we don't know how to do things properly in England. Just the same with curry and rice, you know, air. Yes, I thought I could before I was married, but I've learned to do things quite differeut siuce. And, after all, it's only a little extra trouble, so what matters. You see, sir, James was a gentleman's servant, and Mr. Urch was an invalid, and that par — ' ' Mr, Urch V said the doctor. Yes, sir. Excuse me, sir, one moment, and i'll go and see if that's James waking up. 1 think I heard him.' The doctor slowly subsided into a chair aud stared at the fire. He was thus staring when the woman re turned. * Will you walk up , sir, if you please ; he's wide awake now.; Mechanically he followed the wife upstairs. He found the patient better and stronger, and having cheered him by confirming this, and having got through his medical business as quickly as might be, sat down by the bedside to have a little chat with him. ' Now,' he said, kindly and pleasantly, ' I'm going to have a few minutes' talk with you, Air. Fenthorne, I beliee you once knew a Mr. Urch ?' 'Know him, sir,' said the man, turn- ing his eyes towards him with a half whimsical expression of countenance. ' I should rather think I did.' ' Tell me what you know about him, ' Well, shy said the man in the same whhnsieal way /as it would take about a week to do that, and I haven't much breath to spare just yet, I don't know a.-; T p.a.n : but if von'll &-=;!» mfi whafcwm want to know, I'll answer it,' The doctor thought for a moment. His patient's remark that he as yet not uiueli breath-to spare was true. How could he best frame his questions so as to spare the man the fatigue of talking unnecssarily ? ' You knew him in India, I am told,' he said at length, * What was he then r ? Something iu the Civil Service, sir ; a kind of magistrate, I believe. At least, he did the duty of one.' ? But your wife told me he was an in valid.' ' So he was, sir, in all sense. At leastr well — it's rather a long story, but I'll make it as short as I can.' ? Wait a bit,, said the doctor. ' I must not tire you out in my desire to hear these particulars ; but it is not from mere curiosity that I do so-. Let me ask your wife to bring you a cup of beef tea before you talk auy more, aud. you will be refreshed to go on.' The broth having been bronchi; .-viil partaken* of Fenchorne having been placed in a comfortable position,expres his readiness to go on. ' Now,1 the doetor said kindly, ' spare yourself un necessary fatigue by miking your story as concise as possible.' *To begin, sir, at the begining,' said tie man, 'Mr. Ureh was a. mail of violent temper ; at home feared by everybody and loved by nobody, except p ii'haps his poor wife, and very hai'oh and severe to all unlucky enough to be brought before him, especially the natives. People used to say he drank a- grej.t deal at that time, and I think it must be true.' ' Don't hurry,' said the doetor ,' stop to rest now and again. I anilisctsiiing: attentively.' Thank you, sir. Well, sir, there c line a day when Mr. Urch, being in a particularly bad temper, an old native having been brought before him for some trifle, some petty theft I remember it was, he gave him a very severe sentence. T wo of the old man's sons were in court, and when they heard it they went away muttering aad vowing vengeance. Some one told this to Mr. Urch and he took the trouble to go after them and make them a promise of what they should have if ever they were brought before him. Here James Fenthorne stopped to- rest a little. ' Well, sir, Mr. Urch was rather fond of going out alone, and he did so that day. When it got late and he did not come home, Airs. Urch got aaxious, and me and a fellow servant went to search for him. We found him lying, a* we thought t.ead and brougb: him home ; but ne was not dead. A, couple of doctor's were sent for, and were with him all that night. The next day it was given out that Air. Urch had & sunstroke, and was dangerously ill., 'Was it true ?' asked the doc$or,sorne thing m the man's mauner suggested, tha question. *No sir, not a word of it ; but the iew European servants they were allowed to know what was the matter. He had been attacked and beaten about the head with a bituit instrument, and left for dead. His ckull was fearfully hurt;, bat the doctori saved his life by doing some wonderful operation ; you'll know what, sir,, tre — something they call it.' ' Trepanning/ exclaimed the doctor becoming excited. And did he quite recover ?' ' Well, sirr he wa& always peculiar.. First of all I ought to have told you. he had a fearful struggle ; his clothes and bruises showed that,, and h£ was con-^ stantly dreaming about it^ He never' could bear the idea of sleeping more than three hours at a time, and used' to beg us, directly ha began to moan* or tods about,, to wake him. He used to do nearly all his aieping in the day time, aud would either read or walk about the house at night in a way that made everybody uncomfortable. And the doctors did say, and this I believe^ preyed upon his wile's mind,, poor- lady for they thought it best to warn her' that when he died it would be quite suddenly and his sleep, in consequence ?? of the injniy he had had,- 1 don'fr know why, sir, but I daresay you'll understand.. ' Yes,,' said the doctor, ' I attended^ Mr. Urch once, asl told you. Go on ;, let me hear all- the rest tiiat you1 know.' ' It isn't much more,, siiv HI as he had been, poor mistress died iksty. after three days' illness — their young daughter had only jjist come out then ^ and after that master seemed to get more tyrannical than ever, Anyho'W he soon made the place too- ?warm for him and left. All the old servants were discharged ,,me among, them. I got a* place at a Colonel Green's aud ail I Heard about Mr.- and Miss Urch alter' was that tliey had come back to Eng' land.' ' Then you don't happen- t& have heard,' the doetor said,,* tlaatMi,Urcli is dead V ' Dead ! is he really 2* said James Fenthorne. * Well, well, I suppose it'a- what we ?ill must come to.. *? And that pretty latsie fak-baired girl — she was between fifteen and six teen when I knew herr sir-- — is left, quite alone,,' ' Yes,' the doctor echoed, * quite alone ;' and shortly afterwards took his leave. 