IRELAND IN VARIOUS ASPECTS. FROM MISS BOSA MULHOLLAND. Dublin, 23rd May. Deab Coobin,—The Protestant Bishop of Xnmerick, himself a distinguished antiquary, has two sons, both of whom have published humourous songs and veraea on Irish subjects, of which the merit has been recognised. A vast difference lies between the burthenB of their songs, for, while Alfred Perceval Graves is in full sympathy with the joys, sorrows, humours, oddities, quaintnesses of his humblest fellow-countryman, his brother, Mr. C. L. Graves, employs his talent in endeavouring to throw ridicule on Irish national aspirations, and on individuals identified with national politics. Mr. William O'Brien and Mr. E. Harrington have both been unworthily caricatured by this artist, gome of whose ballads are described by a London authority {The Literary World) as "very poor sport, indeed." The illtreatment in prison of the two brave Irishmen above-mentioned inspires Mr. C. L. Graves, and in lengthy ballads, of which the humour ia very thin and forced, he strives to make them ridiculous in the eyes ot a world whioh is, however, beginning to see more clearly on these matters than it formerly did. It is pleasant to turn from his malignant pages to his brother's delightful " Songs of Killarney," and " Irish Songs and Ballads"—easy flowing verse, full of rich hnmonr, and as remarkable for the quaintness of its witty surprises, as for the freshness and tenderness of its sentiment. Nothing very strong or elaborate . is attempted, yet there are deep touches here and there which enhance the gaiety and brightness of the carelesB peasant-manner go successfully assumed by Mr. Alfred Perceval Graves. Every one has heard of " Father O'Flynn," a gem in its way, almost as popular now as the "(Wearing of theGreen." Not so well known is "Two Irish Idylls," beginning— " Trottin' to the fair, Me and Moll Maloney, Sated I declare, On a single pony." Or " The Spinning Wheel"— " Show me a sight , Bates for delight— An ould. Irish wheel wid a young , Irish girl ' it. " Oh,nol 1 Nothin' yo'u'llshow Agnate her aittin' an' talon' a twirl at it. ' ' • •• Look at her there— ' £?•> • . :':Night in her hair-i- ' The bluejray ot day from her eye laughin' out j,..OH UB.,,„; •.••:..;..£;... jviii-,.-: t••'••> Eaijtj-fln'fl foot,'. , • J^erfjeojfe of cut,_ ; , timin* to {tut ^n end to all doubt in us. 1 j.Jjfr.'GrftypB' fanner of dealing with a tragio. .suhjeptr-a light touoh, not so light bnt lhat it finds the heart—is shown in '• Bat of lie Bridge" :— , gtfajthejaqt to delay. ''Vjii'tee Vri^ge by th tlanw Winter and sumn Vx-Tr ?i .•J.iV/ Do you question why so ? What keeps him for iver Smokin' and jokin' ; And out on the river That rushes below Serenadin' so gaily ? 'Twas the cowardly blow Of a tinker's shillelagh Left tbe proper man so. But you'll wonder why, How at all it could happen, Suoh a broth of a boy Got the scandalous rappin', 'Twas September fair day, And the Adragole faction Wid Dnreen for the green And the bridge were in action; And from off the bridge road, With his cudgel so clever, Bat wbb leatherin' a load Of Cork men for ever, Just as if it was play. When up from beneath, Still further and further Houldin' tight in his teeth A stick that was murther, That black tinker stole, By the ivy boughs olingin', On the edge of the bridge, The knees softly swingin', . And, unknownst ait his back, From the wall of the river Fetched O'Kearney a crack, That left him for ever Wid a poor puzzled poll. Did he fall ? Not at all 1 But he picked ofi that tinker Like a snail from the wall; And before you could think, or Repate your own name Cot the stick from the ruffi'n, Knocked him dead on the head -, And widout shroud or coffin, Tossed him into the tide, And his black oorpse for ever From Ireland should glide; For her good soil could never Cover up such a shame. Thin backward agin, With a bitter soreech flyin' On the Adragole men, Just as they were cryin' " The bridge is our own." In their thick like a flail, he Swung till it sung, The tinker's Bhillelagh; So that staggerin' down, . Broken and battered, Out of the town All Adragole scatthcred Before Batsy alone. Ever since which Poor Bat's only iday Is to sit on the bridge, Wet day or dry day, Wid that stick in hiB fist; And no tinkerin' fellas Dare to come there, Wid their pots and their bell as; And all Adragole Takes the ford down the river, 1 For fear that the fool On the bridge end for iver, Should give them a twist. So he's cotne by a name, The English of which, sir, Translatin' that same,. To " Bat of the Bridge," sir. But the hour's growin' late, Good night, and safe journey; It's afloat in your boat You Bhould be Doctor Corney; By myself now, bad scran To the tribe of the tinkers, For they've left a good man, Like a horse widout winkers, All bothered and bate, Si* feet six Is the height Of poor Batsy to-night. Forty- eight the dimension Round his ribs by my inchin ; It's murther, I say, Such a man's thrun away. Another good example of Mr. Graves' oetry is the" Song of the Ghost ":— When all were dreaming But Pastheen Po'wcr,' A light came streaming Beneath her bower; A heavy foot ..,'•,. /U her,door delayed, A heavy hand On. the latch was laid. . " Now who dare venture At. this dark hour, ; -Unbid to enter . . My maiden bower?" ••.-.,. " Dear Pastheen open • The door , to me, • And your true lover ,,, .-.'i-,-. . You'll Burely.see." Myown'true lov0r, 1 S6 till and brave, " Livesekiledover ;' ,' "'• .• . ' The angry wave." ' ' •" 1 " Ybiir tfuelbve'e body" Li^son the'bier, ' •' • ''/Hidfaiijhfiilspirit rJ IB with'70uh6re." ' , , , . . .," His look vraB cheerful, r ' "HiitySiee ^ras'gay;' fa;-* J Yotir fepeech is fearful: ' \ ; Ybur face is grey; • •"• . : '•' "And sadand sunken s Your eye bl blue, , ' L'l; ' " But'Patriok, Patriot,..' , ; ,, ,'f -.;/ ,Alas! Hisyott!" ; :v '' '-"J" 1 " '•h i •: , i> . •• ••if.r. J..-U I i'-.^n Is! i- '11 a<w 1 1 ...Era.dawnffjabreakipg,/.,,,,,,..? b! (..•••• ,.She he^rdhplov.i %ai.»hfe >•'• Ju-w " ^e^two.opgkp^a^ngi.iv , g,,;,, Their wings to crow. " Oh, hush you, hush you, Both red and grey, Or you will hurry My love away. " Oh, hush your crowing, Both grey and red. Or he'll be going To join the dead; Oh, cease from calling His ghost to the mould, And I'll come crowning Your combs with gold." When all were dreaming But Pastheen Power, A light went streaming From our her bower; And on the morrow, When they awoke, They knew that sorrow Her heart had broke. A dainty specimen'^ Mr. Graves' tender little songs of sentiment is the following :— From the red rose to the apple blossom, From the apple blossom to the blue sky; Looking up still in the springtide, When none else is by. For a love born On a May morn Long, long ago, I sigh. From the blue sky to the apple blossom, And the roses in row; Looking down still in the springtide, Through my garden I go. For a love lost In a spring frost Singing, heigh ho 1 heigh ho 1 Alter all this I will only give you " The Blue, Blue Smoke," which I fancy an exile like you might take a liking to:— Oh, many and. many a time, In the dim old days, When the'chapel's distant chime Pealed the hour of evening praise, I've bowed my head in prayer; Then shouldered scythe or bill, And travelled free of care,. To my home across the hill; Whilst the blue, blue smoke Of my cottage in the coom, Softly wreathing, Sweetly breathing, Waved my thousand welcomes home. For oft I've stood, Delighted in the dew, Looking down across the wood, Where it stole into my view— Sweet spirit of the sod, Of our own Irish earth, Going gently up to God From the poor man's hearth. 0, the blue, blue smoke Of my cottage in the coom, Softly wreathing, Sweetly breathing, My thousand welcomes home. But I hurried swiftly on, When herself from the door, Came swimming like a swan Beside the Shannon shore; And after her in haste, On pretty, pattering feet, Our rosy cherubs raced Their daddy dear to meet; While the blue, blue smoke Of my cottage in the coom, Softly wreathing, Sweetly breathing, Waved my thousand welcomes home. But the times aire sorely changed Since those dim, old days; And far, far I've Tanged . From those dear old ways. And my colleen's golden hair To silver all has grown, And our little cherub pair Have cherubs of their own. And the blaok, black smoke, Like a heavy funeral plume, ' Darkly wreathing, Fearful breathing, Crowns the pity in its gloom. ; ' But 'tis our comfort sweet, '>: r - Through the long toil of life, , That we'll turn with tired feet From the noise and the strife, 1 And wander slowly back In the soft western glow, Hand in hand by the track . That we trod long ago;. Till the blue, blue smoke Of our cottege'in the coom, •">' ' •• Softly wreathing, Sweetly breathing, • . • Waves our thousand welcomes home. ' Anotbbb gallant soldier of the Iriah- American Brigade has passed away^r- Colonel M'Evilly, of tbe One Hundred and Fifty-fifth' New York "Volunteers.' 1 The regiment waB raised, by its commander's exertion*, and formed with the One Hundred and Sixty-fourth : and ' Q'ne Hundred and .Seventieth, : tbe-i famoni porooran Legion. Colonel jjt'EyUtyifasia native of Louiaburgh, Oounty Mayo. where he 'was borii in -1&29\. He'wAs ahijphew'bf the Arahbishop of Taam; >Befora and'after the nar ha fplloyod Buoc^sHfiiDyuthe: trade of bwilder.—Mm-, ;„ h. ,,; ' A GBEA.T deitaoDfifrauoti was held on 28th April W Glwgow - to" jpWrtfest £giilnkt' :: tlte extermination. ind - petaeodtioB ' of 'tbe starving .people of Gwe^pv Oret,4000 people ware present,'and, the overflow meeting, Mtnprising flbbttt lobo ^'ersonit, Was held «t'*n ifcfbiiiMgbhll. '-ff "i •="> •: EEAF,-tA Personvcured j jof,, Deafness, and noises hi a ?FEBE iuvan£ ©eqBpn who applies to itftOEOLgoir 175 William-street Helbonrne. 