THE VOTE TO MR. JOHN DAVIES. If the Honorable John Da vies is as bad as he was described in the Assembly, when the item of £1102 as n douceur for his services as Chairman . of the Casual Labor Board was under discus sion, we must concludc that he will re quire a- full suit of asbestos clothing in the great Never-never. Mr. Crick con sidered that ' there must be some power binding down the Premier to do the bidding of Mr. Davies.' This idea invests the career of these inseparables with an atmosphere of horrible romance that is perfectly delightful in this matter of-fact colony, where we have had only an apocryphal ghost to lift -us for a too brief moment into the regions of the supernatural. Mr. Diivies does seem to bear a charmed life, He is proof against all manner of attack. He seems occa sionally about to go under when in con flict with human authority, but bobs up serenely again, and exercises his old magnetic attraction. He smiles, and indicates that he would like to sit in the Upper House, and straightway he is placed among the venerables, not that the 'soporific chamber resembles Mar guerite's garden. Juries award him damages when his character is assailed, and magistrates (with a furtive hanker ing after a cool corner) acquit him when he is brought before them, the most eminent counsel subsequently refusing to advise any further prosecution. ' I am not a lawyer myself,' said Mephisto. to Faust, as he produced the draft bond, ' but I have plenty of them — over there.' And now the awful suggestion is made by the pious Crick: that the G.O.M. is playing Faust to M r. Davies's Mephistoplieles. Capital notion that for blood-curdling melo drama with calcium efl'ects — '' Mine here — and hereafter, .Ha ! ha' (Cue for the prompter to ring down the trap-door, -w reatlis of smoke, and yells of Orange- clad demons ascending from a Tophet specially designed by the ver satile Rignold.) Audacity — the term adopted by ' Mr.' Diobs — is the only one which fitly de scribes Sir Henry Parkes's' conduct in placing this large sum on the estimates for his old ally. It is proved beyond controversy that Mr. Davies with liis knowledge, authorised the illegitimate expenditure of an enormous sum of money upon private estates, an expendi sure which was a scandal and a disgrace to tlie colony. Then there was the irregularity committed by Mr. Davies in paving public cheques into his private account, an act which in humble life is called by an ugly name. The Premier stoutly maintains that his friend had no intention to defraud, but the same excuse is made by, or on behalf, of every man who embezzles, and he lays down the extraordinary doctrine that the State is bound in honour to pay Mr. Davies whatever he earned, or would, under ordinary circumstances, have been en titled to. Is this done in the. case of other men who commit similar— errors of judgment? Certainly not. Any salary which may he due is estreated, and the offender forfeits all claim to consideration. We might make a pre sent to- Mr. Davies of his garment of virtue so : far as the cheques are .con cerned. - The amount was as paltry relatively speaking, as the act itself, but about the ' conversion of public trusts to very private uses ' there is no question. The proof glares men in the face from the Hornsby and Sutherland Estates roads, and the man who was primarily responsible for the— misplaced benevo lence— hits no claim upon the country for having made such a — colossal mis take. If anything were wanting to show the corrupt environment of Sir Henry. Parkes, it will be found in the blatant and brazen declaration of Mr. Abigail, that the money spent by the Casual Labor Board was not wasted, that it had l.oen well spent and would prjve profitable to the State j and finally, that John Davies's claim was absolutely just. Such a prodigious in capacity for recognising fact ond ad mitting the truth, could be found in few other persons and perhaps in no other community. 