LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. -» :"' a. FRIDAY* NOVEMBER 28TH. The SPEAKER took the oháir a* 7 p.ut; Mr. SHENTON asked the Commissioner of Railways when the amended time table would be issued, by which the 10 a.m. train to Fremantle would be resumed. The Ho». J. Ai WRIGHT, in reply-, said that he hoped by the end of next week the arrangements would be arrived at. TRUSTEE INVESTMENT BlLLi The committee's report was adopted, and the third reading made au order of the day for the next sitting of the,House. FREMANTLE LOAN INDE UNITY/- BlLL. The committee's report waa adopted, and the third reading made an order of tho day for the next fitting of tho House. " ; READ A THIRD TIJAE. . ";'. Tho Life Assurance-Companies Bili was read a third time,.and passed. : ;, ' ^ MESSAGB FROM 'THÉ GOVERNOR. ? Tjhe .SPEAKER announoed the receipt of a message ff om. His, Excellencythe Governor, .açspntimjto,,various Bills passed, during the Session. ', .;. LAW AND PARLIAMENTARY LIBRARY BILL. ' The Bill was considered in committee, and agreed to with amendments. - The Bill was reported to the House,' and the censider ation of the report mode an Order of thé day for Monday, December 1st. ' ; j "SapiçEjifE. COURT' ACT-AMENDMENT $rWp. /¿The ¡Bill wac considered in Committee, and agreed <to without amendment. I Thehreport \- was - adopted, »nd the third reading- made stu order of the;day for Monday next. ?'' WATER WORKS'BILL. , This Bill was recommitted, and on the motion .of Mr. RANDELL, was . amended by a provision stating that it should not bp law. fal fop any oouaoil other than that of the city pf Perth to contract for water works, until the proposal had been submitted to and approved by the ratepayers in the manner and form required) as by tho Mpnicipal In- stitutions Act, 1876, Part VIII., to bo ob, served in tho raising of a loan. , A further amendment was proposed ?. by Mr. RANDELL, haying for its object the relief of the em- ployers , from -liability to penalties... On a division, the amendment was negatived by 13 to 5., After further amendment, ibhe third readiug was made an order pf ,the 4*7 for Monday next,. : ,- -.j , ' WRBCE; AjCT,11887¡ AMENDMENT Situ. » jdhé, Hoji. fr N. WARTON in 'maying the second reading of the BUI, explained that its object was 'to provide for inquiries into casualties {other than collision with! a British ship) happening, to; a foreign ship belonging M aj.Statórepreáen.te^ in |h.is colony. "" "''' , . The,-3Bity was jçeâd' à. second $me,' tod'its consideratioij in committee made an. order of POSTAGE (STAMP - ACTS AMENDMENT BILL; The Bill was read a second time, and its consideration in committee made an order of tho day for Monday next. FEDERAD COUNCIL REFERRING BILL. The Hon. <3\. N. WARTON, in moving the . second reading, explained that this Bill was brought in to assist the Colony of Tasmania in referring certain matters to the'Federal Council. The motion was agreed to, and its con- sideration in committee made an order of the day for Monday next. PERTH TRAMWATS BILL. ' The Hon. J. A. WRIGHT moved the second reading of the Bill. Mr. Ai FORREST said he had expected that before this Bill was introduced they would have beard something more about the promoters and their ability to carry out their schemes. He considered that in this Bill some provision should be made for a deposit, for it did the colony a good deal of barm to have these concessions hawked about, and he hoped that in future Bills of .the kind, there would be some proteotion given to the colony. Mr. PARKER, having ascertained from the Hon. J. A. Wright that Mr. Lehmann, the prompter, hod a monopoly of the tram- way'said he should move that the Bill be read that day six months. So far as he could, learn Mr. Lehmann had not the ghost of a chance of raising this money in tho other colonies, where he had : boen, hawking these tramways about. If this were allowed they would find these tramways like the Midland Railway, tied up. He moved thé adjourn, ment of the debate. ' Mt. MARMION supported the motion for adjournment, and said he was strongly opposed to these things being hawked about the other colonies, whioh. was calculated to ? do the colony a . good deal ?. of harm. They were too hasty in allowing persons of whom they knew nothing to undertake things of this kind, whioh should be done by people pf the colony. Dr. SCOTT, said tho matter had been brought before the City Council not by Mr. Lehmann, but by a prominent gentleman of this town, and they wore informed that there was no doubt of tho scheme being carried out. Mr. RANDELL supported the motion for an adjournment. Tho debate was adjourned. RETURN OP NATIVES AND NATIVE WIT NESSES TO THEIR DISTRICTS. , Mr. BURT moved "Thatan humble address bè presented tö His Exoollency thé Governor, proyihg; that Instruction»' may be issued by the Government td all raágisfcrafces, and to the Police, that, in ail oases where práotic able, arrangements should be made for the safe conduct back td. their durn country; of disehargéd native offenders and of native witnesses ; and that tho engagement for ser- vice of siioh tiff enders or witnesses beyond the limits of their own country, should not be encouraged by the Government:" The hon; member referred to a case which had occurred at the Upper Ashburton where 28 offenders were arrested and witnesses) amongst them 15 women, brought in. Hie gave the police credit for doing their duty, but said there Was no doubt the arrest was made in a warm time of the year (Christmas), and tho report of tbe police shewed it was difficult for the natives to travel to Roebourne. The House would understand that when the caso had been tried, it would be still more difficult for the witnesses to return on account of the heat, and of their travelling through a hostile country without polios protec- tion. The hon. member then proceeded to refer to the placing of several of the women in service in Roebourne, their deser- tion/and the subsequent deaths of four of thom, and the ether circumstances of tho case, and which baye already appeared in the correspondence columns of thoWest Australian Had the magistrate allowed these natives to go back with Mr. Bresnahan, who bad been willing to take them, they would have arrived safely. He thought the resolution he moved was one the Government would assent to, and condemned the action which was taken with reBpeot to those natives as being the reverse of what might be expected. He pointed out how particular the Government were to sift out all oaseB against the settlers who we're 'suspected of ill-treatment of natives, and thought the Government ought to look with equal carefulness inte any im- " prudent action of their over-zealous officers, which was attended witb snob lamentable results as the oase under notice. Mr. A. FORREST seconded the motion,, and condemned the practice which it sought to improve. He considered the case which ! had been mentioned was one of the worst that could ? happen, and thought that instead of settlers being brought down and tried for I various crimes towards natives someone was greatly to blame for the bringing in of these seventeen natives to Roebourne. While giving the polios credit for the way in which they performed their duties, he expressed his astonishment at 17 witnesses being re- quired to prove the charges against 28 natives, and said it had cost the colony J6300. With regard to the late magistrate at Roe- bourne, he believed fae had erred in good ?faith. > . .?? . ? .-<??' The Hon. Sir M. FRASER explained the action of the Aborigines Protection'Board, with reference to the discharged native offenders, to native witnesses, -and natives generally. Jn every case, they made it their duty to see'the offenders properly conveyed to their districts. With regard to the.: wit nésseB; the police were instructed- to treat them with the 'utmost consideration, «nd the Hoard altogether discouraged the engagement of natives ont of their districts, He looked with favour upon this address, as it would encourage the'Government and the Board in their present line of policy. The motion was agreed to. -f . TECHNICAL EDUCATION. T '' Mr. RANDELL moved " That an humble address be presented to His Excellency, the Governor, asking him to be pleased to appoint I a Commission for the purpose of considering and .reporting as po the desirability and practicability of introducing technical edn- i cation into the more important Government Boys' Schools and the High School, Perth. Also, -whether assistance in this direction could with advantage to the general interests of the colony be extended to other boys' schools from public funds." The hon. mem- ber, in the coarse of his remarks, urged the great necessity, as it appeared to bim, of .giving the young in this colony, early pre- paratory training in various branches of manual education, and read extracts from a lecture describing, the physioal,. psychological and other advantages to be derived by the soholars f rem such a course. The motion which was supported by the Hen. Sir M. Fraser, Mr. Burt, Mr. Parker, Mr. Congden, and the Hon. J. A.Wright, was agreed to. APPROPRIATION BILL. The Hon. Sir M. FRASER moved the first reading, of a Bill to appropriate the sum of three hundred and fifteen; thousand two hundred and seventy-seven ^pounds thirteen shillings out of the, general revenue of the colony, for such, services as shall come in course of payment ..during the year one thousand eight hundred and ninety. The Bill was read a first time, and the second reading made an orflerof tho day for Monday next. IMPROVEMENT OF THE RECBEATION GBOUND. Thé Hon. Sir M. FRASER moved : « That the resolution of the committee on the loan estimates, 1890, adopted by the House on the 12th November, be rescinded, and the loan estimates be recommitted, for the purpose of amending the item, ' Grant to Municipal Counoil of Perth, to purchase engine for pumping water from River Swan, £500,' by omission of tho words ' to purchase engine for pumping water from River Swan,' and by the insertion of the words ' to farther extend and improve the New Recreation Ground.' " Dr. SCOTT supported tho motion, which had for its object, he said, a work which would not only improve the Recreation Ground, but would also improve the health of the city., . Mr. SHENTON supported the motion, and pointed out that tho ratepayers had agrood to tai themselves for a wátefc supply; and tbonght that in such a oaso as that, tho money originally voted for the engine might well revert to the City GounoU, for the improvement of the Recreation Ground. Mr; PATERSON thought the amount ought rather to be added to the vote for Roads: ' : The motion was also supported by "Mr. Marmion, Mr; A. Forrest, Mr. Randell, Mr. Gongdonj and Mr. Keane, and was agreed to. The item was then considered in committee and agreed to. The amendment was reported and the report adopted. DEFENCE OF KING GEORGE'S SOUND. The Hon. Sir M. FRASER moved, " That this Council approves, as regards this colony, of the payment for Albany de- fences' stated in tho correspondence His Ex 'cèllèricy's Message Ño, Í, dated 8th Novem- ber, 1889." The bom. gentleman said that bon, members would soe by His Excellency's Message, that the Secretary of State very clearly sot out what was the species of fortifications discussed by the Colonial Con- ference, and what wore the present views of Her Majesty's Government on the mattet. He read extracts from Lord Knntsford's despatch describing the means proposed to be taken for the defence of Albany, towards the cost of which tho Government were prepared to contribute ¿826,400, and if this colony contributed ¿65000, tho ether colonies would contribute as follows: New South Wales, .£2780; Victoria, -62795 ; Queens land, ¿6993 ; South Australia, £802 ; Tas- mania, £374 ; New Zealand, ¡É1556. 'lite cost of upkeep was set down at £3518, of which this colony would contribute one fourth, £878, New South Wales £788; Vic- toria £792, Queensland £281, South Austra- lia £227, Tasmania £106, and New Zealand £441, Hon. members would . understand that the motton meant that this colony should contribute £5,000 towards the construction of the defences, and £876 annually towards the upkeep of the fort, these being the terms which were assented to at the Colonial Conference. The House was not asked this session for any supplies, but merely to affirm the question. ' Mr. SHENTON moved the adjournment Of the debate till Monday evening, which was agreed tb.' .' >: ; COMMITTEE OF ADVICE, . ; < Upon the motion of the Hon. iSir M. FRASER,'tbe House proceeded to the elec- tion of four unofficial members to eervexm the Committee of Advice under the Audit Act, with the result that Mr.' Loton, ;Mr. Morrison, Mr. Shenton, and Mr. Sholl were elected. ; . PROTECTION OF KANGAROOS. ?' Mr. VENN moved "That in tho ophion of this House, it ie desirable the- Government should, at an early date, bring into. the Legislativ« Council a Bill for the better pro* teotion ef Kangaroos, by declaring,^ close session.. He was strongly advised that if tho present indiscriminate destruction of Kan* garoos went on much longer there would be none left to kill, and this he deprecated, the skins of these animals forming sucha, valuable article of export. . Mr. SHENTON supported the motion. Mr. SHOLL thought tho Bill would have to be limited to tbe soutiras the Kangaroos in the north were becoming a pest, and were useless as an article of export. Mr. DEÎIAMEL supported tho motion, , Sir THOMAS CAMPBELL failed to. see the object in preserving an animal which;was generally regarded by cattle dealers and sheep dealers as a great pest, and should vote against the motion. s. Mr. PATERSON supported tho motion, but thought on account of the difficulty of ascertaining what was the close session^it would be botter to prohibit the killing, of kangaroos for a certain period. Upon the motion of Mr. MARMION, the resolution was amended so as to read that the Government should consider the desir- ability of introducing a Bill, and also by striking .out all the words after " Kangaroo." The motion, as amended, and an address.to the Governor informing His Excellency ef the resolution, were agreed to. ADJOURNMENT. The Council adjourned from 10.20 p.m. till 7 p.m. on Monday, December 2Hd. 