ITEMS. Ice. Slag. Rink. Bands. Frosts. \- Copper. Heavy fogs. Hat carnival. Musical Buna. Local clamour Hree education. Time payments. Opposition bands. Sea-shells for flux. ?' Jenkins's ghost.' Tin £?J& ios. a ton. Che^s extraordinary. Great floods in India, If im missed that rook. Heavy floods in N.S.W. . - The sugar market is flat. Prize fighting near Burnt. Not Sullivan and Kilrain. A new composing machine. Councillor f ack scored one. ? ' Have you seen my horse,' Was that band short winded? Rough oh Mr. W. T. Carter. That was an elaborate report. ' Plenty of rain in Queensland. Who is to wear the largest hat, ? Seer and good music won't mix. ?-..? Jack the Ripper gives himself up. Only a fair attendance at the rink. The Copperlinka gold rush a fudge% . Who won that fight on Sunday last? Registered dogs must wear the discs. That was a good hoax in Melbourne. That State bank commission a failure. A large find of ochre at Mount Rhine. \- The verse was rather rough on Jenkin ! Corporation finances in a £ood position. The Thunderer caught on the fib again. \- IBtftglaries almost every night in Sydney. A 750Z. nugget of gold found at Ballarat. Mr. Hopkins. M P., turned detective surely. A sterling man gone in the Rev. J. A. Bogle. The Port Pirie Standatd big on sea-shells. Sir H. Loch is on a visit to the Isle of Man. I beat you ; you pay for the fruit. Oh, Jock! I should not have fallen if those wheels were round. There are said to be 6,356 natives still in the colony. Fancy ! Yongala wants a railway to the Barrier. . The 'Joker' mining property to be offered for sale. The crops all through the district are looking splendid. Who built a kitchen and forgot to build in a £replace? A Victorian mine manager beheaded by dynamite. ' And the chairman proceeded to read the requisition.' The Treasor «'s photo appears in the Ade laide press. ' All tho^e wfc0 won't pay their calls will be kicked ou4li» Birthv registered in South Australia last 7*25'. 10,510. j:'hose irrigation blocks at Baldina caused no » ash after all. Are all the country footballers afraid of the Bom players ? Where was the reformation drummer on Saturday night? Payment of Members Bill likely to be carried in N.S.W. A Melbourne sharebroker has been rsbbed in his own garden. A school of design has been successfully \- opened at Gawler. = A widow named Whittig aged 70 years dies \- suddenly at Freeling. That- last tune on Saturday night savored very Inuch of lager. . Fashion makes fools of some, cowards of vnany, and apes of all. Who is responsible for gravelling the foot ' paths with road metal. A board has been appointed to decide as to the proper test for axles. ; A. country members party has been formed in the House of Assembly. ?- A female Nihilist ordered off to assassinate die Czar committed suicide. Medical authorities have pronounced the V Yan Yean (Vic) water pure. Dr. Cockburn resigned his position aschair : nun of the School of Mines. ^- A man' attempts to^ murder a Chinaman in \- Victoria with a meat chopper. Mothers are selling their children in China on acccount of the severe famine. The Barrier trade question causing much excitement throughout the colony. Mr. Rowland Rees, M.P., wants the Honse of Assembly lighted by electricity. , ? Who was that young man who lost himself in a belltopper on Saturday night? The Belalie District Council wants an extra i^gftuA'of j£z;ooo for main road purposes. ?_=; - '.The firm of Elder, Smith and Co have declared another dividend of 8 per cent. ? . Methodists are organising a mission to at tend the large racing meetings in Eogland. ' . Over 300 revolvers were sold in Sydney T'in one week on account of the burglars' * boom. r I say, ' Is that a German band ? ' Oh * no, that is the reformed Burra Band !' ' Oh, v I seel' A man named O'Brien, aged 60 years, was burned to a cinder in a but near Mansfield, Victoria. The Western Australian Constitution Bill has passed all its stages in the English House ~ of Lords. The Bird-in- Hand gold mine secured lor oz. of amalgam from 60 tons of stone in five and half days. Messrs. Shirelaw & Co. have promised £20 towards a fund for providing a banner for Broken BOIL f ' John Morrison who was fonnd guilty a shooting the policeman Sutherland, in Sydney* has been condemned to death. Articles have been signed for the sculling '. championship between Searle and O'Connor ; the race is to come off on September 9. 