The Storyteller. J Tom Mi (idle ton's Wife. One grey Deoembar day Kate Middle ton stood at the window Raziog out upon the landscape. It had deen a dull, 'tire- some week. Several days before, ber buaband bad started oft on a longpro mieed holiday, wliiob was to be dedi outed to a hunt iu tbe mountaiDB, io company with a purty of friends, She was thinking, witb envy, of tbe merry buDtlng party, and wondering half outeriy way amusements iubi were coo ceded to be proper nud healthful for men 1 should not be healthful and proper for women. She felt a wicked solace as sbe thought of the showers tbat had fallen in the valley, aud the clouds tbat bung continual ly over 'the mountains. She was lonely, dull, uod cross, and chafed against her bedgfd-ln life, with its narrow boundaries, itssenseless restraints. There waB a rush of feet through tbe house, tbe door of ber room opened, and tbe two children burst in. ' Mamma, tbe creek is up ! Take us down to see it !' The childish longing for novelty and excitement found an instant echo in ber heart. Tbey bad run in from out-door play, and were therefore ready dressed for walking. As for ber, it was refreshing to evade Bridget's vigilant eyes, and lo steal out of the front door in tier loose bouse-dre»s, bareheaded, and witb only her slippers on ber feet. Tbey followed a garden patb for a liLtle distance, and then entered a narrow lane leading to a place where they were accustomed to ford tbe stream in tbe summer time, but over which now sweptaBeetbing, tempestuoua flood. As they looked and listened Kate rea lized that this was no ordinary fresbet, but tbe product of a heavy rainfall over the whole vast watershed, wbicb had accumulated its forces in thousands of tiny rivulets, joining issue with tbe mountain etream, and plunged down its narrow channel, a mighty and irresistible power. Even as tbey looked sbe saw a wall of water suddenly rear up above and come down toward tbem like a miniature tidal wave. Tbe dam, built by tbe new water com pany, bad given way ! Tbey ran back from tbe shore to higher ground, and not a moment too soon. Tbe stream rose several feet in a second. It cut into tbe solid bankB on either side ; bushes and young treed, rooted up and sucked in by tbe greedy current, went spinning by. A giant sycamore wavered, flung out its bare feud skeleton limbs as if io.gbostly protest, and fell far out into the stream, interlocking its branches witb a sturdy evergreen oak, wbicb stood on the opposite bunk, wbile its trunk, loosely anchored hy long, snake-like roots, tossed helplessly in mid-stream. ' Mamma, see tbe (-ig boards cumiug,' cried out ber lit ie duugbter. Kate looked far upstream and saw a great piece of timber sailing towards them. Behind it was anotber, and yet another tbe stream wa§ black witb tbem. ' Ah ! tbe railroad bridge.' Tbe railroad bridge. And tbe after noon train now nearly due, soon to rush down tbe steep grade— to leap into tbat yawning cbasm. Her first impulse was to start up tbe canon, but she inBtantly checked her self. Wbat folly, wben miles of over flow lay between ber and tbe doomed train ! Word must be sent dowi. to tbe station, and from tbere a telegram to the nest stopping- place above tbe bridge. But bow ? Tbe gardener, Jim, bad gone an bour before to tbe village to get the letters, and have bis daily gossip with tbe loungers of tbe place, liven if be were there, neither borse nor man was fleet enough to cover tbe circuitous road tbat lay between. Then she looked at tbe prostrate sycamore ; down the stream leisurely, but nearer and nearer still sailed tbe great logs. ' Marion, go straight to tbe house and stay tbere till mamma comes back.' She had already pulled herself up by one of the roots, aud was creeping steal thily along tbe swaying trunk. Here her dress caught on a branch ; there sbe had to climb down and crawl along with ber feet under tbe water, to avoid an upright limb. Once sbe slipped and loat ber bold, and was nearly sucked into tbe eddyiug current, butsbe caught at a stout projec tion and swuug herself up again, tibe could bear the swash of heavy timbers up-stream as tbey rocked lazily upon the water, but she did not dare to look. Be fore her the main trunk of tbe tree was loBt, and she saw two diverging limbs, one low in tbe water, the other locked witb the oak in mid-air. Wbicb to take? Sbe dared not hesitate ; sbe commenced a perilous climb along tbe upper limb slippery aud naked in places, wavering so tbat sbe grew dizzy and shut her eyes to keep from falling. And so lying prone upon it, band over band, she crept tbe entire length ; a great mass of timber Btruck heavily across the /ailing sycamore, and Just as Kate swuug hb'rself into tbe branches of tbe oak sbe felt her support give way. With a groan and c'raBb and wild up-tossing of its skeleton Arms, tbe old tree tore loose from its moorings and was swept down-stream towards the Jbay. Her bands torn and bleeding, Kate Middleton reached solid ground at length, and first ber maternal instinct asserted itself, for she looked back and saw her children standing still and looking after ber. She pointed home ward witb a gesture that tbey dared not disobey, saw tbem turn and run up the lane, then sped along her way. Sbe was not light of foot, as in girl hood ; whereas she was ouce fleet as a deer, and swift motion was a very joy to her, she now realized tbat sbe was grow ing a middle-aged woman. She moved heavily and clumsily, sbe laboured for breath, and her feet were like clods be neath ber. There was a mile nf rough, rocky ground to be covered before she reached tbe station and the train — oh, but to possess once more tbe agility of ber girlhood! . ,, Wbloh would be first? Would tbe train, flying across the upper levels of tbe Coast Range, reach the next station before the brave woman bad sent ber message of warning? How many times ( she asked herself that question sbe could not bave told. Her heart seemed ready to burBt with grief for tbe terrible mlBery threatening so many happy homes. Alas for fathers and mothers whom the morrow might behold bowed down with sorrow ! Alas for bushands and wives I Sbe was crossing tbe bed of one of the many abandoned channels of the im petous mountain stream, a rocky path way strewn with spoilsof bygonefreehets, where even then water was rip pling past, token of tbe torrent's surplus force. She faltered, smitten by a new and awful thought. What if Tom— Tom her husband, who was'not to come Jiome for two days more, Tom wbo toad started out in an altogether different dlree^on— should bave cut short his occuinifw, or, with bis pBrty, driven iifHUn by the con tinued rains, somehow wandered lo one of the upper stations, aud entered the train tbere? Where was her vaunted ptiyafajftl strength now ? What was sbe after ail but a weak, wretched woman, with trembling limits, every muscle clogged! by tbis great horror tbat uad taken pos session of ber, a fierce pain gripplDg at iier heart, something rising in ber tbroat , wbicb suffocated ber, her eyes blinded : with babyish tears? Tbank heaven 1 ber brain kept clear and true to its pur pose, urging on tbe flagging body. On, on, over little hillocks, acrosB level stretcbeB of sand, down new ravines, sbe ran. Once sbe cut her foot cruelly upon a sharp stone, and rememhered, for tbe first time, that she had on ber slippers. Witb all tbe rest of ber senses dulled, ber hearing appeared to bave beoome preternaturally Bharp. She seemed to discern tbe*clattsr of the approaching train twelve miles away. The throb, throb, throb of tbe engine kept pace with her beating heart. Sbe even seemed to se« tbe engineer bb be laid bis bund on tbe eBCape-valve, ready to give the Iron monster voioe ue it neared the little mountain town ; then the wild shriek cf tbe escapfug steam, the clan gour of the bell, tbe puff, pull, ob tbe train slackened Bpeed, the clatter of the brakes, the jaugle of the couplings. Would she never reach the little red Btatlon-hoUBe, now plainly in sigbt at the end of the smooth gravelled road? Sbe was passing tbe poBt-office. where people idly gazed at her. Wbat matter ! If only there were a horse and trap in sigbt to help her on her way ! On tbe station platform more louugers, Jim among tbein, rolling a quid of tobacco in bis cheek, and talking about tbe state of tbe weather and the pros pects of tbe growing crops. Tbey all looked upou ber as a mad woman as sbe ran past tbem. The station-master waB in bis offiie talking with a geutlemKU wbo had come down from tbe mountains, and was wait ing to take tbe train for tbe city. 'It has rained all tbe week,' be was saying. ' You think it rains bere in the valley, but, great gunB, you should be up In tbe mountains in a rain storm. Sheets i nn/t climb nf -1 klimnls nf ulaaf nnH 1 hail, and tbe wind blowing like a hurri cane. We broke camp yesterday. I took a straight line down bere. Tbe rest crossed tbe bills to tbe station above. They'll be dowu by the four o'clock train.' Voice and speaker were familiar to tbe woman wbo stood in tbe doorway, both bandB pressed to ber panting breast. Tbe words came ouly too distinctly to her quickened senBes. Then her premonitions were true, and Tom— Tom was in the fated train. Again ber body reeled, hut ber steady brain saved ber. ' Stop the train ! Tbe bridge is gone !' sbe cried. Both men looked up, startled at tbe words. With the prompt movement of a man trained to ohey orders, tbe station- i master leaped to bis instrument : the other man, slower to comprebeud, came forward : tbe look of amazement on bis ! face, as be viewed tbe singular apparition in the doorway, giving place to amused I indulgence as be recognised tbe speaker. I Wbat an eccentric, imoetuous girl Kate Mitchell always was, and wbat a life sbe must lead Tom Middleton, thought be. ' Tbis is quite an unexpected pleasure, Mrs. Middleton.' hesaid smilimr. I She waved bim back witb a single gesture. Tbere was a brief silence. Tbe operator listened intently, wltb bis head restiug on bis bands, Kate Middleton remained standing in the doorway, ber bands clasped, ber face blanched witb dread, and all ber bouI absorhed in listening. Jack Spencer, slowly comprehending tbe meaning of theecene, waited, bis interest growing at every moment's delay. At laet it came— tbe monotonous click, click, conveyiugits portentous message in a language unknown to two of tbe three listeners. Tbe operator arose from bis chair. ' Just in time. Tbe train was starting out of tbn station, but tbey stopped ber.' Kate Middletou clutched at the door, way. For tbe first time In ber life ber bead gave way. Sbe waa again on tbe swaying sycamore, and tbe limb waB cracking, breakiug, going down. Sbe felt the water on her face, Bnd opened her eyeB, to find herself seBted in a cbair, Jack Spfinoer supporting ber bead, and tbe station-master pouring ice-cold water over her. 'She'll be right in a minute,' said Jack, cheerfully. ' Now, Mrs. Middle ton, with your permission I'll see you home.' She borrowed a hat and cloak from tiie station-master's wife. Jim brought up the borses. Jack Spencer banded ber into tbe carriage with grave courtesy, and tbey drove home. Sbe had little to say on the drive homeward, although JackSpeucer waB attentive and talkative, aud tried as bard ae a man could to show bis appreciation of ber brave deed. Sbe did not even invite bim to come in wben ihe reached ber own door. Neither honour nor praise awaited Kate ip ber own home. Bridget scolded ber and put ber to bed, and declared tbat sbe ' wud surely catch her death a cold, and sbe desarved it well.' Sbe had her reward, however. Late tbat nigbt, when tbe children were asleep and Bridget had relaxed guard, Kate escaped from bed, and, donning a sbawl, laid herself down upon tbe lounge before tbe lire lo enjoy scanning the daily paper. Sbe started up as sbe heard a step outside tbe door ; anotber moment and Tom was before ber, look ing very solemn, like a newlymaterial ized ghost. 'Tom!' sbe cried sharply, and then she seemed to cower before bim, yet not before bim, but tbe horror of the after noon. Tom, ber busband, might have been one of tbat grisly throng of mangled, crushed, dead, and dying phantoms of tbe vision still torturing ber brain. ' Ob 1 you ougbt not ; you Bbouid never do such a thing,' sbe said. After all Bbe bad nerves, and tbey bad been sorely tried tbat day. 'What do you mean?' gravely de manded Tom. This was, indeed, a pecu liar greeting. ' Kate,' said be, sealing himself on tbe sofa, and drawing ber down beside bim, ' you will speak differently wben you know bow near I was to not coming home at all; I bave travelled twelve miles on horseback over a rough moun tain road to get tere to-nigbt. We were juBt starting out of Prescita wben we were notified tbat tbe bridge three miles below tbere— six miles above here, Kate —bad beep carried away. ' How did you find out?' Kate was bereelf again. Tbere waB a little twinkle iu ber eye, but ber lip trembled. ' As to tbat,' replied Tom, ' reports are somewhat vague. But aii accounts agree it was a woman. And she did won derful tbinge. Tbe bridge keeper's wife, I believe, Floated down stream on a tree, somebody said, started, all dripping, for tbe station, and got tbere In a yery short time. Not a minute to spare. ffitbadn'£ been for her I— oh, ft was a marvellous feat, everybody sayaso ' ' But bow very— unwomanlike I' said Kate, In a shocked voice stooping to pick up something from tba floor. ' Unwomanlike !' cried Tom. ' I tell you, Kate, that waB something worth wbile. Very different from your lawn tennis practice. Wben a woman puts ber strength to such a use !— and such a strain us ft Gatfst bave been, by Jove! Why, Kate, I doubt if you could so much as walk to town au4 back. But wben a woman saves two or fcbvgp hundred lives ptone stroke !— Mygoodness, Hate J what MtiPe you l-pen doing to your foot ?' For Mrs. Middleton had unconsciously pushed the woupded foot into sight, knd tbe load of bandages, piled upon It, was enough tu et/Jke t etjor to the beholder. ' I— I took a little walk to-day. But don't let ub talk about tbat, Tom. I'm sorry I seemed queer and cold wben you came in. I wasn't feeling well, and you looked sostrangely. It made me shiver.' It was useless to try to put Tom off in tbis way. He was already on bis knees beside ber, cutting threads and undoing clotliB, In spite of ber protests, until be disclosed a little foot, purple witb bruises, and with an ugly gaping cut on one side. ' No wonder you are not yourself to night. A little walk 1 I should say no. Kate, what bave you been up to now ?' ' I had on my Slippers,' confessed tbe culprit, 'and there wasn't time to change tbem. Let It alone, Tom ; it'll be ail right to- morrow.' ' A little walk !' persisted Tom. 'My gracious, Kate, you are not to be trusted alone any more than a two-year-old babe ; I'll never dare go and leave you again,' ' If I hadn't taken my little walk, you — you—you mightn't bave bad tbe cliauce !' cried poor Kate, cornered at lust. ' My soul !' cried Tom, a light dawn ing upon him ; ' it waB you !' I think be kissed tbe little foot. I am afraid be did a greBt many fooliBb things, and bumbled himself most lamentably to show his love forbiB brave young wife, bis pride in ber, and bis contrition. There was a purse made, up by the passengers in tbe train tbat fatal day, to reward tbe plucky woman wbo had saved tbem fromsucb a frightful disaster, but tbey were never able to find her. Tbe station-master end Jack Spencer kept their secret well. The only sub scription tbat ever reached its destination was Tom Middleton's. His wife some times wears a very pretty bracelet. When people question ber about it she replies that it is a prize Tom, once a warded ber for a race she won. 