The Governor's Visit. Queen's weather, not to mention Governor's smile upon the first visit of his Excellency Sir Henry Norman to Toowoomba. The town was gaily dressed with flags and banners, very few houses in the principal streets but managed to sport their bit of bunting, Hennessy's Hotel was almost smothered, a strong tint of green running through all, as became the abode -of' Mr. John Dillon. The Q. N. Bank and Mr. Goodrick'a was con nected by a string iif flags aa was Mr. Black burn's and Mr. Konealy's . and Mr. Joseph Stirling's and Uio Lako Hotel. Tho speciil feature of adornment consisted of the imimmse ond grandly. .cqmtrueted arch, 40 feet high, witu urcli B.uin of 28ft. flunked by t»Wers each adorned with four flags, just inaido thu mil way catos., 'his chef d'diivre was erected uncler'tlio superintendence of Mr. Alderman Garget who patriotically . devoted most of the preceding night to' it. In good time before the arrival of his Excellency's train (timed for 12.5) everything was in readiness for his roception — the military ranged at the back of the station, and the school children on the tank further back, while the reception com mittee and others who had received tickets had possession of the platform. Carpeting was laid from the platform to the back where the Hon. James Taylor's carriage waa in waiting to receive the Governor. . Punctually to time — if not a few minutes ehrlior — the train drew up ; tho Mayor, Mr. Edward Boland, opened the door of the vice regal carriage, his Excellency and Lady Norman accompanied by his Excellency's private secre tary, Major Owens, stepped ont; the crowd cheered, and his Worship bade the distin guished viaitors cordially welcome to Too weomba. They would have an opportunity (he said) of that day being convinced of two things — thn loyalty of the people of Toowooniba and the veaourcos of tho Dirling Downs. He was aware Sir Henry and Lady Norman only came for a few hours, but they all hoped the time would soon come when tho people of Toawoorabi would have th« Governor and his family all to themselves for a day or two at a time. Miss N. ' Groom here presented Lilly Norman with a splendid bouquet of violeli for which her ladyship thanked the little donor in a manner as sweet as the flowers. Little Jlias Boland came armed with a similar bouquet for Miss Norman, but unfortunately that lutly wns unable to be present. Sir Henry, in re turning thanks for their reception, apologised for the limited stay it was possible ; for them to make at the time. Besides Beeing the show, they had to look at a house that day, but it was possible they should yet come to reside among the people of Toowoomba. The alder men and other olliccrs present were then in troduced to his Excellency by the Mayor, as was Sir Patrick Jennings by Mr. Groom. Sir Thomas M'llwraith, Hon. H. M. Nelson, Minister for Riilways, Hoc. H. A. Wilson, M.L.C., aii.l Messrs. Campbell, Duusmure, Groom, Hyne, and Mellor, MM.L.A., came in the Governor's traiu, an I the party now moved to the back of tho railway station where the following address was read by the Acting-Town Olerk, Mr. Wilshire :— To His -Kxcellcney, General Sir Henry Wylie Norman, Knight Grand Cross of the Moat- Honorable Order of the Bath, Knight Grand Cross of the most dis tinguished1 Order of S*. Michael and St. George, Companion of the most eminent Order' of the Indian Empire, Governor and Corainander-in-Cliief of the colony of Queensland and its dependencies. May it please your Excellency, — We, the Mayor and Aldermen of Toowoomba, desire iu the name and on behalf of our fellow citizens to oTt'er yon a cordial welcome on your arrival o:i tho Darling Downs as the representative of our Most Gracious Sovereign in the government of this colony. We also cordially welcome Lady Norman and Mi-s Norman, and trust that they, with youraelf, may under Divine Providence enjoy the blessing of health during your sojourn iu Queensland. Your Excellency's distinguished career as an administrator in military and civil go vernment is a guarantee that the duties of your high u:id reap uiiiblu position will be efficiently discharged in Queensland. We lire especially plead that now you will he able tosed our diitrijt '.nIium it lia-i in some measure recovered Ir in the effocis of a dis astrous draught, Tli.! recuperative chaiuolcr of the di.trict wll bo evidenced iu tlie Exhibition you h ivi: n- kindly consented toopeu, and whilst the exhibit! all'unl abundant proof of our vait resuurras, — evidences will not bo wanting to show lliu hcilthful and invigorating climate which \vu enjuj — a climate we con: fidently believe to be unsurpassed iu Austra lia. ' ' ' ' We siueerly trust that tho period of your Excellency's administration may be marked by prosperity anil progress, and that we may on many future occasions have the pleasure of receiviugiyou at other exhibitions held in th'S district which' will afford you still stronger evidences .' of the material wealth of this im portant community. Edmpnd Bo∧, Mayor. Toowooinbay 14th August, 1889. His Excellency then read the following roply :—'. ' To Hia Worship the Mayor ami Aldermen of Toowoomba,— 1 receive with pleasure the addres3 which you luve now preaenti.sl to me on behalf.'!: your fellow citizens in which you cordiallj '.velcomi mo to the Darling Downs as.. the representative of our most gracious Sbyereignia (liii colony, and I thank you for your welcome to Lady Norman and Miss Nor. man [who, uufortuuately, is unable io be present] aud for your expression of Wild wishes towards all oE us. ~ lam obliged to you for your allusion to iny past career, and for your belief that I shall efficiently discharge the duties of my present office. ?...,..' 1 'I am happy in cjining here for the lirst time whori' your district is no longer afflicted with dr.iii,: ??-. and when [ am able to see it in a in -ri) i'li'vourt -le condition than it was a f e v mouths ago - I have long wished t- visit this dis rut which is s i famed for its climate and I' U'ipB to seu tiUty ample evidence oE its productiveness 1 I trust that this visit, which is necessarily very short, will he the fororuuuer of other visits'arid that on each occasion of my coining here I' s'in'11 perceive evidence of iucreasing prosperity. - , .... -,,.. ? . H. W. Nonius. ? '14 Au'giHt; 18S9. . , Uis Excellency then made a brief inspection of the Q.D.F. uud, Scottish coinpuuica, ufter which tho vice-regal pair took their seats in tbe carriage, whore Major Owens and Mr. Mayor Bolaud were ulso accouiuioJatcd,.au I the pro cession began to move, the school strikiug up tbe.National Anthom. Throo livo aborigiuals appeared upon the crown of .the triumphal arch, the ghost of thu ol.J genius of the land welcoming the representative of tho new. Tho following win the oulijr c'f tho proces sion :— The mounted constabulary ; vebieloi containing , the Reception Committee;* the Governor's party,- A -Company Q:'D.F;;'\k' Company Queensland Scottish, bjth compuniuj under couioiuud of Captain Keu'wick ; the Firo Brigado ; carriages containiug the Parliamen tary party ; carriages containing members of tbe.Dalby Corporation ; the Gerintm Gloe Club ; the Hibernian Society; tho LinU of Friendship jrf.U.I.O.O.F.; the Queeu of tho South G.y.0.0 l'\; the Darliug Downs VI.U.l.O.O.F.; ibo Rocliabite's; thu Protoitaut AIImucu;' wliilo iu frout, behind, and ' buaidu swanuud the general public by thousands.. Itus EUll-Btreet from thu railway gates to Uuthveu Street preseuted oue deusu mass of humanity through which tho processiou scarcely wouded its way. Outside the gales Ihu various i'rieudly societies had taken up their stand, also tho Salvation Army, and thu different bands took op the National Anthom uinid tho cheers that heralded tho approach of the vice-regul cortege. ' Tho grandest sight' was obtainable at the: intersection of Russell and Iluthvcn strceis. -: Here whichovor way tho eyo tuvned it: encountered 'fitters and banners, excited people and waving hits. At marching pace the procession moved on, down Russell and Ruthven-otreets, and up Campbell street, to thn -?..tes of- the show ground. Horo the vehicles containing the reception committee drew aside and allowed the Governor's carriage '? to . enter first, ' followed by the Ministers and other members of Parliament. Thoiitrh some hitch in tho arrangements tho Friendly ^ociotifs did not enter. Tho President of tho Royal Agricultural Society. Hon. James Tiylor, M.L.C., received His Kxcellency and Lidy Norman in front of tho Society's rooms wher« a party comprehend in;r,n3 Mm Prosidantawured hia Excellency, 'all tho aristocracy of tho Downs ' was drawn up on the green. Hero the President ro.id the following address of welcome ' Maj it please your Excellency, — This society was started in 1860 with a small number of members. I have been president as far back as 1874. The society baa had many hard atruarglea for existence, as when they took over their present grounds it was a perfect wilderness, nnd the outlay on tho same to bring it to its state of perfection his cost thousands. Many of the members now living, aud passed away, have al way boon ready to give to their means to carry things on. This is the twenty-ninth show, and as far as stock entries is concerned is one of the best we have lied for years, tho only weakness being in the draughts. Financially tho Society is in a good position, standing when all debts are paid in a good balance. Much more interest has been taken by the farmers in the society since we opened our schedule for farmers to compete amongst themselves.' To this his Excellency replied in a few plqasnnt words, expressing the pleasure it gave him and Lady Norman to view the beau tiful grounds of the Society with all its wealth of stock and other things ; also all tho aris tocracy of tho Downs, and ho trusted a fair proportion of the democracy also. It was gratifying to hear of the Buccess of the Show and the flattering financial position of the Society. His Excellency then declared the ?Show duly opened, an announcement that was received with cheers. Tho President of tho Drayton Shire Council now approached his Excellency with the following address : - 'To his Excellency, Sir Henry Wylio Norman, &c.; — May it please your Excellency, — We, the president and councillors of the Shire of Drayton, the oldest nrban settlement on the Darling Downs, take the .opportunity of your Excellency's first first visit to tho district as the representative of our Sovereign, to ex press, on behalf of the farmers and residonts of the shire, our loyalty and attachment to the throne and person of her Moat Gracious Majesty. Wn desire to express to Lady Norman and Miss Norman tbe same hearty wetcoiuo we give your Excellency, aud trust that you may be so favorably impressed by our climate and scenery, that your Excollency may bo induced to reside amongst us for n consider able portion of tho year. We trust that under tho blessing of the Almighty, your Excellency and family may enjoy good health during your stay in Queensland, and also that the term of your Excellency's administration may be long remembered in the colony as one of exceptional prosperity and progress.' His Excellency said he hud not received tho nddres3 in time to prepare a written answer but this should bo forwarded to Mr. Crawford at an early date. He was very much pleased to receive an address from the oldest urban settlement on the Darling Downs.' As for coming to live among them he would perhaps be able to say more about that in a few hours, after inspection of a certain house Certainly the reception of Lady Norman and himself that day had greatly enhanced their desire to see more of the people and thoir district. The Governor and Lady Xorinau then strolled about among the people, inspecting the exhibits, until 1 o'clock, when IiU\TCHE0NT was served by Hos1. M'Goldrick in tho ample dining-room on the grounds — ample on ordi nary occasions, hut not so on this, when a number of hungry souls had to feed standing, like some of the other exhibits. After the us'wl interval, the Chairman (Hon. .Tames Taylor) aiiiil tint us his Excel lency's time waa short there would be only two t lasts allowed He then gave 'the Queen,' which was duly acknowledge!. Tht) Chairman, in proposing the health of his Excellency Sir Henry Norman, siid he was curious about that distinguished gentle man's birthplace. At a binqnet at Rose wood Sir Henry had praised the in dustry of thu tho German and Irish settlers at the expeose of the Eoglish and ?Scotch, He had a suspicion therefore that his Etcellencv must be either a German or an Irishman. (Laughter.) The toast was received with enthusiasm, three cheers being given for tho Governor. 'Ono more for Lady Norman,' said Sir Patrick Jennings, and that charming lady waa accorded three. Sir Henry Norman in returning thinks said he certainly wasn't a German. (Laughter.) On t'ie other hand ho was somewhat mixed in nationality, heing 50 per cent English, 25 per cent Scotch, and 25 per cent Irish. Ho thonjrbt his friend of the Upper House had made some mistake about the Rosewood incident, or the papers hail misreported it. He was sorry tha1; bis stay among them must be so short hut he hoped to return again soon. Ho thanked tlimn on behalf of Lady Norman and himsulf for the handsome way in which they h:ul received the toast. His Excellency and Lady Norman after wards witnessed from the grand stand tho parades and jumping, aod shortly before 4 o'clock left for Harlaxton WILL HE COME? 1 INot much timo was allowed Sir Honry and Lady Norman to make an inspection of Har laxton house and grounds, hut Major Owens had on a previous occasion gone carefully over everything and mado a repirt thereon, so that tho work of inspection on Wednesday was considerably reduced. Sir Henry expressed admiration of the grand view from tho verandah but was cautiously reticent as to other matters. Tho fact of the matter is that we havu a powerful rival in Southport. The Governor has been there and seen a' suitable residence but Lady Norman did not accompany him on that occasion. . It was decided before the visit to Toowooinba that nothing definite should bo done until Lady Norman had aeen Southport, thoreforc the result of the inspec tion of Harlaxton was all that could he expected so far. Our fate is uow in the hands of Lady Norman. The people of Toowoomba will perhaps not be sorry to hear that South : port disagrees with that wiuuome lidy; ? The party joined tho special train again at about 5 o'clock, aud rattled away back to Brisbane. . ' HONOUR WHERE DUE. This rocordof tho first visit of Sir Hunry Normau with all its successful surroundings would bo incoBiplet'j without a word of acknowledgement of Mio surviees of those who had to .bear, the boat imd burden of the day. Mri Garget's untiring exertions to mako tho most, striking aud costly feature of tho spectacle, the triumphal arch,' the splendid structure ' it: turned, ont, '...has alroudy beon spoken of. To Mr., A. J. Bpyd waB owhig the completeness of the processional arrange ments,' in which Messrs. Macinichacl uad Cusper assisted. The luttur'n assiduity as ''eerotary to the Com inittop must not be fur yotttiu/' 'l'Ms lwas tliu .uuuit arduous portiou of thu wholowork^nud iiutth'e least uUicieutly oxseuWilvV-'lho1 multifold matters to be atteuded'tb in tlieitwo or three days available after thV Comrfiittee ' was formed? precluded aiiy' arrangement;' being mado for giving the achoul children a treat; hut better luto than never. I'liu committee lmvo voted the sum of £12 for the purpose, aud as soon ub arrange ments ca'u bd mudu thoyouugatem will have their outing when moro attention cun he bestowed upon thorn than could havo been the case on Wednesday last. As a last word, we nmy state that the Mayor of Ipswich oon fessed onr recoption of the Governor surpassed in splendor tho roception accorded by his town. 