HOW TRIUMPH BE&T; THE TALENT. A STORY OF THE TURF. I ebb by the papers, Jack, that our old fr'.Gnd Triumph is doad : I guaas you remombar him, don't you — the c :lt that M'Donnell brod ; And, by gracious ! that raminds me of one of the 'outosfc tricks T'cai I ovor saw played on the raceoourae by that cunning old rascal Bill Hicks. Triumph, yen know, was a ' clinker,' though lacking in beauty and style, And had scored up an excellent reoord for racos not over a milo. And he wasn't a particlo nervous — novar raised a row at tho post. Bat when .the flag fell for the start, sir, be could spin round the track like a ghost ! Old Hioks took tho colt down io Dumpton — Oh, pshaw Bir, don't laugh in that way,_ I know your opinion of Dumpton, but it wasn't as bad as yon Bay i But the boys all knew of Triumph — mado him favourite in the vary first race, And he won, hands down, in a oantor, though ho wont at a aodorato pace ! Woll, that was all right for a starter — he didn't want to du-np thsm too soon, Ho was figurine to pay off a mortgage thit he had on his liquor saloon, And so, fcr tbo nsxt fow raoss, no matter what ' duffer ' would run, Hia jookey would brine: in old Triumph some distance behind tha last one. Old Hioks give it out to tho talent that the oolt was dreadfully 'off ; ' Wouldn't oat worth oent — cau?ht a cold — and betidos had a horrible oongh.i And so he was selling for nothing — the lowest price nag on the oourse. Whilo !e was in tho pink oE condition — tho tjpo of an ideal hoieo ! I h*£030 you remember Joe Smithers? Well, he had a maro then at the traok, Tint could go like a streik of greased light ning, aud mako it 'red hot' for a 'craok:' Her inmo— lot ma think — 'twas Jorusha, by Moaarbiit, out of Eejoioo, And whsnaver sho started at Dumpton, the crowd always made her first choice. Well, thoy couldn't makeaeenton Jernsha, so they did what was often the caso. They put up a job to pull her, and lot Lucy Dix win th» ruco, Aud of oo'urpo sho was soiling hob favourits, and the 'Rrooniea' wore buyiug liko sin. Whilo Luoy was eo'Iing. say, third choice, and tho talent woro scooping her in. Old Hioks trot wind of tha bargain — ho was laying for just suoli a race, And a smilo of intense satisfaction illumined his pasdonlous face ; So whilo thoy wero layincr on Luoy ovory dollar they lr-d on God's earth, Old Hioks was a-baolcing Triumph for overy blamod ocnt ho was worth. Aud ho sold mighty cheap in tho auctions — for twenty-tive dollars, I'm told, You oould riko in a pool of three hundred, aud he bought overy ono that was sold ; Thon he hustled nway to tho ptddook — I s'pose yon remember tbo place, Aud wbiBpored some words to his jookey, how he wished biin to ride in tho raoo. Nine horsos, I think, faccd tho starter, and Lnoy jumped off witU tho load, And away tliey all galloped for dear life, evory one at his utt:rmost opeod, And when thoy rushsd bv tho tliroo-q'iariorj wliero do you think Triumph wjh, JaokP Ho waa traiUncr alouic in tho baok stretch, a furlong behind tho whole paok. Old Hioks stood thoro like a status, whilo his face boro a look undefined, As Luoy awep'; into tho homo strotoh, with Jorusha a triflo behind. Tiivn tho crowd want to shouting for Luoy — ' Lnoy D x,'' '? Luoy Dix wins tho raoe,'' When old Triumph was seen in the distance, coming up at a terrible pace. Coming up, did I say ? Holy smokors ! Why, ho aotually phot up that; track, A ball from a two huudrod pounder oonldu't havo gono a bit l'astor. Jaak ; Why, the rush that h i made was terrifio. Ho papflea them as il' they woro sticks. And shot his noso under tho wire throo lengths, sir, ahead of Misa Dix. GooSnosa, gracious : tho crowd couldn't bntiiivo it— it ucemed liko a droam of the niijlit: 'Dumbfounded they stood thero, quite opeech lui:-- — iu fact thoy woro doubting their sight. But the iudgoi hnnpr out tho ripht nnmher. Old Triumph lha- dav won tho riao, And moro than paid oft' tho mortgage that ho ho had on his olosant plan1. — E.- A. Swain, 'Horseman.' 