QUESTIONS ANSWERED. I i Anonymous Letters-Reader (Hay) : You have no remedy. Selling Bacon-S. P. (Manilla) : Must I have a licorice to sell bacon ?-No. Municipal Rates-Inquirer (Ballina) : Yes ; you can be compelled to pay them. Shooting Pigs-Bob (Canoblas) : Is it lawful to shoot pigs for trespass on Sunday ?-Yes. Dato Fixed-E. P. (Bairnsdale, V.) : On what day of tho week did October 8, 1829, fall?-Thursday. First Day of Week-K. H. (Bega)'.: Which is tho first day of tho week, Sunday or Monday ?-Sunday. A Bill Transaction-Nemo (North Berry Jerry) : B cannot sue upon thc bill after six years from its maturity. Weight of Cubic Foot of Gold-J. R. (Georgetown, Q.): Seo answer to "J. W. J." (Baker's Creek) in this issue \ Immodest Valentino-J. J. (Grenfell) : If an im modest valentine was seat to me, could I prosecute the sender ?-No. Vaseline-B. W. (Sydney) : Vaseline is a kind of soft paraffin. It is prepared from tho residue of a petroleum distillation. .* Sir Henry Barkly 's Son-G. G. (Burwood) : The son of Sir Henry Barkly (formerly Governor of Vic toria) is now Governor of Heligoland. Natural Gas-'Subscriber (Young) : Yes ; a vein of natural gas, with a daily flow of 14,000.000 cubic feet, wa3 lately discovered near Columbup, Ohio (U.S.A.). Bismuth, &o.-Miner; (Ten Mile) : 1. Is bismuth of any commercial value ?-Yes ; but tho price varies. 2\. Send the tin oro to tho Pyrmont Tin Smelting Works, Pyrmont, Sydney. Lighting Rates-H. P. (Tamworth) : Can a munici pal council claim lighting rates.for two houses on one allotment, one being built facing a street, and the other ono facing a lane ?-Yes/ Armorer Inspector-J. W. R. (Mudgee) : The military authorities wish you to communicate direct With them on the subject. They do not care to give Bush information to th3 gonoral public. »William III.-T. E. : Who was the father o William III., Prince of Oranger- William H., Prine of Orange; so that "William III., King of England Waa also William UL, Prince of Orange. Parnell-J. li. (Lake Bathurst) : Did Mr. Parnol pain a verdict of 10s against the TIMES ?-It wa stated that the TIMES paid -10s into court, not that i verdict for that amount had been awarded. Population-Inquirer (Warwick, Q.) : What is tin population of Victoria and New South Wales respec lively r-New South Wales, on December 31, 1888 1,085,7-10 ; Victoria, on tho same date, 1,0ÍK>,SG0. Queensland Mange-Subscriber (Inverell) : Is there any cure for the Queonslandmange in horses?-Was! tho horse from head to feet twico a week with an aqueous solution of Macdougall sheep d"p dressing. Sawn Cedar-J. J. (Tweed Eiver) : What price docs codar (cut by pit saw) bring in Sydney?-First class cedar, 12in to 24in wide, by lin to 2in thick, is worth 35s, superior ; other kinds according to finality. Cancer-Dr. D. (Sydney) : In Britain tho morla'itv from cancer increased .from 3G0 per 1,000,000 oi population in 1?G1 to GOG per 1,000,000 of population in 1887. A similar increase is noted in tho United States. Lion on Crop-Ii. H. T. (Adelong) : Is it legal to give a lien on a crop before it is all sown, provided that the person it is in favor of is agrocable? The crop was partly sown when the lien was signed. Certainly. Sheep in Colonies-Reader (Redfern) : How many sheep aro thero in New South Wa'es, Victoria, and New Zealand respectively?-Now South Wales, 4G,503,4G!) ; Victoria, 10,023,035 ; New Zealand, 15,500,000. Egg and Milk-D. H. (Noumea) : Will a raw egg beaten up with milk, and given to a child every morning, produce worms in a child?-No ; but if there aro worms in tho child already, it will not re move them. Tho Giant Bamboo-A Reader : Pleaso inform mo how to propagate thc "giant bamboo" by cuttings? -It cannot bc propagated by cuttings. Offshoots should 1 e taken with roots to them, and planted in the spring time. Expense of Dividing Fence-J. B. : I bought a piece of land adjoining another man's property. His fence is in a very bad condition. Can I compel him to renew it ; or must I pay for half ?-You must bear half tho expense. Caponising-Rooster (ChartersTowers, Q.) : Canyon give mo any information as to tho method of making capons from young roosters?-Cut tho scrotum in the middlo with a sharp penknife carefully ; and then bite out tho testicles. Trespass by Sheep-M. P. (Dubbo) : 1. A and B have adjoining selections unfenced. A having bought sheep, can ho allow them to run on B's ground against his consent ?-No. 2. What legal remedy has B ?-Ho can impound thom. Insolvency and Legislation-Alpheus (Sydney) : Is it lawful for an insolvent who has passed all his ex aminations, but has not got his certificate, to sit in tho Assembly as a member of Parliament ?-Thero is nothing to prevent his so doing. Wire Fencing-C. B. (Boga) : 1. How much No. 5 wire does it take for a milo of fencing, 5 wires ? 2Gowt 2qr 71b. 2. How much No. G wire for a milo of fencing, 5 wires ?-22cwt 8qr 111b. 3. What is tho price per ton of each ?-¿610 10s. Eloctric Railway-Ben^Bolt (Ryde) : As wo an nounced som'o wosks ago? a railway throe milos long is to bo worked by electricity in Michigan (U.S.A.) ; tho current hoing obtained by a water powor which is ten miles distant. Sewing. Machine Needles-Frank Johnston (Bar raba) : No such machine is known in Sydney. But as some needles fit many machines, if you forward a specimen needle, whole or broken, wo will endeavor to find out where such can bo had. Patents-J. Grconacre (Pittsburg) : Apply to tho Examiner of Patents, Chancery- place, Sydney, who will send you forms and all instructions.' The Govern ment fee for registering-appâtent is ¿65, which pro tects tho inventor for fourtoen'years. Teacher's Wife as Storekeeper-Fairy (Marsden) : Can a public school teacher's wife-keep a store, off thc school grounds ?-The authorities at tho Publio Instruction Office havo sent tho following reply : No teacher's wife is expected to keep a store. Tobacco Duty-Grower : Can a man make up tobacco for his own use from tobacco k-af grown by himself ?-It is very doubtful whether he can legally do so. Tho law requires the excise duty to bo paid on all tobacco manufactured in the colony. Gilding-E. P. (Clermont, Q.) : Can you inform mo how to make gold-color gilding for wood, and about what quantity would bo required to gild two largo picture frames ?-Uso Judson's gold paint. As to the quantity needed, your question is too vague. A Marriage Case-A. B. C. (Rutherglen, V.) : 1. Would it he legal for a woman to marry again sup posing her husband was a married man when she married him, without proving her case in tho law courts?-Yes. 2. Can she sue kim for damages ? No. N.S.W. Police-R..H. W.(Numurkah), V.) : 1. Iwish to join tho Now South Wales polico f oreo. To whom should I apply?-The"" Inspector General of Police, Sydney, in your own handwriting. (2.) Aro applica tions received from persons desirous of joining ? Yes. Ringbarking-Woodstock: 1. Which is tho best timj of the year to ringbark timber ?-In the spring, when the sap is rising, as cutting off tho supply of sap then gives the trees such a shock_ that they speedily die. ,2. Is tho sap up in winter or down? Down. AVind Velocity.-J. D. B. (Marrickville) ; At what rate did tho wind blow in a very heavy storm which passed over Sydney in, I think, the first or second week of October, 1888?-On October 4, 1888, the wind velocity was, for a few seconds, at the rate of eighty one miles per hour. Chess-C. A. R. (Sydney) : Can a king " castle" after having onco boen checked by the opposite side? -Yds ; provided that neither ho nor tho castle has been moved, and provided also that ho is not in check with " castling," aud does not have to pass a square commanded by the enemy. Coal at Riverstone-J. F. (Adamstown) = Has a scam of coal been found at Riverstone, parish of St. Mathew, county of Cumberland? If so, at what depth; and what thickness is tho seam ?-A scam of coal was reported to occr.r in the locality named; but it was only a few inches thick. Hawker's Licence-Manilla (Berry) : Suppose a tobacconist holds a licence to sell tobacco, cigars, and cigarettes in a shop in a certain town in New South Wales, can he, under cover of that licence, sell tobacco, cigars, and cigarettes throughout tho dis trict without having a hawker's or other licence, provided that while he does so ho closes his shop ? No ; if ho hawks cigars, &c;, ho should have a hawker's licence. " Thc Opposite Corner"-E. C. (Marrickville) Which is the opposite corner to Nicholson and Com puny'.s at King and George sheets, City r-This is £ catch question. Draw a diagonal line from the dooi of the shop ; and it will indicate the bank, which is therefore, tho opposite " corner." Damage Done by Neighbor's Horse-F. S. S. : My neighbor's horse has kicked tho boards off my stable, The stable is built on tho boundary lino ; und my neighbor says that he is not responsible for any damage done, as the stable should be within thc boundary line. Is he right r-No. Marrying a Stepdaughter -Matrimony : Can a man by the New South Wales law marry his step daughter ? If not, can you inform me of any other nation or colony whero such marriage would be legal ?-Thero is no law to prevent it ; for there is no consanguinity. But it is hardly tho proper thing to do. Pathogenic Microbes-Medico (Brisbane, Q.) : Dra. Strauss and Dubarry say that pathogenic microbes can live a long timo in water, whether it is distilled or charged with organic or inorganic matter. The microbes do not appear to lose much of their virulent properties in mediums containing but little nutritive matter. Wager re. Marbles-Uncertain (Boga): A number of marbles is placed in a jar; and it is decided to givo a prize to the person who guesses tho nearest number to tho exact quantity. Tho jar contained sixty. A guessed sixty. B guessed fifty-nine. Who wins? -B, because thc wager waa not tho guessing of tho exact quantity. A Ton of Gold, &c-J.; W. J. (Baker's Creek) : 1. How many ounces are there in a ton of gold? 32,0GGoz troy. 2. What is the weight of a cubic fo^t of smelted gold?-Ono cubic foot bf pure gold woighs 17,5550/, troy ; about 10cwt 3qr avoidupois. 3. What is the weight of 100,000 sovereigns?-25,G82o/. troy; about 15cwt 2qr 251b. Public School Regulations-E. C. P. : 1. Is a public school teacher justified in refusing to teach children because thc day is wet, and not moro than half thc children attend?-No. 2. Can a teacher demand school fees from a pupil on the roll when he is a full week from school ?-No ; not for the week during the whole of which tho child was absent. The Brigalow-Queenslander: 1. Has tho bark of the brigalow {Acnein ha rpopliijlla) been successfully used for tanning purposes ?-Yes ; somewhat con siderably. 2. What percentage of tannin doos tho dry bark contain?- As far as we know, there is no record of thc percentage of tannin in this bark. But it is considered a good tanning bark. .Buckwheat for Bee Fri ugo-Beokcepor (Bungen dore) : Will you kindly inform me how and when to plant buckwheat for bee forage ?-If you had road carefully our monthly Reminders to cultivators, you would have seen when and how much to sow on an aero of land. You may sow toward tho end of August at tho rate of two bushels per acre. Uncortificated Insolvent-J. H. : 1. I turned insol vent about eleven months ago, and have not got my cortificato, not having tho money to do so. Can I turn insolvent again, in Victoria?-Yes. 2. I have lost heavily in a contract lately. Can my creditors punish mo for receiving goods when I was insolvent ; they not knowing that I was insolvent ?-No. Boundary Fence-J. S. (Wingham) : Thero is a boundary fence required between me and my neigh bor. My neighbor is not in this part of tho country ; nor can I get his address. Ho has an agent, who receives all rents, &c.; Can I compel tho agent to orect half the fence after due notice?--No; you should serve tho owner or occupant of tho land. Insurance Claim-E. X. : 1.' A-'nian insures his life for a number of yeara iii a certain society. If he dies without a will before tho term of years expiros, can his children claim the .full amount ? i.-Both his' wives aro dead.-Yes. ~2. If- BO, can each'"claim an equal sharo ? Thc oldest is a son of his, first wife ; the others aro all daughters of his second wife.-Yes. Pro. Note-Bega: An error" crept into tho answer as to when a pro. note falling due on a Sunday is payable According to English.law, it is payablo on the previous day. We havo an Act hore which makes it payablo on tho succeeding day ; that is, Monday. In tho _ samo way, when a pi'o. note falls due on a bank holiday it is payable on th¿,succeeding day. ., . Tank Measurements, &c.-Alpha; (Murrumburrah): 785 and two-fifths cubic feet.-Pine Scrub (Danda loo) : 4053 and one-third cubic yards.-M. Sweonoy (Condobolin-road) : 13,088.V cubic yards (nearly). D. M'Coullough (Sunny Bank, Cootamundra) : Road way only contains 9682 cubic feet; each "batter " contains 1822J cubic feet.-Coolabah : 146,200 cubic feet. Trespass by'Fowls, &c.-CG.;: 1. My neighbor's fowls aro continually trespassing on my land. Can I shoot or otherwise destroy them ?-No. 2. Is a per son allowed to keep fowls to annoy his neighbors ? His neighbor cannot prevent him. 3. If I kill my neighbor's fowls, and eat them, do I rehder myself liable to tho law ?-Yes. Tho owner pf tho fowls can sue you for the value of the fowls. Gunboat Victoria-Inquirer (Cambewarra) : 1. Is there a boat called the Victory in the Victorian Go vernment service'?-There is no vessel named the Victory in tho Victorian Government service ; but thero is a gunboat named the Victoria. 2. If so, where could I get the name3 of the stewards?-The' name of the steward of tho gunboat Victoria is Sid ney Smith, and that of the cook Goorge Robertson. Old Australian Stamps-A. E. (Wagga) : Theolder varieties of Australian stamps appear to sell readily in London, and at very high prices. Lately a used embossed envelopo of Now South Wales realised 20 guineas, and an embossed wrapper of tho same colony .£23. An unused orange 8d adhesivo stamp was sold for ¿£15 10s. An unused 2d stamp of Victoria realised ¿£20, and a 2d of Wost Australia brought 5 guineas. Shorthand-CE. (Bundarra): 1. Is it possible to learn shorthand from books alone ?-Yes ; but you will have to apply yourself very closely to the study and keep it up. Thero are very many people who either will not or cannot do this without some other person to urgo them on. 2. Pitman's Learner's Com panion and Phonographic Manual can bo obtained from any bookseller advertising in this paper for about ls Gd each. Insolvency Business.-Needy : It is necessary that I should file my schedule (say, for ¿£100). Is it essen tial that I should employ a solicitor ?-No. 2. Can I obtain a form ? If so, whero ?-At the Bankruptcy Court. 3. In the event of my being able to transact tho business myself, what would be tho proper course to tako ?-You can obtain all information from the Court. 4. What will it cost ?-Only the fees, which will bo about ¿CG. Deed of Settlement-Reader : My father made a deed of settlement of his property to my mother, through two trustees, for her sole use during lifo, and to go to her heirs and assigns afterward. Since then she started a building, and failed to carry it through and became insolvent. Through law es penses tho property was thrown into equity. Can my father at any time during his lifo break tho deed of settlement ?-No. " Love Me; Love My Dog"-P. 33. (Townsville) : Is tho saying, " Lovo mo, love my dog," of Shakesperian origin ?-The saying is not ot' Shakesperian origin, and docs not occur in any of Shakespeare's works. It is simply an old English proverb. Tho supposition that it might be found in " Shakespeare " is, kow ever, a very natural one, as in several ot his referentes to dogs he has embodied phrases which were evidently in familiar uso in his day, and probably long be fcre. Laughing Gas --W. C. (Minmi) : Docs laughing gae (or nitrous oxide gas) make people laugh and dance about!-' If not, why is it called laughing gas ? -Laughing gas differs in its action upon different people. A sailor upon inhaling .some, drew his knife and stabbed a bystander. A young lady went into hysterics under its influence. In cases where the heart is weak, syncope has followed. Eut tho general action is to exhilarate people, and make them laugh ; h-?nce tho name. A Debtor in Gaol-li. X. (Nevertire) : Does the Government keep a debtor in gaol P Has the person to whom ho is indebted to keep him? If so, how much per week has ho to pay to the Government ? There is no imprisonment for debt now. When im prisonment is ordered in cases of debt it is not for the money, but for disobedience of the order of the Court that payment shall be made. Consequently, tho creditor has not to provide tho debtor with food as in tho old times. School of Mines-li. D. (Gordon) : Kindly inform mo the course of study, books, «tc, required for one who is desirous of becoming a student at the Govern ment School ot Mines, with tho object of becoming a geological surveyor, &c.; ?- -Tho courso of study in cludes geology, mineralogy, chemistry, mining, mathematics, and surveying, as tho principal subjects. For tho names of the text books required apply to tho Secretary of the Technical College, Sydnoy, or Regis trar of tlic Sydney University. Polishing Bullocks' Horns-J. W. (Nyngan) : Can you inform me how to polish bullocks'horns?-Scrape tho work smooth with a piece of broken glass. Then rub it with lino and yet finer sandpaper or glasspaper. Repeat tho rubbing with a bit of l'olt dipped in very finely-powdered charcoal moistened with water ; and lastly rub it witli rotten-stone or putty powder. Finish off with a piece of soft wash leather, dipped in a little sweet oil ; or, better still, rub it with sub nitrate of bismuth on the palm of thc hand. Obstructing Thoroughfares-Subscriber (Tabulam): You seem to havo been very badly treated through out this business; but at last you havo got an official declaration that "tho gates aro illegal." If so, of courso you can remove them, because no ono has a right to obstruct tho public highway. At tho sumo timo, you should go cautiously to work. Send notice to tho lessee, asking him to remove them, before doing anything. If ho will not do so, toll a magistrate ; and take a policeman with you. Deepest Shafts, etc.-J. W. J. (Bakor's Creek) : 1. Which is tho deepest shaft sunk in Australasia; and how deep is it ? Also tho second deepest?-Tho deepest shaft is Lansell's lc0 Minn, at Sandhurst, dopth 2140ft ; tho second deepest is that of the Magdala Company (now the Moonlight Company), depth 2409ft. 2\. Please give tho names of tho four heaviest metals and their spécifie gravities.-Platinum, specific gra vity, 21*50 ; iridium, specific gravity, 21"15 ; gold, specific gravity, 1!)"50 ; tungsten, .specific gravity, 17-00. Application for Patents, &c.--A.; R. (Mudgee) : 1. Can you recommend any book treating on making application for patents which would enable a person to mako proper application, without employing an agent ?-Apply to the Examiner of Patents, Chanoory p.'aoe, Sydnoy, who will give you full information. 2. What do tho patents agents charge for conducting tho business of an application ?-Various airiounts, according to tho difficulty of the work. But atten tion to our first reply above will savo you much trouble. A Horse "Shin Sore"-J. F. G. (Clifton, Q.) : I have a horse which has done sonio hard work drafting cattlo for about four years. Now I find after a day's work that his two shins aro puffed up in front, and romain so for several days. What is ho suffering from?-Your horse is "shin sore." Ho would benefit very much by your soaking a pair of flannol bandages in warm water, and pressing them on his legs when ever ho comes in from hard work. They should re main on about an hour. Then remove them, and rub his legs dry.' Transvaal-Minor (Gunnedah) : 1. Which is the best or cheapest route to the Transvaal (South African Goldfields) ?-Take ship to England ; and go thence to the Cape. 2. I have heard that there is a line of barques run from Port Adelaide. to East London. Could you give mo tho name of the owners or agents ?-No such lino is known among either the shipping firms here, or in shipping circles genorally. You might, however, write to tho shipping master at Port Adelaide. South Australia, inclosing postage stamp's for a reply. Asparagus-J. S. (Darlington Point): 1. Please advise what I should do with a bed of asparagus which was only planted last year. What kind of dressing should bo used, and how?-Cut tho plants closo down to tho ground ; aud give a good dressing of manure, adding salt or nitrate of soda to tho stable or other manures givon. 2. Where can I get a cheap book on gardening; and what would bo tho price ? Beeton's " Garden Managoment" (price, according to binding, from 10s upward). Read our monthly and weekly Reminders. Chemistry of Toasted Bread-Student (Globe) : Well-baked wheaten bread consists most largely of starchy matters. By toasting, bread bocomes moro digestible, because the insoluble starch by the heat is converted largely into soluble dextrine or gum. The charcoal which may bo formed when the heat -has disorganised tho bread and driven off the water, also acts favorably on tho stomach, by absorbing in its pores tho common noxious gases of that organ, which aro productive of ÊO much annoyance and pain to dyspeptic persons. Taking Stone from Paddock, &c-X.; Y. Z. : 1. I am a road contractor, working under a superintend ent. Can any man stop mo from taking stone out of his paeldock ; or can ho proceed against me for tres pass, thero not being sufficiont stone to execute the work within tho specified distance, and it being pur chased land ?-You can take the stone from land near to or adjoining tho road. 2. Should ho lock the gate to prevent me from taking the stone what should I do ?-Prosecute him for doing so under section 26 of thc Public Roads Act. Holding a Town Allotment, &c-J.; R. (Broken Hill) : 1. Can A by virtue of his business licence hold a town allotment : ho having employed an agent to peg the ground and erect the improvements ? It is lot to a tenant for a weekly rental ; A never having stayed on the ground at all.-This is a question of law, and should ho tested in the warden's court. 2\. Is thero any cheap book I could purchase on the nuning laws?-If you refer to tho mining laws of this oolony especially, no, unlesa the handy book published by Mr. De Courcoy Browne would meet your requirements. Brisbane to Adelaide-E. D. (Eidsvold, Q.) : 1.1 What are the boat fares from Brisbane to Adelaide? -¿66 15s, single saloon; ¿Ell 5s, return saloon; £3 15s, steerage. 2. Do tho through boats call at Sydney and Melbourne ; and how long do they stay? -Yea ; one day in Sydney, and two days in 'Mel bourne, as a rule ; rarely longer or shorter. Tho H.S. boats only run through. By tho other route you chango at Sydney. 3. How long do the boats take to go from Brisbane to Adelaide?-About six days, exclusive of stoppages. Railway Commissioners' Salaries-Reader (Warra gul, V.) : 1. Can you inform me what salary the Chief Commissioner for Railways in N.S.W. first received, and what salary he gets now?--The Chief Commis sioner was appointed at a salary of ¿83000 per annum, and it has not been increased. 2. What salary did Mr. Speight, tho Chief Commissioner for Railways in Victoria, first receive ; and what amount does he now receive ?-Mr. Speight was engaged under the provi sion of sec. 10 of the Act No. 707 at a salary of ¿63000 per annum, and has not yet received any increase. Custard Apples, &c-Planter; (Hunter River) : 1. . Do custard apples thrive in New South Wales (say, in the Hunter River district) ? If so, in what month ought seeds to bo planted ?-Splendidly. Tho seeds should bo sown as soon as ripe under glass or in a sheltered situation ; and when the plants aro 1ft high transplant them to their permanent quarters. 2. Would guavas (largo) thrive in the same district ; and when should seeds be planted?-Yes, in sheltered situations. Tho seed should bo sown as soon as it is ripe. 3. Will both produce fruit from seods planted ? -Yes. Salo of a Horse, &c-Novico; (Mooloolah, Q.) : 1. A mado a written agreement with B to draw goods for twelvo months at so much per ton. Thia was signed by a witness, but not stamped. Is tho agree ment legal?-Yes. 2. A sold to B a horse, and gave a receipt as follows : "A sold this day to B ono horso branded, &c;, for tho sum of ¿615 10s." B agreed to draw so much goods in payment, but failed to do so. There was a written agreement tho sarao as in No. 1 question. Can B soil tho horse?-Yes; but A can . sue B for tho money due to him. 3. Can A tako tho horse from B ?-No. Nightinaro, &c-W.; E. : 1. have a little girl about 2 years of ago. Nearly every night she jumps up in her sleep, almost liko ono in a fit, and screams out as if some ono was hurting her. Could you suggest a remedy?-The remedy depends upon tho cause. A heavy supper of indigestible food going to bed might be a cause. A series of ghost stories would produce a similar effect on an imaginativo child. Tho cause might be simple weakness of tho nervous system, which would require building up. 2. What do shot manufacturers mix with load to make shot ?-Anti , mony, used to harden tho shot. Sharpening Files-Mechanic (Wallsond) : Files can be reçut by cleaning them in acidulated water between two plates of carbon, and closing the circuit so as to form a real voltaic cell. Tho hydrogen liberated clings to the points of tho teeth of the file, promoting them from farther action ; but the cutting action proceeds freely over tho remainder of tho file. This process speedily brings back the teeth of an old . file to tho original shapo and dimensions, and does not merely sharpen them, but practically recuts the file, without necessitating either softening or re tempering tho metal. This "invention " comes from America. , ;. Oxide of Tin, &c-Tin; Miner (Silverton) : 1. What is the moaning of a percentage, or a unit, of oxide of . tin?-A unit of " oxide of tin" is not used commer cially. Percontago and unit aro convertible terms. , 2. How is tho oxide reckoned-in units, as tin, or how ?-The oxide, tin ore, is valued at per unit of metallic in tho ore. Thus, ore assaying 70. per cont. . and over is at present valued at 15s 9d per unit ; a ...reduction of lj-d per unit under that percentage. Below 50 per cent, oro is purchased only by special , arrangement. 3. In which way is oxide classified :. with or into units of tin ?-Ore, or tin oxide, is only -classified or valued as above mentioned. '-' Preparing Rugs-Inquirer (Brown Mountain), and C. R. W. (Chiltern, V.) ; In trimming kangaroo or : other skins for rugs there is no necessity to cut away any part of the sound skin. In pegging out skins you . can stretch them either way ; but they should all be stretched as uniformly as possible. Stretching them the broad way is thought by many persons to make the best looking rug. In curing kangaroo skins all -, the fleshy matter should be scraped with a blunt \- knife from the inner sido of the skin. Then peg it out flat, brush it with alum water, and let it dry in ' the shade, but not too stiff. You nan neutralise any remaining smell with the help of a little musk. Reducing Weight, &c.-Inquirer;: 1. I wish to re duce my weight, can you recommend anything to assist me?-To reduce the weight : Eat, to the extent \- of satisfying a natural appetite, of lean meat, poultry, game, eggs, milk moderately, green vegetables, tur nips, succulent fruits, tea or coffee. Drink limo juice, lemonade, and acid drinks. Avoid fat, butter, cream, sugar, pastry, rice, sago, tapioca, corn starch, potatos, carrots, beets, parsnips, and sweet wines. Exercise freely. 2. What will increase a person's growth P-Moderate outdoor exorcise in physical pur suits with good dieting, good rest, and an absence of excitement and mental worry. In brief, just eat, drink, and sleep well. German Statistics-W. H. H. (Paddington) : 1. Has Germany a larger population than France ac cording to area ?-Yes ; it has become so recently. 2. What is the average rate of wages paid to German mechanics?-This is a very general question indeed. But 20s a week would appear to bo tho highest paid ; and with the exception of Russia and Holland, German prices aro lower than those of any other European country. 3. When did Germany become a Srotectionist countx-y ?-What is now knowm as the rerman Empire has always been more or less prntec ' tionist, with the exception of tho freo towns, as Ham burg and Bremen, though tho privileges of these places have been taken away. Loss of Hair, &c.-W.; C. (Corowa) : 1. Is there anything which will provent a young person's hair from turning gray?-Hair turns gray from many causes; among the principal being nervous debility, the physical weakness following severe illness, worry, ? grief, and anything which affects the scalp. Building np the system by nutritious diet, abstention from ex citement, diversion of tho mind from irritating topics, . allassist. Brushthehairoften; andshampooattime3. 2\. Can yon inform me how to mix and use sulphur and treacle as a blood purifier ?-Warm the treacle, and make it thin ; and add the flowers of sulphur ; or, if this be nauseous, use milk of sulphur, beating it up ? with a spoon in the treacle till quite incorporated. 3\. Where and at what price could I procure the song, "The Bushman's Low Grave" ?- Write to any music . Seller advertising in our columns. 4. Which is tho best soap to use for tho complexion ?-Glycerine and Bulphur soaps aro good, thongh some skins are so tender that no soap can be recommended. In such a case use warm rain water and a bran pad ; the last being renewed from' time to time. Also see our ad vertisement columns. -L Dry Yeast-Baker (Junee) : No ; but we bear that there is one in Melbourne. "\Ve have endeavored to find out the address, and have not succeeded. You can, however; make it for yourself as follows : Mix wheat flour into a thick paste with water, which is to be slightly covered in a moderately warm place. About tho third day it begins to emit a little gas, and to give off a disagreeable sour odor. On the sixth day usually tho smell changes, much gas is evolved, accompanied with a distinct and agreeable vinous odor. It is then in a state to excite either vinous or panary fermentation, and may he either used at once for that purpose, or formed into small and vory thin cakes, dried in the air, and preserved for future usc. Feeding Hogs, &c-J.; E. (Springsure) : 1. What is tho host food to give pigs for bacon ? Is corn good ? See recent issues of this paper for extended informa tion on tho subject. Peas, beans, bran, and boiled potatos, damaged grain, Indian corn, and breweis' and distillers'grains are all excellent foods. 2. Which is the best way to cure bacon?-The pork must be well hand- rubbed with salt, and packed close on the floor or sloping bench until purged. When dry it is again rubbed with salt, sugar, and nitre in the follow ing proportions : 31b salt, 5oz sugar, and 12oz nitre ; though the nitre is not essential, being merely for coloring. The meat must bo turned and rubbed occasionally until fit for hanging up, after it has been wash d. Sugar Manufacture, &c.-J.; B. : I have an idea that I could make an improvement in ono of tho processes of manufacturing sugar. I havo not the Bkill to make tho necessary appliances ; nor have I tho money to got thom made. Could you advise mo tho best course to adopt in the circumstances ?-We can only advise you to communicate with some honorable manufacturer, who would probably buy your invention, if it was worth anything, or take tho uso of it on mutually favorablo terms. 2. Kindly recom mend a good handbook on rifle shooting.-Hans Busk "On the Biflo " is a standard work, and reasonable in price, ls Gd, post free, from any bookseller advertising in tho TOWN AND COUNTRY JOURNAL. A Sheriff's Salo-Eeador (Sydney) : 1. A piece of ground is given as a deed of gift, for love and affection, and a certain sum of money. How long must this land lio unclaimed before it can bo sold at a sheriff's salo, if tho owner is living in tho colony ? It can bo sold at any time at a sheriff's salo. 2. And how long if out of the colony ?-The foregoing reply answers this. 3. If sold by tho Government at a sheriff's salo, howlong should it have been advertised, and whore would tho advertisement bo found ?-It must be advertised in tho local newspaper before tho sale of tho property is in Sydnoy, or within twenty miles of Sydnoy ; if moro than twenty miles from Sydney, it is only necessary to affix a notice of the salo to tho property before tho sale. English and Australian Time-Beta (New Eng land) : If Australia is ten hours ahead of England in point of time, why is it said that we, in Australia, hear of English events boforo they happen ?-Who ovor said so uttored an absurdity; and thc assertion carries its own contradiction on its face. If a train runs off tho line, how can wo hear of tho accident be fore it happens, or even directly after it ? Some hours must bo occupied in getting tho information through thc cable. But, supposing this delay was avoided, and tho message was received immediately the train ran of the lino (say) at 9 a.m. in England, then the time (supposing Sydney was exactly ten hours ahead) would bo 7 p.m. on the same day. 7 in tho evening cannot by any stretching be made to como before 9 in tho morning of the same day. Queensland Tariff, &c.-A; Farmer : I am removing from New South Wales to Queensland. Shall I havo to pay duty on my furniture ?-After a caroful and interpreted study of both tho new tariff and the Custom House regulations, we incline to the opinion that you will have to pay duty. But, owing to the uncertainty of tho wording, wo cannot give a positive reply, and should advise youtowrito to tho Collector, Brisbane Custom House, for moro exact information. 2\. Can you givo a recipe for making tho hair grow ? I am only 16 years old, and am quite bald.-Tho uso of genuine bear's grease is highly recommended, as is that of Macassar oil. Mixtures of spirit of wine, glycerine, and rosewater, with the addition of a little canthar ides, aro proclaimed useful ; but all those remedies arc of no avail if tho bulbs are absent. I Multiplication-A. J. G. (Bando) : No ; there is no such thing as your process. Take a simple example, and try to multiply ls by 2s. If you multiply them as shillings (if possible) you get tho answer as 2s. But if you multiply them as pence, the answer is 288 j pence, or 24a. You would get a different answer still I if you multiplied them as farthings. If you try to multiply inches by inches, you do not get inches as the result, but square inches. . If your answer meant anything, it would mean "square pounds;" and, of course, thero is no such thing. Hence there is no analogy between pounds and inches. Even in appar ently multiplying inches by inches, you really only multiply two numbers together ; and tho result can I be interpreted geometrically. But with pounds the result cannot be interpreted. Varnishing Paintings-C. C. (Araluen) : Can you give mo a recipe for making a varnish suitable for water-color paintings?-Dissolve loz best isinglass in about one pint of water by simmering it over the tiro. Strain it through fino muslin, and keep it for uso. Try it on a piece of paper moderately warm. If it glistens it is too thick, and requires more water. If it soaks into tho paper it is too thin, and needs more isinglass, though in this you must take into account the absorbent character of different kinds of paper. It should merely dull the surface. Give the picture two or three coats, lotting it dry between each, being careful, particularly in the first coat, to bear lightly on the brush (a flat camel-hair one is best), as other wise the work may bo damaged. Then take the best mastic varnish ; and givo at least three coats. This i procedure is pronounced excellent by tho first artists. I Tanning Hides-W. F. (Ashford) : 1. What quan tity of bark will tan a large hide ?-Much depends on tho quality of tho bark or other tanning material used ; but if young oak hark 121b per lb of raw hide is advised as the result of practice. The bark is crushed and steeped in water, or has water run oi Í forced through it continuously for a period of time determined upon by practice. In the latter procesi the time varies from fifteen to twenty-four hours. 2 How long should the hide be left in tho tan?-By thc quickest methods light skins, such as sheep and cali skins, are tanned in a week ; oxhides in about twe weeks. This is American practice ; and tho leathers obtained have not the character given to the slowei European methods. Heavy leather of first-class quality is given a five or ten weeks' treatment ir England. 3. How is tho hair taken off with lime ? The hides aro laid flat in milk of lime in large pita Once or twice a day tho hides are drawn out, and thc contents of the pit well stirred up to distribute thc lime in the water, when the hides are put in agair spread out as before. From 21b to 41b of lime pei hide aro used ; and a week for green hides, and c fortnight for salt hides, are the times allowed foi steeping. The hides are then scraped to remove the loosened hair. Converted Preleases - Kef erring to Denis Kaveneh'a question as to converted preleases, " Waverley" has made some comment which might bc more courteously worded, especially as ho docs not understand the j whole of the subject. The querist " Kaveneh" I referred to his lease being under clause 51 of the Act. If so, it waa not converted into a conditional lease from a prelease. Of course, if it was a 52nd clause case (i.e., a converted prelease), " Waverley's" con tention might be right enough, as the right of pur chase does not attach. In answering the question, it was presumed that the correct section was quoted ; and it is not shown that there is any mistake. "AVaverley" may be informed that conditional leases nuder sections 48 and 51 both have tho right of pur chase, and that section 50 relates to both, though not to leases under sec. 52. Tho word " confined." used by Kaveneh goes to show that his lease ia under sec. 51, as leases under sec. 52 are simply " approved " by the Minister ; while other conditional leases require the applications to bo " confirmed." Making Cordials-Mater (Coolah): Kindly inform me how to make each of tho following cordials : Lemon syrup, lime juice, peppermint?-Lemon syrup : Take 5gal lemon juice, loz best oil of lemons dissolved in .V pint alcohol, or tho rinds of sixteen lemons rubbed" with loaf sugar to extract tho essential oil. Dissolve 801b sugar inthoju.ee; and boil for two minutes. Skim ; then strain.-Lime juico : Crush tho limos ; and put tho juico to stand for a few weeks. The pulp then separates ; and a clear sherry-colored liquid romains. This is lime juice. It can bo diluted, and sweetened to take for thc cordial, and put up in bottles, with a little salad oil on the top to prevent a mother from forming. In pouring out, throw away tho first spoonful to got rid of tho oil.-Peppermint (essonce of) : Oil of pepper mint, loz ; herb peppermint, \o/. ; spirit of wine, 1 pint Digest for a week or until colored. This can be used for cordial making by the addition of spirit and sweetened water to plcaso thc average palate of customers. Muffins and Crumpets-Annandale : 1. Crumpets : Take 21b flour made into dough with warm milk and water, adding a little salt, three well beaten eggs, and three teaspoonfuls of yeast mixed to the con sistency of a thick batter. After standing beforo the fire for a short time to rise, pour into buttered tins ; and bake slowly to a fine yellow. 2. Muffins : Add a pint and a half of good a!o yeast to a bushel of the very best whito Hour. Let tho yeast lie all night in water. Then ponr off tho water quite clear. Heat 2gal of water just milk warm ; and mix tho water, yeast, and 2oz salt well together for about a quarter of an hour. Strain tho whole ; and mix up your dough as light as possible, letting it lio in tho trough for an hour to rise. Next roll it Avith your hand, pulling it into little pieces the size of a walnut. Poll these out thin with a rolling pin in a good deal of flour ; and if covered at once with apiece cf flannel they will riso to a proper thickness. When baking watch carefully; and when ono side changes color, turn the other, taking caro that they do not burn and become discolored. Yeast and Hop Beer-C. C. (Liverpool) : 1. Can you inform mo how to make yeast?-Poil 2oz best hops in a gallon of water for half an hour. Strain the liquor ; and lot it cool down to new milk warmth. Then put in a small handful of salt, and ^lb brown sugar. Beat up llb best flour with some of tho liquor; and mix tho ingredients all well. On tho third day add 31b potatos boilod and mashed; and lot the mixture = tand for a day. Then strain and uso. Stir fre quently while making ; and keep near a fire. Before using stir well. This will keep in a cool place for two or three months. It is very strong ; and only half tho usual quantity need bo used. It is .? ell adapted for this climate, as it will keei> at lOldeg Pali. 2\. Please give a recipe for making hop beer in small quantities-Take 101b sugar, 4oz hops, a pinch of isinglass, or (cheaper) gelatine, a few raisins, two large Dottles of porter or a pint of yeast (see below). Then take 4gal water ; boil with tho sugar and hops for an hour. Strain into a tub, and put tho hops on again with a little more water ; and boil for half an hour. Strain into, and rinse into a cask, putting in the yeast or porter, and then tho raisins. Pill up with cold'water to mako lOgal. Keep it filled up as it works .off for four days. Thon bottle, pu* ting a pinch of'the isinglass or gelatine into each bottle to fine the beer. Ointment, &c.-J.; B. W. (Noumea) : 1. Pleasegive a recipe for a good family healing ointment.-You cannot well do better than get vaseline or zinc oint ment. 2. How can I make diluted sulphuric acid, as sometimes prescribed ?-Dilutod sulphuric acid is simply tho acid weakened by watering. 3. How can I make liquor plumbi diacetatis ?-It is tho same as liquor plumbi subacetatip. Boil the acetato of lead and tho oxide of load in the water for half an hour, stirring constantly. Then filter, and when the liquor is cold add to it moro distilled water until tho product measures 20 fluid ounces. Keep the clear solution in stoppered bottles. 4. Is pulv. antimon or pow dered antimony exactly tho same as tartar emetic? No ; there is a spurious article made by triturating loz of tartar emetic (potassio-tartrate of antimony) with 18oz or l!)oz of burned hartshorn, which is some1 times sold for tartar emetic. 5. What is tho differ ence between alkaline tincture of rhubarb and the common tincture of rhubarb ; and may they both be used in the same manner and for the same purpose ? Tincture of rhubarb is made of bruised rhubarb, car damon seeds, coriander, saffron, and proof spirit. It is used as a stomachic in small doses, as a purgative in large doses. The alkaline tincture is made of rhu barb in coarse powder, and the alkaline solution of Brandish, macerate together. It is used for acid states of tho system, and for dyspepsia. Listing Maize-Corngrower (Macleay River) : In an American paper I have read about " listing " corn and "listers." What is tho process, and what is a lister?-Listing is a method by which the ploughing or " stirring " of tho stubble, or oven of last year's corn (maize is always spoken of in America as corn) ground and tho planting can bo combined in one operation without any other preparation of tho seed red. It is much practised in tho west-central part of the Mississippi Valley, where tho soil is inclined to be open, and where droughts aro thc rule rather than tho exception. A lister is a stir ring plough with two mould boards ; one throwing to the right, f hi other to tho left. Each lay cuts Gin or 7in wide. Tho lister is run through the stubble or cornfield, guided by stakes or other marks, making a furrow or " dead furrow" for the corn with a ridge, or " back furrows" between thrEo. Some pass over with tho listing plough, and afterward follow in the middle of tho furrows with one-horse corn drill. The more approved way, however, is to uso tho combined implement, which is a listing plough carrying a drill attachment, operated by a wheel running behind in the furrow. Tho corn is dropped an inch or moro beneath the bottom of tho furrow by means of a molo or shoe-like follower. Thc corn is usually harrowed once or twice with a smoothing harrow, run length wise with the furrows, and afterward cultivated two to four times. In each operation part of the ridge is worked back into tho farrow, leaving the land about level the last time through, and at the same time hilling round tho corn. Working of Injector - T. R. (Reedy Creek) : What ia the cause of a locomotive injector work ing ?-The theory offered is as follows : Steam rushes into a vacuum at a speed of 1700ft per minute. When the steam is turned on in au injector, as soon as the steam comes into rontatt with tho walls of the hollow cone of cold water extending beyond the nozzle, it becomes condensed ; und the space occupied by the steam so condensed has to bc tilled up by more steam, so that the speed of the incoming steam is maintained as when steam ri.'?hes into a vacuum. The condensed steam tabes the fenn of a fine spray, which has all thc speed of the steam from which it is produced. This drivc3 into tho water which effected the condensation like so much fine shot, and imparts an induced motion to it, lil e that imparted to the water in a tumbler when moro water is poured into it. This force, possibly aided by the pressure of tho steam to back it up is enough to overcome the resis tance of tho inlet valve, which then opens, and admits a stream of condensed steam and water to the boiler. Victorian Police-S. H. (Gympie, Q.) : 1. A says that all Victorian police aro draughted from the militia. B says they are not all draughted from tho militia. Who Í3 right?-Appointments to the Victorian police are made from tho most eligible candidates among those presenting themselves. Militiamen occasion ally off* r themselves, but take their chance with other candidates. 2. What wages do tho Melbourne police get? Do they get hotter wages than tho country police ?-Town and country polico receive the same wages. t Under two years' service, Cs Gd per diem ; over two and under four years' service, 7s ; over four and under ten yours' service, 7s Gd ; senior constables, 8s ; sergeants, second class, 8s Gd ; sergeants, first class, 9s Gd. Sergeants and constables over ten years' service receive Gd per diem extra pay. Members of tho forco who are not married aro pro vided with freo Government quarters. Married sub olfieers and married constables, when in charge of stations, aro allowed the uso of freo Government quarters. An allowance of Gd per diem in lieu of quarters, fuel, light, and water, is granted to married sub-officers and married constables living out of bar racks. All other sub-officers and constables receive free fuel, light, and water. Gold and Iron, &c.-Battery; (Albury) : 1. How can I get thc gold off iron, or clean the iron about a battory, which contains amalgam or gold? I put «oz 5dwt of gold (retorted) into a crueddo. and got only 4oz 12dwt of gold. I had only done my copper plate, according to your directions for amalgamating previously to crushing. Tho gold .vas clean when put into tho crucible. Since then I have put tho crucible under a great heat for half an ho: r, and got only a few grains of gold.-We do not understand this question. If you mean that you have a quantity of gold or amalgam mixed with fragments of iron, you could host oxtract the latter with a magnet. Any pieces of iron which havo amalgam still sticking to them should be treated with sal ammoniac and water, allowed to stand for a few days, and then pounded up, and the amalgam washed off, and treated with nitric acid to remove tho last trace of iron. 2\. Which is tho best book on minera'ogy or metallurgy, or the best book to got for instruction about a battery for using acids?-Dana's book on mineralogy is the standard work. But it is largo and expensive. Percy's Metallurgy is subject to the same objection. Eisslor's little book on gold (cost about 4s) ia probably tho best for tho purpose required. Write to any bookseller advertising in our columns. Crown Land, &c-R.; J. (Parkes) : 1. How much Crown land is held under leases («), pastoral (b), con ditional (c), mining, or otherwise ; what is tho revenue derived from theso sources ; how much is purdie sod land, or land alienated from the Crown ; and what is the revenue derived from it by tho State ?-Your questions have involved much research. Wc give tho information which we have boen able to obtain : Land under pastoral occupation with rent paid during 1887, 138,709,508 acres ; revenue obtained, ¿61,079,50«. Since the year 18G2, when the Lauds Alienation Act of 1801 carno into force, thero have been re ceived into the national treasury from tho pro ceeds of land alienated the following sums : Lands sold in fee simple from January 1, 1862, to December 31, 1887, and deposits, interest and balance of purchase money on lands sold conditionally from January 1, 18G2, to December 31, 1887, ¿627,919,570. At the close of 1887, there remained duo to the State on account of unpaid balances on land conditionally purchased a sum of about ¿612,178,000 ; the area of land disposed of from 1862 to tho end of 1887 was 34,700,000 acres. Tho total aroa of laud which has been sold in fee simple, and for which deeds were issued to the close of 1887, was 22,01G,501 acres. Tho area granted wa? 3,110,150 acres. The area leased to pastoral tenants comprised 138,769,508 acres ; so that ont of tho total area of tho colony (viz., 195,882,150 acres) thero were either leased or Eold 180,808,881 acrcB, leaving a balance of only 15,013,269 acres, representing chiefly tho land reserved alike from salo and lease, as well as the area : of country not suitable for settlement. The area cf Crown land held under mining lease at December 31, 1888, was 114,901 acres. The revenue received under mining occupation during 1888 amounted to ¿695,342 03 5d. 2. Handwriting fair. MISCELLANEOUS.-Esau (Murrurundi) : A parti cular form of sensitivo flame, eliscovored by Philip I Barry, dances perfect time to a tune whistled staccato and not too rapidly ; and it also responds to every tick of a watch held near it.-Solly (New castle) :You win. The TOWN ANDCOUNTRY JOURNAL circulates largely in all tho colonies and in tho islands. Large numbers of copies arc also sc-nt to Europe, America, India, Japan, &c.-Buckingham; (Thames, N.Z.) : Write to tho editor of tho MINING AND SCIENTIFIC PRESS, San Francisco, California, U.S.A. Thc machines are not to bo had in these cob ni.'s. J. W. (Boggabri) : If it was a term of the agreement that tho book should he delivered within twelve j months, they cannot compel you to tako it now. I-Subscriber (Crookwell): After "showing" in Melbourne, she wont to Adelaide, where she was engaged as barmaid in a hotel. Subsequently, it waa reported that she had been thrown from a horso and killed ; but this rumor was not correct. Another rumor was aftarward circulated that she had dh d from natural causes. But this also was untrue, as it appears pretty certain that she was taken by friends on a trip to England and America. --J. R. (Pyramid Hill) : Pearce, Buona Vista, Parramatta.-D. J. : It cannot bo obtained now.-Gordon (Mar rickville) : Write to the gentleman you men tion. Wo have heard nothing farther concern ing the invention.-J. W. H. (Cobar) : Yrs. -C. E. (Sydney): 1. About 5ft 4in. 2 She would ho reckoned of medium height.-T. M. (Peelwood) : "Tho Hermit of Warkworth" is probably the poem meant by you. It was written by Bishop Percy, in imitation of the old ballad style, and is to bo found in " Percy's Reliques of Ancient English Poetry," copies of which can bo had from most booksellers. J. B. (Roma, Q.) : At Washington Soul's, Pitt-strcct, Sydney ; price, 2i.-J. K. (New England) : They can be had from Highland, Market-street, Sydney, from 2a up to ¿620. In ordering, specify the size, and the purposes for which you require onp. -A. B. C. (Rutherglen, V.) : Kingbuiy ar.d Com Jany, 54, Margaret-street, Sydney.-Ivy (Ben olba) : Write to Mr. Sandon's (lately Ballard's] music warehouse, George- street. Sydney.-P. J. Bush (Young) : It all depends on the timber used, -Sandy (Mudgee) : Write to Paling and Company, music warehouse, Georgo-street, Sydney.-J. W. (Bungowannah) : The buggies referred to by you are made by R. Midgley, manu facturer, St. Peters, Sydney.-G. H. (Mary land) : Long and Company, George-street. -A. M. (Bombala) : Wynyard-square, Sydney. New Chum (California Creek, Herberton, Q.) : Write to the Commissioner for Police, Brisbane. He will give you the desired information.-Nurse (New castle) : The Prince Alfred Hospital, Sydney. Apply to the matron.-Kentucky : Wo know nothing of the speculation to which you refer.-A. H. G. {North Grafton) : 1. We do not recommend any one in particular. If you come to Sydney, you will easily find out a good man. 2. We have not heard of tho gentleman to whom you refer.-J. C. (Aberdeen) : Murrurundi is 1545ft above tho sea. Tamworth is 1271ft above the sea.-F. O. (Sydney) : In the SILVER AGE, of J uno 4, Mount Robes aro quotod at 21s. But whether this is tho Mount Robo Estate Company you aention we cannot say. Write to some local broker.-Subscriber (Sydney) and Sufferer (Mudgee) : We do not answer suoh questions. How is it that you declino to give your name and address ? 