Here and There. BY JAPONICA. One of the British Cabinet Ministers recently ex pressed his opinion upon our educational system and said- "The compulsory clauses of the New South Wales Education Act is far in advance of ours." Just fancy a Britisher talking like that. This reminds me of a meeting held in the old school house at St. Marys a few years back. It was during the incumbency of the Rev. John Vaughan. Mr. J. K. Lethbridge presided. The subject matter be fore the meeting was education national, secular, compulsory, and free. The speakers were the Revs. J. Vaughan, J. Barnier, J. D. Langley and the all eloquent Thomas Kemis. The. meeting was speci ally convened as a counter-blast to one previously held in the old Presbyterian Church schoolroom, over the water at which Mr. G. R. Dibbs established a branch of the Educational League. We all re member how these reverend stumbling blocks held their theme up to ridicule, aud sadly deplored the awful state of immorality such a course would lead us into, and pictured the whole population drifting down the "inclined plain of easy wrong" into down right infidelity; and how the Rev. J. Vaughan pleaded with crocodile tears for the continuance of denominational schools; and how the liitle incum bent of St. Barnabus' Church contorted his features and sneered out the word "compulsory" with tire some repetition. It is an ugly word," said he, "we won't have it; it is un-British," and the meet ing decided, almost unanimously that we would not have it. Mr. J. Guild, W. Garner, and yours muchly were the only ones that showed hands, for "national, secular, aud compulsory education," and we remember to what disdain the chairman empha cised his remarks "What about compulsory and free now," just as if that meeting of Anglican intellig ence had settled the question for ever. Well, it is all passed over now, but it just shows how easy it is for a man to become just as narrow-minded as the extent of his travels. ###### I am pleased to notice in the Nepean Times that the St. Marys Mechanics Institute is a success, and that our famous speakers" (as your St. Mary's cor respondent puts it) are in it. I think I must post pone all other pleasures and go and hear "our famous speakers " orate. I am dimly conscious of having heard at least two of them, and I would just as soon hear W. E. Gladstone or Henry George. But in all seriousness I wish them every success, for there are no better institutions for young men to belong to, more especially and particularly when carried on as Parliamentary Debating Club. Every young Australian should know something of politics and parliamentary affairs, and what better way could they learn this than by having their debates carried on re Parliamentary rule - appoint their Speaker and take sides. They would get doubly in terested in the proceedings. Some of the members of the old Mutual Improvement Society started such a thing once, but the then president of the institution came down upon it one night with a select assort ment of narrow minds, and characterised the thing as a farce, and although the president's speech was a most egregious farce, he had the majority. This shows again how easy it is for a man's mind to be come even more narrow than the extent of his travels. ? ###### The Manchester Chamber of Commerce recently discussed the cause of the depression of trade in England, and came to the conclusion by a majority of 73 to 13, that Free-trade was the cause of it. Well did you ever. May the ghosts of Cobden Pullsford, and St. Marytan haunt these Manchester idiots for ever. ###### You may possibly have heard that the Parkes Ministry went bung. I will reserve my massive opinion of G. R. Dibbs, and simply state that I do hope and pray that Sir H. P. whom I consider the master of all political shufflers, will now sink into peaceful obscurity for ever. ###### It was just after morning service, they were ad miring the tomb stones, and reading the epitaphs in the Mulgoa Anglican Church yard. The conver sation then ran upon the manner in which the Hon. G. H. Cox read the lessons; and what a happy looking little gentleman the parson was; and what an exceedingly sweet voice one of the choir lady singers had, and so on. Then the stronger said "Who is that person with the blue trimmings and horizontal nose, who is standing near the church door." That, "said the individual addressed, "Is my brother's wife." No I don't mean her, said the first speaker, "I mean the slim party with a face like a sucked lemon, on the right hand side of the door," Oh1 Her with the immense crinolette that is my Aunt Henryhetter. "Oh dear me no, I don't mean her, I mean the vinegar featured woman with the red parachute." " Oh, I see, why that is my sister Silvia." The stranger left then, and thinks it is scarcely safe to speak personalities in Mulgoa as everybody, also everybody else, is a near relation of somebody or some body else. ####### The door that admits good new and bad news; The door whence the son left home, confident and puffed up; The door he entered again from a long and scandu lous absence, Diseased, broken down, without income, without means. WALT WHITMAN. This will apply to a young man not a hundred miles from the Good Templars Lodge at St. Mary's. Didn't any one notice him of late, has none of the Good Templars spoken to him about it, some kind encouragement may save him yet, or has he reached that fatal point in inebriation from which a man cannot turn back. 