A Few Trnisms. That no ballroom is complete just now without "•dear Sir Soraers Vine." That Nisbet, of the Harbors and Rivers, still sticks to lemons. ■ That Tommy Woodward-Hill thinks a good many people patronise the Courier lift who didn't oughter. Tom says the public seem tio. forget that "each hydraulic trip costs a penny. That .jj, L. Brown's architectural resurrection in Eagle-street has been the wonder and envy of a good maiiy merchants. Ne whining, no appeals for mercy, but simply a resolute putjbing of the shoulder to the' wheel, without looking back . at the thousands and thousands consumed by the iiH-iiend. That Hdrsley and Co/s'sdmjiles of National wines sent to the Courier. fellowS^p®ned the cockles of ih^ir hearts. Kimiaiid I^8^|iBsrthe claret, Barton actually swore by the Robertson went ^ifatb high F lecstacies 6v^r?^^p^rdeilho. IgjThat Lewis, of the TekgiMa^, l says you can't do PBsfcice as a wine-taster unlets you nibble a bit of fiplbain's biscuits between the £iffigrerit vintages. ®That young Unmaci iscjoming out pretty strong. pEis clerks are rapidly increasing in number, and old it©addyTheodore is more firmly convinced than ever that" there's something inthe boy." Here's to your health, AvO. - ; That, as I live, Malcolm Irving is back in Queens land To-day in Brisbane, to- morrow in Townsville, next day in Charters Towers. Roll up, boys, and lea.ro, the latestf from Christchurch, Dunedin, Hobart, and Sydney. Never lived a better-hearted or a more generous friend, and withal a keen business man, for you seldom meet as good a judge of rhubarb, assa fcetida, and bristles. That Tummy will hie to the Paris Exhibition despite the gory deeds of 1789. Shades of Marie Antoinette, hov? I shudder when I think of the past. But Tummy is still young, and the Guelphs were ever fond of their little pleasures. - That a certain scribe in Brisbane says he will follow Bob Dennis' example and sue a certain Member of Parliament for services rend6red in writing .election addresses and speeches for the House.' These " ghosts " are troublesome fellows to lay, when even Henniker Heaton had to shell out. Just fancy a literary tnan wanting to be paid ! Pre posterous ! That J. T. French is the lucky architect for R. A. Kingsford's new residence at Cairns. Several im provements are to be introduced. Hey, presto! touch a knob and the verandah is enclosed with Venetian shutters. Even Long Marshall will be able to pass the French casements without stooping. The site will be on a hill near Walker ville. That the young gentleman with a silver watch chain, who lost a two-and- sixpejnny ring in the bath room of a leading hotel in Brisbane, and who called in the detectives on the sly to watch the servant^, should be ashamed of himself. Let's go out and make a night of it, and if werlofce our jewellery, why we left it in the lavatory. Of course, nothing easier. 