CRUMBS. An irrigation party, M.P.'s on the spree. Tom among the ladieB. Speeoh getting fixed np. More homestead blocks. Honest Tom on his toot. Governor off on a cruise. Young Hawker resigned. May be foe skating soon. What's wrong at Eon Flat ? Only shoddy burglars rnn in. Some rosy billets in Customs, Skating is increasingly popular. Why not plant our mua banks 1 HisExoellenoy among the boys. The Countess at the Town Hall. Knighthoods for running Shows. Feast of humour by the 'Merioao. The Governor among the Masons. Dr. Cronin found murdered at Chioago, Noble Murray bespattered with bottles. Deluge of rain and burrioane at Sydney. The witty Dublin logioian taken to taak, Northern Land Board appreciated valnea. The animated Chief has found a ohampion. Good opportunity to keep down rabbitpeit. Richardson petition bears 6,000 signatures. Old Bismarak bossing a royal nose-rub bing. Jaok Tars on skates Birthday night at the Bink. The dear old lady h&B; done a good lile's work. Old Ebby's elfin locks all in a touzzle again. Tom, Jenkin, and Charley running the show. The handsomest man in Port Adelaide dis rated. Who cares a dump what is In Mr, Deagy's letters? Paoifio defences to be commenced next snmmer. Viotory steadily inolining to the Irish loyalists. Breeches O'Brien does not disguise his sen timents. Sir Morrell Mackenzie suing the Thunderer for libel. Uncle Sam wants to annex a coaling station in Hayti. KingMataafa wants Uncle Sams protec tion only. " Deplored licensing fees going to Diatrlot Connous." Another political leader in-ha ha-top note Giles. How many dozen of champagne went with the party ? Too thin to try to pose as a postal martyr, Mr. Deasy t The Right Worshipful Grand Ex toller challenged, Adoock's case as big as the Territory it came from, Mr, Deasy's letter - tampering sensation missed fire. The fossil Irish Peers want to abolish the Vioeroyalty. A triple system to be adopted in Samoaa government, Ebby defies big Tom to say one void against him. Karageorgeovitch isn't a bad handle for a " Pretender. Our Chess Editor named sue out of the seven winners, Premier Salisbury blowing a blast on his Primrose bom. England to boBS and mediate in control of £amoan affairs. Bain saved Indian wheat crop if not slwolnte famine. Is The Czar will return Emperor William's visit next month. The Governor will have to visit Prinoe Alfred's boys now. Ii Johnnie Bray the only St. Peter's boy worth mentioning ? After braying at the land which pastured him, Neddy resigns. "Logic for ever; it beat* my grandmother and she was clever." The way to knighthood comes through turtle sonp sometimeB. Fanoy our postal C.M.G. " tampering" with anybody's letters 1 Is the ghost of old Jemmy Graham walking the oolonial poBt offices? Dillon & Co. had better harry home before their occupation is gone. The G.O.M, collided with a oab in London. Cab uninjured. Frenchmen arrested in Alsaoe charged with treason against Germany. Southern Cross launched on the sea of a limited Liability Company. Reminds one of the Chartist days of letter opening, only it is not true. Must not mix snbjeots in Germany; punishment, imprisonment. Workmen's Compulsory Assurance Bill passed by German ReiohBtag. The three tall men will settle up the policy while the others are at the plono. Sydney hangman cheated of a job-Buttner turned loose instead of turned off. The Orlando and Calliope carry over 100 Good Templars amongst the orew. Oklahoma land-boom oollapssd-woald- be grabbers starving and clearing out. Ebby is not quite sure what he will do will wait to see how the cat jumps. Shaw of Persia fraternizing with the Czar of Kussia. What's the next move ? Hot easy to audit those books when they vjere in the possession of the enemy. Total Abstinence League oondemned the praotice of sending ohildren for beer. Broken Hill Proprietary Mine pays over 176 per cent, per annum on capital value, Our very own Grand Old Man, like England's G.O.M., is unhampered by title. Government of N.S.W. required to thtash out seed wheat enough for 1,500 applicants. If Parson Hastings intends to notioe every anonymons scribbler, he will have his work to do. ? A letter affecting to deapise family pride bearing a signature with a respeoted family name. Parson Hastings has not been long in get ting into hot water about a cold water suojeot. Sohool of Mines opening its mouth rather wide-wants to teach oookiog and dress making I " An Old Hand" wants Parson Hastings to remember that he is not no w in the East End of London. Buttoer'e oase chows the extreme risk in attemptingto determinethefitnessol a fellow man to live. George I. of England made his first appear aaoe upon the stage of this breathing world May 28,1660. It was the Romans who invented the bag' pipeB; that relieves the Scotch of a great responsibility. Billet open; £200 a year and pionics; brass and conceit chief requisites; soft thing. Apply Stanley. It was on May 27,1679. during the reign of Charles IL, that the famous Habeas Corpus Act was passed. How did that Northern legislator get on with bis much-practised song, " Nellie and her bine eyes t" Josephine, Empress of France, and subse quently the divorced wife of Napoleon L, died Ma; 29, 1814. The Governor mi as solemn {as a Judge when he told the Masons " That Where's a will there's a Way." " Whenever yon think and believe in yonr conscience a thing to be right, epit on your hands and hold on." If the Emperor William were diotator here he would soon fill tbe gaols with sub ject-mixing agitators. The foundation* of the second Temple of Jernsalem were laid on the 25th day of the month Sivan, B.o. 535, Mr. Parnell will clear out of the Commons within twenty-four hoars if Ireland fails to get her own Parliament. We have some advertising politicians to spare. There's-bat the demand on space prevents ns giving & long list. Charley Beresford's great oorporeal pano rama wonld be worth its weleht in diamonds if in the hands of old Baraum. The British Museum should keep an eye on Charley Beresford's panorama, now that all sorts of edibles can be preserved. A young Auckland shootist while lighting his pipe placed his son against his body, and Coroner subsequently sat npon it. Germany wants the " rebel" King Mat&afa; to pay her an indemnity for defending him self against robbery and injustice. Some of the missing Irish Land League books have been found in the possession of one of the witnesses for the Times. Ebby wants to see the! list of the new Ministry before he votes against the present team. Does that mean if K. W. is in it? The New York CheBB winners comprise a Russian, an Austrian, a Hungarian, two Englishmen, a German, and an Irishman. For sale, a few reams of loyal and other verses, for which spaoe cannot be found in " Crumbs." No reasonable offer refused. Very strange^that when a pieoe of water tabling is reqniredEin a suburban Corporation what quantities of floodwaters flow over that street. O'Brien, Parnell, and Davitt honoured the "Manchester Martyrs"-the murderers of an offioial while simply doing his duty. That Tory again. John MoDonall Stnart, the South Austra lian explorer, hoisted the {Jnion Jack in honour of onr Queen at Anld's Ponds twenty eight years ago. Thomas Moore was born in Dublin, May 28, 1779, His "Irish Melodies" and his "Lalla Booke" are perhaps more popular and more read than when Moore first pub lished them in black and white. Onr own Zoo was opened May 23, 1883. The reader might spend a Bmall silver coin and a half hour in a more questionable man ner than in visiting this extensive plaoe of entertainment for man and beast. Dr. William Hunter WBB born n Lanark shire May 23, 1718. Though educated for the Chnroh, he abandoned the oure of souls for tbe oure of bodies; and though a hunter all his life he sever followed the hounds. William Plttthe younger was born in Kent, May 28,1759. Though W. P. was a Worthy Patriot and a Wonderful Parliamentarian he was sot a Wealthy Politician, for he died in debt to the tune of £40,000, which sum the Parliament voted for its disoharge. It was on the 16th of May, A.D., 1536, that Anne Boleyn, the second wife of Henry VltL and mother of Elizabeth the little three years old maiden afterwards Queen [of England, was arraigned, and which led to her behead mentthe same year, right or wroug; who knows I It woe on May 23 in the year of grace 1638 that Cranmer prononnoed sentence of divoroe between Henry VIIL " of pious and oonnu bial memoir" and Catharine of Arragon. Of oonrse the King oould do no wrong, and the Archbishop had a right to administer the ritea of ttie Chnroh, Demetrius, Czar of Russia, wea assassi nated, May 27,1606, during an inenrreotion he himself nad provoked by his partiality to the Poles and his contempt of the Greek reli gion. Was it to oommemorate his death that Peter the Great founded the City of Peters burg on its 97th anniversary f Pompey the Great otptnred Jerusalem on the _ 23d day of the Hebretr month Sivan, j during the Consulate of Cicero, B o. 63. It i waB "a day to be remembered in all genera tions," and observed as a fast in remembranoe of the defection and idolatry of "Jeroboam, the son of Nebat, who made Israel to sin." Charles IL, of pions memory, seoond son of Charles L, was bom, May 29, 1630, and on the selfsame day oi the selfsame month thirty years after he entered London in triumph, Oliver Cromwell having kindly prepared the way by Bhuffling off this mortal oolL Ohsee, O. C., the result of your exit from the stage. Catharine II., Empress of Russia, was born May 23, 1729, ]uat ninety years and a day before the birth of oar "noble Queen. Happily the latter presents a great oon traBt to the former. Vivat regina, Vive la reine. Three cheers for the Grand Old Lady. Viva vivissima. Hip, hip, hip hoorah " In 1497, Emannel, King of Portugal, sent Vasoo da Gama to endeavour to doable the Cape of Good Hope, and he did it. Then sailing along the eastern ahores of Afrloa he arrived at Calicut on the coast of Malabar, May 20, 1498, and was received by the princes of that placu with great pomp and ceremony. Dr. Dodd was born Uay 29, 1729. It will be remembered that he was hanged for forging Lord Chesterfield's name to a bond for £4,200. " They say" that on his way to execution a lewd woman saluted him with " O, Doctor Dodd, where is the Lord thy God," to which he replied " In Mioah vii. 9-10." Look it op, reader. Archdeaoon Paley gave up the ghoBt, May 25, 1805, at the age of 62. His principal works are;-"Elements of Moral and Poli tical Philosophy," " Horse Paulina;," " Evi dences of Christianity," and "Natural Theology." " They have been several times answered, bat never related." That's what that shrewd biographer says. Sir Humphrey Davy died atGeneva May 29, 1829\. His chemical researches and dis coveries prooured for him a baronetcy and a European fame. His invention of the Davy safety lamp conferred incalculable benefits upon mankind, and his dieoovery of the pro perties of nitrons oxide, commonly known as laughing gas, shows trom what source Frank Linooln and the rest obtain their supplies. Alighieri Dante, the Milton of Italy, took his fust draught of the invigorating air of Florence May 27.1265. Who that hat read "LA Divina Commedia" oan ever forget its magnificent scenes of Hell, Purgatory, and Paradise) It was daring bis banishment from his native city that:-"Inspire d'un enthousiasme divin, il prit sa lyre, et se mit & chanter." Mahomed EL took the city of Constanti nople by storm May 29,1458. His farce con sisted of 258,000 men and a fleet of S20 ship. Constantino XIII., the last Emperor of the East, defended the city bravely, but the Princes of Christendom having abandoned biro, he died heroically while fighting in the breach. in thla unholy war 60,000 of the citizens fell by the edge of the sword, and many others, including the beautiful Empress Irene, were made prisoners. Oh cursed war, at once the proof and scourge Of man's moat lamentable fall. Peter the Great founded the city of St. Petersburg May 27,1703. " They build them houses, and call the landB after their own names." It is situated near the mouth of the. Neva, yet forty miles from Its head. Before 1703 there were only two huts on its present site. Now it bas a population of 670,000.. Will Adelaide beat that within an equal number of yean t O won't it, though, you bat; our historical Crombman will hold the BtaheB. Owen Glendower, the famous Welsh ohief tatn, was bom May 28,1350. Yoa remember that he outs a oonsplonous figure in Shak speare'a Henry IV., part the onetli. " At my nativity the front of heaven was full of fiery shapes. Of framing cressets; and at my birth. The frame and huge foundation of the earth Bhak'd like a coward." That's .."hat W.8. pat into the month of O.G. knowing that nobody bat a Welshman could swallow it. King John of England wasorownedat West minster May 27,1199, Hisnephew Arthur, the son of bis elder brotherGeofirey, was the lawful heir to the throne, but the mase of history attributes the death of that young prince to John himself. Whether, however, the pusil lanimous monarch on being shown his hand and seal authorizing the murder felt the bitter pangs of remorse with which Sbabspeare has oredited him "demands a doubt: Hubert-*' Here Is yonr band and seal for what I did." H. John-" O, when tbelsst aocount'twlit heaven and earth Is to be made, then shall this hand and seal Witness against tu to damnation." 