Les Cloches de Corneville. The representation of this now favourite opera by the Amateur Opera Company at the School of Arts on Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday met with the greatest success, and although on the first night the house was not such a one as might have been expected, it was nevertheless one of the most en- thusiastic houses the Hall has ever contained. That the performers were at their best on the Monday night, would be saying too much as there was ap parent, in many places, a decided absence of deeper acquaintance with the music and lines, but when the fact is taken into consideration that another, and entirely different style of opera has just been performed and the ' ins and outs' of it not yet for gotten, the amateurs will, we think, be dealt with more indulgently by a critiscing public. The mounting of the piece and the management generally were excellently done and reflects the greatest credit on all concerned in the work, the castle scene being, we understand, the work of the same amateur who produced the 'Portsmouth' scene in Pinafore. The dresses, too, were pretty and becoming, the ladies looking exceedingly well. As to the opera itself, and its production on Monday night, a word or two must be said. The opening chorus was well done, the principals taking up their parts well. Miss Deakin as 'Serpolette' was charming and gave great life and force to the opera. Her couplets with the girls, 'They say that Jeanne, sheep tending,' and the rondo, ' I may be Princess,'' were effectively rendered, leaving no doubt on the minds of her audience as to her ability to sustain the character. In the second act Miss Deakin again gained the applause of her hearers in the song, ' Not a ghost at all,' and in the third act the 'Cider Song and chorus was loudly encored and responded to. Miss Cooper, as ' Germaine' also came in for a large share of recognition for her interpretation of the part allotted to her. She was prettily dressed and looked very becoming; her voice was good, and on several occasions her songs were received with great enthusiasm, but we cannot refrain from saying that, if our memory serves us right, we were somehow impressed to a greater ex- tent with her "Germaine" of two years ago than on the present occasion. However, it may be that lapse of time since we heard it, together with the rage with which 'Les Cloches' was first greeted, has made us look for too much, but it is certain that, in conjunction with Miss Deakin, Miss Cooper made a decided hit. The 'Legend of the Fells' seemed to first wake the audience up and from that point to the end, the applause was continuous. The duo between Germaine and the Marquis was a splendid piece of both singing and acting, and fairly took the hearts of the audience who demanded a repetition. Of fhe Marquis (Mr. S. V. Turrell) we cannot speak in too high terms ; his appearance on the stage was good and his acting certainly beyond what was ex- pected and if his voice was, in point of strength, insufficient to sustain the tax placed upon it, the purity and correctness of his singing certainly made up for any loss of power that might have been noticeable, and Mr. Turrell certainly should be con gratulated on his first essay in so difficult a charac- ter. To the Baillie (Mr. C. V. Naylor) and Gaspard (Mr. Mackenzie) much praise is due for the excellence of their acting, although the latter, from no fault of his own, was not up to his usual standard in the chateau scene ; his voice, too, has weakened considerably since the last production, but the Baillie was still ' Baillie as of old.' Mr. J. Trivett's interpretation of Grenicheux was most commendable, the more so, it being a most unsatis factory part to play, especially from an amateur point of view. He was in excellent voice and seemed to be thoroughly well up in his lines, and his dresses in every act were most becoming. Mr. Haughton as Gobo took his part well and kept the house in a thoroughly good humour during the evening, whilst little Christopher (Master F. Boyd) in his becoming attire carried out his portion in a way most creditable to such a small boy. Of the choruses it is difficult to speak with certainty ; in portions, especially the opening chorus, the 'Legends of the Bells' and the ' Silent Heroes' they were excellent and the time well marked, but in the other and more intricate movements, such as the quintette, 'As he's looking,' and the ' Yes we are ghosts,' the time seemed to be lost sight of in the endeavour to sustain the stage effect ; the finale, too, of the third act was also in danger of a collapse from want of a better knowledge of the part, but taken altogether, and an a first performance, Mon- day night was a most creditable production, and we are sorry that it was not better patronized, as a small house will often damp the ardour of the best actors. On Tuesday night a vast improvement, was ob servable in every direction, both tbe music and dialogue proceeding in a smooth and pleasing man ner. The principals were in good form, and the chorus had fallen into their proper grooves, the singing of the larger choruses being exceptionally good. The house was a splendid one and well filled above and below, and a more enthusiastic audience could not be obtained. Miss Deakin again excelled as 'Serpolette' and Miss Cooper as 'Germaine' never looked or sung better, and deserves to be con gratulated. The 'Bailee,' Gaspard,' ' Gobo,' and 'Grenicheux ' were also admirable, and the minor parts were well filled in and taken up. The staging was again excellent, and much thanks is due from the society generally to Mr. Alfred Sutch, who has worked hard during the last few days both on and off the stage to ensure a success which has, we think, been attained. Of Mr. Juncker and his orchestra we must not omit a word of praise for the manner in which they have reached the point of perfection at present held by them, and which is evidently only the result of real hard work. But to Mr. Juncker we would point out one fault, his own rather than that of his orchestra, in that he must strive to let his orchestra play to the voices, and not expect the singers to expend their strength in trying to rise above the instruments. This has been long noticeable, and on no occasion so much as on Tuesday night when, at certain points it was apparent that the singer was straining to be heard, although nought but the orchestra was the result. However, this no doubt will be attended to in future and all made right. Mr. Alexander was a great acquisition as leader of the orchestra, and we are pleased to think that the whole venture has been carried out successfully, considering the heavy man- ner in which the undertaking has been handicapped. 