Topical Sketches , :. By EZRA Soo :' ... l" hlAMLET PINT IIIT:SUR URS.&, One day lst nuLsek the ptf stlibrught me an invitationto' attendd a p-erforin;;iae 'f "llaslet"'lrhiech was to be giscrienmder the auspices of the Collingwood '"orties,;' by various members of, that body who had been inspired by,;Mr., Miln's admirable re presentation of the Prince of Denmark. On the evening set.aside for.the play, I accord-. ingly ventured to the furthermost corner of that delectable suburb, and duly presented nyself at the theatre, which wnas no other than a long cellar occasionally used by a publican for theustorage of hiscommodities. After modestly falling down the steps which led totthe cellar, I-found, myself, confronted by a hlaughty-looking'dobrkecpj'r, who' was proudly expectorating' tobacco juice on the opposite wall, and, at: intervals,'whistled 'a tune through his teeth'which sounded like a wail from a wounded wombat, only more so. "Is this the 'place where 'Hamlet is to be produced 'to-iight !" I- asked, to make assurance doubly sure: "You bet your bloomin' boots it is," he answered, spurting "a pint "of pang-essence over his shoulder. '"of?yer stiff, pal ! ?" I infterpreted"this to refer to nmy'tikedt, and gve it td him, and as I passed through the doorway ibe said, " -" "Roost w herd yoit like, loss' it's all one price, toffs or no toffs;" 'and accepting: the intitnation, I dose a place.at the side; ad took observations of the curious scene aromid me. At the farther end of the cellar, sohe barrels 'had i been placed' together and covered with boards which irepresented .the stage. The orchestra, a boy 'tith an ac cardeon, sat on one corner of this platforni, .nd the audience, to the number of thirty or forty, squatted on' gin cases, kerosene tins, casks and such like. The place was lighted up with candle-ends stuck in beer bottles, with here and there an oil lamp distributed about to vary the monotony. The specta tors were of either sex-in some cases it was hard to tell which-and conducted them selves with an entire absence of that cold etiquette which obtains so largely in the mansion of the aristocrat. Titus, while one young man would be gallantly reclining on his sweetheart's bosom, another would be imbibing common ale from a pannikin, and gently bantering the actors on the stage. There being no "wings" or dressing-rooms, the actors, after delivering- their lines, would step off the stage, and mingle amongst the audience, until called sui~i'by apimply faced youth, who acted as stage manager, call boy, and prompter, to "resuman their parts. I learned afterwards that there had been no studying from the book, the actors and a:tresses relying on what they. had picked up from hearing Miln, and filling in crevices' witl what had seemed most appropriate to them. There were no acts or scenes;, the performers skipping from' one" part to another just as the stage magager directed. Two or three rehearsals had given a Ieciuliar sort of regularity, but there wasn't. eiougli of it to bet on with any certainty. - On my entrance the stage was vacant; and the stage manager was calling on the ' star." "Chuck yerself around, 'Shortl',' the Ghost's waiting," he said; "yetrcan ave yer boose after'ds,'"and "Shorty," pitttin& down a bottle from which he lad been seeking'-in spiration, ran his dirty fingers tlhrbugh' his greasy hair, and swaggered up to the stage, while the manager said, "This yore is where 'tilet cops sight on ther bloomin' Ghost, so sling' it orf yei chest, Shlorty-yer knows 'ow to do it." ' "Shorty' was a bull-necked, flat-nosed individual, dressed in a Crimniean shirt, no collar, bell-bottomed trousers, boots: with high, narrow heels, and a red belt round his waist. Puftingtwo fingers'in his 'nouth, he drew them around his teeth,'and pulled out a quid of masticated, tobaccd, which he threw with considerablo'force against the wall, where It remained, while he, gazing at It solemnly, roared out, ini'a?oice strongly I aggestive of-" Any bottles to sehl -bottle he i! bottle ho !'-the. speech'shicsh;as a rule, starts with Angels and ministe rsof grace, defend us l' This is'" Shorty's " version: "Holy Smoke I here's'a go, take my word fir it. : wonder what the": Moses it; is. Here, say, old pal, what's yer. little g?'an, ehb S'help me, if it don't look like: ny.old man. Sling us some chin misi, old: party. What's yer moniker'! Well, you are. a rum'un an' no kid. Darn me, f I didn't think you iwas dead and planted long ago.' What sort, eh.. What'ri.yer givin' us? You know you ain't a-doin',the right thing, old man, a-comin' back on:a feller 'like this." The Ghost,whowasan enaciated youth ina blanket, in lieu of a sheet, I supposo, replied: tt"Shorty" thus: " . " Welle,yer see, Hmlt is like this.t I'm Ghost, yer see, an I've got t6 pad tle' hoof around 'ere every bloomin' night,' s e r scare the bloomin' lier out'of enny blokes as I meet.'' By Gosh! Ham.;?old pard, I' could pitch a cuffer if I liked that would knock yer dead-:to the .world in- one act. Say, 'ow did you ai'. yer..old man get along!" Hamlet: "Oh, rye buck, on'y for a tiff about the boose ndw'aiagin."? Ghost: ",Well -look 'ere .I'll tel ?er what. ,Yer uicle gaveyer 'oldman a dose of 'Rough oni Rats,' de sentt him' up thd uamlet" ' What NHiitk did l'S'lhelp me if I didn't thinlkit ua'im.'- He alliii was a wrong 'un."' 1 Ghost: "It as aa bitoff colo? fItell yer. Well, look'er Ha, yor ought 'to 'ave a smack at i'in yer know.- I'?ves;id 'im no 'arm; h.he hasd'tit nocallto go for me"loke that." 4 ::, "}: 1 : Ttsit you Hamlet:"' S'heln? de; f ye eye 't iti'old man, after all. eow're .:yer:i'i poppini' gufvnor? Come on" db'o i''ove'-i booseo," and amidst mucli a~hii"p@tlet two' go't off the stages and.'"ade:fdr a^ g -' cass whic eontained somebottles of Cololanl ale.. S"Now,: then, :.g:.' iT'tts, it's your torn,," saidtho mntiogger,'and a girl Who had been snigly trsc6niseod"instli arms of her lover jumped on' the "nlatfdrgnsand waited for her instrction . he'wounid have beens pretty if she had been clea'i, but she wtsn't, and-as sheistoodthero With: arms akimbo, and aknouwins5 leer on her face, I tthouglt ltere wass b? e fieldamongt her class for "lesale of soap, thbugh it would take a Con siderahle amouint'of advertising to make it popular. "" " . "Now~, M g.," aid the stoage omanagter, " Hamlet's gone of hIis pannikin, and 'has been trying to bluff yer into keeping com Pany with hhm? so let's have it." "Right 'are, '.Bill," this Coilingwood Oplhelin sa id, and then, facing the autlience, gavne us ler descriptios of Hamlet's mad ad dress to her, "Well, this is the trouble. I was up in mY room fiSn' up that blue skirt as I wears work, when IHamlet shoves open the door and comes in lookin' as if he was orf 'iq 'eoal ie just 'ad 'is shirt and pants and boots on, ,ttd thinks'I !'ere's a bloonin' game; Ham's been on the boose; I'd',Iettar look out for hold 6f' y p&ai; mid'staires at m, is if i-he antedto know meaggi, so Iips andeaysi SNWell; Hai;i' r'lliknow me aganin 'when yesee mi.:" 'hat's ycr game, sneakih' ito my room;likk this!' He never says nothin'; eo I'gdttbh'o' needle' bit; arind says" 'Yer'd bdtter slins er hookl young feller; sif the missis dtidser 'erc'there'l: be a bloosiibi' kow, I tell yer,' nd yer'll: get chdcked'"out 6o'yer car.' With hat he looks'atma lgaini tips'a bit"of bw?ink, ind tlinh s'neaks obit lookinh'is scared is' could :bl. " Myjtroubles on huii ; if'iildn't like to cart him round at a'iop".ani d Mg returned. t' thii ,mbrae' .it's 'have the dcove withthe- skull, msggested ?';spetator safter :Ophelia bhad been uomiilnsented. d '' -r. · ; .:,.1 :..1 Allright ioi Shorty"'hsaid'th manager aid Shortyc?aies on;, and having no 'skull;iipdstrdplhiseda beer -bottle thhs':" S"H& asn't'a baidisort, aw riik iwsn't. Mie an' "i' 'a' 'ad some games, I tell: yer. S'help me, it wais a picnic to see the way that bloke could .use 'is 'ands.:' Hewas . bloomin':daisy, any way yer'd take 'im.. He could do a jig, or trot out a ditty.with any on'em 'an' as for satin' ber;: ell.1 nheer "eeois ekeL .I se e'imr pt ;away long sleev ersby o the dozen, ai', b'lime if yert oul; choke im orf it. he was a wunner, he was, an', as I sea to Mag the day afore yesterd'y,. 'if Yawiick was 're now, .Mag, sea I, 'Id boose 'im up,'ses I, ' as long as 'ad abloom in' stiver in me kick,' an' so Iiwouldd,".with Phich generous assertion Shborty Hamlet made his bow, and once more mingled among the admiring spectators. .,. . "Now then;, Baldy, stir. yr pegs;" said the manager, "give, us another bit of; the Chost!'. -': ,, ,. ." Not me,"said the Ghost, who was about three parts gone in liquor. !'I'm orf the bloomin' game. It's too dry hash for me." i"Well, Mag, chuck us Ophelia's mad gag, won't yer! ". implored the manager. '" Taint good enough, Bill," replied Mag; "besides, Sam 'n me's going to sneak. There's a dance on at Birker's." "Here, what's yer game, Mag ?"' said Hamlet; stepping forward. "Didn't yer pro mise'to'go with me?" I " My troubles on yer,"' replied Ophelia, scornfully.'- " Go an' git Sal .Forbes. Sam 'n me's right enough, aint we, Sam?" " My colonial I" responded =Sam ; "look 'ere, Shorty, chuck it hup, or I'll cop yer qtraight." , ' " Yer'll cop me," said Hamlet; "put yer dooks, or I'll bang yer as yer stand.' Samdid put up his " looks," and the last I saw of the scene was Haiilet sprawling over the stage on top' of the orchestra, while Sam ferociously:swore all sorts of vengeance, and Ophelia,; seizing hold of a' beer-bottle, bran dished it over her head ; and, without wait ing for more,-Iomade-my:way out into the street and homewards, resolving in my mind as I went that there were certainly some points of difference between "Hamlet" from the idea of. the ."Forties;" and the same play from Mr. Miln's point of view. .. 