A FACE IN CASTLE PENMERE. Castle Irenmere was a twofold edifice. One portion was feudal, authentic, historical, and uncomfortable; the other had been re built, after a large fire, by the father of the present owner, Lord Penmere, who had simply given orders to his architect to carry out the idea of the primitive architecture, and allowed him to execute it after his own will. The result had been that two new turrets matched the two old ones; that mullioned windows and battlements of modern stones were joined with the antique battlements and windows; that, externally, the restored parts had never ceased to look like an impertinent parody of the first; and that internally, and for all purposes of habitation and comfort, they were immeasurably superior. The four turrets of Castle Penmere as it now stood were placed in communication with each other, on the first story, by long arched corridors, on which the principal bed chambers opened, surrounding a large square hall lit from the roof, by which access was gained, on the one side, to the saloons and reception rooms of the new wing, on the other, to the armoury, guard-room, disused chapel, and other interesting features of the old keep. Above the latter the space had been made available for secondary apartments, which were once the nurseries of the nmnerous olive branches of the Penmere household, and more lately had been given up to Cyril Penmere, the youngest boy, and his tutor, Mr. Fair 0 field. Thearchitecturalparody, somewhatdeserted in spring and summer, received a goodly company during the autumn and winter months, and the Castle was then as bright and cheerful as it was severely dull at other times. SLord and Lady Penmere had condemned f themselves to live nearly the whole year round on their estates in Cumberland, so as to be better able to provide for the establish a ment of their sons and daughters on their e limited means. They had succeeded, not without much management, some disappoint ments, and a great expenditure of diplomacy. s The daughters had married well-some for o rank, others for money, exceptionally one for a love. The sons had gone out into the world, and done bravely it the Army, the Church, r the Colonies: on orange and cattle ranges, or tea-growing at Assam; the heir, better still by marrying the only daughter and e heiress of an exceedingly wealthy sausage d manufacturer of Chicago, on whom he con ferred, with a title expectant, the privilege e of spending the paternal dollars in the best set o of London, where her Amr'onmisms were voted humorous and her twang racy. d Cyril, who was then fifteen, was too delicate for public school or University, and had to a be educated almost entirely at home. His last \- tutor was a young man of great ability, ex cellent manners, and gentlemanly bearing. s With all these advantages he had, from the e. first-and that was nearly two years ago withdrawn himself as much as he was able from the social amusements of Castle Pen mere, apparently desirous of remaining abso lutely within the limits of his professional duties, and politely but persistently declining any of Lord or Lady Penmere'sinvitations to join the general circle when the house was full. When not engaged with his pupil he spent p most of his time in his own roo?s in the i, north turret, where he had a bedroom and sit R ting-room protected by the thickness of the w- alls, the heaviness of the doors and a long 0 corridor, from even the echo of the bustle and animation of the rest of the Castle. Sur rounded by books and maps, he found ample n meanus of indulging his scholarly tastes; g moreover, Mr. Fairfield had undertaken to write the annals of Castle Penmere, with its y interesting legends, traditions, and half t forgotten history. a The previous autumn, Lady Penmere's i, widowed daughter, Mrs. Bellamore, had spent two monthsatthe Castle. Shehasdlosther hus band after three years of connubial indif ference; was childless ; and her bereavement n being already eighteen months old, and she herself only twenty-five, while the late Mr. Bellamore had been forty, fat, and pompous even as a bridegroom, she had arriv-ed at the exact moment when sa woman feels justified in laying aside the Last conventional shades of y perfunctory regret, and in subduing her mourning with such little touches as will at convey to the intelligent observer that she canl *s once mnore be looked upon as a subject of b hopeful personal interest. Sybil Bellamore was very beautiful. Hers a was a cold and stately beauty that was clearly incompatible with flirtations, archness, t or coyness; she had never taken, and never permitted, a liberty. The world called her haughty and ambitious; her parents, who knew how docile she had been in the matter t of her marriage, confidently expected that she would be as easily persuaded to barter the wealth left her by the rich Mr. Bellamore for a coronet, that would be more easily obtainable by the wealthy widow than by the a penniless Sybil Penmere. g A middle-aged nobleman, Lord Jimple more, appeared more than willing to second e the aspirations of Lady Penmere, and convert is her dreams into a reality. He had been n st.ying at the Castle during that first visit of \- MIrs. Bellamore, and instantly declared him Sself her devoted admirer: the course of his s mature affections was made to run on castrs; it all obstacles in the shape of enterprising e youthful adorers were vigilantly removed, n and every opOrtunity afforded for tlte-d-teit. wt with the fairhybil. Mrs. Bellamore, although d half carelessly, half smilingly suffering the f veiled congratulations tendered to her on the suit of Lord Jimplemore, had evidently,as yet, et either not brought the nobleman to a definite n proposal or, what seemed more probable, y successfully eluded it. In the meantime Mr. a Fairfield, in the north turret, remained unconscious of the comedy enacted in the new s wing, only meeting the brilliant actors therein ' for a few moments at meals, and receiving no n notice from Mrs. Bellamore, to whom he had to been hurriedly presented on the night of her s, arrival. One morning she was sitting, listless and t alone, in the deep embayed window of the e arsmoury, looking vagsely on the prospect hO beyond. Suddenly she rose, hurried to the d hall, caught up a cloak which she wrapped te round her, and, hareheaded, slipped out of * the front door. Hastily crossing the terrace and the lawn, she turned into a thick shrubbery on the left. She had not gone far when she saw Mr. Fairfield leaning against a tree. He held a book in his hand, but was not reading. Sybil did Snot appear surprised at finding the young t man there, and walked deliberately up to is him. o ' 'ow long have you been at Castle d Penmer, Mr. Fairfield?' she asked. 7 tSince last June, Mrs. Bellamore.' S ' What made you come here 5' ' Necessity and chance.' t' You did not control-- chancet' e 'No. Why should I? I had lost the a coveted opportunity of making a living in , Australia by lingering too long in London. I Sam poor'-he laid a very light stress on the d word-' and, unfortunately, a gentleman, whichmeans that I am not fit for much. I tried to put my University honours to some I use, and applied for a tutor a pl-e. 3My Sagent showed me Lord Penmere's proposals; I preferred them to others for the one con ditionthat I was expected to live entirely in 1 the country, which means away from London, Sfrom-women,' he added bitterly. ' Why don't you say from.te ' asked Mrs. SBellamore calmly. S'Well, yes-yoe. I had been a pre Ssumptuous fool, an egregious ass.' S' How so ' interrupted Mrs. Bellamore Iagain. 'You want to be told, do you? Well, I till tell you. Because I, Horace Fairfield, presumed to love the beautiful Mrs. Bella Smore; because Idaredto thinkthat she had I guessed at my love, and did not spurn it.' ' .lpr's ? said Sybil, in the same cold voice. 'I spoke to her: you know what she answeroe.5 I ' Yes; that if she married again she would ! lose her superb jointure, and become as poor I as you were-do not interrupt me, Mr. Fair Sfield. It pleased you to see in those words a [ proof of my cupidity; you raved, and, after much incoherent nonsense about the folly of Ssupposing that ina woman's eyesaloyalaffec. Stiotuwouldoutweighbagsofgold-yes,you said Sdaysj-you rushed out of my presence like a Smadman, leaving me free to suppose-' ' What?' ' Naturally that you loved me for my for Stune only-not for myself-and that my test had proved it.' The young man looked at her in dumb Sstupor; a great wave of colour rose to his forehead, and receding, left him very pale. Laying his hand on her arm, he sand, ' By Heaven, this is a lie !' then with a proud lifting of his head, headded firmly, ' and you know it, Sybil.' Mra. Bellamore remained motionless; gra dually a smile played onherlips and softened her whole face. Lifting her beautiful eyes to Mr. Fairfield's for the first time, she said: 'Yes, Horace, I know it. I knew you to be incapable of anything mean-I guessed what was in your thoughts when you did motretua to me; I had wanted to be sure of your disinterested love-that was all. You were too fond of me to drag me down into poverty -is that not so? It is all over now: you have punished yourself and me long enough; I am rich-will always be so. Well,' she continued, as the young man remained silent-' well?' ' There is nothing changed between us, Mrs. Bellamore. You are the wealthy widow, I the penniless tutor; I have let my chance of honourable independence slip by-I must not forgetit.' ' 0, the meanness of a man's pride! to gratify it, you would break a woman's heart. But you have not the right; you awe me some reparation for having humbled mine in seeking you out for this explanation; it is no longer in your power to make it useless.' Sybil thought she heard steps approaching ; she took Mr. Fairfield's arm and led him deeper into the woods. What arguments she used, whether she succeeded or failed in her persuasions, was never known. They returned to the Castle by different roads,'and henceforth exchanged no word together. At t'ie end.-f a week Mrs. Bellamore returned to London, and Lord Jimplemore was allowed to be her escort. They both promised to return to Castle Penmere the following autumn. In February Mr. Fairfield asked for a fortnight's leave to attend to some private business. On his return he informed Lord Penmere that, through the unexpected sup port of an influential personage, he had been promised the reversion of a lucrative director ship, to fall due at the end of the year, and that, in consequence, he was obliged to relinquish his duties at the Castle with the customary six months' natice agreed upon on either side. September came, and brought the annual contingent of guests; among them Mrs.Bella more, with no vestige of mourning in her elegant costumes, and a gentle, smiling condescension that boded good luck to the attentions of Lord Jimplemore, which had become even more pertinent than the previous year, and excited to fever- heat the enthusiasm of the numerous competitors who entered the lists with the amorous nobleman. Sybil again occupied her old rooms in the south turret, and from the projecting gabled window could see, when she retired for the night, a light burning in the corresponding easement of Horace Fairfield's study opposite. An imaginative wanderer passing in the darkness under the walls would have fancied that the rays falling from the two turrets ere a pair of watchful eyes on the face of the Castle, in mysterious expectation of some adventure. Mrs. Bellamore had ms opportunity of meeting Mr. Fairfield ; Cyril had been ailing, and his tutor left himbut little, taking his meals with the boy alone, and making the necessity of finishing the annals of Castle Penmere before his departure from England a reason for secluding himself entirely in his own apartments. One November day Sybil went out riding with a large party; her horse shied at a peasant's red umbrella, reared, and threw her. She was picked up insensible and carried home. On examination her injuries were found by the doctors to be of a less serious nature than had been apprehended; but the shock to her system and a severe strain would necessitate almost complete inlmobility for several weeks. After the first days she was able to lie on the sofa and read, but neither to write nor to receive visitors. The accident was all the more un fortunate that, shortly after it happened, a sudden accession was made tothehouse-party in the peron of a couple of maiden aunts, sisters of Lord Penmere, who, having volunteered their visit, naturally expected to be made doubly welcome. In consequence the housekeeper was put to her wits' ends, and a great shifting of rooms was imperative to secure suitable apartments for the elderly maidens-a difficult task to be accomplished without giving offence or causing discomfort to the first comers. Among the people already staying at Castle Penmere was a young man-Mr. Julian Fellows-who had never been asked before, but who had been recommended to Lord Penmere by one of the sons, and had arrived after Mrs. Bellamore's accident. He r was a cheerful, clever fellow, and an invalu 1 able acquisition in a country house. One rainy day he had explored the old part of the Castle, taken sketches of gateways, doors, arches, and lancet-windows, and in the evening had begged to be told all the queer stories of ghosts and supernatural agencies which must inevitably belong to so ancient a building. The next morning Mr. Fellows appeared at breakfast with a pale, troubled face; on being asked if he was ill he gave a confused answer, and when further pressed, consented to give an explanation on condition that it would be treated seriously. His manner excited general curiosity ; the promise was readily granted, and he began as follows : 'Last night, after leaving the smoking room, I went straight to my bedroom, and, 1 with my brain still filled with the strange Sstories relating to the Castle, I looked even more curiously upon my tapestryl-hung walls, my deepnarrow windows, and my oak nail studded door. Even after I was in bed I left the candle burning, so that the apartment was not in the least dark. Presently, just as I was thinking of putting it out I heard a faint rustling of drapery in the corridor, and almost immediately the door moved slowly inwards. I am not ashamed to say that I felt considerably startled and somewhat nervous. The door, which as it opens hides my bed, swung back, a figure dressed in creamy white glided ib, turned, locked it behind her, and turned again towards the interior of the room. A light which she held in her hand revealed a pale beautiful face, dark hair, shaded, but not concealed, by a fall of lace, and lustrous eyes beaming with excitement. Like one perfectly ac quainted with the room, the form glided r to the bedside, bent over me, and distinctly murmured the word " Darling !" then, with 1 a wild shriek, threw up her onurms, and, c dropping the light, fled. I slppose she t vanished through the door, but I could not Sswear to it; only if ever a man saw a ghost, I was that man last night.' SLord and Lady Peimere looked at each other. Some weeks before, they had heard that a maid pretended to have seen a strange t apparition in one of the galleries, but as the Sstatement had received no further confirma tion it hald been forgotten. An old friend l shook his head gravely, saying that certainly there used to be a ghost in the old building, but was frow-ned down by hisa hostess. All the others accepted young Fellows's story with that incredulous superiority lavished on supernatural adventures related by a third party, and one iaspiring barristerquietly suggested that if Fellows's nocturnal visitor had dropped hlier candlestick, by Jove! where was the candlestick! A group of sceptics proceeded to the young man's room, where he rehearsed the scene for them; the maids were summoned and cress-questioned forensicnlly about the light. One of them admitted that she had found the gentleman's candlestick on the floor in the morning, and thought he must have knocked it over in his sleep, and that it was a m?ry he had not set the place on fire. After this Mr. Fellows was mercilessly chaffed by the other m n. and looked at disparagingly by the wom n, who evidently suspected that the vision was involved out of the fumes of tobacco and b.-and-s. with which the young man had been impregnated in the smaking-room. Archie Fellowes, naturally a good-tempered young man, was roused to something like anger, and spent the rest of the morning in his rooms in high dudgeon. However, just bofore lunch he made his appearance in the drawing.room with a sheet of paper in his hand, and walking up to Lady Penmere, who sat by the fireplace surrounded by half-a dozen lad is and as many men, said to her a little excitedly, l'You all affect to laugh at me and dis believe me; I really think you fancy I was drunk last night. Well, I am a bit of a painter, you know, and I did not requre a second sitting from my ghostly model to enable me to reproduce her features: I shall never forget them; first, her lovely smile, then her terror. This is exactly how the appirition looked;' and he held up the sheet of paper, p:esnting to the audience a masterly sketch 6f a woman robed in white, with a hoodof lace half thrown back from her head, clear-cutfeatures, a proud sensitive mouth, and large tender eyes. A chorus of exclamations burst forth 'Sybil M . Bellamore! My daughter!' Lord Penmere strode up? to the artist. ' Are yon aware whoselikeness this is' he said angrily. Arehie Fellows remainedmute and confounded. ' Is this an unmannerly trick ' continued Lord Penmere. ' Once more, who is this meant for? ' It is my ghost of last night,' faltered the young man, embarrassed by the commotion he had caused, and who had never in his life seen iMrs. Bellamore. Lady Peumero rose hastily, and led the way to the dining-room; her guests, feeling uncomfortable, followed her. Lord Jimple more, who had only just come in, and was imperfectly grasping the facts, exclaimed loudly, 'Preposterous ! What the dickens could Mrs. Bellamore have been doing in the north turret P' It was the tutor's room which Archie Fellows ]lad occupied; he had been moved into it when extra accommodation had been required in the new wing; and for the last fortnight Mr. Fairfield had been sleeping in a dressing-room near his pupil. That same evening Mrs. Bellamore had a long conversation with Lady Penmere, and astonished her mother nob a little by the news she communicated to her, news of which she had postponed the telling till she could soften them by such additionalfacts as would make them more acceptable to her parents, but which the incidents just recorded had com pelled her to precipitate. As far as the world went she cared little for its blame or approval. Listen to me patiently, dear,' she began. 'Mr. Fairfield-' ' Pray what has your brother's tutor to do with you?' interrupted Lady Penmere severely. ' I beg you will not drag him into your affairs.' ' After what has happened yesterday, mother dear, I tust mention his name. I was married to Horace Fairfield last February -hush ! don't be angry. I had known and loved him before ever he came here, and but for a foolish misunderstanding-no matter, that is over now. Horace did not wish to marry a rich woman before he was himself independent; he-I-we-' and here Sybil hesitated and blushed-' well, it was no use waiting a year till he could enter upon his appointment in India, even if we made believe to do so, so we were married secretly up in London. 0, I know it was romantic and foolish; but you see, mother, I am twenty-six, and I never had any romance in my life like other girls. Before my accident I usedsometimes at night to visit my husband in the north turret; we had signals which we understood; his candle burning in his window at one told me I could come without danger. The other night, for the first time since the accident, I felt strong enough to attempt the journey to the north tower. I waited till at the usual hour the light burned clear. I came-you can guess that I found a stranger-instead of-' ' And that he painted your face, and others recognised it, youimprudent woman I That boy Fellows has shown your portrait to a score of people as that.of the lady who in vaded his room at night.' Sybil drew herself up proudly; ' Mother,' she said, ' both as your daughter and as Mr. Bellamore's wife, I have earned the right to be above suspicion and misconstruction. You may tell our friends-and I shall if you do not wish to do so-that in a month Mrs. Horace Fairfield leaves England with her husband-a bride of nearly a year.' Lord Jimplemoro thought the whole ex planation extremely odd, when it was given to him, in common with the restof thehouse party, by Lord Penmere, after Mrs. Bella r morm's departure, and congratulated himself that he had not proposed to a young woman who acted ghost in bachelors' rooms. Horace Fairfield never had occasion to repent that he took to his heart the Face in CastlcPenmere; but Archie Fellows has always regretted that the visit was not meant for him.-The WIForld. 