THE HOME. Pussy in thie Corner. Cats are suhj"oet to must of the diseases which llhict tim humann race, and will fr. qucntly " o.tch" a v Ieve eurm its siek mia tress or little playlmate. When a oat seeks a datk corner, negheicts ter toilet, and has a holt nore, otto is sick and, a trilling remedy now will preyvent omlr more serious diot:der. A city cat shculd have raw meat once a day, in the mornring. At night give her a hearty mcal of wartm bread and milk, or gravy in the place of milik. Alwayn ro mcmber a cat will neat rreest enything, if it bo warm and well moistened. Hlave milk[ or water where whoe call get it, and in a clean dish, for Mrs. Psoes i dainty, and will scon to drink dlut.coverrd milk or water as quiakly an you would. A country eat, wio has plenty ofoutdoors, should have meat twice a day, a picao as big as an Agg erach time, and cut into mouthtuls. Kidney or liver is their favorite,but too much of the latter or of o) ters nany caurce diarrl.tna. Thley murt have i[;?rs cund plenty of it; it it as ntcorear t to them na eal is to us. It would piy in tie city to raie grross and ant nip in a box for the:e pete, Should a cat be attached with fits or con vulsions, throw over her tt Irhawl or r:tg to prevent danRmg to hereodl or furniture; r whifL o ohlrtrorirrr, threr, rarnonir, or, Ilack inr thoee, all onioan reshly out, will often giro relier. Bhrould alto ontintluo to cry pito ousry, with eyes .vide open noi Rglaring,. pro teet the hanrds witth lovesr, grp betre firmly in tihe hawl and with a sharp pair of rireaors snip the etd of thie aere; a few drops of Ilood will be aullieicnt; let her stay in acool, daet? place, and for eLtvr,,l d), fol spnirringly with wnrm bread an lt milk. One of the mott valuable remedies for crats and omall degs is sweet oil. One hall table epoonful in their milk is seldom refused. In eases were poisoning is ?an?peted it is the best and certainly the ecoaict remedy. For inflamed eyes apply i wash of warm milk or weal boraxn and water. A oat will catch cold, enet ze, and have all the symptoms of influenza; gtrease the upper part of her note and administer one- half teaspoon of castoria or balsam; if she has a sore throat wrap it with a flannel wet nwith' Arabian Balsam and keep her away from the children. Cala with Littene ehould not be roughly. bandled or frightened, or shee will miscarry or Euffer during eonfinement.r Do not kill allt hor babiea; leave her at leat 'one until suhe time as it can rat otber food than its mother's milk. Should her kittens die and the mother uferfitrn aenwtled breasts' irub them with camphorated oil or even warm lard, and livo acouite and belladonna alter nately. Some people and. doctors nra ashamed to presoribo for oats, but, there can be no loss of dignity in elrch a bumane anot; SI'ussy will be a stlent ghost rliding through tba:hause,.or' ho willheat n',italtltltnt, ft. fetinonate filand(nlbta loveo likb a.dog), nao. cording as pqhe is naglectedt or loved and cared for' I cannot elode withnout a protest aaninst tho 'ruelly of leavitii~?acat to ':get its own liiitig'"'while the house in eloied during the summer months. OGivo her shelter, and pay the butohber and milkman to feed' her, if theois'lno friend or home where the can be artriod.4 