News Nuggets. HIOHEST WATER-POWER HEAD IN THE WORLD. Franco claims tho honor of utilising a higher water prossnro than that recently put in operation in the Chollar shaft on tho Comstock lode, in Nevada. At Brignoud, two kilometers from tho valley of Grèei vaudad, near Grenoble, a turbino9ft lOin in diameter was put dn operation in the year 1875, utilising a head of 1638ft. It is still working, and gives a force of 1500 horse powor, with a flow of 300 litres of water por second. MILLAIS, THE LONDON ARTIST.-Few people know that Sir John Millais first tempted fortuno as a gold diggpr in tho Australian colonies. Young John Millais some .thirty-five years ago caught the gold fovor, and, abandoning pro. tem. his career, as an artist, sailod for Melbourne Tho present Prime Minister (Lord Salisbury) was ono of his companions de voyage. But John Millais, although he roughed it bravely, and turned tho soil, over with all tho frenzied industry of the goldseekor, had in tho end to confess to disappointment. Ho put in throe months at tho diggings, and then returned a sadder and a wiser man to England. GOLD USED IN ARTS AND MANUFACTURES.-A correspondent has asked what amount of gold is used in arts and manufactures.-Various estimates havo been made as to the industrial consumption of gold. Mr. Fawcett, the economist, puts it at ¿£20,000,000 sterling. Mr. Piorpoint, who was examined by the American Monetary Commission, estimates the amount at ¿£10,000,000. Mr. Goschen, tho present Chancellor of the Exehequor, confiders the former amount to bo an extremely high figure, and more inclines to the latter. He considers that tho total may rango between ¿£5,000,000 and ¿£10,000,000, of which tho United States consumes ¿£2,000,000, Franco ¿£2,000,000, England and Holland ¿£3,000,000; while a considerable amount is" consumed by India. RUSSIAN LEAD MINES-Tho employment of lead in Russia is said to bo twice as great at tho prosont timo as it was five years ago. In consequence of this the Goyernmont has boen obliged, since the com mencement of 1883, to inforco the energetic working of the silver-load mines of the Altai, of Nertchinskst, of tho Kirghiz Steppe, and of tho province of Tevek. AB the product of several of these mines was found to bo greatly reduced, in consequence of their exhaus tion, new explorations have been made, in the hope of discovering frosh beds of lead oro; and these experi ments have met with the most complete success. Quite recently, in.the upper basin of the Kouban, and of the affluents of that river, beds of considerable wealth have been discovered. Tho richest is that of Catherininskoe ; and this to be tho first of the new lead mines to be worked. AN ELECTRIC CONCENTRATOR.-Experimenta are soon to be made in Pennsylvania with Edison's elec tric concentrator, the object of which is to concen trate the ore brought out of the mine, and to get rid of all dirt and earthy matter which interferes with smelting. A plant has been erected at a cost of I ¿£7000. The ore, after passing through a crusher, and being broken to the sizo of an egg, is dumped into a hopper, whence it paBses down an incline, near a powerful magnet, which is so heavily charged with electricity as to draw tho ore into one channel, while the earth, rock, &c;, pass through another channel to tho refuse pile. The apparatus has already been tested; and it is claimed that it will grea ly reduce the cost of smelting, and bring into uso ores which cannot now be worked profitably. WHAT Moscow PAYS FOR COPPER.-The Russian correspondent of MARTINEAU AND SMITH'S HARD WARE TRADE JOURNAL said : Although tho French Cop' per Syndicate has broken down, yet we hero in Moscow do not find that the price of copper is much cheaper as yet. Since last autumn the price of good copper in bars has been about 20 roubles a poud (361b Eng.) = circa ¿£124 per ton ; and a day or two ago it was offered at " the very low price" of 16 roubles per poud (¿£99 circa) per ton. About two years ago we had good copper for Ro. 8.50 per poud (= circa ¿£52 15s per ton). We hope that as soon as the navigation opens, and it will be possible to got copper from, abroad, the local dealers will be obliged to reduce their price. Here the whole copper business is in the hands of a very few msrehants, who keep prices up as long as possible. AMBER.-Amber is a fossil resin or gum which exuded from the wood and bark of pine trees in some past age of the world's history. In it are frequently found perfectly preserved insects which were without doubt entangled in tho mass while it was yet soft. Amber abounds at Samland,-- on the shores of the Baltic Sea, whero it is obtained partly by digging, and partly by the action of tho woves, which wash it out of its beds. It is susceptible of a high polish, and is therefore much used for ornaments, mouth pieces of pipes, button^, necklaces, &c.; It is an im portant ingredient of carriage varnish. The largest known mass of amber is in tho royal cabinet at Berlin ; it weighs 181b, and is of excellent quality. Two pieces of amber may be united by smearing their surface with boiled linseed oil, pressing them to gether, and heating tho junction for a little over a clear fire. (For continuation see " Latest Mining News.") Mrs. Brief (who has been reading an article on sleep in a health paper) : " John, is it best to lie on the right side or the left ?" John (a lawyer) : " If you are on the right side, it usually isn't necessary to lie at all." Mr. Jonathan Trump ; " What's tho matter with young Darlington ? He's going into the conservatory Avith Dolly Flicker, as pale as a ghost." Miss Penelope Peachblow : '*. Going into a decline, I take it, from what I know of Dolly." 