S r n m b a Hot. Theatre. Assembly only. Summer at last. A study from life. The air iB full of strikes. Kilkenny strikers struck. Cronin Jury,now complete. Another strike of juveniles. Maley concert on October 31. From dewy morn to dusty eve. Barometer at noon to-day, 29 '85. Haggis and Athol brose at supper. A pretty big girl twenty years ago. " Third-rail" policy this afternoon. 400 Darlinghurst darlings on Show. Sir Henry Parkes again to the front. The " May Queen" at the Port to-night. Stock Exchange second-best against Roaobw. Ferdinand ot Bulgaria gone to London. Kilts and tartan at the Town Hall to- night. Will the Town Qeik be in a gown or & kilt? • Read interview with Miss von Finkeltein. Astronomer. Russell has had another go at Egeson. Gold in considerable quantity at Mount Ogilvie. • Baby Show bids fair to be a howling jjuccess. ; Qrumbman would like to see His Worship in kilts. . > ; Mayor's ball to the Caledonian Society to-night, : " The Haymakers", at Albert Hall thiB. evening, Na,na; the Crumbman wean his-trews thenioht. The Eight Hours Bill had a narrow squeak last night. Skating notices in the Rink don't apply to the babies. - Bishop (Montgomery) of Tasmania arrived at Hobart. Blacksmiths' strikers at Hooker's true to : their name. Strikers on strike; want an advance of is 6d. per day. Land speculation even "round about Jerusalem." There are mothers and mothers at the Baby Show. Emperor William promises' a Bill to deal with Socialists. Ships unloading at the Port at a standstill for want of hands. Big concert in aid of Charles Maley in Town Hall 31st inst. Mount Morgan shareholders want a trans^ fer office in London. Local option t6 cost Geelougese £17,069 to close seventeen hotels. All under one roof—a Baby Show and a Young Women's Fete. Three years' fleeceon a sheep at Gerogery Station weighing 32 lb. New fire ladder tried by the Superintend dent yesterday—Good. Miss von Finkelstein has been advised to lecture at Broken Hill. Nothing to justify Egeson'e prediction, eays Mr. H. C. Russell. Mr. F. S. Sheldon, an English artist, wiH shortly-visit this colony. Distance does not lend enchantment to the view of colonial politics. New moon to-night at lib. 40m. Will the weather change, Mr. Todd 1 The Native of Jerusalem Bays she was a child twenty years ago—ya-as. - R. G. Wilkinson off to London to open a branch of the Bank of Adelaide. Shun idleness; it is the rust that attaches itself to the most brilliant metals. Mr. Chris. M. Bagot is the new Secretary of the Royal Agricultural Society. National Bank of Australasia dividend 13&. per cent, and a bonus of 2} per cent. Good results from the Blind School. Some of the workers can keep themselves. Mr. John Roach obtained the injunction against the Adelaide Stook Exchange. Sun rose at 5.10 a.m.; sets at 6,20 p.m. Moon rote at 5.6 a.m.; sets at 5.55 p.m. Mies Von Finkelstein'* farewell leoture, " Cradle, CTOBS, and Crown" to-morrow. Miss von Finkelstein was named after Lydia of Thyatira, " a seller of purple." Mr, Coates' family voted balance of late Secretary's salary by the Agricultural Society. Cockahoop Kaiser believes the peaoe of Europe will be maintained tor another year. Crowd of nnemployed at the Corner to-day —Shipowners and farmers crying out for help. If we had no defects, we should nottakB so much pleasure in discovering those of others. "Purple" means rich stuffs worn by wealthy people, the prevailing colonr being purple. Clarke and Farrell relegated to Pentridga .with twenty-four moons more .to wait for' liberty. Eight Honrs BQl passed its second readings It won't be law in time for this season'^ harvest, . London omnibus and tram employes agitating for shorter hours; some have been successful. Quotation for October 24 :— One wise thought is worth a thousand right hands —Euripidtt. ' We haven't so many goldfields in this colony that we can afford to shut up a promising one. We know the value of a fortune when we have gained it, and that of a friend when we have lost it. There is nothing to prevent an Australian army of 40,000 being brought together, says Sir Henry Parkes. Death of Sub-Inspector Martin at Gweedore haB resulted in ten prisoners being con victed of manslaughter. It is never the opinions of others that displease ns, but the pertinacity they display in obtruding them upon us. "Dog shows and cattle shows are useful, if not altogether pleasant; baby shows are neither pleabant nor useful." Has the Commissioner of Goldfields borrowed Playford's foot with -which to stamp out the Nichol's Nob Goldfield.' One bf the neatest things in the Maybrick agitation was the plea for a reprieve on account of her " highly strung nature." J.J's. Way and Boucaut say the Press lengthens litigation. But our Crumbman does not get a refresher like a barrister. A weapon is anytUagfthat oan serve to wound, and sentiments are perhaps tbe mpst cruel weapons man can employ to wound his fellow-man. It was on October 24,1604, that James VI. of Scotland was proclaimed King of Great Britain, Elizabeth having kindly made way for him by giving np the ghost. lady Jane Seymour, the third wife of Henry VIII, died October 24, 1537, a few days after giving birth to her son, afterwards Edward VL She was only twentyseven years old at her death, and had been a Queen only one year. Yet few could Seymour of Courtly life or seem more faithfully attached to her royal huBband. The Chinese appear at last to be getting alive to the faot that their adalterated teas won't go down. A proclamation has been issued by the authorities in Formosa advising the tea merchants not to mix dost with the tea and not to pack the tea in damaged boxes. Complaints of both thesepractices have been received from Amerioa. to which country the largest quantity of tea is exported, and the late falling off in the exports is attributed to them. That famous Danish astronomer, Tycho Brahe, died at Prague October 24,1601, aged 55\. Though he tried his level beBt to plaoe the earth aa a fixture in the oentre of the universe, the Copernicans wouldn't allow it. Belaboured hard to find tbe philosopher's etone, waa addicted to judicial astronomy., and was " in all things too superstitious," yet he was a man of great genius and of untiring industry. His Rudolphine Tables and his " Historia Ccelestia" prove this. 