MAIL NEWS. The Albany ton spond nt of the S M Iles iWielogiaphs from Albany) the following account the death of Prince Rudolph, 10 coined by the English mail under date 10th February) - HILL YEE CROWN PRINCE OF MRS R REA The mystery surrounding the death of the Crown Pi men of Aus this has given rise to many conflicting statements The following narra- tives supply details of the versions most widely circulated Rudolph had for the last three years at least been living in had ways His distqipointmenfc at not having a for first estranged him from his wife, and his subsequent infidelities completed the separation Gradually it became apparent that the Young pair, formerly to attached, were leading a eat and dog life The Prince, a man of slight build, nervous sympathetic temperament, highly imaginative and ex enable, took to excessive drinking He lost interest in his literary pursuits, as well as artistic studio s, and was always craving for excitement He did mad things when out bear shooting and deer stalking, ant was frequently soon with flushed face He took pleasure in loose society, in 1 became smitten with fondness for ghost stories and spuitnuhsm met the end was that he became haunted with fear that he might go mad, like Louis II of Bavaria He had an intrigue with a Biuoikhs Marie von Y Young a lady of 21 ye are, one of the beauties of Austrian society. Sho b longed to the old Cyoch family, and was the niece of a well-known Austrian sportsman The acquaintance between the baroness and Crown Prince began some months ago, and this increased the estrangement between Rudolph and Stephanie The Plates scarcely made any secret of his determination to obtain a divorce He counted confidently upon to ceiving assistance from the 1 emperor, on account of the disappointment experienced by his Majesty when the doctors certified that the Crown Princess could have no further is ne To the Crown Prince a surprise and disappoint- meet, the I emperor point-blank refused to countenance anything of the kind His Majesty professed himself, as he u doubtedly is, very much attached to the Crown Princess, and rated his son for his immortal conduct On Sunday, the 27th January, there was a terrible scene between the Prince and his wife, who threatened to return to her parents at Belgium. The Emperor told the Prince he would appoint him Governor of Bosnia, and oblige him to go and live at Serajevo. "There," he said, "you will have to load a reputable life, and there will be an end to all these scandals." At the name time the Emperor cautioned the Princess to be more patient with her husband. The Crown Prince was seen for the last time in public at the Princess Reno's reception on the name Sunday evening. He was then wearing a Prussian uniform, and seemed in a gay mood, though flushed somewhat and flighty. The next morning his father sent to him and repeated what he had said on the previous day, but with more peromploriness, adding that he would give the Prince a week to make a submission, and promise to lead a better life Rudolph got very angry, left his father without kissing his hand according to the Austrian custom, and striding away to his apartments, took off his uniform, put on a suit of shooting clothes, and sent notes to Prince W. Philippe of Coburg and Count Joseph Hayes, inviting them to join him at Meyerling for a couple of days' shooting. Soon afterwards he started for Mayerling in a two-horse cab, driven by a man named Bratfisch, a noted comic singer. On Tuesday night the Prince dined with Count Boyes, and steadied his nerves with a good deal of champagne. At first he was in very low spirits, but gradually brightened up, and after dinner Bratfisch, the cabman, was summoned to sing for him. The Prince, Boyes, and Bratfisch remained together till 3 in the morning, but during intervals bet tween Bratfische songs the Prince several times left the dining-room and went to his study to write letters, which were afterwards found on his desk. At 3 a.m. the company separated on the understanding that the Prince would go out shooting at 9 o'clock in the morning. From this point the stories differ, some making the girl who committed suicide, not the Baroness M., but another young lady of the Austrian aristocracy, of Portugese extraction and fierce temper. On the Tuesday afternoon, the day after the Prince's departure from Vienna, she had been out shopping with her aunt, and gave that lady the slip while they were in a ware- house together. On reaching Meyerlmg Bho insisted on seeing the Prince, and at the interview quite unnerved him. She stormed, wept, and declared her shame would soon become public, and ended by saying that unless the , Prince would take her openly under his protection, and elope with her for a few weeks, she would commit suicide. The Prince was so ; frightened that he dared not let the girl go back to Vienna alone, but proposed she should remain for the night at Meyarliug ; she was accordingly installed at the lodge of the head gamekeeper, a man named Qrathschaat. At night the Prince slipped out and went to the gatekeeper's lodge to see his sweetheart. At this hour the under keeper named Weedring was going his night rounds of the castle grounds. Weedring had orders to call the head keeper at 6 and at the hour appointed went to the lodge and knocked at the door, no was carrying a double-barrelled loaded gun, which was slung over his back, and suddenly, while he knocked at the front door of the house, he heard the window at the side of the house open and somebody jump out. Having no idea that the Prince was in the house he ran round. Seeing a man scampering away in the dark he shouted to him to stop instantly, and not getting an answer, fired. The Prince dropped, hit in the shoulder. AVoodriug hurried up, and the Crown Prince, struggling to his feet, gasped out, "I am Archduke Rudolph ; I am hit ; lead me to the Schloss." The Prince swooned just as he reached the window, where the girl whom he had left a few moments before was standing. AVeodring appears then to have called out in his distrac- tion that he had killed the Prince, upon which the girl withdrew in dismay, and swallowed the contents of a bottle of poison which she had brought with her. The Prince, recovering quickly from his swoon, ordered Wcodrittg to help him to walk to the Schloss, and gave him strict in Functions to. hold his tongue. The Prince then went home shortly after and was found, dead, drenched with blood, and lying half out of his bed with a revolver on the floor. From another account it appears that when the Prince went to Moycrling the Baroness Marie disappeared from home, leaving a note for her mother, in which she said she was wrong to drown herself. The fortified mother instantly went to Count Taaffe, the Austrian Premier, and the latter promised to cause inquiries to be made, and detectives were accordingly placed upon her track. They made the discovery that she was staying with the Crown Prince at Meyerliag. Tanffo conveyed this information to the mother, who, on Wednesday morning, the day of the suicide, went to the Emperor and laid the matter before him. On returning home the mother found another letter from her daughter, dated Meyer ling, in which the youthful baroness announced that she and the Crown Prince had resolved to commit suicide together. It seems that the Prince had promised her marriage as soon as he obtained his divorce from the Princess, and when he informed her that this was now impossible, owing to the Emperor's refusal to consent to the divorce, they resolved to commit suicide. This they did on the AYod novelty morning in the bedroom of the Prince. When Loseholl, the value to the Prince, on a creek the bedroom in the morning, after vainly knocking for admittance, he found the dead bodies of the lovers lying on the bed. Before calling anyone he carried the body of the Baroness into an adjoining room, so that without Prince Philippe of Coburg and Count II. Kyos, on being summoned by Leschen entered the bedroom, they only saw the body of the Crown Prince and naturally concluded it was a simple case of suicide, as was reported to the Emperor. On being informed of his son's death the Emperor at once suspected the truth and exclaimed, I " I would rather have lost a province than this disgrace should have befallen me." The Rome correspondent of the Daily News says he was able to loan the exact particulars of what occurred at the Vatican between the Holy See and IlipTinporial family at, Vienna on the occasion of Rudolph's death. The Pope received the first telegram announcing simply the death of the Prince, to which his Holiness himself wrote a reply of four lines, and this for him was an extraordinary thing to do, as he has the greatest difficulty in holding a pen. On the following day there came a long telegram from Vienna explaining the whole circumstances of the house, from which it appeared that there had been both a suicide and a duel. A difficulty therefore arose to decide whether the Archduke should have religious burial according to canonical law. Suicide being considered in the light of mad- ness a religious service is granted, but not for those killed in duel. A congregation of the cardinals was immediately called by order of the Pope to examine into the question. After a long discussion the cardinals came to the conclusion that only one deranged in mind could have entered into such a duel; and the natural consequence of the decision was that the necessary permission was granted. The Emperor received the news with the deepest gratitude, and telegraphed to the Pope flint in his great bereavement his Holiness had spared him the greatest grief. DISASTROUS COLLISION IN THE CHANNEL. A disastrous collision, involving terrible loss of life, occurred in the English Channel on Sunday night, 3rd February. The vessels concerned were the steam collier Nereid, bound from Newcastle to St.. Nazaire, and the sailing ship KiTloohan, which left Lyttelton on 1st October with a cargo of wheat for Queenstown. On reaching Queenstown the Killochan was instructed to proceed to London, and sailed accordingly on 1st February. She experienced very heavy weather crossing the English coast, and passing Beachy Head the steam tug spoke to them, and followed slowly on her port quarter up the channel, evidently hoping for the job of tugging her into the Thames. Meanwhile the Nereid was approach- ing down channel, and could be seen some considerable distance off on the starboard bow. The ships hold on till they were close. . Now comes the divergence of testimony. The men sailing the ship declare they hold steadily to their course, but those of the steamer declare that the ship did not hold true to the channel course, and that the tug. being almost abreast of the Killochan, the Nereid had the steamer to avoid as well as the sailing ship, and that this caused the _ accident. The steamer struck with a terrible crash. There was a rush of the crews to get out their boats, but before a single one could be launched from the wheal laden when) she heeled over on her side on which she had been struck, and went down within two minutes, while the steamer could launch only the boat before she followed her to the bottom in three minutes more. The struggles in the water were desperate. Every man fought for his life. Some were good swimmers, and struck out for what was wreckage, floating ; others sank helplessly in icy cold water. The crew of the tug Red Rose strove resolutely to rescue all who were to be found. The skipper, with some of his men, launched the boat and pulled about over the spot, picking up all they could see, while the steamer's boat brought most of her crew. The following are the names of seventeen men lost from the Kil- lochan : - William Manson, captain ; J. M'Leod, cook ; James Reid, carpenter ; William Anderson, boatswain ; Peter Palblo, John Roberts, Richard Young, Antonio Silva, John M'Cuagh, James Thomas, William Barrett, Oscason, able seamen : Harold Bell, ordinary seaman ; Peter McKenna and Robert Finnigan, apprentices ; Harry Newell, cabin boy. John Stevens, able seaman, died after he was picked up. The following eight were saved from the Killochan:-John S. Day, first mate ; Charles H. Smith, second mate : M'Iver, sailmaker ; Carl Anderson, Niven, and Frank Pain, A.B.; IT. Brown and J. Caddy, ordinary seamen. Six of the crew of the Nereid were lost, including the first mate. Another maritime disaster occurred in the Channel on the night of th February, attended with even more shocking loss of life. A large Glasgow barque, the Largs Bay, bound from London for Auckland, came into collision off' Beachy Head with a large four-masted steamer, and the latter vesselfounderedwithin a few minutes. So tremendous was the force of the collision that the bows of the barque were stove in, her bowsprit, jibboom, with all gear attached, together with mainstay, gallant mast, and mizzen topmast head all carried away, and the foremast was broken off short at the deck, killing an apprentice as it fell. The crew of the barque had, therefore, no time to think of the other vessel, their own immediate pressing duty being to clear away the wreckage which numbered her decks and made it almost impossible to move. The fore compartment was full of water, and a number of men had to work on the pumps. The steamer was seen settling down after the collision, and within eight minutes completely disappeared from view. There is little reason to doubt that the steamer foundered, and that not a soul on board could have escaped. The weather was thick with snow showers, a strong wind was blowing, and there was a heavy sea on. The vessels were close together before they could see each' other, and the collision followed within a few minutes of the first sight. Those on board the Largs Bay had time to notice that the stranger was a four-master, and from her size and the lights she carried concluded she must be a passenger vessel. The Largs Bay, with a huge rent in her bows, drifted slowly towards the Isle of Wight, and her signals were not observed until she reached a point sixty miles south-east of St. Catherine's. There her signals were answered, and she was towed into Cowes roads for £100. The Largs Bay belongs to Hatfield, Cameron, and Co., of Glasgow, and is an iron barque of over 2000 tons gross, classed 100 A1. There is no doubt entertained by Lloyds or by the owners that the steamer which was sunk off Beachy Head by the collision with the Largs Bay was the sea. Glencoe, of the Glen line, a vessel of 3000 tons gross. The Glencoe was not, reported passed Portland till at 1 p.m. on Monday, and son BeiuumtJy would have arrived just at the point of collision when the disaster took place, and she has not been reported since. She had no passengers, but carried a crew of twenty-nine British seamen and twenty-three Chinese. It is difficult to ascertain the exact circumstances of the collision. According to the statement made by the pilot, who took the Largs Bay to Cowes, the unknown steamer tried to pass be tween two sailing vessels going in opposite directions, when the collision occurred. 