CHAPTER XLL HOW CHB BIOHI WENT. Ueorge sat opposite to him, hla hands on hu knees, the red nightoap on hii head, and a oomioal expression of astonishment upon hii melancholy ooontenanoe. " Well," he «aid, when Harold had done, " blow me, U that ain't a master one. Ana jet there'* folks who say that there ain't no suoh thing as' Prowidenoe- not that there's Anything jprowided yet-p'raps there ain't nawthing then after alL " " I don't know if there is or not, but Tin going back to see, and I want yon to oomo with me now." " Now?" said Geotge, rather uneasily. "Why; Colonel, that bunt a very nioe spot to go digging abont in on a night like this. I nlver heard no good of that there place not as I holds by aioh talk myself," he added, V^ell," slid the Colonel, " yon oan do aa yon like, but I'm going back at onee, and going down the hole, too; the gas most be ont of it by now. There are reasons," he added," why. if this money is to be found at all, it should be fonnd this morning. To-day is Christmas Day. you know." "Tea, yes Coionel; I know what yoa mean. Bless yon, I know all abont it; .the old fiqnlre mnst talk to somebody; if he don't he'd bnst, so he talks to me. That CosBey's coming for ids answer from Miss Ida this morning. Poor young lady, I saw her yesterday, and she looks like a ghost she da. Ah, he's ft mean one, that Cosaey. Laryer Quest warn'i in it with him after alL Well, I cooked his goose for him. and I'd give stunmnt to have a hand in oooking that banker chap's too. Yoa wait a minute. Colonel, and Til come along, gale and ghosteises and alL I only hope it mayn't be after a fool's arrand, that's all," and he retired to pot on his boots, Presently he appeared again, his red nightcap still on his head, for he was afraid that the wind would blow a hat off, and oarrying an un lighted lantern in his hand. "Now, Colonel, I'm ready( sir if yoa be," and they started. The gale was, if anything, fiercer than ever. Indeed, there had been no an oh tempest in those parts for years, or rather centuries, as the condition of the timber by ten o'clook that morning amply testified. "This here wind mast be like that as the Squire tells as on in the time of King Charles, bb blew the top of the ohoroh tower off on a Christmas night," shouted George; bat Barold made no answer, and they foaght their way onward without speaking any more, for their voloea were almost inaudible. Once the Colonel stopped and pointed to the skyline. Of all the row of tall poplars which he had seen bending like whips before the wind aa he oame. along but one remained standing now, and as he pointed that vanished also. Beaching the summer-house in safety, they entered, and the Colonel sbnt and locked the. door behind them. The frail building was literally rooking in the fary of the atorm. VI hope the roof will hold," shouted George, bat fiaiold took no 4heed. He was thinking of other things. They lit the lanterns, of which they now had three, and the Colonel slid down into the great grave he had so indnstrionsly dog, motioning to George to follow. This that worthy did, not withont trepidation. Then they both knelt and stared down through the hole in the masonry, bat the light of the lanterns was not strong enough to enable them to make out anything with clearness, " Well," said George, falling back upon his favourite expression in hiB amazement, bs he drew, his nightoapped head from the hole, " if that ain't a master one, I niver saw a masterer, that's all." " What be you agoing to do now, Colonel ? Hev yon a ladder here ?" " fto," answered Harold. " I never thought of that, but I've a good rope : I'll get it.' Scrambling ont of the hole, he presently returned with a long coil of stoat rope. It belonged to some men who had been recently employed in cntting boughs off each of the oaks as needed attention. They undid the rope and let the end down to see how deep the pit was. When they felt that the end lay upon the floor they pulled it up. The depth from the hole to the bottom of the pit appeared to be about sixteen feet or a trifle more. Harold took the iron crowbar and having made the rope fast to it fixed the bar across the month of the aperture. Then he doubled the rope, tied some knots in it, and.let it down into the pit, preparatory to olimbing down it. But George was too quiok for him. For getting his doubts as to the wisdom of grop ing about Dead Man's Mount at night, in the ardour of his burning curiosity, he took the dark lantern and holding it in his teeth passed his body through the hole in the masonry and oautiously slid down the rope. " Are yon all right ?" asked Harold in a voice tremulous with excitement, for was not his life's fortune trembling on the turn? "Yes," answered George, in a doubtful voice, and Harold looking down oould see that he was holding the lantern above his head and staring at something very hard. Next moment a most awfal howl of terror echoed up through the pit, the lantern was dropped upon the ground and the rope oommenoed to be agitated with the utmost violenoe. In another two seconds George's red night cap appeared through the hols followed by a face that was literally livid with terror. "Let me up for Goad's sake," he gasped, " or he'll hev me by the leg!" "He! who?" asked the Colonel, not with out a thrill of superstitious fear-as be dragged the panting man throngh the hole. Bat George woald give no answer until he was through the hole and oat of the grave. Indeed had it not been for the Colonel's eager entreaties, backed to some extent by actual force, ho would have been out of the summer-house and half way down the mount by now. "What is it?" roared the Colonel in the hole to George, who shivering with terror was standing on the edge thereof. " It's a blesBed ghost, that's what it is. Colonel," answered George, keeping his eyes fixed upon the hole as though he momentarily expeoted to see the objeot of bis fears emerge. " Nonsense," said Harold, doubtfully. " What rubbish you talk. What sort ot a ghost?" "A white nn," said George, "all bones like." " All.boneB ?" answered the Colonel; " why it must be a skeleton." " I don't say that it ain't," was the anamr, ''bat if he be he's seven fool high, and sitting airiogof hiseelf in a stone bath." "Ob, rubbisb," said the ColoneL "How can a skeleton ait and air himself t He would tumble to bits." "I don't know, but there he is, and they don't call.this place' Dead Man's' Mount* for nawthing " " Wei',"®sW the Colonel, atgnmentativBlf, "a skeleton is a pyfeatly parmlnHs thing." "Yes, if tele's dead ma^be, sir,,but this one's alive: I saw him nod his head « me." "Look here, George," answered Harold, feeling that if this went on muoh longer ha should lose his nerve altogether. I'm not going to be soared. Gieat heavens, what a gnst! I'm going down to see for myself." " Very good. Colonel," answered George, " and rit wait here till you oome op again thatisif yoaiverdn." . , . Thrioe did Harold look at the hole tad thrice like false Sextos did he shrink took. " Come,'' he shonted angrily, "don't be an infernal! ool, get down here and hand me tha U&tern.;" George obeyed with evident trepidation. Then Harold got through the hole and with many an inward tremor, for there issoarpely amanontHe'faoeof the earth who is really free from supernatural fears, descended hand over hand. Bat in so doing he managed to let the lantern fall and it went out. Now as the reader will probably admit this was exceedingly trying. It is not pleasant to be left alone in the dark underground in'the company of an unknown " spook." He had some matches, bnt what between fear and cold It was some time before be coald seta light. Down in this deep plaoe the nsh of the great gale reached his ears like a flint and msianoholy sighing, and he heard other tapping noises, too, or he thought he did, noses of a creepy and unpleasant nature. Would, the matohes never light T The ehili and death-like damp of the plaoe atruok to hit marrow and . the oold sweat poured from his brow. Ah ! at lutl He kept his eyes steadily fixed npon the lantern till fad'had lit it andit was 'burning up brightly. Then by an effort he lifted bis eyes and looked round him. And this is what he saw. There three or four paces from him in the centre of the ohamber of Death sat or rather lay a figure of Death. It reclined in a stone chest or ooffin, like* a man in a hip bath whioh is too small for him. The bony arms hong down on either side, the bony limbs projecting towards him, the great white skull hung forward over the massive breastbone. It moved, too, of itself, and as it moved the jaw bone tapped against the breast and the teeth clacked gently together. Terror seized him while he looked, and, a* George had done, he turned to fly. How aould that thing move its head ? The head oaght to fall off; Seizing the rope, he jerked it violently in the first effort of mounting. "Hev he got yew, Colonel?" sung out George abovet and the sound of a human voice brought him back to his senses. "Ho," he answered as boldly as he could, and then setting his teeth, turned ana tottered straight at the horror in the chest. 0e was there now, and holding the lantern straight against the thing, examined it. It. was a skeleton of ennrmoas size, and the skull was fixed to the vertebra with rusty wire. At this evidenoe of the handiwork of man his 'fears almost vanished. Even in that company he oould not help remembering that it; is soaroely to be supposed that spiritual skeletons carry about wire with whioh to tie on their skulls. With a sigh of relief heheld up the lantern and looked round. He was standing in a good-sized vault or ohamber, built of rubble stone. Some of this rubble had fallen in to hu left; but otherwise, thongh the workman ship showed that it must be of extreme an tiquity, the stone lining was still strong and good. He looked upon the floor, and then for the first time jteroeived that the nodding skeleton before him was not the only one. All round lay remnants of the mighty dead. 1'here they were, stretched out in the form of a circle, of whioh the stone kist was the centre. * One plaoe In the cirole was vacant; evidently it had once been oooupied' by the giant frame which now sat within the kist. Next he looked at the kist Itself. It had all the appearance of one of those rude stone chests in whioh the very ancient inhabitants of this island buried the ashes of their oremated dead. But, if this waB so, whence oame the nnoremated skeletons ? Perhaps a subsequent race or tribe had found tne chamber ready prepared, and used it to bury Borne among them who had fallen in battle. It was impossible to say more, especially as with one exception there was nothing buried with the' skeletons - which would aasist to identify their raoe or age. That exception was a dog. A dog had. been placed by one of the bodies. Evidently from the position of the bones of its master's arnu he had been left to hiB last sleep with his hand resting on his hound'e head. Bending down, Harold examined the seated skeleton more olosely. It was, he discovered, accurately jointed together with strong wire. Clearly this was the work of hands whioh were born into the world long after the'flesh on thoBe mighty bones had oriimbled into dust, * At Bumgay, in Suffolk, there recently stood a mound er tumulus, on which was built a windmill. Some years ago the windmill was pulled down and tUe owner of the ground wishing to bnlld a bouse upon the site. »ct to work to cart away the mound. His astonishment may be conceived when he found in the mound a great number of skeletons arranged In elides. These skeletons were of large size, and a gentleman who saw them informed me tbat be mea sured one. It was over Beven feet Ugh.'' The bones were, unhappily, cartedaway and thrown into a dyke. But no house has been built upon the site of the resting-place of those unknown warriors.-THE AUTHOR. (To bt continued.] 