ABERDEEN-STREET BAPTIST SUNDAY SCHOOL. Special serviced of an interesting character, conducted by the Rev. Samuel Chapmao, <>f Melbourne, were belli yeeterday at the Mechanics' Institute Hall, in connection with the thirty-liftli anniversary of the Aberdeen* street Baptist Sunday School. An attractive and almost picturesque appearance was imparted to tha interior of the hall by hind* Boina floral decorations, and a display of appropriate texts and bannerettes, At the three services, and particularly at that held in the evening, the congregations were very large, and comprised, besidea the Baptist denomination, members of several of the other churches iu tho town. The leading attraction ivna, of course, the presence of Mr Chapman, whose vigorous and eloqceot sermons always eeenre for him more than ordinary attention. In the morning the rev. gentlemen preached from the text iu Matthew, ISth chap. 10th ver.—"Take herd that yon despise not one of these little ones ; fur I say unto yen that in Heaven their angels do always behold tho face of my Father which is in Lleaven.'' An instructive disoourso to the childrou on tho subject rf Panl'a last letter to Timothy, was given in the afternoon, the preacher oxhortiug tho youog peeple to study the truths and toaohinga of the Bible. At the evening service Mr Chapman de* livered with characteristic power a sermoo on the well-kuown text—"'Go ye therefore and teach all natione baptizing in the name of tho Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost '—from Motthew 20th chapter, 19:h vorse. The sermon was ohiefly in« teudod for the guidance and encouragement of the teachers. A series of ipeclal bymos was rendered at each service, the singers being conduoted by Mr Broadbent, of Mel* bourne. Miss Purnell played the organ, and Miss II. Vinos the pianoforte aeoompanimenti, and In addition thoro was an orchestra under tho condnctorsbip of Mr Stainsbyi Collections were made in aid of the funds of tho new infant sohoolroom connected with the Aberdeen- street ohuroh. Thia evening the Snnday school scholars and choir will give, in the Mechanics' Hall, Root's cele* brated " Under the Palms," wbioh wae so sucsesafully rendered by them abont fonr years ago. Mr Broadbent, who hsi been 10 very encoesafnl in his tuition of the children, will, as usual, fill the post of conductor, and tho instrumental mnsio will be enppiied by a full orchestra. Tho performance is adver tised to take plaoe at half-paet sevin o'oloek. 