Ulte MOBBED BY MONKEYS. The jungles of the Umballa district, .Central India, are in places swarming with wild monkeys. Generally^speaking, the monkeys are timid and harmless, and take to the trees when they eee a human being. Along the highways, however, they have become accustomed to the eight; of people, and are much bolder ia their dcu'.'auaur.j Here they scmetimc-B scarcely thick Li worth while to move out of the way for the native, find the eight cf a European with his white face eeta them to making grimaces &ad; chatteriug cscitedlv. The monkey i3 held sacred by the Hindoos, and they are never harmed or in any molested by them ; in fact, almost every tha British garriEons, however, have _ scrupleB about shooting the sacred anthropoids. From some cantonments every day sees soldiers cut in the juggles on shooting leave, their cbief sport biiu^ monkeys. One dc* in the wiutsr ot 1S32 two non-commissioned officers of the regiment stationed at Umballa, obtained tour days' shooting leave and struck out into the jungle. Twenty miles from the cantonment was tte bungalow of a Scotch civil engineer vfho ra in charge cf a section of the famous Jumna Cenal. ThiE gentleman's bungalow the two sportsmen expected to reach sometime during the second day, remain there ovar night, and then shoot their way leisurely through the jangle back home again. The intermediate uight, both coming and going, wa3 to bs passed in a little native viiiage occupying a rice-clearing, The officers met with _ sport oh the way, and had got within a miie or so of tbe outskirts of thiB clearing when they found themselves in a section of jungle thai was literally swarming with monkeys. The pcepul trees were full of jabbering, blackfaced apes, and the bushes and caue-brakes were fully alive with them. Long strings oie behind another, in Indian file, romped along the narrow bollock trail that they vrerfe'following, their impish faces looking back over their shoulders at the white intruders. The monkeys seemed to be getting undaly bold and familiar, and witn the idea of scaring them off, the Englishmen banged away at them right and left, knocking several of them over. To their astonishment, however, they found that this usually successful method seemed to have a contrary effect. Instead of dispersing and making themselves scarce, the monkejs beceme greatly excited at the noise of the guns and the sight of r their fallen and wounded companions. If the ungle seemed alive with hundreds before it was evidently peopled now by thousands. Every tree and every bush seem crowded with monkeys, screaming, chattering, and making grimaces at the two sportsmen. The monkeys leaped with angry crieB from, tree to tree in droves, scurried through the jungle in long files, showing their white teeth and squeaking angry defiance. Far and near the jangle rescunded with their cries until the other Gfiicee could hardly heir the sound of their own voices. More and more monkeys seemed to be coming from every direction. The Englishmen now began to apprehend danger. Although such a thing as wild monkeys attacking human beings was rarely heard of, it waB evident that the angry regions of anthropoids intended mischief cow if never before. The situation was alarming to sav the least. There is no animal so active as"a monkey in his native jungles, and large droves of them are feared and dreaded even by the wild elephants and tigers. The sportsmen hurried along towards the village in the hope of leaving the swarms of monkeys in the rear; but their troublesome thieateners were not to be so easily shaken off. They seemed to be getting angrier, and from the branches overhead commenced to fling down pieces of dead wood. The bullock-trail behind was filled with an excited crowd that appeared to be working themselves into a frenzy by making terrific leaps up and down, and giving utterances to hoarse grunts and angry squeaks. Remembering the effect of their last shots, the sportsmen thought it advisable to pre serve their ammunition for a time when thev might, peradventure, need it to defend their lives. Evesy minute the attitude of the monkey mob became more bold and threatening ; missiles came in showers from the treetops, monkeys leaped and bounded through the bushes close around theai, evidently screwing up their courage for a direct attack. Once the soldiers charged with clubbed guns among the mob that was following them at the distance of bat a few yards. For a few minutes they sncoeeded in dispersing ;the rabble, bui both were badly bitten in the fight, and before they had gone a hundred yards iho hubbub_ at their heels was more angry and threatening than ever. Repeatedly they had to tarn round and make feints at their assailants to prevent actual attack, and still the active army in the trees made matters decidedly interesting from that direction. It was evident that matters were coming to a crisis, and the officers began to be seriously alarmed for their own safety. They were still more than half a mile from the clearing, and about twice that distance from the village. Every moment they expected the monkey mob to attack theia In force, when, with suoh overwhelming number?, tbey would in all likelihood be literally bitten to death. _ In this dilemma they were almost sfr tb^-- vits end for a measure Oi seir-prot6ctfon. Against almost any other form of assailants there would have been a ready refnge in the trees, but with monkeys they would have been far worse off than on the ground. Yet something must be done, and in very Bhort order to. At this time they reached a big banyan tree with a hollow trunk. The hollow was large enough to admit both and protect them from the rear, and it was open front, Secure from rear attack, it was not much trouble to keep the enraged monkeys at bay. They were not now in any immediate danger, and the situation developed in a regular siege. The officers were without food or drink, and the intense heat had prodcced both thirst and fatigue. Dusk was settling down over the jungle, no assistance was likely to arrive, and the monkey mob had taken possession of the banyan, watching eagerly for the opportunity to harass and assault the intruders anew. Now the Englishmen could use their rifles with good effect, for after the first few minutes the monkeys had ceased trying to attack at close quarters. They had plenty of amunition, and before darkness closed over the strange scene they literally strewed the ground with dead monkeys. The slaughter cDused intecse excitement among their fellows. Tbey chattered and grunted horzibly at every shot, and menaced their prisoners from the branches. But their rage was impotent against the sportsmen in their retreat. All night long the monkeys kopt up the siege, making night hideous with their cries, and when the morning dawned they were Bti 1 ! on hand, apparently as determined as ever. The prisoners had kept watch by turns through the night; each had slept an hour or two in a sitting position, bat thirst snd_ fatigue now bore heavily upon them. Their chief hope lay in tiring out the patience of the monkeys, or in atracting the attention of the villagers a mile away. To this latter end they fired their rifles simultaneously several times, and kept up their warfare upon the monkeys. At every crack of their guns a dead or wounded monkey would come toppling to the ground, but the untersified survivors showed no disposition to flee the field. Several times the sportsmen ventured from their stronghold a short distance, but they were always compelled to beat a hasty retreat. Every time they sallied forth the monkeys came swarming down from the branches of the banyan, in which there seemed at least a thousand. Thus the morning passed away, high noon arrived, and co signs of relief. Their situation was becoming desperate, their thirst had developed into torture, but happily, relief was now Eoon to come. It was about 4 o'clock, when in reply to their shots, they at length heard shouts. Their own throats were too parked to shout in response, but they shot off tx itir rifles. Ten minutes later villagers appeared on tbe scene. Strange to say, the monkeys allowed the desky Hindoo ryots to approach without exhibiting undue excitement. The superstitious natives were shocked and terrified at finding the ground strewn with tbe carcasEes of not less than fifty sacred monkeys, but they quickly comprehended the situation. They were only too glad to be of assistance to the sahibs under such trying circumstances, and had little difficulty in rescuing them and leading the way to the village. They had to abandon their trip to the Scotch engineer's bungalow, however, for the monkeys had fairly stolen one day out of their four days' leave. On the following day a party of natives escorted them through the monkey-infested portion of the jungle, whence they made their way back to the cantonment without further misadventure.— A'eio York Advertiser. First Wife: "Why did you have your husband cremated 1" Second Wife: " He swore he would haunt me. Now let him haunt." QCITE USFD TO BAD SPIEITS.—A story is told of a shrewish Scotchwoman who tried to wean ber husband from the dram shop by employing her brother to act the part of a ghost, and frighten John on his way home. " Who are you ?" asked the guidman. " I'm Auld Nick," was the reply. " Come awa', moD,' said John, nothing daunted. Gie's a shake o' your hand; I am married to Jt sfeter o yours," ~ "" 