THE DEATH SHIP. A STRANGE STORY. AN ACCOUNT OF A CRUISE IN THE FLYING DUTCHMAN, COLLECTED FROM THE PAPERS OF THE LATE MR. GEOFFREY FENTON, OF POPLAR, MASTER MARINER. BY W. CLARK RUSSELL, Author of 'The Wreck of the Grosvenor,' 'The Golden Hope,' &c.;, &c.; [All Queensland Rights Reserved.] CHAPTER XXII.--IMOGENE AND I ARE MUCH TOGETHER. The storm blew with steady fury for six days, driving the tall fabric to leeward to a distance of many leagues every 24 hours, the course of the drift being, as I should suppose — for it was impossible to put much faith in the compasses —about south-east by east, the larboard tacks aboard and the ship's "ratching" nothing. It was so continuous and heavy, this gale, that it began to breed a feeling of despair in me, for I felt that if such weather lasted many weeks it would end in getting us so far south that we should be greatly out of the road taken by ships rounding the Cape, and so remote from the land, that should Vanderdecken desire to careen or water his vessel, it would occupy us months to fetch the coast, so that the prospect of escaping with Miss Imogene grew small and gloomy. But Imogene was never in the least degree discomposed. She was so used to the ship that its movements were to her what the steadiness of dry land is to other women. She seldom came on deck, however. Indeed, the gusts and guns were often so fierce— coming along like thunderbolts through the gale itself — that anyone of them catching her gown might have carried her light figure overboard. Moreover, 24 hours after the gale set in, it drew up thick as mud; the horizon was brought within reach of a musket shot; and out of this thickness blew the rain in straight lines, mixed with the showering off the heads of the seas; the sky hung steady, of the colour of slate— no part lighter or darker than another, but so low that it appeared as if a man could whip his hand into it from our masthead whenever those reeling spars came plumb. As it gave me no pleasure to linger on deck in such weather, you may suppose that Miss Imogene and I were much together below. Often a whole morning or afternoon would pass without a soul entering the cabin where we sat. Whether Vanderdecken was pleased that Imogene had a companion — a fellow countryman, with whom she could converse, and so kill the time, which he would suspect from her recent fit of weeping hung heavily on her spirits; or that, having himself long passed these marks which time sets up as the boundaries of human passions, he was as in- capable of suspecting that Imogene and I should fall in love, as he clearly was of perceiv- ing the passage of years; it is certain he never exhibited the smallest displeasure when, per- chance, he found us together, albeit once or twice on entering the cabin, when we were there, he would ask Imogene abruptly, but never with the sternness his manner gathered, when he ad- dressed the others, what our talk was about, as if he suspected I was inquiring about his ship and cargo; though if, indeed, this was so, I do not doubt the suspicion was put into his head by Van Vogelaar, who, I am sure, hated me as much because I was an Englishman as because our panic-stricken men had fired upon him. It takes a man but a very short time to fall in love, though the relation of the thing, if the time be very short, is often questioned as a possibility, sometimes heartily laughed at as an absurdity, when deliberately set down in writ- ing. Why this should be I do not know. I could point to a good many men married to women with whom they fell in love at a dance, or by seeing them in the street, or by catching sight of them in church and the like. I have known a man to become passionately enamoured of a girl by beholding her picture. And what says Marlowe:— Whoever loved that loved not at first sight. Depend upon it, when passion is of slow growth and cultivated painfully, you may suspect a deficiency somewhere. Either the girl is not delightful of face and shape, and her virtues and good qualities are hard to come at, or she is a tease and a coquette, and in a manner of speaking puts her foot down upon a man's heart and prevents the emotion there from shooting. There will be something wanting, something wrong, I say. Association may indeed lengthily induct one into a habit of affection; but the sort of love I have in my mind springs like a young god into a man's in- telligence from a maiden's eyes. But whether this swift passion is more lasting than the affection that is formed by a slower mental process, and which of them is the safer to trust to, is no riddle for such as I to bother over. And in sober verity I am sorry to have been led into these remarks, which certainly should be omitted, if they were not necessary as an apology. For the truth must be told, and it is this. That the very first morning I met Imogene I fell in love with her beauty, while the long days of the storm which threw us greatly together confirmed the first movement of my heart by acquainting me with the extraordinary sweetness, innocence, gentleness, and purity of her nature. These qualities, unlike the en- chanting hue and brightness of her eyes, the golden falls of her hair, and her many other fairy graces, were not quickly discover- able, but they stole out during our many conversations— who that has been to sea knows not how speedily character is discovered on shipboard?— and I say that before that gale was ended, I was so much in love with thin fair and tender girl that I could have laid down my life to serve her. In this time our conversation was about all sorts of things— her parents, her home, her childhood, the loss of her father's ship, the friendless condition she would be in on her arrival in England, should I manage to deliver her from Vanderdecken. Though when she came to that, I begged her to dismiss her fears at once and for ever, by assuring her that my mother would gladly receive her and cherish her as her own daughter, having but me to love, who was always absent. At which a faint blush sweetened her cheeks, as though she suspected what was in my mind; but I was careful to hurry away from the subject, since I did not wish her then to suppose I loved her, for fear that, not having had time, as I believed, to love me, she might fall into a posture of mind calculated to baffle my hopes of carrying her away from the Braave. I told her all about myself, of the famous Fenton from whom I descended, of my voyages, of the Saracen, whose passage to India I feared would have an ill issue now that she had met the Dutchman, and I talked again of Captain Skevington's amazing, and, as I supposed, accurate theories touching the living-dead who navigated this ship. She had much to tell me of Vanderdecken and his ship; of unsuspecting vessels they had fallen in with, which had sold them tobacco, butter, cheese, and the like; of others that had backed their topsails to speak, then taken fright, and sailed away in hot haste. I asked her if it was true that the captain hailed passing ships for the purpose of sending letters home. She answered no, it was not true. That was the general belief, as she had heard from her father; but as Vanderdecken did not know that he was cursed— as he went on year after year, firmly believing that next time he should be successful in rounding the Cape— why should he desire to send letters home, more particularly as he regarded the Braave as one of the swiftest vessels afloat? She added, "I have never seen him write a letter, and I am certain he has never endeavoured to send one." "But if he finds a ship willing to speak, he will send a boat?" "Yes, always; but merely for necessaries of which he is constantly in want. Now it is tobacco, another time it will be spirits. Some few weeks since we met a ship, from which he purchased several cases of marmalade and some hams, for which Van Vogelaar paid in coin that scared them, when they put the age of the money and the appearance of this ship to- gether, for they threw the mate overboard, and instantly made off." "I suppose Von Vogelaar could not be drowned?" said I. "No," said she; "he, like the rest, has no other business in life than to live. They had put the hams and marmalade into the boat, and when they threw him in the sea he swam very quietly to his companions." "What was the ship?" I asked. "A Spaniard," she replied. "After they had put the ship before the wind, I saw a number of them on the poop on their knees; cross- ing themselves." "I cannot understand," said I, "why this ship should be termed a Phantom. What could be more real than these timbers and the re- quirements of the people who navigated her?" "Besides," exclaimed Imogene, "if she is a Phantom, how could Vanderdecken write those letters in her which he is supposed to desire to send home? If you have a real letter, such as a person can put into his pocket and deliver, you must have real material to produce it — ink, pens, paper, wafers and something hard to sit upon, or kneel upon, or write upon." "Certainly!" said I. "Of a Phantom the whole must be phantasmal. Suppose a ghost dressed, its attire must be as unsubstantial as the essence it covers." "The truth about this ship is not known," she continued, "and it never can be known, because her influence is dreaded. Vessels on finding out her character fly from her, and those who sell to her unsuspectingly pass away without giving her farther thought." "Or," said I, gloomily, "perhaps are never more heard of." In this way would we talk; and you may conceive we were at no loss for topics. Once she came into the cabin dressed in the pink dress with the high waist, and very sweet did she appear. But I said to her that of all the apparel she had shown me, nothing pleased me better than the black velvet jacket in which I had first seen her; and thereafter she con- stantly wore it. In short, the clothes Vanderdecken had stocked her cabin with, including much fine linen, lace, collars, long gloves, shoes of several colours, and the like, were such as to suggest a costly theatrical wardrobe by reason of the variety of styles, representing fashions from the middle of the seventeenth century down to within 20 years of the time in which happened what I am here relating. It has been already explained how those things were gotten. You have only to consider that this ship sailed from Batavia in 1663 with a large stock of dresses, linen, jewellery, plate and so forth in her hold, besides her cargo, which stock Vanderdecken, in whom there must still work the thrifty in- stincts of the Hollander, just as he has suffered to love his pipe and bowl and pine for both when the tobacco and spirits have run out, had replenished by appropriating such wares, trea- sure and apparel as he had a fancy for out of the ships he encountered abandoned at sea or cast away upon the African coast. Besides having all these strange and often sumptuous articles of attire to show me and talk about, Imogene had a great deal to tell me concerning the weary years she had spent in the vessel, wondering how her life was to end, how the was ever to get to England, or to any other civilised country, if Vanderdecken refused to let her leave him, because of his fatherly affection for her, and his conviction that he was homeward bound and only temporarily delayed by the north-west gales which beat him back. She said that after a time she began to fear that she would lose her own language and be able to speak no tongue but the ancient Dutch in which Vanderdecken and his men conversed, to preserve herself from which calamity she regularly perused the collection of English poetry that the captain most for- tunately had among his books. Her grief was that the book, instead of poems, was not the Holy Scriptures, but she knew many prayers and hymns her mother had taught her, and these she never omitted reciting morning and night. I remember asking if she knew what religion Vanderdecken was of; she answered she did not know for certain, but that she had heard him speak of his wife and family as having wor- shipped in the Oude Kerk. "Indeed, Mr. Fenton," said she, "I don't believe he is or was of any religion at all. Van Vogelaar is a Calvinist; he told me so one evening, when I was speaking with sur- prise of Antony Jans being a Catholic, as it is almost impossible to reconcile the fatness of that man with the austerities and mortifications of his creed." "There can be no doubt," said I, "that Vanderdecken was, when human like you and me, without religion. His shocking defiance, and the condemnation that fol- lowed, proved that he acted out of sheer sin in his soul, and not out of a passing passion. And yet you would have supposed that a Dutchman, no matter how secretly impious, would have behaved with more discretion than this skipper." "I daresay he would have been more dis- creet," said Imogene, "had he imagined what was to follow." It was in this way, and in such talk, that we killed those six days of storm; and now I come to other matters. [To be Continued to-morrow.] 