I TEE 'FROZEN PIRATE.' I BY W. CLARIKE ?RUSSEIL, Author of 'The Wrock of the Grosvenor 'The Lady 3.aud,-' ' A Sailor's Sweot' heart,' Eto. CatsEma XXVI.-Is. - TnosmLIt nY . THsOUcHTS OF vi? TaICSUReE. The weight of the wind in the rigging steadied .the schooner somewhat, and pre sented her from rolling- too heavily to starboard, whilst her list corrected her larboard rolls. Soass I sat below she seemed to me to be making tolerably good weather, of it. Not' much- -water came aboard;' now and again I would hear the clatter of a fall forwards, but at comfortably long Intervals. I sat against the dresser 'with my back upon it, ancd being dead tired must have dropped asleep on a sudden-indeed, before I lbd half smoked my pipe oat, and I do. eot believo I.gave al thought to my situation before I' alumbered, so wearied was I. The cold awoke me. ' The fire was out and so was the candle inc the lanthorn, and I was in coflicn darkness. This the tindelr-box speedily remedied. - I looked at my watche-seven o'clock, as I was a siiner! so that my sleep ihad lasted beo tween three and four hours. I went on deck and found the night still black upon the sea, the wind tie same brisk gale that was blowing when I quitted the ihlm, the Sea no heavier, ued the schoonier tumblinsg in true Dutch fashion upos it. I I loo ,.yicy.earnsestly around but could see. .afco.'Thereo would be dlaylight"'" presntly, so I'went below, lighted tlee fire, sad got my breakflst, and wilhen I returned thle sun was up end the sea visible to its 'frtheost reaches. It was a fine wintry piece ; the sea green and running in ridges with frothing heads, the sky very pale among the dark enow laden clouds, the sun darting i ray now and again, which weas swung' into the north by tihe shadowrs of the clouds until they extingulshed it. Remote in the north westhun te gleam of ia iceberg; therewas nothing else in sight. Yes --something that comforted me exceedingly, though it was not very many days ago that a like object had heavily seared mce-san albatross, a enoble bird, sailing on the windward close enough to be shot. The Sight of this living thing was inexpressibly cheering ; it put into oy . head a fancy of ships being at hase, thoughts of help and of hlman companions. In truth, my enagination was willing to accept it as the same bird that I had frightened away when in the boat, now re turned to silently reproach me for my treat ment of it. Nay', imy lonely eye, my sub dued and smufering heart cmight evenc have witnessed the good angel of my life in that solitary shape of ocean beauty, and !:ave deemed that, though unseen, it had. been witt meoo throughout, and was now. made visible to my gStze by the light of hope that had broken into the darkness of nmy adventure. Well, supposing it so, I should not Iave been the only man who ever soared his guood angel away and found it faithful after wards. I unlashed the tiller and got the schooner before the wind and steered ultil a little before noon, letting her drive dead before the sel, whichi carried her north-east. Then securing the helm amsidships I nrm for tihe quadrantansdwhiilstiwaiting fortheslentoshow himself I observed that the vessel held her self very steadily before the wind, which might havo e bee owing to her high stern ned great swell of her sides and lher round bottom ; but be the cause what it might, she nce as fairly with her helm nmidships as if I had been at the tiller to cheek her, sa nost. forteate condition of my navigation, for it privileged mne to get about other work, whilst, at the suno time, overy hour was convoyingnmo nearer tothe trnck of siips and fierther froen the bitter regions of tie south. I got an observation mId made out that the vessel Ihad driven about fifteen leagues during the night. Sheo must do better than that, thought I ; and when I had eaten aeoni dinner I took a chopper, and going onto the. foreietle, lay.out upon the bowsprit, andl after beating the sp ritseilyard block clear of the ice, cut away the gasketi that confined the sail to the yard, heartily beating thes canvas, that was like iron, till a clew of it fell. I then came in and braced the yard Square, aid the wind, presently catching thu exposed part of the sail, blow more of it out, andl yet more, tmtil.thero wis a surface show ing ; then to a sudden hard blast of wind the whole sail flew open with a mighty cracklung, as though indeed it was forme-d of ice ; but to render it useful I had to haul the sheets aft, which I could not manage without the help of the tackles we had used in slinging the powder over the side ; so that, what with one hindraneo- amd another, the setting that sail took moo an hour and ia half. Iluthad it occupied me all day it would have been worth doing. Trifling as it was' sas a cloth, its effect open the schooner was like that of a cordial upon a fainting mac It was not that alsheo sensibly showed nimbler hlels to its: its lifting tendency enabled her to ride the under-runmingc sets more buoyantly, and if it increased her speed by half ia klot an hour it was worth a million to me, whose business it was to take the utmost possible advantage of the' southerly gale. I returned to the helm, warm with the exercise, and gazed forward not a little proud of my work. Though the sailwas eight-and forty years old and perhaps.older, it offered as tough and stout a seurface to the wind uas if it was fresh from the sailmaker's Iaonds, s. ggreat are the prese?ving qiualities of ice. - I lackl wistfully ait the topsail, but on reflect ing that if it should come oce to blow hard enouglh to compel me to heave the brig to also world never hull with that canvas abroad, I resolved to let it lie, for I could cut away the spritsail if the necessity arose and not greatly regret its loss; but to lose the topsil would be is serious matter, though if I did not cut it adrift it cmight cearry away the mast for me: so, as I say, I would not meddle withlit. Finding that the ship continued to steer herself very well, and the better for the sprit sail, I thought I would get the body of thie old Frenclumanes overboard,.' nd so obtain a clear hold for myself so fir as corpses went. I carried tIe lemthorn into the forecastle, but "when I pulled the cuunmock off hti I con-, : fess it was not without it stupid fear that I - should tind him alive. Re?ollbctiou ofhis : astounding vitolity fotmd,?assmethingo;giess perishable in that ugly anatonsy,:and tholcglis: - o Iaybof6ro nie as dead and'eold'as stonzieI -,' yet head-a fancy ythtbithe Seeds of lifeo??ar'e: atill isl hint, that,'twear only the crcntmt ofe ta hlas beig .that hlad frozen, that if Ivwero to thi-w lhmt afresh he might reovaer, snd thate if I buriedlimn I should actually be despatoh iug lden.,. these' an liat thesough these fanies posessed, they did tot control me.. I took Id wateh: ls s whatavra elsa he had in ll at way, oorried' Idm on deck und dropped hib over thes side, - eusihg sa little ccremony ohoe had employed-l in the disaosal of his shilmites, but affected' by very dliferent emnutibas; fortcthere was t: osly the idea th tht tile vital spark was still An: - ' lsm; .I could not but hlendlo .with awe.to .ti most mysterions corpse the. eye hadoeverr· viewed, ono who had lived thurough a tupor;' or death-sleep for eight-and-forty years, in I ' whoi in a few hours Time had. ocimpressed ; the wiznrdry he stretches in otihers over half se-centlry; who in a night had alhrunk from . the aspect of his priue into the lean, puckerled, blear-eyed, deaf, and tottering ex pli ion of a hundred yea-s. But now hle was gone ! The blnebhl~ es wlih , rose to the plubo' of ies body were Id?s epitalplh ; Ihad thley risen bloocd-rclther woulld ' iavbeletter s-nbolised his lifo. 'To'lsobatrons stoosle to lie spot where hle had vnisher?l " withll a Ihouarso' usalt scream like the lanugl of1 a delirious womane, and thle wind, fc-shenig ' momsentrily in a asnUll, made one tlhink ofe .the spirit of NItuire as eager to purlify the. air of heaven front the taint of the dead pirato's p?aseire from tho beulw rka to tha water's saurc-he. All that day and throughl the hightt that followed, the schooner drvew, rolling naud' plhnging before the seas, into thie north-east, to the pulling of the cprilt sail. I clsdo sevrenl excursaios into the foelhold, but unev r could hear the sound Iof waltecr ill the .iesorels. leisCrih,:ri ploers wesre P hblalhc. by slec/ul ?cmcsuelt u-th thcauilua, stillshathed in idoe, but this' crystal armour . was gradually dropping off her to the work. ing of her frame in the sees, sq that, Slnes she was proving herself tight, it was cer- o tain her stauoehness owed3 nothing to the I glassy plating. I had seen some strano ge crnft in my day, but nothing to beat the f appetanceu this old tub of a hooker sub- t ndtted to my gaze as I viewed her from the I helm., How so uncouth a structure, with t her_ tall stern, flnaring bows, fat buttocks, o sloping musts, forecastle well, and massive ii enad-timbers ever managed to pursue and overhaul a chase was only to be unriddled by i snppesing all that she took to be more un wieldy. and. cmasy. thou herself. " What I would -a pirate of those days, in his clean lined polacesa or arro?y schooner, have thought of such an instrument as this for I the practice of his pretty trade ? The ice 1 aloft still held for her spars and rigging the I resemblance of glass, and to every sunbeam that 'flished upon her from between the sweeping clouds shle would sparkle out into many- coloured. twinklings, marvellously delicato in colour, and changing their tints twenty times over in a breath through the swiftness of the reeling of the spare. I should but fatigue you to follow the several little stories of those hours one by one.; how I got my food, snatched at sleep, stood at the holm, gazed around the sea-line and the like. Just before sundown I sao? a large iceberg in the north, two leagues dis taunt; no others were in aight, but one was minough to make me uneasy, and I spent a <vory. troubled night, repeatedly coming on ~dslk, to look about me. The schoonecrstged "herself as ifia man stood at theim helm.,, '~e spritsail further helped her in this, for,I if thocurl of a sea under iher forefoot brought her to larboard or starboard, the sail forced her back again. Still, it was a very sur prising happy quality in her, the next best thing to my having a shipmate, and at Swoadrful relief to me, who must otherwise have brought her to, under ai lashed, ihehn, every time I had occasion to leave the deck. The seaworthiness of the craft, coupled with the reasonable assurance of presently falling in with a ship, rendered me so fur easy in my mind its to nable me to. think very frequently of the treasure and how I was to secure it. If I fell in with an enemy's cruiscr or a privateer I must expect to be stripped. This would be the fortuneo of war, aundl I must take my chance. My concern did not lie that way ; how was I to protect this property, that was justly mnine, against may ownt countrymen, suppose I had the l od fortune to. carry tih schooner safely into English waters ? I had a brother-in law, Joeremiah Mason, Esq., a Turkey mer chant hin a. small way of business, whose ofleoe was in the city of London, and, if I could manage to convey the treasure secretly to him, he would, I know, find me a hand somae account in his settlement of this affair.. Bdtiit- was impossible to strike out a plan. - I must wait and attend the course of events. Yet riches being things iwshich fever the coldest imaginations, I coild not look ahead without excitement and irritability of fancy. I should reckon it a hard fate indeed after my cruel experiences, my freeing the vessel from the ice, my sailing her through some thousand of miles of perilous seas, and arriving finally. in safety, to be dispossessed of what was strictly mine -as much mine as if I had fished it up from the bottom of the sea, where it must other wise have lain till the crock of doom.. I remember that, among other ideas, it entered my head to tell the master of the first eship I met, if she were British, the whole story of my adventure, to nequaint him with the treasure, to offer to tranship it and myself to his vessel and' abandon the schooner, and propose ca handsome rewanrd for his. offices. But I could not bring my mind to trust any stranger with so great a secret. The more circumstances of the treasurenot being mine, in the sense of mny having earned it, of its being piratical plunder,. and as muchl one's as anotter's, might dull the edge even of a fair-dealing conscience and expose me to the machinations of a henivily tempted mindid. -.Therefore,, thogh ,I had noe plhnl, I wns Sesol;ed it all hcirials toetiektothesechooner, and, with a view to providing against the curiosity orrummnging of any persen. who should come'aboarl fell to tie following work after. getting acey breakfast. I hung lanthorns in the rent ild hatchwlays an, cabi to enable me to pass easily to and fro; I then emptied one of the chests in my cabin and carried it to where the treasure was. The chest I filled nearly three-parts fall with money, jewellery, etc., which sank the contents of the other chests to the depth 'I wanted. I then fetchled a quantity of small arms, sunch as pistols and haungers and cutlasses; and filled up the chests with them, first.placine a tilekness of canvas over the money and jewellery, that no glitter might show through.. To improve the deception I broteght another chest to the run, and wholly filled with outlasses, powder-horns, pistols, and thelike, and so fixed it that it must be the first to come to hand. IMy cmming amounted to this: that, suppose the run to be rummaged, the contents of the first chest were sure to be turned out, but, on the other chests being opened, and what they appeared tocontain observed, it was as likely as not that the rnunmagers would be satisfied tiey were arms-chests, and quit meddling with them., Hero now might I indulge Ie a string of reilections on the troubles and anxieties which money brings, quoto from Juvenal and other poets, and hold myself up to your merriment by a contemptuous exhibition of myself, a lotely sailor, labouring to conceal his gold from imabinary knaves, toiling in tie dark lepth of the vessel, and never heeding that, ven whilst he so worked, his ship nmigit split ,on some half-tide rock of ice, and founder nth him and his treoasure too, aned so on, and con. Buit the fact is I was not a fool. [ere was money enougIh to set .me up as a Aneo gentleman for life, and I meant to save it and keep it too, if I could. A man on his deathbed, ea man in such peril that his end is certain, can afford to be sentimen tal. He is going where money is dross in deed; and he is in a posture when to moralisoe upon human greed and the vanity of wishes and riches becomes him. But would not a. man whose health is hearty, and whd hopes to save his life, be worse oelf than a sheep in the matter of brains not to keep a firm grip of Fortune's hand when she extended itt I know I was very well pleased with my morning's work when I had accomplished it, ,hndhad no mind to qualify cy satisfastion by meinchdly and reomantld musiags on my condition and uncerttnty of the future. This was possiblye wing .to the ;fli??ei of the weather; a Ihvy black gale from the nortic would deubtless lave given a very different turn to my humours. The wind at dawn had weakened and come into the west. Tilere was a strong swell indeed there always is in tist ocean-but the ceus ran small. '"he alslooked like marble, with its broad spr adinge of high wldto clouds and the veins of bte sky betweens. I wished to mike all the northiing thlat was possible, but there was nothing to be done in that way with the spritail alone. Had not the capsctn becn frozen I should have tried to get tle nmainsail upon the ship, but without the aid of machinery I was hleldless. So, with heln amidships, the schooner drove lnguidly along with hler head due east, lifting us ponderonsie as s lies-of- battlp ship to the floaetinsg lamimhecs of the high acell, aud the albatrosn hlntlg us stesadfaustly it the anke of my lonely ocean pathl as thoghi it eed blees noce mesenger Cont by. God to wantcs cne into safety. CcTarERa XXVII.-- I EacoUn TE a Wtas.en. I had been six days and nights ait soea, and the morning of the nsventh day had coce. WVith the exception of one day of strong eouth-westerly winds, which rac mce somne thing to the northward.s, the weather had heen fine, bitterly cold indeed, but bright ined clar. In this time I hlad nn a distance of abost six lntdred lind fifty neles to the cast, and with no other cloths npeon the schooner tean lier opritsanil. I confess, as the hours passed away and nothinghovo into view, I grow dilpiritod tnd restless; but, on thle other hand, I was com forted by the bright weather and the favotuirble winds, and particidarly by b the vessel's stcering herself, whlich enablin me to get rest, tokoep myself swarm with the fire, aid t dresms my food, yet over puhineg un wards (however slowly). into the navigated 1 regions of this sea. On the morning of the seventh day I carne on - deck, having slept sieoo four o'clock. The wind was icy keen, pretty brisk, about , west by south; the movement in the sea was from the south, and rolled very grandly; there was a fog that way, -too, that hid the horizon, bringing the ocean-lino to within a league of tie schooner; but the other quarters swept in a dark, clear, blue line against the sky, and thera was such a clarity of atmosphere as made the distances appear infinite. I went below andlightedthefirsan gotmsv breakfast, all very leisurely, and when I was done I sat down and smoked a pipe. It was so keen on deck that I had no mind to leave the fire, and, as all was well, I lounged through the best part of twohours in the cook-house, when, thinking it was now time to take another survey of the scene, I went on deck. On looking over the lorboard boulwark rail, the first thing I saw was Ia ship, about two miles off. Sho was on thoe larboar tack, under courses, topsail, and matintopgallant sail, heading as if to cross my bows. The sunshine made her canvas look as white" as snow gainist tihe skirts of the body of vnpour tha ha. trailedi a' little to leoward of her, and her black hull flashed as though she dis charged a broadside every time she rose wet to the northern glory out of the hollow of the swell with a curl of silver at her cut water. MIy heartcame into mylthroat; I seemed not tabreathe ; not to hitveo sved.*sy life ,'.bold have utt reds sry,: i , :?,aetnd Stransported wats I by this unoxpctealc pari lion. I stared like one in a dream, ant my head felt as if all the blood in my body bad, surged into it. But then, all on a sudden, there happened a revulsion of feeling. Sup pose slo should prove a privateer-ia French war-veesel-of a nation hostile to my own ? Thought so wrought in me that I trembled like an idiot in a fright. The telescope was too weak to resolve her, I could do better with my eyes; and I stood lit the bulwarks gaeing and gazing as if she wore the spectra ship of the Scandi?ivian legend. There were flogs below, and I could have hoisted a signal of distress; but to wuhit purposeol If the appearance of the schooner didcot suficiently illustrato her conudition, there was certainly no virtue in the nhmsuang t arnd declarations of bunting to exceed her r own mute assurance. I watched her with a p; ssion of anlxiety, never doubting her inten tion to speak tome, at all events to draw close and look at me, wholly concerning myself with her character. The swell made I us both dance, and the blue brows of the rollers would often hide her to the height of her rails; but we were closing each other s middling fast, she travelling at seven ind I at four miles in the hour, and presently= I could See that she carried a number of i boats. A whaler, thought I ; and after a little I I was siure of it by perceiving the rings over her tongallunt rigging for the look-out to stand in. On being couvinced of this, I ran below E for a shawl that was in my cabin, and, r jumping on to the bulwarks, stood flourish mg st for some minutes to let them know I thattthere was a man aboard. She luffed to deaden her way, that I maight swin? close, and as we approached ealch other I observed a crowd of heads forward looking nt ime, and several men aft, all staring Sintently. SA man scrambled on the rail, and I with an arm clasping a bacekstay, hailed me: 'Schooner ahoy !' Ihe bawled. with a straon nasal twang in his cry. ' That sidp's Sthat? ' TheBoea del Dragon,' I sllouted back. `'Where are you froim, and where are you I bound to?' ' I have been looked up in the ice,' I cried, 'and am in want of help. What ship.are I voni?' 'The Susan Tucker, whaler, of New BIedforl, twenty-seven .months aont,' he. returned. ' Where in creation got you that hooker ?' 'I'm the only man aboard,' I cied, ' and have no b3at. Send to me, in the mnme of Gtd, and let the master come t' He waved his hand, bawling, 'Put your hehn down-you're forging ahead!' and so saying, dismoumted. I isnmediately east the tiller adrift, puit it hard over, and secured it, then jumped on to the bulwarks again to watch them. She was Yankee beyond doubt ; I had rather met my own countrymen; but, next to a British, II "would have chosen an American ship/to smeet. Somehow, despito the Frenchman, I felt to have been alone throughout my adventure; and so sore was tile effect of that solitude upon my spirits that it seemed twenty years since 1 had seen a ship, and since "I had held commune with my own aspecies. I was terribly agitated, and shook in every lihnb. Life must have beenpreeiolu Salways ; but never before had it appeared so precious as now, whilst I gazed at that homely ship, with her main topenil to the smIst, swinging stately upon the swell, the faces of thile seamen plain, the smoke of her galley-fire breaking from the chimney, the sounds of creaking blocks and groaning parrels stealing from her. Such a fountain of joy broke out of my heart' that my whole being was flooded with it, and had thlat mood lastel I believe I should have exposed the treasure in the run, and invited all tihe men of the whaler to share in it with me. 'They stoared fixedly; little wonder that they should be astounded by such an appearance as my ship exhibited. Ono nf the several boats which huns at her davits w'as lowered, the ears flashes, and presentlI she I was near enough to be lit with a bisuit; but when there the master, as I supposed hisn to be, who was steering, sung out, ''Vast rowing!' the boat came to a stand, and her people to a man stared at me with their chins upon their shoulders as if I had been a fiend. It was plain as a pikestaff that they were frightened, and that the superstitions of the forecastle were hard at work in them whilst they viewed me. They looked ta queer company; two were negroes, the others psle faced bearded men, wrapped iup in clothes to the aspect of scareerows. The fellow who steered had a face as long as a wet hmunock, and it was lengthened yet to the eye by a beard like a goat's hanging at the extrenmity of his chin. ' He stood up-a tall, lank figure, with legs like a pair of compasass--ad hailed me afresh, but the high swell, regular as the swing of a peindulum,. interposed its brow between him and mee so that at one moment hle was a shdrply-lined flgsuro against thel sky of thel horizon, and the next he and his boat and crews wer sheer gon out of silght, \- and this made an exchange of sentences slow and troublesome. ' Say, master,' hlie sung out, ' what d'ye say tihe schooncr's nnloe is!' 'Tl Tle /Ioca) dlJya0on,' I replied. ' Ad who are you, rmatey?' 'An :Eng ish sailor wie hias been cast away on antlahmd of ice,' I answered, tilking very shortly that the replies might follow the Squestions before thie swell sankl'?im. ' Ay, sy,' says he, 'that's very well; but Ir/len was you cist away, bully?' I gave him the date. >' That's not, msonth ago,' cried lie. ' It's long enough, whatever the time,' said II. SHere thle craew- fell -talking, turning from ons ,nother to a?aro at Ine, and the negeme' eeyesshowed as big as niucer in tlm dismay of their rrganl. ' See, here, master,' sung outi thle log man, 'iif you hai't beens cust away more thsn a Smonth, how comoe you lothed ss men went Sdressed a celntury sin,,' hey?' 'Tleo reasons of their mlsgivlngs fnlashed upon me. It was not so much thle sclhooner as my appearance. Tile truth was, my t clothes hlaving been wetted, I had ever elce beeon wearing sulch thick garments as I met w isth, us tihe eabin keeping miy legs warn wsith, Sju)ackboots, and I tad I. be so used to thl sgarb thiat I forgot I hlnd it on. Yol will judge, I then, tihat I must lhave presnlted a igere very f nicely calculated to excite the wonder and \- apprehleasion of a body of ImenC whose supecr a stitioas instincts wcero alrleady sullicielntly a fluttered by thoe uLpparanec of thlU bchooner, when I tell you that, in additiou to the jcek hboots an sli glreat fulr cp, iay 'stunlluue wias formencd ofs red plue waiotloat laced withi silver, purple breeches, a coat of frieze withl yellowbraiding and huge cuffs, and the cloak that I had taken from the body of Mendoza. - OCaptain,' cried I, 'if so be you are the captain, in the anme of God and humanity come aboard, sir.' H, ero I had to wait till he reappeared. 'MsLy story is an extra ordinary ono. Yonu have notlhing to fear. I am a plain English sailor; my ship was thl 1 Lnughingn3ry, bound in ballast from Callao t to the Cape.' Here I had to wait ,tgain., ' Pray, sir, come aboard. There is nothingb to fear. I am alone--in grievous distress, and in want of heltp. Pray com, sir I' There was so ittlo of the goblin in this appeal that it resolved hin,. The crows hung it the wind, but he addressed thes peremptorily. thacnrd him damn them for a sotof crts, and tell them that if they putihim aboard they might lie off till he was ready to return, where they would be safe, as the devil cold not swimhn: and presently they buckled to theiroars again and the boat came along side. iThe long man, watching his chance, spraneg with geat agility into the chains, and stepped ondeck. I ree up to hint and seized his lhand with both mine. ' Sir,' cried I, speaking will, difliculty, so great was the tmunlt of my spirits and the Joy and gratitude that swelled my heart, ' I thank yeou lthousandtimes over for this visit. I nam in the most helpless condition that can be imngined. I an not astonished that you should have been h startled by the appearance of this vessel and by the figere 1 malke in these clothes, but sir, you will be much more amazed when you have heard my story.' He eyed mis steadfastly, examniutig meo very ioearne?ly from ms.sboota to my cap,' aed thi' cat a glnaibe aroued hia beforeo h-mado tily reply to iny address. He hand the gauntness, sallowness of complexiod, and deliberateness of mnnser peculinar to the people of New Enghld. And . though e owas aw very ugly, ]nauk, uncouth mne, I protest ihe was as fair in my sight as if heo had been the mn brosial angel described by IMilton. S"Well, cook mly igizzard,' he exclaimed presently, through his nose, end after another good look at sse enod eloy tlhe decks and up aloft, 'if tlsisasins't nmi.ractlous, tow. ?ltrnled if we didn't take this hooker for some ghost ship riz from the ose, in charge of a msermane rigged out to fit her age. Y' are all alone, air you I' Aill lone,' said I. nBroach mee every barrel aboard if ever I see sich a vessel,', he cried, his astonishment rising witll tile searching glancea he directed aloft and slow. ' HIoow old be holi?' 'Shel was cast awnay in seventeen hundred and fifty-throe,' said I. 'Well, I're durned. She's froze hard, sirree ; I reckon she'll wanut a hot sun to thaw her. Split me mister, if she ain't worth sailing home ns a ahlow-box.' I interrupted his ojeculations by asking him to step below, whoere Oe could sit warm whilst Irehted my story, and I asked himt to invite his boat's crow into the cabin that I might regale them with a bowl of such liquor as I ventured to say had never passed their lips in this life. On this hl went to tke side, and, hailing the mnen, ordered all but one to step aboard and think to the health of the lonesome sailor they had come across. The word ' drinkd' acted like a ceharm; they in stantly hauled upon the painter and brought the boat to the chains and tnmbled over the side, one of the negroes remainihg in her. They fell together in a body, and surveyed ste ?und the ship with a hundred marksr of astonlislnnent. Iy lads' said I, ' my rig is a stranlnge oo, hbt I'll explain sll shortly. Ties clothes I was cast away in are below, and I'll shllow you them. I'm not spectre, but as real as you ; thoughl 1 have gone throughl no much that, if I am not a ghost, it is no fault of old ocean, but owing to the meroy of God. My nanmeis Paul lodney, and I'em. a native of London. You, eir,' says I, addressing the long nane, Sare, I prestunet he master of the Susan 'Tuckerl ' *At your sareice-Josiah Tucker is my name, and tllat ship is my wife Susan. SCaptain Tucker, cand you, men, will yvoe please satop below, says I. - The weather Srominses fair; I have much to tell, and there ts, that in the cabin which will give you patioice to hear me.':t: : I descended the companion-stairs, and they all followed, making the interior that had been so long silent, ring with their hscae" troid, wlilst from time to time a gruif, Ihearse whisper broke from oneof them. Butsuper stition lay strong upon their ima.ination, and they were awed and qtiiet. The daylight came down the hatch, but for all thait the eelabin was darksome. I waited till the Iast man ihad entered, and then said, ' Before we settle down to a bowl and a yarn, captain, I should like to show you this ship. It'll save me a deal of descrip tion and explanation if you will be pleasedl to take a view.' L'Lead on, minter,' said le ; ' but we shall have to snap our eyelids and raise fire in that way, for durned if I, for one, can seo in the dark.' I fetched three or feaour lanthorns, and lighting the candles, distributed them, aamong the men, and then, in aI procescion, headed bytthi captain and me, we made tlie rounds. I had half-cleared the arnms-room, but there were weapons enough left, atnd they stared at them like yokels illn a booth. I showed I them the cook-house and the- forecastle, where tihe deck was still littered with clothes, ancd chests, and hanmtochs; and, after carry ing them aft to the cabins, gave them a saisrlt of the hold. I never saw men more unlszed. They filled the vessel with their exclsma. tions. TIhey never offered to touch any thing, being too much awed, but Ssteppedl aboeut with their heads uncovered, Is qieitly as they could, ste thloughl they head beeinin a crypt, and the intluence of strange and terrifying memorials wars upon tlhen. I also showed them the clothes I htlad conoeawny from the Laughing3fary is ; and, that I might submit suchl an aspect to then as should tolch theirsynmpathies, I whipped off the cloak and putoen lay own pilot-cloth coat. There being nothing more to see, I led thenmto the cook-rosma, and there brewed a great heartý' bowl of brandy-pmlchl,whichi I seasoned with lemen, sugar, and spices, into as relishable it draught s my kneowledge ill, that 'way couldl cue, s)ces, an.ed, givinSg every nne t pannilcin, bthUe hiit lip sand wclcmnOo, myself first drinking to them withll a brief aspeelh, yet not' so brief but that I broke down towards the close of it, and meled with a drynsob or two. They would have been eunworthy their country end their calling not to have been touched by my natural manifestation of emotion ; besides, the brntdy wa as n incmn. parbloly fine spirit, tro very l)erfnmo of thle seaming bowl was nuaasioaent to stimulhcto the kildly qualities of sailor whlo lhad been locked p for months in a groensy old slip, withl no diviner scells about than tihe stink of tihe try-works. 'IThe captain, stancding up, canlloed pian his men to drink to eao, proamlishg me thit he was very giad to have fallcn il with my scIooneer, and then,. looking at the others, made a sign, wheoroepon they cdl fixed licir yes ipon me and drcnik use one maon, everyone clnoeptyilghis pot ed invcrtinsg it eos It lnof, and fetcling a rousinug sigl of setisfeletine. Mr. Frederick Hoelter, lespector of Windsor SPalace at £500 a yetr, died at Velntor on 30th11 ,Tansuar', aged ifty. lie rn-a mucah resipcted ly tlie Qseeeh. Thy Tt nseacnli Chamber of Miines recordls last "ar' gold outp a t at 1,000oz'. In Decemlber There werae 817,225 visitors to South KIcnCseig tosn deseoum, Lonidoa, lits ycar, 