patties' Watemn. DOROTHY'S LETTER. Densest Ethel— Another year has new almost gone, and Chriatmas ia once man rapidly approaching. It is a season filled with memories of the put, most of them more or less pleasant — memories, to many of nsf of Chriatmae da; spent in the teal old English fashion : Chrutmas with the enow lying thick on the ground, the long evenings enlivened with thrilling ghost stories; the Christmas carols ; the Cbristmas tree ; and last, bOt not least, tbe Christmas dinner, when relations snd friends from far ana wide are gathered together to partake at one board of the good fare provided for them, the chief items of which were generally the Christmas turkey, the huge sirloin of beef, and the enormous plnm pudding with tbe lighted brandy burning brightly around tbe sprig of holly stack in the centre. And tiien come thoughts of the merry games indulged in after dinner ; games oi blind man's bm% hunt the. slipper, snapdragon and bo on, heartily enjoyed, and joined in, without loss of dignity, by old as well as young. I must not forget, too, the Christmas decorations, wreaths of holly and evergreens, encircling the pictures and framing the doors; an-^ above all, the boncfa of mistletoe, the innocent csnse of so much fnn and frolic, and, 1 daresay, not a little heart-burning. Those are indeed days and customs worth remembering, but sow, I fear, rapidly becoming days and customs entirely of the past ; for the yoonget geaeufcioaa of to-day are precocious, and are not satisfied with each simple enjoyments and pastimes. Bow different is tbe Christmas day of Australia. Generally a day of sirelteriug heat, with the thermometer somewhere about 100* in tbe shade, our greatest exertion is to keep still, and fan onraerrca However, notwithstanding this state of languor, when tbe dinner hour comes ronnd we force ourselves to 'eat, and try to persuade ourselves, much ^gsinst out better sense, that we are enjoying the ateam* ing plum pudding' and «***'-** pies to which vc still cung, more for the sabs' of 'anld. ling tyae ' than aught else. And a great mi take it ia. Other lands, other custom*, fiven ia so small a m.ttw ss dinner tha nwnnwimntj should be '''^* auite£ 4o tlbe climate and surroundings. Therefore, in my opinion, as A»«tWfi«i» QhrisfcEuaB dinner should be of the ooolwt and most refreshing description, composed principally of iced puddings, fruits, 4c, which would prove far more acceptable on a hot day than the richest of pinww puddings or tho ninst *'f.Ti«'p*rwj- of '''»*f Dies. Our new governor. Lord Hopstoun, has now fairly started on taw viceregal duties. As both he and bn wife have come to Victoria with the intention of being popular, - popular they no doubt will become ; and the probability is that under the new mpui Melbourne will become more go abeul, especially in social matters, than has been the cass before. Great preparations were made for the welcoming of the new Governor; the e.8. Borne waa chartered by the government, and with most of the Ministers and Members of Parliament en board, proceeded down tbe bay, where on meeting the Britannia, Site governor and his stale were taken on board sndtne Borne at onoe steamed back to the city, the swearing in ceremony took place at about four o'clock in front of the Xteasury buildings, where every available nook was occupied by the onlookers. The Earl and Countess drove np in a most imposing manner. Anontrider led the way in % powdered wig, black hat and cockade, and loll livery. He was mounted on a splendid hone, witii black and gold trappings. The carriage was drawn by four horses, ridden by postillions, in wigs, cockades and short jackets. On the right arm of each was embroidered the Karl's coronet, also on that of the outrider. The Countess, who is very pretty, was well occupied by acknowledging the cheers of the populace, bowing continuously right and (eft. She is a brunett i, with regular features, large eyes and a nice complexion. She wore a gown of black royal silk, showing a vest of rose pink, and richly trimmed with jet Her bonnet was floral, composed chiefly of piak roses and soft green leaves. She carried a magnificent ) refutation banquet of white carnations and maidenhair, and having a large central ' rl ' formed of deep red roses. It was in a satin and lace holder and was tied with tbe Earl's colours — navy blue and gold The Earl is about half a head taller than his wife, and has a pleasant sun-burat face. Of course there were many introductions, although ovring to the crush not many ladies were presented. His Excellency and his wife have altogether made a favourable impression, and it is easily eeeu that they both intend doing their utmost to make their term of office pats pleasantly as well as profitably. On Monday last the Metropolitan Leidertafel gave an extra concert in honour of the new governor. Of course the hall was crammed, curiosity bringing those who would not come for music alone. The hall was prettily decorated, a large basket of flowers being placed in front of Lady Hopetoun's chair. The audience was agreeably surprised to find that His Excellency ia a model of punctuality, arriving at the hall in time to a second. As yoa may imagine, great curiosity -ra- evinced as to what the connteBs would wear on her first appearance. Visions of her Udyship coming in full dress and sparkling with diamonds were conjured up, and therefore a good deal of disappointment and no little surprise was felt at the simplicity of the costume worn by Lidy riopetoun. As it was she was attired in a pwJectly appropriate ooaeert to'thlt*. Her gou-n was dttni-traiaed, ami ii! ri :n .lack br.n-lic. Tlir bodice was cut v. ..L 1 '. i-'^l! (..jr.irt ia irons, and liigl: at t'aa b^ck, ijDuheil with the uiouijaeii ^ledici collar nun- co popular. Tnis aud the high epaulette were of ul&ck; velvet and cut jet, The elbow sleeves sad petticoat were of exquisitely cat jet on net. Her raven-black hair was done in French ooib— that is, haTug a slightly wa»ed binge in front, and eight or ten tiny twists reaching from the crown of the head to the nape of the neok. She won no ornaments, except a few brooches in the front of her bodice, and one diamond bracelet Her mantle was of black plash, handsomely ornamented with cut jet; and ehe carried a beautiful bouquet of stephanotU, orchids carnations and maidenhair fern. Mrs. Hood, Lady Hopetoun's sister, was dressed in a very similar manner, only in her case the dress was composed of watered silk instead of broche. She also wore no jewels, except in the front of her bodice. Bather a novel fancy fair was held Uat week, in aid of some church funds. It was ail in the open, air, an interested lady lending her grounds for the occasion. Here were finmerons little tents erected, each taut being occupied by one stall, or a. 'Ponoh and Judy show,*' an art gallery, an Aunt Sally, a fortune-teller and so on. One of the great attractions was a Christmas tree, off which every child received1 a present free of charge. During the after noon a concert was held, at which some prominent Melbourne amateurs assisted, [Deluding Mrs. Nesbitt, Miss Croaker, Dr. O'Hara, and Mr. Sweet. Altogether it was a most picturesque and attractive sight, and will. I think, pay as it deserved. Several of the shops in town have been showing some exquisite dresses ior summer wear. I will describe one or two that were particularly pretty. I must tell yon first that al&ough; some of the best afaops pnt one small steel and a flat pad at the top of the skirt, others, considered quite as fashionable, do not nse either, but depend entirely upon the arrangement at the back drapery to give the required fullness. One of tile first to attract notice was a/efe dress of ivory white woollen crepe-de-chine. The skirt had a handsome panel of sOk gnipure of die same shade, with a narrow fan pleating of merveOleux introduced ; on the opposite side a fold of the i~i-iJ was smartly completed with two flat pearl buttons. He bodice was made with a blouse front of pleated merveiUeux. and corselet bodice of gnipure, while the back was tight-fitting. A tiny fan plating com pleted the sleeve, and a ntervenienx Bash was loosely knotted on one ride, A very pretty, but much rfy^W valking dress was of branch delaine of a delicate Bli*Ja of ecc green, combined' with serpent-green velvet Two rows of manhhie stitching completed the skat; which although plain had nothing of severity in the outline, owing to a skilfully arranged shell pleating. The bodice was completed by » surah front and a direotoin ruffle. New flannels tor morning wrappers have leaves, flowers, or axabesques of a, dark colour on a light ground, and some have s, border near on. selvsge in pointed Vandyke design. Other flannels have tone upon tone of one odour, in pretty old rosesoades, Gobelin blue, grayish hues, and pale pearl colour on dark loyal purple. Oae of the latest fads of the green, willow-green, poppy-green and as masy more greens as possible. These colours are abown in prints, embroideries, or garnitures of ribbon, wedding, Ac This is oertainry copying nature very closely, and a oostume in which tibe gown, bonnet, wrap, and parasols each show a different shade of green is certainly apt to remind one of a garden in vhioh the foliage plants are not vet relieved by tile glowing colours of their blossoms. DOEOTHT. 