Artemus Ward's Ghosts. HOW THE GREAT AHERICAN HUMORIST I HAPPENED TO BECOME A LECTURER. ! It may be interesting to know how the great humorist came to take to the lecture platform, when, before his great success in that line, he had confined himself exclu sively to the pen ; and, as I had a finger in the pie, I will relate it, writes J. W. Wat son in tbe KortJi American Review. Abont thirty years ago there was a paper pub lished in this city by several brothers named Stenhens. called Yanif.v Pair, ha vine- for contributors such men as Thackeray, Fitz James, O'Brien, George Arnold, Henry Stanley, and, in fact, all the literary talent of the country, with editors such as Charles G. Leland, Henry Clapp and Frank Wood, and yet it was plain that the public did not want it, and it .was about to give np the ghost, when the publishers consulted me as to what they should do. My advice was to get -an editor who was well known for his comic proclivities, and advertise him as connected with the paper, and I declared there , were only two men in the whole country who filled the bill — John G. 6 axe and Artemus Ward, whose real name I did not then know. I knew that Saxe could not be had, as he was a candidate for Go vernor of Vermont ; therefore the publishers empowered me to correspond with Artemus and offer him 30 dollars per week and travelling expenses to come to New York as the new editor. Tbe response was im mediate acceptance, and 25 dollars and two weeks' salary were forwarded — he after ward told me the offer was a godsend, as he was getting but 10 dollars a week on the C&cvdand; Plaindealcr , as a reporter — and in a few days Browne arrived in New York and asppwiAri the chair. The paper lan guished on for a few months, and then went the way of all funny papers. One day, when this had happened, I was walking np Broadway and regretting the result, tor I had become very much attache 1 to Browne. He was talking ^about going back to Cleveland and resuming bis old posi tion, when I.suggeste^'to him that be might try lecturing. At this he laughed, declaring himself totally unfit, not being able to speak in pablic at all, and having no subject. I insisted, and gave him as a subject, ' Ghosts,' New York at tbe time being very much exercised over a foolish humbog got up in the newspapers and called 44 The Twenty-seventh Street Ghost.' Before we parted Artemus had promised to write such a lecture, and to meet a knot -of. litem' y and artist friends the next evening at PlafFs, on Broadway, near Bleecker street, a noted restaurant and resort of Bohemians, and read what he had ' written. He came w ith about half . his effort, and for three-quarters of an boar the party was literally in a roar. He called It 'A Lecture About Ghosts,' and no small part of tbe fun was that there was not a word about ghosts in it. The next day he fidsEed it, aud then the question was to bring it out. I knew an actor, and sometimes manager, by tbe name of De 1 Walden, then part of the old Wallack Com pany, Who had some money, and I managed j to getirhim interested. He took Niblo'fi I saloon, now the dining-room of tbe Metro politan Hotel, for one night, with the pnvi- 1 j ledge of six. The first night, with the | help, of the press, who were all friends of Artemus, vras a triumph, and he ran the I week, clearing for himself and his manager ! 1200 dollars. ' From that time his lecture , was a grand success, and, while Artemus was i more than liberal, he saved money, or, | Tafrhpfj be made it bo fast that he could not ! help its accumulating in his hands. He I died worth almost 100,000 dollars, of which | he. left the income to his aged mother, and, i after her death, to found an asylum for old and disabled printers, to which craft he | originally belonged. 