Stage Gossip. It'is not often that modern French dramatists borrow from their British brethren. Suoh, how ever, is the case with respect to a new play in which Sara Bernhardt is shortly to appear in the Varieties, Paris. It is an adaptation of Mr. F. C. Phillip's " As in a Looking-glass." The death is announced from America, of W. C. Barry, an actor, who spent several years in Aus tralia, and who was at one time a member of G. V. Brooke's Company, in the Theatre Royal, Melbourne. In these colonies he originally carno out as a leading Shakesperian tragedian, but though he did not exactly succeed in that line, he did very respectable work in a less exacting one. -Daniel Bandmann was lately to revive, in tho People's Theatre, New York,Tom Taylor's "Dead or Alive," now rechristened " Austerlitz." A feature of tho production was to bo Napoleon's roviow of the army beforo tho battlo ; and it was announced that the horses to bo used in the piece were to bo supplied from Bandmann's own ranch.-William Emerson, son of Billy Emer son,tho minstrehandapupilof St. Xavier's College, Cincinnati, Ohio, played the comedy rolo in a drama given by tho pupils of that college rocently. The ghosts of tragedy kings and queens who might bo imagined as hovering round Covent Garden Theatre must sadly contemplate its present fortunes. It is now devoted to equestrian exhibitions, in which the chief attraction is tho performing pony, " Biddy."-Some of tho scenes of Mr. Hall Caino's new play of " Good Old Times," recently produced by Wilson Barrett in the Princess's, London, aro laid in Tasmania. The fourth act contains a striking panorama of tho Derwent. Iron curtains appear to bo in a fair way to get themselves a bad namo. It is not long sinco tho fire-proof curtain at tho Shaftesbury declined to ascend ; and more lately the iron curtain at the Oper.a Comique in Paris oxhibitod a still moro persistent obstinacy. Owing to some sudden derangement of the hydraulic, tho curtain could not bo lifted till moro than an hour after the appointed timo.-Henry Irving has lately completed his fifty-first yoar ; tho now-famous actor having beon born near Glastonbury, Somorsetshiro, on Fobruary G,, 1838. Tho tour of tho Barry Sullivan Company, the arrangements for which, notwithstanding tho ill ness of tho popular tragedian, it was decided to carry out, under tho leadership of his son, John Amory Sullivan, recently bogan in Cork, on which occasion the lattor gontleman assumed, and with no little success, his father's favorito character of Hamlet. It is stated by an American papor that, among the theatrical belongings of tho late W. E. Sheridan, recently forwarded from Australia to tho purchaser of them m tho States, has been found a very powerful dramatisation of Tenny son's " Enoch Ardon," which it is contemplated to produce with splendid scenic effects-tho Cor nish coast scono, tho storm and wreck at sea, Annio's midnight vision, " Under a Palm Tree," with tho Shipwreck'd sailor waiting for a sail No sail from day to day, and tho tropical isle by moonlight, where Enoch lived ten years in solitude. The final scene will, it is believed, be a masterpiece in the way of stage pictures.-Some of the Now York critics consider Mrs. Langtry's Lady Macbeth to be really tho most finished and vigorous piece of work which she has yet given to the stage. Writing recently on tho importance of stage scenery, Sarcey told a rather good story of tho famous composer, Meyerbeer. When "Robert the Devil " was about to bo produced for tho first timo in the Grand Opera House, Paris, tho direc tors decided to make uso of stock scones. " Ah," exclaimed Meyerbeer, "they rdon't think my work worth spending any money on." For ono of the most important situations in tho opera, a perfect triumph of scenic art was ultimately devised, the sudden revelation of which to Meyerbeer, at the last full rehearsal, would, it was thought, astonish and delight him beyond measure. But he merely re marked, "Much too grand-now I see they doubt the success of my music."-In an article in one of the English magazines on Irving's production of Macbeth, it is observed that "in many ways the performance is an intellectual treat ; but the new reading of the two chief parts, especially of Lady Macbeth, bowdler ises the play, as the version for young ladies' seminaries does which says-' out, out, improper spot.'" _ 