THE DIAMOND OOTEEIE. ? i r /S BY LAWEEKCE LYNCH. CHAPTER XXIV. A DAY OF GLOOM. (Continued.) All that day, oi1 x?hab remained of ifc after his father's depostaro, and the almosfc simuUanooas withdrawal of tho private detective, Prank Ltmotto paaaed in an uneasy reverie, He had much at otake ; and, now that the crisia of his fesinnen wao no near at hand, he began to review his ground, end avsvy word, look and f oue of Core. Htance vvoraoui', v,a ae rocuuea mom, ono oy one, was to him a fresh puzzle. Six months ago, Frank Lunaotte would have scoffed at the auggestion of a refusal even from the proud Conotance. Now, flomehow, he had lost his oelf- confidenoe. Again and again ho imagined tho wordo that he would say, and the words he hoped that she would answer. Then, as he forced himself to face the possibility o£ defeat, the veino upon bio temples swelled out, his teeth clenched, and one o£ those ''attacks,' to which he was subject, and against whiob. Dootos? Hoath had warned him, seemed immi nent. AgQin and again he gazed, with proud satisfaction, upon his reflected image, in the full length drawing-room mirror, and turned away, vowing himself a fitting mate for any woman. Again and again, when the image o£ his own physical perfections ' had ceased to dazzle his vision, his heart sank within him, and a dismal foreboding put his courage to flight, ' Confound it all,' muttered he, aa ho wan dered aimlessly from one deserted room to another ; ' the very house seems uncles.1 a spell. Sybil, sitting like a recluse in her own rooms, growing pale ond wild-eyed, and spectre-like every day. Evan, in his room, sick with drink, and verging on the D. T. Mother, gliding like a stately ghost from the one to the other, or closeted in her own room ; she has not been down stairs to-day. Burrill, the devil knows where he is, and what took him out so unusually early this morning. He's been cutting it worse than ever for the past week ; the fellow, seemingly, can't find com pany low oaougb. for him in one stage of his drunkenness, aoi1 high enough for him iD another, It'o fortunate for us that liquor has at last relaxed his vigilance ; the Told man ha9 taken a lending trick by the means. Corse the byute ! Why won't he die iv a drunken frenzy, or from overfeeding, but he won't !' Thus soli loquizing, he lighted a cigar, and went out into the grounds. ' I'll try the effect of a little sun shine,' he muttered ; ? fcr the houoe reels like a aroophogus ; one would think the family pride was about to receive its last blow, and the family doom about to fall. So, rootless and self-tormented, Frank Lamotte passed the long afternoon in the double solitude of q man deserved, alike by his friends and his peace of mind. ? We make our own. ghosts,' said somebody once. Frank Lamotte's phantoms had begun to manifest themselves, having grown into things of streDg^b, and become endowed with the power to torture ; thanko to the atmosphere into which he had plunged himself and them. Late in the afternoon John Barrill came home, but Frank avoided him, not caring to answe-r any questions at that time. Barrill seemed to care little for thioJ- or ioi' anything ; be was in a wonderfully jubilant mood. He gambled through the tenantleas rooms, whistling shrilly, and with his handa in his pocketo. He commanded the servants like a Baron of old. He drank wine in the library, and smoked a cigar in the drawing-room, and when these pleasures palled upon him, he as cended tho stairs, and went straight to the room occupied by Evan. For some time past, Jasper Lomotte had made an effort to break the bond o£ good fellowship, that, much to the surprise of all the family, hed Bpruug up between the wild young fellow and the coarser and equally or worse besotted elder one. How even reckless Evan Lasnotte could find pleasure in suoh society was & mystery to all who knew the two. But so it was, and Jasper Lamotto'o interdict wao not strong enough to sever the intimacy. John Burr ill responded to his exhortations with a burst of defiance or a volley of oaths ; and Evan re ceived all oomments upon his choice of a com panion with a sardonic smile, or a wild, mocking laugh. They had not been much together for tho past few days, owing to the indisposition whioh had kept Evau away from their favourite haunts, but had not kept him away from his favourite beverage. As Barrill entered his room Evan received him with a shout of welcome, and for more than an hour they were closeted there, sometimes con versing in low guarded tones, and sometimes bursting into roars of laughter that penetrated even through tho shut doors of Sybil's rooms, causing her to start nervously, and phivor as with a chill. A little before sunset tho carriage from Wor dour deposited Constance and Mrs. Aliatoa -;t the door of this home of lit bio harmony, and oven Constance noted the unusual stillness, and whis pered to her aunt, as they waited in tho draw ing-room the appearance of Mrs. Larnotto : 'Bah I I sniff the ogre here, auntie, The trail of the serpent is over the entire house.' 'I sniff the dead odour o£ a vile cigar,' re torted Mrs. Alistou. 'As for tho ogro— if ho won't appear in person, I'll try and survive the rest.' 'I am very glad you hnve come, Constance,' Baid Mrs. Lamotte, entering at this moment. ' We are so dull here, and Sybil has wished much to see you.' And than she extended a courteous but more otatoly greeting to Mrs. Aliston. 'It grieves mo to hoar that Sybil is not no woll, deal' Mrs, Lamotto. Does oho employ n physician?' naked Constance presently. ' She will not have a physician called, mnoh to my regrot, The very suggestion makoo her wildly nervous.' 'And — she keeps hor room too much, 1 think Frank told me.' 'Yep, recently. But Constance, go up to her ; Mrs. Alititon and I will, ontsrtain each other for awhile, and wo will join you, Sybil beard you announced, and will expeetyou.' Thus commanded, Constance lost no time in making her way, unattended, to Sybil's vooia. la tho upper hall she mot Frank, who started sue*, flushed at sight of her, and then huvried forward, with exteDdod hand. ' Constance,' he exclaimed eagerly, ' u.ow glad I am to see you,' 6 I'm such an uncommon sight !' she laughed, too much absorbed with thoughts of Sybil, to notice the extra warmth of hia greeting, or a certain change of manner, that was a mingling of boldness, bashfuluoss, humility and cox comb ory. ' How do you do, Frank P' '? Well in body, Constance—- ' fOh ! then wo can easily regulate your mind. I'm going to 8eo Sybil, and I don't want your company ; so adieu, Frank.' One moment, plosse. I want to— 1 must 330 you this evening. Shall you remain with us P' ' No, Aunt Honor io below, we go homo soon.' ' Then — may I call, this evening, Constance?' 'What a question ! ao if you did not call whenever the spirit moved you co to do : come if you like, child. I shall have no better com pany, I am afraid,' afid on she nwopt, and bed vanished within his sister's room, before Fraak could decids whether to be chagrined or de lighted, _afc so readily-given, carolesclj-worded a concent. The stcrfc, the nervous tremor, the terrified ejaculations, with v/aich bybu greeted even this expected and welcome guest, all told how norae deadly foe was surely undermining her life and reason, And Constance noted, with a sinking heart, the dark circles around the eyes that were growing hollo™; and heavy,, and full of a strange wild expectancy ; the pale cheeks, thinner than ever, and tho woeful weariness of the entire face. Greeting her tenderly, end making no com ments on her changed appearance, Constance chatted for a time on indifferent oubjects, and noted closely, ss a loving friend will, the face and manner of her listener, Sybil sar, like one in a trance, rather a nightmare, her eyes roving from her visitor's face to the door, and back again, and this constantly repeated ; her whole attitude and manner, that of one listening, rather for some sound, or alarm, from af cr, than to the wosds of the friend beside her. At last, Constance finding common-place about exhausted, said : ' Congratulate me, child ! I have thrown off a burden from my shoulders, I have brought my diamond investigations to a close.' ' Ah ! diamonds ! ' Sybil almosfc started from her chair, and the exclamation oame sharply from Iip3 white and trembling, ' Yes, my lost diamonds, you know. I have dismissed Mv, Belknap.' ' Belknap !' an unmistakable look oi' horror crossed her face. ' Dismissed him ; oh, I wish I could !' Sorely at a loss, yet thinking it beat not to seem surprised at what she believed to be the efforts of a wandering mind to grasp and master tho subject under discussion, Constance talked on, answering questsona and making observa tions, without allowing Sybil to see the surprise and sorrow that filled her heart ; and not until many days later did she recall her friend's wild words, to see how much of method there might be in this seaming madness. ' Mr. Belknap was conducting the search xoi1 the diamonds, you know, Sybil P Sybil seemed making an effort to collect her scattered senses, 'Yes, yea, Conny, go on,' she whispered. e I have paid him off and done with him, that's about all, dear,' ' Conny,' in a half whisper, ' is he gone ?' c I don't know about that ; he said something about remaining here for a time.' 'Oh!' ejaculated Svbii, aud then under her breath, 'My God!' Constance shuddered as she looked upon the shivering figure before her, tho wavering eyes, the handa clenching ond unclenching them selves ; she found conversation difficult, and began to wonder how she could avoid subjects that brought painful thoughts for suggestions. But suddenly a change came over Sybil ; sitting erect, she looked fixedly at hoc friend, and asked : ' Uonny, has no tormented you or late r 'He! Sybil ; you mean — ' ' I mean my curse ! has ho dared to annoy you? Ho baa sworn that he will be accepted and recognized as your friend.' Constance laughed a low sarcastic laugh. ' Bo at rest, Sybil, ho never will.' 'No,' with a otrange dropping of the voice. ' Ho nover will !' Again she seamed straggling to vocovor hor Balf, and io recall nonae thought ; then she looked up and asked abruptly : ' Conny, have you promised to marry jny — Frank Lamotte P' 5 No, Sybil.' 'Then— promise — promise mo, Constance, do if I v/as on my dying bod, that you never will.' ' Why, Sybil, dear ?' 'Don't ask for reasons, don't; promise, pro mine, promise !' She wng growing excited, and Conatanco hastened to Bay : ?You're labouring under como delusion, deai* child; Frank has cot offered hisnself to mo.' 'But ho will! ho v? ill! cud I toll yon, Con otanoo, it would be giving yourself to a fato like mine, and worse. Tho Lnmottos have not done with riingvnco yof, and it shall not fall on you ; promise me, Con.' 1 1 promise, Sybil.' ' Yon promise ; ' sho arose from hoi: chair and came close to Consfcanco ; 'you promise,' she said, slowly, 'uevor, never, to marry Francis Lamotte P ' 'I swear it.' A coarse laugh, a nranthoi'flrJ oath ; thoy bof;h turn swiftly, find there, in the doorway, Bmelliug of tobacco ni)d brandy, and shaking with coarse laughter, is John Burrill, and beeide him, with clenched hr.ndfy, swollen temples, drawn white Jipa, stands Francia Larrsotto. Stands! .Wo. He reels, ho clings to t;ho dooi'-framo for sup port; his onetny is upon him. Sybil draws herself o?oct ; the red blood flames to her face ; tho fire darts from her eyes ; she lifta one slender arm and points at tho reel ing figure ; then there rings out a burst of mad mocking laughter. ' Ha ! ha ! ha ! Frank Lamotto, I have settlod my account with you.' Thou turning swiftly upon Burrill, and with even fiercer fury she shrieks ; ' Out, out, out of my sight ! I am almost dono with you, too. Go back to your wine and your wallowing m the gutter ; your days are aumbsi'ad.' The awful look upon her face, the defiant hatred in her voice, the sudden strength and firmness of her whole bearing, Constance shuddered at and nover forgot. Frank Lamotte, making a mons'croag effort for golf-control, gasped, let go his hold on the door frame, lifted his hand to his tempiee, and came a few steps into the room. Outside, on tho otairway, W£3 the i-ustla of women's garments, the light fall of ssvift feet, In another momont Mrs. Lamotte, followed by Mrs. Aliston, enters the room, pushing past the gaping and astouishod Burrill with scant ceremony. Then, Sybil's strength dosarts her aa John Burrill, recalled to a sense of his own importance, advances, and seams about to address her. She utters a cry of abhorrence and terror, and, throwing out her hands to ward off hia approach, reals, falls, and is caught in the supporting arms of Constance and Mrs. Lamotte. While thsy are applying restoratives, Frank sees tho propriety of withdrawing from the scone, but no such, motives of delicacy 0? decency ever find lodgment in tho brain of John Bun'ill, and leering with tipsy gt£?ity, he pveseae close to tho bedside and poisons the ah- with hia reeking breath. Con stance flashes with anger, and glances at Mrs. Lamotte. That lady looks up uneasily, and seems to hesitate, and then Mro. Aliston rises to the occasion, and covers herself with glory. Looking blandly up into the raan'a face, she lays one fat, gloved hand upon his arm, and sayo, in a low, confident tone : ' Come this way one moment, sir, if you please,' end she fairly leads the wondering and un suspecting victim from the foom. A second later ho is standing in ihe passage, the chamber door is shut swiftly and locked securely. John Burrill has been led out like a lamb, and the fat and smiling strategist corned to the bed side. ? I suppose he thought I would tell him a secret when I got him outside,' sue laughs softly, Wbatever ho thought ho kept to himself. After uttering a few curses ho went below, 're turned to his pipe and bia bowl,' and waited the diuuev honr. 'I shall send for Doctor Heath,' said Mrs. Lamotto, as aho bent above her daughter, who had slowly returned to consciousness, but lay passive, seeming not to see or know the friends who stood about hei\ ' Sybil does not know us ; I feel alarmed.' Mrs. Aliston nodded sagaciously, ' He can not come too aone,'' she said ; then to Constance, with a mingling of womanly tact and genuine kindliness, ' my ahild, you had bottom drive home soon. If Mrs. Lamotte wishes, or will permit, I will stay to-night. It will be bottoi1, believe me, Mrs. Lamotte. than to share a watoh with auy servant ; and I am a good nurse.' So it is arranged that she shall stay, and Constance proposes to return alone to Wardoui1. Au she goes down stairs to hek1 carriage, from out of the shadow of the drawing-room comes Fv&nk; Lamotte, still very haggard, and trem bling with excitement suppressed. ' Constance !' he whispers, hoarsely, i ono mo ment, please,' She pauses before him, very pale and still. ' Constance,' speaking with an effort, ' I— went ud there, honincr to feeeu Burrill from intruding : he waa too quick for me, and— and I heard Sybil's last words— and yours.' No answer from the pale listener. ' My sister asked you to refuse mo. Am I right?' ' You hoard.' ' And you promised P' i 1 promised.' 'Constance, Sybil ig half-mad. You surely wove only humouring hor whim in so replying.' ' Sybil is hnlf m&d;, I begin to think that you linow why.' ' We all know why. She han sacrificed her self for an ingrato; she has saddled us with, a monster to save & brothe? who io not worth saving.' 'Frujjk Lamofcfco, stop ; I cannot listen to this; for, lot me toll you that I know this charge GgauiGt Evan Lumotte to bo false, and I know that you know it ; and yat you have sanctioned tho fraud. Who has blighted Sybil's life, you may know, but it is not Evan.' £ Constance, do you mean— -'=??-' ' 1 mean all that I pay. Lot mo pass Frank ?' cJNot yet. Constance, Constance! had you never any love for me P Is these no shadow of , hope ?' ' At first,' caid Constance, coldly, ' I liked yon as Sybil's brother ; later, I tolerated you ; now yon nre fetching mo to despise you, Long ago I told you that only youvsolf could injure your gc1£ in my oyea. There might htivo been a reason, an excuse evon, for allowing poor Evan, who has willingly aosumed the position, to become the family soapo-goat. There is none for you? un brotherly and false accusation. Whatever hia faults may be, poor Evan if) vuioelGjih, and be truly loves hio sister.' ' Is this youv answer P' ' What do you expect P do you wont my as suvanee that my promise to Sybil was made in good faith, and that I intend to keep it P If so, you have if-.' Sho went swiftly post him, with the last words on hor lipw. And again Frank Lamocto wag the proy of his enemy ; like a drunken man, he reeled back into the parlour, gnashing his teeth, cursing his fate, half mad and wholly desperate. Meanwhile, above stairs, John Burrill wos re hearsing to Evan, after his drunken fashion, the recent scone in Sybil's room, not oven omitting his own expulsion by wily Mrs. Aliston. As he repeated, with wonderful accuracy, considering hia conditioa, the wild wordo uttered by Sybil, hislistonor sat very erect, with wild staring eyes and lips held tightly together, hia teeth almost biting through them ; with burning eyos, and quivering frame, and a strange fear at his heart. Having finished his narrative, Burrill arose : ' I'm to meet some follows at Forty's,' he said, thickly. ' I'll scop with them a couple of hours, or throe, maybe ; after that ? ' and he winked nignificantly, ' After that,' repeated Evan, and winked in return. ' An hour lztev Evan, pale and shivering, knocked softly at Sy'biFa door ; Mrs. Lamotto appeared. ' How is Sybil, mother P' 'Quiet, but not national, Doctor Heath has just_gone. Evan, why ! how badly you look !' 'ifeel badly. I am going to bed; good night, mothei1,' {To he continued.) 