Fashion in Speech. It is one of the current ideas as regards (he fashion of speech in the yment day that many of Ibe changes which since our grandmothers' days have marked the style of the colloquial language of the day, are due to the introduction of words and phrases peculiar to America. Yet to educated Americans, the purity of the English language is as dear as to English people. It is now 30 years since 44 A. J. C.'\ writing to the New York 44 Round Table,' expressed very strong views on this subject. Iiesuys: ' Tbp corrupter of a language staDS suaigni at toe neart ui ins country, nc com mits a crime against every individual of the nation, for he throws a poison into a stream riora which all must drink. . . He who does aught to preserve such a language deserves the gratitude of his people, as he who mars an organism so beautiful and precious merits the severest displeasure. He who hunts down und pillories a slang phruse, a vulgarism, a cor ruption of any kind, is a public benefactor.' The last sentence we should like to see written ill gold and dis played everywhere in public. \\\ e have, however, unfortunately, to deal rather with the offenders than with the benefactors, withtbpse who from habitor to save the necessity of thinkingmakea a few slock words or phrases serve the purpose of con versation, or become ibe medium forlhe interchange of ideas ; and of those who have by misuse degraded some of the best words in our language. To trace the begin ning ot such evils is difficult, hut without fear of con tradiction it may be affirmed that the music-hall songR and the burlesques in the theatres are responsible for many. The desire to speak humourously often origi nates 6lang ; and also a wish to he picturesque, to avoid calling a spade a spade has caused many to cover what is really, distasteful and offensive by a veil of grotesqueness or comicality. To such a desire the vocabulary of the prize-ring i6 attributed, which, with the slang of the ' roughs,' bb revealed in certain ? sensational plays, is happily excluded from polite J society; but, there is an increasing indulgence in the' { use ot set words and phrases which is net limited to ; colloquial speech, but finds its way into letters. 44 Thanks' for' thank you' has nearly had its day, and is rapidly losing its hold on the public tongue; but, instead, m many places, 44 ta' has taken its place, and 44 ta awfully' or' 44 ta muchly' is made to express the een6e of 'obligation for- kindness done. The technical slang which lets the Cambridge man speak of being 4- plucked,' and the Oxford' man of being . 44 ploughed' is accepted; and- beyond this legitimate use of slang, which the technical vocabulary of every art,, profession, and trade supplies, in speaking of ' particular employments, there is a second which con sists, in a metaphorical application of technical terms, of some employment to objects not in the scope of that employment. The metaphors borrowed from athletic sports, from polite amusements, or from warfare, often convey vivid pictures to the mind. They appeal to the national temper, and the best authors use them. When the King of France sent a present of tennis bails to Henry V., the English' King answers in a metaphor, which is at once forcible and appropriate : — 'When we have mateb'd our rackets to these balls We will in France, by God's grace play a set, Shall strike bis father's crown into the hazard. Tell him he hath made a match with such a wrangler. That all the Courts of France will be disturbed With Chaces. But whilst the beauty of the above will be admitted, there are many metaphots borrowed from horse-racing and other sources, which cannot be justified. When the ordinary courtesy of 41 How do you do F ' is answered by 44 I'm very fit,' or a friend is described as 44 very fit,' 44 off colour,' 44 a peg too low,' 44 A J,' 41 not up to much;' and when these expressions are used by ladies (F) the listener is tempted to ask in amazement what language is being spoken. Again, if some dis appointment has visited an acquaintance, the circum stance 16 bewailed thus, 44 Oh. he's not in it a lady, puzzled to arrange some scheme, declares that 44 it won't G.' Another pronounces ber appreciation, or the contrary, thus: 44 Real nice.' 44 not good enough,' 'real jam,' 44 it's very filling,' 'we're going strong,' &c.; Another, , who 'would be shocked at any form of an oath, yet frequently telieves her feelings by 44 Great Scott !' 44 Great Caesar's ghost!' and the list might he greatly extended. A girl long ago might have been prettily described as in 'bloom- ing health and beauty-;' but 44 blooming' has now been hopelessly degraded, and. ie used in conjunction with con roe oaths that offend one's ears in the Btreet. 44 Ripping' is a favourite expression with rome persons, and 44 You're in a very bad way ' a common mode of expressing sympathy. These forms are trying to one's patience when spoken; but when the same style is adopted in writing the evil is far greater. How wide a margin can be made in a familiar and dignified mode of expression may be gathered from two accounts of the ramc occurrence by Dr. Johnson. 'Writing to a friend, he says : 44 When we weie taken upstairs, a dirty fellow bounced out of the bed on wbich one of ns was to lie.' In his ' Journey to the Hebrides' the fact is expressed: ' Out of one of the bedB on which we were to repose started up, at our entrance, a man as black as a Cyclops from the forge.' Since Dr. Johnson's time English has changed in many wsys. \Y'c no longer make 44 tea' in sound to rhyme with 44 day;' nor do we pronounce 44 oblige' as 'obleege;' but re cently a revival has set in of the old form of droppibg the final g in shilling, morning, evening, &c.; This, in many old English families, is the result of habit; but though to them it is natural there is no need for its adoption by young girls whose birth and training have been in Sydney. There is much affectation in hearing them talk of'44 plajin' tennis' and 'mcetin' friends.' Equally objectionable is the practice of giving u in certain words the sound of oo. Yet per sons who delight in saying 44 Toosday ' and 44 noos paper ' would never think of saying a *4 noo bonnet,' 44 foo friends.' fashion has lately emphasised one great improvement. In England, English, &c.;, the first syllable is pronounced as en in enslave, endure, not as if spelt Inirland, Inglish. The change is to be welcomed—on etymological and euphonic grounds. When will Australians leave off the habit of misusing shall and will': Will I go F is constantly used, nor only by children, but by teachers ; and, oddly enough, many of those most skilful in grammati cal analysis fail entirely when speaking or writing English. The constant growth of new words and the absorption of loreign words info our language make the fashion of speech ever changing; and the wliiil of life, which increases daily, makes condensation and brevity more and more sought for in speech and wiitirg. The old form, 44 1 have received your letter of 16th current,' 'is now reduced to '? \ ours of ICth to hand; ' no longer is it said 44 1 will Fend you a telegram,' but 44 I'll wire you.' No man is overtaktn by misfortune, but bas ?4 come to grief,' &c.; : and yet, whilst this may Le necessary, as it is expressive, we still Lope, and look to our lady friends to Lelp us, to ptesetve. tven in the colloquial language of ibe day, what is ex cellent in the old Joints, whilst expanding to liieet the demands of the new— to help us in rejecting the bad, pretentious, and ihc artificial, and in maintaining a standard of good taste. 