llfyl Little Neighlboeur. A stormy June day. How steadily the rain fall and how the wind moaned. But any one looking into our cheerful eitting room must have forgotten the state of the weather, for a bright fire snapped and crackled in the grate, and Claire Wilson was seated on the hearth.rug just at my feet with a gray kitten in her arms. Claire's happy face made sunshine all about. Her doll was sleeping upon my knee while I busily worked at a pink party dress for Miss Miriam Yellowtress; quite a long name for a rather small doll: it took Claire three days to think of it. You see Miss Miriam Yellowtress had been invited to a dolls' party, and so Clairo, my little next doorkinighbor, had come in to talk it all over with me. " And she shall wear her blue silk dress with the blue sash again," announced Claire, smoothing her doll's curls tenderly. " She ought to have another party dress," I said. "How would pink silk do?" " Beautiful! It would just suit her cheeks, Miss May," cried Claire. " Well, she shall have one of that colour, then, and I'll make it for her." Iran away for the material, which Claire pronounced " just lovely." "It's a piece of one of my dancing-school dressee-I.wore it when I was not much bigger than you are, Claire," I said. "AAnd now dolly must be measured." And so she was, and the dress once fairly started pro gressed rapidly. arise Miriam Yellowtress dozed befure the fire, Claire hugged her kitten upon the hearth-rug end chatted blithely to me as I rocked and hemmed and at length finished the simple trained skirt. Then the tiny waist was commenced, and Clairo, growing testleess, commenced dancing about thbo room and singing, or paused to lean against my chair and bestow an earnest kiss upon my cheek, " Shall I read you a story, Miss May 1" asked Claire. "Yes, pet, do." I said. So she chose a book from the centre table and curled hersrll up on the rug at my fee: again. Now Claire is six years old, and can read very well if she takes time to puzzle the long words out. This time she neverseemed to notice whether the words were long or Elsort. The title of the book she held was "Longfellow's Poems," and this is Claire's story: " Once there was a little girl who went to school every day, almost, but once in a while, when it stormed, her mamma would give her a holiday. She almost always spent the holiday with a young lady who lived next door to her. Claire-I mean the little girl-loved this young lady, oh, very, very much I" Here Claire caught my hand and gave it a warm squeeze. " A lovely bird sang all day long in the window of Miss May's sitting-room, and gold-fish swam forever in a globe. The flowers looked so pretty that grew in a long box in the window. Once I carried a bunch home that Miss May had given me, and they were so sweet every one wanted to know where they camo from, and I told them, and Uncle Wilbur took one and gave me a large orange for it." "Now, Claire," I cried, " you are just making all that up I" " No, it's all true-it's a truo story," said Claire, earnestly ; then she said, "There's a nice kitty at Miss May's; it will come to me when I call it-it hasn't any name but kitty. I think it ought to have a name be sides that." " You can give it one now, if you want to," I said. "Oh, can I?" cried Claire, eso joyously that any one might hsvo fancied I had just made her a present ofl ive popnds. " Well, would Minnie do for a name? No it would take too long to call-something hor'. L:t nme seeo. Fan-I don't 'zactly like that- oh, Zknow ! Let's call her Pinky. Pinky, dear, counning Pinky, look up I" To Claire's delight, the kitten raised her little gray head and looked up. " She likes her name; she almost laughed, she's so plesced I"cried Clare, excitedly. Then, after petting puss a few moments, she picked up her book and went on with 1i story: " Miss May and I go to the sams church; she teaches me in the Sunday school; there are four other girls in the class and each one wants to sit by Miss May, so we have to take turns at it. Christmas Miss May gave me a most beautiful book with a green and gold cover, and a picture with a shepherd holding a dear little lamb in his arms. I read the book.Sundays. Then one daywhen I waees up in Miss May's room, she opened a drawer in her desk and gave me a lovely gold eascil. I often wear it around my neck by a ribbon. Uncle W\ilbur has a splendid horse that he calls Sultan; sometimes he takes me out for a dlive on his tall cart-be often takes Mies May out. -My doll is going to a grand party next week; she will wear a pink silk dress, and her firet train-it's going to look beautiful, and alter the party I'm going to tell Miss May all about it. Mies May is making the dress; she is itting near me, and her cheeks are as red as roses. I thinkshe sits too near the fire, for her cheeks are hardly ever so red." " It is warm," murmured Miss May. "Next summer we are going to have a cottago by the seashore. I shall dig with clam- shells in the sand every day and build forts. Miss May isn't sewing now she's roeeking herself to and. fro, and so I'll stop readina." Then Claire and I procerded to array Miss Miriam in the party dress that I had just completed ; it set LIf her blonde lovelincss to perlection, and she looked so fascinat;ing that we felt compelled to kie? her for beng ro pretty. Indeed, Claire was so plea se that ohs clapped her hands with deli t, and then pranced all around the room, tinally slstiingi into my arms and nearly ,nsothering me with kissee. Then 3Mtc Yellowtress was taken into the next roem to mamma. I could hear Clt.ire's eager voice explaining and admiring it all, and mamma's comments; and then backthe little girl came flattering to my side litke a bird: Miriam Yelloswtress was laid upon the table, and then, without so much as " by your leave," Claire sprang into my arms and dropped her golden head upon my shoulder. " Now it's my turn; Miss Miriam Yellow. tress has had you for a long time. Tell me a story, Miss MLay, please." So 1 told her about the day that kitty was brought to my door in a little basket-a pre. sent from a cousin of mine who was going Seouth for lthe winter. told her hos etrange kitty felt at first, and mewed and mewed, and even scratched me when I took her up in my armsand tried to comfort her. But kitty and I were now the bent of friende, and she had forgotten to feel lonely. Then weo went to the window and looked out at the rain. It dashed against tile win dow-pane, and the wind shook the trees until they swayed and bent before the blast, as though trembling and afraid of its fury. The sky was lowering : some of the clouds were of an inky blackness. We sat there until twilight came on, and still it rained. "' Don't you feel sawfully lonely, Miss M[ayl" said Claire. "I do. 1 like to feel so some.' times." "What a funny child you arc I" I said. "Itow can you like to feel lonely, pet?" ' Well, soltemn, then. Do tell me a ghost story plesee." "Not I, eweetheart. Besides, I don't know one to tell, as I never read them. Take my advice, Claire-never listen to ghces stories; you may laulnh at them in broad deaylight, but when ryou aw?hbe at night they will seem cery diltrtent." A storm of wind 'sbook the casementO;i hait was mingled with the rain. Then mamma entered the room and exalaimed: " Why, how dismal you both look sitting there in the dark with you arms around each other like the babes in the wood." The cheery voice broke the spell ; we left the storm to take care of itself. I lighted the lamp with its amber-tinted globe, stirred the fire till it snapped and blazed up eheer folly, drew the crimson curtains together, andall in a moment our dusky room was transformed. How delicionely coeasy and comfortable it seemed I Claire and I had a merry time-a gay, good time--until some one came to take my little friend away from me. And the dolls' party ? Qh, it was a grand success, and, best of all, Miso Yellowtrees was the belle of the ball. 