Y.W.C.A, WELCOME TO MRS. COLTON. The Young Women's Christian Association welcomed bach to the colony their president (Mrs. J. Colton) at tea and public meetings held at the Victoria Hall on Tuesday evening. A brge number of members of the association ana others interested in the work sat down to tea in the hall, which was very beautifully decorated for the occasion, and the after-meet ing waB largely attended. The Rev. W. R. Fletcher, MiA„ said Mrs. Colton was so specially connected with the association as one of its founders and president that the mem bers had decided to welcome her on her return * to the colony irrespective of the grand public welcome tendered to Mr. and Mrs. Colton Borne days previously. Dr. Paton, on behalf of the association, welcomed Mrs. Colton, and hoped the association and the many other in stitutions with which she was connected would have the pleasure of her direction for many years to come. No eulogy could be too great for the work their gueBt had done. Like the apoBtles of old Bhe appeared to be unconscious of the great work in which she was engaged, and which waB the outcome of her great heart. She had performed countless actB of unostentatious charity, and had assisted to build many churches, but had done a nobler work in building up the temples of the Holy Ghost by ministering to the needs of the sick and the distressed. They wel comed her among them once again not only because of the great assistance her presence was to the association, but because Mrs. Colton was a bleBBing and a benefit to the- whole com munity. Mr. F. Chapple, £ A„ also wel comed Mrs. Colton. He presented the half yearly report of the association, which stated that the committee had noticed a steady pro gress in work and an enlarged sphere of action. There had been between '20 and 30 names added to the roll during the past six months, three or four of these being from the English associations. They had come to the colony seeking employment. To such was offered a \- temporary home, if needed, and assistance ia procuring suitable situations. Others had joined with the desire of engaging in some of the various branches of worn in connection with the association. A Bible class wa3 held on Sunday afternoons, when from 1*2 to 20 met, the members takiDg it in turns to writo short essayB on given subjects, which w.?re read and discussed by all. Prayer union* Bible and literary olasses were held on Monday even ings. The girls' prayer union was well attended, and was a refreshing season of bleis ing to the many who met, Gn Tuesdays from 7 30 till 8.45'p m, the rooms were opened to young girls, when games were provided for their amusement for the first half-hour, after which they practised over hymns, and a few serious words were spoken to them, A singing class was held on Tuesday evenings, and evangelistic meetings on Friday evenings. Factory visiting was earnestly oarried on by members of the com mittee and friends. They visited during the gjth' dinner hour with fiowers andtracts. One or two ladies kindly accompanied them and sang to the girls. Very often they joined in the choruses of some well-known gospel hymns, Tea meetings were provided at the rooms for them, and were well enjoyed. The hospital and Destitute Asylum were visited each week by members and friends. Mr. Chapple pointed out the necessity of an effort being made to aBBure the erection of more commodious rooms for the association. There was only one large room in the present building, and several were needed. If some one would but start a sub scription list with a substantial sum there would be but little difficulty in raising the money necessary for the building. Archdeacon Fabr aho delivered an addresB, and Mr. James Smith, on behalf of MrB. Colton, thanked those present for the kind things which had been said about her, expressing his regret that Mr. Colton was not able to be present. During the evening Mr. L. H. Jones sang two songs with excellent effect, and Mr, Bristow and the Misses Stephens, Davidson, and Dora also rendered selections. Miss Marshall presided at the piano. 