BISHOP REKMON AT HAMIL TON. On Saturday la&t; Dr. Hezmion, Anglican Bishop of Adelaide, arrived in Hamilton, and on Sunday he met the congregation of Christ Church at the various services. The weather was wet and cold, but the fame of the right rev. geatleman as a preacher bad preceded h, and there were lange attendances at all the servises. In the morning the Ven. Archdeacon Cooper assisted the Bishop in conducting the service, and a full choir reoaered the incidental music. Dr. Ke&nion;, more particularly addressing himself to those who were during the afternoon to receive the rite of confirmation, spoke briefly bnt eloquently upon, the doctrine of the Trinity which they must all receive as a 'great truth. Choosing for his text Ants, Bchap, 12v. : 41 Things concerning the Kingdom of Heaven and the name of Jesus Christ," he said there was no doubt that when the Apostles went forth to pceach.the doctrines inculcated by Our Saviour they possessed toe most faith -iu three great facts — God the Father, God toe Son, and God the Holy Ghost That through the loving sacrifice of Jesus all who believed in Him had become reconciled to God and could look up to Ss face and call " Him Father. That Jesus was toe Son of God they also sincerely believed, that Jesus having estab lished His kingdom on earth now reigned in Heaven as its head, and whatever they sincerely and trustingly asked for iu His name, that they would receive if God saw it would be good for them. . They implicitly believed that Christ was their living Saviour and King, also that as He bad promised them to send down the Holy Ghost, the spirit of God was within them and would remain with them until toe end. That guided -fay toe Holy Gfibst, no matter, what per- plexities, mists, or "difficulties' might' arise, no matter how greatly toey might be opposed by hatred or bigotry, and in spite of say power iu this world, toey would pass safely through all dangers, for they were the children of a greater Itingdom th&o; any toe world possessed. Thus when Philip the Deacon inspired by the Holy Spirit went out to Samaria to preach the new Gospel of Christ, the people who flocked to listen to . him Were so impressed J by his sincerity, Mb power, and toe loving doctrines he taught, that they also became believers, eagerly taking hold of the idea of a spiritual kingdom and »»"iring £q be admitted into it. The story of Jesus, His wonderful love for them, the tturrifirn He had made for them, seemed to take hold of the in- - nermost recesses of their hearts ; it was a lore that surpassed anything ever seen on earth before ; its claims were irresistible ; and they 'Were baptised, in the faith. His Lordship sUoded to toe sublime greatness of this kingdom uiwi viu ws«wiu umi uuu up iu uic ueans m men. and which was so repeatedly referred to in toe New Testament ; a greatness surpassing all human wondoJmde fens "jthehole family in ffeairwi AnU Aaiiarf jta gveatWfiety into which all Christians were brought and made more fitted for God's eternal home in Heaven. But they could not enter into this kingdom without complying with toe ordinances men tioned in the New Testament. Thus when the people oLBsknaiia sought to enter atitbey were first baptised, and subsequently when touted by St. Peter ahd St- John, they were confirmed, a portion of which ceremony consisted in the laying on of bands. Thus it wm evident that -in- ad dition to its spiritual, the Kangdom'ol Godihad itsotatward mid visible aspects, end he com mended this fact to those seeking the solemn oedfoagte <donfiaaatito ; thfee -on herring to fiti Paul's vpistle to toe Hebrews would find that toe laying on of hands was one of the< principlea of the Christian religion, and was an outwaTd rign of God's love and blessing. The invisible aspect was the closer communion with niiiiTiM miu ... uwub, wuo waa no, only onr Saviour but was the n» of Wing. ..4 Xord of LoHs. It ibehoredAbeih to-consider from what had our Saviour saved them ; to; ptiiaer bn'the f act that HeimthtirKiegehd their Lord, and to ssk themselves were they servfog'Him with thai -deterafotiibn-kud that devotion to which He wu entitled- It behoved them all to eeek from ; that day to. love Him (note, to seek to obey all Hi« behests, and thns< iamliy ihBfeavso" which could only be gained by a perfect faith in Jesns. Iti'fiW, OaKpfiKATION eRHTLCB. There was a crowded congregation at the con- SifhiKiih %fervicean the afterobonJ'The pre- Jimfo«yjqcy#SW2>V very) fry W-Sfi There werel7 male and 301emele candMate%__ jott the Mhfianrfion, 4uT 'l£ihop thTrife/ , cause those who now saw them oome forward would watch tbeir Future coudunk If tost were consistent with toe profession they now. made, the effect on their companions would be corres pondingly 'good, but if on the other h«ud u were not in accordance toerewith, those who had seeo them confirmed would be led nofconly to despise them as insincere, but to scorn toe Lord end Master whose service toey were now . entering. He wished to csll tiieir attention to two sentences in toe preface to the Confirmation Service which had just been read " Openly before the Church," sad " By the grace of God." Those two aentencpw con tained the substance of what they had to do in : "oonfirmation, toe first referring tb toe candi date's share in toe rite, and toe second remind ing them that God had undertaken to do His work in their hearts if toey yielded themselves to Him. They were now about to take up, in a fuller way, the work which had been begun at their baptism. Baptism, whether in the' Church of England or not/ implied the following of Christ, for why should any one be baptised into the name of Christ if it were not intended he should become His follower. As the faAian taught, there were three things Implifti in this. First toe turning away fpuni s;n Thin, toev would find, was not an easy master. What with those evil influences which were spoken of as coming from the world, the flesh and the devil, what with toe current of evil which they would dis cover flowing everywhere around them, they would find it much easier to yield to sin than to turn away from it -Secondly, faith in God, unseen though ever near, was expected of to em. - They must learn, to regard Him as being constantly with them, and to seek His help and comfort at all times. Thirdly, obedience ; maoy regarded this as the hirdest of all. Bat if they remembered toelove of God to them, and His willingness to bless them, they would find it was not so difficult to keep His commandments. There was great danger _ of forgetting that God was desirous of blessing them, much more than of presuming on that fact, consequently many means had been ap pointed for toe purpose of cootinaally remind ing them of It. Baptism, Coofirsifioa and Holy Communion all pointed to the truth that God was willing to bless fi'gm- Confirmation was not a new thing. References to it could be seen in the New Testament, and it could also be traced right through the history of the Church, and in it they had a strong proof aud stgn 01 uon s tender rove. The confirmation was then proceeded with, after which the Bishop again in a very earnest and affectionate manner addressed toe con firmees, urging on them regular aad systematic Sayer and Bible reading, attendance at God's ouse and loyalty to toe Church, and regu larity in approaching Holy Communion. He reminded them that the Holy Spirit would be with tii em to aid them iu the service of their Divine Master, but they should beware of griev- ; ing that Spirit, by yielding to evil thoughts or : bad habits, 44 for grieving toe Spirit" was the 1 first step which led to the worst stage of 44 resisting the Spirit," which in turn led on to < that fioal and terrible stage spoken of as "quenching the spirit." There was another large congregation in the church at the evening service, when the Bishop delivered an eloquent address that held the close attention of his hearers throughout. 