Ghostly Apparitions. The appearance only to persons who are peculiarly fitted for ghost-seeing is one of the pecularities of all most legends. It is not everyone that can see the inhabitants of the invisible world, but those whose eyes are opened, or for those whose the ghost has a feeling that makes a bond of sympathy, or those who by some peculiarity of birth are Better qualified than others for such mystic eight. For instance, a child born on Sunday in Scotland is believed to have this power above all others. The 'White Lady' appears on such occasions in such manner as she chooses, but is also capable of being summoned by any of her family according to a prescribed formula and by the performance of certain rites. The 'White Lady of Avenel" is only the application to a particular family of a belief common in Scotland where the apparition known in Ireland as the banshee is known by the same name, but quite as often the " white lady." In fact, most of the great families in the Highlands were supposed to have a domestic spirit who took an interest in their prosperity, and usually intimated an approaching disaster by wailings and uneartly sounds of grief. But there was a difference in the apparition varying with the character which each is supposed to have held while upon the earth in mortal flesh, but in general it appeared as an old woman in a mantle with streaming hair. A superstition of the same kind is so gene- rally received in the Green Isle that the banshee is counted in popular belief to be a peculiarly Irish credulity. In Ireland there have been various ex- planations of the word banshee, most of them explaining it as the " head of the fairies," or white fairy but Dr. O 'Brien in his Irish dictionary writes, beausighe plural mau sighe," the fairies, or women fairies credulously supposed by the common people to be so affected to certain families that they are heard to sing mournful lamentations around houses at night whenever any member of the family labors under a sickness which is to end in death. \- Some of the cases in which the banshee has appeared are told with an abundance of detail and confirmed by so many witnesses that although family as to have appeared on the occasion of the death of Rev. Charles Bunworth, rector of Buttevant, in the county Cork, about the middle of the last century is such a case. Its first appearance was to one of the servants named Kavanagh, who came to the house apparently in great grief and wringing his hands. " What is it you mean, Kavanagh ? ' inquired Miss Bunworth. " Is it mean ?" said Kavanagh ; " the banshee has come from him, Miss, and 'tis not I alone who have heard her." '' Tis an idle superstition," said Miss Bunworth. " Maybe so," replied Kavanagh " but as I came through the glen of Ballybeg she was along with me, keening and screeching and clapping her hands by my side every step of the way, with her long white hair falling upon her shoulders, and I could hear her re- peating the master's name every now and then, as plain as I ever heard it. When I came to the old abbey, she parted from me there, and turned into the pigeon field next the burying ground, and folding her cloak about her, down she sat under the tree that was struck by lightning and began to cry so bitterly that it went through one's heart to hear it." MISS Bunworth told Kavanagh that her father was sleeping quietly, and that they thought he was doing well, but warned him not to tell the story to anyone. Mr. Bunworth, however, did not progress toward recovery, but declined gradually, though -nothing more happened until the night of his death. Then there was a sudden sound outside the window near the bed. A rose tree was forced aside with some noise, a low moaning was heard, accompanied by slapping of hands, as if of a female in deep affliction. It seemed as if the sound pro- ceeded from a person holding her mouth close to the window. The lady who sat by the bedside went into an adjoining room and the gentlemen there if they had heard the banshee. None of them believed in her ladyship, and they at once instituted a thorough investigation. They walked all around the house examining every spot of ground, but there was not a sign, not even a footstep upon the fresh earth of the garden. Upon -their return they were astonished to hear that the manifestations had been re- peated and that they had been more marked, and the clapping of hands louder than be- fore. \- During the night the sick man grew rapidly worse and expired with the first glimpse of morning. The legend of " The McCarthy," is the most peculiar among all the banshees. The young man died and was laid out for several hours when he came back to life and insisted that he had been before the judgment seat, -but had been permitted to come back with the understanding that three years more of life were granted him in which he might become a better man. He had been very wild and dissipated, but reformed at once and lived as a man naturally would who knew that the day of his death was fixed. As the time drew near McCarty's mother sent for her sister to be with them at the eventful time. On the way the banshee appeared, giving a succession of screams and making a loud clapping of the hands. Then they saw the figure of a tall thin woman, with uncovered head, and hair that floated around her shoulders, attired in something wich might be a loose white cloak or a sheet. She stood in the way as if to stop them, and motioned to go another way, which they finally went. When they got there they found that McCarthy had been slightly wounded by a pistol shot, a wound that was thought of no importance, but from which he died the very day that the three years was up. The origin of all these appearances and many like them is easy to trace. They go back, not to classic, but to the old Norse days when Woden, whom we call Oden, was given a place among the gods, and Frigga was made his consort. Odin became the earliest form of the hunter, who, with his mystic attendants with horn and hounds, was reported to pursue the chase all over northern Europe. His consort in like manner became the white lady who became transformed into a hundred different legends in which the motherly, protecting influence of the divine Frigga is not entirely lost. There are a number of white ladies con- nected with —**W> noble families in Germany but pr:«>,0„" m?ne that is most re- markable and A t h e roo6 \ °the most substan- tiated is connected t the royal house of Germany, and is known as the White lady of the Hohenzollerns. The lady in question is said by all to be one which of one the ancestresses of the family, but which one is not agreed, There is an abundance of evidence as to her repeated appearances, and no merely ghost story is so well authenticated. She is recorded to have made her first ap- pearance in 1598, just before the death of the elector, John Gearge. Twenty years later she prognosticated tee death of John Sigis- mund. In 1829 she again appeared, and for the first time spoke, uttering these words: " Veni judica vivos et mortuos." A paper of that early days records the appearance with this statement: " It is also undeniable that in our times, only a few years ago, in a certain princely house allied to that of Bradenburg, a young prince met with a fatal accident, and that a few days before his death the white lady was seen:" In 1659 the white lady was met in the gallery of Berlin, before the death of Anna Sophia, duchess of Brunswick, and again in 1667, when she foretold the death of Lousia Henrietta, wife of the elector, Frederick William. The subsequent appearance, generally believed in by the Germans who believe in ghosts at all, was to Frederick I. of Prussia, the son of the elector. He was laying on his bed in a weak, exhausted condition, with a valet asleep on a mattress near by. Suddenly he beard the hangings divide and saw a tall white lady with outstretched arms and flowing hair, inclining her head toward the bed and turning from right to left as though she sought something under the hangings. At last she discovered the king, and her steady eyes looked at him long in silence. William raised himself and made a movement; her eyes followed him ; she was unmoved. At that moment the clock on a pier table near the bed rang the hour and stopped. The lady disappeared. At the same moment a violent noise was heard in the room adjoining, where were, and now are, placed on sideboards, the plates and dishes used in the fetes of tbe Prussian king. They all fell with a crash to the floor. The valet awoke, the king cried in accents of terror: "There, there! She went out there !" And with bewildered look, his band extended, he pointed to the door of the private room. " Who ?'' asked tbe valet, half asleep. The white lady, I tell you. Go and see which way she went." The valet searched all over the palace, and found no spectre. ' I saw the white lady," said the king, as though speaking to himself, and covered his face with the bed coverings. Next day he ordered his coffin and made the Queen, his wife, to lie in it in order to see if the size was right. It was his last act of cruelty, for he died that night. Forty years after, his son, Frederick the Great, died at Sans Souci. and he, too, saw the white lady. The circumstances again were remarkable. A picture of the while lady had been painted (it is said by his own hand), which is still in existance, and shows the superstition which was evidently in his mind.' Whether he expected to see her or not, she came. Come evening just at nightfall Frederick. was alone-in- the library standing before a i^ For a moment he did not know what to do. Then he followed her; he opened the door and followed her from room to room without reaching her and finally stopped at the vesti- bule. The apparition seemed to run over the sand in the circular court, seemed to hesitate a moment then vaguely beckoned him to come, and disappeared. He died a few days afterward. The White lady of Hohenzollern is also said to have appeared in 1810 before the death of Frederick William III; in 1864, previous to the death of Frederick William IV., and in the present year previous to the death of the late emperor. The conclusion of the matter is that the super- stition, born far back in the days of paganism, has permeated Europe and still has some power, but as remarked an Irish story-teller : " I don't hear that the banshees go on so much now as they did formerly." Such beliefs most fade out before the march of intelligence and knowledge, and yet they are so full of a peculiar interest that many will regret their loss even in the day when no one will creditor accept them upon any authority what- ever. 