CKICEET. SATURDAY, 23RD NOVEMBER. IERSHIP PENNANT MATCHES. n v. North Melbourne.—Umpires— Fr&yue.; time v. University.—Umpires—Bleas- ' Uarues. urtir nihum. r. Richmond.—Umpires—Calnan Essentlon.—Umpires—Uunro and Fitzroy.—Umuiros—Alessio and Lee. . St. Bilda.—Umpires—Barrass and E & SCOTT'S CUP MATCHES. SoMf/i Melbourne iXuniors.—At Coburg. Uartin and Dyall. Scores stand:—Co burg, Qgs, 123; South Melbourne Juniors, two lor G3. Jiie/tmonti Juniors.—At the Cambered. Umpires—Smedley and Clarke. Scores -Cimberweli, first innings, tiS; lUchmond .eight wickets for 08. Oriental.—On tbe North Fitzroy Umpires—Barrass and Piraui. Scores -Oriental, first innings, 132; North Fitzroy, "els for 10 runs. Cnpulet.—On tbe Ormond Ground. Umpires BDd Thompson. Ormond, first innings, let, three wickets for 30. dance at the race meeting held by tbe Sob at Caulfleld on Saturday was of course rfered with by tbe rain showers during the tit nevertheless those prasont had the worth '!, Ted Power's riding in the Victorian Club long worth a pilgrimage to witness. By dint mauBbiphe succeeded in making a deadfirst struggle between his mount (The d) and Tarcoola ; and, upon Mick O'Brien tnted for G. Bodfoarn on tbe latter in the run WilliamBtown Boy" elevely euchred "the Panther" by a nose—and a short one, too, at utre had a rare turn-up iu the Hurdle vhich a dozen started, the up-country Dag, lute has been carrying all before him in suffering defeat by a comparative outsider, , who started at the remunerative price of mi. Tbere was a protest over the outoome, '"'i gave tbo " horse reporter " employed by Q opportunity of airing his thoughts in '•/i as f \- faced the starter, Mr. Godfrey Watson, I unsatisfactorily, the favourite Bosh, after the way, being most palpably prevented from ugh being bored on to the railB by the . who, however, only gained tbe judge's ibead. Wilkinson had never moved on Bosh be was challenged by Willie, and then it that with room for a fair run he could have 'gain comfortably, but he was hopelessly occurrence took place right ia front of the TO inquiry called tor uo evidence beyond Oration, bat to tbe astonlshmentof nearly Present tbe protest, which had, of course, pily lodged, was dismissed. The decision ™ most remarkalle, for, although the Awards are not all experts, some of them racing men, who should have been wi ving such a gross case of boriug." That % about the " officiating stewards n who are ,-ts" is good, is it not ? For, of course, tbe to demonstration bis undoubted ability to iperty"—or, rather, as they put it in the « parte—statement. ory does not play me false, it was at March meeting of 1860 that Mr. T. Sampson fo's. Men's All-Cone Handle, English Made 1 B]iring Bats, Gs. 6d.; Composition Balls. 2s. "iet. Base-ball,Tennis Material, Boxing Gloves vPree. BOTI.K «C SCOTT, Kourkete Kirk's Bazaar), Melbourne. \- -a pillar of tbe Turf in New South Wales—started a neddy by the name of 'Frisco in a Selling liace. The distance of thatSelling Ka.ce was fivelfurlongs and a-half; and 'Frisco, who started at tbe nice little odds of 4 to 1, romped home in front of Tbe Deer and Dirk Hatteraick in the " tropical' time of lmin. 9isec. Itwas undoubtedly a great coup, as when "Autumn o'er tbe jovial plains came noddiug on" the following year, the black son of Grand Flaneur and Verbena annexed tbe Sydney Cup. The reminiscence of tbe good time he bad at Caulfield that day mast have prompted friend " Teddy" to try and repeat the performance; for on Saturday last he served up a red-bot thing in a four-year-old daughter of Somnus and Egalite, named Cazotte, for the Selling Raoe at Caulfleld, who, starting at 2 to 1 on, never let ber opponents have tbe ghost of a show, and romped home in 1mm. 4$sec. THEN camc the fly in the ointment, The winner had been entered to be sold for «ii, and on being submitted to auction a well-known limb of tbe law entered a caveat against " tbe strong man," his heirs, executors, administrators or assigns having anything more to do in re tbe possession of the bay racing mare Cnzotte, by SomuuB out of ligalite. And as Mr. W. 3. Woolcott backed up his oaveat bv no leBS than two hundred golden coins of the realm, the New South WaleB SampBon's feelings must have been somewhat akin to those of his Hebraio countryman after Delilah had shorn him of his tresses. That is to say, he must have felt as if he'd got his Wool-cott—I mean wool-cut. AND mentioning Mr. Woolcott's nime reminds me that he has selected Mr, W. 13. Dakin as his private trainer, and although bis string is at present only small, it is extremely select—Mautou, White Star and Cazotte being the component parts thereof. Mr. Woolcott has started fairly on bis way towards achieviug SUCCCBS—that is, by deserving it. A GOOD horse, a good straight owner, a competent and painstaking trainer, and a thorough artist in the saddle across country—there you had a quartette in the Steeplechase at Caulfield on Saturday, ia Mabdi, John Pile, E. C. Naylor and Dau O'Brien. I wasspecially pleased to Gee Naylor achieve his double succe&B; with the gallant grey, as I am very firm in the faitb that bad Fagg made more play with his mount in tbe Oaks, Lady Superior would have stood an excellent show of reversing positions with Spice at the finish. TUB noble army of punters do flop it on in England -when they fancy they have a real good thing, and no mistake 1 The celebrated rider, Mr. Abingtou, having won two races at Sidifield on Friday, tbo 4th October, oddB of 100 to 12 were laid on his third mount, West Wind, for tbe Weeferd Hunters' Flat Race. It was a case, however, of tbe pitcher going to the well once too often, for West Wind broke down in the race, atid Patsey won easily. Mr. Abington was so disgusted that he did not return to weigh in for the defeated favourite. MOST of the racehorses which have been imported to Buenos Ayres from Englaud have prov'M direful failures. Galore, for whom a very high prios waB paid to tbe Duke of St. Albans, has been relegated to tbe stud, after having been beaten in several races for which he waB much fancied. I NOTICE that at the yearling sales of bloodstock at Newmarket (Eng.) on the 10r,h October, Mr. D. C. Cooper gave 3000 guineaB for a sister to Border Minstrel. •'NEAT and Appropriate I" Iu England recently ahorse named William the Silent was "added to tbe list," and thereupon his namo was immediately changed to " Dishonoured Bill," TIIE desirability of having "out of bounds" umpires has often forced itself upon some of the foremost lights in the Victorian football world, and in this connection I notice that at a meeting of tbe Rugby Union at Westminster Palace Hotel, London, on Sad October, when all the leadiug clubs in Englaud wore represented, Mr. A. Budd, tbe President of tbe Union, proposed, and Mr. Hill seconded, that the following be added to tbe regulations for the guidauce of umpires and referees The employment of toucli juiipes is option*!. They am only be appointed with the consent of tbe captains or secretaries of the contending clubs. Their duty shall be solely to give ilccisio.is on toucli play, and shall he confined to p <intoccuniu£ ou the side of the ground which they are appointed to look after; it shall not include jurisdiction In oeeiding whether the ball is thrown out straight from touch. Ths referee stall have the power of overruling their decisions. In all oi her cases iu the regulations for the guid&uce; of umpires and referees in which appeals are made through the umpire to the referee, they Biiall he matie direct to him. In every other respect the duties of the referee are unchanged. Mr. Budd explained the reasons of the committee in bringing forward this addition to tbe rules for tbe management of matches. The present system had been much abused by tbe dishonest umpiring which had become far too prevalent. They asked tbe meeting to adopt this rule as, at least, an experiment for tbe coming year. On the motion of tbe Aev. F. Marshall, tbe latter part of the first sentence of the proposed now rule was altered thus :— They must he appointed at the request of the captain or secretary of one of the contending clubs. Tbo rule as amonded was then carried, after which another veryimportant rule,something BimilBr to which will undoubtedly have, soonor or later, to be added to our V.F.A. statuto book, was passed as follows :— That a close time be tiled for playing Hughy football in England,and that no member of any club in membership with the Rugby Union be allowed to take part iu any match or contest at which gate-money is token between May 1 and August 31 (both dates inclusive) of any year unless tbe ]jermission of the committee of tin county in which the match or contest is proposed to lie p'ftyed, or of the Committee of the Rugby Union lias been previously obtained. Any player traeFgressing thl, ?ule shall bo deeired a professional, and may be suspended under Kulc 4 of the rules rcluting to professionalism. At this meeting the balance showed tbe Eugby Union to be only a little short of £1900 in band, and tbo' usual provision was made for tbe expenses of tbe officers in their various duties, with tbe understanding that 'no one is to receive more than out of pocket expenses under any circumstances.'" Mr. A. Budd, the retiring President, having received a hearty vote of thanke for bis past services, tbe election of officere for the coming season resulted tbuB:-Mr. H. W. T. Garnett (Yorkshire), president; Mr. E. (iurdou (llichmond), and W. Cail Northumberland County), vice-presidents; Mr. G. Howland Hill (Kent), bou. sec.; Mr. H. Vassall (Oxford), hoc. treasurer; llows:—" The committee, Hurdle Hace, Messrs. tor H. which L. Asbmore (Middlesex), F. W. Barnard (Harlequins), F. H. Fox (Somerset), H Fuller (Cambridge), A. N. Hornby (Lancashire), B Kilner (Yorkshire), A. G. M'Artliur (Old Leysians), M. Newsome (Yorksh re). J. H. Payne (Lancashire), A. B. PerkinB (Yorkshire). S. E. Sleigh (New Zealand). T. M. Swinburn (Durham), J. W. Thorpe (Cheshire), J. D. Vane Agnew (Marlborough Nomads), It. S. Walley (Clapham Hovers), B. Westray (Cumberland), and It. Walker (Lancashire). COMINQ nearer home, I am particularly pleased to be able to Btate that tbe Carlton Football Club, in conjunction with tbe Carlton Cricket Club, has at last secured permissive occupancy of the Prince's Oval iu Prince's Park. The Carlton Cricket Ground, with all its old-time reminiscences, will soon, therefore, be a thing of the past; and I much fear me there will not arise such master spirits as Messrs. Craven, C. Wilson, Dedman and Atyeo to present as excellent a compeer at such a minimum of cost. NatbeleBs, we have a Wally Donaldson and a George Browning at the helm now, and these twain are just about the right height to perfect a pleasure resort for footballers and cricketers "equalled by few and excelled by none." " I Buppose we will find you iBBuing debentures shortly," I remarked to rnv friend Wally C„ as he gave me the precious document from the Slinister of Lands to peruse last Saturday. " Oh. we have close upon a thou, of our own in the club fundB now, you know," was his auswer, "and no doubt we can add a few more to it if we want them.' Want them they undoubtedly will. THE special committee of the V.C.A. took the right course in awarding the Port Melbourne v. St. Kilda match to tbe Port Melbourne. That's always provided if the facts of tbe case as stated by " Felix" in last Saturday's Australasian be as correct as that eminent authority's statements usually are. He says:—" A refe rence to the score-sheet will show that the latter team (St. Eilda) bad it all its own way as far as victory is concerned, thanks to Fred Burton's capita] batting; but unfortunately tbere was a Blight bitterness occasioned when the St. Hilda captain declined to allow Testro (one of the not outs of the previous Saturday) to resume hiB innings upon arriving after play had started. This bitterness was kept up, and the Ports refused to permit substitutes to field for St. Kilda absentees. Substitutes, however, were taken on by St. Kilda without consent, and hence the protest." Upon those lineB I found my Ultipomatum that the St. Kilda boys acted in a very uncricketlike manner with regard to Testro. In Cricket the guiding principle should be to Beat tbe opposers—not to Best tuein. ONE cannot help reading the telegraphic accounts in tbe Argus without coming to the conclusion that under tbe guidance of Messrs. Sheridan and Gibson the members of the New South WaleB Cricketing Association are again about to make Goats of themselves over tbe Intercolonial Matches with Victoria. Bv their win-byany-means tacticB last year tbe N.S.W.C.A. have strangled interest in crickot in Sydney—that is, if one can form an opinion from the late correspondence in tbe Sydney Morning Heralil on the wane of cricket and the best means of resuscitating it. According tolatestadvicee, " Dave Gregory has decided upon reBting on his laurels, and has given notice of hii> intended retirement to tbe N.S.W.C.A." Which naturally cauMB "Bill Stumps" to Inquire—" Why is thiB thus?" The latest Capricornian development ol our f5 vdneycouBinB, however, is to dub the Victorian Cricketers' Association " anirresponsible body," and to demand that the Melbourne Cricket Club should enter intobonds for tbe due fulfilment by the Association of tbe contract entered into between that club and the N.S.W.C.A. before relegating the control of tbe Intercolonial matches back to tbe Victorian Association. 'Tis a curious development of a verity! Tbe New South Wales' delegate's eye-glass muBt have been a bit out of order when he visited Victoria last year, or el6e he would have clearly discerned that tbe powers that be in the Melbourne Cricket Club and on the Victorian CricketerB' Association are Men and not Things. OP course the cove as grinds out the Age leaders has got a Nnmbcr Nine Hump about the Earl of Hopetoun setting up Mr. Wallington as Political Secretary. But, what's Dioro to ttau point witb ub Colonials is tbo fact that, according to tbe World, 'Hr. Wallington ie a great cricketiug enthusiast, and succeeded to some extent in acclimatising tbs manly game ia Fiji. Tbe natives took to the game fair]? welJ,tbeir great difficulty being, however, that they do not care to confine themselves to tbe orthodox eleven players a side. Matches are often played in the islands witb forty or fifty a side, and a glorious indefiniteness is imparted to such games from the fact that every fresh party of arrivals on tbe scene h&B; to be 4 taken on.' Tbe game has been established, at any rate, and its popularity is now rapidly spreading. Tbe introduction of football into old Cakobau's dominions was not attended witb euch satisfactory results, by any means. Tbo first to introduce tbe came w&e; llatu Lai a, tbe iloke or Sub-Governor of Cakandrove, wbo was educated Englisbly at a college in Sydney. After instructing the people at hip capita] at Somo Somo in all tbe details, a game was solemnly started at tbat placo on one occasion. In less than balfan-bourone umpire was killed outright, and tbe other, after a hard struggle, succeeded iu getting into a canoe and pushing off to another island." So that tbe colonial Sairey Gamp can po and stick ber blooming 'ed in a sack, ae far as tbe Political Secretary is concerned. Waitington's a Sport I Therefore, 'null Bed. THE Hon, Alfred Deakin, whenever he is giving lecture on Peru, delights in ringing in a description of a Spanish bull-fight. It is a charming thing in its way, ana when I first heard it I accepted it as something tbe lectaier bad witnessed himself. But some time afterward I read identically tbe same description in an English paper, and then I began to have doubts as to whether tbe Hon. Alfred hadn't been playing it on to us when we foregathered to bear bim in Our Hall in Racecourae-road, Newmarket. And now tbat I have got bold of my latest files of tbe Manchester Sporting Chroniclc, I weaken on this point still further. List to tbe little " Ecboist" giving bis opinions anent a Spanish bull- fight:—How much, I wonder, do tbe managers of tbe new bull-fighting establishment in Paris pay to tbe correspondents of tbe Boglisb papers for denouncing tbe show? The pay must be good if tbe zeal witb which tbe denunciation is done can be accepted as a criterion. FriustanB:— The Spanish bull-baiting in the big Plaza de Toro, Paris, is going from bad to worse. On Sunday tbe amphitheatre was densely crowded, aud some English viBitons who ba i entered the place left it ia disgust whoa tbey saw a horse coiup etely disembowelled by tbe borne of a bull. Mark ye that} "Fancy some English visitors'' so shocked as to leave the scene of carnage without getting their money's worth. As tbe poet 6ays— " Metbinks I see 'em now 1" English visitors are ^exquisitely refined, thoirstomachs are so dainty, aud they do so abbor all semblance of roughness! Habal I am not a gambler—not by profession, but I will unhesitatingly bet you three bites of a cberry to one slice of cold pudding tbat tbe effect of tbe foregoing announcement will be to send all tbe Englishmen in tbe gay city straight to the bull <fight. They will all say to each other. "How shameful tbat a nation of such fine feelings as tbe English should be subjected to an exhibition so disgUEtingi" And then each man will say privately unto himself, " ho 1 I will go and get myself disgusted." But—although not a regular betting man—I will bet you six kicks of a mule to a bottle of Bass tbat tbe visitors wbo may be attracted to tbe Paris bull fights by the English papers'ingenious denunciations of them will see no borses " disembowelled by tbe borne of a bull." It is true I haven't Been these recent Parisian shows, but I have seen tbe fearless toreador on his native heath, eo to speak, and I don't think auy fearless toreador would be likely to trust himself within ten miles of any bull,whose hornecould disembowel anything stronger than a pigeon's egg. In the latter days of tbe Third Empire quite a gorgeous attempt was made to introduce tbe bloody excitement of tbe bull-fight into Ifrance, aud having at that time mauy opportunities of soeing how it was done, I came to tbe careful conclusion tbat a man or a horse lying down in a draughty field ran much more risk than a man or a horse in a bull-ring. Tbe bull, you see, i6 usually an animal of about tbe same type of ferocity as tbe wooden cow tbat is wont to create illusions in our breasts from tbe windows of tbe urban milkman. It is a sort of bull tbat you wouldn't throw at a cat unless you didu't want tbo cat over to Bpeak to you again—a sort of dish- clout-looking bull, which is kept standing up on bis legs by tbe reflection that bo could never raise himself up again if be once laid down—a bull tbat a compassionate person would be afraid to breathe on for fear lest the suspiration might knock bim over—a bull tbat—well, in short, a bull of a vigour exactly proportionate to tbe valour of the fearless and lousy toreador. Only for tbe purposes of the bull-figbtit is necessary to give the bull some appearance of vitality. If be wasn't made to move around uis circulation would probably get stopped, and, besides, tbe ball-fight species of bull couldn't very well stand still unless bo were propped up. And so they saw off his horns—saw tbem off close to tbe flesh just before the fight begins, and tbe bull is so dreadfully frightened lest any of tbe fearless toreadors should touch tbe fresh and bleeding wound that be is obliged to run. Then tbe fearless toreadors run too, and try to get in front of tbe bull, a feat wbicb, to do tbem credit, certainly requires a great deal of agility, for tbe bull is doing his level best all the time to get oat of tbe way, and it's mighty hard for a toreador to get within reach of bim. You see, that's where tbe excitement comes in; you wonder whether the wretched bull's legs will last long enough to enable him to dodge tbe reckless toreador until tbe latter has to stop to 6oratcb himself, wbicb is pretty often But, as for disembowelling horses, I think a toothless babe would bo more likely to diBembowel bis pillow with biB tougue than a bull-fight bull to disembowel anything tougher tbau a piece of melted butter. I should think so. If I were constrained to back oue or the other, I would put my money on the babe. Yet, I can believe tbat " some EugUsb visitors left in disgust." Tbo cruelty to the poor old bull in a Bpanish bull-fight always did strike me as disgusting. You can say what you like, it was a jolly good penn'orth, and if tbere bad been any " sugar11 (Gardiner) behind it there's no doubt it would have become a rattling good property before long. But when gentlemen were presented witb paid-up shares (representing £200 each) for allowing their names to appear as directorswell, tbero yoa are—where are youPass over tbe castanets, please. Thanks. Tbe Sporting Wire Co. was among Journalistic experiments youug; And the Sporting Wire crowd Are now under a cloud, For tbe Sporting Wire Co. has gone bung. IT was witb feelings of unmixed satisfaction that I saw my old chum Bob (I hope be will excuse iny familiarity in calling bim Bob) Greig unanimously appointed as manager for tbe Victorian Intercolonial team wbo will try conclusions witb tbe doughty South Australians on Friday, lfHh December, and following days, at tbe Adelaide Oval. (No, uo, sir ; 'pou honour; there was uo intentiou on my part to allude to the farinaceous colony when I dubbed her representatives as dougb-ty.) Tbe Victorians will leave fipencer-6treet by traiu on Tuesday, 10th December, and will be finally selected from tbe following:—M'llwraitb, Edwards, Walters, Blackbam, H. Trumble. Phillips, Harry, Dryedale, Lewis, Trott, J. E. and E. A. Barrett. Tarrant, Morris* Bowman, Ingleton, Over, Freeman, Browning, Dealey, Mills, Hayes and M'JJeod. Any of tbe players named wbo will be unable to plav in the match are requested to notify to Mr E D. Heather, secretary of tbo V.C.A., Mechanics' Institute, South Melbourne, as early as convenient. THERE was a first class bit of sport at Co&tello; and Nathan's Apollo Hall on last Saturday evening, when Jim Saxon, of New Zealand, and Tommy Williams, of Carlton, met for an eight-round go. The boys are fairly matched, but Williams bas the better physique, and is rather the more muscular, though Saxon is a wiry, determined looking young fellow, lo tbe third round Saxon got heavily on to bis opponent'6 chin, and began to look a winner, but in tbe fifth round Tommy wired in and fairly fought his man out of time by 6beer pluck and condition. After taking bis ten seconds once Saxon went down again to rise no more-until after time was called. Tbe lads were loudly cheered, aud deserved great credit for the fair style in wbicb tbey met each other. THE Queen's Prize at the Victorian Rifle Association MatcbeB this year has been carried off by Sergeant F. Login, of the C. B&ttery; Field Artillery Brigade, His score at 800 yards waB 44 pointSi and at 900 yards 40 points. By late English files 1 discover that in tbe official results of tbe weekly "shoot" of the North London Rifle Club, issued on tbe 3rd October, a record of unprecedented shooting is given. Under Queen's Prize third stage conditions (10 6bots at 800 and 90U yards with tbe Martini-Henry), Sergeant Fulton, of tbe Queen's Westminster Volunteers, and last year's Queen's Prizeman, made tbe aggregate of 94 points out of tbe possible 100, thus establishing a record for these distances. Fulton scored 47 at each range, his 20 shots comprising 15 bull's-eyes, four inners, and one magpie. WHEK tbe American baseball players were hero (remarks au English paper) whatever interest was taken in tbem was with regard to tbeir remarkable curve pitching or bowling. A player named Godfrey bas just been killed near New York by one of these pitched balls. He was at tbe bat when tbe pitcher sent a ball, which Godfrey thought was going to strike bim. He dodged, but tbe ball took a curve, and struck him on the temple, knocking bim senseless. He never recovered conscious* ness, and died shortly afterwards. This unfortunate accident is not an argument against tbe American sty! e of pitching, but it is certain tbat tbe wonderful ability of American pitchers to send balls which nobody can hit divests tbe game of most of its interest for Englisbmen, and when one cannot even dodge tbem it is nearly as bad as being shot at. •JOE DABBY, the champion jumper of Great Britain, seems to have completely recovered from bis recent accident, and is evidently in bis old form again, for on the 4tb October, at tbe Gaiety, Liverpool, where he bad been fulfilling a successful week's engagement, be succeeded in creating another record by jumping, in two springs with «eights, 28ft. Tin, which beat his previous best by no less tbau 4ft. Sin. OF course yon saw those two contradictory cablegrams in tbe Argus and tbe Age last Friday about tbe article in tbe English Standard anent tbe proposed Australian Eleven. Well, then, you can bet your bottom dollar, tbat tbe Ananias statement is a bolstered-up, if not a faked-up, one; for at a meeting of the Gloucestershire County Cricket Club held at the Grand Hotel, Bristol, on Wednesday, the 9th October, it wa&decided; to play seven inter-county matches in 1690. and two with tbe Australians. Three connty and one Australian march will be decided on the County Ground, at Bristol; one county match and the other fixture with tbe Australians will constitute the Cheltenham week; while two county matches will be played at Clifton College and oneat Gloucester. Two waiters were charged with pocketing billiard-balls at tbe West London Police Court recently, and were committed for three montbB. Whilst waiting in the gaoler's room afterwards, ooe of tka prisoners jumped through an open window, and pocketed himself in a hole seven feet deep, in a fruitless endeavour to escape. Walter Gregson, at Boyle and Scott's, says it is to be hoped that this affair will not be taken as a moral to youug men not to play billiards, although ae tbe ordinary youth is scarcely ever guilty of pocketing a ball, be will not feel tbat the case applies to him. UP to Saturday, the 21st September, Douovau had won, in stakes alone, as a two-year-old and threeyear- old, no less than I\5J,00G J AKD SO, thank Heaven ! thU week's screed is done. Tbe rest isa blank, sir 1 As blank as were, after tbe Melbourne Cup Meeting, tbe faces of all those wbo backed other turf propbots than " Augur." Besides, I cut my wrist just now trying to knock the bead olf a bottle of Castlemaiue ale witb a tomahawk, which causes the business of writing to be attended witb a considerable amouut of pain. Aud yet, metbinks, sir, 'tis my life's ambition, after all, to be accounted a bewmy-wrist—I mean, of course, a humorist. OLYMPUS. 