GROWTH OF METHODISM. THIED JUBILEE CELEBRATION. On Wednesday evening a public meeting took place in the Firie-street Wesley an Chnrch to celebrate the third jubilee of Methodism. There was a large congregation, the spacious edifice being well filled. The P&E8IDEHT; of the CONFEBENCE (Rev. D. Wylie), who occupied the chair, stated tbat it was in 1739 that the first Society class was formed in the City of London by John WeBley. It then consisted of eight or ten persons, bnt that insignificant Society soon increased, and became the Methodism of today—one of tbe most wonderful religions organizations ever seen. At a conference held in London in 1SS1 a carefully prepared statement showing the position ot Methodism was presented, and from this report it appeared that then there were 32,172 ministers, 84,553 local preachers, 4,795,116 members, 59,161 Sanday-sshoolB, 577,542 teachers, and 4,480,634 scholan. Since tbat report was presented it had been estimated that there were from twenty-live to twenty-eight million of Methodists in the world at the present time, and, as one authority had stated, that there were nov more MethodiBts than there were Englishmen of all creeds when John Wesley was at Oxford. When they thought of the power of Methodism of to-day, with its strong creeds, their ministers of ability and intelligence, their lay agencies, schools, Colleges.^ printing presses and newspapers, book Societies and book depots, missions and missionaries, their humane philanthropic and benevolent institutions, and remembered that that was only their third Jubilee, they might well rejoice and exclaim with thankful hearts, "What has God wrought." John Wesley was described as the founder of Methodism; bet while they revered the name of WeBley they all acknowledged that a greater than WeBley was in the movement that led to the formation of this vast organization. Referring to the families of Wesley an authority had stated that it seemed the Divine Ruler of the world had been preparing the men for generations before their time and was determined upon the great mission He had for them to do. The WesIevB did not start out with any preconceived idea of what they wonld attain, and they knew nothing of the great results that would follow their labours; but we knew that Methodism of to-day. with all its vastness and power and influence, was the outcome of a special interposition, and was marked by a high Divinity. They looked forward to the future with great hope, and their preacberB wonld cope with the work and go on with the old qualification of the "Holy Ghost oome down from Heaven." If the varions sections of Methodism did not come into organized communion they would come closer together. They were coming closer together—(cheers)—and he ventured to predict that fifty years hence, when the population of the world would be far greater, and the population of Austra lasia twenty millions Methodism would go on " flexible, beneficent, and bold," and be one of the great forces operating npon the minds of the human race. The Rev. R. S. CASELY, an ex-President of the WeBleyan Conference, gave an interesting history of Methodism Bince its inception. He stated that Methodism was generally regarded as having begun in November, 1739, but on Monday, May 1,1738. tbe little Society began in London. It Bteadily increased, and in January, 1739, the Society consisted of about Bixty persons. Wesley's situation was unique, for he was responible to no human authority, and his position at the head of the growing Societies was that of an autocrat, but be did not use it as an autocrat- Wesley carefully settled all tbe Church property of his day npon trusts, but he constituted a conference that should legally take the bnrden of Church government he had carried along. Beginning with one man the distribution of that power to 100 men was a great advance. There were some prominent features in early Methodism that were worthy of examination. It started with a doctrinal system so Scriptural that to-day they accepted it without compromise. Methodiem began its great evangelistic work free from the fetter of a State Church, and qnite untrammelled as to the method to be employed. To the end of his days Wesley was strongly attached to the Episcopal Church, and for years his prejudices were greatly in favonr of episcopacy. Fortunately be was a learner, and Bishop Stillingfieet taught him that the so-called apostolic succession was as " muddy as the Tiber itself." Wesley therefore ordained men for the work of the ministry. In the liberty he possessed he began outdoor preaching. ThiB was not an unheard of thing, yet in his time it was novel. An itinerant ministry if not a novelty was an adaptation to the need of the times that did very much to prevent Methodism from sinking into a stagnant condition. To keep from ignorance and fanaticism he gave to his preachers and people reprints of tbe very best theology the Church possessed. He made large use of unordained men as preachers, and he was called to vindicate the course he adopted. Thus Methodism began. It was a child of Providence. It began in meetings held for prayer, and for the study of God's Word. It grew in spite of the fierce opposition that assailed it. The I Primitive Methodists and Bible Christian Churches were as burning coals from off its altar. The great ChurcheB of America and Canada were direct descendants of the mother of them all. Dealing with modern Methodism Mr. Casely stated that during the last 100 years the changes in Methodism had been neither few nor small, yet these changes had been developments of the earlier meetings rather than radical alterations. Growths from the parent stock, not graftings of a different character. Doctrinally John Wesley's sermons were still their standard, and the other institutions were all carried on in his plan. Modern Methodism bad passed through times of storm and strife, but it had grown until it was not inaptly represented as "a fruitful bough, even a plentiful bough by a wall whose branches run over the wall." The position of Methodism of to-day testified of the splendid liberality of its people. Speaking of the future, he said that Methodism at home had seen a danger in being scheduled. The routine work and merely clerical had overshadowed the spirituaL There was a danger of over connexionaliBm, and this would be a danger and a burden unless every member and every Circuit helped to bear the load. But this overdone connexionalism was working a cure in some direction, as the new conferences were being formed and the district meetings taking a larger share of their work. The share their laymen were to take in their work must steadily increase. In ordinary political matters Methodism had no unity. Conservative and Liberal sat side by side in their fellowship, yet there were great social problems in which unity of operation was desirable. There ought to be general nnity of aim when dealing with such questions as war, temperance, rescue of thef alien, and improvement of the home life of tbe poor. Some of the questions connected with tbe rights of labour should be met by the practical answer the influence of the united Churches could give. The disturbing element in the educational department of the country could be solved if the united ChurcheB of Methodism and of the land had their own day schools. Surely one hour's religious instruction in their Sunday-schools in a week was not all they ought to provide. Higher education the Chnrch supplied, but tbe edncation of the bulk of their children they left to the State. The many uncared-for lambs were their reproaches. The recent agitation respecting the foreign missions affairs of their Church showed the deep interest the people took in tbe work. It was a pity all branches of the Church did not unite in sustaining their Chnrch in the heathen lands. The question in Methodism to-day was how to foster the love of Christian fellowship. How to exercise discipline and spiritual oversight over those who found their homes in Methodism, bnt were really outside its membership, he wonld not pronounce npon ; but be believed tbe fellowship and spiritual oversight of the class meeting must be maintained. In WeBleyan Methodism what was known as the forward movement was one of tbe hopeful facts. In its spirit it was a revival of early Methodism, and to reach the multitude outside their congregations they muBt adopt other plans tbao those of their present regular service. He hoped a way would soon be found by which poor Circuits would be set free from the burden of connexional charges until they were strong enough to bear them. As to Methodist union, be Baid that the indications did not lie eo much in the way of crganic union as in that of a federation of Methodism. He did not see why the Churches of Methodism in each colony could not have training Colleges for students for the ministry. Why could they not determine in brotherly couneel where in new settlements their ChurcheB should be established, so as to prevent tbe overlapping now complained of ? In Australasian Methodism they ought to be able to agree to UBe one hymn-book, one book of offices, and one set of lessons for all their own Echools, and should be -ble o maintain one weekly newspaper in ^ach coltny, and a quarterly magazine for all the colonies. However systematic WeBleyan Methodism and Universal Methodism might be, a stereotyped form of Methodism would be most unmethodistic. In Methodism their aims must remain ever the sane as at the firEt, but there must be such adaptations of methods as the changing times and conditions of society might require. The Rpv. J. G. WEIGHT (Primitive Methodist) eaid Mr. Casely had spoken about union, but he thonght his idea wonld not not work. It was sot their fault that they . were not united. All their ministers deslrei to be joined together. When the Wesleyan and Primitive Methodists separated it was no split. Since then they had gone on and prospered. The Primitive Methodists were not quite eighty years of age, ana the latest statistics showed that they had 228,365 members of Society. Their ministers numbered 1,038; Churches and other places, 5,901; hearers, 581,253; and the value of their property was £3,218,327, whilst the books sold for the London depot last year were 2,101,660; and they also had a Children Orphanage and three Colleges. They conld not live on the past. They were sending a Methodist to heaven every three hours, and all the past generations of Methodists were looking down npon them, and expected every man to do hiB dnty. The Rev, J. THORNE (Bible Christian) waa very pleased to be present and represent bis body. In this celebration he would like to sink every difference, As to any disunion, there was none. In meetings of that sort it was impossibie for them to feel bnt as one. Methodism was one of the greatest facts in the world's history. John Wesley's work was second to none in the world. Methodism conld not advance without advancing every other branch of the Christian Chnrch. One result of these celebrations, which were being held all over the world, he hoped would be that tbe young Methodists wonld study Methodist literature. So far as his body waa concerned it was not a split. Dealing with the progress in that body in the old country, he stated that one reason why they had not gone ahead like the other sections waa on account of their Bending all the best men out to the colonies, first to North America, and then to Australia, to evangelize the colonies. What concerned them most waa the future of Methodism, and it was a glorious future he believed. "There was no sign of deoay. The Methodirt Chnrch was essentially a poor man's Church, and it must remain BO. One reason why the poor did not attend the Church was that the working men recognised that during the last forty years the Churoh had not been witb them, and John Wesley was not ashamed of the poorer classes, and the old Methodism must be revived, and the poor made welcome. Speoial music waa provided by the choir ( with Mr. W. B. Chinner as organist. At the close a comprehensive vote of thanks waa carried on the motion of the Rev. E. Gratton, seconded by the Rev. C. T. Newman. 