LADY DIANA'S DIAMONDS: L West Mallion is a sleepy, easy-going little red-brick town, that lies sunning itself on the southern slope of a hill. .. A cycling tourist now and then wheels himself into view, gingerly skirting the cobble-stones ; the three yonng ladies from the rectory, with their baskets and red memoraodnm-books, trndge past in a violent hurry, on parish work intent ; and occasionally the great barouche and pair from Mallionhay rambles in majes tically, with handsome Lady Diana Mallion and her pretty daughter, Miss Muriel Dasent, come to do as much shopping as the enterprise of the West Mallion tradesmen will allow them. The Mallions always, deal in the place, ' like real gentlefolk as they are,' the landlord of the. M&Uion; Arms is wont to observe approvingly on these occasions. , . , And then he goes on to recall the good old times as he remembers them before Sir Henry's accident, when open house was kept at MilUonhay, and there was coming and going, and the carnages and horses of guests overflowed the Mallionhay stables into those of the Mallion Arms, and money changed hands merrily. In those good old times before the dark, dark day when Sir Henry killed King Cole, the best horse in his stable, _in Fanner Tippinge's gravel- pit alongside Withal Spinney — not to speak of damaging his own head to that extent that all the London doc tors conldn't rightly say whether they conld ever get the sense back into it again. Then, perhaps by way of illustration to the story, a glimpse might be had of : poor Sir Henry himself lying back in a corner of the carriage amongst his cosh- ions, a silk cap polled low over his brow to conceal the crnel scars left by the horse's trampling hoofs ; the dim.ghost' of his old jovial smile crossing his face now and then when his wife called his attention to some friendly greeting, or be vaguely recogoised some familiar object. It was a piteous eight. Lady Diana did not care to let him be seen too often. She wonld. more frequently ride into the town alone, or accompanied by her young daughter, a slight, graceful slip of a lass with a sweet, wilful, spoilt- child face, and great dusky, inscrutable eyes. ' Nothing to her mother,' mine host would opine, his reminiscences forthwith meandering back to the best of all old times when Sir Henrv married his beautiful wife, an earl's daughter and the widow of John Dasent, the richest manin London — though be, the narrator, was given to understand that her money did nobody any particular good, being all tied up tight by the lawyers for MIsb Muriel, who wouldn't get It till she came of age the year after next. The Mallion Arms stands in the mar ket-place, of course ; and at its lowest and most retired corner is the dark, small-paned window of 'Mark Serafton, Watchmaker and Jeweller.' Withib, Mr. Mark Serafton himself is generally to be found — a sedate, pale and gentle manly young man, concerning whom West Mallion is divided in its mind. He has been amongst them for more than a dozen years and they have not succeeded yet in analysing and formu lating him. There is nothing against him that anyone knows. He came with the highest recommendations to ' old Bel- shaw ' as his assistant, married ' old BelshawV daughter, succeeded in the natural coarse of things to 'old Bel- shaw's' business, and baring buried both his young wife and her old father, lived on peaceably and prosperously in the signs 01 an men. Yet there . is a vague, floating idea that Mr. Serafton and West Mallion have after all little in common. He has, it is rumoured, ' London connec tions,' wealthy folk of his own, from whom he parted in a boyish whim. It is certain that he has money, at command ; and many a prosperons- looking agriculturist, driving past on a Tuesday with his smart trap and horse, thinks uncomfortably of sundry docu ments reposing in the safe custody of Mr. Serafton'8 strong-box. It is also certain that the ordioaiy traffic of the shop would not keep him in board and lodging for a day, let alone his stalwart nephew, Robert Belshaw, with whom, on the evening when tins story begins in earnest, he was taking, a substantial tea in the parlour behind the shop. The master was engaged with a scien tific review, the apprentice with broiled ham and eggs. The . shop door-bell gave a faint tinkle. Robert hurried off to attend it, disgustedly, with his month full, and Mr. Serafton laid down bis book and emptied hiB cap. ' Two ladies wish to eee yon, sir, announced Robert, returning ; and Mr. Serafton, hastening into the dusky shop, bowed to two dusky figures blocking out the light from the doorway. ' We've come oh private business,' said the foremost 'Can't you take us somewhere where wecan be quiet t, 'Certainly, madam. Robert 1 You may sbnt up, and then -finish .your tea. Please step this way.' And he ushered the two into a dark little private office looking on the side street. He was not anaccnstomed to visits of a confidential nature, and had, ..-by practice, grown expert in taking his clients' measure - in the first few rapid glances. In those three short steps from shop to office he noticed the dreBB, air and gait of the two -women ; iaud-; ' fore he had drawn .-down the window- blind and tamed dp the' gits, had made a string of accurate little observations that! proved nsetnl later on. : r y t ' A lady f was his comment .on Ahe one who had not spoken.-: ' Holdsfobr" head high ; vol unnecessarily. foick made .the other 'fall back' to let her pass first ; stepB well. 1 . The . other ! — her maid I No. Shoulders square ; chert fiat; stride, too long for her skirts. Not a woman stall!' - ; He politely ' handed forward two chairs, and then placed himself on the far tide of his writing-table. : '5: >1 ' Yon are in . the., money, Mr. Serafton 1' the.-' Iriybgan- in a low tone. j jt Hebowed. .'Iniay frayejflpqejgafo a thing in a- small way," deprecating shrug; 'hot in the. regular cotntse of my Vofiness.' - j broke iAe ilOTi3y, pushing before foeothoc. "" .tA; forge sum!... Twenty —thirty — did you want as much as fifty F asked the jeweller, speaking deliberately with intention, while he, fixed his ken) eyes, as if considering on the speaker's' free. 'It would, of conrse, depend on circa in stances. For instance, on the security yon had to offer——.' Then he mentally ran on: 'Dark; small-featured for his size ; round red hps.; left eye-tooth broken riff short ; somethiog marked about the eyebrows ; seen eyebrows like them - before — where was It! gipsy bat pulled down well over them.' ' Fifty 1' was the ' reply, ' with a Scoff. 'You do bnsinesson a larger scale than that, as wehapp,en to know, sir. Fifty ! Fifty hundred would be nearer, the mark. Of - coarse we've gat security : good solid stuff, worth double the amount.' . He was carrying a black leather bag, a fact which Mr. Serafton bad also duly noted and weighed. 'Not ..his wife, rh-i. _l L.lJ -I L lUfib, (Htm sue U. lutvo AJOCel WO UllO Ml cany the load.' Look here !' and he brought it down on the table with- an ostentations bang. Mr. Serafton watched, him , in silence. The bag contained a number of leather cases and some small articles tied' up in a silk handkerchief His client opened the first case, and poshed it across tb him' defiantly. The jeweller gazed in speechless won der. Jewels were the one ardent, ab sorbing, all-devouring passion of the grave yonng man's life. He gazed on the rabies with wondering, awe-struck admiration ; touched them with tender, dexterons fingers ; held them to the light ; breathed on them; rubbed them; and laid them in their case, still gazing in a sort of devotional ecstasy. 'Now, look at these.' Next came a cross of emeralds, flaw-j less beyond' all his experience, and of a rich, intoxicating depth of colour. Then a set of huge cameos, costly in their day, in. a rich, ugly, expensive setting." Then came out of a shabby, old-fashioned case a girlish string of pearls, with a coronet and initials in pearls on the clasp. Followed by a miscellaneous collection of valuables. Mr. Serafton turned them over, weighed, handled and valued. ' How much did you want!' he asked dub iously. ' Five thousand.' 'Quite impossible,' he replied de cidedly. 'That is their utmost valoe.' Then he proceeded to explain, as the two looked at one another disconcerted. ( T rannnt. in ftnv easfl advance von the money from my own resources. I know where it is to be got, and am prepared to do the best I can to obtain it for you on reasonable terms. But I am bound to protect myBelf from any possible risk. I should not take these trinkets, for example, nnder any circum stances without a clear understanding of how you came to offer them to me, I know these too well to be mistaken in them ' — and he fingered the emeralds lovingly — though I have only met them once before. They, and all the rest are, I believe, the property of Sir Henry Mallion.' The previous speaker, with a low imprecation, brought his fist down violently on the table; but was silenced by his companion, who, stepping forward with mnch dignity, lifted her veil, say ing : I can satisfy you on that point, I think. I am Lady Diana Mallion.' Mr. Serafton bowed profoundly. ' Let me understand exactly what you can do for me. I have immediate need of a large sum of money at once and unknown to my husband. You are aware of his condition. I have entire authority to act for Mm. When he comes to himself I am convinced he Will Ueoi UIO UU>> All U16 wutso wusvu a. am pursuing. For the present I desire to keep the matter secret.' ' Anything I can do to oblige your ladyship ' ' I want, as you have heard, £5,000.' 'I might manage with the aid of friends to raise as much on your lady ship's personal security.' ' That might involve interviews — lawyers— I might die,' she said agitat edly. ' It wonld never do. Let me hear what yon can do for me with these. They are all my own. Nothing of Sir Henry's — of my daughter's even— amongst them. Wkat Me .they worth I' ' I conld negotiate the sale of these for you,' he replied, putting aside the rabies and the emerald cross, ' bat it is a risk. Selling in haste means certain loss.' She shook her head. 'You hear,' the whispered to the other. ' Do yota expect me to do more for you f Take the things yourself and make what you can of them.' ' And raise a hue and ciy at my heels directly ? Thank you, no, my lady ! I made my contusions preny ounnct, |i fancy, and I mean to stick to them,' hie growled enllenly : Mr. Serafton catchinig the sense of the words by instinct from the fragments of syllables that reached Mm. He waited curiously. ; ' Then there 1b one more alternative;' spoke Lady Diana as last. ' You know the Msllion diamonds f; The jeweller's eyes sparkled. 'Know them well my. lady I' If you had those, could you raise tne the .money X want "on .them ! They are worth snore than tea times the sum.' - 'They, are; but— excuse me— -they are celebrated stones, heir-looms, Ihave been given to understand. -It would be difficult to pledge them segretly.' : 'jThere is no need for .secrecy.: ; All the world may know thit -you have'-' thepa- in keeping— tobeetearedt- pfWh&teVer; pretext you like "to" choose, ;iThey aire Seirloomebnt Sir Henry has noheir— OOp jaeigupBfc uu|jau/uuu«ui WJlfon fodeffoltfoey.were settled An me at foe time" of. pur murine; J .may be before very long— die catc her com panion's eyes fixed eedBy onlier — ' through the ..generosity of ja,fnend tot whom I may make -my need fcnown,' she went on poiuteaijr. . i With'MtSerafton'slimp, shersplacod . them aside. Then sha-Hiveated herself of the MrgjofoakAhe avore. IJnderneath T&W; ® pinned dorter "" " ; .; 5 coronet of lesser stare in her bair. From a small chamois bag she raided out ear drops, pins for the hair, clasps, lockets, stary stars to form pendants or brooches at will. The jeweller drew back dazzled at the glittering treasures flashing and scintillating in the light of his one poor gas-jet, but the other bent forward with a deep ejaculation and a face of endden savage greed. Lady Diana stripped heiself of her glittering burden, giving eacd article,one by one, to the jeweller, who examined it reverently, in a sort of dnmb ecstacy. The Mallion diamonds 3 He conld hardly find breath to answer her next words'. ' Then I suppose yo.u can manage. the bnsiness for me ! Come over to Mallion hay to-morrow, and tell me what I rim to do. I am going to leave them here to- night.' Both her hearers started, and Mr. Serafton felt Ms knees give way with Why not!. They will be safe here- Yon can give me a receipt, of course. And fon,' to her companion, ' stand over there y the door whilst the listis being made ont' \- Mr. -Serafton made ont his inventory with, trembling fingers, and a heart beat ing wildly with rapture. He laid each piece of jewellery on a velvet lined tray is. hecatalogned it, Lady Diana paying less heed to his proceedings than ifit hid been a discarded heap of child's playthings. She stood erect and watch- fal between the diamonds and the' form by the door. . At 'the clang of the door of tne iron I safe she' turned. ' Is that seenre V '"Perfectly. Butglar-and-fire-proof, my kdj-' ' Good 1 Yon will keep a watchman in the foop.' , - < ' My nephew Robert shall sleep there.' ' And a dog who knows his badness!' ' I think the last man who fonnd his way info the back-yard In an irregular manner was quits satisfied of the fact.'. Then you'll, -want everyone of them this week. Double every precaution that yon have e'rer imagined, and yon Will still be insecure. Good-nighp.1 Then, bowingjgracioosiy to the amazed young tradesman, she . . crushed the receipt unread into her pocket and swept oat after her companion with undim inished dignity. ... ' Down the empty little by-lane the two passed like.black shadows, the man slouching along ahead, Lidy Diana following leisurely. They passed out Of the town into the open cbnntiy, taking short cuts and field- Dsths till- the? reached the main road at a cross way, where one arm of the finger-port bore 'To Mallionhay,' and the other 'To London.' ' There's your road,' said Lady piana. ' Ah, but suppose I won't takB it V broke ont the man fiercely. ' Suppose I won't be shipped off to Australia for the next year or so ! I've been doing some tMnking on the way, and I've about decided to stay at home, and spoil your game for yon ; as I shonld like to spoil yonr sneering face this minute.' And he turned savagely on her, his own face white and evil in the moonlight. The disdain on her face deepened a trifle as she answered Mm composedly. ' No, you will not do that, though I am here alone, and not a man within hail. Yon will not do that, for I am the one person in the world to whom you can turn for help.' ' Fine help ! Call it by its right name. Say you are buying me off and doing it cheaply.' 'You will have three thousand pounds paid down. That will be more than enough to silence all those whom yon have reason to fear. Yonr passage and outfit will be paid for. You will land hundred pounds will he placed in your hands on landing. After that yon will receive ten pounds weekly as long as you abstain from annoying us. Do yon at present see your way to getting better terms for yourself from any one else t' ' How am I to trust you P ' Because it is to my interest to keep faith with yon. I know I am only keep ing off an evil day for a time, sod that some day foe money may give ont, and my hold over you will cease. But it is for my husband's sake that I stoop so low as to trade with you thus.' He laughed jeeringly. ' For Sir Henry's sake solely, of coarse We understand each other, madam.' Then he drew nearer, his eyes gleam ing with an eager light from out his disguise. He spoke in his natural voice now. It was deep and musical, a pleas ing voice to listen to, and its tones were fall of soft persuasiveness. ' Why shonld we be enemies !' he asked gently. ' You are dealing generously by me ; don't yon suppose I might be minded to do the same by yon wnen my vara tohum apiieruiusi/ » Remember, yon have only seen the worst of me. Now you have given me a chance, and I'll show you I can make the most of it. What's to prevent me being as good a gentleman as another after a year or two in society f ' I hope yon will — for all our sakes,' she said gravely, knowing at the same time how utteriy hopeless it was to ex pect anything like reformation from him. ' A gentleman,' he repeated eagerly. Not a bad one to look at rather. Why shouldn't good blood show itself in me as well as another ! Say that I come home in a couple of years with a new name and good introductions. Suppose I am content to let my claims pn you drop for ever, and ask you to do nothing but keep foe secret and give me yonr friendship — — . \- -'FriendsMp with yon !' ' Yonll'fihd-it better than my enmity, _ _ I.Jm ( TP Pm /innfnn f/1 Inava VAlt undistoihedi-at -Mallionhay and take pretty Muriel and old Dreent's money as- paymeot-in ibil of all inconvenient Then the sobrnfol conposore of her fa'nSshed'in'flaffiiug imtiL - J ' Villain T she cried. ' Dare to take my little dfoigiftepB ? iuimebet weeri iyonr lips and J.o sbaight to iny husband and arte foe rifo of all !— Now go -yonr »«y.' pBW Sr. .( He scowled at her in silence ; then alprikaway"dowiiifaewMte,moonllt road out of her right Aa ..Jutti s£j. tne in foil wlfo .yoM=dlamo-ySir girl — Mallionhay 3 Ah, and when I have stripped you of all, the score will be still unsettled.' The footfall of some chance wayfarer sonnded afar through the night'e stillness, and he trudged sullenly on towards his destination. IL A year or two, more or less, mattered little to West Mallion. A stranger re turning after such an interval might see little change ie the sleepy market- place, in the yonng ladies from the rectory, or the political out-look according to the country paper. Only the dwellers themselves were conscionB of a subtle stir and brightening of the atmosphere, of an exhilarating suggestion in the sir that the bad times lay behind now and the good times' were coming, if not actually come. Prices ranged no higher on a market day than they did before, but Mallionhay was open again enter taining the whole conntry-side right rneallv .Mine host of the Mallion Arms had advanced with the times, and enter tained the.lonngers in the bar with an entirely new. series of reminiscences, beginning with the description, given with much 'gusto, of how the ..great foreign doctors had, so to speak, cut Sir Henry's head right open and set the inside to. rights as good as ever and concluding with a detailed account of the grand doings at the christening of the splendid young heir that Lady Diana had brought home with her. The family were putting up , a big stained window in,' -the church as a thank- offering, whether for Sir Henry's head or the baby he couldn't rightly say. It might be for Miss Muriel's coming of age, after all That yonng l&iy; ?iad something to be thankf nl for to be sore. Nigh upon a. million, he was given to understand, all for her own spending. It's a serious thing to think of; Ah, there she was, a -coming from foe church sure enough; arid her mother, too, and a finer pair you'll see nowhere — though for choice give him. lady Diana. 'Good-day, my lady; good- day, miss.' Lady Diana walked her horse a few steps farther, then turned and beckoned to him. She looking weff .and handsome, fall of light and brightness. Muriel drooped a little in her saddle,, and looked around with wistfnl, perplexed eyes, as if Care had somehow set her mark on the young beauty and heiress whose coming birthnight ball was the talk and expectation of three counties. ' What has become Of Mr. Serafton !' asked Lady Diana. ' I See the shatters closed. Has he left the town for good ?' Now, of all people in West Mallion, Lady Diana was best able to give news of the absent jeweller, bat she had her own reasons for asking. ' Mr. Serafton, my lady, left foe town — let me see — more than a year ago ; nearly two it must be. His father sent for him, I am given to understand. A great diamond merchant, I think — I don't quite remember the name of the firm ; perhaps your ladyship might have known it. They do say that he has made his son a partner : bat we've all lost right of him here.' They rode silently homewards, side by ride; in the green summer twilight of the leafy lanes. ' Shall yon go to London to morrow!' Muriel inquired at last. ' To London ! No, child. The diamonds are at Soutbbeach. They are in Mr. Seraf ton's charge, and he is at the Sonthheach place of bnsiness. Yes, I mast go there to-morrow and make some arrangement abont the diamonds for that night at least. Yon heard what yonr father J.- T Jti) nnl Tlilrit he ennli) have been so agitated abont anything.' ' Poor mother,', and Muriel leant from her saddle to stroke her hand. 'He did not mean to be angry with you. Yon know the doctors said he might have queer fancies and irritate himself abont trifles. He has approved of everything else you have doue daring his illness.' I mart set his mind kt rert about those wretched diamonds at all risks.' ' Of coarse you can,' interrupted Muriel cheerily. 'Why, by the evening you want them I shall have been able to draw yon a cheque for Mr. Serafton's whole claim. I mean to do what I choose with my money, unquestioned, aud independently, I can tell yon, mother dear.' Oh, darling,' sighed Lady Diana, if yon knew the relief it has been to tell yon my troubles. If Sir Henry had bat recovered as completely as we hoped he wonld, there wonld have been no farther need for these odioiis deceptions ' Perhaps there never was the need,' Muriel said in a low voice. ' Perhaps if you naa sraswm mo wu« «««» wmo » your secret — the purpose for wMch yoa wanted the money.' Marie!! my child, what do yon mean!' The groom here rode forward to open the park gate, and they were perforce eilenU Under the portico of the hoose they conld see Sir Henry waiting to receive them with jovial, loud- voiced greeting. In the hell a footman de livered a request from the nurse that ' my lady wonld come into the nursery before the yonng gentleman was settled to sleep.' It seemed honre before she conld seek the privacy of her own dress ing-room, where . she fonod Muriel standing by the window ia deep thoaght, still In her habit, nervously twisting the lafo of her riding-whip. . ' Mother f she cried, as Lady Diana, entered,- ' Oh, mother I If you had bat fold me!' There was reproach mIhmIaJ wnt-h BAvvnv in liAr Vfllftfl. L ___ — — — Told you! What have you heard,: child?. - . „ .'JEveryfcbingj It _hasJsejghediike a etone here,%and-ehe pressed her hands on her heart imetnonBlyr 'To think of ybtir stooping - to deceit rind bribery. Oh, mother ' ' . ' . Bat, darling, I to dot Think nf Sir Henry,' -rinedrhe . mother wlldjy. '. VHow5 wae X to deal with the stall ; . 'Trust Mm! Trast"hi8 noblenatnre, hfehfofoWfoaflyforiing,- honour,' -Jog Mfwttonforjfoefother renonnced himCViftPL; phh fook yonr money. You leftMm nb ofoer resource. He took but &tswUy;%isio,what we hkd; Keen foufie Tyiai«i f«rMB foat he «»y safely cbme forwardr and claim hie own, then yon shall eee how little your bribe was needed to buy his forbearance towards his father 3' Lady Diana stood like a stone statne, her dilated eyes fixed on the excited girl, her lips growing whiter and whiter with terror. ' Child ! Mariel ! . Am I mad f Who is this that yon are speaking of to me ! Where have yon met Mm ! How has he dared to epproach yon ? 'At Florence,' the girl said more steadily. 1 While yon were absorbed in nursing Sir Henry after the operation. He only came to me for news. He could not bear the snspeose longer. Whet else conld he have done! You had forbidden him to address yon or Mb father. I used to meet him every evening ; that is ' — for Lady Diana started and shuddered — 'I used just to speak a few words from the balcony and he wonld go away satisfied. He never wrote to me till baby was born. I conld not meet him then. I was too mnch with yon. I — I could not blame Ms wanting to let me know how he felt towards this brother who was to supplant him 'Hush, hash!' Lady Diana screamed. ' I cannot bear this. Oh, Muriel, Muriel ! Promise me to wait before yon jndge me. Promise you will write to him no more, nor see him, nor let him come near yon till Sir Henry knows all. It is a little tMng to ask you. Promise, if you love me 1' 1 1 will obey if you order me,' an swered Mariel in the coldest tone her mother had ever heard pass her lips. ' If yon insist that he shall be left a while longer ontcast and disowned, I cannot prevent it. But I cannot pro mise to think you are doing right, mother. I am on Ms side from hence forth remember, mother.' 'God help me!' sighed Lady Diana. Mark Serafton's establishment on the Sonthbeach Esplanade is a solid, res pectable pile, like a bank or public office. There is no vulgar expanse of plate-glass with a catch-penny show of glittering gew- gaws behind it. Withinwaaprecions store of gems aod.gold as all the world might see, bat only to a favoured few, connoisseurs of name, personal friends of Mr. Serafton's own, or visitors bearing a written order from Lady Diana Mallion, would the innermost shrine be opened, and the glory of the whole be revealed. A certain unimportant-looking door at the far end of the shop wonld be opened by a key that never left Mr. Serafton's possession except for a few rare intervals, when it was trusted to the care of his devoted nephew, Robert. The door opened on a second, and that on a small, windowless chamber, a separate building, burglar and fire-proof, in the centre of which, nnder a case of strong plate- glass, lay dazzling in the rays of the electric light a priceless mass of treasure, the crown and centre of which were the Mallion diamonds. It was understood that they had been entrusted to him to be reset, and some missing stones replaced, and that the search for the match had occupied the trade for months. There Lady Diana found them. Mr. Serafton conducted her with a slow step and a sad to the strong room, ex plaining the precautions be had taken for their defence in a voice filled with the pain of parting. They had wouod themselves very closely ronnd his heart. « I will bring them to you myself on the morning of the twenty-third,' he said with the calm of a supreme resig nation. ' I suppose yon conld not let me have them any sooner? she asked. 'Sir Henry is possessed by such extraordin ary fancies abont them. It is a linger ing imi-n nT hia illness, and we mast do our best to quiet his mind. He is angry and snspicious about my trusting them to you." Mr. Serafton had hardly spirit left to feel indignant at the suggestion. He explained in a doll, indifferent manner that at present the security of the diamonds was absolute. The room had been desigoed by a celebrated engineer. Only a party of stalled masons with time and appliances conld break through from outside or below. The lock of the iron door was a special patent opened by only one key in the world, and that key never out of Mr. Serafton's or Robert's possession. Then tbe case and stand cally impregnable. To cut .through the plate-glass or to tamper with the stand would be to set an alarm to work at Mr. Serafton's private residence and another at the nearest police station. He went on to tell of the well-armed watchman, bat Lady Diana interrupted him wearily. ' Thank you ; I know I am foolish, bat I feel as if nothing that .you can _?! a»aaana MA T ttlA fcWfl (Hfcy Wilt ICMOUSW linn a. " — » days to come nnspeakably. I am tread ing blindfold amongst pitfalls. Perhaps the loss of my diamonds may not prove the deepest.' She checked herself abruptly with a nervous glance at Muriel. But Mariel turned unresponsive!! away and walked back through the shop, where Robert, who had by this time formed himself; into a very elegant copy of Ms uncle, watched her admiringly from behind the counter. Mr. Serafton shook Ms head omin ously as he returned from accompanying Lady Diana to the cab that took the two ladies "back to the Btation. 'Not the woman she was,' he sighed to Robert in A confidential moment later on when the . shop was cleared. ' Did yon notice a gentleman -on the opposite side of tha road who took off his hat as foe cab drove off ! Do you happen to Imn'w'who lt was !' ' A Captain Trevor, .staying at the Imperial,' Robert responded, colouring eligbtly. 'Yes, I know him a little and -he knows them. He spoke to Miss Dasent ; he is a relation, I fancy; I. know he signs himself "Mallion Trevor.'" ' Yon- know n good deal abont Mm, Boh. Yp8,ie did remind me of Sir Henry.; The same queer-shaped eye-, trows Mr. serafton gave what would haVe beeix a jump ia one less dignified,1 and nibbed his head suddenly.- He had met wifoa pair of similar eyebrows once' before, hhrecollected. ' I'm going out,- Bobert. . I shall be in to dinner at; eight. If not, don't wait for me.' ' \- Robertjwas accustomed to his. 'Ancle's ways, and' was not mnch surprised when Sim began, -pouring cat his first glass jd lmd never tfoeifopL ( 'So Ctiptain Mallion IVevor, late, Scinde Light Horse, was here last, spring for some time — help yourself Bob i I — while I was in Amsterdam. Made a- pot of money on the Sonthbeach Spring Meeting, and stayed on here; speading. it like & gentleman. Perhaps yon can oblige me with eome farther detail Robert.' _ Bob's conscience- was clear, but he flashed np to the eyes with embarrass ment. He was still boy enough to. blnsh, despite hie high collar and waxed moustache. 'Yes, I met him then ; but he's no friend of mine, as yon seem to think. 1 used to go to the billiard-room of the Imperial in those days — it was before you objected, you know — and we played ! a good deal at one time. He would go on playing, thongh I was too strong for him. He came in and out to see me at my rooms once or twice ' ' And asked to see the diamonds ? suggested nr. oeraiton. 'The diamonds ! No, I don't remem ber that he ever did. We may have talked about them— that was natural — — 1 and here Bob broke off awkwardly enough ; bat Ms aacle was waiting for him to continue, and he dared not etop half-way. ' We talked about them in connection with the Mallions, yon know. Yon see how it was ' — Bob went on more fluently — ' when he tnrned up again last month, and suggested a game, I was obliged to say I wasn't going to play any more. I'd given it up. Then he asked me into his room, just for a quiet cigar, and — I think we both took more than was good for us ; for he went on by the hoar raving about Ms beautiful cousin, Mariel — Miss Dasent, that is — and showed me her photograph and her letters in his pocketbook, and said Lady Diana was on his side, bnt Sir Henry objected to their engagement and a lot mors. I was awfully interested, bat rather con fused myself, and don't recollect much about tbe rest of the conversation ; so, when be asked me next morning to say no more about it, and forget what he had told me as soon as I conld — why, so I did.' ' And was that the very last of him !' Mr. Serafton's face was still anxious. ' Has he never been abont this place since !' ' Once,' Bob admitted. ' He came in awfnlly agitated, and said the Mallions were jnst behind him, and bejgged me to let him wait somewhere where he conld see them without being seen, and so I took him into yonr private office —only for a few minutes,' pleaded Bob, in deprecation of foe sudden wrath in his uncle's face ; ' not five at most ; jnst till the ladles came in, and we saw it was not the Mallions. Then he went off at once, and never came near the place again till to-day.' 'Yon saw Miss Dasent speak to him? ' No, I didn't ; he spoke to her — something abont a promise and two days more. She is coming of age directly, I know.' 'Two days more — jnst what Lady Diana said. I wish they were over, with all my heart, Robert,' sighed Mr. Serafton heavily. Robert looked sympathetic. ' Don't worry abont Million Trevor, node. He went np Co town by the next train. I siw him go. You're getting low, ancle. Yoa'll be twice the man, once yon are rid of those diamonds.' The gloom of Lady Diana's fore bodings had proved infections. Mr. Serafton spent a restless evehing, fol lowed by a broken, feverish night. Before goiog to bed he tried to com pose himself by a visit to the shop to convince himself anew of its absolate security. He found all as it ought to be : big Solomon Daly, the watchman,, fresh as a daisy and sober as a jndge, at his post, revolver in belt, truncheon in ; land, and alaram in working order. Returning np the street foe first big drops of a thunder-shower spotted the pavement in front of Mm, and a low, distant ramble came up on the rising wind. He was scarcely nitMo shelter before the storm burst over Sonthbeach with a crash that shook the town. It was a night of wreck and disaster long to be remembered there. Solomon Daly, an ex fisherman, accustomed to all sorts of weather, felt that he would rather hare met .it in the open, and paced his limited beat uneasily. He couldn't bring himself to-night to settle down to a read . of the daiLy paper, which Robert, like a good-natured young fellow as he was, used to leave in a certain comer for his benefit. He would pocket the paper for home perusal. ' Ah, what was that ! Something lio hftiln't. nnhtnAil whan 'first ha fi&ma; in 'Now that is like Mr. Robert, that is 1' Pipes were .a strictly forbid den luxury, but a cigar— a-Havanah, like the one he was now rolling-between his hands and smelling approvingly —a mighty mellow-tinted weed, just such a one as he had seen in the lips of Mr. Robert or his swe friends scores of times— and on a night like this. He lighted up without more ado, and gave himself over to the enjoyment of foe moment, never troubling himself to inquire if it was or was not a breach of discipline. It was a fine, full-flavoured weed, . rather strong he thoaght first, as he waved the smoke away from hiseyes with a somewhat .tremulous hand- seemed to get into his headjas lris own pipe never -did. He took it from.his lips and -contemplated it stupidly for ja minute consideringly, then replaced it and drew, feebly at it again.' He fancied he heard a noise behind him and tried to rise,: but dropped back again heavily.' He was getting confused with the noise of the thonder, which jnst then broke into ; a loud crash, dfe®ctly over foe roof it seemed. . . . _ There had been another noise drowned in thc tumult above, a familiar, homely found —foe creak of adoor, and that- door Sit Serafton's private pflfoeu It " swong lightiy ajar,'ind throogh the aperfofo' a pair bf "kfoa," dark ;eyeB' Watched Mt- .'Solomon Raly'Sj farther proceedings witoaffectionato ponceni. The eyes belonged to-a.-slim, dark' youngfellow; whom' Robert foight have refognisecl W'ffeptwAMaMimJrevfoi ; evor.i..'>prefodtoi";efoito:-<'.An-,.<:th_ trbusers -anddarir -siikteMrt,' Ms wairt-; Spa! : ireptafced Jby ."Abroad $ritrahd hm fltfook foytfosfolh, fce'sfomsa to take np less room than, a shadow,: and move as noiselessly as a cat as he slid.a few paces from his cover to get a "better view of the watchman's face. - Solomon's head was beginning to nod. .unsteadily forward and his. eyes, "to blink, and Captain Trevor erailed-ap- provaL The narcotic was wotking, and there wonld be no occasion to employ a certain slight, broad-bladed, ugly-look ing weapon which he held -in his hand. He retreated again to Mr. Serafton's arm-chair. lie was in »<> Aarry. He bad deliberately devoted three quarters of a year to waiting for the, chance five minutes which had left Robert and the keys at Ms mercy, and three maaths more for the right moment for using them. ..... .j Aba ! foe cigar had slipped from be tween Solomon's lips and caught on the front of his coat. He made no effort to remove it, bnt sat smiling idiotically at it from time to time. , Captain Trevor resumed Ms, seat. 7he. night was still yonng and he was .well within the time he had allowed himself before' beginning his work. ' He hid sot long to wait before Solomon had slidden sideways down in his chair and was slumbering heavily, with a smile of perfect beatitude hover ing on his lips. Captain Trevor then gently rose from his seat, and turned to the attack on Mr. Serafton's strong hold. He held bis breath with intensest anxiety for one moment while he fitted the tiny key ia the lock ; it turned, the door gave and the str -ng white light within seemed to flash forth and smite him like a sword. He was alone with .the diamonds. Under the strong radiance the gems shone bravely, and his greedy eyes gloated on them as he prowled ronnd the case seeking a point of entrance. He mast attack the strong plate glass, in itself a formidable obstacle, but he was provided with glazier's tools of the best. He had been preparing himself for the work for long and "set abont it with a practised hand. The glass yielded at last, a gentle pressure and the fragment fell with a soft crash inwards on to the velvet cushion. He had cut it out low down, close to the band of ornamental ironwork at the base. A small opening, but enough to afford a passage to his bare arm. His heart stood still with excitement for one moment, the next he had stripped up his sleeve to the shoulder. 'Now, my Lady Diana, I have you ! Your daughter, Mallionhay, and the diamonds !' m. Muriel Dasent lay sleeping in the early sunshine of her birthday morning. Beside the bed knelt Lady Diana study ing the fair, childish face with eyes of each piteoas appeal, that though she spoke no word the sleeper seemed to feel their troubling influence, and turn ing restlessly sighed softly and raised the white lids of her drowsy blue eyes. Her mother's heart throbbed at the first sweet look of love and trast that dawned in them, and then sank cold and heavy as the smile grew fixed and con ventional and a shroud of reserve drew over the frank yonng face. ' Many happy returns of the day, darling.' She tried to speak brightly bnt her voice was nnsteady, and she met Muriel's kiss with a sob. ' Mariel ! I have come to plead with yon. I can no longer appeal to your love or your faith in me Yoa have been silently judging me in yonr own mind, and have called me unrigh teous ' 'No, mother,' the girl protested. Yon have never done anything but what yon thought best and most expedient, but——' nil L nave stood netweeu latuer and son, and nsnrped the heir's place, for my own child 1 That is what you wonld say ! I have held my hand under pretext of sparing my husband! That is his story, is it not! What does he call himself f ' Trevor,' answered Muriel in a low voice. ' His mother's name.' 'Untrue like all the rest. Now hear my side. Let me tell yon who and what he ia My husband's son, truly, and by his first wife, and she, a crea ture so lost that her unhappy boy- hosband would not publish his disgrace by trving to obtain a divorce. He parted from her within a month of the marriage,paying her well to keep the ghastly family secret. She was a vicious, ignorant woman, and as glad to return to her freedom as he was. So she went her way and he went his, and when she died be thoaght himself safe for ever. Now listen, Muriel The first that Sir Henry knew of the birth of a child was twenty years later, when there appeared in every leading news paper an advertisement for the marriage certificate of Henry Mallion and Elizabeth Hiley.' ' And be took no notice — nor yon !' asked Muriel. Lady Diana smiled bitterly. 'My. child, we were on our honeymoon. It was sheer chance that brought an old English newspaper before us many months after. By that time my hus band had told me everything. We set the lawyers and the police to work to find " out the advertiser, a id waited through the gaieties of oar home-com ing for the news they might bring us Then < we heard the worst, that Sir Henry had a living son, and that he was seeking his rights.' ' Muriel's white brow was -knitted attentively, but she gave no sign. 'We found him— the eldest son — the heir of Mallionhay, In prison awaiting Ms trial for robbery. ; Mariel started and shivered, then bid her scared young tace in her Hands. Lafly Diana panned her advantage. 'Shall I tell you his story at. length! No, perhaps 'it is too hideous. A child- ' hood spent in the companionship of the pafoasts of foe "earth ; five years at a reformatory ; foen a sadden change to' a life of unwholesome ease and indal- «sfoe. "\A foolish, philanthropic old : M took a fancy to foe boy's handsome And1 befriended faim, or intended 'todoj 'fo ' What foe did was to take fum info her. honse as a proUSgi, and hfe was'sforp enough to play Ms part to perfection. She became completidy in- xatuafod with Mm, 'gave him some fort ofidilitibiiind foraUhed Mm ritb monhy, winch' he ' secretly spent ' in all nlimnra: of low pfeasnres in hbrhpany wifo'kMe 'of his old fomiadfo whbhad "fouml Mih outi ItSras foe who "tided' to trace ont his parentage, guided by some old letters his mother had left. Nothing might ever have come of them bnt for our inquiries. He wearied of his life with -his protectress, and, not con tent with robbing her ss he had done for years unsuspected, be decamped with all her valuables. The shock was too much for the old lady and foe died.' Muriel moaned, her face nroaen. ' He was taken, tried, and sentenced to a long term of imprisonment; Within six months after he had made his escape, learned by some means of our inquiries about him, and made his way here to see what terms he could extort. It was a daring move, and it answered. What conld I do! His father was lying iojnred end helpless; it all rested with me. He had an in genious plan for securing his safety, bnt it required money, and I gave it on grudgingly. The police .are convinced that Morris Hiley is dead and bnried —mortally woubded in' the set of escaping. He has cat himself com pletely ' adrift from his old self, and is safe even if I wish to betray now. Now the matter mast rest with Sir 'Henry. I have begged him to come forward, but he keeps silence — & silence full of menace for me, I feel. Mariel Bpeak. Say you will help me, yon will help me, you will stand by me? pleaded the mo her. It was s cry for aid and comfort, Muriel gave neither. I cannot tell — I cannot think yet I must hear him first.' Then the maid knocked at the door, and entering brought to the bedside a large tray heaped with letters, parcels, telegrams of congratulation to the beautiful young heiress, bouquets and cards, and smilingly added her own good wishes. Muriel constrained her self to answer graciously, and mechani cally opened envelope after envelope, hardly marking the contents. ' For you, mother,' she said, taking np a telegram and placing it in Lady Diana's listless hand. The next minnts, with a startled cry, Lady Diana sank beside her. ' From Mr. Serafton. He wants me to come at once ; what can it mean ?' 'The diamonds !' cried Muriel, springing np. ' We most go, mother. Don't faint— there's lima Go T to the maid. ' Order the carriage at once, and come back and dress me as fast as you can. Mother, there's time. We shall be back before anyone misses as. FU stand by yoa in this, come what may.' AUC gliA a DCUSvO OWIUQU W/ UBIW v tnrned with this second shock. She flang her arms round her mother and Mssed her with sadden violence. It brought the blood back to Lady Diana's wan cbeek and the warmth to her heart, and with the shadow of her old high courage she turned to face this unknown, last, and worst calamity. The shatters of Mark Serafton's es tablishment were closed, and Lady Diana abd.faer daughter found a police man guarding the entrance. Mr. Serafton, wan and hollow-eyed in the half light, came forward to receive them. 'Your ladyship — this is most land and condescending — I felt I muBt lose no time in informing you " be stammered. The man seemed ready to drop to the earth ; some crnel shock had blanched his Hps and shattered the usnal grave composure of his bearing. ' A most terrible thing has happened. I was myself the first to discover it.' 'Don't waste words — I can guess the worst.' Lady Diana's voice was steady, bnt'seundeid in her own ears hard and unnatural. She found herself wonder ing at her own calmness. ' Tell me how it happened.' Yon shall see for yourself, i nave been advised to leave everything exactly as -I found it when I came down earlier than usual this morning.' Lady Diana looked round her. The shop was atiil closed, as it has been said. The glass cases were empty of their contents. In a chair in one corner reposed the helpless fignre of Solomon Daly, with whom two gentle men seemed to be busy endeavouring to' administer something in a glass much against their patient's will, policeman looking stolidly on. The whole police force of Southbeach seemed to be concentrated at that point, for foe superintendent was walking about, uote-book in hand, and two armed officers stood on guard at the open door of the Btrong room. ' Let me go and see for myself,' said Laidy Diana, in a sort of desperation, impatient to realise the extent of the disaster ; but the jeweller interposed. ' May I beg your ladyship J — tbe sight is too painful,' and he endeav- oared to stay her entrance to his violated stronghold. Let me pass ! Come, Muriel ! ana she drew her daughter forward. The stronger light within seemed to dazzle and blind her. The shining crystal case swam before her, its con tents glittering like "the sparkles on a Sunlit sea. She clasped her hands over her eyes, to "steady them for a second, And then withdrew them. There, fall before her, sparkling and intact, lay the Mallion diamonds I She staggered back ie the revulsion of feeling. Struggling for speech, she clutched Mr. Serafton's arm, mutely pointing forward. ' Safe ! They are safe! Then what did yon mean !' But Mariel rushed forward with a low cry. Thbre, at 'foe foot of foe case, jnst aa "he-hod fallen; jnst as -foey had. found Mm, stark and otiffi that morning, -Me toots — the mate 'witnesses to Ms guilty paipbse— strewed aronnd him, the mar- ae'roas steel in hiB belt, nis eyes seem ing to watch "them -ill a -..fixed and igtssBy gleam through the .half-dosed lids, font dead, lay her enemy, her husband's son, foe heir of Mallion. Mr. Serafton was explaining -and lamenting ufoeeded. 'T recognised Mm, yonr ladyship. I ; was almost positive. I - made sure he had left the place, that 'evening, or l ehoald have taken extra precautions. -And then, his connection with the' family— his acquaintance with Mibs Dasent — I really 'didn't know what to think.'' 'How riid it happen ? she asked, uhderberbreath. Mr. Serafton poiated, wifo'a shaky hand, to fos "light above. 'That killed hlto.' "'The' hiked wires -rau just within foe glfoa " & mast bsVe touched them mfh ' tos aim in "trying to reach foe diamonds In no other way is there tlie slightest danger. The death mast Rave been painless and instaotaneoaa' She beard no more. She was bnt a woman, erring and weak, as we mortals are. Her foe — the curse of her life — by dead at her feet. Later on, when she came to think of it, she would for give him all the suffering he had caused her, folly and freely. Now, in the sadden release from suffering, rite could only clasp her hand& before her face, and from the depths of her soul give thanks to Heaven for this signal and unexpected salvation. The rest rf nc story is to be found in the county paper. It contains the inquest and the police investigation, ending in nothing ; a paragraph on the dangers of electric lighting j and an account of the comtng- of-age ball at Mallionhay, and the splendid appearance of Lady Diana in the Maihon diamonds. - —Argosy. 