GUILDEROY. [?] BY OUIDA, Author of ' Under Two Flags,' ' Two Little Wooden Shoes,' ' Chandra,' ' Don Gesuldo,' tc [ALL B10HTS BESEBYED.] Chaptee LVL On that same day Guilderoy saw once more the smiling sunshine, the green gardens and orange woods, the stately marble haHa of the Soria Palace. It was late in the afternoon when be reached Naples. A glorious sunset was burning in the west. Tp'Timfntblp sails covered the sea. The zenith was a deep bnuiiiieni uiuc, uie «u ucuouu mwyuui, wiu gaiety and healing in ita breezes. Toe streets were mirthful with the sport* of early Carnival, and the shouts and aonga and ^'Tfg of brazen music came Boftened to tbe ear, as he sat once tnor. in the little cabinet of the Albaui and looked towards the bay through the marble arches of the loggia beyond. Whether from pride, magnanimity, or forbearance (he knew not which) Beatrice Soria had asked him nojgoestions ** You have soon returned,' she said to htm simply, when be first came to her ; and she had made no after allusion to his absence or its causes. She knew well that if he had broken hia word to her he would not have so returned, nay, wonld never hare dared to meet her eyes again. He longed to tell her all that he had felt ; the sweetest charm of lore is the power and privilege of laying bare the soul in ail its n consistencies and follies j but this pleasure was refused to hi™ by his own actjmm in ^frf- past. Where he bad been once fartMtss to ter before, delicacy made it impossible for him to say one word which should seem to hint at any regret or any change for or in fail present faith to her. That neat disloyalty was always there as a spectre between them. It would be impossible to show her all the conflicting emotions which had swayed fapw by turns during hie brief visit to PnyrU^fl He wonld have been glad to do so ; be felt something of the pathetic human instinct to confide in some one he loved the doubts and the self-reproaches which tormented him, and bo in a manner be free of their burden of perplexity. Bnt this he dared not do. Under the circumstances of their late reunion, any auch confidence must inevitably have appeared to be either a hint of desired freedom or a confession of f ntile regret ; either would be an insult to her. He felt that even any shadow which came over his facp, any momentary mood of abstracted thought or of visible depression, must seem a tacit admission that he regretted the price which he had paid for the past year of happiness beside her. He knew that he had once seemed to her the forsworn, cowardly, and treacherous slave of his own caprices ; he dared risk nothing which could by any kind of possibility place him in such a light to her again. What could such a woman as she w»a think of him if she ever felt that, even is the full blessing and glory of her love, he could fret at and begrudge tbe cost which it had been to him ? He respected the stronger courage of her nature, he even respected her for the acorn which now and then flushed out from her upon himself ; and he felt both reverence and gratitude for tbe faithful and fervent passion which she had spent and, in eo much wasted upon his life .Nothing ato be more cntntf than tRat in tech relations as theirs reverence is impossible : reverence ie excited by character not by situation, and he had learned to appreciate her nature as be had never done in earlier days. The very completeness and sincerity of the proof which she had demanded from him bad showed a force in her before which he felt himself wavering, weak, almost worthless of a single thought of hers. He did hie uttermost to conceal the depression which weighed upon him ; the distress with which he was haunted when be thought ot that little house in the gloom and impatient shame with which the recollection whenever they recurred to him. He knew— he felt, that one living man of all others he mobt esteemed himself, the most admired. He had always been conscious [of the greatness of Aubrey's life as contrasted I with the frivolity and self-indulgence of his j own. It was an unendurable bnniiliatiun to I him to be conscious that he had nude it I possible for his cousin to y^^rwff to him thosQ scathing words which punned him in memory as though they were the very voices of punning ghosts. And although he had received and accepted hifl cousin's statement of his 'JlHtif|na with his wife, and did honestly in his sonl believe them, yet it nude him restless and unhappy to know that their intimacy, however hnrffi|y| was familiar and unwitnessed, that even, though only her friend, Anbrey was ?till her only friend and her most loyal ?errant. It offended, it wounded, it tormented hiyn ? and all his efforts could not conceal from the penetration of Beatrice Scria that the lassitude and dissatisfaction which ?he had observed in him when in her villa on the Brenta in the past autumn had increased greatly since hi* brief absence, and were rendered even the more visible by the endeavours which he made to hide them tinder the over affection of carelessness or the over-protestation of devotion. She had the intuition and the penetration which are alone ponibte to a woman who is too learned in lore to be the servant of it, and too sure of her power ever to be rain with pretty vanities -. she saw in him the reflection of that vague disappointment which had haunted her in her meditations amongst tbe autumn beauty of her gardens in the Veneto ; she realised that he, too, like herself, though later than she had, failed to find the same wonder-flower which they had found and gathered together in other year?. She was generous, she was proud to arrogance, and ehe knew human character with a knowledge of it. She had had her own way ; flbt had ruled him as ehe chose ; she had exacted and enjoyed her just vengeance to the uttermost iota ; what more could the future bring her? And bebide this likewise there was in her the generous scorn of a patrican temper to hold by obligation what has fled already in will, to enforce a bond from which the soul ban already gone. There was touch arrogance in her, ana there had been eome cruelty, bnt there was more magnanimity than there was either. She said nothing to him, bnt she watched him in tbe weeks which followed on his return ; and ehe read his mind as tbongh it had been opened before her like e. book. She felt with a pang that what she read there mattered bat little to her ; a year before his emotions had been with the world, now it seemed of small account that they should wander from her. What joy would there be in slowly-dying Qlnsion, in slowly- fading raptnre, in slowly-chilling passion? What triumph would there be in watching the Bure, if gradual change of estacy into monotony, of gratitude into tedium, of fervour into habit? She knew the troth of the Greek counsel, ** Break off the laurel-bough while it is yet green and burn it. Wait not until it withers.' She was an Epicurean, and carried into tbe passions of her life at once the fibres of the senses and the coldness of philosophy. When she had loved him first she bad been all fire ; now her wisdom was greater than her love ; now she cou'd bear to put her heart under the spectrum and watch its pulses change from fast to slow. The months of Carnival follies passed, and the spring equinox blew open the sp&thes; of the narcissi and called up the golden sceptres of the asphodel in all the southern pastures. One night they strolled together along the white terrace which overhung the sea, as they had done a thousand times in the year just passed and in the other years of a still more gracious time. The full moon was shining, tbe munnnr of the waves was audible, the air was heavy with the Ecent of lemon -flowers from the gardens beyond. It was Italy— Iununoua, fragrant, amorous j yet amidst it all he sighed. The sigh was unconscious, but it was eloquent. She paused and looked at him. A alight smile came on her mouth half of piy, half of scorn. ' If you are not happy,' she said slowly, ' remember — I am not your gaoler. Say so, and go !' He started violently, ashamed and be wfldered, and ignorant of what he had betrayed, *' What do yon mean ? ' he asked. ' Happy ? — yon have given me a happiness of which one needs to be god, not man, to be worthy !' ' Yes, you have been happy,' she said thoughtfully. 'It is something. Well, go whilst you still are grateful for it.' 'Go? Go where V' Even by the moonlight she saw how white his face grew as he heard her ; he was paralysed with fear and wonder. ' Why do you insult me ?' he mattered ; ?' Yes, I have bad your word.' she said with disdain, but with no anger. ' What is a corpse worth when its acul has fled V 14 Yon cannot think ? ' ' I think yon are like all men. Once I thought that you were unlike them. But that tB long ago '.' 'Is it dead i n you ?' he cried with the passion of despair. ' Can no love live ?' *' I know not,' she said wearily. ' Perhaps not ; who can tell !' ' I can tell I love you for ever. ' the terrace ; the seat was shaped like Attila'e chair, and was covered with a lion's skin. She looked like some great quern come to pas* judgment ; the eilvery tissues and silvery for of her cloak gleamed in the monnltcima, the diamonds which were round her throat shone, her eyes were full of light and heavy with tears. 4- My dear, do not let us p^rt in any anger,' she said calmly. ' Anger is su tuse in those often, and to fury even. I would that that time were here still in all its roadoe e, in at! its abasement. Bat it is dead. You have been happier than I in our reanioD. I was haunted by the past, a hicJi -ou for^-»t. ! wanted h bit I ctjuid not h %jtk — my youth. i'ou had belonged to my youth, and my mind I had outgrown you, though I knew it not. I Nay, I mean nothing unkind. We change in I body and mind. No pastdon, once broken, ! will ever bear renewal.' She sighed heavily. He w»s silent ; he was deeply and crutlJy humiliated, and yet he knew that she had spoken tbe truth of herself, if not of him. ' Go to yonr wife,' she repeated. ' I am enre that you have seen her, though I am equally sure that you have not spoken with her, for you would never have dared to return to me if yon had. You do not care for her ; you will never care for her. Bnt she embodies to you peace of mind, social repute, and personal dignity. You are wretched if men speak ill of you. With that character neither man nor woman should ever brave the world. They should leave that temerity to those who have both a great passion and a great courage. They alone can do it and never repent. You repent — now— every hour of your life.' ** You are cruelly unjust '. Ntver once have I Haid or thought or felt anything bnt the very deepest gratitude to you.' ' In a sense, no. I am not denying that you love me 6 till. I say that, having the temperament you posst-as, you cannot be content without the world's esteem. It wearies you to earn it, bat without it you are uneasy and ashamed.' ' You would make me out the very poorest of fools r 'No, your feeling is not ignoble, for it comes raiher from faithfulness to your race and your traditions tban from any minor timidity or selfishness. But, let it spring from what it may, it is tu you. You are not a. man who can long torget himself in love. You have been ever Lovelace, never Montrose. Vou are incapable of a life-long devotion.' ' Try me and you will see how mercilessly 'No; you would promise what you could not fulfil. Every year, every day, oar ml so less powerful to hold or satisfy you. Every year, every day, you would remember with more bitterness all that yon have given op in sacrificing your good name Your country is intolerable to vou \ you hate its weather, its society, its' politics, its hypocrisies, and its climate ; bnt yet, having given it up, you sigh for it. As it is with yonr country, so it is with your wife. You do not care for her — yon will never care for her. But she represents something which you have lost by your own act, and so you fret for her.' Where be stood beside her in the moonlight nia face flushed painfully. ' It is not that. It is not what you think,' he said with agitation. 'Yon know well I have no feeling for her of that sort. But I know that she lives iu suffering, possibly even in temptation ; and I cannot forget that when I married her I swore to her father that I would make her happiness as far as a man can make a woman's. Of coarse those premises are made and forgotten in all marriages — people cannot keep them even if they would ; but he was a man whom I honoured, and he is dead ; and it seems vile to have been false to him That is all the regret that 1 feel that I have felc. I do not think it is a feeling which, if you could wholly understand it, you would despise.' '* I do not despise it. But I do not see why it comes to yon so late.' Be waa silent. He knew well enough that yonder on the sea, the night that he had been bidden by her to make and abide by his choice, be had chosen the sacrifice of his happiness rather than of his word, but that the anger into which his wife's unbidden presence had hurried hjm1 and the impetuosity of his emotions, had hurried him into the choice which had appeared to bis companion to be wholly voluntary and dispassionately meditated. But lie could not say tbie to her ; and, after all, he knew that his conscience had not spoken to him until in thd streets of Venice he had heard the jest about bis cousin's visits to Chris tslea. ' Bnt I love you, I love yon ! I could not bear my life without you !' he cried, as he kissed the silvery furs of her mantle. ' Oh yes, you will bear it,' Bhe said with a smile which was half sad, half scornful. ' You love me as much as you can love but it is not very profoundly. And I am quite sure that you will love many after me. The only woman you will never love is yoor wife. Of that I am satisfied. But you will go back to her. You will place yam-self right in the world's eyes. I dare eav you will have many children, like the virtuous prince in the fairy tales, an-i you will never see me in the world without a eigh. It will be your contribution to the past, and you will imagine that you ure wretched because you have lost me ; it will even serve y-tu perhaps, as a pose to interest He rose to his feet, stung and wounded beyond words. There was germ enough of truth in the cruel words to hurt him more profoundly than any accusation wholly unjust, and yet there was i justice enough in them to rouse any agony of indignation in his heart. 41 Have I deserved this from you ?' he said, with hot tears standing in bis eyes. ' Hare I ever given you ri^ht or -*,ause to Bay smeli things ot mt* ? Once, indeed, I sinned against you, I offended you. I have doue my best to atunc lur that. Which of ub is it now who Gi-Kt t-peaku of severance an-l of .^illusion ? Which of us is it now who finds our relations to me — cruelly, barbarously unjust. I Dave told you tbe truth of. my own feelings a» I wronys nie in your sight I cannot help it. If cannot fi^eak the tiuth to one another, who failu-e t-» pieces which l' voluntarily took has | notUing to do with my devotion to yon, I am 4 neither a great man nor a good one, bat inch | as I am I have given yoa all my life. I aak nothing of yon or of Fate but to be allowed to S°Tne\eara whUh had dimmed hu eyed rolled down his cheeks. He felt passionately and profoundly ! And he felt also hu own utter impotence to persuade her that he did bo. She looked at him with the tender hut tranquil gate of a woman who has loved but ' Whilst I could and did believe that I loved you greatly, I had the right to take your life to mine. Now that I do not believe that, now that I look in my own heart and feel that in much it has ceased to respond to yours, I have no longer such a right, I am bound to restore you to your world, to your freedom, to your Wends.' 'And you think that my life u to be thrown aside like that as if it were a mere toy of which you had tired 1 ?? I have never treated it as a toy, nor ever treated it lightly, though once you treated mine bo. You are unhappy, and you will be unhappy — for a time. But you will be reconciled to yourself, to your society, and to your wife. Oar position is one in which there can be the moBt perfect happiness, whatever moralists may say, bo long as there is perfect love. But bo long only ; end that is not between now, though there are the memories of it They must be sacred enough to preserve us The silence which followed on her words was filled only by the voice of the sea. The splendour of the night was around them, and in ita stillness there arose the song of an early-singing nightingale, breaking its heart in the orange crove. He j»ave a gesture of despair and cast himself one; more at her fteL ' I cannot live without you ! I cannot — I cannot !' 'She stooped and kissed him fondly, and with lingering touch, upon his brow and hair. ' Yes, yoa can ; and you will. Do not wait to feel our love perish by inches day by day. Let us part while we Etill care enough to part in tenderness. 'So, dear — good night.' 