MISCELLANEOUS." CORRECTIONS. OWING: to the absence of the Erlitréss »who was. having a much-needed week in the coun try, an error occurred last month, in giving Miss A. C. Holden the credit of the authorship of a selected poem, "The Ideal Man." As that lady has no -wish to sail under false colours or wear borrowed laurels, she wishes this correction made. The address of the winner of the prize gloves for September competition is mislaid. Will the winner kindly forward address again. The list of droll things for October was incorrectly arranged, the second on the list being the prize winner. AVe shall be glad to to receive name and address of the successful Contibutor. THE Girls' Club, 97 Bathurst street, still offers a respectable and economical home for young women in business. In looking over the scrupulously clean dining rooms and bed rooms, one would naturally wonder why the Home is not always full, and upon inquiry, we learn with regret that a foolish and groundless dislike is cherished by those whom this institute would most benefit. Girls seem to dislike any domicile smacking of an "institution, ' and prefer to lunch on stale pastry, behind frowsy screens in preference to sitting down to a sen sible and substantial dinner of meat and vegetables at the Club. The matron seems the very person to take tke head of the domestic management, and undoubtedly has the welfare of tho young at heart. Hundreds of people in boarding houses pay at least £ 1 per week for inferior accommodation to that supplied by the Girls' Club for the small cost of twelve shillings. IT is not intellectual work, that injures the brain, but emotional excitement. Mosf men can stand the severest thought and study of which their brains are capable, and be none the worse for it ; for neither thought nor study interferes with the recuperative influence of sleep. It is ambition, anxiety, and disappoint ment, the hopes and fears, the loves and hates, of our lives that wear out our nervous system, and endanger the balance of the i rain. 'CoMPETiiiox' and "Hordern" have long been synonymous terms. Four firms in this city bearing the same name rival each other in their displaj-s of the useful and ornamental, but the one in Pitt street has now offeied an attraction which will be powerful, not to juv eniles alone We were leaving the establish ment wearied with the inspection of novelties, and wifh purses so lightened that we hestitated whether we could indu'go in the refreshing beverages offered bj- W. Soul, when a tiny hoy with the bri ghost smile, stationed at the door placed in our hand a box of sweets which we gladly ae'cepted and wont our way refreshed by the taste of these, but not before we had re marked tho "ad." placed on them. Hordern of Pitt street has eclipsed 1). O'Connor with the much talked of postage stamp. . May his 'ad', be as remunerative as it deserves. - " SMITH and MANNELL " The GARIBALDI Shirt is a useful washing summer garment. It is light and cool, and can be worn with .any skirt. " SMITH and. MANNELL" Clothiers, of GEORGE STREET SYDNEY , supply it made to order. It is not costly, and may be had in Cambric, Linen, Anglo-Indian Silk, or Ceylon Cloth. TH?: excellent little treatise on ''Typhoid and Ho'w. to Nurse It," hy Miss Frances G. Holden, 1 as reached a third edition and is now published with an additional chapter. The new section is devoted to bints and instructions as to the best methods of keeping food, clothes, and houses thoroughly clean and pure, so that typhoid may be forestalled and barred out, or if it does get in. that it may, at the worst, be a transient and al most harmless visitor. The "plain directions for nursing tvphoid'' are invaluable ; in. fact, the whole book is such that it cannot be easilv dis pensed with in any household. Nine-tenths of the suffering of women are totally needless, and, instead of promoting the advantage of the race, aro greatly to its detri ment. One fruitful source of mischief has been the very general failure to recognize that a woman is an individual, with persond duties and personal rights, and the persistant deter mination to regard her and to reason about her merely as a means for continuing the race. 