THE REPROACH OF ANNESLEY. ' BY MAXWELL GRAY, Author of "Tub Silence op Dean SIait- . 1 land," Ac. PAST n. CHAPTER III.— (Continued.) Little did Alice imagine the comtruction that wonld be pat upon this innocent evening stroll. Renbcn's disinclination, or rather that of his friends, to the emigration scheme Paul and Alice had arranged together, had been discussed in family conclave that day, and Edward had again brought forward his suggestion that Reuben, if still sound, shonid enlist in an Xndia- bonnd regiment, and thus get the benefit of a few warm winters. Aiice had juBt started to broach the subject tbat evening, when Sibyl suddenly suggested that Edward had better follow her, and thus explain clearly what he intended. . "A capital ides, added innocent Mrs. Rick- man. " You will soon overtake her if yon make haste." He did not wait for a second bidding, and Aiico had not crossed the first field before Edward was by her side. He was to leave Arden next morning, and the consciousness of this brought something into his manner that he wonld not otherwise have suffered. He spoke of his prospeots, the earliest date at which ho hoped to be promoted, and the chances of remunerative employment open to him, and Alice listened with a courteous attention, beneath which he hoped rather than Baw something warmer. He referred to the Swiss tour proj'ectcd by the Rickmans for the antnmn, and to his own intention, favored by Mrs. RickmaD, of making the same tour at the same time, and they both agreed that, to make the excursion per fect, Paul, whose mother was to be of the party, should manage to ho with them. Nothing more of a personal nature was said, but they each felt that this eveoing walk made n change in their lives, patting a barrier between all the days which went before and all tbat were to follow after. They strollod|Slowly along in tho delicious air, pausing to see the purple hills dark against the translucent western sky, tho coloring of which spread up wards, first gold, then primrose and pale green edged with violet, to clearest biue, just flecked by little floating alonds like care of gold and pearl, pausing to look eastward across tho plain to the line ,of grey-bine sea, and to listen to some deeper burst of melody from tho woods and sky ; pausing, above all, at the chalk quarry, a mysterious melan choly place, haunted by legends and traditions. Standing, as they did, on the high-road leading past the wide entrance to it, they saw a broad level of white chalk, broken hers and there by n milky pool, a small tiled hnt and dark, shadow-litre spots, upon which a alow accretion of monld had encour aged a faint green growth, half moss, half grass, and snrrounded by an almost semicircnlar wall of grey chalk cliff with a narrow dark outline of turf, drawn with sharp accuracy between it and the sky. This cold pale cliff was shaded and veined here and there, where no quarrying had been recently done, by such beginnings of vegetation as clouded the ground, and was broken farther by one or two black spots, which were caves, Some ravenB flew croaking from their holes in the cliff-face with a grim effect, which the swallows darting about in the sunshine and the larks singing above could not wholly neutralise. Perhaps it was the sense of contrast between themselves and this desolate scene that made them linger in fascinated silence before it, and while they lingered the light changed, the sinking sunbeams filled the sky with molten gold, and the rampart of the cliff turned from ghastly grey to warm yellow ; then it glowed deep orange, and at last it blushed the purest rose. " I shall never forget this," Edward said, when they tamed and he saw the face of Alice suffused with roselight against the rose-red cliffs. A few more steps took them to the inn on the crest of tho hill. The shepherd rose and left at their approach, and the newcomers entered the kitchen, which seemed dark after the brightness outside. Mam Gale's wrinkled bronzed face, surrounded by a white-frilled cap tied under her chin, beamed with welcome ; her pnrple-veined, labor-darkened hands aud arms, which were always visible below the small plaid shall planed tightly over her bowed shoulders, ceased to ply the iron, and she came forward to hand chairs to the visitors. The dull glow from the hearth emphasised rather than dispersed the gloom of tho low smoko-browned kitchen, so that, it was scarcely possible to eee even the shining crockery on the black oak dresser, the two great china dogs and brass cundlcsticks on the high chimney-piece and the gaily colored prints on the welle, and the eye turned with relief to the small window, where the fading light came through the tiny leaded panes and centred itself on the face of Ellen, tamed towards the sky as if awaiting a benediction, while the men's faces were in shadow. Alice went to the window and kissed Ellen's too brightly tinted face, her own looking more healthy by contrast, and the sight of the two young women illuminated by the last fading . rays of light touched Edward, and made a picture that long afterwards he liked to dwell upon. He remained silent, while Alice took the chair offered her and plunged at once into the subject of Reuben's enlistment, a proposal received at first with stupified dismay. Mam Gale dropped.' thunderstruck up on a chair, regardless of the pile of freshly ironed caps she crushed beneath her. "Our Hreub goo vnr a soldier," she cried,wben har indignation at last found voice; "Hreub what never drinked nor done anght agen the Commandments I Our Hreuben 'list I We've a zeen n vast of trouble, Miss Lingard, but wo novor known disgrace avore." It was no nse for Edward to plead his own example. Mam Gale bid him renumber what Bonbon owed to his position in life. " 'Tain't no harm vnr gentlovolk, they can do without characters and hain't no call to be respectable," he said ; " but oar Hreub, what have always looked up to htsself, it do aim cruel to let he down." Jacob was too horrified to utter a word of remonstrance ; bat Ellea, whose imagination was fired by a vision of her brother in regi mentals, went so far as to say that Bhe had heard of respectable soldiers. Reuben eagerly corroborated her, and Jncob and his mother had so far recovered from the shock as to listen to Edward's proposals, when the sound of wheels was heard, a vehicle stopped at the wicket, and Fanl Annesley's firm, quick steps struck the courtyard flints and Btone passage, and he came with cheery energy, unannounced as usual, into the firelit kitchen, "Sorry I'm so late, Mam Gale ; I was called out of my way. Ellen still up ? That's right, my lass ;"he had proceeded thus far, his hearty, mellow voice filling the kitchen with a breath of hope and health, when he became aware of the two figures seated near each ether by tho window, and he stopped, as if thunderstruck, a fiory spark flashing from bis eyes. "We hod bettor go," Alice said, turning to Edward, as she rose after acknowledging Paul's entrance. "Good-bye, Ellen; we most not take up the doctor's time." There was something in this " we " tbat acted npon Paul like fire npon gunpowder, and he Ticiously ground his teeth. He assnred them that there was no need for them to go, bat they went nevertheless, and he then stood before the window talking to Ellen. He looked oat into the violet dask, watching Intently while the two figures lessened and finally disappeared, and Ellen wondered at the strange look on his face, which she had only known hitherto fall of kind ness and good hnmor, and at tho preoccupied manner tbat made him ask|the same questions over again. Hia visit was as brief as he conld make Jit. An irresistible power drew him ; he sprang quickly to his seat and) set (the Admiral off at his best pace, hnt avoided the nearest way home, choosing tbat which led past Ardern Cross. The fleeting glory was gone from the chalk qnarry, which showed desolate In its pale gloom and seemod a fit abode for Bpectres. A figure springing up behind a heap of stones by the road made the Admiral shy violently, and though it proved to be only that of a loitering child, Thomas, the groom, trembled nil over and was bathed In a cold perspiration, for ho knew that ghosts haunted the pit- As for his master, he punished the Admiral's mistake with snch severity that the horse tore down the hill like a whirlwind, jerk ing the light dogcart From side to side, and obliging tlio frightened Thomas to cling on with his hands, while tho white heat of passion kept his master firm, so firm that ho was able to turn his head aside and gaze steadily across the dewy hedgerows at the two figures walking through tho fields to tho Manor, nntil the bond of the road hid them from his sight. (To be Continued.) 