S.A.J.C. SPRING MEETING. Szcosd Pay— September 7. ice promise of nneweatner neld one at sne middle cf the week was fulfilled to the letter en Saturday, when the S.AJ.G. were favoured with a, lovelv snrins dav for tae conclusion of their meeting. Under such cir cumstances racing cannot be better enjoyed en any course in Australia than Morphett ville, and from first to last things went as smoothly as could be desired. With the day only ahalf-holiday and the first race set for 1 o'clock the attendance was not as large as on Mctday, when Mr. Whitington estimates that all told there were quite 8.000 on the ccoree. On Saturday there could not fcave been more than 6.0C0 present, but this is a very paying gate, and we quite expect to hear later on that the S. A. J.C. has netted a handsome profit on the meeting brought to such a successful con oission last Saturday. In future, howeve.-, it will be well for the committee to try and arrange to start later in I he afternoon, so as to suit the convenience of people who cannot get to Alorphettville by 1 c clock, and do not care to go at all when they are too late for the first race. A feature in the proceeding en Saturday was the finish of the Hunt in front of the Stand. The redcoats entered the course at the top of the straight running, and finished over one of the schooling fences, about twenty-five followers negotiating this cbetada is tee most approved style Lord and Lady Kintore were missed from the com pany in the Stand, the; being away in the Governor ilmgrave, and the absence of the viceregal party doubiless affected the attend ance to a slight extent. As mentioned before, there was not the slightest bitch in the ar rangement?, everything passing off in a way that left co loophole for complaint. Sir. Wigley adhered to hia determination to wield the starting Sag, and acquitted himself Go the satisfaction of everybody. In fact, the starting has never been belter at Mcrphettville than it was on Saturday In the Nursery Handicap Sir. Wigley had Cheddar running, and ilr. J. L. Stirling, M.P., relieved him of the flag, the honourable member for Gumsracha succeeding in sendiag the youngsters off on capital terms. Fields were sot large, but the racing was very in teresting, and throBshout the day the public fancies were very successful. A more excitiog steeplechase than that which ended in such a popular victory for Bordeaux has never been run in the colony, and it will always be remembered in connection with the wonderf al recovery in front of the Stand made by T. Rain when Skylark struck and landed him right out on the horse's head. As usual tbe totalizator worked satisfactorily, Mr. Wai tingtcn getting out his result slips with great promptitude. The course was in splendid crder and vary fast In two of the races the omcial time was palpably incorrect— a fact which was due to Mr. fiiacknaore'B watch working n rather an erratic 'manner. Afterwards the official timekeeper secured another clock, and tnen he succeeded in tallying with the private records. Defamer's withdrawal from the Selling Hurdle Race reduced the field to five, and thcEe who remembered that Not Much hid finished at the heels of Merry Soul and Reso lution on the Old Course at once set tie initial event down as a good thing for the abort-tailed chestnut. This form must have escaped the recollection of the main body of backers, however, as Reporter, who is palpably off just now, was made a hot favoa rite, and Glengarry was in equal detnaod with Not Much. An accident occurred early in the race, which'placed Glengarry and O -n Qiiscte kors tie combat, and after this Not Much had an easy task, as although Reporter stuck to him for half tbe distance, it was only on sufferance, Mr. Hope's nag coining frway at the far turn and winning as he liked. On being put up for Bile the winner was knocked down to Mr. U'Neil for £20. All the eeven coloured for the Nursery Handicap were weighed out, and Princess Alice was made a strong favourite. Entering the straight the verdict seemed reduced to the favourite and Ched dar, and until within SCO yards from home the issue appeared to hang in the bilinca, but Cheddar failed to stand the pressure beyend this paint, and Princess Alice, running en, won by a length from tne Peninsula filly, Corrie Roy, who will win races before the season is over. Four of tbe fix starters fcr the Disposal Stakes had mend?, ana aitnonzn Protestor was most fancied in the ring Vanity hod the call with the totalizator speculators. Had Mister Ferry been able to get the little mare going a bit sconer ebb would probably have achieved the victory her owner anticipated, but be made his effort too late to be of any service, and after Victor had looked all over a winner after enterinz the straight he stepped to nothing at tbe finish, and the dis appointing Protector was able to score comfortably. After passing the post The Foreman stumbled and unseated his rider, who was not hurt, however. There were no withdrawals from the Spring Handicap, and with Gorry having tbe mount on -Eneas the top weight eventually settled down a hot favourite, although a cumber of cute backer* bad previously in vested on True Briton, who has filled the pazt of 'stalking horse' to .£ueas with a fair amount of inccesa lately. Handover, Widgeon, and Merry Soul all bad a few backers, bat none of them had the ghost of a chance with the favourite, on whom Gorry lay last until half a mile from home ; then he ran up to the leaders, and striding away at tbe distance, won in ridiculously easy style by two lengths. The winner was loaily cheered as he passed the pest, and it was a treat to see Gorry/s riding after the many very indifferent displays of jockeyship we have been treated to lately. With Zocks withdrawn overnight, and Huntsman doing duty in the bunting field, the field in the steeplechase dwindled down to eight, bnt with Melville among the starters, the interest in the race was much greater than it would have been had the Peninsula none pegged cut. Betting in the ring was pretty close between three, but at the finish Melville settled down, with a slight call of Bordeaux, while Chieftain eased to 4 to L Skylark tras in good demand, but Mahdi would have paid a handsome dividend had he been equal te carrying Mr. Pile's colours to victory. Emilia took them away at a cracking pace, and although her interest in the race ceased at the first fence Outsider and Skylark took them along at a very solid Rait to the fences in front of tee Stand. At the second of these Skylark visa nearly down, but Kain performed a drcus-like recovery, which gained him a tremendous ovation from the Stand. After this Skylark scon dropped out of the race and Melville became prominent. At the mile pest he took the lead, but the pace now was cot so good and all the runners except Emilia were in a fair position. Crossing the double Chieftain was racing with Melville, the top weight biding his time a few lengths away, and here Mahdi knocked his chance cut by banging into a fence. Melville. Chieftain, and Bordeaux, were at full pressure aa they raced alone the home stretch to the last fence. Melville flew this is brilliant style, whexeaa Bordeaux struck pretty hard, and aa they came round the turn, with Chaston sitting easily on Melville snd Reed apparently hard at it on Bordeaux, tbe race looked a moral for the favourite, but directly Bordeaux struggled alongside the other collapsed like a pricked bladder, and the big hone getting away won a- mest exciting race by nearly a length. Bordeaux and Reed were loudly cheered on returning to the scale, and Tom Kain also received a warm reception on riding Skylark back to the weighing yard. The Free Handi cap wound np the proceedings. Sir Law rence and General Sarsfield were about equal favourites, the only other backed being The Part Mr. Wigley sent them on their way to another splendid start. They had gone a hundred yards before anything showed out: then Sir Lawrence dashed to the front and he remained there until reaching the Leger Stand, when Parker brought Sarsfield with a nicely timed ran, and the top weight, fairly amotheiing Sir Lawrence, won easily by two lengths. Daring the day £6,113 passed through the totalizator. The following are he details of the racing :— SELU50 HOBDLB BAO8. A handicap of SO so vs.; winner to be sold for £30. About one mile and three-quarters. 128\. Mr. R. B. H. Hope's eg. Mot Much, by President— Little Liu, aged (oil). 9 st. 31b. (Burns) TT ... ... 1 304\. Mr. O. Brandt's a*. Reporter, aged (nil), 10 at. 3 lb.(D. O'Brien) ... 2 28\. ilr. S. Ferry's b.e Tom Cribb, aged (nil).9st71b.(O'Leary) ? 3 32\. Mr. E. Moyle'i b.e. Don Quixote, aged (£30), 10 st 71b. (Dacey). 8L Mr. W. Savage's br.g. Glengarry, aged (nil),9stlllb.(Deveaey). Betting— Even on Reporter, 3 to 1 each agst. Glengarry and Not Much. Amount in totalizator, £573 : dividend, £4 2a. Not Much made play over the first hurdle from Gleiigarry, Tom Cribb, and Dja Quixote, with the favourite last. Coming to tbe Stand Glengarry joined the leader, but, overjumping himself, be fell, and brought down Don Quixote, besides interfering with Reporter and Tom Cribb. After this Mr. Ferry's gelding, who was fencing very gin gerlyi retired, and Reporter went on at the heeu of Not Much to the milepost, but as they ran along the back the latter drew away again, and having Reporter well beaten six furlongs from home he led the rest of the distance, and won easily by six lengths. A bad third. Time, 3 min. 41 see. Tne winner was bought by Mr. O'Neil for £20. KCBSKK7. HANDICAP, Of 75 sow.; second hone, 20 sovs. from the stakes. For two-year-olds. Four and a half furlongs. 347\. Mr. D. James's af. Princess Alice, by Neckengat— Ursula, 2 yrs. , 7 at. 7 lb. (M. Quinn) ? „. 1 15\. Mr. M. C. flollingsworth's bk, or br.f. Corrie Roy, by D*rriwell— Adeliza, 2 yrs , 7 st (SmaUwood) ... 2 114\. Mr. T. F. Wigley's br.o. Cheddar, by Darriwell— Qrnyere, 2 yn., 7 at 101b. (Nelson) ? ... ... 3 £3. Mr. J. Deeney's br.c. Reynard, 2 yra. 7 at. 101b. (Parker). 16\. Mi. J. S. Cocker's b c Emulator, 2 yrf.,7 at 5 lb. (Donnelly). 13L Mr. J. Deeney's b.f. Argument, 2 yrs , 7st41b.(Fagg). 94\. Mr. W. Hutchison's br.i. Seabreeze, 2 yrs., 7 st. 4 lb. (Jaques). Betting— 5 to 4 on Princess Alioe, 3 to 1 each agBt. Cheddar and Argument Amount in totalizator, £800 ; dividend, £2 lls. Without delay Mr. Stirling dropped his flag to a good start, but Argument at once whipped inside the course and lost all chance. Reynard and Cheddar together made play clear of Princess Alice and Seabreeze, with Corrie Hoy next, and so they ran for the first furlong, when Seabreeze took third place at the heels of Cheddar and Reynard. Making the turn tne leaden swung out, aad Princess Alice getting up on the rails led Cheddar into the straight, Corrie Roy at the same time passing Seabreeze and Reynard. When in a fine for home Princess Alice and Cheddar settled down to fight it out, aad up to the distance there appeared to be nothing in it, bnt here Cheddar appeared to give up tbe struggle, and Princess Alice getting clear won by a length from Corrie Roy, who beat Cheddar by a nead for second place. Sea breeze was fourth and Emulator fifth. Time, 59 sec DISPOSAL STAKES. A handicap of 50 sova. Six furlongs. 192\. Mr. 3. Reid's b.g. Protector, by Little Fish, aged (£30), 8 st 4 lb. (Parker) ... ... ? 1 24\. Mr. G. Reeve's c g. Victor, 6 yra- or aged(nil), 7st.{Hareraves) ? 2 253\. Mr. 8. Ferry's b.m. Vanity, aged (nil), 7 st (Master Ferry) ... ? 3 101\. Messrs. Forwood & Stewart's bg. The Foreman, 3 yrs. (£20), 8 st. 5 lb. (Bnraa). 138\. Mr. J. Agnew's b.g. Memento, aged (nil),8st31b.(Fa*Jg). 145\. Mr. K. Wane's br.g. Defamer, aged (nil), 8 st (Nelson). Betting— 2 to 1 agst Protector, 3 to 1 Vanity, 5 to 1 each Defamer and The Fore man. Amount in totalizator, £863; divi dend, £4 5s. Tbe flag fell to a good start, and after going a few strides Defamer and Memento drew out from Victor, the rear being brought up by Vanity. At the half-mile post Victor, Protector, and Memento were nearly level, but as they came on the last named retired, and Protecter took third place, while Vanity began to move up. Bound the turn Victor took a good lead, and entering the straight Protector was running second and Vanity a respectable third. Victor looked au over a winner np to the distance when he began to stop and Protector catching him at the Derby Stand won easily by three quarten of a length. Vanity was two lengths off third, with Defamer fourth, and Foreman last Time, 1 min. 202 sec The winner was bought in for £42. SPBT5G HANDICAP, Of 125 sovs.; second horse 20 sovs. from the stakes. One mile and a quarter. 432\. Mr. T. Keilyns. br.h. JSneaa, by Wild Eagle— Maid of Troy, 5 yrs., 9 st 5 lb. (Gorry) ? 1 122\. Mr. M. D'Arcy's bk.m. Widgeon, 4 yn. 6 st 10 lb. (Stennett) ? 2 116\. Mr. E. C. Naylor's br.g. Merry Soul, aged, 7 at 8 lb., (Fagg) ? 3 191\. Mr. John Smith's bg. Handover, aged, 8st 7 lb. (agaew). 29\. Mr. W. Hutchison's b.g. Newstead, aged, 8 st 7 lb. (C. Quinn). £8. Mr. T. Kelly's b.m. Seashell, aged 7 st 7 lb. (Thomson). 19\. Mr. H. Goldfinch's b.g. Vampa, aged, 6 Bt 7 lb. (Hargraves). 79\. Mr. T. Keily's br.b. True Briton, 4 yrs., 6 st 7 lb. (Rankine). Betting— Even agst ^Eneaa, 5 to 1 Hand over, 6 to leach Meiry Soul and True Briton, 8 to 1 each Seashell and Widgeon. Amount in Totalizator £1,177 ; dividend, £2 10s. After a little delay the word waa given to a splendid start. Widgeon on the inside was the first to show, and she went on with a trifling lead of Handover, True Briton, and Newstead, a cicaely packed field bung whipped in by Merry Soul. Before reaching the milepost Tine Briton was in command, not more than half a length dear of Hand over and Newstead, with iEueasand Sea shell next, and Merry Soul last After this iEneas was puUedbaok last, and True Briton'a coloun could just be seen in front of the six* furlong post, Handover. Newstead, and Vampa being abreast, with Merry Soul and JEneas following. After this Handover beaded True Briton, and led with him and Seaahell round the far turn, Newstead aufckly fading away, while Widgeon and j£neas began to improve their places. Enter ing the rails Handover was just clear of Sea ahell, while .(Eneas ran np to Widgeon, and making the turn Handover waa still in front, with Vbp favourite trod Widgeon at bis heels, the otfcera being handy, with the ex ception of Newstead and Vampa, who were badly beaten. Handover held his lead into the straight, bnt comisg to the distance Gorry sent iEneao along, and smothering his opponents at once, the top weight strode home a ridiculously easy winner by two lengths. Widgeon beat Merry Soul by half a length for second place, and then came Handover, True Briton, Vampa, and Seashell, with Newstead last Time, 2 min. 17i sec HA5DICAP STEEPLECHASE. ISO sovs.; second hone 20 sovs., third hone 10 sow. from the stake. About two and a half miles. 423, Mr. Morgan D'Arcy's b.g. Bor deaux, by WaQoo, aged, 12 at (Reed) ? _ ... M 1 41L Mr. Campbell's b, ox bz.g. Melville, aged, 10 st 41b. (Chaston) _ ... 2 74\. Mr. J. Pile's g.g. Mahdi, aged, 11 st 71b. (Deveney) ? 3 227\. Mr. J. Deeney/s bug. Chieftain, aged, 10at71b.(D.O*Brien). 149\. Messrs. Simmi & Bonnins b.g. Skylark, aged, 10 st 7 lb. (T. Kaio). 31\. Mr, G. Anderson's bk-g. Himalaya, aged. 9 st 7 lb. (Forrest). 38\. Mr. J. B. Jackson's b.m. Emelie, aged, 9 Bt 71b. (Jones). ta 19\. Mr. J. Deeney's eg. Outsider, aged, 9 at lb. (HurdockjT Betting— 2 to 1 against Melville, 5 to 2 Bordeaux, 4 to 1 Chieftain, 5 to 1 Skylark, 10 to 1 MahdL Amount in totalizator, £1,372 ; dividend, £3. Directly the flag was lowered Outsider went to the front, but Emelie quickly headed him, and began cutting out the work at a great pace. The first fence saw her baulk, and Outsider was over first, with Skylark next a?d then Bordeaux, Mahdi. Chieftain, and Melville in close company, Himalaya being outpaced. At the second of the double Out sider and Skyhuk jumped together ten lengths jn front of Bordeaux, with Melville, Chieftain, and Mahdi in close company, while Himalaya and Emelie were some distance off. Tbe leaden drew further away as they raced past the Pigeon Tower, and Skylark, jump* ing quicker than Outsider, led the ohesnut through tbe gap to the training ground. Bordeaux still heading Melville andChlef tain, with Mahdi dropping back a bit At the first of the fences in the straight Outrider was in front again, and Skylark carried away a rail. At the next fence he struck very bard, and Kain waa fairly on his head, but bone and rider did not part company, and they followed Outsider over the wall with Melville, Bordeaux, Chieftain. Mahdi, Himalaya, and Emelie in the order named. At Elder*! Outsider was juet dear of Bor ieaux. Chieftain and Melville with Skylark next but after this Melville went np to Outsider, the pair going on eight length* in front of Chief tain and Bordeaux, with Sky lark next and just dear of Mahdi, who was beginning to warm to bis work. Opposite the Stand Melville waa leading, and Outsider. Chieftain, Bordeaux, Mabdl Skylark, and Himalaya were so doae together that half a dozen lengths would have covered them. At the first of the double Melville led Chieftain with Bordeaux next, and then three or four lengths off came Mahdi. while Outsider had dropped behind Skylark and Himalaya. At the second there was not muoh change, but Mahdi bit very hard, and the shook seemed to stagger him momentarily. Mslviile led Chieftain a length passing the tower with Bordeaux at dose quarters, and so they raced along the rails to the last rence. Melville flew this like a bird, tnd landed four lengths in front of Chuftain and Bordeaux, with Mahdi ana Himalaya ten or twelve lengths away. Diiectlv the run home commenced Bordeaux took second place, bnt Melville came on in front and seemed to be going easily until well Into the straight, bus when Reed brought Bordeaux alongside the Peninsula hone tailed to shake him off, and the top drawing away at the finish won easily by a length ; MahdL who bad gained a lot of ground from the last fenoe, was four lengths Dff, third, with Chieftain, Himalaya, Out sider, and Skylark noishing at wide intervals. Time; 5 mm. 29 see. 7BBS HANDICAP, : Of £50. Five furlongs. 351\. Mr. J. Deeney'a b.h. General San \- field, by Emulation— Gaiety, 5 yra., 8 st 9 lb. (Parker) ? 1 577\. Mr. T. O'Leary ns. bk.b. Sir Iaw rence, 5 yn., 7 st 9 lb. (Stennett) ... 2 73\. Mr. T. Keily ns. b.g. Rowland, 3 yra. 7 at 21b. (Bargravei)... ? 3 53\. Mr. J. Pile's b.g. Yule, aged, 8 at 51b. (Fagg). 86\. Mr. J7 Smith's brg. Leo, aged, 7 st 12 lb.(M. Quinn). 166\. Mr. T. Keily as. br.g. The Dart, 4 or 5 yn., 7 st 7 lb. (Brown). 22\. Mr. T. Keily ns. br.h. True Briton, 4 yrs., 7 at (Rankine). Betting— 7 to 4 eaoh agst General San field and Sir Lawrence, 4 to 1 The D*rt Amount in totalizator, £1,328 ; dividend, £3 9s. From another splendid start they ran level for a few strides, and then Sir Lawrence ahot ont and took a clear lead from The Dart and Sarefield, with Rowland next, the last tvo being Leo and True Briton. At the begin ning of the rails Sir Lawrence was still making play from Dart, with ban&eld; and Rowland beading Yule. Rowland drew into second place aa they made the turn, and he kept there to the distance, when Parker swooped down on Sir Lawrence with General Sarsfield, and the top weight finishing with a brilliant run he won easily by two lengths. Rowland, a length off, beat Dart a head for third, with Leo, Yule, and True Briton iu the order named. Time, 1 min. 4£ sec 