SIFTINGS. Poe a Premier whose Government was defeated on a specific issue, and who is only in power be cause there has been no opportunity of kicking him out, Mr. Dibbs is noting in a singularly imn pudent fashion. His audacity in comporting himself in the manner he is is a forecast of whiat he would do if he could only get the authority of a majority behind him. At best the Govern meont is one prematurely born, and may give up the ghost at any moment when exposed to the open air of the Legislativo Assembly ; but it is tcting as though the verdict of the country had been twenty to one in its favour, and it were full of vigorous life. During the few weeks which have elapsed since Mr. Dibbs came into power by an accident he has done things which in decency could only be done by a Minister fully authorsed by the consent of the House to noet. This is nothing new or surprisiog, for the char aeter of Mr. Dibbs is too well known to caouse any surprise, no matter what freaks he may take into his head. If he were to come tothe House with a notification that he had appointed himself the first President of the Australian Re public, and distributed all the minor oflices amongst his friends, the not would be quite in harmony with his ordinary manner. He is nothing if he is not audacious and impudent. The last move of the Government, a government be itremembered which has not yet received it: credentials, is to appoint a number of gentlemen to the Legislative Council. IMr. Suttor, the twice rejected of Bathurst and East Macquarie, has been foisted to that convenient nook, and thus Mr. Dibbs has saved his Minister for Edu cation in spite of the country. Mr. David Buchanan, the rejected of Balmain, and the wildest and least reliable of a host of fiscal bawlers, is another refugee. Mr. Day, the re jocted of Albury, and six others constitute the batch. Needless to say theyare all protection ists, giving colour to the belief that MIr. Dibbt will stop at nothing, however unjustifiable, to gain his ends. Under the circumstances the not of the Government is the most outragooues misuse of political prerogative that the colony has had to record. It shows bow little the leader of the "recast-the- fiscal-policy" party cares for the decencies of oivilised government, and how intensely overbearing and autocratic he is directly he gets an opportunity. Such a man is too dangerous to entrust with power. If he cannot restrain himself or his colleagues from tampering with the constitution under such con ditions as the present, he will make a very nice little mess of things when, which Heaven forbid, he is presented with his credentials. Mr. Dibbs is one of that class of men who imagine the world was made rounded as a ball expressly for them to kick about for amusement; and the sooner hie is disabused of that egotistic rubbish the better for those whose lares and penates may come to grief in one of his more than usually exuberant antics. TWe want no bulls in our china shop. The obstreperous animal should be hauled to the blacksmith's shop and have a ring and thain fixod in his nose, the better to manage him when hlie grows red-eyed and mnonacing. The Rtat-trap Mioistry are earning their title if tho Sydney news which states that a number of freotraders have received cards of invitation to the Ministerial banquet is true. A more contemptible dodge than this could hardly be imagined, and members do right in regarding it as an indult. It is simply trickery of the low oest type Lnd such as even an electioneering tout ought to be above adopting. For the Govern ment of a country-all honourable men-to des eound to such practices stamps them at once as political jugglers who would resort to any mean device to attain their ends. It is, how ever, one thing to bait your trap and another to catch your rat; and, awful to contemplate, if there are no rats all the traps in the Colonial Secretary's Office will be of no avail. The I)ibbs Government have only a short piece of tope-at least it is to be hoped so--but they are doing their best to hang themselves with it. It is as well that they are straining every nerve to cling to the sceptre of power. They are turning themselves inside out in the process, and the spectacle they present after accomplishing the feat is not a pleasant one to their followers. The contemptible nature of their latest move, its meanness, its sneakiness, will disgust the honourable men amongst their own supporters. It is next door to bribery; but after what Colonel Holborow told us at the nomina tion it is quite on a par with Dibbsian tactics. His cheeky attempt to catch freotrado votes by a ticket to a cheap feed does not display any great insight into the intricacies of character; but possibly, like the little boy who wants to know everything, he thought there was "no harm in asking." 