THE LATE CROWN PRINCE OF AUSTRIA. LONDON, Feb. 10. The mystery surrounding the death of the Crown Prince of Austria has given rise to many conflicting statements. The following narratives supply details of the versions most widely cir- culated. Rudolph had for the last three years at least been living in bad ways. His disappointment at not having a son first estranged him from his wifo, and his subsequent infidelities completed the separation. Gradually it became apparent that the young pair, formerly so attached, were leading a cat-and-dog life. The Prince, a man of slight build, nervous sympathetic temperament, highly imagin- ative and excitable, took to excessive drinking. He lost interest in his literary pursuits, as well as artistic studies, and was always craving for excitement. He did mad things when out bear- shooting and deer-stalking, and was frequently seen with flushed face. He took pleasure in loose society, and became smitten with fondness for ghost stories and spiritualism, and the end was that he became haunted with fear that he might go mad, like Louis II. of Bavaria. He had an intrigue with a Baroness Marie von V. Young, a lady of 21 years, one of the beauties of Austrian society. She belonged to the old Czech family, and was the niece of a well-known Austrian sports- man. The acquaintance between the baroness and Crown Prince began some months ago, and this increased the estrangement between Rudolph and Stophanie. The Prince scarcely made any secret of his determination to obtain a divorce. He counted confidently upon receiving assistance from the Emperor, on account of the disappointment expe- rienced by his Majesty when the doctors certified that the Crown Princess could have no further issue. To the Crown Prince's surprise and dis- appointment, the Emperor point-blank refused to countenance anything of the kind. His Majesty professed himself, as he undoubtedly is, very much attached to the Crown Princess, and rated his son for his unmarital conduct. On Sunday, the 27th January, there was a terrible scene between the Prince and his wife, who threatened to return to her parents at Belgium. The Emperor told the Prince he would appoint him Governor of Bosnia, and oblige him to go and live at Sarajevo. There, he said, " you will have to lead a reputable life, and there will be an end to all those scandals." At the same time the Emperor cautioned the Princess to be more patient with her husband. The Crown Prince was seen for the last time in public at the Princess Rece's reception on the same Sunday evening. He was then wearing a Prussian uniform, and seemed in a gay mood, though flushed somewhat and flighty. The next morning his father sent to him and repeated what he said on the previous day, but with more peremptoriness, adding that he would give the Prince a week to make a submission, and promise to lead a better life. Rudolph got very angry, left his father without kissing his hand according to the Austrian custom, and striding away to his apartments took off his uniform, put on a suit of shooting clothes, and sent notes to Prince W. Philippe of Coburg and Count Joseph Hoyos, inviting them to join him at Meyerling for a couple of days' shoot- ing. Soon afterwards he started for Meyerling in a two-horsed cab, driven by a man named Bratfisch, a noted comic singer. On Tuesday night the Prince dined with Count Hoyos, and steadied his nerves with a good deal of champagne. At first he was in very low spirits, but gradually brightened up, and after dinner Bratfisch, the cabman, was sum- moned to sing for him. The Prince, Hoyos, and Bratfisch remained together till 3 in the morning, but during intervals between Bratfische songs the Prince several times left the dining-room and went to his study to write letters, which were afterwards found on his desk. At 3 a.m. the company sepa- rated on the understanding that the Prince would go out shooting at 9 o'clock in the morning. From this point the stories differ. Some making the girl who committed suicide not the Baroness M., but another young lady of the Austrian aristocracy, of Portugese extraction and fierce temper. On the Tuesday afternoon, the day after the Prince's departure from Vienna, she had been out shopping with her aunt, and gave that lady the slip while they were in a warehouse together. On reaching Meyerling she insisted on seeing the Prince, and at the interview quite unnerved him. She stormed, wept, and declared her shame would soon become public, and ended by saying that unless the Prince would take her openly under his protection, and elope with ber for a few weeks, she would commit suicide. Tho Princo was so frightened that he dared not let the girl go back to Vienna alone, but proposed she should remain for the night at Meyerling ; she was accordingly installed at the lodge of the head game- keeper, a man named Grathschaat. At night the Prince slipped out and went to the gamekeeper's lodge to see his sweetheart. At this hour the under keepor named Weedring was going his night rounds of the castle grounds. Weedring had orders to call the head keeper at 6, and at the hour appointed went to the lodge and knocked at the door. He was carrying a double-barrelled loaded gun, which was slung over his haok, and suddenly, while he knocked at the front door of the house he heard the window at the side of the house open and somebody jump out. Having no idea that the Prince was in the house he ran round. Seeing a man scampering away in the dark he shouted to him to stop instantly, and not getting an answer fired. The Prince dropped, hit in the shoulder. Weedring hurried up, and the Crown Prince, struggling to his foot, gasped out, " I am Archduke Rudolph ; I am hit ; lead me to the Schloss." The Prince swooned just as he reached the window, where the girl whom he had left a few moments before was standing. Weedring appears then to have called out in his distraction that he had killed the Prince, upon which the girl withdrew in dismay, and swallowed the contents of a bottle of poison which she had brought with her. The Prince, recovering quickly from his swoon, ordered Weedring to help him to walk to the Schloss, and gave him strict injunctions to hold his tongue. The Prince then went home shortly after and was found dead, drenched with blood, and lying half out of his bed with a revolver on the floor. From another account it appears that when the Prince went to Meryling the Baroness Marie disappeared from home, leaving a note for her mother, in which she said she was going to drown herself. The terrified mother in- stantly went to Count Taaffe, the Austrian Premier, and the latter promised to cause inquiries to be made, and detectives were accordingly placed upon her track. They made the discovery that she was staying with the Crown Prince at Meryling. Taaffe conveyed this information to the mother, who, on Wednesday morning, the day of the suicide, went to the Emperor and laid the matter before him. On returning home the mother found another letter from her daughter, dated Meryling, in which the youthful baroness announced that she and the Crown Prince had resolved to commit suicide together. It seems that the Prince had pro- mised her marriage as soon as he obtained his divorce from the Princess, and when he informed her that this was now impossible, owing to the Emperor's refusal to consent to the divorce, they resolved to commit suicide. This they did on the Wednesday morning in the bedroom of the Prince. When Loschell, the valet to the Prince, entered the bed- room in the morning, after vainly knocking for ad- mittance, he found the dead bodies of the lovers lying on the bed. Before calling anyone he carried the body of the Baroness into an adjoining room, so that when Prince Phillippe, of Coburg, and Count H. Kyos, on being summoned by Loschell, entered the bedroom, they only saw the body of the Crown Prince, and naturally concluded it was a simple case of suicide, as was reported to the Emperor. On being informed of his son's death, the Emperor at once suspected the truth, and ex- claimed, " I would rather have lost a province than this disgrace should have befallen me." The Rome correspondent of the Daily News says he was able to learn the exact particulars of what occurred at the Vatican between the Holy See and the Imperial family at Vienna on the occasion of Rudolph's death. The Pope received the first telegram announcing simply the death of the Prince, to which his Holiness himself wrote a reply of four lines, and this, for him, was an extra- ordinary thing to do, as he has the greatest diffi- culty in holding a pen. On the following day there came a long telegram from Vienna explaining the whole circumstances of the case, from which it appeared that there had been both a suicide and a duel. A difficulty therefore arose to decide whether the Archduke should have religious burial accord- ing to canonical law, suicide being considered in the light of madness a religious service is granted, but not for those killed in duel. A congregation of the cardinals was immediately called by order of the Pope to examine into the question. After a long discussion the cardinals came to the conclusion that only one deranged in mind could have entered into such a duel ; and the natural consequence of the decision was that the necessary permission was granted. The Emperor received the news with the deepest grati- tude, and telegraphed to the Pope that in his great bereavement his Holiness had spared him the greatest grief. 