CUP DAY. By TKLRMArm's. u Put away the toys, children ; the game is quite finished now." Was it not thus, the great novelist ended his great book I Put away the toys, the game is quite finished. Happy for us if we can put away our toys as easily, for our j game is ended now, and the horses should go back to their stalls, and the visitors to their homes, and the passions inseparable from racing to their cus tomary limbo. NVc do not desire our racing toys as working tools, or the delights of our game as permanent com panions. The day broke fine—as usual. It would I have been a matter of infinite regret had the weather kept to its apparent Monday night's resolve. An easy excuse made j the weather, for a good many easily persuaded people to neglect their Hospi tal Sunday duty ; did it really mean also to clip the glory from the Cup ! Some ! folks considered this question more | seriously than their eternal weal, when, with the ringing of the church bells on Sunday night, the rain came pattering down, and the darkness closed in discon solate, dripping, wet, and dismal with j the moan of the rising wind. But appearances had improved much on Monday morning. The clouds were broken up androllingabout in wasting masses, and the bunting which seems always spread in Cup week was blown out with tattered fringes against a sky, wild and fresh as ! ever spread our old imperial blazon on a breezy day in the Channel. And though j the afternoon was cloudy and dusty, and | spurting rain at frequent intervals, nobody had serious doubts of the morrow The young lady indeed, full of expecta tion of her first Cup, who stamped her foot and declared, " It must be fine," was tacitly accepted as a philosopher. Bright and breezy dawned the I merry morn over the silent city so soon [ to roar with life, to glow with colour, to send out its tens of thousands to the carnival, and its hundreds to the various side-shows in which the good and the indiflerent people assert and amuse themselves. The Salvationists 'were earliest afoot, trooping in from the j suburbs, decorated, besashed, possessed of | a divine frenzy which drove them well nigh to such antics as those recorded of j Kirk Alloway. Many a lassie " loup and j Hang " as she led on her contingent in a manner that ltab's gentle Nannie could not have surpassed. And when we speak of the strangely varied characters drawn together by community of interest in racing, is it not also well to turn a little | to the other side, to those drawn the other way by the antagonistic impulse ; to think, say, of the lassie in her high and wild pus sen!, and then of the very reverend Sir James MacBain—both, in tins respect, like-minded. A brave show made the drags as they rolled away from the clubs, a roaring hive was the railway station, a merry show the road, and grander and better provided than ever, the full gathering of mid-afternoon 011 the course. I had never, on any previous year realised in such vivid fashion the intense and universal Australian interest which focuses on the Cup. I had been one of the great company on many occasions, but had not been in such direct and practical fashion a witness of its making. This year, and 111 this spring, in Australian Alpine regions and in the broad inner lands, 011 the green western plains and in the great cities, I had encountered the marvellous radiations, which become ulti mately an all-attractive power, affecting everybody in the spirit and so very many in the flesh, that Australia may be said to move as the Jews under tbeir ancicn regime to worship, or under the C.-esars to be taxed. Our people came to play as we know, hut it may be tliat some of them worshipped a little, and that not a few were taxed. He who travels at large and observes a little as he goes must be aware that our Cup is a star t of innumerable rays, each exercising a special and separate attrac tion. One only is of sport, of the solo and absolute love of the contest of horses. The best and the worst of the buslimeu are drawn by this. The squatter who keeps his old brood mare, though his grog cask may bo empty through a year of drought ; the manager who will put 011 his liver with judgment' and watch the race with as keen an in terest as his prototype of the old days 1 followed the motion of the lance of his | chief. The whole multitude of the riders of the inner lands whom Bishop Bariy noticed, and described as " of one size all the way up, but admirably adapted for their particular work," but who better fit the description of the Scotch poet's " Heather Jock " Swank and supple, lank and thin, JMne lor gaun against tbe win'. " 1 Theac all follow the attraction of a single \- o--"" circle. When the furbishing of gear and the packing 0f boxes really begins, the broader one's experience of Australia ray, and are all ju ap , ? great circle. Who.8"!?11 Packi experience of Australia °ne'« is liis conviction that to the vZ ®Xed majority of visitors the race, with^ accessories of venture is n, ; , ltg tlie meeting, and not its true race to the average girl and 10 and to many simple-minded meu'3> as the court and crown to the L ? b? of the nursery rhyme— 1'usBy cat "'rSSifu' '15eS°"P"'Lo"dmto •«*«», ''ihSr0*1' c"' ... M 'clX'" ™> wtetb, They have their own interests and their own pleasures in the meeting, Th come to see friends and fashions 7 satisfy the gregarious instincts common tl all mankind, and they fmd>& FlemiJ ton on Cup Day the best opportunity t£ j Australian year affords. This, perhaps, is not altogether matter for rejoicing. It will not a generally said that the Cup is the best imaginable occasion for the gratification j of a general Australian instinct. We like to be able to say " Amen" to an honest "God bless us," to feel ourselves in all our larger acts under the cover of a good and broad man's benediction. Yet we could hardly imagine the shadow of the hands of our brave old Bishop Moorhouse above the | whole scene and paraphernalia of Cup Day. It is, indeed, a day of relaxation rather than of blessing, but whose fault is that ? Is not the Cup festival itself the best possible evidence that there is and has been in Australia a spring tide in humanity as in general nature. A budding and blossoming of de sire, similar to and contemporary with the germinal process in the seed beds the bursting of the bud sheaths, the ferment of the wine casks 1 Unrecognised, and therefore unled by those who should teach us alike to rejoice and to repent, to praise and to pray, it has been laid hold of and absolutely mastered by those who desired to magnify our great sport. And, as is usual timse who have lost hurl anathemas at those who have won. " The sin I impute to each prostrate ghost Is the unlit latnp, and the uncirt loin. Ypu of the . . . virtue (we issue join), IIow strive you ? Dctc, JaLu'.a But did wc not come out to play ? And what is the lirst requisite of enjoy able outdoor play ( " Oil ! Gift of God ! Oh, perfect day, Wlieron should no man work but play," sings the poet, and we may well join in his song in praise of this day of our latest Cup. Perfect as man could desire, and divinity could devise, mocking all bad propliesyings, smiling away ali doubts and fears. The grey clouds at noon were just mottled over the blue—tlicy were dove-coloured rather than grcv. Alt arrow of sunlight slid through at times, brightening across thegrcen.flashingalong the lawn, glorifying all the delicately beautiful combination of colours, giving full delight to the eye, yet never linger ing long enough to make fair cheeks flush and burn and bright eyes become weary and dull. The clouds, indeed, were artfully spread, as a veil on the sky. There was no threat or intent of rain in them. They overshadowed our play as an angel s wing spread betwixt us and the sun. And what of the playthings ! Without failing in proper respect, may _ we jusm first under that beau the ladies of the lawn ? May we say that "ercr on any previous Cup Day did they make so goodly and gracious a show. We have had lawns flashing as a valley of jewels, we have ha an almost universal crimson as of a poppy field ; but this year it was an anemon lawn. The colours were as those a anemone bed in the spring time, an the innumerable parasols riding on ' gentle promenade were as so n>aly blossoms fully spread. They flash® ® all along the upper stand ; they mot^ on the lowermost fringe of the n' t deeper colour, like a clover pa 1 beside a flower garden. And they trusted with garish display on tl,e beyond the course as a Court ball with a nigger dancing assembly, it was loveliestlawn overseen alFleiiimgton, individual as general form seeine and natural beyond all recent nietn • Whereat we might have been p perhaps, but for the enhghten.n^ graciously bestowed by our la i tributor. We have long been fat with peaks and lumps and angles • robed female form, which seemed out accord with ordinary ideas of ana y* A proper respect forbade any c' . search or impertinent inquiry m ined matter. It was not loveiy, A \ wrong. We know nothing about it,, were forbidden to inqxiire. u jong ledge of the geography of tl affected was not supposed to 1) . a„ Wc knew not where "impi*ov<r neral or ended. We know that the ,,cn ^ appearance now seems m lur0. cord with the familiar desig i-jjjutor We must thank our exper ^ ,g an(j for assurance that it ib real. . The pads have disappeared altog ' are flowing outlines of the natural ^ More freedom is slrictl!i loeciallv in the back draperies allowed, espccia j ^ ]oWcr dmpery of ;t"will." flowing a explanatory and satis TU Mid will doubtless be regarded f'aGl°ry'„seful ^sson by the majority of as an U8ttu0ur womcn are getting back jjiaiikind- May our Ladyo "U!> keep them so, and tlio beauty l>atme irltnl\ington play-ground shall of TLa more to more. Sr desire to play with things of I , !?,orl »o liave but to step horn tto an° ♦ the betting enclosure, and behold law" to t coutravy. as opposite, as far there tojs ^ .n fol>nl( m character, ; rcmoved in aud Hottentots, or : in nianiH't ' 1 cannot enjoy, long-continued i 'i The noise is dreadful, the play G' r;ed only by suspense, or i iiw"1') .v,r'onised interest. We shall do i spasms of a3 , tl e jroll feilC0 and ( fitter to ^ w.th tho beaut.ful . ! entei' mt ^ „ make tll0 p]ay 0f the cvoatares ^ ^ ppl.feclion of quad- | llay' i 1 nature. They are supremo m t i'"PeJa , l ia form amongst all tlie beasts | grace and faC° of the earth.! ?vc -!iie, «suaiiy' amvf r;1! II * l tes stir them it is to such a flash temper doe ^ ^ oaly struck out by a ° nature. There are some I know ln.0iul : that the satin-skinned, stag i } 1,0-ruties are becoming too 1,m n- in the land, that the predonu uumC1 'raciim blood is detracting from ";U1CC ' j usefulness of the liorse. It the to me. The son of lG!s who carried mo over 400 miles ) m wildest mountain country within . i i.ict vear, did not shape like Ci3 '!,W I if » »l»of stock. Not nfthe" - lii-sl remember, who, pure-bred * Dreadnought or Donovan (and woo to h- Twho with their owners, should dis Il I l mile bu<™y journey, and came, ^'^i' teatiuilown/their heads | "Ck drooping perhaps, but their hearts J, itmineli as their legs were sound T„d what sort of horses were they which the dis'uised Saladin steered when ' ,,i.;ru.d his captive friend away like a !o I from the stecl-clad Templars And »l,at w» the breed ..f thoj (to come home agMu) who ran that longest cross-country rate the world ever saw, from Buangor, beyond Balls rat, to Geelong, 100 miles, each ,1th at ieast II stone up, and the winner , in the stable 8 hours 20 minutes from the start ; No English coaching, or 1 Yankee trotting strains in them, but just the <.ood old blood which stocked in the ; early days the whole of Australia. The purer the breed, the surer the grit, is well-nigh true of liorse and man, and the horse who comes first out of the diim-doug at the end of the mighty two , miles is likely, when Ins racing days are | over, to leave stock who will serve Aus tralia well in work or in sport. Let us see them, however, when tliey come out to play for us in earnest. When the bell rings for the race of the day and the year and the continent and one by one the champions hie past, dis playing their paces as gladiators of old their arms. There is Singapore first a tremendous land-louper by his stride There is Rudolph, who had rather fight than race. There is Carbine, still, by his latest performance, the grandest racer in Australia, but going out to his work as a timid bather into cold, water. There is Melos, whose name has had a very pleasant sound in the ears of New South Wales since his tremendous run in the Melbourne Stakes. There is Chicago, most beautiful thoroughbred m Aus tralia perhaps. " Hast thou given the horse strength Hast thou clothed his neck xvitli thunder ! He paweth m the valley, .and rejoices in his strength, he I goetli on to meet the armed men." So moves Chicago, a creature who should hardly bow to a king. There is A litmus, w ho seems indeed, like the ciant after whom lie is named, to renew liis strength every time his feet touches the ground. There is Benzou. How much better would the first of that name have shaped in the world had lie been under as strong and wise control as is tho horse to-day For Hales rides Bcnzon. There are the two white Knights of Mr. Sylvester Brown, and there is Bravo in his yellow and black diamonds, and O&k; leigli in the green and white he once carried first past the Caulfield post. There is Bluenose, who looks like a Nova Scotia native amongst a group of Paladins, and there are at least six others who may surprise us, but from wlioni we do not expect much. They have passed, away down the straight running now, ana after them goes the starter, the furled flag in hia hand. And now we begin to know what our play really means. Now, amidst general and healthy excitement, we can boo bit lips and blanched faces, women struggling with rising hysteria, and men getting away into dark coruers because they cannot bear to look. N o\v we can recog nise, and perhaps remember, the results of excesses in the sport. Marvellously quick ! they came, the Hash and the fall of fortune, almost as sudden as tho fancies through the poet's brain— "This came with the sudden blue, livid, fierce thunderbolt's leap, . That Hashed while the black horse turned over, , „ Before the long Bleep. We are playing with tho most beautiful and costly creatures in the world now, wo are playing some of us for all we hold most dear in the world. Wo are im patient as we watch the line of shifting Colours far away ; the suspense becomes Painful, agonising indeed, to . some Maongst us. And yet down bolow tlio carriage paddock, the children are going up and down in swing-boats or riding on the merry-go-round. Ha! A false start. They are hack again. Away ! No ! 'TiB all a mistake. Will they never go ? The general face of the great multitude is set steadfast on the tiny red flag, and—'tis down. 'Tis down, nnd they are away. The tremendous three minutes are begun. They eomein a solid body to the straight; they fly past as the shadow of a cloud driven by a whirlwind scours along a mountain side. They flit up the hill, they stream along the back. We can see their feet twinkling beneath the white rail. The colours mix, blend, become strangely confused to many eyes. The leaders are coming round the turn, the tremendous three minutes are past, the terrific thirty seconds begun. The hope of An tarns dies now as did the strength of^Anheus of old, when the grip of Hercules closed 011 his cracking chest. The blue and white are in the ruck Chicago answers not to the spur. Yet still the gallant Carbine's colours blaze in the van, and still Mclos struggles on answering every prick of the steel with a lengthened bound. One name only is in the roar of voices till the post is within twenty strides. It is Carbine, Carbine ! But then, as a fish leaps from the water, the black and yellow diamonds shot suddenly clear 011 the turf, and before the roar of Carbine had time to change to Bravo, Bravo had won. It is desperate play, the fiercest three | minutes of the year, the concentrated essence of pluck, endurance, toil, sus pense, and often despair, all mingling and maddening together. But when it is past it is very pleasant to hie to the lawn again, and gossip or listen amongst all the loveliness which has taken 011 excitement from the passion j of the race, as a flower-bud takes colour | from the more fervid sunshine. " Poor Mr. Wallace," says many a voice, and! really the owner of Carbine seems to have had bad luck. To have run such a race under such a weight and, after all, just not to have won. Did not another | noble sportsman have just such another turn of ill-luck with a horse called Com motion six years ago ? Beaten, yet vastly increased in honour ] may be Carbine's record. And, then, the presentation. Now, what is the general opinion of that article, or series of articles, set up to be played for. Ladies by the thousand ad- j mired, for it is as lovely a tea service as could be imagined ; "but as to its appro priateness to the occasion I We have to I remember that it is to commemorate j triumph, triumph dearly bought, hardly won ; and with all deference to our ab-1 staining friends, tea is not naturally allied to such triumph as that. We can under stand a flagon, a wassail bowl; the golden horseshoe of last year stood well enough for luck ; but surely the trophy of this latest cup would better have suited the side- board at a wedding feast. Could not the Y.K.C. before auother year get devised for themselves a proper coat of , arms, and might not those arms, properly quartered and emblazoned on a shield of gold, form a foundation of all the trophies of all future years 1 I would not have it commonplace or horse}', or aught less than magnificent in propor tion and royal in design. It should I certainly be of the royal metal, and so ] mounted as to make a goodly show above a dark oak wainscot, to be hung up with pride, to be treasured through genera-! tions. But a teapot, a teacup. Would you toast the leader of a cavalry charge in tea ? " Never mind the rest." It was a general remark when the Cup issue was 1 decided, and indeed there was not much ' to mind. We saw the Hurdle Race which opens the day, and the Cup which j crowns it; and there is not much in the 1 great day's racing to please the non ' speculative public. There is no ; pleasure in seeing a cloud of un known horses start a half-mile away, and the life flogged out of a half-dozen as they stagger desperately up the straight. But perhaps we should be content with the Cup alone, as the majority of Tues day's visitors were. The Cup, with its many pleasant adjuncts, which arc not ] necessarily of, or cognate to, racing. The homeward move was very general, while yet two events appeared 011 the card, and generally people went home in a contented and happy mood. For though it was not the greatest Cup wo had seen, there was a consensus of opinion that it was altogether the love liest. More splendour in the gross and glory in the flower than tho oldest Cup goer remembered, which seemed in 60tne | way to have been reflected on the woman kind which graced the day. More beauti ful adornment, aud chaste and artistic I and natural display. Less extravagance, | and an utter absence of the magnificent vulgarity which has at times made strangers smile, and sensitive Australians feel conscious of a little sense of shame. 