AUSTRALIAN VERSE AND FICTION—NO. II WRITTEN FOR "THE ADVENTIDER" BY DAVID CHTISTIE MURRAY. Criticism in Australia would seem to be a thing of rapid growth and to have in it some element of spontaneity. Before I had actually seen my first article on "Australian Verse sod Fiction" in the eolamo? of The Advertiser, an antiuulMtU: gentleman write* to offer to me the amazing statement thatliiave "got hold of the old idea that all Australian writers support the principles of the Imperial Federation League." I have certainly nevtr thought so or said so, but have, as a natter of tact, said something very dis tinctly 10 the contrary. Another critic, • vsluea prnonal fcletid this time, assures me thst my allusion to the whisky and wattr element which I thought I had dis covered will give offence to many. I hope not. Is was not offensively In tended, and it has been true of many great poets who unhappily have been too often less mocally strong than Intellectually splendid. The artistic tern peiament undoubtedly predisposes Its owner to certain forms of self-indulgence, and It would be a little mournful to my mind if a man could not be gently honest on that theme without being thought in vidious and offensive. Mai* gui t'ezcux t'accuse, and it may be wise to say no more open this head. Yet s> third oritto-writes to tell me that I have forgotten the name of J. Brunton- Stephens, which Is In Itself a somewhat improbable assumption and is here and now to be dissipated. For mere quality of technique, for facility, finish, and Indeed nearly all the qualities of workmanabtp, JJruntcn stands almost, If sot actually, the highest amongst Australian writers la"Con vict Once' he has created a story essen tially dramatic in conception, though he has chosen to cast it into the form of a lyric aeries and to crowd bis work with distinctly morbid introspection. How fine his technique sometimes Is, how nearly faultless, the two following verses show very fairly:— Down in the vines be is sitting, the fruitage leal shadows above him landing concomitant dum to the ripeness that noshes his rthmfr, Tbere in the glory of rammer about him; I sea bun and love him Ad-ing not why. I but know that the strong one is come to the weak. Down in the lines be is sitting, and radiance leaf-softened and golden On the broad calm of bis brow through the veil of the vintage is shed. Ilttt be each boogh tbat nmhrines him Henceforth I ml ever beholden Unto the slenderest, tenderest leaflet that ■belter* his bead. The old Greek measure Is not one which willingly renders itself to music In the English tongue, and it certainly is not Mr. Bronton Stephen's fault if these verses teem to carry with them something of an echo of Longfellow's "Evangellne." This is altogetheraquestlon of metre,andLong< fellow happened to be the first among writers in H??gH«Ti who made tTiU metre popular. The workmanship here, as I have already said, Is almost faultless, bnt I tbtak that! shall never again hear the word "concomitant" after fcniaiMWng myself with this verse without a sense of strange nees and discomfort. I will not go ao far as to aay that no finished artist in words could by auy chance have got It where It stands, but I must declare that It comes with something of a shock and a surprise. It is even curiously cacophonous, and in a patsrge otherwise ao gncefol la all the more remarkable. A habit the same writer has of using the word " quiet" as If it wete a monosyllable is sg*ln a shook to tbe seDt'tlve cur. The poet may justify hiate'f by an appeal to Tennyson, who In his "In Memoriam" uses over and over again tbe yet con marked dissyllable *• spirit," in the same way, but Tennyson la a very complete wordmsater, and In one line in that immortal poem— Sprit to spirit, ghost to ghost: he shows that he recognises the full metrical and musical value of the word, and thereby sets the careful critic think ing that he has a special doable service for it. This fineness of criticism may look a little unworthy, but after all the plea sure Imparted by verse depends so largely on the mere absence of painful impres sions, that in reviewing any bnt the very greatest worbsthls trivial criticism is not out of place. The giants make their own forms, their own rules and laws. Xney do less what they will than what they most, and they express themselves under a sort cf regal compulsion, after the matner of their own nature. The excuse does not avail with smaller men, and where we forgive obscurity and harshness of expression to Browning or overlook Wordsworth's remarkable lapses Into cblldisbne?s we do so by virtue of the counterbalancing value of their work. It 1b undeniable that Mr. Bnxuton Stephens is a poet, bnt he lacks clarity and simpli city. Take, for example, a verse In which he describes the outward signs of the first dawn of love In a virgin heart— Beautiful sequence 'of vermeil suffusions and paleness unbidden, Drtam-lustred eyes that look inward on Eometbing to others uneeen. Reveries endden and maidenly languor and sighs bnt half hidden. Pensive reserve over-drooping the virginal grace of her mien. Now, I will not say that this Is not well done, bnt surely it is overweighted with words of a trjing and nnfamujar aspect. When the same writer chooses he can be simple and direct, as witness his poem. "The Dominion of Australia—a Forecast." He baa been speaking of the subterranean streams which run below the arid wastes of Central Australia, and he closes with this strong and manly verse:— Bo flows beneath our good and til A viewtaa stream of common will, A Fathering force, a present might, Tbat from its silent depths of gloom At wisdom's voioe shall leap to light And bide our barren feuds in bloom* Till all our sundering lines with loveo'erxrown, Onr bounds shall be tbe Rirdling seas alone, Mr. Bmnton Stephens proves here beyond all cavil tbat he can say what he wants to say in simple, natural, and unaffected words. Contrast tbe direct simplicity and force of the lines last quoted with the wilfully obscured and pedantic expression of the others, and observe how much is gained by the nae of simple words and phrases which can be understood at a glance. Mr. Brunton Stephens is a humorist a* well as a poet, and is at times extremely felicitous, as, for instance, In the familiar couplet In which he describes the " Other Chinee Cook"— He was lazy, he was cheeky, he wa* dirty, be was t lj; But be bad a single virtue, and its name wai rabbit pie. Some passages in the address "To a Black Gin" are strong In humor, though the very nature of tbe theme, as I suppose, makes them queer reading for over-fasti dious people. Thy rugged dun is hideous with tatooiog And legible with hieroglyphic wooing. Sweet things in art of aome fieroe lover* doing. For tbou some lover hast, I bet a guinea; Some partner in thy fetid ignominy. The taiaon d'etre ot this picaninny. And ia be amoronaly sympathetic And doth he kiss tbeel , . Oh, my soul prophetiol Toe very notion is a strong emebe ? And doth be smooth thine hours with oUjr tn!W"g, And take thee conjugally out * walking, And crown thy transport* with a toma hawking? I guess his lore and anger are combined ao | Bib pasaion on thy shoulders are defined. «o; His passages ot love are ** underlined" ao. This is excellent in Its way, and has a (ertabt wilful, hamoroat savagery In it which reminds one of Thomas Hood la aome of his moods. There Is the same characteristic note In " New Ohum and Old Monarch," which Is capital, bat too long for quotation here, - Mr. Stepsons b veiy AnitraHan hi the selection of hb themes ; he finds hb inspiration in the things ~tJ?t lie about him, which b always a sign of native veracity In * man of letters! "and be needs nothing but a resolute effort after the formation of a clear and aknple style to enable him to take one of the highest and moat honor able plates amongst the pioneers of Aus tralian poetry. The late Marcus Clarke bad a pretty torn for satire and for literary mtmtey. Ha has left behind Mm two samples of thta gift In Ms Imitations of Sudan and lWsaf> Gordon, aad la «ach he has c&aght; the essential tone of the person imitated, though the exaggeration of peonlbiity strikes one as being a little men?ase. The jolly, «wag*aitDg, san hrosnsed ■tockilder to whom Gordon pre rtats ns b a eavaller-trooper In disgalse. 3 l.f gentlesaan of the time of the Beauts meets the desert-daring adventurer of Victorian ages in hb verse. The two FnttMnise astd become Incorporate, and in "Mark CJaney's Leap" Clarke has very ?;«%«*i2ed on this distinguishing cha r terJstle of hb contemporary. One t <.k*«f>G4fdan as being born out of hb t -:e. H? ahsjntd have fought at Naseby lc at: Woroest?r's crowni?g fight, but being pUchferktd by fate and hh own adventarous spbit into the wild Ufaofff«aqgA*MtraUs>ha took kindly to It, aa night have kswa «xvae«ed of him. Thcangfa all Jib. pages there breathes that spirit of reckUss daring, that glow of romance, wJslchdbtlngsAhedthe Royalbta of filng Charles^ day. In my own mind I figosc him, booted «nd.sp«tred,eoarlet soated, with lomg lovelocks floating in the breeze. That Image of the man may be abasrdly fnatreqnate or unl&e;, bat all the same it will stand, if not for the actual fleshly Lindsay Garden, for the ideal and yet real man depicted In hb own pages. Poor Gordon—it conies natural to aay poor Gordon when speaking of him—was an adventurous and robust-bodied pessi mist, full of the romance of another age than oars. He b I think the one figure In the history of Australian letters, so far that «w? looks at with the most complex and contradictory and yet the most In terested sympathy. More than anybody else he represents in conjunction the op posing elements of hb time. The romantic, chivalrous old-world man comes oat to do battle, not with an opposing idea, whioh he can hate passionately and Intensely (sad so gain strength from it as men do from all sovereign passions), but with the dull, slow yielding forces of eld nature. These, to a man of hb romantic mould, offered no lasting incentive to effort. Be would have fought the active enemy until he dropped, but the inertia of the forces be was doomed to oppose oppressed him and overwhelmed him early. The world will not forget him for a while, Zola's theory about the neces sity of tempeiamental work was never better Illustrated than by hb literary career. Gordon, though he was full of echoes so iar as mere style b concerned, was yet himself and no other. He ex pressed hb own moods, spoke hb own thoughts, fed on hb own experiences. He could feel acuUly the rash and swirl of life expressed hi the lay of the LoamshireHandi cap," How we Beat the Favorite." Fresh from the Sydney racing week, the verses that follow sum to have a dearer and more exciting ting for me than ever— She eame-te bis qoarter, and on stM I brought her, And up to his girtb, to his breastplate bos drew} A short payer from Nerille jolt reached me. "Be* Devil r He saattaed—locked level the hurdles we flew. A hmn of hsane eaeerisg, a dense crowd careering, AU sights teta obscurely, all shouts vaguely beard "B« green who," "The criaucn." The mnl titade «wim« on, Ard 6gQres ase blended and features are blamd. Tm hone is her master ! "The green forges pastber!" " The Clo*o win ontbdt hex !" "Thedosra wins V "The Clown!" The white rai'irg races with all the white facet. Tfce chesuot outpace*, outstretches the brown. Uo etui pact tbe gateway, she strains in the straightway. She straggles! " The down by a short neck almost." He swerves; the green scourges; the stand seeks<aad rages, Aad tehee and verges and flits (lie white Pott. Aye, ac ends the tnssln I knew the tan muzzle Was first, thonch the ring men were yellirg A nosel could swear by, but Clarke said " the ■ssareby A short bead." And thatfs how the favorite was heat. Thb, I say, thb rush and swirl of excite ment Gordon could fed Intensely, bat he could yet write— Is there ought worth losing or keeping J The bitters or sweets men qnafi? The sowing or doubtful raping ! Tfcefearyest ef grain er chaff ! Or fsjnanderJsig'days er Hepm% Or staaiaff seasons or sbap&i;, TLe langfter thatdaes tbe weepiag, OrUie weeping that drowns the bagb ! V" j'-vawazdim aad woes deaden, W« forget the samwrol biers Air the garlands glad that have fled in Tbe menifal march of yean ; i And tbe innny skies and the leaden, Asd the faess that psle at redden, ' And tbe nciles tbat lovers are wed in, Who are hern and buried in tears. There b no doubt that he felt and meant them both, and between them they carry with them aomethlng of tT"t fatal air which distinguishes the works of Lord Byron, a far greater poet obviously, bat a man very much of the same mood with Gordon. They both quaffed tbe cop of pleasures somewhat too eagerly, and each finds a luxury in the contemplation of hfa own troubles and perplexities. Valiant, dashing, splendid at moments, and then despondent, bitter, eyries!, and hopelew, sympathetic to sympathetic people In almost any mood, but after all not of the stuff which makes strong men. Of course we ate not talking of Ideally perfect poets here. The great poet b a : man who locks on aD thugs calmly and justly, who b as self-balanced as any cold philosopher or statesman, and whose heart can yet glow overall the splendors of natofe and of tinman nature—a nan of dynamic emotional powes held ! nnder strict control. The poet most be white-hot In emotion sad icy cold In ■elf judgment In the same second of time, or he will achieve no perfect presentation of hb own thought. Vo man of thb calibre has as yet arisen In the new land. The vain characteristic as yet Is that which distinguishes the race of smaller poets ( every «here, an emotional dash, an emotional and aepsnooa nub. of feeling uncontrolled for the most part by that ■tiicly conteroporaiy faculty ol .self ctltlc'm, which b one of the most necrs ssry weapons in the artist's •mument The root of the n-atter is undoubtedly in the poets vf Anttial'a, but they grow the rlow<<r from it too hurriedly. There are not many writers mote essentUly pcetioal In temperament, fat example, tban Her.ry Kendall, but he watte* hfs strength on epithet, and eotoe tiffi'B 'txhifcits a sfogtdat disre gard for tne'tfifatty of bH own verse. I am <|tiite«nr?T? t*>«t if I esod caw reader to that poem of Kendall'sl efc«f*ed "On a Cattle Track" I am not sending Mm by sry means to tbe best work of theitaet', but tbe lines contained ttfere wfrre« an apt Dlnstrmtlon of my meaning. The writer here knows perfectly well what he wants to lay, but mbses It by pure hurry. Ton msy-spoil the naact««B«r«Ba wloe la the world if you decant it *n that -wmft Tonr priceless port or aged Borginklyis mined If Ike dregs of wa bottle ate flawed to find «?elr way Into Aegises. Where Kssekll does control Mmmlf snd takes east) that the atxeam of kaprra tJon. raas dear be cast be very new indeed. Take as m example an euervt from hb ! ln*« ?■ *"*if^*«« Masene<Jlatke, who in the-naesaflfbl vtlame ef the Utter b rpoktn ef sw-mb friend in heart andhU v—|V..?- p.-t^g T^-n" *■■ thlifl ramn from say jpwtatipfw <•?& ib*. jodieloae. MenaWl&iitaPwM;?al&itoibrit.; It b only in that ojansjanMtfiatttie stream of thought runs tnrkifb The night wind sobs vn riiff* austere Where gleam by. fit* the wintry stur: And in the wild mnnb woods I hear A n't—t?gtmrfr~-?'" The branch-end leaf are very "till; Bat new 1h? great grave dark has grown, The torrent in thetaasnaesndl Bends forth a deeper tone. Here, sitting by a dying- flame, LewDrtflboowtafcanink ia grid Of Hargnr, whose unhappy name Isatanaotou leaf. Ajk?4«mtdiry«s*T breadths oiblue, Afar from folds at forest dark, I see the eyes that once I 'knew, ffeeeyta t?f Mneoe Gtaxke, Ttob cleai bright beanby shines apace, But sonny dreams in shadows end, Tbe sods have hid the faded face, Of my heroi: friend. Ec sleeps where winds of evening pass, VI here water songs are soft aad low; Upon his grave the tender grass Has not had time to gaow. Except for the unfortunate word "apace" in the laat wem bat one -alted, which mean abaolutaly M^thfag, and.is an insult j to the rest of the poem, it would not be •?y to beat thb little passage for tender neu and deliccey of expression, except by a refetenca to the weeks of thenetaal Immortals, In Its olasa It b moce than good— kb excellent. Bat tbe discerning reader cannot fail to see in that unhappy little word the crux of the whole question of poetical expression. The same man who In prose will express himself with a guarded caution and exactitude, when allowed to " assail the blue empyrean of poetry with a loaded pen"—is an old friend of mine once pot It—will be gallty of« hnndred extravagances of diction, and as long sa lie finds his chyme and metre accurate will be content with almost any thing. And this, though It seems an all bat universal rule, b rather a pity, for In poetry more than In prose—vastly more than In prose—a perfect accuracy of ex pression, a complete fitness of sense to sound and of word to meaning is required. The best of verse la no more than noble prose clarified and set to music. 1 should be loth to leave this study of Australian verse, necessarily Incomplete as Its limits make It, without citing in fall what strikes me as the most essentially poetic verses I have found hi the Aus tralian anthology. There are bat twenty lines, and though there axe few of my readers here who are lQ&ly; to be anas qualnted with them, nobody, 1 fancy, will blame me for. reprinting them. They express no great thought, impulse, or i emotion, but they exhale an odor of their own. The writer has felt a vague uncer tain charm—one of those fugitive and pas slogsentimentsof tbes-nl with whichever? sensitive man and woman b familiar and i bss for once succeeded In catching the tricksy sprite of fancy, or rather of sensa tion. The verses are Mr. Holdflworth'a, and their title b " My Qaeen of Dreams." They do not mean much, bat then they were not Intended to mean much. The sun ray which falls across your path In scented pine woods b charged with no special message to your mind, though It ! may carry one to something which lies behind the mind. The eoent of a rose or tiie song of a bird, or die breath of an evening breeze, or the last lines of fading oolorlnasunset eload, mean nothing in the logical and Instructive way. bat have their finer meanings «U the same. In the warm flashed heart of the tase-rcd west ■! When the great can quivered and died to- day Yon pulsed, O Btar, by yon pine clad erect— And throbbed tfll the bright eve asbened Rray— . J When I saw yon swim By the shadowy rim Where tbe grey gum dips to tbe western pUin And yon rayed delight As yon winged your flight To tbe mystic spheres where your kiacmen , reign! j Ob star, did yon see her ? My queen of dream < { W?e it yon that glimmered the night we strayed A month ago by these eeent<>i stream* ? Half cbesked by tbe litter the mask-bud made! Did yon sleep or wake 2 Ah, for love's eweet sake (Though tbe world ehoaid fail aad the soft Btar i wane!) I sh?ll dream delight Till opt soots take flight To the myttic spheres where your kinsmen reign. 1 have already said my aay about Aus tralian fiction. And although day by day and hour by hour voices reach me which are cot audible to Sngush ears across the sea, I have to confe*a that I do not hear any distinctive note beyond those I have already signalled. The conditions of ltteiature on thb side of the world are, and for many a year must be, unfavorable. The laws of supply and demand role Inex orably, «yen those children of fancy who write noreisand poems in the way of bead nets. The great newspapers oat here ctu I offer to the wide circle of their readers the best worn of living English writers, and at present the only pobUsMng centre b to be found in London. The Australian man or woman of genius who would find a market must find it there. In long years Ito come U may be and most be otherwise. I should never have touched thb theme at all if I had not seen one patent faok ■tar ing me in the fase from the beginning. The future of Australian letters to my ! mud b clear. I pointed oat a week ago that Am«??lqm witters of fiction seek an old-world background for their stories. Their propinquity to Bvope encouirges them to work In that direction, bat here we are half the diameter of the world away, and in spite of the increasing fscUitles of communication the Australian writer wUI recognise a wholesome com pulsion to live amongst hb own people. Hb very dbtance from the rest of the world will help to keep him In touch with the aflairs that lie at his own doorstep. "That b best which lleth nearest." There are social problems to be solved here, there are political problems, as exigent as any the old world has known. There are con sMeiations which have long pressed upon us at home, which, though as yet they only dhnly menace the Australian future, will have to be faced in time. It la be yond dbpate that some change, whatever it may prove to be, will take pl*ce In tue rational character. Yooi novelists and 1 oeta will analyse tbe changes as they some. Your literature by the very totca of your distance from the old world sources of Inspiration wDI become more sod mcrre characteristic of your own con ditions, and fat the realms of nation and of ait at least tbe cry of AaatraHa for the Australians must be satisfied. I do not scruple to aay that nowhere else In the English tpeaidng world are local infioeneea working; «o rapidly upon tbe English character as they are reie. It will be long before the in- j flnecce of the European me del ceases to ntrke'ita Impress felt And, since I for { one Irelieve that there is no model purer ard mere majestic in the world, I pray that It may be long.indeed. Bat nobody ! Wlo looks ihoughtf ally at the literature of Australia can fail to notice that its authors ehoosfe to treat of the themes they kbow ; tbal they handle, whether en forcedly or by preference, the characters and the scenes that lie aotoally about them. That fact alone b prophetic of a literature distinctly local. We speak for the moment of a "local" charac teristic as applied to a-continent as big as Europe or thereabouts, wnd the most daring man ttmnot venture to prophesy for noretfcariiiie Intmfediste future. Ire ■ reme*nbersftatl oaee /asked my dear and . njow departed Mend, fUehacd Proctor, for Whit psriod'of y^snastrooomers«appased the world woakt beMUtsMe ferttoVaoe. dFnetf wboaow extat upon It. By way of inJtapHndssate estimate he Answered ttuft ww had some fifty or sixty mOlten years in all probability before us. That , will last more than oar time, and there, are changes beyond, of which tire most Ins^freoT Intelligence due not erdS-dream. I ]fa the tutaattme, X b ccimft?rtiojf -te. a inn irlir 'rrm hf- --—try ""J Utr"*-* -in it *o think that the latest of her -off iltooto, omaay-perhaps to be the greatest, to following, the-noblest of the acts In the spirit of the mothar lsnd, fraaplng It clean and wholesome, and honest, and JSnullah, even -while it diverges into new and lootl forms. 