THE jNEWS :IN MEL BOURNE CAUSED A PROFOUND S&NB;&- TION And Great Grief. The Funeral Arrangements. (ur WIBE— ?ROM oua OWif cobbispokdivt ) Melboubnh, Tuesday Evening. ice circulation of the intelligence that Henry Ernest Searle, the Champion Sculler of the World, had passed away at tea minutes past nine this morning, oau3ed a profound sensation throughout Melbourne. Of course his end was not unexpected, still the shock was severely felt throughout the oommunity. It is sad to think, after so worthily upholding the honor of his country on tho Thames, that he should come back to Australia and . become a viotim of typhoid fever almost on the threshold of home. No doubt poor Searle would have derived a certain amount of comfort if he could have died amongst his own people, but several intimate friends .were: around his bed as he passed away and everything that skill, aSoction, and money cculd devise was done for him. He was unable to speak for half an hour be fore his death, but was conscious to the last, and clearly showed that he recognised tboEU around him. Dr. Iiovell,. . Mr. Sptncer, Mr. Matterson, and Mr. C. Crane n ere amongst those present at thedeith bed scene. The poor fellow passed; away as it he were going to sleep, and death waa painless. Unfortunately his father - did .not arrive in time to Bee the last of his son. The Bev. Canon Sergeant, of Williamstown, who had been administering spiritual comfort to tho departed champion during the past few days was Bent for as the end approached, but ho arrived only in time to see him give up the ghost. Saarle in his illness endeared himself to all by his gentleness and the kindly and patient spirit he showed, and Canon Sergeant describes him as a noble fellow with a large heart and with a lovable and gentle nature. The question of the disposal of the cham pionship was discussed during the last few days of Searle's illness, and he expressed a wish in the event of his death that the championship should be competed for by Australian scullers. His winhes were reduced to writing, signed snd sealed, Mr Spencer now having' tbe valuable document. The. body is still lying at the Sanatorium in the room in which the death took place. It was sad to see the numerous letters and telegrams addressed to the departed man lying on the table in an adjoining rocm, his manager not having time or noart to open them. The body will be removed to the establishment of Sleight the under taker to-morrow, and the funeral will take place from there to Spencer-street Station, the body being sent on to Sydney by the fifteen minutes to 6 express. One of the laBt wishes of the poor fellow, and characteristic it was of his native modesty, was that the funeral should be quiet and unassuming. The coffin will consist of a leaden shell, enclosed in' an oak case, and will bear the inscription, 'Henry Ernest Searle, died December 10, 1889, aged 23 years.' On a shield above will be in scribed ' Best in peace.' 