BOOTIES' BABY. (BV J. V.. WlSTKll.) AN INTI5RESTING STORY^OF LIFE IN A CAVALRY BAURAUKS. 1 ./v. v... ... .... (Contilllipd.) ? CHAPTER V. .. . Thoro was only one b'ot in tho sweatees ' . :;and lisrl)t of M:s3 lligiio i'j bab/ clmractor, so fnr as tlio ollicors of the Scarlet Lancors woro conconieJ. Anion? tliem all thoro i was only o o whom sli3 did no! like. Siu -.: : bad^disicoj of lovo— Bootljs ran':o l firet, I i ; -then Lncv. thon two or tlireo crouiv? of ; friends v.-boni sho likoJ bo;t, bettor and .well; but shshrid nodo^ro^sof dislika whsro sho did not lovo. She hairjil, hate! liarcely and furiously, hated with all her baby heart, and foul. Thoro werj sovojaJ riscsons fn her small world whom f ho detosru i tUns, nbsolulxjiy declaiing to hol-1 conimunieation ,. or to nccapt overtures from tUsm, however \- sweetly ruad.-; but thero was ouly ono of tho cflie3rs who camo unlor this head, and ho was Gilchrist, tho mnn ? who had dubbed her nt first workhouse brut. Miss Miguon could not , endure him. When old enough to under stand that a cartain box of sweeties hud come from Mr. Gilchrist, she would drop it .-as if it burned her lingers, draw down tho corners of her mouth, and rennrkj ' 'Miss ; Mignon is vory much obliged;'' an observa tion which invariably sent Booties and Lacy . off into fits of laughter, at which tho littlo maid would fly open-armed to him and cry, 'But Mignon loves Booties.' But tho fact remained tho same, that Miss Mignon de tested Gilchrist, who, indeeil,- was not a favorite iu tho regiment. Nor, indeoJ, did . Gilchrist seem to liko Miss Miguon nny bat ter, though ho now and thon brought his offerings of toys and bonbons, liko the rest. In tho face of Booties' sovore snub about tho two odious words ho had applied to her, ho was hardly such a simpleton as to further rouso or annoy tho most popular man in the regiment; yot iE he could possibly cast a slur on Boot'os or on the child ho did it. Never from his lips came tho pet name 'Miss Mig non,' never did his black eyes rest on her without a sneor or a jibo ; if he could by any cliance twist Booties' words into an admis sion that tho child was really his, ho took cai'o'nover to lose tho opportunity, 'Oh, com?, now,' Preston cried ona day, whon l:o had been sneering at Booties and ? Lacy, who had just driven away with tho child between them, 'Booths is a right gcod sort— no mistako oil that point. No ;. sneaking hypocrisy nbout him. It would bo ( woll for you and mo if wo were half as fine chaps; but we ara not, Gilchrist, and, what is moro, wo never shall be.' '?Oh no; but where is tho mother of that biatS' 'How should I know! or Booties? 1 shouldn't mind laying my lifo tlmt Booties never did and never will causo her or nny \- other'woman to writo such a lettor as came with theichild that night. .Tolly gooil thing ? r. for this one if. she was Booties' wile, instead '#-ot being, tied up to the hound who bound her ? ?~M-to;secrecy.and deserted her. Perhaps she's !?» i^dead,. poor soull Who knows?' -i£-- 'Perhaps' she isn't,' Gilchrist sneered, f - 'Eqm'e jpeople never die.' Good-natured and not very -wise Frolon stai'ed at him, and Hartog looked from bo-' ?t\hind:his4jtewspap3r, aghast at the bittorness ' .ol liis fonK'f ' i 'Gixkl heavens, Gilchrist!' Preston cried, 'nro .''yoii wanting somebody to die!' . .Vv - Gilchrist tried to laugh, and succeeded ' '\very badly. Ho rose from his chair, kncci ? '-tins a few scattered cigar ashes carefully oil his l.raided cuff. -iaSfe* 'WTell, I confess I should ipjpj^sorry to see that prating brat of Booties' out of the road. We should perhaps got at tho truth . then.' And having delivered himself of this feel in 5 sp:eeh, he went out, banging tha door aftor him. ,v 'Well, upen my soul I' exclnimed Preston. 'Oh, tho mail's got a tile loose iu his upper story,' said Hartog, decidedly. 'No man in his scnso.s would talk such niisorablo rot as that. Alwnys thought Gilchrist a crazy fool myself, but I'm sure of it now.' 'And how I12 sticks to it Mis3 Miguon is Bootlos' own ciiild— as if it e mM be uny . gocd for him to say alio isn't if shu is--.' 'No. I shall tell Booties to ken;) nn oyo on Gilchrist. I tuy, what a comfort it would bo if he would only exchango! I suppose we can't manugo to dazzlo him with tha do lights of India, ell?' . 'Nojt .very well. Besides, he lost ever so 'much seniority by coming to us.' 'No such luck. It's queer, though, he should ba so persistent nbout Bnotles aud Miss Mignon. T supposo ho wants to daub Bcotles with some of liis own mud. Thinks ? if' lio only throws enough, somo ol' it's sure 'to.s.ick; and so It would with most mon. Happily, however, it don't in tho least matter what a littlo cad liko Gilchrist' choDSDS to say about a man liko Booties— a jealous littlo boast.' . Neither of them said any more about the matter, but Hartog took tho earliest oppor tunity of roDeating to Booties what 'that; as3 Gilchrist' had said about seoiiig that prating brat of Booties' out of the road, \- and in consequence a kind of watch was set upon the child. Not that 'Bootlos, though ????.ho had a vory poor opinionj^f '.Gilchrist and Gilchrist's brains, was afraid for a moment Cliatbp woul'.l_£iv£. MjssJMjgnoo poisoned 'Lovely I' she murmured to Miv. Mmlli). I In another lnouient they had drawn up at tho great Gothic door- way, nnd innnediatoly tlio figure of a little child drcs;od in wiiito appearoi on tho top of tha broad stop3, kiss ing lior small hands in tokon of wolcomo. 'Go in directly ; you'll got cold. Go in, I say,' Booties called out. It was, indeed, bittorly cold, and a fow ilak03 of snow wero falling. But Mis3 Mignon had a budgot of news for her Bootlo3, and was not to be done out of telling it. ?'Lai lws had a lettor from home,' sho piped out in lior shrill voico. Lai was h?r uamo for Lacy, and homo meant Bhnk hnmpton Barracks. 'And tln St. Bernnid has go'ted two puppioj— beautios— and I'm to have oil?, Lai says so. A id Terry ha s brokod his log.' Terry was ono of Booties' groom?. 'And Maj. Ally's going to bo married.' Boot 03 was so surprised that lie forgot tho cold and his order that Miss Mignon should go in. 'What!' he exclaimed, incrodulously. Just then Lacy himself came to the top of tho stops wiih tp?:i ai-ins, so to spoak, and carried off Mrs. Smith into the houso. Miss Mignon took ndvtuitagj o£ tha opportunity to run down tha stops just as Booties holped . Mmo. Gourbols'ca to tha ground. 'I wo'.ccma you with much ploasure,' ho said, cordially— 'Miis Graca aiso,' as lie : gavo hjr;l:ijU uJ ro jainp tho last stop. 'I am afraid you are .ired. You aro very white.' i 'I rr.i tired|''sho said, in a low voico, not looMng nVliim, bub at the child. '?Jt s si b'lteriy cold. Don't stand a monio.i j: ? ' Mi ' n in, will you go iu i' M si ilig; oj s -ipp?d up tho sfep3, and tho R -nsian lady caught lior in h«r arms. 'O.i, you littto angoll and what is your nnmo?1' 'I'm .MijS^Mignoj.: You're a vory pretty iady,' rolurned Mignoti, critically. 'I wantod to go to tin station, but Booties said it wn; toe colJ, and Lai ? ' .'Madame dce.i not know what Booties and Lai mean,' interrupted Booties. 'This is Booties. -and that's Lai,' Miss Mignon informed her. 'I'm Miss Mignon, anrl;I bplong to Booties.' 'Oh, you belong to Booties. I am sure he must bn very proud of you,' Madame answorod. 'ILolievo I'm a groat bother to him,' Miss Mignon announced, in a matter of fact ton?. Booties laughed. 'Come to tho firo, madauie,' ho Raid. Then, turning to Miss Grace, 'I'm sure you aro vory ccld--you nro as whito as a ghost. I'm sure,' ad dressiug Lady Marion, 'Aunt Marion, wine would bo much better tlinu this tea.' 'No, no; tea,' they cried — at least the two elJer ladies, for Misi Grace seemed to have no ears for any ono but the child Ixnbnus, or run o.T with her and drop i or In tiie river; yet he did think it. not inip.o able that he miaht encourage nn alrasd / dangerous spirit ot ndventuro, and of courso bo absolutely blameless if slia could get t-.aniploJ by a horsa's cruol hoofs, or cruEhj.l by ono of the many traps going in and out of barracks. When Booties had taken his first long leavo after Mis3 Mignon's coming, he bad loft her at Idleminstor in charge of her UUVS3; but when long loavo camo round again nnd she must havo been about two and a half, he decidcd to take her with him. Ono reason for tuis was certainly a fear of any pranks Gilchrist might choose to play, another that Lacy was taking his leave at the same timo, aud Booths was afraid, in tl-.o absence of both, Miss Mignon might fret herself into a fever. Aud, basidos, he had missed tho child during a fortnight's deor stalking in Scotland that autumn moro than ho would have likol to own. From Blankhampton, therefore, thoy wmt to his place, Ferrers Court, whero he was to entertain a rather larga party for Christmas, with a sister cf his mother's, and his oniv near relative, to do tha honors for hi n, and among his guesis a Mrs. Smith, a widow, and sistar to that dead girl to whom he fancied a resamblance in Miss Miguon. Howevor, nt the last moment, Mrs. Smith wrotu to excuse horsalf. 'I am very, very sorry,' she said, 'but a very dear friend of mine, with whom I spent two winters in Italy, hes suddenly ap peared, with a traveling companion and two maids, to pay me a long-promisod visit of at least two months. She is a Russian rountess— a widow, liko myself, aud wis'-es, I fancy, to improve her Engl.sh, whicii sho already speaks vory well. Of course I am dreadfully disappointed, but cannot help it.' Now, it happened that Booties had a very deop and great respect and liking' for Mrs. ?Smith, and not for nil the widowed coim tessas in Russia was he willing to upset his plans ; thoreforo lie wroto off at once to Mrs. Smith, nfter a five minutes' -onsultation with Lady Marion, to beg her to carry out her original intentions aud bring Madame and her retinue 'along. ' Would sho tele graph her reply ? Mrs. Smith did so, tho reply being, Yes. Moreover, sho supplemented tlio telegram by a lottor, in which sho mentioned among othor things that Mmo. Gourbolska's trnvo'.ing companion must be treated in all ways as an ordinary guest. So, at tho tima originally appointed for Mrs. Smith's coming, the party of six — three ladies and tlirea maids — arrived. Bcotlos liim;eK wont to the station to meet them. Ho found that Mme. Gourbolska was young, not mora than thirty, of tha plump and fair Russiau typs, quita fair euough to hold her own bosido Mrs. Smith, whom ha regarded as tho most beautiful Woman of his acquaintance. Tho third lady, Mis3 Grace, was fair also, perhaps not so positively beautiful as oither tho English or tha Russian lady, but fuir-hnirod, fair skiuned, with soft blue-gray oyos, intensely Llue in som J lights, as Booties noticed di rcctly. Graceful sho was to a degrao, and ns lie watched lier move across tha little station he thought how wonderfully her naino suited her. Mrs. Smith smiled at him as he helped her to mount to the top of tho omnibus. 'Is not tho likonoss wonderful?'' sha said, with ono of thosa quick sighi with which wo spoak of onrdead; and thon sha slid, 'Poor Rosy.' Bootloi turned and looked at Mis j Grace again, his mind going back to those dark days, past au 1 gone now, when ho an 1 his bost frioid hid bean OJtranja.l for honor's sale?. When ho and thi3 imparinlly beautiful woman Lad siood side by sido watching a young liFodia out; had togother sarn tho sacriiico of a heart, the martyr of love to mnn. 'Yes, it is very groat,' he said, briefly. Thut dead sister of Mrs. Smith had always been and would nlways boa not-to-bj-brokon bon-J of union botween them, for tho widow know how glu Jly 'that gran 1 Booties,' as sho always onllel him, would havo tried to niiiku up for tho lovo sho hnd lost, wliilo to Booties Mrs. Smith stood out from the l ost of womankind as tho sistor of the only woman ho hadover wishod or asked to marry him. Ho holpad Miss Grace up to thosoat beside Mrs. Smith, and took'his own placa beside the Russian lady, who entertained him very woll during the three miles' drive between Eaglo3 Station aud Ferrers Court. 'Oh, but. what a paradisel' she cried as tho carriage turned into the court-yard. 'I am delighted that it pleases you,' he answered, glancing round to seo what offoct his .ancestral home had upon Miss Grace, 'Won't you speak to me I' slio fls'-oi, presently, us Miss Mignon gravely if garded her with lior big blue oyos. Miss Mignon wont close to her imme diately. 'Did Booties lot you drive?' sho asked, with intoro3t. Miss Grace shook her head, and lifted Mis3 Mignon on to her knee. 'I did not ask him,' sho said. 'Ohl' Then, after a pause, 'I ol — wav do.' 'Oh, you little angel ! What's your name?' 'But not a pair?'' in surprise. Miss Mignon nodded. 'When thoy'ro not too fresh. Bio'lei would havo letted you, if you'd asked him. ' 'I will another time.' 'Lacy,' said Booties suddenly, 'is it true about Allardyce?' 'Hartog says so. They say sho— or— dwrinks like a duck.' 'Pooh !' But Booties laughed ns if it was a' great joke, and Mi's. Smith bogged to be enlightened. 'Oh! don't you remember Allardyce? He's the great military teetotal light.' 'And — cr — he wreally is an awful duf fah,' remarked Miss Mignon, in so exact and so unconscious an imitation ot Lacy's drawl that hor hearers went ou' into fits of laughter, and Mis3 Grace, .clasping hor closa to her breast, bent and kissed the luxuriant golden curls. 'You're crying,' said Miss Mignon promptly, scanning Miss Grace's faco with her big oyos. 'No; but you made me laugh,' sho said hastily. ~ 'Somo people do cry when they Iaugii,' Miss Mignon informed her. 'Our colonel does. Now, Maj. Garnet always chokes, and thon Booties thumps him. I d n't know what he'll do,' she added in a tone cf deop concern, 'if lie chokos while we are away.' 'I nevor saw such an original littlo piece of mischief in my lifu,' cried Mrs. Smith. 'Aud how charmingly dressed— is she not, madame? So sensible of you to cover hor up witn that warm sergo up to hor throat and down to her wrists. Who put you up to it?' 'I fancy we evolved tho idea among us. You seo, sho runs in and out of my rooms, lier own, aud Mrs. Gray's, tho adjutant's wife, that is,' Booties answered. 'Aud larrack corridors are nob exactly hot houses. Besides, our doctor keips his oye on her, and he blamos the wrapping-up for hor never having a day's illness.' 'I believe in it,' asserted Mis. Smith. 'And I— oh! our married ladies tell me I mn quite an authority on the subject. I can tell you wo get fearfully chaffed about hor, Lacy and I.' 'Why ?' Miss Grace asked. 'Well, because she goes about with us a good deal, and people teem to find tho situa tion difficult to understand.' He took it for granted that she knew all about Miss Mig non, and sho did not press tho question fur ther. But half an hour lator, when Mrs. Smith was thinking of dressing, Miss Gruce tapped at her door and entered. 'Could you lend mo a fow black pins?' sho Bskod. 'Madame and I have both foi gotten them.' 'Certainly, my dear— take the box.' But Mis.; Graco ouly took a fow in. the pink palm of her baud. 'What a protty child that is,' she said carelessly. 'Did the mother dio when it was born?' 'Oh, luy dearl' cried Mrs. Smith, 'she is not Capt. Ferrers' child. No relation whatever.' 'No? Whoso, then?' 'Ah! That is a question.' Then she briefly told Miss Mignoii's history, endintr: 'But he will never part with lier now. Ho is so fond of her, nnd she adores him.' i , 'He is a fine fellow,' said Bliss Grace, toying with the pins in her hand. 'A fine, follow 1 Ho is a splendid char-.' actor,' Mi's. Smith criod warmly. '1; as sure you I havo studied that man— and I have kuown him. for years— aud I cannot find a fault in liim. Years ago, when we woro in great trouble, my mothor and I, at the time my sister died, oh, lie was so good, so — well,' with n quick sigii, 'I cannot ex plain it nil, but ho was such a comfort to us, and sho died, poor darling, under very painful circumstances, especially for me. Oil, there are vory fow in the world liko him— not one in ton thousand. Take his action ns regarded that dear little child, for instance. His brother dlicars wanted him to send liar to tha workhouse, but, as he wrote to me, 'Somo day I may meet the mother, and how should I face her?' ' 'Ah!' murmured Miss Grace, and Mrs. Smith went on. 'It was.no small undertaking for a man in his position, for ho has not loft her to the entire cure of servants— sho is continually with hiin and Mr. Lacy, who is ulso vory fond of her. Do you know, he pays her nurse fifty pounds a year. In fact, sho is just as if sho wero really his own child. But it is just like him.' 'And they would have sent ho/ to the workhouse!' 'One or two of them— not Mr. Lacy, of courso.' Miss Grace was silent for a few momants. Tiio.i siie roused herself as from a brown study. 'Woll, I am detaining you, Mr3. Smith, and shall be lato myself. Thank you very much.' Then she went away, passing softly down tho corridor, and entered hor room, locKlng tha door behind hor. But onco in that safe shelter, sho flung tho pins on the table aud dropped upon hor knees, burying her faco in hor hands, while the scalding tours forced their way between her fingers, and tho greut sobs shook her frame. '' 'Some day he might meet the mother,' ' sha sobbed, ' 'and how should he faca her)' Oil, my child, my littlo child, how shall I 1'aeo liimi How shall I bear it? How shall 1 livo iu tho sauio house with him without falling on my knees and blessing him for saving my littlo child from— God knows what!' CHAPTER VL ? A mon^i had passed, and the three ladies still romained at Ferrers Court, though ot hor ?visitors had come and gone, lots of them. Lucy was still there also, and occupied in making desperate love to the Russian iady, utterly ignoring two important facts— ono that sho only laughed at him, the other that she was three years his senior. But while all this was going on, Booties had fallen in lovo at last, as men and women only fall onco in their lives, apd of courso tV: jiid y wa3 Jfm:. Cnirtio's'ca'sfriond, M'ss Graco— had lie but known it, tho mothor of Mignon. But Booties never suspectod that for a moment. True, thoro was a idleness so strong as to proclaim tha truth, nnd many a timo Miss Grr.ca won lorad, whon sho caught sight of tho cliil 1's faca aud hor own in a glass, that all thosa people did not soa it. Yot neither Boot'.os nor any ona olso did soa it, aud tlio game of lovo was playoJ on with desperate earnestness on hi3 side, and witli equally dosporato desire to prevent it on hers. . But Booties admired shy game, and Miss Grace's ovidont shyness mado liim only tlio mora'earuest; and not boiii? troubled with thnt faint heart which navcr wot fair lady, ho had no intention of allowing Mim. G ur bolska to doparc from baueath his roof with out asking Miss Gracj to return to it as its mistress. Thorefora ona afternoon, whon ho roturned from hunting in niuoli bespattered pink, and went into tho lire-lit librury, wliore ho found Miss Graco half dreaming by tho firo, he shut the d :or with tha i .tou tion of getting it over at once. Miss Graco rose with soma signs of co.ifus'on. 'Don't go for a minut?,' said Booties; 'I waut to speak to you. It seems to ine that you have grown vory fond of my littlo Miguon. Is it not so?'' Miss Gracp caught at the carvings of the onkon chimney shelf to steady he.-solf, aud hor heart began to beat hard and fast. 'Yes, I am very fond of her,' she stam mered. 'I wish you would take her for your own,' Booties said vory gontly. 'For— my o vn?' sharply. 'What do you m sail!' For n moment she thought he knew all, but his noxt words undeceived her. 'If sho had such a mothor as you, poor littlo motharless waif, and if I had such a wife, and if Ferrers Court had such a mis tress! Ohl don't you understand what I mean?' taking hor hand. Miss Grace snatched tho hand away. 'Oh, don't, don't, don't!' she said, turning away. But Bootlos possessed himself of it again. 'Must I tell you more? Oh, my darling, how from tha vory first day I over saw you I loved you with all my heart and soul? How, whan I Lade you welcomo to my hcuse, I could, nnd would if I hnd dnred, havo takou you up to my heart and kissod you bofore ovory one? How ? ' Lacy was occupied in making desperate love to the Russian lad-i. 'Oh, toll me nothing— nothing!' sho criol with fevorish haste. 'Don't you understand it cannot bo? It is impossible— quite impas sible.' 'Impo'.sibla !' ho echoad, blankly. 'Why- is it impossiblo? Not because you don' t care, that I'll swear.' She said noihin?. 'Or, if that is so, look at me and say I don't love you.' But Miss Grace did not speak, nor yet did sha look. 'Or will you toll ma that thero is some one els-- whom you liko better?' ho asico.l, regaining hope. No, Mis3 Grace did not seem inclined to vouchsafe that information oither. 'Or that ilia care of the child would, bo an objection?' 'No.' she burst out, in an agonized tone. 'Then what do you mean by impossiblei' lie asked. 'It seems to mo vory possibio indeed.' fe.io looked at him, that proud, handsome, eroct man, with a smile of expectant happi , ne-s ou his good face— and tried to tako her . hands away. 'Oh ! ' sho sobbed out, 'don't you think I would if I could? I havo not been ho happy that I would throw away such happiness ns you could give me. Some day you nny know what it costs 1110 to tell you that it is quita impossiblo.' 'You give me no hope?' he asked in a dull voice, and she saw that ho had grown white to his vory lips. 'None,' sho returned; then added bittor ly, 'Oh, liopo aud I havo had nothing to say to ono another this long, long while.' Booties dropped liar hand listlessly. 'Then it is no use my boring you,' ho said, turn ing away. Then, with one imploring backward look, she went awau and left him alone. A' flerco denial rose to the girl's lips, but sha chokod it down and suffered his wci di in silence. Then meekly, and with 0110 im ploring backward look at his .tall figure, as lie stood, his head well up 111 spite of hi; ds l'eat, looking into tho fho, sho went away nnd left him alone. : (To be Continued.) 