QUiiTtong Qtolmnn* SAILOR BOY DROMIOS. [BY H. H. CLABK, U.S.N.] [From St. Nichoae.] Very early one bright morning two rowboatB, one flying American and the other English colours, reached at about the same moment a sandy part of the shore not far from the Egyptian city of Alexandria. Each boat had come for a load of sand, to be used in holystoning the decks. The English boat belonged to H.M-S. Alexandra,and the other to a famous little vessel of the American fleet. The meeting of these boats, engaged in the -same duty, was a trifling coincidence; but not 80 the meeting for the first time of two lads, one belonging to the English boat's orew and the other to the American. No sooner had the prowa of the cutters touched the beach than each crew began to stare, one at the English lad, and the other at tbe American boy. The boys themselves looked at each other in mutual surprise. : " Say, Docket," exclaimed the coxswain of the American boat, "may I never see a ghost, if that ain't yoors in that English uniform there 1" " Look a' there, 'Any," sang out an old English sailor, while he pointed his big, stubby finger at Dooket; "if 'eharn't your twin brother, then I'm the Prince o' Whales!" " Don't let 'em git mixed up," piped out & third sailor, "or they won't know tbeirselves!" So CIOBO were the resemblances between the boys, in stature, figure, and features that, had it not been for differences of accent and uniform, it is doubtful whether they oould have been distinguished. Indeed, the men declared with emphasis that if both boys should come into tne forecastle of either ship wearing the same uniform, unless they should betray themselves by their speech, there could be no certainty as to which waa which. The men went to work filling the boats in great haste, for, as matters were in Alexandria at that time, it was a rather dangerous expedition. Meanwhile Docket and Harry, in apite of orders from the coxswains and growls from the crews, promenaded together back and forth along the beach, each giving an account of his personal history, and arranging for a future meeting. By the time the boats were ready to Bhove off, the boys were very well acquainted, and had appointed the following Saturday as the first day of meeting, when, it was agreed, Daoket should visit Harry cn board the Alexandra. Just a word about Docket and Harry. Docket, by the way was only a nickname, given on board ship. The lad was the son of a Massachusetts clergyman. Much persuasion and no little coercion had been brought to bear to disenchant him with his romantic notions touching a seafaring life, but to no purpose. Finally he was committed to the Government as a third-class apprentice boy, United States Navy, Harry was the son of a poor London mechanic, who esteemed it a great privilege fcr bis bay to be in Her Majesty's service, in any capacity. Eioh boy was very clever and mischievous, though Docket, having had better advantages, was tbe better educated. It eo happened that several weeks elapsed before Docket could pay his promised visit to Harry. One Saturday he was in high spirits. He had at last obtained permission to take the dinghy, of which he waB coxswain, snd a crew of boys for the purpose of visiting the Alexandra. Shortly after eight bells, or the hour of noon, they set out out. From the yards of his own little ship, Docket had often looked down in delighted wonder upon the vast decks of the Saltan, the Inflexible, the Invincible, and the Alexandra, anchored near by. Then, it must be confessed, he would experience a feeling of chagrin that a great nation like his own should permit its proud flag to fly over the feeblest navy of the globe. Docket loved a ship almost as he might love a person. Indeed, to him a ship almost seemed to think and feel. Harry happened to be on the lookout from one of the Alexandra's catheads as the dinghy drew near. He had already obtained permission from the officer of the watch for tbe boys to come on board when they should arrive. Presently the dinghy lay quietly, hauled out at tbe Alexandra's boom, and Docket stood in the starboard gangway, staring like a country boy at his first eight of Broadway or of Pennsylvania-avenue. Perhaps there is no better word than immense I if it may be allowed, to express Docket's thoughts as he stood gazing fore and aft along the Alexandra's spar deck. But a sailor boy soon learns better than to etare. In fact, Docket had now seen enough of the world to feel rather above showing Euprise &t; anything; he regarded surprise as an altogether rustic emotion. He therefore quickly recovered himself and fell at onoe into certain sailor ways. Giving his cap a smart tilt and his trousers a spirited hitch, to intimate that be felt perfectly at home on a man-o'-war deck, he started with his custodian to inspect the ship. It was very clear to Docket that the news of his wonderful likeness to Harry had preceded him. Everybody was staring at him, even the officer of the watch. No sooner had he reached the forecastle than the member of the boat's crew who hud first noticed the resemblance, Bung out at the top of his voice —" There's that there Yankee twin of' Arry'f. I never seen a better match a-tween a pair o' donkeys!'' The' men and boys all laughed at this arallel from the animal kingdom, and Elocket didn't altogether relish it. Bat be made up his mind that he would be goodnatured whatever might be said. A great crowd now gathered around him, and if he bad stepped ashore up the Congou, aud had there fallen in with a tribe that had never seen a whito person, he hardly could have been an object of more curious attention. He had come to see the ship, but it was very certain that if he and Harry bad been oa exhibition anywhere within ten miles, tbe whole ship's company would have gone to see them. Finally an old petty officer, evidently thickicg it might be a little tedious for Docket, dispersed the crowd by shouting < ut, "Git out o'here, I tell yer! The laa hain't a 'ose, as is up for sale!" Laft to Harry, Docket began his tour of the fchip. If there was anything between the tr.ighiy steel prow and the powerful twinscrews that be didn't see, it must have been something scarcely worth mentioning. The calibre of each gan, the thickness of the armour-plating, the power of the motive machinery, he took particular pains to learn. With Harry he discusEed the qualities of the Ehip as a fighter; asked if ehe had ever been in action—in Bhort, plied him with all sorts of questions. By the time they had worked around to the main- deck battery he had an excellent idea of the different parts of the fchip, knew Harry's Btations at "fire-qaarters, " great-gun drills," and so on ; and felt that he could almost duplicate Harry ta his duties as well as in his person. "I tell you what, Harry," he exclaimed with enthusiasm, as they stood beside the eighteen-ton gun. to the crew of which Harry belonged, " wouldn't I like to belong to a ehip like this 1" " You'd get sick enough of it before you'd been here a week; we gets harder service than you Yankee sailors." "It would be eaBy enough comiu' if yer wants ter ship," remarked an old quartergunner who was leisurely polishing up the gun. "I didn't mean that I'd like to belong to this ship. You don't suppose that I'd disert, do you ?'' asked Docket,in an injured tone. " When you gits older, you'll take higher views of t&eee; things. I've been in three or four navies myBelf. I used to be first boatswam's-mate aboard the Lancaster." An idea seized Docket. " Why not," be eaid to himself, " have a little fun out of this likeness ? I might be Harry for an hour or two, juet as well as not; and he could be Docket. We could keep our own counsel, and see whether anybody could tell the difference. Besides, I'd juat like to see how it would sesm to be under the British flig." This waB a bold scheme on the part of Maeter Docket. He was sharp enough, too, to appreciate its difficulties. In the first place, could he get Harry to agree to it 1 If Harry agreed to it, then could he walk as Harry did ? If successful in this, could he talk with Harry's accent, if obliged to speak at all? Harry had the cockney habitB of dropping bis h's at the wrong places and putting them ia where they didn't belong, besides speaking ungrammatically. Bat should he succeed in his part, as he felt quite well assured he could, how would it be with flai r.v V If Harry were forced to apeak he cut-ainly would let the cat out of the bag. To tell the truth, Docket thought Harry a little stow, not to eay stupid. What was his surprise, therefore, when Master Harry not only fell in with the plan, but was eager to go further then Docket had dared to imagine P °-"\\! > - le ;.u I)ocketi dldn 't know the depths of mischief that were beneath Harry's innocent exterior. When their plan was perfected, Harry led ,? c ,, t to , a recess in the " starboard shattai'ty, where, unobserved, they exchanged uniforms. Everything came out right bat the tieB, Docket fussed a while before he could arrange Harry's to look properly " American;" and eo did Harry before Docket's ^ would take on an altogether " English" look. Everything arranged, they stood apart and looked each other over. Quite as much surprise was depicted on their countenances as at their first meeting. In truth, they seemed to have gradually dissolved the ono into the other. Holding their faces down, and introducing a heavy roll into their gaits, their started for the berth-deck. A sharp observer would have detected mischief in their eyes, and, in fact, in their whole demeanour; but as nobody suspected what they were up to, they passed along this deck unchallenged. The berth-deck, however, was a little dark; how would it be on the main-deck ? Could they escape detection there, they might go anywhere elee without the slightest hesitancy. Very slowly they mounted the oompanionladder. They stood for a moment by the hatch- coamings, then, not daring to look any one in the face, they began their promenade. The men, however, only stared at them, or remarked with some attempt at hamour on their wonderful likeness. The boys almost laughed outright when one one of Harry's chums slapped Docket on the shoulder aud requested him to aaaiet that evening in getting . a new uniform ready for Sunday morning inspection. The " yeB," which comprised tbe whole of Docket's reply had an accent quite English; but it did not seem to satisfy the other boy, for he gave Docket a quick glanoe and looked bewildered. Before he could say anything farther, Dooket and Harry slipped away. Incredible as it may appear, tney went everywhere about the ship from keelson to maintop, and never an officer, man or boy, was any the wiser concerning the exchange of identities. The hour for Dooket's return to his ship arrived. - Meanwhile Harry had proved a most skilful actor. He now, with the utmost' coolness.submitted a proposition the audacity of which startled Master Dooket. It waa nothing UBB than that they should exchange - ships for the night. He, Harry, would so to Docket's ship in the dinghy, and by book or by crook get baok to the Alexandra early next morning. They would then re-dress, each in bis proper uniform, and Docket conld take his chance on getting back on board his ship in time for inspection. Ordinarily, Docket would not have entertained each a proposition for an Instant. But they had been so successful, and deluding people ia so fascinating (particularly when no great wrong is involved as in this case) that Harry foand it not at all difficult to overcome Docket's scruples. Now the plot had BO thickened that it was no longer feasible for the boys to keep their secret. Summoning the dinghy's crew. Docket at once took them into his confidence, ani Harry did the eame by two English apprentices. The whole party were cautioned to repress every sign of the wonder they might feel at the substitution. With rather stern self-denial, the youthful accomplices succeeded in doing BO. But there was much qai6t fun over the perfect innocence of everybody as to what was going on under their very noBes. This interfered somewhat with the arrangement of details ; but at last, everything being ready, Harry jumped into the dinghy, and Bhe was presently lost behind the wall-like sides of the great ironclads lying between the Alexandra and Docket's ship. (To be continued.) 