Cf.'AM HUMOtJE. jp'iB warranted to gup. any strain?—The bridge of a |u is the vowel " o " the only t'lfiinded ?—Because all the others jiu- iiudible. I Definitions of " Bachelor:" "An Ltared man," " A singular being," |Xtarget for a miss." | ^pawnbroker having joined a tem isce, society, it wasremarked that e need be no fear of bis not keep ing doctor: They don't bleed ije now-a-dayg as they did twenty i ago, do they, professor? Pro t: Not with the lancet. Ificr fob AncrroM-BooM Fee ijiKTBES.—An Auctioneer cannot meet to have his own way. He must tip follow the bidding of another.j I The tenor in a fashionable church! Lir found to his horror that his | Leallat once became unpleasantly i pt He strained it, but without Lgoodeffect. • "Wten I look at the congregation," pi a clergyman, recently, " I ask, j ate the poor'j> '! But when I „j the offertory, in the vestry, I tWhere are the rich?'■ passenger, on board steam And are.you. sure, there is no r,officer? Officer: Not a bit. iptain's jus't gone to take a nap, suae it is too fogg^r to see any - '£; ("Bridget, has Johnny come home L?" " Yes, sorr." " Have you [m him ?" " No, sorr." " Tbeu do you know he's, home.?" j'Csuse the cat's hid in' under the »er, sorr." iDEFfNiTioir.-—Tptn: l eay, G-us, Rvhat coes rara avis * Xou ImArstand French. QpAji^|'/'dig nity: Rara avis is not' It iw ■Italian, and means a1 bird'^affibieutji "Oh, miss," said a swain, if I were but yon bnS'^atar, bow brightly I would . -$w||£t£or you.'" a pity, "that you cau't shiue^mr' He Scene—Anaton#^Mp|g—Professor, skeleton orwrdSB leg; What a skeleton of? Student: A Professor, sharply; Fore oi hind leg ? Student, confused: Eb— ih-aw—bind leg. UoasEaT agent: "Can't I put you in. some trees, Mr. Laiitte? We We some excellent dwarf pears." Kew householder: " Can't sell tne sny! I don't want any hump-backed J fruit on my place." Sandy wag unwilling to commit him self.—" l)o you think I'm a fool, sir?" thundered a fiery Scotch laird to his new footman. " Well, sir," replied the canny Scot, "I'm no lang here, end I dinna ken yet." Judge: Prisoner at the bar, have you anything to say why sentence of, should not be passed upon you? ter: Yes, my'lord. I aui a fflember of the Society for the Aboli tion of Capital Punishment.' Young wife; George, Fth iiot going t» the.theatre again till; high hats g<> °ut of fashion. I always have had the .bad luck to' sit behind one. George: That's just what I heard the inan say who sat behind you last night. .... The late Professor Henry Smith, of Orford, was expatiating oue day to '8 pupils on the beauties of. a.mathe matical discovery; " but the. great beauty of it is, gentlemen," he added, vith humourous enthusiasm,' " that it jamiot possibly be of any use to any body!" Customer, to art dealer *. If that is a genuine Corot, Isaacstein, I don't understand how you can sell it bo cheap. Art dealer, in a confidential whisper: My frent, I vas new in dot pizness, and bought an overstock of dot make, " Mabel," said the young man, in deep, desperate tones, " I love you." " Yes ?" " Tell me, do you think that you could ever love me ?" " I don't know. If you'd Bend Charley Simkins round to give me lessons, I might try." duck, the composer, having one day lost his temper, shouted to biB servant, " This iB really unbearable. Are you mad, or am I ?" " Ob," said the man, humbly, "surely your ei cellency would not keep a servant ' who is mad P" Magistrate: You are charged with stealing chickens, uncle Kastus. Uncle Rastus : Yes, sail; so I under stan's. Magistrate: Have you ever been arrested before ? Uncle East as : Only wonce befo', your bonah. I'se always been very lucky. An advertisement from a Prague newspaper is translated as follows': " A literary lady would like to meet a literary gentleman with a view to matrimony. Prose preferred, as tbe lady is a poetess, and contrasts gener ally harmonise boat—matrimonially." Mrs. Hayseed, in bed room of hotel: Joshua, why, for goodness' sake, don't you put out that Tight, and come to bed ? Mr. Hayseed: Well, hang it all, Maria, that notice says, " Don't blow out the gaBand I'm blowed if I can find auy snuffers! Doctor, passing a stone-cutter'B yard,: Good mo ruing, Mr. Jones. Hard at work, I see. I suppose you finish your gravestones as far as " In Memory of," and then wait for some one to die, eh ? " Why, yes: unless somebody's siclc, and you're doctoring 'em ; then I keep right on." " Youdton't-Jove me now, Tom, as U8ed%0s'$sty d a shrewish wife to sbaad. " When we jjyou often declared f.<tne, you could eat j^dear," was the if1;" and I've been do it." ineer): " I 'b'ti the road is 8 tnis Jh, yes; Probably dozen's ?" Old (with pride) : " Dozens! I'ye run over hundreds.1* An. American Professor, attempt ing to explain to a little girl the man ner in which the lobster casts his shell when be has outgrown it, re marked, " What do you do when you get too big for your clothes ? You throw them aside, don't you ?" " 0, no: we let out the tucks!" Insured.—A prudent West of Eng land Militiaman requested a " passon" never to marry him " to thickee there maid when I be drunk." The reason able demand being cheerfully granted, th,e swain replied, "Thankee, your honour; then I'm all right, for I'll take care you never do when I'm zober." Coloured Pastor (dismissing con gregation) : *' De membahs what am pervided wid umbrellahs will please wait 'till £ take a look at 'em Since de mysterious disappearance of my own unibrellah last Sunday, dar am a cldud ob suspicion floatin' over dis ver church, which hab got to be dis pelled !" Appropriate, but not very enliven ing, or comforting, must have appear ed the toast lately said to have beeu proposed at a banquet given to a writer of comedies, in honour of his latest work. A waggish guest rose to ; his feet and said, " The author's very ; good health. May he live to be as i old as his jokes 1" He: Tell me, do you prefer men of great reputation, or do you rather like the commonplace fellows P She: To speak frankly, I like common place men best, particularly at a party like this; but you must not thmk I said so just for the sake of Baying something complimentary to you 1" Penelon, who often bothered Bieh elieu, for subscriptions to charitable purposes without any success, was one day telling him that he had just seen a capital portrait of him. " And I suppose you would ask it for a sub scription ?" said Richelieu, with a sneer. •' Oh, no; 1 saw there was no chance—it was too like you." Scene—Outside private house in Dublin. " See here, driver—I order ed a smart turn out, to take a drive in Phoenix Park, and you come around in rags, not fit for a begger !" Driver of jaunting oar: 1 know it yer hon our: and Z would like to wear fine clothes, but there's not a tailor in all Dublin can take me measure, I'm that ticklish. Sam Jobnsing: I wants ter ask yer advice about sumfin'- Parson Baxter: What's yer got on yer mind now! Sam: I has bin keepiu' company wid Matildy Snowball for moah den six mumfs, and I wants ter know if yer advises me ter marry her. Par son : Suit yerself about dat. No mat ter what yer does, yer will be sure to hab remorses arterwards dat ye didn't do different. Curran was engaged in a legal ar gument. Behind him stood his col league, a gentleman whose person was remarkably tall and slender, and who had originally intended to take orders. The Judge observed that the case under discussion involved a ques tion of ecclesiastical law. Then, said Curran, I can refer your lordship to a high authority behind me, who was once intended for the Church, though, in my opinion, he was fitter for the steeple. Dr. Abemethy was once called in to attend a man who had had a some what stormy altercation with his bettur half, and found the poor man with his face all bleeding, and mark ed with the points of her linger nails. The worthy doctor could not help re monstrating with the woman upon her conduct. " Madam," he said, "are you not ashaftiad of yourself, treating your husband like this; your husband, who is the head of the house"—the head of all—in fact, your head, ma dam ?" " Well, doctor," fiercely re turned the virago, " and am I not at liberty to scratch my own head ?" Tigers can on occasion climb trees. In Salsette, one climbed after a cer tain Pandoo, but could not reach him, and retired. Pandoo, thinking the coast clear, got do wn, and rail towards home, but on the way was caught by the tiger, and killed. The inquest re port stated " that Pandoo died of the tiger eating him: there was no other cause of death. Nothing was left ex cept some fingers, which probably be longed to the right or left hand." Natives have a belief that the ghosts of the man-eater's victims ride in his head, and warn him of dauger, or point the way to fresh victims. Comparisons abe Odious.—A law suit invoking the right-of-way over an estate was tried some years ago, when two of the oldest men-in the village were called to teslKfy to the existence of the right for a great number of years. The Judge, struck with the well- preserved appearance of these octogenarians, asked of one: "I sup pose you have always been a very re gular, temperate man ?" "Yes, my lord;" was the reply, " I have been a teetotaller all my lifs." "I am pleased to hear it," said the judge. " Aud you," appealing to the other " ancient," " have doubtless led a very exemplary life?" " Middlin', sir, ' he replied, seeming anxious to go - " W hat do I understand by ' middl ing?'" said the legal functionary. " Well, sir, as jou're so particular; I ain't ben to bed sober in twenty year!" , 