The Ghost of Oak Crag. aCt ElTiHEIt 5ESILE KENNETH. The old Meadows otuse. Everyone in Lennox knew wlhere it was. For yt ars only part of it was occupied. The build ing stood upon what was called " O.k Crag." and rose, a great solemn stone building, nearly square, in the full sight of the town. Once it had been a very popular place, as the country seant of the Meadows. 'Parties from the city thronged it all summer. It was known as a popular re sort while old Drake Meadows iveid. but for years it had been nearly' de csrted, and most of the family were dead. The family had rapidly died out. Old Drake Meadows hkst his wife and daugh ter, then parted with this life himself. leaving the property to two sons-one of whom, vyey wealthy, resided in Europe; the other-well, nobody knew exactly where Rick Meadows was or what had become of him. lie used to be known in the old times as the scapegrace son, who was always in dillicu'ty. He had a kind of p,:assionate pride, but no dignity. He was hail fellow well met with everybody,. nud used to go li.hing with the tavern boys, and off oin night expeditions after it bodly knew what. A great trial to his rather tifty proud relations, the towns pieople asserted ; but with them lie was a great favorite. InI spite of his pranks upon their per ions and property, there were generous ways and vwiining tricks about the boy. He could sometimes atone in the most lavish manner for his depredations upon their possessions-bringing back the fruit or chickens or pumpkins he had stolen at ,iight, or if the property was destroyed, more than paying for it out of his pocket money When angered or insulted, lhe would fight like a young demon, and drive everything before hiem. In lris per sonal likings he was- quite as fervid, and "to love and hate like Rick Meadowsra had becomne a proverb in the town. But when the family left the Crag, one :,utumn, and never camne back again, lIck disappeared from their view. He was a lad of eighteen then ; andt, not long af:er news of his father's death came, it was reported that hie had gone into the army. For years and years tile house stood empty. The g-ardel run to waste, the f:eces grew dilapidated, and the "trees -cemed to sigh ill a morlnful stay before the silent door, illt n one day a inessan Ser arrived from tellt city to Say that El ward M1.edows, tile ovwncr, wanted to put ia )eillpant in it who would keep the pIlce in ord r for the rent. Thi iewsseun:med a perf ct gods.end to bl.nur L h:a-. She never thoiight for a lm:i:enot ti,.t tih house was haunted; for the place, like any other deser!ed habitation, lad gathered disagreeable re ports. She only knew that it would be a aome for her brother Westerly and neraelf during Westerly's studies; and iheaccordingly iplplitd for it and obtained it. The brother and sister were. very lifferent. Dearly as E:tma Laniar loved ter brother Westerly Lanmar was t bad, passionate, unscrupulouu fellow. te had inherited cheoleric blood and a ielfish nature from his father. All his liother's noble qualities seemed trans nitted to his sister. Emma was the rider, being twventy-three. Westerly o'as just of :age. Resolute facing of a hard world had tivent Emuia Lamar an air thalt was a ittle grim ; but she had exquisite fea. nstr, and beautiful, dark- blue eyes. She would have been a beauty and a belle if a?e had possessed the tastes and manners of a beau:v a'd a helle; but life was and always hIad been a serious matter with ier." She had seene father and mother lie in lher early youth ; and now 1she lived for Westerly, who was not a very tomforting ol jerc to lire for. Westerly was studying medicine, and 05s, at least, an ambitious student. Of tourse they were poor, but :Emmnas capability kept them always in respect ible appearance. She kept them also ,erfectly independent and out of debt which gave them a strong claim to the re spect of their neighbors. When they went to Oak Crag to live, they had everybody's best wishes. No one was particularly fond of Westerly Lamar, but all wished him well for his sister's sake. Everyone approved of Emma Lamar, the devoted daughter and good sister. The first evening they spent at Oak Crag, both felt a little strangely. :. They occupied the west side.. The remainder of the house was deathly still. That morning they had wandered through it, viewing for the first time the spacious rooms, half stripped of their furnishings, murky and dusty, and smelling of mould. The place was merely'a curiosity to them then; but when darkness closed over it, and "they remenibered what a changed place it was since the days when -the grand old place had been their childhood's awe and admiration;' the n-nighlborhood of those, cold and deso6lite: osi6hs t6 their eveling fire was a littl ;oppragps sive. e S"This is a pokerish `place, after all, Em,"' said' Westerly, after .he had sat silent a while, listening to the moaning of the wind in the chimney, while his sister Emma sat by the hearth, absorbed in her work. She looked up. "But it is going to be so-much better for us, Westerly." "mt will take all my time to look after that old garden." '"?Not more time than you ought to give to exercise after studying so much." "But I want to go into the city some times." And Westerly Lamar rose, strolled to the window, and looked thoughitfully out at the pitch-black night. His sister was silent for a moment,then she said : '"You mustn'l go into the city and leave me alone here, Westerly." "I'dnevr have come here if I had thought of that," exclaimed Westerly Lamar, imlpatie'tly. " Whiat were you thinking of when you made the plan. Eml Did you want to bury us alive 1' " We can't afford to be very gay, 'Westerly." "Afford ! I'll afford a decent life one of these days," muttered the vyong man, .as lie turned again to the windowu, and looked at the city lights. There was a look of peculiar concern upon his sister's face as she went on with her work. She might have been hurt by her brother's ingratitude, or perhaps she was thinking her plan of coiming to Oak Cr.m might he an unfortunate one.' Her expression was very grave, whatever might be its cuse. Westeily finally returned from- the window to his books. As the moments passed, and the clock ticked loudly in the silent room, Emma's head bent louver and lower over her sewing, and at last a tear splashed oin the snowy linen. She hiad tried so hard ton make the place pleasant and homelike to Westerly ! At least it did seem that he was unappreciative. lIc looked up at her suddenly as the clock struck ten. "Em,, you had better go to' lied. "I am going to study till late," lie said. Emma hesitated. "I'm not sleepy. Won't you be lonely here, Westerly ?" "No," he replied. "I can study much better by myself." So, after a little while, Eminma put by her work, bade him good- niight, and went acro-s the hall to hter room. She sighed heavily as she let down her hair before the mirroi; and, as she looked at the reflection of her face, she saw that her cheek was pale, and her eyes mourn ful and steadfast. She went to bed, but did not sleep. She watched the moonlight creep across the floor, and listened to tl.e dismal wail ing of the wind, until the clock struck twelve. Then she rose, wrapped herself front the frosty air, andi stepped across the hall. She opened the sitting room door softly and looked in. The oil had burned out of the lamp, and the wick sputtered feebly. Tie room was unoccupied, and apparently had been for some time, for the fife was out, and the atmosphere was chilly. Emma Lamar went back to her bed, and burying her face in the pillows, sobbed like a child. She realised her dreadful situation. Probably she would be left alone in that desolate place night after nighlt, while her brother was away, Heaven only knew where. ' She had her secret. For the last three ionths her brother had been accustomed secretly to take the night train at eleven o'clock, go into the city, and return to his room at somewhere about four o'clock in tihe mcrnirg. She possessed this knowledge unknown to him. When he would make his appearance at breakfast, it would be with pale cheeks and bloodshot eyes, or sullen and heavy headed with insufficient sleep. With a dread that was almost a surety of evil, she had asked no quest ions. She believed her brother to be weddled to some bhad practice, but she could not tell what. He was easily angered, and she did not dare qurstion him for fear of causing an outbreak which would be no satisfaction. S",; after miost earnest thought, she had come 'to Oak Crag, hoping that the change- of situation and. the demand upon his time and attentioji might alter his habits. She was con vinced that thie plan was unsuccaessful; and-the prospect of being left alone in that gloomy place night after nighlt was appalling. Thie clock struck one. Just then a slight noise startled hlier. She raised her head and listened. It was a step in thd room above. Her heart stoodastill, and then commenced beating so that site was nearly suffocated. Her first thought was to lock the door of her room, She did tlhis.and thencrept beckinti bed and listened. She could distinctly hear some one going about over head, and for a while she was completely abandoned to terror. Then ahe attempied suie solution of the problem. The ohoiuse waKi old,' and the noise might be caused by rats. Dut she could not, in roasoh, entertain this idea more than a minute. The step beeame a regular pacing over hcad. , She was convinced'that somne one beside herself was in the house.- She lay and listened to the sound. Then she thought it miigitt be Westerly; but she know too well that her- lbrothler abhorred those lonely precincts overhead, and would by I no means enter them by night. He was miles ariJ'ay, ad she una alone in what seemed to her great danger. The suite of rooms that the Lamars had taken were on the ground floor. Emma's bedroom window was about three feeu from the garden walk. Through the oak boughs the moonlight flickered on the t floor, and she lay looking at it as sheo listened. Suddenly the sound overhead ceased. Wondering what this might e portend, she listened anxiously; and fearing, possibly, some assault, she re- I membered that her bedroom window was t not fastened, and the room was of easy d access from the ground. Springing up, she was about to slip from the bed and fasten it, when a shadow fell across the I fl or in the patch of flickering moonlight.. She glanced toward the window, and saw. I afacc=-n dreadful, wild; ghastly,. pllid face- with burning eyes that met hers for a moment; than the face disappeared, and Emma Lamnar sank back in a swoon f of terror. When she returned to consciousness, I she heard her brother cough in his room adjoining ; and she knew that he liad re turicd, and'it must-be l n.iirly morning. r Vithha fealing of safety,ishio turned upon fier pillow, and,: resolving tio investigate tlie mystery as day came, fell asleep. : ''"It r,"s late when she awoke, and she sprang frim bed before she remiembered I the events of the night. It seemed like a t dream as she suddenly remnembered what I the last night's experience had been ; and t tile nmore so when she threw open, the I windows and let in the ringing songs of t the birds. At breakfast she told Westerly the c story. le came out of his room sleepy I and sullen ; but when she commenced her narrative he flashed into sudden i anger. . . "I tell you the cursed old place is haunted, Emn," he exclaimed. " Of course it is. There's no other solution for such sights and sounds. I presume old Meadow's ghost haunts it ; and unless you c want such visitors every night' we had t better leave." " If I thought it nothing more real than ghosts, and you were hero, Westerly, I f should not be afraid," replied his sister. "What do you mean by my being here l" he said quickly. "kYou were not here last night, Wes terly," answered Emma, hardly willing to meet his glance of astonishment and anger at her discovery, yet speaking I firmly. Westerly was silent a moment, then said with cool bravado, " I had business in the city. `And I'll tell you what, Em, 1 mauy be away any i night So, if. you don't want to be left alone here with thle ghosts, you'd better find some other abode. For my part, 1 never was in favor of coming her." " Why, what can you want in the city at night, Westerly ?" said Emma, sorrow fully. `'That's my business," replied Westerly, gruffly, bending over his breakfast. Here the conversation dropped, for Emma felt too deeply for words, and Westerly ate Ihis breakfast in silence. During the forenoon they went about their separate occupations ; but in the afternoon Emma came into the sit ting-room where her brother satstudying, and laIing her hand lightly upon his arm, asked, "Westerly, wlll you. go up stairs with me ?" " What for 1" he asked in surprise. " To see if any one is there, or has been there," she said. - For a moment he looked incredulous. Then Ie rose slowly, saying,-. " Why, Em, you must be a fool I How could any one get into those rooms? They are locked in every direction. But I'll go up if you like." They went up-stairs.- The stairs were broad and the steps low. The halls, dusty and sunny, echoed their voices when they spoke; but, though lonely, the place was not in any degree fearful. They unlocked and opened room after room, all of which looked silent and un disturbed. At last they Casne to, the chamber from whence had proceeded the sound of footsteps the previous night. Emma Lulmar's healrt beat hard as she tim locked the door. T.:oy entered. The room was silent, end echoed the creaking door. All was perfectly still and undis turbed. Westerly laughed as his sister looked about the room. "Do you suppose ghosts ' leave any marks to track them by ?' said he. "Come, Em, don't be silly any longer. I tell you no live person could have been in the room last night." "What is this ?" Emma picked up a glove from the floor. Both examined if in surprise. It was a man's buckskin glove, gauntleted, and fastened with a heavy gold buttorin, on which were engraved the initials,"R. M." The glove bore the impress of a shapely hand ; but it was impossible to tell how recently it had been worn, itwas so soiled and stained. " It has probably lain here for years, where some visitor of the old family dropped it," remarked Westerly. " I fandyv it feels slightly damp, Wcs terly,'" said his sister. "Nonsensen It's nothing but the d imspness of the rooin. Thes north-west chambers are full of chills. . Come, throw it down, and let us go down stairs." But Emma kept',the glove," carried it downiistairsý and laid it away. - '.Tlfat niglht W~isterly promised her: that lih iiwould not leave the house, iand the brother and sister retired to their rooms at ten o'ldclk. Suddenly; as the clock struck eleven, a bell rang violently throughl tild hose. 'It was not the hall door bell, but piroceeded froni one of the chambers. Elmnia healicrd liher brother spring out'of bed withl an oath The next moment hlie was at lher ddor, when she met him.i. "For heaven's sake what- is tIhat, Emma 1" hlie exclaimed. " It is the bell of the north-west clim. ber," she replied.' All this time the bell seas ringing. Sud denly it stopped. .: : " What shall we do, Westerly ?"' -. .:' Curse m' if I don't fitnd out what this means !" ecl.iinlied hebrhiother. HIe sprang back: is his roomn, andtb Emma's surprise, returned withl a revol' ".Where did you get that, Westerly I"" 'Never mind. Take that slight ':nd come with me." She was dressed only in slippers and wrapper, and tie air' of tliohe entries was clill ; buta she did not mnimnd.- She fol lowed her brother in his rapid speed up stairs. Stiange to say, his .theory of hosts lhad never made any impression on 'er. She fearedl nothling so vague,. but anticipated som'e strange discovery .of human beiigs where all had seemed deso lalion. The first strange development was that the door of the north-west chamber was h unlocked. It yielded to Westerly's hand, and with an" exclamation of surprise be n entered. d t ta There was no doubt that it was occu- it pied. A faint light glimmered on the a table, and upon a lounge 'lay a man, evi- r denitly in the agonies of death. His face .was deadly pale, and the eyes were rolled up as if he were in convulsions. The t brother and sister stood, by in silent hor- c ror. In ai moment the coivulsed fea- c tures ywere seen to relax, and the breath i stopped. SHio is dead,' raid Westcterly. They brought the "light to the, marble I face.- It was handsome andt haggard. r Westerly uttered an exclamation of sur prise. ":lWhat is it, Westerly ?" s ~' I saw that man:last niht- in the I Wi ere ?" "iIn gaimbling saloon," replied the t youngmsan, excitedly. He forgot at the imoment that lie was I betraying himself. Indeed, Emma La- I mar was too agitated to notice the betrayal beyond the mero words. She looked down at the man, and a look of -weariness and I sorrow;oil the still, pallid face touched her to tears. "Pehaw ! ' What are you crying for?" I exclaimed Westerly. "Hold the lilht-a minute." HBe gave lier the light; then, unfasten- i ing the maci's necktie, and, baring his a breast, made various 'tests of life. The form lay as impassive and cold as I marble. - "He's dead enough,'" said Westerly. I "Whit are weoto do with him ? Shall I call a physician, Westerly ? I am no afraid to go down the hill." - Emma Lamar thoughlt she would prefer I it to remaining with that solemn dead I figure, while her brother wbnt to call help or evidence. But Westerly did not answer. After a few moments he covered the face, and said,- . " Come down stairs now." They went back to the sitting room, put down the light, and looked. at-ccbh other. "'low did he come here, Westerly ?" "'Heaveh only knows; but, Em, I it's the best luck -that ever happened to ino 1" " How ?" ".Ishall use him for a subject if notih- I ing happens to prevent-that is, if I see I no chance of detection. Prof. Gardner will pay me one hundred pound:, and ask no questions." " Good heavens! Westerly, I beg of you-" i "Pshaw! Hush, will you! There's nothing to prevent. I've made up nmy I mind. And there's the body-a splendid a case. You noticed his dress, did you I not?" 1 "No." -"Army-major's oulfit, I think. Ile's a foreigner ; I noticed lis accent last night. lie won mynmoney like the devil. Holl he happened to be in this house is the mystery." " What killed'himn °" " Late hours and liquor, perhaps. Pos siblyhe took a quiet dose of somnethihg to get himself out.of the hands of tlie law. I 11e was a desperate looking fellow when t there was life in his face." " Oh, Westerly, where have you learned about these things? You have changed so much in a year 1' "Go to bed, Em; don't preach I" "What are you going to do ?" "I am going up-stairs again." t' Westerly, I pray you do nothing with that mani's body to-night." I"I'll do whalt 1 please, Eum. You had better go to bed." "sBut, Westerly, the danger of-" 1" 1 will. manage my alltirs. Go to bed." He took another iight and went to his rooms. His sister knew that he had gone for his surgical case. Trembling with cold and excitement, and trying vainly to collect her faculties that she might think calidly; she retreated to lierroom, and lay down, half sick with the workings of fear and anxiety. She heard herbrotihergo up. stairs. The thought of his work made her faint. She prayed-that something might happen to prevent. Just then she heard him returning. " " Westerly I" she called. lie came to the door. "Listen to ineca moment, .Westerly. Suppose that man should be tracked here, and found mutilated, what is to save you from the accusation of mur tier 1' ' "No fear of that. The family burying ground of the Mendows will have one more occupant beforo-morning. I shall have quite done with hism in an hour." ' " "Oh, .Westerley, you don't realise what a desperate thing you are doingl" "Don't I? A hundred pounds is worth a little desperation.. Go to sleep, sis." He shut the dooir and -went up-stairs. Esmma buried hdt face in the pillow, and wept in an iagony' of despair. Not only wai her.brother's work revolting to her, but'she realised how iimminent was the feril. Westerly' seemed determined to bring certain destruction upon them; But suddenly-: she hieard, him come leapiing down :the stairs. He burst itiio iher room. ' 1.. hon ao's n: . e! "Gonii " ' Yes.: I believe' he :was tlhe dvil.i HIow could lihe take liimiselt offl when lhe was deiad ?" SArid Westerly Lanmar, a moment before so cool, lehined agniPst: the- door, and cciped thu perep rptlon of evxcitmiient frmni his forehead;. -- ??" : ":: How did he 'g, ?esterly l "? - ''I dulu't know I maoid a slight cut in tlihe brbst'aud theic cenie dolwli forsi?y othiler iustrnudntls. i hlin I ?ienht bick. lie wasgone ''Were the wintlows aud doora opti "' ': The douir 'ss.ajar.just as 1 left it. The'windows were shut." :::. ;",Westerly; I Iin so glad i".' - * "Of whiat I" rfTlihst'ou did him no I?nrm ." - : I"Fool a climed Westerly in a iiod dei?in . 'r What ?t arnim coul I poasibly do the man if lieh were dead ?" S o' t he 'w?.sn't lead." " I tell you he was as dead as a postl"' Westerly went back to the sitting room.: _It was nearly daybreak, and he made a fire: He sat over it moodily wihenEinma came out. Then he rose suddenly, and I.In a few moments he came down with something in hisl hand. " What is that, Westerly ? t "Nothing but that glove,"- he said, as he tossed it down. - " But I put:that "glove away. This must be the mate." It was so. The bctttns bore the same initials. Emma took them in charge as 'a clue to tl ?'atrang ,cpisod.o of :i:e Thatt ' dy' it, wras lecided tl :t :they should leave thi Ihouse. "'i bore a hlorror to Emma L:manr;' aid, since hler planu in coming there was not likely to ?rove' a:c cessful, it was not worth while to remain in so disagrceablo a place. They w;uld go back.to the little cottage they .had rented forithe last three years, an-i live as best they mniiht. At least she would hbe near to neighbors there, when' left alone at inight. Site had neter before in her life been so unhappy, and she could not keep back herotehrs .assh : prepared.itfor their re* moeval, •Beside hler disappoiiitmont itnd soriow, she was wearied and nervous from the effects of the night's excitement, and atlast, during her brother's absence, she flung ierself ddrwn upon her bed and cried like a child. --The poor girl felt tired be yonudher strength. At twilight she arose and went into the garden, hoping thit her 'aching 'head would be relieved by the clear, frosty air:. Besides she could not but acknowledge to herself- a dislike to stay i:i the house alone. Westerly had promised roereturn at six o'clock, and she stood on the hill watching the road, when she saw a dark spot upon the gravel walk at her feet. A second glance assured her that it was blood, and her heart leaped up in horror. Gazing in a kind of fascination at the ground, she saw anotherand another dull red spot, and still drops beyond. Step ping forward she followed the imiarks to a little summer-house in an oak coppice, and there upon the seat lay extended the figure of a main. , (Concludedl in otur nexrt;) 