LOUDON TABLE TALK, [From our Special Correspondent,] London, Aorll 20.1889. Straws show which way the wind blows* Twelve months ago what an outcry .there would have been had the Prince of Wales held any communication with Mr. Parneil Aacuoiu Yet now lb seems quite the right aucl proper thing for his Royal Highness to $slc for an introduction to the Irish chief. Very little doubt prevails relative to the verdict of the commission judges. Sic jJames Hannen threw out a tolerably (broad hint when at the olose of Sic Charles's thrilling peroration last Friday ha ejaculated audibly to Brother Day-r-u A, great speech, and worthy .of a great occa sion," a compliment that was at once passed on in a little -note to Sir Charles. The ap pearance of Mr. Parnell in the witness-' box may possibly rearopse a little interest in the proceedings, though Sir Richard WebBter will scarcely dare to handle hlos in cross- examination at all offensively. It }s not, I fancy, generally known that the late Lprd Ely was several years ago an aspirant for Princess Beatrice's hand. His mother has alwayB been the Qaeen's dearest friend and confidante, and the young marquis saw muoh of the princess ;at the time. The match was pronounced out of the question for many reasons, (but Lord Ely remained faithful to the princess, and never (evert after she espoused the Batten berg) proposed marrying. His lordship left orders that his remains should be cre mated, and the Incineration was, not without some difficulty, duly carried out at Woking on Saturday last. Lord Au gustus Loftus could not .be present, but his son Captain Loftus represented him* and the brothers of the new peer were of course in attendance. The drawbacks tor jthe cremation process in England appeal! to be precisely those I noticed at Milan. At 3 p.m.) after the burial service (all save the portion usually read by the. grave) had been performed in an adjacent .church the mourners adjourned to the cremato rium, and the corpse having been reve rently withdrawn from the coffin was laid |on an iron car. The door of the barning :fiery furnace then opened, and the.clergy man ejaculating."dust to dust, ashes tor •ashes," the car with its human freight ran. quickly in. The mourners thenad journed to the cemetery to wait about for a couple of hours whilst the incineration proceeded.' One can easily guess how a lively imagina tion would run riot under such painfaf •circumBtanceB, and whether, assuming tha (frizzling deceased to be a relative of one's •own, those two hours would pass very •pleasantly. At about 5 o'clock Lord Ely's .cremation waB announced Ito be complete,,. ■the fires were let out, and his lordship's lashes collected and placed in a Doultoa jar, which the executors took back to towii with them. Both the Emperor and Empress oE .Austria have, I understand, suffered very seriously from the shock and disgrace o£ the Crown Prince's sad end. The case o£ the EmpresB is the worst, as symptoms o£ mental disease manifested themselves soon: afterwards, and now her Majesty's de lusions are bo numerous and recurrent .that j.t 1b seriously feared she will pre sently become permanently Insane. Tha Emperor's mind is all right, but he has ceased to take any Interest in affairs o£ State, and political troubles .and intrigues are multiplying. The question "What Is eloquence?" which has been pretty frequently dis cussed sipce Jno. Bright's death, seems to me, appositely .answered in the follow Ing lines, which are part of a sonnet on the " Great Tribune," by E H.B. (E, H. Bourdillon):— For thine w»b the deep eloquence of soul, .Which, like the Bteed owning one kingly handj. Obedient to its master's Bole command, Held the mtite spell bound gazers at control With that swift fusion of the heart and mind Parental of those thoughts which shake man kind. Mrs. Blair having achieved her object and become Duchess of Sutherland naturally doesn't see the force of vege tating in Florida all her days, and has already persuaded the reluctant duke to return to England and the bosom of his family. The happy pair are In fact even now on their way home. Society la naturally intensely curious to know tha line which Lord and Lady Stafford, Lord and Lady Cromartie, and the Leveson Gowera generally mean to take up with. regard to the new duchess. -Recognition and avoidance seem almost equally impos sible. A great deal that Is both untrue and unkind has been written about Captain Goldsmith Hnnt, the unfortunate man' who, in a fit of ungovernable rage, first of all shot Ms paramour and then commits ted suicide in a house at St. Pancras last week. Ab usual in Buch caaeB the sym pathy has been entirely with the " poor victim." In this case a Miss Marie de Braham (or Emily Greene, as Bhe was really called) and Hnnt is accused of every sort of villany. The girl was a chorlBter at the Avenue Theatre for a long time, and well known aboub town. Vain, greedy, and Bhallow, she had all the faults of her class, and few vlrtueB. To make men jealous and' set them at one another was her prime amusement. Poor Hnnt more par- ' ticularly she delighted in rousing. He Was a big, boyish, hairy man, with a jolly. laugh and Bohemian manners. He was honestly fond of the girl, and her "goings on" with other men made him frantlo. with jealonsy. When the final catas trophe occurred she had come back to liver with Hunt, bub could nob forbear taunt-. ing him with reminiscences of recent amouiB. Hunt, who was always declaring when enraged that he should shoot hen and Mmself too, appears to have carried out his threat on this occasion. A significant feature of the St. Pancrasr tragedy was to my mind the light In which the murdered girl's family looked upon her moral character and irregular mode of life. A brother, who gave evidence at the inquest, spoke of his sister as a per fectly quiet, good-natured, respectable girl, and then went on to say quite pro saicly that she had an allowance of £150 a year from a gentleman, whose mistress she had been, bnt who had now married and settled down. Besides, he added, Marie had plenty of " friends" who kept; her well supplied with money; in fact* she might and could .have lived happily and comfortably but for her fatal " spooni ness" for Captain* Hunt. The brother's feeling agalnBt Hunt was one of hob, anger, not because the guardsman ill-used his sister, bnt because the captain (despite his frantic jealousy) allowed Marie to ob tain money from other men to minister to ' his necessities. That, Marie's brother could Bee, was blackguardly. What he couldn't or wouldn't see was that there had been anything irregular or calling for his Interference In his sister's' mode of life. An amuBlng story, writes a London correspondent of the Leeds Mercury, Is going about as to how a very young gen tleman received by mistake ah Invitation to a royal dinner party. He was as-' toniBbed at the " command," but did nob jump to the conclusion that it might have been intended for bis more mature and more sporting namesake. On reaching the house the royal host, while not in the leaBt recognising his beardless guest, re ceived him on the strength of his name with the ufcmoBt urbanity; and It was only when, after waiting a while for tha real " Simon pure," that his Eoyal High ness guessed what had ocourred, and that; the card of invitation had been lefb by his equerry at the wrong address. Ha was consequently all the more careful hob to allow his young guest to arrive at a similar solution, and therefore paid him every attention, and allowed Mm to leave without once hinting at the .mistake which had been made. At the. present, moment he is said to be the only map'in. London who !b not aware that he was an " unexpected gueab" sb the royal dinner party. This being PasBion. Week moBfcofthe first-class theatres are closed. Irving set the example in 1884, and now more houses seem to follow suit every year. The failure of "The Panel Picture" {the mounting of which cost £2,000) at the Opera Oomlque was so complete thab Mrs. Beringer had to take it off at once, and now plays "Little Lord Fauntleroy " In the evenings. As usual when there is a total collapse of this sort the company ex pected a great succeBB. The Garrick premiere next Wednesday will be a greab occasion. The company is a very strong one, including Mr. Forbes Robertson, Mr. Cathcarb, Mr. Sydney Brough, and of course Mr. Hare himself, also Mrs. Bernard Beere, MIsb Kate Rorke, Miss Olga Nethereole, Miss Blanche- Hoy lock, and Mrs. Garbon Murray. Pinero's new drama, "The Profli gate," alone forms the bill-of-fare, a song which will be sung hi the Becond act being composed, we are informed, by Sir A. Sullivan. " Buffalo Bill" has at length come to <-an arrangement with the Paris muniolpal authorities, and obtained a suitable site for the erection of the " Wild Wild West" show. It will be much larger and smarter in every way than it was in London, and should draw "tout Paris." The success of Burnand and Solomon'3 cantata "Pickwick" has induced Solomon to try his hand at a musical version of the "Area Belle," aptly re-named "Hob Coppers," which will presently be pro-? duced at the Comedy Theatre; Signs are nob wanting thab the popu larity of Mr. Rider Haggard is on the wane. Tillotsons were far from satisfied with "ColonelQuaritch, Y.C ," and now I hear that the Illustrated London News people are grumbling a good bit over " Cleopatra." They paid the young man £2,000 for the serial rights only, and they say it has not raised the paper's circula tion 10 copies; in fact Besant'a " For Faith and Freedom," which preceded " Cleopatra," was probably better liked. I notice too that a small set of first editions of Haggard's books which a well known secondhand bookseller has been trying to get rid of for the past 12 months won't sell, though the enterprising trades man now catalogues them at half the price he asked last year. On the other hand, howeA er, it is fair to say great accounts are goiDg the rounds of Mr. Haggard's new Icelandic romance. " Dear Andrew with the brindled locks" (as Stevenson calls Lang) swears the story is the fineBt thing Haggard has done, and the Savile Club, are all expectation. I learn from the same quarter the scene of our author's next novel will be laid in Assyria, and that he means to get. the greater part of it up on the spot. The new number of the Universal S.vkto issued last Monday contains two Interesting memorial articles on "John Bright" by the great Tribune's stauch comrade, the venerable Chas. Pellmui Villiers, and by Professor Thorold Rogers. The former's contribution should not bo missed. Forthcoming works of interest include a new theosophisb novel by Marie Coralli, -author of "A Romance of Two Worlds;" " Diana Wentworth," by Caroline Fothor gill; and "A "Window in Thrums," by J. M. Barrle, whose admirable tale of "journalistic life in London, " When a Man's Single," I cannot too forcibly com mend to youngsters with literary aspira tions. Poor "Robert Elsmere" has been preached upon, lectured at, and criticised .to death. Now I see he la being used in the States to push tea, patent medicines, and " shoddy " generally. At the great store in Chicago, for example, "every purchaser of five pounds of prime tea at half a dollar per lb. will be presented with a handsomely bound copy of either that immortal work •'Robert Elsmere,' or of Mrs. Elizabeth Shaudon's thrilling ghost story, * Imogene's Shade, or Murder Will Out."' In his new . Btory, " Greifenatein" .(which McMillans have included iu their •Colonial Library), Mr. Marlon Crawford abandons Italy for Germany, and draws for us an admirable picture of the Teutonic aristocrat, full of pluck, pride, and preju dice. The sceneB at Heidelberg (or is it Bonn ?), and the vivid descriptions of the Korps carousals aud duels, are excellently done and perfectly true to life, In fact this Is the beBt part of the book. The story Itself Is a terribly gloomy one, and the cul minating tragedy (which it would be uu ..fair to intending readers to hint at) over strained. Nevertheless "Greifenstein" will distinctly repay perusal. The Duchess of Cambridge has left her \- favorite friend and musico, Signor Tosbi, an .annuity of £500 a year. 