Why She Married Him. 'So yon won't have me, Nellie? You are sure you won't marry me ?' Pretty little Mrs. Nellie Willard looked meditatively | out of the window into the quiet village street, as if among the leafless trees and on the frost-bound land scape she could find the answer to Horace Levison's question. ' Then, after a moment, she turned her face towards him— a face as fresh and fair in its peachv bloom as many a young girl's ten years her junior. ' I— 1 am afraid I can't, Mr. Levison.' 'You are 'afraid' you can't, Mrs. Willard? Answer me another question, yes or no— do vou love me ?' ' Why, Mr. Levison, I mean Harry, of course I lo— like you ! I always did, ever since I first knew vou, years and years ago.' ' When Wilson Willard won the prize all we fel lows were striving for 1 So you liked nie then, Nellie, 1 and you like me now? Then why won't you marrv I me ? You've been a widow for three years now. I6n**t a that long enough to mourn the virtues of the depar- 1 ted?' r j 'You wicked maul As if three hundred years j could ever teach me to forget poor, dear Willard.' Her bright eyes reproved him sharply and he accepted with good'grace. ' Granting the truth, Nellie, that your deceased hus band was a good fellow and a loving partner, I still cannot see why you refuse me. That is the subject under consideration at present, Nellie. Why won't ' you .marry me ?' ' Because, Hany, because Wilson Willard made me promise never to marry again.' ' Stuff and nonsense. What if he did ? A bad pro mise is better broken than kept.' 1 Mr?. Willard twisted her ring uneasily. j ' I know it is,' she said, slowly; 14 but ? ' I 'Yes; 'but' what, Nellie? In allrespect I say ] it — poor W ill is dead and gone, and you've been true ! , _ ..... J to his memory all these long years, and what has he to do with you now r' 'I know,' she said again, meditatively; 'but — but, Harry, he made me solemnly promise never to marry again under penalty of his everlasting displea sure. And — don't be angry with me, Harry, will you 'i Hut I almpst know he would appear to me.' The lovely blue eyes were lifted in such piteous ap peal to his, and the pretty little widow made such a nervous little nestling nearer fo him that it was the most human thing in the world for Mr. Levison to put his arm protectingly round her. ' So you believe he* would haunt you, Nellie, if you broke your promise ! A sensible little woman like you to veritably believe in such superstitious folde rol ! And after having waited for you ten years of your married life and three years of your widowhood you condnmn me to hopelessness for the sake of such a chimera— for the sake of such a shadow as your hus band's #host.' And Nellie looked imploringly at him again, and her lips quivered and the tears stood in great crystals on her long lashes. ' Oh, Harry, how cruel you are. You know I love you better than all the world, only — I dare not marry again. Don't be angry— please don't be angry with me.' And Mr. Levison looked down at her lovely face and assured her he could never be anprv with her, and then went away, heaping silent malediction on the head of the defunct husband who had been tyrant enough lo burden his lovely young wife with such a promise. The last sunset rays were flinging their golden and scarlet pennons on the pale, blue-gray sky when Mr. Levison opened Ihe door of his cosy sitting-room at home, to be met by the laughing face and gay welcome of a young gentleman, who had evidently been making himself at home while he waited. ' Reigho, Levison ' Surprised to see me 'r How are you, old fellow — how are you?' 'Fred Willard? Where, in the name of goodness, did you spring from P Why, I thought you were not to sail from India for a good six months yet. I'm glad to see you, although for the instant I confess I was startled ; you are the living image of your brother 'Wil- son. We've been discussing ghosts, you know.' Young Willard's eyes gleamed mischievously as he interrupted irreverently — ''We 's good, Lev. You mean my pretty little sister-in-law, of course ? I know she religiously believes in 'em. I know I am impatient to see her — for the first time since Will's funeral.' Mr. Levison laid his hand persuasively on Fred's shoulder. 'See here, Fred; you are a friend of mine, and I am about to put your friendship to the test. I want you to do me a favour, will you r' ' ' Will I ? Of course I will. What's up r' And Mr. Levison turned the key of the door, and the consultation lasted until the housekeeper rang the dinner bell. Five hours latter the moon was just creeping over the tops of the trees, and Mrs. Willard was standing at the garden door on her return from a tour of in spection to the snug little carriage-house, which she had personally seen secure for the night ever since her hus band's death. With a little involuntary exclamation at the per fect beauty of the night, she went in, locked the door after her, for her three servants were all retired for the night, and then gave a little shriek, for, standing in the self-same accustomed place he was wont to occupy, and looking as natural as if it were himself in the flesh, was her husband. She stifled her shriek, and tried bravely to feel brave, but her heart throbbed wildly as she realised that she was looking upon a bona-fide ghost— a veritable inha bitant of the land of eternal shadows. ' Will,' she said, faintly, with her hand tight on the handle of the door. ' Will, is it you *r' His voice was precisely as it had been in the old days. ' Who should it be but I, Nellie, and come on pur pose to communicate with you.' 'Yes,' she gasped; ' but what for ? I have tried — I have done everything that I thought you would wish. There is nothing wrong, Will V' The low, familiar voice almost paralysed Nellie, and yet, aided by the very material contact of the door knob, she stood her ground and listened. ' Nothing is wrong with you, Nellie, but with me. I can't rest in my grave knowing the wrong I uninten tionally committed in binding you to perpetual widow hood for my sake. I come to revoke' my decision, to give you my full permission to marry again, and my advice is to marry Harry Levison. Promise me you will do it, and I shall rest peacefully for ever.' ' Oh, Will ! If you 6ay so— if you think it best — yes, yes, 1 will.'' Her face was pale enough now to have passed for a ghost herself. ' Go and look at the clock in the dining-room, Nellie, and see if it is near the stroke of 12.' She went dumbly, mechanically, at his behest, and when she came back he was gone, and the moonlight streamed in on an empty room. Then the reaction followed, and Nellie flew up to her bedroom and locked the door, and covered her head with a shawl, and sobbed and cried hysterically until her overwrought nerves found relief in sleep. The next day Mr. Levison sent a little note over, apologising for his seeming discourtesy in not coming to bid her good-bye on his sudden departure for an inde finite time, and telling her that her cruel decision never to marry again had been the cause of it. To which Nellie, all pale, alarmed and crimson with confusion, penned an answer, assuring him that she had changed her mind and begging him to come over to lunch, to see her and meet her brother-in-law. Of course Mr. Levison came, and it did not take two minutes to settle it, nor did he laugh at her when she solemnly related her experience of the night before. ' For it was his ghost. Harry, just as true as I am alive and speaking to you !' 'A jolly old — 1 mean a thoughtful, painstaking spirit, Nellie. Bless his ghostship, we'll hold him iu I eternal remembrance.' Nor did his countenance change a feature, even when j he, _ Nellie, and Fred Willard discussed tbe marvellously j obliging kindness of the departed. N or did pretty, blooming, blushing Mrs. Nellie ever ? for a moment dream that her visitant was Fred him self, assisted by a wig and false whiskers. Nor was there any reason she should know, for her happiness was secured and her conscience at ease. — Exchange. 