THE ART OF MAKING UP. (Daily News.) The face of the actor is his fortune, and it is also his material. According to the author of " A Few Words upon the Art of Making Up," modern acting should be very superior to that of Shakspeare's lime, or of Moliere's, while Roscius and Sophocles were antiquated "sticks." "The countenances the actor's canvas, as it were, on which, with the aid of false hair, he paints his characters." Something more than false hair, to be sure, is needed to make a very eminent actor, but no doubt false hair goes a long way. " In the olden time, whenever that may have been, " actors had not the assistance in the art of making up which they have now, consequently the imagination of the audience was compelled to be of a very elastic nature." Perhaps this was all the better for the audience. Now they need have no imagination at all. The art of imagining is done for them, with scenery and false hair. In Shakspeare's age, or in that of aEschylus, the audience had to imagine a great deal, Indeed, when " making up" consisted merely in putting on one mask for tragedy, and another for comedy, the audience must have exercised an imagination which we can scarcely estimate. When Jocasta had to wear the same fixed scowl, whether the messenger announced a favourable oracle, or whether, on the other hand, she learned that she had married her son, who had killed her husband, the spectators must have made believe very much indeed. All that is changed, and probably even Shakspeare was a acquainted with the properties of a burnt cork and a rouge-pot. Hamlet, when he saw the Ghost, may not have had the art of M. Coquc Liu, who, in "Les Surprises du Divorce," managed to turn pale at a moment's notice when he saw his mother-in-law. Our author on making up censures " the olden time," when " densely black scales were supposed to represent wrinkles," and clumps of crape hair," expressed the finest shades of emotion. But now, now we have "grease paints and cosmetics pencils," so the stage flourishes rarely. Some valuable advertisements cast light on the mysteries of the actor's toilette, and may satisfy the curiosity of those who never were behind the scenes, and who now, put halo, may not be anxious to go there. Wigs are very important indeed in the creation of character. The wing of Richard III., which Garrick never knew, is " dark brown," and costs 15s., which really seems reasonable. Hamlet is brown, but not quite so brown, and is of equal price. To some minds Hamlet should either be historically blonde, " every inch a Norseman," like a contemporary novelist ; or black, so beau tenderers. History says fair, tradition says black, but the wing of the Prince of Denmark is brown. He may be purchased light, however, by sticklers for archaeological accuracy, and then he is quoted at £1. The colour of the wig worn by Mr. Wopsle, in a rendering which was " massive and concrete," is not described by the historian. He only says, " I could have wished that his curls and forehead had been more probable." It is certain that the extra 5s. was a matter of moment to Mr. Wopsle, because his dresser said to him, " Skin the stockings oil', or you'll bust them. Best them, and you bust five and thirty shillings." Borneo's wig is rated at 20s., but the pro- fligate Rochester cannot be created with false hair under £1 10s. Charles 11 is equally expensive, but the head which fell at Whitehall comes only to £1, as far as wigs go. Rip Van Winkles hair grew so much between the acts that his second wig costs was. more than his first, How few of the gallant wearers of this gear could prove that wig is the same word as perruque ! Yet so it is, according to philo- logists. Wigs grow cheaper as we descend the course of time, and Charles Surface is much less expensive than Macduff, who in his Fifeshire retreats probably let his hair grow. Indeed, hair dressers are still a little scarce in the kingdom of Fife. Mr. Pickwick is only 10s. 6d. Ladies' wigs are a delicate topic. Mrs. Candour is a guinea, Marie Antoinette runs to two guineas. Marguerite, of course, is very exorbitant. The fair victim of Faust and Mephistopheles would be unrecognisable if she had not two long pigtails like a blonde Miss Kenwigs, like Morfina. You may go as high as it if you wish to do Marguerite conscientiously. " Present fashion, fringe on top, and knob at back, is ridiculously reasonable at 25s. But Clarice, as worn by Miss Mary An- derson" (what Had revelations are these !) will cost a lady three guineas. Lady Teazle, as worn by Mrs. Bancroft," is equally expensive ; but Galatea (white) is but £2 2s. " Beards, very superior," cost but a poor half-crown. The chronicler blushes as he comes to toilet requisites, Women may use termed for the lips, and " two puffs " and eyebrow pencil, but it is disconcerting to learn that these cost but half-a-crown, with a few other features thrown in. Well may the poet of Making Up sings Believe us, if all those endearing young charms, Which we purchase no cheaply to-day, hind hoof reckoned in Lnts's or'Tliuis's arms, When these ladies who ancient and gray ; They had still been the toasts of the army and court, When their beauty was wasted and old, And the price had been reckoned exceedingly short At a thousand of talents in gold ! When blossom of roses can be purchased for 11d. the spectators need no elastic imagi- nation." Hebe herself is before them. Lining brushes, Lemon Chrome and Mas care (perhaps for acting Mascarilla in) are within the reach of the slenderest purse. The nose and cheeks may be enlarged with pink wool, if anyone thinks that desirable, for 3d. Persons about to travel in the Apache country can procure " scalp cement for attaching scalps to the head " for 4d. a Conceive the amazement of the poor Indian whose untutored mind is suddenly confronted by a captive in possession of scalp cement 1 Moonlight, in the time of Snug the Joiner, could not, as now, be purchased for Is. in tho shape of magnesium tableau lights. And yet science is called the enemy of poetry ! If inexpensive accessories and costume at reasonable rates, and pink wool, and false hair, and nose paste could make actors, and perhaps they can, what a dramatic school modern Britain should possess. Indeed, we might each of us be the Proteus of private life, if we only attended to the great art of " making up." We might have by us the materials for composing every sort of face, for every emergency, and politicians might keep their countenances on all occasions by the aid of some modified kind of scalp cement. Indeed, some such application of the art appears to be in the mind of the advertiser, for he is ready to vend moustaches on hair-net foundation, the very best made perfectly natural, suitable for detective business, two and-six." 