TOPICS OF THE WEEK. A catechism for the use of members of Parliament suggests iteeii as a means of doing away with debates on tariff proposals. These debates are already pretty short, bat discussion might be got rid of altogether, as we have now reached the happy stage when arguments are no longer necessary. What is protection? Patting on any daty any one living in town likes to ask for. What is protection as applied to the country dis tricts? Patting on insignificant duties which in two or three years will nullify themselves. What is protection for the towns? Patting on etiii duties, and any number of them, which will so reduce the cost of manufacture and lower prices that at intervals of three, five, or ten years, the rates will have to be increased, stop ping only when we arrive at prohibition. What is a sufficient argument in favour of s protective duty for the town ? That it will have the effect of making the article easier to bur by cheapening its price. Why should the doty be increased from 10 to 20, then 2-5, next to35, amiiiext to50percent.,and so on ? Because the higher the duty the cheaper the article becomes. How do you prove this ? By asser ting it with a loud voice, and bellowing down any one who contradicts you. What is the effect of a duty ior the benefit of the country—say. a live-stock tax ? To raise the price of stock. Why does it raise the price? Because the colony does not at present produce stock enough to supply the wants of the townspeople. Why would not a nmilar duty raise the price of portable engines, which the colony does not at pre sent manufacture in numbers sufficient to supply the wants of the farmers ? Because we say it does not, and call everybody who says the contrary an enemy of the people. Where is the farmer to get the extra £60 he will have to pay on portable engines, seeing that at present he can hardly make both ends meet? Out of the duty on eggs and oats. k catechism like the above would facilitate tariff improvements, make keeping in office easier for the Ministry, abolish ail charges of inconsistency, and exempt a large number of members from the pain of having to con vince unbelievers who hare too good grounds for doubting their sincerity. There has never been such a dressing-up of the tariff since this colon y went in for J protection as has taken place during the | present memorable session of 1SS9. To call i it tariff revision is to misuse the Queen's j English—the revision has practically been confined to piling on the agony. The de- i morelisatkm of the Assembly has been ] hastened by the action oi the Government in | putting it in the power of any and every' member to first propose and then bar cam with other members to increase duties. The Assembly is not supposed to have the right to initiate taxation; it can only pass duties recommended by message from the Governor, but tbe conBtiintional difficulty has been overcome by debating the tariff in committee f tbe whole instead of in committee of ways mid means, and every member plays the role of Commissioner of Customs. A final arrange ment was understood to have been come to with regard to the woollen duties two years ago, when tbey were raised to 25 per cent, but an unholy compact has been made between die members for Ballarat and Geelong on the one hand, and the "country party" on the other by which maize, oats, hops woollen goods, and lager beer were treated as one line of manufactures. When will tbe j pilingqpcease? The woollens of Victoria! carried off tbe gold medal at the C-entennia, Exhibition, and yet, as pointed ont by tbe Premier, the people of Ballarat won't patronise their own mills. The mill-owners oretend that they are bound hand and foot to wholesale firms in Melbourne, who will not iet ibem sell to tbe load shopmen. This won't da Protection is a farce if it "mm encou raging the malting of goods which the people living round about the nulla won't or can't bur. Every draper's shop in Christchurcb, New Zealand, haa the placards of the Kaiapoi | millB in its windows; no Ballarat shops dare advertise Ballarat tweeds for purchase by Ballarat residents. The situation is ridi culous An Immense voinme of water has been Bowing down tbe Murray daring the last fortnight, flooding the level country, destroy ing crops, drowning flocks, driving families from their homes, stopping traffic in the riverside towns, and causing probably in the aggregate as great loss to private individuals as has arisen to the principal sufferers by the great fire in Collins-street. Tbe privations which have fallen npon people scattered over districts from 60 to 100 miles wide not being dramatic or immense in particular instances, have escaped public notice, and will soon slip out of memory. Such a calamity ought to lead to action. The residents of some places, in their haste to find a cause for an event that is not unprecedented, have fixed their eyes on the irrigation dams, which tbey a aspect of having heightened the floods. It ia forgotten that the flood of 1870, when there were no irrigation schemes, and when there was much less settlement along the Gonlbonrn and Murray, rose to a greater height. Consequently, the cause must have existed before Mr. Deakin went to America to study the art of watering rainless country. If a moderate percentage of this mischief producing overflow could have been etored for use against the next dry season, it would have added millions to the wealth of the country. But the present object everywhere is to get rid of it quickly as an unwelcome ! guest, so that streets may again become dry j land and houses become habitable. More 1 water has been going down the Murray in a tew days than could be taken from it for irrigation during 12 months; and yet at tliia very moment we have the New South Wales Premier breathing out threatenings from the northern bank of the Murray against the Cbatteys ana otner enterprising cultivators who are making the dry places blossom like the rose. These great inunda tions mock at the statesmen protesting that if too many bucketfuis are removed the stream will run dry. Under joint manage ment a practicable scheme for saving the surplus waters which come down every year ought not to be unattainable. Dr. Moor house objected to praying for rain, because when rain falls in plenty we let it run to the sea with criminal negligence. The present tioods would bare provided the devout bishop, if he had remained in the colony, with an emphatic text Yet in a little while it is probable that trains will be carrying water to the residents of the plains; and we shall at the same time hear it reported that water-holes are drying up and 6tock are famishing. It is quite on the cards that the flood of the spring of 1SS9 may reduce half the irrigation trusts to a state of paralysis, J because people will not see the good of pro | riding against drought after such a 6plendid | soaking. The rules of the Supreme Court with re spect to the admission of barristers {are no meant to be interpreted according to the vul gar ruies of common sense. There is a J higher sense than common sense, only to be I found by minds practised in legal and verbal 1 subtleties. This has been demonstrated by the decision which has been given in regard to the application of Mr. Thomas, which was opposed on behalf of the Victorian bar on Monday. To be qualified for the bar, the candidate must either pass certain examina tions in law or produce a certificate that he has obtained the LL.B. degree at the Mel bourne University or some university recog nised by that institution. Everything turns on the meaning of the word recognised. The intention of the rule would, to the ordi nary mind, seem to be that the Supreme Gourt is prepared to recognise universities that the Melbourne University recognises, and to the extent that the Melbourne Uni versity recognises them, where the recogni tion is only partial. But the Full Court takes a higher and subtler view of the situation. Partial recognition is complete recognition, i The LL.B. cour=e at the Melbourne Uni-1 versity is a five years'course ; at the Adelaide | | University a three years' course. To save time, and for other reasons, Mr. Thomas, I who is a resident of Melbourne and attend ing the Melbourne University lectures, went ro Adelaide to be examined, and having passed, claimed to be admitted ad eundcm to the LL.B. degree in Melbourne. Ilia appli cation was refused by the Melbourne Uni versity, because the two degrees (owing to the difference in the length of the course) are not considered equivalent The art degrees of the two universities are equivalent, however, and an M.A. of Ade laide has been accepted as an M.A. of Mel bourne. The Supreme Court, seizing hold of this fact, says that the Adelaide University is ' recognised" by the Melbourne Uni versity, and therefore the LLB. of Adelaide « a sufficient qualification within the rule tor admission to the Victorian bat. The anomaly which this decision lands every body in may be pointed out. Mr. Thomas ia admitted as a barrister in Mel bourne on a degree which the Mel bourne University has refused to recognise because the Supreme Court holds that it has recognised that degree by recognising some other. But if accepting the application of an M.A- of Adelaide amounts to recognition 811 re'y the subsequent refusal of the Mel bourne University to accept the application of an LL.B. of Adelaide amounts to a denial of | that recognition. Either the Supreme Court will bare to amend its role, or the University will have to expressly withdraw its re cognition, for we cannot hare the absurdity of compelling a Victorian student to study for five years in Melbourne, if his competitors are to be allowed to get through in three years by taking railway journeys once or twice a year from Melbourne to Adelaide and back. Mon day s case waa unfortunately an appeal from the fudges themselves to the judges them •elves; and they, no doubt, found it easier to give a strained and forced meaningto the language of the rule than to read it aa every uninatructed layman would read it, and as the bar examiners have read it For the admission which the examiners refused was accepted by the judges prior to Monday's argument Their Honours have often made ironical comments on the drafting of acts of Parliament They now have the opportunity of arching their eyebrowB over their own draughtsmanship. The Dillon-Walsh incident was thorough] characteristic of the occasion and the causi «L « . ,pIace» Mr- Wal8h bad, as i essential, on imaginary grievance, and in tfa second Place he kept as near as possible t the wmdy side of the law when demandin TSZtotM°' bu° U<A ol tbe «*<»lwr bein empty saving him from any serions uncles ThntnS 'f® Bbftpe oI fine 01 taprisonmenl The third interesting feature of tbe pre ceedings is tbe fine indignation of Mr. Dilloi at his dignity being insulted and his sacra person being threatened. Beal sbootini goes on "at home," and Mr. Dillon iB un moved, or is ready with arguments to excuse it, but mock shooting at his own expense is a very different thing. It is quite likely that Mr. Walsh is o'er-fraught by his grievances. Immense funds having been subscribed for the benefit ot evicted tenants, Mr. Walsh as an evicted tenant—i.e., a tenant who preferred being driven from his holding to paying rent —wanted big consolation stakes from IbeLand League. It had probably cost him a great deal of personal comfort to become a volun tary martyr, and he expected to be compensated according to bis own estimate of bis sufferings. The amount he seems to have got as an act of grace is £100, and the 6um he wanted £2,000; and Mr. Dillon, the president of the league, notwithstanding his great powers of per suasion, haB been unable to reason Mr. Walsh into seeing that it would be misap \- ■ - ' • i ■ propnating tue iumis, which urc luuiS™ with many expenses—the expenses of am bassadors travelling round the world, and political demonstrations in England, Ireland, and America, besides the handsome benevo lences which are exacted by leading officials— to make an evicted tenant who does not come under the rules comfortable tor life, or even for a term of years, Mr. Walsh's case cannot be one of 6nck great hardship, or he would not have the means of voyaging across the ocean after Mr. Dillon to urge (with 6trange inconsequence) claims in Mel bourne which there can be no possibility of adjusting elsewhere than in Dublin, unless Mr. Dillon has uncontrolled power over the money he witches out of the pockets of his countrymen here. If the envoys are in real danger, as sworn to by Mr. Dillon, we hope their etay in these colonies will not be pro longed a day more than can be helped. The sooner they leave the sooner an end will be putto the childish romancing thatis going on the Irish papers ever their "grand triumphant procession in Australia," which, says the Freeman's Jonrn "if we mayatall judge from the papers before us, eeemsaluiost to monopolise the attention of the press and public in Australia. The reports fill whole] pages of the newspapers, squeezing the local f news into obscure corners or clean out into the waste-paper basket" If they find a phantas magoria so satisfying, are not we all on the wrong track in offering them practical benefits? They do not want things earthly, they want the moon, or the beautifnl imaginings with which nurses fill the minds of little children. IIow will the net sum sent home by Mr. Dillon trcm all Australia compare with the £15,000 raised in Melbourne in 14 days for the London dockmen? A paper on "The Last Living Aboriginal of Tasmania " has been read before the ltoyal Society, liobart, by Mr. James Barnard. The world having wept and moralised over Truganini, Mr. Barnard comes forward to tell us that we have been premature in shedding our tears—the last of the Tas maniana is Fanny, who is as yet only 55 years of age. About there being such a person Fanny there is no dispnte. She lives at Port Cygnet; she has a family ot six sons and six daughters, and she is in receipt of a pension from Parlia ment in virtue of the fact that she is of aboriginal descent. The question in doubt is as to whether she is a pure bred black or a half-caste. Der mother, Sarah, had two husbands, the first a sealer, by whom she had four children, and the second one of her own people, whose native name was Nico roanie, and English name Eugene. There were three children by the second marriage Fanny being the sole survivor of them. The documentary evidence which Mr. Barnard has unearthed from among a number of official documents is conflict Fanny is sometimes described as a half-caste, and sometimes as a black, by people who ought to have known whieb'she was. They did not foresee that she might one day be put forward as the last represen tative of her race, or they would have been more particular. There is a somewhat con vincing extract from a report by Dr. Milligan dated November 29, 1S47, which rnns thus The fifth girl, Fanny Cochrane, almost a | woman, might remain with her half- sister, Mary Ann. ^ Indeed, I can scarcely say how j otherwise she could be satisfactorily dis posed oL But in March of the same year at an official inquiry at Flinders Island', Fanny signed a deposiiion commencing with I am a half-caste native ol Van Diemen's Island. My mother is a native. I am about 13 years of age," Ac. Mr. Barnard is per fectly justified in arguing, as be does, that fanny could be no authority upon the ques tion of her parentage, and no doubt the words were pat in her month by the gentleman con-1 ducting the inquiry; but what the quotation does prove is, that Fanny was a half-caste by repute. A fact that is supposed to tell against her claim to be a pure black ia her surname of Cochrane, which was understood to be that of the sealer, but Mr. Barnard states that Cochrane wbb her mothers name, not the sealer's. The theory of Count raelecki, as to the impossibility of half, caste children being followed by full-blooded children, ia also supposed to tell against Mr. Barnard, but it may be rejected aa a hasty [generalisation. Mr. Barnard, however, has not succeeded in doing more than rawing doubts about a question which will never be positively settled. It has to be determined by events that happened in the far-off thirties, when very little history was written. Besides, the world has already mourned over the fate of the last of the Tasmanians, and may not be inclined to go through the same melancholy ceremony again, even if Mr. Barnard should prove that its mourning waa untimely. The case is closed; and Truganini must go down to posterity—in fact, wiil go down to posterity in spite of any discovery which now be made —« the one Tasmanian aboriginal over whom tears have been shed. Buoyancy of tone from beginning to end marks the address delivered by Mr. KayeJ nresident o£ the Canterbury Chamber of Commerce, at the annual ®®ct,^d°l^ion 29th alt The period of gloomy' and dismal forebodings is gone, a colony of New Zealand moves lonmrd^S confident tread. Mr. Kaye reports the year ending J.ne SO, ». to ^ ™ « great producing activity. There was maguificent expansion of the e*P0^ -a big harvest and a ready market. For the good year in New Zealand was con temporaneous with a lean year in districts of Australia, and Canterbury and Otago together sl.ipped 25 times as much wheat and corn to Australian ports ns in Cie nrecedinc year. Had the Australian markets not been open, the grain would have gono to London, and though the prices nnght not have been so good nor the retums so qa.ck, the results would still ha^ been sausfactory. " It is geuerally admitted, says Mr. K , that the United States have about reacLcd the maximum limit of the quantity-of wheat they will annually have available for export to foreign countries; hence with the in creasing population of Australia, the com paratively contracted areas in which wheat growing can be prosecuted to payable advan tage, considered with the uncertainties and variableness of its climate, we may reason ably look for frequent periods when we shall have large outlets in that direction, at prices more payable than will probably be found iu Europe." Mr. Kaye does not refer to the measures which have been taken to check the inflow of oats into this colony next year, by puttinp up the duty on that commodity. The figures relating to the export of frozen meat likewise tell a satisfactory tale. Loth in mutton and beef large increases are shown, and, as was to be expected, the drain on the living flocks is beginning to have a per ceptible effect, tor the live stock returns for j Canterbury show a slight decrease m the number of sheep-a decrease, however, that is in part attributed to heavy losses by snow storm last spring. Mr. Kaye is of opinion that as yet the source of the frozen meat supply has not been over-strained. The ex ports will no doubt to some extent be regu lated by the price ot wool, which will in fluence the grazier in deciding whether to send his sheep to the factories or reserve them for shearing When the judges and the Executive come inio collision it would be well if their | differences could be settled without in volving third parties, who have the privilege of looking on and bearing all the expense. The Supreme Court Bench in Brisbane de clines to recognise an appointment which has been made to the court-house staff. It is to be inferred from the arguments that the duties of taxing master have hitherto been performed by the registrar, who, in the early days of the colony, was a sort of Poobah. As j time wore on, and his work increased, his position was cut up, and the functions detached from him given to new men to dis charge. The process of disintegration came to a stop before he had been relieved of the | responsibility of taxing costs, which, it msy ^ be explained to the uninitiated, means some- j thing very different from appropriating a percentage of an attorney's income to the uses of theCrown. Taxing costs is subjecting the j charges made by an attorney to rigid, not to say suspicious, examination, and exempting the euitor from paying items that are unfair or too high Tfce Minister of Justice, deciding for him self, or perhaps only wanting to provide some body with a billet, appointed an extra clerk for the purpose of helping the registrar to do j the taxing; and the judges, in consequence j of not having been consulted, call this officer an intruder, a usurper, and other hard i names. But the difficulty of their Honours was how to transmute their verbal indignation I into action, and they had to wait until some j unfortunate litigant came before tbem to have certain taxing confirmed. When the opportunity arrived, the Court of Banco sat iu full majesty, imposed upon the counsel for a private suitor the enormous obligation of proving the appointment to have been law fully made, visited upon him all the judicial fury which they intended for the Minister of Justice, and dismissed his application, with, we presume, the usual result as to costs. At any rate, this private suitor was put to the I expense of employing solicitors and teeing i counsel merely that the judges might have their fling at the Government, From their i Honours' reading of the statute it seems as if j the appointment were illegal, because the statute says that new offices iu the Supreme Court are not to be created without the I sanction of the judges, a legislative check imposed upon the Executive by Parliament, which the Minister of Justice has disregarded. But unless the injured citizen at whose expense the Executive and the judges have conducted this not altogether on amusing tourney is amply compensated out of the public funds he will be entitled to consider himself highly ill-treated. The full particulars of the battle of Tosl show that there was never any ground for tb misgivings which were expressed in son quarters as to the possible result of tt encounter between the Egyptian force undi Sir F. W. Grenfell and the dervishes. Froi first to last the enemy never had the ghost i a chance, and the whole affair was more battue than a battle, its chief significant is in showing bow easily an Egyptian fori commanded by British officers can defeat horde of Soudanese barbarians, no matt bow fierce and fanatical. With the exceptk of the first battle of El Teb, where Bak Pasha's Egyptian army was almost annit lated, all oar previous engagements in the So dan have been between British troops and tl Arabs. On this occasion the Egyptii force, excepting the 20th HnBSsrs and tl Mounted Infantry, was composed entirely native soldiers. Of these there wereabo 4,600 altogether, and of the six battolio four consisted of blacks and two of Egyptia proper, or fellaheen, all of tbem being coi manded by English officers. It is thin fa that gives to the battle of Toski a epecl&l; importance among all the engagement* fought in the Sondan aince the BrUUhoceum. tion of Egypt in 1882. There haa been ft good deal of mlBplaeed sympathy expressed for the slaughtered dervishes, many peop^ regarding them as patriots fighting agaimt the invaders of their country. It ought not to be necessary to point out how entirely erroneous is this view of the matter. The dervishes are as foreign to Egypt ag the English themselves, and with this difference that instead of governing the country as it has never been governed before the British occupation, for the benefit of the natives, the Arabs would pillage it from end to end and reduce the inhabitants to a condition of abject slavery. But tor the occupation of Englaud or some other European power, Egypt would be speedily be overrun by the fierce desert barbarians; as the Egyptian people have never since the Persian Conquest, 2,400 years ago, been able to keep out the invader, the history of theconntry during that long period being simply the history of its foreign conquerors, Greek and Roman, Arab and Turk. It is no doubt very shocking that the dervishes should be mowed down in hundreds by the breechloader or driven into the desert to perish of thirst, buttheyhave only themselves to thank for their sufferings. All that they have to do is to keep to their own country 'and leave the Egyptians alone. Documents have indeed been found showing that certain high-placed people in Egypt were encouraging the invaders, but this mwt not be taken as an indication that the der vieh movement is a national uprising on the part of the Egyptians. It merely shows that a few people, probably a mere bandtol, are dissatisfied with foreign rule in Egypt, and ready to welcome anyone who comes with intent to overthrow it The idea that the fellaheen wish to substitute for the English rule that of the Soudan bar barians is too absurd to be entertained for & moment by anyone possessing the smallett knowledge of the subject Tbe trial of Mrs. Maybrick is likely to rank among the most notable criminal cases of our time. In itself there is nothing specially remarkable about the crime. The deceased had married a wife much younger than himself. Their affection had cooled. The wife was nniaithfnl; the husband ill treated her. and finally died under circum stances which the jary considered were sufficient to justify them in finding that be was poisoned by bis wife. Such a case is not of uncommon occurrence. What has made the Maybrick trial a cause cdibre is the ex traordinary public feeling to which it has given nse—a feeling manifested in ways that in England are fortunately very rare, the bisaing of a jury and the hooting and attempted mobbing of a judge. Why there should have been this violent out burst of sympathy for the prisoner it is not altogether easy to say. The only explanation available seems to be that the pirties were of good social standios, that the criminal was young and remarkably good-looking, and that there were one or two points in the evidence which o some slight doobt as to her guilt Thus there was a difference of opinion among the mSIJl"perta as to whether Mr. Maybnck had died from arsenic poisoning or not One or two of them considered that he had not nil the symptoms that are usually cause by taking this poison not being present m his case. A noticeable feature in the judges summing up was the 1 seemed to attach to the tbe reason he gave bemg thate^ts^ very apt to lose their impartiality and « advocates on one side °'the ® ^ { _ bad sequentJy transpired thaiJ**} JJ ibis come to a conclusion l"e3pf? , there evidence. On tbe other bairi ^ >ome Xk.cSU ttS made out for tbe accnsea. said that some a cosmetic, knew that she used areen ^ called Why. asked the judge. w, ns witnesses to such an £ remark in Then there was Mrs. Mwbnc d was tbe letter to Bnerley that h iog eX " sick unto death," the doc teverge. pressed an opinion ex^f stance8,upon These and variousother ,aid ^at which Sir James Stephen tigh y (hat stress, seem to prove conclu^ef whether Mrs. to her husband or not, she at any u do SO. In the ^oft^ de^ed oiher. to see how the jury could have de^u wise then « they did, "rSrite £Eviction Mrs Maybrick several offers of mareiage-inclu'l'ug, sard, one from » c*er^.B^l tre a®^0 if one were needed, that there _bte 0f number of people «n the w wt committing any act of folly, no w extravagant. 