ECHOES FROM PALL MALL. From Our Correspondent. LONDON, 30ru AUGUST. Tho term "princely," ns applied to munifi cence, does not soein to bo as npplioahlo to Eastern inonarohs as it used to be. When tho Shah left Buckingham Palnco ha is said to havo exclaimed that lio should nevor forget the great English people, but ho seems to havo omitted to "remember" tho servants. IIo doworcd thom only with a parting smilo, which, though it would doubtless bo treasured like per petual sunshino in Porsia, cannot be investod iu tho Savings Bank S.W. To a higher class, "the light of Asia" distributed Persian decora tions in great profusion ; they aro made of green ribbons. I wondered why so many of his staff woro visiting Whiteloy'sa day or two previous to their departure, buying ribbons, but now I know. How pleasant it must bo to bo nblo to mnko people linppy by the yard. To tho high offioials about the Court tho Shall gave, liow- ovor, very bonutiful jowols, which it is to bo hoped will turn out to bo genuine. This custom of " tipping" thehcads of depart ments and neglecting tho tails is common with great potentates of doubtful civilisation. Years ago I remember a Russian Grand Duke visiting a Cornish mine in the neighborhood of which I chanced to be staying. Ho was vory liberal, nnd left £50 bohlnd as a record of his visit, tlio wliolo of which tho manager appropriated. ; As be bad only shown his highness ovor the plaoc, nnd not oven descended into the mine with iiim, employes were naturally incensed at the proceed ing, and addressed a respectful lotter to tlio Grand Duko to inquire wbethor his generous benefaction had been applied as lio intonded. xu this iiis highness iniu'tu no direct; reply, but forwarded a diamond ring to the manager. " To him that hath shall bo given " was henceforward that gentleman's favorito text. The notion of stocking the waters of our metropolitan parks and gardens with fish and charging a small fee for each fishing rod is charming ; if tltoy also stock tho parks with gaino and ohargo for tbo guns thero will be no need for the sporting world to go out of town nt all. To save tho expense nnd trouble of going to Sootland by stalking deer in Kensington Gar dens, or fishing in the Round Pond, will bo a great convenience. At present there is a diffi culty even with tlio most skilful anglers in koep- ing their families by what thoy catch in the Serpentine, though no ono can aconso thom of any want of assiduity. What may bo dono with "tho bow and spoar " I hflve 110 means of judging, but my experience of the rod as a means of subsistence is inadequate and unsatis factory. Of all my angling friends thero nro only two, so far as I know, who ever catali any thing, though thero aro a good many who talk about it. Now at the Round Pond wo could take a camp stool and watoh them. If ono was away for 10 minutes, we should know ho was off to tho fishmonger's, where wo have always suspected he wont. A surgeon-general (who ought to bo a gonoral, from his great personal courage) has actually dared to adviso Anglo- Indians to givo up marry ing English women nnd take up with nativo wives. Ho declares that they ore almost as good as tho real article — as though ho woro reoommending mock turtle or margarine butter — quite as pretty and moro hardy (though surely not bo hardy as himsolf). Thero will then bo no necessity, ho says, for thoso frequent trips of wifo and children to England whioh are so expensive. That is true enough, and tho wifo especially I should recommend not to go thero, if partial to tho society of her own sex; hut there are some things to be considered in matri mony besides even money and convenience. Though thero aro doubtless exceptions, linlf- brecds are not, as a rule, a satisfactory race. Tho proposition may havo been mndo by tho author in pique; ho has perhapis been rcjeoted by white womon, but otlierwiso thero is little excuse, considering tho tightnoss of tho matri monial market in England, for thus eudoavor- ing to still further restrict it. Tho meeting of tho medicine men has, as might have been expected, proved more interest ing than is usual with othor associations, Man for man a doctor is always a moro interesting person to moot than one who is not a doctor, and what is truo of tho individual is true of tho general. "Tho poor in tho loomp," says tho farmer in the ballad, "is bad," while of tlio doctors (though mnuy of thom are not half so rich as they deserve to be), the reverse is the case. Tho subjects proposed for diseussion havo been generally woll ohosen and ably argued. Perhaps tho most curious of them is A Method by which tho Human Body has been Mado Praotieally Transparent for Surgical Opera tions. I hope, however, it will bo restricted to this purpose. It is said to be very meritorious — though I don't think everybody would like it— to havo a mind as "pellucid as glass," but with tho body ono prefers a certain delioacy to be observed. Tho only follow creature of my acquaintaneo that is transparent to the eye is the prawn, and I don't think tho peculiarity is becoming to him. Apart from his embarrassing habit of baaking from you, liko a donkey averso to his harness being put on, only much moro rapidly, ho looks to mo liko a ghost. There is an absence of oolor and oxprcssioa about liiin which is far from being redeemed by his pro truding eye. Ho is cortainly a more agreeable objeob whon pink aud solid. From the report of the medical essay I cannot gather that wo are mado transparent to ourselves. If this bo not tho caso it will bo a serious drawbaok to the advan tages of tho discovery. All of us, for example, aro more or less interested in the atato of our liver, but to receivo information on that inter esting subjeot at socond baud, while everybody else oould judgo for themselves, would ho humiliating. If our transparency should really becomo general, it will have a considerable offcot upon the language. It will bo useless to say to a young person " I havo lost my heart," or " My heart bleeds for you," when sho can seo you haven't or it doesn't. It is really a feather in one's cap iu these days to have hit upou the oheapest possible manner of obtaining a reputation for philanthropy and self sacrifice. This original idea (as ofteu happens with other great thoughts) has not ocourrcd to any of the cultured classes, but to a hard-handed son of toil ; no philosopher, or savant, or literary person lias thought it out, but a poor, and perhaps honest, British workman. Sinco Mrs. Maybrick, he writes, is as innocent of crime ns he is, and one blameless life may just as well bo sacrificed as another, ho proposes to take lier plnco upou tho scaffold. When one cousider3 the maguifioence of this offer, the probability of its becoming notorious, and the cortuiiity of its uot being accepted, it seems to combine almost all tho requisites for the modern martyr ond patriot. A miscreant with a gun has been fined for shooting a carrier pigeon flying from Cherbourg to St. Andrew's. The typical Englishman, who is described as saying to his fellows every fine morning, " Let us go out nnd kill something," is hero at liis very lowest. Yot it is noticeable that ho is by no means in the lowest olass of society. The poor and the ragged, and evon the mischievous street boys, nevor dream of harming tho beautiful pigeons that pook and flutter in fearless Hooks in the neighborhood of St. James's Palaoe and else where in London. It is reserved for thoso who can pay for a gun licence to shoot these inno cent aud graceful creatures. That women are found to drivo down in tlioir carriages and see men pursue suoh sport (?) for gain is tho foulest blot on the painted cheek of Fashion. My opinions aro as demooratio as thoso of most peoplo ; but I do hope we shall never appoint our judges by the ballot box, as is tho mothod in California. Mr. David Terry, J. P. (or O. J.P., for all I know) is a crowning example of what comes of it. If tho thing had not actually occurred, tho idea of ono judge slapping another judge's face iu a railway refreshment roam seems to belong to tho wildest regions of farco. That any other verdict than "justifiable homicide " ehould bo returned ngainst tho marshal who performed tho duty entrusted to him in so prompt and satisfactory a maimer 1 cannot believo. If tho rovolver had been a Gatling gun and all tho Terrys in tho United States had been in front of it it would havo boon a national benefit. It is 110 wonder that tho case of tiie gentle man who borrowod a sovereign and had to pay 5s. a week for tho loan of it, should have excited some attention. Howover doubtful may be the security, 1300 per cent, por annum is cortainly a high rate of interest. But how much higher rates we often pay, not for our money indeed, but for our passions and our pleasures. It is strange that tho usurer, who seems to havo been rathor at a Iobs for oxcusos for his conduct, never thought of that plea. I remember a man com plaining to hu friend that ho had won £500 of him iu tho year at piquet, and the » 1 1 iwvsvn other replying : " But think of tlio amusement you liavo had." " But you have Imd tho nmuso- mont and tho pleasure too," was tho natural rejoinder. " "Woll, that is true, but if you hail uot lost at cards, my dear fellow, you would have spoilt money at soino game or another : hunting, shooting, nnd starting a nowspapcr nro all vory oxpensivo games." "You are right," was tlio response (which, liowovor, I littlo expected to hear). "Piquet is cheap by com parison." Ho had once, it appeared, among many othor "gamos," started a newspaper. It is to bo hoped that tho gratifying cxpo- rienco of tho omnibus and tramway companies in favor of clioapness will havo itsoifoct in othor directions. If very low ohnrges result in the case of tho million in largo profits, why should not modoration succeed in that of a higher clnss? Tho expenses of our great hotels aro growing moro and more exorbitant, and yet tho compnnics whicii run them do not seem to bo very nourishing. Tlioir charges, in truth, appeal only to spendthrifts or millionaires. I heard of 0110 landlord who, when his too closely fleeced guest informed him on departure that ho should novcr expuso himself to tuoh treatment again, replied benignly, " Well, fir, tee faot is wo vory seldom do seo the same gentleman twice." His excuso, of course, if his establishment is a health resort, is, " Wo liavo such a short season;" but it is often liis own fault that it is so short. A guinea a day for a sitting room, nnd eight shillings for a bedroom, liavo a tendency to shorten tho Bcason of one's sojourn at any place, how ever health giving. Abovo all, is tho monstrous foe exacted for "attendance," which in days I am old enough to remember novor appeared in the bill nt all. "Why should my son, ngod 10, or ray daughters who want even still less waiting upon, pay 14s. a week to the btait uf all hutei, overyone of whioh I am novorthelcss oxpootod to remunorato whon I leavo it, on pain of boing considered a shabby follow. Thero is a very considerable and fairly prosperous class who would prefer tho (comparative) comfort ensured by an hotel for threo weeks, to tho bother nnd trouble of furnished lodgings for a month, but not ovon that percentage satisfies tlio maw of our modern hotel ouiiipnnics. Everyone who visits tliem must observe the great preponderance of the Hebrew race among tho guests ; they aro tho only pcoplo who can now afford to patronise them. An incident lias happened at Montrond, in France, which is very creditable to Nature's originality. Tho inhabitants have had to closo their doors aud windows against a plague of buttorfiios. So far ns I know, oven in a fairy tale, such an inflic tion has never been imagined ; and, though doubtless inconvenient, it must have been a very ehnrming spcotacle. Tho Indies', bonnets stood in no need of decoration, since they woro " settled upon " by these gorgeous littlo creatures- Summer's courtly ushers, noiseless. "What a proserve tho plaoo must have proved to the folk with butterfly nets. There is often n plague of insects in our English plensure re sorts, hut they aro not Butterflies though their namo begins with a B. In old times good people — and also people who had not been good, but wished thoy had been — used to leavo tlioir wealth to tho church ; but nowadays there nro signs of tho nvorngo being restored by wealthy seoularists. Ono of them loft a fortune of no less than £2,000,000 to found an orphan asylum at l'hiladelphia on condition that " no coolosiastio should over .bo admitted ovon as a visitor." His natural lieirs have brought an notion for tho recovery of their property upon tho ground that the stipulation lias been infringed. We are not told that thoy themselves sent a clergyman to inspect tho interesting institution, but thero was cortainly n great temptation to do so. It is oertain I10 was not a member of " tho olotli " to look at or ho would not havo been admitted, so tho question will probably arise, "What is an ecclesiastic?" It may not be such a burning ono as that of "who is ontitied to bo addressed as ' reverend '?" whioh in England a few years ago so excited tho religious publio, but it will bo moro interesting to the gentlemen of tho long robo. A new industry lias arisen in Berlin through tho discovery of instantaneous photography ; tho artist takes young couples in nffoctionnto situations, and afterwards blaokmails tho lady. Tills would certainly uovcr answer in seaside resorts in England (unless tho gentleman was a black male). Nothing seoms to pleaso "young persons " so inuch as being photographed in amatory atti tudes, with their cavalier's arm round their waists, or his fingers clasping their hand. The notion of a "ncgativo" would no doubt bo dis agreeable to thom; but not in a scientific sense. So Sir Edward Watkin is to havo his tunnel after all, only instead of being horizontal it is to bo porpendicular and to pierco the air in placo of tho water; a very much bettor plan. Wo cannot be invaded from tho skies per the Watkin tower. It will be of course much bigger and taller than the Eiifol one, and, to pay, "must bo built in tho hoart of London. There are only a very few people, outside tho Alpino Club, who will go any distanoo to climb things, and the fato of tho Crystal and Alexandra palaces has indood established tlio faot that no plaoo of amusoment oan succeed which is not oloso to our doors. Lot us hope that something will bo given us at the top of tho tower hotter than the pro mised " reading and Bmoking rooms ;" as for its "utility for astronomical purposes," the oyc involuntarily closes and tho hand points ovor the left shoulder at tho suggestion. But why should not the floor bo let out in furnished apartments for invalids in want of ohango of air? Instead of being sent to Davos Platz or Colorado thoy oould then livo at tho same elevations with out quitting tlioir nativo land. Fivo' minutes in n lift would bo a groat improvement upon thoso fatiguing railway journeys, and Sir Watkin would have the satisfaction of boing able to advertise "sea passages avoided" after all. A communication could perhaps even bo estab lished with the opposition tower over tho way, aud bo tho causo of that " international good feeling " which tho tunnol was to elfeot. At all events Blondln oould go across with Sir Watkin 011 his shoulders, which, even without fireworks, would bo au attractivo spectacle. A writer in tho Universal Review has not only been whitewashing Jezebel, but proves to liis own aompleto satisfaction that sho is " tho proto-martyr of our oivilisation, " and " in spired by thedivino soul of perfect womanhood." It is sad indeed to think that a lady of suoh gifts should lmvo been thrown out of a window, nnd afterwards becoino tho victim of n "carringo accident." It would bo interesting to liavon list of tho saints who have been constructed by modern 'writers out of tho old sinners ; St. Henry tho VIII., St. Richard III. and so on. The almanacs, which seem always very much in want of " copy " to put opposite tlieir dates, to judge by tho queer tilings ono finds there, should look to this. Thirty -six oignrottos per annum to ovory man, woman and child seoms a largo average oven for the United States, where even " Littlo Breeches" takes Iiia tobacco liko a man. Tho habit may bo doadly, as somo doctors tolls us, but is clearly not immediately fatal. Tho fact is that tlio strength of tlio tobacco is taken vory little into adcouut by theso gentry, and it is vory im portant. That used for cigarettes is vory mild. Tho same error is mado by thoso who abuse coffee ; black coffee and cafi au tail are very different drinks. Whnt is disagreeable about cigarettes is their smell, whioh is an unhappy mixture of tobacco smoko and burnt paper. Any housewifo will tell you that it is not pipes which defile tlio domestia atmosphere and her curtains, but cigars and cigarettes ; and I behove the odor of both, ospeciolly when stale, is dele terious. The dinner given by the Volnpuk community to ono another in Paris was a groat success, though not entirely upon tiie liues laid down by tbo sooiety. Thoy cheered each other's speeohes with unanimity — though some cried "Lyfo!" and some "Lyfomus!" — but didn't understand ono word of them. Not a syllable was uttered whioh could jar on any hearer's cherished opinion, or even bore him — praiso which could bo given to pubiio spoeohes in no other language upon enrth. 