ENGLAND. THE LATEST IN GHOST STOEIES. EXORCISING A GHOST AT HAMPSTEAD. Miss Frith, daughter of tha well-known artiaf, 9?ho writes under the eip;nat,vn'e ' Waltee Powell' in a Canadian paper 'says the PaIiL i^Tall Gazette, Jen. 12), tello in a reoent letter the following version of tho ghosts at Hamp« sto£d : — There are two rows of old red. brick houses at Hampstead, forming an avenue to the church, which nouses, built on ground winch, once be longed to a monastery, are continually troubled by the most unaccountable noises, in one or two cases the inhabitants declaring that the noises, which they can bear, have been further supple mented by the appearance of apparitions, which they cannot. Not long ago one of those possess ing the worst of reputations was taken in all in nocence by some people who, till they had been in the place some time, were left unmolested. But very soon steps pattered up and down stairs in. the dead of night ; doors, previously locked, un accountably flew open ; often there was a feeling, even iu the broad daylight, that one wa3 being wa,t:hed (said my informant) by invisible eyes, touched by invisible fingers. The maids gave warning continually, the children, occasionally were frightened, but as months went on without anything actually being seen, the footsteps and lustlings, growing monotonous, were at last almost unheeded, and the household settled down with the firm determination, annoy* ing enough to the ghost, to ignore its presence altogether, a resolution not always strictly kept. One afternoon a November or two ago, the lady of the house sat by the fire in a small drawing room, shut off from a larger one by folding door,s reading fairy tales to her little daughter, and as she read she heard some one walking overheads in a room from which the ghost always started on its peregrinations. She glanced at the child, who was staring at the flames absorbed in the history of 'The Snow Queen/' and who, wisely enough, bad no ears for anything else, and con tinued the story without a pause. Soon on each of the shallow oak stairs sounded the well-known pit-a-pat of high-heeled shoes, till the steps, staying a second at the smaller drawing-room, went on to the larger room, the door of which opened and shut with a bang; but nothing ['disturbed the little girl. As her mother read on, some one behind those folding doors was turning the handles softly, pacing up and down the floor, moving cbairs and small tables, till at last the reader became so nervous she thought she even should have screamed. Instead of that, however, she made Eornp excuse for resting for a moment, gave the book to her daughter, and taking up a lamp went bravely to the threshold of the other room and looked in. The footsteps ceased suddenly, but peer as she might into every corner, nothing could she see. Just as she was turning back to ' The Snow Qneen' and the fire, the child ran towards her. 'Why, mamma,' she sa^d, pointing to a window seat on which the stream of lamplight fell brightest, ' who is that pretty lady ?' Since then Mrs. S., who is a Catholic, has bad that restleas ghost laid (this is the nineteenth century, five miles from Charing Cross), and with bell and book the priest and the acolyte have done their best to restore peace to No. — , Church-row, the consequence being that after that afternoon, spent in sprinklings and prayer, the pretty lady has altogether ceased her visits. 