AUSTRALIAN SCENERY AND SEASONS. Some time ago, in an article in those columns, I ventured to affirm that in Australia there was little or no Spring, and ever since I have been abused in private by my friends for having been guilty of such a libellous statement. But honestly there was no intention of setting down aught in malice. It is hard to decide whether writing most conceals or reveals the true oh arno ter. Lord Bacon says, Conversation makes a ready man, reading a full man, and writing an exact man.'' And that may have been its effect on him. But all minds are not alike. The more's the pity if the likeness could be with such a mind as his, Anstey, the author of " Vice Versa," in one of his later novels, makes a shrewd observation on the police power of literary composition in laying bare the inmost characteristics of the mind. He says there is a kind of vulgarity of mind that escapes all parts but that of literary composition, A man may pass as a refined, clever, and humane' gentleman among his intimate friends, who is really gross and selfish but' let him take a pen in his hand, and as some one makes Bulwer Lytton say, attempt " to evoke from the real, the beautiful ghost of the ideal," and he will at once reveal his true nature. Now, in all the common social relations I appear as a quite dull and common place talker, never deviating from the ordinary levels of conversation, the weather, the theatres, the baby-show. But no sooner do I sit down opposite a sheet of foolscap, than, quite irresistibly, I try to be funny. It is a hateful confession. If you guessed, all's well ; but there is nothing more contemptible and irritating than trying to be funny, and failing, Graving pardon, therefore, - for the levity, let me try to make some amende honorable. No one will be likely to dispute the statement that this country can show nothing like the vivid and miraculous transformation, from the dry sticks and dead colour, of winter to the bright and varied wealth of wreathing foliage that an English Spring displays. Aaron's rod. before the miracle that clothed it with leaves And almond blossoms, was not more changed than is an English Winter landscape, when the budding foliage and flowers of Spring begin to hide its bareness and desolation. The evergreen character of our woods and copses forbids such conspicuous contrasts between the seasons as are found in countries where the flora is chiefly deciduous, that is, loses its leaves and roses them annually. And this is the reason that the numerous varieties of our Australian scenery are appreciated and admired, that is, rationally and with discrimination by so few people For of what do the staple, stereotyped description. of Australian scenery consist Take up the little specimen " Anthology of Australian Poetry," edited by Mr. Sladen, for the Canterbury Poets I Series. The only descriptive poetry it contains is made up of vague adjectives sublime, magnificent, stupendous, or sombre, weird, and so forth. Undoubtedly quite just epithets in the presence of the Wentworth ravines and Katoomba canons, but scarcely distinctive. Even the best Australian descriptive writers and poets Kendal, for example-see chiefly in the scenery of their native country the grotesque and giganteus, and almost All tacitly assume that our landscape is magnificent but monotonous. " In Australia alone," says Marcus Clarke in his preface to " Gordon's Poems," " is to be found the. grotesque, the weird, the strange scribblings of nature learning tO write." Now I am inclined to think that this is quite unjust, if put forward as the whole truth. There can he no doubt that the faculty of enjoying shade and colour is of quite modern development. And with it has been evolved the power of enjoy- ing and appreciating landscape scenery. I think Mr. Gladstone tells us it was from his " Juventus Mundi," or " Studies on Homer " at any rate, that I learned the fact that the Greeks had no names for some of the commonest colours in nature, blue, green, orange, for example. ' Though in the use of black and white, light and dark they were, as Buskin points out, accurately proficient. On the other hand, that most marvellous and mighty example of arrested development, the Chinese nation, shows us artists who have a vivid bullio of colour, but who are altogether void of any sense of perspective, and have little perception, of chiaroscuro or true shade. They see nature as a child might who suddenly had grown old without having had his faculties and powers of observation duly developed. For no doubt the faculties of a child developed in the same way as the perceptive powers of the race have evolved. in the Middle Ages they had not got much farther Colour is, then always conventional. Gold is always " red," ale is always " nut brown ;" the " red, red rose" is the only one noticed, The great Venetian colonists, who, as Buskin fells us, were the first to recognise and proclaim the great fact that shade was not necessarily darkness, but often colour and vivid colour, were yet hampered by this conventionality. They advanced a few steps in the gradual and inevitable evolution. But I doubt very much if they would have understood and truly painted the example that Buekin puts before us to show that there is as much colour in shadow as in light. " The darkness of the hollow in the centre of a wild rose, he says, " is one glow of orange fire, owing to the quantity of its yellow stamens." Now, this very illustration gives an excellent example of a highly educated pleasure in the beauty of Nature. For Mr. Ruskin is an ardent disciple of the two greatest teachers of the infinite beauty and mystery of Nature that the world has seen Turner and Wordsworth's We have now advanced to a very full and discrimina- tive appreciation of colour and shade. Each year's fashions see new and exquisite shades of colour the favourites of sod- ty crushed strawberry, terra cotta, vieux rose, and so on innumerable-newly invented names for colours hitherto unknown and unnoticed, indiscriminate at any rate. This feeling for colour almost a now sense-has evolved and developed, in these later days, just as the sense of music has advanced. And to whom are we indebted for this new and exquisite pleasure in our life ? To the poets and painters of the race. A delight in scenery means a careful and loving observation of its details, and, further, an educated observation. Not very long ago I was a member of a reading society, and it chanced that the subject of our consideration was one night Ruskin's famous chapter on Clouds" in Modern Painters. "It will be recollected that he declares that even the great landscape pain can, always excepting Turner, show an abject want of knowledge and observation of cloud- form and scenery. Ordinary people, he declares, never notice the clouds or any at all. It was not a little amusing to observe the manner in which this statement was received by our members. Almost all agreed that it was maliciously libellous. They, at any rate, took note of the varying and beautiful changes of cloudland. There were present, however, one or two doubting spirits, negative minds, who, after a little gentle interrogation and insistence, induced our members at length to admit that unless there was something startling in the sky, a brilliant sunset or the grandeur of a rising thunderstorm, they probably would not take much notice of it and even this habit of observation was admitted eventually to be the result of a certain amount of artistic education and culture. To enjoy scenery one must have an educated artistic faculty; and further, one must know what to look for. For my part, for a long time I freely admit that, like others, I considered our scenery tame and monotonous. Sublime in its vastness, if you will, but in detail barren. But an incident related to me by a lady opened my eyes to the error made by so many. She was travelling from some of the outside English counties up to London, with a young Australian gentleman, who had only recently arrived in Europe. Spring was in its fullest bloom of glorious verdure, and naturally the conversation turned on the varied but all lovely scenes that they were being whirled through. " Yes," said the young Australian ; " it's very beautiful, but don't you think the colours rather glaring ?" His eyes were accustomed to the soberer hues of his native landscape. There is little doubt that scenery is dependent for its attrac- tion chiefly on the arrangement of light and shade mass. Form hardly enters into the consideration at all. Of course it must be borne in mind, as has been already mentioned, that shade is as much colour as light. And though one must not look for the " sunny spots of greenery," and the varying hues of bright verdure that a moist and temperate climate exhibits, yet a careful and loving attention to the browns and dark greens, the purple and blue and grey tints that an Australian landscape shows will reveal the subtle and ample beauties of our scenery. Indeed, the uniformity of our scenery is by no means as noticeable as the uniformity of our climate. Just think if there chanced a great revolution, and the powers that he took it into their heads to re-issue the months, as the old F renou revolutionists attempted, we should look in vain for variety. No "snowy" month, no "foggy" month, no "sleety" month even we could not be sure of our " rainy " month. The only possible division would be, like the Arctic day and night, into two-six hottest months and six foolish months. If anything further were required one could only fall back on comparatives hot, hotter, hottest There would, indeed, be no difficulty about many Flowery 7 months.; for if our lestage is deficient in variety and brightness, no such charge can be made against the flowers. How wonderful they are. Many places have by one enthusiast and another been called the " Garden of the world." But Australia ought to, and, we hope, one day will, vindicate for herself the bright title " Flower garden of the world." The gardens and conserva- tories of Europe scarcely give one an idea of what flowers can be. It is true I have never visited the Flowery Land China. If Proserpine had known of Australia she would not have wasted her time in Enna " gathering flowers," but would have come straight to Botany Bay, for the whole country justifies the name that the great naturalist bestowed on that portion of the coast that he first explored, and indeed if young Australia does not appreciate the subtle beauty s of his landscape there cannot be the least doubt that he has a " foolish love for flowers,' "Foolish," I suppose, here means, as it often does in the older writers, " fond." . I cannot take a few sprays of flowers to a friend without being besieged by all the little school girls and boys, too, but not quite so clamorously the song bourhood, of Ah, presse, Mister, give me one. All, please." I don't liked being called " Mister," but one can't have everything,;. The other day while I was waiting for a doctor friend who was visiting a patient, and walking up and down outside the house I saw a little episode that illustrates this universal passion amusingly. A little boy was riding a tricycle along the footpath. Presently a friend, not at all as well dressed came up, and entered into conversation. After some boyish discussion on the super excellence of that particular tricycle, the new comer makes the transparent requent, (live as a ride." Boy on tricycle demurs. Other boy urges, " Do now, and I'll give you this;" fumbling in the breast pocket of his jacket, what do you think he produced, a broken knife-blade, a damaged main We? AS Kate Hotspur would have said, " as sure as I live," an exceedingly crumpled, half-blown, bright-red rose. From his pocket I hope it does not spoil the story, but truth at any price. I think it adds to it but the bribe was not accepted, and was carefully returned to the pocket Is it a fact that most Australian flowers proper have no scent ? It is certainly not true that there are no song birds. Of birds with a sustained song There may not be many. But I have heard a gentleman very well known in this colony declare that at Katoomba at daybreak he has heard a chorus of " Sweet birds authoring the morn," that England could not surpass. It is not to be wondered at that no birds are heard chanting their main songs in or about large towns. And no doubt birds in this newly settled country are wilder than in England, and have not yet become by long habit, accustomed to the continuity of human life and dwellings. As the features of our country become more and more familiar to each successive generation, the new home will be loved and admired as heartily as was the old. Of 