By the. Author of John Halifax, Gentleman. PART IV.—(continued.) After a long and wakeful night, spout m J serious thouuht fbrevery one's good, not ex-1 eluding her own—since there is a certain point beyond which one lias no right to for get oneself, and perpetual martyrs rarely tnako very pleasant heads of families she said to linr girls next morning, that she thought David Dalziel's brilliant idea bad a great, deal of sense in it; St. Andrews was a very nice place, and the cottage there would exactly suit their finances, while the tenure upon which he proposed they should hold it (from term to term) would also fit m vrith their undecided future ;because,as all kuew, whenever Helen or* iFanetta married, each would jnat take her fortune and go, leaving Miss Williams with her little legacy, above want certainly, but not exactly a millionaire. These and others points slio- set before them in her practical fashion, just as if her heart did not leap—sometimes with pleas ure, sometimes with pain—at the very thought of St. Andrews, and as if to see her self sit daily and hourly face to face with her old self, the ghost of her own youth, would be a quite easy thing. The girls were delighted. They left all to Auntie, as was their habit to do. Burdens naturally fall npon the shoulders fitted for tLem, and wbicbseem even to have afacutty for drawing them down there. Miss Williams's new duties 1h»S developed! in her a whole range of new qualities, dormaut during her governess life. Nobody Knew bettor than she how to manage a house' and guide a family. The girls soon felt that Auntie might have been a mother all her days, she was so thoroughly motherly ;■ and tbey gave up everythiug into her hands. So the whole matter was settled, David rejoicing exceedingly, and considering it "jolly furj, " and quite like a bit out of a play, that his governess should come back as his tenant, and inhabit the- old familiar | cottage. " And I'll take a run over to see you as soon as the loug vacation begins^ just to> toach the young ladies golfing.. Mr; Roy taught all us hoys, you know; and we'll'take that very walk ho used' to take-us, across the Liuka and along the sands to the Eeden. Wasn't it the river Men, Mis^s Williams ? I am sure I remember it. I thuik I am very good at remembering." " Very." Other people were also> " good at remem bering. " During the- first few weeks after they settled down at St, Andrews, the girls noticed that Auntie became excessively pale, and was sometimes; quite "distraite" and! bewildered-lo iking, which was little wonder, considering allsbe hftdito doamd to arrange. But she got better in time-. The cottage was so sweet, the sea so- fresh, the whole place so charming. Slowly Mies Williams's ( ordinary looks returned—the- "-good r: looks , . j which her girls so energetically protested she '' had now, if never before. They never allowed her to confess herself 'old by caps or shawls, or any of those pretty temporary hindrances to the marcb of Time- She re sisted not; she let them dress her as they pleased, in a reasonable-way,for she felt they loved her; ancLas to her age, why, she kuew it, and knew that nothing could alter it, so what did it matter ? She smiled, and tried to look as nice and as young as she:Could, for her girls' sake. I suppose there< are such things, as broken or breaking hearts, even at St. Andrews,, but it is certainly not a likely place for them. They have little chancer against the- fresh exhilarating air, strong as new wine ;_ the wild sea-waves, the soothing sands, giving with health of body wholesomeness of mind. : By and-by the busy world! recovered its old face to Fortune Williams—not the world aa she once dreamed of it, but the real world, as she hod fought, through it all these years. , ; "I was ever a fighter, so one fight more! as she read sometimes in the "pretty" poetry hergirlswerealways- aslungfor—readsteadily even when she catno to- the last verse- in j that passionate " Prospico: "— I " Till, sudden, the worst, turns, the best to- the brave-, 1 The black minute's at end: And the elements rage ,the fiend voices, that rave- | Shall dwindle, shall blend, . | Slwll change, shall become first a peace, then a joy. Then a light—then thy breast, O thou soul o! my soul 11 shall olasp thee again, And with God bo the rest! "" To that life to come—during all the-burden and heat of the day (no, the afternnon, a time, faded, yet hot aud busy still, which is often'a very trying bit of woman's life)—she now often begun yearningly to look. To meet him again, even in old age, or with death between, was her only desire. Yet she did her duty still, and enjoyed all she could, knowing that one by one the years were hurrying onwards, and the night com ing, " in which no man can work." ■Faithful to his promise, about the middle of July David Dalziel appeared, in overflow ing spirits, having done very well at college. He was such a boy still, in character and behaviour; though—as hecarefully informed the family—now twenty-one and a man, expecting to be treated as such. He was their landlord, too, and drew up the agree ment in his own natne, meaning to be a lawyer, and having enough to live on—some thing better than bread and salt, ",till I can earn a fortune, as I certainly mean to do, some day ." ! And he looked at Janetta, who looked down on the parlour carpet—as young people -will. Alas! I fear that the eyes of her anxious friend and governess were not half wide enough open to the fact that those young folks were no longer boys and girls, and that things might happen—in fact, were almost certain to happeu—which bad hap pened to herself in ber youth—making life not quite easy to her, as it seemed to be to th-se two bright girls.v Yot tho.y wore so bngbt, and tuotr TCI&tioBS; with David Dalziel were so frank and free in fact, the young fellow himself was such a thoroughly good follow, so very difficult, to shut the door against, even _ if she had thought of so doing. But she did not. &I10; let him come and go, " miserable bachelor " as he proclaimed himself, with all his kith and kin across the seas, andcast pot a thought to the future, or to parents arid guardians— jf shutting the stable door aftor the steed is btolen. - -i Especially as not longafter David appeared there Imppencd a cei aiu thing—a very small thing to nil but her, and yet to her it was, for the time beiug, utterly overwhelming. It, absorbed all her thoughts into one mad dened channel, whore they writhed and rayed and dashed themselves Mindly against in evitable fate. For the first time in her life this patient woman felt as if endurance were not the right thing; as if wild shrieks of pain, bitter outcries against Providence, would bo somehow easier, better: might reach His throne, so that even now He might listen aud hear. The thing was this. Oneway, waiting for some one beside the laurel-bush at her gate:— the same old bush, though it. had grown and grown till its branches, which usedi to drag on the gravel, now covered! the path en tirely—she overheard David explaining: to Janetta how ho and his brothers and Mr. Roy had made the wooden letter-box, which actually existed still, though, in a very ruin ous condition, " Aud no wonder-, after fifteen years; and more. It is fully thus old,, isn't it, Miss Williams ? You will have to superannuate it shortly, and return to the old original letter-' box—my letter-box,, which I. remember so well. I do believe I could find it still." Kneeling down, he thrust his baud through the thick barricade-of leaves, into the very heart of the tree. 1 I've found it. I declare I've found it the identical hole in the truuk where I used to: put all my treasures—my ' magpie'snesfc, as they called it, where I hid everything I could find. What a mischievous youug scamp I was 1." " Very," said Miss Williams affectionately laying a gentle hand on his curls—" pretty " still, though cropped down to the frightful modern fashion. Secretly she was rather proud of bim, this tall young, fellow, whom she had had on her lap many a time. "• Curious; it all comes back to me—even to the- very last thing I hid here, the day i before we left—which was a letter." | ' A letter I"—Miss Williams slightly started—" what letter ?" " One I found lying;under the laurel-bush, quite hidden by its leaves. It was well soaked with rain; I dried it in the sun, and then put it in my letter- box, telling noboiy, for I meant to deliver it myself at the hall door,.rath a loud ring—an English, post man's ring. Our Scotch one used to blow his horn, you remember?" " Yes," said Miss. Williams. She- was leaning against the fatal bush, pale to the very lips,, but her veil was down nobody saw.. " What sort of a letter was it, Diivi.l ? Who wasitto? Didyounotice the baud writing ?" " Why, I. was such, a fellow," and he looked up in wonder and Blight concern. " How could I remember ?: Some letter that somebody had dropped, perhaps, in taking the rest out of the box.. It could not mat ter—certainly not now. You would not bring my youthful misdeeds up against me, would you?" and he turned up. a half comical', half pitiful face. Fortune's: first impluse—what was its? She hardly knew. But her second was that safest,, easiest, thing—now grown iuto the habit and refuge of h«r whole life—silence. " No, it certainly does not matter now." A deadly sicknesB came over her. What if this letter were Robert. Roy's, asking hor that question which, he said, no man ought ever to ask a woman twice? And she had never seen it—never- answered it. So, of course, he went away. Her whole life—nay, two whole lives—had been destroyed, and. by a mere accident—the aimless: mischief of a child's innocent hand. She could never prove it, but it might have been so. And alas, alas, God,,the merciful God, had allowed' it, to be so I (to be continued.) 