IN MEMORIAM. rcprmon preached by tbe Rev. -Jas. 1\. „ ;n tbe Independent Cbarch, „ Lcrd now letteetThoa Thy servant , in peace, according to Thy word ; ' eves have seen Thy salvation. " "Xi M.30. was a pictnro for an artist, that in tbe Temple at Jerasultm — ' fen headed Simeon (kept in life for Si'torical event) holding in his aged the infant Redeemer, and pro- 8rBa ;no his J&'ic Dimiliis to the n0ll0f r turning to the parents of the 3 with ominous words This Za is set for the fall and rising again f mauy in IsraeL" Never before WRB j, eager expectation, never BEeh Ff n- (ealisafion, rs tho promise «nd he adveut of the Messiah. Waiting Le,n, waiting, tolletiug on the edge f the grave, ripe for rest, is not per- 0 ilt .1 tu go -antil, as the Holy '<ShoBt TVrevealed 'Eft0 kim, ke had seen the t i's Christ or the -Lord's anointed. ciLou now blessed God for a two-fold . . first, that he was privileged to heboid .B,'gbt ,which, -opbeis,"-38 PI0US as 6' an® k|ngs P«d desired to see, but " died 'without !"e Jjaht:' A second joy was his happy leiess a? at -length he was allowed onieliv to those w0Bry eyes, -closed alre-«dy to all earthlythings aria steadily, £sefi on the Lord's anofdted — -the; hord'a ERlvation. K Lord, now lottesl, Tbon Thy servant depart "in peace,-: according "to Thy word, for Ttiine eyefii hrefatnTby salvation." In (.llixbis whftt-fctness there was" thai! lis holy prophet should bless God and? con?Cii!al«te men-; that -at last, after l0Dg wftitlug, in which he 'himself had 0,n orey,Rtbe " desire of all nations' |ad come — that unconsoled he arte shocl-j -breath0 oat their tongings arid wring out- their sorrows oc longer,- for (be " Consolation of Israel" -had come — hit those nations groping Hn darkuees i Ehcull look up with surprise and giaa- B.._ c I' "The light to lighten tfea Entiles which Thou bast prepared tefore the face of all people." Simeea hll np in his arms, before the people in (be Temple, Jesns 'the Saviour, E3Tino— " Hera is that Messiah, "the Ctnfol it:on ofrierael ana ne jignc -a tl! meul" And now' let as observe ho; grest'y be was 'honored indihe posiiioi which he was chosen to 'fill. Observi two points-:— I. Simeon's honorec title; II. 'Simeon's reward. I. Simeon's honored title: A"secvsn" of tie (Lord." In addressing God .k tetrer-beaiitifal and ever- valued wctkf 'Lord now lettest Thou 'Thy servani deptit in peace," he called -himself ser- pnt, " Thy servant." Such a title wa« lot n-ei without reason. Simeon had- rigtt b u36 it. As we read in the revist-d vorsion, ho was the bond-servant of Gil, who web his despot or master. Bimto-i was 'God's property, as to hie time and os to bis talents. Here are tbe pontile inr his -title : — I.lEe was jast or no! ticus, and steadily regulated bis whl- cct-.dact by tbe law of GocLj 2\. He wee devout or piou3, he had dedi-! Kted himself to God. ::S. He was bcb-Bc and warticg for tboTedemptionj cfhratl, which showed his- implicit coa4 Jles-e in God's -promises. '4. And above' ill "the Holy Ghost was upon liim." Although nothing further is told us, weca- imagine the life whicb-cnch a mnu Vonlalve. Such a man wnul-i never lei bis light be hidden. Wber-iver he sett he would seek to influence others. He wool < be sore to instruct both young iri old in those truths and 'principles which were the joy of bis own 'heart and tbe light of his own life. If twre he any truth in the supposition ft« this Simeon was a son of Kiilel, one tl tb? most celebrated doctors of the | lire nee Moses, it -is reasonable -to sup- P® tint Simeon would also be an cibMst doctirof the law, and as such Bubs render service to the Lord. I W. nil picture him with a group of lhteners at bis feet, eagerly IhjGC tn the instructions from the law l th5y wtre set forth and ex pK-i- with glowing lips by this pious- I v. i;Bfher. At times you would = an nansaal expression lighting .-up i s lac ( rs he came to some passage |,!;n" ."P00 subject nearest his loVr".? TCOming delivereL "the ItL' - J0 'a nPu me ll'ffl/ 6 i i.' ' "0 S0Df; me to! k wmiirtall th'h6Wtea" And then Latei' u lgr£SPthat oft- 1 t3 W look! U ,11' for 'ts fnlfilmect, to » wait for' l'« consolation." 0 kh!'13') towards God and L?, lab?r others, piscina his fcl itarn0,Dg S fh6ir di8P881' aDd llotiDJ z»a! J011 w'tb oacoesfc and RSfT010 and craves P'illl'iilr-d a a" Dy W0'cb be I Xrv. , Eer7ant of tha Lord. HDvJl Tv. >r r' tbe late Mr Alfred riteflli,€n'ioatPr0B'aQCe alS0me Eolation; I f3 imhfS t0 Bpeak with Bober" pb-rw ! D!SS HPn sotna of his I< st!U haCt?tic8- The Lord.' Khk th-t f 80 H-ls Simeons, and I BtU s5r:nn f, t much to say that W- liar/ / R Com0 a8a"(n these tt c'r m6r9 vitts Bcarce,y a man K f,J H tfa-n"h0 t0 P'nt H'm K'ottv/n, 'u 0 whom we speaL ,ne to say that he, too, Bfe Lon ncrid title — a servant P'che with; r raen have dene more Hlc'! in ),„ -14 o'vtain radius to trans- Vi the fg<n so this country thi" )'bom9» the business Eih«cr!d r.;PJl''Cftb machinery, of |"r),b.t t, /on that he did his fith-r/' j!?0!513"1 hare the piety |i h- ; ; .,tus rhgion of Jesns. Darvall was a "T001 WGrhcr, who, in I >D1 lie ',s test of his K i-i p"ec-|c8 of his patience SeliooJ— aud one //I. r,r'l£t. his quainai ttories 1 ' I lyer,er'C0a. From that B3, - a r ; I / -Vt5ara he was never R "-e C-- teep arom | -o?" " , Ror> t> which he j ,';p0lrt nverllowine with j W'; 1 5t5rdt3 w'th know-! K. ltl-ir -is CM--11 ln hi.3 younger! L:- T t?16n ancf I P-tsencB i R,bid to forgt't his I m / i bls hind words, find I who will show that they slill regard with pleasure some token of hrg thoughtful oare for them— -be it a Testament, a Bibl«t or some other gocd book vfoich they received rrom his hands ? He hns done much towards implanting the religion of Jesus and the principles of his denomination in this town. He was the originator of this 'Christian church, -and he has borne a 'heavy share of the offoit to erect this beautiful structure, which has been, and will con tinue to be, a strong centre <of light in this new land. As an honored deacon of this church, his memory wrll be long and lovingly cheriehed. We do not grieve to-day at his departure, because we know th"it ke has been transferred to the? higher service, but we -So feel that by his removal this church has snffered an irreparable loss. By 'his removal I -ven ture to say that this town and neighbor hood have suffered great loss, too; fur in 'him we miss a strong witness for'G-cd and His trufe — a stamp of man -of whom, alas, there are loo few. Nor should we omit to speak of 'that much-loved work of -his which he <1J5 as lion. sec. of the Beechworth auxiliary of the British £nd Foreign Bible 'Society. 'Tie loved that Eouiety with an ardent -affection, and brought to his share'df the 'work a zea and generosity which 'could -not be surpassed. It becomes me as president rif that auxiliary to cay how much his presence, his work anaxounBel are missed in all our meetings. It would fail me -to'tell how dp.eply'"his loss is felt byms all. For tbe life of sncb a '' servant -of the Lord" we areaii tbe richer, and in the steady results which must follow the' Christian service which our dear friend rendered "'Ha being dead, yet- epeaketh." You, youDg people who are-present to-night knew Mr Dar- vall. Yen know if what I say is true. Imitate<him, as' he imitated Christ. II. Simeon's reward : A peaceful de parture. " Lord now lttbest Thon Thy servant depart hi peace." "Did this peace -refer totthe body or'the soul?; Was it- release from servitude1'? Was it to say 'that 'the death of Simeon was; calm an3 peaceful'? - &o; fades a summer cloud awajr; So sih'its the gale when storms are o'er ; ; So gently Bhuts the eye of day: ; So dies a wave along the shore. j It may have been so, yet Simeon does! j no'i 8 1 ways die peacefully in this sense: s for at thnes the poor body is racked wit! , pain, and goes oat in an agony ; while the unjust and ungodly, scarcely knowinj L pain at all, pass out into tbe doJi without a sigh. VEes, it may bave beer ( a peace- of body, a painless 'death ; btil rather -does the peace referred to mean tb< peac6 -of the soul. Of the poor body , little becd need be taken; its longesi .. night <i£ -anguish will soon -pass, if onlj there becpeace in!:the soul. 'That peac£ may dwelE in the seal, though the body writhe in agony, acd such peaceful de- ; parture is .given to . -all the right ions aocj devout, 3 every servant 6f the Lord; It is tha-reward of every Sioeon. H 1 was our friend's rewtrd. j And what is it which gives this peace"? When the-sands ef the glass are all bat : ran out, -then the sou.!, standing at the border which separates this " land from the Heavenly Caoaap., looks' behind and -before. The retrospect has-trc regrets no remorse. The prospect is fall of ;hope and promise. Hare is the sourcq ef the Foul's peace, anfc this is tfc9 peacq which floweth " as a river," even the "Peace of God which passeth all under standing" which has coma.to our-Svtneon's seal. Yea, jpeace indeed was that, in tee possession of which he cortlJ say, and did say-— il leave the - world without a tear, t3ave for the friends I'-feeld so "deer. There was one other grou-ad of the soul's pe&ce;, if it be cat the foundation drthese grounds already cited, viz. : — To /have seen the Lorcf-E salvation — " For mine eyes bave seen thy salretion." Sow true it is, brethren, that your peaceand mine can have no other foundation -than His, that our ayes shall cee our sal vation, that we shall see in it-he babe of Belhlebnm our Saviour, being enabled, like Sire6on, to do so by the VKumination and inward promptings of that Holy Spirit whose office it is to lead nnto all truth. The lesssns of oci dbroiher'ft ilifoihftfS, been quietly and impreasivoiy urged upon us whilst he was yet with as. 1\. We could not trail to observe the steadfastness with which he trod the path heaven. 'To me aG least, there was always that about him which seemed to say, " Be ye steadfast, unmovabie, al ways abounding in the work of the Lord, fcrasmuch as syo know that your labor is not in vain in the Lord." 2\. The power of religion, its strength, it3 comfort, its joy, its blessedness, is never so well -understood as when praeticilly displayed in a life. Tke religion of the Lord Jesus Christ was tbe spring of that si&engtk; which carried Mr DarvaT through a life full of duty and care, and by its aid he has finally triumphed! 3\. And yet another lesson we draw from this usefal life, viz., always to be readv for Christ's Berviae. If, brethren, you do not agree with me in some things which have been said, I am sure that yon are with me here. Our brother was '"'Always abounding in the work of the Lord." Was it a class which needed a teacher, was it a service tc be con ducted, was it a visit to the sick, or a philanthropic institution to bo supported, was there a call for a contribution from his pen, was there a letter of advice or of condolence to be writtsn (and he knew bow to writa a letter), then yon would never appeal to him in vain. We think to-day with warmest sympathy of his family, who will sadly miss his wise and loving counsels, and who will now treasure his words, which they will often recall. Them we cnmraeii'd, as he did, to the Heavenly Father's care. Ob, friends, who, in devotion to Christ, will fill this good man's place ? Who, having seen tbe Lord's salvat'cn, wi!l hold up the Saviour to others ? I am persuaded that his example will never be loefc upon his children ; shall io be loet upon bis church ? God gr.ict that it may not bo 1 Adieu, da&'r servant of onr common Lord) until we meet thee in Heaven, : wham ibou wilt do as h?ra, point out to mea tVe Redeemer. Yes, to speak of honored titles ana rewards: Wh&fc; an I honor that the aged Saint Simeon shonld have lingered long enough to welcome (if we may so speak) and to announce the grand advent ! Why, that devout man trod iu tho fresh footprints of the Heavenly Hoe$. the masi<s of whose annunciation song of " GHory to God" and peace ta hkq had scarcely died wway. Such men have always been itonored and rewarded by God, even here. Meanwhile, we know eat what -honors and rewards He will confer upon them hereafter when they shall " stand in their lotatttheend of fthe days" when they shall "shine as the stars for ever and ever:;" when the righteous judge shall give to them a " crown -of righteousness q" and when they shall " sit down at the marriage supper of the L»mb." Than shall their cup of biossing be full-. -Amen. 