Queel Roanuoltqd. INTILODUOTORY. IT is worth atear, it is worth an hour, To think of things that are well out 'worn Of fruitlase husk and fugitive flower, The dream forgone, and the deed forborne ? YEs, it was a ghost-the ghost of a dead romance, of a dream, on ;whose white face I had looked down many a year beforie, scattering over i's cold heart the flowers of a life, the longing and trust and passion of youth, to be buried with it, to bloom on earth no more. A ghost ! It followed me home through the rainy midni-rht streets, and- up the. stlirs to my dingy London lodgings. ItTlooked at me out of the rod cinders of the dying fire, wih sad eyes full of memories, until I could bear it no longer, and Id laid down my pipe, and broke the' picture up with a drea y laugh, trying to think of some thing else--to forget., V-?ain-vain I It would not let me rest. Will it, in the years that are coming, I wonder ? dhall I ever forgot ? What took me there that night-my last up in the great, glittering, dreary world's fair ? And why had I not rather gone baclk to theo gray old cathedral town I had left seven days before, and lot the sorrowful ;,past 'aat alone in its grave ? .Who koltnowR . i had finis .:; the work that brought me tu the great throb bing city. LT .' its streets I knew 'no hutnau being with 'w'om to exchange a word. IThe slow hours hung heavy on my hands; and so I wont out into" the wet, cloudy evening and drifted into the first place of mutiical entertainment 1 came across, and there I saw a ghost. It sat in a box near the stage, dressed all in white, alone-a woman with a singular and exquisite face, pale as the white fire of the diamonds that 'glittered on her breast-a :?sorrowful woman, sitting alone, .and leaning her head upon her :;hand. '.That was my ghost. My heart leaped up suddenly within me, and as I leant forward, eagerly watching her, somehow the theatre seemed to fade: away, and all its lights and I s.ounding voices. I seemed to hear the whistleof a keen antum ;iill wiud through the branches :of.:a nond. the fallen leaves .,rustling under foot, the melan choly piping of the birds, the soft sweet voice of a girl speak ing "my name. Presently the r lady with the diamonds lifted '.her `:head from her hand, and, turning round, by some chance, looked me straight in the eyes. .... O1: fair: woman! Matchless face ! White rose of the world ! The old pain thrilled fiercely in 'my veins at sight of you-the soar of the old wound throbbed :and burned. Through a mist of tears the days canoe back that wore before I had seen you ' calm, gray, contented days; bifore I maddened over the soul, Sthe passion that were in you ,but not for me. ° And the seasons had come and gone haid brought with them doubt s'.aiid waiting and pain-hopes unfilfilled - parting - love - ,deatlh. After many days they ,brought you once again into my I iif,--far off, cold, a stranger. 8trangers always now, until we die, must we two be; then, perhaps, you will know me better, and the love I bore you .-shall bear you.for ever and I Severl. 