GJ1NERAL NEWS. /."-/' < — Cs t;,Jt ' - ' 'Tiitl'iTjfAliriAnoo n'.C.— The wbole of tbo mombbrfi- of tho Wallaroo JTootbail Oltlll will, it is expected, turn up at tho old post- ofltoo iliia ovpning for it run. A start will bo in'ndo at 8 o'clock. Post a r, Inkteotions. — Mr. W. Woolcoolc, "t KeT&sfcmiTsterof; Jioctchaniptowi bad roturnbd to town, after having ilnisbod an oXlmustivo inspootion of tho post oilluoH at Barculdinii, Alpha, and Jericho. Mr. Woolcuet'a teport is a satisfnotory onoT" , n |a SEAHONAnbE" ' Ut in'.— Tho" ' or'pbanngo oKildrcn nro again indebted to Mr. Frank 7fi|iU-f9V.a ,v;ory gonorous donation ,pf boots, iwiirsooks. 'Bvory'cb.ild in'.tbo.iustltution is Supplied, and, in addition,' 'with a nico little 'prospnt.of, liiapuits and Ipllios,. (1 (, . : . ,, |A Hull 'BiiAin!— -Tlio' smoil arising from tlio- diain at tho 'cormir of ,! Hast and JJerliy stlcgtsvpvjt an pdourAy.hiolvdoosi not pdi'- Cicdiitrly remind pro .of Mr. JSngono BrimuieTa . parPilmoty; " When tlib horrt uf tbo siinis at' its aomo, tliis is espeoialiy riotiiioitblii. ' 1 ' Land Selection. — Wo wore" informod at tho Lauds OlKco yesterday, that uiuchsoloct- inb is going on along tho central railway lino. .Nuinbei's of, persona: aro nenv, out ox-, amining the ground, and no loss than fivo applications have been, 'undo, since .tlio hold ing of the last Land Court. ; friie: Government' iNBi'Bcn.'oR of Stock. — Too Government Chief Inspector of Stock (Mr/nrdijin) . .Will rtrd vo at IjkicliliiHupton.to- . day, por tlio stoamor jflar'cbo/rtnil' wltli ,Cap-.' tain,, pal vert, )vill at onep. pi;peecd. with, tho, tnho'ouiiitioh' of !tyfor.;9-mpntbsxpifl.:. calves wjtlvyirps IJor pldufpnpiimonin..', ' IRookiiami'ton . Stook: ExcilANOE,-r-iT.hcro Avis, no mooting of the;piemborB of tlio Honk-' hiimptoA Stock ISkehango yesterday. , Wo liqay,ih9w.iwor,;that niiuing bnsinoss in town: is! Arm, and'.thatthero, aro .indications of wliolesalo transactions in scrip during tlio coming week. !'J#iii''®6iifei:XBr.B'- ®ond.— Wo have boon rofptested'tb'' State that1 tho , 'amount now eoTe'ctcd i in/Ttoul:liauipton on behalf of tho .TIomo„Ruln Fund has exceeded JSOuO, and )thnh, ,,0.11 hough .Mr., Jolin Dillon is leaving -lliq town, -the list Will remain, open some time longer,:/, The whole of the subscriptions will tbooiibe. sent io "tho.. general , seorptary in Hubiin: !: . ' - i rUJllUr/ vXJUlvT, lul, IVi xv. LfttiYUItrily G.I. > avas'!the;> solo occupant of tho bench on Saturday. Martin IConny, arrested the pre vious night for drunkenness, was discharged, tlio, Sub-iilapeotor, having stated tho man was' just out of the Hospital, and that he was still Buffering from rheumatism. Joseph .-Scott, for tho sumo olfonco, was lined XI or recorded against him. jnjpwneit Wanted.— Some few days, ago |the'llockhainpton police found a horae stray- ing,at the fopt of the range near .William? - street, and at once secured possession of the animal. On its back was it saddle in good condition, and tho bridlo was also in iirst- clagp..prder. Many olforts havo been mado to jdjovev the owner of the, property, but so far the endeavours have bcou fruitless. The horse is a, bay with a bald while face, and iB registered 70A. j Hosi'itat, Report.— Tho following is tho report of tho hospital for week ending 'line 1,4, 1889 : Admitted : males 9/ females 4 ; discharged; males 10, females 5 ; remaining ip : males 51, females 17, total 08. The Rosidciit'Suigeon acknowledges.' with, thanks tho receipt of case of orangos from Mr. F. II. flobler, also llowors from W.C.T.U. Flower -Mission, and St. Paul's Gnild. Alossrs. B. Fnhoy, j. A. Holdsivorth, and S. W. Ilartley ; are tho Visiting Committee, f j Inspeotor Kit, ham.— It may bo ' of in- ! : torcst 'to'- many of our country renders to learn that the arrangements mndo by tbo Department of Public Instruction for t-'ho ux- iLmination of the schools in . this district have undergone considerable alteration. Air. Kilhaiu1 will couflno himself to all schools along tlio, coast, but will travel as l'ar nprth 1 As' Bowed, while Mr. Canny the newly ap pointed Inspector, will oxamino all schools sitAated on 'or 'off tlieeeutral linepnnd'going AsMar Sopth as Charlcville. . ' ' 1 ; Tlaiv, weatjier.-- Tlio"wbathor during the pa!st 48 ihdufs lias remained substantially unchanged The temperature has certai nly bqqu ftbovp that iisually pxpoeted hero at this' time ,o.f ; tlio year, the heat at times having proved as sultry as that usually experienced jnntlie suminer. months. On Saturday tho maximum heat' in tho shndo was 705 and the hiiWininin 01, ''but at times, in tho sun, 'this record was, ' of course, quite low. No rain had fallon, and from tho telegraph office i reports the- elements wore fine throughout tho ontirp,distiiot. For tho 24 hours ending P ta,m. yesterday, the samo conditions pre vailed, 'hut the barometer is 'unstchdy, nnd . in.AQino .place.? noar the coastline showers inay be looked for and oxpoctcdi ' "' i The New Municipai, Reserve. — Some ' long timo ago tho municipal authorities of Rookhnmpton decided upon throwing open, ' as a public reserve and recreation ground that parcel of land adjoining the Council Chambors, and facing Bolsovor-stroat. Tho matter was first of all. suggostod by Mr. G. S. Curtis, aud roforrcd to the General Pur poses Committee by the council. That com- mitteo decided to recommend the idea to tho pourcil for adoption, and the Works Com mittee wore asked to report, as to cost, detail Ac. Many weeks havo olapsod , since then, anil still nothing lias been done. Snroly, ,wilh tho aid of tho new town shrvoyor (Mr. T. Pnrkor), tho dignitaries of this branch of phe council could see their way clear to sugqost soiiie course for the aldermen to take.' The .oxpouso will bo but trifling to do . everything that is required, whilst the boon the publie would enjoy would l'uore than coTipuesato tho couuoil for the little thought tlioy would ha /a to devote to tho matter. \- Gracf.mere AaRicur.tintai, Snow. — The exooutive' of tho Gracomoro Agricultural Slioiv have received a communication from the Government lo the effect ti nt it will not ho possible for the travelling dairy to visit Roekliampton at an earlier date than the .month of April, 1S9U. This information has caused a considerable amount of annoyance and disappointment to tho various parties concerned, as the usual annual show of 1889 has he'uii purposely delayed, in order that amongst the various items of interest, tho 'travailing dairy might form one. However, .the authorities have decided to chew the end of ' disappointment, and proceed with tho arrangements for holding this year's exhibi tion, and stops are being taken to bring tho affair off within the next four wooks at tho latest, as it is feared a number of exhibits will he removed if the opening is much longer delayed; A Supposed Leper. — Some short time ago we were informed of the existence of a Chinese leper at a certain place in one of the country districts, and for obvious reasons refrained from commenting upon the fact, as it was thought steps would have been taken to have had the man medically examined and at once removed to quarantine. This course has not, however, been carried out, as it is understood tho so-called leper had suddenly disappeared. On Saturday, however, Mr. lnspoctor Morrisset received a telegram from Sergeant Bowen, at Springsure, who wired to the effect that the supposed leper had turned up at Planet Downs. Constable Cafferty had wired from Rolleston that the man woidd not be able lo walk into Spring- sure, aud he (Sergeant Bowen) had instructed Cafferty not to lose sight of the invalid but to do all in his power to get him towards Springsure us quickly as possible. We understand that steps are now being taken to have the Chinaman examined by a medical officer and to cause his removal lo a place of safety without further delay. Educationao. — Mr. Inspector Kilham wRV | ongagod tlio whole of Saturday morning In I examining tho work of tlio drawing clauses I for teachers, 'and pupil teiMhurs, conducted I in tli e Central Boys' School by F. W. Smith, Mr. Kilham has lnul a complete sot of draw ing-models made for tho use of these cissies, and Wo hope wo shall havo tho pleasurd of chronicling shorbly il satisfactory report of , lie work done. . St. Pa (i t's ClIOfH.— About 30 uiuinlient nf" tlio newly "organised choir inet at the church on Saturday evening for practice, and if tho attendance . and enthusiasm displayed on that occasion is any- criterion cf fnturo practices, tho success of the clioir JjkMild bo assiired. To-night- nnothor , take place rib tho phurch at 8 o'clock Vnarp, when it is to bo hoped there will be un oquiilly good attendance. ' A. DisaURTiNU FiiMiOw. — A man of mature .ago but of decidedly drunken liabitB, was, on Saturday, arrcstod l>y Senior-constable J. J. Williams for having mode use of filthy and iilipminahlo lnngiingo at tho intersection of ' DOiihatn and Alma streets, Thu delinquent's hnJ/iic !b Georgo Sixamithj and tlio officer, who 'is in plain clothCB at tho time, had con- ' \- Bidcrrible diflionlty in ' effecting- n, capture of n tho' baochanalian'. delinquent. It is to. ho hoped tliat the Policd Magistrate will take stringent measures to put down the too pre- prcvn!iiig;praotic6 of swearing and making use of obscene lnnguago in our streets, : jbai'ttbmaj, Service.— A baptismal service wari'held at the Denison-streot Baptist Cliapol - latt evening, tho Rev. J. Glover being tho 'officiuting pastor. Tho rev. gentleman took liiji text front Eph. 4 Y,— " One .Lord, one faith, one baptism." During tho pregressof lii's ditdourso Mr.- Glovor reviewed nt con- siderahlo length the form and roligiouB mean- - ing of tlio baptism of tlio child according to th'o ritcd of other denominations, and held ' that " infant sprinkling " was not altogether In! accord with the demands iniulo by the Soripturos. Ho pointod out that in the laot of obligations of. Christianity being cnBtupon au infant whoso understanding was such as : to prohibit it from thoroughly comprehend- . big tlio sacred responsibilities with which it was endowed, was in itsolf a sufficient argu- ; luent against such a baptismal rite. IIo : .thought that in tho caso' of baptism tho ordi nance should bo coforrod only upon persons of more mature ago whoso own intolligenco . would cnahlo theui to understand the true stated that porsons wishing to bo baptised in tho Baptist Chapel could do so without their iuourring the responsibility of leaving tho Churches in which they had boon brought up ; and that tho exccutivo of the Baptist denomination would ho only too happy to con fer tlio sacred rito upon those individuals who desire to be baptised in the name of tho Father, of the Son, and of the Holy' Ghost. At thu closo of tho service two candidates for baxitisin weru received and- duly- baptised. \- Music nnd hymns appropriate to such a cere mony wore effectively rendered by tho con gregation. " Subscribers' to this journal arc reminded that subscriptions are strictly piiyablo in advance, and that unless arrears aro paid . up we cannot undertake to continue to for ward the paper after tho expiration of tlio current quarter, June 30. Just opened, a magnificent display of fashionable gold and silver jewellery, com prising all tho latest . novoltics such as car- rings, bracelets, liooklcts, lockets, trinkets, diamond rings, drees rings, signot i'ings, en gagement rings, wedding rings, nnd keepers W. Q. J. Edgar, East-street, Roekliampton. 