SPORTINQ GOSSIP ' By <rCxtAKBnobk.( fl Mr Bicbard Cos, of Di-hgztowMe, near Wagga, has purchased tbe fllOtiA Geno? for US2. Stevt! Drodir, tbeAmmcancbunnltewMB' jumptr, it is stated, is going over toaBftdH : tueuim the clisnneL fa Victoria aloof, aa adnrtised io fis V.R.C. Calendar, 2? race meetingt aietetl bela in Victoria on Easter Manday. , Mr Dsn Marue, <4 Sentind fame, «utzls bach tiis lisrsr, Colonel, to run aaytlsagll training in Dathuretfor 1<100 ortipwardv. v.. 11\. Tjbballs, the first man u ho trained "Olfi 4 Malooa," the celebrated son of St,' Alhadfc- . 6ut;c5>la-t xretk. u C. HuLchene, who steered The Asyrianfin victory in a Melbourne Con, n at tnrahl trainer. He has eevorat jionipa otnblcd ml Will. am' Hotel, Atcol Yale. "Wijot's tD4t£ they lor>lr 1'lre racing. J.MtfreeorstUic Mount Gambler Battl' last week won the douHc, Hurdle Kate and Strffili-diue. tire former with Pacific lay Paafct and the latter on Kautbarn, a sen of As!anbe» g'jfl. Kumor stales that Livcn>ou1, by King of ; Clubs from fdatia, whocaruc over , here adSM fexv j mm Lack with the oUnra of tlie liasu If, lxotou-ons team and coat 625 gu:/ieas as n Yearling, was B'iid recently for 2S«uineas. Training is Apparently nut all beer and; skit lite, at any rate around EieminRton, If Mr Blanks s statement to snc tlie oilier day 8m Correct, and whv should it L> doubted ? fb raid fiii outplandmg accounts amounted ' to more hundreds than 1 could count on oncofny hando. Hot. H. Munto will prubalily l»-ave forAddaidn i-hoitly, xxliere lu- will resume the poet he pre- I'lruety occu|Mf-a sxitu Mr u. JL. Ma earmold, xx hen that frenllrtnnti coiumcuces traiuing oiK-r.'ituure. I hnie lliry tvill soon send «f ixtiother Hortense nlotig. A proniisii R Jight-xveight jockey, named fl, Taylor, who has been associated with Mi fl. - G. CouU'n traiuing stable, lias throan in his l't with Mr Kobtrt Sevior, of NVirmarinb Dob is one of our oldest trainers, and in has time has brought out s me good J.ids, uotaUy J. Williamson and It. Itnmage. When strolling around Flemington the other day 1 noticed l'ranlc M'Namara hsclcing throb of Mr It. Donovan's yearlings. Standing quite c1osf t» the railway line a loosing train nod no 011 an oid-t ime Carl too cab champion. Seeing tluii their trainer has only bad them in liafln siv wct-lu it bhoxxa that fie undcratanus his business. £'i»xvn in tlio Western district there xvouhl a|iirear to be at least on-- good horae— and hoxx- many more I should like to know — wfio to, certain to be found going fur Graud National hcnor«. He is known ns Young Sussex, and was got by th» best all-round performer VS have ex ci liad ia Australia, Sussex by Graud- master. At the Kapunda races held List week, t notice that Don Quixote, one of ' our old-time hurdlers core, mm the Hurdle Race. Sir Joseph, by Winterlalcr, ns second to the ron of Quickatep, and subse quently nnnexr-d the Steepfcchnse, Age can not wither nor custom stale, seems to hold pood with good ones. Tire lhilce of Portland is caught at last in the toils of Cupid. Miss Yallas Ycrke ib the fortunate lady xviio has «cured a j>rize thai has so long made the mouths of all the match making mammas water. Tire lady lundon paper, inottierle»s. Tlie verWal fur his good luck, and it dowHgH fake him even in matrimony. The Nexx market Drag Hunt comes roMMBBB at the close of the present season. years Mr Abington has borne tlie Areioio ec pen«e connected with the Drag, the trainen, jockeys and a fcxv fanner-! doing the riding Ratt. It is nnix- proposed to establish Stag otinds in place of tlie Drag. This will be rather an expensive affair, but already nearly LSOOO luxfi b-eu nromised. On Saturday last the Maffra Agricultural Society's Show xx-ahclct. In the blood section the names nf such aniii.jih as Commotion, Tbo Gondolier and Fryingivin appeared. Tire first prize went to AiJesbury by Patriarch— Mi?» Lcuey. The other horses shomi in tbo above class xvere Loth ur, who gained sooad honors, King Tom third prize, and Golden Drop and Huglienden. Iti.sjust u hundred years ago, on 28 tb February, 1769, that the famous racehorse Eclipse gax'e up the ghost. The centenary of rt-hat event suggests tlie reflection that iu aplfee of nil tlie clrenges of a century there it. at least one English institution whiub remains essen tially unchangfd— ' The Turf. Taking a general view of this latest Altar meeting, I think (>ats a vriter in the Globe) 1% may be fairly quoted as hhovving that all coursing is still much on the decline in popu larity. For a xvliile endowed coursing tbrea: tened to nearly swamp if it did not qnite supersede open sj-ort. It appears that it has weakened the old-fashioned bmxincas almosi fatally, and is itself a (ailing institution. The gelding Wabkn, who won the T'abletop. Stakes and T lying Handicap at the tare meet ingof the Albury Hacing Club, has been matchl to run Mr Haley V Will o the Wisp ever half a mile, for L200 aside, at Euroa, Wabba to caro lfct., and concede 2st to Ids opponent. The date ha8 not yet been fired. .. John Gorrv, a well-knoxvn jockey, vai arrested in tieelone last v.eek on a warrant charging him with having d'serted his illegiti mate child at Casterton on 1st Marcli, and waaiuufreuin zne iccai iocK-up. oorry was discovered driving the coach between Geeloog and Ocean Grove. When arrested he had isi his possession n sum of Lift Hs abank. deposit receipt for L100, a siJvt-r xvatch and other articles of x-aIup. 