ACCIDENTS AND OFFENCES. Eugene Lock has been committed to take his trial at the Wagga Quarter Sessions, to be held on February 5, on a charge of f orgiag and utter ing a cheque for £4- 10s on November 23, at Whitton. The natives of the Gascoyne district (W.A.) are becoming troublesome. They have committed raids in several places on sheep, driving1 off flocks of from 300 to 900 at a time. At the Parramatta Police Court yesterday, Edward Gibbs was fined 40s or fourteen days for using' obscene language in a railway carriage. James Blenheim received a similar sentence lor using bad language. - W. Hamilton and B. Snarey, fisherman, wore fined heavily on Friday at Albury Police Court for a breach of the Inland Fisheries Act in using bag nets. An inquest was held on Friday at Yarrunga, bear Moss Vale, upon the body of William Noyce (a Vernon boy). The jury found that the deceased met his death by drowning ; bnt that there was no evidence to show whether it was the result of accident or otherwise. Mrs. Dean, the wife of a blacksmith at Kenmore. near Goulburn, was seriously injured ©n Thursday through a horse bolting down an embankment. She was caught by the wheel in trying to jump out of the trap, and was cut and bruised terribly. In- one wound in the thigh, which was torn open, nine stitches had to be put. A baby was pitched out of the buggy, but was not hurt. The girl Large, who was severely burned on Thursday, in consequence of lighting a fire with kerosene, died from her injuries on Friday. A child named O'Gorman, residing with her parents, at Kiama, died from paralysis en Friday, brought on by a shock to the nervous system on seeing a ' ghost' in a -juvenile game. William Slattery, who was injured in the rail way accident at Saudringham (Vic.), on Thurs day, had so much recovered as to be able to leave the hospital on Friday. * An extensive fire took place near Donald (Vic), on Friday, in consequence of a man lighting a fire to boil bis billy. The fire spread to a growing crop which it entirely destroyed, when it passed to tne next holding^destroying the crep, dwelling house and outbuildings. Seven children who were in the house were only saved by being run into a lake in a buggy. A man named John Morris was thrown from his horse at Bundarra on Christmas Ere, and killed. He leaves » widow and five children. The jury who eat at the inquest on a young man who was drowned while bathing at Wollon gcms commented favorably on the gallant conduct of John Sneddon, in his attempt to rescue the deceased. At the request of the jury the coroner will lay the matter before the Eoyal Humane Society. . John Kelly, a driver, residing at 21, Belview fitreet, Bedfern, was admitted to the Sydney Hospital by Dr. J1. T. Wade this morning-, entering severely from the effects, of a bale of wool falling upon him. He was carting wool at 'Miller's Point, when one of the bales fell on him. He sustained, injuries to his chin, left hand, back and chest. . ? ';. . On Thursday night a inau iamed -John Smith was found dead on the Abbey Greenrroad, near Singleton. It was stated at the inquest that the deceased was under the influence of drink in the morning, and lay exposed to the sun for some hours, and died of heat apoplexy. A miner named John Wilson died in the Sew-- i castle Hospital on Friday night. He had been arrested for drunkenness on Wednesday night, and was taken ill in the lockup, and had to be removed to the hospital, where he died. The body of John Tuston, who was drowned in the Sepean on Thursday, was recovered on Fri-? day. A magisterial inquiry is to be held to day. Mr. Perrott, Police Magistrate at Waratah, was thrown from his horse on Friday. The animal was frightened by a passing train. Mr. Parrot* was severely shaken, but able to ride home. At about half -past 3 o'clock yesterday after noon a small fire was discovered in a shed situ ated at 54, Dixon-street, owned by Messrs. Thomp son Bros., of Moore-street, and occupied by Mr. Michael Lannon, a bottle merchant. The shed and a quantity of straw envelopes were damaged by fire and water. The flames, which were sup posed, to have been caused through a lighted match being carelessly thrown down and igniting some straw, were extinguished by the M.F.B., assisted by the inmates with backets of water. 