SMRS. BAUEYBRTZ'S MISSION. Mrs. BSeyeris, the convekted Jews, cemm menced an eight days' mission in tnis tpwn on Sunday last. when she officiated both morning and evening in the Conaregational Church. The lame of the eloquent little lady had evi dently preceded her, for at both services there were large congregations; in fact, in the evening everyseant was filled-some of them on comfoetably so. She has a most earnest and engaging style, and her appeals appeared to have great effect upon many of her bearers. In the morning the preacher selsetod as her text the passage contained in the iii. of Bevel ations from the 14th to the 21st veras (in elnsive). The passage, she said, referred directly to the Christian Chrebh-the living memhers of which it was composed. God sent a message to the onaverted men and women in that building that morning-" I know thy works." Jeens Christ gave His people credst for everything they did for Him, for He knew all about it. hbut He had said, "So then beeaose then art luke.warm,andneither cold nor hot, I will spne thee out of My month."' Some were atiasfied with the way they were going, aad did not think of their position. They should stop and think where they were. The Laodi coans were working for Christ, hut they had oft their first love and made works their Brst object; therefore, their works were distaste. I"'. Christ did not like luke-warm people, for He wanted devotion of heart and life. The mightiest men and women were those who re freshed Jeens Christ by devotion to His blessed person. Some of them were rob bing Christ of Hit reward by their Ioke warmness, and she asked them to give Him the rightful place in their hearts. He said, " Beloved, I stand st the door and knook:" and many Christians themre were who had Christ outside their hearts. He did not want them to live their life and exclude Him, and they could easily find ont from the Bible whether they had only party taken Him into their lives. Some people were like a door on hinges, swaying backwards and forwards. Christ did not force them to open the door, but He was there knooking. If they wanted to get thefaUllness of the bleassing they should cast all doubtful things away from them. It Brisbane some people had withdrawn their children from dancing, and othera had com. pletely altered their visiting-lists. Good as they were they could be still better, and there were greaterblessings waiting for them, How much were they going to give up that morn ing? Would they open the door and clear away the rubbish that was keeping it shut? He said, "If any man hear my voice, and open the door, I will come in to him, and will sup with him, and he with Ms." Christ would go into their hearts, and live their lives with them. Would they go and enter into that life and work for Him ? It was said, " To him that overcometh will I grant to sit with Me in My throne," &o.; It was well worth while to be a Christian for the blessed nees it brought in the present, bhut it was better for the life that was to come. She hoped that God would bless every one of them, and not let them rest until they knew that He was in their hearts. In the evening, Mrs. Baeyertn based her remarks anent the "Unpardonable Sin" apon the first portion of John iii., detailing the in terview between Jasas Christ and Nioodemsos. a ruler of the Jews. The being born again meant a new life, and the receiving of the new life involved the reception of JSuns Christ. They had to be born sgain because the natoral heart was at enmity with God, and they had to receive a new heart so that they would love God. The unpardonable sin was sin against the Holy Ghost, and no Christian could com mit it. From the 4th chapter atof Genesis right through to the end of the Bible there was the unpardonable sin running through it, and people were warned against it, for those who committed it never obtained forgiveness is this world or the next. It was noblasphenous utteranes as many imagined, but it wam an anot of will. They werefreeagents, andthey could put God away from them. What was the sinf It was the saying of "No No I No 1" once too often-deliberately turning from the Holy Ghost. Any unconverted person could com mit the sin, and she did not want any of them (her hearers) to wake some morning, and find that they were past redemption. They should not leave God behind them that evening, for it was possible to sin the Holy Ghost away from them for ever. That sin showed itself is two ways. It called out the malignity of the human heart against God; it showed hatred to Christ and all Christias; and them was no restraint placed upon. a man after the Holy host had passed away from him. A man or woman woutd have to be desperately bad be fore God gavethem up Another way the sin mauitested itself was in altter indifference about their souls. Their was salvation for everyone with the exoeption of those upon whom God had set -is mark, and he said of them, "Let him alone; he is joined to his idols." There would never be forgiveness for them either in the present world or the next. Had she come to Ipwioh too late for anyone ? She had asked God to fi81 those seats with persons to whom He wanted the message sent, and He was speaking to them. In any man or woman who committed that sin there was no feeling, but, if any felt the slightest fear that they had, there was hpe for them--the Holy Ghbost had not left them. If they had the slightest desire, they should cherish it, and not let it go. If they did, perhaps, some day, their lamp would go out, and they wond he left in the dark eavern of ain. Why could not that sin be forgiven ? Because man threst away from him the only remedy that was provided for him. The Hesavenly Father said "Look and live," but they re fosed to do so. Were they goIng to risk their preioane souls hy stying " No"' If they wanted fergivennsees, their Father, who wanted to save them, was waiting to forgive them. They shemld not pnt it off till the morrow, but decide that evening, and go into the school room, where she would join them at the close of the service. The hymns were of an ap propiats charaoter, and the address was a most impressive one-so munobh so that many ac cepted the invitation of Mrs. Baneyerta and had an interview with her after the bulk of the large eongregation had departed. At'Mres. Baeyertz's midday prayer.meeting, yesterday, in the School of Arts, there were nearly 100 persons present, and there was a good attendance at the Congregational Cbhurch in the afternoon. At both servioes she gaveearnest addresses, which were listened to with the deepest attention, 