EASTER MANOEUVRES. AT THE NATIONAL PARK. A MARCH PAST.- THE NEW DRILL LESSONS. (BY TELEGRAPH0 (FROM OUR OWN REPORTER) National Park, Monday Evening,— As long as we wear her Majesty's uniform it seems only fair that we should get the Queen's weather too. So far we have been favored with bright sunshine and cool breezes by day and stillness and repose by night. There was some rumor yesterday of a midnight attack, and when we turned in we surrounded ourselves with a barricade of stop watches and lucifer matches, to say nothing of candles stuck in beer bottles and breastworks of wearing apparel all ready for use at a moment's notice. Somebody said that two ships, suspiciously like the Wol- verene and the Ajar, had been seen sneaking about the shores of Botany Bay, and if Captain Hixson had not toned down since the last time he weighed anchor with his lusty blue-jackets there would be trouble before the night was over. This was all very well for the youngsters, but tho old campaigners amongst us sighed in spirit, not necessarily whisky, when they contemplated the possible havoc that a gunshot or a bugle-call in the darkness would . work iu their respec tive dreamlands ; so we slept with an open eye, and when at length the reveille opened both eyes, ami an early morning cup of coffee opened them still wider; we ourserl, not the gallant captain, but his ghost aud his phantom ships and lookod (or the man who bad set tho rumor afloat that we might deal with 'hiin after the manner, of our kiud. Tlie aurpriso did not come off Inst night and to-uight when perhaps it will we shall not expect it. To-day the camp has been gayer than over. Streams of visitors from town have been passing up and down the lines quizzing the army at drill, flirting with the army at leisure, admiring our can vas city and enjoying to the full the charms of our National Park. And who would not wish to see these peaceful citizens in the midst of their Easter holidays? Whatever they may think of the work of a division of soldiers in camp, they cannot fail to see that there is really a great deal of work going on. From sunrise to sunset the men are kept hard at it, and as for the cavalry troops — well it goes without saying that they are never done. To them the picnic resolves Itself into tho steadiest 10 days' work they perform to a year, for in addition to their drill they have their horses to groom, their stables to clean and their accoutrements to burnish, and this reminds me that we have two bodies of mounted men in camp— the Cavalry and tho Mounted Infantry— and that tho rivalry of the entire divisions is focused in them. Tho former take precedence over all our other regiments. They are the swells of our fores. Tho latter regard themselves as the most useful corps in the ser vice. Lord Wolseley called the Mounted Infantry the creme de la creme of the British array, however, and may be the authorities here, at all events, are disposed to develop them at tho expense of the Cavairy from whom partial payment has been withdrawn ; and this much is certain, that over the coastal country of New. South Wales they must prove of tho utmost utility in case of actual warfare. They are so well adapted to wooded hills and gullies, in which ordinary cavalry would appear at a great disadvantage. There is nothing particularly new or particularly interesting about the other regiments. The field bat teries give evidence of improvement since last theywere iy camp, aud if tho language of those bombardiers in the Perma nent Artillery has not improved since the night they kept me awake with its forcibility at alL events it has grown no worse. The Engineers have ntr.iutaitied their character for steady industry. They arc uot a largo hodv of meu, but anyone who knows thoir value must appre ciate them highly. A moro intelligent, active and, indeed, tugcuious company it would bo i impossible to bring together in tho colouy. Tho 4th Regiment, Colonel Stokes, brought over 600 men into camp, aud to say that they are' a credit to their officers and that thoso gentlemen are a credit to the district from whence they camo)9 but scuut justice. Mr. Gould, the Minister for Justice, is a major in the 4th and a a ardent in the cause of volunteering as in that of freetrade. The Medical Staff Corps also keep themselves in evidence. Surgeon-major Williams takes them out regularly for ambulance drill and is using tho encampment for the purpose of instruction in tho nrt of bandaging aud stretcher-bearing. This morning the General favored us with a inarch past aud afterwards turned tho various regiments loose on the treadmill of rudimentary drill. Regarded as a picturo, tho sight was pleating enough. Described iu detail I fear my readers will hardly appreciate it. Yet for thoso may be as well to state that the brigade wns drawn up iu line of quarter- columns, it then opened out to a distance of ISO pacos between battalions from the 1st Regiment which had 'subsequently whcelod into mass from the right. Tho march past was accomplished three tiuios, with tho division, each time in a different for mation. The General had taken up his place on the eastern sido of the road, which separates the broad parade ground from the encampment, and tho massed battalions were awaiting orders some distance away 10 the left. Then the bugle sounded, the word of command echoed down tho lines, aud the whole division moved off, the cavalry first, tho artillery next, then the mounted infantry, and after the ongineers, fol lowed in turn by tho four rcgimencs of infantry; whilst tlie medical corps, with its ambulance waggons, brought up the rear. In the first instance the cavalry rode in columns of troops, tho mounted infantry in columns of divisions, tbe artillery in- columns of batteries, anil tho foot soldiers marched past in columns. Returning, the cavalry aud mounted infantry roue in quarter- column, at trot ; whilst the infantry changed its formation from column to quartor-column, aud finally tho ground was coveted by all but the artillery iu line of columns. The General having expressed himself pleased with the per formance now loft the saluting-post, aud, ac companied by his staff, rode about the flold amongst the trroops. Tuo Line Regiments then changed frout, half-right ou the left battalion at 12 paces interval, and the officers took post in review order, whilst tho rogiraonts ad vanced in lino of columns, about 110 paces, aud gave a royal salute, taking the liuo from tbo general officer commanding. Tho different corps then proceeded to drill undor their respective chiefs, the Infantry per forming battalion movements, deploying iuto line, changing front, forming column and prac tising movements suitablu for the resistance of cavalry. And all this time tho cavalry were following exercises of their own. In another part of the field tho engineers wore digging gunpits nnd trenches, and the Mounted Infantry extending for attack, alternately advancing aud retiring aa tlie men dismounted and throw ing themselves full length on tho ground, fired volleys iu rapid succession. At length tho officer cotnmaudiug saw his enetny away out on the hills, to the east of the camp, aud immedi ately ordered his rnoii to seize the position. This was accomplished after a fearful struggle with bushes aud bags. Two divisions were then seut back to their lines and whilst they retired tho other two divisions kept up a perpetual fire Hutil they at length scamp'ered homo at a hand gallop. Meanwhilo the artillery were following au equally independent courso under tho com-- maud of Colouol Spalding, now changing front in quarter-left and coming iuto actlou against tho xnu9sed infantry battalions on the sloping ground beneath tlinm, thou changing frout again in quarter-left and coming into action against the cavalry, and Hubsoquoutly after1 annihilating amongst many other things an, old windmill, forming a line of batteries aud coming into action a thud time ngmust'tbo people on tho railway, nnd whon at length it was all over the front limbered up, formed a' column of batteries in close interval and re turned to camp. Tho movements were ad mirably performed and no one was more enthusiastic in tho praise of various troops than their most critical observers. Trtio to the principles upon which the mantmivrcs have boou planned, the troops are still kept to tho eloiuents of the new drill-book, and nothing in the nature of shatufighte bus as vet been countenanced. On Friday aud Satur day wo wore restricted to company drill, with just a flavor of freedom in the form of an occa sional skirmish. Wo have now advanced a stop lusher in tho lesson. This afleruoon we wero taken through the rudiments of attack of for mations, and thu men began to see the wisdom of the course which has characterised tho management of the encampmout throughout. Each regiment went ont under its own com mander, and under the supposition that the enemy in the immediate vicinity was awaiting tho onslaught, proceeded to attack under the rules prescribed by tbo new code, now advancing m open order as though endeavoring to cover us much ground ns possible, that the bullets might fall harmlessly botween tho troops ; and then closing up in a space as small as it hud previously been large, evidently with : the idea that it was tho turn of the bullets to thiu out at last and for tho men uguiu to cheat thom this time by adopting a contrary mode of procedure. As a matter of fact, that is pre cisely tho system upon which modern attack and defence are designed. The movement) havo been adjusted to the increased capacity of tho new weapons. Military science has measured tlie zonls of flio with as much accuracy as tlie wan derings of tbo planet. It is known that within a certain number of yards tho shots will full like a dense trail of stars over u narrow strip of country and that boyond thai, belt thoy will begiu to. spread until, ns they spend their strength, they will drop very wideiv apart. It is to meet tho first caso that the men Are extended so that the shot shall do a-i little damage as possible, and to meet the second tho troops are gathered within a small compass, in order that their battalions shall expose as little surface as may be possible for the play of tho balls. Tho movements were curried out with that intelligence that alone could be preserved from confusion. A whole division, a third of which had never seen a brigade drill before and quite two-thirds of which had never before taken part in any movements of four classes of arms, were en gaged as exemplified in the manouves of the morning. There were two 'slight casualties yesterday, but fortunately neither affecting life or limb. In one instance au artillery gnu carriago was driven against a stump, which tho driver was nnablo to see owing to tho denso clouds of dust through which tho troops had occasionally almost to grope theic way, and tho shaft v.as broken in cousequcnce. In the other instance the driver of an ambulance waggon whilst crossing a ditch was thrown off Ids scat, and his comrade, whilst attempting to rescue him, was also forcibly ejected. Both men weut up in the air liko a couple of footballs, and if they fell still moro forcibly they were lucky enough to fall on their feet, and neither were hurt. Later.— Tho surprise attack that we ex pected before daylight this morning is, I am authoritatively informed, to take place at 10 o'clock to-morrow morning, 