A PRAYER. By THI; REV. C. H. SITRGEOX. Our Father, Thou hast given us the privilege and right of acciss to Thyself, by making us Thy children. Now give us the power of access by the movement of the Holy Ghost upon our hearts. Draw us nearer to Thyself than usual. May this time of prayer be one which is better used than sometimes we have used the hour of audience. Help us to speak with Thee as a man speaketh with his friend, not only the one who speaks aloud, but may evtry child ot God feel that this is a happy hour, a time in which 'J lieu sayist, "Ask what tbon wilt and it shall be done unto thee." Behold. O. God. eveiv Ilezckiah who in ibis house would unfold Jlabshakeh's letter before the Lord. Hear Thou every Hannah, every woman of a sorrowful spirit who speaketh,though only her lips do move, unto the. Lord : and do Thou give her the answer of pe.-ice. Look 'Thou with kindly' regard upon every lowly one who scarcely dares lift up his eyes to the place where Thine honor dwelleth, but, sKiitis up,on his breast saying, God bo merciful to me a sinner." Give to every child of Thine the grace to say. " At this hour my God will hear me." Oh that we might come to this pass, that we can say with the. wellbeloved firstborn, "I know that Thou hearist Mealways." 0 Lord our God, we have known Thee some of us now for a time which to Thre is but a span, but to us it is many yeais. We trusted Thee in our youth. 0 Lord. We have long passvd the hour of our prime, but we tiust Thee still,only a I ter a fuller and more ch ilk I ike soi t. We perceive more clearly the compass of the promises. We see how they take in every thing which concein.dh Thy children : ail the matters of evcry-day life, the struggles within, the fightings without, are all within the sweep of the covenant, and we are persuaded now that beyond all doubt no good thing wilt Thou withhold from them that walk uprightly.'' And where Thou givest faith to Thy children to lay hold of the promises and to rest in them, Thou sayest to each one as Thou didst to Jacob, ''the land whereon Thou licst to thee will 1 give it." May we fake possession tonight of some fair promise which hitlnrto we have not employed. May our days of trouble drive us to search Thy Word, and to get nearer to Thyself, and so may tiny become to us more fruitful days, the most profitable days of our entire existence. One thing we know, bles'td God, Thou orderest all things well, and of this we are fully persuaded even when we do not see Thv face and cannot rejoice as we have done at other times, 1'et, still Thou changest not and Thou abidest faithful to Thy promise, faithful to Thy Son, and faithful to all who are in Him. Lord, remember Thy tried ones to- night. Lift up upon them the light of Thy countenance, In Thy mercy send deliverance to euch as are in sore straits. Hast Thou not said, '"I will brin" again from Bashan, I will bring again fTom the depths ot the sea ?" And so far any of us who are hard beset and full of our wickedness and our folly, Thou art unto us our strength and our wisdom, and we joy and rejoice in Thee notwithstanding all. O our Father, by Thy good Spirit make us more like Thyself. livery day turn out sin and every day nurture in us every hol'v thing. We belong to Thee, Lord. Thou hast bought us, and since we belong to Thee wilt Thou not cultivate the soil which Thou hast purchased with Thy bloody sweat 1 This garden which Thou hast walked about, in which Thou hast put the wine press, wilt Thou not watch it every moment lest any hurt it I Wilt Thou not keep it, aiid so make us to bring forth fruit to Thee? We will ask no more than this, that both in life and in death we may honour and glorify Thy Name, and hold last Thy truth come what may. Now, Lord, in this house of prayer there are many of Thv servants who preach the Gospel, for whom we do with our full heart pray. Lord, what help we want 1 Thou puttest us ministers of the Word in front of the battle. Keep us, Lord. Help us so that we may preach not only with our lips but with our lives. Grant to each one of Thy servants the decision of the tribe of Levi, who knew not his own father and brethien in the defence of the trufh of God. Make us to be in a'l ibinga filled with love to Thee, fo that we cannot tamper with the truth of God. Kaiseuiiin this land of oars, we pray Iliee, many testifiers for Thv Word, We have often said, '' Where is the Lord God of Elijah ? ' but we know where Thou art, and Thou knowest where we are. Ob, we beseech Thee, let us behold lhy Son, with His sword girt on Iiis thigh, riding forth conquering and to conquer, because of tiuth and righteousness. Forgive each one of us our tins. Let Thy people have their feet washed as once they were washe t in the great fountain, and are clean. Warh Thou their feet that they may be clean evtry whit. If there are any backsliders here, we pray that they may le restoied. May tbe word preached to-nigbt be a restorative woTd to many Hint have been sick. But, Lord, also be pleased to save sinntrs. Nt ver a prayer comes from our heart more thoroughly than thii—Lord, save the unsaved, and give unto Jesus to see in them of the travail of His soul. For Jesus' sake. Amen. 