LITERATURE. EMOTIONAL VEKSUS UNEMO TIONAL ACTIKG.* [ Under the ingenious and taking title of Masks or Faccs? Mr. William Archer, a well known dramatic critic in London, has pro duced a eiudy ia the psychology oi acting, to which he has keen prompted by a revival of the discussion upon the paradox promul gated by Diderot in the year 1770, warmly espoused by IT. Coquelin at the present tim*, and vigorously combated by Mr.1" Henry Irving, or by one of the two gentlemen who are understood to prepare his speKcbfes and addresses for him. Concisely stated, the paradox is this, that the really 'great actor or actress is one who is totally destitute of sensibility, and that an emotional nature, unless severely and systematically repressed, is really a disqualification for the pourtrayal of emotion on the part of a tragedian or comedian. The issue raised is obviously an interesting one, and the judgment to be arrived must be determined not by-the force or subtlety of the special pleading of counsel on either side, bnt by the weight and value of the evidence adduced in support or in dis proof of Diderot's theory. This evidence Mr. Archer has been at the pains to collect, collate, and present in a systematic form, partly from the biographies of some ot the moBt distinguished ornaments ot the European stage in bygone times, and partly by the answers received from eminent living actors and actresses, in reply to a printed circular, soliciting information, tinder seven teen heads, with respect to the influences of their own emotions upon their respective performances. As might be expected by any one who has carefully etndied the subject, the evidence is overwhelmingly hostile to Diderot's paradox, and scanty in the extreme in favour of any tendency to mimic in cold blood particular ebullitions of emotion, whether observed or experienced; while it is also very apparent that, as in the case of cast-iron actors, who are mimeB and not interpreters of feeling, unemotional mimicry is far less effective than emotional acting. Altogether apart, however, from the im portant contribution which Mr. Archer's book makes towards the settlement of the point in dispute, it will possess considerable interest for those who are wholly indifferent to the controversy, but who are fond of the theatre, on account of the insight it enableB as to obtain into the methods of those who contribute so largely to the entertainment of the great balk of all civilised communities, and to the part which real emotion plays in the ponrtrayal of dramatic emotion on the stage. The two most important sections of Mr. Archer's interrogatory were these:-"In moving situations, do tears come to yonr eyes? Do they come unbidden? Can yon call them up and repress them at will ? In delivering pathetic speeches does your voioe break of its own accord ! Or do yon delibe rately simulate a broken voice ?" And, " In scenes of laughter, do you feel genuine amusement? or is yonr merriment entirely assumed? Have you ever laughed on the stage until the tears ran down yonr face? or been so overcome with laughter as to have a difficulty in continuing your part?" With respect to the first of these two groups of questions, it is shown, in searching through the records, that Cicero I *Ha>ki or Fmm? By William Areher. London; Longman* Green, sndty. Melbourne: 8. Mullen. ' -states not only that he has often teen his trions iand acton, oh laying aside their masks after Bome mournful scene, continue to she'd tears, but that be himself in his oratorical efforts was frequently moved to teare, at tended by a pallor of countenance and every symptom of grief. Shakspeare's viewBon the Babject are pretty clearly expressed in the commentary of Polonins upon the First Player's delivery of "Eneas' Tale to Dido," and in Hamlet's own words upon it " Is it not monstrous that this player here. But in a flotion, in a dream of passion. Uould foroo bis eoul BO to hla own oouceit That, from her working:, all Jii« visage watin'd, Tears la his ejoe, distraction Ill's aspect, A broken voioe, and his whole function suiting With foruiB to bis conoeit? And *U (or nothing 1" Garrick and Mrs. Cibber when playing Lear and Cordelia used to "workthemselves up to the shedding of tears," and Garrick's great rival, Spranger Barry, in the death scene of Romeo, was so mnch affected that "hia sensibility got the better of hia articulation, and .the very tone of it was altered; it was broken, hoarse, and indistinct." Tate Wil kinson complains, in hiB rough way, of Mra Pritchard, the finest Lady Macbeth of her day, that "her scenes of grief were tire somely blubbering." Mrs. Siddons, when playing Queen Constance, shed "bitter team of. rage, disappointment, confidence, and baffled ambition," which " guBhed into her eyeB," and Fanny Kelly, who was the Prince Arthur of the tragedy, mentions that, on 6uch occasions,." her collar was wet with Mrs. Siddons* tears." Speaking of the beau tiful Miss O'Neill, Fanny Kemble says she had fountains of lovely tears behind her lovely eyes, and that, to use her own expres sion, she shed them in "bucketsfull." On the French stage, sensibility to grief seems to have characterised some of the moat famouB men and women who have adorned it, in cluding Mines. Dorval, Ducloa, and Champ mesld, Mdlles. Gausson and Quinault, and MM. Dufresne and Lemaitre. Adelaide Neilson used to weep profasely both at rehearsal and performance, and Char lotte Cuahman, thoagh by no means of an emotional nature, rarely played the most pathetic scene in "The Stranger" without shedding teare. Mr. Toole, when speaking of the late Benjamin Webster iu " The Willow Copse," says " It had one scene that was pathetic in the extreme. I have cried at it myself, and I never knew bim play it without the teara streaming down bis cheeks." Salvini, one of the greatest ot living actors, is dead againBt the paradox of Diderot; for he writes-" If yoa do not weep in the agony of grief, if yoa do not blush with shame, if you do not tremble with terror, if your eyes do. not become bloodshot with rage, if, in short, yon yourself do not intimately experience what ever bed is the diverse characters andpasBions you represent, you can never thoroughly transfuse into the hearts of your audience the sentiment of the situation." Sarah Bern hardt Btates that she sheds tears on the stage every nigbt when her " personage weeps and Miss Genevi&ve; Ward writes that tears always come to her eyes in a moving situation, but seldom run orer; and this is also the experience of Mibs Mary Anderson. Mrs. Kendal confesses herself very prone to tears on the stage, even to the detriment of her make-up.; and Mrs. Bancroft writes: -" The performance of a moving sitnation without the true ring of sensibility in the actor, must fail to affect anyone. An emo tional break in the voice must be brought about naturally. I cannot simulate Buffer ing without an honest sympathy with it. I hold that without great nervous sensibility no one can act pathos." Mr. Wilson Barrett, whom we may shortly expect to see in Aus tralia, says that tears come to his eyes on bidden when he is acting at his best; and he sums up in three short sentences the whole pith of the matterMere feeling un guided by art is seldom, if ever, effective. Art without feeling is better than that; bnt feeling with art is better than both. The most sensitive organisation, coupled with the highest art, makes the greatest actor." Phelps often shed tears; and perhaps Mac ready's finest performances were those in which the pathetic situations were intensified by recollections of a real and recent sorrow of hiB own-the death of a favouritedaughter. In the second volume of Legouvd'a Souvenirs, reviewed some time back in these columns^ the dramatist relates a midnight rehearsal of " Adrienne Leoouvrenr," by Rachel, who played the whole of the great scene in the fifth act with heart-rending power. After it was over she bat weeping and trembling with; emotion in one corner of the green- room, and when Legouv6 told her that she had never played it BO magnificently betore, the actress replied that it was be cause she seemed to be in her own character, and an eye-witness of her own death. " Many and many a time," writes Madame Ristori, "in sustaining the part of a daughter who lOBes her parents, or of a mother who sees her sons in the grasp of death, my tears have blinded me, and 1 have felt my heart bursting with sorrow. . . . The effects obtained under such mental con* ditions are naturally stronger because they are truer." But the emotions must be sab* ordinated to the will. The actor, as Preville remarks, must remain sufficiently master of his soul to control, instead of being subju gated by, them; and Mold's words seem fco sum np the whole duty of the tragedian and comedian in this respect with epigrammatic conciseness" 11 fattait garder ea tile el livrer son wcnr," Unrestrained emotion would be very apt to convert pathos into bathos; and judgmentmnst assert its autho rity over the emotions, so as to beget the "temperance" spoken of by Hamlet in hifl advice to the players. In regard to the second ttroup of questions -those relating to the genuine amusement felt by actors and actresses in scenes of laughter on the stage-the evidence collected by Mr. Archer is " pretty jevenly.ibalanoed, wut deflects, if anything, on the aide of reality." Mr, Toole states that be enjoys a rollicking farce, langhi wUb (he ixidfenQifc and gets carriedaway by the luu o£ it. In playing parts like Tony Lumpkin, Mr. Lionel' BrouRh feels that he Is Tony, and ia full of laughter. Miss Genevi&ve; Ward, the late Mrs. Chippendale, Mr. Beerbohm Tree, and Mr. Wilson Barrett record their belief that stage laughter is often genuine; but, on the other hand, Salvini, the elder BoucLcault, Mr. Pinero, and Mr. and Mrs. Kendal take on opposite view of it, while the testimony of Mr. W. H. Vernon is to the following effect: -" I have often felt genuine amusement in a scene, and an exhilaration of spirits caught (doubtless} from an unusually responsive audi ence, which has visibly reacted and produced the best possible effect In comedy the actor is mote alive to his audience's humour than in tragedy. The effect is instantaneous, and a good-tempered house evokes the best qualities of a comedian by placing him on good terms with himself." This is a suffi ciently familiar fact, but it may be also ob served that the effect of comedy and of comic acting upon an audience may be, and fre quently is, quite independent of any mirthful feeling in the minds of itB interpreters. Three of the best comedians we remember on the English stage, Harley, Eeeley, and the elder -Compton, were serious men-serious in countenance and manner, rarely smiling and rarely laughing in tbeir parts; and very seldom betraying any merriment of senti ment. Yet they were all of them exquisitely diverting, and perhaps never more so than when tbeir visages wore an expression of the utmost gravity. And Charles Lamb describes Bentley-probably the best Malvolio that ever trod the boards-as looking, speaking, and moving like an old Castilian. In fact, most comedians who have been celebrated tor their "dry" humour have had the sad thoughtful countenances which the same delightful essayist Bpeaks ot as having belonged to Dodd. The laughing is internal. Among the other questions propounded by Mr. Archer to the various members of the theatrical profession were these" Do you ever blush (involuntarily) when representing bashfulness, modesty, or shame? or turn pale in Bcenea of terror? or have you ob served these physical manifestations in other artists?" In the passage from "Hamlet'' previously quoted the dramatist speaks of the visage of the First Player having "wann'd;" and it iB on record that Better ton's face turned " as pale as his neckcloth" in the scene of the fourth act of that tra gedy, where the Priace sees (the ghost ot his father enter the Queen's apartment Nor, it appears, are these by any means exceptional cases. Madame Ristori declares unhesita tingly that "she both blushes and grows p≤, in accordance with the emotion Bhe is portraying." Salvini does the same; and Mr. John Coleman, Bpeaking from forty years' experience, says-"I have never known an nrtiBt, male or female, accustomed to the higher range of art, who was not subject -to these outward manifestations of the inward emotions." In the balcony-scene of "Romeo and Juliet," Fanny Kemble de scribes the passionate emotion of the scene as sending hot waves of blushes all over her neck and shoulders; and Miss Isabel Bate man remarks-" I often turn pale in scenes of terror or great excitement I hare been told that many times, and I can leel myself getting very cold and shivering and pale in thrilling situationa" Mrs. Siddons's pallor under similar circumstances would aBsert itself under the artificial bloom she might have occasion to apply to her cheeks when making-up for the part. And one very familiar phenomenon in really good acting ia that, even in the coldest weather, and in characters that require but a moderate amount of physical exertion, the actor or actress is liable to be bathed in perspiration by the mere force of mental emotion, which is also extremely exhaustive. One very good actor, recently deceased, told Mr. Archer that, after playing Hugh Trevor, a part which demands no unusual muscular strain, he was obliged to lie down on the floor of his dressing-room, feeling as if he had been thrashed all over bis body. On the other hand, it ia the boast of unemotional, or mechanical actors, that they can go through a part like Richard the Third, or Macbeth, or Othello, " without turning a hair." 