THE RELIGIOUS CAMP MEETINGS. In accordance with the general custom 1 on Launceston Race Days tbe usual re ligious conference and camp meetings were commenced yesterday, and will be con tinued to-day. As far as yesterday's meet ings were concerned they were (despite the indisposition of several of oar city fathers to favor them) thoroughly successful in every respect. Tbe meetings commenced by a conference and prayer meeting in the Patterson-street Wesleyan Church yester day forenoon which was yen- well at tended, numerous town and country ministers of various denominations being amongst the number present. The Rev. if. Greenwood presided, and in a few appro priate remarks referred to the principal objects of tbe meeting. Tbe Revs. E. C. Tennent (of Hagiey) and Pastor Soltau spoke on Acts, 1st chapter 8t.h verse, ' Ye shall receive power, after that (he Holy Ghost is come upon you.' Each address was un excelleut exposition of tbe text, pointing out, as it did, the absolute nectssiiy of being tilled witli the Spirit of God if Christians wished lo be an instrument for good in the world, and that those wno revolted to be so filled had all power on earth in combating the powers of darkins-1. The addresses were jnten- pen-ed wiili hymns and prayers. The service in the afternoon partook of the nature of a camp meeting, held in the Depot Grounds, where a tent and seats had been provided for the accommodation of those unending, and a large number availed themselves of the opportunity. In addition l-j devotional exercises, three earnest and practical addresses were delivered. Pastor H. Wood presided. The Rev. J. Russell, of Evandale, spoke on ' Christ, our Prophet,' dwelling on the custom in the days before Christ of God mating known his ways to mankind Lhrouch the instrumentality of prophets, aud these in the fuluess of Lime having to give place to tlie greater prophet, the Sou of God, who dwelt with Him in glory before all the worlds, und who spoke &.» a Son, and not a servant, as the other prophets did. Chriet, he ex plained, spoke as one having authority. Again, Christ hnd u special message, for he said, 'No man kuoweth the Father save the Son,' and spoke of Himself as one who was the regenerutor ot mankind, which none other is kn v.vn to huve doue, and so it was through His words that the spirit of life was manifested. He likewise spoke with deepest f-3'tnpnt.liy und love, as shown hy His w.rds, ' Cniue unto me all ye who luhor and ure hei\v ladeu, aud I will give yon re.-l,' whil-» 1 1 ir- divinity was acknow ledged by tiod the Father, who said, ' This is My bploved son, in whom I am well pleased, '' Christ st ill spoke to man, saying, '?Whatsoever ye shull ask in My name,! will do it.' Pastor 11. G. Blnckio, of Lingford, gave a very fervent address on ' Christ, our priest.' He believed that the Israelites inude a mistake when they gathered about tlie mount burnt with fire and said, 'Let not Go l sp'ak to u-, lost we die.' It would ?have been better if they had said, ' Let God speak to us, even if we die.' It was the duty of all Christians now to ever cry, ' Speak Lord, f.;r Thy servant bearetb.' At length tho rev. gentleman lucidly ex plained the vestments and services of the high priests at- being typical of Christ, who was a priest for ever after the order of Melclmedek, and the great high priest of our profession, and was able to keep us for ever ; for if by His death they were saved, how much more should we \»e kept slive by His intercession in heaven for ua. The addrer-s concluded by an eloquent appeal totbosepres. il*. to render filial obedience to Christ, nn 1 l» tt ; l»y their lives and actions to promote His kingdom through out ihe world. Pastor Soltau dwelt nt lengt h on ' Christ, our King,' and earnestly spoke of Him as king over nil, as well as a merciful and f/iithful high priest, and who demanded our obedience. As the duty of en earthly king wus to protect his iirnple, so Christ guarded utid prolecied tin redeemed host, as 'tho angel of the Lord encampeth round about his people.' Again, earthly kings led their armies to battle, so iu like manuer did Jesus lend hib people ou conquering the nations upon earth. Saul of Tareus was referred to ns an example, after Christ. So should all both preach aud suffer for him, and start at once. Their king never sent His people where He had not been Himself. Once he was a suffering, dying, und dead king, but now Ilu was a living king, and was also a coming king, who had 6oid to all, 'If ye love me keep my commandments,' and ' A new cotnmoudmeut give I unto you, that ye love one another.' Ho will soon comc with clouds, and every eye shall see Him. Then those who served Him on earth would pa*s iuto heavtfu with nim amid the shouts of all the angelic throng. Jn the evening a torchlight processiou was formed at the Memorial Church, and wended its way to the Market Green where severul hundred persons were assembled. There on open air meeting was held, and 3 earnest addresses given by the Reva. J. 1 Blacki'. E. C, Tennent, Pastors Soltau, 8 White, members of the Salvation Army, Mr 1 R. Marshall, and others, the assemblage j dispersing about half-past 9 o'clock. J 