%%Vus' Column* OUR LADIES' LETTER. London, December 15. IBV Miss ETHEL COXON.] Only ten days to Christmas, on a can scarcely believe it despite the white frosts of the laBt three days. The daily pipers are filled with letters from various countrysides telling how the season seems to hive lost its wits, and rosea and strawberries aro freakishly lavish with their sweets cow, when we look bat for holly and mistletoe. Not to be behind! sr.d with them I beg to etatemy own pai iicuiar proofs of the mild- UeBB Of the eeaaon :—Firstly, a vast- of freshly blown roffs, grown in the open air in Kent— Cloire de Dg'on, La France, and a fat white globular bloom, the name of which I know not, all as sweet and as untouched by frost as though they had been gathered in the time of roses, hot July itself; and n.cnndly, a magnificent mushroom four i.-^has in diameter, which I gathered in a field in K^nt last Saturdaj, and which I can vouch for as net being excelled in flavour and juiciness by any of itB kind, born in the " season of nisby and mellow fruitfulness." We haj snow in July, now v e have mushrooms in December, truly the times are out of joint. However, in spite of this " Time was, time is, time will be," and Chiistmas time is very near indeed, and Londt n shopping is once more a feminine purgatory, wherein all the camp; ttany women seen to rind a certain erjcymect. Materfamiliae, it-te'it on choosing .'Maud's dresting-bap, Edith's fan, and Dorothy's doll, and perplexed between the despatch box and the set of Thickerey's worksfor Harry at Cambridge, and the difficulty of choosing the most acceptable gift for Jack in Texas, and doubtful whether her offerings to her younger sons will bs aac^pted With ecstacy, or secretly in the recipients' SOUIB be stigmatized as "rot,"' she rea'ly enjoys the leng excursions with their agreeable air of mystery, and the subsequent j arrival at her dwelling of the carefully jv; jked j up_parcels, not to be opened till Christmas ; Day itself. May fate favour her, and may her t:mely gifts once more cause her to be acclaimed by the jubilant delight of her brood aa the beat mother in the world; but to the majority among UB Christmas is a weiriful time ; aud as years go on and ghosts fill the place of dear-remembeied presences at the ohiistmas board, and we look back with m-re tenderness on the past than with eagerness to the future, theie are many who would fain for themselves take a draught of Lethe on the 24th of December, which Bhould tide them safely- over the ringing of the bells which shall welcome in the new year. This is a somewhat morbid direction to take when my sole and only purpi>ia ivaa to prptest against the misery of crowded shape, j fagged sellers, excited purchasers, bastie, j bad air. and general confusion wliijh are the . characteristics of Christmas shopping, Christmas cards are a sufficient tax in them- i selves nnJeES one has enough indelieadeuce to | resist the fashion and to adhere firmly to the rule of not sending any at all. Bat once break that rule for the sake of the sister abroad, or the invalid friend in Scotland, or he former governess, " who expects it, and would be so disappointed «f Idi:iu'c," send one, and you are lost._ If vou send one, you must send all; and in the end, when you have selected them, and addreessd and j stamped and dispatched some cool hundred i or two of these seasonable missives, you will j probably take the philosophical vieiv of the j •matter, and reflect that, after all, it is a ] eirpple and pretty fashion of remembering yourself affectionately to friends, and of ; paying a slight courtesy to acquaintances. i For myself last year £ was Bternly resolved on > the point. ''Not one," I said to myself, 4 1 not one"—fortified, maybe, in my resolution, that in all the multitude of cards, crowding the shop windows and counters, I could espy Done which especially took my i; fancy. But " Sou vent famine varie bien fol j ; qui sy, fie;" late on Christmas Eve itself, I discovered some peculiarly fascinating cards, ! : quite unlike anything I had yet seen; small . embossed plaques cf a eub&tance; resembling embrowned ivory, designed with delicate border?, encircling huntsmen and i dogs or mediaeval ladies and knights in relief, ! or- children i "1 i in - square - sailed -, 3 boats I i rosegarlanded ; all in charming imitation o antique ivory carvings. Prudence vanished, resolve melted away before vanity's whisper •of the desirability of impressing my friends wfth such a proof of my taste as these fas cinatirg litile mementos, and I weakly j yielded to the temptation and sent off more -cards that CbriBtmas than I had ever done before. Rathe-less this year again, I am firmly resolved—"not one." The great excitement of the Christmas eebson here promises to be thj Lyceum production of " Macbeth," which is now in active' rehearsal. " The boldest hold their breath for a time," not knowing whether ttyej will or will not be among the favoured recipients of seats. Indeed, when one thinks of the number the leaders, let alono the rank Slid file, of fashionable, literary, aud artistic London, who all consider their presence at a Lyceum first night as a sine gva,. non, it seemB wonderful nights at Mr. Irving's theatre are eo widely representative. The mania for seats on a first night knows no abatement, and BO it crimes to pass that for monthB beforehand Manager, Acting Managers, actors, and boxofficekeeper at the Lyceum are overwhelmed by eager petitions. I told you on the production ot " Faust" the proportion of applications for seats to the actual seating capabilities of tne theatre, and it is pretty safe to suppose that the excitement in regard to "Macbeth" will be equal to if not greater than that awakened by "Faast." • The Gordon statue is at length set up in Trafalgar- square, and a most noble work it is, fully justifying Mr. Thornycroft's position as one of the sculptors of the day, who have redeemed the sublime art from the nadir of conventionality and feeble prettiness. When j tiro such ntatneB are produced in one ! year as this of Gordon and 17 v. Gilbert's magnificent effigy of the Queec, whereof I spoke some months since, we may well lift up our heads among artloving nations once more. The revival of sculpture among UB is one of the most strik- Ing signs of the times, and in America there has sprung up a sculptor also of singular genius. Mr. St. Guadens, whose statue of President Lincoln eeema, as far as one can till from an engraving, to be a worthy compeer to the Gordon in Trafalgar Square, and whose caryatides, supporting a magnificent mantelpiece for Mr. Vanderbilt, have a poetic and exquisite charm which is all thc-ir ofrn, a loveliness which grows on one like music, subduing and constraining UB to ejmpathy with the artist's mood. I need not describe them more fully, for the engraving of one, The Amoor, which fascinated me, was in Harpir's Magazine early this year, and may be studied by any lover of beauty therein. For Mr. Thorneycroft's Gordon, jou are sure eoon to have photographs and printis thereof galore; but I wish you could see thB effect of the simple, nobly-treated, yet most real figure, set as it is among a crowd of bronze dummies, which have certainly' not reached the Ideal of being diveBted of too close a resemblance to poor humanity. There is a Romansttsed statesman, standing on a pedestal in Xrafalgar-eqnare—I do not know who it represents, but I gather from hiB encircling robe, the stiffness of the folds of which is phenomenal even~for bronze,that it is a member 6f the HOUBO of Lords—who in his starched absurdity, Beems quite unhappy at finding near him the hero of the Soudan in ondresB uniform and high boots, with stick and Bible under his arm, as though he (the High-nosed peer) felt the costume unsnited to the dignity of the position of a statue in TrafMgar-cquare. t A feminine crowd constantly gathered last iponthat the jeweller's shop where the neck- i laoe purchased for thei Queen with the residue I of. the " Women's Jubilee_ Offering" was on j jjhow ;'but on beholding it, it eeemed that j something either daintier or more magnifi- { cent migbtsrell hare been designed as an offering to Her Majesty. Truth to tell, the necklace- -was commonplace exceedingly in design, being simply a aeries of graduated (TefoilB,*with a pearl in the oentre of each, and Would have been quite as suitable as a birthday gift to Mrs. Gorgius Midas from ^er husband, as for a memorial heirloom of a x;eign of fifty jears offered to the Qaeen of a great nation by the women of her realm. The EmjpreBB Fiederick has been received in her native land with a reverent and hushed affection tbat is very striking. There is no word but of welcome and respect for the illustrouB lady, who, sore as hex grief is, has never for one moment allowed it to crush her, or to make her forget her station and her reepoifeibilities. Of the unseemly wrangle of dootoraand newspapers over the dead Empetpr'e grave it- .is best to say nothing, bat cue can: quite understand and sympathise with the German view Sf tbe matfer. and to feel that English interference is to be avoided with the affairs of the Teutonic Empire. We are none too fond of German Influence in our own land, and are apt to be very excusably ill-pleased when any circumstance recalls to us the existence ot onr large standing army of German serenities in the comfortable enjoyment of State officra; -not are we over- gratified when the designs for the coinage of England and for many national monuments are committed to Mr. Boebm. If we are justified in our national prejudice in favour of the employment of our countrymen in our own laud, we may surely allow the Germans a kindred feeling in regard to thei; affairs. Has tricycling for ladies greatly gained Sround in Australia? Here every summer •eea the increase of the band of feminine cyclists; end tours of two or three weeks in , , , , . . company with husband or brother, sister or friend, are growing in favour as a way ot spending a summer holiday, A hobi-a I strapped on to the back of t'ae machine will bo found as much as is necessary in the way of luggage, but discretion is needful in thi filling thereof. A light tea gown and comfortable slippers are the chief luxuries to remember, io addition to a double change of ucderciothing, for when one's eown is muddy or duBty it is a great comfort to have something to change toat a country inn, while the skirt is being dried and brushed. Eiu at Cologne Ehould never be forgotten, aud a pot of Lcibig is often an untold blessing, as is E cake of good soap-for the soap at manj hotels is bad. A flesh glove will be fouud a comfort also, and so will vaseline or som kindred preparation to prevent sunburn. A pretty gown for such a tour is a plain skirt o' blue serge, with wide hem turned up on th< right side, flannel shirt of tithei white cr cream, or striped blue and white, with a waistband fastened with an old silver buckle, and over the sbirc a loose silk-lined jacket of serge, doublebreasted to button back on either Bide, so that it may be worn open to show the shirt, buttoned up for warmth, or in hot weather discarded altogether. A small dark blue or white sailor hat and gauotletted shevrette gloves, will complete a very pretty serviceable costume, equally suitable for tennis, boating, yachting, nonlifinn or n c seaside crrocjfln wear. ITOM r I T am qm quite /illl'^n aware o fo f i it is not the usual order of tricycling gown, but the tightly-made pepper-and- salt tweed with deerstalker cap to match worn by many lady cyclists, however serviceable, is neither pretty nor btcoining. The dress I suggest will be found equally practical, and will not write one down as a sister of the road, when one leaves one's machine pro tern, waich is an advantage many women v;ill appreciate. With all best wishes for ahappyNe=v Vcar, believe me your attached correspondent of the last fcur ye ire, who only hopes you enjoy reading her lttters half as much as she enj oye writing them. 