THE MYSTERY OF THit? PEARL. I (t'SOV TOE OEASQOW WEEKLY cn^ens.) Jfany years ago vessels earned far i'WW | etews than at present, for nowadays' th° 1 great aim of owners seems to bo scrimp.*0? everything* to tho lowest possible figure. suppose this arises from the greater competi-N tion in trade, decrease of freights, and in crease of harbour dues and wages. ^ At any rate, tho old dunder-thumper brig rigged vessel Pearl, hailing from the good port of Limerick, and about 300 tons or eo, carried a crew of thirteen, including tho cook and two bovw—ouo doing duty aft as head-steward and bottle-waslier. She, of course, carried two mates, and, with the skipper, brought up the wholo tally to sixteen liauds. Tho great majority were Irish ; and I can teU you that among Irish seamen there is no happy medium—they aie either first-rato or useless when well out at sea and clear of the grog-shop ; and the men ou board of the Peart brig were as smart a set of seamen as you could find on Li.«erick quays. The vessel was cleared out, bound to London in ballast to take in cargo for tho port of Genoa.' I don’t know where the old man* n*IIed from, as ho had a name I never camo across before—it was Jasper Trojan—and this might have fitted any country. He was a •powerful, thick-set-looking* man, between forty and fifty, with shifty bead-looking eyes set deep back in his head, and was horribly disfigured with small-pox ; alto gether no was anything but lovely in appear ance or polite in manners. .-I don’t behove Captain Trojan ever washed 1 at all; no just rolled out of his bunk of a , morning and bolted Ins breakfast, and then tumbled up tho companion for a look round. The Pearl’s cabin was just a kind of den aft. and had a screw down table a midship and lockers nit round—I don’t suppose it was above eight feet square by fivo nigh. The skipper had a bunker on tho starboard side, and the mate one opposite, I was cabin boy and steward, and slept on tho after transom, or on one of the lookers. Tho second mate and crew all bunked in tho fore Just you fancy a dark hole, with black beams and dingy floor, only lighted by a Bmnll booby hatch V? day and sIumi lamp by night, where it was impossible to sew or read (if anyone wanted to read), and reokiug with all the abominations of the Egyptians; au<* this was the dining saloon, bed chamber, and retiring apartments of thirteen men, who seldom, if ever, washed, and never changed a rag except when deluged with a green sea over the bows. Now, just tako ft look at the Pearl as she ■ blunders along under all plain sail, royals urid s- ‘flying jib set—an old set of dingy patched canvas — bowsprit sleeved nearly up and down, bluff square bows thumping the water and sending tho spray broad off on each side, and nnpninted bulwarks, the green corroded copper up to the bends, and the stauding rigging innocent of Stockholm, and not a ratlin or footrope trustworthy a seaman's foot. She had a dingy figurehead, represent ing a woman with a dab of crimson on each cheek, with eyes staring out to starboard, gazing intently and keeping ft vacant look out for nothing at alt. Of all uuromautic cruft, that was most unlikely to have a lasting history iu tragedies and mysteries of tho ocean, the Pearl was the most unlikely looking, as she rolled and pitched along past the west coast of Irelnnd Decent events in London and elsewhere, of butcheries and fiendish deeds uppurentlv without aim or object, have brought back vividly to my mind one of the most ghastly episodes that ever occurred at eea. Murder generally presupposes some motivo —either revenge, greed, or sudden mania ; but there is no safeguard against tho deliberate, carefully wrou&ht- out; plan of the cunning, and hitherto unsuspected, calm and deliberate demon, living as it were two distinct lives, and seemingly hnviug two separate beings swaying and animating one person. The skipper, as far as my then experience and present recollection serve me, navigated the ship and gave orders as —-«raaCornirrjr-,\\_Uio n»« workod- at .tho . fchou sand-and-one odds and ends always to be found to do aboard a vessel, and smoked and lolled about in the lust dog-watch in a commonplace sea hiring way. Now, every evening, about eight bells, my duty was to wash tho dishes, clean up the galley (a little wooden box on deck amid ships) and tidy up ; and then I used (being a big lump of u boy of fifteen) to go anil Smoke at the windlass forward, after trimming and lighting tho cabin lump. l it . was in the end of September, and pretty .light on deck at six in the morning. One night—I will never forget it—I wan lying dozing-on tho after transom, when I euddehly started up fully awake. Some in describable horror seemed to oppress me. I looked up; the feeble unrnfiiled wick of the nearly empty lamp only served to make things around dim and uncertain. I suppose it would be about four bells iu I the middle watch, when I distinctly heard u ' suppressed groan and gurgling noise from the mate’s bunk, and could see the indistinct form of a man leaning ever it. Then the lamp flickered ar.u went out, and a great horror fell upon mo. Tkncw not why. I heard the skipper tumble into his bunk, and a curious sound like air escaping from the deck pump, and I rose up and crept ou deck and sat cowering under the quartor-d=ckbul warks, trying to think. ‘ What's the mutter, lad‘r' sun”' out the second mate, who had the watch, as lie dragged me to the binnacle lamp, 1 You are a.3 white as a ghost, and all trembling.’ * J dou’tknow, sir,’ I said; lI think I had the nightmare.’ But go below I would not till full daylight. All was correct, seemingly. The skipper was snoring peace fully ; all else \vn3 still; and at five bells in the morning watch I set the cups, . went to rue galley for the coffee, and roused the skipper. One of the seamen used to keep the morning watch and have his coffee in the cabin after the skipper had done. The old man rouged out, swallowed liis coffee, went ou deck, and told the officer of the watch to go down. In the scant morning light everything was dim and uncertain. All was quiet for a few minutes. I could hear the man strike flint and stool, and then light a sulphur match, and ns it burnt up clear, and he was lighting his pipe, .it threw a ruddy glare over the mate’s bunk. Good God ! shall I ever forget the sight ? The mate’s head.toy cve;;.thepariisc---h&ffacc; blue, and dead. . A stream of clotted blood was over his neck nnd breast, over the mat,, and in clots and blotches on tho dock. Ter one moment I stood aghast: I then rushed to roach the ladder, slipped on. the' blood-stained deck, and tore up ou deck, and fell fainting against the little skylight. The second officer and all hands’ soon scrambled aft: and the body was with great difficulty carried up the small companion hatch and laid aft in the wheel grating. The second mate gripped me convulsively by the wrist, rmd on rousing up to full consciousness, I saw the skipper walking up and down the quarter-deck. He never looked at any of us, and he never gbreed aft at the body.’ After a long time ho stopped, leant over the gang way, and steadily looked over to windward. ‘ Now, Captain Jasper Trojan seemed to have no characteristic any more than that ho never swore ;• he was taciturn, but not morose, and I never heard hini tell any story, or'alludo to any event of his former life. Pre sently lie turned round and drawled out, * Cut his throat in tho night, ay l Get somo canvas, Mr. Donovan, and sew it up.’ The seaman hung back, while the captain went below, brought up somo old canvas and jin’m and needle, and knelt down and j delib'erntelv sewed up the body, dressed as it was, and then ordered the main topsail to be backed, and before anyone could spe k or in terfrre, lifted tho body up, and threw it over the loo gangway into the sea, braced tho mainya d forward, and on tho vessel went, the dingy canvas with its ghastly freight rising and falling on the waves in our wako till we lost sight of it. The men elinkcd forward,..horror-stricken, and then the old man, without a word, went below and deliberately turned into -lus bunk. In one alicrt hour the whole ship seemed changed. The men conversed in groups 41 “Old mm," sj'iamen’alcnafo captain. under their breath, work vrna stopped, and though the wheel mi reliovod and watches ohanged, sail made and shortened, yet the vessel waslike a coffin to tho Imagination, Tho second mato wouldn't go alt to tho span) bunk ; and I never, il I could help it, in tho cabin wont far from tho ladder. Two niglita passed away, and tho wenthor .was dark and squally; so at tho change of ,'vatohos—eight bolts of tho second dog-watch _TfO handed topgallant sails and reefed , -oils, stowed tho light soils, nnd tho watch , - turned in. The watch on deck enwereu' undcr tho lee of tho galley and long lwiit lnav'ing only tho second mato, man at , 'and look-out man forward on tho niirht heads I Bncaked down tho foro scuttlo, and'ec-”1?1 m79?'f “wor ^aoaS 0,0 men, not daring ’*® *"• . , , Tho wind was “ B™* fro“tl‘" S.W., and Capo Cl^r 'ftT W!,H “hnostdead . ’ nr,A h TT-- .all hands on dock to astern, ana it was , ,_ , shorten sail, and ^y ,™° —P9*}; halliards, as a hoaTy squ.'V^ caught us aback, and the britr orathored stcni1 I thought and tho brig gathored stonT^T- t 2r"*“J wo woro gono. Everything 1*“^ jgf, tho head-yards braced a box, sh° pan off, and wo closo-roofed, and ev °°<* on tho port tack. \ . ., Too hands went below. At two bolx1 ™ “10 morning watch (5 n.m.), it was as dA*® pitch, rain and sleet, whon tho brig flown"1?** up in tho wind, and whon tho mon rushed'' 10 the braces, thoro was neither officer of tfn^ watch, helmsman, or second officer to bo seen, search high and low. Tho cabin lamp was out ; thebinnacle lamp was tho only light available. Wo shouted—it was in Tain; wo looked below and aloft, and thon waited in .terror for tho dawn. Seeing tho skipper seated on tho main hatch, I oropt below to try and light tho lamp, and steadied myself against tlio starboard bunk. ‘ (Sroafc heavens! As I stretched out my hand, I felt' and knew instinctively that that bunk was occupied, and my hf*nd foil on tho cold upturned taco of tho corpso. I staggered up, ran forward, and throw myself headlong down the fore-scuttlo. In incoherent tones, I managed to let the mon know my talo. But still wo waited for tho daylight. The men went aft and took the wheel, nnd kept togothcr; thoy all had somo weapon, mostly thq iron belaying pins from tho topgallant rail forward. Silently sat Captain Trojan, and tlio only sound was the weird whistlo of the wind through tlio rigging, os the brig oamo up or rolled to leewards. An hour passed, and then broko tho blessed dawn. A dark scud flew overhead, with a leaden sky all round. But oh, for tho blessed light! With set faces the men kept their eyes on tho skipper. Then ho roso slowly and came aft; the mon fell back right and left. A significant look went round, and as tho skippor put his foot on the ladder a rush was made at him, and ho was thrown back on tho deck. 4 A desperate struggle ensuod. With tho strength of a maniac, tho captain hold ono man in lus powerful grasp and fought and twisted, and at last rose straight up, still retaining his hold, tilt ho -crashed against tho weather gangway board, a frail piece of timber ; mid, as tho brig rolled to windward, tho captain, with the doomed seaman in his grasp, fell headlong overboard, and roso no With trembling stops tho men crowded into the cabin, and there, in tho captain's bunk, stark and cold nnd bloody, lay tho body of the Second mate, with his throat cut from ear to ear. Thero was no trace of a strugglo: tlio dotnil of that tragedy will ever remain a mystery. Carefully the body was wrapped up and shrouded—only ono glance was given to it to be assured no life remained. The main topsail was once more backed, and without a prayer, though not unmourned, tho corps smote tho water nnd sank. I awoke to consciousness in tho hospital in Liverpool; but even to this day do I involun tarily shiver when my mind calls back this memory. I learnt afterwards that the men, having found an anker of whiskey, held a saturnalia. Tho Pearl was picked up by a revenue cutter, und taken up tho Mersey, with four men missing and tlio strictest offioinl inquiry novor yet unravelled tho mystery of tho Pearl of Limerick, or whether tho skipper was a responsible person and a common murderer for some unknown purpose, or a lunatic with a homicidal mama. 