P ARLIAMENTARY NOTES. BY A. CARPER. It can hardly be said that “Her Majesty’s Opposition” is altogether happy. It is neither happy in its retrospective nor happy in its pro-pective thoughts. The past is full of possible moves that might have won the game; the future without a bright omen. The poorest debate a Budget ever had, as far as its geueral principles wore concerned, followed the Budget speech of Mr Gillies, and vet after all has been accepted cheer fully. Many lost opportunities come to light. All have so far been safely negotiated by the Premier. There now only remains the solitary item of the bonuses upon which an attack may be made, ami on- tile other side of that a luim and peaceful recess. For all this bright out look, the Government cannot bo looked upon as invulnerable. What with back downs on important questions of public policy, and a freely used lone hand ou the part of the Minister of Customs which re sulted in concessions that astonished his colleagues as much as their supporters, there is sonic feeling brewing which may or may not hear fruit. It is not a very well kept secret that one part, and a small one, did resent the. anti-Federal policy of the concessions made by the Miuistry, but prob ably the smooth waters will wear all that feeling away. • The honorable member for East Melbourne, Mr Zox, is raising quite a reputation for the power to throw the apple of discord into a peaceful House. It is fresh iu the memories of most hoiv one night when the Public Service Bill was quietly slipping through committee, Mr Zox suddenly raised up the ghost of the operat ing messengers, aud by setting tho whole Opposition on a false scout, and tho Premier in a white heutstopped allprogie6Bfortlio rest of the night. As Mr Zox passed through tho lobbies that night he,wore us placid Anil con tented a smile ns ever for all tho Premier’s thunderbolts. To some extent this history repeated itself last week. There arc one or two ghosts iu political economy that are always moving about aimlessly, aud which, like most other ghosts, generally appear at a most inappropriate time. Such a ghost Mr Zox ran against on Tuesday night, and set tho House iu a ferment, some, members on the horns of an awkward dilemma, and the Opposition generally in a savAgely regretful mood that they had not discovered this weak spot iu the treasurer’s armour before. Amidst the .unsettled anxiety that pervaded tho House, the efforts of the Sandhurst .and Ballarat men to sit comfortably on one or the other horn, and the savage regrets‘of the Opposition, Mr Gillies steered liis way through as only Mr Gillies can. Probably uo one less than Mr Zox is a follower of Henry George. Between the good-humored Israelite and Dr Maloney there is a wide gap—a wide gup in years, and ns wide a gap in sense; aud yet the action Mr Zox took over the sale of the Kew and Yarra Bend reserves gave the enthusi astic doctor that represents West Melbourne an unexpected opportunity for airing his particular notious on the land question. On the whole, probably, Dr Maloney and his friend do not thank Mr Zox with auy effusiveness. The followers of Heiiry George in the House are a very select bund; hut they make up in confidence what they lack iu numbers, and probably no subject requires more self-confidence than does this question of land nationalisation. It is a question' that docs not draw the sympathies of members when in the House, however they may rave about it before they get in. As ah ideal it is excellent, ns a practical tiling it is labelled dangerous. This wiis the feeling "that Dr Maloney impressed upon the House. For a member of the Land Nationalisation League the speech was indeed impotent, a question that can boast of a whole league to itself, and unlimited enthusiasm in its devotees, was surely worthy of something better than a ten minutes halting address. But that was where the cruelty of Mr Zox’s action came iu, and where the Machiavallian smartness of the premier was shown. Who could in dulge in the usual oration on such a" high class subject iu the face of city influences; and, above all, who could talk of a policy that is said to be the salvation of the future nation yet unborn when on the other scale was supposed to hang the fate of various petty grants ? The future uations yet au burn have as little, weight as men “ who walked about in Thebe’s town threei. thousand- .years ago,” against a single solitary vote of a man “who lives and-moves, aud has his being” to-day. “A landmark in history," Mr Carter styled the debate. A sand mark iu history, probably, and just as lusting as marks in sand generally are. Given a careful prepara tion and nothing practical attached, “ Pro gress aud Poverty” would have been out done, but the weight of the grants was too much for the kite to carry. - Still more to be pitied than these were the men who affect a smaller kind of Georgism in assuming a kind of guardianship of the public reserves. Their role is somewhat easier than the land nationalists, in that they are practically the “ vested interests,” and therefore have the advantage in repelling nn attack; but for all that they made as heartless a fight as did Dr Maloney' and Mr Carter. Naturally Melbourne people are proud of their reserves, for without them Melbourne would hardly be habitable. Melbourne is usually asso ciated iu country minds with the Hurdsfield claims, where a cow stunding upon one lease had to swing its tail upon another,- and was liable to be impounded for trespass. That milk fresh from the coiv is obtainable iu South Yarra and South Melbourne we have to thank Charles Joseph Latrobe’s foresight, aud many question the policy of the Treasurer in the matter of the Kew reserves; but a reserve iti Melbourne.is one thing, a reserve in the country quite another. No amount of money could barter away the rights of the nation in Sandhurst or Ballarat, but a mess of pottage of £lO,OOO is enough to buy up all Kew, and Yarra Beud. Mr Murphy was uot about Tuesday night. Had lie been there, Warreulieip would have been amply uvenged. And, last of all, there was Mr Munro. Had lie ouly submitted his alternation policy iu reply to the Treasurer on the Budget, what might not have been accomplished 2 Speaking by the book, very much ; but so late in the day, and with so many buttles ending in smoke, the effort was thrown away. Mr Gillies smiled sweetly, and one of his colleagues whispered, “ Well, well, I did think Munro wiis going to make a suc cess—hut !” and with a light heart left his chief. The bombshell of the' member for East Melbdurue, blocked the Estimates for one night, and that was all. “Behold,'” says the wise man, “ with’how little wisdom the world is governed.” All members, both country and city, are railway travellers, aud therefore the woes of those who have to trust them selves to the tender mercies of the Railway Department met with a most sympathetic receptiou on Thursday. Mr Gillies, forseeing the storm, was ready to re form everything; but that did not stop members from unburdening their souls. It is uot often even a member of Pailiament is able to tell out his woes on such a subject; aud it was hardly likely they were going to miss the rare opportunity. Mr Hall reluted in touching tones the grave dangerthat beset the souls of men in trying to reud by such “ a dim religious light” as generally illu mines, after a manner, the darkness of a railway carriage; and said the influence was nnything but “ religious;” while members murmured their sympathy. The bad light is had enough upon a long journey; but, strauge though it may seem, it is worse upou a short suburban journey. On a long journey people talk aud sleep. On a trip to Windsor or Hawthorn people do neither. They sit bolt upright, aud stare into somebody clse’s eyes. Of course some body else Btares into theirs. Then the head is turned aside with a painful consciousness, only to fiud somebody doing the same thing, and once more somebody is looking through the ..windows of their souls, aud they aie executing a study iu blue, grey, brown, or black, as the case inay be. Refuge is then taken in the windows, only to grow dizzy with passing trains. Finally the Herakl is dived into, hut the compositors might all have been drunk for all the sense there is in the paragraphs. At last home is reached with an aching head and meau sort of feeling that makes sensitive people resolve henceforth to ride on the dummy of the trains. The sad stories of Thursday night were all iu this strain; but the lowest deep will have to be reached before the reform will come. When the light gets too bad to play “ Nap,” mem bers will rise in their wrath and the electric light will shine triumphant o’er our heads. The story of refreshment room troubles had an element of comedy dashed into tile tragedy by Mr Bent. Mr Bent'said he thought that refreshment rooms had been reformed by the appointment of Hr B. G. Davies as in spector, by a Government of which Mr Bent was a member. Probably this accounts for tbegeneral upside-doirunesa of refreshment roomsV' 3 The' B. G. Davies episode had quite Vring of ancieut days about it, and the J .result is an eminently nutaral one. Members talked with feeling about the hopeless efforts they made', to eat the steak that broke the heart of the limn with the iron jaw, and the potatoes that had been airing on an iceberg before they were served up. What did the sensational announce ment of Mr Gillies mean in challenging are form iu these matters 2 Did it mean a Spiers and Ponds monopoly ? 