BoveUet. The Midnight Prophecy on, HEIR OF STRATHSPEY TOWERS. . By JEmma Garrison Jones. . CHAPTER XIV. TUB PLOT THICKENS. ! . Sovenoaks nnd Cavendish Marior, as wo beforo stated, were contiguous;'and vvoro two as line estates lis tho county contained.. Tlio manor belonged to Lady lJrumiiiond for her lifo-titnc, and it. was her custom to visit the old place once or twice a year. ;It was therefore quite opportune that Lord Strathspey and his party were going to Sevenoaks, as Lady Cecilia was quite anxious to mnko one of her annual visits.' Sho at once 'Caused Sir Varncj, who was a most dutiful and obedient husband, to dispatch invitations to their numerous friends, to meet them at the manor for the shooting season; and at her suggestion the Earl of Strathspey did the same tiling. V Accordingly, when they reached .the end of -their journey, the earl's party found a gay assemblage of friends await ing' them. ;; ?' We arc going to have a delightful season," remarked Lady Druminond, " and you inay t.hauk me for it, mylord ; you and Sir Varnoy would have mopecl Ijero all alone*,and popped your solitary >>una,' if 1 had.not come'to the roscuo. . Men are so absurdly Stupid !" ^ ' My lady showed her white teeth in a. flashing . smile, ris the earl ''handed her into a carriage that was to convey her to tho manor, and put out her white jewel led'hand to bid him farewell. shall expect to see a great deal of you ut the manor," sho said, adding, with a peculiar look in. her eyes'and a faint suggestion of regret iirlier voico ; " you used to like the manor years ago." And 1 like it'yet," replied tho earl, gallantly; "and'shall certainly avail ' myself of your kind invitation. Of course . you'll not wait to bo invited to Sevenoaks, you and Sir Varhey." .' /.'.? Tho pleasant, good-natured, unsus picious baronet bowed, while his Hashing lady replied: ' . . , I, my lord earl; I always go wherever I please, and it will certainly please'nio to corno to Sevcmoak.s. J3ut I've fallen into shocking linbits of late ; you know how I gallopWell, I shoot, top I I shoot pheasants, my lord!" The carl did raise his eyebrows in well focod surpriao, and the gay countebS broko into a ringing laugh. "And I follow tho hounds," she con tinued, jlml -indulge in all manner of masculine, pleasuaes, Sir Varney likes it, but you are shocked, my lord?-' Sir Varney smiled indulgently on the bewitching creature who bore his name and title, and Lord Strathspey protested gallanily that nothing her ladyship pleased to do cculd shock him. 01 o ! Meanwhile, the countess and her two children, and their two nurses, waited patiently in the Sevenoaks' carriage, Colonel Chudlcigh and his wife and I several other friends having driven on !ahead. . j j " How my Lord Strathspey do admire Lady Drummond," whispered^ Lela to Judith, with a peculiar expression in lier | black eyes. J udith gave her a nuclge. " Why don't you hush 'I" elie said, "and I tend to Lord Angus. Ho's tearing the | trimming from his coat," But; Lela was not to be silenced.. " Only watch him, Judith," alio con tinued,- in a loud whisper; "his very | eyes danco as lie looks at hor 1 -.And she bo a very lovely woman, my Lady Drum- i tnond. What a pity tho countess ain't likelier." ' . Will you hold your tongue ? re turned Judith; gathering Lady Pearl in her arms and moving to tlio opposite side.' . " ' '.'How sriyage you are, to be sure, continued Lela; "t'ain't no harm I'm say ing', I'm sure, and everyone knows it. The cbiicinnan was speaking about it last night, mid lie says .tha; the earl and Lady Drummond used- to bo lovers, and that-" - .' "Shut up, I say!" snapped Judith, her brown eyes fairly blazing,* for, glanc ing over lit her mistress, who reclined amid the cushions, she aaw that she was as whito as. death, with a wild and terri fied look in her lovely eyes. She had heard the nurse's idle words, if idle' Itliey were, and an awful fear, thrilled every fibre of her being. i What if it were so ?., She remembered ] tho old report that the earl had once ad mired. Cecilia Cavendish, and how his fathor's inexorable edict had forbidden his boyish,admiration. What if the old fancy still lived ? In j her terrible pre-occupation, sho had not noticed her husband, or ever dreamed of ] such a thing. , She watched him now with all her. .tortured soul in her eyes. He was standing in tho afternoon sun light, his noble,head bared, his fine face all aglow with pleasure and admiration, as he looked up and listened to some gay speedi Lady Drummond was making. Presently the lady extended her slender hand, and the earl kisBed it, bowing pro foundly. "Good-bye,- Lady Strathspey," cried Lady Cecilia at that moment,, as the, carl turned and left her. " I shall expect | you to drive over to the manor evory day." The countess nodded and smiled-oh, such a wan, sad smile 1-and made room for her beside her husband. ; He settlod himself down with an air of enjoyment, taking his son from Lela and establishing him on his knoc. "Now, San ford, drive like the wind," he culled. *. I'm anxious to bco the old placd ngnin. Do rouse up a little,.Mar-j gucrite," addressing his wife, " and look j at Sevenoaks Towers in tho setting sun light ; it is really annoying to have you always moping so." Tho count<js3 obeyed. Slio roused Up, and looked at Sevenoaks' Towers, and smiled and talked with a strange glitter J in her oyeB nnd a hectic bloom on hor cliceks, and in her heart, deep in her | heart, that poisoned, rankliug thorn, that the nurse's imprudent words;had im planted. The manor gentry wero dining at i Sovenoaks, a few. days after,, and to-1 gethor with tho carl's guests, thoy made a large and brilliant party. Afl day the men had' been popping at | the pheasants in ' the west copice, while j the ladies dozed over French hovels in the cool drawing-rooms ; but .the clashing of the old tower bell had called them all together, and now in their bust array they \ occupied, the great drawing-room that opened into the dining hall. The long table, with its spotloss damask and glittering glass and silver, was already laid, and'through the gor geous streamed the red, August sunlight, making the swinging chandeliers, and costly goblets, and "gilded vases, gleam and glitter as if wrought of precious is'toneB. / The Countess of Strathspey occupied a sofa at the extreme end of tho drawing* | room, with ' Colonel ? Chudloigh on one j hand1, and'Sir Vamey Drummond on tho other. j . She was magnificently robed in a blue I silk dinner dress, elaborately .trimmed with old point, and in her ears and at hor I throat burned the old Strathspey dia | monds. Her wondrous golden hair lay over, her fair brow in countless little shining curls and her cheeks glowed like the heart of a bluah-rose, while her eyes, her lovely sapphire eyes, fairly dazzled one with the .splendor of their feverish brightness; Never in all her .life had- Marguerite,' Countess of Strathspey, looked more beautiful, or felt more wretch od. At the other end of tho long and magui-1 ficent apartment, in an embrasure of ouo ] of the stained windows, sat Lady Drum mond. ? ' - :? She wore a dress of some light, gold-1 hued fabric, that brought out iii wondrous perfection all the "glorious tints-of her Hebe-like face, and her Hack braids and her heavy curls were held in placo by thick bands of red. Indian gold: ' . ? I Cleopatra herself - never looked more regal than did my Lady Cecilia, sitting beneath Alio gorgeous glow of . the richly stained glass. : ' Lord Strathspey bent over her chair, i his face glowing and animated. She was turning the leaves of a landscape folio,; talking to the earl, in the ruean-1 time.''- '> ' " I'm going: to shoot td-iriorrow." she | said, with" un lirch smile ; " so you' must | come to tlio manor. I'm anxious to dis gust yon, my lord. I always was, a tonir " boy, you know.. Do you reiiiumbor, A nyus- " sho began ; thou, with a blush; and drooping lids-" wiy lonl, I mean. I bog a thousand pardons. Thinking'of tho 'old dayx made me forget; but do.y.ovi remember wh.it rare mornings we U3ed to have, galloping to cover do \vn en Willow Heath? Ah, hie J". . . | Lady Cecilia sighed, and seemed not to hear the carl's assurance that he did re-1 member. .Presently sho contiuucd, &B; if half to herself : . . " Such rure mornings ! Doar, denr, want a pity wo cannot'be always young and happy ! This humdrum married life is very prosy, don't you think so, my lord?" 3 I "Woll, I don't know," replied the oarl, with & laugh ; " I havo not found mine so very prosy, but I dare say you knoiv host, L-idy Drummond." " Of j'ourso I do,*' oiting her scarlet lip with vexation, but lautrliincr eavlv: " 3nd, (iprojios of prnsiness, we are to have a ball over at ' The Cedars.' Lady Varney drove over yesterday to toll inc. The cards go out to-ir or row, and it conies off on tho twenty-ninth-a real fancy affair-bal masque, you know ! iou ii not find any prosiness there, I It promise you. And now, do guess who's to. bo the lion," she added innocently, but with a sudden flasn in her Spanish eyes. "I'm sure I've no idea whatever,unless you mean yourself,' replied the earl. _ " Mvself 1 Oh, you stupid! Moaning myself. I should have said queen ! Who a to be the lion, I say ? Who, indeed, but Colonel Gilbert Vernoy, Lady Vernoy rt brother, just come home from India; and, bogging your pardon, my lord your wife's old lover-a charming man. You had bettor look out for yourself, my lord earl." # .. . ' . . Something in the * insinuation, and in her ringing laugh irritated Lord Strath spey. He frowned and bit his lip. ' "I can't see what "I have to fear from. Colonel Gilbert Vernoy," he replied, coldly., . ' . . " Can't you continued,'the lady, in a teasing tone. "Lady Strathspey is a charming woman, and old coals are soon rekindled. - 1 ; ' j' The earl almost involuntarily glanced across at his wife. She-was a charming woman' indeed, and nioro charming, he thought, at that moment, thaii he had ever se.en her before-she, who a day or two ago, had been so languid and listless. What could be bo secret of the sudden change? ' Only look at her now-tho countess, I mean 1" continued his companion, who had followed his glance, " is. she not glorious? Such a cliango I Downin the Tyrol she ;was like a ghost. What is the secret, I wonder-? I can-scarcely believe' her tho same person." ] "She's-like- tho rest of her sex, whimsical and changeable," replied tho earl. ' . ., . ?"Not so my lord," retorted Lady' Cecilia, half in earliest, half in jest; "we ?\yomeh always have motives, especially where our good looks are concerned. Lot me .read tho riddlo for you. Colonel. Verne;/ calls this evening. Tho cottnlcss herself told hie, not an hour ago, that she expected him. Can't you see, my lord ? I warned you to take care !" And again her wicked, teasing laugh rang out. . Por the lifo of him, Lord Sfcrathspoy could not conceal his. vexation. He was just blind and simple enough to suffer this arch-enchantress to win her object, which was to rouse his jealousy and sus picion in regard to his wife. Those British peers are only human after all, despite their noblo blood and high-sound ing titles, and as week ana as full of foibles, a goodly number of them, as tho lowliest peasant that pays them homage. Angus, Earl of Strathspey, was no excep tion. . Though a good and generous man, and pretty shrewd, he was no without liis failings. Being the. thirteenth earl of Strathspey Towers did not make liim per fect by any means. ! He glanced across, a' second time, at his wifo, in her shimmering laces and diamonds, her faco bright with feverish expectation, and a sudden thrill stirred; his heart. JI'ms it becauso this Indian colonel was coming, that she had bloomed out so V " ' . He knew th'o story of Gilbert Vernoy's early love for Lady Marguerite of Auk land Oaks. He was only a young guards man then, and he was vory desperate when lie found thore was no hope for him, aud talked a good deal. about' blowing 'liis brains out, but concluded to' go with his regiment to India instead. 'And here lie was back again, a colonel, and a bachelor still. ? '. ; Lord. Strathspey gnawed at his mous tache, and watched iris beautiful countess with covert glances. Poor, blind Lord Angus, he could not see, ho could not dream, and there was no friend's tonguo to whisper him tho truth, that his poor, loving, constant wife, stung by cruel jea lousy, had thrown . oil' her lethargy, her terrible sorrow, and by nil cll'ort almost superhuman, had bloomed out in all tho beauty she possessed, hoping to hold his lovej hor dearest treasure, which she saw, with a woman's quick perception, was slipping from her. Her husbiind did not dream of this, which Lady Cecilia well enough know, and her wicked oyos gleamed with triumph as she watched tho earl's moody face, <uid saw that licr random arrow had struck homo. . : lint the clanging of the groat dinner bell brought this littlo side-play to an abrupt close, aud the earl and his guests: iilod through tho glittering rooms, and sur rounded the magnificent board, allsauvity, and Biniles, and honeyed words, too well bred and solf-posseasud to betray even a suggestion of bitter and torturing passions tliat filled their hearts. 