CHURCHMEN AND NON- CONFORMISTS. A question of no small frequency and no small difficulty in the minds of Churchmen, respects their relations to Christian effort outside the limits of their own communion. With this is inseparably bound up the question of their relations to those who from time to time originate and con duct such effort. It appears to us there is a good deal of loose and erroneous thinking on this subject, and that the present fashion of dealing with it, both in conversation and in practical conduct, might with great advantage be revised. To begin with, it should be noted that the differences which separate our Non-conformist brethren from each other are, in spite of their permanence, very much less of ?the nature of principle than of detail. It is a principle with all of them to act according to the will of God as revealed in Holy Scripture. So they say, and there is not the very slightest reason to doubt what they say; The Presbyterian draws one set of inferences, the Congre gationalist or Independent another, the Baptist a third, and so on right through the whole circle of evangelical nonconformity. On one great and vital principle they have built up endless differences of detail, and it is by the details and not by the principle that their mutual separation is ensured. Reciprocities are facilitated accordingly, and involve no compromise. A churchman occupies a different position. He rests on Holy Scripture with a completeness7, which is at least equal to that of his nonconformist brother. I£ he is in orders he has bound himself in the most solemn manner never to teach as necessary to salvation anything whatever which he is not ' persuaded may be concluded and proved by the Scripture.' If he is not in orders he is continually reminded of the supreme authority of Holy Scripture ; he has no choice but to become acquainted with the contents of Scripture, and he is from time to time . specially admonished of the unbounded and priceless blessing secured by the study of Scripture. No noncon formist, then, can claim an advantage over us in this first and nlost vital respect; But we are also bound by our prayer-book. Those collects which, as was said by the late Lord Macaulay, have given help and consolation to forty generations of Christians, are bound up in living and organic union with a theory of church government, with a theory of sacraments, with a theory of ministering to the congregation. Our contention for the truth of those theories rests primarily on Holy Scripture. It has a second basis — not a secondary one — in the traditions of the first ages of the church. Those traditions establish with entire conclusiveness that, in the apostolic sense of it, there can be no church if there is no bishop, and no sacrament where there is no ordination by bishops. To churchmen these things are not matters of detail but matters of principle. So far as he maintains them,the churchman acts consistently with his position. He is loyal to his Bible, loyal to his Prayer Book, loyal to his Church. The question of our right relations to evangelical Christian effort made by those outside our own communion may be simplified by the above considerations. They point unquestionably to the obligation of perfect charity, in the noblest sense of the word, towards those who, with our selves, rest upon Holy Scripture and preach Jesus the Christ. But they do not encourage alliance. They rather show that alliance would be. inconsistency. The most eminent of Baptist ministers once said he ' would rather be called a devil than a priest.' The sentiment Is hardly complimentary, and as it is certainly not worth any one's taking au se'rieux, it need not qualify our regard for the vigorous and eloquent preacher who proclaimed it. But why seek alliance with him, or with those who, if they do not use similar language, are at least, in respect of our bishops and our orders, in precisely the same position of unqualified antagonism 1 There is room enough for us as well as for them ; and the fusion which some of our brethren appear to think might be permitted, we are convinced would be as impolitic as it would be inconsistent and disastrous. Within the last few months there have been several rapprochements on this subject, both in Sydney and in Melbourne. It is only just to confess that they were not made by our nonconformist brethren. We believe that for the present all such endeavours are doomed to failure, and that it is better they should fail. The only rapprochement worth caring for just now is that which will come in all the omnipotence of light and love through the outpouring of the Holy Ghost. But the subject being of importance, and not without present danger, we took advantage a few weeks since to consult and compare notes with a distinguished nonconformist minister in Melbourne. Names were men tioned and facts discussed. The more or less informal overtures were declared short- sighted and weak, and it was said of their authors — we fear with only too much truth — ' they make our game for us !' Wherefore, we say, Charity by all means, but as to anything further, we have our own proper work, our own appointed lines, and we desire i neither the alliance which would be compromise, nor the i fusion which would be worse. 