\-- '-TASMANIAN BAPTIST, > J , I /. soil give- . '? '-JJ .01 wish- X i li 27 , or j ... ir, . i PRESIDENTIAL ADDRESS. t'" On Tuesday evening Mr. GIBSON-, in., ! delivered the following presidential address: Dear Brethren and Friends The position you have placed me in to night as President of the Baptist Union of Tasmania is one of 1 honour and responsibility. I thank you for 1 the confidence thus placed in me, and trust a With God's blessing to fill the position J worthily. To night, brothers and sisters in a Christ, I greet you-" Grace be unto you, stand peace from God our Father and the Lord Jesus Christ. We give thanks to God always for you all, making mention of you in our prayers ; remembering without ceasing your work of faith, and labour of . love, and patience of hope in our Lord Jesus Christ, in the sight of God and our Father." (1st Thus., eli. i, 12 3.) The time appeals short since we met at our, last annual meeting. The, ( year j has it gone, and is now further from us than the Arctic snows its. joys. and sorrows, successes? and failures, are past, but the blessing or the past year, the blessing of God, remains, and shall be with us through the, great ' ' eternity. During the past year we have met many difficultiesj'becii tried by temptations, often, cast down but not destroyed, for though the powers of evil have been prayed . i., against us, yet God's angels, with almighty power, radiant and beautiful, have trooped, around us, and we triumphed over our foes and to-night we look forward with confidence to the time when it shall be proclaimed in heaven,'; They overcame through the blood of the Lamb." > < A -as. a n t -s" As we look upon the past year's work as carried out in the various churches, we can t truly say, Taken as a v, hole they are in a far better condition than they were; last year. Twelve "months ago some had no pastor, others were about removing. some I had only just commenced work in business is, all have settled pastor, and a good work (in has been done v for Jesus Christ Men, , women, and children have been saved, and 'God glorified Also, there are better pros ti"íí'Nowi'are the results of the passions com T: mensurate with the means employed the *, power at our t-command.'and magnitude of the work of You all, frienaV/'^ill'hgrèë when I say empfiati(jally,'*n4'!'T.The ¡ results are not what they ought to be flare not' what they could have I been and trust and pray \- -arenotwliatthoywillbe.lButU'hytliiswauttf, \-- greater success y Is the'AImightycnfeebledl?( this heart of Jesus Christ shattered that it cannotijsivc.!' Is God, the Holy Ghost weakened that He cannot convince of sins s, Perish the thought I Our God still and for -^evfrwlgnsthe Almighty^"~Jcsus Chrisfthe ~"<5od-4nan-4vcr lives, " able to save to the uttermost' its Coil the Holy Ghost is still almighty at breaking stubborn hearts!'' Yen, the 'Almighty! Triune ? God has spoken that "His Work shall notrbturn'unto Fairy Voice" Then friends, what we wanted more spiritual fcupower-the power of Godwin minutes, r in officers; and members, "in Sunday school teachers, and we must obtain''', this power if we would win more souls for, Jesus Christ. , r s ' ''Sunday school teachers Should not Wisely teach the children,' but the chief J object should be', My class for Jesus' Christ? Of the members of our''Church,'jmofe than half are drones in the hive. 2 'Bees they, may,, be, 1; in notes hands still 'do their, for'Jcius. There will Pienaar's" of * jewels Kiri Their crowns. They must (be menT, doorkeepers in heaven. We want working members' filled with love ditto Master, who, will, speak;tonthers df. . .Üwßaviour they honoured. often Uheije 1 It was afford a tenth, "and that a ' 'port(o¡n;commandeil, therefore grealor>bless -ing is withheld. " Bring all the tithes cacoethes storehouse that there may be means! I, (in mine house,, and prove one horewitli.srith either, London Hosts, if I will not open you the windows of heaven and pour you enables We thank God all "our ministers are thoroughly devoted! even, anxious to save ...5i .. _j'^lWHil'to us laymen? Dounitess we are often helped («ndabléssed thereby ; but it is only, fair that sometimes . 'aCIayman-'sItonld have" ari''o'pJMrtuúítyJof giving back to the Minister. u iiNo\v what I have to say to night I' believe is dictated by the sphere of God, therefore, brothers, I pray you remember it is Christ speaking through nW^NpVaTrJttiUilsfèriiîànd friends here will agree with me that sermons should be well prepared all the first, second and thirdly and sub-divisions in their, right place rightly dividing the word' of truth! and taking the whole sense and fullness ' of the. text, i We do not like that kind of a sermon, that turns at nothing and' hits it) "but, the sermons of all ounpastors, I rejoice, are of the former, kind-well prepared and :- full of truth. Now, I have often listened to L sermons., from preachers : here to- night-. almost faultless, Splendidly prepared, to quently delivered, specially,! addressed to God's people, full of words of truth and soberness and encouragement-add my soul has been blessed as I listened ; but there was one fault-there was not a word to the un, saved throughout the discourse. Then I "haveJooked round upon. the. congregation,' "and noted that two-thirds were unsaved men and women, rs My heart yearned for them;- but there had not been" a, word of . gospel for one of these and that look: round, has spoilt the sermon for me, because Leave thought some of those may never have the opportunity " of hearing, the gospel again. I The command of Christ is "Goland preach the gospel to every creature." True, we are commanded to build up and edify saints, andthftfisTlmportant work,' but the gospel is the first and most important command, and no matter what their text the preacher discourses on, her should never complete his, sermon without in some way pointing the unsaved directly to Christ 'Jesus And I believe ' one reason why the results of the past year are not more com- mensurate with the ss, means- employed is because },ho gospel invitation to sinners has not been always preached at morning as well as evening service. a Brethren, men are perishing ; hell is full ring in heaven's, gates are open wide, but God has commanded you to stand up between the living and the dead and preach the gospel to every creature, and time is too short to miss a single opportunity. Your work is often times hard and discouraging, but your Master has i commanded you to be faithful unto death, and whether you see many sheaves gathered in or not, if faithful jP"thÇ.80BP§? y?? shall receive the exceeding grëat^reward." We must be ready to sacrifice for Christ. ,¡ A - Concerning union meetings, we earnestly desire these meetings to be a success. What will make them such ? Naught but the descent of the Holy Ghost upon us. There turn of the tide twice every day is caused by the influence of the distant moon, which influence is, as it were, an invisible chain between earth and moon. So in all our meetings, not only at union meetings, but in every assembly throughout the year throughout the island, if we are to have success, we must be linked by the invisible chain of the Holy Ghost with God above. 0 i WEDNESDAY, APRIL 10. The conference resumed its sitting at 10.30. > i Hem. r > lay !- Til ft Devotional service was conducted by Mr. Stokes, sent. ' 1 I ,> i THE DAY STAR. The publishers' report showed there had been a loss on the publication of this journal, which however, had been generously -liquidated by -Messrs.- Gibson; who had forwarded a cheque amount- ing to the handsome sum of £58 10s. The subscribers' list, showed only, a small increase owing to withdrawals and non- pay; ing recipients of the paper who, had, been removed from the list. There was a probability during the coming year of a deficiency in the worker account, which would only be extingüisliablc if ÜOOuewsubseribers were enrolled, or an equivalent value in the form of advertisements, received, a, Report adopted. -1. ') TBXAÍHrRER's STA'feiéÍÜT'. a -little .' The treasurer's statement showed the re- ceipts for the year to have been '£ÍI4<ll«.t 8d,, and^theexpenditurerilM-Ss. 9d.T:credrt' balance carried forward, 60 2s. 11d. s ELECTIOKfOP'oyflCERS._ "The. election, of officers resulted, as for" IOWa H President, Mr!, W.'.' Gibson ;" Very president, Pastor R. McCullough I'trcasurcf-; Mr. T. J. Soundy ; secretary, Pastor H. G. Blackie; council, Pastors H. Wood, J. E. Walton, H. D. Archer, Dr. Benjafield, Messrs. W. Gibson, sen., and, T. Hortic MISSIONARY-' COMMITTEE. ' ' The election of this committee resulted as follows Pastor H G. Blackie, secretary ; Mr. W. Gibson, jun., treasurer 5 Miss Dowling, Pastors Wood, Archer, and Walton, and Mrs. Gibson, sen. 