,. — 7-7— — ^ — — Evicting .a; Ghost. PHILADELPHIA TIMES. Almost every town or village has its haunted house, and the settlement of Wanda, in India, was no exception. Here a number of English officers and their families live during the warmer months, returning to their respective commands later on. The rumour that Captain Beauchamp's house was haunted was circulated by a servant. He was awakened one night by a most extraordinary noise. The door-bell was ringing violently, and a struggling, writhing noise in the wall of the house, not in one place, but several at once, and then he heard a long-drawn sigh. This was the last feather. He rushed to his employer's room, and aroused him, vowing that the place was haunted, The notoriety so cheaply earned became exceedingly disagreeable. Matters stood in this shape for some days, when one morning a party of jugglers reached the haunted house. As there were a number of children in the family the performers were invited into the grounds and gave an entertainment Finally, one of the men took out a small oval basket having an orifice in the top, and seating himself near it began to play a quaint air upon a flute. After industriously playing for a few moments up through the hole in the basket came the head of a cobra, and when twelve or fifteen inches above the basket it began to wave to and fro as if in obedience to the measure of music. After the snake dance — or the snake ' charming,' as Europeans are won't to call it — the Indian snake-charmer walked around the house, and among the bushes pointed out a hole which might have been made by a rabbit. To one of the natives he said he would take out a cobra which he thought was in the hole. Seating himself before the hole the magician began his mourniful plaint. For fifteen minutes he kept up the noise, and then from the opening there appeared the ugly, hooded head of a cobra. Another hole was soon found, this being directly at the base of the wall of the house. The man examined it a few moments, carefully, then began to play upon tho flute. Hardly had the group gathered about the performer before a most remarkable noise came from the house. First, there was a sound as of escaping steam ; then a sound of some great body striking the wall and rubbing against the timbers, Dust in clouds came from the hole, and the ' charmer ' started back in terror, overturning the man behind him. Recovering himself, he darted at the hole and, thrusting his arm in, drew out, not a cobra, but the tail of a larger snake. Astonishment was depicted on the native's face and horror on those of many of the specta- tors, as he stood holding the tip of the tail, and five feet of the body was visible, For a second the man hesitated, then regaining his courage he shouted in Hindustanee for the lookers-on to stand back, and, taking a good grip upon the tail, he pulled gradually back ward. Out it came, foot by foot, inch by inch, five, ten, fifteen, sixteen feet— eighteen, was there no end ? — eighteen feet of quivering snake-flesh as large as a man's thigh ! A quick jerk and the entire monster was clear — at least twenty feet in length— big enough to swallow a deer and yet held by a single man. The native was, however, not in the least discouraged. He clung to the tail and as the huge reptile turned towards him with an angry hiss he gave it a swinging motion by turning slowly. Gradually he increased his speed, turning faster and faster, until he seemed the centre of a wheel, the spokes of which were the- body of the python, So rapid was the motion that the snake's body was perfectly straight, and it was evident that as long as the motion could be kept up the man was safe, but if the monster could roach him he would in a moment be crushed in the horrible folds of the reptile. It soon became aparent that the charmer knew what he was about. Not far from the house stood a stout flagstaff a foot and a half through, of solid teak wood, and towards this he was gradually moving, whirling the snake faster and faster. When he was within twenty-five feet of it, it dawned upon the few spectators what ho was about to do. This was to strike the head of the reptile against the pole. Nearer he came, whirling: faster and faster, until the reptile stood out like a whip lash, and then,with a quick step forward, he brought the head of the animal against the wood with a crashing sound. He released his hold, and the great reptile doubled up in convulsive folds, digging up tho earth and sending clouds of dust into the air, finally dropping limp and lifeless to the ground. One thing was evident, that there was the 'ghost,1 The 'Conqnoror' Shears warranted to shear moro snoop than thruo pairs any other mako, ? H. Stovena and Co. Agents, Too woomba. ? 4?s FCOBIXINB !— ?Foil TUB TEETH AND HREATIt —A few drops of tho liquid 'Floriliuo' sprinkled on a wet tooth-hrash produces a pleasant lathor, which thoroughly cleanses the tooth from all parasites or impurities, hardens tho gums, provonts tartar, stops decay, gives to tho tooth a peculiar pearly whitoncss, and a delightful fragrancoto tho breath. It removes all unpleasant odour arising from decayed tooth or ' tobacco smoko. ' Tho Vraerrant Floriliuo,' boing composed in part of hono.v and swcot herbs, is delicious to tho tusto, an-1 tho greatest tbilot discovery of tho age. Price 2s. 6d,, of all, Ohomisti and Porfumors AVholesalo depot 33/ Far'riugdou Road, Lou. don, England, ? ' 