£ftetcbei\ Some Similes* 'The child of the past arid the parent of the future' is not an unhappy simile for the— present. Happiness lias been likened to a ghost ; all talk aboat it, but few, if any, have evor soen it. Ambition s ladder rosts against a star, remarks a olever writer, who also tells us that a provorb iB a short truth sandwiched between wit and wisdom. ... Eloquence is a coatof many colors judi ciously blended. No one thing will, make a man eloquent. Flattery has been termed a kind of Dad money_ to which our vanity gives currency. Sooiety, like shaded silk, must be viewed in all situations, or its colors will deceive us. Kindness is the golden chain by which society is bound together ; and charity ia an angel breath ing on riches; whilo graves nave been poetically called the footsteps of angels. Language is a slippery thing to deal with as somo may find when selecting their similes. Says a certain writer, — 'Speak of a man's marble brow, aud he will glow with conscious pride, ^ but allude to his wooden head aud he's mad in a minute.' ? ? Tho young lecturer's similes wero gath ered in a heap' wliou ho expressed tho whole body of liis argument ondecoitin the following: — 'Oh, my brethren 1 the snowiest shirt front may concoal an acliinjj bosom, and thostiffost of all collars encircle a throat that lias many a bittor pill to swallow.'^ It has been truly said that tho abilities of man must fall Bhort on one side or other, liko too scanty a blanket when you are in bed ; if you pull it upon your shoulders, you leave your feet bare ; if you thrust it down upon your feet, your shoulders are uncovered. The man, we are told, who has not anything to _ boast of but his illus trious ancostors, is liko a potato — -tho only good belonging to him being under ground. . . A man at a dinner in evening dress has been likened to a conundrum: you can't toll whether he is a waiter or a guest. A Yankee, describing a lean opponent said, 'That man doesn'tamoiint to a sum in arithmetic— add liim up and there's noth ing to carry.' An American critic m reviewing a book said, — 'The rhythm sounds like turnips rol ling over a barn floor, while some lineB appear to have been measured with a yard stick, and others with a ten foot pole.' An amusing illustration was given by a parent when asked by his boy, — 'What is understood by experimental and natural philosophy.' ' If anyone wants to borrow money,' he answered, 'that is experimental philo sophy. If the other man knocks liim down that is iiatural'philosophy V' Curious and comical illustrations seem natural to many children. A little girl, suffering from the mumps, declared she felt as though a headache had slipped down into her neck. 'Mamma,' said another youngster, alluding to a man whose neck was a series of great rolls of flesh, 'that man's got a double chin at tlie back of his neck.' ! A little three-year-old, in admiring his baby brother, iB said to have exclaimed, — 'He's got a boiled head, like papa.' Talking of curious similes— among the southern languages of India is the Telogoo or Telina, so rough in pronunciation that a traveller of the nation speaking it before a ruler of Bokhara, admitted that itssound resembled 'the tossing of a lot of pebbles in a sack.' A simile for scarlet stockings is firehose— laughter is the Bound you hear when your hat blows off— and trying to do business without advertising is said to be ' like winking at a girl in tlie dark.'. An unpoetical Yankee has described ladies' lipsasthe glowing gateway of beans, pork, saur-kraut, and potatoes. _ This would provoke Marryat's exolamation of 'Such a methaphor I never met afore.' Much more complimentary was the old darkey's neat reply to a beautiful young lady whom he offered to lift over the gutter, and who insisted she was too heavy. .'.Lor, missy' said he, 'I'se used to lift ing barrels of sugar.' Wit from a man's mouth is liko a mouse in a hole ; you may watch , the hole all day, and no mouse come out, but byand by, when no one is looking for it, out pops tho mouse, aud streams across the parlor.: ' Marrying a woman for her money, says a philosopher, is very much like setting a rat-trap and baiting it with your own finger. An American writer says : — , ' A man with one idea always puts me in mind of an old goose trying to hatch out a paving- stone. Au editor's simile of man's career is summed up in tho lines : — 'Man's a vapor full of woes, starts a paper, busts, and goes.' 