' . MY EXPERIENCE OF THE . ROMAN CHURCH; ; "By One who has Passed through a Monastery .) T lfl 'wa's brought up a Boman Catholic, and 'so have .personal experience Vof the Roman Catholic system. One.of my earliest recollections is that .of being present at the baptism of a neighbour's child, and I remember being told that when the priest sprinkled the water, the child would be free from its original sin, so that if the child died it could then be taken to heaven ; while if it had died without baptism, it could never have got to anything better thau limbo ! I remember what a horror of God this produced in me. "He must be very cruel," I thought. " to be so strict about an external thing like that." I seemed from this time to take greater pleasure in praying to the Virgin Mary than to God. I was taught that this was the highest and best way of giving worship to God, that God did whatever the Virgin Mary asked Him. Naturally, therefore, most of my prayers were addressed to her, and to ner I gave my greatest love. Practically she was my God, and practically the great image in the church we attended, was the Virgin Mary for me. As I knelt before it, and 'said my prayers, I felt that the image was so associated with the person, that to me they were one. One of the first prayers I learnt by heart was the " Salve Regina," which is said after all the offices of the Church during the last half of the year. It begins: — " Hail, Holy Queen, Mother of Mercy, our life, our sweetness, and our hope." And I often used the Litany which the Church uses in the " Rite of Benediction." Here Mary is addressed by such titles as " Mother of God," " Mother of Divine Grace," " Cause of Our Joy," " Refuge of a; it tt_i ni ' jj - » Dinners, xxeip ui i>uubiiiuub« At seven years of age I made my first confession, and from that time went regularly. Even as a child, I found it very degrad ing to have to mention every fault of thought, word, or deed to a priest, though our priest was a very good man in his way, and certainly kind. He often told me that things I confessed were not sins, and that I was quite at liberty to indulge in them. Thus I soon contracted the custom of doing things which I should have thought wrong, because my priest said there was no harm in them. As time went on, my confessions became very formal, and I often told the priest that I felt no contrition, and was quite sure I should commit the same faultB again. He told me not to mind it, for, he said, that with confession " attrition " was quite enough. Attrition means a mere sorrow for sin on account of consequences. (See " Sacrament of Penance," in Father Addis's Catholic Dictionary. Burns and Oates.) Thus I had no idea of repentance. To be forgiven from Bin, I thought I had only to go to confession. I had a great horror of death without confession, for though I was taught that a man so dying might be forgiven without confeBBion, if he were unable to find a priest, through no fault of his own, yet in that case he must have perfect contrition, while I. felt_I could never arrive at more than attrition. Shortly after my first confession, 1 made my first communion. I firmly believed that the "host" which was put into my mouth by the priest was the " whole and entire Christ," though it seemed only like a wafer. I was too young to see the absurdity of the doc trine : but 1 remember feeling that the priest must be a very great man, since he was able not only to forgive sins, but also to make our Lord come down from hea ven, take the appearance of bread, and so be given to the people, or held up to be adored by them, or carried about in pro cession. Even more than that, the priest, I was taught, offered the host up in sacrifice every day, a sacrifice for the living and the dead! No wonder that the priest was practically God to me; he was the Saviour, and the Virgin Mary the object of worship. Soon I was sent to be confirmed by the Bishop, and was made to believe that at the touch of the Bishop's fingers the Holy Ghost would enter into my body and soul ! Once, being very ill, and near death as was thought, I received the last sacra ments. The priest touched me with the holy oil, and I was told that I was now ready for death, and sure. to be saved. True,I might have to suffer a little in " purgatory," but . happily my parents were ' wealthy, and so would have many masses - said oh j purpose for : me, which would be sure to deliver me before very -long;' besides, I had always worn the brown scapular, to which the Pope has .attached two great privileges (see the Sabbatine Bull— one to be saved fro® drowning, the other to have a short pur gatory.) No wonder that I looked on priests as almost' Divine beings. ' ' .. .When old enough.I wah sent to a Jes® college abroad. A certain number ot hoys here-'were 'being' 'brought ;up or. . priesthood, and T soon' had opportum of observing bow proud and conceited those lads were made, by the .thought of the priestly powers that would one day bef given to them. I often heard them say- that they would be greater than the greatest angels, Bince the angels could not forgive sins, or offer the sacrifice of the Mass. Having received the tonsure, which may be given at the age of seven, they were already considered ecclesiastics, and therefore raised above the laity. No lay person could strike one of them with out committing mortal sin. Everything that could be done to show their superi ority over the lay or non-clerical pupils was done. The youngest of them stood in rank before the eldest lay pupil. They were so favoured that no lay pupil dared to have any dispute with them, so they got their own way in everything ; and the " prefects " being taken from their number, they bad to do with the punish ment of the others. I only mention this because it Bbows the inevitable results of the priesty Bystem ; one class raised to the position of a privileged caste, the reBt made servile or indifferent. No wonder that it destroys real Christian life in the individual, in the family, and in the state. Compare Protestant States to those that are really and thoroughly Eoman Catholic! The Catechism of the Council of Trent says : " It is impossible to conceive a more exalted dignity, or functions more sacred, than that of the Eoman priest hood ; justly therefore are they called not only angelB but godB, holding as they do the place, power, and authority of God on earth." The character of the religion was much more superstitious in this foreign Jesuit college than in England. We were told that holy water would keep the devil from us, that the ringing of church bells frightened the devils away, that to kiss the foot of an ecclesiastic was a very meritorious action. We had the blessed bread of St. Hubert given us on his day, to iteep us irom maa aog bites. JNewJy baptized children were always offered to the image of Mary, a common custom in the Latin countries. We had in our college chapel a miraculous image, which was beautifully dressed, and round which naughty boys were made to crawl for a penance. We were told that the beauti ful votive offerings placed before the image I speak of, and which had been offered to it, could not be taken away without sin. Now, as the offering of these counts for merit, they are sacrificial offerings; therefore, sacrifice is in -fact offered by the Church of Borne to Mary. Sometimes the boys were made to write letters to Mary, the letters being burnt before the image. At last I was allowed to enter the novitiate of a very auBtere monastic order. The dull routine of the life here waB not, I found, very conducive to spirituality of mind. Neither was the life of the monks in the order that I had joined, half as hard as I had been led to believe, and (as I think) they wished people " in the world " to believe. True we did not eat meat, and we had a night service to attend, hut in many respects it was an easy, and certainly an idle life. Many of the ladB in the novitiate were the sons of very poor families. " In the world they would have had to work hard, and would certainly have led a less easy life than in the monastery, where they actually were taught to despise their poor parents, who, in some caseB, were going without the necessaries of life that their sons might pay the money which a ffionastic order expects from its novices. To tell thoBe boys, as the monks often did, that they were giving up the pleasures of this world to become the " espoused of Christ," was a surei way to make them hypocrites. One of the worst points of monaBticism ib the way in which it interferes with the authority of parents. Any Eoman Catho- hc is liable to excommunication if he tries to prevent a son or daughter, who has attained fifteen years, from becoming a Wonk or a nun ! Another had thing about monasticism, is the absolute sub- Dnssion of the monk or nun to his or her superior, who is supposed to hold the very place of Christ. There is no limit o it -one must not even think differently r"0?1 one'B superior. (See " The Spiri- t868" St. IgnatiuB, founder t the JeBuit order.) th riu reaB0D> indeed, to thank God a ill- health prevented my remaining in e monastery, and that in His own time ioL -?®ht me out of darkness into pgnt.— Reprinted from the Rook. Td'l.11 the footsteps of tlie ChurcKf En'r1? ,he .anBPiceB 01 the Eofiland Association, the Rev. J. above r«'i w. deliver a lecture with the title, in the Temperance Hall, Pitt- street,; next Monday night, beginning at 8 p.m. The lecture will be illustrated by a powerful lime-light lantern, with views of many places of interest, in the Holy Land, Italy, the Mother Gonntry, &c.;, collected by Mr. Hargrave, during a recent tour. Ad mission will be free. The lecture should be a most instructive as will as interesting one ; and Mr. Hargrave having visited the scenes himself, especially those which are ever hallowed by the memory that Our Lord lived among them during his sojourn in this world, will be able to epeak with accurate knowledge, and special interest of those places. We hope parents will seize the opportunity to bring then children to this, and all each opportunities as this, in.order (bat Ibey may be built up in that protestantism which has been the glory of our race, and may have thus vividly and pleasantly presented to their minds, Bccnes of interest, spoken of in holy wiii- j puu uuuoo iu i⁣ waUJt) ui Uur (ttbr. Proposed resignation of Air. Crick. — Mr. Criek, the Roman Oatbolio member for West Macquarie, whose most recent disgraceful language and .disorderly conduct in the Legislative Assembly, is men-' tioned in another column, and hiB nominal punishment therefore ; on Wednesday, in the House, said that be deeply regretted the ill- advised action he had teken when under excitement, and he intended to resign his seat, and let the electors soy whether tbey con sidered his conduct such as to disqualify him from representing them in Parliament. If he could, by stopping out of Parliament for the next three years, efface the memory of what had, happened, he wonld gladly do it. He tock the whole responsibility of it, and his party should not be blamed. Mr. O'Connor here interjected — "Yon ought not to resign." Mr. Abbott said the proceedings of Parliament had been locked upon dnring the past week with absolute honor-throughout the country. There was no palliation' for the conduct of the member for Weit Macquarie, and if he could net restrain himself he had better stay out of the House. He hoped the House next session would mrke the atanding orders as stringent as possible. He was pleased with the speech Mr. Crick had just made, and with hie intention to go before his constituents ; and he believed there was a useftl career before Mr. Crick if he tock care of himself. When hon. members were ordered, into /I11 fit O/l ft tliavi O Vl an I J lv/v mn Ja A a a ILaa vusivuj sucj r DUUUIU UO UjQUw IU DlttJ llivIO until punished, and he would Ike to have seen the hon. member kept in ouitody until he had paid a eubetantial fine. Mr. Lyne said the Oppcsilion as a body were pleased with the sentiments expressed by the hon. member. In this Mr. Crick has done decently, for once ; and we hope the leason he has received may improve his manners and language in future; The Parliament neglec ted to purge itself of the hon. member when he was disgracing it and his conet'tc- ency ; and it remains now for the electors of West Macquarie to express their opinion whether Mr. Crick propeily represented them in his recent exhibitions. 