( Gathered Grain. I The beard of the Princo of Wales is growing .very gray. Offioial statistics- show that 238, 0C0 strangers visited Vienna in 1888. A permanent library, composed solely of books written by women, is to bo established in Paris. At Monte Carlo £14,000,000 chango hands annually, and tho bunk's percontugo amounts to £700,000. An ico falace built at 8t. Petersburg ooatff'ns bed, furniiute, orormcnts, stoves, &c.;, all made of ico. Dr. Nan6en, who crossed' Norway on snow-, shoes, will now make an ' effort to reach the North Pole. . \ ... Tho suits of the Lord Mayor's ltvery servants, cof-tnearlj £100 e„ch. At the end of.thevejr they aro told for a few pounds. Cnn»da has a publiodebt of ovor£40,00O,0r0. If Uncle Sara mau-ics this maiden it will suit ly be for love, not for monoy. Iu Prance juggling is taught for the benefit of tbo healta. It brings the muscles of the arms and chest and baok into play. ? ? Tliore. is on exhibition in London tho biggoBt cheesO of tho period. It weighs S, 300 lbs., .and was made from the milk of 4,260 cows. The London gaB co'mp vr*' on a. rt :ent foggy day, BuppV'cd 105,048,000 oubio feet of gas, tho largest daily output ovor recorded. The total enrolment for the whole cf tbe United States schools is given 3111,433,297; the average attendanco is 7,279,516 — 93-56 pr : cent. Talmngo does not believe in precocious child ren. He haB noted a great many of them, and discovered that theiiT smartness all ran to rascality. The recent rumours to tho effect thatthePope has been having fainting spells are denied. He continues to hold his customary receptions, and his health is good. At Maidstone, England, as proved by in vestigation, 109 electors accepted £1 fioh^i vote for a candidate and then oast their ballots i for tho Opposition. Tho young German Emperor's purchase of a £6,000 Pullman car for his private use shows tbat he appreciates a good thing even if it does come from Amcrica. A new sort of coursing ia complained of in the English journals, being a regular hunt, by well-to-do young men, of cats with bulldogs in 1 he metropolitan arena. A Berlin journal says, speaking of tho Paris election, 'ThePrenoh mean onoo more- to bo ' La GrandcNation.' ' This is the significance of Boulanger's success for. Germany. Geo. Smith, a coloured man in Cairo, put a billiard ball in his mouth to show that it could be done, but the deatut had to remove some of his teeth to prove thjt it was a fooliih aot. Mr Daniel Wilson, whose corrupt practices caused the downfall of President Grevy, his father-in-law, now lookB like an old man, and appears to be hopelessly broken down in spirits. Tho statistics of Now England, .America, prove tbat sevtn out of every 10 womon leii wifows under tbe ag6of 35 marry again withiu two years. They are probably obliged to or st..rvo. It has been Fettled in Cincinnati that a society reporter who attends a party by request, to write it up, is entitled to eit down at table, with tho guests, intteud of eating a cold biscuit in the back yard. It is said that the Southern Pacific and tho Union Pacific railroads have deoided to reduce the time of tho Golden Gate special so as to make the run between Ean Franoieco and Now York in 102 hours. Too hind buttons used on the coatB worn iu Amcrica cost £500,000 a year, and are of no earthly account. Think of how many bars of ' soap that money would buy! And soap is tomething that you feel tho d'rect benefit of. The Le Peral, designed- by Lieutenant Peral, of tho Spanish navy, is calculated to have a sui-uco speed of 12 knots and a 10-knotpace when partly submerged. She is intended to remain under water without a renewul of her fresh air supply being neoessary-. The French colony at Moscow lately opened a subtcription for a' monument to be ereotsd there to the French soldiers who died in 1812. Buntians aB well asFrcnohmenhavo subscribed, und a French architect, M. Didiov, has made a design for the commemorative structure. Chinese imperial astrologors declaro that tho recent fire in tho emperor'B palaoe at Peking waB an evil omen, intended aB a warning against the approaches of western inventions. As a result of this deolaration an imperial decree has been issued prohibiting tho further extension of the Tientsin railway, George Heidel, a young, farmer, disguised as a ghost, steppeJ from tho roadside in front of William Tompkins, eoloared, who was return ing from tho wouds with an axe on his shoulder, noar Evansville, Ind.,. and tho frightened Negro, with a terrifio blow of the axe, cut Hcidcl's head completely in two. The fastest protected cruiser built last yoar was tho Plemonte, purchased by the Italian Government from Sir William Armstrong aud Co. She is upward of 2,500 tons displacement, is oxpccted to make 21r5 knots speed, and de velop 12,000-horsej.owor. Her battel y is Bis 6-inch brcechlouding rifles and six 36-pounder rapid-fire gunB. Four Chinese were scalded to death , by a gevper at Canyon City, near Yellowstone Park. They had built a washhouso ovor a hot spring, but by some means, whether accidental or through the mischievous propensities of miners, the Chinese soapbox was upBet in the spring, and a lively goyser followed. The bodies of the Chinamen were found some distance from tho tccno. Tho goyser lasted thrco-qaartcrs of an hour. 