MAD NELLY'S CURSE. A True Ghost Story. By JOSEPHINE BLACK. The December evening was closing in cold and foggy. The rich old tapes try curtains were not yet drawn in the drawingroom at Ballyytner, and the deep fringe of old trees circling the portion of the lawn visible from my seat, beside the carved marble mantle piece, neath which the heaped fire of turf laughed joyously behind the bras fittings of the grate, loomed ghostly, like the spirits of the fog and damp of our Northern climes. My young wife stood in the graceful old bay-window, and her pretty figure in one of these quaint velvet gowns, so much in vogue of late — her soft brown hair piled deftly up on top of her head, seemed to be well in keeping with the beautiful old room. Everything in it, spoke of a long line of wealthy occupiers. Rare old pictures hung on the walls, ex quisitely carved panels ran round it, rich old carpets, the softly-toned hues of which came not in an old new style from a fashionable upholsterer, but had grown gradually fainter through years of care for their richness, covered the floor. Even to the exquisite bowl of old china on the table, now heaped with bright berries and branches of Autumnal tint and clusters of wild nuts, all showed a home rare indeed in Ireland, where wealth and rich goods had been garnered and treasured from generation to generation, where the owners had never known those sad days that have fallen to most families in it, when, sooner or later, the trea sured goods of years have come to the hammer, either through the fault of spendthrift owners or through the exigencies of times, when right or duty had demanded that home and all, should be given up for the call of religion or patriotism. Perhaps, it is almost a natural sequence to this, to say that I was the first Catholic owner of the place. The descendant of a long line of a staunchly, or, shall I say, bitterly Protestant family, my father descend ant of a younger brother, and one of a branch of a family long separated from the parent stem, had never even seen the place, but had emigrated early in life to seek his fortune in a distant Colony for reasons of his own, which have no bearing on my tale. Suffice it to say, they were honourable and praise worthy. In this colony he met and married my mother — a most devout Catholic, who had been brought up at a convent at home, and who, adorned, by her virtues as well as by her beauty, the Colonial society to which she was somewhat suddenly introduced. On his marriage with her, he became, from honest conviction, a fervent and de voted convert to the Catholic Faith, and I, their only son, had the grace of being brought up in as deep a love and devotion to the old Faith, and to Ire land, which I had never seen, as the united efforts of the truly saintly pair could instil into my, I fear, unworthy heart. My wife also had the advantage of being educated at home, and, from the time of our marriage, two years ago, I had very much longed to bring her to Ireland, either for a visit, or, if possible, to settle there. We had sometimes joked together about Ballytner, and built wonderful castles in the air as to what we should do, in the event of all the Protestant Tyners suddenly dying out, and leav ing me, Edmund Tyner, as sole surviv ing representative of the family. We had not the least idea but that the family was in a flourishing condition, with many a branch between us and the centre of the family tree — ours having spread away from that centre, as I have said, some generations before. We little knew, that the last Protestant Tyner was dragging out a kind of dy ing life, travelling from town to town the Continent ; but one day, the English mail arrived with a letter from a well-known firm of lawyers, announc ing that Mr. Algernon Tyner was dead, and that they awaited my in structions as the next-of-kin in the arrangement of his property, of which I was the sole possessor. My first thought was, what happiness this would have given my father, who had died some years before ; but, the dear mother being still left, there was much cause for rejoicing, and by the follow ing mail, we left, a happy little party — my mother, myself, and wife, and baby son one year old. A pleasant voyage it was. One or two other families of our acquaintance, old friends who, like ourselves, had striven to help and support the Faith in that far land, happened to be coming to visit Ireland, and promised ere long for to come and inspect our grand inheritance, and en joy a housewarming befitted to so rare a piece of luck. So this is how I came to be comfort ably ensconced in that beautiful old room at Ballytner that December evening, admiring my wife's pretty figure as it came between me and the view of foggy spectral trees outside. " Do you know, Ed !" she answered laughingly, as she turned towards me, " I hope you will not think I am long ing for the flesh-pots of Egypt, when I say that we do miss the sunshine a bit, coming back to the old land ; but in the two months we have been at home, have often thought how Mrs. Bryan remarked when she came back from her trip home last year, that she was glad to get back to see the sunshine again, as she had not seen it in Ireland." " Treason ! treason !" I answered, coming over to join her at the window. " I wonder who was the little girl I knew about three years ago, whom I met at a picnic. I ventured to sug gest that there was one great advantage in our Colonial weather, that we could fix an outdoor amusement or excursion any time ahead, and be pretty certain of a fine day for it — no disappointments, no umbrellas, unless as protection against sunshine, no postponements as in the old countries ; and the little girl answered rather pertly I thought : " Spring would be but gloomy weather, if we'd nothing else but Spring ! wherever she got that quotation from. "I wonder you took any further notice of such a pert young person," was the saucy rejoinder, "and you know well enough how delighted I am, to get back to the dear old land, and have to pinch myself occasionally, to be sure it is all true, and nearly pinched poor baby by mistake the other day ; but these kind of days, and, indeed, most of the weather we have had, gives the place a damp and desolate look, as if the poor old country was worn out, weeping so much over her troubles, and wanted some of the youth and vigour of the new countries to come back and brighten her up a bit ; and I am sure you must feel what I mean." " A very poetical idea, indeed, and no doubt I feel it," I answered, "but I am not to the manner born, as you are, and it would not be wonderful if I, a Colonial, did feel Autumn weather at home a little 'damp and desolate,' as you describe it. However, let us hope the weather will be brighter now. I would not wonder if we should have some nice frost, and frosty weather with a bright sun is very jolly for Christmas. I hope we shall have quite an old-fashioned Christmas, and make all the poor about us happy, as well as ourselves, and I can promise you when you have the Casey girls, and the whole family of Turner, with one or two of my bachelor acquaintances let loose in the house next week, it will be any thing but desolate." At this moment, some feeling made me look towards the door, as if I felt I expected to see someone there. The door was at the end of the room, away from the fire, but a very bright blaze, which threw a light on the part of the room where it opened, shone distinctly upon a strange figure standing just within the room-— a handsome, stately old man, dressed in the fashion of the last century, his hands clapsed over a stick with a golden head, on which the firelight gleamed brightly. I noted that old rich lace was ruffled about his wrists and shirt-front somehow. The flash of a diamond played in its folds on the breast, and on the buckles of his shoes. The handsome features were disfigured by a wicked scowling expression, and the eyes seemed to burn with hatred as they gazed straight into mine. I had time to notice, too, that the face bore a strange resemblance to my own. The moment after, or the same moment — it all passed so quickly I could hardly tell— the door opened more widely, and my dear old mother, in her handsome black silk dress, with soft lace folded across the bosom in which flashed her favourite diamond brooch, was passing through the spot where the old man's figure had stood. Talk of transformation scenes ! This beat anything I knew of in that line, hollow with a vengeance. Remember, I had hardly time to fix my gaze on the motionless figure of the old man, than my mother's figure passed in, smiling, and unconscious of any such thing ; nor was there any figure when she appeared. To be Continued. 