THE DAY WILL COME. Br M. E. BKADDON, Aimtoi; op "Lady Audley's Seoiuit," "Vixen," "Isii.viakl," "Like and Uk- xikk," "Thb Fatal Three," &cm; Ac. Chapter XXVII. Thcodoro walked moodily along tliclano lead- ing to tho "Woat Gate, brooding over discrep ancies and difficulties in tlio case which he had set himsoif to unravel. As ho drew near Mrs. Porter'b cottage ho saw Lord Ohcriton como oufc of the porch unattended, and shutting tho door boliind him. IIo came slowly down the steps to tho gate, with his head bent and his shoulders stooping wearily — an attitude which was totally unlike his usual erect carringo, nn attitudo which told distinctly of mental trouble. Theodore overtook him, and walked by his side, at the risk of being intrusive. Ho waa very cnriou3 as to his kinsman's motive in visit ing Mrs. Portor after yesterday's conversation about Mercy. " Havo you been trying to bring about a recon ciliation between mouhor and daughter?" he asked. "No, I have told you that littlo good could result from bringing those two obstinate spirits together. You have soon for yourself what tho danghter'can be— how perverse, how cruel, wlmt a creoturo of prejudico and whim. The mothor's nature is still harder. What good could come of bringing such ft daughter back to such a mother! No, it was with no hope of reconcilia tion that I called upon Mrs. Portor. I hftv<& been thinking very seriously of your friend Itamsay'a suggestion of mental trouble. I re- rryot th«t I did net act upcr. the hint cccncr, ar.d get niy friend Manwaring to sec her and adviso upon tlio ease. I shall certainly consult him about her, but as ho has a very im portant practice and a largo establish ment under his care, it may bo vory difficult for him to leavo London. I think, therefore, it might bo well to send Jier tip to the neighborhood of London — to somo quiet northorn suburb, for instance, within half an hour's drivo of Manwaring's asylum, which is near Hdmon- ton — then, if it should bo deemed advisable to ' place her under restraint for a time — though I cannot suppose that likely — the business could bo easily accomplished." " Your idea thon would be " " To tako her up to London, with her servant, as soon as I havo found comfortable lodgings for her in a quiet neighborhood. I have pro- i posed tho journoy to hor this afternoon, on the ground of hor being out of health and in need of special advice. It was easy to tell hor that peoplo had remarked upon her altered appear- ; ance, and she did not deny that she was ailing i I think, thoroforo, thcro will be vory little difficulty in gotting her away when I am xeaiiy to remove her." "What wns your own impression ns to lioK mental conditiou?" "I regret to say that my impression very much resembled that of your friend. I saw a 1 great chango in her since I last had any con versation with her. Yes, I fear that thcro is something amiss, and that it is no longer well for her to live in that cottage, with one young woman for her only protector nnd companion It would bo far bettor for hor to bo in a private asylum — where, hers being n very mild case, life might bo made altogether agroeab lo for her I know my friend Manwaring to he a man . ot infinite buucvolonce, and that there would' bo nothing wanting to lighten her burden." Ho sighod heavily, Thcro was a look in his face of unuttorablo care, of a despondency whioh. saw no issue, no ray of light far off in the thick- ; cning gloom, Theodore thought he looked nged by several years sinco yesterday, as if the evi- denco ot tho pistol luul struck him to tho heart., " He knows nowthat it was liis own sin that ' brought; uhdutf t h is evil," thought Theodoire. Ho could concfetvo th'o agony of tho fnther'n heart, knowing that for' tho wrong-doing of hie own youth his innocent daughter hivl boon called upon to mako bo terriblo an expiatiou Ho could penetrate into tho dark recesses of the Binnor's mind, where remorse for that early error, and for all tho falsa steps which it had necessitated, dominated every othor thought Till yestorday he might havo sup posed that sin. a tiling of tho past, atoned for and forgiven — its evil conscqvionces suffered in tho past, tlio account ruled off in tho book of fato, and tho acquittance given. To-day ho know that his sin had cost liim his daughter's happiness, nnd over and abovo that hoiTorof thq.pastr-'thoro lay before liim tlio haza.rd of some still grcator horror in tho future. Could anybody wonder that his eyes wero sunkem and dull, as they never had been before in Theo dore's memory ? Could anybody wonder at tb« strained look in the broad, open forehead ; be neath, tho eyes looked out wido apart under strongiy-marked brows; or ut tlio hard liuea nbout the mouth, which told of sharpest mental pain? Lata that evening, when Lady Chcriton had gone to bed, Theodore approached tho subject o£ the pinto!. "Did you compare the ball with tho revolver that was found yesterday 1 " he asked. "Yog. The ball fits tho boro. I don't know that tho fact goes to provo much — hut so far as it goes it is now in the knowledgo of our local police. Unfortunately they are not the most brilliant intellects I know of." "If you will lot mo havo the pistol to-night boforo we go to bed, I will go up to town by an early train to-morrow and tako it to »Scotland Yard, as you suggested." " I suggested nothing of the kind, my dear Theodoro. I attributo very little importance to the- discovery of tho pistol as a means towards discovering tho murderer. I said you mighti take it to Scotland Yard if you liked — that waa all." "I should like to do ho. I should feci bettor satisfied " "Oh, satisfy yourself by all means, "interru>« ted Lord Cheriton irritably. "You aro great upon tho Bcienoo of circumstantial evidence Thcro is tho pistol," taking it out of a drawer in the largo writing table. "Do what you liko with it." "You aro not offended with mo, I hope ?" " No, I am only tired — tired of tho wholo business, and of tho everlasting talk thero has ' boen about it. If it is a vendetta ; if tho hand that killed Godfrey Carmiohuel is to kill mo, and my daughter and her son — if my raco is to be eradicated from the face of this earth by an unappeasable hatred, I cannot help my fate. Z cannot parry tho impending blow. Nor can you or Scotland Yard protect mo from iny foe, Theodore." " Scotland .Yard may find yonr foo and loolr. him up." "I doubt it; but do as you pleaso." Theodore's train left "Warclmm at 9 o'clock. ; There was a still earlier train at 7, by which, farmers and othor enterprising spirits who wanted to tako time by tho forelock were accustomed to travol ; but to bo in timo for tho 9 o'olock train Thoodoro had to leavo Ohcriton at a quarter to 8, and to drivo to tho distant , town in tho dog cart mado and provided for j station work, and drawn by ono of two smart cobs kopt for the purpose. He left tho park by tho west gate. Hehc-31 to wait longer than usual for the opening of tho gate ; and when the chubby checked maid servant camo down tlio steps with a key in her hand and unlocked the gate, there wns that in her manner which indicated a fluttered mind. " Oh, if you please, sir, I'm sorry to keep you waiting so long, but I couldn't fiud tho key just at first, though I thought I'd hung it up on tho nail last night after I locked tho gato ? but I was so upset at my iniatrcs3 leaving so suddenly— never saying a word aboui it beforehand— that I hardly knew what I was doing." Theodoro stopped tho groom as ho drove throngh tho gate. Ho bad a quarter of an hour to sparo, and oould afford himself time to ques tion tho girl, who had a look of desiring to be interrogated. " What is this about your mistress leaving suddenly ?" ho asked. " Do ypu mean that Mrs. Portor has gone away— on n journoy ?" " Yos, indeed, sir. She that never loft home ' beforo sinco I was a child — for I've known her over since lean romombor, and novor know her to bo away for so much as a Ringlo night. And tho first thing this morning when I waa lighting tbo kitchen fire she opens tlio door and just looka in and says, Martha, I'm going to London ; don't expect me back till you sec me. There's a letter on tlio parlor table,' sbo says. Lot it lis thoro tiHit'scalled for — don't you touch it, noryefc the box,' and she shuts tho kitchen door and walks off just as quietly as if sho were going to early church, as sho has dono many a timo beforo it waa broad daylight, I was that upset ) . — that I knelt before the stove a good few minutes before I could realise that she was gone— and then I ran out .and looked after her. Sho was almost out of sight, walking up the lano to wards Cheriton." | "Had Bho 110 luggage— did sho take nothing with her ?" " Nothing. Not so much as a hand-bag.1 " What timo was this ?" "It struck six a fow minutes after I wont baek to tho kitchen. "AlThat about the letter— and the box your mistress spoke of V' "There they are, sir, on tho parlor table, where Bho left them. I'm not going to touch them," said tho girl with emphasis. "Sho told me not. and I'm not going against her." " To whom is tho letter addressed ?" " Do you mean who it's for, sir J" "Yes." ' It's for his lordship — and it's to lie there till Us lordship sends for it." " In that case I may as well give it to his lordship's servant, who can take it np to tho house presently." " I don't know if that will bo right, sir; Sho aid it was to bo called for." " Then wo oall for it. I, his lordship's oonsin, and James, his lordship's groom. Won't that do for you ?" "I aupposo that will bo right, sir," tho girl answered doubtfully. "Tho letter and tho box are both on the tablo, and / wasn't to interfere with either of 'om, and I'm not going to it. That's all I can say." Tho girl was swollen with tho import ance of her mission as being associated with a mystery, and slio was also in lively dread of her vory severe mistress, who might come down tho nr. any moment, and pounce upon her in some act of dereliction. Theodore passed hor by and went into tho sittingroom where ho had taken tea with tho Kemps to r3 and Cutbbort Ramsay. A letter lay on tho carved oak tabic in front of the window, and besido tho letter thero stood a walnut- wood box, eighteen inohos by nino. Tho letter was addressed, in a bold, characteristic hand, to Lord Choriton, to bo called for. Tho box had a small brass plato upon the lid, and a name engraved upon the plate — Thomas 0. Daroy, 9th Foot. No one who had over soon suoli a box boforo could doubt that this was a pistol case. It was unlocked, and Theodore lifted tho lid. One pistol lay in its place fitted into the velvet lined reeeptaolc — tho place for tho second piBtol was vacant. Theodore took tho Colt's revolver from liis pocket and fitted it into tho place besido the other pistol. It fitted exactly, and tho two pistols were alika in all respeots — aliko as to size and fashion, alika as to tho littlo silvor plate upon the butt, and tho initials, "T.D." Thomas Daroy ! Darcy was tho name of Evelyn Strangway's husband, and one of those pistols which had belonged at soma period to Evelyn Strangway's husband had boon found in tho well in tho fruit garden, and tho othor in possession of Lord Cheriton's protiyie and pensioner, the humblo dependant at his gates, Mrs. Porter. Theodoro changed his mind as to his plan of procedure. He did not send Mrs. Porter's letter to Lord Cheriton by the groom a3 ho had in tended, after he Uimsolf had been driven to Waroham. His journey to London might bo deferred now ; indeed, in his prosent condition of mind, ho was not tho man to intorviow tho authorities of Scotland Yard. Ho loft Mrs. Porter's letter in its place beside the pistol case, and wrote a hasty line to his kinsman at Mrs. Porter's writing tablo, where all the materials for correspondence wore neatly arranged ready to his hand. " Tho "West Lodge, 8.15. Pray come to me bore at once, if you can. I have made a terrible discovery. There is a lotter for you. Mrs. Porter has gone to London." He put these linea into an envolopjfv sealed it, and then took it out to tile groom, who was waiting stolidly, neatly tickling tho cob's ears now and again, with an artistio oiroular move ment of the lash, which brought into play ail the power and ease of his wrist. "Drivo back to the houso with that note as fast as you can," said Tiioodore, "and let his lordship know that I am waiting for him horc." Chapter XXVHL "Wen, Theodoro, what is your discovery?" asked Lord Cheriton half an hour later, tho two mon standing faeo to faeo in Mrs. Portor's sitting room, amidst tho silence of tho summor morning, a gigantic boo buzzing in the brown velvet heart of a tall sunflower) painfully, agonisingly audiblo to the youngor man'B strained ears. "There is a letter, sir. You had bettor read that beforo I say anything," answered Theo doro. It was years sinco he had called his consin sir, not since ho had been a schoolboy, and had been encouraged to open his mind upon politics or cricket, over his singlo glass of Monton or La Rose, after dinner. On those occasions a boyish respect for greatness had prompted the cere monious address ; to-day it came to his lips in voluntarily — as if a barrier of ice wore suddenly interposed between himsolf and the man he had esteemed and admired for so many years of his life. Lord Cheriton held tho letter in his hand Unoponed, while ho stood looking at the pistol ease, whero both pistols oooupied their places — ono bright and undamaged, tho other rusted and spoilt as to outward appearance at least. He was ghastly pale, but not much moro so than he had lookod yesterday after he left Mrs. Porter's cottage. " That is my discovery," Boid Theodore, point ing to the pistols, "I stopped short in my journey to Scotland Yard when I found that ease upon tho table here. I want to socuro J uanita and her son from tiio possibilities of an insatiable hatred — but I don't want to bring trouble — or disgrace — upon you if I can help it. You have always been good to me, Lord Cheriton. You have regardod tho claims of kindrad — it would be baso in mo if I were to forgot that you are ono of my own blood — that yon havo a right to my devotion. Tell mo, for God's sake, what I am to do. Trust me, if you oan. I know so much already that it will ho wisest and best for you to let me know all — so that I may help you to find tho murderer and to avoid any reopening Of old wounds. " I doubt if you or anyone else oan help me, Theodore," said hiB cousin wearily, looking straight before him through tho open lattice and across tho little flower garden' where tho roses were still in thoir plenitude of color and perfume. " I doubt if all my exporionco of life will enable mo to help mysolf even. There is a pass to which a man may come in his life — not wholly by his own fault — at whieh his caso seems hopeless. He sees himself suddenly brought to a dead stop, deep in tho mire of an impasBnblo road, and with the words ' No thoroughfare ' taring him in the faeo. I have come to just that paint." " Oh, hut there is always an issue from overy difiioulty for a man of courage and resolution. I am half in tho light and lmlf in the dark. It must havo boon tbe owner of that pistol who killed Godfroy Carmichael— but how camo tho ease and tho fellow-pistol into Mrs. Porter's possession? "Was sho that man's accomplioe? And who was he, what was he, that she should be associated with him ?" "You believe that it was a man who fired that pistol ?" " Most assuredly. I believe it wnB the man whose wife lived for many years at Myrtle Cot tage, Oamberwell Grove ; the man who called upon a house agent at Camborwell to make inquiries about his wife, and who called himsolf by the name she bore in the neighborhood — the name of Danvers. Danvers may have been only an alias for Darcy, and in that caso the mail who called upon the agent was the husband of Evelyn Strangway, and the woman who lived for so many years in the scolusion of Myrtle Cottage was old Squire Strangway's only doughter, and Captain Daroy's runaway wife." "And you think Tom Daroy murdered my ton-in-law?" asked' Lord Cheriton with a ghastly smile. "I do." "And what do you supposo to havo been tho inotivo of that murder ? " " Rovengo — revenge upon tho man who tempted his wifo away from him." "Tho our who ill used and ncglootcd his wifo —whoso conduct drovo her from hor wretched homo and justified her abandonment of him — was nover man enough to conooive such a revenge, or to hato with such a hatred. How ever, in this caso wo need not enter upon tho quostion of motive. Thero is ono reason why Tom Darcy cannot be suspected of any part in 8ir Godfrey's murder. Ho died 10 years ago, 'mad «m taaiad at ray expense in Norwood Cemetery." " Groat God ! then who could have fired that pistol ?" " The answer to that question is most likely horc," replied Cheriton quiotly, as ho toro open tho envelope of Mrs. Porter's lottor. Tho letter was brief, but comprehensive, arid all sufficing. " You know now who killed your cherished daughter's husband, and who cut short your hopes of founding a family. If she is liko ino she will carry hor sorrow to tho grave, and never marry again. If sho is liko mo all her days will bo darkened by orucl memories. Yourbrolcon promiso blighted my life. I havo blighted hor life — an oyo for on oye. I told you three and twenty years ago that a day would come when you would ho sorry for having abandoned me. I think that day has como. . " Evelyn Daroy." Lord Cheriton handed the letter to his kins man without a word. "Since you know so much of my history you may as well know all," ho said; "so know tho tho thorny pillow whioh a man makes for him self whan be saorificcs the best yoars of his lifo to an illicit love. " Theodore read those ghastly lines in silence. Tho signaturo told all. " What in Heaven's name brought Evelyn Strangway to bo a lodgckceper to tho entrance of tho houso whero she was born ?" ho asked, at last. " How could you permit such a lifelong humiliation ?" "It was hor own desire — it was at her instanco I allowed her to como hero. I opposed hor. with all my power of argument, with all tho strength of opposition. I offered to provide hor with a home in town or country — at homo' or abroad — near at hand or at the Antipodes. I offered to settle £400 a year upon her— - to sink capital to that amount— to maka hor future and that of — our child— seouro against the chances of fate." " Your child — Mercy 1 " exclaimed Theodore, "Yes, Mercy. My daughter arid hers. You understand now why sho refused my help. Sho would take nothing from her father. There was a liko perversity in mother and daughter, a determination to mako me drink tho enp of remorse to the dregs. Oh, Theodoro, it is a long and shameful story. Toyou, for the first time in my life — to you only among mankind theso lips havo spoken of it. . I have kept my -secret. I have brooded upon it in the slow hours of many and many a wakeful night. I have never for gotten — I hove not been allowed to forget. If time could havo erased or softened that bitter memory under other circumstahces I know not ; but for mq the caso was hopeless. My victim was there, at my gates, a porpetual memento of my folly and my wrongdoing." "Strango that a woman of refinement and education should elect to. fill so degrading a position !" "Perhaps only a rofincd and highly educated woman could have devised so refined a punishment. Let mo livo near you — let me livo at the gato of tho park I loved so welt when I was a child — lot me seo you pass sometimes — open tho gate for you and just see you go by — without a word, without a look oven upon your part. It will bo somo consolation for mo in my lonely, loveless life. I shall know that at least I am not forgotten. Forgotten ; as if it had been possible for mo to forget, under tho happiest circumstances even— if sho had made for horsolf a homo at tho furthest, extremity of Europe, or in the remotest of our oolonies. As it was, her presence embit tered tho place I loved — tho great reward and aim of my life. Hor shadow fell across my young wife's pathway — her influonoe darkened all my days." Ho began to pace np and down the littlo room with a feverish air. Ho seemed to find a sort of relief in talking of this burden whioh ho bad borne so long in sooretr— borno with a srailo upon his lips, suffering that silent agony which strong mon havo borno again and again in the history of mankind, carrying their eilent punishment upon, them till tho grave revealed tho hiddon canker, the festering wound-unsuspected of tho world. "Sho was cruelly treated by her husband, Theodoro. A young, beautiful woman, married to a profligate and a sot. It had been a lovo match, as tho world calls it — that is to . say, a marriage brought about by a school girl's impatience to break her bonds, and a woman's first delight in hearing horself called beautiful. She had flung herself away upon an idle, handsome reprobate, and three or four years , after marriago she found herself alone and neglected in a shabby lodging in one of the squalidest streets off the Strand. I oan seo tho wretched rooms Blie lived, in, to-day, a9 I stand here — the pitiful lodginghouso furniture, the dingy ourtains darkening tho dark and dirty windows looking into tho dark and dirty street. What a homo for youth and beauty !" Ho pausod, with nn impatient sigh, took another turn across the narrow space, and then resumed : " Our acquaintance began by accident — under nn umbrella. I met them both one night, leav ing tho littlo Strand Theatre in the rain. I heard him tell her that it was not worth while to tako a cab, they wcro so near home; and somothing in her proud, handsome face, and her contemptuous way of replying to him, caught my attention and interested me in her. I offered my umbrolla, and we all thrco -walked to Essex-street together. Just in that fortuitous way began tho acquaintance that was to givo its color to all my lifo. Tiro husband cultivated my friendship — was glad to meet me at my club— and dinod with me as often as I cared to ask him. We used to go to Essex-street aftor dining together, and fiuiBii the oveuing with hor, and so by degrees I came to know nil about her — that sho was tho only daughter of the ownor of Cheri ton Chaso, in my part of tho county; that she was very handsome, and very clever, though only half -educated ; that she had offended her father by her marriage, and that she had not brought hor husband a penny -; that ho neglected her, arid that ho drank; and that she was miserable. I came to know this very soon ; I camo very soon to love her. Sho was tho first woman I had ever cared for, and I loved hor passionately." He took another turn, and sighed again, regrotfully, despairingly, as one who looks back upon the pallid ghost of a love that has long been dead. " It began with pity. I was so Borry for hor, poor soul, her wasted life, her Blighted boauty. God knows that for a long timo I hod no thought of sin. Gradually the yearning to seo more of her, to bring somo brightness and pleasure into her lifo, became too strong for prudence, and I persuaded her to moot mo unknown to hor bus band. Wc planned little excursions, innocent enough in themselves, a morning drivo and a modest luncheon at Riohmond or Greenwioh, or Jack Shaw's Castle, a trip to Hampton Court or Windsor by boat or rail ; she had hardly any aoquaintanoo in London, and thero was little fear of her being recognised. Wo went to a theatre together now and then, and Bat in a dark stage box, happy, talking of an impossible future in tho intervals of tho performance. Wo nover said as much, but I think wo' had both a vague idoa that Frovidonco would help us — that her husband would dio young and leave ub free to bo happy together. Yes, wo wore vory fond of each other, very single-hearted in those days. Sho was only 22, remember, arid I was still a young man." Another pause, another sigh, and a look across the roses, as if across tho long lapse of years to an unforgotten past. " Heaven knows how long we might have gone on in this way, without sin, if not without treachery to the husband, who cared so little for his wifo that It seemed scarcely treachery to decoivo him. The climax wag forced upon us by circumstances. Darcy surprised a letter of mine, asking Evelyn to meet me at a theatre. Ho attaokod his wifo brutally, and her soul rose up inarmsngainsthim. She defied him, ranoutofthe house, took a cab, and came to my chambers in the foggy November evening. This was the turning point. Of course she could not stay there to be soon by my elerk and my laundress. I took her to Torquay that night, and wo spent our honeymoon moving from villago to village along that romantic coast. My hope was that Darcy would apply for a divorce, and that in less than a year I might make tho woman I loved my wife. I rojoiccd in tho thought -of his obscurity and hers. Tho rocord of tho ease would pass unnoticed in tho papers, and years henoe, when I should have made a position at tho bar, nobody noed know that tho wife I loved and honored was once the runaway wifo of anothor man. I had arguod without allowing for tho malignity of a car; Daroy wrote his wifo one of the most diabolical letters that ever was penned. by man ; he wreaked bis venom upon her — upon her, tho weaker sinner ; ho called her by all tho vile epithets in his copious vocabulary, and ho told her that she should never havo tho right to the namo of an honest woman, for that ho would sooner hang himself than divoroc her. And so she was to drag her chain for the rest of liiB life ; and so she was to pay tho bitter prieo of having thrown herself away upon a low bred seoundroL" " Hard luck for both of you," said Theodore. "Yea, it was indeed hard luok. If you could know how truly aud entirely I loved her in those days — how complotely happy wo should havo boon in ench other's society but for the embittering consciousness of our false position. Cut off by his malovolonco from csoapo by divorce, we naturally hoped for a day when wo should bo released by bis death. His habits were not those of a long livor. "We talked of tho futuro — wo had our plans and dreams about that life which was to bo ours years hence, wlion I should be making a large income, and when she would bo really my wife. With that hope boforo her sho was eon- tent to live inthestriotostsoclusion, to cconomiso in every detail of our existence, to know no pleasure except that of my society. Never did a handsome woman resign herself to a duller or a moro unsolfish existence — and yot I bolievo for tho first fow years sho was happy. AVo were both happy — and wo wore full ol hope. "I remember tho day sho first suggested to me that I should buy Cheriton Chase when it oumo into tho market. I was boginning to bo employed in important cbbcs and to got big fees markod upon my briefs, and I had takon silk ; I had mndo my name, and I was saving money. Yet the suggestion that I should buy a largo ostato was too wild for anyone but a woman to have made. From that hour, howevor, it was Evelyn's idee fixe. She had a passionate love for her birthplace, an ovorwooning pride in her raoo and name. She nrged me to accumulate money — the estate would be sacri ficed at half its value, perhaps — would go for an old song. Sho bocamo rigidly economical, would hardly allow horsolf a now gown, and hor striot delight was in the deposit notes I brought her, as my money accumulated at tho Union Bank. Sho had no idea of invostmonts or interest for my accumulations. Her notions about money were a child's notions — tho idea of saving a large sum to buy tho desiro of her heart, and the desire of hor heart was Choriton Chase. " God knows I was honest and earnest enough in those days. I meant to buy that estate, for hor sako, if it waB possible to bo done. I meant to marry her direotly Bhe was free to become my wifo. My fidelity had not wavored aftor a union of a dozen yoars or more — but Daroy was very far from dying. He had hunted out his wifo in her quiet retreat, had threatened and annoyed her, and I had boen obliged to buy him off by paying his passage to Canada — whoro ho had boen quartored with his regiment yoars bofore, and whioh ho pretended would open a new field for him. Our case, so far as ho was concerned, soemcd hopeless, and I was beginning to feel the darkness of tho outlook whon I made Maria -'s acquaintance. " It was the old, old story. Theodore — God forbid yon should ever go through that hack- nied experience. Just as the old chain was beginning to drag heavily, a new face appeared upon my pathway — a girlish face, bright with promise and hope. I saw tho opportunity of a union whioh would smooth my way to a great position— crown tho edifice of my fortune, give me a wifo of whom I might bo proud. Could I over have boen proud of the woman who had sacrificed her good name for my soke ? I was bound to her by every con sideration of honor and of duty. But there was tho fatal stain across both our lives. I oould not tako her into soeiety without tho foar of hearing malignant whispers as wo passed. How- ovor well these, social soorcts may bo kept, there is always some officious wretch to hunt thom out,' and the history of James Dalbrook's wife would havo been public property. " And hero was a beautiful and innocent girl .who loved me well enough to accept me as hor husband-- although I was. 20 years lier Eenior, loved mo with that youthful upward- looking love whieh is of all sentiments the most attrac tive to a man who has lived a hard work-a-day lifo in a hard work-a-day world. To spond an hour with Maria was to feol a Sabbath pcoce- fulucss which solaced and refreshed my soul. I felt 10 years younger when I was with her than I felt in my own — homo." Ho stopped, with a heart-broken sigh. "Oh, Theodoro, hewaro of such burdens as that whiob I laid upon my shoulders ; bowero of such a chain as I wound about my step3. AVhat a dastard a man feels himself when his lovo begins to cool for tho woman who cast hor lifo upon one chance— who has him for the begin ning and end of her existence. I have walked up and down tho quiet pathway before Myrtle Cottage for an hour at a stretch, dreading to go in, lest sho should read my treason in my face. The break came at last — suddenly. I paltered with my fate for a long time. I carried on a kind of Platonio flir tation with Maria , taking monstrous pains to let her know that I never meant to go beyond Platonics — reminding her of the dif ference of our ages, and of my almost paternal regard — the vain subterfuge of a solf-deluded man. Ono moment of impulse swept away all barriers, ' and I left OnBlow-squaro Maria's engaged husband. Her father's generosity pre cipitated matters. Squiro Strangway hod been dead nearly a year, and the estate was in tho hands of the mortgagee, who had been trying to sell it for some time. My future father-iu- lnw was eager for tho purchase directly I suggested it to him, and my wife's dowry afforded me the means of realising Evelyn's long-cherished dream." " Cruel for her, poor creaturo." " Cruel — brutal — diabolical ! I felt the black ness of my treason, and yot it had been brought about by circumstances rathor than by any deliberate act of mibc. I had to go to the woman who still loved me, and still trusted mo, and toll her what I was going to do. I had to do this and I did it— - by word of mouth — face ' to face — not resorting to tho coward's oxpedient of a letter. God help me, the memory of that scene is with me now. It was too terriblo for words ; but after the storm oamo a calm, and a week later I went aoros9 to Boulogno with her, and saw her comfortably established there at a privato hotel, where sho was to remain as long as sho liked, while she made up her mind as to her future re sidence. Tho furniture was sent to the Pan- teohnicon. Tho home was broken np for ever." " And tho daughter, whero was she ?" Lord Cheriton answered with a smile of infinite bitterness. "The daughter had troubled us vory little. Evelyn was not an exacting mother. The child's oxlstonce was a burden to her — rendered hateful by tho stain upon her birth, which the mother could not forget. Mercy's infanoy was Bpcnt in a Buckinghamshire villago, in the cottago of hor foster- mother. Mothor and daughter nover lived under tho same roof till they camo here together, whon Mercy was 7 years old." "Yet, according to villago tradition, Mrs. Porter was passionately fond of hor daughter, and broken hearted at her Iosb." " Villago tradition ofton lios. I do not bo lievo that Evelyn ever loved her ohild. Sho bitterly felt tho ciroumstancos of her birth — sho bitterly resented hor unhappy fate ; but I boliovo it was her pride, her deep sense of wrong done to herself, which tortured her rather than her lovo for her only child. 3ho is a strange woman, Theodoro — a woman who could do that deed — a woman who could could writethat lotter. Your friend has fathomod her unhappy secret. Sho was a mad woman whon she fired that shot. She was mad when she penned that lotter. And now, Theodore, I havo trusted you as I nover bofore trusted mortal man. I have ripped open an old wound. You know all, and you see what lios beforo mo. I havo to find that woman and to save her from the oonsequcnces of her orime, and to save iriy daughter and her child from tho hazards of a mud woman's malignity. You can help me, Theodoro, if you can keep a cool, clear brain, and do just what I want you to do and no more." He put asido his emotion with ono stupendous effort, and bccamo a man of iron, cool, resolute, unflinching. ' " I will obey you implicitly," said Theodore. (To be Continued.) The following iB tho report of the Viotorian Eye and Ear Hospital for the week ending 15th June: — Out-patients.— Attendances: Males, 157; females, 202 ; new cases, 50 ; casualties, 9 ; total, 418. In-patients. — Admitted, 4 ; dis charged (oared or relieved), 6; remaining in house, 37. Operations. — In-patients, 6; ont- jjatiente, J.0 ; total, 16. 