THE FROZEN PIRATE, BY W. CLARKE RUSSELL, Author of ' The Wreck of the Grosvenor,' The Lady Maud,' « A Sailor's Sweet heart,' Etc. . Chapiee XVIII. (Coxi-i-sukd.) It naturally rendered me very melancholy to reflect that I had restored this old villain to life, and I protest it was a continuous shock to such religious feelings as I had managed to preserve to reflect that what had been as good as nearly half a century of death had done notMng for this elderly rogue's morals. It entered my head once to believe that if I could succeed in getting him to believe be had lain frozen for forty-eiglit years he might_ be seized with a fright (for he Was a white-livered creature), and in some directions mend, and so come to a sense of the service I had done liim, of which he appeared wholly insensible, and qualify me to rid my. mind of the fears which I enter tained- concerning our association, should we manage to escape with the treasure. I said to him bluntly — not apropos (to use Ms own lingo) of anything we were talking about : . 4 'Tis odd, Mr. Tassard, you should doubt -my assurance that this is the year eighteen hundred and one.' He - stared, grinned, and said, 4 Do you think 60?' 1 - 4 Well,'- said I, ' perhaps it is not so odd iafter all ; but you should suffer me to have as good an! idea of the passage of time as yourself. You cannot tell ine how long your stupor lasted.' 4 Two days if you like ' he interrupted vehemently. . ' Why . more ? ' Why longer than a day ? How do you know that I had sunk into the condition iu which you found me longer than an hour or two when you lauded ! How do you know, hey ! How do you- know?' audhe snapped his fingers. 4 1 know by the date you name and ' by the year that tMs is,' said-I defiantly. " He uttered a coarse French expression, and added, 4 You want to prove that I have beeii insensible for forty-eight years.' 4.It is the fact,' said I: : . He looked so wild and fierce that I drew myself erect ready for liim if he should fall upon me. Then, slowly wagging liis head whilst the anger in' Ms. face softened out, he said, 4 Who reigns in France now ?' I said, ' There is no king ; he was be headed. ,. . What was his name ?' said ho. 4 Louisthe Sixteenth,'.! answered. 4-Ha' !'' cried' he,' with an arcli.sneer ; 4 Louis tlie .Sixteenth, hey ? Are yoii "sure it wasn't Louis the Seventeenth Y -. . 4 He is dead, too.' /' . . 4 This is newi, Mr/Rodney,' said he scorn-- fully. 4 " ' . 4 Whilst you have been" here,', said I, 4 many mighty changes have happened. France lias produced as great a general and as dangerous a villain as the world! ever beheld ; his name is Buonaparte.' He shrugged Ms shoulders with an air of mocking pity. 4"Who is your king ?' he asked. ' George the Third,' said I ; 'God bless him.!' . . 4 So — George and Louis-r-Louis and George, I see how it is. Stick to your dates, sir. But, my friend, never set up as a schoolmaster.' This sally seemed to delight . liim, and he hurst into- a loud laugh. 4 Eighteen hundred and one !' he cried. 4 A man I knew once lost toil thousand livres at a coup. What do you think happened ! They settled in Mm here ;' he patted Ms belly : 4 he went about bragging to everybody that lie - was made of money, aud was nicknamed the walking bourse. One day he asked;/ a' friend to dine with him : ' when the . bill was presented he felt in his pockets, and exclaimed, " I left my purse at home. No matter, there is plenty here;" with which ho seized a table-knife and ripped him self open. Eighteen hundred and one, d'ye call it? Soil. But let it be yaw secret, my. friend. The world will not love you for making it fifty years older than it is.' It was ridiculous to attempt to combat such obstinacy as tliis, aud as the subject produced nothing but excitement and irrita tion, I dropped it and meddled with it no move, leaving him to his conviction that I was cracked in this one particular. Li faet,- ifc .was a matter of no consequence at all ; what came very much closer home was tho business of our deliverance, and over this we talked long and very earnestly, for lio forgot to be mean and fierce and boastful, and I to disiike and fear him, when we spoke of getting away with our treasure, and re- turning to our native Home. For hour after hour would wo go on plot ting and planning and scheming, stepping about the cook-house in our earnestness, and entirely engrossed with tlie topic. His con tention was that if we were to save the money aud plate, we must save the schooner. 4 Unless we build a vessel,' said I. 4 Out of what ?' 4 Out of this schooner.' 4 Arc you a carpenter ?' said he. 4 No,' I replied." 4 Neither am I,' said he. 4 It's pos sible we might contrive such a struc ture as would enable us to save our lives ; but we have not the skill to produce a vessel big enough to contain those chests as - well as ourselves, and the stores we should require to take. Besides, do you kuow there is no labour more fatiguing thau knocking such a craft as this to pieces ?' This I very well believe, and it was truer of such a vessel as the Boca del Dragon that was a perfect bed of timber, aud, like tho Laughing Mary, built as if she was to keep tlie seas for three hundred years. 4 And supposing,' said he, 4 after infinite' toil we succeeded iu breaking up as much of lier as wo wanted, what . appliances have we for re-shaping the curved timbers ? and where are we to lay the keel ? Labour as wc might, tlie cold would prove too much for ns. No, Mr. Rodney, to save the treasure, ay, and to -save ourselves, we must save the sliip. Let us put our minds to that.' " In this way we would reason, and I con fess he talked very sensibly, taking very practical views, and indicating difficulties whicli my more ardent and imaginative nature might liave been blind to till they immovably confronted me, and rendered days of laboiu- useless. But how was the ship to he saved? W as it "possible to force -Nature's hand; in other words, to anticipate our release by the dissolution of tlie ice 7 We were both agreed that this was the winter season in these sens, though lie instniitty grew sulky if I mentioned the month, for he was as certain I was as mad in this as in the year, and he would eye me very malignantly if I persisted in calling it July. But, as I have said, we were both agreed that the summer was to come, and though we could not swear that the ice was floating northwards, we had a right to believe so, in spite of the fierceness of tlie cold, this being the trick of all these frozen estates when tboy fetch to the heights under wMch we lay ; and we would ask each other whether we should let our hands and minds rest idle and wait to see what the summer would do for us, or essay to launch the. schooner. 4 If, said he, 4 we wait for the ice to break up it may break us up too.' 4 Yes,' said I ; 4 but how are wc to cut the vessel out of tlie ice in wMch she is seated to above the garboard streak ? "Waiting is odious and intolerable work; hut my own conviction is, nothing is to he done till the sun comes this way, and tlie ice crumbles into bergs. The island is leagues long, aud vanishes in the south ; hut it is wasting fast in the north, and when tMs gale is done I shall expect to see twenty bergs where it was before all compact.' _ As you may guess, our long conversa tions left us witiiout plans, bitter as was our need, and vigourons as were our efforts to strike upon some likely scheme. How ever, if they achieved no more, they served to beguile the time, and , what was better yet, they took my companion's mind off Ms nauseous and revolting, recollec tions, so that it was only now and again, when he had drained a. full- bowl, and his little eyes danced in their thick- shagged caves, that he regaled me with Ms memories 'Published by special taraiigement with the author. —an— — cem— na—a— of murder, rapine, plank-/ walking, hanging, treacheries of all kinds, and cruelties too barbarous for belief. Chapter XIX. — IYe Take a Vrfiw of the Ice. For seven days the gale raged with un common violence ; it then broke, and this brought us into the first week of August. The wind fell in the night, and I was awakened by the sileitce, which you will not tMiik strange if you consider how used were my ears to the fierce seething and strong bellowing of the blast. I lay listening, believing that it had only veered, and that it would come on again in gusts and guns ; but the stillness continued, and there was no sound whatever saving the noises of the ice, which broke upon the air like slow answers from batteries near aud distant, half whose cannons have been- silenced.- I slept again, and when I awoke it was half -past nine o'clock in the morning. The Frenchman was snoring, lustily. I went on deck before entering the cook-house, and had like to have been blinded by the astonish- ing brilliance of the sunshine upon the ice and snow. All the wind, was gone. . The air was exquisitely frosty' and sharp. But there was a heavy sound/ coming from the sea which gave me to expect the sight of a strong swell. The sky was a- clear blue-, and there was no cloud on as much- of- its- face as showed betwixt the brows of the slopes. The schooner was a most wonderful picture of droopiug icicles. A more beautiful and radiant sightyou could not|figure. From- every rope, from the yards forward, from-the rails, from whatever water could run in a stream, hung glorious ice-pendauts of prismatic splendour. .No snow had fallen to frost the surfaces, and every pendant wis as pure and- polished as cut-glass aud reflected a -hundred brilliant colours. ; - The water hurled over and- ou the schooner had frozen upon the masts,, rigging, and decks, and as this ice, like the the pendants, was very sparklingly bright, -it gave back all the hues of the sunbeam, so> that, stepping from the darkness : of the cabin into this. . effulgent scene, you might easily have persuaded yourself that before you stood tho fabric pf a ship fgshioned - out of a rainbow. , r- : My attention, however, was. quickly with drawn from this shining spectacle; by the appearance of the starboard cliff over against ourtpirater. The whole shoulder of it had broken away, and I could just catch a view of the horizon of the sea from tlie deck by stretching my figure. The sight of the ocean showed ine that the breakage had been prodigious, for to have come to that prospect before, I., should have had, to climb to the height of ithe main lower masthead. No other : marked or,, noteworthy change; did < "I detect from tiie depk ; hut on; stepping to - the lar board side to peer over I spied a; split in the ice that l-oached from the: very margin of the ravine, I mean to that end of it; where it terminated in a cliff, to pass the.bows of the schooner by at least four times her own length. I returned to the cook-room and went about .the old business oi;ligbting the fire and preparing the breakfast — this job, by an understanding between tlie Frenchman and me, falling -to liim wbp: was first out of bed— andin about twenty minutes Tassard arrived. 4 The wind is gone,', said he. 4 Yes,' I replied, ' itis a bright, still morn ing. I have been on deck. There lias been a great fall of ice close to. ' ' Does it block us ?' . 4 No, ,0u the contrary, it clears the way to the sea ; the ocean is now visible from the deck. Not that it mends our case,' I added. 4 But there is a great rent in the ice that puts a fancy into my head ; I'll speak of it later after a closer look.' The breakfast was ready, and we fell to in a hurry,' the Frenchman gobbling like a hog in his eagerness to make "an end. "When we : were -finished he wrapped himself np in thico or fonr:coats and cloaks, warming the under ones -before folding them aliout him, aiul completing his preparations for tlie excursion by swallowing half a pint of raw brandy. I bade him arm himself with a short-headed spear to save his neck ; and thus equipped we went on deck. He stood stock-still with his eves shut on emerging through the hatch, crying out with a number of French oaths that he had been struck blind. This I did not believe, though I readily supposed that tlie glare made his eye-' halls smart so as to cause him a good deal of agony . Indeed, all along I had been sur prised that he should have found his sight so easily after having sat in blindness for forty-eight years, and it was not wonderful that the aiuaziug brilliance on deck, smiting his sight on a sudden, should have caused him to cry but as if he had lost the use of his eyes for ever. - I waited patiently, and in about ton miniates he! was able to look about him, aud then it was not long before he could see with out 'pain. Ho stood a minute gazing at the glories upon the rigging, and in that piercing light I noticed the na wholesome colour of liis face. His cap hid the scar, and nothing of liis countenance was to he seen but the cheeks, eyes, aud nose; lie was much more wrinkled than I had supposed, and methoaght the spirit of cruelty lay risible in every line. I had never seen eyes so full of cunning and treachery — so expressive, I should say, of these qualities, yet they were no bigger than mere punctures. I was sensible of a momen tary fear of the mail — not, let me say, an emotion of coAvardicc, hut a sort of mixture .of ularm and awe, snch as a ghost might inspire, TMs I put dowu to the searching light in which I watched him for a moment or two, an irradiation subtle enough to give the sharpest form to expression, to exquisitely define every meaning that was dis tinguishable in his graveyard physiognomy . I left him to stare and judge forMmself of tlie posture iu which the long hard gale had put the schooner, and stepped over to the two bodies. They were tiiroudedin ice from head to foot, as though they had each man been packed in a glass case cunningly wrought to their shapes. Their faces were hidden by the crystal masks. Tassard joined me. 4 Small chance for your friends now,' said I, 4 even if you were agreeable to my. propo sal to attempt to revive them.' 4 So 1' cried lie, touching the body of the mate with his foot ; ' and this is the end of the irresistible Xrentanovs ! for what- con quests has Death robbed him so bravely? See, the colours fshiue in liim like fifty kinds of ribbands. Poor follow ! he could not curl his moustacliios now, though the loveliest eses in Europe were fixed in passionate admiration on liim. -' He'll never sfit another throat, nor hiccup Petrarch over- a goblet nor remonstrate with me on-: my : humanity. Shall we toss the bodies over tlie side Y ' 4 They are your friends,' said 1 : 4 do as you please.' 4 But we must empty their pockets first. Business before sentiment, Mr. llodney.' He stirred the figure again with his foot. > 4 Well, presently,' said he, 4 this armour will want the hatchet.. Now, my friend, to view tho work of the gale.' . The increased heel of the ship brought the larboard fore-channel low, and we stepped without difficulty from it on the ice. The rout or fissure that I have before spoken of went very deep ; it was nearly two feet wide in places, but, though the light poured brilliantly upon it, I could see no bottom. 4 If only such: another split as this would happen t'other /side,' said the Frenchman, 4 I believe this block would go adrift.' 4 Well,' said I, after musing a little whilst I ran my eyo overthe hollows, 4 I'll tell yon what was in my mind just now. There is a great quantity of gunpowder iu the hold ;. ten or a dozen ban- els. By dropping large parcels of it into the crevices on the right there, and firing it with slow-matches — ' He interrupted me with a cry : 4 By- St. Paul, you have it ! What crevices have you ?' . We walked briskly round the vessel, and all about her beam and starboard quarter I found, in addition to the seams I had before noticed, many great cracks ' and fissures, caused no doubt by the fall of the shoulder of the slope. I pushed ou further yet, going down tlie ravine, as I have called it, until ! o.-ime to the edge ; and here I looked down from a height of some twelve or fourteen feet— ho greatly had the ice sunk or been changed by the weather — upon tho ocean. I called to Tossard. He approached warily. I believed lie feared I might be tempted to give him a -friendly above over the edge. 1 4 Observe this hollow,' said I ; ' the split \- MawBB— — i— hBMiai I there goes down to the water, and you may take it thot the block is wholly disconnected on that side. Now look at the face' of the ice,' said I, pointing to the starboard or righi-hand side : ' that crack goes as far as the vessel's quarter, aud the weakness is carried on to .past the bows by the other rents. Mr. Tassard, if we could burst this body of ice by an explosion from its moor ings ahead- of the bowsprit, where it is all too compact, this cradle with the schooner in it will go free of the parent body.' He answered promptly, 4 Yes ; it is the one and only plan. That crack to starboad is like telling us what to do. It is well you came here. We should not have seen it from the .top: This valley runs steep. You must ex pect no more than the surface to be liberated, for the foot of the cliff will- go deep:' 4 1 desire no more.' 4 Will- the ship stand- such a launch, sup posing we bring it about ?' said he. i responded with one of his own- shrugs, and said, 'Nothing is certain. We have one of two courses to choose — to venture this launch, or' stay till the ice breaks up; and take our chance of floating or of being smashed.' 4 You are right,' he exclaimed. 4 Here is an opportunity. If we wait, bergs may gather about this point and build us in. As to this island dissolving, we are yet to know which way 'tis heading. Suppose it should be travelling south, hey- !' \- He struck the ice with his spear, ana we toiled up the slippery rocks with difficulty to the ship. "We walked past the bows to the distance of the vessel's length. Here were many deep -holes and - cracks,- and as if we - were to he taught how these came about, even whilst Ave were viewing them, an ear-splitting crash of- noise happened within tAventy fathoms of us, a rock many tons in weight rolled over, and left a black gulf behind it. The Frenchman started,- - mnttered, and crossed Mmself. ' Holy- Virgin 1' he cried, rolling his eyes. ' Let us reiurn to the schooner. We shall be sAvallowed up here.' I own I was not a little terrified myself by the sudden loud blast and -the thunder of the uprooted rock, and the sight- of the huge black rent ; but I meant to view the scene from the top, and to consider-how best tedis- p.ose'of the poAvder in tho cracks, and saidp ' There; is nothing to be done on board. ; skulking beloAV will not deliver-ua or preserve- the treasure. Here are several fissures big- enough to receii'e barrels of gunpower. See, Mr. Tassard, as they stand they, cover the- whole width of the hollow.' \- Aii 1 1 proceeded to give him my ideas as to- » loAvering, fixing the barrels, and the like. He' nodded his head, and- said, 4 Yes, very good ; yes, it" will do,' and so on ; But wa»- too scared in liis heart, I believe, "to see my . fu1! meaning. He Avas perpetually.- moAung, as if lie feared' the'ice would split ' under his feet, and his eyes' travelled over the face of the rocks Avitll every manifestation of- ahum in their expression. I wondered hoAV -so poor a creature should ever have had -stomach enough to sen'e as a pirate; no doubt his spirit had been enfeebled by his long sleep ; hat - then it is also true that the greatest bullies and most bloodthirsty rogues prove themselves despicable cure under conditions which make no demand upon their temper or their lust for plunder. He would liavp returned "to the ship had- ! encouraged Mm, but ou seeing me start to- climb to the brow lie followed. The'prospect disappointed me. I had expected to tvitness a A'ariety of surprising changes, but south ward -the scene was scarce altered: It Avas a AA'Ouderfully fair morning, tlie sky clear from sea- line to sea-line, and of a A'ery soft blue, the ocean of a like hue, with a high swell running, that Avas a majestic undulation e\'en from the height at Avhieh I surveyed it. The sun stood over the ice in the north-east, and the dazzle kept me wecpiug, so intolerable was the effulgence. Half of the dolicate architecture tiiat had enriched the slopes and surfaces that way was swept down, and ice lay piled ill places to an clcA-atiou of many feet, where before it had been fiat or holloAV. However, there Avas no question hut that the gale had qilnj-ed havoc with the north ex tremity of the island. I counted no less thau twenty bergs floating of the main, and it was quite likely the sea Avas oroAvded beyond, though my tight could not travel so far. HoAveA-er, Avhen I came to look close, . and to recollect the features of the shore as they sliOAved Ai-hen I first landed, I found some vital changes near at hand. "Whore my haven, had been the ice hadgiA'en Avayaudleftagap half a mile broad and a hundred feet deep, The fall on tlie schooner's starboard quarter was very heavy, and the ice was splitinall directions : aud in parts Avas so "loose that a point-of cliff hard upon the sea rocked with the swell. When Tassard came to a stand ho looked about him north and south, shading his eyes Avith liis hand, aud then sv/oaring A'Cl'y sUA'agely iu French, he cried out in -English, freely employing oaths as lie spoke — Why, here's as much ice as there was before I fell asleep ! See yonder !' pointing to the south. It dies out in the distance. If it does not join thp pole there, may the deA'il rise before ine as I speak. Thunder and fury ! I had hoped to see it s'hriA'elled to an ordinary berg !' 4 What! in a week?' eried I, as if I be lieved his stupor had not lasted longer. He returned no answer, and gaped about him full of consternation and passion. And are wo to wait for our deliverance till tMs continent breaks up!' he bawled. 4 The day of judgment will be a tiling of the past by that time. Travelling north. 1 'sdeatli 1' lie roared, liis mouth full of theex- pletiA'es of his day, French and English. 4 Who but a madman could suppose that this ice is not as fixed as the antarctic circle to which it is moored ! Why, six months ago it AA'as no bigger than it is now 1' And he sent a furious, terrified gaze into the AvMte soli tudes vanishing in azure faintness in the south-west. It A\ras not a thing to reason upon. I was as much disappointed as he by trifling changes the gale had made, and my heart felt A'ery heavy at the sight of the great field disap pearing hi the south. The bergs in the north signified little. It is ti-ue tliey indi cated demolition, but demolition so slow as to he worthless to us. It was not to be ques tioned that the island Avas proceeding north, hut at what rate 7 Here, perhaps, might be a frozen crescent of forty or fifty leagues; and. at what speed, appreciable enough to be of tllO. least consequence to our calculations, should, such a body travel ? I looked at the Frenchman. 4 This must decide us !'.said I. 4 "We must fix on one of two courses — endeaA'our to launch the ship by blowing up the ice, .Or .turn- to aud rig up the best anangment wo can contrive and put to sea.' 4 Yes,' he answered, scoAvling as he darted his enraged eyes over the ice. 4'Better set a slow-match in the magazine and drink our selves senseless, aud so blow ourselves to hell, thau linger here iu the hope that this continent will dissolve and release us. Where's Mendoza's body ?' I stared about me, and then pointing to the huge gap the ice had made, ansAAiered, 4 It was there. "Where it is now I know not.' He shrugged Ms shoulders, took another view of the- ice and tlie ocean, and. then, cried, impatiently,. 4 Let us return ! the- poAvder- barrels must have the first chance. _ And lie made for the schooner, savagely striking the ice with liis spear and growling curses to liimself ashe ploughed and climbed and j umped Ms way- along. (to be continued.) 