CHAPTER XVI. AX UNEXPECTED L.VCO VOTER, " There is a divinity that sliapoa out ends, rough-hew thorn how wo will," aaya tho immortal bard ; and a most malignant and niisohicf-making divinity it aeema to lie at timu.s. But we mu*t not stop and bewail ovor tho rough angles and Bpinti-rod fragments, but wait with patience till the whole ia complete, and then wo shall aee that evory eeumingly adverse stroke waa Reeded to perfect and finish tho rounded life. To our human wisdom, it appears juat tho consummation of ill-luck that Colonel Gilbert Yorney should occupy tho same train, indoud tho siuno carriage, with tho Countess of Strathspey that morning! But the colonel did so unconscious of evil intent, it is true, but tho effects of the 00° currenco wore disastrous enough. The eounteses wn3 thickly veiled, and although alio waa the solo lady passenger, it waa aomotimo before he recognised hor. He oatabliahed himself comfortably, road the morning paper, and heartily wished this veiled female in Jericho, in hia ill-humor at being deprived of his cigar. Not a thrill of interest or curiosity as to who or what alio wa3 stirred hia heart. Tho colonel had passed that, sta^e of life whou one takes an interest iii rail way acijutuntav.ces. Longyearaof soldier life in India had ooulcd the fover of hia young blood. He was now an eminently handsome bachelor, of aoven-aud-Uurty years, a trille cynical, intensely practical, and the betrothed husband of Miss Julia Borosford, heiress to the snug sum of ten thousand a year, in her own right. Tho coluuel was running oyer to Paris, whero ohanoo or fate had Btrioken down a fellow-ofltcer and bosom friond with typhoid fover. The despatch roached him that very morning, stating that his friend was dying, and had noed of him, Oolonol Vernoy started down by tho first train, never dreaming what a terrible construc tion would bo placed upon hia moat humane journey. On and on they went, tho countess still closely veiled find incognito 5 tho colonol perusing his pnpor, and longing for hia cigar ; on and on, through all tho seem ingly endless length of England, for the countess was going down to Dovor, aiul across tho Channel into Franco, and from thence into Tyrol, following tho route her husband had taken, tho only one she know how to pursuo. And wiih every mile she travelled, lur courago failed. In thoeagernnss and ex citement of starting, the length and fatiguo of the journey had not occurred to her. She began to wish she had hearkened to Judith's sage counsels, or at least consented to take her with her. It was terrible to travel alone and unpro tected. llufc she tl ought of tho little flaxon-haired boy amid the Alpine peaks, and her hoart grew strong again. For Iub sake she would endure it all. At tho first station the colonol got out aud enjoyed his cigar, and returnod to his seat in a much bettor humor. There sat this inevitable lady companion. "Can I bo any service to you, madame ?" he inquired, politely ; "get you any re freshments, or anything of the kind Tito lady gavo a quick start, shook hot head, and, drawing hor veil still closer, \- UiUbbUiwi i*»i MHuvnumttiu iivMHtfrJ* Alio Colonel turned on his heel, determined to leave her to herself. They got off at Dover, in the golden haze of September twilight, just in time to catch the steamer Calais. The flash of the innumerable gas-lighta, and the noiao and confusion on the wharf, well nigh be wildered Lady Strathspey ; and tho fiill sense of the terriblo atop she had taken flushed for tho first time upon her. \Yfimt would hev husband any 1 She grew deadly faint and tottered where she stood. A burly porter, hurrying by, jostled her rudoly, and alio would have fallen but for the colonel's timely support. ?' My dear lniulamo, do allow mo to assist you," he exclaimed, passing his ann about her. For an instant tlio poor woman reeled, but by a grant effort sho overcame her weakuoHB, and stood lirmly on her foot. " I will accept your assistance, Colonel Yerney," s'.io said, as she raisod her veil, and disclosed hev face, whito nnd faint from fatigue ijnd intense excitement. Tho colonol came to a dead halt, and stood staring down at her, as if he thought her a ghost. " Lady Slratlispoy !" ho gasped, at last, u I am going across tho Channel, | Colonel Verney," aho interrupted, with dignity ; " will you lmvo tho goodness to f!B3'at mo oil bonrd tho steamer ?" The colonel waa a thorough gentleman. Ho bowed dooply, repressingevory vestigo of curiosity, and drawing her nrm through his conducted her to comfortable quavtora aboard the a team or. While ho paced tho declc, half tin hour labor, pufling his oigar nnu puzzling his brain to discover what waa tho moaning of Lady Strathspoy'a unuaual mode of travelling, tho countesa camo gliding to hia aido. u Colonol Verney," she said laying hor hand lightlyo«his arm, " you are wonder ing, no doubt, what it is that takes mo out of England in this run-away fashion T I Tho Colonel howod and amilod. *' [ am a little curious, I "eonfoaa, Lady Strathspey," he replied, . - The countess stood uilent for a moment, booking up at tlie misty stars overhead, hor eyes full of deep and solemn thought. " Colonol Verney," Bhe continued at Inst, "you way be Buro nothing short of vital interest would take ino from my homo and husband in this fashion; niy mission across tho Channel is ono of lifo and death-to my own heart, at least. I am strong enough of will, but weak of body, as wo women unfortunately are. I did not intond that you should find me out, but my poor, womanly weakness be trayed mo.'Porhnns it is as well. 1 need a friend. Colonel Verney, I am almost inclined to trust you, to ask you to help mo*" She raised hor sad, appealing eyes to his face, and looking down into their starey depths, tho Indian officer felt his heart thrill with somothing of tho old, passionate admiration, that those same sweet oyoa had awakened when ho was a gay young guardsman, and Lady Mar guerite's lover. But tho colonel, as wo have said, was a thorough gentleman, a man of sterling honor. And looking down upon the woman hp had once loved, lielploss and in trouble, ho felt that he could be nil tho truer and more helpful in hia friendship, bocauae of that very love. ''Lady Strathspey," ho answered, quietly, but with something in his voico that at once inspired faith and confidence, " X am at your service, ready to help you in anyway 1 can." 4 If ho had boon profuse in his assurances, she would have hesitated ; his self- pos session and simple candor won her confi dence. She drew him to a seat in a shel tered corner, and there, beneath the Eileut stars, with a dash oC tho silvor water in his ears, sho bogan at the begin ning and told him all hev strange story, wondering at horself as she did so, lor an hour before lie would have been tho last man on oarth she would have ohoson for hor confidant, Yet now impelled by some impulse stronger than hor will, alio told him everything. Tho colonel listened with intorost, and profound pity softened his keen, gray eyes. Old soldier that ho was, ho could under stand tho deep yearning of the mother's love for hor own babe. " I am afraid, Lady Strathspoy," he said, when alio had finished, "that you have been unwiao in talcing this atop. It would have boon better to have confided everything to your husband, and suffered hitu to boar his share of tho doubt and anxiety. .1 am an old bachelor," ho con tinued, smiliu!? down upon hor with pity ing kindness, H but 1 don't beliovo in any concealment between man and wife, Your motive is pirn? and good,but your conduct ia opon to miaoonatvuetion. However," ho added, buttoning his coat and straighten ing hia fine liguro, aftor hifi military habit, " if you nro determined to go on, I am at your service, ready to helo you in any possible way." ** 1 shall go on," yoplied tiio countess, (irmly, "I will nob turn back." "Very, well, go to your room now and try to rest. From Calais I will telegraph to my sickjfriend in Paris, and I'll seo you safe into the Tyrol and on your way home. J Oood-night, Lady Strathflpey," j "Good-night, Colonel, and may Hoavon reward you 1" ? ' . I Ho strode away, and the countoss went | to hor atato-room with a lightened heart. 