AN AUSTRALIAN NATIVE FIFTY YEARS AGO. [By the Late Mr. F.W. Taplin.] Many of our readers will remember with pleasure the interesting sketch of "The Life of an Australian King," by the late Mr. F. W. Taplin, which was published in the Observer in the latter part of last year. We are pleased to be able to give the last words upon the subject of the South Australian aboriginals which were uttered by Mr. Taplin, who, having been brought up amongst the natives from his early childhood, and having had special opportunities of studying the habits and customs of the blacks who gather at Point Macleay Mission Station, spoke upon the matter as an authority who had few equals. Subjoined is the lecture which was delivered by Mr. Taplin before the Australian Natives' Asso- ciation three nights before the author's tragic death in the Coffee Palace fire :— Comparatively few Europeans are much acquainted with the native tribes of Aus- tralia as they were found fifty years ago, and it is difficult to form a correct idea of their natural state from the remnants found on the Mission Stations and in other parts of the colonies. Dread of ridicule makes it almost impossible to obtain correct information from the semi-civilized black as to the manners and customs of his forefathers; or if such statements are obtained it requires some discrimination to separate the genuine legend from the concocted fable of an informant, perhaps indulging in the marvellous. There is some ground for believing that these people are the descendants of two races, the peculiar characteristics of more than one being found throughout the greater part of this continent. In one case we find the representative of a light-skinned active race with lank straight hair and slightly angular features, and a sullen, morose disposition. On the other hand a curly wig, black skin, thick-set, hairy frame, with bright eyes twinkling with humour and good nature. Peculiarities of language, tradition, and system of kinship also support this theory, and have led to various suppositions regard- ing the origin of the Australian aborigines, perhaps the most favoured being the assump- tion that they are the descendants of certain wanderers from Southern India, who in the course of their migration were sub- ject to some admixture with the inhabi- tants of the Malayan Peninsula. There is much also leading us to suppose that the Australian savage formerly occupied a higher place in the scale of civilization. The present condition of these people is such that we find them almost devoid of the faculty of invention, and the power to originate a new way of doing anything or to improve on the method they have been accustomed to seems entirely absent as a rule. And yet we find them possessing a language remarkable for its complexity and precision, and having nicety of expression unknown in the English tongue; also observing customs and having laws pointing to a higher state of social life, but now observed with mere superstitious cere- monialism. We cannot attempt to condense in a single paper all that might be written concerning these people, but may attempt to depict in a general way their condition and mode of life previous to the advent of Europeans. The country contiguous to the River Murray, below the present site of the Murray Bridge, and oocupying the coastline between Kingston and Cape Jervis, was in- habited by a Confederacy of eighteen tribes of aborigines, calling themselves the Nar- rinyeri, speaking the same language, ob- serving the same customs, and from time to time endearing themselves to each other by civil warfare, although united against a common foe. The Nar- rinyeri asserted their superiority to the tribes located in the back country and Adelaide Plains, especially expressing their contempt for the cannibal tribes in the South-East—the Merkara or Tatiara blacks in particular, owing to their weakness for appropriating well - conditioned Narrinyeri for culinary purposes. A much- married black man assured my late father that his fattest wife required the most watchful care. At the time of which we write these people numbered at least 2,000 souls, and rendered themselves notorious in the early days of this colony by their massacre of the crew and passengers of the wrecked ship Maria on the Coorong, and the murder of Captain Barker at the mouth of the Murray. Notwithstanding these delinquencies the Narrinyeri were an intelligent, happy people, fond of amusement and novelty, and posses- sing entire belief in their superiority to the rest of mankind. The cares and responsi- bilities surrounding the native householder of 1839 were comparatively few, and were of a nature easily met by the expert use of the club and spear, with an education in the mysteries of witchcraft. Society was en- tirely controlled by fear of sorcery, law and order being invariably upheld by its use. A chief or "Rupulle" governed each tribe, who chose him as their leader and spokesman, irrespective of any hereditary claim. His authority was supported by a Council of the old men, and his verdict was generally re- spected in all matters, civil or otherwise. At certain times the whole of the Chiefs, would meet with delegates from the different tribes, and would constitute a Grand Council of the Tendi, legislating on all matters of concern to the Confederacy. These tribal gatherings gave opportunity for indulgence in the corroboree with other amusements. Murder was punished with death, man slaughter with banishment from the tribe, crimes against social or domestic peace with the club administered by the injured party. The nearest approach to a Supreme Being found among the myths of the Narrinyeri was "'Ngurundere," a hero god who was sup- posed to live in the Heavens, or "Wyirrewarre" and to which place he went after performing various feats in connection with the ordering of ter- restrial matters. They had no idea of a crea- tion, and the Narrinyeri seemed incapable of conceiving of any other than the material ex- istence of all things. Ngurundere always used material for his purpose. For instance, he made the semiwarra, or bream fish, by throwing flat stones into the water, and at another time made small fish by dividing a large one. Wild and absurd traditions are recounted by the natives regarding the doings of their gods, demigods, and goddesses. Ngurundere had two wives, who proving un- faithful, he caused a flood of water to deluge the world and drown them. Neppelle, another god, inconvenienced by the waters, transported himself and came to the heavens; and the bottom of his celestial ark may be seen to the pre- sent day floating in the Milky Way. Ngurundere, being wifeless, lost two of his children, and in searching for them wished to cross the Cooroog, but was intercepted by a black man, who speared the god's thigh. Ngurundere laughed at this infliction, how- ever, and retaliated by killing his enemy. Wyungare, another demigod, also figures largely in their mythology. He is said to have been born without a father, and is described as a red man or Kaingani, from his birth, and a great hunter. Kangaroos of those days assumed gigantic proportions, and salt lagoons, several acres in extent, are pointed out as the area covered by single skins. Wyungare's handsome form caused Neppalle's two wives to fall in love with him. The infuriated husband directed fire to follow the guilty trio, and Wyungare as a last resource attached a line to his barbed spear, and hurling it at the heavens by this means escaped with the two women. And now the three are to be seen at night in the Southern Cross. When an individual starts in his sleep it is said to be caused by Wyungare dangling his spear over him. Evil spirits are said to frequent the earth and devise mischief. The spirits of the departed also are dreaded, as they are sup- posed to visit their former surroundings, too often with evil intent. The Narrinyeri with great want of gallantry ascribe the origin of most of the ills of life to the bad conduct of their goddesses, and the old story of Eve's sins is in exact accordance with their ideas. There were two systems of witchcraft practised by the natives. The most prac- tical is that called Millin, and brought about by an application of the Plougge, or bewitch- ing club. A stunning blow on the head usually rendered the victim incapable of resistance; each of the leg and arm joints re- ceived the same treatment; the chest was prodded with the point of the weapon; and the ears pulled until they cracked, to pre- vent the victim remembering the operator. The unfortunate was then considered be- witched, and was called Plonggewatyeri, and would certainly be led by an evil spirit, "Nalkaru" into circumstances of a fatal nature. The second means of revenge was the melting or burning of a composition of grease, human hair, and the remains of some food, of which the intended victim had partaken. This was supposed to cause fatal disease, and was much dreaded on account of its insidious nature. The language spoken by the Narrinyeri presents ample scope for the research of the philologist, but time forbids a lengthy dissertation on its peculiarities. One characteristic consists of the elliptical or abbreviated manner in which it is spoken. A word is often expressed by sounding a single letter. For instance, "Yartid ngunduur atye mitye," or "What your is name" (What's your name), is expressed "Yar 'matye mitiya." The language is full and precise so far as it goes, but is singularly deficient in general terms and abstract nouns. For instance, although they have names for all kinds of fruit and birds, they have not a term to denote the whole species. Metaphor and figurative expression are almost entirely absent. The definition of kinship amongst the Narrainyeri is far more complete than in our English tongue, many of their terms having no equivalent in our system of kinship. The language of the several tribes differ considerably in dialect, and the language spoken by Narrainyeri generally is unin- telligible to aborigines north of the Mount Lofty Ranges. The difficulty of acquiring an unwritten language was considerable, and led to many errors. In one instance an amusing mistake arose from the substitu- tion of the word thin for sin, and resulted in part of a native congregation waiting on their minister, anxiously enquiring whether all thin people were consigned to the infernal regions. Different languages arose from the fact that in past ages there lived an old woman in the east much hated by all people for ill-temper. At her death mankind in general signified their joy and satisfac- ion by devouring her remains, and as the various tribes ate different portions they ever after spoke a different language. The Narrainyeri assert that they appropriated the brains. It may interest some to hear the Lord's Prayer in native :— "Ngaiyeri aasson, leivril nide evyirren- warse. Narumbi el our our matye mitye. Usnauive kingdom pesut over itye tyiairovar. Ngruwar ruwuragai nm kang our unganuk inde an taiyin, loin ellin narar uyurrbungal. Pimp our ityak nam augh namanive krepawe kikkai sunagge. Nginte tempal our singul- suk orn wirrangwarsin, low elbesi arn tun- pulion augunenk ar kornar, wirrrangioarrin anamangk, Tano inde assrm waiyon yangl ar brapar rampanllun aseans Muritpoar anam brupenend. Umanive itye kingdom, Ngirate friltengi, Klartin Kaldowarnp. Neni our nunkowarrin ityan." The literal transla- ion is a fair illustration of the idiom. The " Father of us sitting in Heaven, sacred will be Thy name. Your kingdom coming, may it hasten. Many countries, when they hear your commands, may they have like it is in Heaven. Given must it be from you bread this day. You forget us when we are wicked like having we forgotten when men wicked to us. Not Thou us leading when evil persuad- ing us. Free us from evil. Yours it the Kingdom. You are strong, shining continu- ally. Leave it making good it is." An Australian boy was subjected to con- siderable discipline, and from the time he could walk was instructed in the mysteries of his folk lore. He was forbidden to eat of the kinds of food most easily obtained, and reserved for the aged and women. If he ate silver bream he would be weak kneed ; if he partook of wallaby he would become prematurely grey ; if he indulged in roast turtle would certainly cause him to grow ugly. He was not allowed to have his hair combed or cut, and it consequently became a mop- like, filthy mass. On attaining maturity this was combed out by the men with a spear; the whole of his beard was plucked out, and he received a liberal coat of red paint composed of red ochre and fish oil. For several months his diet was restricted to very few kinds of food ; he was not allowed to wear anything but a skin around his loins. The society of the gentle sex was forbidden ; his only pillow must be a forked stick, and his thirst was only to be assuaged by sucking water through a reed tube. During the whole of this time he was considered sacred or Narumbi. After the beard had grown three times and had been plucked out as often the youth was admitted to the rights of manhood. The application of grease to the body was held to improve the personal ap- pearance and to make a man fat, for a cor- pulent person was always admired however ugly he might be. The first duty of our young native man was to obtain a wife, and this end was attained without the weak sentiment of a white man's court- ship. An aboriginal paid for his wife, bartering a sister or cousin in exchange. We have even known a man to barter his grey-haired widowed mother for a spouse. It was considered disgraceful for a man to have a wife for whom an equivalent had not been given, or for a woman to have it said that her husband had not paid for her. First cousins could not marry, and the mar- riage of second cousins was considered im- prudent. A man could not marry a woman of his own tribe. Matches were always ar- ranged by a third party, and frequently a suitor would not see his intended until the eve of his marriage. This arrangement, how- ever, did not always prevent love matches; but where such transpired the proposal always came from the lady, as it was con- sidered bad taste for the man to take such a liberty. The marriage ceremony always took place at night, and was of a simple nature. The most important part of the performance consisting of the bride making a fire on her future husband's hearth. A corroboree and dance usually took place; but amongst the Narrinyeri there was nothing indecorous in the proceedings. Polygamy was admissable, but a man possessing more than one wife was generally regarded with pity on account of the discord in his domestic affairs. The Narrinyeri assert that on entering Paradise after death a man is allotted an equal number of wives to those he has obtained on earth—Ngurundere judging the number by the quantity of tears issuing from the eyes of the departed. A husband provided all animal food for his family and was expected to keep a good good hut or "mia-mia" to shelter them. A (woman) had to obtain roots and vegetables, carry firewood, cook the food, and perform all menial work in connection with her duties as a wife and mother, if she pleased her lord he signified his approval by rubbing her with grease; on the contrary, she would speedily find that his club con- stituted a ready means of punishing any delinquencies. In case of cruelty inflicted by her husband, a woman could take refuge in the hut of her mother ; with the certainty of at least temporary safety; as it was considered most improper and unlucky proceeding for a man to go into the presence of his mother-in-law. Kissing between the sexes is almost un- known amongst the Narrinyeri. A boy would not kiss his mother or sister ; and a man who kissed his wife in the presence of a third person fell to zero in the scale of Aus- tralian society. This form of salutation was, however, exchanged between men. We have frequently seen a man on returning from a journey fall on the neck of a male relation or friend and afterwards enter his hut and act with the most stoical indifference to his wife and children, excepting perhaps a smile of recognition to the baby. Infanticide was practised ; but parental affection for the children permitted to live was very great. A father would generally share the duty of nursing a sick child, and the boys especially received a great deal of attention. A baby was termed kalegabee so soon as it could crawl ; this is a term synonymous with caterpillar. A name was not chosen until the child could walk, and generally had some meaning identified with the circum- stances of its birth. Many of their names were ephonious. Maratinyeri, Turalar- tumme, Kanigoore, Remelinyeri, Newalin- yeri, Pembinga, Ngarlarni, Lumbe-lumbe, Katyerine, and Nahramenyeri, may be taken as specimens of those in general use ; and each having a distinct meaning. The every-day life of the aboriginal consisted in making weapons with stone axes and shell or flint scrapers, a slow and tedious process. Many of their spears were twelve feet in length, of a single stick, and having numerous barbs ; making such a weapon would occupy a man's spare time for several weeks. Nets were made of twine manufactured from several kinds of flax and rushes. These were steamed by hanging them over hot stones covered with wet earth. The fibre was then sepa- rated by mastication, and spun by rubbing on the knee of the operator. It was no un- common thing to see a number of men and women chewing rushes, and & couple of old men making long lengths of twine from the chewed fibre. We have seen nets 100 feet long by about six feet deep made with this cord. The old natives even now assert the superiority of their twine of former days to the European material now in use. Fish were netted and also speared. Ducks were often caught in nets, and feathered game generally obtained by means of the spear and boome- rang. Kangaroo and wallaby were clubbed or speared. Skins of wallaby and opossum were sewn together with sinew and con- stituted the household wardrobe. Large kangaroo skins and rush mats were spread on the ground and lined the walls of the hut. Previous to a general hunt a Wallaby was procured and burnt, the hunters chanting a song and dancing as the smoke ascended. This custom seems to be the only relic found amogst the Narrinyeri of a sacrifice or worship. All game obtained in a hunt was distributed by the chief. It was seldom that fatalities occurred in their fighting, although the clubs and spears used inflicted terrible wounds. The boomerang or, as they termed it, "pankatye" was used in warfare, and it may be remarked here that the performances of this curious weapon seem to be somewhat overestimated by Euro- peans. A boomerang only returns to the person throwing it in case of missing its mark ; if it strikes the object it cannot con- tinue its course. If the thrower miscalculates the elevation and the weapon strikes the ground before the mark it immediately rises high in the air and returns to its owner. And supposing, on the other hand, a boome- rang is projected over and beyond its mark, it also rises, and returning to the vicinity of its owner may be used again. Only fair and legitimate weapons were permitted in warfare or in any skirmishing that might take place. Stone was forbidden, neither was a man permitted to strangle or bite his foe. Infringement of this rule was punished by a certain number of blows on the head, inflicted by the culprit's own tribe. In one instance a man severely bit his enemy's upper lip and was awarded four blows. In another case a domestic fracas resulted in a husband almost severing his wife's ear with his teeth. He consequently had to suffer three blows from her brother's club. In case of sickness the advice of the chief and old men was sought, and these en- deavoured by means of incantation and song to dispel the evil influences at work. All sickness and death were attributed to sorcery, and various men of the Narrinyeri professed to be able to divine the cause and secure healing on payment of a sufficient fee. Rub- bing and kneading the body of the patient formed a considerable part of the process of these operators. They also claimed ability to squeeze the disease out by means of tight bandages, and to suck pain from the head through a tube made of human bone. Many of the antics and passes made by these quacks resembled the operations of a mesmerist, and there is reason to believe that these people were formerly acquainted with psychic force. We have known aboriginal men who claimed to be able to induce sleep by making passes. Medicines and poison were alike unknown. Flesh wounds were healed by the applica- tion of clean dry earth. In one case brought under our notice amputation of the leg above the knee was treated satisfactorily in this way. A steam bath was used in some cases of fever by placing the patient over hot stones covered with damp earth. Scarifying an inflamed part was also practised. All such, remedies, however, were more or less under the control and subject to the caprice of the aforesaid medicine men or sorcerers. No poisoned weapons were used in fair fight, and wounds made by wooden spears and swords healed quickly. Secret revenge, however, was gratified in some cases by the use of a poisoned dagger called "Ngelyerri." This was generally made of bone or hard wood; and was six or eight inches in length with a blade about half an inch wide and sharply pointed. This dagger, after being buried in the fleshy part of the human corpses for several weeks, was kept wrapped up in a cover- ing of human hair and grease. A prick from this deadly implement was said to cause fatal blood poisoning. The natives were so fear- ful of this weapon that it was dangerous to point ngelyerri towards a black. The eighteen clans or tribes of the Narrin- yeri each had a totem or symbol consisting of animal, bird, reptile, insect, or vegetable. This totem, whatever it may be, is supposed to contain the tutelary genius of the tribe, and although it might be used for food it was the imperative duty of all members of the community to protect it from assault or cruelty. And if this "Ngaitye" or "friend" of the tribe was used for food all remains were carefully burnt or destroyed lest an enemy might make use of them as a charm against the eater. Not only had each tribe a "Ngaitye" or "Totem," but every family would possess such an attachment. All children belonged to the father's totem. Snakes of various kinds were much esteemed in this way, and as some compensation for the Narrinyeri's fear of eating snake they used to catch a representative of their good genius, and after carefully extracting its fangs keep it as a household pet. In another instance an old native in fear less his innocent Ngaitye might suffer, ate and swallowed a large hairy house spider. Persons are often named after their "Ngaitye." All persons claiming the protection of a tribal totem are called "Lakalinyeri" or brothers in arms. The Australian natives had their rain-makers, who professed to be able to change the weather by means of their incantations. They also believed in the power of the dead to influence the elements. A curious custom prevailed amongst these people, and which seems to point to a relic of Freemasonry. It was called "Ngia- ngiampe," and conolated in the father of a child entering into a compact with a parent in a neighbouring tribe that their children ever after were to call each other "Ngian- giampe," or "friend of my loins." This ceremony was ratified by the exchange of bunches of emu feathers prepared in a pe- culiar way. A man had to always, and under any circumstances, to help his ngiangiampe, but as they were not allowed to speak to each other nor enter each other's presence this assistance had to be rendered through a third party. This fraternity were also bound to exchange presents every year, and as the Narrinyeri idea of property was communistic this proceeding was of mutual advantage to the tribes having "'ngia- ngiampe." These persons were also much used as agents or messengers between the tribes. A man was safe in a hostile tribe so long as he had a ngiangiampe to protect him. One reason for the forced estrange- ment of these parties; was to prevent later marriage of blood relations. If a man ob- tained a wife from a neighbouring tribe he could prevent the possibility of objectionable alliances by exchanging the "kaldake," or token of "ngiangiampe" with some of her relatives. We have known cases in which by mutual consent the compact was rescinded and the tokens returned. In other cases parties would be only temporarily made ngia ngiampe to each other. Our idea of theft was beyond the comprehension of a Nar- rinyeri, whose property belonged to his tribe. On the introduction of civilized habits and the consequent acquisition of European goods and chattels, this led to difficulty in the efforts of the missionary to elevate indi- vidual blacks. In one instance a man earned a pair of trousers, and on being asked a few days after why he did not wear them replied that his friend got up first that morning and appropriated them. In another case a woman was presented with a skirt, and coming to the missionhouse a day or two after clothed only in the orthodox rug complained that her lord and master had signified his approval of the garment by wearing it himself. The in- junction of the Old Book to "Give to him that asketh of thee, and from him that would borrow of thee turn not them away," was literally obeyed by the Narrinyeri. They were also very hospitable and kind to strangers, although extremely wary and guarded against treachery. The tracking powers of these people were not equal to the aborigines further inland, but were naturally great. If a visitor or stranger arrived it was considered the first duty of the men to note the contour and peculiar features of the soles of his feet, which they judge rather than his face, a man walks on his feet and not on his face. The fact of the first Europeans having their feet concealed in boots would give rise to suspicion that they were treacherous, and not to be trusted. The Narrinyeri believe in a future state, and that after death all must go to Wyerre warri, the celestial abode of their deities. They believe that communication is main- tained between Heaven and earth through the spirits of the departed, and ghost stories are told and received with great credulity. The genuine Australian ghost usually assumed the orthodox white and misty form but occasionally appeared as a black stump or a sheet of flame. At other times an invisible presence was said to be felt entwining cold, naked arms about the victim. One tribe of the Narrinyeri describes a satanic visitant, having spears projecting from his head. Consequently when a couple of stray bullocks wandered into their territory previous to the advent of European settlers they were regarded as genuine specimens of the old enemy. The name of the dead was tabooed until the re- mains decayed. To mention the name, or any part of it indicated a want of sor- row and respect for the deceased. This custom led to frequent changes in the language. The funeral ceremonies of these people are peculiar, and perhaps amongst the most revolting known. All death is attributed to sorcery, accidental or natural decease being considered impos- sible owing to the traditional statements regarding the translation of their hero gods without dissolution. On death taking place the death wail is raised, and far and near would be heard this dismal sound. All were expected to join in the lamentation, neglect of the duty being considered evidence of collusion with the wizard causing the de- cease. We have seen women cut themselves with shell and flint knives and throw dust in the air, uttering wild cries of regret. All near relatives, male and female, shaved their heads, and spinning their hair into headbands with that of the dead wore them as a sign of grief. The first night after the death of a near male relation slept with his head on the corpse in order that he might be led to dream of the cause of death. The chief often did this in important cases, part of his duty being to act as Coroner. As further evidence the corpse was placed on a triangular bier or ngarabbe a day after death and elevated on the shoulders of three men facing away from each other and towards the whole of the tribe standing round. The chief would then ask the spirit of the departed if the dream was correct clue. Affirmative replies were indicated by the bearers receiving an impulse from the corpse towards the chief. The names of any suspected persons present were then called out, and if guilty resulted in an impulse of the corpse towards them. This planchette-like proceeding was usually kept up for several hours, resulting sometimes in a free fight, but seldom in more than diversity of opinion as to the proper verdict. The in- quest done with the next duty was to dry the body. This was accomplished by fixing it in a sitting cross-legged posture on a wooden frame about three feet over a smoky fire. In a day or two the black outer skin was removed, leaving it white, it was then called "Gringkari." Hence the reason for the natives calling the white people "Gringkari," the idea being that we are their dead returned from Hades. Some persons have inferred from this that the aborigines believe in transmigration of the soul, bat we are con- vinced that there is no ground for this sup- position. The blackman's doctrine seems to be merely transmogrification of the body. Soon after the Mission was established amongst the natives at Point Macleay in 1859 an unscrupulous white adventurer en- deavoured to take advantage of the people's credulity by telling them that he was a member of their community returned from Paradise. As the individual he represented, however, left enemies as well as friends amongst the Narrinyeri, he soon found it wise to depart once more without any preliminary decease. Advantage was usually taken to prepare instruments for bewitching purposes by placing them inside the drying corpse. So necessary was this that the abolition of drying the dead has completely frustrated the power of the sorcerers. The drying process usually occu- pied about eight weeks, and when completed the remains were tightly bound up in skins and kept in the hut of the relatives for about a year. At the end of that time the bundle was hid away in the branches of a tree. As a final mark of esteem the skull of a deceased relative was often used as a drinking vessel. The drying of a corpse took place in an inhabited hut, and the relatives lived day and night in the immediate vicinity of the reeking mass. In the early days of mission work the custom was a great nuisance, and particularly so when the chief mourners would join a con- gregation of worshippers on a hot Sabbath morning. Thus far we have endeavoured to present to you something of the habits of the people once the sole occupiers of this our native land. And, in conclusion, let me ask "Are we not, as usurpers of their country bound to do all that is possible to make reparation for the loss of a free life and the introduction of so much detrimental to their physical and moral welfare." The aborigines were diminishing in numbers before the white man came, for savage life at a certain stage is fatal to the human family. But the sensuality and un- healthy intemperance of this unfortunate race received a fatal stimulus on the intro- duction of European vice. 