GHOST STOEIES. THE GHOSTLY SIGNAL AND THE PHANTOM PLOUGHMAN. Two capital ghost stones reach us from the other side of the Atlantic. The first is Canadian, the second comes from Pennsyl vania. the genesis of the gh03t. " ' Last autumn there was an accident on the Canada Atlantic railway, near the station at St. Scholustiqae. A farmer named Brunet was walking along the track at about 12 o'clock at night, when the Ottawa express came along, struck him, and threw his body 100ft. away, so horribly mangling it that portions were found in the branches of a clomp of trees growing beside the track. There have been five different engineers of that train since then, the last resigning only a few days ago. The reason given for the resignations was that the dump of trees was haunted, and that there .were strange signals given there every night, which always stopped the train and then - disappeared. The engineer who resigned last gives the following reasons for giving np his position Will THE ENGINEER EBSIGXED. It's a ghost or something like it, and it has been the cause of four other engi neers asking to be transferred. I first saw the ghost one night two weeks ago. I had left St. Scholastique, and was whooping her up, because I was a trifle late. I had hardly got her going, when I saw what seemed to be a red star floating in the air, perhaps a mile away, and ahead of me. It grew larger as I got nearer, and suddenly It struck me that the red star was a red lamp. Yet it was very high in the air — too high, thought I, to be a signal. I noticed also that it apparently hovered over the clump of trees. As 1 got within 200 yards of the trees the red globe seemed to jump across from the trees right over the track. This all took place in a shorter while than it takes me to tell it. I was startled. The light was undoubtedly that of a signal lamp, and hung directly in the way of the train. I hadn't time to call the attention of my firemen to it before I was on top of it. Frightened and fearful' that there was something the matter with the road, I whistled down brakes, shut off steam, put on the air brakes, and stopped the train. Everybody was startled. The conductor ran forward and asked what was the matter. I told liim, and we started back to investigate. There was nothing the matter with the road. There wasn't a house within half a mile of the place, nor could any footprints be discovered in the snow to show that anybody had been in the neighbourhood. Now, up to that time I had never heard of the ghost, but I noticed that the conductor, George "Welles, was strangely agitated, and the fireman looked scared. the fxeey globe once hoke. My next up trip was two nights later, and precisely the same phenomenon appeared. I was scared this time. That it was super natural I had no doubt, and despite an incli nation to brave the ghostly warning and keep the train going, my hands turned off the steam and put on the air brakes almost mechanically. The conductor came forward as before. I explained exactly the same way, and we went on after failing to discover any reason why a danger signal 6hould have been used at that particular point. My fireman then told me that the apparition, ghost, or whatever it was, had been seen by four others, who had all got other shifts. They couldn't stand it. Neither could I — and here I am, laid off. A PHANTOM PLOUGHMAN. In the north-western corner of Lower Merion township, Montgomery County, Pa., a great hubbub lias been raised by a phantom farmer who is nightly seen ploughing in a field. The apparition was first discovered about the end of March by a farm hand who was returning late from coursing. Emerg ing from a wooded pathway that skirted an old forest for miles, this rustic was startled to hear a sepulchral voice commanding a team to halt. He looked in vain about the place for a moment or two, and was about moving on again when the same sound fell on his ear. A shiver crept over him as he heard the creaking of au unseen harness, and his terror was fax from being allayed by the whinny of a horse almost directly before him. At that moment the new moon stole over the neighbouring tree- tops, and in its misty light he plainly saw the phantom farmer. It was elearly out lined against the dark background, and its two hands held in a steady grasp the pro jecting handles of a plough. Before it marched a pair of spirited horses, dimly out lined in the misty light, their heads erect aud their eyes flashing fire as they moved hastily along. The yoiiiig man waited another moment to reassure himself, and was about to take to his heels when ploughman, horse, and plough suddenly vanished. Then he, too, fled in wild alarm. SEEN BY SEVEN MEN. At Silas Brown's corner grocery on the night succeeding this, the young man, Albert Cooper by name, told this startling story. The crowd, adjourned to the alleged scene of the ghost's operations to verify or disprove Cooper's tale. They had not long to wait. "Without the noises that bad warned Cooper the night before, the phantom farmer ap peared before the eyes of the seven men who sat upon the fence, or, to be more accurate, who almost fell from it in terror. His long white hair and beard streamed in the passing wind. No hat was upon his head, nor could any portion of his face be seen except the glistening eyes. These shot out from a height of more than seven feet from the ground, indicating the spectral granger was taller than the average of human kind. About his body, which could not well be traced, there was a phosphorescent glow which dazzled the eyes of the terrified spectators and shone far ahead of the steadily moving horses. The plough he leaned on seemed of skeleton frame, but it tossed off the soft, moist earth as easily as a steamer turns the river waves. On he came, the horses seemed to exhale fire, their heads erect and arching, and footfalls as firm aud clear as any the watchers ever heard.. At the corner of the field they turned obediently at a word from their spectral driver, and again passed before the affrighted spectators, who thereupon fled in haste. the field ploughed by the ghost. On the following morning a crowd of rustics determined to go to the field and see whether any trace of the farmer could be found. As they came iu sight of the en closure one of the number exclaimed in astonishment: " I'll be durned if the thing doesn't plough, sure enough." He was right. One-half of the field had been gone over, evidently by no novice. The furrows were not quite so broad as those made by an an ordinary ploughman, hut they were less ragged and more deep, and were as straight as the most experienced eye could make them. A day or two after the same group went out to view the fields again, and this time they found that the phantom had finished the work. The owner of the field was one of the number, and he took a solemn oath that I he had not turned a sod in the enclosure. The Prince of "Wales iBsaid to speak French best of all the Royalties of Europe. 