The South Australian system of State education, though exceedingly expen sive and a heavy burden to the direct taxpayer, is admitted to have worked, with one or two exceptions, fairly well. A perfect system, or one that will give satisfac tion to all classes, is hardly likely to hfl rflfllififlr) What ic oolla/] tha ~r*U gious element has occasioned a good deal of bickering, but it is not our in tention at present to probe that fester ing sectarian sore. The legislature was greatly perplexed to find a golden mean, while dealing with State educa tion, which all parties would endorse. It failed in the attempt, but did what it could, and that wa6 a good deal. The compulsory clause ii objected to by a certain class. They contend that where attendance at school is made compulsory the instruction ought to be free. And the ground such persons take is sound and logical, and cannot be ignored. Looked at from a broad platform the principle is granted, and yet on the ground of status on the part of parents the existing system is toler ably fair. We hold to the principle that it is the duty of every parent to educate ms cnuaren ; out, marvellous though it be, it is nevertheless true that many parents who unfortunately do not enjoy the advantages of educa tion themselves are not anxious that their children should be instructed. These are the people upon whom the compulsory clauses should be brought to bear, but at the same time it is monstrous for the State to interfere with poor parents who are anxious and willing to teach their children at home, and. insist upon their sending their offspring to a public school. Such an arbitrary proceeding often entails great hardship on deserving people, and it should be rectified as speedily as poB sible. The State financially is not in a position to introduce free education ; neither do the great bulk of South Australians desire their children to be instructed at a still further expense to the direct taxpayer, and if the defect we refer to were remedied one cause of complaint would be abolished. The State has done a very great deal in fostering education, as in all populous centres substantial and' roomy school houses have been provided. In each there is a staff of proficient teachers. In the sparsely-populated partB of the colony provision has also been made for the instruction of the children. And every school is periodically in spected. Our education svstem nrovides that the children of parents who are poor and unable to pay the school fees shall be educated free. This is, of course, a boon, but it doeB not lessen the hardship caused to poor parents by depriving them of the services of their children. Leaving that aspect of the question for a time, however, we may say that it is the future of the children that is considered by the regulations, and thus they are not allowed to re main ignorant of the rudiments of education. Very properly the law specifies the classes who are entitled to free education, and this phase of the subject also needs examining. We are given to understand that it is shrewdly suspected that many parents are hav ing their children educated free who can well afford to pay for them. Ap plications for free education must come through Boards of Advice, or where there are no boards they must be signed by the Chairman of the DiBtric Council of the place, of if no District Council by a Justice of the Peace or , two known and responsible residents. ' Now, we have no doubt at all that the j boards act conscientiously in dealing - with such applications, and during these hard times there muse be many deserving cases. We refer, however, i just now to those parents who are said ; to represent themselves to be badly off ; who are not so, or who by their impro vidence become a burden to the State. The boards, unless they are familiar with the condition of the applicants, approve of the Chairman signing the application. It is because boards have an idea that some take advantage of the conditions relating to free educa tion that thev in their reports advise the appointment of a visitor. Such a visitor could inquire minutely into the circumstances and position of parents who were having their children educated for nothing and take mea sures to have imposters weeded from t.fia fraa list TJm rurrnlgtinim malatino* to free instruction are really necessary under existing arrangements, but it is requisite that means should be taken to prevent the regulations being pros tituted by persons who misrepresent their position. An active visitor would be useful in checking this undesirable system by limiting free education to those who cannot afford to pay the fees. ? South Australians have experienced a very dry spring and a comparatively warm sum mer, with one heavy downpour in January which altered the prospects of the whole of the interior. Since then the weather has been comparatively dry, and agriculturists are looking for rain in order to commence the season's operations. In the North farmers commenced sowing some time ago on fallowed land, while the stubble land — that is, where it is soft enough — is being either ploughed or scarified. Where the crops were light the farmers think that scarifying for the coming crop will answer the purpose as well as ploughing. In the Blyth scrub a large area has already been sown. There is, however, some risk in sow ing a considerable time before the end of summer, for the seed may germinate with the early rains which we get occasionally and die off before the usual autumn rains Bet in. On the other hand, when sufficient rain falls to keep the wheat plants alive the early-sown crops do well. On Blyth Plains and in the hill districts the farmers do not care to sow until noxiouB weeds have ger minated and been killed — or, at leaBt, as many of them as possible. Some of the agriculturists in this district are now endea voring to plough the stubble land, but they will have hard work of it until the autumn rains begin. There are a number of farmers who adhere to the fallow system, having proved by experience that it is the more profitable method of cultivation. They can get in their crops in good season, and being able to pulverise the ground well and keep it clean they are well rewarded for their labor. In this and the adjoining districts the farmers are satisfied if they can finish sowing in May. But those who have to plough a large area, and whose working strength is disproportionate to the task undertaken, are generally behindhand with their work, which is also done per functorily, with the result that poor crop eare obtained. Those who keep sheep on the farm, take a wheat crop off the land once in three years, and fallow regularly before sowing invariably have good returns; and if that system were generally adopted our harvest returns would be much higher than they are. Bad farm ing has done much to damage the reputa tion of South Australia as a wheat-growing country. Flux. — We understand that an effort is being made to raise sufficient funds to test the Clare marble reef for fluxing purposes. It is intended to employ labor to sink some distance down on the reef and have a sample assayed to ascertain whether the stone is of any use for the purpose men tioned. A Narrow Escape. — A daughter of Mr. S. Fraser, publican at Lochiel, aged about 16, was drawing water at a well a short distance from the house on Sunday, March 10\. She had landed the bucket, which was a large one, when her foot slipped and she fell head foremost, bucket and all, into the well, which was 30 feet deep, with 15 feet of water in it. A little sister saw it and gave the alarm. She had twice sunk and came again to the surface, when a young man, a laborer in the neighborhood, went to the rescue, and. throwing himeelf upon the rope, decended to the water and sustained the girl until a rope was obtained, with which she was lashed. The two were brought safely to the top. The girl was practically uninjured. — Register. Heavy Fines. — A short time ago F. Simpson, the lessee of the railway refresh ment stalls, Hamley Bridge, was sued for selling liquors without a license, and having evaded the Act he was consequently fined. He had, however, obtained a permit from the Treasurer and thought he was justified in dispensing intoxicants to the public. Mr. T. S. O'Halloran, S.M., thought other wise, on the ground of its illegality. Nothing daunted, Simpson persisted in sell ing liquors, and on Thursday last be was again brought before a tribunal on two in formations and fined £15 and costs. His daughter was also charged with a similar offence, and mulcted in a penalty of £10 and costs, the total fines and costs amount ing to £51 13s. Lecture.— A well-attended meeting was held in the Town Hall, Clare, on Friday, March 15, to hear a lecture from Mr. M. Wood Green, the agent of the S.A. Alliance. The cbair was occupied by the Rev. Albert Stubbs, who, in a few appro priate words, introduced the speaker to the audience. Mr. Green said that the reason tome persons were unconcerned in the ques tion of temperance was that no member of their family circle had been enslaved by drink. The lecturer then explained that the Alliance did not simply represent total ] abstinence, but was intended to secure the co-operation of abstainers and non-abstainers in getting such laws as would place the control of the liquor traffic in the hands of the people. He wished to convince their judgments of the necessity of this. All our judges admitted that three-fourths of crime was caused by intoxicating drinks. The ex penses connected with the gaols, which were largely filled by the slaves of drunken ess, had to be borne by the taxpayers ; the same was true of the destitute asylums and similar institutions. Now, if the taxpayers had a voice when corporations wanted to borrow money, why should not the tax payers have a voice in the control of the liquor traffic, when they knew that they had to pay for all the consequences of drunkenness ? Mr. Green said he was sup ported by the Alliance, and that the col lection made at the meeting was simply to meet the expenses of the hall and printing. Several persons then became members of the Alliance, which, it was understood, existed for political purposes. Australian Rubies. — A resident ders, of Clare, has received four gold rings From an English firm of jewellers, set with rubies from the Far North. The stones, which were sent home by the gentleman ire large and very pretty now they are cut ind mounted. He has also obtained a gold brooch and earrings studded with small rubies, which show out brilliantly. Gbass Fere at Armagh. — A correspon dent writing on March 16 says :— About 2 o'clock this afternoon the horizon on the western side of Armagh was thick with clouds of smoke arising from a paddock ad jacent to the suburbs (don't think of the meaning of the last word) of this town. Then there was — not the mad rush of fire engines, or the hasty, yet withal dignified, tread of policemen towards the ecene of the conflagration nor, in fact, were any of the multitudinous acts of confusion and excite ment inseparably associated with city fires prevalenthere— bntawrenchingoff of boughs, the sturdy gum and pliant wattle readily yielding efficacious weapons for the subju gation of the fiery element. A strong south westerly wind brought the fire rapidly to wards two farm-houses, placing one of them and the outbuildings of both in considerable danger. The neighbors, however, had by this time gathered in large numbers, and by gallant, united, and persistent efforts suc ceeded in subduing the flames. The origin of the fire appears to be unknown, but its effect is very apparent, about 90 acres of grass having been swept away. To-night the scene of the fire is beautifully illumi nated by a great number of burning trees, from which crash detached limbs, dispersing in their descent a galaxy of brilliant sparks. Cable News. — The following London telegrams are from the Adelaide dailies:— At to-day's sitting (March 13) of the Special Commission to inquire into the charges made by the Times against the Parnellites and other members of the Irish party, George Mulqueny deposed that the knives with which the Phoenix Park murders were committed were exhibited previously to the tragedy in the offices of the League at West minster. The witness also confirmed the evidence given at an earlier sitting to the effect that Mr. Parnell had paid £100 to Frank Byrne, who was concerned in certain outrages in Ireland, and who particularly admitted his connection with the Phojnix Park murders. The evidence on behalf of the Times is now concluded, and the Com mission has adjourned further sittings till April 2. The Times of this morning con tains an article on tne worn or tne special Commission to inquire into the relations of Parnellism and crime so far aa its own case is concerned. Notwithstanding the com plete collapse of the ' letters' part of the TYmes'case, which was yesterday completed, the Times declares that it awaits, with per fect confidence in the justice of its cause, the result of the Commission's impartial aud thorough inquiry into the nature of Parneliism. — Owing to the support of the Bank of France and the Rothschilds the Comptoir d'Escompte is recovering its posi tion in the market ; so ranch so that there is now no talk of its being wound up.— In the court to-day (March 13) a journalist named Robert Dennis sued Mr. J. Henniker Heaton, the well-known New South Wales colonist and member of the House of Com mons for Canterbury, for the sum of £500. The plaintiff claimed this amount as pay ment for his labor in writing the speeches which were delivered by Mr. Heaton, supplying articles to the National Review, and letters which were published in the Times above the signature of Mr. Heaton, and composing Mr. Heaton's correspondence with the Imperial Postmaster-General on the subject of the penny postage and other cognate matters between the years 1885 and 1888\. Mr. Dennia also claimed to have prepared the statement made by Mr. Hea ton before the Colonial Conference held in London in 1887, and generally to have acted as a literary 'ghost' for the defendant. The action was settled by Mr. Heaton agreeing to pay £400 and costs. — An im pression exists in official circles that. Prince Bismarck (the German Chancellor) is agree able to an arrangement by which Great Britain will become the mandatory Power is Samoa. — It is reported that Sir Henry Loch, G.C.M.G., Governor of Victoria, who is being relieved by Sir William Robinson, G.C.M.G., will probably obtain an extension of his term of office to the extent of one year. — Australian wheat ex warehouse is quoted at 41s 6d per 496 lb. Business is very restricted. On the Wing. — On Monday last Dr. Smith left Clare on a trip to England. The information came as a surprise to most of the townsmen, aB they had no idea that he anticipated the trip. The worthy doctor, we presume, did not wish his friends to make any ostentatious display over his de parture. We understand that Dr. Smith'* brother will act as locum tenons during his absence. FntE Near Watebvale. — On March 13 a fire broke out near Watervale, and some 50 acres of grass was destroyed. It appears that the outbreak was caused by a farmer burning stubble. As a wind was blowing at the time the fire got beyond control. Mrs. C. Solly, in another part of this issue, thanks the friends who helped to extinguish the fire on her property. Bakee's Cheek Chushing. — Mr. J. Roach on Saturday night last courteously wired us the result of the Baker's Creek crushing. One hundred and six tons of stone yielded 1,770 ounces of gold, being an average of 16| oz. to the too. 