TO THE LIONS: A TALE OE THE EARLY CHRISTIANS By the REV. ALFRED J. CHUBOH, M, A , the Quiver, CHAPIEB XII.-A HABITED TESHMONT. The j aung Luciliua was atill hovering be tween l'fe and death when the long- expected answer from the Emperor arrived at Nicae*. It was exactly the document that any one acquainted with the character of Trajan might have expected. Above all things he was a soldier, and bad a Boldier's regard for disc'pline and obedience. Where these were concerned he was inflexible. Certain forms'of worship were sanctioned by the State; all others were forbidden. Any one who adhered to these forbidden rite3 and refused, when called npon, to abandon them, was breaking down the established order of thingB, and must be punished. He might believe what he liked in hiB own heart- with belief the State had nothing to do-but in practice he must conform to_ certain rules, Refusal was an act of rebellion; the thing might be the merest trifle in itself, but the principle concerned was at the foundation of all order, The . practical application was perfectly simple. Those who had acknowledged^them selves to be Christians, and persisted in the acknowledgment, were to be punished. Bat the offence was of such a kind that every loop hole should be left by which the accused might escape, so long a3 the principle remained unim£ paired. TheBe were not a set of criminals whom it would be desirable to bring into the grasp of the law, by etopping every oi escape, Oa the contrary, ways of escape must be made easy and multiplied for them. The Bioapla denial of any one that he belonged So the society of Christians was to bs accepted. There was to be no question about the time to which the denial referred, so that it at least referred to the present. If a man affirmed, "I have ceased to be a Christian," there was to be no curious enquiry as to when his withdrawal \- took place. But the most practically important direction in the Emperor's rescript referred to the anony mous informations. All proceedings founded on them were to be annulled, Roman law took no cognisance of such things; and persona accused under them were to be treated as if their nameB had never come before the court, The immediate result of this order was a release of a number of prisoners. Of the two Roman citizenB who had appealed to Cserar, one-the Elder, Anicetus-was sent back into the province. The Emperor had heard, his cause and con demned him, The Governor was to deal with him on the spot, where the spectacle of hiB punishment might act as & salutary deterrent to his followers. The old knight, Antistius, by a merciful ordering of Providence, had passed beyond the reach of his judges. On the morning of the day on which he was to appear before the tribunal of Cteaar ha had been found dead in his bed, The Governor's first duty, on the reassembl ing of the court, was to deal with the prisoner who had been thus remitted to him, Tne elder wab placed before the tribunal, and the Gover nor addressed him "Anicetus;or (as I should rather call you by the Roman name which, however un worthily, you bear) LuciuB Cornelius, the Em peror having heard you on your appeal and confirmed the sentence which was here passed upon you, has remitted you'to my jurisdiction, thinking it well that you should suffer the penalty of your misdeeds in the same place wherein you have oommitted them. I should do no wrong were I, with out further parley, to hand you over to the executioner. Nevertheless, I am pursuaded that, in the great clemency of our gracious lord and Emperor, Trajan Augustus, he will approve my offering you yet another opportunity of repentance. Are you willing to renounce, now, at the laBt moment, this odious super stition which you have been convicted of hold ing, against the laws of the Senate and People of Rome?" "For your clemency," said the Elder, in reply, " I heartily thank both Trajan Augustus and yourself, most excellent Plraiua,_ Yet, were 1 to accept it on the conditions which you offer, I should be casting away that which, for my who'? life, I have held most precious, That which you call an odious superstitution I is verily believe to be a truth worthy of all love and honor. The laws of the Senate and People of Rome I have ever most scrupulously obeyed, and to the Emperor I have ever been faithful and loyal. Eat there are laws to which I am yet more bound, and a Master whom I must prefer even to Augustus himself. But these things you have heard already, nor is there any need that I should repeat them. £et me not waste your time any further, nor do you delay to give me that which I hold to be more precious than all other thiDgs-the crown of martyrdom." The executioner was summoned into court, and took his place in front of the tribunal, The Governor then pronounced his formal sen tence " In virtue of the power of life and death specially delegated to me in the case of the citizen Lucius Cornelius (commonly called AnicetUB) by our Lord Trajan Augustus, I hereby hand over to you the body of the said Lucius Cornelius. Take him to the third milestone on the road to Nicomeafe and there strike off his head with the axe. Is considera tion of hiB blamelesB life, I grant to him, as a special favor, that he be neither blindfolded nor bound. Of thiB sentence Jet there be im mediate execution, of which execution I re quire that testimony be given me before sunset thiB day," The court was adjourned till the next day, when the remainder of the prisoners would be dealt with. An interval of two hours was con ceded to! the condemned man. ThiB the Governor's humanity permitted him to spsnd with hi£ fellow- prisonera. Of earthly tieB he bad none. His wife-for in those days it was held a duty, as the Eastern Church still holdB it, for a Christian minister to be a husband- had entered into her rest Borne two yearB before. His marriage had been cbildleBs, and hiB brothers and sisters had predeceased him. Hence he could give up the time that had been allowed him to comforting and strengthening his brothers and sisters in the faiih. To Cleon, the young Phrygian slave who had fallen and so manfully recovered his fall, he was especially tender. The unhappy youth was overwhelmed with shame and remorne. " I have denied Him ! I have denied Him 2" he would go on repeating day after day from morning till evening, and nothing that his lellow-prisoners cuuld urge seemed to give him any comfort. AnicetUB was one of those who were accus tomed to express somewhat stern views about the sin of the lapsi (those who fell away), but this was not a case in which he conld insist on them. He even felt that to do so might be to place a fatal stumbling-block in the way of an imperilled soul. If this poor wretch was left in this despairing mood be might even fall into the more deadly Bin from which he had once been rescued. "My son." were his parting words to the unhappy Cleon, " my son, listen to me, not only as to him whom God has entrusted with the charge of your soul, but as one to whom He has given the great honor of witnessing for His {/ruth in this place, You have sinned, but God haB forgiven yon, even as He forgave the blessed Peter. God pardon you; I pardon you in the name of the brethren." Ha laid bis hands npon the young man's head, and pronounced the solemn wordB of for giveness, That finished, he gave him the kiss of peace, and so took the iallen back into the brotherhood of Christ. We shall not have occasion to speak of the young-slave again. Let it be sufficient to say that he suffered the next day the cruel death or crucifixion with an exemplary courage and patience. Hie agony, however, was not pro tracted BB loDg as it was in the case of same BBllererfj fortn&Governor;, who had been struck with '* the te&l; heroism with which he had struggled sgainBt tbe weakness of a timorous BfitDM", gave instructions to tbe cssturion in I charge that death Bhould ba hastened with a Bpear-thrust. To return to Anicetus. His solemn declara tion of forgiveness to the- penitent Phrygian was but just spoken when the presence of the executioner was announced. . " 1 am ready," he Baid to the apparitor who summoned him. 1 Then, turning to hia fellow prisoners, he stretched out his hands, "The bleEBiBg of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost be upon you. Pray for me and for yourselves that we may be faithful and stead fast to the end. So shall we ba together in The procession of death moved through the city. In front was a guard of half a century of soldierB. They were armed with swords only, and wore no armor beyond their helmets^ Then came the executioner, carrying his axe with tile edge turned towards the condemned man, who bad also a soldier fully armed on either side. The remainder of the century marched bahmd him. A vast concourse of all ages followed. No man was better known to ths poor of the city of NicEea, and no_ one cer tainly more beloved than Anicetus. He. had fulfilled to the utmost the apos tolic precept, "Do good unto all men," putting less stress, perhapB, than some of hia brethren thought right on the words that follow-"especially unto them that are of the household of faith." ItwaB no idle curiosity, therefore, that brought this great crowd to see him die. To judge from their dress, one would have Baid that they came from the rabble of the city; but they followed with a silence and an order that would not have misbecome the luneial of the firBt citizen of the place. At the spot appointed for the execution thare was an open space of about an acre in extent. The milestone stood where four roads met, and close to it, as marking where the territory of Nicsea touched that of a neighboring township, stood one of the statues of the god Terminus, the boundary marker, a roughly- hewn pedestal of granite, surmounted with a human bust of the rudeBt Bhaping. In old time it had been an object of reverence, and had been daily adorned with fresh garlands of flowers or ever greens, according as the season served. Two or three of theEe still hung from it, but they were dry and withered, and the decaying frag ments of others, which no one had taken the pains to clear away, lay at the base of the pedestal; while the pedestal itself had long leaned somewhat out of the perpendicular. It was a type of the neglect into which the old worship waB everywhere falling. Possibly this was the motive that made the Governor choose the spot as the place of execution. The block waB placed close to the.pedeatal. The soldiers drew a cordon round it, but as the ground. rose somewhat on all sides, this did not shut out the view from the crown which thronged the whole of the open space. T&e; centurion in command had forbidden the con demned man to addreaa the spectators, and AmcetuB, always obedient to lawful com mands, so that they did not irench on higher duties, did not attempt to Bpeak. He contented himself with stretching out his hands in a mute gesture of blessing. Many of those who could Bee him bowed their heads in reverence, and, dangerous aB it was to Bhow anything like sympathy with the faith of the sufferer, some even fell upon their knees. All kept a silence which waB almost terrible in its depth and intensity. _ Then, after a pause, which seemed to the etrained attention of the crowd to laBt for hours, the executioner raised his axe and struck, It was a strong and skilful blow, nor was there any need to repeat it. The head of the martyr fell upon the ground, and the blood, spouting out in a tor lent, drenched the pedestal of the god.: And then followed one of those strange occurrences which we may or may not call miracles, but which are certainly signB; so full are they of mesieisg, ssd not the leas truly signs because they come from causeB strictly natural. The statue of the boundary-god had been leaning, as .has been sail, for some time out of the perpendicular, and the piety of the two townehips, whose borders it markedj had not besn active enough to restore it. Anyone might have known that but a little impulse would be sufficient to overthrow it; and this impulse was given by the slight Bhock of an earthquake at the very moment when the martyr's blood spurted on the pedestal. The half-suppressed groan which had followed when the {[headsman's axe was seen or heard to fall was checked; first, by the sensation of terror aB the spectators felt the ground reel, as it were, under their feet, and then by awe as the - statute of the god waB observed first to totter and then to fall, No one in all that great assembly was so dull as not to read something of the future when this ancient landmark-symbol as it was held to be of all that was most stable-waB removed, aB it were, from its place by the touch ot the martyr's blood. If the champions of the old faith had thought to advance their oause by that day's spectacle, they had signally failed. The "EenHelesB earth," as the philosophers called it, had seemed to speak against them, and its voice had found its way into many hearts. Seldom haB the saying been proved more true than it was that day, that "the blood of martyrs is the seed of the church." It was an incidental result of this strange event that the friends of Anicetus were allowed, without hindranre, to take possession of his remains. Commonly the authorities took care to dispose of them otherwise. In the conster nation that followed the fall of the statue this care was forgotten, and the Elder's boly was quietly removed and accorded Christian burial, (To be continued,) 