An Empty Threat. Under the above heading, the :Evenin Newos thus deals with the attitude alleged to have been' assumed by the. Hon. .Janmes Fletcher, M.L.A., to warn to the Railway Commissioners:--" The general opinion of Mr. James Pletehor, I.L.A., has been that he is a shrewd hard-headed man, who, what ever his errors of judgment may be, has at any rate the possession of a certain amount of common sense. Tlhose who have held that view. will have their estimate of the man considerably shaken by his recent address to the electors at Dubbo, in which hlie declared the course lihe intended to pursue with regard to the Railway Commissioners. The Protection ist craze seems to have affected him grievously, and it is to be feared that his horror of anythling which can be ever so dis tantly twisted into the semblance of Freetrade ihas distorted hIis judgment altogether. His latest idea is that thie Railway Commissioners are Freetraders. and therefore he lhas made up his mind to thwart their operations in every direction. At f)ubbo he gave a version of an interview which he had had some days previously with Mr. Eddy, in which he told the latter that if he (Mr. Fletcher) re turned.with a majority hlie would takelcare that he got back the authority over tlhe rail ways which the law has placed in the hands of the Commissioners. There is reason for believing that this was not an angry ex pression used . in the . heat of time moment; but was a deliberate utterance of Mr. Flotcher'sintentions. It is pretty well understood that hie owed his majority at tlhe Newcastle election to some promise siltde by him to the railway hands there, that if lihe was returned he would free them from the control of the Commissioners. If this coursb of action is really inteonded, Mr. Fletcher is a much moro eilly man than his friends would like to own. No one knows better than Mr. Fletcher that it is utterly impossible for him to take the controlof 'the railways out of the hands of the Commissioners. Powerful as he and ' c lb.:!', Mr. fibbs, may think them selves' hey are notyt asble to set an Act o~f Parlia?cutt at defiance. And tlhey have nlot the ghost of a chance of getting that Act re pealed. What, then, does Mhr. Fletcher mean by all this vapouring talk about what he will do when he returns withli a majority ? If, now, a veteran like Sir IHenry Parkes spoke in this way, ihe would do so with the knowledge that he would not return with a majority, :,nd therefore that his promises would go for nothing. But Mr. Fleltceheor does not possess this astuteness, aind therefore makeshis vindictive threats conscious only of his temporary position, and inflated with the Protectionist following wliieh his party lhas got, and whiieh is not a majority. That party will not be very tlhankful to hint for what lihe has done. He: has committed an egregious blunder;, and in' polities, as in war, a blunder is worse than a crime." 