Commercial versus Political. Oub Railway Commissioners have been duly installed in office — only a week or so, to be sure, but long enough evoke deep-mouthed disapproval from those professional politicians, who see some of their most cherished perquisites in the way o£ patronage gone for ever. Every thing tends to forecast a repitition on our part of our Southern neighbours' experience. Not without a struggle did tho corrupt regime give up the ghost in New South Wales, and even yet many of its friends live in a fond super stitious hope of its resnrrection. Ono exposure after another, however, tends to render the chances of any such un holy miracle of the remotest. The reports, just issued, oE Mr. Thow, formerly locomotive engineer of rail ways for South Australia, now holding a similar position in. New South Wal-s, and of Mr. Price-Williams, an English engineer of high authority, cut down to tho very root of the political manage ment cancer, causing even its shameless advocates to hang down their heads, and everybody else to turn theirs away. It is found that the New South Wales railways Have been working with rolling stock — locomotives, carriages, goods wag gons — that should have been consigned to the furnace or the timber yard years and years ago. Ton years is the normal lite-span of a modern locomotive, or, by another test, after it has accomplished 200,000 train miles, it should be recon structed or laid aside. In New South Wales one engine has \iocn in use 33 vears, and has run 009,000 miles since 1SG2— probably S00,000 miles alto gether, or four times as much as is considered safe in civilised countries, Another has very nearly reached tho same mileage, and. no less than 27 en gines have run between 400,000 and 500,000 miles. Of the present stock of ?1-29 engines, 135 require immediate renewal, 5S almost immediate renewal, and 77 renewal very shortly — that is, considerably over half the locomotives working on the Iine3 of the colony arc unfit for the purpose, and only effect it at the risk of life. With the carriages and waggons it is almost worse. They arc in a bad state generally, hog-backed, with worn outaxle-boxcs.and 'altogether in as bad a condition as it is possible to conceive.' After a cursory review of the rolling stock, the Commi-s-iiom-rs reckoned £1,000,000 would be required immediately to put things right. After an exhaustiveoxamination, Messrs. Thow and Price-Williams put the sum at £1,357,678 —locomotives, £510,645 ; carnages, 387,017 ; waggons, £459,9S6. And this is the result of political management. Railways must be built and worked in accordance with pledges made to constituents by people who don't know a locomotive from a timber waggon, and these railways must be made to pay at least working expenses though the rolling stock be worked until it falls to pieces in some fearful and bloody smash. Tho subject has more than passing interest for Queenslandcrs, many of whom must travel in the hog bicked carriages drawn by worn-out, wheezy engines on the neglected rail ways of New South Wales. The question at the same time will intrude — Has political management done as much for us ? How does our own rolling stock stand affected ? And although wo are confident those who had charge did .ill they eouM to keep everything in a state of efficiency, and succeeded tolerably well, an enquiry on our part also is imperative and will be looked forward to with excited interest. A moral of no mean significance awaits us in connection with this matter. Political control dies hard. It finds arguments for its existence in the most unlikely spots. It imputes its own defects to others and others' ex cellences to itself. The Sydney Morning Herald, in commenting upon the re ports glanced at above, says ' The de partmental heads must take some share of responsibility but the main cause of the unsatisfactory state of things revealed by the reports is the political system from which we have now happily escaped.' ' Not at-all ' says our own Mr. Groom in his speech on the Budget last Tuesday ; ' it was all due to com mercial management.' Mr. Groom does not bplieve in commercial principles in connection with railway manage ment. Nothing like tho old political system. ' This is borne out ' he says (wo quote from Hansard) by the very fact that the Now South Wales Commissioners, within six months of their assuming office, have been obliged to report to Parliament that they require £2,000,000 for rolling stock, and £1,000,000 of that at once, in order to put the rolling stock in a safe condition. That, judg ing from the opinion of people in that colony competent to give an opinion, has been brought about, not from any mismanagement by the late Commis sioner for Railways, or the Minister who have had charge of the department, but simply from the desire of the public and of Parliament that the railways should bo constructed on commercial prin ciples, and made to pay.' Truly Mr. Groom has his own pe culiar ideas of commercial principles — principles that according to this theory, if not according to this practice, inevitably lead up to a grand smash. But who are the people of Now -South Wales competent to givean opinion and who give the opinion quoted by Mr. Groom ? We have already quoted the opinion of the Sydney Morning Herald, and that opinion is endorsed by every authority worth quoting. Tho truth of that opinion is self-evident. The insufttcioncy of tho rolling stock, (says th.a Herald) was frequently pointed out in tho reports issued by tho lato Commissioner ; but, what with disputes ns to whom engines nnd carriages should be constructed, and the dis organisation of tho department arising from political influence, tho urgent needs of the service were not supplied. Thatsystom, how ever, is at an end, and tho condemnatory reports which have been published help to show what a heavy price tho country has paid for it. But what will not professional politicians say and do to retain in their hands that sweetest crumb on their table — tho manipulation of the railways of tho colony. 