. NEWS IN BRIEF. The richest mau in Berlin has ¿238,000 a ? year... . t .. Work on the Madras breakwater has-been re- . sumed. . .... . ' . ¡ ; ; Mr. J.- B. C. Mües,has been elected, unopposed, : city auditor for Sydney. A. branch of the Freetrade Association was formed last week night in Temora. , Mr. E. P. Barnes, J.P., has been appointed a ; member of the Cootamundra land board. The Chief Justice of South Australia has been sworn in as acting-'Governor of that colony. The polling for Patrick's Plains and East Mac quarie is fixed to take place on the 22nd inst. 1 The Farmers' Association of Victoria has started a fund for helping distressed farmers. The Legislative Assembly has adjourned until April 2, and the Legislative Council until'April 3. A batch of forty ponies has been imported into Melbourne from Batavia for racing pur poses. .' ? * H. W. Lucy thinks the orators of the Commons aro Gladstone, W. O'Brien, Sexton, and Major Nolan. Musca domestica, the common house fly, can move through the air at the rate of 175ft per second. < ? . - Mr. Chamberlain wants "free schools" in England. Tho amount now received in feo3 is ¿1,774,026. . .- . "Pore Noel," the oldest of street medieants, died in January, aged 102. "He never willingly tasted water." , . . c Out of a total of thirty-three'patients in the Broken Hill Hospital, nineteen are being treated for typhoid fever. Australian butter is coming in small quantities, and bringing 100s to 108s (wrote a London corres pondent on February 1). Mysore has nearly paid off to the Government of India the debt of eighty lakhs, which was in curred during tho last famine. Tho Stato of Now York has passed a law com pelling all railroad companies to heat their cars by steam from tho locomotives. Tho Government of India has sanctioned the immodiato construction of tho Anand Petlad rail way, in tho Bombay presidency. Tho elections for St. Leonards, East Sydney, East Maitland, The Globo, West Sydney, and Canterbury take placo on tho 20th inst. At tho end of last year there were thirty-nine inmates of the Sydney Female Refuge ; sixty-four having left the institution during the year. The Dundee ADVERTISER said lately that nearly 4,000,000 of capital invested in the Ame rican cattle companies were yielding no interest. Probate has been granted in the following estates : Alexander Munro, sworn under ¿49,698 ; Joseph Davis, ¿18,817; and George Durham, ¿28,708. A large fire haa occurred at Cambridge, "Waikato, New Zealand, twenty shops and dwelling houses in the main street having been de stroyed. ' . . . .' Tho Maharaja of Jèypore has goffered to the Indian Government to keep in readiness for active service a thousand transport animals, fully equipped. . ? .. Minnie Matilda Mirrel, 15 years" old, received an address and ¿85 at Dorking lately/ for having saved three children from a fire at great risk of her own life. Mrs. Mackay, the wealthy American, who is credited with financing ' Boulanger, purchased lately a robe embroidered with real pearls, and costing .£10,000. The date of the proposed fruit-growers' confer ence in Sydney, arranged by the Fruit-growers' Union of New South Wales, has been fixed for tho 27th instant. . The colonies are invited to co-operate in an agricultural exhibition to bo held next Juno in tho Windsor (Eng.) Great Park to celebrate her Majesty's jubilee. Among the passengers in the Iberia, from Lon don, was J. Angus, CE., who will hold the posi tion of confidential officer to the Board of Rail way Commissioners. Banking is flourishing in South Africa. Tho Natal Bank has declared a farther dividend of 6 per cent., with a bonus of 3 per cent., making 15 per cent, for the year. Tho leading pastoralists in the district of Mus wellbrook contemplate erecting a largo slaughter ing establishment for the purpose of supplying the Sydney meat market. ? Major Taunton, D.A:Q.M.G. of the New South Wales forces, was a passenger to England on Saturday in the s.s. Austral. The major is on leave of absence for nine months. ... i The dato of the Land Appeal Court, which was fixed, for the 18th instant, has been altered to tho 25th, owing to.the 18th being nomination day for elections in Ministerial electorates. ' Tho late Crown Prince of Austria had a peculiar fondness for ghost stories and spiritualism, and then became haunted with tho fear that he might go mad, like Louis II., of Bavaria. Tho schedulo for tho fifth annual exhibition of the Upi er Manning Agricultural and Horticul tural Association, to bo hold at Wingham on April 16, 17, and 18, has boon issued. The Railway Commissioners say that although the locomotive works are to bo removed from Nowcastle the amount of carriage building at that place will be greatly increased. Dr. G. Peabody read beforo tho recent meeting of the Association of American Physicians a case where a pin was found in tho heart, whore it had evidently lain for an indefinite period. Mary Dickens is on tho English stage playing in tho provincial towns. She has much of her father's dramatic talent. She has written for the press, but prefers tho footlights to the pen. Sir Julius "Vogel has decided to resign his seat in the Now Zealand Parliament, as he intends to stay at least fora couple of/years in England, until the education of his sons ÍB Completed. ; Under the new Indian Railways Bill, power ? will be given to the Indian Government to dp- .? point three commissioners', to < adjudicate. 'upon. ¡ questions whichin&f; äriBöin'thè\wo'ïMng/of'tue', v The will of the late Francis Henty was proved in the S uprême Court, Melbourne, last week.The real estate was valued at .£166,640, and the per sonalty at ¿157,000, making a total of .¿313,640. Sir Thomas Esmorida and. Mr. John Deasy, Irish members of the House of Commons,^arrived at Hobart on Saturday, and intend: to make a tour of the -colonies: on behalf of the ; National League. : .V < ' ' ' '. A charge of bigamy'against a European1 woman in Madras resulted in favor of the prisoner. She had not seen or heard of her first husband for nineteen years till he was produced in court a few weeks ago.' : - The starting of an evening paper in Albury shows that the federal city is' marching onward. The first-number of the Albury EVENINO MAIL, published on the 9th instant, is a creditable production. . : An electro-motor, jg being used at the Giant's Causeway, in Irejtomd, for thrashing purposes, j Recently, we are told, a large stack of oats was passed through à thrashing-machine worked by it in two hours. Chevreul, the famous centenarian French chemist, is reported to be in bettor health than for some time past, and to give overy indication of living to enjoy his one hundred and third birthday, in August next. The relatives of ex-Empress Eugenie are ap prehensive that, she will bequeath a large part of her fortune to 'Princess Beatrice, and, are intrigu ing ' to get '.her - to settle permanently in Italy, away-from British influences. . . - . j A list of applications for letters patent and for certificates of provisional protection received at the Patents Office during the month óf February last, was published in a "supplement to the GO VERNMENT GAZETTE last week. * ' Early on Thursday morning the mutilated body of a German named August Conrad Sottorf was found on the railway near Newmarket (Vic.) station. : The head was severed from the body, and the chest was severely crushed. From'"the general election till the end of January there had been fifty-six by-contests in Britain. In consequence, thirty Tories and twenty-nine Liberals have been substituted for thirty-seven Tories and twenty-two Liberals. A storm of exceptional severity raged through out Holland on February 10. < Rotterdam, Dor drecht, Zwolle, and Kampen were inundated. Shipwrecks and great loss of life are reported. Heavy snowstorms prevailed in all parts of Ger many. - The. Government of Sweden is about to con struct a telephone line through central Sweden from Stockholm to Gottenburg. The line will be double ; one wire being 2'5mm in diameter, and the other 3mm. The latter will be used solely for communications between the terminal cities. A new railroad is being constructed over the Rocky Mountains of ¡ Colorado. The rails are transported from the plains by being;strapped to the backs of . donkeys, which travel in single file up_ the sides of the mountains ; the ends pf the rails trailing behind them, The highest altitude reached by the railway is 11,200ft. - " j A magisterial^ in«|uiry was held at the Prince Alfred."-'Hospital:on Friday, March 8, by Mr. W. T.; Pinhey, J.P., relative to'-the'death of the man David Mulholland, who died'from the effects of injuries ? received on the 4th through a punt, weighing 17cwt, falling on him at Shea's Creek. Fracture and dislocation of the Èpinal column were tho cause of death, and a finding of accidental death was returned. A correspondent of the CAPE MERCURY, writing from Butterworth, said : " To show what could be grown when proper caro was paid to tho crops and land in the Transvaal, it may be mentioned that Mr. Drayton purchased 95.}lb wheat, and sowed it ; and the return was 24001b of excellent grain when cleaned for tho mill. With soil like that in which this wheat was grown, the Kentani district could produce an unlimited supply of wheat, thus checking Australian and other im portations." SOUTH AFRICA.-The president of tho Orango Free State agreed to meet President Kruger and tho Transvaal Commission at Parys, on tho Vaal Uiver, to discuss a federal union treaty of com merce and other matters of mutual interest. The Government of Natal has announcod its intention to introduce during the coming session of the Legislative Council a bill to provide for tho ad mission into Natal, free of duty, of all matorials required for tho construction and maintenance of railways, telegraphs, bridges, and other public works in the Orango Free State and tho Transvaal, and of all artillery required for uso in thoso States. On February 2 a storm passed over King Williamstown, and nearly wrecked tho Newland Mission Station. At Fort Jackson and Berlin jagged lumps of ore as Large as pigeon eggs went through iron roofs, and did much damage. Nearly all tho crops wero destroyed. The fixed proporty of tho borough of Kimberley is estimated at JEl.508,120. Thoro wero 1638 deaths, whito and black .in Kimberley in 1888. The business transacted for the six months ended December 31, 1888, at the Standard Bank, Johannosberg, is said to havo amounted to .£40,000,000. These figures appear enormous, especially when it is considered that there are sovcral other banks in the town. At Piotor maritzburg tho following crushings for January wero reported : . Nigel, 138 tons for 420oz gold ; Stanhope, 882oz; Heriot, 493oz; City, GGSoz. The Stanhope declared a dividend of 10 percent. Tho Broken Hill Council has decided that the sizo and importance of tho city of Broken Hill demand that the Government should at onco take stops to afford a sufficient water supply. The population was said to be over 12,000, and the revenue was estimated at ¿£10,000 per annum, while the returns to the Government through the cus toms averaged ¿61000 per week. DRY IMPERIAL CHAMPAGNE. Messrs. Moët and Chandon are the largest vineyard proprietors and champagne producora m tho world. .:Their " Dry Imperial " 1884 vintage is the pure*juico öf selected grapes from their own vineyards of 2500 ¿acres in the -choicest distriotai nt Franco." The'Im perial Crown is in each corner" of "lábelj and 1884: hrandod on oorkarid labaL-4.-, . y v 