WAS IT A GHOST? ' Oh, don't let as talk of ghosts any more,' said our hostess. 'I have no patience with them. Idiotic beings! Wandering about at unseasonable hoars, ingntemag lnonensive people oat -or their wits. I never yet heard of a ghost who was of nse to anyone, or who had any good reason to show for its appearance.' Everyone laughed except one person, and ehe, like Viola in Twelfth Night,' said : ' Ah 1 but I know ' and then, tike' Viola, paused. No one heard her except myself. Mrs. Lester's remark seemed suddenly to have put to flight the 'eerie' mood which a succession of ghost stories had encouraged in as. The circle round the tea-table broke up, and one after another sanntered from the drawing-room, till at last there remained only myself and another. The lights had not yet been brought in, and I conld only see her face by the glow of the fire. 'Now, Mrs. Mantell,' I said, carrying a chair np to take my plaoe beside her. 'Tell me what y on know.' Abont what V ' Aboutghoste.' ' Oh,' eaid Mrs. Mantell, remembering her words, and recognising my meaning with a Might start and a blush. ' I don't know that 't would interest -yon. ' It wonld interest me intensely.' ' And besides,' she continued, 'I am not sure that it was a ghost 'Never mind; let me jodge for my- eelf. " For, indeed, .1 was leas concerned about the, ghost thau abput Mis. Man- tell herself. Most old maids have their hobbies; mine is an affection for rpmahcee .— romances in real life, I mean. Hove them,' aud I look for. them as other people do for bric-a-brac, antique coins or .foreign .postage stamps; and in the conrse : of the: last twenty years, I have amassed a very, pretty collection. Already; I divined one in the presence Ktlfn -Unilair .nnli- mnrelv from the nuhjeiswtetntes !' and sensitiveneaa df her uxpresaion, -but from a few . words which,, oil the day iof her arrival; had foiled. from: ont hostess. Mr. Mantell'fe our friend,' Mrs. Lester :tad explained. 'I have teot yet jieen her. She was his motherVgovernesu or companion, i lorgpt which, she had rather; a : vpmantic story. I ;;.'She wis hronght .np "in » most extiavagant style, iandteta her father dtal tarf,Pt» ftt" left her without a penny. . ;r ? Do begin, Mrs. Mantell,' I pleaded. -«-TJiV, rmfli n Lr-hfll I will iillb ' in a few miitntos. v Sta'yiMecij as I hoped she wonld ; as most hnman:beuiga doto.my.ffattering, . «ager - Interest in titem- -:ted / .ihrir- experitecte r'V;;'-1" ; : iiA-I must hegin a long way, terkj fhroe Vriro vera t going .ieaortW' Usees. jgitarolly yeaf JW teb«o%(faaln Garolme, il-temem- %Uth 'tee,'tiit>nEht::jmnch bedeathM jjimly'|»1&jnroutae;'<£rwh- neas of her toilette. : L on the contrary, ' thought it would be as Tom snggisted, great fan. There was, as we expmted, I a great eruBh at the Btation, and, to make matters worse, we arrived only jnst before the train started. In fact, it wonld have started withont as, if Tom, to Caroline's indignation, had not throat as unceremoniously into a third- class carriage. ' Well, I'm not going to lose the first race for your stuck-np notions,' said Tom, with cousinly frankness. ' It's only for half-an-honr, and it won't do yod any harm.' I looked round rather nervously, feeling that Caroline's objections were highly discourteous to oar fellow passengers. There were seven of them. Fonr .very horsey-looking .men fondly discussing the races; a soldier in a scar let uniform ; a young man and tasidea in their Snnday anay ; and a j woman with a baby, in her lap, on the seat opposite mine. She glanced ap at ite as I took my place, showing me -as she did so two of the eaddest , eyes I have everseen'in any human face." XfoyVmoved me to look at tier more attentively.' fi)lB BUD O TlllllflllLllitiul IvAlwan ' mtetal w bnt not nntidily dressed. I remember she won a rusty black shawl over her shoulders, and that the baby was wrapped in a coarse grey one. - Her face, like her hand which clasped 'the child, seemed worn to the bone with waste, or care, or suffering ; or it might be all three. Her month, tike her eyes, was sad and . uncomplainingly sweet. My spirits,' which had been bnbbllng joyonely all day, began to subside. I was -glad that a dnst cloak of sombre hue covered from neck to hem the gay dress I wore, and that no one conld Bee the three| gold coins jingling loosely in my pocket i which my father had given me to spend on sweepstakes. I began to wonder sadly how life felt to those who lived in the shadow instead of the snnshioeL Suddenly, the baby awoke and began to cry. The mother changed its position and Btrove to hush it,' but the baby only wailed the loader. Everyone in the carriage looked impatiently towarda -her, sad Caroline audibly remarked that babies ought not to be allowed to travel. The poor woman, as she shifted the child from one arm to another, with a weary sigh, looked ronnd npon ns for a'moment as if mntely entreating onr forgiveness for annoyance she could not prevent. ' Let me take the b&by; for a little,' I said. I was not experienced in nursing, and ted little hope of quietiog the child, but I longed to relieve the mother's tired arms and to atone for what seemed to me the ungraciousness of the others. ' Why, Mabel, are yon crazy !' ex claimed Caroline. Tom stared at me with mingled wonder and amnsemeot, and even the poor mother looked as if ehe had not heard aright ; but leant forward and took the baby -gently from her. By a fortunate chance the child left off crying almost immediately I had it io my arms. It caught eight of a gold ornament I wore, and clutching it in its tiny fiBts, became absorbed in ex amining it for the remainder of the jonrney. Caroline gradually left off sneering, and the others left off staring at ma Only the woman's sad eyes rested on me with a look of admiring no wuibu uiauo ujc iooi iuivc oquauwu, Where are yon going ?' I asked. Then Bhe leant forward and told me her story. It was a very sad one. She was a soldier's wife and had followed taf husband to India and back. Oa the way home she ted lost three little chil dren. This one, only eight weeks' old, was very weakly. She was going down to stay with her mother to see if the pnre country air would do it good. Yon will be glad to get Into the country, wou't you f ' Yes,' she said wistfully. ' But I was sorry to leave my husband.' I bad read and heard ofcen enough the most graphic descriptions of poverty and its trials, bnt I had never felt what it was till that morning when I sat with the poor pale-faced baby in my arms and listened to its mother's voice, lo w and pathetic, bnt witbont a tinge of Leachester I pat the baby back in her arms and thea slid my band furtively Into my pocket I did not wish Tom.or Caroline to see what I was doing, so L waited till the last moment ; then sud denly drew my money out, thrust it into the woman's hand, and jumped on to the platform before she ted time to discover what I had givenher. |The crowd at this Btation was greater than ever. Tom bad literally to fight a way ont for ..himself and us, and as at one moment we stood, blocked near the exit, I turned to see the train glide from the station. The poor woman with her baby was at the window, watching apparently for me ; for, as onr eyes met she started and pat ont her head as if ehe would' have spoken. I conld not have . heard ' her if she did ; nor did 'it mnch matter, for. ber words wonld hardly have been as eloquent as her eyes. They seemed, as they met my own, almost'to.bnrn with. intensity of feeling. There was something solemn .in that look I felt as if the woman was praying for. me, and inwardly registering a solemn vow that at some time she' would repay for my. help,. -Then the train swept on, and I saw .her no more. It bo uappeneu mum> i never weut to Leachester by train again till three years later; and then alas! nnder very different circumstances. My father had died leaving me penniless. ' I had np mother, ' no , relations .and, it then apptered, " no friends ; except, indeed, Mr: and Mrs. - Barton onr clergymen and his wife. They- most kindly in'- sisted on my making my .home with them till each, time as I conld find some means - «f ..: earning my bread. - How difficult - that was yon can /hardly imagine if yon have never tried to . find naldnniplovmeat "for woman who has beeri bronfiht > rip only to-be ft iady. I teuld do several things a little ; nothing 'te well as iifee people with whom I nte to compete. ..., . ,, One day,: fairly, ont > <of -heart, lest hslf weepink- alone, by . the drawing- .. ©ita :the .jBitemrj Jbe .withteme tc for .-pe. She looked wistfully : at me as she pot dowrrthe tray, and Said;.' I tag youV tardbh,' mis8, but I heard ytetaflay a !; nnrseryjgoVerness for Bar twoi little grand-children. I : Ltiotft' khowJksMiat "sort ;dl"phice wbnld be;gtad enough for yp», te/verytappy there, frftiiMn. Mantell u such aland, nice lady. . I was housemaid there be fore I came tare. She was Each a good lady ; anybody couldn't help liking her!' ' I should be . too glad to get such a place,' I mid. ' And I will try and go to Leachester to-morrow. How shall I get to the station, J wonder?1 For it was six miles off and Mr. and Mrs. Barton kept no carriage. Eliza timidly suggested that Fanner Edwards wonld be going into Leachester next day by an afternoon train, and would give me a lift to and from the station, if I wonld aocep t i t « And where does Mrs. Mantell live, Eliza? was my last question. ' I dta't know, mlssi, exactly. She's changed her address since I lived with her, bnt yon can easily find ont, yon know. She's the doctor's wife. Anyone will tell yon where Doctor Mantell lives.' ' Accordingly, next day I went to Leachester. The whole way there I could not refrain from montnfnlly con- trastingmy present and my laBt jonrney. The one point of -resemblance was that on tath occasions! travelled in" a third class carriage. Otherwise the difference ww vviu|»tbv« CIUU UopttaMIU UOV1VCOU that glowing Jane morning and this moody November afternoon; bet-ween the crowds of pleasu re-seekers who then thronged the stations and their dnll Work-a-day -aspect to-day; above all between iny then smiling fntnre and my now over-clouded fate. If only the sun wonld have come ont, I thought, I could have felt -more hopeful ; bnt not a gleam played on the tali cathedral-spire, Or the scattered toofs and gardens of Lea- ch ester as we steamed in. I walked slowly from the station to ' the more inhabited part of the town and entered the first chemist's - shop I saw. ' Will yob please tell me,' Tasked the maD behind the counter, 1 where Doctor Mantell lives ?' ' Which Doctor Mantell, madam Y wae his moat unexpected and disconcerting answer.. Is there more than one Doctor Man- toll?' ' Yes, madam ; there are two cousins. Doctor George Mantell, who lives in Church Street, and Doctor Leigh Man tell, who lives in St. Anne's Place.' ' Do yon happen to know which Mrs. Mantell is in want' of a nursery gover ness ?, 'They are both looking ont for nnrsery governesses, I think, madam.' I was evidently in ill- luck that day. What was I to do? I was especially anxious to find "the "Mrs. Mantell of whom Eliza had eaid such pleasant things, bnt how was I to find her ? How could I go to either lady's house, ask If she was the person who had been so kind to Eliza, and then take my leave if she said she was not ? Betides I did not know what Eliza's enrname wae. Above all, there was not much time wherein to make experiments. In an horn and a telf my bain wonld start. I thanked the man, left the shop and went slowly along, wondering If I must really return withont fnlfilling my errand, wasting thns a whole afternoon, and. the still more precious money which my jonrney wonld cost me. An impulse made me suddenly look np, and I saw standing at the other ride of the street a woman, with a baby in oor aims, a pool wuuhq in a tuiauuy blank shawl. I recognised an instant afterwards that it was the poor woman I had travelled with in the train three years ago. The same sad eyes were looking intently at me now, as if she had something to say to me. I crossed the street to speak to her, but directly I began to move towards her, ehe turned and began to walk on. I quickened my pace to make np to her, bnt without success. I went faster and faster till I was almost running, bnt the faster I went, the faster too did she go ; though, strange to say, without running. She seemed to glide very fleetly but veiy quietly along. At length the astonished looks of the people I was passing re minded me of the remarkable pace I was going at. I slackened my steps, and then, ratter provoked, determined to give np the chase. But as I paused the WUUICIU paUQCU BIDtl| auu VUI mug IUUUU| beckoned to me with an imploring look in her dark, sad eyea It was evident she wanted me to fol low her for some unimaginable reason, and did "not wish me to to walk with her ; eo, impelled oow by curiosity, as well as interest, I tacitly submitted to tins arraugemeu'. The woman led the way at a moderate pace, aud I followed about twenty yards behind. We tnroed several corners and at last entered what I supposed mast, from its outward aspect, be one of the most fashionable streets in the place. This was not the kind of looality ioto which I expected my humble acquaintance to lead ma Who and what can she be ?' I asked myself. I saw a sister of charity com ing towards me at this moment, and ..it occurred to me that ehe might in all probability be able to answer my ques tion. 'Canyon tell me, if you please,' I said at once, 'who that poor woman is — -that poor woman with the baby ?' The sister stopped, turned ronnd, and looked in the direction towards which I pointed ; then turning towards me with a puzzled expression said: . ' What : woman ? What baby ?' TT 13-1 1_ ; A2_ O aow.soauittua HHH DUCU » IJUOOMUU » I gazed at her bewildered. There was only ,one woman, each as i described, ! to j be seen. In fact, no. other hnman. bring of either sex, or any age was then visible pn that tide of the Btreet Don't. - yon see her? I repeated incrednlontiy, pointing again towards the woman,' who ted stopped : ' stand- fog at the door of that big house1?' . .' I see no one,' said the Bister. ! Ibid tar good morning, concluding that tehe - , was not quite right .iri ber mind ; aud i fancy from: her her ex- oressioa'tliat lfoft her with tfae iname imprestionof.mystiL , : ;1 Myatraoge gnide moved , on and I foUpwed her ; bat jnet as I reached the big bouse 1. 1 f had spoken, of she/dia append ; .pr .rather, as Mrs. Moles worth says fojone : oE ; iier ghost (stories, : die < was not there.' It gave melhe most extraordinary fgelingd-fagve ever had. 1 stared fend -robbed my eyes -for a little d'thta'Itagan to wonder if. I really btataaprtjjhtet.'. I .tamed to giyo, a lmpelta gWce behind me.andiasTdid ta tae ta'the biBM .plate of the dbortafore which 1 was trtandfog. , H'tata'jbiT- George Mantell. ! ! -. - 'I hope you rang the bell at brita I exclaimed. I did : the coincidence was too re- markable. I determined to see if my ghost had led me there on purpose.' . ' Well, and was it the right Mrs. Mantell f It was, indeed, the right Mrs. Man tell,' she answered fervently. ' The best and kindest of woman ! My mis tress first, and then my mother. And yon know,' she added, glancing rather shyly at me, I met my husband there.' Ihave seen a great deal of the darker side of married life, so I was impressed by this informal ion quite in the way she expected me to be. ' Bnt the woman and the child ?' I asked. Did yon ever hear more of them f ' Yes,' replied Mrs. MantelL Before tearing the train that day, when telling me her etory, she had told me her name <ind her mother's name and address. I .was puzzled by what I had seen that I wrote .. to inquire about her. Both mother and child were dead : had been dead abont three months — the child of convulsions, the mother of decline, hast ened by grief and trouble.' 