SKETCHER. ON THE OLD MOLE GUARD. By John D. Reid. Old Mole No. 1—A-a-all's well.' Old Mole No. 2—'A-a-all's well.' Ringing along the moonlit distance, caught up and flung back by the echoing rise of the rock over the hushed waters of the bay, came the long-drawn call of the sentries. It ran from post to post, from voice to voice, sank, and finally ceased in faint whimpers among the grim clifts upon which the moonbeams lay so coldly. It was one o'clock, alike by the sentry call and the drowsy bell-strokes sounding from unseen towers and corners of the fortress. In the shadowy moon- light and grim threaten- ing of 'Old Gid's' face seemed to soften into quiet peacefulness. Along the shore the heavy batteries were wrapped in a fairy blue haze that hung in tremulous folds over their sullen fronts half hiding port and embrasure, behind which lurked in the dark the great cannon. Behind, the town lay asleep, no sound arising from it save now and again, the sharp challenge of invisible sentries, whose bayonets glimmered restlessly here and there in the moonbeams. And above, black in spite of the moon, the steep mountain-side rose up terrace, slope, and rooky, wall, to where the Sky Battery seemed to tower among the stars. Westward the broad bay lay motionless, blurred and indistinct in the haze that thick- ened in the distance till it nearly hid the far sweep of the soft Andalusian shore. And over all the glorious Spanish moon, rode in mid-heaven, flooding all the sky with her white splendour. It was a lovely night—one to stir even the coldest and most careless into admiration, with its dreamy beauty and rest- ful peace. But within the guard-room of the Old Mole admiration of natural beauty was not then thought of. Flung down upon the rough benches, belted and great-coated, in readiness for instant turnout, lay the men of the guard whose turn off sentry it was, wrapped in the deep sleep of the soldier, and from which only a soldier can awake with such miraculous alertness. A solitary lamp burned dimly on the rough table, lighting up the rude room and gleaming on the bayoneted rifles of the sleepers. At the table sat the corporal of the guard, labouriously filling in routine items in the guard report. The scraping of his pen was the only sound heard in the room other than the slow breathing of the sleepers; ex- cept, indeed when some victim upon whom the swarming bugs and mosquitoes had made an unusually ferocious attack, roused himself to scratch and swear as only the gallant Highland Light Infantry can swear. In at the open door stole a soft whisper—scarcely a sound—the faint lapping of water along the mossy stones of the Mole. Suddenly the corporal lifted his head, with a jerk, and half rose. 'Halt! Who comes there?' The challenge rang out loudly in the per- fect quiet, and was followed by a pause of utter silence. From the distance at which it sounded, the corporal knew that it came from No. 2 post. 'What the dickens is he shouting about?' he muttered. 'There can be no one near him and no boats about at this time. I've half a mind to go and see.' Presently he thought better of it, and lift- ing his pen screwed his tongue in his cheek, and went back to his task. 'Halt! Who comes there?' Instantly the corporal was on his feet. There could be no mistake about this second challenge. Something was wrong on No. 2. He caught up his rifle from the rack and rushed out. No. 1 sentry was standing just without the door, his rifle at the port, his eyes fixed on the far end of the Mole. In the moonlight the man's face wore a look of puz- zled concern. 'What's up?' demanded the corporal, as soon as he emerged from the guard-room. 'Blest if I ken,' was the answer. I can see him weel enough, but feint a leavin' else, an' there's no a boat aboot. He's aff his nut I'm thinkin'.' 'Who is it, again?' 'Young Allan, G Company. He's been owre lang drinkin' in the Glass Barrel last nicht.' 'It looks like it,' returned the corporal. 'Stand by to turn out the guard, while I go to see what's wrong.' The sentry nodded, and the corporal set off down the Mole towards the shadowy figure of Allan, standing out against the misty moon water behind him. The second sentry did not move till the corporal got within fifty paces of him. Then he whirled sharply, and again the challenge echoed out on the still air. 'Halt! Who comes there?' 'Corporal of the guard.' 'Stand, corporal of the guard. Advance one and give the counter-sign.' The bayonet whirled like pale flame through the moonlight as he brought his rifle to the charge. The corporal advanced till the point touched his breast. 'Calpe!' 'Advance, corporal of the guard.' As he recovered the position of port-arms, the corporal stepped and fronted him. 'What's the matter?' he asked, eyeing the sentry narrowly. 'I don't know.' 'What?' 'Don't Know; the devil, I think.' Allan, a fine-looking young fellow of twenty-two, spoke with great though repressed excitement. His face was ghastly in its pal- lor, and his brows were knitted with a curious mingling of rage and fear. The corporal stared at him in silent amazement. 'What did you challenge?' 'I can't tell you.' 'Stuff!' was the angry rejoinder. 'You are talking like a lunatic or a man in drink.'. 'I don't drink, and I am as sane as you are this minute.' 'Well, but surely you know what made you challenge? You didn't go shouting like that for amusement, I expect?' 'Nothing like it.' 'Then what was it?' 'A shadow.' Again the corporal stared and then his mahogany face became overspread by a deri- sive grin. Allan was a young soldier, and such, he knew, were apt to give way to ner- vousness when on night duty—nervousness arising, not from fear, but an exaggerated sense of responsibility. 'Well, see here, Allan,' he said, speaking with quiet significance, 'I'd advise you to challenge no more shadows. Just wait till you see the man himself. If you don't you will get yourself into a scrape some of these days.' There was no man in it, or woman either. 'What, then?' 'Blood.' The corporal started back, a new idea breaking on his mind. Allan had gone off his head, and that in no jesting sense. 'Look here, Corporal Steele,' said Allan, perhaps divining what was passing in the thoughts of the other; 'I'll just tell you how it was, and then you can either laugh or do anything else you like about it. My mind is all right, and so is my sight, but I'll be shot if I can make this out at all. I'd have thought that some of the fellows were trying on larks if it hadn't been that I could see right up to the guard-room, and there isn't enough cover to shelter a rat, much less a man.' 'Well, go on.' 'Turning there'—and he pointed to the ex- treme end of the Mole—'I saw something black run along the stones—or, rather, the front of it did, for it spread along just like water spilled by somebody running—in sort of gouts and splashes. It was as black as ink too, and, coming so suddenly, it scared me properly. I challenged almost before I knew what I was doing; then looked up to see if it had been caused by clouds. There wasn't so much as a trace of a cloud on all the sky, least of all near the moon. Then I looked down again, and——' He stopped, shuddering. The corporal was leaning on his rifle and watching him in- tently. Somehow, though, the smile on his face had gone. Perhaps the fearful earnest- ness of the narrator impressed him a little in spite of himself. 'Well,' he said, 'what then?' 'Well it had stopped then, and lay right there where you are standing now. But it wasn't in splashes then as it was before— rather a pool that grew and ran among the stones. What was worse, it was no longer black, but red—red like blood. If I was scared before, I was a thousand times worse now, and yet I couldn't get rid of the notion that there was a trick in it somewhere. The idea made me mad and I challenged again. Then, while I stood looking at it, it seemed to fade away and vanish before my eyes. The next thing was you coming up. That's the simple truth of the matter; and now what do you think of it?' The corporal was puzzled. His own com- mon sense refused to allow him to admit anything approaching the supernatural, and yet how was he to explain it? To have talked to Allan of optical illusions would, he saw, be utterly useless in his then state of excitement. No argument capable of being advanced by man could have shaken Allan's belief in the evidence of his own eyes. He did what was perhaps the best thing he could have done in the circumstances, and that was to make no comment at all. Shoul- dering his rifle, he looked his companion straight in the eyes and said— 'I'll tell you again what I think of it. This is no time for bletherin' about such stuff, and there's other work to be done. I'll see you when you come off, and mean- while, keep you a sharp lookout, letting shadows alone unless you can see what causes them. I don't want to have to report you to the doctor when guard is relieved.' He turned away as he spoke, leaving Allan standing looking at him with a strangely ab- stracted expression. 'What was't?' asked No. 1 sentry, as the corporal came up. 'Nothing,' was the evasive reply; he thought he saw something.' 'Like enough,' responded the other. 'It's the nerves. I mind when I was a recruit I challenged my ain sentry-box ae dark night, an' book my bayonet in't for no answerin'. I hope ye put the yowlin oot o' that gomeral?' 'I think I have,' replied the corporal as he re-entered the guard-room and returned to his guard report. He was careful, however, to make no reference to the incident just re- corded, in the salutary state of fear aroused in most men by the thought of chaff. To re- cord that No. 2 had seen a ghost, or what, at least, was next door to one, was the very best way in which to make both the sentry and himself the laughing-stock of the whole garrison. The corporal had no mind to un- dergo such process of notoriety as that, and so discreetly left out the very 'unusual oc- curence,' in spite of the orders to the con- trary. Nevertheless the thing left an unpleasant impression on his mind, and one that he could not wholly shake off, although he tried his hardest. Allan's words, the very way in which he told his outrageous story, rendered it impossible to doubt his sincerity of belief in what he saw, or fancied he saw. Corporal Steele was an old soldier, and, while very intelligent, was a remarkably uninmagina- tive man. The Red Book, Field and Rifle ex- ercises, he had off by heart and was ready to swear by, but of poets he knew little and ro- mancers less. Yet, as he sat there in the si- lent guard-room, listening to the eerie lap, lap of water and the deep breathing of his sleeping comrades, he felt a sense of slow un- easiness creep over him, too dim to resolve into shape and yet strong enough to be almost unbearable. So pronounced did it become at last that he flung down his pen, and approaching, the door of the guard-room, stepped out on the Mole. Hidden in the shadow of the wall, he looked keenly along the white track of the Mole curving inward like a wall through the dark water. All was right, so far as he could see. No. 1 sentry was standing at ease at some little dis- tance, his mouth agape, his eyes fixed on vacancy. No. 2 he could just distinguish marching briskly up and down his post, the quick glitter of his bayonet marking the point at which he turned. Reassured, the corporal was in the act of turning indoors again when a heavy bell somewhere in the town struck two, electrify- ing No. 1 from laziness into activity. From far away the call 'All's well' came ringing round the rock, and as it reached him he took it up with a jackal-like yell that made the air quiver. No. 2 answered it with one of equal volume, and then approaching the door No. 1 thrust his head in, shouting— 'Sentry go!' 'Don't say anything about Allan's scare,' said the corporal in a rapid undertone. 'I don't want him chaffed about it.' 'A' richt,' was the answer; and then the relieving sentries made their appearance, yawning and rubbing their eyes. No. 1 was speedily relieved, and before the new sentry had taken two turns of his post the old one was down at full length on the wooden bench, and nearly fast asleep. Insom- nia in any shape does not prevail in the army to any marked extent. All was right on No. 2, and the transfer was quickly effected. But as the relief was marching off, Allan approached the new sentry. 'For God's sake, keep your eyes about you and wide open,' he said, in a low earnest tone. The other, a remarkably handsome man of about thirty, but whose character was none of the best, halted and stared at the speaker in astonishment. 'What the—what's the matter with you?' he asked. 'Did you bring a bottle on guard with you, or what?' 'Never mind that, Wilson; you do as I tell you.' 'Is anything wrong?' 'Not yet, but there may be.' 'All right, I'll keep a good lookout,' re- plied the other, in a careless tone, as he turned away. 'What were you saying to him?' asked the corporal, as they went back towards the guard- room. 'Only telling him to keep a sharp eye about him. You may say what you like, corporal, but I feel sure that something is going to happen on that post before we go off. It has been growing on me since ever I saw that in- fernal thing an hour ago, and I can't shake it off.' The other made no reply then; but when the relief had been dismissed, he beckoned Allan to follow him from the room. Outside was a bench running along the wall. On this they seated themselves, and then the corporal spoke. 'Now, Allan, just go over that yarn again,' he said, 'and tell me everything, down to the very position of the stones you were standing on.' Thus adjured, Allan repeated at much greater length and with more of detail the story he had before told. The corporal heard him in silence, and when he had finished, sat for some moments in thoughtful reverie. 'You don't drink, I think you said?' 'I don't; never did.' 'Have you been reading any ghost yarns lately? There's some such trash in the library I know.' 'No, I haven't, and I don't believe in ghosts, or at least did not till—till now!' 'Do you now?' 'I don't seem to have much choice left. How on earth am I to get over that shadow?' 'Your eyes may have deceived you.' 'Bet your best button they, did not.' 'And there was nothing that you could see likely to account for it?' 'Nothing.' Both were silent for some minutes, and then the corporal broke out in a tone of irrita- tion— 'Hanged if I don't think that we are a pair of auld hen-wives, bothering about such stuff as this!' 'Maybe,' returned Allan drily. 'But I don't feel like a henwife, and I'd just like to ask you a question.' 'What is it?' 'You're an old soldier, and have seen a good deal in your time. Now, did you never come across things that neither you nor any man living could explain, try as you might?' The corporal did not answer, but there rose in his memory more than one queer re- collection—such recollections as every obser- vant man must have who has long lived such a life as falls to the lot of the British soldier or sailor. 'Well,' he said slowly, 'it seems to me that the world is full of queer things, comrade, or rather things that seem queer to us; but I don't believe in ghosts, for all that. This story of yours is not worse than some I have heard either. But we needn't bother about it. Let's go in.' 'I'm not going in,' replied Allan quietly. 'What for?' 'Because I don't feel easy about that post. I'm going to sit here a while where I can see it.' 'Stuff! Why, suppose that anything went wrong down yonder, it would be all over before you could get here. Besides, there's No. 1 to look out for that.' No. 1 might not see what was happening nearly so soon as I would, and as for getting there I wouldn't try; I could reach anybody yonder in about a second with this.' He tapped something resting against the wall beside him as he spoke. Looking down the corporal saw that it was his rifle. The thing frightened him thoroughly some- how, and he looked at Allan anxiously. The face of the latter was pale, and there was a strange light in his eyes. Yet there was not the slightest trace of irrationality about him. 'Why, what do you expect to see, in the name of all the saints?' 'I don't know,' returned the other, speak- ing in tones that told of increasing excitement, 'but I do know that something I will see. Do you know what that thing looked like? It has just come to me now.' 'No.' 'Like a man running with a mortal wound —running till he fell.' The corporal felt a cold chill cross him. Allan lifted his rifle, sprung the lever, put a cartridge into the chamber, shut the breech, and then with the rifle, across his knees, sat looking fixedly in the direction of the sentry No. 1. 'If it wasn't for being laughed at I'd double sentries,' said the corporal, half to himself. But he no longer thought of going. He had caught something of his companion's excite- ment, and felt so nervously alert as to render sleep impossible. It was in vain that he argued and reasoned with himself, told him- self that the whole thing was absurd, and that he was a fool to share the silly fears of a scared recruit. It would not do; rightly or wrongly he had become almost as bad as Allan, and felt that he must see it out. Slowly the time dragged on. Higher and higher the moon rose in the sky that was now dotted with drifting clouds. And with every minute that passed, the beauty and peaceful- ness of the soft southern night deepened. No. 1 sentry passed and repassed, giving an occasional careless look at the two motionless figures seated in the shadow of the guard house. A soft wind arose and stole in from the sea. The water lapped and gurgled among the stones, till, listening to it, the corporal's excited imagination quickened into nightmare. And still, motionless as a stone, his grasp on his rifle, his eyes fixed on the indistinct figure of No. 2, Allan sat waiting. A cloud passed over the moon, flinging a great shadow on the Mole. No. 2 reached its far end and halted as the hoarse bell pealed out on the silence One—two—three! Hark! Faintly heard at first, but rapidly coming nearer, the call of the sentries runs round the chain. No. 1 takes it up. 'Old Mole No. 1—A-a-all's well!' An instant's pause, and then Old Mole No. 2—A-a-all's well!' 'My God!' It came out with a shout, as he sprang to his feet and flung the rifle up to his shoulder while the corporal yelled frantically— 'Guard, turn out !' What, under heaven, had they seen—or heard? A gaunt, dripping figure that seemed to rise out of the sea right behind the uncon- scious sentry, the quick flash of a knife, an awful cry, that was drowned in the whip-like crack of a rifle; and then the alarmed guard came rushing out and tore down the Mole after Allan and the corporal. And this is what they saw. Prone on his face, stabbed through and through, and stone dead, lay Wilson, the sentry. And even in the horror of the moment, the corporal saw that he had run or staggered from where he was stabbed to the spot on which he lay in a pool of blood, leaving as he ran the trail of the shadow. 'Look,' he said, hoarsely to Allan, 'look!' The other turned away with a shudder and approached the little group gathered round a second body—that of the assassin. He too was dead, and as they turned him over and the moonlight fell on his dark face, that yet bore the look of exultant revenge it had worn when the bullet struck him down, one of the men uttered an exclamation. 'What is it? Do you know him?' asked the corporal. 'Yes; it's Jose, the gipsy. I knew it would end this way.' 'How?' 'Wilson took away his sweetheart, or the girl he wanted for his sweetheart, and he swore revenge. Well, he's got it in full, poor wretch!' 