THEATRICAL AND MUSICAL. The second piece of Mr. Charles War ner's farewell productions was given at the Royal last night, when the actor appeared as Hamlet, supported by a dis tinctly capable company. The impersona tion is not new to us in tho hands of Mr. Warner, and lovers of Shakespeare will not have forgotten the very favorable impression made by the actor under notice in the part some months ago. Whatever may be tbo critic's notion of text, conception, and method, it must fairly bo conceded that Mr. Warner giveB us a fine rendering of the character from a scholarly as well as from a dramatic point of view. His work denotes a deep and careful Btndy of the character, whilst his great experience as an actor enables him to accompany his reading with a dramatic foroe which serves to place his Hamlet at tho head of his long list of successes. Time after time the powerful delivery of some well-known lines brought a round or warm acknowledgment from the house, and at the cIobo of each act the aotos had to respond to a hearty bunt of applause. We shall look forward with unmixed pleasure to a future opportunity of seeing Mr. Warner as Hamlet, We venture to assert that those who went last night with many a doubt an to tho ability of Miss Warner to sustain the important and difficult part of Ophelia were moro than agreeably astonished before the close of tne evening. No one will Heek to deny that for bo young an aotress tho part is a big task, and all who saw Miss Warner's work last night will ungrudgingly render her tho warmest measure of praise for what was at times actually a powerful impersonation, Mr. Vincent proved himself the sterling artist that he ie in his dual impersonation of the 'Ghost and the FirBt Actor, and Mr. Her bert Flcmming was, as ever, painstaking and finished as Horatio. Mr. Oily Deering doubled the characters of Polo- nius and FirBt Gravedigger with an ability for whioh he is Bo..popnlar, Mr. Richard Stewart's Laertes was acceptable, and Mr. Marsh's King was dignified and stately. Miss Ada Ward scored a hit as the Queen, her dramatic force asserting itself where its presence was necessary ; and, moreover, the Queen was most richly attired, whioh added to the general fine effect. The other char acters were adequately sustained, and some idea of the atrong impression mado by the performance will be gained when it is mentioned that the house sat right thiongh to the end without a move, despite the fact that it was considerably after 11 p.m. when the curtuin was rung down. To- night Mr. H. H, Vincent takes his well deserved " bun." and as wo write we feel gratified to know that you couldn't got a drees circle sent for gold and precious stones, and a proportionate crush will doubtless occur in the other parts of the house. "Captain Swift" will be the play, in which the benoflciare will appear as Mr. Seabrook, 