ON BOARD THE FLYING DUTCH-' MAN.* It is somewhat singular that the legend of the Flying Dutchman should have remained so long neglected by novelists. It has been eagerly appropriated by dramatists and ope ratic composers, and .the weird performance of the late 0. Smith,'as Vanderdecken, is one of the traditions of the London stage, while the equally weird mnsic of Wagner's Der Fleigende Hollander is sufficiently well known to interest a great many persons in the ro mantic story upon which it >B founded. The phantom vessel, which is confidently asserted to have been seen by the two sons of the * The Death Ship. By W. dark Rusiell. Lon don ; Sunt Md ftavkett. Melbourne; 8. Mullen. Prince of Wales, and by other persona on board the ehip which conveyed them round the world, is supposed to be driven np and down the ocean in the latitade of the Cape of Good Hope; and to eight her is an omen of evil augury. When and where ehe was built, is not exactly clear, but ehe ia fabled to have sailed from Batavia for Amster dam, laden with Bpecie, somewhere about the year 1C50. An appalling murder was committed on board, then the plague broke out among the crew, and every port was closed against the doomed vessel, which has been an outcaet upon the high seas ever since. Such is the legend Mr. W. Clark Kussell has adopted as the groundwork of The Death Ship, purporting to be an account of a cruise in the spectral ship, collected from the pRpere of the late Mr. Geoffrey Fen ton, of Poplar, master mariner. This is a young English sailor who is entered as Becond mate on board the Saracen, of London, in 1736, bound for Cape Town, at the time the Dutch were bent on its recapture from the English. She narrowly escapes falling into the hands of a cruiser belonging to the enemy ; and having put in at Table Bay and discharged her cargo, she sails again, and meets with a succession of disasters. Her captain, whose mind is unhinged by super stitious fears, shoots himself ; and this be comes the prelude of a seiies of thrilling events, for soon afterwards a strange ship seems to ooze out of the darkness of the night, as strangely as a cloud Bhapes itself upon a mountain top, and as soon as there is light enough to discern her truly she proves to be the Flying Dutchman, com manded by Captain Vauderdecken. When she is hailed ehe sends a boat to the Saracen, which is fired upon by the crew of the latter, and. in the excitement, Geoffrey Fenton tails overboard and is picked up and carried on board tlie strange vessel, where he finds everything strangely old-fashioned-the ship hercelf, the costumes of the captain and his crew, and all the armament and fittincs. Of Vanderdecken himself Mr. Russell writes "Hiseyes were extraordinarily piercing and passionate, with the cruel brilliance in them such as may be noticed in the insane; the lower part of his iace was hidden in hair, but the skin of so much of it as was visible-for his cap was dragsed low down upon his brows-was uale, of a haggard sallowness, expressed best in paintings of the dead, where time has produced the original white-1 ness of the pigment," But this ghastly pallor was characteristic of all on board with the exception of one perscn, a beautiful young Engli-h girl, named Imogene Dudley, daughter of a sea captain. She had been picked up as a fugitive from her father's vessel, which had accidentally caught fire, and had been on board the phantom ship for five years. She alone was conscious of the lapse of time. Vauder decken and his crew believed that they had only quitted Batavia a lew months before, and were prevented by persistent head winds from rounding the Cape. Hence^the captai.u would talk of his wite and children as i£ he had only parted from them a year ago, and was looking forward to a reunion with his family so soon as these bafiling winds should cease to obstruct his voyage. Vanderdecken had adopted Miss Dudley as a daughter, and meant, as he imagined,to place her under the loving care of his wile, whenever he Bhoold return to port. For he was quite ignorant of his doom and ot his own supernatural longevity. At times he was subject to cata leptic trances, and then lie became like a mute petrified figure, and "it looked as if the death that was in his flesh and bones, find ing his 6pirir, or whatever it was that in formed him, languid, as the senses become through erief or sickness, asserted its powers till it was driven into its hiding-place again by the requickening of the euper natural element that possessed him. It was also apparent that this unnatural gift of life did but give vitality to a corpse ; and that even as a disinterred body that still wears the very tint of life, as though but just dead, falls into dust on the air of Heaven touching it, so do I strictly believe that Vanderdecken and bis crew would instantly crumble into ashes, which the wind would disperse, were the power that keeps them intelligent and capable of moving suspended." It will be readily surmised that the young Englishman falls in love with his fellowcountrywoman. He could scarcely do otherwise, even were it only to beguile the intolerable tedium of an interminable voyage in a vessel which is the Wandering Jew of the ocean. The monotony of the life on board would also have com [ municated itself to the narrative were it not I that Mr. Russell's descriptive powers, and his intimate acquaintance with all the diversified aspects of the sea, enable him to enliven hie pages with passages of a picturesque or stirring character. Here, tor instance, is a vigorously . drawn sketch of the phantom ship on the subsidence of a heavy gale:-" If ever a man W&B; to guess the deathless character of tbiB crait, it would beat Bucha time at this. The giant forces of nature with which she bad warred were languishing. The beaten storm, not, indeed, yet breathless, was slowly silencing the desperate roar of its invisible artillery; the Beas, like battering rams, thundered against her sides, but with a gradual lessening of! their fury, and the victorious ship, her decks streaming, her bows and Bides hound-like with Balival drainings, a fierce muBic of triumphant Bpoutings aloft, her reefed courses swollen as are the cheeks of trumpeters urging to the conflict, rose and fell, pitched and strained, among those liquid heights and hollows, every nerve in her ancient fabric strung taut for a battle that was to be repeated again and again, whilst the faintneBB round the horizon waxed into a delicate brightness of sunBhine Btream- ? ing off the edge of the canopy that still hovered on high, and the wind Bank into whistlings without admixture of thundering intervals, and the eurge-Blopes drooped out of their Bavage sharpness." The Flying Dutchman is described &a; tailing in with other vessels, but as soon as they learn her ghostly character they eheer off. Occasionally the phantom ship meets with a derelict, and this enables the captain to replenish his atoreB; and once she ia boarded by the officers and crew of a French pirate, but as soon as Fentori shouts out in their own language that it is L'Uollandais Volant, the ruffians, terror stricken, beat a precipitate retreat* and crowd all sail to get away from the accursed thing. Twice the life of the Englishman is attempted by a villainous Dutchman, named Van Vogela&r; and once a terrific tempest breaks over (he doomed ship, which springs a leak, and sbe puts into a bay upon the east coast of Africa for repairs, water, and fresh provisions, which gives Fenton and Imogens an opportunity for escape. In the darkness of a foggy night they lower one of the boats, having first of all secured some biscuits and water, but an alarm is raised, and the fugitives, although unseen, are fired at by Vander decken, and one shot unhappily wounds the young lady in the shoulder, who bleeds to death. Tlie chapter in which this tragic incident is described is one of the most thrilling in the book. Thenceforward the narrative is taken up by another hand, foe Fentpn falls into a state .of .raging delirium when he finds himself, with the corpse of the woman he adores, floating on the sea and alone with his agony and despair. The boat and its inmates are picked up by an English vessel bound from Tonquin to London, which found the !>eauiifu! corpse and its distraught guardian. The latter refused to eat or drink; but fell asleep, and after a trance-like slum ber of sixty hourB regained his reason, and was conveyed to England, where necessity forced him back to his oid vocation, and he continued at sea until be was sixty years of age. The narrative is full of that eerie fascina tion which belongs to a certain class of ghost stories, mid we are almost reconciled to the improbabilities of it by the ingenuity with which they are treated, and the air of vraiscmblance thrown over them by the skill of the novelist. 