SKETCHER. OH THE OtS MOLE GUARD. By Joint D. Rm). . OB, Vols No. L--4 A-a-all's woll.' OB Mole Ns>. 2 — 4 A-a-oli's WeU-' Ringing long tho moonlit dutonoe, up and filing back by tho «ohn!ng ri$c of tho rook over the hashed waters of the bay, oaxnn tho long-drawn o&llof; -the sentries. It ran from post to post, irom to loo to Tuloe, sank, aud finally ceased m faint "whispers among tho grim cliffs upon which the moonbeams lay so ooldly. 3 It was one o'clock, alike fey the sentry call and tho drowsy bell -stroikss Bounding from nnaoan towers ahd corners of the fortress In "the shadowy moon-light and'spim threaten ing of 4 Old Oid'a' face seemed to soften into quiet paacofulnees. Along the shore tho hart- that hung in tremulous folds over their eulien fronts half hiding port ar I embrasure, behind which lurtod in tho da. k the great cannon. Behind, the town l»y Ml«p, no Bound arising from it save now again the »harp challenge of Invisible mntnea, whose bayonets glimmered restlessly bore and there in tho moonbeams. And above, black m spits of the moon, thp steep mountain -side roae up woky, wall, to where tho „ BtttesYtoemedto tower among the stars. , xWcetitexdlJie broad bay -lay motionless, \- telwflya frflKtira tatbetoe that tbiok- in-tba distance till it nearly hid the far weep of the soft Axtdalosian chore- And overall the gi arums 8 Danish moon rode in nud-heaven, Hooding ell -the sky with her White splendour. It was a hrvely night— one to stir even tho coldest and most careless into admiration, with its dreamy beauty and rest ful peace. But within tho guard-room of tho Old Mole admiration of natural beauty was not tbwn thought of. Fiung down upen the rough benofics. beltod and great- ooafced, in readiness for instant turnout, lay the men of the guard whose turn off sentry it was, wrapped in the deep sleep of tho soldier, and from which only a soldier can awake with such miraculous alertness. A solitary lamp burned dimly on the rough table, lighting up the rude room and gleaming on the bayoneted rifles of the sleepers. At the table sat tho corporal of the guard, labour! oosly fi.ling in routine items in the guard report. The scraping of his pen waj the only sound beard in tho room otLer than the elow breathing of the sleepers ; ex- oept, indeed when some victim upon whom the swarming bugs and mosquitoes had made an unusually ferocious attack, roused himnnlf to scratch and swoax as only the gallant Highland Light Infantry can swear. In at tho open door stole a soft whisper — scarcely a sound — the faint lapping of water along the mossy stones of the Mole. Suddenly the corporal lifted his head, with a jerk, and half rose. 'Halt! Who enmea there T The challenge rang out loudly in tho per fect quiet, and was followed by a pause of utter silence. From the distance at which it Bounded, the corporal knew that it came from No. 2 post. 'What the dickens is he shouting about V ho muttered. ' There can be no one near him and no boats about at this time. I've half a mind to go and see.' Presently he thought better of it, and lift - ing his pen screwed his tongue in his cheek, and went back to his task. 4 Halt ! Who cornea there F Instantly the corporal was on his feet. Thero could be no mistako about this second challenge. Something was wrong an No. 2. He caught up his rifle from the rack and. rushed out. No. 1 sentry was standing just without tno door, his rifle at tho port, bin eyes fixsd an the far end of tho Mole. In tho moonlight the man's face m ore a look of puz- xted concern. 4 What's up F demanded the corporal, as ooon as he emerged from the guard-room. 4 Blest if I ken,' was the answer. 4 1 ojn see him weel enough, but feint a leavin' else, an' there's no a boat about. He's aff his nut I'm thinkin'.' 4 Who is it, again ?' 4 Young Allan, C Company. He's been owre lang drinkin' in the Glass Barrel last nicht.' 4 It looks like it,' returned the corporal. 4 Stand by to turn out the guard, while I go to see what's wrong.' Tho sentry nodded, and the corporal set off down tho Mole towards the shadowy figure of Allan, standing out against the misty moon water behind Him The second sentry did not move till thb corporal got within fifty paces of him. Then he whirled aharply, and again the challenge echoed out on the still air. 4 Halt ! "Who comes there T 4 Corporal of the guard.' ' Stand, corporal of tho pnard. Advanoe one and give the counter-sign.' The bayonet whirled liko pale flnme throng the moonlight ug he brought hia rifle to the charge. The corpora! advanced til! the point touched his breast. ' Calpe 1' ' Advance, corporal of the guard.' As ho recovered the poeition of port-arms tho corporal stopped and fronted him . 'What'a tho matter ?' ho naked, oveingthe sentry narrowly. ' 1 don't know.' ' "What f' ' Don't know ; the devil. I think.' Allan, a fine-looking yonng fellow of twenty-two, spoke with great though reprasaed eioitament. Hia face was ghastly in fta pal lor, and hia brows were knitted with a curious mingling of rage and fear. The corporal etared at him in affect amazement. 4 What did yon challenge F 4 1 can't tell you.1 rejoinder. Ton are talking like a Innatic or a ...... hi drink.' ' I don't drink, and I am as sane as yon are this minute. .' batffnrelyyxra know what mads you riiallengeP Topdidn!tgpahoating like that tor amusement, I «xpectr N othing like it.' \- waiitr 4 A-ahadow:' , ' - Again the ootporgl «fered and then his raahognoy face Became overspread By a deri- »ve grim Allan was a young soldier, and suoh, he knew, Were apt to give way to ner- Touiman when on night duty— nervousness rising, pot from fear, but an exaggerated tsaute of responsibility. 4 Well, see hero, A linn,' he mid, speaking with. quiet significance, 'I'd advise yon to challenge no more shadows. Just wait till yon eee the man himself. If yon don't you will get yourself into & eorape some of these days. There whs no man in it, or woman either What, then F 4 Blood:' Ths oorporsi started back, a new idea taaaJdng pn his ynted All had gone off his heaoj , and that in no jesting aense. Tjook here, Corporal Steele, 1 said Allan, pedkMM divining- what was uaaainr in 4he toowgbta/of the other ; 4 Til jW tell you how it was, and then you can either laugh or do .anything eta you like about it. My mind is f all right, aud so is my aight, but I'll be ahot if 2 can make this oat at «1L I'd have : thought that ftooie .of Trace toying -OT darks if it hadn't been that I. could aoe Aght up -to the guazd-room, and tbae im't , joovex to hritar rat, much Urn s jtngfu®-. Riksdag thare' — B&diie; pointed to the ex- , .tHWueaodctftha Mole — 4 l siv something k&atkesn.;, along the ftooos -or, rather, the ; JERadtmdidtwaritreBd along just like . outssuad'ijidr. 6. ink 'Aop>jpnd owecsgpo wiMf it roared me . . MpksfboaMsQ Ilneir -m & <> tho sky, least of all near the moan. Then I looked down again, and ' He stop pad, shuddering. The oorporal WftS leaning on his rifle and watching him in tently. Somehow, though, the smile on hia faoo had gone. Perhaps the fearful earn est - nose of the narrator impressed Him a little in spite of himself. 1 Well,' he said, what then f Well it had stopped then, and lay right fchnre where yon are standing now. But it Wasn't xu splashes then as it Was before— rather a pool that grow and tan among -the stones. What was worse, it was no longer black, but red — red like blood, If I was soared before, I was a thousand ;timea worse now, and yet I ooaldn't get rid of tho notion that thorn was a trick in it somewhere. The idea made me mad and I challenged again. Thro, while I stood looking at it, it seomod to fade away and vanish before my eyee. The next thing was you ooming up. That's the simple truth of the matter ; and now "what do Tou think of itf" < The oorporal was puxzled. His own com mon sense refused to allow him to admit anything approaching the Bupernaiural, and yet how was ho to explain itP To have talked to Allan of optical illusions would, he saw, be utterly useless in hia then state of excitement. No argument capable of being advanced by man oould hsve shaken Allan's belief in the ovidenoe of hi own eyes. He did what was perhap the host thing he oould hire done in the circumstances, and that was to make no oomment atalL Shoul dering his . rifle, h . looked his companion Btrairot ih the eyes and said — 4 1 11 tell you again what I think of it. This is no tune for bio therm' about imoh stuff, and thorn's other work to bo done. I'll see you when you oome off, and mean while, keep you a sharp lookout, lotting shadows alone union you o»-n see what aausee them. I don't want to have to report yox to the doctor when guard is relieved.' He turned away as he spoke, leaving Allan standing looking at him with s strangely ab stracted expression. 1 What wafl't f 1 asked No. 1 sentry, as the oorporal came up. .Nothing, was the evasive reply ; he thought he saw something.' 4 Like enough,' responded tho other. 4 It's the nerves. 1 mind when I was a recruit I challenged my ain seutrv-box ae dark night, an' book my bayonet in't for no answenn' . I hope ye put tho yowlin oot o' that gomeraL'' 4 1 think I have,' replied the corporal as he re-entered the guard-room and returned to his guard report. He was careful, howevor, to znako no reference to the incident just re corded, in the salutary state of fear aroused in most men by the rhoughtef ohaff. To re cord that No. 2 had seen a gboet, or what, at least, was next door to one, was the very best way in which to make both the sentry and hrmsolf the laughing-atook of the whole garrison. Tho corporal had no mind to un ci ergo ouch process of notoriety as that, and so discreetly left out the very ' unusual oc curence,' in spite of tho orders to die con trary. Nevertheless the thing left an unpleasant impression on his mind, and one that he could not wholly shake off, although he tried Lis hardest. Allan's words, the very way in which he told hia outrageous story, rendered it impoBaiblo to doubt his sincerity of belief in what ho saw, or fancied he saw. Corporal Steele was an old soldier, and, while very intelligent, was a remarkably uuinniRgina- tive man. The Red Booh, Field and Rifle ex ercises, he had off by heart and was ready to swoax by, but of poets he knew little and ro mancers leas. Yet, as he ant there in the ai- leut guard-room, listening to tho eerie lap, lap of water and the doep breathing of his sleeping comrades, he felt a sanse of slow un easiness creep over him, too dim to resolve into shape and yet strong enough to be almost unbearable. So pronounced did it beoome at last that he flung down his pen, and approaching, the door of the guard-room, stepped out an the Mole. Hidden in the shadow of the wall, he looked keenly along the white track of the Molo curving inward liko a wall through the dark water. All was right, so far as he oould see. No. 1 sentry was standing at case at some little dis tance, liis mouth agape, his eye a fixed on vacancy. No. 2 he could just distinguish inarching briskly up and down his post, the quick glitter of his bayonet marking the point at which he turned. Reassured, the corporal was in the act of turning indoors again when a heavy bell some where in the town struck two, electrify ing No. 1 from ln.yin»» into activity. From iar away the call ' All's well' came ringing round the rock, and as it reached him he took it up with a jackal-like yell that made the airquiver. No. 2 answered it with one of equal volume, and than approaching the door No. 1 thrust Hi head in, shouting — 4 Sentry go !' 4 Don't say anything about Allan's soare,' said tho corporal in & rapid undertone. 4 1 don't want him chaffed about it.' ' A' rioht,' was the answer ; and then the relieving sentries made their appearance, yawning and rubbing tbeir eyes. No. 1 was speedily relieved, and before the new sentry had taken two turns of hie post tho old one was down at full length on the wooasn Oencn, ana nearly last aaleep. insom nia in any shape does not prevail in the army to any marked extent. All was right oh No. 2, and the transfer was quiokly effected. But a the relief was marching off, Allan approached the new sentry. 4 For God's sake, keep your eyes about jou and wide open,' he said, in a low earnest tone. The other, a remarkably handsome man of about thirty, but whose character was none of £he best, halted and stared at the speaker in astonishment. 4 What the — what's the matter with youF he asked. 4 Hid you bring a bottle on guard with you, or whatf 1 Never mind that, Wilson ; you do as I £eH 1 you.' ' 4 Is anything wrong P Not yet, bat there may be.' ' All right, X 11 keep a good lookout, re plied the other, in a care) ass -tone, as he turned away. 4 What ware you saying to himf «aked the corporal, as thuy went back to wards the guard- ' Only tolling him to keep a idi&rp; eye about him. You may say what you like, corporal, but I ,fecl sure that something is going to happen on that poet before we go off. It has been growing on me einoe ever X saw that in fernal thing an hour ago, and I can't shake it 1 off.' The other made no reply then ; but whan the relief had been dismissed, he beckoned Allnri to follow Him from the room. Outside was a bench running along the wall. On this they Boated themselves, and then the corporal spoke. 4 Now, Allan, just go over that yarn again, he said, 4 and tell ttw everything, down to the ray pofition of the stones you were standing Thus adjured, Allan repeated at nraoh story he had before told. The corporal hoard him in sffenoo, «-nfl when be had finished, sat for some moments in thoughtful reverie. 4 You don't HHnV, I think you said f' 4 I don't ; never did.' 4 Haveyou been any ghost yams lately f There's some such tram in the library I know.' 4 No, I haven't, and X don t believe in ghosts, or at least did not till— till now 1' 'Do you nowF 4 X don't eeem to have touch choice left. How on earth am I to get or that shadow P1 4 Your eyes may havedeoedved you.' 4 Bet your beet button they did not.' And there was mat you oould see liheiy to account far itf 4 nothing. Both wevenlixff for sows jginntea, and thro the corporal broke mtri tons uf irrita tion — - 'Hanged iTX Aw't ttdak tint eiaeaii pair 6f auld hen-wivos, bothering about such et iff as this I' 4hybe? returned Allan drily. 'But I doi'tfesl like a ben wife, and I'd just like to at von a question. ' WhatiaitP 4 You're an old eoldier, and have seem a good deal in your time. Now, did you never ocms across things that neither you nor any torq living oould explain, try as you mightt The oorporal did not answer, but there roae in his memoTy more than one queer re- collection — such rooollecrion as every obser vant man must hare who has lonjr lived such a life as falls to the lot of the British soldier or sailor. 4 IVeH,' ho said slowly, 1 it seems to me tha . the world is foil of queer things, oomrade, or rather "tilings that seem queer to us ; but I don'tbdieveinghorifor all that. Thia storj of yours is not worse than some I have heard either. Bat we needn't bother about it. Let's 'What for?1 4 Booatu I don't fed easy about that post, r m going to sit here a while where I can see i it.' 4 Stuff ! Why, supposo that anything went wrong down yonder, it would be all over before you oould get here. Besides, there'B No. 1 to look out for that.' No. 1 might not see what was happening nearly so soon as I would, and as for getting there I Wouldn't tay ; I oould roach anybody yonder in about a second with this.' He tapuoQ.. something resting against the wall bede him ashe apoke. Looking down the ooxporal mw that it was his rifle. The thing frightaied him thoroughly BOmo- how, and he looked at anxiously. The faoe of the latter was pale, aud there was a strange light in hia eyes. Tot there was not the slightest traoe of irrationality about him. 4 Why, what do you expect to see, in the name of all the saints F 4 1 don't know,' returned the other, speak ing in tones that told of increasing excitement, 'but I do know that something I will see. Do you know what that thing looked like ? It has jnst oome to me now.' i 4 No. ' Like a man running with a mortal wounc \- running till he fell.' The corporal folt a oold chill cross him. Allan lifted his rifle, sprung the lover, put a cartridge into the chamber, shut the breech, and then with the rifle aoro?s his knees, sat looking fixedly in the direction of the sentry No. 1. 4 If it wasn't for being laughed at I'd double sentries,' said the corporal, half to himself. But he no longer thought of going. He had o&ught; something of his companion's excite ment, and felt so nervously alert as to rend or sleep impossible. It was in vain that' ho argued and reasoned with himself, told him self that the whole thing was absurd, and that he vm a fool to share the silly fears of a soared recruit. It would not do ; rightly or wrongly ho had beoome almost as bad as Allan, and felt that he must see it out. Slowly the time dr&ggod; on. Higher and higher tie moon rose in tiie sky that was now dotted with drifting clouds. And with every minute that passed, the beauty and peaoeful- ne«8 of the soft southern night deeponod. No. 1 sentry passed and repassed, giving an occasional careless look at the two motionless figures seated in the shadow of the guard house. A soft wind arose and stole in from tho sea. The water lapped and gurgled among the stone?, till, listening to it, the corporal's excited imagination quickenedjinto nigh«nare. And still, motionloss as a stooo, his gra?p on his rifle, his eyes tixed on the indistinct figure of No. 2, Allan sat waiting. A cloud passed over the moon, flinging a great shadow on the Mole. No. 2 reached its far end and halted as the hoareo bell pealed out on the silanoe. Ono — two — three ! Hark 1 Faintly hoard at first, but rapidly coming nearer, the call of the sentries runs round the chain. No. 1 takes it up. 4 Old Mole No. 1 — A-a-all's well !' Ar. instant's pause, and then — Old Mole No. 2 — A-a-all's well !' ' My God !' It came out with a shout, as he sprang to his feet and flung the rifle up to his ah o older while the oorporal yelled frantically — 4 Guard, turn out !' What, under heaven, had they seen— or heard ? A gaunt, dripping figure that seemod to rise out of the sea right behind the unoon- aoious sentry, tho quiok fl«h of a knife, an awful cry, that was drowned in the whip-like orack of a rifle ; and then the alarmed guard cazne rushing out and tare down the Mole after and the corporal. And this is what they saw. Prune on his faoa, stabbed through and through, and stone dead, lay Wilson, the sentry. Aud even in the horror of the moment, the oorporal saw he had run or staggered from where he was stabbod to the spot on which he lay in a pool cf blood, leaving as he ran the trail of the shadow. 4 Look,' he said, hoarsely to Allan, 4 look !' The other tamed away with a shudder and approached the little group gathered round a ' second body — that of the assassin. Hp too was dead, and as they turned him over ana tne xnoonngnt leu on ms aarx xaoe, hat yet bore the look of exultant revenge i t had worn whun the ballet struck him down, one of the men uttered an exclamation. What ie it P Do you know him f asked the corporal. Yes ; it's Jose, the gipsy. I knew it would end this way.' 4 HowP . 4 Wilson took away his sweetheart, or the girl he wanted for his sweetheart, and he swore revenge. Well, he's got it in full, poor wretch 1 