Tha Great Plague in London It wan calculated that forty thousand work people and servants wero loft destitute by tho Slight of thoir employors from tho plaguo, and subscriptions wero mado to prevent them from starviiig, for they wero not aUowed to leave ''?J' Tho King gave one thousand pounds r5ES; tlio City . six -}*, ftueon Dowager, tho Archbishop of Canter burv, and many nouiomuu uu iv . rally/ But tho aspect of tho place was ter rible. Tho dead carts wero going to audfra /?nntinnallv to collect tho bodioi put out into tlio streets, announced by tho tinkling or a bell, and at ' -light by the glare of links. Tho corpses woro cast into pits, and covered up as fast as possiblo. The most populous and lately busystreots wei o grass-grown ? tho people who walkod through tliem kept along tlio middle, except thoy woro meoting otliora, and then thoy got as far from oaoh other as possiblo. Amid aU this horror, tho sight of ghastly death, and tho ravings of delirium whilst some bravo souls dovotcd themselves to tho assistane'o of tho aufforing and dying crowd' of othors rushed to taverns, thoatros and Places of debauch, and a strango maniaool mirth startled tho iiilcnuo of tho nigut, ana added horror to the work of death, ilio wcokly numbers who perished rose from ono thousand to oight. thousand, riio wxldost | rumours of apparitions and strange omens wore afloat. The ghosts of tho dead were said to be seen walking round the pits whero their bodies lay, a flaming sword was said to Rtrotch across tho heavens from Westminister ..i ? Trvmnr find men. raised by tno awf ulexcitomont of tho scene into an abnormal state, wont about, as was done _ at tho de struction of Jerusalem, announcing the judg ments of God. Ono man cried aa ho passed, 'Yot forty days, an-1 London shall be des troyed !' Another sfcilked nakedly along, I bearing on his head a chafing-dish of burn in' coal, and declaring that tho Almighty would purgo ttiora wiui ».«. — - -???- suddenly from sido streets and alloys in tlio I darkness of tho night, or in open day, utter ing in a deep and fearful tone, t ie unvary ing exclamation, 'Oh, tho great and dread IfulGod!' The confounded people doolareu that it was a judgment of God on tho nutiou I for its eini, and especially tha sins of th e King and Court, and tho dread Jul persecution o£ tho religious by tho Governinout and olorgy.*— Fi'on i Cnsscll1^ Illustrated Jlxstoyy of England. 