Story Column. THE DEATH- SHIP, A STRANGE STORY. AN ACCOUNT OF A CRUISE IN THE FLYING DUTCHMAN, COLLECTED FROM THE PAPERS OF THE LATE MR. GEOFFREY FENTON, OF POPLAR, MASTER MARINER. BY W. CLARK RUSSELL, Author of 'The Wreck of the Grosvenor,' 'The Golden Hope,' &c;, &c.; [All Queensland Rights Reserved.] SYNOPSIS OF PREVIOUS CHAPTERS. Chapters I. to V.— The narrator of tho story is Gepflty Fonton, from whose papers it is col lected. He tells how he sails as second mute in, the Sarnctn, uiuler Giutiiin Skovinpton. 1\u-y. 'speak' tho lively 'Nancy, u.;iir tho Eiiutwir,' and the eaptiuii. Siiinuel Bivlloelc, of Rotherhitlie, tells Captnin Hkuvlnirtnn of having soeu tl.o Phu:itom Ship, which seonu-d to be under tho commKnil of a tall man with a f?rcat, bcnnl. 'inil with a faco na of a man who had died and when i1u« up remuuud ln's dcutli bud UHpuct. Ho w. iroa lln flfPllInRt*. tint tilifit -iu n unnnfl'it +.n 1\O aiiltlilll'rl . Chapters V. to X.— As tho Saracmi ap proaches Table Eav, Cuptain Sk'jvinRton sponks to Fenton hi a depressed, superstitious wuy of the Phantom Ship, nnd fours thot thoy will meet her. After encountering some rough weather, diu-uiK wliich tho carpenter breaks his lc™, Fenton has a conversation withhim as to the phenomenon, and ns to speakingto the lovely Nancy which had seen tho flying Dutchman. Tho carpenter is greatly unnerved by tho narration, anil says ' I never yet knew or heard of a ship reporting to another of haying met the Dutchman without the othermrating tho ghost too afore she's eniled her voyage.' Next day the crow aro horrified by th« fact that Captain Skevington is found in his cabin with his brains blown out, having evidently in a moment of delirium shot himself. Mr. Hull, tbo mate, horancrues the men, who express a desire that the ship shall be directed to Tablo Bay, where Bhe can be purilied from the eiiects of tho contagion with the vessel that had seen the ill fated Vanderdeeken, by the prayers of a clergy man. Hall promises to attend to it, but tho noxt sensation is the sighting of a ourious craft, silent and mysterious, and, as they approach nearer, ono pious seaman remarks with a kind of scream in his notes, 'As I hope to be forgiven for Jesus' sake, yon's the ship that was cursed last century.' CHAPTER XI.--A CRUEL DISASTER BEFALLS ME. The mere putting into words the suspicion that had been troubling all our minds made one man in action of the whole crew, like the firing of 40 pieces of ordnance in the same instant. Whatever the sailors held they flung down, and, in a bound, came to the waist on the starboard side, where they stood, looking at the ship and making, amid that silence, the strangest noise that ever was heard with their deep and fearful breathing. "Great thunder!" broke in one of them presently. "D'ye know what this shining is, mates? Why, it's the glow of timbers that's been rotted by near 200 years of weather." "Softly, Tom!" said another; "'tis hell that owns her crew; they have the malice of devils, and they need but touch us to founder us." "Wait, and you shall see her melt," ex- claimed one of the two foreigners who were among our company of seamen. "If she is as I believe, she will be manned by the ghosts of wicked men who have perished at sea. Pre- sently a bell shall strike, and she must disap- pear." As this was said there was a commotion for- ward, and the carpenter, borne by two stout hands, was carried into the midst of the crew, and propped up so that he might see the ship. I was as eager as any of the most illiterate sailors on board to hear what he had to say, and took a step forward the better to catch his words. A whole minute went by whilst he gazed; so strained and anticipative were my senses that the moments seemed as hours. He then said, "Mates, yonder' s the Death Ship right enough. Look hard, and you'll mark the steeve of her bowsprit with the round top at the end of it, and the spring of her aft in a fashion more ancient than is the ages of any two of the oldest men aboard. Note the after rake of her mizzenmast, and how the heel of the foremast looks to step in the forepeak. That's the ship— born in 1660— Vanderdecken, master— what I've often heard tell of— raise my head, mates!" And here, through pain or weakness or horror, he fainted, but being laid upon the deck, and some water thrown over his face, he came to in a short while, and lay trembling, refusing to speak or answer questions. A slight thinning of the vapour that hid the moon had enabled us to remark those points in the ship the carpenter had named; and whilst he was being recovered from his swoon the moon looked down from a gulf in the midst, but her light was still very tarnished and dim, though blurred and distorted as was her appear- ance, yet there instantly formed round her the same halo or wan circle that was visible before she was hidden. But her apparition made a light that exquisitely answered to those two lines of Shakespeare : — Therefore the moon, the governess of floods, Pale in her anger washes all the air. For such radiance as fell really seemed like a cleansing of the atmosphere after the black smother that had encompassed us; and now we could all see the ship distinctly, as she lay on our quarter with her broadside somewhat to us, her yards trimmed like our own, and her sails hanging dead. It was the solemnest sight that ever mortal eye beheld. The light left her black, so there was no telling what hue she showed or was painted. Her bows lay low in the water after the old fashion, with headboards curling to her beak, that doubtless bore an ornament though we could not distinguish it. There she rose like a hill, broken with the bulwarks that defined her waist, quarter-deck, and short poop. This was an much as we could discern of her hull. Her foremast stood close to where the heel of her bowsprit came; her mizzenmast raked over her stern, and upon it was a yard answering to the rig of a felucca; the clew of a sail came down clear of a huge lantern whose iron frame, for all the glass in it was broken and gone, showed like the skele- ton of some monster on her taffrail. It was a sight to terrify the stoutest heart to see the creeping of the thin, worm or wire-like gleam- ings upon the side she showed to us. I con- sidered at first she was glossy, and that those lights were the reflection of the phosphoric fires on the water under her, but it was soon made plain that this was not so, as though to be sure a greenish glare of the true sea-flame would show against or near her when she slightly leaned, as we did, to the swell, this charnel-house or touchwood glimmer played all along her without regard to the phosphor- escence under her. "What think you of her, Fenton?" said Mr. Hall, speaking softly, but with much of his excitement and uneasiness gone. "Does she resemble the craft that the master of the snow told Captain Skevington he sighted here- abouts?" "Why, yes, I think so," said I; "but it does not follow that she is the Phantom Ship. The Plymouth hooker's yarn owed a good deal to terror, and it would not lose in its passage through the brain of a lunatic, as I fear poor Skevington was." "She has a very solid look— she is a real ship, but the like of her I have never seen save in old prints. Mark- those faint, fiery stripes and spirals upon her. I do not understand it. The wood that yields such light must be as rotten as timber and porous as a sponge. It could not swim." By this time the mysterious ship had floated out her whole length, unless it were our vessel that had slewed and had given us that view of her. No light save the lambent gleams on her sides was to be seen. We could hear no voices. We could discern no movement of figures, or distinguish any outline resembling a human shape upon her. On a sudden my eye was caught by an illumination overhead that made a lustre strong enough to enable me to see the face of Mr. Hall. I looked up, conceiving that one of our crew had jumped aloft with a lantern, and saw at our main yardarm a corpus sant or St. Elmo's light, that shone freely like a luminous bulb, poised a few inches above the spar. Scarce had this been kindled, and whilst it was paling the faces of our seamen who stared at it, there suddenly shone two bright meteors of a similar kind upon the strange ship— one on top of the topgallant masthead that was the full height of the main spars, and one on the summit of a mast that stood up from the round top at the end of the bowsprit, and that in olden times, before it was discontinued, would have been called the sprit-topmast. They had something of the glory of stars; their reflection twisted like silver serpents in the dark waters; and as though they had been flambeaux or lamps, they flung the spectral glow upon the strangely cut sails of the vessel, upon her rigging and spars, sickling all things to their starry colour, dimly illuminating even the distant castle-like poop, showing clearly the dark line of bulwarks, whilst a deeper dye of blackness entered into the hull from the shadow between the corpus sants on high and their mirroring beneath. "Thanks be to God for the sight of those lights!" exclaimed a deep voice, sounding out among the men. "It's saint's hand as kindles them, I've heerd; and there'll be a breeze with luck behind it presently." "See, Mr. Hall!" cried I, pointing, "Do you observe the figures of men? Look along the line of the forecastle— one, two, three— I count six there; and look light aft on that bit of a poop. Do you mark a couple of shapes viewing us as if with folded arms?" "Yes!" He paused, staring, then added, "Those lights are familiar enough to me, I've seen them scores of times," speaking in whispers, which trembled back to their former notes of consternation, "but there's something frightful about them now— and yondor one," pointing to our yardarm, "and the sight they show. She's no natural ship," he said, pull- ing off his cap, and passing his hand over his forehead. "Would to God a breeze would come and part us." "Hail him again, sir?" "Hail him you, my throat is dry." I walked right aft to bring me more abreast of the silent, motionless figures on the stranger's poop, and jumping on to the rail, caught hold of the vang of the spunkergaff to steady my- self, and putting a hand to my mouth, roared out, "Ship ahoy! What ship is that?" and stopped breathless, so that I seemed to hear the echoes of my own voice among the sails of the stranger. "What ship is that?" now came back in a deep organ-like note, and the two figures separated, one walking forward, and the other stepping, as I had, on to the bulwark over the quarter gallery. "The Saracen, of London, bound to Indian ports," I responded. "I will send a boat!" cried the man, in the same deep-throated voice. "If you do, we'll fire into it!" screamed a seaman on our deck. "Mates — Mr. Hall, you see now what he is! Keep them off! keep them off!" at which there was a sudden hurry- ing of feet, with many clicking sounds of triggers sharply cocked, by which I knew our men had armed themselves. The corpus sant at our yardarm vanished; in a few seconds it showed itself afresh midway up the mainmast, making a wild light all around it; those on the stranger burned steadily, and I believed a third had been kindled on her, till I saw it was a lantern carried along the deck. There was a stillness lasting some minutes. What they were about we could not see; anon came a creaking, as of ropes travelling in blocks, then a light splash; the lantern dropped jerkily down the ship's side, plainly grasped by a man; flashes of phosphorus broke out of the water to the dip of oars, like fire clipped from a flint. I felt a faint wind blowing, but did not heed it, being half- frenzied with the excitement and fear raised in me, but what I could now see — thanks to the light of the St. Elmo fires and the mystic crawlings of flames on the vessel's sides — was a boat, square at both ends, with the gunwale running out into horns, rowed by two figures, whilst a third stood upright in the bows, hold- ing high a lighted lantern in one hand, and extending his other arm in a posture of suppli- cation. At this a yellow glare broke in a noontide dazzle from our own ship's rail, and the thunder of 20 muskets fired at once came upon my hearing. I started with the violence of the shock breaking in upon me, heedlessly let go the chain I had been grasping with my left hand, and fell headlong overboard. [TO BE CONTINUED ON MONDAY.] 