BALLARAT CHRONICLES AND PICTURES. SOME INDUSTRIAL ORIGINS. BY W. B. WITHERS. Author of the “ History of Ballarat," “ Reminiscences, ” “Eustace Hopkins “The Westons,” &c.;, &c.; The Union Foundry, in Drummond street, was started on the 1st March, 1865, by Messrs John Walker, Jas. F. Wood, Thos, Braddock, and Win. Sundry. Mr Sundry sold out on the 4th November, 1567, and Mr Win. F. Harriugtou bought in on the 16th August, 1572. Before this the firm had opened a. branch foundry at Mary borough, in Queensland, for it is hard to circumscribe the energy and pluck of Bal larat adventure, of whose quality these Union fouudrymen were apt interpreters. Fiuding the Queensland branch required their individual .attention, the company sold half the Ballarat business to Mr John Hick mau on the 22ud October, 1572, and the firm then became Walker, Hickman mid Cos. On the Ist November, 1879, Mr Hickman bought the other half of the foundry, and since then he has been the sole propiictor. Besides materials for the foregoing summary, Mr Spillman, the firm’s bookkeeper, gives the following interesting details: —lhe prin cipal work done has been heavy mining machinery, u>tably the Duke Company, Maryborough (Victoria), pumps and piimp ing gear, Hat rods, and hob mouutiugs; the Ararat Grand Juuctiou Company pump iug and winding plant; the cast iron cylin ders and gear for the hydro- pneumatic shafts sunk so successfully at the New North Hoinebush; the Berry Consols and the Madame Berry No. 2 mines; the two 70 inch cylinder beam engines (the largest ever made south of the line), at piesent working at the Hepburn Eitate and Berry No. 1 Com panies; pumps and workings at the Golden Stream Company, besides numerous others. The firm has also had several contracts from the Victoi ian Government, such as sheep trucks, goods waggons, locomotive cylinders, traversing screw'jacks, &e.;, and have sup plied engiuesand boilers to the Ballarat Wool len Company and to other companies at Gee long. Piantslmve beenseutto the adjoiuinoco lonies and India, as New South Wales, several crushing nud puddling plants; New Zealand, Tookey Company and others; Tasmania, Excelsior Company, Shamrock Company, Esk Company, &c.; Queensland, Calliope Company; South Australia, Lady Alice Com pany; India, Chriudrnc Company, Singapore. Some marine work has also been done for Messrs M’Meckan, Blackwood and Cos., viz., two steam wiuches made, and the machiuery taken out of the steamers Claude Hamilton, and Gollenburg, sent to Ballarat for repairs and alterations, and then re-fitted in the steamers at Melbourne. Mesas Kidly-and Preston, of the Creswick road, have as part of their workshops an old Methodist chinch, removed from the south ward of Ballarat—so practical and unem barrassed by sentiment is the genius of in dustrial progress. The Creswick road firm shall tell their own story, it is told so naively and so succinctly. Here it is, in reply to my note to them in ISS7:—“Iu response to yours, we beg to state that we started our factory 22 years ago, the two partners being the only labor required. Now we have from 40 to 50 hands employed, and our wages sheet has topped £4OO per month. We could extend the business con siderably, but we prefer doing a safe rather than a large one. We confine our work principally to agricultural implements and wheelwright work in all branches. Wo have sent large orders over the border to New South Wales, also by sea to Sydney, South Australia, New Zealand, and Fiji. We have competed very successfully at the agiicultural shows in Victoria. We gained the highest honors at the Victorian Exhibi tion of ISSO and ISSI, namely’, gold medal. We also exhibited at thcColauial and Indian Exhibition lately- held iu London, awards not yet known; and we confidently look for ward to a continuation of our success in trade. Why should we not, when we have the grandest climate, the very best soil, the most energetic people in the world in and around our Ballarat, * The city of flowers.’” Bravo ! ye plucky champions of Ballarat. If old Tubal’s ghost ever walks the earth to bless it, surely he may drop a benediction upon your lusty arms and your glowing forges. Munro’s agricultural implement factory at Alfredton, Ballarat West, is the largest of its kind in Ballarat. The foundry was started in 1870 by the hite proprietor, George Munro, and for the first few years the work mostly (lone was repairs to mining machinery, including iron and brass casting. • From IS7O the business developed iu the direction of the manufacture of agricultural implements and machinery, some eighty hands being employed in making grain stripping machines, winnowing machines, reapers and binders, one, two, and three furrow ploughs; horse-works, chaff-cutters, scarifiers, &c.; The trustees for the widow and family of the late proprietor say that the products of the factory “-have hitherto found a ready sale in all parts of Victoria and New South Whiles, and owing to the great care taken, by using oiily best material and the employment of skilled mechanics, our machines are eagerly sought for by farmers and others, whose opinion is that Geo. Muuro’s agricultural machines and imple ments are the best and most faithfully con structed machines in the colony.” Now that both Anthony Trollope anil Geo. Munro have “ passed over,” the author has no hesi tation in letting the foregoing industrial and commercial manifesto appear iu these “Chronicles,” as neither of the departed, it is hoped, will be pained by the performance. We have seen before how these ferruginous men magnify their office. The firm has a branch at Charlton, on tiie edge of the Wim mera districts, where farmers largely con gregate, and an illustrated pamphlet and catalogue of ISS6 assures us that the firm is the “ taker of more than double the number of first priz.-s for reapers and horseworks last six years iu the Ballarat, Wimmern, Hor sham, Talbot, Cluues, and. Ararat dis tricts than all other makers combined.” Comm miruculU aliquando tuccrcmus. But not now. These are men not afraid to speak or work. They and their fellow-workers have made Ballarat industrially famous all over these colonies. They are the makers of the city, and for energy, initiative and invincible resolve are the lineal descendants of the gold hunting pioneers. We must make more of these artificers in metals aud iu wood than of mere owners of bank balances, of big for tunes made sometimes, perchance, by mere educated fraud and professioual chicanery, or by lucky aud not too scrupulous specu lations on the turf or the exchange. Mr John Abraham’s “Everlasting wind mills” works, established several years ago, in Little Bridge street, are the only works of the kind iu Ballarat. The mills are all of iron, save certain connections in brass or gun metal, are patented, aud they won the first prize at the Melbourne Inter national Exhibition. The patcutee an nounces that they are suitable “ for work ing reciprocating, rotary, or centrifugal pumps, cutting chaff, crushing, griuding, sawing, or anything requiring power,” and the Exhibition jury gave a first award, Fatcut lift aud force pumps are also made at Abraham’s factory, and they are wonderful things, if the patentee be credible—and all patentees hope to be—for he avers that “ they do not lose the water, even if the valves leak, and the mill stops for a month; they will work as well (if not better) 25 feet above the water as down close to it.” That parenthetical “ if not better ” is like a touch of genius. But Abraham is more than a genius. He is a success, it seems, and sends hisfmills and pumps everywhere, travelling himself to see to things, wherefore he gets most of his castings done by other shops, and only keeps a few hands to do the “ universal synthesis ” in the form of a col lective union of all the parts, and perfecting the erection of the cosmic and “ everlasting windmill ” out of a chaos of distributary parts. (To be continued.) ‘ Johnny,’ he whispered to her little brother, I did your sister get a note from me last night? It was written on pink paper.’ ‘ I think she must have got it,’said Johnny, ‘’cause when she came down to breakfast this morning her hair was done up in pink curl papers.’ 