With which is presented (AS A SUPPLEMENT) f BBUi'S LIFE 1H OOTSUND, " Fear God; Speak evil of none; Stick to the Truth; and never be done." BRISBANE: SATURDAY, MARCH 2,1889. The Beggar's Defence* Bishop "Webber has been denounced right and left by. the Queensland Press for his open?mouthed system of begging in England, for -^ontribufcio?is towards the development and maintenance of the Church of England in Queensland. His st^le of appeal was yulgarly termed " cadging " and-news paper writers—most of them probably' beingmen who seldom put anything in> a churck platei ftnd never more than a threepenny piec0 ^ ja time7r-were indignant that a wealthy colonylike Queensland should be made to stand in the English ^Church markets as a solicitor of alms. These fiery apostles of ink-slinging were eloquent on the f&ct; that tfce average Queenslander was wealthier far thin tlsfl average Britisher, and that it was; a burning* and degrading shame, th^t a bishop should ask cha?ity from England, in whose slums were to befound millions of abject, wretched creatures/ starring for. ^the. want of the commonest necessaries of life, and herding together like neglected stray dogs in the guttercorners of English cities. AH this made very fine to iting, and sounded " way up beyond " as regard* elevatlonof tone. Its echoes reached; Bishop Webber in Eng land, but^ probably, worried him, thej .did not affect - his course of action. The vaporings out here were dramatic enough to start a bogus stage subscription for an imaginary cathedral. Bishop Webber has come back and he is not a bit ashamed of his begging. On the contrary, he glories in it and defends and applauds it. The funny• aspect of the situation now: concentrates itself upon his recent critics. Now that the lion is back in his lair—or the shepherd in his; f/ld, b $ more com plaieantly harmonious with the clerical id**a - these erst\yhil« loud-voic^d critics ar« dumb as mummies. They'haven't got the ghost, of a retort in r**ply to Bishop^ Webber's defence* and glorification- And Webber doesn't mince. matters. He owns up to cargipg pure and simple, and is. proud of it and its resets. His iinethod of preventing his case completely upsets the critics. He says " If a man conns here and invests in milling shares, ^ corner allotments, an1 inakes his fortune and goes'home to spend it, I fail to see why he should find saiivituary at home from the ^bacts of 4 mendicant Bishop^ He has moral ri«pbn|ibilitifi8 to the country in which he mad^ his money, and the fact that he crosses the sea does not in any wise minimise that responsibility. The largest subscriptions I have got at home have been from men whohave mad| their money in the Cplonies, and I have had no hesitation in asking them for help." Then Bishop Webber goes on to argue that England is constantly sending out to him congregations of immigrants, but no pastors for them, and he maintains that; England should help to establish the churches in Australia, fie hits his critics below: the belt ty asking—"Do you think thai, out of compliment to a few people who are not mo iey themselves, anyone should retrain from ^klog foV money-at home ?*' 1 jt)r. WeBber sweeps his critics before him, and has apparently s'ruckthem all d>imb by the vigor of his reply. They will think next time before they Venture to write against him 