TWO BROTHERS. BY HELEN MArHEBS, [ALL EIGHTS BXSEBVXD.] It may hare lasted hours or minutes, bnt be was wakened by a push, decided bat cot rough, and be woke with a start, to see a big man standing over him, and to bear on all sides the cheerful clamour and ringing eonnde of axe and saw at work among the wcod. 'What do yon do here? said the man gruffly ; ?* do you know you're trespassing ?' He was a bard man, and he bated children, because he had passionately desired one all bis life, bnt God bad denied him. 'I want wotk,' iiid Daddy, looking straight op into the mas'e face. ' Ho I bo !' laughed the man grimly ; ' and pray what can yon do ?' Daddy glanced quickly around. Men were sawing, men were twinging great azea above their heads, bringing them down with a splitting sound on some f«Flnw monarch of the woods, and in one part of the yard boys of from ten to eighteen wen binding together splinters and logs of wood, making them into Urge bundles, that they presently hoisted on tbeir beads ud straggled *wey with through the gate. ' I can carry wood,' said Daddy, boUIy. The man looked at the boy's clothes, at his bands, at hiB pp«-h«»i face, and read its story. 'Be is playing truant,' be thought, 'bnt I can keep him out of mischief here, and he is starring.' Aloud he said ' 1 will give yen threepence a day for carrying twelve bundles of wood ; the boys will show yon where to take them. When yon have carried six come to me ; I will pay yon half your wage, and yon can go to Then that man, soared dullard as he was, got an experience that astonished him, for, with a sob 0! joy. Daddy seized his coarse band, kissed it passionately, then broke away to his work. *' He trust have run away from home, and desires to rough it for a bit,' he thought, as he turned away with an odd mist passing before his eyes. Daddy was awkward at first, and the other boys, resenting bis clotbes, were spiteful, and hindered him in every possible way, hustling him ud scattering the pieces of wood at fast as bia unaccustomed fingers fastened them together. And the thought of Waddle crying alone and deserted in the miserable room almost took his feeble strength from him, so that it was long before he got bis first bundle on his back and followed some of die others to his destination— -a kind of market-place where the poorer people around bought tbair fuel To his joy ha found that the place was close to the alley wbere he lived, and coming back, he slipped from the others, ran to the window, and peered in. Waddie ni fc^«*il?ng np in bed, hia face hidden by bia falling curb and the hands he held up before it, his little day ahirt alipping off his rounded shoulders and limbs while hia body was -ti-y« by aoba. ' Hover ! mover 1 muver !' be was crying over and over again, like a hungry little bird calling ineenaantly in his lonely nest. ' Me wast '00, mover ; Daddy's do™ away aid left poor Wadjde all by hia lone self I' Daddy beard him distinctly and tapped bard at the window pane. 'Waddle I' he cried. ?? Waddie ! oome here !' Waddie beard, and lost not a moment, tumbling over himself in his baste to reach bis lost darling, Daddy. ' Me tort yon bad runneded away too,' he said, scrambling op into the high chair. ' Ob ! Daddy, me is welly cold, and welly hungedy !' 'listen, Waddie,' said Daddy very dearly, ' yon are going to have something to eat soon, and something to drink, and now you mast take your toys into bed with you, and pull the clothes all round you. and — and m be as quick as e'er I can, Waddie.' And then Daddy sped away for hia life, not daring to look hack at the cherub face that seemed to hare grown thin during one Sabbath day and night of fasting. By twelve o'clock baddy bad carried bnt fire faggots, and he went as with his work when all the rest trooped away to dinner. Tbe msster had watched him at intervals, *' Why don't you go to yovr dinner ?' Ae Daddy shook his head. He coold work, but he euuld not beg '* Here,' said tbe man roughly, ' take half yonr wage now, and -jq your seven faggots after job have ea.t£Q,' &ud; he put thres half pence in the boy'B hand, ' Hod blese you !' said Daddy with quiver ing lips ; then witb all tbe weary aching gooe from his back, he flew to a email baker's shop that he had passed a few minutes before. The smell of the warm bread tamed him faint for the moment, but he asked for a pennyworth of bread, then enquired oi tbe woman where he could buy milk. She looked hard at the white boyish face, at the half-penny clutched like golden treasure in bis little hand, and then said. ' 11 ay be 1' ve a drop to spare. How much d'ye want?' He held out the half- penny. She took it and treat away, retnrniog presently witb a tin pannikin holding close od a putt of milk. ' Drink some of it,' she said. Pe shook his head— Waddiie most have! some first. He thanked the woman vety sweetly, quite iguorant of how the had ; befriended him, anfi htwiened away. ' Bring back the pannikin,' she called after him, auu be promiet-d, then ipwi on witb feet that joy had winged. Wnddie e&w; him coming from a distance, ud duueed ap an 1 down in bis shoeless feet ; be tried to push the window open, bat tbe I wedge of wood hindered him. ud be beat with little angry bands upon the panes. But, Oh ! the joy with which Daddy handed tbe food in, ud presently fed bun t Ecstasy were too poor a word to express the swelling joy thatroM higher ud higher in bim as contentment gradually overspread Waddie's face, which grew round again before his very eyes I Then he, too, ate and drank, ud together they kneeled down, and said the Lords Prayer, for neither bad remembered bis prayers that morning. Then Waddle's brief golden time was over, for Daddy most return to bis work, bnt with a HUtasning reference to a Bath ban, that partly consoled Waddie in the time that elapsed before Daddy's return, And tbna, with alight variations, bad passed the seven days that h»d elapsed since the woman, whose very name tile boye did not know, had deserted them. Daddy's master seemed to hare concerned himself 00 more about the boy, but long ago he had quietly tracked him home, ud had also looked in at the window while be was away. Seeing a child eating s«eets ud apparently well cared for in the window, and a woman's clothes lying on the bed, he bad come to the natural conclusion that their mother cams home at night, ud that Daddy had elected to do a little work on bis own account during the day. He was not a carious man, and made it a rule never to inquire about people whose circumstances require relief, but he saw that thoogb tbe pinched look on tbe boy's face iras gone, itgrewpalerand thinner every day. And on that seventh da;, the point at which I began this story, Wadrie's loving eyee seemed to find something amiss in him too, and he stole ont of bad, and pottered np Sohia.ide. 'Dm '00 back ache, DuOJriet' he eaid, rabbin^ it rigorously with his little band. 'Keret mind I to-morrow's Sunday, and rouil stop ex 'ome an' 'ave a 'olidsy I' Sonday — yes — in which he could earn no money ; aad be had only contrived to save one penny daring the past six days of work, which be bad laid ont in the bread now in the cupboard. And he felt Ql and strange, with noises in bis ears, and whispering voict* that were nowhere near him. He must lonse himself, and be lifted Waddie, and carried him back to bed, thinking regretfully of that luxury of sweets in which he bad indulged tbe little fellow. Then be undressed him, they said their prayers together, and, warm and happy-, Waddie fell asleep in bis arms, while, too weary to undress. Daddy drew the counter pane about him and slept also. Close upon midnight, a etep that lagged and faltered, sometimes pausing altogether, came down the alley, and baited at Ust by the outer door of the boy'e miserable home. There was tbe alow sound of a key taming ia the lock, and a woman stumbled over tbe threshold, groping her way through the small passage to a door, outside which ehe Sink down on her knees, shuddering and sbirering in every limb. The ague-fit past she bent her ear to tiie key-bole and listened, bnt not a sound, not a breath or ngb, caaw from within. She had expected this awful silence, this everlasting stillness; it had moved witb her all through tbe noisy, beating heart of the great city. Bnt the reality was something more awful still ; it took ssbstuce and weighed her down like lead, with a physical agony that left her hand powerless to unlock the door, and see what was within. ' I locked them in,' she said in a strained, harsh whisper, 'without food, without firing — two helpless children — and not a eon] within earshot if they shrieked themselves mad . . . and I meant to come back . . . Fd got my wage, but I must go and look at him and Aer . . . I must see their pale faces — see some of the agony on his that le wrote on mine — and I waited a long while, bat they came at laat . . . haggard and weary tbey came back to their hotel, weary with following up falae clues ... for not all the father's ud mother's love in the world, not all the detectives in London had been able to trace them hen. 0 t my God, my God ! Why did I do it !— what bave I She writhed to and fro, with contorted arms twisted in the heavy hair that had fallen over bar, biting the dust outside that portal which she was afraid 60 eater. 'Iwbb mad to steal them,' 6be went on in that unnatural voice, ' mad ! He cut me adrift like a dog when be married, though I ?was g.«d enough, to be held in his srma the diiy before he swore faithfulness to another woman ... if only he'd told me — if be'd stood up like a man and told me the truth earlier I might have forgiven him . but the man who doesn't begin his married life wi a a c eu elate deBerree all he gets . . only it isn't bis children's fault . and he's alive and they are — dead !' The last word ended almost in a shriek ; a panic of unreasoning fear seized her, she drew back from tbe door, Btraining her eyes in the dark ness upon it. ' I can't ho in '.' ehe cried, half crazed with horror. '1 can't see those little wasted, cold bodies. If they'd only sent me to gaol I conld have got help for them ; but the cursed ancK— sue paused and put up her hand to the thick bandage bound round ber head ' It never servwi me such a. trick before, bat it's 21 work measuring cups with the Devil, ?□d when that vau struck me don*n ' She paused again as one who tries to remember. ' But tonigbU-yes, to-night I got my \nte back, and when tbey were ail down stairs I pat on my clothes and stole ont. They were laugiiing so loud tbey never heard me. Tbey were good poople, tbey zxver t .ocbed wh»t «as Irft of my wage. Bat I didn't bay any food for tbe children as I c*me aloug It's too late.' For awhile ehe rocked herself to and fro ; but the outburst bad relieved tbe dialed brain and gradual*/ some of her usual bard courage began to return. ' I must go in.' she said, steadily, ' I tc3L go in, ' and ehe took a key from her pocket, and with a firm bud unlocked tbe door, aad crossing tbe threshold, stood almost without breathing inside it. A young April moon suffused the room with a soft radiance that indistinctly revealed the outlines of the two lads, and showed to her staring eyes a little heap beneath a coverlid that lav no more client and starless than she bad expected. Slowly, etep by step, shs advanced into the room ; in the middle of it she halted, trembling convulsively, asd rank. as one suddenly smitten to tbe ground, then on her hands and knees crawled to tbe bed, and with one supreme effort dragged herself up by it, ud plncked the covering from the children's faces. ?' 0 God I tbey were warm !' She felt that living warmth before she had touched them ; astonished, wide-eyed, an ecstasy of joy lifting her above eaith, sbe stretched a hand and felt Waddle's baby cheek ; then with a wild cry upon her Maker, fell back a sense less fa- ap upon the ground. Waddie, awakened by that cold touch, and having slept a great deal that day, -UB not relapse into slumber, bnt lay quite still, with wide opened eyes fixed on the ceiling. Daddy's arise were no longer round him ; they had slipped away, and he slept heavily, so heavily that be did not feel the soft kiss Waddie presently dropped on bis cold cheek, nor yet tbe toft breatb that hovered lovingly abont bim. In that dim light Waddie could aee his brother quite plainly, and something in bis face touched him, ud caused an unknown trouble in bis baby heart ; tears gathered in hh bine eyes and fell on the pillow. 'Me aw' Maver would come!' he amid alottd ; ' ehe soon kiss Daddy, and make him well!' An if in answer to him, a low moan broke on hia ear— not from Daddy — for he lay still as before, and Waddie sat up in bel. bia heart beating violently, and listened witb all bis might. His mind bad never been tortured by ideas of ghosts, and he felt no fear, only wondered what it was, for he could see nothing. Be heard the sound again as of someone fighting for breath ; then be pushed the clothes back softly for fear of awaking Daddy, and rolled his chubby limbs to the bottom of tbe bed, alighting on the floor with -a big He knew is a moment who it was laying there ud saw tbe white bandage half bidden by the streaming thick hair ; understood, too, in some tender, childish way tbe agony that was in the woman's soul, and which racked her body, and kneeling down beside her, he put his little hud on tht.t miserable bad, ' Poor ooman ! Has '00 hutted 'ooeeU, and 80 foo couldn't torn back t' The womas raised herself, looking wildly at the innocent, uxions little face so near btT own, then with a low cry she snatched him in her arms, covering his ieet, hia limbs, hia hair, with kisses. Waddie made no objection ; be forgot t&oae; weary nights and days of cold and hunger— for a child of three bears no malice and his memory is divinely short — and presently of his own accord be Uesedher. She wrapped the ekirt of btr dress warmly about him, as they held a conversation in which the nnple, monotonous life of tbe boys daring die last seven days was told. 'God bless Daddy r she eaid onos with ' Dawd bless dear Daddy !' echoed the child. 'Us thort oo* very wicked,' eaid Waddie, in conc'-usion, abasing bis brigfat head. ' Us didn't know a nasfy Ud 'one had tanned over '00! Did it hurt '00 welly much?' He fell asleep soon after that, ud all throngb the night, and the clear strengthen ing dawn that showed all tbe loveliness of the little face on her breast, she a&t; there motion less, while one by one tbe devils that had possessed her slowly and grudgingly left ber soul. It was a human being, witb a possible fotnn of redemption, and not a fiend whose every earthly and heavenly hope had been long cast out, who rose at last, and laying the child in her owa bed, drew near and looked at the boy whose courage and patience bad saved her from the crime of murder. He still slept, but witb tbe dull lethargy of exhanBtion rather than the light peaceful slumber of childhood. Dark blue shadows lay under his eyes, bis features hsd that worn and pinched louk that is seen in half-starved gutter children, the hands lying outside tbe cnverlet were scratched and torn, and in Borne places bleeding, and the suffering of years, not days, was stamped on the fair looks that still retained their natural expression of goodness and truth. Tbe woman's breatb canght in a bard dry ssb. She balf-ctretched her bud to his head, then drew it back— she was Dfct worthy. Through ber brain there flitted two half forgotten lines : 'And shines upon the still face on the bed : Tee ! it is morning note 7' 'Oh ! no,' sbe cried aloud in her agony, ' not that— cot that I O God, say that I am not too late.' Tbe cry disturbed Dxddy ; be moved restlessly. ' Mother !' he said. ' Mother!' The woman stooped over him, and lightly, reverently, covered up tho«e dififigored hands ; then she knelt down beside bim, and for the first time since she bad lost ber innocence, wreetled with God in prayer for that one little life, pouring ont her eonl like water in her great desire. Balm and healing aune to ber there. It was a humble and repentant woman who rose at last, and, removing tbe bandages that bid the cruel wound in her head, bound np ber hair, cleansed ber face, and stood at last, a haggard, beautiful wreck, whose will, at least, would furnish strength for the work that she had that morning to do. For ? moment flhe paused fay Waddie's aide, and her line moved ; bat it wu at Daddy ehe gazed longest, when on going out of the door, ?he looked hack. The snn shone down on the pallid boy, and threw its motes on Waddie'a golden curls. Slowly ehe moved away — they were sale now — each step that took her farther away, was bringing Dearer to them — ' Muver.' The Kkd. 