CHAPTER VI. . ** WHAT FATES IMPOSE, ¡THAT MEN ... í . MUST NEEDS ABIDE." THBT awoke to a new lifo the next day,'' several persons in this history. ' The old order of things had changed in a hight.. Dotty field « new position in the' eyes of herself, her relations and friends ; she was'1 "©cigagedl" Airs. MUbánké^ntored upon. * frosh phase of existence; her sister had1 "accepted " Mr.¡ Philip Forsyth . Lady; * Forsyth would ba D illy's mOthor-i^ laiv:1 Mr: íiamuói Swyuf >rd migot'no^uger feel that iu his city operations ho was'1 working' for a future" in which Dolly Norcott would have t!io lo.vdiu¿f part.. Dick Chetwynd béliéved that the career of his friend Philip Forsyth ind now become scours. Hitherto his prospects had need-j ed the ballast of rosuo isible "duties. ! Married to Doily, bis atnbitioi would be ' fostered by au absence of what t m' young fellow had considered tlie ah solute necessity of earning his own living; for' although Lady Forsyth lind a fair income, she spent every peauy of it ami did not keep ont of debt, and the possibility of her .death and his inheritance of the property left by Iiis father did not f ir a moment enter into Philip's calculations. Lady .Forsyth felt something'like a sense of triumph, in the engagement of Philip and Dorothy, for tnauy roas ms j it secured her sou's,independence,;it va Ueyed herfjç»t a kind.of resp msibility ns to i hu ,fjD(inra> sho liked Daily, thoughtMts, * Millbankes pleasant successful people, andft|íe excitement of the wedding and getting ready for it woijld bo an agree able.break "iii her life, which, lively as it Was, in" a general way, the tune of it was all on one string. Philip went to. his Sfudio on that memorable next day, unhitched : his bell, w^te."(Qut'' on, his wicket, locked bis dpqff. *at, ^e "kej; in (jds, ppeket,, and,; entern! .uppu a reaecti ve; solitude, "., ' Tba * Regent's Ví^rk-, studios were ..a, "f^^J^^^^^^rt-fi^j^:- buiíjliugs north of Primrose Hill, designed ,aud^ erected ,fori(art work, and for. personal comfort^ by au enterprising architect wno recognised the' progressive, uiovemaat of the J»ues,j,aud iu the right spirit :pro vidéol a calm retreat for workora. whp< cou]<| .alford to pay a :fab^' reut jfpr, their accommodation. The studios , bad a general portal, in which resided the porter and his wife, who kept a small staff of servants for the purpose of attending to . the domestic and culinary requirements »Ä9 ww?» °tm wrfMwoMfe ?fof|fg$ or Inn, you carno into tofflxfrgfci around which the studios were ranged, each with its individual retiring rooms and offices. Some of tiie mon lived there altogether; oue occupant, af ter some pro- tests and difficulties with tho landlord, had been allowed to bring home iii* wife there ; another house was occupid by a lady artist, aud thus the humanising iiittiieuc« of woman hud entered through tho general portal and givcu a pleasaot tone to the place. From the moment that Hymen had come in there, aesthetic blinds, red raddled dower-pots, outside mats, birds, iu cages, and gay flower-beds had appear- ed ; while the harmless, necessary cat had had a ribbsn tied rouud its neck, and the colony had made itself look just as gay and merry as it undoubtedly was. There had beeu little luncheons and au occasion- al reception prior to tho outrauce of Hymen with his torch ; but they were as nothing compared with the gatherings which had made the place musical aud floral iu these latter davs. wit.ju the {Regent's Park Studios have becouie famous not ouly for tko work they turu out, but for their social gaieties. No- body would ever be able to : work and play-as well in the same place, it was feared, when Hymen was permitted to light- his torch wit hi a the sacred producta; but ".Out" mide any studio safe from iuterruption. "Out," communicated to the porter's; lodge, was as powerful a talisman ot' protection from «allers as if the paiuter who exhibited the legend on his wicket had been leagues ¡away aud so the opportunity for serious , -work was escared; It was a tribute to ? the earnestness and industry of the region during the weeks immediately preceding the Spring Exhibitions, that,' as a rubs the entire olony was " out " from early morn till dewy eve;- and Philip's "out " was therefore not singular on this - bright and breezy April morning. . 1 There was a cheerful fire in !his stove. 'The sun was streaming at his western ; window. Having promptly. drawn a blind down against tho radiant light, : Philip took off his blast morning ceat and waistcoat, and put on his brown, velvet working jacket, removed his boots in favour of a pair of white . tennis shoes, ¡and took up a position of observation with his back to the stow, which -was a baud some terra cotta construction, Gerinan in appearance, withthe advantage of au open grate, making a compromis» between 'England and tho foreigner so ranch as to retain the national prejudice in favour of ian open fire, while it secured the Gorman and Russian prawtibility of a roal heat- ing stove. . ; . Philip-stood with his back turned to tiie fire and surveyed the room ; not that he saw any thing in it, but he surveyed it > all the same, looked round it, up at the . roof, and down at the floor, the couch with its-tiger skin, his low easy chairs Î ¡with their fluffy cushion«, his parquette ? [floor, with its rags, ibis screen full of 'rough sketches, his throae for sitters, his two great easels, his cabinet crowded with : papers of all kinds-drawiugs, old: en ugravings and new sketches-and* his wardrobe full of costumes, tho sketch on ' i 'thc easel covered with a p'ccp of silk, the door opening into' oue of his retiring rooms, with its cirtoous in tho passage Had nos Dolly aud her sister, and oven Walter, seemed 1 tst night to enter into a charming conspiracy to get iiiui to :asV ; Dolly to be his wi fi» F Hal not Wálter>s. ? genial wine, the sweat î»so»ce of admira- tion, the soft, cosy,"healthful charms of : Dolly, been sens inn, as opp ised to thc : spirituelle temptations which should guide tho choice of a lover who looked for a wife superior to the wiles of Society and to the frivolous attractions of dress P; These questions, not exactly ia definite shape, but shadowy passed before him without answers. They seemed to have the accompaniment of some strains of music from Oariuen, and hts thoughts wandered away to the Opera, and to the beautiful, sad face in the curtains of Lady Marciimount's-box. ' He listened, aud could hoar faintly the Btrains of a street'band, which was play- ing a passage from the very scene which bad for him been interrupted by that strangely fascinating presence which he had endeavoured to suggest ia his medal picture. .?. His eyes wandered to the easel, and as they did so the remnant of grey silk whTch had covered his sketch gradually slipped down upon the floor,: and there was- the face looking at him, through its deep .'red' halo,'> and- its: accompanying figures' öf .misery and suffering!There was nothing supernatural in this, ¡tinugh it .exorcised an uncanny kind of influence upon Philip. The truth- is the drapery had , been ; gradually slipping ; away for houri, influenced by the increasing; gravi-, tatton of the heaviest, part to the floor and the entrance of Philip, the abutting of the dobr, and his. moving about, BO that it fell away just at a critical moment in Philip's reflections, and his imaginative nature found in the incident a shadow bf a pro- test against the chief event of the préviens flight.. If Dolly's face only gave you the idea jt&at; i^re.tps^pmetíiing' Mind ttjifô. proufi on meutftlly #ayinç, to ^imaelf, 1 1 r.jr ^^^"v^!^. intellectuality beyond^mere worldliness, j ho vr mach mere beautiful it would b i ! But he could lead lief into the direction cf tlie studies he liked- be could give her an auitñthm higher tljau that of shining in Society ; lie co*drí bring her sympa- thies within his own/control. Could he P There was the nib. Aud there, still before him, was Iiis idea of the face which of all ot hers he had ever seen possessed intellectual lire, poetic sentiment, but had withal a something fearful in its groat eues, aud something thrillingly mysterious in its sudden appearance aud in its no less startling disappearance. He walked to tho easel, picked up the silk remuant, aud glanced round the room as if he expected to see someone ; then, mechanically wrapping up the piece of silk, placed it carefully away in his ward- robe, took up his palette, wiped it, and commenced to squeeze a series of colour tubes iipon.it. . , K\ While he is thus engaged, let jus glance at him critically, It is a promis- ing youth, not quite rugged enough1 perhaps for the making of a umn^ of actiou, but at the eatue time betokening firmness, good health, ambition, checked however by one physiognomical drawback, a somewhat weak chin, and with eye- brows held foy the Arabs tobe so beauti- ful, aud|by| the old physiognomists td be the mark of craft, but regarded, by the master as neither beautiful uer betoken- ing' craft, bat rather, while, giving, the face a somewhat gloomy appearance, dfitioting-, trouble ol mind aud heart. Similarly with the pointed chi»; inauy people believe it to bethe accompaniment of acuteness aud craft, but Lavater knew., many honourable people with such chins, fend jue noted that their craft is tho craft, of í he best dramatic poetry. Philip Forsyth had the melancholy eye- brows and tho flaw of weakness in the. chin, not as to the pointed chili, but to tho want of angularity, and tlie sugges- tion of retreat, coupled with a soiuethiug negative in both, Us form and siz'j ; but for these drawbacks, Pnilip's face was the face of. an artist, and a mau of nobility of mind aud ambit iou. The com- pact forehead, the thick black hair, the perfect nose- suggestive of the. keystone to the Gothic arch, .as Lavater regarded' it-the dark, steadfast eyes, the strong hands with, their loug dexterous fingers, the well-proportioned limbs, moderate breadth of shoulder with uar row hips aud ¡easy. graceful movements,, all belonging, I'to masculine, beauty, and to a nature of keen sensibilities. Meeting Philip for, 'the first .time, you Would have, regarded; * hi m as a young man out of the common;', but you might have credited him with nursing au. ambition he could not realise, or With a melancholy turn of disposition j-qualities which are not without attrac- tion in the young, who are just beginning to realise the responsibilities of existence. ' There was perhaps a further touch of jweakness in Philip's, indi vidual character- . ¡istics-namely, iu his gait and uiauner. ¡He did not walk straight and direct to anything : there was a something akin to feline gracefulness iu his movements. Se approached on object with a certain swerve of motion, as if he, more or less, walked iu curves, as graceful actors do: and this also was characteristic of his itnode pf thought. It was to thc line of retreat iu his chin, its slight underside, ¡that physiogotnists. would credit this peculiarity, combined with a strong imagination not under tho full control or the logical or executive faculties. But these very weakuessos helped iu many respects t) add to the attractive- ness of Philip's w.ork and conversation. They made, for instance, Dick Chetwynd feel perfectly safe in giving him advice, and added to Dick's satisfaction with the young fellow's matrimonial engagement to a pretty, sensible girl not likely to be led away by will-o'-the-wisps, and with sufficient mouey in the three per cents, io give stability to his social and domestic position. ? ? ? Philip, having laid his palette and .brushes down by the easel, took from his pocket & cigar, lighted it, dragged a chair in front, of his sketch, sat cross-legged upon it and .looked at the canvas stead- fastly, smoking all the time, and occasion- ally looking upwards, watching the blue wreaths break upon the cross beaut, from which swung specimens of old flint guns, apeara, bows and arrows, and a Roman jeorslet. ? ? With the eye pf imagination he saw his picture grow into what might be, what he hoped St would be, nofc'ouly a great work of art, but an; everlasting rebuke to Russian'tyranny, not -pimply, tina study to which the Academy baa awarded- the Gold Medal, but the. study which had, perhaps brought the awful (political dis- abilities of the Russians home to the sufferers, helping the champions of the {people to break the chains that kept Xiberty in prison, galled its flesh, and .tf ore its brain to maduess. " -" He had once seen : a band of political prisoners and criminals start on their weary way to Siberia, and he bad never! ^forgotten it, nor would, though ha was ñot. intore than nina years old! at tho ;jtime. . It; father lived iu Moscow. Wherever they are condemned to Siberian exile by order of the Czar-everything is by order of the Czar in that vast, despotically governed empire-they proceed first to Moscow, whore, after a brief sojourn in the great convict prison there, tiley start «on. their awful journey. The prison is some distance from tho city, and Philip j remomberod that lie aud his father rose very early to soo the exiles leave his father having some benevolence to one of them, which he was allowed to undertake by order of the C/.ar. The penal settle- ment was a series of huts and houses surrounded by a high" wall. Tiiere were numerous sentinels, and they had many formalities to go through before Philip s father «aw the mau for whom he had way, his small collection of plastic ware scattered here and there, and his statu- ettes of a Russiau peasant, aud a baked clav|model of a Polish patriot. AU these thing* he looked at but did not see ; bis mind WAS occupied with other images, with other thoughts ; it was riot altogether absent from the studio, but it was making curious and strange journeys outside the porter's lodge, aud busy with thoughts that went out far away, and with strange day- dreams. Did be love the girl to whom last night he bad engaged himself iu a lifelong bund ? ' Or iu what he had «aid was he pledged to that «orion ?» compast of marriage P . If Love was' th it absorbing passion he had dreamed of, was he in love with Dolly P ; ''WAS not his last night's engagement a .siiddeu impulse, in which there was a ; good deal of passion and very little love? Was Dolly tho ideal of womanhood he had dreamt of as an artist, and read of in the poets P .Was she not rather a pretty, clover, little woman of the world, her heart in the studio of the miliner rather tiiau iu the 6tndio of tho painter P Did she really care for Art p ' Was Beauty Without the refining grace of culture aud sentiment really Beauty P Would any man have been happy with the wost perfect godless of the Grecian sculptors P ?Did Providence for that matter ever: coin hiue true physical beauty with intel- lectual grace ? brought the last parting massage from a : broken-hearted wife. Tho prisoners in- cluded both men and women, and they «vre as a rule attired in a uniform kiud bf dross, which seemed to Philip's I memory to be a long, loose great coat of a ' i rough grey cloth, As- they left the prison j they ea w the first gang begin their mirch, nod it was the recollection"of this that had enabled Philip to give life and reality'to the more terrible narratives of j . which he had since read and heard- j incidents on the road, heaths by the way tragedies en route, during which tho: <J«ar bad been relievedof many prisoners, the innocent and the guilty, the hardened criminal aud the spotless victim pf his infernal rule. Pniiip remembered the heavy rinj?s that wore riveted upon thc lege of the convicts, one for each ankle, united by a chain, which fetters were linked with others, holding groups or companies together to render the surveil- lance of their guards easy and complete, as they held their weary way across the vast steppes into the Siberian wilds, where even Nature allied itself with the GK ir to torture and kill them. It did not require much knowledge or imagination to introduce into a group of tho poor, wretched creatures that young student falling by the way, nor to bring a suffering woman to his aid, nor to invoke the interposition of th« brutal Oossack against the both of them. This was the incident upon which Philip concentrated Iiis mind and his brush, aud to-day having promised himself models for these three figures, he still went on punting from j memory, a touch here, a correction there.' Unconsciously he found that he was sketching himself as the dying student. Every touch he put into tho figure made it moro and more like him, but-every touch upon the woman lie rubbed out again. It was au inspiration, that woman's face. He felt it as such, and now tho fear took possession of him afresh that ho would never be able to finish it. Ho therefore came to the wise conclusion not to touch tho original sketch again, but to mako new studies for any. alterations in its development. \- The face took fresh possession of him ias : he worked-; and when presently he began to, think, again of Polly, and tr picture ia bis mind the scene she had forecast of a floating gondola on the Grand Canal, with only they two-and the gondolier in the moonlight, with music, rising and falling iu the sweet Spring air, that tace had gradually as it were eclipsed Dolly's cheerful, love-iuvitiug features, sand it was at the feet of the strange woman he was sitting, and the music changed to the appaling and': defiant strains of the mountain scene, with the loving maiden fresh from the innocent village and the dying mother, and Philip 'again looked round the studio as }f some lone had «onie in without opining th 3 .},.;: Theil a he lahO^^^^^^^^^^^^H staggered, rajd^^^^^^^^^^^^^H an room,^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^H fitted up as part bedroom and parTlRS|m^^^^^^H room and dressing-room, flung himselE^^^^^^^^^ down before a crucifix, end prayed with . all his heart for guidance, for aid, and for comfort. When he rose from his knees he re- turned to the studio and paced to and \ fro in a uteady, steadfast manner, occas- ^ io nally nianing his fingers through Wa hair, but never pausing until after nearly an hour of this,/ physical arid" mental exercise-for he was thinking and revolv- ing all manner of ideas about himself, the picture, Dolly, and the woman of tho opera-box-he drew a couch before the stove, lay down, and tired in mind and ? body, drifting into that kind of sleep which Diekens speaks of as stealing upon us sometimes, and while it holds the body prisoner does not free the mind from a sense of things about it, but enables it to ramble as it pleases. Philip, resting with a sense of happi- ness that comes with the redressing^ofj^ every physical want, wandering off¿W» - pleasanter dreams than those which had hitherto filled the waking mind. Once more it was Dolly at whoBe feet he reclined on the waters of that city of <he ocean he had longed to visit, and which he was now to see for the first time in loving company, with bija»!eyes that would returu*1ri8V.aduiiniig gaze, with soft hands that would respoud to the tender pressure of uis own, his love and hers set to glorious music, and basking in Italian sunshine. And so the time parsed away. The sun had gone down, and, the mists had fallen all o vor Primrose Hill when he awoke, his fire out, and only a faint glimmer of the gaslight from with- out showing him where he was, the half waking sleep of bis first hour having changed into a dreamless time, out ot which he arose, however, cold, and feeling the prosaic sensation* of hunger. At about the same time that he woke np Dick Chetwynd arrived at tile Lodge. " Out " was the answer. " But * lu ' and working," said Chet- wynd. " Well, yes, sir," said the porter's wife, " aud what we considers a little odd, be have had nothing to eat all day ; not rung his bell for nothing, aud come er»£ so early." , " Sure ho ha« not gone out?" "Quite sure." . " Thea I thiuk I might break the mles and see what he is about, «h. ?" " Well sir, you might,, baing^ bis most intimate friend, and exonerating me and iny husbaud " I " Quite so," said Dick, p issiug through the barrier and going straight to Philip's 'quarters, which bad a separate porch , or passage-way and, were espsciaUy private and secluded. It was now too dark to see the legend "Out" upon the. wicket, the gas lamp at the entrance only seeming t i cast the door in darker shadow." " What the mischief can he be at P" Dick eaid to himself as he performed, a stirring fantasia upon Philip's knocker. The door was almost immediately opened, but the studio was in darkness, every blind down, the only light being a faint gleam from some ou'side lamp. " Hello ! cried Dick. " What's going on here P" . ? , " I don't know, I believe I am," said Philip. " Come io, Chetwynd ; have you a match P" "A match, yes. What's the matter?" "Nothing's the mal tor," said Philip," " only that I have boen to sleep." "What, all day long?" asked Dick, lighting a match. " I don't know ; I think I have, or else been dreaming. It is awfully .good of. you to come, old chap," Philip took the match from Dick, lighted a lamp, and shivered. " Is it not very cold ? What's the time ?" " It is very cold, and the time is seven o'clock. You haTe not dined ?" " No," said Philip. "That's right," said Dick, "I haye not. Gome home with me." " My mother expects me to dinner." "Nb. she does not. I have seen her; met her at Martinotti's studio ; an exhibi- tion of his models for the Garibaldi statue. I told her I should cal! for you and carry you off. But what have you been doing, my dear fellow? You are as white as Martinotii's plaster ]" " 1 have been trying to work," 1 expected to find you radiant after what happened last night. I suppose the new impulse it has given to your ambition has set ..you working too hard to- day.i You must not do that. I congratulate you, my dear boy; it is a>most desirable .match in every way." " I hope so, "said Philip. " You hope so, you young vagabond p" said Dick--he always called him a young vagabond when he liked him most-" you know it is." " She is a sweet girl said," said Philip; " I wish I was worthy of hqr." " Worthy P Fiddlesticks ! Go now and. dress and let ns be off ; yon don't m¡eau to say you have been here all day Wfthput ilnoçneon, and not, even oneced) fbtjt; ?^Bs! This will not- do, Pliil, ^^?É*' young fellow is in love. So Hp^een working on the sketch, ^btiP Humph! I don't think I should touch it any more; get at the picture, dear old chap, that's the thing to do now. And I have tremendous news for you !" , "Indeed?" J " Yes, dress, and I'll toll you as we go to Dorset-square." Philip lighted another lamp, and went into the next room. "I shall smoke whilev^u dress." *' All right," ¿aid Philip " but come in." ''No, I shall amuse myself with the gold medal; imagine you carrying it off,. Std having a silk rope round the picture, t Burlington House, or at auother Gallery we wot of if you like." ' "-But what is tho news ?" asked Philip how busy dressing. ' " Great news, Phil ; the making of your picture. I shall npt tell you until von ara dressed." Philip, now thoroughly'aroused, was ^ fairly, back again in the everyday world ; he put bis bead into the washing bowl, ana, was. soon all aglow, it did not take him ten minutes to dross, and the porter's wife answered the bell with unwonted alacrity. '"'I have a hansom at the gate," said Dick, when Philip asked the porter's wife to have/one ordered. The , attendant being gone, "Now," said Philip, " what is your news, DickP" '-" I/et me help you ou with your over» coat}'its a cold night, bright starlight, frosty ; yon must not get a chill." " 1 " Oh, I'm all right," said Phil. " But you do not exactly belong to yourself any more you know ; you have to take "caire, for Dolly's sake/' I v "Very well,*' replied Phil, just a little j ithpátiently ; "let me shut the door; all .right, mind the step." Studio lights were burning in the win- dows, the married quarters ot Hymen with tye torch looking more cheerful than any other of the homes of Art. There was a.faint perfume of wallflowers from an adjacent window box ; the porter's lodge was radiant with A crackling! and cheerful fire;, aud in the street was a hansom wttli two white lamps, which ^ere presently dancing along tiie Albert Wad, by Primrose-Hill aud away down Baker-street towards Dorset-Square. " And now, Phil/' said Dick, turning to his friend, " pull yourself together for the Dews." " I have been doing. that for the last half hoar,*' said Philip, "ï Üávri found her/' ."Great heavens, whouP" exclaimed Philip1;.'bia heart bealing wildly, io spite ofWmself. "Your ghost of Madame Lapükín. Bal more.like'Oleopatra than Lapukin, I fahey." , " Do yon mean the woman I saw at the Operaf* " Who else could I mean ?" *';Äow'do you know it is her P" ' "Pr'our yonr., description ' and yonr portrait of her. A'superb wo mau ! But not half sb melancholy as you make out ; and" her bair is chest mit, not red; a chestnut that will drive you crazy ; great violet eyes set in a colourless face of abstheftc loveliness ; but her mouth ! well, Ula the mouth of Clytemnestra !" '" :"lt is ¿ot the 6atno woman, Dick." Yes, it is, and to-night you shall see her and talk to her, and ask her to sit to ypu;" ; « And who is she then P" Philip asked« "and why did she appear in Lady Matchmount's box like a vision and dis- appear like a dream ?" . nu You can ask her yourself. I saw her this inórning at the Gallery; and she is the famous Russian Countess, .Olga fctravbnsky." And Ï thought she might have been a Nihilistic spy, the victim of some vile conspiracy." .said Phil, in a tone of keen disappointment, i'A Russian Countess! To ask her to see my sketch wonld be to insult'her; to sit for that suffeing angel j abe ..has inspired, an outrage. I don't wish, to see her." < ."Oh yes, you do ! Here we are." Thé cab pulled up at one'Of the best houses in the Square, well-known in art Circles, a home of taste and social genial- ly. * ' She is coming hère after dinner ; and I haye tombant you fop the honour," paid Dick, as be türned the latch with his key. í' I told lier all about you, and she shall sit for the «nedal." ? ; * . V ? ' . ¡(Tobe continued.) ; 