[SPORTING FIXTURES. RACING. TO-DAY (THURSDAY), 7TH Dandcnong Races.—At Daudonoijig.' FEBRUARY. TO-MORROW (FRIDAY), 8TH FEBRUARY. Baxter'8 Plat Races.—At Baxter's Flat. SATURDAY, 9 TH FEBRUARY. Elst-ernivick Pari: Races.—At Elsternwick Park. Moonee Valley Races.—At Moonee Valley. SATURDAY AND MONDAY, 9TH AND 11TH FEBRUARY. Slurtoa Races.—At Murtoa. TUESDAY, 12TH FEBRUARY. Shcpparfon Races.—At Shepparton. THE entries for the Victoria Amateur Turf Club Meeting, to take place on Saturday week, the lGth February, give promise of some excellent sport. The Oakleigh Handicap, of five furlongs and a-half, has 35 nominated therefor, amongst them being the mighty Malua- It is but the other day the Argus reported Mr, J. O. Inglie as saying that the Geelong Cup was to be Malua's last race. Mr. Inglis has an unhappy knack of either being misunderstood or being extremely vacillating. THE entries for the "Victoria 'Racing Club Autumn Meeting, on ;2nd, 5th, 7tb, and^9th of March, also made their appearance in Tuesday's papers. If they are slightly deficient in quantity they are all there as regards quality, and as the New South Wales and New Zealand horses are well splathered about during the four days' tryst,(Victorian owners and trainers will have to bestir themselves to try and hold their own. MENTOK'S name is'conspicuous by its absence, aDd Walter Hickenbotham informs me> that the Champion Racehorse of 'Australia • will not start for any of his Autumn engagements. The reason for this is the fact that after swinging round with Carbine at a steady gait !( a roile and a-half in 3 minutes 4 seconds) on Thursday morning he exhibited symptoms of lameness and on after being taken home and his leg fomented, his trainer so disliked the appearance of matters that he sought the advice of Mr. F. F. Dakin—whose veterinary skill is proverbial in the Flemington distrct —and on that gentleman examining Mentor he at once pronounced bim suffering from a bowed tendon. Of course it is quite unnecessary for me to say that whatever care and attention can do will be accomplished by Walter Hickenbotham ; but a bowed tendon is not cured in a week or two—if ever. THEY tell me -(I wasn't there mjself) that there were some queer old pranks carried on at the last race meeting at Sherwood Forest. Dear, dear, dear 1 How stupid of me to be sure! Of course I meant Sherwood Park. Sherwood Forest was the place were Robin Hood and Little John performed their daylight robberies in England; but, Great Scott! Sherwood Park is here in Victo ia. Not that there couldn't be equally as predatory birds located in Sherwood Park as ever inhabited Sherwood Forest; far from it! In fact—if all they tell me be true—the hawks were so keen and voracious in the Park (where, by-the-bye, they always stuck—none of them being Rovers" that the Vowls flew away, even the Woods disappeared, and the whole place has consequently become puckered up. TOM PATEN is once more amongst us with nine of .the Hon. James White's horses (Volley, Craabrook, Carlyon, Plutarch, Abercoru, Sinecure, Spice, Dreadnought and Rudolph), and as Dick Mason has put in an appearance with three of Mr. O. G. Stead's (Locbiel, Russley and Rose Argent), and Will Eelso is expected here from Sydney to-day (Thursday) with Cinderella and four or five others, it will pass without saying that the work on tbe training tracks at Flemington of a morning will be interesting in the extreme. (N.B.—Should you take a stroll out some of these fine mornings you will find the flies very troublesorne unless you are armed with a big fla6k. i generally stand close to tbe mile post myself, and am a dead shot with a drop of Usher's at a short range. So is Peter ParBley and so is Jim Higham. The proof of tbe pudding is in the eating thereof. Twiggeyvouz ?) OUT of the IS Geelong Cups run for Tom Hales has won Bix—namely, on Pride of the Hills, Newminster, Guinea, Gudarz, Linda and Malua. THANKS to M'Guirk (who bowled equally as well with his head as with bis hands) tbe North Fitzroy defeated Ormond for Boyle and Scott's Cup by 52 runs. This leaves the Capulet, North Fitzroy and Ormond to play off for that valuable trophy, the next match being between North Fitzroy and Capulet, Ormond getting the bye. AFTER the Ormond—North Fitzroy match on Saturday, the cognoscenti (of which Dave Scott, Val. Robertson, T. P. Power, Bill Knox and yours truly were component partB) vended their way to the Carlton Cricket Ground, ostensibly to see how the Carlton and East Melbourne were getting on ; though, if the real facts of the case could be arrived at, I am strongly of opinion tbey struck there, because it was the nearest spot from the Royal Park where they could each dispose of a modest quencher. Be that as it may, we saw a rattling good batsman wieding tbe willow on behalf of the local men. He is a South Australian—Watling by name, and a thorough tradesman. But there t You wouldn't catch Paddy Deeley having anything to do witn him if he waBn't. I SOPVOSE it's all right; the captain of the Sixth Australian Eleven knows what he is about, and all that sort of thing. But, all the same, right through their tour it ba6 eeemed a dampbunny thing to me the way they have been preventing Old Boyley from getting a ghost of a show. In England the whole of the sporting Press were unanimous that he wasn't bow.ed half enough ; and on his return to Australia he is either ignored altogether or else sent in so late as to prevent ^lmt IjU of jbatping^e^^^poBB^IeB' *<itatvif ilfc detractors will adinlt him my tit alii being utiheed. In this last mit<sto—Australia v. a Combined Team of New South Wales and the Melbourne Cricket Cluu—he played two not-out innings for 2i and 13 respectively, and although the Combined team put together 298 in their first innings only 18 balls was he allowed to trundle. For all that there's life in the old 'un yet; and you can take my tip for it the Old Bendigonian will be taking bis place in Senior Cricket long after the embryo bank managers have disappeared from the scene. THERE was a feeling of gratification throughout Victoria on the receipt of the news that the M.C.C. Eleven had won the return match against New South Wales. In cricket, as in everything else, it is the improbable that is ever the moBt certain; and when the selection committee—Backbam, Bruce, Trumble and Horan (the latter being the only one who voted in bis favour)—decided upon leaving Dick Houston out of the team, the general concensus of opinion was that they hadn't a dog's show. But their 14 runs victory still further attests the fact that "Cricket is a rummy game," and taking all the circumstances of Ibe case into consideration it's just as well that matters resulted as they did. For now there need be no quibbling about technicalities in healing the breach between the Melbourne Cricket Club and the Victorian Cricketers' Association. Public feeling runs strongly that, although the M.C.C. may have displayed an indecent haste in trying to assume sole control of the Intercolonial matches • between Victoria and New South Wales, "boycotting" the club was far too Berious a punishment for the misdemeanour. And again, it is piain and palpabie that the general public believe in two matches each season between the colonies. This being so, I (in accord with many others) consider that the road is clear for a reconciliation between the two bodies, and, with that object in view, I think that the V.C.A. should at ouce hold a meeting, and in deference to public opinion, rescind the "boycotting" resolution. This being done, the M.C.C. would have no alternative course but to adhere to article 2 of the constitution of the Association, placing tbe sole con Srol of all Intercolonial matches in the handB of that body. Should the M.C.C. refuse to do so then everybody would know what was what; and instead of two or three of our foremost cricketers declining to play under their ajgis (as at present), their " intercolonial " team would resolve itself into a thing of shreds and patches. The Press of the sister colony has spoken with no uncertain Bound as to the non-advisability of any individual club having the sole control of the time-honoured Intercolonial contests; and although the great cricket authority of Victoria (friend " Felix," of the Australasian) has felt it incumbent upon himself to compliment the M.C.C. in not allowing the matches to fall through even for a single season, he is very pronounced on the point that the Maryleboneof Australia should not seek self-aggrandisement under the specious guise of " the interests of cricket." THERE were a couple of very funny incidents connected with the late match that will bear retailing. Some hat- making admirer of the Vies, was so delighted with their victory that he presented each member of the team with an orthodox •' straw " in honour of tbe occasion; that is, he intended so to do, but when he came to take stock there was one gentleman possessed such a " pimple " that he found it necessary to procure a much larger block than he had ever before used, so as to enable tbe tile to be built that way. Eh? What's that? Yes, you are quite right. Go up top. It was Dutchy. THE second yarn goes that at the very identical moment when Trumble caught (off his own bowling) the last New South Wales man, and won the match, a very high official in tbe Melbourne Cricket Club was fast asleep, with his head and hands resting on his Malacca. Whether it was that during the preceding night he had been debarred from getting enough of Nature's chief restorer, balmy sleep,or the monotonosity with which the Sydney wickets were falling, or the dejected "haviour of the visage displayed by Phil Sheridan in the pavilion, or a little too much of the gaff and not quite enough of the sbandy, or all these things together, deponent knoweth not; but certain is it that advantage was taken of the circumstance to get au amateur photographer who was available to take his counterfeit presentment—a speaking likeness. I have been given to understand that steps have been taken to suppress copies thereof, but Miles' boy assures me that one of my particular cronies has managed to secure one, and therefore^a6 the Chelsea bun man remarked) we shall see what we shall see. TOMMY HORAN informs me that the yell Tom Watson let out of him when the Gumsuckers defeated tbe Cornstalks was enough to frighten the sharks who were disporting themselves round Kirribille Point. AND speaking of sharks reminds me that poor old Frank Walters had a fearful experience of the perils of the deep whilst out iu a yacht in Middle Harbour. A "southerly buster" came on unexpectedly, and a detachment of the Victorian team who were having a sail felt convinced that they were consigned of a surety to Davy Jones' locker. " Oh, we were sick I" remarked my informant: " Frank Walters turned absolutely green. You should have 6eeu him with his hands clasped 1 I thought myself it was all up with UB, and was awfully glad when I put my feet on the steamer where the rest of the boys were." " And was Frank Walters glad, too, when he put bis feet where the rest of the boys were?" I inquired. " My word he was," was the reply. " And what did the rest of the boys say about Frank's putting hiB feet where they were?" ! continued. Oh, you go to Putney !" was the rejoinder; "comei and let us wet the win." And, being Weterans, we wet it accordingly. 'PON my word you can be years and years in a place, and never know anything about its surroundings. Here have I been located boy and man in Carlton since '53, and never knew till last Sunday tbat there were such'-beauty spots" on tbe Yarra River within a distance of a dozen miles. I might have remained in blissful ignorance for aye, indeed, had not Alf Smith, that tower of strength for the St. Kilda Football Club, been about to shift back to Melton; but this being 60, that Prince of Good Fellows, Arty Stooke, decided that Alf should have a proper send-off, and, accordingly, a select party foregathered on the morning of tbe first day of the week at Bred Furton's—which, as you know lor if you don't you ought to), is not quite a hundred miles from the corner of Bourke and Swanston streets. There were nine of us and everything was (as Fred Shea puts it) Rybuck. It was a representative kind of a gathering too. Fred. Best and Pleasance represented the V.F.A., Will Crundv, Alf. Smith and Fred. Burton the playing members Harry Bennett the theatrical profession, and yours truly the Noble Army of Ink Slingers. I don't;kuow who Steve Langton represented—unless it was the Canary; but I do know that a very huge hamper represented Clements, the caterer. Arty Stooke represented Jehu—to tbe life. By referring to the files of those days you will become aware of the fact that some few years back Jehu was a dashing Hebraix driver. Now, despite his knnkal development, I don't think there's much of the Sheenie about Arty; but at the time of writing my aching bones are " confirmations strong as proofs of Holy Writ" (Shakespeare) tbat he is an extremely dashing driver. We got to his farm at Rosehill eventually, after obeying the Scriptural injunction (" Drink and let thy cattle drink also ") at the Walfhay House and Blenty Pridge. Was you ever up at Rosehill Farm? "No!" Oh. it's a beautiful place, all bills and valleys, with the Yarra winding in and out for all the world like that description of firework used to patronise when I was in knickerbockers—yclept a jumping-jack. As Harry Bennett said, it was a very nice aspect. I took mine Bitting down—on a cushion. 'Then we spread tbe cloth under the umbrageous eucalypti, and waded into the good things provided as if it didn't matter a dump whether or not good digestion waited on appetite—we would catch on to appetite. And after our fourteen mile drive, how did weBtowit! Spare my days! You would have thought Fred Burton was preparing for seven years of famine. As a Pressman I have been at many a free feed, but I can honestly aver that I never saw nine trenchermen do such justice to anything. The wind-up of the sIikIII/ refection was ilie usual Charge your glasses gentlemen 1 And then Arty Stooke proposed the health of Alf Smith in a few appropriate words, after which songs and recitations, canary whistling and imitation dog-fighting (Steve Langton being the artist) was appropriately concluded by Artv Stooke's health being drunk with "three times three and a tiger.' After which they traversed the meadow-land till they came to the Ever Flowing, vrhen eight of the number took headers into the pellucid—tbe Fat 'Ua excusing himself on tbe plea that tbe Growler was bad enough, but were he to take a dip also the chances were that there would be a flood below the liarkly, "alongside of which tbe memorable one of G:i wouldn't rank as a circumstance. Tbat put them all in fiue fig for tea, which was partaken of up at the farmhouse, where bread and butter and milk such as town people only dream of was served out with unsparing hand by Mrs. Ashton. A genial shower invited a stroll through the fruit garden, and after the mulberries and apples had been duly punished, and washed down with plenteous ligations of " cow juice," tbe Arty one gave tbe signal " all aboard! ' tooling us along right merrily, and eventually depositing us at our starting-place thoroughly enervated after a capital day's enjoyment. I had almost forgotten to mention that during tbe afternoon there was an exhibition of Greasey-Ronian wrestling, in which S eve Langton, Frank Best, Fred liurton, and Beorgey Powen took part, and aB tbe sun was pretty warm the " greasey " part of the business was very apparent when the Growler and the Obese Party tried conclusions. THE St. Kilda Swimming « lub purpose holding their annual aquatic entertainment for the ladies on Saturday next, 9th February. These meetings are now an established institution, and are undoubtedly one of the leading events in the colonial swimming world. Tbe ladies look forward to the day, and the committee acknowledge their attention by doing everything within their power to provide au afternoon's amusement. No expense is spared, and though tba accommodation is limited, tbe most is made of it. The programme will include every description of aquatic performance. The first event on the card—Aquatic J Evolutions—is always au interesting item. Tbis will be followed by an Umbrella Race, with a very large field. Next the ladies will nominate their champions in two contests, 100 and 200 yards. The nominator of the winner of the 100 yards will receive a bandsome brcoch, of the 200 yards a gold bracelet. The Sea Sprites will revel; the blind will endeavour to assist themselves iu a race specially nrranged fov them (Blindfold liace); there will be a Sailor's Hornpipe by an accomplished.'ciefrMfaH/e; the members of the club will exhibit their humanity in the cause of drowning beauty under the supervision of Dr. R. E. Scblesinger, the club s medical officer, and the whole will conclude with a farce specially written for tbe S.K.S.C. This delicious little gem will be superbly mounted, the scenery being painted and kindly lent by Mr. J. Hegarty, who runs the baths. Owing to the large profits this summer our mutual friend J. H. has had a little otium cum digintac thrust upon him. and this he has devoted to art. As will be perceived this is no second rate show. Tbe club—now in its second decade, being established in 1876—has a big name all over the colony and this its members will endeavour to maintain. THE great pounding match at the Hibernian Hall on Monday night was lively while it lasted, but the fighting was diluted with such an everlasting torrent of talk that the noble art will hardly gain much glory from the affair. In fact, for an hour or so the proceedings more resembled a sitting of Parliament than a mill. A lot of yabber was wasted to no purpose. The deadlock was the fault of neither man. Slavin was justified iu declining to proceed with 8oz. gloves, and Burke was not to be blamed for bringing those mittens, since the law would allow no lighter ones. So a compromise was the only thing lelt, and the only fault we have to find is tbat the compromise was not made 6oouer. It was absurd that the whole thing should not have been settled during the afternoon. Another flaw in the management was the dearth of preliminary bouts. One four-round go in three hours is hardly enough. Surely there are plenty of willing young boxers who would exhibittbeir prow, ss on these occasions. When the row was at last settled the house was a magnificent one, and tbe scene was highly exciting as the two men faced each other. The first round was certainly in lavour of Burke, and there is no question that he is the cleverer boxer ot the two, from a purely scientific standpoint. But Slavin's height and weight were bound to tell, and we must conclude from thi6 performance—a knock-out in three rounds—hat the Queenslander is a great man in the ring. His bitting is tremendous, and his ability to receive punishment will some day be found to be considerable. We cannot see why he should not yet reach tbe top of the tree in his profession, for he improves with every appearance. Tbe winner was well handled by Peter Newton and Abe Hicken, and Mick Nathan and Quilligan took good care of the " Irish lad." Joe Thompson had |the confidence of the crowd as referee, and Professor Miller's burly form and cool head were of use in the preliminary business. Tbecrowd'6 quiet behaviour under trying circumstances was remarkable, and will do much to counteract the bad effect of the disgraceful waste of time over the squabble. ONE of our latest English advices conveys to us tbe intelligence tbat a lady named Smith has been applying to the Bow street magistrates for a separation order from her husband, on the grounds of desertion and cruelty. She had put up with his repeated long absences from home, and his occasional calls at 'their domicile with a No. 9 drunk aboard, during which he playfully broke up the clock and a6 much of tbe furniture as "was readily amenable to treatment with the poker. On Saturday night, however Mr. Smith, so to speak, culminated. He met her iu Clare Market, and smote her on the face with a large fresh fish, which wasn't so fresh as it might have been. And at this point endurance broke down, and the entente cordiale was stretched till it snapped. No decent woman, she exlained, could continue to repose confidence in a hus- who caressed her with a large flat-fish. Affection Eand becomes cold and clammy when you stroke it down with a fish. No lady with any style about her will endure to be smitten with a defunct plaice. If she needs correction it is nobler to reprove her with a walking-stick or tbe back of a meat-chopper, but a slimy, moist, uncomfortable dead fish is not a thing that should be pressed to tbe budding lips of beauty. So Mrs. Smith ha6 got her separation order, but she -<vill not get over the rude shock to tbe finer feelings of her nature. As the poet sings, You may break, you may shatter the wedding vows if you will, but tbe scent of the dead fi6h will cling to them still. And the poet was about right for just that once. OLYMPUS. 