CARDINAL MOR AN IN L&.UN- OESTON '?? MASSES - AT MCE . CHOBCH OS THE ?: 'ap6sti-kb. At eight .o'clock Sutiday^morning raass ^celebrated afc the Church of the Apbstles.by his Eaiinence-Cardmal Moran, A?chbUhop of -Sydney, assisted by,Dr. (VHaran. The Church was. crowded, and hisEminenceadministeredholycommumon to a lartrb number of participants. At 11 o'clock , Pontifical High Mass was , . ...j.i ? ii.» mnok l?ewr_ Dr. DCVle, BkW oi 5»tSm7 nW7 South i Wales, SsSby tho Kev.T.Kelshas deacon '?? -j d™ T Murnhv as sub-doacon.tbe vcraylr;.DeanB?ecUrJandDr,O'HarBn ^Yho acted as master of ceremonies. His Xinenco Cardinal . Horan P^f ^ m GappaMagna, or in his roles ot high office. Un the' right of the Cardinal was . seated Dr Murphy, Archbishop of Hobart, and on Ms left Archbishop Reynolds of Adelmde and the Bishops of Goulbourne and _ *. *t\\- ? T\\*»«1 n n-nn I tn.m tTflTl 1 . J. JIG . ^v Tather k= ; ^fj^ V-pied a rVlace on tho altar. The guards of the Lea-ue of the Cross preceded the Cardinal ' .fnlo' the church and remained on duty throughout tho ceremony. The church was again crowded, many being unable to get sitting accommodation. Tho choir under the efficient conductorship of Mr T. H. Boswortb, rendered Mozart's 12th Mass in an excellent manner. The 'O Salutaris was well ffiven by Mr. J. Spruadborough, ^this &er; being substituted for the 'Bone- ofcrtory Millard's ' Ave Maria,' and was heard to especial advantage. ' in fact, tho sina-inK of the choir throughout was ex ceedingly creditable to all concerned. IA.YIVO OF THE TOWER FOUNDATION STONE. a* +.!,«„ n'nlnek in the afternoon \- Cardinal Moran and suite attended at tho Church of the Apostles for the purpose of participating in the ceremony ^of the laving of tho foundation Btone of the pro : -nosed now tower to.be constructed m con nection^with that building. A platform ?was erected immediately outside the main entrance to the church, facing on Eliza beth street, and the stone was placed ' immediately adjacent. There was^au unusually large number of - spectators ' present, it being estimated that nearly 3000 personsattendedinthe grounds, and filled that portion or aiargarei-wtiuuu .«» *-«= vicinity of the scene of operatiens. aha Itifle baud, under tho conduetorship of Mr. G Harrison, occupied a platform on the around, and performed selections of sacred music during the af tern oon. The Cardinal Sid suite, preceded by the Children of Mpry .and tho League of the Cross guards, ariivod on tho scone at three o clock, and the ceremony of the laying of the founda tion atone was then performed by his Eminence. Prior to the stone being placed, in position the usual number of coins of the realm, besides copies of tho Launccston Examiner and Daily Telegraph, were buried underneath. At the conclusion of the cere M, Cardinal Moran delivered an eloquent and powerful address from the text, 'And Jesus coming spoke to .them, saying, all ' power-is -given to Me in Heaven nnd earth. Go therefore, ? teach ye all nations, bap tising them in' tho name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost; teaching them to observe all things what-, sopver I have commanded you. ' And, be- 1 hold I am with you all day3, even to tho consummation b£ .the world.' He con cluded by . saying he wished those . ? i ii _ 1: j ? . j.a HAnli'nn 4-Vtrt i niTiftrmli/'fi \- ' of the mission entrusted to them to carry out Many of them had come from Ireland, or were the children of those numbers of whom had sacrificed country and even life itself for the sake of their faith. They should in the land of their adoption seek to -emulate the dfieds of the past, and firmly : uphold the doctrines of the church. Th* ' day would come wnen Australia uibu wuum send her missionaries forth to extend the faith. The treo of that faith was planted .firmly on Australian soil, and its roots would extend from time to time and take ? a firmer hold than over. ? In regard to the ceremony they were present that dny to take part in, he would remind them it was i ust 50 years since Fiithei: Terry had dedi cated the first church in Launceston— bt. Josephs. Jtle cunt iaa\\- nuui™, miu. ov» it had passed away, while its place was taken by another and more imposing: edifice. Ho was sure he need not impress ?upon them that.it was their duty to re spond to the wishes of their pastor and Taiee a building which would serve as an ' ?- example of their.pioty and generosity. _ ? ?'? ? \At the conclusion of the ? Cardinal s address a collection was made in -aid of th e : building fund, and the handsome sum of .£180 was realised, Mb Eminence giving '?? ' JB20. ??. '?' ': ' ??' ?? . . '?'' ; .?-?. ?????:. ? PONTIJflCAIi VESPBES. Tn the evening, at seven o'clock, p_onh ifical vespers were celebrated by Bishop '» ^oyle^ of Grafton, assisted by. the members of the suite who took part in the morning s. ???- proceedings, and the benediction of the ~ jaioased Sacrament was offered up by rw«naV Moran. The-Church : was'. again SSteatTite utmost, holding .capacity.^ Tho choir rendered good service/Mrs. Anderson's singing of Gounoud's ' Ave Wftvia' being a special treat. Mr. E. Keon gave Pacini's ??' rantum Krgo' with taato and expression. Miss Ellis, presided at the organboth morning and evening. , Between the celebration, o ! vespers ^ .»ii»fn,,a oninion met in ttose ecboob it [?] and should never ? compr0m«» 'Xu4tm foi+,h and morals of their cnuaron w^re at sfake/ The Archbishop concluded his stirring address by exhorting his Roman Catholic hearers to remain steady £ the tnvnciples of their faith, and endea where .their religion woum uB wv in8tiSts^O^SH0r ««J ^ After benediction a .congratulatory aa dr... 'a. Panted to ^'?''P ,*!^r- Pitzhorbert, and Dr. Carr on behalf ot the C°E^d*hip repliad briefly, thanking the donors of the address for then good .wishes and congratulations. TUB CARDINAL AT WESTBHttT. _ The Cardinal and suite proceeded to Westbury by the midday train on batur day; On arrival at the township h-s. Eminence was the recepient of an address fromthe Koman Catholics of the district, «.. -rw -d.,,.1,0 fVio Warden, making the ™.esentetion. Another address of ^elcome was given by the. children of the Convent school Hia Eminenco was the guest of £ Venerablo Archdeacon Hogan during his sojourn in the township. ? An address of congratulation on his aciesrion to hrs new disuitywas also pre sented, to Archbishop Murphy by Mr. p. Burke,on behalf of the Koman Catholics °f Thf S' returned to the city by the I 6-10 o'clock train on Saturday evening. 