PARLIAMENT. .Legislative assembly. Tuesday, April 2. ;Tho Speaker took the chair at 4.30. p.m ' THE NEW MINISTERS. ,The SPEAKER announced that in accordance With tho 17th clause of tho Electoral Act lie had received tho endorsed writs 'in connection with tho re- dlcctioii of the new Ministers. Tho members of tho Government, all of whom were present then took tno oavn ana moir seats. MR. TRAILL'S SEAT. Mr. TRAILL said that by way of personal explanation he. desired to mentiou that for rea sons ho had detailed in tho public journals on , tho:25th of last month ho had decided to re enter that Housa although his scat had been questioned, but as there seemed to bo some doubt attached to tho. propriety of adopting elthor course— tho course of leaving the Cham ber or that of remaining in it-— he would like to hare from tho Speaker as the custodian of the privileges of that House, some expression of .opinion a9 to whether or not he was entitled to act as a member of the Chamber. The SPEAKER' said he had very little to .add to that which fell from him before tho ad journment. Tho hon. member having been re turned by his narao being placed on the writ . by tho returning-oflice, was entitled to con sider himself the actual member for his con stituency until he was displaced by the authority which was created under the electoral law, that was the Elections and Qualifications Committee. ("Hear, hear.") ANSWERS TO QUESTIONS. Mr. BRUCE SMITH, in answer to Mr. Hogan for Mr. 0. O, Dangar, stated that an amount, of £4000 had boen submitted on tho draft loan estimates on more than one occasion to enable the selectors resident west of Golf's Harbor to ship .their produce, but nothing seemed to have been decided, Upon inquiry he found that the matter had been reported upon favorably and he therefore intended to bring it again before the Cabinet with the view to an earlyletermi- aatiou being arrived at. Mr. BRUCE SMITH, in answer to Mr. UOGAN, for Mr. 0. O. Dangar, said that the greater number of the ferries were leased for 12 months before the resolution carried by the late Parliament approving the abolition of the tolls at present collected at tho various ferries throughout tho colony was arrived at. The question as to whether it was desirable to extend the collection at all ferries to the end of the year would be laid before tho Cabinet shortly. The question would no doubt be materially affected by the contemplated Local Government Act. The Government had no control whatever over ferries within municipal limits. Mr. BRUCE SMITH, in answer to Mr. Hogan for Mr. O. G. Dangar, stated that the Government bad not received from Sir John Coodo a report with reference to the improve ment of the entrances to the Bellinger, Nam- bucca and Maclcay rivers. Tho information asked for by Sir John'Coodo in reference to these rivers was very extensive and costly. The report, survey and borings for tho Maclcay would not bo ready for a few months. The Bellinger and Nambucca surreys had not yet been started for want of funds. Mr. SYDNEY SMITH, in apswer to Mr. Harold Stephen, stated that it was the prac tice of the Mines Department in certain cases to giro beforehand notice to aoplicauts of the in- . tentionjofftho departmeut to" refuse applications under tne 28th section of the Mining Act. In structions had been givon tiiat beforehand notice be sent to applicants who had not abandoned, ' or apparently abaudoned, their applications. Mr. BRUNKER, in answer to Mr. Barbour, Baid- that the Lands Department daily expected the receipt of the plan of the survey of a public road to be opened across country from Bundya- lurabla, on the Billabong, to Everett's Hotel, on the Edwards River, through tho Bar- ratta pastoral holding. Until such plan were received it could not he stated what portion of the resumed area of Barratta would be for sale, lease or other purposes. Mr. .BRUCE SMITH, in answer to Mr. Oruiokshank, stated that nothing could be de cided with regard to proposing a lino of railway from Glen Innes to Inverell until the result of the receut alternative surveys which have been made had been placed before the Government, when the whole matter should receive the oare- ful attention which its importance demanded. Mr. BRUCE SMITH, in answer to Mr. Wil liam STEPHEN, said the expenditure on the Botany-road, Sydney, to Bauks' Meadow during 1887 amounted to £117 6s 3d, and in 1888 to £1287 19s Id. The balance on January 1, 1889, of the unexpended votes for the maiu Botany- road was £108 19s Id, of which £107 9s 6d had sinco been expended, leaving a balance of £1 10s fid to date. There was no amount left for issue to the trustees. Sir HENRY PAEKES, in answer to Mr. Ewing, said it was not a fact that the members of the riflo corps at Lismore had been unable to obtain ammunition on requisition ; nor was it a . fact that the services of large bodies of men as ' mounted infantry bad bden refused ; but a few applications had been refused. Sir HENRY PARKES, in answer to Mr. Harold Stephen, said the removal of the quarantine station from North Head could not tako placo until another suitable site could be ; definitely fixed upon. - Mr. GOULD, in answer to Mr. O'SuLLrvAN, laid the position of police magistrate at Gunne- )ah had not been abolished. It was not in tended, at present, to rcstoro the position of tesident P. M. at Queaobcyan, but arrange ments had been made for Mr. Aldcorn, P.M. of turaidwood, to visit Qucanbeyan periodically. Sir HENRY PARKES, in answer to a series pf questions put by Mr. Barbour on the subject Df the control and regulation of navigation hpon the River Murray, stated that he could not st the present time give any definite answers lo the questions, but he might say that special tare would bo taken by the Government to guard tho rights of this colony iu respect to the river. . Sir HENRY PARKES, in answer to Mr. O'SullivaN for Mr. Crick, said lie had given tio-instrucr.ions to the Royal Commission ap pointed to inquire into the working of the late Casual Labor Board. Ho found it sitting when he entered upon the duties of office, and. beyond & request that they would briog their inquiry to a termination as speedily as they could, con sistently with a proper investigation of tho . facts, bo had not interfered, and he did not think it would be well for him to interfere. THE LAND ACT. MA BRUNKER, amid cheers, gave notice to the effect that it was tho intention of the Government to bring in a bill to amend the Land Act. 1 ' THE BROUKONG SHEARERS. Mr. COPLAND, without notice, asked the Minister for Justice what had been uoue in respect of tho Brookong shearers petition. Mr, GOULD : If tho hon. member will give notice I will answer the question to-morrow. " MANLY WATER SUPPLY. '' j Mr, LYNE, without notice, asked the Minister for Works what had been done with reference toitho Manly water supply. Mr. BRUCE SMITH said if the necessary notice was given ho would ausvvcr tho question to?morrow. , i THE PROPOSED NEW RAILWAYS. . lMr. LYNE, without notice, asked the Minis ter for Works what was the policy of the Government with regard to the threo new rail way schemes which, according to statements in the press, the Government intended to take into consideration at au early date; and further,- if his answer were in the affirmative, if he could accept tenders for the Nyngun-Cobar lino at once. Mr. BRUCE SMITH said it had been decided to forward/, the plans and schedule of tho Cul- cairn- Corowa laud Goulbum-Urookwell railway \- schemes to tho Public Works Committee as Boon as possible. With regard to the Nyngan- \- Cobar railway, the matter appeared to be roady to bo takon' in hand at once, but on a legal question it must be referred to the Attorney- General ns to whether it was necessary that the plans and schedules should go before tho Public -Works Committee or not. Subject to tho receipt of that opinion, the statements in the press regarding the intentions of tho Govern ment in regard to these railways were perfectly correct. (" Hear, hear.") Mr, LYNE: Before the ton. member sits down I would askj.»if . the construction of the Nyngan-Cobar line could not bo proceeded with without reference to the Public Works Com mittee. Mr. BRUCE SMITH : It was tho opinion of tho Atturnoy-Gciicral in tho previous Cabinet that it was not necessary to refer this work which , 'was sanctioned by a previous Government to , tho Public Works Committee; but the present Government liad thought it advisable to refer iho quescion to their own Attorney-General. Subject to that opinion, the present Govern ment favorably entertained the construction of a railway along that route. THE UNEMPLOYED. . f 'Mr, TONKIN, without notice, asked tho Minister for Works if it was intended that tho now public works proposed to bo undertaken should all bo centred around Sydney, or whether some of them should be sanctioned for tho benefit of tho unemployed in tho country districts. IS Mr. BRUCE SMITH said that it was his personal desire, aud ho was certain it was that of the Government, that there should be no preponderance of public works around Sydney to the. disadvantage of the country districts. He would undertako to say that be fully recognised the importance of the question, and he .could assure honorable members that it would bo tho duty of the Government to see that no disproportionate expenditure should bo made. (Cheers.) TH& SELECTORS. Dr. ROSS, without notice, asked what consi deration tho Government Intended to allow to free aolectors who, by reason of the drought, were unablo to pay their dues to Government en their selections on the duo date ? & Sir HENRY PARKES, in ilje absence of tho Minister for Lands, said that it would be pre mature) to give any forecast of the action which ho Government intended to take in the, matter. Ho thought, however, It v/ouldj be (sufficient nnswor to t&e; hon. member's question if ho said that tho Government wonld take no advantage of tho non-payment of tll£ amounts payable by selectors to the Government on the due date. PAYMENT OP MEMBERS. Mr. LAKEMAN, without notice, asked if the Government intended to take any action, with regard to tho quostion of payment of mem ber. Sir HENRY PARKES : All that I can say upon the subject is that I cannot take it into consideration at prcseut. I am not favorable to payment of mcmbors, and it is therefore not very likely that I am going to take tho initia tive. BROKEN-HILL WATER BUPPLY. Mr. J. P. ABBOTT presented a petition by tho inhabitants of Broken-hill and Silver-ton, in favor of a bill to enable tho Barrier Ranges and Broken-hill Water Supply Company, Limited, to establish a system of water supply within the police district of Broken-hill anu Silverton, and to confer upon tho said company certain powers and authorities. CHAIRMAN OF COMMITTEES. Mr. HAYES moved— That Mr. Ninian Molvillo be Chairman of Com- znittcei of tho wholo Hoiuo for the prosout session. Ho said that Mr. Melville had been for many years n momber of the House and was well up in Parliamentary practice and constitutional law. As one of the acting-Chairmen of Com mittees last session Mr. Melville showed marked ability. Ho was firm but courteous, he upheld tho dignity of the chair and gave general satisfaction to members on both sideB of the House. ("Hear, hear.") If it wero tho pleasure of hon. members to 6dcct Mr. Melville for tho honorable and responsible position -of Cbairmun of Committees, he had every confidence that Mr. Melville would perform the duties of that office impartially, ably and with credit to himself and satisfaction to the House. Mr. HURLEY Seconded the motion, as he had no other desire than to see the very best man available placed in the chair. Mr. Melville had been spoken of by his fricnd9 as being a democrat out of the chair but an autocrat iu it, and auyouc who had seen him in tho chair tmt9i have been convinced of the able way in which be bad filled the position. No one had ever occupied it who had shown a greater grasp of subjects brought under his notice from time to time than Mr. Melville had. He was not an admirer of Mr. Melville iu hie political life generally, but as regarded his fitness for the position of Chairman of Committees thero was no one now occupying a scat in the House who had shown a greater adaptability for the position of Chair man of Committees than Mr. Melville had. ("Hear, hear.") Tho motion was unanimously agreed to, and tho Speaker's announcement of Mr. Melville's election was greeted with Joud cheers. Mr. MELYILLE, in returning thanks, re marked that when he occupied the position of Chairman of Committees temporarily he endea vored to he impartial— (" hear, hear ")— and to deal out to every momber that justice to which he was entitled, and iu future he would still endeavor so to act that when the time came for him to retire from the position to which he had just had tho honor of being elected he would do so without having given occasion for com plaint as to his conduct in that office. (Cheers.) THE GOVERNMENT'S POLICY. Mr. DI13BS thought that tho Hoaso had a right to know from the head of the new Government whether be intended to explain to the House what the Government's policy would bo and the mode in which business would be conducted— what business they would bring before the House. Sir HENRY PARKES said it was hia inten tion to make a statement on the subject, but he preferred to make that statement next day, the first Government day, instead of now. Ho could then make a more complete statement than he could at present. CONDITIONAL PURCHASES .ON BAR RATTA RUN. Mr. BARBOUR moved— That a Select Committee bo appointed, with power to solid for persona ami papers, to inquire Into and report ' upon ull - conditional purchases umdo upon thu run of Barratta Oloury Rickctsou, lessee), from January, JS72. till Deiomhsr. 16B2 ; how mauy. wore lapsed or forfeited ; what became of the improve ments ; how many were converted into Improvement purchases. That such committee consist of Mr. Lyne, Mr. J. F. Abbott, Mr. Alison, Mr. Oopeland. Mr. Chapman, Mr. T. ti-. Daugar, Mr. Drunker, Mr. Hugh Taylor, Mr. Woodward, and the mover, Tho motion was agreed to. CONDITIONAL LEASES. Mr. GORMLY moved— That, In tho opinion of this House, the Government should, as early as practicable, iutrodueo a bill to amoml tho Laud Act iu such a manner that holders of conditional leases under section 52 bo allowed t-ttQ ox- teuton of lease aud a prcfcreut rijzlit to purchase a .pare of such leases, or the wholo where tho lease docs uot exceed the muximum urea allowed to ho held by a conditional leaseholder under section 48. Ho said that, although the Minister for Lands had given notice that evening that he intended to iutroduce r.a Land Bill, very properly to- provide for this as well as other amendments required in tho present Land Act, hon. members had no guarantee that that bill would become law and therefore he felt justified in asking, hon. members to express au opinion as to whether what he proposed iu this resolution was desir able, or not in the interests of the country. Ilia object was to enable holders of conditional leases to occupy as much as 2000a. aud also have a preferent right of purchase. It was de sirable that they should get au extension of lease inasmuch as most of the land thoy occupied was of a very inferior character, and they could not be expected to advantageously occupy less than the quantity of land he had specified. \Yc could not put our land to a more profitable use than to conditionally sell it. He believed that the Minister for Lands had already con sidered this question, aud that if it were left in his hands he would deal with it in a manner that would be equitable to all parts of the colony. The present Minister for Lands was of opiniou that there should be como concessions made to those leaseholders who selected land under sec tion G2. The prico had been 2d 'per acre, and when they were forced to cut the scrub and clear the land the extra cost entailed would render their holdings of little or no valuo-to them. It had been contended that tho right to purchase was never iuteuded to bo given to these leaseholders, as ouce the land was out of tho hands of tho Government they would never be able to utilise that portion which was under perpetual lease. But when It was con sidered that persons applying for land under this section had frequently to wait 12 months before their leases wore confirmed, it would be seen that somo concession Bhould in all fairness be couccdcd to them. There was no clasa of persons so good to the country as those who held small portions of land, but how could Biich men be got if the right of purchase was closed against them. . Mr. HAROLD STEPHEN said that no doubt the holders under tho 62nd section of the Act wero Buffering under a disability, but so were those who obtained grants under the 64th sec tion, "and it was from the reason that tho terms were cvon harder that very little land was taken up itndoreuch conditions." He therefore moved, as an amendment, that the following words be added to the motion :— That iu the opinion of this House -It is desirable to reliove tho holders of conditional leases under tho 64th section of tho Crown Lauds Act of IdSi from the con ditions of residence. The difficulties under which these holders labored were great— (laughter) — and while ho agreed with the purport of the motion he was certain that all those who knew anything about tho land question would agree to the amendment. Mr. A. LAKEMAN said he tvouldsupport the motion of the hou. member for Bairanuld, and 'hoped that when tho Minister for Lands brought ' forward his bill be would embody tho motion iu it. Mr. Brunker had promised the House such a clause, with the only difference that it would go further. He pointed that whereas the hold-' ings taken up under .section 52 were for 12 months, thoie uuder section 64 were for three, six and nine months, and considering this short time ho thought that the conditions were very liberal, The Actlpassed in 1884 was quite liberal euough, and although he represented a largo pastoral constituency, ho would oppose the amendment. Tho 48th clause, in hia opinion, had no right in tho Act, as it gave them power to acquire the land adjoining their holdings. Mr. WALL said that the object of the clause was to prevent inouopoly when the conditions uuder which the holdings wero taken were ful filled. Surely Don. member could see that if selectors wero allowed the right of purchasing, the adjoining landt tho object of the bill would be frustrated. It also prevented the people from selling their holdings bofore all tho condi tions Wfcr a kept, as otherwise they could not obtain their title. He wonld also point out that tho selectors wero prevented from acquir ing holdings on both aides of the water, and that was as it Bhould he. Tho water frontages of the colony would have to be protected, and ho hoped that the Minister would bear that iu mind when he was framing the bill. Holdings bad been f requentlydakeu up on both sides of the water, although supposed to be prevented by the Act. Mr. CRICK did not intend to say much, be cause ho accepted the statement of the Minister for Lands in regard to the motion. Ho would not support the amendment— not that he disap proved of it, but because bo thought it wont too far into details, and this was not the timo to go into details. What was wanted was au amending bill dealing mora broadly with tho principle# of the Act. If the Govern ment were to bring iu a bill amending every little detail in the Act of 1384, hon. members would have a see'iiou extending far beyond the limits of this year, Ai he understood that the Minister for Lands would accept the motion moved by Mr. Gormly, he (Mr. Crick) was pre pared to accept that assurance and not. to further occupy the time of .the House. (" Hear, hear.") Mr. CRUICKSHANK would support the motion. He wauted to ice the land settled under lenelio!d and not under a syetemof pur chase. (" Hear, hear.") Mr. DIB US asked the Minister for Lands to intimate that he would introduce the sense of tho refiolntion in thenew bill Mr. DRUNKER said it wa9 hia Intention to i' ftl with this matter In ft manner whioh would believed, meet Mr. Gormly's views ; and, therefore, be hoped tbat both the motion and the amendment would be withdrawn. Mr. GORMLY wonld not withdraw the motion, because tbey had no' assurance that the bill would bo psssod The amendment was negatived and the motion carried on tho voices. HARBOR AT LAKE MACQUARIE. , A petition was presented by Mr. suther land in favor of a bill for the construction of n harbor and port at Lake Macquarie, in the county of Camden. The petitiou was received. BACON AND BUTTER DUTIES. Mr. J. P. ABBOTT rose to move — That la the opinion of this House the Govern ment should, without any delay, bring in a bill to remove the duties now imposed upon bacon, butter, cheese aud kerosene Imported Into the colony. Mr. M'MILLAN suggested that as. be hoped to make his financial statement that day week this motion, which concerned the revenues of the colony, might be postponed for a fortnight. (Opposition laughter and cries of "Ob, oh.") Mr. ABBOTT, in moviug the motion, claimed tbat he was quite consistent in the course of action he had taken with regard to this subject. Two years ago he spoke, and, he thought, voted, too, iu favor of a remission of these duties; but the Government on tbat occasion— the Partes' Government— rather than ran the risk of defeat, withdrew the motion from the busi ness paper. If we were to have frectrado at all let us have this f reetrado pnre and simple. At present a freetrade Government were obtain ing revenue from protective duties, and at the same timo going about the country praising the " glories of freetrade." How was it that tho Premier daring the many occasions on which be had been Colonial Secretary had not removed these duties ? The farmers in the IUnwarra district pro claimed themselves freetraders white tbey were actually reaping the benefits of pro tection, which they denied to others But when they got a monopoly of protection upon their own produce tho southern farmers appeared to adopt a rest-and-be-thankfnl policy, and now they were disinclined to give to their fellow workers the benefits by which they them selves have profiled so largoly. When the fathers of the hay and corn party proposed tbat these duties, under a freetrade Government, should be introduced into the tariff, he refused at first to voto for them and voted, 'rather against his own inclination, |in favor of tho tnx, because theBe farmers once having the benefits of protection for themselves would, he was assured, not grant the same rights to their fcl- low-men throughout the colony. If freetraders were thorough believers in the virtues of freetrade, let it bo all-round freetrade. (Opposition applause.) Let them go on with direct taxation, with a land tax, with & pro perty tnx, nbolith protectivo duties in freetrade tariffs, let their Customhouses to other tenants, and tarn their Custom-house officers into school attendance officers. (Laughter.) It these duties were good to tho country and tho people Who had benefited by them, it was a question if they should not go a step further.' If they carried the principle far enough, how many men would they turn out of employment who wero now employed in consequence of the imposition of these duties ? There was recently a meeting at Kogarah at which a young and verdant member of that House (Mr. Fuller) attended. On tbat occasion he had expressed an opinion that it whs desirable that these duties should be abolished. Afterwards,! however, no doubt coached by his more astute brother members, be saw nt to write to the press explaining his position, and endeavored to creep out of the difficult position iuto which be had placed himself by writing a letter of apology for the speech he had made at Kogarab. In that letter Mr. Fuller stated that his (Mr. Abbott's) motion waa objectionable, although at Kogarab Mr. Fuller had promised to vote for such a measure if it were introduced. In that letter Mr. Fuller said that his (Mr. Abbott's)' action was au attempt to harass the Govern ment. (Ministerial cheers.) He would &9k how a resolution like that be would ask them to adopt could be regarded as an attempt to liarrass tho Government? The Government came in on tho cry of freetrade, and when his (Mr. Abbott's) motion was in consonance with freetrade Mr. Fuller considered the resolution would be an attempt to harass the Government. Mr. Fuller also spoke pf the resolution as an at tempt to block useful legislation. Tho truth of this statement might bo judged by the fact tbat he bad proposed the resolution on a night always devoted to business by private members. Ho bad purposely brought forward that resolution on a night devoted to business initiated by private members so that tho Government could not - say that on the first night devoted to Government business they were met with what they might construe into a hostile resolution. Thoy had among their Standing Orders an order that any members endeavoring to bring in a re solution intercepting Supplies could not do so except by a resolution of the House. 'They had had enough members on bis 6ide pf the House to ensure that a resolution for intercepting Supplies would have been successful if they had desired to do so. Tho youthful member for Kiama had seen another Kiama ghost — (laughter)— and had imagined that he (Mr. Abbott) intended to block useful legislation. The southern farmers bad a duty of 2d per lb., 'or. 30$ per cont., on bacon. By protection thoy throve ; but yet it appeared that, while protected themselves, thoy refused to admit the benefits of protection to others By these protective duties they built up their welfare. A Voice : Nonsense. Mr. ABBOTT : A member of the law-and- order party said " Nonsense 1" Mr. wILSHIRE, on a point of order, appealed to iho chair. (Great laughter.) Mr. ABBOTT : I said that an exclamation of nonsense came from one of the leaders of the law-and-order party. (Great laughter.) Tho SPEAKER : The hon. member for Weutworth denies that he mode use of any expression not in order. Mr. "Wilshire here rose again to speak, but was. interrupted by shouts of laughter, aud spoke in dumb show for some time. Mr. ABBOTT explained that he bad heard an exclamation, " Nonsense," and said It had come from one of the loaders of the law-and-order party. He bad not meant the hon. member for Canterbury, (Laughter.) He was informed the remark was made by the hou. member for Murigec, Mr. Haynes. He willingly apologised to Mr. Wilshire for calling him a leader of law and order. (Laughter.) Regarding the duties, on biscuits, the present dnty of Id a pound made biscuits cheaper and better than they wero before tho duty was imposed, and gave employment to thousands of people both iu Sydney and Newcastle. The duty of Id per pouud waa equal to 25 per cent, on the imported article, With regard to butter, tjhere was a duty of Id per pound, or 20 per cent. The ine qualities in the tariff generally were similar to those he had spoken of, and regarding most of these articles the importers had acted the part of monopolists in times past, and the public had to pay through the nose as they had to do with regard to the jute woolpacks when tho importers charged them what.they liked. 'With regard to kerosene, tho duty on that was also protective and was included In the terms of his resolution. He had once imagined that the shale and oil companies were non-dividend- payiug companies, but lately he had ascortained that, one of them had paid Gs 3d per share out of its profits. We imported into this colony in 1888 G91, 1481b, of cheese, of tbo value of £20,643. We exported in tho same year 214,9521b. the produco of the colony, of the value of £4290, and 85,4231b, of cbe value of £2615, or a total value of £6905. The colony consumed 18,7361b. of cheese in tho Bnme year. Would anyone tell him that if it bad not been' for that large duty of 83 per cent, which was imposed upon cheese we would have had any cheese at all pro duced in this colony ? He eaid it to the discredit of our farmers, that in every part of tho country they wero the most slovenly class of farmers in the Australian group, so far as he knew. There were very few farmers in this country who made the earth yield what it was capable of yielding. (" Hear, hear.") There was very little eapital invested by the farmers, and who blamed them? They dare not invest their capital, or capitalists dare not assist them, because they .had no certain markets for their produce. You go amongst tbo farmers of tho south- coast district and iuto the Hunter River district and other parts of the colony and those men would tell you with pride what they had done on the land — how they went on it ns laborers and had acquired the fee simple ; thej were au industrious class, but they had no more notion of higltclass farming than of making a highway to the sun. Give them their own markets and they would go in for a better class of cultivation. " Tbank God this drought had come," ho had heard a farmer say: "It is our heighday, a drought in the interior; we can then get a price for our produce that under no circum stances can we otherwise got." The farmers would bo.better off with a certain, continuous and regular markot rather than an intermittent market such as at present and rather than getting high prices at a time of drought, if they were getting even prices from season to season by reason of their own markets. Would anyone tell him that it would not bo better for our farmers to havo their own markets entirely for thoir produce— to know for a certainty tbat those markets were open to them and they were not to be glutted by im ports from foreign countries? Iu 1885 wo im ported into this country 1, 039,9721b. of bacon and hams of the value of £49,615, Wo ex ported in the same period 28,7071b., the produce of tho colony and 112,8061b., of tbo total value of £6100. The colony consumed in that year 43.9611b. of bacon and hams. If there was one commodity which entered into the consumption of the poorer classes in this . country it most- certainly was bacon and ham, and if their breakfast table was to be made a cheap break fast table, why in the name of all that wns sensible) aud reasonable according to tho free- trade theorist should those duties be allowed to remain fon one. day? He claimedj'for the Opposition side of the House that while many members would not vote with him on this resolution they would, he thought, thank him for having, afforded them an oppor tunity of aho'vnng the absurd tariff a freatrudo Government was prepared to accept. In 1887 Sir Henry Parkos said "I will plant the flag of freetrade in every olectorato in thiB country," | and he did so aud came back with a minority of 1 40 ; but what did he do to take these duties off ? They were afraid of tho farmers, and they allowed the existing state of things to drift on, nnd yet they charged the protectionists with trying to make the poor man's table a dear breakfast table, while they stood by as a Government and allowed- his breakfast table to be made dear by forcing them to consnrao nearly £60,000 worth of imported bacon which had a duly upon it of 2d a pound, or equal to 88$ per cent. If tho freetraders were consistent and earnest, and if they were truthful to their principles, they would not allow theso duties to remain on one moment ; they would not allow auv duties to remain on which would have tho eflfect of mnkingSanythiug dearer to the con sumer than it would be if the duties were taken off. "Wo imported Into this oolony In 1883 1,782,548 gallons of kerosene oil, of the value of £93,313. Would anyone tell him that if the importers could haro commanded the markets they would not hare made tho consumers of kerosene oil pay through tho nose for every drop they con sumed ? But by reason of the local industry they did not command the markets. In every case where the importers could command tho markets thoy would make their customers pay dearly for what they had from them ; and who could blame them ? But what was the good of thoir prating about tho protectionist manu facturers doing exactly what they were doing themselves ? Ho was told that in Sew York kerosene was worth 6d and four-fifths of a penny per gallon. Thero was 6d a gallon dnty on it here, and 'then of course there was the cost of bringing and landing it here. Did we find biscuits were made dearer by the 26 per cent, duty imposed on them ? On the contrary, wc found that industry springing up and maintaining a large population in the ' district wbere it was carried on. To snra up this matter shortly : In protected Victoria.they had aduty of 2d a pound on bacon and in freetrade New South Wales we had the same duty; in Victoria there, was.a duty of 2d a pound oil butter in New South W ales Id ; cheese, in New South Wales 2d, in Victoria 2d ; biscuits 2d in Victoria and Id in New South Wales ; keroseuo oil 6d in Victoria and the,satce in New South Wales. The duty on butter and clieeso from 1871 to 1873 amounted to £5134. A duty of 2d was put on cheese in 187C, and in Sydney, only np . to 1880, £10,862 was paid, whilst for " tho wholo colony np to 18S0 £35,418, or a total of £46,275, was wrung out of tho pockets of tho people by frectrado Governments 1 A dutv of 25 or 30 per cent, was not a freetrado tariff. That duty had built up the farmers of the Illawarra district to the same extent that the Government nursing was likely to build up the farmers of Mudgce. Mr. HAYNES : There is no nursing for the farmers of Mudges which is not given to any one else. Mr. J. P. ABBOTT : Thero is pauperism for them, .which is worse. Tho total duty on bacon and hams from tho time when it was first im posed up to 1888 was £91,761, and on butter £22,295. He justified himself in the course ho had taken. Protectionists said, " We must bavo protection as a whole, or not at all," and free traders could do no less, but must say, " You are not going to baild up one industry at the expenoo of other industries. If it is goad to foster and take care of one industry, it is equally good to foster and tako care of other industries." He was responsible to his constituents alone for the course he would take in this House, and he would uever take a course in this House which would bring discredit either on his constituency or the country. He would tako a' course- in the best interests of the country. He did not cave if this reoolution was. carried or not. He would vote for it if it wero voted on. He had attained his end if he had shown tho utter ahsurdUy of the freetrade farmers of the Illawarra district and the inconsistency of the Government in allowing these duties to remain on. He would call for a divisioa with re gard to this resolution, and would record his vote iu favor of it even if he stood alone, and he was quite aur9 that tbo country, would recognise what ho was doing was a matter of principle consistent with tlm prin ciples he advocated. Ho would record his vote in favor of the taking off of these duties and let tho people of the country feel how thoroughly dependent they wero ou the protec tion of native industries for the very labor which they got. As soou as the Illawarra farmers found that they were not fostered and taken care of by tho Government they would recognise that the principle of protection was a sound one and was the only one that would find con stant avenues of labor for the people of this country. What was tho nse of settling tho people on the land if the product of their labor would not sell? A district to prosper must be inhabited by manufacturers as well as farmers, so that the" railway could carry its load both ways. The farmers were continually asking, the Government to remit a large percentage of the haulage charges on grain ; but the railways belonged to tho whole country, and must be made to pay interest on the capital. Ho was aware that the railways would 'not pay until the people are settled on the land, and not all living in Sydney. He mightbo charged with inconsistency, but bo had given the freetraders a chance to 'support the policy which they advocated. If the country was to have free- trade let it have freetrade, and not a policy which was neither one thing nor the other. In conclusion, the speaker called upou the free traders to support the resolution. Mr. M'MILLAN thought that most hon. members would -agree with him that Mr. Abbott's change of front in tabling tbe motion and the speech he had made when advocating it did not tend to raise his status' in the public mind. Tho hon. member had preached a long, prosy sermon on the abolition oi certain. duties which had been placed upon produco by a pro tectionist Government. Coming as it did from an ex-Minister of the Crown and a man who had held oflico under a Govermueut .advocating protection it was naturally expected that it would have that logical consistency to keep within (the four corners of the resolution at least. But it hud wound up by an attack upon tho railways of tbe colony and allusions ' to nearly every question of the day. It would be necessary for him to bring them back to tho proper point at issue before they could possibly understand tbe.drift of the speech that had just been uttered. He would admit that there are mauy duties in tho preseut tariff which could hardly bo classed as freetrade ones, but they had exioted during the tenure of the last Govern ment and also the two previous ones. The hon. member had twitted the Government with being frightened to remit these duties, but he would ask the House to look back some years, when they would Bee that he (tho speaker) had voted against the imposition of these ivory taxes which were proposed to be remitted. (Cheers.) The leader of the Oppo sition had also been opposed to tho imposition of the duties and had been a staunch enemy of tbem. The last Government had taken off a large number of duties, and ho contendod that the present tariff of the colony stood unique among tbe freotrude ones of the world. (Up roar and cheers.) They had also when remitting these duties to take into con sideration tbo enormous and increasing deficit of the country, and this was the only reason why many duties were not abo lished. It was a hard and fast rule among financiers that no source of revenue should bo curtailed until they had other means of obtain ing money, and in view of that tho Government were forced to allow tbe duties to remain. . He could asBuro the House thac when tho time came to deliver the policy which is right for u freetrade Government to holdfiho would rise in his place and expound them to the smallest point: but it was not right aud proper to table,! a motion which had for Its object th« forcing of a policy. He did not, however, object to the resolution of the honorable member for Went- wortb, and the Government would take up the position into which«the Opposition had forced them— (uproar and cheers) — aud he would call upon freetraders in tho House that night to vote for the resolution. (Re newed uproar.) His honorable friend had a great deal of ability, but he wns tbe very last man in tbat Houso whom he .(the speaker) would consult with regard to any. fiscal qneBtion. When the late election was takiug place Mr. Abbott had gone over the whole country like a jack-in-a-box, thuuderiug out hia views on the policy of the country, and grumbling at the press for not reporting his wonderful utterances. Ho did not think that any other member in the House would have tabled that motion until the whole of ':v.c free- trade policv was brought up and debated upon, but Mr. Abbott had proved that the ouly object he had in proposing such a measure was to embarrass tbe Government. The question of freetrado and protection had been argued so often that ho would not discuss it again. Every man in that House was pledged one way or the other, so he would only be wasting time by referring to It. lie would, hoA- ever, Bay that tbo preeent tariff hnd its inconsistencies, aud these were not in ac cordance with the policy of freotradc, but if they were inconsistent then how muebjimoro so was the protectionist who moves for their abolition ? (Ministerial cheers.) Iu justice to the farmers of tho country, however, he would say that it was not fair to abolish one class of duties nnd keep other#. Tho duties proposed to bo remitted ou butler, cheer and bacon were placed there to protect farmers, and it waa the duty of the freetrade party, in view of the fact that the imposition of euch a tax failed in its object, to remit them along with mauy others. There was no doubt that the poor man of tho country suffered from the effect of theso duties. The duty on tea was imposed because it was considered a luxury of the rich, but uow it was considered a necessary article for the poor man and it fihoulu be remitted. (Chccrajaud uproar.) The mover of the motion had also stated that freetrade favored monopoly, and this very utteranco proved that he did not kuow what ho was talking about. If he was ns good a financier as ho was a lawyor ho would kuow tbat open c»mpetition.brcnk8 down all monopoly, and it is only under a protectivo tariff that rings can exist. In conclusion, tbo speaker called upon Lbo freetraders to vote for the resolution and be true to the principles npon which they had been elected. Mr. ALEXANDER BROWN aald tbat ho was mre that, while Mr. Abbott bad been. moved with & desire to help his party, he had nevertheless placed them iu a >vcry peculiar position. . It was eomewhat inconsistent with the policy of the protection party to udvocato tbo abolition of tho duties upon bacon, cheese and butter, and bo therefore moved tho follow ing amendment That all tbo words after "that;" bo omitted, with tho virfw of the insertion of the following : "Tbat, inasmuch ns tho duties nt present levied upon butter, bacon, chtcso and kerosene are of a protective character, aud their eoilcotioa hitherto has en couraged tho production of theso commodities within our owu borders, this Houso having regard to tho great ndranco made by tho principles of protection ns manifested in the result of tho lust general etoo- tion, is of opinion that tho said duties are an instal ment of tho protective policy, and as suoh should nwuit a systematic revision of tho tariff in tho direc tion of that policy. Mr. FULLER said that he had been returned in the frectrado interest and was surprised at a man of Mr.' Abbott's ability giving uttercnco 'to such misstatements as tbey hnd heard that evening. He dcuied that the farmers of his district were a "alovculy lot," and character ised them ns the hardest- working men iu the colony. The south coast district, had struggled long against the low prices of produce, but owing to the persovering spirit of its ' population it was now prosperous and thriving. Mr. WOODWARD stated tbat the mem ber for Wentworth had also insulted his constituents in referring to them as a "slovenly lot." Tho majority of the popula tion in his district were farmers and he was euro that a harder-working class of men wonld be hard to find. Mr. LINSLEY also took exception to many of the remarks made by Mr. Abbott. Mr. H. CLARKE said that he conld under no circumstances vote for the motion, and conld not see how any protectionist should even be asked to do so. The taxes on that produce bad been imposed by Sir James Martin's Govern ment in 1871, with a view of relieving the con dition of the farmers, who were mostly free selectors, and if compelled to giveup their hold ings wonld have been ruined. Ho would support tho amendment, and 'thonght tbat every protectionist should do the same. He would b.o very happy to support the amend ment of his friend Mr. Brown. Mr. MORTON said that tho hem. member for Wentworth did not wish theso deities taken off, and quoted the iccent remarks of) the hon. mem ber for Wentworth at Mittagonj; to show the motivo which had suggested Mr. Abbott's action. When, however, it was aeon thati the Treasurer was not disinclined to take theydutics off, the hon. member for Newcastle (Mn. Brown) came forward with his amendment.- He (Mr. Mor ton) was not going to vote nor Mr. Brown's amondmcnt, but would roto straight for tbo motion of Mr. Abbott. Tbe position of the Opposition in ttiia matter was; like tliRt of a regiment who had been boxed by a blundering subaltern, and who were ordeced by an ex perienced non-commissioned officer (Mr. Brown) in the familiar words "As yott were." The farmers of tho sonth coast wero quite willing to have all these duties taken off, in preference to, have further protection, and ;he, as a free trader, iutemled to voto for Mr. Abbott's motion. Mr. H. COPELAND could hot: voto for the motion. It was a crosa-eycd motion altogether. (Laughter.) He came of a canny race that believed in half a loaf being better than no bread. He wonld fight tooth and nail to retain every dnty ot a protectivo nature. Theso duties had, ho believed, done an incalculable amount of good to the farmers of the south coast. The farmers ' of Victoria were miles ahead of - tbe farmers of New South Wales. Tbe farming population of Victoria, of New Zealand and all other protected countries had uojfeur of putting their plough inio the ground, as was the case with the farmers of New South Wales. Instead of tilling a few acres of land, like the farmers of Now South Wales, they had no fear of cultivating hundreds of acrcB 'of land,, because they knew they would get a market for their produce. They bad heard from the freetrade side of tbe House regarding tho poor western farmers of America, but iu ono year these poor farmers had exported to other countries 'produce to the amount of '20 i mil lions sterling, besides supplying their local markets. There was iscarccly any country in the world bo hampered, so far as the farming interest wns concerned, as was New South Wales. It would not pay the farmers to send their produco to the Sydney market. Last yoar in his electorate hundreds of tons of bay rotted because they could not competo with tho markets on the Bcnboard. He was perfectly certain that iff another year or two New South Wales would be able to give effect to a protective policy. Why should tbey iujnre the protectionists of the south coast Bimply t# punish the so-called freetrade but really protected farmers at Illawarra. These latter people cared nothing but for their own Belfish interests. The producers of ham, bacon and cheese generally were protectionists. In Eden let Sir Henry Parkes or any other freetrader contest that protectionist, electorate against Mr. Clarke or Mr. Garvnn. He hoped that both the amendment and motion would be withdrawn, so that no injury would be done by protectionists to a protectionist electorate. He should like to sc6 a regular debate on tbo subject on tbe Treasurer's budget proposals rather than have the debate of xhat night ou Mr. Abbott's proposals. The protectionists had the courage of their opiriious, aud were always prepared, to uso the uticlcaeyed phrase, to sneak in a little protection, wherever they had a chance. The freetrader during the elections of two years ago, were to sweep away tho last vestiges of protection, bat they were untrue to their Uustiugs pledges. They bad 40 of a majority, and could have swept away these duties if thoy liked. At the present moment there was not a single industry in New South Wales that wob iu 'a flourishing condi tion except the industries fostered by protection passed by a freetrade Government and main tained by a freetrade Government;. Mr. STREET : No. Mr. COPELAND : Will Mr. Street have tho courage of his opinions, and vote for the re peal of the 6d. per gallon dnty ? (Laughter.) Will he say that the kerosene industry is in a worse position than it would be if it were not protected ? He (Mr. Copelnnd) paused for a reply. He had only spokcu because he was opposed to voting for a resolution that would do away iu a measure with the benefits of protoo- tiou to an important community. Mr. TONKIN thought that the bringing in of a motion such as had been brought forward by the hon. member for Went worth was a moot inconsistent and' con temptible position to' take up. In doing so, Mr. Abbott might be called the king of inconsistency. It was clear tbat tbe motives which had actuated him had been spleen to two young members, but the attompt had tailed, and these young members wore soen to have the courage of their opinions and were prepared to act up to. their principles as freetraders. They had a great deficit and great expenditure and were thoy now, simply at tbo dictation of the hon. member for Went worth, to cast away a largo proportion of tbe revenue of the country? why did not Mr. Abbott, when ho was a member of a lata Government, more for the abolition of theso duties? (" Hear, hear.") He, as a freetrader, should vote for tlio motion of the hon. member for Wentworth, and he dared any member of tho Opposition to vote in its favor. ("Hear, hear.") Mr. O'SULLIVAN! pointed out that tinder protection commodities wore cheaper. Mr. ALFRED ALLEN regarded tho resolu tion as stupid ; it was a sham resolution and a political Insult. Mr. EDMUNDS said that whatever the object of Mr. Abbott, tho result of; bis resolution would be good. It would test those so-called freetraders who represented people who while professing freetrado were enjoying the benefits of. protectory who were freetrade in intellect, but fouud protection agreeable to their pilates. Theyjreminded him of. the story of the Roman Catholic who justified his habit of dining on. Fridays by' saying that ho was a very good Catholic, - but : hnd a hor rible Protestant appetite. (Laughter.) He did not intend to voto for tbe motion. Perhaps Mr. J. P. Abbott might be able to justify it to his conscience. Ho (Mr. Edmunds) could not do that. He intended to vote tor the amend ment. ("Hear, hear.") Mr. BEAVEIt considered, that throughout their career the late Parkes Government acted disgracefully in regard to this matter. Ho \- would support the motion. Mr. HAYNES conteudcd that, the position of tbo farmers of New South Wklcswas to be bettered, not by protection, bnt'by tho adoption of better implements, machiucry and leas op pressive rates of railway freight, Mr. DOWEL moved tho adjournment of the debato. Mr. CRICK did not see what good was to bo gained by tbe adjournment of -the debate. After further discussion. Mr.. ABBOTT re plied. The adjournment motion was negatived on the voices. Tho amendment of Mr. Brown was thon put and a division taken with the result that the amondmeut was negatived by 62 to 44. Ou tho original motion tho division was— ayes 61, noes 45. » Following is the division list, the only dif ference between the two divisions being that Mr. Green, who voted against the amendment, crossed over and voted against tho original motion.:-— ATK3, 61, Sir Henry Parkes Mr. Ingila Mr. Lees All. Al'Alillau li. Taylor Holborow JJruco Smith Play/air ' Ball O'Conuor Bowman Teeco Gould Hutchinson Plumb; lirunkor Garland It old- Nobba Shepherd Hawken SydnoyBmith "Wiltshire King Paul Martin llitohio Carruthors Mitchell Beo J.P.Abbott ,8troc6 Sutherland Cullen liayuet JlawtUoriiuv Purdekla \ M'Court ; W. Stephen Scaver liarue# Cooko Moreton Allen A'Bockott W, li Abbott'' Eooblo ,Y. G. &, Dangar Woodward KORS, 45. Mr.D. Copland Mr. ilyrle Mr. Haves Chanter Hlattery O'Stillivnn Lyne Traill Hutchison MvKurland Barnes I)lbb3 Dnlton Gonnly Hogan Crulckshiuk ' Kicoll Tornoy Grceu Dawson Walker Btokffl IL Oopeland Willis A. Brown, Dr. lloss llowo l'crguson Mr, T. Joues Creer Maorao ; Crlok If. Clarke 1'orry iKwing Fitzgerald Can# Barbour Stevousoa Wright M'&iuuon; Xdmunds n, Stephen Hasscll Tcllors' rAlltflj— For : Moleswortb, R. 1). Wilkinson, Joseph Abbott, Tonkin, Clubb, F. Smith, Garrard, Lnmn, Turner, Garrett, F. Farnel), Against : Wnddell, All- son, Garvau, Fletcher, Toohoy, Fuller, ,Jobu Wilkin son, Gough, Culls, Molvillo, Urahaine. 