The Advertiser. MOKDAY, JANUARY 28, 1889. The programme of ordinary business for the Federal Council which meets at Hobart to-morrow Is not a very long one. A Fisheries Bill is to be Introduced by the representative of Western Austzalia similar In every respect to that passed at the last session of the Council la the Interests of Queensland, its object being to protect the fishing industry of the western colony. A Companies Bill of a similar character to the one which was introduced two years ago and allowed to lapse because of certain objections will also be submitted, with amendments designed to obviate what was found fatal to the former measure. If this were all that the Council has to do those who per* sistently discredit it might find In the meagreness of the programme some suppcrt for their contention as to its want of usefulness. Bat we shall be much mistaken If the business is confined within the narrow limits indicated. A subject of far greater im portance than either of the two matters just referred to Is connected with Austral asian interests hi the Pacific. Just now the disturbances in Bamoa are attracting a huge amount of attention, and the action of the German authorities in that group of islands may very appropriately come under review. The comparative apathy with which Australians have re gardtd these proceedings has occasioned some surprise. Against the high-handed coDdnct of the French in dealing with the New Hebrides our protests were loud, emphatic, and Incessant, but there has not been any such demonstration on Saicoan affairs. Perhaps one reason may be that we are naturally Inclined to be more reticent when Germans are concerned than we are when we have to deal with Frenchmen, because there Is a much larger proportion of the former among us. It Is not altogether that re are af raid of wounding their susceptibilities, but they are on terms of closer relationship with us. Yet Australia has as much cause to object to German as to French aggression in the Pacific. The authorities of the United States have expressed themselves unmistakably on this subject to the Court of Berlin, and the Federal Council of Australasia will not do its duty If It ignores the subject. The clause of the Imperial Act empowering the Council to deal with it Is vague, but nevertheless the powers conveyed are extensive. The Act confers on the federal body legislative authority In respect to the relations of Australasia with the Islands of the Pacific, and apparently this includes most important functions. Under the clause provision, It has been suggested, might be made for arrang ing treaties with foreign Powers which have possessions among the islands eo far as those possessions are concerned, or en tering into commercial and political rela tions with the Islands themselves, which might be tantamount to establishing a protectorate. We have no idea that the Council will strain its power so far as to provoke a veto from Downing-street, but at this juncture It cannot afford to let them lie altogether in abeyance. Vet more important still, having regard to the future, is tha subject of the con stitution of the Coaucll itali, which will necea?arily come onder di?casdoa. The expectation is pretty general that the tesoit will be to broaden Its basis, and so tender it both mote efficient and popular as the Tbible embodiment of colonial union. The provision In the Federal Council Act for representation runs as follows :— " Each colony shall be represented in the Council by two members, except in the cue of Crown colonies, which shall be re presented by one member each. Her Majesty, at the request of the Legislatures of the colonies, may by Order-ln-Cooncll from time to time increase the number of representatives for each colony." Another clause states that the Legislature of any colony may make such provision as it thinks fit for the appointment of the re presentatives of that colony, and for de termining the tenure of their office. No donbt the latitude allowed by the latter dame and the limited character of the representations originally provided for have had a great deal to do with the atti tude this colony has till lately maintained. It has been felt that for anything like a Federal Parliament the constitution of the Council was too narrow and Its character too indeterminate. This argu ment has been advanced again and again, and those who hare used it have paid scant regard to the obvious intention of the Im perial Government to leave the colonies as free a hand as possible in shaping their future course. The Act was necessarily tentative, bnt it Imposes no obstacle to the enlargement of the Council when that is found necessary and practicable, and leaves the question of representation to be settled by the colonies themselves. Hitherto almost all that the Federal Council has done has been to sup ply means for bringing the colonies Into direct and formal relations with each other. Its functions axe so limited by its Act, and its power so restricted by sonas of the colonies keeping aloof, that of use ful work it has not thus far had much t< > show ; but the next session may be ex pected to initiate a new departure. The Adopting Act passed by our Parliament last session expressly contemplated this. It was passed for a period of little more than two years, e<> that unless what is held to be desirable is carried into effect the connection of South Australia with the Council may not be re newed after its expiration by eiflaxion of time. The lines on which, so far as is known, our Parliament desires reform to proceed are indicated by the provision in the Adopting Act that representative! in future shall be elected by the Legislative Council and Home of Assembly and hold office for one year. It is ia this manner that the representatives of this colony will be appointed for the second year, and the provision indicates the principle to which effect should be given in a uniform system of representation appli cable to all the colonies. Up to the pre sent time the delegates have aloaoat in variably been selected from the Ministries of the several colonies, and this cannot be regarded as a permanently satisfactory arrangement. A notable exception is pre sented this year by Queensland, one of the representatives from that colony being Sir Samuel Griffith, the leader of the Opposition; bat even with this innovation the true representative ele ment is not aufndently conspicuous. We hare no doubt that the representatives from this colony will adopt means to give effect to the views that have been so freely expressed here, and there is good reason to believe that they will find general favor. It is fortu nate that the aervioss of the Attorney- General, whose skOl as a draftsman has woo for fatm so high a reputation la dealing with other matters, will be avail able on thiM occasion. With the protpect of a change in the temper and attitude of New South Wales, and the general dis position to favor what ia so manifestly desirable In the direction of reform, there Is ground for the belief that the imme diate result of the meeting of the Council will be rapid progress in the work of Australian federation. The Prime Minister of England, on m recent memorable occasion, referred to a Parsee candidate for Parliamentary honors a* "a black man." And he added that England wu scarcely prepared for that Of coarse a Panee is not" a black man." The contemptuous re* ference, which has given great offence in India, and which, coming from the Prime Minister, was as impolitic as absurd, might well have been spired. The Patsees are a superior class, and hare •hown in the past the most practical sympathy with Englishmen and English rale. Bnt though the taste of Lord Salisbury's remark was execrable, he was right In principle. If a membsr of Parliament were simply a member of Parliament, that is, as Carlyle would say a constituent atom of a talking shop, there might be room for a Parsee or any Baboo. Bat a member of Parliament is that, and a great deal more. Whether he sits In the House of Commons, or In either House of a colonial Parliament, he Is first and foremost a representative of the people. Even la the cue of a nominee Legislative Council he partakes of the nature of a representative. In South Australia thisprlndple is most thoroughly, recognised. The reform In the original constitution of our Legislative Council had the object of making that body more directly representative, while one of the main argument* for payment of members is that it enables a constituency to be re represented, if It so pleases, by a man chosen from amongst its electors. This, which we may for convenience term direct representation, was at one time re cognised as the corner stone of the Parlia mentary temple. Constituencies selected and elected one of themselves to represent them at Westminster, or wherever else Parliament was summoned In the days when session was a movable feast, and paid him for his services. Residence In the constituency Is no longer a legal qualification. But payment of members, where it exists, has a tendency, In practice, to restore this condition. It is hardly to be supposed that oven the most extreme preacher of the "Am not I a man and a brother '(" school would consider a young Parsee lawyer the proper representative of Englishmen in an English House of Commons. One of the most remarkable traits of English character is a tendency to believe that their own Institutions, which am the growth of centuries, are hereditary, and are racial, can be applied as an infallible specific to any people and place. A school of doctrinaires has lately arisen which regards India as ripe for Parliamentary government. Lord DoSierln, in what may be considered a par*, tag address at the St. Andrew's Day diiiaer at Calcutta, lisa esp wed the utter fallacy of such an Idea. Hindoo mythology contemplates the earth as supported by an elephant, and the elephant arresting on a tortoise, and the tortoise as suspended In apace. The theory of Parliamentary role in India has not even the frail support which fable accords to the elephant. Like the tortoise it has nothing substantial under it. Parliamentary rule requires a population welded and amalgamated, with common .Interests, common principles, common wants, common Ideas. In all this India is wanting. It ia not a ques tion of arguing for or against representa tive government. The question is whether India presents a field where representative government could be introduced and worked with success. It is an insult to representative govern ment to compare it with what a very small section of the population of India, backed op by some few English doctrinaires, would bring about. What they wanb is a theory which would apply to some few natives educated at schools and universities es tablished by English rule, and which would not apply to over two hundred millions of people. Lord Dufferin ha? done a good work in enabling public opinion to form a right conclusion. India, It must be remembered, is the home not of one nationality, or like the United Kingdom of four, but of a multitude of nationalities, divided by a hundred languages, by a variety of religions, rites, habits, prejudices, so ancient, ingrained, acd.inveterate that it is no exaggeration to say that some of these nationalities are more widely removed from others than they are from their English rulers. Over and above the 240 millions of Hindoos and Mahometans which constitute British India, there are no less than 117 native states for which the Viceroy of India is responsible. It is obvious that if such a heterogeneous mass is to be under one rule that rule must be the rule of an Imperial foreign race, which shows no favoritism for any one nationality or re ligion, and which knows that its own security entirely depends on equal justice to all, and on the belief on the part of the subject races of the superiority and im partiality of the governing race. The state of India Is on the whole a pretty conclu sive proof that English rule is so regarded. It was preceded by centuries of misrule and mlf government. English rule Is des jtotic There is no use in disguising the fact. But it la not that "happy accl dent,1' an individual beneficent despot, as a Russian Emperor described himself ; it is the despotism exercised by high-minded rulers in the interests of the governed, for whom no other form of rule Is suit able. The cry for (Parliamentary govern ment proceeds from a fraction of a frac tion of the population. To the mass it Is absolutely unintelligible. If India as a whole were ripe for representative Insti tutions the days of British rule would be numbered, not by years or months, but by week* and days. India contains native rulers and native statesmen who thoroughly understand the true interests of India and England, and, moreover, can weigh the conseqoenoes of some other European] Power lntrigulog successfully against English rule. Frem not one of these, Lord Dufferin informs us, is any support given to the movement for Parliamentary rale. Lard Dufferin ■dminiatered the Government of Canada with conspicuous success, and left it with the highest reputation for hia thorough under standing and conscientious appreciation of constitutional government. The Viceroy very clearly shows how utterly unconsti tutional Is the present [schema. It would create a representative body—with the official element in the minority—having the power of the purse, with the British Bxecutive subject to its will. The essence of constitutional government is that power and "responsibility remain in the same hands. The Baboo scheme would give a native Council, which could not like a con atitntlonal Opposition be callsd to account, with the power to arrest legislation, and to nullify the acts and policy of a British Executive. The naked absurdity of the scheme is self-evident. It is about 30 years since the present system of educa tion was. inaugurated in India. The native gentlemen who are the agitators for Indian Home Rule are the products of the system. Out of some 200 millions sor 0 per cent, can read and write. Less than 1 per cent, has any knowledge of English; consequently, speaking in ronnd numbers, of 10 or 12 millions who have had any education, three-fourths hare only the most elementary knowledge. In <;l yean the numbers which hare graduated at the Indian universities is lees than 8,000. This ont of the whole population constitutes what may be termed the proportion competent to take an intelligent view of such a deep and vital question of statesmanship. But it would be far too much to assume that all Indian graduates are equal to the problem. The movement has its con gress, and the principal secretary baaits that the congress holds in its hands the key of popular insurrection and military revolt. It must be remembered that the responsibility which England has under taken In India is not limited to the native population. Millions upon millions of EnglUh money have been Invested in Indian railways and other State purposes. Private enterprise has invested capital in manufactories, plantations, and other industries. And the lender and investor alike rely upon the permanence of Eng lish rule as their guarantee. To allow these Interests and to allow the adminis tration of such a multiform Empire to be controlled by a microscopic minority who make no secret of their hatred of British rule, to open the door to one creed or one nationality overriding the rest, would be a disgraceful ending of British rule in India, fatal alike to governor and governed. News has been received in Adelaide that the schooner Maldon Lewis went ashore during the gale on Saturday evening on the rocks near Point Morrison, which forms the south cape of Nepean Bay, Kangaroo Island. The following telegram on tbe subject was received by the Postmaster-General on Sunday from the stationmaster at Queenscliffe:—" Messenger from Point Morrison brings word from master of Maldon Lewis, ketch, reporting his vessel ashore on rocks there. Hands were brought off safely by line and sling. Likely to be total wreck." The Maldon Lewis is a schooner of 62 tons, commanded by Captain Cock, and owned by Messrs. J. Darling & Son. She was usually employed in the conveyance of wheat from the outports to Port Adelaide, and on this occasion was bring- ing a cargo of grain from Spencer's Gulf. Point Morrison, according to Sawtell's Nautical Almanac, is a headland of moderate elevation, having a few straggling rocks a cable's length away. The coast between Ballast Head and Port Morrison it bold, and the water is deep within two cables' length of the beach. The recent railway accident at Farias will form the subject of an investigation by tus Railway Commissioners at their offices thU nioroicg. The enquiry which was held at FViioa was not regarded as satisfactory, and the principal persons conneoted with tbe Acci dent will be examined to-d&y.; Tbe Government dockyard, which ni lately removed from tbe control of the Marine Board, has now been formally taken over by the Bail way Commissioners, and will in future be used in connection with the working of the railways. A number of the workmon and appliance* in the Adelaide railway workshop* will in the conree of a few d?ya be transferred to the dock yard, where they will be under the direct enpervision of the Engineer-in-Ohief (Mr. Moncritff). There will then be abont 120 men at tbe yard. Tbe place is not yet connected with the railway lines, bat this disadvantage will quickly be lemoved. The gentlemen interested in tbe alleged discovery of petroleum have maie an appli cation to tbe Commissioner of Grown Lands for tbe exclusive tight of search over the supposed field, so that when the fountain of the supply is discovered they may be able to secure a lease. Sir. and' Mrs. Whightmau and three children, Mrs. Boss and child, and Mrs. Sturoke and three children, the patients who were quarantined on Torrens Island from the R.M.B. Oroya a few weeks ago for measles, were liberated on Saturday. The Danedin passengers (Mrs. Boss and child) proceeded by the steamer Adelaide daring the afternoon for Melbourne, en route for New Zealand. At a meeting of the Board of Governors at the Public Library and Art Gallery held last week the Hon. Dr. OamDbell, M.£i.O, re potted having inspected the pictures selected for tbe ArtGalleryby Mr.R.Bees, M.P..aud it was decided that, subject to certain exchanges recommended by Dr. Campbell and supported by Mr. Reef, the selection should be approved and the purchases completed. It was also notified that the Superintendent of Public Buildings bad been instructed to do what was necessary to fit the upper rooms of the Jubilee Exhibition Building for the reception of the Art Gallery pictures. Some time ago Mr. J. T. Lapidge dis covered in the vicinity of Blackwood several lodes of natural mineral dry colon, such as are need by painters and plasterers. Other lodes of similar substances were also found in the neighborhood of WiUunga, The depasits in both instances are described aB being of con siderable extent, and as the material has been pronounced by experts to be of exceptional quality, there is a probability that the dis covery will be a valuable one. About 12 different colors are obtained from the veins, and scarcely any preparation is necessary to make the material ready for use. Its special peculiarity is the fact that it does not require the addition of white lead. The dry oolora and oil produce a paint which is pleating id appearance, and is said to be impervious to tha decomposing effects of the atmosphere. A coirpany has been formed to work the de pofita, and already the stuff has been used in painting some large buildings in Adelaide, Mr. Rowell, the Port Adelaide aUtion matter, bu received a letter, dated Decembers, from Kobee, Japan, from his son who ii there employed on board a Japanese steamer aa ecgineer, which contains thiUliag details of the overturning of a Japanese warship while undergoing repairs on a slip. It seems that the cradle which was supporting the verael broke euddenly, and tbe vessel at once heeled over, resting sideways on the slip. A large number of men were cleaning the vessel's bottom and side at the time, and these were pinned to the slip under tbe weight of the heavy warship. "Up to the present," aays the writer of the letter, ".there has been no poraible chance of extricating any of the bodies, and it will be about four months before the vessel is runted." The letter further states that the sight after the accident was most appalling. The wives of the men who were killed "rushed about in a state ot f ren zy. having lost their bread-winners; mothers and fathers wept bitterly, relations crowded to tbe scene of the disaster, and altogether tbe scene was most heartrending." The Victorian Treasurer has had an estimate made of tbe mult* of tbe late loan. Tbe pro ceeds of the sale, at an average premium of £3 <*. per £100 of stock, are (the Daily Tcleoraph staUs) £3.(fe9 000. From this has to be de ducted tbe accrued interest on 15 per cent, of the loan from Ist January to 4th February, and on the remaining 85 percent, from the 6th Feb ruary to 11th March, aanonnting to £18.627. This leaves a balance of £3,060.373, from which ! have to be deducted tbe floating expenses ! at £1 2*. 9i. per £100, amounting to £34,210. making the net proceed* £3.046.133. This give* a return of £101 10s, 94. (or every £ICO of the loan. The Premier consider* that the loan is an absolute financial success, and that it has been comparatively more successful that the 4 per cent loan of iBBB. He hat had the following calculation on this point sub mitted to him by an expert:—*'The lart 4 per cent. £100 loan floated on 10th January, 1888, having S3 years to run, yielded £108 la. ljd. as at the Ist of January, interest payable half yearly. Tbeae data give the actual yearly rate | of interest per £100 as £3 Us. Bd. At that xate a similar 3J per cent, loaa of 35 years' j currency should sell on tbe 230d January at £9S 11a. Sd., or on the Ist January at £98 :•• 6d." A fatal accident happened at tbe Adelaide railway station on Saturday morning, tbe j victim being James Westman, a laborer out of employment, who lately came from Bowdan to reside ia tbe city. Tbedeoaaaed was a railway j laborer, and bad just retnmed .from the Silver ton line where he had been engaged assisting to repair that portion which the recent floods : had washed away. This work being concluded. Westman on Saturday morning proceeded to the office of the Assistant Locomotive Kngineer. Mr. Roberts, for the purpose of procuring further employment. Mr. Roberts was not in at the time, and Westman at once retraced his steps, m^fcing for the 1 passenger platform. As he crossed the lines of the station-yard a shunting engine, driven by VV. J, Pennington, came slowly along. Seeing the danger of the man the enginedriver, it u alleged, sounded tbe whistle several times, but westman ap peared neither to notice the engine nor to hear tbe whistle until too late. Before he could cross the line the engine caught him, threw him down, and passed over his body. The engine was at once stopped and westman picked up, but it was found that the poor fellow was dead. Tbe body was conveyed to the morgue, and an inquest was held on ' Sunday, a verdict of accidental death being re turned. The deceased, who had been employed for some eight or nine years as a railway laborer, leaves a wife and eight children, some of whom are of tender years. The funeral of the late Mr. Hermann Oelicann took place on Sunday afternoon. The deceased was widely known as a gifted and cultured singer, who had never grudged his services to assist any good cause, and thousands astt mbled to pay tbe last tribute of respect to his memory. The Liedertafel, of which be was for many years a prominent member, sang Mendelssohn's beautiful theme "It is decreed" in the chamber of tbe dead, and then bore their old comrade's coffin to the hearre. The cortege started for the West . terrace Cemetery, and the members of the United Order of Oddfellows, of which the late gentleman was for many years a member, led the way, while the Liedertafel. beaded by their banner draped in crape, followed the hearse. Then came tbe mourning and private carriages, ovf r a hundred in number, containing tbe re lations and friends of the deceased. Toe streets were thronged with pedestrians, who accompanied the mournful cortege to the cemetery. Tbe service at the grave was con ducted by the Rev. J. O. Woods, while the Itssons and prayers appointed to be read at tbe graves of Oddfellows were intoned by the grandmaster of the order (Mr. Thomas Marshall). The Liedertafel sang with mourn ful pathos "Grace's Ruha"attbe beginning of the service, and ere they turned away from the stall open grave impressively rendered the appropriate song " Schlaf wohl nun komerad." Among those present were many members of tbe Masonic fraternity, of which tbe deceased gentleman was a member. He took a dis tinguished part in connection with tbe musical ceremonies at the inauguration of the Grand Lodge of South Australia a few years ago. The case of a boy who banged himself at Jamberoo, in New South Wales, was reported in our telegrams last Thursday. The Kiana correspondent of the Sydney DaHy TtUffraph, in a telegraphic message dated January 23, gives the following particulars :— An inquest washeld today at Jamberoo, before the district ooroner, Dr. Ashe, touching the death of a lad named Hy. Dogharty, 18 yean of age. and an appren tice from the State Children's Relief Depart ment to Michael Kelly, ot Poplar Grove, Jam beroo. Yesterday morning Dogherty was milking in the bails along with a companion, to whom he made the remark that if he (the companion) would attend to some green •tuff don by he would finish milking. The request was complied with, but upon re turning to the bails the boy's chum found Dogherty hanging by the nook by a rope, which was attached to some spool ice on the roof of the bails. He was quite dead. Although hia companion was close enough to have heard any straggle or noise none was heard; and the evidence of the doctor set forth as the reason that death was instantaneous. Deceased was of a cheerful disposition, and on the morning of his death was in his usual mood. There is a supposi tion that he had been reading the sensational reports of the hanging of Mrs. Collins, and was experimenting out of pure mischief. He bad never hinted at anything of the kind, and bad always been treated well by his em ployer. A verdict was returned to the effect that the deceased met his death at Poplar Grove, Jamberoo, on the Btnd inst. from strangulation by hanging, and further that the banging was his own act. The following account of a recent death in the bush appears in the Port Augusta Dis patch :—"The report that a man name! Thomas Fioher was missing in the bush was made to the police here on Tuaaday, January 15\. and within a few boon M.O. Bait, with a bUcktraeker and Hayley, the nun who re ported the circumstances, started northwest to search for the missinKtnaii. They reached Beda Hill, new which the missing man had last been seen by Hayley, on Wednesday, and early next morning found big body in a dry water conne. about a mile from the Beda arm of LakeTorrensjin which there was a quantity of salt water. The deceased had followed Hayley'a tracks closely, reached the Beda arm, bet instead of trying to wade across it as Hayley had done, filled his billy with the saline water, went back, made tea, and camped for the night The excessive heat of the weather, combined with exhaustion and want of food, and probably excessive draughts of the ealt water, must nave made him delirious, for after arranging his camp about a mile from the lake for the night, and lying down, he Rot up dressed only in bU shirt and trousers, and wandered about, finally falling down beside a log in the creek bed about 200 yards from his camp, and dying there. It will be remembered that the weather on the 10th, 11th, and 12th was intensely hot, aud deceased being 86 years of age wm far leu capable of enduing heat, thirst, exhaustion, and hunger than bis young companion, Hayley. His body was in an advanced state of de composition when found, and it is probable that death took place on Friday, the 11th inst M.C. Bart procured tools from the hut* and buried the body on the spot, returning to Port Augusta, where the circumstances were re ported to Mr. J. Budall, S.M., who gave the usual certificate. It appears that deceased, who had been a water-drawer on Arcoona, left that station to come down the track, and at Oakden Hills met Hayley. They resolved to travel together and strike across for Ysdlamalka in order to get on the northern track and look for work. The heavy rains which had fallen induced them to believe that there was as need to be anxious about water, and they expected to get rations at Whittata station, but on arriving there on Wednesday, January 9, they found the station deserted, and leaving the track struck across for the Beda hut, but being unacquainted with the country missed it, and alto mieeed water, of which there was plenty lying abont, bad they known where to look for it. On Thursday Fisher knocked up and lagged behind, and after waiting for him in vain, Hayley, who waa himself much dis tressed, pushed on, struck Lake Torrena at the Beda arm, waded across armpit deep with some difficulty, the water being very saltish, and succeeded in reaching Yadlamalka on the Friday. There was only a boundary rider at the station, the manager, Mr. 6. B. Richard eon, being at Point Lowly; and Hayley, after staying a day at the station, as his fast were so swollen that he could not get on his boots, came on to Port Augusta and made bis report to the police. Had sneoor been available at once, however, it would evidently have been too late for Fisher, who must have succumbed before Hayley reached Yadlamalka." The Strasburg clock at Industrial Buildings m Tinted by the usual number o! vifriton on Saturday. Among the passengers by the steamer Regius, which arrived from London on Satur day evening, was Dr. J. Shepley Part, M.8.C.5., L.E.C.P., who has come out to fulfil an appointment at Gawler. On enquiry at the Adelaide Hospital on Saturday we learned that Mr. Tremble, who was injured by the rocket accident onLargs jetty, is progressing satisfactorily towards re covery, and that aD danger is now past. The following Adelaide passengers are booked U sail (saloon) by the R.M.S. Oceana. which leaves to-day: — For London—Mrs. Tennant and maid, and Messrs. Dobbin, Colebrook, Douglas, and Booseh. For King George's Sound—Mrs. Wilson and in fant. The Exhibition Rink was well attended during all three cessions on Saturday. la the evening two exciting races were run oS; the fust, a boys' race for one mile, which was won by Chambers, and the second, a one mile con- Utt between Ferguseon and McCarthy, which fell to the latter. Both men while taking their preliminary spin received quite an ovation. Mr. George Gardner's band save two mote performances at Glenelg on Sunday to the evident appreciation of a fairly large crowd of people. Whatever the merits of toe Sunday performances may be in the estimation of musically educated critus certainly they an treat* to ordinary lovers of music, the general expressed opinion being that they are highly creditable and in every respect enjoyable. The Adelaide Oval draw a large number of visitor* on Baturday to inspect and ride over the switchback railway and toboggan rink. Everything worked smoothly and welL An improvement was noticeable in the rapid man ner in which the sleighs on the toboggan were returned to the departure platform. The heavy shower of rain during the evening pre vented the management from continuing ttie toboggan running; the surface of the floor allowing the sleighs to travel too rapidly. The switchback, however, was running until a late boor in the evening. A meeting of the committee of the Blind and Deaf and Dumb Institution was held at the Arbitration Boom, Waymouth-street, on Fri day, then bong present Mr. J. Scott (vice president), in the chair; Sir W. Milne, Messrs. G. W. Hawkes. S.M. (treasurer), W. Kay, W. Bicktord, D. Nock, J. Curaow, and C. Pea cock, the superintendent (Mr. S. Johnson), and the secretary (Mr. Roffe Searcy). It was re solved, on the recommendation of the superin tendent, to appoint another pupil teacher for the deaf pupils, as the number of deaf mutes having increased from 20 to SO rendered proper clai?Jfi?atifln necessary. It was reported that since the previous meeting £142 lls. 91. had been received as subscriptions and donations, and £3110s. for maintenance of some of the inmates. The bank credit balance was £13 Is. Sd. The Adelaide Oval was well attended on Saturday afternoon, when some interesting cricket was witnessed. The match between the Adelaides and Norwoods was soon brought to a conclusion. On the previous Saturday tbe Adelaides had made 21S runs, to which tte eastern enbnrban team replied with 175 for two wickets. G. Gifien (not out 101) and Blinman (not out 28) made the necessary, number of runs without a separation* taking place, Giffen scoring 128 and Blinman 48. The Norwoods then com menced a match with the South Ade laides, and made 222 runs for three wickets, G. Gitfen remaining not out with 140, and Blinman scored 43, W. Giffen 19, and McKenzie 15. The Hmdmarsh completed their irnings against the North Adelaides for 168, of which A. H. Jarvis made 44. The North Adelaides replied with 82 for six wickets, Botten being the principal scorer with 33. The last carnival of the season cannected with the Norwood Sink was held on Friday evening and proved a decided success. The building was well filled, most of those present, taking patt in the skating. The chief feature of tbe affair was the show of hats, umbrellas, and parasols. The competition was hardly so good as at the previous camivaL The largest bead covering was worn by a gentleman and was 12 feet in diameter. A veryhandsome parasol trimmed with white ostrich feathers aud colored ribbons was awarded first prize. Owing to the unavoidable absence of several members of the bicycle club the evolutions had to be abandoned, but a race was arranged be tween two of the cyclists and Baker on skates. The amateur skating champion proved the winner. The sack race caused a large amount of merriment and was ultimately won by Heath. A clever performance on skates by Mr. Cowan brought the entertainment to a conclusion. An entertainment was given in Gamer's Rooms on Saturday evening by the Court Minstrels, assisted by a number of well known amatuers, in aid of the widow and orphans of the late Mr. George GannelL The bouse was crowded, there being hardly a vacant chair. Tee first part of the programme was composed of a Christy minstrel entertain ment, and the members of the company were very successful inamusingtheaudienoe. The singing of Master G. Webb, who rendered •• Chiming bells," was especially well reoeived. Afttc the interval an excellently arranged pro gramme was carried out by Messrs. O. EL Kit?chke, L. M. Tier, J. O'Snllivan. Coles, J. T. Cook, and Arthur Gordon. The Hind marsh Quartet Club also gave several selec tions in a p)A??ing manner. The andienae were sent home in a good humor by the amusing farce, entitled " Cheating the Ghost," which was carried out by Messrs. M. H. Jaooby, A. Gordon, and Mr, D. O'Grady. She advertisements with refareaoe to amtaementt appear on the second page. We hare reoeived the ABO time-table and diary (or February. The annual meeting ot the WoodviUe Institute will he held this evening. A meeting of shareholders in Elder, Smith, It 00. will be held at the offioea, Currie- street, this after noon. The annual meeting of St. Peter's Oollegian?' Asso ciation trill take place at the Church Office this after noon. The secretary of the Blind and Desf and Dumb Institution has received from Mrs. Q. D. Young the sum ot £25 as a donation to the funds of that institu tion, 