A "Haunted Honse." ! ftfjrsterions SSappings la a Cellar. . I ATfemarkabIe"ghost"atorycome3from Green wich, in England, It appears thet Mr. Peter Bothwick, in the employ o! the South Metro politan GaB Company, had resided for three years with his family at 14, Horseferry-road, Greenwich, a four-roomed house. Mrs. Both wick had been troubled by hearing inexplioable noises, which her husband tried to explain away.- The previous tenant, who occupied the house for 29 years, states that he never heard any noises, but hiB .wife often complained to him that she had heard Bounds like children falling out of bed. About two years ago the Eothwicks were away from home, ahdaneiehbor states that during their absence-he heard loud rapping in thp house. Twelve months after, in July, 188S. !Vir. Both wick was in the country for a holiday, and on the 25th there! were in. the house Mrs,- Bothwick; Mrs, Stedman? and Mrs. Lloyd." 'At 10 minutes to 11 these 'three - were in the back sitting-room,-which is divided from the passage by a wooden - partition :rtmhihg to the top of the hou°e, when they.heard-three hard blows as of a-man's fist on the cellar door, Much alarmeU -they rushed off to bad, and heard no more that night. On Mr. Both wick'b retflrn hff put a new floor to theceilar,- making, it even with the;passage. All. wen t- well until Jdly 25of the present year, the anniversary of' ^ cf the former manifestation. .: ; Mysterious liapplags. . At 20 minutes to: 10 at night there'were in the houB"erMr£.Bothwickj and 'Mr, and -Mrs, " Lloyd,' while a Mrs.i Parkinson waa ia the next . house 'adjoining the passage. The tfeee psr-1 I sons firstriamed.heard Icitfd raps' on'fob parti-' tion, aud Mr. Lloyd went out, but s'aW noidne," and. searched th$'cellar'iwi$h similar'rfisult.: ; The rapping continued, sometimes appearing ^ to be on the partition and sometimes under the. stairs. It turned out that M^s.'Parkinson was' ' not the person, rapping.; and on Mr. .'Lloyd: 1 giving a-.rap ©i^ the wall he was startled by ? hearing at the. cellar.'door'cloaeto hls elbow ' three,knocks',which shook. the.partition, and > were- alirjoslf Sufficient to: knock the ceilar door > down. '. Heopenedthedoorohthe ibstaatand searched the cellar, but found nothing. He, knocked again, and in reply there came .three; : terrific knocks on the ceilar door, which Mr,' . Lloyd had: just closed,;He immediately, opened ?' < it again, and nothing could be seen, although a' ? lamp in the passage shone into the cellar, i Shortly afterwards Mr.- Bothwick and' Mr, I Parkinson, who-had been out together * re-1 1 turned home. The knocking continuing, they ! madea careful inspection -of bjth'houses, but ; found nothing unusual, FoIiceEvIc?eiice3 Half an hour later two police officers arrived, ' j and Btayed Bome time. The . knookings con j tinued as before, at one time on.the cellar door; j at another on the stairs or at different parts of ! the partition. The people' who were in the ; house also state thatthey distinctly heard foot j steps on the -floor above the passage, but on I going up could see no one. The police con-' j aidered the matter a praotical joke, but could, j not euggest how it was done. Meanwhile the. i knocking, which could be. plainly heard on the ! other side of the road, had attracted-a, large : ? crowd, and one of the men volunteered to com j iiiunicate with the "spirit," i A Conversation witli tlie Spirit. A conversation somewhat to the following ! effect ensuedAre you a man ? No answer, ! Are you English? Three raps, supposed to ; mean yes. Are.you a woman? Three raps, i Are you in great,trouble 1 Three raps, Have . i the ; people in this house harmed you? No : aLsvrer. ' You-aie troubling this house a deal ? . Tbreff rsps. Did your friends, harm you? 1 Three raps, Did they kill you? Three tre zuetfdoub raps', Mrs. Bothwick here exclaimed, ."For gracious sake let she iifan go away!" Ha remained, however, , at Mr. Boihwick's wish, and continued the > questioning, with the . result -that .' the . interrogator pronounced that a: woman: was troubling the : house on account of some crime com- ; mitted many years, ago, About midnight the I knooking began.to!subside, and the crowd . dispersed, but the Bothwick family would not i go to bed. Mrs* Bothwick lay on the bed for ; an hour or BO with her clothes on, and Mr. i Bothwick sat on a couch till he went to work at 6 next morning, and two young men stayed with him. The rapping gradually died away, and: ceased altogether about 1 o'clock, The Bothwicks determined not to remain in the house, and .on the following Tuesday removed to Haddo-etreet, sitting up on nearly all thein- , tervening days until midnight, Two ladies, who appeared to be interested in the subject of spiritualism,-called before they removed, and said they should have liked to hear the rappiugs. One of them said she did not Buppose the fl spirit" would trouble anyone till next year, |but it might, a3 it had bsen spoken to, _____________ 