THE STORYTELLER. SQUIItKEL. (VUOM LONDON SOCIETY.) In a flood of yellow sunshine stood Abbot's Grange, early one Mny afternoon, looking the very picture of smiling ease ami com fort : spring flower-beds dotted about its sloping luvvna, budding woods thick with bright blue Hyacinths sheltering it carefully from north-east winds, and a solt sweep 01 corn-cropped, haw thorn-hedged valley nestling, ns it were, under the protecting shadow of its grey gables and many-windowed front. But its seeming quietude was only — to put it quite correctly — brick deep. Within the quaint old rooms of the dwelling a very peculiar turmoil was going on ; a terrible upsetting of things as they had been ; amazed submission to things as they now np penred to be : dismay and blank dread of what might yet be C°For ill Hie last week of chill, fickle April Misa Pleasnnco West broolr, spinster-mistress o[ Abbot's Orange, had suddenly re signed control of all her worldly possessions. A nipping night frost, and a firm refusal to have a fire in her bedroom because the rieht date tor such luxuries was passed by five days, hnd proved to'o much for the lady ot four-score. A swift attack of bronchitis afforded her a rapid and almost painless exit from mortal scenes, but the unexpected summons created strange disturbance among survivors, that began almost as soon as the last ' Amen was Baid over her grave. Then, ns one of the carriages turned out of the churchyard gate, said Mr. Westbrook, of High Courts, Gloucestershire, the rich merchant-nephew of the departed lady, to her solicitor, John Foster : — ' I suppose those young connections of mine come in for pretty near everything of the old lady's, don't they? Do you happen to know if she's paid me the compliment of a diamond rinir or a silver soup-ladle? Of course, you've got her will ''.' 'Jleally,' was the answer, '1 can give you no inlormntion nt present. My father had entire management o^ the Abbot's Grange business, and he died some six months ago.' 'Butyou stepped into his shoes, didn't you?' 'Only partly. Miss Westbrook looked on me as compara tively juvenile, I fancy, though 1 have been in the firm the last fiveyears. She never honoured me with any confidential com- , mnnications. and even took all private papers from our office, the will most likely among them. ' 'Ab ! then that elder girl yonder will know its whereabouts. She'a.rather a good-looking young party. ' Ought to marry well if she got a third of the old maid's hoard. Got any engtigeinent, do you know ?' No, Mr. Foster did not know, Perhaps the question struck him as unseasonable, coming the minute after the service, where half the village had been crying over the Joss of their kind, if eccentric, old friend. Anyhow, the young lawyer gazed studi ously out of the carriage window as they wound slowly up the hill, and turned conversation to the beauty of tome noble oaks that skirted the road right and left. ? 'Ah, ha! good timber, that,' commented Mr. Westbrook. critically. ' I'd have it down if it was mine and turn it into capital that fetched 20 per cent. Can't see the good of trees standing sucking up the land any more than lnzy horses eating their heads oil' in the stable. My father, you know — brother of the old Judy yonder,' with a nod toward the church, 'only get as much as his syster when his futher dropped. Uut lie was wise. Married into the trade. My mother's people were in East India Bhipping, He made a mint of money, and turned High Courts, that he bought cheap, into a regular show place. I've stuck to the same line, and,' with a knowing expreasiou, ' haven't lost money, you bet. I got a littte extra nous from my mother. ' And a little something else,' thought John Foster, but aloud he said — ' Miss Westbrook'a cousin, the grandmother or those- young people she adopted, married into some country. family, did she not '!' Mr. Westbrook laughed. 'Exactly so. Country gentleman in Norfolk of the good old style. Lived up to the knocker, and left about hnlf. what he begun with. Then his son must needs go bond for a friend and lost even that. ' Whoso hateth suretyship,' say I; that's how these young Ferrers come to be' paupers.' ' Miss Westbrook was greatly attached to them, 'sir.' 'Ah! Sol suppose. She was a sentimental old Conserva tive. And their grandmother had been brought up with her like an own sister, I've heard. So instead of letting them prog for themselves, as 1 recommended her to do ten years ago, the last time I saw her, she took them in and did for ihem. Ob^ here we are at the house again. My train goes from Crowchester at 4, bhnrp. So now for the will.' Mr. Westbrook might say, 'Now for the will.' To every one's protonud astonishment, no will whatever was torthcoming. OliveFerrera, a graceful, dark-eyed girl of one-and twenty, now in sore grief at losing the loving guardian of her orphaned years, . knew nothing of the all-important document. ' Did it matter much ?' she said, wearily, when the rector and John Foster sought her out in the library, where her sister and yoang brother were trying to comfort her. ' It seemed horrible to be troubling about money so soon after ? ' And then she broke off, her sad eyes full of tears, and the young lawyer felt how vivid was the contrast between her bear ing and Mr. Westbrook's, and how her present pathos suited the «irl even better than the bright manner which had rather turned his head when lately he had paid professional visits to the grange. ; . ? But though it went against the grain with him to vex her, he explained clearly and forcibly how needful it was to try and find this will at once. 'Had Miss Westbrook never* told her where she had put it? Never mentioned its details to her ? Naturally Mr. Westbrook woald like to know them before he left.' The only response to this was that Olive was certain that Aunt Pleasance had never mentioned ? the matter in any way. .Some things she never liked to Bpeak of. This must have been one. Perhaps she. had not made* a. will at all. ' But, nay dear young lady,' cried the rector, 'that's impos sible, it would leave you without a farthing ! Miss Westbrook would never have done it.' * '1 know she wouldn't,' put- in Olive's young sister Helen, a delicate girl of 15, ' if she could help it; but auntie was ill only such a little time. Very likely she may have forgotten it.' 'Forgotten it!' repeated the clergyman in dismay. 'My poor, dearchild, don't suggest such a chance.' : ' Or,' I tell you what,' siud the youngest of the adopted trio, a lithe, clever-faced boy of 12, emerging from a window-curtain,' where he had been trying to hide a tear-stained countenance, 'poor old auntie put itoff too long, jperhups. You know I was with lier the— the last morning just when she turned worse, and she whispered, ' I want to tell Olive — — ,' so I fetched Olive ;' but then auntie seemed to have forgotten everything. She could only, ldok at us puzzled-like; and — and never spoke any more.' Then the lad burrowed back among the curtains, being much ashamed to be caught crying. And the rector mid lawyer left the room in the utmost perplexity. Every likely place was ranattcked within the next hour. Every Bervunt questioned. The C'.uchinnu remembered driving his naistre.-s ir- itn the late Mr. Foster's at lice, notne l.iniejnst. lunuiun, to Burn by 'h bunk,. ami they took a tin box in the i-nrniige with them. Off to ]Jurhl-y's i-auk went the coachni.iii'now'nuain, returning with i he .-aid deiicMicury, which Mi»- late Mr. -Kowtt-rVi son aenrciied through with the deepest anxiety. Boh'jIh were there of railways, uud canal*,. iiml huh eumpiiiu-_.-i, ,, ni««itg:iue, stock of hiil t u dozen kinds, butnlti*! u-- will. Mr. Weitbnmk telegraphed to his home that he should not be buck uiuil iurtb.tr notice,-: ' .' , j 'It is desirable that I remain to see this th,ro«S»'. -esaid and ordered the butler to have a room prepared for h , m lor on indefinite stay. The butler carried the command to tlie House keeper in high affront. ,.%!... -? ~XA Ua. 'He speaks to me as if I was ahoy in buttons, sw. d he. 'irou and me ain't used to such masterful ways, Mrs. \\\ lcics.^ But as one day alter another, and then a whole week, went by, and still no will was forthcoming, Mr. Westbrook lei to, growing right to indulge in as much masterlulness us he pleased, which was a good deal. , , ,, . , ^ „,__ 'The probability is,' he said loftily to John 1-os er, who was there every- day, conducting a rigorous search through every room, 'my deceased aunt came to her senses at the last, we had a few words about these young Ferrers last time I saw. her. 1 told her plump and plain they'd no right to a penny from her. She was a spirity old party, though, and said she shou d do what she chose with her own, for 1 and my children had plenty without being her heirs. After that there was a coolness between us, but she'd plenty of sense, and, no doubt, she saw l was in the right, and so died intestate purposely that I should step in and take my due. Till anything else is proved, Mr. Foster, 1 shall act on that supposition.' Mortified that he could not gainsay this arrogant gentleman, yet deeply excited on purely personal ground*, John l«oster could only acquiesce in this unlucky inierence. Miss Westbroolc must have died without a will. ? ?. * ' I'm driven to that conclusion unwillingly enough, he said to pale Olive. Ferrers, one morning, when after hours of turning over half) a century's ' collection ot old letters and worthless savings, they stood together in a littered drawing-room, each feel ing blankly that no more was to be done ; ' most grieviously un just ns she has been to you ? ' But Olive stopped him. ' You are not to say that even to me, please, Mr. l'oster ; we owe too much to Aunt Pleasance. Now, as ws have no one else in the world, we must try and make our own way. 'JJur. good heavens ! how ?' exclaimed the young man almost impatiently. This poor girl knew as little ns a bn by about making her own way in a hustling, greedy, selfish world. ' My dear Miss Ferrers, you can't calculate the difliculties that lie before you. Surely Mr. Westbrook ? ' liut there John Foster had to 'end abruptly. What would be the use of his holding out hopes about division of property, of any liberality whatever on Mr. Westbrook's part, when he knew very well he had not got, a generous spark in him from the crown of his head to the sole of his foot. Truly, when ownership had first appeared possible, the gentle man had vaguely dropped hints about allowing the young people a few thousands, but as time went on and no will was unearthed, another casual mention of this doucer had diminished it to a few hundreds. What ultimate point of contraction it might reach the young man feared to think. . So he checked himself with embarrass-rnent, and could only wind up with some incoherent remark about arrangements being made for Miss Ferrer's com fort, and it' there wns anything he could do ? Olive coloured. .Something in the earnestness of his last words made her tremble. Shswas afraid of relying on him too much, and yet in this trouble, perhaps she might take his help for a little while. 'I think Mr. Westbrook intends settling what is to be done this afternoon,' she said nervously ; 'afterward I mnybe — glnd I to ask your advice. 1 am most anxious about Cyril. 1 am afraid ! Mr. Westbrook does not much like ? ' Here Olive's half-uttered opinion was unexpectedlyempbasised from without. Through the door, standing ajar, came Mr. West brook's voice, ringing with anger : 'Cyril! What are you up to there ? Kick that beast down stairs this moment.' 'Toots 18 doing no harm, air,' answered the boy's clear voice. 11 Aunt Pleasance always let us play hide and seek on the gallery.' 'Your Aunt Pleasance, ns you call her, could do as she liked. NawJ order what I choose. That clumsy brute will smnsh those cases of birds. Send him down this moment; do you -hear, you young rascal ?' ;??.-.»'.?' ' ??''?? '? Cyril's temper, frank and pliant enough under decent civility, ] -had been brushed in every possible wrong direction by Mr. West brook during these last few days.: Now it suddenly bristled up like a hedge- hog's prickles: j 'I'm no more a rascal than you are, sir! Olive said Toots ; and I could wait here till she'd done-^iiise old papers, so I shall ( not come down till she culls me.''' .. . . ? .; Here Olive hurried into the hall.- Mr. Westbrook. purple with ' rnge, was storming up at Cyril, who, with flaming cheeks and bright eyes, stood defiantly at the top of 'the broad old stairs ; Toots, a knowledgeable little fox-terrier, sniffing excitedly be- i tween the balustrades, as if only- waiting the word of command ; to make for their mutual enemy's calvea ' ?'.! 'I'll put a brick round that cur's neck and have him dropped in the nearest pend,' cried the irate gentleman ; ' while,-ns for your sister, she's perfectly aware, or ought to be, that she's no more right to give orders in this house than' the scullery-maid.' [John Foster here made a quick step forward. Olive silenced his indignation with an entreating glance.) ' I am master here. Now come down, or I vow I'll horsewhip you.' ? 'You'll have to catch me first, air,' said Cyril, coolly ; 'but I'll do as Olive tells me, of course.' 'Then come down, Squirrel,, darling,' his sister exclaimed. And the lad, with Toots in attendance, was at her side in a twinkling. ' My brother had no idea of transgressing by playing there,' she explained with quiet courtesy to Mr. Westbrook ; nor I by bidding him do so. Perhaps he and Toots had better go out for an hour or so now.' .- ' ' 'Not till he has apologised to me for his impudence,' fumed ' Mr. Westbrook. ' l'eg my pnrdon, young — whipperahapper, i then you may go.' - ; : ? ' a ^ ^i?;.; - ! a xt1'1^*1''1'1 * slm11 )mve to atoP a lon' while first;' said Cyril. ; No, Olive — protestingly— ' I've nothing tobeg his pardon for, ' and I'm not going to do it.' v V if :? ; * ! Olive, distressed, looked appealing at Mr. Foster. ; | Ao impertinence was meant, I am sure;Vsir,'','6uid the young lawyer promptly. 'All will be right if Cyril runs out again, as Miss Juerrers suggests.' ?, .; '.:,.., „..-? ;v. ,. 'If Miss Ferrers lets him do anything of the sort-she^ as— as— disrespectful as the boy,' retorted the unsobtliable gentle man.'- ,lsenher he nor she nor uny fpiie on the place seems to understand who I am. 1 requre an immediate apology from that youncrscamp. . ^ ..??'v-.- ???--i--;. ?.-;?-' 'Then you won't get it,' said the '! young scampi coolly oruving the mun who was now domineering over Olive. - .- ?w t,ou Blja11 ,be lockei1 up till you eat humble pie,' cried Mr.' Westbrook, advancing furiou-!y on Cyril, but rapidly retreating us loots rushed to thefore with a vicious snap. 'Miss Per- rers, l presume you have some control over your brother? I requir*». him to stay alone in the librury yonder till he comes to his senses and speaks the words I consider my due. Will you for9cee?'lim tOBoint0 that ^^ roo»n» or must he be taken there by ' My(brother never disputen a wish of mine, Mr. Westbrook,' ??'* -Olvve, .painlully excited, yet wonderfully; Kelf-controlled. . Rsquirrel, dear, not because 1 consider you require punishing, but for peace a rsake, please go in the library. When I have spoken to Mr. Westbrook presently I will/come for you.' »,^^t^etl '£d, lnltl her cl»eek oh the lad's curly head a moment, then off he st.ilked with n Imnp-iirHls throiit to' the little nwm ui the left oi the hall. Mr. WeBtbrobk triumphantly turned the key up.m him with, 'Stop there, sir/'till I let you ' mil. J,.|n, I.osterw..lked l..nh imiong the- lilacs and synug.m. nr n1' .'?'''' llom '''k'nn unproieasionn! renimlcH, and Olive llrflvu|i*tmrH to treat her forced Cairo to ii KuU cry . Hole? reCUU'llll'K 'reHh mis|ldvt4nlure 19 her'youtm chiter T . '-? ? - CHAOTKIt.il..: puncheon .-?Uiat . duy wuh o n excthaively gluomy, affair. 'i:iie lawjrer racked his braina for con v.eraution, but./or once could iMn^oi^ find none. The girls were silent and withont n^w5!?115553 sight of Cyril's vacant place choked Helen. Mr ?&S;& The his cold Iamb and salad vvith ostentutious nffectS^ «» ment ; but old Bond could easily diRcern as ^h* H?n ?f «njoy. to the servantsV hall, r that things waa a Sed nei head. '..:??,: /.'.;. ' um''K to a ' I'll trouble you in the drawingrbom, Miss Fprm. r moments,' said MryWeathropk when Javingfini8Wh0ttl1^ nnd pushed his chair from him; and as the two UwL e^otunP Helen following her sister with anxious eyes, John Foafillihet' ing to be by her, perhaps all four felt little easier than ♦h'ilon«- yonnc ciilprit locked up in the library. ?uoierinnn the lonely i- 1Ier* K*?11 *he ^uth. w«8 not particularly to be pitied ktt ? firm faith in his sister he resigned' all thought ot the fnil Vltls her, and, with the wisdom of his few years was nnw0'6 ^ liimself on the burning topic of the ^Sa^ll^St* the jailer the slip ! ' ' , ' uo5ft0.- give ' There you stop till I let you out.' Mr WWWr.i i' j ' A boastful cockcrow that went sorely ^gaiS Srrlr d 9a)(1' Into durance vilelie had gonecheerfully nftSSlvSiSS h5?ln of it he fully meant to get without leaveof ?nnyM'w!SbSStrIIIi means to this end he now systematically set hiraaeU seaSini'0' The door wns last, no question about that. He broke ihi« L knife in a futile attempt to slip the lock, and then S-fn' Naturally the window suggested itself as t'he nex besfSmSf exit. Unfortunately, that was fnll 9ft. from the ground thJ granee front being well raised over a line of cellars, Bnd.&nS; the drop was notliins to a boy of his weight, an anti-burolS row of posts with triple, weU-apikerl chains offered serfonj T jections to thio mnnner of, escape: What was to hi S«« « Squirrel planted himself in the middle of his prison and levedhJ surroundings interrogatively. In front was that impracticaWa window ; behind'him every inch of wall, except the oWbS was lined with close-packed shelves of books— the same with uiJ whole wall on Ins right hand. Opposite this wns the widp quaint- tiled hearth under the shallow, high-shouldered chimnpv piece ; one side of the fireplace a small door onened into a tirlv back room, which Aunt PlenBance used to call her snnctum ? on the other side stood a bookcase of 4ft. high, above which hunca picture ot the last Squire Westbrook in a pigtail arid a bri«h- blue coat. ° ' As his quick glance took all in, his cell looked perfectly iron, bound, and Squirrel's heart sank within him. Must he alter all, stop there like a rat in a trap, but to be letoat by that odiou? overbearing monster, -Mr. Westbrook? AVaB there no chink be could edge himself out by, no loop-hole he could wriggle through? Yes ! joy ! there was 1 Oh, happiest of happy thoughts, what about the chimney ? ' Those smoky funnels at the Orange were none of your screwed up, be-flue.d modern contrivances, but ample, generous nir passages, running boldly up from basement to roof. Cyril knew all about them. He had personally inspected the interior oi one when workmen had been repairing the many-cornered stneka above, and had sately worked his way down to Olive's own bed room. Now.'if he could only voyage upward from the library, cnt-like range the tiles, and descend again by the old route, what a capital joke it would be. Quick as thought Cyril stepped on the stout bars of the crate and cautiously inserted head nnd shoulders up the inky entrance. Hurrah! He could see a bib of blue aky high up aloft. Nimble as his namesake he beuau the ascent. A brick jutting here and there lent friendly help. He had to grope along with closed eyes, for bits of mortar and little nesta of disturbed soot came peppering about him. Careful and crab-like he hauled himself safely up till nigh the level of the library ceiling. Then he nearly came to grief. ? He seemed to have got beautiful foothold on a brick or two, when he suddenly slipped. Down went one leg, but not down the chimney, down the other side somehow. Preserving his balance with difficulty. Squirrel rubbed his dusty eyea with his grimy hand nnd peered about him. Only faint murky light straggled to his aid, bat. he could jast discern something remarkably odd. An opening there was on the left side of the chimney, but not more than 2ft square, and the cavity beyond must be of some size, for an the lad inquisitively poked his leg about, it came in contact with no other wall. Whatever could this place be? A brickeo^-up cupboard perhaps ; a hiding-hole for cavaliers, priests, Jacobites, whatnot? Cyril's spirit of adventure rose within him. In tor a penny, in fora pound. He'd through that hole and possibly ferret out the Becrets of centuries. So through he went, feet foremost this time, and easily enough, for what felt like brick step9 assisted his descent into a space which, by faintest light and much pat ting around, he discovered to be a small chamber matching. in size Aunt Pleasance's sanctum the other side of the fireplace. Here was an exciting find 1 How pleased old auntie would have been to know it ! How Olive would have liked it ir they had been stopping at the grange ! As for that surly Mr. West brook, though, he' Bhould never Iiearof this romantic den, Cyril only wished it might be full of ghosta that weuld come out and scare him if ever he lived at the place. But ghosts in it were neither tangible nor visible now. After ever so lone or stealthy creeping and feeling throughout its length and breaatti, Cyril could find nothing but ancient cobwebs and layers of dust nnd debris, a wooden something, narrow table or shelf, a iock or fastening, nnd ? i« At that point of investigation the boy was. startled by sonnos that appeared strangely close, being, in fact, as he aoon remetri bered, in the adjacent library. Some one spoke. It was that nice fellow. Foster, and his words were: .,. , i 'Now, Cyril, my lad, if you'll jast any to Mr. -ye8tbrook-— why, how's this? I can't see him. Cyril ! Where's he vanished °' Jumped out of the window, I'll: warrant 'rasped forth another voice (the enemy's). ^Expected a thrashing.if lie i aia not eat homble-pie, and, by George, lie should have it, too,' I'd my wny.' (Cyril tingled with wrath to the tips ol ins ' 1 don't Bee how he could jump out here without hurting him self,' was the anxious nnswer back from the window-wn-. , f* do hope the boy is safe. His sister ? ' . ll( 'iV ' Ttiere, there,' snarled the other gentlemnn. 'Don t «°'°.'| yourself to make a fuss over the young sneak, — (Oyni e'en*-;'! bis-dirty little fist and almost wished he hud not started on him chimney expedition)—' the men about the grounds must ')0^^Q him, rind I'll rate him soundly when we catch him. *???., « going to look over, h'm-b'm-my farms. I wiah y°u.G0,0oa:'u{A Mr. Foster. If you will make it convenient to be !iere.'f;^ o'clock to-morrow we'll meet in this room and can begin iqwm up matters.' ''??; 'Then, Miss Ferrers ? ' . , i'-«»p'rir. 'Appears,' with a grunt, 'to desire perfect -nde.Pe.n.d'fol! my She can have it if she chooseB. So much the better lor ng pocket She gives her final decision in the morning, afternoon.' _ ., , ? i.,i iiim John Foster seemed to be staying behind. Cyjrirhearn'^- give n sigh that was half a groan. He was a regular K°°4.yjdel(i The boy had half a mind to tap on the thin panel wnicli aivi them, and tell him so, but another entrance checked nira. ,* , Olive this time. . ?? nip|iae? 'Oh, Mr. Foster,' she began, 'did Cyril— where is he, P'eu Hits Mr. Weatbrook let him out?' . , , » .vns the 'No, he let himself out, 1 fancy, by the win«°.w'n find him response. 'I'll hunt him up betore 1 leave. \\\ e shall un« it nil right.' But, Mihb Ferrers, can you— will you—, loo?°lV \Vill its your mnn oi husineaB— ns if I were my fnther,J» \ac ??? f ^|mt you tell me what Mr. Wesibroolt has offered in 'f'.' wonUl every one expected you and your brother nnn b|BIC' Cyril HtrainedhisearM. Olive appeared to hesitate, then out pn^sii»n;.telv. .. , m\a\\\U I ?'.WlwfliV ImH -.(T.Me.1 1 A niuance, Mr. F;.f ter, th»t w -'^ti|y Huppoae, just keep uu Irom btarvinu, but wlucli * ?**' r nlU to begin to starve belore I would nccv|-t ou-W« terms}. ??? . y ??? v,.-ke Cyril beg his pardon, and. itfijm,.perhaps,.only, perhaps, he 'i 1 cet Him an office-hoy a place with omTof his 'partners at Kristol. And to Helen .and me he offers £50 a year, enough, he .u'«i for us to live on in lodgings, with Cyril's wngea to lielo ! Air Foster, begears must not be choosers : but I think I would ifiier die than touch a penny from Mr. Weatbrook.' ?'And ri'ht you are, Olive,' whispered Cyril in hiadungeon. ' Hut my denr, dear Miss Ferrers, what is to be done ? Whom ,,ise what else have you:to'turn1vt6T''r^ ?-r7^-:.:f:.-:- ??.-,--,-..,,..... ??Wo one, nothing,, or next to nothing But, Mr. Foster, Cyril hns something— nearly two hundred, pounds; 1 thjnk, a cod mother left him. Now, surely I can send him to some school with that, and 1 know, when lies ajittle older he will. work like a mnn to help me and Helen. ..-('Won't I, too,' murmured the oootv one ) ' As for, me, I wi 11 find some school where they will w me teach, and Helen can live there for my pay. It's only for her sake I— feel— it-4hard.' 5 ; .^. ? ' ~ ' ? ?)'.; ? -' (?'There now, that's horrid ; Olive's cryinff,' muttered Sauirrel, b^'riminR his eyelids with bis own knuckles.) . Mr Foster seemed to walk up and down in asitation ;' then slmtthe library door and halted, l ;f v; ' Miss Ferrers, your plan, your determination, are worthy of vou- but one thing fails you. Your brother's money cannot, I know be touched till he is of nee.'.' ? 'Then— oh what shall we do?' 'This ; let me advance a couple of hundred, lend it, Rive it to you. Oh, wait a moment ! Xet me tell you what no one on earth should have known if you'd been rich and prosperous. I huve Been you so often, and so much/I could no more help Invinc J'on than I could help living ! I don't know about family, ?ind nnoestora, and so forth ; I only know my father's namn has heen an honoured qno.r for fifty ynnrs, and, please Ood, I'll do nothing to sully it. and it yon'il share it witli »n-\ your brother .md your sister shall ibe mincv anil you shall novor know a care ihnt'i can shield you. from ! . What, what will you say?' Cyril could hear .Olive gobbing.;.] Ac very nearly committed himself by an nudible accompaniment. ('John Foster, you're a Trojan,' said he softly. 'If Olive will have you 1 will give you Toots for a wedding present; but, how then, hark I') 'I can't, I can't say 'Yes,'' pliye faltered. 'It would be wicked of me.' ' ..' : ^; :; ? ' Ah, you don't care for me I ; You think me presumptuous.' 'Presumptuous ! Mr. Foster, Aunt Pleaaance always said you were far too good to be just a-lnwyer.' 'And you, you, yourself?' 'I— liked— you always.' ('Thought as much.!' chuckled Squirrel. ''She always coloured up when that young man vcame.') ? - ' - 'Hut.' rapturously. ' can you ever love me?' ^ 'I— think— I — can;?' -. ''... ','v;:-'' ;; ; ':?'_ ??'' '??-:- . /?? . ' -.'^y-.. ' :?-??? 'Olive, my dearest;' ^ ? k ; : ' .????: ?'-'?' '^?'?;.';: :v'' ;;--1'-' ' '. Then ensued some seconds i over which Cyril positively blushed. Love ecstasies are utterly preposterous to extreme youth. 'Cut now,' said 'Olive, presently,' in; such a changed voiced 'you must never feel you took me, took us, out of pity. You must be very certain of your own mind before you tie yourself to us penniless people.'; ?- ? ?; . . ; '1 can never be more certain than now, my Olive.'' 'Ah, but you shall have- time td; think about ifc If only you. will aend Cyril somewhere, that much I will freely take of you. You shall pay yourself by and- by.':* But for one year 1 mean to wotk for Helen, as I said. ? Then if you still want me— — ?' From that part of her project she was immovable.* So with satisfaction enough in his heart to tide him over even a twelve month's waiting, the young man parted from his new-gained love. ? i:7 ????-,??. ,???? ? ? ' . . . ? ?. ? .'??-;.-.?? Cyril had to blush again in the dark over the lovers' farewells, nnrl then when his solitude was silent* once' more, he set about thinking how to get out of confinement For reasons of hisown ;a twenty-foipt' lneher climb 'was ; not desirable. Therefore! with extreme care he gained the aperture by which. he had entered, slowly lowered himself to the bars of ? the grate, 'squatted tlnre like nn imp, taking o(T hiatell-tfile slioes, listened to find the coast clear, then warily slipped off to 'his own room, bolted hiniaelf in, and spent an' hour to such pur pose that when at last herna'Je his way down stairs ho trace of his sweep's exploit was left upon him. - - ' i Chapter, III. The _two girls' anxious questions as to his mode of exit from' his prison Cyril contrived:; to parry. - Mr. Westbrook's hish and, mighty scowls at the dinner-table he bore .with exemplary meek ness. When hia sisters both implored him to behave discreetly at the next morningVcoriclaye in the library, to which Mr. We'st brooknll but ordered! the trio, he promi-ed faithfully to keep his temper, come what. might, and sedulously, patted Toots's sleek head to conceal the twinkle in his eye when Olive added, as herald of great glad tidinirs—:; . ?. : , For all things may,; after all, turnout better than they, will sound, dear Squirrel.?. ; ' - .../.'. Ten o'clock next morning found' the Grange party and John i'oster assembling in the appointed room, Mr Westbrook swell ing with arrogant importance, which Olive might have found bad to bear had not a glance between her lawyer and herself given ?? a /?'el'c,loU3 sense of happy strength. ' ^ : Ah— h'm,' rasped out Mr.Westbropk, seating himsell in the Heavy oak chair that stood atone end of the old Turkey hearth rug. Ah— h'm. I see that boy ia' not here ; but he is of no consequence whatever, so we need hot wait. As it ia very evi nent my late respected aunt' (his tone implied capital letters to tier honour now he had come into, her money) ' has died intea tate, I loel the time lias come when, as her lieic' (honour re quested for himself this time), ' I take natural possession of her entire property. I feel it is iny right, so I shall riot make any oones about doing ir. As I intend shutting the house up for the summer, the first thing to do is to get rid of the servants. Mias He en ring the bell.'; ^ liond, appearing in answer, woa desired to fetch up all the; aomestics. Seven filing, in, hended by the grey-haired house ,/'per' ev«y one of them was summarily dismissed with then-ble Kvlfu' , a month's wages. Bond had been servant to the ' est°rooks ni«h 40 years; the housekeeper but little leas; the rest were no strangers in the place. Each one Miss Pleaaance I iia« seemed to care for. Upon each thia sudden ordering out of on.v.1 l ,Reen a -Rood: home, without a civil word to soften it, v-uuie roughly. ,L ?' '.'?'? ' ' to i!LVe 'luaae£l w'}h mortification, Hot tears'ol shame, sprang rmiv.f ey?8' na without a word, but with keen disappointment dpi p eilh? little band accepted their 'notice and with tlio hu u the .'ife of her she could not help secretly applauding, w»in. » i n-m«»J— a new comer, of' only two years' standing— her nn 1i Pasaed 'Mr. Weslbrook, turned down the corners of ously. 1Ura'ure-l mouth and tossed her head contemptu flianmlU in,c!eefl«' sniti the i said gentleman, as this young person ?oun rlfed- , You ^nllei1 me 'mean' wretch,' did you. Miss you're ^'''VJudence ! I'll see if that can't be remembered when OliLian l'? a character.' 3ane BBi i)oked ?* bl« wonderirigly. ' Indeed, I don't think as welinf ' Mi83lerrer9- Don'tundertake excusing servants iou Thoy(-iuf br?Vler- The bny will be han.ttul enough for ili'hVtvrm ?t l ,?nul» 'Mean wretch.' I heard her distinctly, 'I'll n/'l'1'08'''' luctnntly, ''but8'!116 °ne» lli(lt' confe39ed thftfc Gentlemftn- re* tlwtSenm^i br'zen-fnced girl,' retorted Mr. Weatbrook, 'and f«nna Mr rabout !t- Now topmced. The tenants of my renew' ti,pS.|O8ter« ««uat have notice to quit at Michaelmas, or 'Bur S r S nt hiKher renfc8'' ?ihvh been r!« -?** ?te ml|i»R 'bout liere ; three of your tenants Rre K»ihl Viir I e lrtn«---»»thpr to son— ttir cenerntions. Tlu-y ?'oUceaaaX'' Y'« I..um ufrald the^ wouKl look °' aucU 1 «? T rr he' lefc cm ?-?'/ V° .ll«»Red to 'em,1' cried the new landlord assw3 Sif r ?^'™ -as ^« screw od wbprA ? nu~het a lo01 nor a, w°man. I shall put the acre w on where I choose; you can be my man if vou like sufjpS''5 lf nOt- thCre are °ther ^^ers in Crowcheater, 6i .. :.¥]?e.re,fire, sir, and you had better select one ' said th» vnnnir man quietly.' .''^yTatlierah* grata thia property ; to the satiafaction of that gentleman '^iiS?^.. the blue-coated squire left of the fireplaci-' '«m Tof hiaSSite? for three-quarters of a century, but for myg If I S K rea.gn.the office of your solicitdr.' And-Hdfcu ous faricy tabe of^'reaS^or? '^ Positively seemed to no^Jova! jc,^!a^ou^ng^ h.gh-talutm'^peech, but^nllow me to say while ySe eat n^ m^eXencl- * ''^ myroofvx insider' the w^rds'an scarier^ 8aid ' Wel1 done'' ' exclaimed Olive,: turning 'NoVl/'aaid Helen, timidly.. n ?,1\I.fJ1tltn6tfco.waste'on'thematter,-'-aaid-Mr. Westbrook. in credulously, 'I should insist on your withdrawing the °vordT; but I ve not. . I merely beg to inform you now that the £50 a year I offered you is not to be looked upon in the light of li pensionf it is purely a matter of charity, which. I continue or suspend, aa circumstances direct. I must request that you be rendy to leave thOEranctRonSnturdny. next Aa for yonr brother, on recon sirlerntion I dpplinn to Imve nnything to do with him. Yon or ' r-aneerin-r—1 Mr. Foster, perhaps, must look about and lincl him a Home. - 'Much nl.lignd, sir, but ho has got ono,' snid a voice that 8e»']?M1 ro '?9U0 iVom the hack of Mr. Weatbrook'a chair. '. \v lint the devil is that !' cried the gpntleman, starling up, ana j oots, who had cot in as the servant went our, and had been uneasily smelling about mall directions, now bolted with yelps and jcy towards the fireside bookcase. ' It wnsSquirrel speaking,' cried Helen. 'But he's not here,' exclaimed Olive. .Yep, .he is,', returned the aemi-ghoatly tone quite cheerfully, w *Lle ,n,e P'ece of onk panelling on which hung old Geoffrey weatbrook s portrait swung slowly forward, diacloaing the soot smirched countenance of Master Cyril, holding in his arms a black tin case, marked with Miss Pleaaance Westbrook's name in white letters. - ?-.;...? 'lt'a her will,' he cried, exultingly. 'I went up the chimney yesterday to get out of Mr. Westbrook's clutches, and alipped in here, and found it all by chance. And I knew Aunt Pleasance could not have got up the chimnej', so I came up again to- day, and brought some matchea with me, and found this little door outv Auntie knew about it, of course, and hid the old parchment up here, I suppose.. Take it, please, Mr. Foater. I've read it all through. * Mr. Westbrook'a got the family plate hecause she wished it to go with the name, and we've got all the rest.; Thank you, Mr. ;AVestbrookj for locking me upyester day. -.- I'm very, much obliged ; to j'bu. . We should never have found Aunt Plan's will if you hadn't been so savage with me for nothing.'':^-, y/'- ,??::?: ^.'???^.????'''?^'?-'?.:.i:- '? ??'?..,,? '? ??' *-. ;' ^f-.r,.;- '? '?.-.. That sting 'rankled in Mr. Wpstbrook's memory for many a day, but he raude a rapid retreat after his unexpected rout, taking himself disgustedly off to hia own wealthy home before that same.night set in. Abbot's Grange and all appertaining thereto came to what kind old Miss Pleaaance used to call -her 'imitation grandchildren.' The ser van ta not their legacies and kept their places. Pretiy' Olive got in honest John Foster a better husband than she might ever have chanced on had she been known mistress of her handsome fortune. Toots is living into a tenderly cherished old age, and Squirrel, now a smart young officer in the Koyal Engineers/gives himself a congratulatory pat upon the buck whenever he recalls that May day's exploration and its wonder ful results. ? ? ? .. . ? 