HE FELL IN LOVE WIFE. WITH HIS BY BE,'. E. P. ROE. CHAPTER II, (Continued.) A VERY INTERESTED FRIEND, At times, during these lonely and stormy March days, he would dismiss his anxious speculations in regard to his'future course. He was so morbid, especially at night, that he felt that his wife could revisit the quiet house. He cherished the hope that she could see him and hear what he said, and he spoke in her viewless paesence with a freedom and fulness that was unlike his old reticence and habit of repression. He won- . dered that he had not said more endearing words and piven ht>r stronger assurance of how much she ~was to bis. Late at night, he would start out of a long .reverie, take a canule, and, going through the house would touch what'she had touched, and look long and fixedly at things associated with , her. Her gowns still bung-in the closer, .just as she had -left them : he .would lake them out and recall the well- remembered scenes and occasions when they were worn. At such 8p iT' times, she almost seeme(l beside him, and he liad a consciousness of companionship which soothed his per- ,turbed spirit. He felt that, she appreciated such loving retiiembrance although unable to express her " approval. He did not know it, but his nature was being softened, deepened, and enriched by these deep and uiiwontei experiences ; the hard materiality of his life was passing away, rendering him capable of something better than he had ever known. In the morning, all the prosaic problems of his life would return, with their haid, practical insistence, and he knew that he. must decide upon something very soon: His lonely vigils and flays of quiet had brought tan? to the conclusion that he could not hunt up a Wife as^-matter of business. He would rather face the -f ever angry bears" than breathe the-subject of •^matrimony to any womail that he could ever imagine •-^Jiimself marrying. He was therefore steadily drifting .towards the necessity of selling everything and going away, "This .event, however, Was like u coral-reef to a f^'.vsaUur, "with po land in view beyond it. The only >5 , -- tfaing- whioh tjeemi^t certain was the general breaking up of all that had hitherto madeJiis life. The o&tr-oMielp; tame fk>m W nhexpefcttd source. One morning, Holcroft received a call Irom a neighbour who had pever before shown any interest in his affairs. On this occasion, however, Mr. Weeks began to display so much solicitude that the farmer was not only surprised, but also a Jittle distrustful. Nothing in his previous knowledge of the man had prepared the way for such' very kindly intervention. . • Alter some general References to the past, Mr. Weeks continued, " l>e been Baying to our folks that it waj loo-bad to let you woriy on alone without more neighborly help. You ought either to get married or have some thorouglily respectable and well-known middleaged woman keep house for you. That would stop all talk, and there's been a heap of it, I can tell yon. Of course, I and my folks don't believe anything's been wrong." '• .Believing that something was wrong, is about p.11 the attention my neighbors have given me, as far asi can see," Holcroft remarked, bitterly. " Well, you see, Holcroft, you've kept yourself so inside yonr shell that people don't know what to believe. Now, the thing to do ia to change all that. I know how hard it is for a man, placed as you be, to get decent help. My wife was wondering about it the other day, and I shut her up mighty sudden by saying. ' You're a good manager, and know , all the country side, yet how often you're a complaining that you can't get a girl that's worth her salt to help in haying and other busy times when we have to board a ljt of men.' Well, I wont beat around the bush any more. I've -come to act the part of a good neighbour. There's no use of your trying to get along with such hap-hazaid help as you cau pick up here and in town. You want a respectable woman for .housekeeper, and then have a cheap, .common sort of girl to work under her. Now, I know of juBt such a woman, and it's not unlikely she'd be persuaded te take entire charge of your house and dairy. My wife's cousin, Mrs. Mumpson."—at the mention of this name. Holcroft gave a slight start, feeling something like a.cold chill run down his back. Mr. Weeks was a little disconcerted, but resumed, ''I believe she called on your-wife once.!" •• Yes," thp-farmer replied laconically. " I was away and did not see her.', '•Will, now, 1 ' pursued Mr. Meek-, " she's a good soul. She has her'little peculiarities ; BO have you and me. a lot of 'eiii ; but she's thoroughly respectable, and there isn't a man or woman in the town who would think of saying a word against htr. Sbe has only one child, a nice quiet little girl who'd be company for her mother, and make everything look right, you know." • I don't see what there's been to look wrongs growled tbe farmer. f - Nothing to me and my folk*, of course, or wouldn't suggest the idea of a relation of my wite coming to livu with you. But you see people w talk uuless you stop their mouths so they'll feel like foul* in .doing it. I know yours has been a mighty awkivard vase, and here's » plain way out of it. You can set yourself right and have everything looked after as it ought to be, in twenty- four hours. We've talked to Cynihy—that's Mrs. Mumpson—and she takes sghtof interest. She'd di well by you and straighten things out, and you might do a plaguey sight worse than give her the right to take care of your indoor affairs for life.'' _ " I don't expect to marry again," said Holcroft curtly. •'Oh, well, many a man and woman has said that and believed it, too, at the time. I'm not saying that my wife's cousm is inclined that way herself. Like enough, sheisn't at all, but then,.the right kind^f per suuding does change women's minds sometimes, eh 1 Mrs. Mumpson is kinder alone in the woiid like your self, and it she was sure of a good home and a kind husband there's no telling what good luck might happen to you. But there'll be plenty of time for con sidering all that on both sides. You can't live like a hermit"- 1 was thinking of selling out and leaving these parts," Holcrott interrupted. '•Now look here neighbor, you know as well as I- do that in these times you couldn't give away tbe place. What's the use of such foolishness ? The thing to do is to keep the farm and get a good living out ot it. You've got down in the dumps and can't sec what's sensible and to your own advantage." Holcrolt was thinking deSftly, and he turned his eyes wistfully to the upland slopes of his farm. Mr. vVeeks had talked plausibly, and if all had been as he represents!. the plan would not have been a bad one. But the widower did not yearn for the widow. He did not know much about her, but bad very unfavorable im- pressions. Mrs. Holcroft had not been given to speaking ill of anyone, but she had always shaken her head with a peculiar significance when Mrs. Mumpson's name was mentioned. The widow had felt it her duty to call and counsel against the sin of seclusion and being too much absorbed in the affairs of this world. ,'• You should take an interest in every one," this self-appointed evangelist had declared, and in one sense she lived up to her creed. -She permitted no scrap of information about people to escape her, and was not only versed in all the gossip of Oakville, but also of several other localities in which she visited. But Holcroft had little else to deter him from employing her services beyond an unfavorable impression. She could not be so bad as Bridget Malony, and he was almost willing to employ her again for the privilege of remaining cm his paternal acres. As to marrying'the widow,—a siight shudder passed through his frame at the thought. • Slowly he began, as if almost thinking aloud, " I suppose you are right, Lemuel Weeks, in what you 6ay about selling the place. The Lord knows I don't wan't to leave it. I was born and brought up here and that counts with some people. If your wife's cousin is witting to come and help me make a livipg,- for such wages as I can pay, -the arrangement might be made. But I want to look on it as a business arrangement. T have quiet ways of my own, and things belonging to the past to think about, and I've got a right to think about'em. I .ain'tone of the marrying kind, and I don't want people to be a considering such notions when I don't. I'd be kind and all that to her and her little girl, but I want to be left to myself as far as 1 could be.' 1 "Oh, certainly," Eaid Mr Weeks, mentally chuck- Hug over the Blight prospect of such immunity, "but you must remember / that Mrs. Mumpson isn't like common help,"— " That's where'the trouble will come in," ejaculated the perplexed farmer, " but there's been trouble enough with the other sort." " I should say so," Mr. Weeks remarked emphat ically. "It would be a pity if you couldn't .get aloog with such a respectable, conscientious woman as Mrs. Mumpson, whD comes from one of the best families in the country.•' .. Holcroft retnoved his.hat and passed his hand over his brow wearily as he said, " Oh, I could get along with anyone, whb 'would do the work in a way that would give mp, a ch an'ce to make a little, and then leave me to myself," . "'Well, well/' said Mr. Weeks, laughing, ."you needn't think that because I've hiuted at a good match for you I'm making one for my wile's cousin. You may eee-the day when you'll be more hot for it than sheds. All I'm trying to do is to help you keep your place, and live like a man ought, and stop people's mouths.•' If I could only fill my own and live in peace, it's all I ask. When I get to ploughing and planting again I'll begin to take some comfort." These srorJs were quoted against Holcroft for and near. " Filling his own mouth and making a little money are all be cates for,', was the general verdict. And thus people are misunderstood. The farmer had never turned anyone hungry from his door, and he would have gone to the poorhouBe rather than have acted the part of the man who misrepresented him. He had only meant to express the hope that he might be able to fill his mouth,—earn his bread, and get it from his native soil. Ploughing and planting, 1 ' working where he had tailed since a child, would be a solace in itself, and not a giuged 1 mean6 to a sordid end, Mr. Weeks was a thrifty man also, and in nothing was he more economical than in charitable views of his neighbor^ motives and conduct. He drove homeward with the complacent feeling that he had done a shrewd, good thing lor himself and "his folks" at least. His wife's cousin was not exactly embraced in the latter category, although he had been so active in her behalf. The fact was, he would be at much greater pjins could lie attach, her to Holcroft or anyone else and so prevent further periodical visits. He regarded her and her child as barnaclas with such appalling adhesive powers that even his ingenuity at " crowding out " bad been baffled. In justice to him," it must be admitted that Mrs. Mumpsou was a type of the poor relation that would tax the long- suffering of charity itself. Her husband had left her scarcely his blessing, and if he had tied to ills he knew not of, he believed that he was escaping from some of which he had a painfully distinct consciousness. His widow was one of the persons who regard the " world as their oyster," aud her scheme ot Jifo was^to get as much as possible for nothing. Arrayed in mourning weeds, she had begun a system of periodical descents upon his relatives and her own. She might have made such visitations endurable and even welcome, but she was not shrewd enough to be sensible. She appeared to h\re developed only the capacity to talk, to pry and to worry people. She was unable to rest or to permit others to rest, yet her aveision to any useful form of activity washer chief characteristic. Wherever she went, she took the ground that shb was ''company," and, with a shawl hanging over her sharp, angular shoulders, she would teiz.e upon the most comfortable rocking-chair in the house, and mouse fur bits of news about every one of whom stie had ever heard. She was quite ready to tell all -she knew also, and for the sake, of her budget of gossip and small scandal, her female relatives tolerated her after a lashion for a time; but she had been around so often, and her scheme of subsistence for herself and child had btcome so offensively apparent, that she had about exhausted the patience ot all the kith and kin on whom she had the remotest claim. Her presence was all the more unwelcome by reason of the faculty for irritatiug the men of the various households which she invaded, iiiven the most phlegmatic or the best natured lost their self-control, and, as their wives' declared, " felt like flying all to pieces" at hex incessant rocking, gossiping, questioning, and, what was worse still, lecturing. Not the least endurable thing about Mrs. Mumpson was her peculiar phase of piety. She saw the delinquencies ana duties .of others with such painful distinctness that she felt compelled to speak ot them ; and her zeal was sure to instant out of season. When Mr. Weeks had started on his ominous mission to Holcroft his wife remarked to her daughter, confidently. " I declare, sis, it we don't get nd of Cynthy soon, 1 beljeve Lemuel will fly off the handle." To avoid any such dire catastrophe, it was hoped and almost prayed iu tbe Weeks household that the lonely occupaut of the bill farm would take the widow for good and all. CHAPTER III. MRS. MUMPSON NEGOTIATES AND YIELDS. Mr. Weeks on his return home, dropped all diplomacy in dealing with the question at issue. ''Gynthy." he said in his own verancular, the end has come so far as me and my folks are concerned,—I never expect to visit you, and while I'm master of the house, no more visits will be received. But I hain't taken any such _tand onconsiderately," he concluded. "I'vegivenup the whole forenoon to secure a better chance of living than visiting around. If you go to Holcroft's, you'll have to do some work, and so will your girl. BUD he'll hire some one to help you, and so you won't have to hurt yourself. Your trump card will be to hook him and marry him before he finds you out. To do this, you'll have to bestir yourself for a time at least. He's pretty desperate off for lack ot women folks to look after indoor matters, but he'll sell out and clear out before he'll keep a woman, much less marry her, if she does nothing but talk. Now- remember, you've got a chance you won't get again, for Holcroft not only owns his farm, but has a snug sum in the bank. So you had better get your things together, and go right over while he is in the mood. When Mrs. Mumpson reached the blank [wall of the inevitable, she yielded, and not before. She saw that the Weeks mine was worked out completely, and she knew that this exhaustion was about equally true of all similar mines which had been bored until they would yield no further returns. But Mr. Weeks soon found that,he could not carry oat his summary ^measures. The widow was bent on negotiations and , binding agreemjents.. In a stiff, csatoped hand, she wrote to HOlcrelt injregaid to the amount of "salary " he would be willing to pay, inti mating that one burdened with such responsioiiities as she was expected to assume " ort to be compansiated proposhundly." Weeks groaned as he dispatched hisjson on horseback with this first epistle, aud Holcroft groaned as he read it, not on account of its marvellous spelling and constructiod, but by reason of the vi-sta ot perplexities it opened to his boding mind. But lie named on half a sheet of paper as large a sum as he ielt it possible to pay and leave any chance for himself, then affixed his signature and 6ent it back by the messenger. The widow Mumpson wished to talk over this point between the high contracting powers indefinitely, but Mr. Weeks remarked cynically, " lt,s double what I thought he'd offer, and you're lucky to have it in "black and white. Now everything's settled, Timothy will hitch up and take you/anu Jne up there at once." But Mrs. Mumpson now began tp insist upon writing another letter in regard to her domestic statue and that of her child. They could not think Of being looked upon as servants. She also wished to be assured that a girl vyould be hired to help her, that she should — — —•r have all the church privileges to which she had been, accustomed and the right to visit and entertain her friends, wjnch meant every farmer's wife and all the • maiden Bisters inOakville,-, " And then,'" she continued,, there are always little perquisites which a housekeeper has a right to look for "— Mr. weeks irritably put & period to this phase of diplomacy by saying, "\yell, well, Cynthy, the stage will be along in a couple of hours. We'll put you aniyour things aboard aijid-yon. can go on with what you cal 1 your negotiations at eoasizi Abiram's I can tell you one thing though,—if yoa write any such letter to Holcroft, you'll never hear from him again." Compelled to give up all these preliminaries, but inwardly resolving to gain each point by a nagging persistence of which she was mistress, she finally declared, that she "must have writings about one thing which couldn't be left to any man's changeful mind. He must agree to give me the monthly salary he names for at least a year. Weeks tuought a moment, and then, with a shrewd twinkle ill his eyes, admitted, "It would be a good thing to" have Holcroft's name to such an agreement. Yes, you might try that on, but you're taking a riflk. If you were not so penny wise aud pound foolish you'd go at once and manage to get him to take you for ' better or worse.' " You misjudge me, cousin Lemuel," replied the widow, bridling and rocking violently. •' if there's any such taking to be done, he must get me to take him." •' Well, well, write your letter about a year's engagement. That'll settle you for a twelve month at least," Mrs. Mumpson again began the slow, laborious con- struction of a letter in which she dwelt upon the uncertainties of life, her " duty to her offspring," and the evils of " vicissitude." " A stable home is woman's chief •desire," she concluded > '• and you will surely agree to pay me the salary you have said for a year." When Holcroft read this second epistle he so far yielded to his first impulse that he halt tore the sheet, . then paused irresolutely. After a few moments he went to the door and looked out upon his acres. 'Ttill soon be ploughing time"' he thought. "I guess I can stand her—at least I can try it for three months. I'd like to turn a few more furrows on the old place,"' and. his face softened and grew wistful as he looked at the bare, frost-bound fields. Suddenly it darkened and grew stern as he muttered, " But 1,11 put my band to 110 more paper with that Weeks tribe.' 1 He strode to the stable, saying to Timothy Weeks as he passed' '• Jil answer tuis letter in person." Away cantered Timothy, and soon caused a flutter of expectancy iu the Weeks household, by announcing that " old Holcrott looked black aa a thiinder cloud and was coram 1 himself.'• " I Lell you what 'tis, Cynthy, it's the turn of a hair with you now," growled Weekd. "Uuless you , agree to whatever Holcroft says, you haven't a ghost of a. chance." The widow felt that a crisis had come. Ckiusin Abiram's was the next place in the order of visitation, but her last experience there left her in painful doubt as to a future reception. -Therefore she tied on a new cap, smoothed hef apron, and rocked with unwonted rapidity. "It'll be according to the ordering of Providence."— " Oh, pshaw 1" interrupted cousin Lemuel, ' : it,U be according to whether you've got any sense or not. 4 ' Mrs. Weeks had been in a pitiable State of mind all day. She saw that her husband had reached the limit' of his endurance—that he had virtually already ''Rbwn off the handle." But to have her own kin actually bundled out of the house—what would people say I Acceptance of Holcroft's terms, whatever they might be, was the only way out of the awkward predicament, and so she began a wheedling tone, " Now, coasiu Cynthy, as Lemuel says, you've got a first-rate chance, llolcrott's had an awful time with women, and he'll be glad enough to do well by any one who does fairly well by him. Everybody says he is well off, and once you're fairly there and get things in your own hands, there's no telling what may happen. He'll get a girL to help you, and Jane's big enough now to do a good deal, Why you'll be the same as keeping house like the rest of us." Further discussion was cut short by the arrival o£ the victim. He stood awkwardly in the door of the Weeks sitting room for a moment, seemingly at loss how to state his case. Mr. and Mrs. Weeks now resolved to appear neutral and allow the farmer to make his own terms. Then, like uther superior powers in the background, they proposed to exert a pressure on their relative and do a little coercing. But the widow's couiee promised at first to relieve them of all further effort. She sudc enly seemed to become aware o£ Holcroft's presence, sprang up and gave him her.hand very cordially. 'I'm glad to see you, sir," she began. "It's veryconsiderate of you to comc for me. 1 can get ready in. short order, and as foi Jane, she's never a bit of trouble- "Sit down, sir, and make .yourself to home while I get our things together and put on my bonnet;" and. she was about to hasten from the room. (To be Continued.) 