LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. FRIDAY, NOVE VIBE B 28TH. The SPEAKER took the chair at 7 p.m. Mr. SHENTON asked the Commissioner of Railways, when the amended time table would be issued, by which the 10 a.m. train to Fremantle would be resumed. The Hon. J. A. WRIGHT, in reply, said that he hoped by; the end of next week the arrangements would be arrived at '."- LJ TRUSTEE INVESTMENT BILL - ¿ The committee's report was adopted, and the third reading made an order of the day for the next sitting of the House. FAEKANTLB LOAM INDEMNITY BILL. The committee's report was adopted, and the third reading made an order of the day for the next sitting of the House. a " READ A THIRD TIME. The Life Assurance. Companies B U was read a third time.;, and passed. MESSAGE FROM THE GOVERNOR' The SPEAKER announced the receipt of a message from His Exellency the Governor, assenting to various Bills passed during the Session. LAW AND PARLIAMENTARY LIBRARY BILL The Bill was considered in committee, and agreed to with amendments. The Bill was reported to the House, and the consideration of the report made an order of the day for Monday, December 1st. SUPREME COURT ACT AMENDMENT BILL. The Bill was considered in Committee, and agreed to without amendment. The report was adopted, and the third reading made an Order of the day for Monday next. WATER WORKS BILL. This Bill was - recommitted, and on the motion of Mr. RANDELL, was amended by a provision stating that it should not be lawful for any council other than that of the City of Perth to contract for waterworks, until the proposal had been submitted to and approved by the ratepayers in the manner and form required, as by the Municipal Institutions Act, 1876, Part VIII., to book-' served in the raising of . loan. A further, amendment was proposed by Mr. RANDELL, having for its object the relief of the em- players from liability to penalties. On division, the amendment was negatived by 13 to 5. After further amendment, the third, reading was made an order of the day for' Monday next. WRECK ACT, 1887, AMENDMENT BILL. The Hon. C. N. WARTON in moving the second reading of the Red, explained that its object was to provide for inquiries into casualties (other than collision with a British ship) happening to a foreign ship belonging to a State represented in this colony. The Bill was read a second time, and its consideration in committee made an order of the day for Monday next. POSTAGE STAR ACTS AMENDMENT BILL. The Bill was read a second tiine.'aid'its consideration in committee made an order of the day for Monday next.? FEDERAL COUNCIL REFERRING BILL. The' Hon. C. N. WARTON. in moving the second reading, explained that this Bill was brought in to assist the Colony of Tasmania' in referring certain matters to the Federal Council. The motion was agreed to, and its consideration in committee made an order of the day for Monday next. \- PERTH TRAMWAYS BILL. of The Hon. J. A. WEIGHT moved' the second reading of the Bill. 2 Mr. A. FORREST said he had expected that before this Bill was introduced they would have heard something more about the promoters and their ability to carry out their, whimsy He considered that in this Bill]] some provision should be made for a deposit, for it did the colony a good deal of harm to. have these concessions hawked about, and he hoped that in future Bills of the kind, there, would be some protection given to the colony. Mr. PARKER, having ascertained from the Hon. J. A. Wright that Mr. Lehmann,! the promoter, had a monopoly of the tram Way said he should move that the Bill be read that day all souths. So far as he could learn Mr. Lehmann had not the ghost! of a chance of raising the money in- the other colonies, where he had been hawking these tramways about. "If this were allowed they would find these tramways like the Midland Railway, tied up. He moved the adjourned ment of the debate. Mr. MARMION supported the motion for adjournment, and said he was strongly opposed to these things being hawked about the other colonies, which was calculated to do the colony a good deal of harm. They were too hasty in allowing persons of whom they knew nothing to undertake things of this kind, which should be done by people of the colony. I Dr. SCOTT said the matter had been brought before the City Council hot by Mr. Lehmann, but by a prominent gentleman of this town, and they were informed that there was no doubt of the scheme being carried out., /?. j Mr. SANDELL supported the motion for an adjournment. The debate was adjourned. RETURN O> NATIVES AND NATIVE WIT NESSED TO THE DISTRICTS. Mr. BURT moved "That an humble address be presented to His Excellency the Governor, praying that instructions may be issued by the Government to all magistrates, and to the Police, that, in all cases where practicable, arrangements should be made for the safe conduct bac to their own country, of discharged native offenders and of native witnesses and that the engagement for service of such offenders or witnesses beyond the limits of their own country, Should not be encouraged by the Government." The hon. member referred to a case which had occurred at the Upper Ashburton where 89 offenders, were- arrested and, witnesses, amongst them' IS women, brought in. He gave the police credit, for doing their duty, but said there was no doubt the arrest was made in a warm time of the year (Christmas), and the report of the police shewed it was difficult for the natives to travel to Roebourne. The House would understand that when the case had been tried, 4 it would be still more difficult for the witnesses to return on account of the heart, and of their travelling through a hostile country without police protection. The hon, member then proceeded to entering the -pleasing art ' of entry tate women in service in' ftieho^rae/tluir desertion, and the subsequent deaths of four of them, and the w the circumstances of the case. and which have already appeared in the correspondence columns of thelfetlAUafralian Had the magistrate allowed those natives to go back with Mr-: Bresnahan, who had been willing to take them, they would have arrived safely. He thought the resolution he moved Was one the Government would assent to, and condemned the action which was taken with respect to those natives as being the reverse at what might be expected. He pointed out how" particular the Government were to sift out all cases against the settlers who were suspected of ' ill-treatment of natives, and thought the Government ought to look with equal carefulness into any in prudenVaetion of their over-zealous Sincere," which was attended with such lamentable results as the ass under notice.' ' jyib^A-JBORREST seconded the motion, and condemned the practice which it sought to improve. He considered the case which had been mentioned was one of the worst that could happen, and thought that instead of^Rettléftí being brought down and tried for various crimes towards natives some one was greatly to blame for the bringing in of these seventeen natives to Roebourne. While giving the police credit for the way in which they performed their duties, he expressed his astonishment at 17 witnesses being required to prove the charges against 28 natives, and said it had cost the colony £300. With regard to the late magistrate at Roebourne, he believed he had erred in good faith. The Hon. Sir M. FRASER explained the action of the Aborigines Protection Board, with reference to the discharged native offenders, to native witnesses, and natives generally. In every case, they made it their duty to see the offenders properly conveyed to their districts. With regard to the witnesses, the Miles were instructed to treat them with the utmost consideration, and the Board altogether discouraged the engagement of natives out of their districts. He looked with favour upon this address, as it would encourage the Government and the Board in their present line of policy. The motion was agreed to. TECHNICAL EDUCATION. Mr. RANDELL! moved. "That an humble address be presented to His Excellency the Governor, asking him to be pleased to appoint a Commission for the purpose of considering and reporting as to the desirability and practicability of introducing technical education into the more important Government Boys' Schools and the High School, Perth. AteVtWhethef assistance in this direction could with advantage to the general interests of the colony be extended to other boys' schools from public funds.11'*' The hon: member, in the course of his remarks, urged the great necessity, as it appeared to him, of giving''the'young in this colony, early pre- paratory training in various branches of national education, and read extracts from a lecture describing the physical, psychological and other advantages to be derived by the scholars from such a course. The motion which was supported by the Hon. Sir M. Fraser, Mr. Burt, Mr. Parker, Mr.-)Congdj>Dç,-anoV the,Hon.''J. A. Wright,, was agreed to. 'if" . -APPROPRIATION' BILL. The Hon. Sir M. FRASER moved the first reading of the Bill to appropriate the sum of three hundred and a fifteen thousand two hundred and seventy-seven pounds thirteen shillings out of the general, revenue of the colony, for such services as shall come in course of payment during the year one thousand eight hundred and ninety. The Bill was read a first time, and the second reading made an order of the day for Monday next. IMPROVEMENT OF THE RECREATION GBOUND.(|>: , _ _ The Hon. Sir M FRASER moved': " That the resolution of the committee on the loan estimate'»;11,890, adopted by the House on the 12th' November, be rescinded, and the loan estimates be recommitted, for the purpose of amending the item, 'Greatest Municipal Council of Perth, to purchase engine for pumping water from River Swan, £500,' by omission of the words to purchase engine for pumping water from River Swan and by" the insertion of the words to further extend and improve the New Recreation Ground.' ' Dr. SCOTT supported the motion, which had for its object, he said, a work which would not only improve the Recreation Ground, but would also improve the health of the city. Mr. SHENTON supported the motion, and pointed out that the ratepayers had agreed to tax themselves for a water supply, and thought that in such a case as that the money origteaUjrrvoted for the engine might well revert to the City Council, for the improvement of the Recreation Ground. Mr. PATERSON thought the amount ought rather to be) added to the vote for Roads. The motion was also supported by Mr. Marmion, Mr. A. Forrest, Mr. Randell, Mt. Congdon, and Mr. Keane, said was agreed to. The item was than ooa«i««r«dinoo«imitt and agreed to. The amendment was reported and the report adopted. pEPEsfpE- 66 KING, , GEORGE'S SOUND. The Hon. Sir M. FRASER moved, " That this Council approves, ntr regards this colony, of the payment H for Albany defences stated in the correspondence His Excellency's Message No. 1, dated 8th November, 1889\. The hon. gentleman said that hon. members would see by His Excellency's Message, that the Secretary of State very clearly set and what was the species of fortifications discussed by the Colonial Conference, and what were the present views of Her Majesty's Government on the matter. He' read extracts from Lord Knutsford's despatch describing the means proposed to be taken for the defence of Albany, towards the cost of which the Government were prepared! to contribute 426, 400, and if this colony contributed £5000, the other colonies would contribute as follows: New South Wales, £278,0, ; Victoria, £279'; Queensland, £993 ; South Australia, £802 ; Tasmania, £374; New Zealand, 1558. The, cost of upkeep, was self-sown at 2353 of which this colony would contribute one' fourth, £878, New South Wales £788, Vic tory £792"Qoeensl and" £2.81, 8outh'Ausir*-' lia £227, Tasmania £106 and New Zealand £441.' Hon. members would understand that the motion meant that this colony should contribute £5,000 towards the construction of the defences, and £373 annually towards the upkeep of the fort, these being the terms which were assented to at the Colonial Conference. The House was not asked this' session for any supplies, but merely to affirm' the question. Mr. SHENTON moved the adjournment of the debate till Monday evening, which was agreed to. COMMITTEE OF ADVICE. Upon the motion of '"the Hon. Sir M. FRASER, the House proceeded to the election of four unofficial members to serve on the Committee of Advice under the Audit Act, with the result that Mr. Loton, Mr. Morrison, Mr. Shenton, and Mr. Sholl were elected. PROTECTION OF KANGAROOS. Mr. VENN moved " That in the opinion of this House, it is desirable the Government should, at an early date, bring into the Legislative Council a Bill for the better protection of Kangaroos, by declaring a close session! He was strongly advised that if the present indiscriminate destruction of Kangaroos went on much longer there would be none left to kill, and this he deprecated, the skins of these animals forming such a valuable article of export. Mr. SHENTON supported the motion. Mr. SHOLL thought the Bill would have to be limited to the south as the Kangaroos in the north were becoming a pest, and were useless as an article of export. l-Mr-DEBAMEL supported the motion. Sir THOMAS CAMPBELL failed to the object in preserving an animal which was generally regarded by cattle dealers and sheep dealers as a great pest, and should vote against the motion. Mr. PATERSON supported the motion, but thought on account of the difficulty of ascertaining what was the close season, it would be" better to prohibit the killing of kangaroos for a certain period. upon" the motion of Mr. MARMION, the resolution was amended so as to read that the Government should consider the desirability of introducing a Bill, and also by striking out all the words after " Kangaroo.'' Reevesby of ADJODBNIOtNT. , 2 The Council adjourned from 10.20 p.m. till 7 p.m. on Monday, December 2nd. 'No BREAKFAST, NO MAN," is an old saying, but those who cannot make a hearty wide favourite 'is CADBURY'S COCOA it is absolutely pure. This and its high quality have " "Pt third F,. J _r mable value to all Pfirion,' remove cal aid,, and the numerous testimonials that continually flow to the proprietor is an ample proof of the worth, of this invaluable' near paration »'."- ' . i 