CHAPTER XXXVII. LADY CECILIA'S CRIME. It was Into in May, and Lord Strath" epoy had been lyiri<r ill at " The Firs ' fur a couple of weeks. His malady was bniin-fever. of a most aggravated typo, and tho medical men would not suffer hi in to bo moved. Moreover, Lady Drnmmond would not agree to it. Ho was one of her oldest friend.-;, and sho felt it a privilege to bu able to iidminister to his wants, poor, ?ifoless man that-he was 1 Theearl was" very ill, and in imminent danger of death. The gravo doctors win ued-Lndy Neville that she must be p'epurod for-the worst. She and Lady P. url were permanently established at "Tho Firs," until tho crisis of the di sease should be over. , Sir Bayard Brompton had returned to London, and Lord Angus lived in solitary Ktate at the Towers, riding over to Lady Drummond'a every day, to learn how his father was progressing. At last there came a night when the final crisis was at hand. The peer lay like a ghost upon his pillows, his breath coming in panting jjosps, and the doctors, with grave faces, surrounded him. Lady Neville was on ber knees in her own chamber, and poor little Pearl had sob bed herself into a troubled sloep *, but Lady Cecilia Drummond never left the sick man's pillow. Sho stood and watched him with 4 kind of fascinated horror, counting each gasping breath, her hands locked, her white teeth set, her black eyes glittering. It was her work, and yet at that moment she would freely nave given the soul from her body to un do it. The tiny French clock on the mantel ticked away the laggard moments, and the doctors stood like so many statues, scarcely seeming to breathe. Lady Cecilia's eyea never once left the white, death-stricken face. " Oh, if ho might live, if he might live," was the ono cry of her heart. Sho could not pray. Sho knew no God, she had no hope of heaven, this beautiful and high-born lady. All her hopes were centered in life 1 And in that terriblo moment, all her love, fierce and selfish love it was, blazed up afresh in | her heart, like a consuming fire. The little clook struck for midnight, and the doctors exchanged glances. For one moment their patient lay breathless, his eyes closed, his hands lying limp and white on the coverlid. Then there came a sudden, gasping sigh, the sealed eye lids fluttered, the labouring breathing subsided, and a gentle sleep fell upon the sufferer like a benediction. " He'll live," said the doctors, in a breath, " the danger's past 1" Lady Cecilia uttered a cry of joy, and fled away to her own chamber to weep, the passionate tears she could not re strain. Her paroxysm of emotion over, sho flung the casoment wide open, and sat down to reflect. . All her mad, selfish, passionate nature was in a tumult, but supreme above every other feeling was her love, the love which neglect and coldness and time had failed to subdue. Sho had worked for her re venge upon this man who had played her false, and in the end, when her way was clear, she found the old love rising up, stronger even than her hate. Sho bared her qtioonly-head to the night winds, and raised her troubled gaze to the Bilont, starlight sky, and let her thoughts rove back to those early days, when her hopes were so bright; ?"I could win himyot," she said, at last, between her set teeth, " I could wear the coronet I always coveted, if I were only free !" . , . Sho hissed the words out in a kind of sibilant whisper, and her eyes wondered through an open door into tho chamber where poor old Sir Varnoy lay. A benig nant, generous old man, with a heart as tender and simple as a child's, and only ono failing, his weak, indulging love for the woman who was his wife. Her eyes wandered toward the cham ber, full of passionate scorn and con tempt. She could see him lying on his couch, his silver hair streaming over the pillow and around his peaceful face. " The old dotart!" she murmured, her fine lips curling. " Will he livo forever, I wonder ? I married him for his gold— why can't he die now, and sot mc free why can't he ?" In the soft spring moonlight that streamed through' the casoment hor face looked like the face of a beautiful fiend. " I could win him. All things prosper with mc. I could be Countess of Strath spey yet, ifl were only free !'' fc>ho uttered tho words in a kind of breathless way, and her fascinated gaze still sought Sir Varney's chan ber. Ouco in hor mind, tho horrible idea seemed to possess and control her. She arose softly, and crossed into the room on tiptoe. ?'Strong and healthy—he'll live for ever!" she uttered, gazing down upon tho sleeping baronet's face; "and I am bound to him. What a fool I was I Not even his gold and title were worth this. Why can't tho old fool die ?" Once give way to a temptation and it haunts you to the end. Lady Drum mond's face grew white and sot in the misty moonlight, and her oyos began to glittor with v baleful light. "Why not?", she murmured, in a hoarse, Bibilant whisper. " Better wo men than I am have done as bid. I can't livo on, fettered to an old dotard— I cau't—/ won't I" The passionate whisper holf roused Sir Varney; he turned on his pillow nnd murmured incoherently, Sho watched him with burning oyos till ho relapsed into sleep ; then she crossed tho room and entered a small closet, fitted out like a cabinet, with innumerable rows of bottles on the shelvos. Ono of these sho selected —a tiny, slondor vial, filled with a whitish kind of mixture—and putting it in her bosom, re-looked tho cabinet and returned to tho chamber. Sir VarHey was stirring again, and slightly moaning, as.if in pum. Presently he raised himself to a Bitting posture, and his eyes fell upon his wife. 022 'VWhy, Cecilia 1" ho said, in the kind voice with which he always addressed hor; ?' why are you up so late, child 1 Wlmt'a the matter? Iβ tho earl worse 1" " No ; he'e bettor, Sir Varney." "Well, I'm truly glad. Cecilia, my lovo, would you mind bringing mc a glass of wine? I havo such a strange, unpleasant Bensation 1 1 must havo had a rush of blood to the brain, or something 'of tho kind." * .?'.'. ~ ..'?." i His wife arose with alacrity. Sho had hearkened to the voice of the tempter, and he was prompt to aid her. Here was her opportunity. Shu crossed to the littlo table upon which the wine servico atood, and turn ing her back, upon her husband, poured out a glass ; tfien, without an instant's hesitation, she drew the little vial from her bosom, and removing the cork, poured about half tho whitish mixture into the wine. It was; all done,, and the vial re-hiddun in her bosom, in the space of a breath. "?Will you drink it' undiluted, Sir Varney V. she asked, approaching tho bod. ' "Yes, my dear, I'll take it just co. I'm feeling mist-rably" weak." She put the glass in his hand, and he drained it at a draught. " Why, child, lie taid, " it has a bitter ish taste, or perhaps ray tongue's fevered. There, shat will do," as she smoothed out his pillow. "Thank you, my love, aiid J'm sorry to have trbublod you. Go to bed now—please do. You'll be ill to morrow, and I don't like to aeo my dar ling's cheeks palo." She turned .to leave him, and had half crossed tho room, when he called her back. "Cecilia," he said, "I'm foolish and childish to-night Won't you kiss mc once before you go P I believe if you do I shall be able to sleep." She turned back, and kissed him with out a word. "Myoeautiful darling, my own, own wife," he murmured, stroking her head caressingly. tt She hurried from the bedside and out of the room, her face looking awfully white and horror-stricken. "I am free—l am free," she whis pered,* in a dazed sort of way, as she entered her own apartment and locked herself in. (To be (ontintud.) 