CGARDINAL aMORAn AT HOBART. INVESTITURE OP ARCHBISHOP MURPHY. (aT ELECTRIe TELECBArX.) HOBART, Mix 12. A vast congregation assembled at St. Mary's Cathedral at the morning servise to-day. The edifice was crowded in every part, chairs and forms having to be intro duced, and even then sitting accommoda tion could not be provided for all. There were many present from other denomina tions, anglican and non-conformist. His I?roollency the Governor, Lady Hamilton, the Private Secretary (Mr. H. W. B. Robinson), and Sir Lambert and Lady Dobson, were furnished with special seats. The church was beautifully and tastefully decorated with flowers and banners, whilst outside an arch with flags and wreaths had been erected. At 11 a.m. the precession, which started from the Bishop's palace, entered the Cathedral, headed by Cardinal Moran, who appeared in the cardinal robes and cap denoting his ofleco, followed by archbishops, prelates, deans, and other dignitaries and priests, the deacons (Dean Woods and Archdeacon Hogan) and three acolytes, bearing the Cardinal's train. Dr. Murphy was attended by Fathers Noone and Feehan, and proceeded up the central aisle to the altar, his Eminence the Cardinal taking his seat on the archi episcopal throne. The Arohbishop of Adelaide (Rev. Dr. Reynolds) pontificated at High Mass, the Very Rev. Dean Beechiner being assistant priest, and Fathers Hennebry and Murphy acting as deacons to Dr. Reynolds. Dr. Glecson acted as master of the ceremonies. After the Communion had been jelebrated, the Very Rev. Dr. O'Haran, the Cardinal's shaplain, removed his Eminence's cappa, and vested him in the white cope, mitre, and pastoral staff. Archbishop Murphy was robed in full canonicals by his deacons, and was accompanied by them to the altar. The pontificial brief or papal commission was then passed by Cardinal Moran to Dean Beechinor, who read it to the congregation first in the original and then in an English translation. Archbishop Murphy kneeling before his Eminence at the altar made the prescribed profession of faith of Pops Pius IV., and took the oath of allegiance to the Roman See. Cardinal Moran then read the prayers ordered for the occasion, and then invested Archbishop Murphy with the pallium. His Grace, Archbishop Murphy, then blessed the congregation, and imparted the kiss of peace to Cardinal Moran and to eaeh prelate. The clergy next approached and kissed Archbishop Murphy's ring as token of sube.issionto his archiepiscopal authority. The cere mony over, Cardinal Moran resumed his cardinal robes,and attended by his deacons and aeolytes preceeded from the altar to the pulpit, selecting as his text St. John's Gospel, 17th chapter, 17th to 24th verses inclusive. His Eminence, in commencing what was a very eloquent discourse, referred to that marvellous unity of the Church apon which the Divine Saviour had been pleased to set his seal, and upon the holy sacrifice as instituted by Christ Himself, and offered daily upon a thousand altars, giving glory to God, pleading formeroy to asinful world, and opening the fountains of grace to all that believed on Him. The Saviour breathed His blessing on the Holy Church, that all the children of meo might believe in Him through the Holy Ghost. It was a blessed thing to be associated with the ages past, and with the church of glory that awaited them in the future. Imperial Rome had marshalled all its strength to combat the Church of Christ, but the blood of martyrs became the seed of history, and their merits and victories were their heritage to-day. Wild hordes from r overpowered and ploiotlhrod o s the avenging measengers of the rof od, bnt when they had done r work and retired, Christian mis es went forth to soften the hearts dEse the souls of the barbarians, d now the triumphs of the zeal and rotednes of the, missionaries were the heritance of the children of the Church. hio worked its wicked way, am men sought to seize the wealth of n, m of evil hearts tried to turn the t h to their designs, and lustful ree to win her approval of their eand deeds, and had the Sovereign tielded tothe wishes of Henry the iand Queen Elizabethof England that jtest jwel in the Churches diadem od not have been lost to her; but the i Pontiff -as firm. ana the m of her pontiffa was the possession her children to-day. Ages miglit pass, the Church remained bno and uni sal. The prayer of the Saviour that her e might be one held as good at present time as in the days of the tes, Strengthening Him with His own iese strength Christ had selected one of !disciple0s as rock upon which His buth should be founded. Looking into efuturothe Saviour saw Satan seeking p erecution, schism, and heresy, to rtroy that church, but the enemy must I, because that church was founded upon herO of St. Peter. Their fathers in the tn psst had loved to emblazon on the all, of the catacombs the sacred story of it building His church on St. Peter, d ?e of these scenes the preacher him of had beheld in the secret recoptaolos of ,hartyrs of old. It was the repreesolu - i0e of the ascent of-Elijah into Heaven, od the descent of, his mantle os Elisha, but in this scene he Saviour was ascending, and St. eltr was pourtrayed as receiving his "ino Master's mantle as a sign of the sparation to him of authority and power. hs prescher then referred to the scene, nttly 45 years ago, when the first bishop, rWillson, was enthroned in that diocese o the humble church of St. Joseph'o, a shop who, by his untiring labburs to meliorate the condition of the unhappy risoners asd those worn out in body and ind, had eon a foremost place in the list Spholasthropista. To- day, how different he scene, when their venerable Bishop ,s surrounded by archbishops and pre tee, and faithful priests lathered from or to do him hlonour. It had pleased od that institutions designed to bear ighty fruit should be cradled in tom and adversity. The Australasian lurch had been assailed by tribu ation and storm, and in this colony, he fairest of the group, the Church i been beset by contentions, divisions, I dissensions perhaps more hurtful even hsn persecution, but those days of sorrow ad passed, and the clouds of affliction had elted away. Forty-five years ago dioceses hose prelates were now present were any of them unheard of. That of Ade side was unknoown the sees of Grafton it Goulbourn Were villages, but great ere their proportions to-day. The national mpire to which they belonged was vaster han any other under the sun, compre ending more people and tonghes and relter resources of commerce. Heo be lyved it was destined in God's good time boesfleldforthe Holy Church, the scene I her greatest victories. The standard of he cross was the standard of redemption i onlightenmelet, and a.great mission wu opening in that southern isle. To-day e mantle of authority that was pictured Itheold catacomb scene as deesending pon St. Peter had been bestowed by the sly Pontiff upon the prelate who so wisely led that portion of his realm, and the eacher prayed that the devoted pastor io had that day received the special ledge of authority and union with the See, might continue to lead his lidren in the paths of Christ, sanctifying cd enlightening them, and guiding them ! his own saintly life so that when the Divine Sen shall come His hands may be ousd full of merit., and virtues, and oas of glory be the inheritance of his och. Hlaing concluded his discourse, Which vs listened to with rapt attention, his Eminence re-entered the sanetuary, gave a solemn blessing to the congregation, and he procession of prelates and eeclesiastics reforming marched out of the church to the sacriety, where his Eminence hold a eree. His Excellency the Governor, Sir lambert Dobson, and several other promi n?nt gentlemen were presented and then left for their homes, the ecclesiastical party retorning to the palace. The very effi cient choir of the cathedral, under the onductorlship of Mr. . M'Cann, and sited by a band of eight instruments, under Mr. J. Browne, endered the music, :ommncing with the procseaional marsh, and comprising "Kyrie,"" Gloria," "Sanc ton,""Agnus Dei," from Mozart's Twelfth Mass, and "Credo" from Farmer's Mass. hiese, Thornton and Bingham and Mr. Johnson were the soloists, and a solo choros was rendered at the conclusion, Mi- Shields ably officiating as organist. At vespers Cardinal Moran was again pro sent and gave the pontifica blessing. 