Woveliet, The Midnight Prophecy OR, HEIR OF STRATHSPEY TOWERS. \- ,JSy Emma Garrison Jones, GHAPTEU XII. HOMUIWH. Tho countess and Judith «lrow nonr tho Jjttlo fnrm*houao, It waa a pretty, Bnug placo/nTiox of a cottage all over, hung Avitliiumung1 croopera, with quaint lat ticed windows, and sloping oaves, beneath .which tho wrcna nnd martins twittered. .A square, green yard, shaded by a giant, oak, beneath which an old man, wearing the simple garb of a Tyrol peasant, sat, tinkering at a broken shoep-boll, which ho waa vainly trying to mend. \- Aa alio approached tho wicket-gate, the countess grow deadly white, and leaned heavily on Judith's arm for support. "Oh, Judith,"*alio murmured, "how familiar everything seems I I feol aa if I had livod here!" " Yes, my lady," replied tho girl, her own cheeks very pale, and her voico un steady ; " there's not one thing different j .I. oven remomber tho peculiar malco of Uio windows, nnd that smooth, worn stone at (he door. Oh, it is vory strange P They oponed tho wicket and crossed tho green yard. The old peasant dropped his bell and rose to his feet at their ap proach. 1' My lady is faint this morning," spake Judith, " Would you bo good enough to Jot her have a drink of fresh milk ?" . " Ay, ay, io bo sure,'' replied the old man, nothing incessantly. Come in, come .-in;'my old woman's laying tho dinner now-come right in." They followed him across the smooth alone atop, and through the vine-shaded doorway ; and there, in the centro of the Svluto, sanded floor, stood a square table, act out with shining pewter platters. , Lady Strathspey gasped her breath, and clung tightly to Judith's arm. The wife, who sat in the chimney corner, with her spectacles on h or nose, ?oaq up with a startled exclamation. ' " "Why, bless mo !" sho cried, seizing upon the countess, and assisting her to a seat on the wooden settle. " Poor thing 1 what aila her ?" She's ill and faint," explained Juifch, "and camo to beg a drink of now milk." '.And sho shall have it," continued the i,ld woman; " but sit yo down yoursolf," »-ho added, glancing at Judith's white cheeks, "Yo aro like a pair of ghosts, ?both of yo. Gomo, sit down, and I'll ilmvo tho dinner 011 tho table in a wink. "Tin tho very thing, too, ns'll suit yo, be igaUing-chicken broth and dumplings, J» ml a drop of beer to wash it down ; my nld man always wants it when he's ailing. Cumo, sit ye down !" , Judith obeyed, sitting down beside her iniatresa, and the woman Hew about, got 1 tiligher aavory meal upon the table, while hor husband sat 011 the si0110 door-sill, slapping nfc the llioa tliut buzzed in the noun sunlight. . FroBontly a gleeful shout and a ripling burat of childish laugh tor broke upon tho silence, and from a little back bed-cham ber a little fellow, some throe summers old, came dancing into tho room. Seeing tho atrangera, ho camo to a sud don halt, and stood like a statuo, his BOarlet smock-frock disclosing his round, bare lega and dimpled feet, and a queer little cap, ornamented with a long feather Burmounting his head, with his profuse flaxen ringlets. There I10 stood, his great blue eyes wide with childish wonder. "Why, llomulus, cried (he old woman, can't ye say how d'ye do to the ladies ! Havo yo forgot your manners ?" Romulus doited his plumed cap, and dippedihis curly (lax011 head. "How d'ye do, ladies?" ho eaid, obediently. At tho sound of the sweet, lisping voice, tho countess, who had sat. since tho child's nppearanco liko 0110 turned to stone, uttered a pathetic cry, and springing for ward, caught tho boy to her boaom. "Oh, my baby ! my lost darling 1 my own precious child !" she cried, between lier bursting sobs nnd passionate kiasoa; " I know T should find yon, you preoious lost lamb !" The old peasant and his wife alood. thunderatruck ; but tho littlo follow, no thing daunted, wound his chubby anna about tho lady's neck, and put hia ruddy cheek Bgainat hero, | . " Don't fey !" ho lisped, eritreatingly j I 1 Itoinmiq likes lady I-Rommio likes hor!" . , Do vo see, old man ?" quoth tho wife to, her husband, her voice full of pain. H What did I toll yo the night yo found him ? Didn't I say, just aa wo got our hearts set on him some line folks would come in and snatch him away ? Yea, I did j and I wish ye'd loft him to the milch goat., that I do." Whereupon, leaving hor dinner only half-dished, she sat down, and carrying hor apron to hoi' eyea, began to ory her self. Tho boy's quick eyes soon noticed hor, and clambering down from Lady Strath spey's knee, ho ran to hor aide. "Don'c oo ky, grand-mudder," he pleaded, tugging nt her apron ; "Hommie likes grand-mudder, too," Tho old man caught him up in liia arms. "Ho's mine ! tho boy's mine!" he said, almost savagely j " and I'll ,give him up to ono. His father and mother abandoned him to the mcroy of my miloh goat, and ho's mine, Tho countoss and Judith both uttored a simultaneous ory at this confirmation of j their strange droam, Tho old man regarded them with angry suspicion. "My good women," ho said, 11 what does all this moan ? Can't yo explain yourselves, and tell me what's the niat ter ?" By a strong effort Lady Strathspey con trolled herself and wipod tho streaming tears from her cheeks.. " My good sir," she replied, " tho ex planation I havo to give to you is a strango one, whioh possibly you may not bolievo -indocd, 1 cannot boliove it at times niyaolf ; but my maid horo oan boar mo out in what I havo to say." Whereupon she related all tho myster ious circumstances of tho disappearance of her babo on tho night of his birth ; and also tho strango dream which Judith had ] first dreamed and then horself, 1 And tho old man and his wifo listened in speechless amnzomont, whilo the sum mer sunshino crept slowly over tho sanded iloor, and the savoury dinner grow cold upon tho table. When she had finished thoy sat looking into each other's faces iii utter consternation. " It must bo that God sent us tho droam," continued tho countess, " for it haunted mo day and night ever since. I 1 CouM not rest one momont. And this morning tho instant my eyes behold this place I know it, and I know as surely, ah though another usurps hia place, that tho boy is my own, tlio babo who M as stolon from my arms in tho very hour of his birth, tho rightful heir to tho Earldom of Strothspoy Towers. "And now, my good pooplo," alio con tinued, " 1 havo told you my strango Btory, and I implore you to lot mo hear yours. Toll mo how and 'when you camo by this child ; and I pray thcro may bo some proof by which I can restore him to his rightful place." Tho old couple sat in utter silonco for a few moments, overwhelmed by what thoy hid heard. Tho idea that it was a young earl they had fostered filled them with absoluto affright. The old man spoke at Inst. " Old woman." ho said, drawing a long breath, and resuming hia seat on the, door sill, "you are glibber of the tongue than I am--you loll tho story, Tho old woman put Romulus from hor knee, and wiped her oyes with hor apron, " Talk of being glib of tonguo now," she began, u after hearing such a story as her-why,*tho very memory's beat out of me. I do doolaro it reminds mo of the old stories in the Bible 'bout tho days of the Apostles. But I'll do tho best I can, your highness," sho continued, bowing profoundly to the countess ; "and if my memory bo bad I'll stick to tho trulh ; 44 It was on tho tenth of January ; I re member that woll( 'cause our red liefer had a calf on New Year's Day-and on that very morning tho old man says, 'Old woman, tho rod heifer's calf bo ten day's old to-day, and you can begin to steal a mite of the drippings-you 'tend to her and I'll go and look after the goats.' So I wont kown to tho cattle-shed, and milked tho drippings, and fed the heifer, and camo homo and laid out dinner. By that time here comes the old man all of a flutter. 4 Molly,' ho said, 4 tho head milch goat ia missing;' and nothing would do but I must go and help him hunt hor. 44 Woll, away wo went, and a pretty tramp we had 1 Through tho valleys, and up tho mountains, till I thought I'should drop in my shoes. At last, way on tc - ward sundown, we spies hor, perched on tbo top of that bald cliff at tho loft yonder." "Oh, my lady 1" ejaculated Judith. " Go on, my good woman," urgod tho countess, " Woli, thcro sho bo perched right atop of the oliIV. 4 Why, old woman,' aays tho old man, 'she's got kids! Who'd h thought it'? You must go up and bring thorn down in your apron, whilo I fotch hor down.' " So up wo tussled, my vory bonos ach ing with pain, and Lord bless you, my dear lady, what d'yo 'sposo wo saw when wo reached hor ? Not a kid, but a litllo, live bnby, and it a suoking tho'goat, and its doar little mouth all wet with tho milk," Lady Strathspey covered her faeo, con vulsivo sobs shaking her from head to foot, "I didn't feel my achoaa bit after that," the old woman went on ; 411 takeg up tho child, and the old man ahouldora tho milch-goat, and down wo como," " Tho clothes !" gasped tho counlosa. Havo you tho clothes tho child had on whon you found him 1" 14 Yes, I kept them. « They may be of use to tho child one of these days,' aays tho old man. Hut that clay, as I was tell in' ye, wo brought tho child homo, and do you know my old man,ho takes the milch coat right into my back room, and there ho keeps hor, only turning hor out to graze onco in a while, and tho baby ho sucked tliat goat for vsix round months, and I never soo a child thrive aa ho did. "My old man used to be book-larned when ho was young," she went on, glanc ing admiringly at tho old shepherd on tho sunny door-step, " and ho says ho's road of a boy as a wolf suckled, and ho waa called Romulus-so nothing would do but tho baby bo named after him, So Romulus is hia nnmc." She paused an'.instant, her lips quiver. fug, "We've no children of our own," sho went on, at last, her voice shaking. "Wo had a boy once, as promising a lad asover lived, but he wont to sea, and waa lost fiftaeij yma ago, And we can't tell, my I lady, how wo took to this child I 'Heaven has Bent him,' the old man said,1 to cheer ua in our old ago.' Wo've done the .best we could for him, and it's lilco tearing out our hearts to give him up, but, heaving your story, I'm convinced that he's your child, and Heaven sent ye to find him," The old man drew tho wondering boy to hia arms, and resting his old forehead on hia flaxen head, sobbed like a child. Lady Strathspey was deeply moved. " My dear, good friends," ahe said, "don't grieve now, I'm not going to take the child from you. I shall want you to keep him for mo, a long time, perhaps, until I can get, proofs, and all that, to establish him in hia right place. Yon have never heard anght in regard to him, or found out how he came to tho mountain, I suppose ?" "Never a word, my lady," replied the old man, brightening up at the prospect of keep ingthe child. "My lady," whispered Judith, at this junc* tare, " here cornea Lord Strathspey," The CQimtesfl arose in consternation "It ia my husband," ahe exclaimed, " but I do not wish him to know about tho child yet. Please take him away." The old woman caught up tho boy, and rushed into the adjoining room, closing the door after her. " Take this," cried Lady Strathspey, draw ing a purse from her pocket, and forcing it into the old man's hand; " I will come again aoon, Be good to my boy, and may Heaven bless you," 0he reached tho wicket just ia time to meet the earl. He looked at her flushed oheeka and swollen eyes in amazement. " Marguerite," he said, as he drew her arm through his, " I was so impatient I came to seek you. For Heavon's sake, tell me what all this means ? What do you know of these people 1 What ails you ?" " Trust me, dearest Angus," she sobbed, clinging to his arm; "you shall know all aoon -only trust mo," And the earl conducted her bnck to the waiting carriages, with the awful suspicion growing stronger and atrongei in bia mind that Doctor llenfrew was right, and hia wife waa indeed in danger of in sanity. Lord Strathspey rode back to hia lodgingg, beaideg tho bewitching Lady Cecilia, in moody silence. All the spirit and seat of tho morning had left him, and tho fair siren put forth her cliarma and sorcerie.3 in vain; he scarcely noticed her, and forgot to reply to her when abo spoke. She drove her spur, into hor horse's flank, and set hor white teeth together in rage at her own ill-auccesa. My Lady Cecilia waa very vain, and nothing so exasperated her as to have her charma underrated. But ahe was likewise very reso lute, and she concluded to let the moody carl ride on in silence and bide her time. For aa sure aa the afternoon sunlight lay warm and bright upon tho green valleya of tho Tyrol, ahould that aelf.samo moody earl -this man who had dared, years before, to trifle with her-bo brought down at her very feet and made to expiate hia folly in sack* cloth and aahea. Had Lady Cecilia forgot* ten ? Had the memory of those old daya at Cavendish Manor faded from her?-those freah, hopeful days, when Bhe Baw a coro» net glimmering above her regal browa. and a life of love and triumph outstretching be fore her ? . Do women like her ever forget a wrojig or a disappointment? My lady set her white teeth and arched her graceful neck, and her blue-black eyea glittered with a balofw'i phosphorescent light, aa ahe galloped along by the earl'a side. 