[?] From;he LITERiEOBLb. JH AalttuwlZo Tdvan, jBy Charles B. Corning, (London Mil Paisley : Alexander Gardner); Aalesond ttTlfotdan is an account of a European tour made by an American gentleman who was not an a Lorry. Be knew how to drift, and wna'so happily master of cirenmatanocs as to be able to follow bis impulse whithersoever it might lead him. The book " opens with his departure from Eogtand for France — rid the Channel Islands, a route which he earnestly recommends to bis countrymen, adding regret fully : "Bat they won't take it." Sweden ivnft Norway, Germany and Russia, Italy and Spidn arc visited in turn. Daring his stay in Spain this flaneur cn voyage is tempted to run across to the African Coast and have a look at Tcfaao, and is amply rewarded for the effort Next after Aolcsand, Tetuan seems to have made the most lively impression upon his imhgin&lioo.; The charms of this Moorish stronghold were, perhaps, enhanced hy the difficulties of gaining bccceb to it. TETUAN BT NIGHT. " We came across camel trains and men on foot, end an hour before wc reached our des tination a brace of sturdy soldiers joined our little party ana kept wjtli us to tuc end. In the fast patberiug night-shades tbc indistinct evidences of wayside huts indicated the Dear- noss of TctuaO. The flickering lights and occasional voices were sights and sounds most grateful, for wc were fatigued to the bone, and hailed with delight the etonc bridge across a elaggish ftreain, for it brought us beneath the formidable whitewashed battlements of Tetuan. It was nine o'clock, and the gates had been closed since sundown ; but we all set up a mighty shouting supplemented hy vigorous poundings, a real international concert, in which many strange tongues commingled, but it ac complished its purpose and brought a solitary silhouette to the parapets, who with the solemnity of an official ghost, demanded what- we wanted. This uncalled for question must lx> prescribed in the governmental rubric, for our appearance ought surely to hare done away with imv surii interrogatory. After a long parley, in which mention of reward was ! frequently heard, the silhouette vanished, and j in due time, according to Moorish etiquette, two hours or so later, returned with & permit I from the commandant to enter. Even at mid night it was highly ludicrous to watch that Moorish functionary as he stood in the exas perating flicker of a lantern, and did his best to note our names as wc gnvo them. His big car-rings moved mechanically as he tried to catch tbc strange phonetics, hat be stuck to his task most faithfully, and after satisfying him self that he had secured our patronymics, we passed down the narrow inner walks, a weird l>and, I'm bound, and then 'through another creaking gate out into the great silent market place, hemmed in by solid blocks of square white houses with miniature easements like so many black eyes peering out upon the night. 1 do not rcincm1>cr meeting a living sou in that midnight transit of Tetuan. Dogs barked as a matter of course, but the prowling rounder or the drowsy watchman did not come upon the scene," In daylight the scene changed and the deserted streets became tbrongol with a motley aud picturesque crowd. zetl'ax bt dat. "The rabble is even more kaleidoscopic than at Tangier, aud all kiods and conditions of moa are met on the streets, the most abject and miserable creatures imaginable. Disease- stricken beggars s'.rctcb forth their palsied palou, for money, but nobody takes notice nf them. Then there came along the prosperous merchant, the oud«uiouthed hawkers of small ware, the fruit-vendore, the donkey boys with shrill pipings, and the sharp-eyed Jew with hands behind his back. Then come the Totuan women, with Btraw hats as large as cart wheels and faces bidden behind folds of linen, their eyes peering out and half smiling at Christian curiosity and modern trousers. Slaves with bare backs tugging at their work ; soldiers, counterparts of our mca-et-armr, with long l>ennpole- gnus slung over their shoulders ; hunters, with baskets of rabbits aud »artridges ; and many other comical and interesting figures of humanity, play their parts in the panorama of the African Orient. "Out in the spacious market -place were crowd? of people seemingly doing nothing but « \i>tinc, and yet many bidden current.-, enured beneath thai moving sea nf turbans and fezzos. The Moora appear Ftunid and meek, hut ilu-v wram mask, and N-liiud it they ke-p up a tolerable i thinking. Artfeans ply their tradis in dingy '< holes and otilar?. and the traders sit cross-legged | in their cuddy-bouses, wearing on their wari|iy , faces an expression of inter uneonc'-rn— aud yet, just b-'gin trading with one, and in a moment you will be surrounded with a vori- fcrou-s chamber uf commerce, anil then y..ii will uuder.- land how nnuu there ia behind the ' Moorish mask." Not content with the canonical sail up the Norwegian fiords, this untiling traveller pur chases a horse and trip and devotes himself to j an exploration of the interior. ttccas-ionally , lie Las to put up with ver,\ primitive acc uiuioda- , a x.mwriiAS L>:ii-UMOM. ! While the Norwegian are nur.lv r.f nature, ! ih-'-irlN-ls are ainaMt.glydwarf.il and strangely made lip. A novice may exjuvl at any moment to find himself in a lump, painfully contorted | and aching in every joio\ with the bed-clothes I on the floor. It is a .vinpk-le collapse. a 1 generation uf travellers Lad complained of this 1 anomaly in hou-okoeping, until the guide-hooka 'nine to the rescue and told how to make one's 1 l ed. Those in the manner born put to a wedge j under the pillow, but we aro instructed to re- move the same, and then toric hi the clothes tightly all round, a process which, after n few | trials, hc'-r.jm-s efficacious in earning the sh-i-pc-r saft-ly through the inglit. Another j-eculiaiity onsist- in hungim tin: looking glass >o high — ! ' skying it, in fari, as if it were a doubtful , paining- . ami compelling the iuatutin.il rarer to perform blood- curdling evolutions. Whenever ' 1 mention. -d thee indigenous things, tLc gm.j 1-eopfe of the home manifested great surprise but no pity, aud left imr to undertake auy leform I dcemc.l uroir." i As a rule, the writer contents himself with telling what he sees, making little or no pre- tincc to historical, antiquarian, orthographical knowledge beyond the local lore that is current voin among tourist. Iking an American he naturally knock a good deal r»f fun out of his l.ur-ipean cxperic-nccF. The drollery i6 mostly Jn the incident?, not iu the relation. Hidni-rht S unlx ?nm; or. Bits of Trard through th land of tin Xonnnan. llj Edwin C.vilidge Kimball. (London and Paisley: Alex ander Hfi rd ner.) — " MidiiightSuube.,iiiis"i&also; the work of an American touriM. It is a sketch of a journey through Fwrdcn, Nonvav, and Denmark. The sail from Trondbjcim to the North Cape is not all poetry, however, and a v isit to a whale-oil factory affords material for realistic description in the sphere of the loutli- Miine. The salmon diet, supposed to be one of 'he attraction of tbc fiord trip, seems to have been rather overdose 00 the North Cape steamer, nontj Ualfdatt. d\ the first word the tourist will leirn in is Ati x (salmon), for lie is absolutely certain to see it upon tbo table every day during I "s stay in the country. During our steamer Hip «e were served with salmou three times j'ly ; it came upoo the table, boiled, fried, broiled and smoked ; wo were served with ralmon salad, salmon jelly, and aabuon pudding. "_Tbe pudding is tho chef d'rrurrc of the Nor wegian cook's art. The Kifeh is first separated from the Iktocs, cut into small pieces, and after l-eiup chopped fine is mixed with eggs, milk, and flour, seasoned with salt and jiepjier, and wiled in a mould. It is generally made from salmon and cod or hsllibnt arranged in lavers. as it appears ujion the table it look like a 'ooubl of etrawlterry nod vanilla iec cream, or a Noriega tod Italian cream or blanc-msnee. Its <oosieteney is somewhat firmer than the lust, and as we ale it for the first time at dinner, served offer the soup, we were full of wondering. questioning as to what it could be. A; lobster or shrimp sauce ia eaten with it, and it forms a palatable dish ; we did not relish it as cll upon its second appearance at sujqicr cut into slices and fried. "The smoked salmon is uncooked, and is cured d prepared much like smoked halibut. It always graces the breakfast table, and we be came quite fond of it, although many dislike it Exceedingly. "Notwithstanding the fact that the Norwegian salmon an considered tbe.best fa the world, aiuL took«n newappUei,sOf them at the little; ports, where tbeyhad.been taken fresh from the waster, yet after sitting down to thirty- three meals in succession where Late in some form was always one of the constituents, we must confess that, though we started upon tbc voyage with a gnat fond nfess for jjalmon, at its cud Lax had lost all ito charms.!1 : % ' r n £ ,-A viatio the Svartiecnglamerwas one of the supreme delights of thc expedition. the svabtiself 0lscieb. 1(Aswp Advanced amidth is m&gnificcutfeecuaij; we ' proceeded ' vp a narrow fjord, where -4be glorious sight of the Svartisehlader hurst upon our view." '©tefivartiBcn is the Becood-laigost glacier in Norway, in enormous man tie" of snow and ice forty- four miles long and covering a space of maty-two square miles, spread out upon a plateau thousands of feet high, from which protrude snowy peaks. From this plateau descend several glaciers between the mountains, and wc now viewed tbc one which descends the nearest to the sea. The bright afternoon son shone upon this grand glacier, which for ages boa been moving slowly downward, ootU its glittering muss of snow and ice extends almost to the blue water. Nothing could he more beautiful than this pure-while congealed stream, as we view its course, flowing from the great ice-fields above, amid its dark framing of barren rack, down to the green slopes at the base of tbc mountains. " We landed in small boats upon the rocky shore and started to walk to the glacier, but tbc distance, which from the 6teamcr Bccmcd hut a few rods, lengthened into over a mile. After two days of confinement upon thestcamerit was a grant pleasure to walk along the rocky shore, cathcring shells, sea-moss, and new and strange flowers blooming upon grassy elopes just beyond IIIC rOCIiB. J\i. 1UKL hlUUU lit IUV IJilK U! VIII glacier, which towered above us more that thirty feet ; great pieces of ice had been broker off and stood detached iu pools of water, or wcri piled agninvt each other ; as far us wc could sec, the surface of the glacier was of pure white, it great contrast with the Swiss glaciers, bo soita and dirty from piles of stones and grca moraines. As wc looked down the dccj crevasses penetrating into tbc recesses of tbi glacier, we found thai the ice was a bvautifu dark Mac, rivalling in tint the bluest of skies, Wo climbed up the glacier a short distance, bui found it too difficult and dangerous an uodc-r lakiog, and were content to walk along it' margin, lost iu wonder before this great cryta storehouse. "Jn beauty and grandeur the Pvartisen glaciei far exceeds anything wc had seen in £it2cr< land ; oven the Due glaciers about 1'omrcsina, Zermatt, Chamouix, GriudelwaM, aud those thai sweep around tho base of the KegiFltom, arc surpassed by this pure-white glacier in the fai North. Wc were rowed hack tu the stcamei after two hours upon land, aud as wo sailec away wc watched until the lost moment th< wonderful Fvartisen, which was one of the mos' beautiful sights of the whole trip." This favoured excursion party had the crown ing good fortune to get a clear view of tin midnight sun from the North Capo, n boor often withheld from the most appreciative voyagers. | A LITERARY CURIOSITY. ! The following very remarkable little poem is contributed to the Sin Francisco Time from j the pen of H. A. Dctntng. The reader will see I that each line is a quotation from some one of the standard author of England and America. I1 This Is lite result of years of laborious search amoog tbc voluminous writings of thirty-right i leading poets of the patt at.d present. The J number of each line refers to the author below, J, 1. Why all this toil for triumphs of an hour? 2\. Life's a fhort summer, man's a flower. ! 3. By turns we catch the vital breath and | die : 4\. Tho emdle and the lonb, alas! so nigh, f». To be ia better fir than not to be, tf. Though all men's lives may e :cm a i tragedy ; | 7. But light cares speak when mighty griefs arc dumb, i 8. The bottom is but shallow whence they 0\. Your fate is but the common fate of oil ; 1 10. Unmingled joys here no man can befall, 11\. Nature to each allots its proper sphere ; 12\. Fortune makes folly its peculiar care. I LI. Custom docB not often reason overrule, 1-1. .And throw a cruel sunshine on a fool. . 35. Live well ; how long or short, permit to I floavoD ; \ 16. They who forgivo most shall be most ; forgiven. ; 1 7. £io may be clasped so close wo caonot see j its face ; 18\. Vile intercourse, where virtue has no place. j 3?. Then keep each passion down, however ! dear, 1 2". Tlmu pendulum betwixt a pmile and tear, i 21. lier nens-ual snares let enusual pleasure ' 22. With craii and skill to ruin and betray. 23\. Soar nut lou high to fall, but stoop to '2 1. "We masters jrrowof that wc dc-pisc. 25\. f'b, then, rtnouuee that iuipious arif- efit'-viu 1 26\. llichcs have wings -and prand'tir i« a dream, 27\. Think not ambition wise bcraui-c 'tis tmve ; 2s. The paths of glory lead but to the grave. 2lb Vhatisatnbitirm Tisa glorinu cheat — T). Only destruction to the brave nnd great 111\. What's all the gaudy glitter of a crown ? 1 32. The way of bliss lies not on beds of down. 3d. Bow long wc live not vcars but actions i toll — 34\. That man lives twice who live? the first , life well. I H5. Make then, whib- yet ye may, your GoJ your friend, d»'». WLciu Chri.-lians worship, yet ii'-t C"tu- prehend. 37\. The trust that's given guard, and to yourself be- just, 3?. For live we how wc can, die we inusl. 3, Young: 2, Dr. Johnson; 3, Tope: 4, Prior : f., Sowell ; 6, Spi-n-er : 7, Daniel ; \ Sir Waiter fv-ott ; P, Lmtifellaw : 10, Southwell ; 1 1 , Concrcve : 32. Cburchill : 13, lb>elierter ; 14, Armrtrong: l.r., Milton: «;, Baiby : 17, Trench; IS, Soincrville : 1S», Thomson; 2'1, I5»ri»n : 21, SiuolMl : u'2, Oabbo : 2d, 7»l:is- riopcr ; 24, b'owlcv : 2.\ Bealtie ; 2»1, Cowper ; 27, Sir Walt fr Paw-nan: : 2s. Gray ; 20, Willis : 30, Addison ; 31 . Drydcn : 32, Francis Charles ; d-'l, Watkins ; i'l. Ilmick : d;>, William Muxou : 30, l'itt ; 37, Dann ; 38, Shakespeare. 