MELBOURNE, FRIDAY, 80th AUGUST, 664.9—1889. UNDER tbe heading, "English Judaism—A Criticism and a Classification," Mr. Israel Zangwill contributes to the current number of the Jewish Quarterly ■Review an article which demands more than a passing notice. The brilliant style of the writer, his keen power of, observation and the skill with which he handles his subject are so striking throughout the article that the generality of readers are in danger of becoming dazzled by the strong light of this literary brilliancy, and likely to lose sight of the real issue. Looking at the various phases of English Judaism, and even a little further, the writer asks—what will be the future of Judaism? Will it absorb or be absorbed ? Will it ultimately fulfil the grand old prophecies in the fullest sense, or only, in a restricted measure ? Or will it simply decay and die? To all these questions the writer replies substantially that Judaism has no future And why? • ' " ' " Because all over the world the Old Judaism is breaking down. ■ In Germany the reactionary work of a Hirsch has no seed of life within itself; the constructive work of Mendelssohn appears merely to have disin tegrated ; the plutocracy is ennobled, and goes over to Christianity, most frequently to the Catholic form of it ; the educated are chiefly Agnostics, and are not even inspired by that hollow ghost of racial unity which is born of.interest in one another's births, marriages and deaths ; in Austria, all the Jewish teachers have openly broken with Judaism; in Australia, Judaism is an anremic invalid; in America, even more than in Germany, the boldest, the most liberal and the purest doctrines of Natural Religion are preached by salaried Jewish ministers." Now to some of these statements we take objection. It is far from being the truth that the work of the late Rabbi Hirsch has no seed of life within itself. The opposite is the case. Men like Hirsch, Hildesiieimer and Lehmann, have not worked in vain. The seed which they have sown, and which two of them are happily still sowing,'is springing up everywhere, even in Australia; The orthodox— • that is, the strictly traditional form of Judaism—has made wonderful progress within the last thirty or forty years; It has not only found a large number of followers, but .it has made the Reformers pause and reflect upon the inevitable drift of their destructive policy. Even in America there lias been an awakening. Men halting between two opinions have asked themselves, whither are we drifting ? what will be the end of all this preaching of individual and arbitrary conceptions, mere caricatures, of our old venerable faith ? The result has been the establishment of a new' theological Seminary on orthodox lines. But apart from all this, and even granting, for the sake of argument, that all the facts enumerated by Mr. Zangwill are facts, we deny the legitimacy of drawing from them' conclusions as to the future of Judaism. Our religion is a revealed religion ; it had a Divine origin, and as such it has a Supreme Guardian who " neither sleepeth nor slumbereth." Judaism has a history extending over more than two thousand years, and in that history there were periods fully as much characterised by religious laxity on the part of our people as the present is said to be. But did Judaism decay and ultimately die ? By no means. The time has not yet arrived, and possibly will never arrive, when man is able to dispense with religion altogether, and is there any Jew, however lax in his religious duties, hut nevertheless admitting the necessity of religion, who will say that any other form of religion suits him better than that bequeathed to him by his ancestors? We agree with the writer in saying that" as ultimately the Protestants will inevitably protest against Christianity, so will those who have abandoned Rabbinical Judaism inevitably abandon Biblical Judaism, and that at the present moment" they are half on the way." But that is just what vve; are contending for. Either- we have to accept Judaism .in its integrity— traditional Judaism—or before long we shall And our selves in endless difficulties. The line must be drawn spmewhere, and the only safe• point is at the very beginning. And we boldly assert that Judaism accepted in that, form has produced, and does produce, more good than that strongly diluted form which goes under the high sounding but hollow name of " enlightened Judaism." • Look, for instance, at the Jew whom Mr. Zangwill would class under the " uuiutelligently orthodox." - You can find liim by the score in - the neighbourhood of Church-lane, Whitechapel. He is "unintelligent" because he knows nothing of evolution, has never heard of the differential, calculus, or the categorical imperative, nor has he read the works of " Ouida." But that man's' heart yearns for his God, and no more would he thilik of going to his work , in the morning without saying his prayers than ho would attempt to fly. Day by day he makes sacrifices to his religion. He knows that in the race for worldly advantages lie is handicapped, but he knows also that there is something higher and of more lasting value thau wealth, Now, go to many a West End Jew, the patron of p,rt and science, to him who may have heard something of evolution, and all the rfest of it j see how far his love of ancient J udaisnvgoes, or to what extent he would be prepared to make, sacrificejafor its, sake; nay, whether religion in any form is a potent factor in his life, permeating his thoughts, and influencing his actions? On which side do we find spirituality, an idealism that no one can help admiring ? Our answer is, just on that side where we tiud orthodox Judaism.' We admit that there are exceptions to every rule, but they are the exceptions, and they do not shake our firm belief that orthodox Judaism, considered per se, and in its truest • sense, is the only form of J udaism'that gives satisfaction to the mind and that in the end is destined to live. Many, we know, have' deserted its flag, many more may yet desert" it, but our history in the past has proved times out of number, and we have no'fear that our future history will equally prove, the: truth of' the prophetic words,-"And if there be yet a tenth in*iti even that shall be eaten up ; but as the terebinth and'the oak, whose stock remaineth when they cast their leaves, so is holy seed his (Israel's) stock/': - * For some years past a few of the ladies of St. Kilda have been; quietly looking after the Almshouses on St. Kilda-road, and, in order to provide the inmates with little extra comforts, have subscribed a regular sum monthly. Increasing years and infirmi ties make the wants of the old people more numerous, and the ladies think that, were this fact known, many would be glad to contribute a small sum to the Almshouse Fund, and thereby assist in shedding a little i'ay of brightness on the very sunless life of the poor, old, infirm inmates, who are without any friends but the charitably disposed to take interest in the small remnant of life remaining to them. We need hardly say that wo shall ha very happy to receive donations to the fund. 