1 THE DAT WILL COME i ! 1 1 r 1 1 . » i n ; BY JI. E. BRADDON. Author ok "Lady audlgt'3 Secret," "Vixen," "Ibhmael," "Like and Us- like," "The Fatal Three," &o.;, &a; Chapter XXI. After that conversation with the honso agent, tho idea that ho hail found the clue to the Chcriton Chase mystery took root in Theodore Dalbrook's miml. Taking aB liis starting-point tho notion of a deadly hatred wreaking itself in on indirect revenge, there seemed no more likely figure for the role of avenger than that of the wronged nnd desertod husband. Tho ono startling improbability iu this view of the case was the long interval between the husband's ! appearance at Myrtlo Cottago and tho date j of the murder ; but even this difficulty Theodoro was able to account for upon tho I bypothosis of a gradual perversion, a descent from I vico to crime, as tbo man's nature hardened un- ! dor tho corrupting influence of a profligate "life, whilo tho old festering sore grow into a malig nant canker, under tho lash of misery. He had seen in that great seething cauldron of London iifo men whose countenances boro tho stamp cf degradation so profound that tho most tcrriblo of crimes might Bccm tho normal outcomo of their perverted natures. He could imagine how the troddeu-down gentleman, stooped in drink, and embittered by the idea of wrongs which had bccu tbo natural consequonce of his own misoon- duct, hud sunk step by step uppn the ladder of vico till iio bad arrived at the very bottom of that abysmal world where tho dreams of men are stained with blood and darkened by the shadow of be hangman. He could imagine him brood ing over his wrongs for long years, nursing his jealous wrath as the one surviving touch of manliness that remained to him — and then sud denly reminded by somo newspaper description of the Cheriton and Carmicbael wedding, of tho bitter contrast between his owu lot and that of his rival, taking a sudden resolve and sotting out upon his murderous errand, hardly caring whom he murdered so long as ho could hurt the man ho bated. Tho very faot that this man had been de scribed as a oraven made the idea of his guilt more Irbely. Only a coward would have chosen such a revenge ; only a coward could havo stretched out liis hand from the darkness to kill a mqu who had never injured liirn. Thu crime was the crime of a dastard or a madman ; nnd this man, brutaliscd by drink, may have boen both madman aud cow.u-d. Here, at least, was a man closely associated with James Dalbrook's lifo, and having good cause to hate him. In the utter dpikness sur rounding the murder of Godfrey Carmichael this was the first flash of light. Ami having arrived at this point, Theodore Dalbrook saw himself face to face with a. new aud seemingly insurmountable difficulty. To follow this clue to the end, to bring tho oriine home to tli(! husband of Lord Choriton's cast off mistress, was to oxposo the history of the great man's earlier years to the world at large, to offer up a reputation which had hitherto boen stainless as a rich and savory repast to that carrion brood—: i confuting of everybody — which loves to j least upon garbage. How tho evening news- j papers would revel and wallow in the dotails j of ouch a story — what denunciation — what j gloating over the weakness of a strong man's life. How the contonts bills would bristle with appetising headings, how the shrill-voiced news boys would yell their startling particulars, their latest developments of tho Cheriton Chase ocandai. This must all inevitably follow upon the discovery of the murderer, if the murderer wero indeed the injured husband. There could be no possible escape from that glare of publicity, that swelling symphony of slander. From tlie moment the law laid its hand upon the criminal tho caso would pass boyoud indi vidual control, and individual interests and reputations would become as nought. Justice would havo to do its work, and in tho doing of it must needs afford the usual fluo opportunity to the newspapers. Thoodore thought with horror of suoh humiliation coming upon Lord Cheriton, and through him upon Juanita, who loved her father with a reverential affeotion, and who wa3 intensely proud of his character and position. Ho thought of gentle Lady Cheriton, who adored her husband, and who doubtless would be made miserable by: the knowledge that his first love had been given to another woman, whom ho had loved well enough to sacrifice honor for tho Bake of that illioit lovo. JVhat agony to that single-minded, trusting oreaturo to find that dark spot upon her husband's past, and to know that her daughter's happiness had been blighted because of her father's sin. With theso considerations in his mind it seemed to Theodore that it would be better to halt on the very threshold of dis covery ; and yet there was tho appalling thought of further possibilities in tho way of crime — of a madman's revenge carried a stage further, a madman's pistol aimed at tho defenceless mother or tho sleeping child. What was he to do? Was there no alternative between inaction and such action as must speedily set in motion the machinery of tho law, and thus deprive him of all freo will in the future con duct of the oaso ? Yes, there was an alternative course. If he woro once assured of the identity of tho assassin, it mizht he in his nownr to lnv inn.L upon him, and to place him under such circum stances of control in tho future as would ensure Ju-nita's safety and render any further crime impossible. If ho wore mad, as Theo dore thought mora than likely, he might bo quietly got into an asylum. If ho wero still master of his aotions ho might bo got abroad, to tho remotest colony in tho Antipodes. The knowledge of his crime would be a hold over him, a lever which would remove him to tho uttermost ends of tho earth, if need were. This would be qn illegal compromise, no doubt — unjustifiable in the eye of the law — but if it ensured Juanita's safety and saved her father's oharaetor, the compromise was worth making. It was, indeed, tho only way by whioh ber security and her father's good name could bo provided for. To arrive at this result he had to find the man who had appeared in Mr. Adkins' office about four-and-twenty years ago, and of whoso sub sequent existence he (Theodore) had no know ledge. "I must begin at tho other end," ha told him self. " If that man was tho murderer, he must have been seen in the neighborhood. It is not possible that he could have como to tho placo and watched and waited for his opportunity, and got clear off after tho deed was dono with out being soon by human ey os. " And yot there remained the faot that the local policeman and a London detective had both failed in obtaining the faintost trace of a suspicious looking stranger, or indeed of any stranger, male or female, who had been ob served in the neighborhood of Cheriton before or after the murder ; there re mained the fact that a large reward had beon offored without resulting in ono sorap of information bearing upon tlie subject. How oould ho hope, in face of these faots, to trace the movements of a man whose personal appoaranoe was unknown to him, and who had come and gone like a Bkadow? "I" oan but try, and I can but fail," he told himself. " Knowing what I now know, I can not remain inactive." It may he thot ho had canglit something of the fiery eagerness which consumed Juanita, that in his ardeut desire to bo worthy of her regard, to waste his lifo in her service, ho hod become, as it woro, inoculated with the spirit of his mistress, and hoped as she hoped, and thought as she thought. With the beginning of tho long vacation ho went to Dorchdstcr. hut tint. nlm,A tLlo (in., Ho took his friend, Cuthbert Ramsay, with him as a visitor to the grave old house, in tho grave old town. His sisters often mado a complaint against lilm that' he never introduced any of hiB college friends to tbem — that whereas the sisters of other University men were rich in tho acquaint ance of Charlies and Algernons, and Freds and Tome, who wore producible at tennis parties and available for picnios at the shortest notico, they wero restrioted to the youths of Dorohester and a horizon limited by tho oountry houses of the immediate neighborhood. Romembering theso reproaches, and seeing that his friond Ramsay was overworked and obviously panting for rest and country air, Theodoro sngghsted' that ho; should occupy the baohelor's room" in Cornhill as long as he could venture to stop away from hospitals and lectures and seientifio investiga tions." "Yon want a long fallow, Cuthbert," he said, " od; yon couldn't havo a bettor lotus land tliaii Dorchester. There's not an excitement or a feverish sensation to be bad within 20 miles, nnd then I really want to make you known to my cousin, Lord Cheriton. He is a very clever man— an all-round mnn-and he would be interested in you and all that you arc doing." " I shall be proud of knowing him. And then there is your cousin, Lady Carmiclmel. I am deeply interested in her, without having ever seen her face, and when I do see lier " "You will say she is one of the loveUest womon you ever suw in ycur life, Cuthbert. I .liavo no doubt of that. You will see Iter beauty under a cloud, for she is uot one of . thoso women who begin to get over the loss of a husband as soon as their crapo gets rusty ; but ber beauty is all '.he more touching on account of the grief that separates her from all other women — even from her pust self. I sometimes look at ber and wonder if tiiis aid and silent woman can be the Juanita I once knew ; the light hearted, 'spontaneous girl, a buoyant, joyous creature, all impulso and caprioe, fancy aud imagination." " You may bo sure that I shall admire her, and you may be sure I shall not forget that there ie someone whoso admiration has a dgepcr root than tho lust of the eye and tlie fancy of tho moment." Theodore would not affect to misundei stand hira. It was not possible tiiat ho could have talked of his cgusin in the freedom of friendship without having revealed himself to his friend. "Jly dear fellow," he said with a sig , "mine is a hopeless case. You will know that it is so when you seo Juanita and mo together. Her mother said to me on the first day of this year, 1 If ever she comes to caro for anybody it will be ; some now poison ;' and I bavc not the least j doubt thai her mother was right. Her first | love was her playfellow, the companion of her | girlhood. A woman cannot have two (inch j loves. Her second attachment, if she ever mako one, will bo of a totally different character. " " "Who knows, Theodore? A woman's heart is to bo measured by no plummet line that I know of ; it is subject to no seientifio test ; we cannot say it shall give this or that result. It may bo marble to a man for years of faithful devotion, and then, in an instant, the marble may ohange to a volcano, and bidden fires may leap out of that seeming coldness. 'Nil despcrandum' should be the motto of inventors— and lovers." Dorchester, and especially the old bouse in Cornliill, received Jlr. Ramsay with open arms. Tho sisters were delighted to do honor to a scientific man, and were surprised, on attacking Jlr. Ramsay at dinner with the ease and aplothb of confreres in modern science, todisoover ono of I two things — either that ho know nothing, or that they know very little. They wero at first inclined to tbo former opinion, but it gradually dawned upon thom that their own much valued learning was of a purely oloi mentary character, and thct Ihqir faots were j for tho most part wrong. Chastened by this j discovery, they allowed the conversation j to drift into lighter channels, and never i again tackled Jlr. Ramsay cither upon the | broad and open subject of evolution, of i the burning question of the cholera bacillus. Thoy were oven content to leave him to the en joyment of his owu views upon spontaneous generation and the movement of glaciers, in stead of setting him right upon both subjects, as ' they had intended in the beginning of thel acquaintance. "He is remarkably handsome, but horribly dogmatic," Sophia told hor brother, "and I'm afraid ho belongs to the showy, shallow school which has arisen 3ince tho doath of Darwin. He would hardly havo dared to talk as he did at dinner during Darwin's lifo timo." "I'orhaps not, if Darwin lmd been omni present." ; " Oh, thera is a restraining influcnoe in the very existence of suoh a man. Ho is a perpetual court of appeal against arrogant smattcrers." "I don't think you con call a man who took a first class in science a smattarer, Sophy. How ever, I'm sorry you dou't like my friond." "I liko him well enough, but I am not imposed upon by his dogmatism." The two young mon drove to tbo Priory on tho following day, Theodoro painfully eager to disoovor what change tho last fow months had mado in Juanita. She hail beon in Switzer land, with Lady Jano and the baby, living quiotly in one of thoso littlo villages on tlie shores of the lake of the forest cantons, whioh combine the picturesque and tho dull in a remarkable degree — a mere cluster of chMets and cottages at tho foot of tho Rigi, facing the monotonous beauty of the lake, and tire calm grandeur of snow-capped mountains, shutting in that tran quil corner of tbo earth and shutting out all the busy world boyond it. Nowhere else had Juanita felt that deep sense of seclusion, tijat feoling of boiug remote from all the din and press of life. And now she was again at the Priory, she had settled down there in her new position, as widow and mother, a woman for whom all life's passionate story was over, who must live henceforward for that new lifo grow ing dny by day towards that distant ago of passion and of sorrow through which she had passed suddenly and briefly, crowd ing into a month the emotions of a life time. There aro womon who havo lived to celebrate their golden wedding wiio in 50 years of wedlock have not folt half her sum nf lovo, and who in losing tho companion of half a century havo not felt half her sum of griof. It is tho capaoity for loving and suffering which differs, and weighed against that Timo counts but little. Sho received her cousin with sll her old frank friendliness, but sbe was a little more cheerful than when they last met, and he saw that tho now interest of her life bad dona good. Lady Jane was at Swanagc, and Juanita was alone at the Priory, though not without the expectation of company a littlo later in the year, as tho sisters and their husbands ware to bo with hor before the 1st of October, so that the expense of pheasant breeding might not be altogether wasted. "You must be here as muoh as you can to Ootober, Theodore," she said, "and help me to support Jlr. Grenville aud Mr. Jloruingside. One talks nothing but sport and tho other insists upon teaohing me tbo science of poli tics." Sho received Cuthbert Ramsay with a serious swoetues3 whioh charmed him-. Yes, she was vorily beautiful among women, exceptionally beautiful. Thoso southeru eyes shone starlike in the settled pallor of her fuco, and hor whole countenance was etherealised by thought and grief. It touched tlie stranger to see bow she struggled to put awny tho memory of her sor row and to receive him with all duo hospitality — how she restrained herself as she showed him the things that had been a part of hor dead husband's existence, and told him tho story of the old house whioh had Bheltered so many generations of Carmiohaels. Lady Cheriton had been lunohing at the Priory, where she came at least twice a week to watoli her grandson's development in all those gracos of mind and person which marked, his superiority to tho average baby. She came all the oftenor to tha Priory because of the diffi culty iu getting Juauita to Cheriton. " Jly poor child will hardly ever come to see us," she told Theodoro, as thoy sauntered on the lawn while Juaniia was showing Mr. Ramsay the pictures in the diningroom. "Sho has an insurmountable horror of tho house she was onco so fond of ; and I can't wonder at it, and I can't be angry with her. I have seen hor suffer ing when sho has been with us, so I don't worry hor to como to us often. I mako a point of getting her there onoe to a way in the hope of overcoming her horror of the place as time goes bv: and I have AVHII (TAttA All of my -way to make changes to the furniture and deoorations, so that the rooms should not look exaatly the same as they looked in. her fatal honeymoon ; but I can eoo in her fooe that every corner of the houeo is haunted for her. Onco when she had betm culm and obeerful with me for a whole afternoon, walking about tho garden and going from room to room, she flung herself into my arms suddenly, sobbing pas sionately. 'We wero so happy, mother,' she said, ' so happy in this fatal house.' Wo must bear with her, poor girL God has given her a dark lot." Theodore had seen on anxious inquiring look to Juanita's eyes from the beginning of his visit whioh told him she wanted to quostion him, andjie took the first opportunity of being alone with hor, while Lady Cheriton entertained Mr. Ramsay with an exposition of the merits of her grandson,' unoonsoious of her praises, and slumbering to a 'liammook on the lawn,-' half emothercdain embroidered coverlets and softest draperfes. " Have you found out anything 7" sho asked, eagerly, as soon ns thuy were out of car shot. "Yos, I believe I have really come upon a clue, and that I may ultimately discover tho murderer ; but I can tell you no details as yet — the whole iliing is too vague. " "How clever of you to succeed where tho police have utterly failed. Oh, Theodore, you can not imagino how I shall vnluo you — how dcoxily grateful " "Stop, Juanita, for Heaven's sake don't praise me. I may bo following a Will-o'-tho-Wisp. I don't sux>pose that any cxxiorienccd detective would take up such a cluo as I am going to fol low — only you have set mo to do this thing, nnd it has become tho business of my life to obey you-" " You aro all that is good. Pray tell me all you have discovered — however vaguo your ideas may be." "No, Juanita, I can toll you nothing yet. You must trust me, dear. I am at best only on the threshold of a discovery. It may be long before I advanco another step. Be content to know that I am not idle." Sho gavo an impatient sigh. " It is so hard to be kept in the dark," she said. " I dream night after night that I mysolf am on tho track of his murderer — sometimes that I meot him face to face — oh, tho hideous pallid face — the face of a man who has been hanged and brought to life agaiu. It is always tho same kind of face — tho same duU, livid hue — though it differs as to features, though ' the man is never tho same. You cannot imagine the agony of those dreams, Theodore. Lay that ghost for me, if you can. Alake my life peaceful, though it can never bo happy." " Never is a long word, Nita. As tho years go by your chUd'a love will give life a new color." " Yes, ho is very dear. He has crept into my heart, little, nestling, unconscious thing — knowing nothing of iny love or my sorrow, nnd yet seuming to comfort ino. I sometimes think my darling's sx>irit looks out of thoso clear eyes. They seom so full of thought — of thought far beyond human wisdom." Theodore eonld see that tho work of healing was being dono, slowly but surely. Tho gracious influence of n new love was being exorcised, and the frozen heart was reviving to life and warmth under the soft touch of those baby fingers. Ho saw his cousin smilo with something of tho old brightness as she stood by whilo Cublibert Ram say dandled the little lord of Carmichael Priory in his grent strong arms, smiling down at tho tiny pink faco in a cloud of lace and muslin. " Anyone can see that Air. Ramsay is fond of children," said Lady Cheriton, approvingly, ns if a liking for infants just short coated were the noblest virtue iof manhood. " Ob, I am fond enough of the little beg gars," answered Outhbert, lightly. " AU the bang on to my ooat tails as I go by. I like to look at a child's face — thoso old, shrewd London faces, especially — and speculate ux>on the Ufo that lies before thoso young eyes — tho things those eyes are to see, the words thoso lips are to jieak. Life is such a tremendous mystery, don't you know — ono can never he tired of won dering about ;it. But this foUow is going to be very happy, and a great man in the land. Ho is going to belong to tho now order, the order of rich who go tiirough life shoulder to shoulder with tho poor ; the redressers of wrong, the adjusters of social levels." " I hopo you . aro not a Socialist, Mr. Ram say," said Lady Cheriton, with on alarmed air. " Not much ; hut I acknowledge that there re points where my ideas touch tho boundary line of Socialism. I don't want impossibilities. I liavo no dream of a day when there shall be no moro millionaires, no great patrons of art or great emqiloyers of labor, hut only a dead level of small means and shabby dwellings, and shabby colorless lines. No, there must be butterflies as well as ants — if it were only that the ants may havo something pretty to look at. What I hould Hkc to Bee is- a stronger bond of friendship and sympathy between tlio two classes — a real knowledge and understanding of each other between rich and poor, and tho twin demons Patronago and Sycophancy exorcised for over and ever." The tea tables wore brought out upon the lawn by this time, Sir Godfrey Carmiohaol was carried off by his nurse, and tlio two young men sat down with Lady Cheriton and her daughter under the tree, beneath whioh Juanita and lior husband had sat on that ono blissfnl day which they had spent togothcr at the Priory as man and wife. They seemed a very cheery and x>leasant quartette ns tlioy sat in tho sultry afternoon atmosphere, with the level lawn and flower beds stretching hetore thom, and tlio great belt of the old timber shutting out all tho world beyond. Cuthbert Ramsay was tho chief talker, full of animal spirits, launching the wildest paradoxes, the most unorthodox opinions. Tho very sound of his strong full voico, the very ring of his buoyant laugh were enough to banish loomy thoughts and sad memories. Lady Cheriton was delighted with this new acquaintance; first, because ho was dexterous in handling a baby ; next, on the -score of general merits. She was not a deeply read person, nud sho had a profound respeofc . for culture in other people ; and sho had an idea that a scientific man was a creature apart, belonging to a loftier world than that which siie and her friends inha bited. Theodore had told her of hisf riend's claims to distinction, his hard work in several cities, and seeing this enrncst worker boyish and light- hearted, interested in tho most frivolous sub jects, she was lost in wonder at his condescen sion. Sho begged him to come to Cheriton with Thoodorc at- the earliest opportunity, au invita tion which he accepted gladly. " I have long wished to know Lord Cheri ton," he said. Tho two young men left soon after toa. Duthbert's high spirits loft liim at the Priory Gates, and botli men were thoughtful during the liomoward drive. " Well, Outhbert, what do you think of my eousiu, now that you have seen her 7" Theodore asked when ho had drivon the first mile, and the towers of Corfe stood daik against the western sky. "I can only agree with you, my dear fellow. She is a very lovely woman. I think there could hardly ho two opinions upon that point, " " And do you think — as I do — that it is hope less for any man to spend his life in worshipping her 7 Do you think her heart is buried with her dead husband 7" " Only as Proserpino was buried with Pluto. It is not in human nature for so young a woman to wear her weeds for a life time. Tiio hour of revival must come sooner or later. Sho has too bright andquick an intolleot to submit to tho monotony of an inconsolablo sorrow. Her energy oxpeuds itself now in tho desire to avengo hor husband's death. Failing in that, hor restless sxiirit will seek somo new out let. Sho is beginning to ho interested in her child. As that iutcrcst grows with the child's frowtli, lior horizon wiU widen. And thou, aud then, when sho has dis covered that life can still bo beautiful, her heart will become accessible to a new love. The euro and the chance, the awakening from death to life, may bo slower than it is in most such caBes, because this woman is the cs3cnco of sin cerity, aud all her f eolings lie deep. But tho awakening will come— you may bo sure of that. Wait for it, Theodore ; contain your soul in patience." "You can afford to bo philosophical," said his friend, with .a sigh. " Y'ou are not in lovo !" "Truo, Theodore. No doubt that makes a difference." Chafteii XXII. Theodore.nud his friend betook themselves to Cheriton Chase on tho foUowiug Friday for that kind of visit which North Country people de scribe as a week end. They carried thoir port manteaux in that portion ot tho dog-cart which is more legitimately occupied by a leash of spaniels or Irish setters, and tlioy arrived in tho golden light of afternoon, just when that sunk lane approaching tho west gate waB look ing its loveliest, hart's-tonguo and rooky boul der. nolvnodinm nnd brown trunks of immemorial vale3 touohed with sun gleams, and deepening shadows stealing athwart the ripe feathery grass iu the meadows on either side of the deep golly. " That is Airs. Porter's cottage," said Thoo- dore, indicating that picturesque abode with a turn of his whip. Ramsay had been introduced to Alias Newton, and had constituted himself body surgeon and medical adviser to that lady aud nU her humble friends. Ho had been invited to tho tea parties in AVedgewood street and had interested himself in the young woman called, Alarian, and in his friend's belief in hor identity with the lodge- keeper's missing daughter, and he had a keen desire to make the lodgekcopor's acquaintance. " From your account of tho lady sho must be human adamant," lie said. "I Iiko to tackle that kind of individual. I'vo met a fow of them, nnd I'm happy to say that if I haven't been able to molt thein I'vo generally succeeded in making them smart. I Bhould enjoy exhi biting my moral aquafortis to this lady. I shaU get you to take me to make a morning call nxion her while wo nre at Cheriton." "Ary dear Cuthbert, I would sooner call, un invited and without credentials, upon tho Arch bishop of Canterbury. I don't forget how sho froze mo whon I tried to he friendly with licr last New Year's day. She was more biting than the north-cast wind that was curdling the x>onds in the Park." " A fig for hor bitingness. Do you suppose I mind 7 If you won't take me to her I shall go by mysolf. A character of that kind has an irresistible fascination for me. I would go a hundred miles any day to see a bitter, bad woman." ' 1 Sho is bitter enough, but she may riot ho bad — only a creature who mistakes fanaticism for religion, perhaps, who lias so misread her Bible that sho thinks it a duty to shut hor heart against a holoved child rather than to forgive n sinner. I believe sho is to bo pitied rather than blamed, odious as she may seem." "Very likely. A hard heart, or nn obstinato temper, is a disease Hkc other diseases. One ought to bo sorry for the sufferer. But this woman has a strong character, anyhow, for good or evil, aud I delight in studying character. Tho average man nnd woman is so colorless a creature that thcro is infinitorelief inthostndyof nnytem- peramcnt that touches tho extreme. Think how dolighttul it would be to meet such a man as Iago or Othollo — pioture to yourself the xilcasure of watching the gradual unfolding of such a mind as Iaohimo's, and consider how keen would be one's intorcst in gutting to the bottom of a woman like tlio poisoning stepmother whoso name I for the moment forget. There is the lodgo — charming Early English cottage — real Early English, not Bedford Parbish — half timbered, thatched gables, dormers iiko eyes under huBhy eyebrows, wails 4 feet thick, lattices 200 years old. It might bo the vory cottage in which Grandmamma Wolf waited for the dear, plump littlo girl, with chubby cheeks sliiuiug like the butter in her basket, and with lii>s as sweet as her honey. Poor little girl. " Tho servant- maid ran down the stops to open the gnto, and as the wheels stopped an upper casement swing suddenly open, and a woman's faco appeared in the golden light, a pale, wan face, whoso most noticeable expression was a look of infinite weariness— "Ameinio," said Cuthbert, as they drove in at tho gate. Decidedly anaimic. 1 should sus pect that woman " " Of what 7" "Of being a vegeterian," answered Cuthbert gravely. But 1 11 look her up to-morrow, and find out all about her." Lord Cheriton received his kinsman's friend with marked cordiuUty, aud seemed to enjoy j his freshness nnd originality. They talked of j Cambridge — the Cambridge of 40 years ago and j tho Cambridge of to-day — and they talked of Continental schools of medicino, a subject in whioh tho lawyer was warmly interested. There wcro no other visitors cxpeotcd before September, when three old friends of Lord Chcriton's were to shoot tho partridges, and in October thoro was to be a large party for tho pheasant shooting, whioh was tho chief glory of Cheriton Ohnso. There had been no party last year, and Lord Cheriton felt himself so much the more constrained to hospitality. " You fellows must come in October when the houso is full," ho said, but Outhbert Ramsay told him that he must be at work again in London before the end of Septembor. Onthbort was much impressed by tho master of Ghoriton Chase, and tlio grave and quiet dig nity with whioh ho carried fortunes that might have made a weaker man arrogant and self assertive. It would seem as if scarcely anything were wanting to that prosperous career. Yet Cuthbert saw tlmt his host was not free from a cloud of care. It was natural, perhaps, that ho should feel the tragedy of his son-in-law's death as a lasting trouble, not to be shuffled off and forgotten when the conventional iieriod of mourning was past. Theodore had some private talk with his cousin on the first evening of his visit, walking ux> and down tho terrnco, whilo Cuthbert was looking nt the books in tho library, under Lady Chcriton's guidanco. Ho had it fully in his mind that tlio timo would come when ho would ho obliged to take Lord Cheriton into his confidence, but ho felt that time was still far off. When ever the revelation enmo it must needs bo infinitely painful to both, nnd deei>ly humili ating to the mnn whose hidden sin had brought dosolntion upon his innocent daughter, and untimely death upon the man whoso fate had been linked with hers. It was for his dishonor, for the wrongs inflicted by him that thoso two had made expiation. No, tho time to be outspoken — tlio timo to say in tlio words of the prophet, " Thou art the man," had not yet come. When it should come lie would ho prepared to act resolutely and fear lessly ; but iu the meantime he must needs go on working in the dark. He remembered his last conversation with Lord Cheriton on that subject — remembered how Cheriton lmd said tlmt ho believed Godfrey Carmichael incapable of a dishonorable action — incapable of having behaved cruelly to any woman. Had he who pronounced that judgment been guilty of dishonor— had lie been cruel to tho woinau who sacrificd herself for him 7 Thoro are so many degrees in such wrong doing— there is tho sin of impulse : There is the deep- laid evil, the coldly plauncd iniquity, tho Bin of the practised seducer who lias reduced seduction to a scienco, and who has no moro con science than a machino. There is the sin of I thu, generous man, who finds his foet caught in the web of circumstance, who begins, innocently enough, by pitying a neglected wife nnd ends by betraying the neglectful husband. Theodore gave his kinsman credit for belougiug to the category of generous sinners. Indeed, the fact that lie lmd lived aloof from tho world for many years, sharing tho isolation of the woman who loved him, was in itself ovidonco that lie lmd not acted as a villain, yet it was possible tlmt when tlio final hour came, the hour for healing thoso illicit bonds, the rupture may havo hocu iii some wise cruel, and tho remembrance of that cruolty might be a burden upon tlio sinner's conscience at tVis day. Such partings can never be without oruolty. The fact that ono sinner is to marry nnd begin a now lifo while tbo other sinner is to finish her days in a dis honored widowhood is in itself a cruelty. She may submit, as to a fate which sho foresaw dimly, even in the hour of her fall — but she would ho more than human if sho did uot think horsclf hardly used by the man who forsakes her. Nothing ho can do to secure hor worldly comfort or to screen her from the world's disdain will take the sting out of that parting. The one fact remains that her day is done. Ho has ceased to oare for her, and he cares for another. "Nothing has occurred sinco I was hero to throw auy new light upon tlio murder, I sup pose," Theodore said quietly, as thoy smoked thoir cigars, walking slowly up and down. " Nothing." " Did her ladyship toll you that I havo met a girl in London whom I bcliovo to be no other than Alorcy l'orter 7" " Yes, siie told me something about that fanoy of yours, for I tako it to bo nothing moro than a fancy. The world is too wide for you and Alcrcy Porter to meet so easily. What was your ground for identifying her with the lodge- keeper's girl 7" " The lodgckeeper's girl." There was some thing needlessly contemptuous in the phrase, it seemed to Theodore : a studied disdain. "It was she herself who suggested the ideaj by licr inquiries about Cheritoa. She con fessed to having come from this part of tho world, and she hag an air of refine ment which shows that she does not belong to tho poasant class. Sho is a vory good pian is te — plays with remarkable taste and feeling ; and Lady Cheriton tells mo that Alcrcy had a great talent for music. I havo no doubt in my own mind that this young woman is Aleroy Porter, and I think her mother ought to go to London and see her, even if she should not think fit to bring hor back to the home alio left." . " Airs. Porter is a woman of peouliar temper. The girl may bo happier away from her." "Yes, that is very likely — hut the mother ought to forgive her. The penitent sinner, whose life for tho last few years lias been blameless, ought to feel that she is cordoned- . I tried to approach tho subject, bnt Airs. Porter repelled mo with an almost viudictivo air; and I do not think it would bo any good for me to plead for my i>oor friend again. If you or lady Cheriton would talk to her " " I will get my wifo to manage her. It is a matter in which a woman would have more in fluence than you or I. Iu tho meantime if thoro is anything I can do to mako Alercy Porter's life easier, I shall bo very glad to do it, for hor father's sake." " What is she doing for a living 7" "She does fine noodleworlc. Siie Hves iu ono small baok loom in Lambeth, and has only ono friend in the world, and that friend happens to be a lndy who onoo lived in this house." " A lady who lived in this houso !" exclaimed Lord Cheriton. " Who iu Heaven's name do you mean 7" " Aliss Newton, who was governess to Aliss Strangway nearly 40 years ago." " What brought Alias Newton and you to gether 7 " "That is rather a long story. I took somo trouble to find the lady in order to settle one question whicli hod disturbed my cousin Juanita since ber husband's death." " What question 7" " Sho was haunted by an idea that Sir God frey's murderer was one of tho Strangways, and his murder an act of vengcanco by some member of that banished race. It was in order to set this question at rest for over that I took some trouble to hunt out tho history of Squire Strnngway'a two sons and ouly dnughtor. I traced thein all threo to their graves, and havo been able to conviuco J uanita that they and j their troubles wcro all at rest long before tho time of her husband's murder." " What could liavo put such a nation into her " Oil, it came naturally enough. It was only a development of Churton's idea of a ven detta." " She was always fuU of fancies. Yes, I remember she used to say tho house was haunted by the ghosts of the Strangways. I really think she had a dim idea that I had injured that spendthrift raco iu buying tho estate which they had wasted. And so to satisfy. -Juanita you took the trouble to ferret out Miss Newton 7 Upon my word, Theodore, your conduct is more Quixotic than I could have believed of any young man in tho 19th century. And pray by what means did you discover tho ci-devant governess 7" Theodora told the story of his visit to tho schoiastio agencies, his journey to tho Lake dis trict and his friendly reception by Aliss Newton in her Lambeth lodgings. "She was much attached to Aliss Strangway, who was her first charge, and near enough to her own age to be moro of a companion than a pupil," lio said, "and sho spoke of her melancholy fate with great tenderness." "It was a melancholy late, was it? I knew sho had made a runaway marriage, hut in what way was licr fate sadder than tho common destiny of a spendthrift's daughter— a girl who has been roared in oxtrnvuganoe and self- indulgence, uud who finds liorself face to face with penury iu the bloom of her womanhood 7" "That in itself would li8 sad ouough, but Aliss Strangway's destiuy was sadder than that — commonplace enough, no doubt — only the old story of an unbaiqiy inarriago and a runaway wife." He could not help looking at Lord Cheriton at this point, thinking how this common story of nn unfaithful wife must needs remind his kinsman of that other story of another wifo which had influenced his early manhood. Ho must surely havo a sensitive shrinking from tho discussion of any similar story. " Sho ran away from her husband ! Yes, I remember having hoard as much. )\Vhat did Aliss Newton know about hor — beyond that one fact?" " Very little — only that sho died at Boulogno nearly 20 years ago. This fact Aliss Newton heard from the lips of the man for whom Airs. Darcy left her husband. 1 had been at Boulogne a week or so before I saw Aliss Newton, nnd I had hunted there for any record of Airs. Daroy's death, without result. But this is not very strange, as .it is quito likely that sho lived at Boulogno under an assumed name, and was buried in that name, and so Ucs there, in a foreign land, dissevered for ever from any association with her name nnd kindred." " There are not many of licr kindred left, I take it," said Lord Cheriton. "There seeins to liavo been a blight upon that race for the lust half century. Hut now tell me about somo ono in whom I nm more interested — tho girl you believe to he Alercy Porter. I should bo vory glad to make her Hfo hnppicr, and bo I told her Ladyship. You, Theodore, might ho tho in termediary. I would aUow her a hundred a year, which would citable hor to live in some jiretty country place — in Devonshire or Corn wall, for instance, in some quiet sea coast village, where no one would know anything about her or her story. " A hundred a year, my dear Cheriton, that is a most generous offer." " No, no, there is no question of generosity. Her father was my friend, and I was under some obligation to him. And then the girl is my wife's protegee ; and, finally, I can very well afford it. 1 am almost a childless man, Theo dore. Aly grandson wUl he rich enough when I am gone, rioli enough to he sure of a peerage, X hope, so that there may be a Baron Cheriton when I am in the dust. " "You aro very good. I believe this girl Iiqb a great deal of pride — the pride of a woman who has drunk tho cup of slramo, aud sho may sot herself against being a pensioner ; but if the matter can bo arranged as you wish she may yet seo happier days. I think the first thing to bo done is to reconcile mother and daughter. Mrs. Porter ought to go up to London " "To see Aliss Newton's protc'gdc — on no account. I tell you Mrs. Porter is a woman of strango temper — God knows liow bittorly sho might upbraid her daughter — and if the girl is proud, as you say she is, tho mother's re proaches would goad her to refuse any help from me or my wife. No, Theodore, the longer we keep mother and daughter apart the better for Alorcy 's chances of happiness." " But if this young woman should refuse to coufess her identity with Alercy Porter it wiU ho impossible to benefit licr." " That diffioulty may ho easily overoome. You can take iny wifo to see her. She was always fond of my wife." "And you will leavo the mother out of the question. That seems ratlior hard upon hor." " I toll you, Theodore, it is bettor to leave the mother out of the question. She never aoted a mother's part to Aleroy — there was never any real motherly love— at least that was Lady Chcriton's opinion of the woman, and she had ample opportunity forjudging, which, of course, I had not. If you want to help the daughter, keep tlio mother aloof from her." "I dare say you aro right, and I shall of course obey you implicitly," said Theodore, stiU inwardly reluctant. He had au exalted idea of maternal love, its obligations and privileges, and it seemed to him a hard thing to como between a penitent daughter and a mother whoso heart should overflow with pity and pardon. Yet ho re membered his brief interview with Mrs. Porter. and he could but. own to himself that this might be an exceptional case. To be Continued.) 