Mr. David Christie Murray. Mr. Murray, who arrived in Brisbane on the 10th instant, gave his first public entertainment in the Gaiety Theatre on the evening of the same day. On making his appearance on the stage he was very cordially received, and although the applause which greeted the various " points" of the several recitations was not of the noisier kind, it was both appreciative and cordial, and during the reading of the last item on the programme it became really enthusiastic. The first piece whioh Mr. Murray reoited was a poem chosen from his own works, entitled " The Diamond Ring." The Btory is that of a faithless girl who leaves her lover for a most unhappy fate. The giving of the ring, his transport on receiving a letter in her nand-writing, his despair on read ing its contents, his after career of intemperance, and his wretched death in rags and misery, together with the alleviations granted even in such a fate through the mercy of heaven, and, finally, the self-reproach of the erring girl whoso wrong-doing had led to the misery of both, are beautifully told in the poem, and were most skilfully and sympatheti cally rendered by the reader. "The Btory of Mr. King" is an incident of the Rußßo-Turkißh War, and the treat ment showed that Mr. Murray is as much at home in the domain of the humorous as in that of the pathetic. " A Bunch of Wild Flowers" is a touohing idyll of London life in the lowor olaas of society, and was also an ad mirable example of the author's talent both as poet and as reciter. " The Meditations of Michael Tergonitz Bound for the Scaffold" was a fine introspective study of the Nihilist atti« tudo of mind, but was, perhaps, less to the taste of the majority of the audienoe than were tho previous numbers—that is if one may judge Sr its reception. A short interval followed, ter which Mr. Murray read "The Show man's Ghost." Space will not allow of even the briefest prieis being given of this most in teresting story. Lookixo at War. The first appearance of Mr. Christie Murray in the rule of a lecturer in Brisbane was marked by the attendanco of an audience for the most part composed of gentlemen. There wore ladies present, but they formed a small propor tion of the whole. The circumstance was, perhaps, not to he wondered at. It was no holiday picture that tho lecturer drew for his audience to look upon. There were no waving banners, no glittering uniforms, no stirring military muaio to give it spurious colour, or to hide the hideousneßS of the naked truth. The central object of the lecturer, as one who had seen and sickened at the Bight, was to draw the attention from the outward pomp of militarism and fix it on the plain and ghastly horrors below the surface. His ironical text was the " romance of war," three words, which with heightened colour and deepening earnestness he said contained more wickedness than any other three words in the English language. He pointed to fields of slaughter, to crowds of suffering wounded, to trenches filled with a more ghastly heap than ever filled tie plague pits of old times, to depopulated towns, to ravaged country, and asked with bitterness where was the "romance of war." Yet his lecture was not a tirade against war, it was a plain earnest exposition of its Bad and horrible results. It was not an oration, for the lecturer, with warmth, said that there was nothing he detested more. It was, as he feelingly said, a talk out of his own heart and out of his own recollections. The delightful informality which he had reserved for himself nt once set him at home with his audience. He started out with an incident, or rather a misfortune, which it is to be hoped rarely befalls war correspondents. At the out break of the Turco-Russian campaign he was engaged by an American colonel to proceed post-haste to the seat of war and supply, care less of expense, full particulars to the colonel's paper. He packed up hurriedly, and in due time found himself in Constantinople, where money was to be waiting for him for the pay ment of present and prospective expenses. He never received that money and he never heard more of the colonel, and he found himself, as he somewhat humorously expressed it, "stone broke" in Constantinople. His landlord turned him out of his hotel, and for a day he wandered penniless through the streets of the city, and for a night he slept in a " caiquo." Things having reached their worst now began to mend, as they generally do. Mr. Murray was as it were taken from the " caique " to be war correspondent for "the London Timet." In that influential capacity he at once pushed forward to tho seat of war. His lecture contained some of his recollections of the events of the most horrible campaign of modern times. He was not long before he saw how little romance thore was in war, and what an infinitude of misery, barbarity, and heaped up horrors there is in it. To Mr. Murray the most awful illustration of this lay in the fact that educated and refined English men at last came to look upon tho most shocking scenes unmoved. The wholesale massacres, the appalling cruelties, were so numerous that the well of sympathy and indig nation was dried up and one at last came to look upon them almost without feeling. One of the most fearful incidents related by the lecturer was the storming of the Shipka Pass, where the lives of thousands of soldiers were pitilessly sacrificed through the traitorous mis conduct of one of the Turkish generals. The after result of this was not less bloodcurdling— the view of a great trench piled full of mangled and festering dead. The lecturer's description of the Roumelian atrocities, in which Christian and Turk massacred one another in turn, was a veritable chapter of horrors. When Mr. Murray viewed the scene of some of these enormities sickening traces of what had taken place presented themselves on every hand. Deserted houses, empty streets, veritable cities of the dead, wells choked with mutilated and dishonoured corpses—these were the ghastly indications of the destroyer's presence. The transformation which had taken place in the scene was not, however, the entire work of the "unspeakablo Turk." The Bulgarian Christians' atrocities had been equally pitiless and more unprovoked. It was pleasant to turn from this pioture of horror to some of the scenes of heroism which in this as in every war gleamed out brightly from tho surrounding darkness. Such for instance were the brave self sacrificing labours of Dr. M'Kellar, who, in the face of danger which the hardiest might have trembled at, attended and relieved the wounded. Such for example were the almost, divine deeds of kindness and devotion of the Baroness Yon Rosen—a lady who devoted herself and her fortune to succour ing the injured and soothing the last moments of tho dying. Equally noble was the share which Dr. "Ryan, of Melbourne, played in this melansholy tragedy. Left in charge of a hospital filled with 2000 wounded, but without the simplest medicine, without bandages, lint, or instruments, aud without even food to give the sufferers, his position was truly an awful one. The sight of so much misery and so many sufferers without tho power to render the least help must have been more than ordinary human nature could have borne to look upon. It is not surprising that Dr. Ryan, with his hands clasped to his head, declared that hut for the arrival of friendly faces he would ere long have blown his brains out. It was in deeds of this kind that the leoturer saw the human, the romantio, side of war. Nowhere elso could he see aught but selfishness, cruelly, and crime. It was this thought which ani mated the closing remarks of the lecturer, or rather which inspired a beautiful but distant vision. The lecturer looked forward to a time when thore should be no more wnr, when the forco of some gigantio power should etand up as the champion of peace and the repressor of armed quarrels. Whether hid vision was not too exclusively an English one might be a matter upon which people would differ, but that it was a beautiful, almost poetical, ono few would deny. The English-speak ing race?, ho mado bnlj to say, were the very salt and sunlight of the world. One of these days he trusted they would be wise enough and noble enough to bury their jealousies and unite in one vast federation for the good government and policing of the whole world. While Russia typified darkness Eng land typified the dawn. (Applause.) She and her colonies and the great English - speaking nation across the Atlantic had the future before them. And if ever his glad dream came true this great Anglo- Saxon race would stand up and Bay to any opposing power, Lay no finger here; we will see justice done. If the nations would not seek peace for their own sakea then they should do bo at our command. When these races were joined together the world would have such a chance for peace that it had never had before. A burst of warm applause greeted tho lecturer at the close of these sentences, and with a word of thanks he brought his lecture to a close. Making a Novelist. Mr. Christie Murray's lecture on Monday was a glimpse into the inner life and experiences of a literary man, such as the public rarely get except through the medium of books. The wide scope whioh it took was scarcely expressed in the title "Making a Novelist," and, indeed, a thoroughly descrip tive title would have been hard to invent. It was at once an autobiography, a collection of personal reminiscences, and a discourse on literary art. The prooess of evolu tion seems to have been wonderfully alike in some cases. Charles Dickens passed through the thorny pathway of journalism. Thackeray was a journalist before he was a novelist, and many literary stars of less brilliancy have graduated in the same stern school. The advantage of such a training, Mr. Murray considers, is great, though the hardships are considerable. Jour nalism, the leoturer looked npon as the greatest school of humanity. The students, however, learned their lessons and drank deep of the cup of knowledge, and like the pupils in other schools, hastened forth into the world. Mr. Murray was a graduate in this school, and, of courso, commenced as a pupil in the lowest class. It was here that he learned that insight into human character and motives which form one of the distinctive charms of his writings. The particular incident which turned his energies into the walks of journalism appears to have been a peculiar ono. When young and im pressionable he heard Dr. Kenealy address a political mooting. The romantic interest whioh that gentleman had taken in the famous Tiohborne Claimant, had apparently not im pressed him, for he frequently interrupt/id the speech of the good doctor. The crushing reproof, " I pity that drunken blackguard," which the speaker administered was not taken in good part, for Mr. Murray, in his fresh literary ardour wrote what he considered at that time a scathing leader on the doctor. He humorously admitted that his youthful anger and satire neither hurt nor crushed the person against whom both were directed. To this incident, however, he attributed the fact that he became a literary man and indirectly as he now is, a lecturer. Passing on to the time when he first became associated with a newspaper, he briefly touohed upon his experiences, his work in the police oourt, and his sensations when called upon to report a private execution. After a brief connection with the provincial Press, fol lowing the steps of the innumerable ancestors of the newspaper man he went to London. It was there that he was brought face to face with the poverty and hardship which make up the terrible lot of myriads of human creatures. Like thousands of other literary aspirants he found it easier to write than to get published. To quote his words, describing his position in Constantinople years afterwards, he awoke to find himself " stone broke " in London. Four nights be spent on the Thames Embankment among tho shivering crowd who strove to hide themselves from the police and hunger. For four days his only sustenance came from the drinking fountain. Relief then came, and one of his first articles earned sixteen guineas for him. Subsequently he became attached to the Daily Xcics, and for some time sat in the gallery as a reporter. He gave somo interesting and some very humorous reminiscences of those days, but space will not permit us to reproduce them here. So far the audience had not seen much of the novelist. The latter part of the lecture was devoted exclusively to the subject of novelists. In his closing remarks he said there was a certain change coming over the art he practised. That changes should come was inevitable, but it seemed to him that the change we were getting now was by no means inevitable and by no means for the good of art or for the good of tho world at large. The men who wrote books for the world made and moulded the moral character of its people, and it was essential if you would have your young people pure, if you would have your young people feel a high ideal of life, you should see that your literature was kept pure, honest, and English. There was a danger which we had to guard our very gates against, and that was the corruption of the offensive stock of literary garbage which was being introduced. The writer of much of this called himself a realist. He (Mr. Murray) denied his title to being a realist, and that of any man who represented life all through as the base, sordid, vile thing of the realist. The realist was a traducer of the honest kindly human heart. (Applause.) He (Mr. Murray) declared that he who painted nature kindly, who looked upon it I with hope, who believed iv the honest human eoul, who believed thcro was good in humanity, who believed that most men were true and honest, who declared against the French school—such a man was the true realist. (Loud applause.) The Aquarium was well patronised on Satur day; and on Sunday, in ppite of the threaten ing aspect of the weather, the attendance wne very large. The seals uttracted a great deal of attention, being exhibited by their trainer on the lawn outside the pond. The Aquarium is becoming very popular, the number of patrons inercaßiue every week. 