Oity Cliat. BY THE FAHOEUR. "If you try and don't succeed, keep on doing it till you do." That sublime quotation seems to be a trifle mixed somehow, but, no matter; it most aptly describes the sentiment which apparently actuates that noble caravan, the payment of mem bers party. With a perseverance quite heroic these patriots hauled their little trouble along once more the other night, and, as usual, success crowned their efforts, downstairs at least. Forty-five members voted for payment, and fourteen others paired off in favor of it; so^that there are at least fifty-nine patriots in the House who consider that the Treasury should be tapped. As this|does not constitute half the Assembly, and as the country has not yet had a fair chance te express its views on the matter, it is not likely that much will come of the vote just at present; although the Bill will certainly stand a batter show upstaiss, now that Mr. Cibbs* nominees are securely in their places, for the majority of them are supporters of the notion. # # * Nothing new or startling transpired during the course of the debate except that one of the Minis terial Smiths-Mr. Bruce-boiled over and fiercely declared that he would resign rather than accept the dictation of the House that the Government should bring in such a Bill. This statement didn't suit the Premier's look at all, however, and it is said that when he rounded up his team in the Ministerial retiring room ho dropped on his spruce young friend with asickeningthud, and the upshot of the affair was that Mr. Minister Carruthers was sent out to explain that Mr." Spruce" Smith's words had been misunder stood, and when he said he would resign if the Bill was brought in, his real meaning was that he would do nothing at all of the kind. As for the Premier, he spoke never a word on the subject at all, but sat and sulked, and finally voted with the noes. > This [time he delivered no liighflowing appeals to the disinterested spirit of patriotism which should animate the country's legislators, and perhaps it is just as well he didn't, for such sentiments never came with very good grace from one who had drawn more money from the Treasury till, for political services than any other man in the land. # * # Mr. Haynes thought that thespcecli of the Minis ter for Works would have sounded much better in the Upper House. It was full of fallacies, he said, and it was mighty strange that men who would re fuse payment of members had not refused to accept large sums of money for land of theirs which had been resumed for railway purposes. Mr. Crick rubbed it into some other shady patriots by declar ing that if some very honorable members were made to give' up their free passes on the 'Government trainB and trams, it would save as much as the cost of introducing a system of payment of members. He knew that some members used their free passes as collectors and agents for private purposes, and he didn't think any more of that style of patriotism, than he did of the lamented Mr. Ned Kelly'?. How ever, the Bill passed, and once more the Upper House will be called upon to brave the wrath of the pat riots downstairs by tackling this important business. WW* Mr. Treasurer McMillan made a great hit with his financial speech. It was a matter exactly in his line and he did full justice to it. Like Antony, Mr. McMillan is no' orator, but he can wrsstle with fig ures as only a cool, calculating, long-headed Scotch man can. He lost no time pelting mud at former Treasurers, but went straight for the sap of his sub ject at once. A greater muddle than the way in which the State s accounts have been kept could not be well imagined ,* and certainly nc merchant would tolerate such a state of things for a day, as the way Mr. McMillan found the book-keeping business at the Treasury. The deficit has been definitely placed by Mr. McMillan at £2,600,000 only ; which is a great relief after Mr. Garvan's scare, and this deficit he attributes chiefly to the sudden stoppage of the land sales, to the failure of previous Govern ments to obtain direct taxation, and to the general want of economy which pervades all Government departments. Loud applause greeted these state ments, and one of the first and loudest to cheer was Mr. Dibbs. # * * Mr. McMillan's remedy for wiping out the deficit is the issue of Treasury bills as they are required, the security for which is to be the unsold suburban lands in the country, and as these are sold their proceeds will be credited to the deficit account. Touching fiscal matters he proposes direct taxation in place of certain customs duties ; the said duties to cease and the direct taxation to [commence on the 1st. of next January, and the tariff is to be simpli fied.in order to render imports as nearly dutyfree as possible so as to make ours the freest country in the world, and one in which the income of the working man will go further than in any other. All this looks remarkably ffne in print; but suppose the working-man has no income at all, what is the use of our easing off . the Customs duties 1 Winter has not commenced and yet the unemployed muster strongly already, and their number is being increased day by day:notonlyby the dullness of trade here, but by large arrivals of stone-brokers from other colonies. The Premier has declared that no more Casual Labour Boards will be started ; but a number of public works will be commenced shortly-which reminds me of Hamlet's reward, " While the grass grows-" The proverb is something musty. # # # Amongst the many objections raised against Pro tection one of the queerest is that it encourages cer tain crimes j more especially that of smuggling, and several amusing stories are raked up in support of this assertion. Women appear to be the greatest sinners in this respect. From Now York we have the tale told of a highly respectable young lady being hauled along to the judgemnt seat for having a wholo jeweller's shop full of valuable watches, diamond rings and the like stowed away amongst her under-fixings. She was accompanied by a very stout, loud-dressed and loud-tongued dame, who in dignantly protested against such a highly respect able lady being subjected to the indignity of a searching, and she solemnly promised to have the nasty, rude official removed the moment she had time to call on her influential friends in congress. While this lady was protesting, however, the keen eyes of the searcher noticed something unusual about the stylo of her skirts also, and before she had time to faint or flurry she was searched, and it was then discovered that she too was in the_ swim, for she bad about a dozen most costly viglins suspen ded from her waist and neatly fastened along her full- blown petticoats. That lady has not yet called on any of her influential friends in congress, but she has had a somewhat' undesirable [interview with a horrid old judge. She was in the swim-and now she is " in the soup." « * * Another story has got abroad concerning a young lady who, to official eyes, seemed rather remarkably well developcdin the region of the "Coachman'sseat," or " improver," but as this Hottentot, back-block style of beauty was all the fashion then the lady was allowed to pass, after having given her sweet and solemn assurance that she had nothing duiti able about her whatever. Poor innocent darling I she barely knew what the work " dutiable " meant, but it seems she got there all the same, for she had only bowed her thanks to the officials and turned to leave the office, when suddenly there was an awful whir-r-r, and something bustlewnrds having given an ominous click struck the hour of 12 in a highly significant style. The subsequent search proved that this fair dame was another travellingjeweller'sshop,and8hchadbeen given away at a little under cost price by a beautifully finished parlour clock which had been carefully secreted in her wobblety-wobblety jigamajig, at the back, and which she had foolishly neglected to stop before she did her planting. * * # One of the most ingenious devices in this line, however, was recently played off in the frontier town of "Mauberge, where a magnificent merry-go round tirrived from Belgium. Tho fiery untamed wooden steeds and the gorgeous fittings connected with the affair secured a host of ndmirers, and even the stern Customs officers stood spell bound so they gnzed at the noble works of art. Amongst those officers, however, was one smoke-dried old dnffcr. who had once read in his Homer all about Troy, and the wooden horse-dodge that was played off on the unsuspecting Trojans. A happy thought struck this worthy, and in spite of all remonstrances, he had tlie whole of the costly charges split open, and to his joy discovered they were filled, not with crafty Greeks, but with costly contraband tobacco. All these things are very sad and seem to point to the wisdom of M r. McMillan's intention to knock the greater part of the Custom House game on the head altogether, but at the same time we have yet to.discovcrtliat his cure is not quite as bad as our present disease. % * # Judging from what we hear, the Cabbage Garden seems to be suffering from a very bad attack of blight at present. Scarcely a day passes without some big insolvency _ being published, and the funny part of the business is that in these insolvencies the assests ahvay3 overtop the liabilities by thous ands of pounds. These insolvents are nearly all land boomers. They have been unable to sell landed properties with the possession of which they are credited, but which they have not yet paid for, and probably never will nevertheless it is the boom prices of those properties that are set down in the assets and make them appear so fat and rosy. It is a fine Micawber-liko style of doing business ; but as a matter of solid fact, all that the deeds put in are worth in many cases is the Id a lb. they would bring at the fried fish-shops where they might be sold as waste paper. It is just the same as if a man had £50,000 in a Bank that had gone bung with no prospect of paying more than a penny in the £, and he gave a cheque on that bank for the full amount as payment of a bill. Smart men these Cabbage Gardeners-very. * * * For ways that are dark the working of those land boomers was peculiar, but extremely simple for all that. Some speculator would see a piece of land suitable to be cut up and sold in small lots.- lie would then go out and return with three or four evil spirits worse than himself, and they would purchnse, say 20 acres at £50 an acre, equal to £1000-quite all that the land'was worth at the time of purchase. These men would pay half cash and give bills for the balance. Immediately after they would sell the lot for £2000 to another syndi cate, of which perhaps a couple of themselves were members, and take £500 cash and £1500 in bills. This second syndicate would then proceed to sub divide the land, and Jby means of highly colored maps showing imaginary streets, roads, parks, &c.;, they would so enhance the supposed value of it that a thid rsyndicate would snap it up.for £10,000. giving £500 cash and £9,500 in bills.. This gang would expect to sell the land in lots as per subdivision for £15,000 or £20,000 ; and if the municipal valua tion happened to take place about the time they would contrive to be rated at that amount. All that has been spent on the land up to this stage is the surveyor's fees; all the money that has actually changed hands is £500, and yet, when the last syn dicate goe3 bung this land, bought a few months before for its full value. £1000, is thrown in with the assests as a £20,000 item I It was a lovely little game while it lasted, but alas I all things must have an end, and the end of the Melbourne boom has brought ruin to hundreds of homes. * # # Now that Penrith is shaking itself up on sanitary matters I would like to point out that the police courts in.country towns should be made very im-. portant factors in the way of keeping down epi demics which arise from a criminal neglect of that cleanliness which we are told is next to godliness. It is of no earthly use whatever for one man to keep his premises in tip top order if the' neighbours round him are allowed to make pig-styes of their back yards, for it is just as likely that the disease germs bred by others will drop on him. When cases are brought before magistrates and the cliargc of filthiness is sheeted home, a fine should be in flicted that would make the offender remember his crime for many a long day after. This is seldom done, however, but about the most glaring example of judicial failure in this respect that I have met comes from Balranald in the shape of two tele grams sent on the same day to the Sydney papers, and which read as follows : "The number of cases of typhoid to date at Balranald, N.S.W., is 93." " Two men were charged at the police court, Balranald, with burying night soil on their promises, and were each fined four-and-tenpence and costs." Four and-tenpcnco I Not quite the price of twenty beersl Balranald must be a veritable Paradise for under takers. * * * Another good man gone wrong. Mr. Robert Henry Farrar has retired from the maddening crowd, and for the next two years will confine him self to the study of geology, in company with a nice little hammer weighing about 141b. in the Melbourne Gaol Academy. Mr. Farrar is a very young man, and although he favored Marvellous Melbourne with tho greater part of his valuable time, he was not wholly unknown to fame over here. When the Gaiety girls landed in Melbourne, Robert Henry seems to have become very , badly smitten with the whole crowd ; from the evergreen Nellie Farren (who happens to be a grandmother,) down to the most unassuming young lady in the chorus, who simply held up the wings and looked lovely. Master Robert engaged a private box at the " Princess " for the season, gave most "rekerky" midnight suppers after the Sardinapalus style, and, altogether, lie went the pace properly ; burning the candles at both ends and in the middle' also. When the Gaiety glories came to Sydney Robert Henry came too, and made matters hum for all who had tho pleasure of his much-coveted acquain tance. *. # # All this style of joy costs money; but no one seems to have particularly troubled themselves ns to where Robert's " Mount Morgan " supply came from, He " held it" as the saying goes, but he never had a very tight hold of it, and it seems to have melted like water. . Then the crash came of course-tho potato was cooked and the whole racket " busted." It was then discovered that tho unfortunate "softy "had got away with £10,000, and £7000 of that had been obtained from the Commercial Bank, Melbourne, by a fraudulent little game played by Farrar and one of tho guile less clerks connected with the bank. It seems almost impossible that he could have smashed £10,000 so soon ; but anyway he is now where money is no object to him ; another victim to woman's smiles, and probably the " friends" duplicity as well. This style of game always ends the same way, but it still keeps very popular with, some young men, and therefore,' it is perhaps not' worth while to point to the customary moral. But' it would be interesting to know if tho Gaiety girls who quaffed poor Robert's gold top fizz and. kissed him for his Ma over think of him now as he sur rounds his " skilly " or dreams troubled dreams in his ' donjon ' cell. # # # For a cool breezy crowd commend mo to the Chinkecs of Northern Queensland. A few days ago the Palmerston Council received a letter from a party by the name of Sam Gee Leo. who on be half of his heathen countrymen, applied for permis sion to shoot -off crackers, gorge on stewed ducks, and swill cheap brandy, and have a good old holiday time in general in honor of somo bouse-headed deity who was half a hog and half an alligator. The .letter was short and sweet in its way, and joggled along as follows : " Dear Sir,-Please give an order for to-night 8 to 2 o'clock at morning, to festival day of ghost superstition." * # # Speaking of the financial position of the Charters Toweis (Q) Chinese there is a story told of a cer tain lawyer who, while defending some of the heathens, recently said,," Your Worship, the China men are some of the best men on this field." " Yes," returned the T.M. drily, " and I happen to know it too. Only a few days ago ono of them, who is now sitting beside you, offered me a £100_ a year, bnt I could not see my way clear to accept it. lie wanted to run a fantan saloon, # # # Now that tho depressing influence of a hot 'cross bun and dried apple diet is passing away, and preparations are being made to slaughter the fes tive goose, I take the opportunity -of wishing all our readers a very happy Easter time. We would do well to make the most of the holidays now, for stern winter's icy hand is upon us already and our outdoor jollifications will be badly nipped for a time. Therefore, lot us lay up a stock of pleasure while we have the chance, and once more a happy Easter to all. _ . 