'CBBISTADELPBIAN PUBLIC ADDRESS. [oommOncr·kn .] An address was delivered, in the Western Star Lodge's room, Brisbsne street, on Sunday evening lest, by Mr. R. Weldon, the subject being: "Manhood, or true manliness and fol e~es of stature by Scriptural measrure." There was a fair attendance, end much interest was manifested throughout the evening. Mr. W. Soarborough occupied the chair. The meeting was commenced by singing, reading, and prayer-the50th Psalm being duly readand commented upon by the lectorer, who sought to impress upon the minds of his hearers the ftact, as recorded by the Pealmist, that the emighty God, even the Lord, hath spoken, and called the earth from the rising of the sun onto the going down thereof; and that it eat necessary for men, if desirous ef being fooud well-pleasing at the coming and the appearing of Cbrist,to hearken unto His voice,so that they eight be accounted worthy of thecoming age, and the resurrection from the dead (Luke, 20, iii.) : also, thattheymightbe numberedamong those spoken of in the 5th verse of the 50th Psalm, where God, by His spirit, through the Psalmist, had spoken prophetically of the eame time, saying : Gather my eainto together unto me. Who might they bey might be inquiredf To which theanswer would be "Thosethathave ·madea covenant with Me, by eserifiee." Show, that it was necessary that people, if desirous of attaining unto glory, honour, and immortality. that God may render unto them eternal life, -meat make a covoensnt with Him, through His Bon, by anorifice. If they fail to comply with the requirements which He has specified so clearly, then is there nought for them bsut oblivion--the darkness of the grave for all time; for they who fail to make a covenant with God, thron?h Jslsn, will sleep a perpetual \- sleep, never to awake, suith the King whose mame is the Lord of Hosts. (Jerem., li., 39-57.) The lecturer then went on to show the path of duty on man's part, in regard to the great plan of salvation which God, in His love for His creatures, had stoeped to delineate for their safe and sure guidance in doctrine, or. rection, walk. and conversation, as the bless ings promised are designedforsnchas ordereth his oonoersation aright, God saying : "To him willI show the slvation." His salvation is very narrow and rough. The path, if they would attain unto the perfect man, and to the :falnees of stature in Christ Jesspr, is, indeed, a rugged one. Hence the saying of the Anointed : "Itis throughmuchtribhlation that we are to enter the kingdom of God; thathking. dom spokenprophetically ofbyDanieland others whIhob is to break in pieces and consume all other kingdoma, and stand for ever. (Dan. ii., 44, and vii,, 1, 14, 18, 22, 27; Psalm ii., and BeveL ii., 25 to 27, Zii, , 5, and xix., 15.) Moreover, the lecturer, alter reading Job iii., 11 to 19, went on to show, alsoe, that those who had not made a oovenant with God, when death overtook them, were as though they had, not, or never had, been-they were no nmoe; although it had become customary to real (by the teachers of the people) from Job xiv., 1-" Man that is born of a woman is of a few days, and fall of trouble Be cometh torthlike a flower, and is out down; he feoth, also, es a shadow, and conolinuel not --" in the sa?ie state," they (the preachers) add; but it was false, and a twisting of literal and direct testimony, for is was plainly affirmed that * 4au aoontioneth not." This applied to all men, or persons, whether good or bad, as Solo. mnon stated (in Ecol. ii., 14 to 16, and ix., 2 to 4), But, in the event of a covensant having been made between a person and God, in His appointed way, snch an one would be among those of whom Job testifies (in xiv., 12, latter claoe)--"Till the heavens (or powers) be no more) they shall not awake, nor be raised out of their aleep." And "what a man seweth that shall healso reap" (Gal., 67); for " man dieth (and not a part of him) and wasteth away"-that was plain enough; "yJe, man giveth up the ghost (spirit or breath), and whdre is he ?" The first verse supplied the answer-" he continoeth not." And, in the great majority of cases, this had an endless applioation; for they would )e (being aliens from the commonwealth of Israel and stran ger from the covenants of promise, having no hope, and without God in the world-Ephe. sians ii., 12) a infants who never saw light, or as,a*n hidden, untimely birth-they had not been; they wiltl lie stilt, and he quiet, nad sleep with kings and connsellors of the earth who built desolate plsces for themeelvesr, and be as though they had not been ever in sheol (thegrave). He went on to show that, before a person could lawfully hope for the salvation promeised, it was necessary to be "born a?ain," even a Jesans informed Nicodemos, a ruler of the Jaews, who also came to Jesus by night (as many in theepreaot day and generation amre went to do) He, however, failed to compre hend what Jesus meant, but, honestly con feeasing his ignorance, the Saviour enlightened his mind, aaying-" Except a man be born of water, and of the spirit, he cannot enter into the kingdom of God" (John iii., 3 t 6, and Mark xvi., 16.) Hence it followed that, if ther ?msnt be a birth-a new birth (as with the eatural, so also with the epiritual)--there must first be conceptio-i e., of the good seed, and bhe good seed was the "word -f the kingdidi." (Mat., 13 to 18,saud Luke, 8 to 10.) The Word of God : then came thegermination or growth of the seed planted, then followed the birth which the Anointed One referred to -" Oatne of water"-viz , baptism, which Peter (in his First Epis. iii., 21) styled The answer of a good consoienace towards God and Jeans" -a fulfilling of all rightsonusnerse. (Mat. 3, to 15.) Then followed a continued growth from ' babyhood to mahood"-in Christ Jeasu, until they eventually attained unto oroame in the unity of the faith, and of the knowledge of the Son of God, unto a perfect man. unto the measaure of the stature of the fullness of Christ. (Ephesios, iv., 10 to 18.) Jesos says, in re. gard to all those who are in Him-even though they might. be mere babes in Him, as were someof Hie disciples and apostles--indeed, it might with truth be asserted that all were so at the commencement--all having to creep before they could walk, for did He notoffer up, on their behalf, thanks to God for having bid those thinge --" The gospel of the kingdom and the things concerning the name"-from the wise of this world and prudent; and for having revealed them nto (His disciples and tpoatles) babes. (Mat., 11 to 25. FirstCorinth, iii., 1, nnd Psalm, viii., 2. He says, if ye will ask anything in My nam,Iwilldoit; andthat, if they loved Him, they must keep His com mandments. (aohn, xiv., 1515.) It therefore devolved upon them, if they would be wise senafter God's standard of wisdom.to hearken to Him. Though they might suffer severe scoffing, they might be despised, they might lose worldly friends and pleansures, which were only so many allurements tending to draw away unstable souls from theiroovenant ship with God; but let them keep in mind that, though scoffers mig t speak great swell ing words against them,yettheworld,whihob they were contituente of, "and the fashion thereof. passeth away." (Piret Corinth., vii., 31, and irstEpiat John. ii., 12.) And the time was abort, leaving no time for troubling co that ac \- oont ; forChriot suffered thesame, and wcrse, Himself, at the hands of coffere. For, though He were a son, yet learned He obedience by 'the things which He suffered, and, being made perfect, He became the author of eternal ealt. vation unto all them that obey Him. (He brews v., 8 and 9) Paul, admonishing his brethren, says: As ye have, therefore, re eived oChrist Jesus the LoRrd. so walk ye in Him-rooted and built up in Him . iForin Him is all, or dwelleth all, the fullness of the Godhead bodily. (Coloe., ii., S to 12 ) Forit pleased the Father that, in Him, should all fulness dwell. (i., 18 to 23 ) Itbehoved 'them, therefore, to pree forward toward the mark for thc prizm of the high calling of Gad in Christ Jesus. (Philip. iii, 14) Tihe way of earvation was progressive. They were to .go on to perfecton--to continue patient in well-doing, thas they might attain unto glory. honour, and immortality-that God might render unto them eternal life. ,(Rom., ii., 7.) The lecturer alaoqunted many other Scriptures, ' to the antitfactio, of his hearers. 