SSk. liteMTUBE: Three Generations of Eiiglishlno7ncn ...Mev.oirf and Correspondence- of - Mrs. Afohn Tavlor Sarah Justin, and Lady Duff Girdon. I!v Janet Eos*. Too vols. {Join Jtarav.) Fe^ amoi>g tho literary circles of tic rreset't day hnow anything o£ the Taylora'Sf Sonr'cfc. A period of thirty years fi«kM«IWf lira. Bom has in,.-theeB,JMumfe, crJertO'i the correspondence-bCr "mother, modrncther, and great' prandiuotlier, of. itsirkaWe intellect, strength ofv^aracttrjt virietv of accomplishment?, social'and .personal loJoence, for the number and^na-nes of( ratesmea, lawyers, men of letters ofrbe highest distinction a: home and abroad. whom tbey' reioai'l mens Ihfir eonslant-.faiilliar^ms;; irad-tts and their intimate and devoted ffiinSa" Tie iades contains the nanies 8f all the movers e: thought and masters of events in the Europe fo iiree i". jyi. J7,« Parent's Cabinet. New edition. Edited Ir (ionftince Hill. 6 vols. (W. H. Allen and Co.) The idea of The Parent's Cabinet, trianatcd some fifty years since with.Mis£ Martha Co*per (afterwards Mrs. Frederic Hill), «bo propnj-d to some literary friends interested in tho mental and moral training Of childfeii tfcst tbey should togethet- write a ]uvemlewOrk, comprisiriii talc?, travels, biographies, and lateral history, .with familiar descriptions of the o'^reis vhicli surround children. The rcRroWe Maria Bdgeworth expressed her sympathy with the project. Not the least of the irerit>: of these books, as Miss Kdgeworth long sin.-c pointed out, is their entire freedom from s'angand vulgarity—a negative recommendation which unfortunately cannot be ascribed in these days to every book deskned for thtt entertainment an 1 instruction of J-oiiiig readers. fV Graphic G(dier>j ofShakespeare's Heroines (Sanpson Low and Co.) The series of twentycne plates comprise! in this sumptuous volume nre reproductions , of „ the ., original - paintings - . - from copper p a.es by Gonpilgravure ana arc very I remarkable ™,,L-.l,].,vImnV«„f examples of the capabilities .»,,!,.,„ of that wonderful process. Brief sketcbos of the story of each play so far as it concerns tho ideal portrait of its IieroiSe are furnished by Mr. W. £. Henley. CWfc»»irJ on Preaching. By Henry Twells. (Longman*.)—Canon Twells has herehit.jipon ao anting and, to some extent, an original m)de of di- cussing the .shortcomings, realjand imaginary, of the eld-gy in these days. The colloqnic. are r.one tie'Torse for an occasional i nel] of humour. OId- flo%6^Wh>>-£rdnts to Ids wife that Sector fot Tom his place on the railway, for which he " up'd and thanked him " w'.ih nM his heart, but sticks to his point that " Be:tor bj no better nor an old owl when he jets np liiem stairs"—might furnish Mr. Pinero or Jlr. Henry Arthur Jones with "a hint for another p:asant sketch in his next comedy. The French Stage in tine Eighteenth-Century. (Ciapaaa an-! Hall.}—In the epinion of some carefcl obscrrers that//anions institution the ConOdie Fraueaise, Which still ng pices in a substantial subsidy from the State, and is-perhaps the most French of all French institutions, ha* seen its heydays.:-The spirit of competition 1 has invaded its administration ; the greed bf gold has taken-pisspssion': of its most distin-' piishci associates, arid modest shares and half shires are now contrasted with the gains to : be J derived from starringin the provinces and among the playgoing races of the old and new world. The t« o volumes now published, though complete la themselves, are substantially a continuation of the author's formi-r volnmes, which carried tie chroniclt s down to the death of Bacine and the close of the seventeenth century.' The narrative closes with the dawn of the great fame of T.<lma, who to the English reader is, perhaps the most interesting figure of the French stage in the last-century. The Portfolio, . edited by Thilip Gilbert , L, Htmcrton. (Seeley and Co.) The present volume, which comprises the monthly issues for the past year, is not behind its predecessors in the interest of its contents or in the variety and quality of its pictures. Amo:.g the most important items" which are promised for the new year are a series of articles on Westminster Abbey by Mr. Loflie, with illustrations by Mr. Herbert Eailton ; a drawing by fir Frederick Leigbton ; a nolice of the engravings 0f Woollett by Mr. Louis Fagan ; a scries of Olustr'ted articles en Dartmoor by Mr. Alfred Dawson • aai au account of ff0!f, the distirmuished annii.il painter, by Air. A. H. Pilmer Life and Times of Girolamo Savinareia." By Professor r.isquale Villari. Tran-l,ted by Linda \ illari. With' tr.itions. Two vols. (T. Fisher DnwinJ. This is, in form a-id substance," a new version of the great work 'which, since it was published a quarter of a century ago, has become a recognised classic. In its original shape it w.is translated by Mr. Leonard Horner. That translation, much read and valued at that time, is now out of print Madame Yillari's translation is entirely new; it is her own, and to say that is the highest praise. In style it has the fraw Livi freedom of the original, transfused with aasterly ease into the English idiom. The results o: souie recent researches are embodied in the notes, and such abridgments as have been deemo l desirable for the English reader have been eSictcd under the careful guidance of the author. Here, then, we may confidently wclcome the Life of Savonarola, which may take Its r-a-e ill the library -without "fear of being satersedtJ. * Eemj Han's Ou-n Lawyer. (Crosby.Xlxwkand Co.) The new edition of'thisiseful . h=ea enlarged and snpploncnted with racraaccs ta re;ent statutes and 'eases. It |s rare,u:ly compiled and brought: down tovthe latest dat. Thus the provisions of'iheineir. laten-s, Designs, and Trades'Marks Act,Vbich oa.v received the Royal Assent on-»lic ^4ti ueaauer last, are duly summarifcd. 'in lite Manner all t' at is important to be known about' Co ; '- Ti£ht A o t rf 1 bfi - Tnc Cnr.j.'ac Annual DinaH.for thc'Yczr, andi'f ' T,"" r r 1 -" A1£red E:nden - Clowes v a t rendcra VTC I I a -valuable ser- " 1 5 1 where " ' tot To „:irj ifaia;/a ir tlie 2)ili(, 0y SuiJlct._ Oaddr !u' :t ,V ' J ", S Pcur 1Ir ' ^ s - Florence Mrs'r "^' f^ Ellckc «)- ^e interest of i ,„i - 1 5 i'leasant and chattv pages is very vZ™""™** on tbc cruis = io Siam. The h,re ii , ^'shmen, and are glad to n flS/^'S C « l,lMnre ' during the last . tbey have made astonishing proa^T Lcr, I ,£an n °tions, and if not so pliant w receive as the Japmese, have little of the loonl ;' « T «tcra ideas which is la li-or^ l he rn - Vil tosp'tality and kindness l-or,jus for tue comfort of his guests. (i)cnt!-r nnd Son.) The Ito3w 5 ODe of Hie "cmple 1 m volume form. The author might ^^Now.-for i'snaaV;- :,; 'J!,® h m who « ives ^ h o o t liriw L f : 01 with a VO'CL 1 W v . ev . er aflCr . at the cud of the third "', real life often enough, and 1,115 16 -W;t , U5 ^ h is whl1 tbc skill of Mr. tlie a T iew of life suited to bccome 6 t "' ;e » f tie readers of fiction. T • ' / : « • s y F. C. Phiinps. (5< 'iisii^ r , Dnens oheia and Co.) Mr. Phillips •ad 1 ullit J of actuaUte. Uis men en and j™'"'' 1 ™, "n-n and women of the day; ther-.J' 03 \- 1 ej are sometimes caricatures, 1 as a , the living. Mr. Phillips Mr,catnrcs of hisow CJe f " r cssentials ia his^ctureiSf oial.i 1° aEC 'i- ^^ Personages, as hp paints them'; Mnrr,;" 0 at no 0,her ,ime - LitUe Mrs. a TClI bred iidr f f " adventuress. She is the vhL . r , ;al ? d the trader is Victorian, STV'-f.l h e i$ Eot - The book is one that and will be read. • 1 rni. 1 Xhcl- haU wyasx. Ghosts. By Sarah Tyller, 3 T.it!, ('-"auoand Windos.) In this story Miss broken aw ground. There is an "•ease coaplfiiity, as «t old-fashioned mclodraiae, the plot; and readers who love the mystery of circumstance, ^s. distinct from-the ^ here 17 mot,Te character, will find it ri T '' c Tra4 * of tie Storm. By Dora Russell. ,: f1 J 0 ';" < Dnrst m J B'»ekctL) Novels "•=tit be classed Mcoriiaglj aa.the love-making 'fKinifeirst vplujne,3n ili tecoird.-or-in 'Be third. In this one it begins in the first chapter, page 5 thereof, and a first kiss is ret' Stored on page 8. It is enough to saytbit, in, '•pileof the heavy discouragement of the opening \ chapters, readers who -like a-bapny ending may tk LT^- T r a * o f m lhe book is "written vStlTSiiiiation:' bM it saows no exceptional power.'" " ". A HAMJIOCE has been patented iy Mt B^ny., A. Korris, of Houston, Texas, f - It is made -'with; slats, each provided at its en ds wilh a transverse aperture -thnmgii«vhich-- pas3es a ^cord--or*^ttt-o for holiiiif n£g£g aliffirm^ designed to bs simple and durable and yielding to the motion of the body. 