TOPICS OF THE DAY. [From our own Correspondent.] London. September 27, 1889 The first week of that blighting blast of autumn, the east wind, has swept away three valuable lives, viz, Lady Holland, Mr Wilkie Collins, and Mr. Henry Brougham Farnie. Lady Holland" y«2 77 yean of age, and bad long cowed to take an retire part In society, though till Saturday la?* ?he on joyed excellent health. By her «f??th that historic pile, Holland 'House, for" nearly two centuries and a half the haunt of the elite of statesmen, - philosophers, poets, painters, and humorists, loses one of Its moat famous duttelaines. The daughter of die eighth Earl of Coventry, the deceased lady married the fourth Lord Holland la 1833, and In a few yean her salon at Holland House became (he despair and ;«nvy of other hostesses and the talk of Europe. "It was," says a contemporary biographer, "to the mental gifts, personal infiaence, and tact of Lady Holland that these famous reunions owed that fascination which may fairly be said to have rendered them a focus for almost all that was best and noblest In the rank and culture of Europe. But charming as was the magic of her presence, the mistress of Holland House inspired no small amount of awe. la the words of the Princess Liech tenstein, 'Beautiful, clever.fand well* Informed, she exercised a natural autho rity over those around her. But a habit of contradiction —which, it Is only fair to add, she did not mind being reciprocated upon herself—occasionally lent animation, not to say animosity, to the arguments In which she engaged. It Is -easy for some natures to say a disagreeable thing, but tt Is not always easy to carry a disagreeable thing off cleverly. This Lady Holland could do.' The lady who penned these lines was, it may be remembered, Lidy Holland's adopted daughter, whesa marriage with (Prince Aloys Liechten stein, at the Pro-Oathedral In Kensing ton, is referred to in the coarse of Count Beast's Memoirs as an 'extraordinary ceremony.' Extraordinary no doubt In the eyes of the ambassador, because it was Witnessed by the Prince and Princess of Wales, and thus represented the first occasion since the days of James 11. on which an English prince had attended Mass. ' Lord Granvllle,' he writes, 'said to me when the ceremony was over,' I had my eyes on yon to see how a gooi Protestant should behave.' Unusual and remarkable as the event was, it was not noticed In the newspapers. Mr. Glad stone, who was not present, said to me, when I expressed my surprise at his absence,' If I had come yon may be ante there would have been an outcry.'" Holland House now passes Into the possession of Lord Ilchester. WUkle Collins was getting a little better till the east wind came, when he caught a cold and having no strength left where with to combat it sank rapidly. The popular novelist had not a blood relation In the world, and the sole attendants at his deathbed were hb life-long friend Dr. Carr- Beard and his faithful old house keeper. It Is understood he leaves about £10,000, and that Dr. Carr-Beard and not Mr. Hall Oalne (as stated some time back) baa been appointed literary executor. For many yean Wllkle Collins taok large quantities of oplnm, and *t?y habit had no donbt much to do with the premature break-up of a natnrallystrong constitution. He succumbed to the pernicious Influence of the drag soon after writing "Poor Miss Find," and from that time his hand seemed to lose its conning. Not that he weakened all at once. " Man and Wife," for example, compares Indifferently with "The Woman in White," but it is miles in front of such morbid rubbish as "The Evil Genius" or "Blind Love." To posterity Wilkle Collins will probably be known only as the author of the three famous novels usually associated with his name. The Times, I see, pronounces " The Moonstone" the deceased's masterpiece, remarking that the last chapters of that amous story " will remain so long as sen sational novels are read as a model of all that Is most sensational, moat thrilling, and most Ingeniously probable in the midst of Improbability." Matthew Arnold curiously enough thought '* The New Mag dalen" Wukie Colllna's best work, and It certainly did work op Into a'capltal play. But the story has not the go and elas ticity of his earlier novels. Poor little Miss Amy Levy left behind a special request that her remains might be cremated, and though the Jews are by no means partial to the process of Incine ration her family repentantly compiled with her wishes. It does not aeem to be true that the poor girl was in any way Ultreated by her relations- She was very Impulsive, desperately self-willed, and yet intensely sensitive. Her Jewish friends say they were powerless to sympathise ■with her. It seemed to them horrible that this young girl ahould.have used her clever pen to caricature her nearest and dearest, and to hold up her religion and the habits of the chosen people to con tumely. The family Here grieved, hurt, and of course not a little angry. Mies Levy warmly resented their dis approbation, and went to live with Gentile friends. Subsequently, how ever, she returned home, and bnt for an unfortunate love affair would, her family believe, have become perfectly happy again. The conduct of .the fiance in throwing over Miss Levy because of "Reuben Sachs," naturally, the Jews say, sounds very bad to us. It seemed to him simply an inevitable dnty. Mr. Henry Brougham Farnle, the dramatic author who succumbed to the east wind on Tuesday, was better known in London ten years age than now. He supplies librettos for various comic operas, wrote several successful bur lesques, notably "Nemesis" and "El dorado," and was supposed to be facile prinoeps as a stage manager of such pieces. He leased the Avenue Theatre for some seasons. South Kensington Is all agog over what has already come to be known as the " Weldon case." Mr. and Mrs. Ernest Weldon were a wealthy couple residing In Gloucester Mansions, 8. W. Mrs. Weldon Is 38 yean of age, and Mr. Weldon, who was only 32, was her third husband. She Is a very large- massive woman, whereas Weldon was a little shrimp of a man, and from the time Mrs. Weldon married him, three yean ago, it Is alleged that she completely dominated him. Be this as it nay, he certainly complained to his brothers of fll-treatment, and on one occasion recently displayed bruises which he declared were caused by his wife's fists. Last year the pair quarrelled and sepa rated, bnt were reconciled at Christmas, and spent this summer at Boulogne. Early in September Mr. Weldon fell 111, and bis wife distrusting French medicos, brought him home. He died two days later, and Dr. Farr, of South Kensington, certified the cause of death to be Bright's disease (the symp tom?'of which are much the same as those of arsenic poisoning), aggravated by dip somania. The funeral took place hurriedly and with ceremony It Is alleged, and alto gether the circumstances were so peculiar that one -of Mr. Weldon'a brothers con sulted the Home Secretary, who ordered the body to be exhumed. This was done, and a postmortem held, the result of which will be made known In a day or two. Meanwhile Mrs. Weldon'* move ments are supervised. On all hands It la admitted the deceased was a confirmed dipsomaniac, and that Mrs. Weldon had great trouble with him. He was locked op at Lewes once fox 14 days In delirium tremens, and fined at Wandswoith Police Court early this year for drunkenness. There was a great scene at the Gaiety Theatre on Saturday evening, when JSellle Farren, Fred Leslie, Marlon Hood, and Co. reappeared on the familiar boards after 18 months' absence In Aus tralia and die United States. No one seemed to care much aboutthe new piece. It wh the " welcome home" ire all Wished to assist at, and what a welcome It was. When the irrepressible Nelile, frisky, buoyant, and debonnalre aa erer, skipped blithely on to the stage the smart home literally rose at her. The gallery, crammed almost entirely with medical students, hang ont a huge streamer, on which was Inscribed. "The boys welcome their Nellie," the pit cheered and waved handkerchiefs, and the atalls clapped like lunatics. Later Fred Leslie had an equally hearty reception, the audience rising and singing "For he's ft jelly gocd fellow" much as If It were " God &?ve the Queen." Sli weeks hence the new burlesque, "Ruy Bits," wfll no doubt have" Forked up Into a conven tional Gaiety suedes. At present It la much too long. Wh&n; Fred Leslie and Nellie Farren are together all goes well, but whilst they are resting ottf is apt to get bored. LettyUnd, I thought, scarcely danced as gracef ally as before she went on tour, and Marlon Hood's voice seemed a trifle husky. Bat the entire company, of course, were nervous, and will do better presently. Horace Llngard's new venture with Offenbach's " Brigands," at the Avenue, has not so far " caught on." Why the work was selected no one seems to know, as it was never even In the old days at the Globe Theatre a popular success. Mt, Rutland liaxxinston having dissi pated in the course of a few weeks' management at the St. James's Theatre the hard- earned savings of ten yean' returns to the Savoy for Gilbert and Sullivan's new opera. George Grossmlth It Is highly Improbable will ever act in a company again. His entertainment has so far proved a perfect gold mine. The little man writes from Soutfasea that hii share of the profits np to now average within a few pounds of £320 a week, that he Is pestered to death by enterprising Impresarios wanting him to " try America and the colonies." At present he hu no Intention of trying either, bat as the villain in the play says, "A time may come." Great curiosity is naturally felt with re gard to the revival of " Caste " at the Cri terion next week. Leonard Boyne plays D'Alroy; a young actor named Ollnot, fresh from the provinces, Hawtrie; and David James, Socles. Lacka daisical Miss Olga Brandon should be quite at home aa Esther, and Lottie Vennle is perhaps the on 6 contem porary actress capable of doing justice to the mercurial Polly. The comedy hu been most carefully rehearsed, and will be staged rather more smartly than hereto fore. The rumor that Mrs. Bancroft medi tates returning to the stage le quite untrue lam sure. The erstwhile petite Marie Wilton has grown so ponderously stout that it would only be possible to fit her with most unromantic roles. Even on the lecture platform her podgy figure shows to terrible disadvantage. I don't seem to have heard of many new songs lately. One Is pestered to death with the nauseously glucous " For you" and "Love's golden dream." At the promenade concerts Nikiha makes a fairish hit with "Sweetheart," which Is written to the tune of the "Ma cherie" waltz ; but Madame An toinette Sterling does not seem to affect anything newer than Moir's "Children asleep" and Molloy's " We'll keep the old grey mare, John." " Soldier John," by E. M. Chesham, has been commended to us, and Michael Watson's "Little Lord Feuntleroy" seems being sung every where, judging by concert programmes. The best of the new sacred songs Is "Gethsemane," by Odoardo Barri. In the comic line I know of nothing better than Grossmlth's absurd parody of modern sentimental songs, " Thou of my thou" and "A cockney's life for me." The joy of the music halls are Chas. God- frey's dramatic scene song "Called to the bar," and James Fawn's highly objec- tionable " Ask a pleeceman." The barrel organs have with one accord seized on the latter, which has a murder-inspiring refrain. By the way I ought, I suppose, to have suggested Mr. Michael Maybrick's new ballad " Mona "to your notice. It Is published by Boosey, who also an nounce " Down by the sunlit stream," by Molloy. Chappell's advertise Tosti's " Winged echoes " as very good, and the new Scotch song writer, Hamish McCann, seems to have scored with a bibulous can ticle called " Pour forth the wine." A new poet baa arisen for whom "Dear Andrew with the brindled locks" and other leading lights of the Savage Club predict a great future. ' This Is none other than William Whiter, the renowned Boston critic, whose obiter dicta on theatrical matters have made and marred the career of more than one English " star " In the States. Most Americans were probably aware Winter possessed a pretty trick of versification, and had read fugitive pieces of his in the magazines, but till the volume called "Wanderers" was published 10 days ago few appear to have realised how thoroughly good ha could be. Now "Wanderers" Is to be seen on every "culchawed" Anglo-American drawing room table. It certainly does contain some gems. What could be better than the following vignette of a cathedral city:— The quiet streets as evening fell, The minster's gloom, the solemn belli, The scented air, The rooks that thronged the giant treea, The chaichyaid stones, and over these The moonlight fair. Here, too, are some good "In Memoriam" verses, free from cant and rant and clean cut aa a cameo:— Speak softly here and softly tread. For all the place is holy ground. Where nature a love enshrines her dead And earth with blessings folds them round. He rests at last: the world far off May riot in her mad excess, But now her plaudit and her scoff To him alike are nothingness. He learned in depths where virtue fell The heights to which the soul may rise, He counded the abyss of Hell, He scaled the walla of Paradise. What else? Till every wandering star In Heaven's blue vault be cold and dim, Our faithful spirit! following far. Walk in the light that falls from him. Our boys seem to be going to be even better off than usual for exciting story books this Christmas. Mr. Manville Fenn has deserted them, finding novels apparently better paying business than boys' tales, but Henty, the ever faithful, is as usual to the fore with three new stories, and Mr. Sablne Baring Gould and Mr. Hall Calne have been trying their 'prentice hands at this description of literature. Mr. Henty's stories will of course be published by Blackie*, and are entitled "With Lee In Virginia," "By Pike and Dyke, a Tale of the Rise of the Dutch Republic," and "One of the 28th, a Story of Waterloo." The same firm announce " GretUr the Outlaw, a Tale of Iceland," by S. Baring Gould; "High ways and High Seas," by Frankfort Moore ; and "Afloat at Last," by J. C. Hutchison, The latter gentleman farther announces, through Ward Lock, "The Black Man's Ghost, a Story of the Buccaneers' Buried Treasure of the Galapagos Islands." Mr. R. M. Ballantyne'a much - looked - forward •to annual tale will deal with smuggling from a novel standpoint, and Is entitled " The Eagle Cliff, a Tale of the Western Isles;" and Mr. Edward Garrett promises " John Winter, a Story of Harvests." Messrs. OasseUs lament dolorously that there are not enough "cnlchawed" Eng lishwomen In existence to support a really high-class *' toney" . m^g"^"" like the Woman's World, and that that preten tious, and, If the truth must be told, deplorably dull periodical will, In conse quence, cease to be published. Personally 1 fancy I shall be able to support exis tence without it. Indeed I must confess I never was able to Me quite where this magazine's "surprising superiority to the average ladies'paper" came in. The fashion notes were not to be compared with the Queen's, the general articles seldom dealt with subjects of genuine domestic inte rest, and the fiction was poor. The speak plainly, Mr. Oscar Wilde failed. Now Aialanta, started at about the same time as the Woman's World as a hlgh-cUss magazine for girls, has proved a complete success. It appeals to every sort of damsel, from the immature " blue stocking," whogoeslnfor "competitions," "prize essays," and "hospital cots," to the mere " frivoller" who seeks Its pagas simply for the entertainment they afford. This year's annual volume contains a delightful novel by W. E. Norris, "Miss Shafts," which Is of Itself worth the six shillings the book costs, The statement of Harpers, Monroe, and other American pirates that Mrs. Hunger ford's (the Duchess's) stories are more popular than any others In the States has occasioned a good deal of surprise over here, where this author's works, though Indubitably well read, have never been looked upon as anything phenomenal. The best of them are "Mrs. Geoffrey" and " Molly Bawn." When yon've read those yon have read the lot. I see, by-the-bye, that some wiseacre has discovered " The County," the new novel which his been running through CornidU, and comes ont to-day In 3 cols., Is by Mrs. Hungerford. Doa't be lieve it The styles are quite different. " The County" Is obviously by a fresh, healthy, clever girl, who has nod studied Bhoda Broughton and James Eayn for ■nothing. Rumor, I fancy, more nearly hit the mark when it attributed the authorship to one of the last-named novelist's many charming daughters. We have heard nothing of Me Anstey Gnthrie (or " F. Anstey" as he prefers to be called) for so long that his new novel, to be published in 3 vols. on October 15, will be welcome indeed. It is called •• The Pariah," andaapirea to much higher flights than anything he has before attempted. 