Speeches .of the Elect. Mr. ..JosEvlr Carse, wI o was loudly cheored, said that the very highy and honourablo position in which they had placed him that day prevented him from in any way thanking them as he would wish, or as hd believed they deserved. (Applause.) 1Ho thanked them most sincerely for the very greathonour they had conferred upon him; he thought the greatest honour that could be conferred upon any man. There were reasons why the honour was greater-because there wore no electors in any constituency in New South Wales who had conducted ai electioi so orderly and so intelligently as they had that ds.y. (Alpplause.) H1e would cn dearour to represent them by his faithful services. They had changed the position of affairs, compared to the last election. Then he was at the bottom of the poll, and that day they had elevated him to the top. (Ap. plause.) lIe should, in every act of his as their mouthpiece endeavour to occupy his position with the dignity and honour it deserved. Without any vanity he might say that they liad made him boss of the ship, with two of the best colleagues they could get (Applause.) No other men who had ever serred in Parliament worked in greater harmony for their interests titan the three they had that day returned; and he know that they would continue to act in that way. He had to thahk his conunittee. They had been very kind, generous, and energetic in his behalf. No man who ever stood to re present that important and enormous con stituency had had, he thought, more respect and more kindness shown towards him, even by those who differed from him, than hI had received at their hands; and although, per. haps, there were a few who hid scratched out his name, he would endeavour to serve them as well as those who had voted for him. (Applause.) He felt honoured with the way in which tli election had been carried out. It was not Mr. Wright whom they had voted against, but the party who stooped to cajole them, and Mr. Wright was their representative. (Groans.) He had not a single word to say against him, and he hoped the party whose tool he was, and who sent him here, would be taught a lesson for the future. (Cheers.) So long as he had the honour ef representing the humblest member of the County, with the most influential, they would always find him the same .Toe Creer. (Cheers.) He had specially to thank the ladies of the County for their attention to him during the election. Wherever he hlid gone he had had a lady to look after him, and there was always a cup of tea ready for him. (Laugh ter.) [ENr. Fletcher: "You have a wife; by George, you'll catch it."J Ho was strs if Mrs. Creer were there that she would acqui esce in ovexy word he said regarding the kindness they had shown to him. He had again to thank them. (Loud applause.) Mr. MELTILLE, who was received with loud applause, said it afforded him exceed ingly great pleasure to thank them for the proud position in which they had placed him. He had come before them many times, and it seemed that he need not come too often, for they treated him better every time. (Applause.) He was perfectly satisfied wth the state of affairs, because it had been proclaimed that he was the most handsome of the three representatives. (Laughter.) His colleagues attempted to deny it, but they had proved it, and he held in his hand a beautiful bouquet of flowers handed to him by a lady friend. The psottiest flower was always placed in the centre, and they had placed him between the two. (Laughter.) He had been going round the district and had been pleading with them from the commencement of the battle to the finish that if he were returned as their repro. sentative, Mr. Creer and Mr. Walker should be alongside of him. (Applause.) Some persons said he had injured himself by de claring that if the person who had just site. ceeded in saving, not his own money but that of the Freetrade league, was returned that he would not sit with him. He was honest in his statement, and he meant it. (Applause.) He had been charged in the paper that morning with being inconsistent, because he had dared to speak a word in favour of one of his col leagues. One who called himself a religious man had dared to impugn Chishristianity be cause he had spoken for his colleague, Mr. Walker. They had heard what he had stated at the meetings, and he maintained that if there was a Christian he was Ninian Melville who knew it, and who would grip with a firm hand any usan whom some people had tried to stamp down, and the reason he spoke so warmly for Mr. Walker, was because men in high positions had made attempts to .hanel him out of political existence, and he should have been le?s tthan a man-a skunk 0 hoeaste he wal Freethought and he (Mr. Melville) was a Christian, ..e.. ~i .....pcd him. (Applause.) That was his crime, but according to a leading article in the Herald and Advocate he had other crimes. In that asticle it was stated that no doubt Messrs. Walker and Melville would be returned, and that they and Messrs. O'Mara and Toohey would re enact the seine scenes again. Mr. Ellis, who had dared to asperse his and his colleagues' characters, had been pest where men of his stamp should be consigned. (Cheers.) There would be a Protectionist party in thee House; if there was hot, they would probably have tq go before the electors aegain. Saturday had shown to most of the 1reotraders that the port of Newcastle had for ever ignored Freetrado. This had boon brought about by the working men. The electors of the County had been compelled that day to lose a day's work for an object who was standing somewhere on those hustings. (Groans.) Freetraders had talked about: taxation. Why, over £2500 had been lost that day in wages through the action of a gentleman who got £25 for doing it. (Groans.) If this hireling had not come into the County, these mon could have boon kept at work. Hie in no way felt regret at the captain they had given him. He was perfectly delighted to become his mate, and he should be delighted to obey orders, and he did not know that Mr. Creer did not deserve them. He had done a lot of hard work. He (hIr. Melville) had been doing the fighting and slaving, and Mr. Creor had attended to the underground engineering, and in doing so had been assisted by the tea the ladies had given him. (Laughter.) Mr. Creer was captain of the ship, but if he attempted to turn him out he would throw hiin overboard. He had known Mr. Creer many years and he had told them what he thought of him, and he could assure them that without one regret he could stand by and see him the first member for the County. (Applause.) They had all fought together for a princuple. They had turned the bag upside down, and Mr. Creer being the smallest had rolled out first. (Laughter.) He had great pleasure in extending his hand to Mr. Cresr, and he was confident he would never give him an order that he could net obey. He had also great pleasure in shaking hands with Mr. Walker, as he know it would delight his friend at Minmi, Mr. Hindman, and if he had abad night, he hoped he would not go to the warm place (Laughter.) They had that day gained a great victory., it was true that the Treasury would not get Mr. Wright's £40, but it was a severe squeak, and was proof that if a Freetrader wanted to got into Parliament, he would not be sent there by the electors of Newcastle or the County. (Applause.) His friend, Mr. Per rott, hadl disocharged his duties well as the mouth trices of Mr. Turtonwwhomhswassorry to say was unable to discharge them himself. Mr. Perrott had not witnessed those blank, guard scenes whioh were enacted in the city of Newcastle. ieo had told him (Mr. Mel. yille) privately that this district contained less crime for its population than any similar district. (Applause.) 1He would always act honourably towards them. (Loud applause.) Mr. WALIvcR also returned thanks, and said that although he was last he was not least. He was proud to occupy the position in which they had that day placed him. 11o had coeis before them a few years ago, and luid polled 1200 votes; he had come agaiu and got 2300, and now he had 3200. (Ap. plause.) This showed that he was makiug friends, and he hoped he should continue to make theii, until he.got to the top of the tree. They were standing as one man, and he was sure there had never been any jealous feeling. H[e was proud to be on the side of the cause that must triumph before long. Mr. Wright needed no abuse. They had not defeated him, buit Freetrade. He again thanked them sincerely. (Applause.) Mu.R. JOSiAii WRiteTv. ' Mr. JTosIAi Wi.Oiux then came forward, and was received with loud and continied hooting and groaning. His remarks were to a great extent inaudible, even to those in his insuediate vicinity. 1He said that every voter who had recorded his vote in favour of Protection had recorded it in favour of bring. ing down wages. (" No, no," and •hooting.) Although on this occasiou lie had been treated to a lot of abuse, he had non had the opportunity of defending himself; but the time would yet come when they would know what he was-simply a working.isan. Although they lied recorded their votes in favour of Protection, he hoped that would never come to be the law of the land. IHo igreed that the conduct of the electors of Nortlunuberland would be. an example to the Newcastle crowd. They had conducted themselves like men. He thanked them for hearing him, and hoped n'oxt time he canme lefore them he would no more suc. cessful. (Groaning.) In response to loud and repeatedcries, The Hon. JAstics FIrETOER, M.L.X. casame forward. He was received with hearty checring. Ho said he Was proud because the electors of Northumberlauid had been true to the cause they believeh in, and had taught the Freetrado party they were not to be hood. winked or cajoled. We could tell them the so-called labour candidates knew as much about the question as .the Iifth wheel of a coach. They had plaiily told the hireling of the M'Millan party .that he was not wanted. When a nan boasted of being a friend of labour he meant that he thoroughly believed in the rights of. every man, regard less of who he might be, and who said, " Here are artizans, workmen, men of every trade and calling, who are being ruined by imported goods. We must insist on putting a stop to this, and give them employment." That was what he called a labour candidate. Did Mr. Wright, or the Freetrade party, believe the electors of Northumberland would be hoodwinked by a man who never did a day's work ? He was proud, indeed, they had returned tlheir three old members, for three harder-working mem bers, and three men whose hearts were more in the cause, could not be found in New South Wales. They had given Melville a turn of captainship, and now, for a change, they had given it to Creer, and in all pro babiihty next time they would put Walker at the top. If they did not have Protection now, it would be because they could not help it; but, thank God, .if they could, not give. thomr Protection them solves, there would be enough Protectionists in the House to prevent any more swindling and corruption. lie thought Mr. Wright would go back to Sydney a wiser, if not a richer man, and le hoped he (Mr. Wright) would tell Mr. M*Millan "You're not going to make a catspaw of me again, for the chil dren yonder know more of polities than I do." l1e could also tell him there was no use sending a novice in politics to contest Northumberland, because if they sent their ablost man there were miners who had pro posed and seconded candidates on the hustngs who could beat him. He hoped they would have a happier future than in the past. (Loud applause.) Mr. W. GRAHAIME, M.L..A., then came for. ward in response to calls. Re said he was thankful they had polled so well for the the principle. They had now six members, three for the county and three for the city, to give a solid and block vote. . They had heard a great del of the labour candidate, but it was a crying disgrace that the elec torate was idle that day on accourit of Mr. Wright, who knew he had no more ghost of a show on nomination day as well as he knew now. They had struck aI key-note which would reverberate throuioub the colonies, and they cow.. tell thu ffreetraders that the kecond city in the colony, and the lareCst mining community in the colony, had brushed Freetrado away from their midst. ie was glad indeed they returned three gentlemeun, whose political opinions were in u?.eord, who, wheoher their party was finally victorious or not, would ggit for Protection. He was satisfied they would do t.eir duty, and he, and liis colleagues of the city, would back up and support them to their utmost power, (Applause.) On the motion q )[r Oir, ORRex, 111.L.A., seconded, by Mr. N. 'ELcLLI", ?d-r,.A.. a vote of thauks was accorded to Mr. Turton, the Returning Oflicer, and his assistant, Mr. Perrott. Three cheers were given for each of tblo gentlemen, and Mr. Perrott replied on behalf of Mr. Turton and himself. Cheers for the Queen brought the proceedings t~o a close. Votes polled in the eleotoral district of Northumberland on Monday; 4th day of February, 1889 LAMBTON. • Joseph Creer ... .... . 623 Ninian Melville . *** . .020 Thomas Walker ... .. 509 Josiah Wright .... ... 115 Informal .;... ... 6,. WALLSEND. Joseph Creer .. ... ... : 530 Ninian Melville . 517 Thomas Walker . 504 Josiah Wright lit..5.68 Informal ... ... .. 1 " PLATTSBUEG Joseph Creer ... >. 577 Ninian Melvilleo 60 50 Thomas Walker 6, 557 Josiah Wright 86 Informal .:0 . 16 NEW 'LAMJTON. Joseph Creer ... ".241 ' Ninian Melville . ' , 241 Thomas Walker .., .. 232 Josiah Wright 84 Informal' 2 Joseph Cree 1937 Nimuan Melvillo . .., 201, Thomas Walker .. 189 Josiah Wright . ' .'61 Informal . WARATA ".' Joseph Creer .1..2.: ,, ... 31 Ninian Melvillo ... ..i' 121 Thomas Walker ... .... 107. Josiah Wright . ... 117 Informal .,. ...I ,. 2 WEST WALLSEND. JTosoph Creer ... .3, . 87 Ninian Melville . 87 U homes Walker , . 5 Josiah Wright ,,, ... 9 Informal 2... . • ... 2 BURWOOD. " ' Joseph Creor ... ... .. 418 Ninian Melvillo .;. • 426 Thomas Walker '., .,-418 Joesiali Wright .,, ' . 99 -Imiformal -.. ... o *-1 v ;l OfARLESTOWN. . Joseph Oreer-... .:." .. 81 Nmnian Molvillo .. 75 Thomas Walker Josiah Wright *.. ... 15 Informal ".. TERAL13A. Joseph Oreer . ... '.. ... 87 Ninian Melville .". . ''92 Thomas. Walker ... .,. 90 Josiah Wrigligh .. .. 14 Informal ...a.' ... , 5 COORANBON ?. Joseph Creer ...8. ... ... Ninian Melvillo 8 Thomas Walker 9 Josiah Wright .3 ".,BELSIOST.,. ,, Josoph Creer .e.. . ",. 1, Ninian Melvillo . 1 - Thomas Walkor . Josiah Wright ... 1. ...0 ADAMSTOWN. Joseph Creor .... ... 231 Jinian Molville .. 223 Thomas Vialker ..' .,. 282 Josiah Wright . 57 Inlormal . . 2 NEWCASTLE. Joseph Creer . .. ... 28' Ninian Molvillo ... 257 Thomas Walker ... ...2,10 Josiah Wright . 115 Informal .. ,2 TOTAL. Joseph Creer .... ... :.38.i, Ninian Melvillo ' ... 3403 Thomas Walker ".'.... 3257 ,Tosiah Wright .. .. 701 