* THE BONDMAŽh. A NEW SAGA. By HALL CALNE. Luther of "The Deemster," "A Eou of Hagar," "'he Shadow of a Crime," etc., etc. CHAPTER XX. TIIE PEACE OTII. There was short shrift for Red Jason. IIe was tried by the court nearest the spot, antl that wastho criminal court over which the Blishop in -his civil capacity presided, with nine of his neighbours on the beoch beside him. From this court an uppeal was possible to the Court of the Quarter, and again from the Quarter Court to the Hiiih Court of Althing; but appeal in this case tiere was none, for thlere was no due fence. And because Ieclandoc law did not allow of the imprisonsment of a criminal until after hu hadbeen sentenced, aninquest was called forth with, lest Jason should escape or compass the crime he uad attempted. So the Court of In quiry sat tle :same night in the wooden shed Ltht served both for Senate and house of Justice. The snlow was now falling heavily, and the bhour was late, but the court-house was thronged. It was a little place-a plain box, bare, featureless, and chill, with walls, roof and seats of wood, and floor of hard earth. Four short benches were raised, step above step, against the farthlet side, and on the highest of these the Bishop sat, with three of his col. leagues on each of the three rows beneath hitm. 'The prisoner stood on ia broad stool to the right, and the witnesses on a like stool to the left. A woodes bar crossed the room about midway, and in the open space between that and the door the spectators were crowded to. gother. The place was lighted by candles, and some were fixed to the walls, others were held by ushers on the end of long sticks, and a few were hung to the roof rafters by hemp ropes tied about their middle. The floor ran like a stream, and the atmosphere was full of the vapour of the sneow that was utelting on tile people's clothes. Nothing could be ruder than the court-house, but the court that sat there ob served a rule of procedure that was almost an idolatry of form. The prisonerwas called by the name of Jason, sot of Stephen Orry, and havinr answered in a voice so hlollow that it someet to come out of the earth beneath himi he rose to his place. His •attitudo was dull and Mnpassive, and he seemed hartly to see the restless crowd that murmured at sight of him. Ilis tall figure stooped, there was a cloud on his strong brow, and a slotw fire in his blood-shot eyes, and his red hair, long as a womanl's, hung iss disordered masses down his worn cheoks to his shoulders. Tno Bislop, a venerable prelate of great age, looked at him and thought, " That most's heart is dead within him,' The mouthpiece of tile court was a middle. .agod man, who was short, had little piercing eyes, a square brush of iron-grey hair that stood erect across the top of his corded forehead, and t a crisp, clear utterance, like the crackle of a hOrse's hoofs on the frost. Jason was charged with an attempt to take t the life of Michael Sutdocks, first President of t the second tRepublic. Hoe dd not plead and a had no defence, and the witnesses against him t Spoke only in answer to the leading questions of the fudges. The tst of the witnesses wats Greeba herself, and her evidence, given in English, was inter- . proted by an interpreter. All her brave strength was now gone. She trembled visibly. Her 4yes were down, her head was bent, her face was half.hidden by the hood of a cloak she wore, and her tones were barely audible. She t had little to say. The prisoner had forced his I way into Governmont-house, and there, to her own face, had threatened to take the life of her husband. In plain words he had done so, and then made show of going in pursuit of her hus band that he might carry out his design. "Wait," said the Bishop, "your husband r Was not present ?" "No," said Greeba. " There was, therefore, no direct violence ?" "None." " And the whlolo sum of the prisoner's offence, so far as you know of it, lies m the oso of the words that you have repeated ?" Yee." Then, turning to tie spokesman of the court, the old Bishop said "There has been no overt act. This is not an attempt, but a threat to take life." " Your pardo, my lord.," said the little man, in his crisp tonses. "I will shlow that the 1risoner is guilty of the essential part of murder itself. Murder, my lord," he added, "is not merely to compass tihe destruction of a life, for there is homicido by misadventure, there is .ustiflablo homicide, and there are tihe rights, 'ong rocognisod by Icelandic law, of the aven gers of blood. Murder is to kill in secrecy and after long-iharboured malice, and now, my lord, I shall show that the prisoner has lain m wait to slay the Presideut of the Republic." At that Greeba stood down, and other witnesses followed her. Nearly everyone had been summoned with whom Jason had ex changed words since he landed eight days . before. There was the lean stuldent who Ilad told him of the drill at the Latin school, the little tailor who had explahined the work at the gaol, the stuttering doorkeeper at the sonate. house, and one of the mltsons ;at the fort. Much was made of the fainting in the Cathedral yard on the Sunday morning, and out of the deaf landlady, the Cathedral caretaker, some start ling disclosures seemed to be drawn. " Still," said the old Bishop, " I see no overt act." "Good gracious, my lord," said the little spokesman, " are we to wait until the knife it self has been reddened ?" " God forbid," said the old Bishop. Thetou came two witnesses to prove motive. The first of them was the tipsy comrade of fonner days, who had drawn Jason into tile drinking-shop. He could say of his own know leodge that Jason was jealous of the new governor. The two were brothers in a sort of way. So people said, and so Jason had told hin. They had the same father, but different mothers. Jason's mother had been the daughter of the old governor, who turned his back on her at her marriage. At her death lhe relented, and tried to find Jason, but ?ould not, and then took up with Michael Sunlocks. People said that was the hegimeing of the now governor's for tune. At all events Jason thought lie had been supplanted, was very wroth, and swore he would be revenged. The second of the two witnesses pointed to a very different motive. He was one of the three Danes who had twice spoken to Jason--the elderly oman of the meek and qluit manneor. Though himself loyal to the Icelandic lRepublic he had been much thrown among its eneoices. Jason w-its one of them ; he came here as a spy direct from Copoenlagen, and hIis consotet asso .dates wero Thomson, an old, white-headed man ,living in tite High otreeot, and Polvesen, a young and seallow mat, who kept one of the stortes facing the sea. Witl thlese two Jason had been heard by him to iplnt tile usesassination of the President. At this evidence there was a deep murmur amonsg the people, and it was seen that Greoba hasd rsen agaiu to her feelt. Her heart burned and stormed witlhin her. Sllo tnred to speak but could not. At that moment Jason turned his bloodshot eyes it hee direction, and then hler limbs gave way under hler, end see sank back with a moan. Tie court miuread heremotion, .and she was remeoved. Jason's red eyes fol. lowed her constantly. " This is a case for the VWarning, not for punishment," said the Bishop. " It is plainily writte int our old Law Book thlat if a mass threatea to slay another manhole shall be warned of the gravity of the criue hle contemllatcs and of the penalty attaching to it." "Gracious heavens, my lord," cried the little spokesman, " what reason hlave we to assumno thatthis prisoner is ignorant of either ? Vlth .a life to guard that is prized by fricuds and recious to the State shall we let this man go itree who had sworn before witnesses to destroy " God forfend,"said thle Bishlop. It was lawful to question the prisoner, and so oho was questioned. "Is it true that you hlave been lying in wait .to kill the President ?" asked tle splokesman. But Jason made no answer. "Is it true that you hlave done so from a de 'Sire for personal vengeance '" No answer. "Or from political motives F''C .No ansswer. •" Or both C" Still no answer. Then the spokesman turned back to the 'court. "The stubborn persistence of the pri seoner is easy to tmunderstand," he said, and amiled. S Wait," said the old Bishop, and he turned towards Jason. "( Have you any valid plea C" But Jason gave no sign. " Listen," said tie Bishop. "' Though the man who Ceupeieses tho delstruction of a single lifo is as though hle lhad destroyed a world, for the posterity of him who is dead might have fllled a world, yet hlave all laws of men since the Pentateuch recognised certain conditions that limit the gravity of tie crime. If the man who is slain has himself slhln lthb near kindred of his slayer, though tie lrw of Iceland would no longer hold him guiltless, as iu the ancient mes when evil for evil was the rule and sen tence, neither would it liii:iis lhit ali a mur-n derer, who muto cot thli breuIl and drink thl water of misery all his diav. Now what is true of murder must Lb true of intent to murder, and though I am loth to believe it possible in this instance, hoiruririg and loving as we all do that good nl iu whitn you tro charged with lying in wait to kill, yet in mit duty must I ask you the question - has Michael Sunlock.s apilled blood of your blood, and is it ;s a red.iumer of blood that you go about to hl:ty hin ?" There was a t:l bitiush in the little crowmded court-hooui a; Jsa:.o litn:l lot liu i y, blo,),ldhot eyes to the Hlihop'a fte, and uut;oered, il at weary voir, -' I have nlthilg t) say." Then an aged Lutlherain plie.t, who had sat within the rail, with a suut-.ox in hi. hand aud a red Ipr:tt ha:lderchief cros.. his knoo, hobblud up to the witnes.t stool anl tenderod evideni'o. lie could tlroow light oii the prisouer's hatred of the I'reoidiit, if it was true timt the President was a son of Stephen Orry. Ie know the pri soner, and hadl namled him in his baptism. lIe had known the prisoner's mother also, and had sat with her at her death. It was quite true that lhe was a ildaughter of the late Governor, and had bIeenhbadly treated by her father. But lse h:vl been yet more badly treated by her hub:and, who married againi while sho was still alive, andl had another son by the other wife. On her deathbed site had heard of this, and told tlh prisoner, who thol and there, this witntbs bCieig present, rade ani awful vow of vengeance upon hli fat ad fater a her's Tile old priest was heard in silence, and hli words sent a quiver through the court-house. I Eveu Jison, iwho hadl sHhon no interest save when Greeab: was removed, lifted up his blood shot eyes again and listened. And the Bishop, visibly moved, turned to the court and said, " Lot us put this prisoner back to be tried by the High Court and the Lag ImUllann." " What, my lord!" cried the little spokes man, with a lofty look, "antd act him at liberty in the neantime, to carry out the crino he threatens 1"' " Heaven forbid," said the Bishop. "Reomemiber, until he has been condemned we have no power to hold him," said the spokesmian. The Bishop turned to an usher and said, " Bring mn the Statutu Book," and the great tome was brought. The Bishop opened it and again turned to thoprisoner. " The Almighty," said he, " created one man at the beginniug to touch us that all men are brethren, and the law of our old country provides that when two have had disputes and pursued each other on ac. count of hatrod, even as brotlren they shall make peace before their neighbours. Now I listen to the words I shall road to you, and be h ready to say if you will swear to them.' Then a great silence fell upon the people, t while in solemn tones the old Bishop read the i Peace Oath. a " Ye two shall be set at one and live friendly I together, at meat and at drink, in the Althing and at meetings, at kirk prayers and in king's palace; and m whatever place else men meet I together, there shall ye be so set at one, as ift tlus quarrel had never come between you. Ye shall share knife and meat together, and all c things besides, as friends and not as enemies." I The Bishop paused and looked over his spec tacles at Jason, who stood as before with the cloud on his brow and tlth slow fire in is deep eyes, but with no sign of feeling or interest., " Will you promise to swear to this, when he shall have returned who should swear to it with you ?" said the Bishop. Then all eyes turned towards Jason, and there came across his face at that moment the look of a bated dog. " No," he growled. The spokesman shifted in his seat and the people grew restless. ° " Listen again," said the Bishop, and his I long white board shook and his solemn voice ' rose to a shrill cry as he twisted back to the book and read : " But if one of you be so mad that he breaks c this truce thus made, and slays after pledges have been made and his blade has reddened, he shall be an outlaw, accursed and driven away, c so far as men drive wolves farthest away. He shall be banished of God and all good Christian t men, as far as Christian men seek churches, as mothers bring forth sons, son calls mother, flames blaze up, mankind kindle fire, earth is groen, sun shines, and snow covers the ground ; he shall flee from kirk ant Christian men, God's iouse and mankind, and from every home save hell." Then there was a pause and a great hush, ° and the Bishop lifted his eyes from the book, and said " Will you swear to it ?" Again all eyes turned towards Jason, and again his face, which had boon impassive, took the look of a bated dog. " No, no, no !" lie cried in a loud voice, and then the great silence was broken by deep murmurs. ' It is useless," said the spokesman. " Ward ings and peace naths, though still valid, are the machinery of another ago. This prisoner is not ignorant of the gravity of the crime lie contemplates, nor yet of the penalty attaching to it." There was an audible murmur of assent from the people. " That's true," said one. "It's the truest word spoken to-ntight," said another. ' The old man isall for mercy, said a third. "It isn't safe," saida fourth. And there was other whispring, and much nodding of heads and shuffling of feet. Encouraged by these comments the little spokesman added "In any other country at this ago of the world a man who tacitly admitted a design to take life would be promptly clapped into prison." " Ay, ay," the people muttered, but the Bishop drew himself up and said, " In any other country a criminal who showed no fear of t the death that hung over him would be i straightway consigned to a madhouse." t " We have no madhouse in this island, my lord," said the little spokesman, " save the Sulphur Mines, and there he must go." " Wait," said the Bishop," and once again lie turned to the prisoner. " If this court should agree to ship you out of Iceland will you pro-. iiso never more to return to it P" For the third time all eyes were turned on t Jason, but he did not seem to hear the Bishop's t question. " Will you promise f" said the Bishop again. ag No," said Jason. " Dangerous trilling," said the spokesman. " When you seize a mad dog you strangle it." - " Ay, ay," cried many voices at once, and great excitement prevailed. The old Bishop drew back with a sigh of re. lief. He loved Michael Sunlocks and Lad been eager to save him. He pitied Greeba, and for I her sake also had beeoo anxious to protect her 1 husband. But from the moment he saw Jason I and thought, " That man's heart is dead within him," his love had struggled with his sense of duty. As the trial went on he had remem- t bered Juson and recalled his bitter history, and seized with a strong sympathy he had strained every nerve to keep back Iis punishment. He I lihad done all lie could do, he lihad nothing to re proach himself with, and full of a deep and secret joy at the certainty of tie safety of Sun- 1 locks, he now fell back that the law might take its course. The Court was counted out, and then the s Bishop turned for the last time to Jason, and ( delivered judgment. " Tlh sentence of this Court," he said, " is that you lhe removed from here to the Sulphur Minied, and be kept there six months certain, and as long thereafter as you refuse to take the Oath of 'eace pledging yourself for over, as long as you live or tihe world endures, to be at oneo with your enemy as brothera before all men living." Now Greoba alone hnew the truth about Jason. When slte had lied from Mtann without word or warning it had not been out of fear of him, but of her brotlers. Her meeting with MIichael Sunloek». her short stay witli the good old Bishop I'etersen. liher marriage and tihe festival that followed, liad passed her by like a dream. Then came the lir.t short parting with Sunlocks when he had said, " I must leave you for a fortnight, for the men I sent in oearch of your father have blundered and returned with out him."' She had cried a little at that, and he Ihad kitsscd her, antd utmadle a brave show of his courage, though she could see the tears in his own big shliing eyes. But it was all a dream, a sweet and happy dream, and only by the coming of Juaon ihad tihe dream been broken. Then followed her terror, lier plea, her fear for her husband's life, liher deli:nce of Juson, tnd the charge she mrado against hirm. And the first burst of lier passion over, she had thought to horself, " IMy husband is safe, but Jauson will now tell all and I sltall be a lost and ruined woman," for nothing lihad she yet said to Michael Sunlocks concerninm the man who had wooed and won antd reol~sel Icr durite thie long years of his silence and lier trouble. " He will hear the story now," she thought, " andnot.frem my own hpe but from Jason's.' Being then so far immersed she could not but go on, and so she had allowed herself to be led \- to the court-house. No ouoe thore had thought to ask her if she lhad known anything of Jason \- before that day, and she on her part had said 1 * uo^!g - k ; u c',::tg ' .;, i u;: oroo..t; Jiron bed'1, looked at her with eyes of reproach that see:::cd to go through her soul, he saemlcI to Ia Sloilin. "This is but half the truth. Dare you nlo tell the rest ?" Then listening to the lyivn; of other wit nesses, and looking up at ,Ijson's face, so full of pain, and secingc how silent he .'lts under cruel perjury, she- rcnememberedl that this moan' wort:' crime had been his love of her, ande so she stag gered to her feet to confess everything. When she ca:no to herself after that, sihe was lack inl her own hoome-her now home, the hollle of ler hap py dream, her husband's homne and hers. and there her first fear returned to her. "Ieo will tell all," she thought, "and evil tongues will rmake it worse, and shaioce willt fall uponc my husband, and I shall be lost, osat, lost." She waited with feverish impatience for the coming of the Bishop to tell her the result of the trial, and at length he came. " What havee they done with him ?" she cried; and ihe told her. " What defenco did he mcakou " she asked. "None," said the Bishop. " What did he s:ty f" she asked again. " Not a word but ' No,' " said the Bishop. Then she drew a long breath of immense re- t lief, and at tile next instant she rel)roached her. self. How little of soul sihe hac bec ! And how great of heart had been Jason ! lio I could have wrecked her life with a word, but he had hold his peace. Slou had sent him to i rison, cand rather tchan cit Ie lohad suffered himself to be smccitten. She telt herself small and mean. t And the Bishop, having, as he thought, I banished Grcela'e terror, hobbled to the door, for now the hour was very late, and the snow was still falling. " The poor soul will do your good husband no mischief now. Poor lad ! poor lad! After all, he is more fit for a madhouse than for a prison. Good night, my child, good night." Anud so the good old marn went his way. It was intended that Jason should start for the sulphur mines the following day, and he c was lodged overnight in a little house of deten- I tion that stood on the south of the Hligh street. - But the snow continued to. fall the whole night t through, and in the morning the roads were impassable. Then it was decided to postpone I the long journey until the storm should have passed, the frost sot in, and the desolate white y wastes to be crossed become hardc and firm. It c was now Wednesday of thd second week in i October-the Gore monthl-and the Icelanders were already settling down to the long rest of the Icelandis winter. The merchants began to sleep the livelong day in their deserted stores in the cheapstead, and thi bonders, c who had come up with the last of their stock, u to drink and doze in the taverns. All that day C the snow fell in fine dust like flour, e until, white as it was, the air grew r dark with it. At the late dawn of the t next day the snow was still falling, and I a violent gals had then risen. Another r and another, and yet another day went by, and still the snow fell and the gale continued. For two days there was no daylight, and only at noon through the giddy air a fiery glow burned for an hour along the southern sky and a then went out. Nothing could be seen of erll I or fiord, and nothing could be heard save the v baying of the hounds at night, and' the roaring v of the sea at all times, for the wind made no a noise in the soft sunow, but drove it along in shoots like silent ghosts. Never before had Greeoba seen anything so terrible; and still more fearful than the groat snow itself was the anxiety that it brought her. Where was Michael Sunlocks ? Where was her p father ? There was only one other,whosoe con. dition troubled her, and she knlew too well where he was-he was lying in the dark cell of e the dark house in the High street. i While the stoma lasted all Roykjavik lay aslee, and Groeeba could do nothing. But one morning, when she awoke and turned to the t window, as was her wont, to learn if the weary n snow was still falling, she could see nothing at v first for the coating of ice and hoar-frost that f covered the glass. But the snow had ceased, n the wind ad fallen, the air was clear and the light was coming, The buildings of the town, from the cathedral to the hovels of the fishing quarter, looked like fu snow mounds in the desert; the black waste of ' lava was gone; the black beach was goneo; the b black jitkulls were gone; the black headland t was gone that had stretched like a 'ant hand t of many fingers into the black fiord; but height above height, and length beyond length, n as far as from sea to sky and from sea to 8 sea, the world lay lifeless and silent and white around her. Then the town being once more awake, Greobahad news of Jason. It came through a little English maid, whom Sunlocks had found for her, from Oscar, the young man who had gone out in search-of her father and returned --without him.t Jason was ill. Five days he had eaten nothinsg, and nothing had he drunk except water. He t was in a fever-a brain feveor-and it was now known for certain that he was the man who had fainted outside the cathedral on the marriage i morning,, that he had been ill ever since then, and that the druggist of the High street had bled him. With those tidings Grooba hurried away to t the bishop. " The poor man has brain fever," she said. n " He was ill when he made the threat, and when he recovers he will regret it. I am sure he will-I know he will. Sot him. at a liberty, for meorcy's sake," she cried ; and b she trembled as she spoke, lest in the for your of her plean the bishop should read her b secret. But he only shook his head and looked b tenderly down at her, and said very gently, though every word went to her heart like a stab : " All, it is like a good womanto plead for one who has injured her. But no, my child, no; it may not be. Poor lad, no one now can do any. thing for him save the President himself ; and n he is not likely to liberate a man who lies in wait to kill him." tl " Ie is likely," tlought Gresba, and straight.' .way she conceived of a plan. She would go to b Jason in his prison. Yes, she herself would go h to him, and prevail with him to put away all t thoughts of vengeance and be at peace with her ii husband. Ther she would wart for the re. -I turn of Michael Sunlocks, and plead with t that dear heart that could deny her nothins I to grant her Jason's pardon. Thus it would come about that she who had stood be c ween these two to separate them, would at length stand between them to bring them to gother. . So thinking, and crying a little, like a true f woman, at the prospect of so much joy, sohe waited for Jason's recovery that she might v carry her purposo into oloect, Meantime, she a contrived to send him jollies and soups, such as n might tempt the appetite of a sick man. J She thought she sent them decrutly, but v with less than a woman's wit she em-c ployed a woman on her erraudl. This v person was the little English maid, and she handed over the duty to Oscar, who was her sweetheart. Oscar talked opealy of what hl e was doing, and thus all Rojavik know that a the tndscr-hearted young wife of the Governor I hold conmmunication of some sort with the man whom she had sent to jail. Then one day on hearing that Jason was better, though neither was he so vwell as to travel nor was the snow hard enouglh to walk 3 upon, Greeba stole across to the prison in the I dark of theafternoon, scaying nothing toaanyono of her mlssionor intention. SThe stuttering doorkeeper of the Senate was the jailor, and he betrayed great concern when Greeba asked to see his prisosnor showing by his ghastly looks, for hIis words would noot come, thatit would be rush on hier part, after helping so much towards Jason's imprisonment, to trust herself in his presence. ' But what have I to fear P' she thought; I and with a brave smile, she pushed her, way through. She found Jason in a square box built of heavy piles, laid horizontally both for walls and roof, dark and damp and mnuggy, lighted by day by a lole in tile wood, not larger than a usan's hand, and is the night by a sputtering canrclo hung from the rafters. He sat on a stool; his face wios worn, his heaod was close crolped to relieve the heat of his brain, anrd one the table by his side lay all his red hair, aslang as hiis mother's was when it fell to tile shlears of the1 Jow onthoe whaorf. Itogave no sign rwhen Grcoba entered, though I he know she was there, but sat with his face down and one hansrd on the table. " Jason," she said. " I an ashamed. It is I who Ihave brought you to this. Forgive me forgive me i But moy Ihusband's lifo was in danoiger, and iwhat was I to do I" Still he gave sno sips. " Jason, se soaid ogain, " you have Iheaped coals of lire on my hec d; for I have done nothing but injuroeyou, andthoughl you minght have done as maclh for le you rlever have." At tlhat the fingers of ILs hand on the table graspned the edge of it convulsively. SBut, Jasonr," shlo sild, " all is not lost yet. No, for I can save you still. Listenu. Vou shall give me your promrnise to make pleancoweithI my hus~luad; and when myhlusbald returns heI wsll grant mo your Ipcrdon. Oh, yea, I tknow he woill, for Iq is tender- heartedl, and 1 he will forgive you; yes, hle will forgive yl ?.?-----" SMy curse on him and his forgivreness,"cried Jason, rising sodtderl o nt hi rling hIis list I ,.g.r o'- ltSu" t.:,t :. 0,a,'h i\?o k,.lo tha.:t ho okg?'c,t' forgive me I It has not been for his cake that I lhave been silent, with tnhe de?il at my side urging me to speak. And for all that you have me to suffer .he shall yet pay double. Let it go on ; let him enrd rme away; let him bury me at his mince. haut I shall live to find hint yet. Something tells mro that I !hall not dio until I have imt with that moan face to face." And Greeba wont back home with these mad words rineging in her ears. " It is useless to try," selt thought. " I have done all I can. Afy husbanl is before everything. 1 shall say notlling to him now." None the leasshe cried very bitterly, and was still crying when at bedtime her little English maid came up to her and chattered of the news of the dav. It seemed that some Daniesh storekeepers on the chealpstead had lately been arrested as spies, brought to trial and con demned. Whecn Greeba awoke next morning, after a restless night, while the town still lay asleep, and only the croak of thle ravens from the rocks above the fiord. broke the silence of the late dawn, she heard the hollow tread of many footsteps onl the frozen snow of the Thingvcllir road, and peering out through the window, which was coated with hoar frost, she saw a melancholy procession. Three men, sparsely clad in thin tunics, snow stockkings, and kin caps, walked heavily in file, chair?ned together, hand to hand andloeg to leg, with four earmed warders, closely mIuftled to the cars, riding leisurely beside them. They were prisoners bound for the sul phur mines under IHeckla. The first of them was Jason, and he swung along with his long stride and his shorn head thrown back and his pallid face held up. The other two were old 'tlhompsen and young Polvesen, the Danish storekeepers. It was more than Geeba could bear to look upon that sight, for it brought back the memory of that other night on that other mlorning, when Jason canme leapilg down to her from the lmountants, over gorse anld cuehag ad hedgeoanud ditch. So slhturned her head away and covered her eyes with her hands. And then ono-two -three-four-- the heavy footsteps went over the snow. The next thing she knew was that her English maid was in her bedroom, saying, "Some strangers in the kitchen are rasking for you. They are Englishmen, and have just cone ashore, and they call themselves your brothers." 