."A SONO TO SINQ-" (After W, S. (filbert in llio Yeoman of the Guard.) lit H.G.O. Sick I'ooh— we have a aong to aing, 0 1 UflrtALP— Sing us your sing, O I Sick 1'oor— It's sung with the inoiu 01 thu iniuul. hIuiiii In tho imdst of u thoiightlfss tliroug, 0 I It's Ilia wmg uf a poverty, piuing, pale, Wlioan victims voices can ne'er avail, Whm sore and linking, must Jolt fo Jail Liko tho scuni n( society slmdy. Helglidy I Holfflidy \ Misery mo Inchuunydeo I Tluiy'resoruniid sinking, but Jolt in Jail, And they dio in sooioty siiady. Hbralp— Wn hftvo a nong to slug, 0 1 Hjok Poor— Sing us your noug. 0 1 Hkiiai.d— It'n sung to tho chink \- Of thn coin nienoiuk. In booms that buret before long, 0 I It's the song of the Msllournite, pursev- nrniiil. Who builds a bank, while a careworn crowd In tho hoxphal halls are plradiiig, pale, For cure and mriat without avail, Then, aore ana sinking, must Jolt to jail, Liko thn sQiim ot society, shady. Ucighdy 1 Hoighdy, Bto., etc. Store Potni— Wo have a song to sing, O I Hkiiali— Sing us your nong, 0 1 titCK Poor— It is sung by the ghosts, O! those linmoleas boats. r. A.Mpuloliral, spectral throng, 0 1 Tta thn aong of a visitor, weird and wan, From the spirit sphere, who will not bogono From- the sido of tha Melboitruite pursey-i proud. Who builds a bank whilo a careworn crowd In the hospital lialla are pleading, pale, For cure and quiet without avail, Then,, soro ana sinking, must Jolt to jail Liko ehe scum of society shady, Hrighdy ( Hoighdy 1- Btc., etc. Hkiulp-Wo have a song to sing, O f Kick Poor— Sing us your song, O J IfctlALD— It's sung with delight, That tlie poor to-night Will-be freod from ono rank wronr, 0 1 It'a the aong of the citizen, roused at last, Who careless callousness off hath cast, And standsn Melboitruite, passing proud, ' To build more rmm for tiro careworn crowd, Who In hosjiltftt hall havo pleaded, pnle, For euro nnd quiet without avail, Then, tore mid siuking, havo drooped in Jail With (hn scum of society shady. Hoighdy ! Hoighdy l Misery mo Maekaaav deo I But our aong is o'er, for they'll din no mora 'Mid tho ecum of society shady. 