La b1ulette3 A?.SO 15114. B1Y W. CLARK RUSSELL. f, -a--- ft I couldn't have guessed what weight Ii there was in this ocean swell till I felt tile 1 volmte of it frosm. the low seat of the d cthipa' quarter-lhatt.' The Ilubl looked to o I:e rolling on it as heavily again as she h reemted to have been when I was on her q deck, and the beat of her canvas against at the mast rang in volleys through the air ca like the explosion of batteries up there. d The wrck tlme aned went ; we nk and h seared, and I caught the second mate eye- d ing her somewhat anxiously as though theorioing to himself upon the safest dlodge to board lher. She was furtlher off p tlhan I should have deemed possible, so o deceptive is distance at sea, and though rt the five seamen pulled cheerily the job of ct measuring the interval between the two craft, what with the voluminous heave of it the swell running at tus, and what with a the roasting sunshine that lay like a sense o tf paralysis in the backbone, proved very n tedious to my impatience to come at the e hulk and explore her. As we swept h round- under her stern, supposing that I her starboard side would be clear of o wreckage, I glanced at the sRuby and saw that they were clewing up her royala, and to hardling down her flying jib with hands on the crossjack-yard rolling the sail up. ea There were spars and a litter of trailing a gear on either side the hulk ; every roll ti wass t spiteful snapping at the roples with It a drag of the floating sticks which some tintes umade the water foam. ; "aWe must board her astern," said the mlate, "and stand by for a handsome dip c of tile counter." a Our approach was very cautious; in- t deed it was necessary to mannauvre very s gingerly indeed. We got on to the I ljuarter and watching his chance the bow I ouarattn cleverly sprang through the a crushed rail as tlhe deck buoyantly swang t down to t the heave of the boat carrying a the end of the Iainter with him; the mate followed, and I after a tolerably long interval, wanting perhaps tihe nerve c and certainly the practised limbs of the sailors. In truth I may as well say here that 1 should have stuck to the boat and t waited for the mate's report but for the I dislikd of being laughed at when I s returned. I very well knew I should not s lie splred, least of all by those amongst t the npssengers who would have forfeited a fifty pounds ratler than have quitted the i zlaip. The Ilal thad a desperately wrecked : lh,ok inboard with the mess of ropes, stavea, jagged ends, crushed rails, rents t manifesting the fury of the hurricane. I I swept a glance along in expectation of c ileholding a dead body, or, if you will, I some sclreely living though yet breathing t man ; but nothing of the kind was to be seen. The mate hung his head over the 1 companion hatch froam which the cover i had beenl clean razed and peered down, c then shouted and listened. But no other E sound followed than the long moan and I uge washing sob of tile swell brimming t to the wash-streak with a dim sort of choking gurgling noise as of water stream- I ing frttm side a, side in the hold. I " Hardly worth while explodrig those a mist howels, 1 think, sir," said the mate. "Oh, yes," said 1, "if we don't take a c prep under deck what will there be to t ll! This is a quest of the ladies' making, I etmel:cmber, and it must he a complete s thins, or ' stand by,' as you sailors say." t " Rllight you are, sir," said he, " and so t here goes," and with that he put his foot a lapn tie companion-ladder mad dropped iato the cabin. I followed at his heels, and both of us cate to a stand at the bottom of the steps : elhilst we stared round. Therewas plenty t of light to see by streaming down through a tile skylight aperture and the hatch. The a eabin was a plain snuff-coloured room, with a few sleeping-berths running for ward, a rough table somewhatlacked and cut shout as if with the slicing of tobacco, a trow of lockers on either ]and, a stand of firearms right aft, and some twenty cutlasses curiously stowed in a sort of antckets under the ceiling or upper deck. Hot as it was above, the cabin struck chill as though it were an old well. In deed, you saw that it had been soused over and over again by the seas which had swept the vessel, and therd was a briny, seacweedy flavour in the atmospihere of it that nade you tlolnk of a cave deep down ill a sca-fronting cliff. We looked into the sleeping-birtlhs, going foiward to where a movable bulkhead stopped the road. It was not easy to walk; the in creasing weight of the swell was defined by thIe hTeavy, though comparatively lboyanat, rolling of the ahul The deck went in slopes like'the roof:of a louse from side to side, with now and'agin an ugly jerk that more than oneo came near to throwing me, when' a sudden yawn forced the :dismasted fabric into a swift recovery- _ . ? .: - -. SThere's nobody aft here, anyiway," maid thoemate;' "no use troubling our selves to look for her papers, I think, "t, No; but this:is only one end of the shipl," Ianswered. "-There may be a discovery to make forward. Can't we unship that bulkhead there, and so get into tile'tween-decksl" We laid hold of the frame, and after peering a it, for this part of the cabin t lay in gloom. we found that it stood in t grooves, and without much trouble we It elided it open, and the interior, to as h far as a bulkhead that walled off a bit of a forecastle, lay clear before us in the day-. light shining through thugh tie main hatch. d Here were a" nmlber of hammlocks b dangling from the deck, and some score p or muore of senmen's chests and bags in b heaps, some of them split open, with j quantities of rough wearing apparel tl scattered about, insomuch that I never Cl could have imagined a scene of wilder v disorder, nor one more suggestive of o lurry, and panieal consternation, and tl delirious headlong behaviour. r "Nobody here, sir," said the mate. "eo," I answered, "I suppose her it people left her in their eoats, and that i one of the wretches who were forced to p remain belind wrote the letter we re- ia ceived tihe other night." ft " At sea," said the mate, "'there is no s imangining how matters come about. I n allow that the three men have been taken sa off by some passing vessel. Anyway w we've done our bit, and the capt'n, I n expect, 'll be waiting for us. Thunder I oww she rolls," hlie cried, as a very heavy lurch sent us both roeeling toawnd.-the .ia; of the craft. o "Hark!" cried I, "'wearo hailed from t the deck." t "Below there! " shouted a voice in the ih ompanion-lhatch. " They've fired a gun c aboard tihe Indiaman, sir, and have run w the ensign up half-masted. The weather g looks mighty queer, sir." "Ia!" cried the mate, "come along, 8 Mr. Cateshy." We walked cautiously and with dili- I culty aft, gained the companion-ladder t and ascended. IMy instant glance went h to the Ruby. She had furled her main- h sail and fore and mizen top-gallant sails, I hauled down her lighter staystails and big standing jib, and as I glanced at her a a gun winked in a quarter-deck port, and t the small thunder of it rolled sulkily up s against the wind. In fact, whilst w e were below, the breeze hald elopped t clean round, and the Ruby was to leeward f of the wreck, with a very heavy swell c rolling along its former course, the wind t dead the other way, beginning to whiten i the ridges on each huge round-backed I fold, and a white thickntess-a flying t squall of vapour it looked to me, with a i seething and crcaming line of water along I the base of it as though it was something I solid that wca coming along-sweeping within half-a-mile of the wreck right I down upon us. The mate sent a look s at it and uttered a cry. "Haul the boheat alongside." he shouted t to the fellow in her; "lmndsomely now, lads. Stand by to jump into her," he I cried to the seaman who had been the s first to spring on board the wreck with the end of the line. They brought the boat humming and I buzzing to the counmter; the sailor stand ing on the taiffrail plumped into her like a cannon-shot; 'twas wonderful he didn't scuttle her. The mate whipping the painter off the pin, or whatever it was that it had been belayed to, held it by a turn whilst he bawled to me to watch I my clhauce and jump. lBut the wreck lying dead in the htrrgh was rolling in a quite frenzied way, like a see-saw desperntely worked. Her movements, combined with the soaring and falling of the boat, were absolutely confounding. I would gather myself together for a spring, and then, before I could make it, I tile boat was sliding, as it might seem to me, twenty or thirty feet deep arid a.ay. "Jump, for God's sake, sir," cried the mate. "I don't mean to break my neck," I answered, irritable with the nervous-flurry that had come to me with a sudden abominable sense of incapacity and help lessness. As I spoke the words, sweep ! came the white smother off the sea over us with a spitefull yell of wind of a weight tlrt nsmote the cheek a blow whicli mighthave forced the strongest to turn his back. The hissing, and seething, and crackling of the spume of tihe first of the squall was all about us in a breath, and in the beat of a heart too the lttby and the ocean all her way vanished in the wild and terrifying eclipse of the thick, silvery, howling, steam-like mist. " y--, I have done it now !" cried the mate. Tie emnd of the painter bad been drogged front his hand or hle had-let it fall! And the wind catching the boat blew her over the swell like the shadow of a cloud. The seounen thlrew their oars over and headed for us, their fades pale as those of madmen. "They'll never stem this weather," cried tie mate, " follow me, Mr. Catesby, or we are dead men I" He tore off his coat, kicked off his boots and went overboard withoiitanother *ord Follow him! To the bottom, indeed ! but nowhere else, for I could not swim a stroke. But that was not quite it. Had 1 hadl my senses I mightt Ihave grasped rte firnst piece of wrecke I, mould put my hand upon and gone after him writh it to paldlo and; hold on till I was picked up: But all this business coming upon us so suddenly, aloe, -withr the sudden blinding of me by the vapour, the distracting yelling of the wind and the sickening bewilderment casoed by the wreck's violent rolling, seemed to 0 have driven all my wits clear out of my head. The boat was scarcely more than n a smudge in the thickness, vanishing and showing as she swept up and rushed down the liquid acclivities, held with her bow towards the hulk by the desperately plied oars of the rowers. The mate was ornes down rapidly towards her. I could t just see three of the sailors leaning over the side to drag him out of the water; d the next instant the little fabric hlad vanished in the thickness, helplessly and ii with horrible rapidity blown out of sight the moment the men ceased rowing to rescue their officer. 0 I do not know how long all this may have occupied ; a few minutes maybe sufficed for tihe whole of the tragic Y passage. I stood staring and starinig, incredulous of the truth of what had be fallen me, and then with an inexpressible 0 sickness of heart I flung myself down c upon the deck under the lee of a little h sjace of bulwark, too dizzy and weak with the horror that possessed me to maintain my footing on that wildly sway ing platfonrm. I had met in my travels with but one eanhoamn -of- suclh cathcr as-tthl-it o was off the Cape of Good Hope to tlhe west ward; the ship was under topmast and topgallant studdingsails, irlten without an interval of so much as twenty seconds of f calm she was taken right aback by a wind that came with the temper of half a gale in it, whilst as if by magic a fog white and dense as wool was boiling and 1 shrieking all about her. For some time my consternation was so ° heavy that I sat meclanically staring into that part of the thickness where the boat had disappeared, without giving the least heed to the sea or to the wreck. It was fhen blowing in earnest, the ocean still densely shrouded with flying vapour, and an ugly bit of a sea racing over the swell that rolled its volumes to windward. A smart shock and fall of water on to the forecastle startled me into sudden pereep tion of a realand imminent dasnger. The fore scuttle was closed, but the main and companion hatchways yawned opened to the weather; there were no bulwarks worth talking of to increase the wreck's height of side, and to hinder the free tumbling of the surge on to the decks, so if the wind increased and the sea grew heavier, the hulk must inevitably fill and go down like a thunderbolt ! It would be idle to try to express the thoughts which filled me. I was like one stunned : now casting an eye at the sea to observe if the billows were increasing, now with a heart of lead watchinug the water frothing upon the deck, as the hull heaved from one side to another; then straining my sight with a mad passion of eagerness into the vapour that shut off all view of the ocean to within a cable's length of me. There was nothing to be done. Even could I have met with tar paulins, there was no sail,ors skill in me to spread and secure tehem over the osen latches. However, when an hour had passed in this way, I took notice of a small failure in the wind, though there was no lighteninig of the impenetrable nist. The folds of the swell had diminil.hel, and the sea was running steadily; .the hull with her broadside dead on rose and fell with regularity, and though at loug intervals the surge struck her bow, and Ilow in crystals over the bead, or fell in scores of bucketfulls upon the deck, nothing more than spray wetted the after part of her. It was now about six o'clock in the even ing. In two hours' time the night would have come down, and if the weather did not clear, the blackness would be that of the tomb.. What would the Ri?by do ? Remain hove-to, and wait for moonlight orfor daybreak to seek for me A frag ment of comfort I found in remembering hat the wreck's position would be known to Captain Bow and his mates, so that their search for me, if they searched at all, ought not to prove fruitless; though to be sure much would depend upon the drift of the hulk. Presently, fearing that there might be no water or provisions on ho srd, I was seized with a sudden thirst, bred by. the mere apprehension that I might come to want a drink. There was still light eniough to enable me to search the interior, and now I suppose something of my manhood must have returned to me, for I made up my mind to waste no mo ment of the precious remaining time of day in imaginations of horror and of death and in dreams of desperate despondency. I went on my. hands and knees to the hatch, lest if I stood up I should be knocked down by the abrupt rolling of the craft, and entered the cabin. On deck all was naked and sea swept from the taffrel to the "eyes," and if there were ought of drink or of. food to be had it must be sought below. I recollected that' one of the forward berths or cabins which the second mate and I had looked into had shown in the gloom as a sort of pantry ; that is to say, in peering over imy companion's shoulders, I had esught a glimpse of crockery on shelves, the out lines of jars, and so forth. But the in spection had been very swift, scarce more than a glance. I made for this cabin now, very well remembering that it was the last of a row of three or four on thed str board side. I opened the ds'or, and secured it by its hook to the bulkheod that I might see, and after rummaging a "FOLLOW ME, MU. C.ATESEYI OR WRE ARE DEAD ME ?! little I found a cosk of ship a bread, a small cask (like a harness cask) a quarter full of raw pickled pork, a jar of vinegar, two L-rgo jars of red wvine, and, best of all, a anmll barrel about half full of fresh water, slung against the bulkhead, with a little wooden tap fixed in it, for the con venience as I supposed of drawing for cabin use. There were other articles of of food such as flour, pickles, dried fruit, and so on; the catalogue would be tedious, nor does my memory carry them. I poured some wine into a tin pannikin, and found it very palatable, sound claret. I mixed me a draught with cold water, and ate a biscuit with a little slice of some kind of salt sausage, of which there lay a lump in a dish, and found myself extranrdnarily refreshed. I cannot tell you indeed how comforted I was by this discovery of pro visions and fresh water, for now I guessed that if the weather did not drown the wreck, I might be able to support life on board of her until the iRuby took me off, which I counted upon happening that night if the moon shone, or most certainly next morning at latest. My heart how ever sank afreshl when I regained tile deck. The sudden change from the life, the cheerfulness, the security of the Indiauan, to this-"oh, my God I my God !" I re member exclaining as I sank down under the lee of the fragment of bulwark, with a wild look around into the thickness and along the spray-darkened planks of the heaving and groaning derelict. The lone liness of it 1 no sounds saving the dismal crying of the wind sweeping on high through the atmosphere, and tile ceaseless seething and hissing of the dark green frothing seas, swiftly chasing one another out of sight past the wall of vapour that circled the wreck, with the blank and blinding mist itself to tighten as with a sensible ligature into unbearable concen tration the dreadful sense of solitude in my soul. Slowly tile wind softened down, very gradually the seas sank, and their worrying note of snarling melted into a gentler tone of fountain-like creaming. But the vapour still filled the air, and so thick did it hang tlmt, though by my watch I knew it to be the hour of sundown, I was unable to detect the least tinge of hectic anywhere, no faintest revelation of the fiery scarlet light which I knew must be suffusinhg the clear heavens down to the easternmost confines above this maddening blindness of mist. Then came the blackness of the night. So unspeakably deep a dye it was that you would have thought every luminary above had been extinguished, and tlmt the earth hung motionless in the sunless opacity of clhaos out of which it had been called into being. The hours passed. I held my seat on the deck with my back against a bulwark stanchion. It was a warm night with a character as of the heat of steam owing to the moisture that loaded and thickened the atmoslphere. Sometimes I dozed, repeatedly starting from a snatch of masy .lumbhor.stn~.sna my eyes with ever recurring horror and astonishment upon tile blackness. Gleams of the sea-fire shot out fitfully at times from the sides of the wreck, and there was nothing else for the sight to rest upon. At midnight it was blowing a small breeze of wind and the sea running gently-at midnight 1 mean as I could best reckon; but the darkness remained unchanged, and I might know that the fog was still thick about me by no dim mest spectre of moon or star showing. I then slept, and soundly too, for two or three hours, and when I awole it was daylight,tthe sea clear to the horizon, the sky a soft liquid blue with masses of white vaporous cloud hanging under it like giant bursts of steam, and the sun shining with a sort of misty splendour some degree or two above the-sea-line. There was a pleasant air blowing out of the north, with power to wrinkle the water and no" more. Iy limbs were so cramiped that for. a long while I was incapable of rising; when at last my legs had recovered their: power I stopd erect and swept the ocean- with my. eyes.. But the light blue surface went in undulations naked to the bend of the heavens on all sides. I looked and looked again, but to no purpose. I strained my eight till an intolerable torment in my eyeballs forced me to close my lids. There was nothing in view. I very well remember falling on my knees and grovelling upon the deck in the anguish of my spirit. I had so surely counted on daylighlt exhibiting the fluby somewhere within the circle which enclosed me that the disappoint ment tat camne out of the bald vacancy of the ocean struck me down like dablow from a hammer. - Presently I lifted up my head and regained my feet, and feel ing thirsty moved with a tread of lead to the yawning hatch, sending the most passionate yearning glances seaward as I walked, and halting again and again to the vision of some imagination of break in the continuity of the gleaming girdle some delicate shoulder of remote cloud, some imaginary speck which dissolved upon the blue air whilst my gaze was on it. I mixed some wine and water, and made a light repast off some biscuit and a piece of Dutch cheese that was on the shelf. I then thought I woul4 look into the cabins for a chair to sit upon on deck, 1 for a mattress to lie upon, for something also that might make me a little awning, and pushed open the door of the berth immediately facing the pantry as I may call it The wreck was rolling very lightly, and her decks were now as easy of stepping as thie Indinman's. This berth contained a hunk and bedding, a 4 sailor's chest, some clothes hanging against the bulkhead, but nothing to serve my turn. The next was similarly furnislhed saving that here I took notice that a small quantity of wearing apparel I lay about as though scattered in a hurry, and that the lid of a great box painted a I dark green with the letter D in white a upon it had been split open as though the i contents were to be rifled. or as though the lock had resisted and themre had been no time to coax it save by a chopper. I passed into a third cabin. This had some comfort of equipment in the shape of shelves and a chest of drawers, and had 4 doubtless been the commander's. There was a very handsome telescope on brackets, a few books, a quadrant, a large silver timepiece, a snmll compass and one or two other matters of a like sort upon a little table fitted by hinges in a corner, there were three chests in a row with a litter of boots and shoes, a soft hat or two, a large handsome cloak costly withs fur, and so 'forth, strewed about the deck. I was looking with some wonder at these articles when my eye was taken by something bright near the smallest of the three chests. I picked it up; it was an English sovereign. Others lay about as though a handful had been clutched and dropped- here being the same manifesta tions of terrified hurry as, it seemed to me, I witnessed in the other cabins. The lid of the small chest was split in halves, and the chopper that had seemingly been wielded rested against the side of the boxA. s massive padlock was still in the staples. I lifted the half of the lid and was greatly astonished by the sight of a quantity of gold pieces lying in divisions of a tray that fitted the upper part of the chest. Ea.ch division contained coins of various nations. They were all gold pieces-English, Portuguese, Bra zilian and coins of the United States. I prized open the padlock part of tld lid and seized the tray to lift it that I might observe wlat lay underneath. But the weight of gold in it was so great that I had to exert my utmost strength to raise one end of the tray on to the edge of tle box; which done, I was able to slide it along till the bottom of the box was revealed. The sight of the gold had filled me with expectations of beholding some amazing treasure under the tray. What I there saw was a heap of rough brick shaped stuif of a dull, rusty reddish tint. I grasped a lump, and, though I lid never seen gold in that formn before, I was satisfied, by the extraordinary weight of. tlha. p?im ld, h ts4 lUK1tldse.earms.. rough, dull- coloured bricks were of the most precious of metals. I slided the tray back to its place and let fall the twed halves of the lid, with another look around me for any article that might be useful to me on deck. The excite anent kindled by the spectacle of the gold rapidly died away. I dully mused on it, so to speak, whilst my eye roamed, languidly speculating about it, with a strange indifferehee in my thoughts, con cluding that it represented the privateers man's sorted plunder; that in all likeli hood, when the rush had been made to the boats, one or more had split open this chest to fill their pockets, but had been obliged to fly for their lives ere they could find time for more than a scrambling clutch at the tray. But it was the con tents, no doubt, of this chest-if, indeed, this chest held all the treasure of the buiccaneer- that was indicated by the writer of the letter in the concluding line of it, the closing words of which had been found. illegible by the young fellow who translated the missive. I put the telescope under my arm and pacssed into thecabin, and found a small chair near the arms- rack, and near it, upon the deckt, lay a great cotton um= brella, grimy and wet with the saturation of the cabin. I took it up thankfully, and carried it with the chair up the steps. There was a great plenty of ropes-ends nocing about. a cut a piece and nnlaid the strands, and, securing the umbrella to a stanchion, sat down on the chair under it; and, indeed, without some such shelter the deck would have been insup portable, for, low as the sun still was in the east, his fires were already roasting, and I well imew what sort of tempera ture was to be expected as he floated higher, leaving my form with a small blotch of southern lhadow only attached to it. I passed the morning in sweeping the horizon with the telescope. It was a noble glass-a piece of plunder, with an inscription that represented it as a gift from the oflicers of a vessel to her com mander; I forget the names, but recollect they were English. The placidity of the day dreadfully disheartened me. There was but little weight in tie languid air to heave the R?b,, or any other vessel into view. The sea under the sun was like brand now tin for the dazzle of it, and as tie morning advanced thel heavy vapourous clouds of daybreak melted out into curls and wisps like to the crescent moon, with a clear sky rising a pale blue from the horizon to overhead to where it swam into the brassy glory which flooded the central heavens. 'Weary of sitting and exhausted by looking, I put down the glass and went to tie main hatch with the idea of making out what water there was in the hold. The pumps were gone, and the wells of them sank like black shafts under the deck. But whatever there was of water in the hulk lay so low that I could not catch so much as a gleam of it. There was some light cargo in the hold- light, as I reckoned by the sit of the wreck upon the water- chiefly white wooden cases, with here and there canvas.bales; but whatever might have been the commodities, there was not much of them, at least amidships, down into which I steood peering. I then walked on to the forecastle and lifted the hateh-cover. This interior looked to have been used by the people of La M+adelle as a sort of sail-locker. The bulkhead extended but a very short distance abaft tihe hatch, and the deck was stowed with rolls of sails, coils of spare rigging, hawsers, tackles,. and so forth. 1 put my head into the aperture and took a long and careful survey of the interior, for the mate and I had not explored this part of the brig, and it was possible. I thought, I might find the bodies of the three survivors here. But there was nolthing whatever to be wit nessed in that way; so I closed the hatch again and went aft. The day passed, the light breeze lin gered, but it broughl nothing into sight. I would think, as I sent my glance along the naked, sea-swept, desolate deck, gaunt and skeleton-like, with its ragged exhibi tion of splintered plank and crushed bulwark, that had there been a mast left in the hull I might from the summit of it be able to see the Ruby, whose top most cloths lay sunk behind the horizon to tihe eyes which I levelled from the low aide of the wrcck. "0Oh!i" Iwould cry aloud, "if I could but be sure that she was near me, though hidden!" Madden ing as the expectation might liave been which the sight of her afar would hare raised in me, yet the mere having her in view, no matter how dim, deceptive a speck she proved, would have taken a deal of the bitterness, thei heart-subduing feeling of hopelessness out of tle wild and awful sense of desolation that pos sessed me. The sun sank ; with the telescopetrem bling in my hands I made a slow, painful circle of the ocean whilst the western mag nificence lay ilpon it, and then let fall the glass and fell into the chair, and with bowed head and tightly-folded arms, and eyes closed to mitigate by the shadowing of the lids the anguish or the fires which despair had kindled in them-for my to me-I waited for tihe darkness of a second night to settle down upon the wreck. But on this day tihe gloom fell with the brilliance of stars, and some time after eight the moon rose, a moist, purple shield, at whose coming the light draught of wind died out and the ocean flattened into a breathless polished surface. When presently the moon had soared and whitened, the sea looked as wide again as it was to the showering of her light brim ming the atmosphere with a delicate silver haze; indeed there went a shadowing round about its confines to the shaft of moonlight on the water that made it seem hollow where the wreck lay, and it was like floating in the vastness of the firma moent that bent over it to glance over the aide of the hull and see the mirror-like breast studded with reflections of the larger stars, and to follow the shadow of the deep, curled at the extremities as it seemed, to the tropic astral dust that twinkled there like dew trembling to the breath of a summer night wind. I.had brought up some blankets from below and these I made a kind of mattress of under the shelter of the umbrella. It was about ton o'clock I think when I threw myself down upon them. A pleasant breeze was then blowing directly along the wake of moonlight, and the water was rippling like tie murmurs of a fountain against thle sides of the pale, silent, gently rolling hull. I lay awake, for a long time listening to this cool, refreshing, tinkling mound of running ripples, with a mind somewhat weakened by my distress. In deed, many thoughts wearing a complexion of delirum passed through my bead with several phantasies which must have frightened me as a menace of madness had my wits been equal to the significanee of them. For example, Ican recall seeing, as Ibelieve, the Ruby floating up towards the wreck out of the western gloom, luminous as a snow-clad iceberg, with the soft splendour of the moonshine on her canvas; I recollect this, I say, and that I laughed quietly to the thought of her approach, as though I would ridicule my self for the fears which had been upon ume throughout the day; then of jumping up in a sudden transport and passion of de light ; when the vision instantly vanished, whereupon a violent fit of trembling seized me, and I sank down again upon the "I LIFTED TIIE HALF OF THE LID AND WAS GREATLY ASTOLSHIED BY THE SIGHT OF A QUAhTITY OF OLD FPIECEI." blankets groaning. But the agitation did not linger; some fresh deception of the brain would occur and win my attention toit. This went onf till I fell to sleep. Meanwhile the breeze continued to blow steadily, and the rippling of water along the bends was like the sound of the falling of large raindrops. I awoke, and turning my head towards the forepart of the wreck, I spied the figure of a man erect and motionless on the forecastle. The moon was low in the west; I might guess by her position that daybreak was not far off. By her red at light I saw thoe man. I sat erect and di swept a glance round; there was no ship 61 near me, no smudge upon the gloom to indicate a vessel at a distance. Father of heavenl I thought, what is it? Could yonder shadowy form be one of the three pi sailors who had been left on the wreck? es Surely 1 had closely searched the hull; m there was nothing livingaboard of her but s myself. The sweat-drops broke from my l brow as I at motionless with my eyes f fixed upon the figure that showed with an inexpressible ghostliness of outline in the c waning moonlight. On a sudden therei arose another figure alongside of him, k seemingly out of the hard planks of thei deck, then a tlhird ; and there tile three of ti them stood apparently gazing intently aft ci at me, but without a stir in their frames, so thatI could witness. Three of thea a I rose to my feet and essayed to speak, ti but could deliver no more than a whisper. sc I tried again, and this time my voice a sounded. ti "In the name of God, who, and what t are you' v w "Hal" cried one of them. He said something to his' companions, in words is which were unintelligible to me, then T approached, followed by the others, all s three of them moving slowly, with a tl wavering gait as thoagh giddy. e: "Som drink for Christu's sake " said I the nmn who had cried Ha ! pointing his o finger at his mouth, and speaking in a tone itat made one think of his throat as ti sometlilng rough, like a file. By this 0 time it was cear to me they were no n ghosts. I imagined them negroes, so dark their faces looked in the dim west rays b and failing starlight. Whence they hadu sprung, in what manner they had arrived, b I could not imagine; but it was not for a me to stand speculating about them in p the face of the husky appeal for drink. r There was a parcel of candles in the u pantry-as I ternit.I Ihad a flint and steel in my pocket, and followed by'the men, I led the way ° below, bidding them stand a while till I obtained a light; and after gropin" e and feeling- about with my hands, I found the paper of candles, lighted one, and then called to the men. They arrived. I pointed to the jars, saying in I English, there was wine in them; and E then to the slung cask of water, and then to the foodonthe shelves. Theyinstantly mnxeu a fulle Oaugt an swnowe it, with a strange treibling sigh of relief and delight. They then fell upon the biscuit and sausage, eating like famished wolves, both fists full, and cramming their mouths. They were not very much more distin guishable by the feeble light of the candle than on deck ; however, I was able to see they were not blacks. The man who had addressed me was of a deep Chinese yellow, with lineaments of an African pattern, a wide flat nose, huge lips, eyes like little shells of polished ebony glued on porcelain. His hair was the negro's, black wiry wool. He wore a short moustache, the fibres like the teeth of a comb, and there was a tuft of black wool upon hiis chi. Small gold earrings, a greasy old Scotch cap, a shirt like a dun garee jumper, and loose trousers thrust into a pair of half WVellingtons, com pleted the attire of the ugliest, most villainous-looking creature I had ever set eyes on. His companions were long haired, chocolate-browed Portuguese, or Spaniards--Dagos as the sailors call them; I noticed a small gold crucifix sparkling upon the mossy breast of one of them. Their feet were naked, indeed their attire consisted of no more than a pair of duck or canvas breeches, and an open shirt, and a cap. They continued to feed heartily, and several times helped them selves to the wine, though before doing so, the yellow-faced man would regularly point to the jar with a nod, as though asking leave. "You Englis, sahl " lie exclaimed, when he had made an end of eating. I said yes. " How long you been heour, saill" I told him. He understood me per fectly, though I spoke at length, relating in fact my adventure. I then inquired whoi he and his companions were, and his story was to the following effect: That he was the boatswain, and the other two able seamen of a Portuguese ship called the MAary Joseph, bound to Singapore or to sonic Malay port. The vessel had been set on lire by one of the crew, an Englishman, who was skulking drunkenly below after broaching a cask of rum. They had three boats which they hoisted out; most of the people got away in the long boat, six men were in tie second boat, he and his two comrades got into the jolly boat. They had with them four bottles of water, and a small bag of ship's bread, and nothing more. They parted company with tie other boato in tie night, and had been four days adrift, sail ing northwards by the sun as they reckoned, under a bit of a lug, and keep ing an eager look-out though they sighted nothing ; until a little before sundown that evening, they spied the speck of this wreck, ind made for it, but so scant was the wind and so weak their arms, that it had taken them nearly all night to mea sure the distance, which would be a few miles only. They got their boat under the bow-she was lying there now, he said-and stepped on board one after the other. This explained to me their appari tion. Of course I hlad not seen the boat or heard her as she approached, and to me lying aft, the three men rising over the boew looked as thouglh like ghostly essences they had 'shaped themselves on the forecastle out through the solid plank. I addressed the others, but the yellow man told me that their language was a jargon of base Portuguese, of whichi I should be able to understand no more than here and there a word, even though I had been bred and educated in Lisbon. "Weo mesh see to dalhiboat," he ex claimed, and spoke to his mates, ap parently to that effect (To be coetinued.) wHoSOEVRO would be sustained by.:the hand of God, let him constantly lean upon it; whaoaeoer would be defended by it, let him patiently repose himself under it. Ewnn so yieldsbefoor the estrong and carnest will. It gros by exercise. -DilS culties before which mere cleverness fails, and which leave the irresolute prosmrate and helpless, vanish away before it. bio?E Ore 50 fond of secrets as those who do not mean to keep them; such persons I covet secrets as spendtlrifts covret moey, 5for the purpol of eirculeation. 