THE BEisDIGO ADVERTISER (PUBLISHED DAILY.) PROGRESSION, OUR ItlGlITS, AND OUIt RESOURCES. SANDHURST. SATURDAY, J AX. 13, 1SS9 THE POLITICAL CRISIS IN SYDNEY. As a matter of course, there is a great deal of speculation as to the real cause of Sir Henry Parkes refusal to reply to the charges mado by Mr. Want against Mr. Fehon. Our leaders are aware that Mr. Fehon not long since was appointed one of the Railway Commissioners of New South \Ya!c3. The appointment was objected to in Parliament partly because ft was alleged that Mr. Fehon had been mixed up with the railway ' frauds said to have been committed by cer tain carrying firms some four years ago, and partly, it is believed, because lie is a Vic torian. On Wednesday evening, in the Legislative Assembly of Now South Wales, Mr. Want, who held the oilice of Attorney General in the Sir Patrick Jennings' Go vernment declared that Mr. Fehon had been implicated in those affairs, having been con nected with one of the accused firms. Sir Henry Parlces would not listen to him, and left the House whilst ho wa3 speaking. Oil his return he was urged by members on both sides of the House to reply to Mr. Want, but in the most extraordinary and inexplicable manner ho remained silonfc. Mr. Want moved the adjournment cf the House, which was taken as a motion of want of conlidence, and was carried. On the following day Sir Henry Pavkes placed the resignation of his Ministry in tlio hands of the Governor, The position taken by Sir Henry is, so far, unintelligible. He was never before known to sit still when a reply was called for, and there can be 110 doubt if he had opened his mouth, Mr. Want's motion would have been negatived, for some of those who voted for it did so in consequence of the Premier's obstinate silence. At the same time, it may be anticipated, the cause of his strange con duct will be made apparent;. Some people think that he was afraid of the contest, as some of his colleagues are threatened with charges in connection with the Railway frauds which have been hushed up in a sus picious manner. OUiers are of opinion that Sir Henry has been acting stragetically with a view to the reconstruction of his Cabinet, and there may be some ground for this view since the probabilities are against his succes sor enjoying more than a brief term of office; but it is also said that in consequence of the growing infirmities of age, Sir Henry ha3 for some time been anxious to give up the cares of Ministerial life. It is said that the Minister of Justice, Mr. W. Clarke, has stated this to be positively the case, and that lie believed he would now permanently re tire from the arena of politics. It is not at all improbable that the venerable statesman is weary of the troubles and vexations of office, and that he may strongly desire relief from them ; but it is scarcely creditable that he would resolve on finally quitting public life and the honors of office in the manner in which he has just thrown up hi3 high posi tion. : The reasonable inference is that, having something ultimately in view, he has been making a move towards its attainment. The awkward position in which some of the Ministers are Eaid to be placed, may, there fore, have something to do with his unex pected and unaccountable action, and mental fatigue and physical ailments may have impelled him to take advantage of the opportunity thrown in his way by Mr. Want. He may have considered that the spjech of that gentleman was not worthy of notice as he was conscious of ihe ground lessness of the charges, and his mood might have beeu such as to have caused him to assume an attitude of contempti;ousne33. It lias been said before that we had seen the last of Sir Henry Partes in the political sphere; in fact "he himse'f has said it"; and yet he has come to the front again as energetic, as self-willed, and as eccentric as ever. There is something under the surface after which the present dive has been made, and we shall see the veteran come up again smiling after his voluntary immersion. At all events, this is a conclusion which may be drawn from his antecedents. It is not to be believed that all the vanity and ambition has been worn out of him, although he may be at present tired of tiro work they impose upon him, aud it is not likely his love of power will.die until the timo come3 for him to give up the ghost. 