A ROMANCE. IN ONE ACT AND TIUEE SCELNES. S0eNB I.-' How do you like my biscuits, John asked a young wife. 'They are excellent. Delicious in flavour, and as light as your laugh.' 'Is the meat cooked to your liking ?' 'I am delighted with it. You can cook a great deal better than mother.' ScisNz II.--' You are late, John, dear; it is past twelve o'clock,' said the wife, as she helped her husband off with his overcoat. 'Yesh, darling, I waa-hio- detained at--' ' Oh never rmnd any apologies, dear; I know something important must have detained you, or you would have been home earlier.' SOCENa III.-' I saw a very handsome bonnet in Felt and Straw's window to-day, Mary, said a husband as he sat down to supper after re turning from his day's labour. ' Indeed i' said his wife as. sie placed the savoury meal before him. SYes, and I thought it would become your style of beauty.'... ' But, John, dear, I don't need another how bonnet.' 'Yes, you do. I had it put aside for. you. The price is Iblol. Hero is'tho"moidy. You can go and look at it. If it , you, buy' t; if it doesn't suit you,buy onoe that do at the same price.' , 'Oh, John!' ", "' 'No thanks, dear. You are worti ofit' i. AGEn Ne8gro-I is gwino Or.Oh:'?r?'ndroed n ton years old. , . . Interested Listenor.: , Indqed? Then probably you can recollect as far:back'as the first ate of Congress. . AgedNegro: Yes, sah;. I rmminber all 'beoi do fus' of Congress. I ot ter rocollickt it, because I's cut wood wid it when I was so high. Yes, sah, dat wue afore you wus- bawn, sah. You's or nice lookin' gomman, sah, and can't'you give do pooV old man or nickel? MEDr?x: The spirit of your husband salutes you, Madam. Spinster (mat. sixty-five): My husband? (Giggling.) He, hel Why I was never married. Medium: Oh, yes you were. You and your afinity were joined in Spirit marrago. . Spinster (seriously): What a laos of felicity I Would we had met before he died, The Ghost (solus): What a hapy ,tins it. was for mo that I died so young. .;, : - FAniurn Wayback-Putty cold's mwnin Mariah. Fiaunm Wayback's Wifo-Did yb take a lobk at the thermometer? . FAniR n Waiyback-No, I didn't have to. I tuk a look 'cross the fields an' I- eeoJem Deming's tongue fastened to the hitchin post. FAnIMn WVayback's Wifo-Laid akee I. Where was Jemi? FAn~~ n Wayback-Oh ! Jem was right there with his tongue, ' Snn-' I understand that you are one of the praying baseball players, and tliat you 'aro studying for the ministry. In fact, I am told you have just been ordaoned.' Ho-' It is true.' ; "' 'Are you going to take charge of 6. pariah at oncoe?' • • ' Well, I don't know. . I-have received a call to a mission church at I00dol. a. yoar; aleo an offer from the Bostons to sign for 10,000doL a year, and I have been wondering whether I hadn't better dovoto a few more years to baseball praying before accepting a regular pulpit.' AN austre looking lady walked into afurrier's recently and said to the yellow.headed clerk, SI would like to got a muff.' 'What furP' demanded the clerk. ' To keep my handswarm, you simpering idiot!' exclaimed the lady. THAT precocious Ranckhockio youngster, Stepheh Abbey by name, comes to the front aga A few weeks ago a favourite uncle of the lad went away, to be gone for an indefinite time. Stephen thought the proper thing for him to do was to buy lim a present, and the object he set his young mind upon was a Bible. ' eo has more than oneo ible now,' said Stophon's mother. ' And hu'll have another when he gecLtmine,' was the imperturbable reply. The Bible was purchased, and then it was decided by the boy to write an ' appropriate' verse of Scripture on the fly-leaf. 'These were the significant words selected nnd written by Steplheni: ' And ye fathers, provoke not your children to wrath.' Epiheiuans, vi,, 4. Stephen's uncle, who is a man of family, was duly impressed. d r. Spurrr: " MIfls Edith, I love you. Will voumarrymoe?" Edith: "Iamo sorry, sir, lut Iam obliged to decline thu honour." Mr. Smith (wits sudden inspiration): "For heaven's sake, Miss Edith, come away from that window. A storm is coming up. Tho light ning is beginning to flsh, and you are so at tractive, you know." Edith (completely over come): " Cluorlio, dear, you may buy a ring." A IADY who ws-. c?-3stamrt to solicit for te otoier. (ay vhorn sho hiad During tho ly mentioned i?dmy. "And n ?" queried ke. "Oh, I ed tho lady, you." the logal faro If you want r a lawycr. In pnrticularly perient In all stomach, par muplaint, In kdily removes * dlgution. It few minutes the mouth it ia dcears the MAGN0ESIA Sthe spaams, Mch delcate he stomach. jtaur of the 