Story Column. THE DEATH SHIP. A STRANGE STORY. AN ACCOUNT OF A CRUISE IN THE FLYING DUTCHMAN, COLLECTED FROM THE PAPERS OF THE LATE MR. GEOFFREY FENTON, OF POPLAR, MASTER MARINER. BY W. CLARK RUSSELL. Author of 'The Wreck of the Grosvenor,' 'The Golden Hope,' &c.;, &c.; [All Queensland Rights Reserved.] SYNOPSIS OF PREVIOUS CHAPTERS. Chapters I. to IV.— The narrator of the story is Geoffry Fenton, from whose papers it is col- lected. He tells how he sails as second mate in the Saracen, under Captain Skevington. They 'speak' the Lovely Nancy, near the Equator, and the captain, Samuel Bullock, of Rotherhite, tells Captain Skevington of having seen the Phantom Ship, which seemed to be under the command of a tall man with a great beard, and with a face as of a man who had died, and when dug up resumed his death-bed aspect. He warns him against the ship as a spectre to be shunned. Chapter V. — Continued. It was the stormy season of the year off South Africa; but, then, a few days of westerly winds would blow us into the mild and quiet zones, and, come what might, the ship we stood on was stout and honest, all things right and true aloft, the provision space hospitably stocked, and the health of the crew of the best. It was a perfectly quiet, cheerful morning when we manned the capstan; the waters of the bay stretched in an exquisite, blue calm to the sandy wastes on the Blaawberg side, and thence to where the town stands; the atmos- phere had the purity of the object-lens of a perspective glass, and the far distant Hottentot Holland Mountains, with summits so mighty that the sky appeared to rest upon them, gathered to their giant slopes such a mellow- ness and richness of blue that they showed as a dark atmospheric dye which had run and stained, before being stanched, that part of the heavens, rather than as prodigious masses of land of the usual complexion of mountains when viewed closely. That imperial height called Table Mountain, guarded by the amber-tinted couchant lion, reared a marvellously clear sky- line, and there the firmament appeared as a flowing sea of blue, flushing its fall cerulean bosom to the flat alti- tude as though it would overflow it; but I noticed a shred of crawling vapour gather up there whilst the crew were chorusing at the capstan, and by the time our topsails were sheeted home, there was a mass of white va- pour some hundred feet in depth, foaming and churning atop, with delicate wings of it circ- ling out into the blue, where they gyrated, like butterflies, and melted. The air was full of the moaning noises of the south-east wind fly- ing out of that cloud down the steep abrupt, full of gorges, soars, and ravines; and what was just now a picture of May-day peace be- came, on a sudden, a scene of whipped and creaming ripples; and the flashing on shore of the glass of shaken window casements through spiral spurtings of reddish dust; hands aloft on the various ships at anchor, hastily furling the canvas that had been loosed to hang idly to the sun; flags, quite recently languid as streaks of paint, now pulled fiercely at their halliards; and Malay fishing-boats darting across the bay in a gem-like glittering of water sliced out by their sharp stems, and slung to the strong wind. Under small sail we moved out toward the ocean, with a desperate screaming of wind in the rigging; but there was no sea, for the gale was off the land; and after passing some noble and enchanting bays, on whose shores the breakers as tall as our ship flung their re- sounding Atlantic thunder, whilst behind stood ranges of mountains, putting a quality of solemn magnificence into the cheerful yellow clothing of the sunshine, with here and there a small house of an almond whiteness against the leaves of the silver trees and sundry rich growths thereabouts, in a moment we ran sheer out of the gale into a light wind, blowing from the north-west. I do not say that we were astonished, since some while before reaching the calm part we could see it clearly defined by the line where the froth and angry blueness and the fiery agitation of the wind ended. Still it was im- possible not to feel surprised as the ship slipped out of the enraged and yelling belt into a peace- ful sea and a weak new wind which obliged us to handle the braces and make sail. Here happened an extraordinary thing. As we passed Green Point, where the weather was placid, and the strife waged in the bay no longer to be seen, a large ship of 600 tons, that we supposed was to call at Cape Town, passed us, her yards braced up, and all plain sail set. She had some sailors aboard, showed several guns, had the English colours flying, and offered a very brave and handsome show, being sheathed with copper that glowed ruddy to the soft laving of the glass-bright swell, and her canvas had the hue of the cotton cloths which the Spaniards of the South American main used to spread, and which in these days form a distinguishing mark of the Yankee ships. Having not the least suspicion of the tur- moil that awaited her round Mouille Point, she slipped along jauntily, ready to make a free wind of the breeze then blowing. But all on a sudden, on opening the bay she met the whole strength of the fierce south- easter. Down she lay to it, all aback — stopped dead. Her ports being open, I feared if she were not promptly recovered, she must founder. They might let go the halliards, but the yards being jammed would not travel. It swept the heart into the throat to witness this thing! We brought our ship to the wind to render help with out boats; but happily her mizzen topmast broke, and immediately after, her main topgallant- mast snapped short off, close to the crosstrees; then — though it must have been wild work on those sloping decks— they managed to bring the main and topsail yards square; whereupon she paid off, righting as her head swung from the gale, and with lightened hearts, as may be supposed, they went to work to let go and clew up and haul down, whilst you saw how severe was the need of the pumps they had manned, by the bright streams of water which sluiced from her sides. It was a cruel thing to witness, this sudden wrecking of the beauty of a truly stately ship, quietly swinging along over the mild heave of the swell, like a full-robed, handsome princess seized and torn by some loathsome monster, as we read of such matters in old romances. It was like the blighting breath of pestilence upon some fair form, converting into little better than a carcase what, was just now a proud and regal shape, made beauteous by all that art could give her of apparel, and all that nature could impart of colour and lustre. CHAPTER VI.--THE CAPTAIN SPEAKS AGAIN OF THE DEATH SHIP. I had the first watch on the night of the day on which we left Table Bay, that is, from 8 till midnight, and at two bells--9 o'clock— I was quietly pacing the deck, full of fancies struck into me by the beauty of the stars, among which, over the starboard yard arms, hung the Southern Cross, shining purely, and by the mild glory of the moon that, though short of a day or two of being full, rained down a keen light that had a hint of rosiness in it, when Captain Skevington came out of the cabin, and stepping up to me stood a minute without speaking, gazing earnestly right around the sea circle. There was a small wind blowing and the ship, under full sail, was softly pushing south- wards with a pleasant noise as of the playing of fountains coming from the direction of her bows. "A quiet night, Fenton," said the captain presently. "Aye, sir; quiet indeed. There's been a small show of lightning away down in the south-west. The wind hangs steady, but a little faint." "The sort of night for meeting with the Demon Ship, eh Fenton?" cried he, with a laugh that did not sound perfectly natural. "There's no chance of such a meeting, I dear, sir." "You fear?" "Well," I exclaimed, struck by his quick catching up of me, "I mean that as the Demon Ship, as you term her, is one of the wonders of the world, the seeing of her would be a mighty experience— something big enough in that way to keep a man talking about it all his life." "God avert such a meeting!" said he, lifting his hat and turning up his face to the stars. "I suppose," thought I, "that our drawing close to the seas in which the phantom cruises has stirred up his superstitions fears afresh." "Did you speak to anyone at Cape Town about Vanderdecken, sir ?" said I. "No," he answered. "I had got my belly- ful from the master of the snow. What is there to ask?" "Whether others have lately sighted the ship." "Why, yes, I might have inquired, certainly, but it didn't enter my head. Tell ye what, though, Fenton, do you remember our chat t'other day about bodies being endevilled after they pass an age, when by the laws of great nature they should die?" "Perfectly well, sir." "Now," continued he, "I was in company a few nights since, where there was one Cornelius Meyer present, a person 99 years old, but surprisingly sound in all his faculties, his sight piercing, his hearing keen, memory tenacious, and so forth. He was a Dutch Jew, but his patriotism was coloured by the hue of the flag flying at Cape Castle. I mean he would take the King of Great Britain and the States-General as they came. When he left, we talked of him, and this led us to argue about old age. One gentleman said he did not know but that it was possible for a man to live to a hundred and fifty, and said there were instances of it. I replied, 'Not out of the Bible, where the reckoning was not ours.' He answered, 'Yes, out of the Bible;' and going to a bookshelf, pulled down a volume, and read a score of names of men with their ages attached. I looked at the book and saw it was honestly written, and being struck by this collection of extraordinary examples, begged the gentleman's sou who was present to copy the list out for me, which he was so obliging as to do. I have it in my pocket," said he; and he pulled out a sheet of paper, and then going to the hatch he called to the boy to bring a lamp on deck. This was done, the lamp out on the skylight, and putting the paper close to it, the captain read as follows: Thomas Parr, of Shropshire, died November 16, 1635, aged 152; Henry Jenkins, of Yorkshire, died December 8, 1670, aged 169; James Sands, of Staffordshire, died 1770, aged 140; Louis Truxo, a Negress in South America, was living in 1780, and her age was then 175. I burst into a laugh. He smiled too and said, "Here in this list are 31 names, the highest being that Negress, and the lowest one Susannah Hilliar, of Piddington, Northampton- shire, who died February 19, 1781, aged 100. The young gentleman who copied them said they were all honestly vouched for, and wrote down a list of the authorities, which," said he, peering, and bringing the paper closer to his eyes, "consist of 'Fuller's Worthies,' 'Philosophical Transactions,' 'Derham's Physico-theology,' several newspapers, such as the Morning Post, Daily Advertiser, London Chronicle, and a number of inscriptions." I could have been tolerably sarcastic, I dare say, when he mentioned the authority of the newspapers, always understanding that those sheets flourish mainly on lies, and could have laughed again, had I not been restrained by the sense that Captain Skevington was clearly 'bitten' on this subject, actually worried by it, indeed, to such lengths, that if he did not mind his eye, it might presently push into a delusion, and earn him the disconcerting repu- tation of being a madman; so I thought I would talk gravely, and said: "May I ask, sir, why you should have been at the pains to collect that evidence in your hand about old age?" "A mere humour," said he lightly, putting the paper away, "though I don't mind owning it would prodigiously gratify me, if I could be the instrument of proving that men can overstep the bounds of natural life by as many years again, and yet possess their own souls and be as true to their original, as they were when hearty young fellows, flushed with the summer colours of life." Some fine rhymes coming into my head, I ex- clamed, "Cowley has settled that point I think when he says: "To things immortal time can do no wrong, And that which never is to die for ever must be young." "A noble fancy indeed!" cried the captain. He reflected a little, and said, "It would make a great noise among sailors, and perhaps all men, to prove that the mariners who man the Death Ship are not ghosts and phantoms as has been surmised, but survivors of a crew, men who have outlived their fellows, and are now extremely ancient, as these and scores of others who have passed away unnoticed have been," said he, touching his pocket, where the paper was. "When, sir, did Vanderdecken sail from Batavia?" I asked. "I have always understood about the year 1650," he replied. "Then," said I, calculating, "suppose the average age of the crew to have been 30 when the curse was uttered— we'll name that figure for the sake of argument— in the present year of our Lord they will have attained the age of hard upon 180." "Well?" said he inquiringly, as though there was any food for argument. I shook my head. "Then," he cried, with heat, "they are en- devilled, for it must be one of two things. They can't be dead men, as the corpse in the grave is dead." "One conld only judge by seeing with one's eyes," said I. "I hope that won't happen," he exclaimed, taking a hasty turn; "though I don't know — I don t know! A something here," pressing his brow, "weighs down upon me like a warning. I have struggled to get rid of the fancy; but our being chased by the Dutchman shows that we did not meet the Plymouth snow for nothing; and, by the thunder of Heaven, Fenton, I fear — I fear our next bout will be with the Spectre." His manner, his words, a gleam in his eye, to which the lantern lent no sparkle, sent a tremor through me. He caused me to fear him. for a minute as one that talked with certainty of futurity through stress of prophetic craze. The yellow beams of the lantern dispersed a narrow circle of lustre, and in it our figures showed black, each with two shadows swaying at his feet from the co-mingling of the lamp- light and the moonshine. The soft air stirred in the rigging like the rustle of the pinions of invisible night birds on the wing; all was silent and in darkness along the decks, save where stood the figure of the helmsman just before the little round house, outlined by the flames of the binnacle lamp; the stillness, un- broken to the farthest corners of the mighty plain of ocean, seemed as though it were some mysterious spell wrought by the stars, so high it went, even (so one might say) as a sensible presence to the busy trembling faces of those silver worlds. [To be Continued To-morrow.] 