THE BONDMAN * { AKRW8AC&. CHAPTER TT, *i'H w PEACE flim BY HALL CAINE. *I*hor of u 3be ill I." "A Son of Sugar," " The Shadow of n. Crime," ete^ete. There was short shrift for Bed Jason. He ^was teed by the court nearest the spot, and that -was the criminal court over which the Bishop in TUB civil capacity presided, with nine of his neighbours on tfip bench beside him. From this court an appeal was possible to the Court of the Quarter, and again from the Quarter Court to flie TTigh Court of Althing; but appeal in tins case there was none, for there was no defence. And because Icelandic law did not allow rfttin imprignnmwit. of a «rrnn?rm] nnfa'l after he ladbeen sentenced, an inquest was called forth. Willi, lest Jason should escape or ft^mi^ tlie i'jiinp be had attempted. So the Court of Inquiiy sat the same night in the wooden shed, that served both for Senate and House of Justice. The enow -was now ftilKng heavily, and the Jiour was late, but the court-house was thronged. It was a little place—a plain box, luxe, featureless, and chill, with walls, roof and seals of wood, and floor of hard earth. Four short benches were raised, step above step, against the farthest side, and on the highest of these the Bishop sat, -with three of his colleagues on each of the three rows beneath him. The prisoner stood on a broad stool to the right, and the witnesses on a like stool to the l3L A wooden bar crossed the zoom about midway, and in the open space between that and the door the spectators were crowded together. Tho plsoe was lighted by candles, and some were fixed to ihe walls, others were held by nflhprB on the end of long sticks, and a few were hung to the roof rafters by hemp ropes tied about their mM/llc The floor mn like a ftfaram, and the atmosphere was full of the vapour of the snow that was mplting on the people's clothes. Nothing could be ruder than the court-house, but the court that sat there observed a rule of procedure that was almoBt an idolatry of form. The prisoner was called by the name of Jason, eon of Stephen Orry, and having answered in a voice so hollow that it seemed to come out of ihe earth beneath him, he rose to his place. His attitude was dull and nr.passive, and he seemed hardly to see the restless crowd that murmured at sight of him. His tall figure stooped, there •was a cloud on his strong brow, and a slow fire in his blood-shot eyes, and his red hair, long as a woman's, hung in disordered masses down his worn cheeks to his shoulders. Toe Bishop, a venerable prelate of great age, looked at him and thought, " That man's heart is dead within The mouthpiece of the court was a middleaged man, who was short, had little piercing ©yes, a, square brush of iron-grey hair that stood eiect across the top of his corded forehead, and a crisp, dear utterance, like the crackle of a hnrse'e hoofs ou the frost. Jason was charged with an attempt to take the life of Michael Sunlocks, first President of the second Republic. He did not plead and had no defence, and tfw* witnesses against him spoke only in answer to the leading questions of the judges. The first of the witnesses was Gieeba herself, and her evidence, given in Rigti^ij wa£ interpreted by an interpreter. All her brave strength was no w gone. She trembled visibly. Her eyes were down, her head was bent, her face -was half-hidden by the hood of a cloak she wore, and her tones were barely audible. She had little to say. The prisoner had forced his -way into Government-house, and there, to her own face, had threatened to take the life of her husband. In plain words he had done so, and ftwi made show of going in pursuit of her husband that he might cany out his design. " Wait," said the Bishop, " your husband -was not present V " No," said Greeba. " There was, therefore, no direct violence ?" "None." " And the whole sum of the prisoner's offence, so fox as you know of it, lies in the use of the words that you have repeated " Yes." Tti"", turning to the spokesman of the court, the old Bishop said— " There has been no overt act. This is not an attempt, but a threat to take life." "xour pardon, my lord." said the little man, in his cxMsp .tones. . " I will chow that the gtaeif. Murder, my laid," le added, "is not merely to compass tlie destruction of a life, ior there "is homicide by misadventure, there is justifiable homicide, and there-are the rights, Jong recognised by Icelandic law, pf the 'avengers of blood. linrder is tokill insecrecy and after long- harboured malice, and now, my lord, I shall show that the prisoner has lain in wait today the President of the Xtepublic." At that Greeba stood down, and other witnesses followed her.' Nearly everyone had been summoned with whom Jason had exchanged . O words since . .he. landed . eight ^ . days . J . before. There was the lean student who had told him of the drill at the'latinsdiooi, the little tailor who had explained the work at the gxol, the stuttering doorkeeper at the senatebouse, and one of the masons at the fort. Much was made of the fa'ntmg in the Cathedral yard on the Sunday morning, and out of the deaf landlady, the Oqtbff^nil caretaker, some startling disclosures seemed to be drawn. " Still," said the old Bishop, " I see no overt act" "Good gracious, my lord," said the little spokesman, " are we to wait until the knife itself has been reddened r" " God forbid," said the old Bishop. Then came two witnesses to prove motive. The first of them was the tipsy comrade of former days, who had drawn Jason into the drinking-shop. Hie could say of his own knowledge that Jason was jealous of the new governor. The two were brothers in a sort of way. So people said, and so Jason had told liim They had the same father, but different mothers. Jason's mother had been the daughter of the old governor, who tnsred his bade on her at her marriage. At her death he relented, and! tried to find J ason, but oould'not, and then took up with Michael Sunlocks. . People said that was the beginning of. the pew jgoyempr'e fortune. At all events Jason thon^it he had been supplanted, was veiy wroth, nnd.awoue be' •would be revenged. " " The second of the two witnesses pointed to a •very different motive. He vu.ffie of the three Danes who had twice "spoken lu '^ason—the elderly man of thB jnecK'Uid 'quiet" Though himself loyal to the ioaandiqjtepubKc be had been mucii thtbWntanang' its Jason was one at 'them; he icame here direct from Copenhagen, and his constanlasso- «utes wereThqmsen, an dd, white-headat*—~ living in the High street,"andBAveBoa, a J aai'eaDow man, who kept one of the; facing the eea. With. these two' Jas teoaWdty; him tB^-- ^'"^--- At tins evidence there was a among the people, and it was seen bad risen again to her feet. Her 1 and stormed within her. She txihdtoepeakbut oooldnot. ',.Atjjhat wmwipat J«noo-fam»ed bis UoodBhot eyes jn hel direction, and thenb^r limbs gave way uhder be^ andi^Bahkl^k with a moan. Tbe eourt miEnead. and she was removed. .Jason's led^^yjesfolloweaher constantly. 1 " Tins is a case for the Warning, potior punishment," saijd-the Bidum.' " Itis plainly •wrilbea in oar old Inr Saw .flut.jf anan fhmtfm tr» day MMIHW WBIhn i3n«H Tw wnnWl <jf flip gravity nf the he and of tire pemdty attaching to it." * • ** Gracious heavens, my iori," cried the little tpoknsn&n;, "Vbrt_iieaetm:have sfbib assume jffrt ^waJM iwnnflrM pgi^iAnl With Ppfe to jguaid'jiriziB&^tiri&ends; and jBecmus to the State shall we Let this man go' free who had sworn before witnesses to destroy it?" ' • ~ • " God forfend," said the Bishop. It was lawful to question the prisoner, end BO be was questioned. "Is it .fene.jthatyoa have been lying in wait to loll flfePteaident?"a^d^Epo|tra>mn. to Jmn madeso aanw^ • t J* i* " Motaumea^ ~ Ttiea. the epokesman famed back to the tenoe, neither would it punish him as a murderer, who mnst eat the bread and drink the water of misery all his days. Now what is true of murder must be true of intent to murder, and though I am loth to believe it possible .in this instance, honouring and loving as we all do that good man whom you are charged with lying in wait to kill, yet in my duty must I ask you the question — has Virfmri Sunlocks Bpilled blood of your blood, and is it as a redeemer of blood that you go about to day him f" There was a dead hush in the little crowded court-house as Jason lifted his heavy, bloodshot eyes to the Bishop's face and answered, in a weary voice, » I have nothing to say." Then an aged Lutheran priest, who had sat within the ran, with a snuff-box in hh. hand and a red print haiiderchief across his knee, hobbled up to the witness stool and tendered evidence. He could throw light on the prisoner's hatred of the President, if it was true that the President was a son of Stephen Orry. He knew the prisoner, and had naiaod him in his baptism. Tie, had blown the prisoner's mother also, and had sat with her at her death. It was quite true that she was a daughter of the late Governor, and had been badly treated by her father. But she had been yet more badly treated by her husband, who married again while she was still alive, and had another son by the other wife. On her deathbed she had heard of this, and told the prisoner, who then and there, this witness being present, made an awful vow of vengeance upon his father and his father's son. The old priest was heard in silence, and his words sent a quiver through the court-house, liven Jason, who had shown no interest save when Gieeba was removed, lifted up his bloodshot eyes again and listened. And the Bishop, visibly moved, turned to ihe court and said, "Let us put this prisoner back to be tried by the High Court and the Lag- " What, my lord!" cried the little spokesman, with a lofty look, "and set him at liberty in the meantime, to carry out the crime he " Heaven forbid," said the Bishop. " Remember, until he has been condemned we have no power to hold him," said the The Bishop turned to an usher and said, " Bring me the Statute Book," and the great tome was brought. The Bishop opened it and again turned to the prisoner. " The Almighty," said he, " created one man at the beginning to teach us that all men ore brethren, and the law of our old country provides that when two have had disputes and pursued each other on account of hatred, even as brethren they shall make peace before their neighbours. Now listen to the words I shall read to you, and be ready to say if you will swear to them." Then a great silence fell upon the people, while in solemn tones the old Bishop read the Peace Oath. " Ye two shall be set at one and live friendly together, at meat and at drink, in the Alttiin^r and at meetings, at kirk prayers and in king's palace; and in whatever place else men meet together, there shall ye be so set at one, as if this quarrel had never come between you. Te shall share knife and meat together, and all things besides, as friends and not as enemies." The Bishop paused and looked over hiB spectacles at Jason, who stood as before," with the cloud on his brow and the slow fire in his deep eyes, but with no sign of feeling or interest. Will you promise to swear to this, when he shall have returned who should swear to it witii you ?" said the Bishop. Then all eyes turned towards Jason, and there came across his face at that moment the look of a bated dog. " No,'' he growled. The spokesman shifted in his seat and the people grew restless. " Listen again," said the Bishop, and his long white beard shook and his solemn voice rose to a shrill cry as he twisted bock to the book and read:— " Bat if one of you be so mad that he breaks this truce thus made, and slays after pledges have been made and his blade has reddened, he shall be an outlaw, accursed and driven avrav, so far as men drive wolves farthest away. He shall be banished of God and all good Christian far as Christian men soak churches, as mothers bring forth sons, son calls mother, flames blaze up, mankind l™^!* fine, earth is green, sun shines, and snow covets the ground; he shall flee from kirk and Christian men, God's bouse and csankiiid, and from every home gave hieJL" Then there was a pause and a great hush, and the Bishop lifted his eyes from the book, and said— " Will you swear tp.it Again all eyes turned towards Jason, and again his face, which had been impassive, took the look of a bated dog. " No, no, no !" he cried In a loud voice, and then the great silenoe was broken by deep murmurs. It is useless," said the spokesman. " Windings ~ and . . peace - caths, - v. though etill valid, _-• are ^ le nnf- machinery lonnMnt of nr rhp another orrtvirp age. nf This rhp enmp pnsomir is not ignorant of the gravity of the crime be ti A contemplates, nor yet of the penalty attaching to it." There was an audible murmur of assent from the people. "That's true," said one. "It's the truest word spoken to-night," said another. Tte old man is all for mercy,"said a third. "It isn't safe," said a fourth. And there was other whispering, and much nodding of heads and shuffling of feet. Encouraged by these comments the little okesman added— "In any other country at this age of the world a man who tacitly admitted a design to take life would be promptly clapped into prison/* Ay, ay," the people muttered, but the Bishop drew liimwlf up and said, " In any other country a criminal who diowed no fear of the death that hung over him would be itway consigned to a madhouse, e have no madhouse in this island, my lord," said the little spokesman, " save the Sulphur Mines, and there he must go. " Wait," said the Bishop," and once again he turned to the -prisoner. " If this court should agree to ship you out of Iceland will yon promise never more to return to it ir" For the. third time all eyes were fmrnafl on Jason, but he did not beam to hear the Bishop's question. Will yon promise?" said the Bishop * 6 " Ko," 'said Jason. Dangerous trifling/' said the spokesman. " When you seine a mad dog you stzangle it." Ay, ay," cried many voices at once, and The old Bishop jdreir back with a sigh of relief. He loved Michael Sun lodes and had been eager to savehim. He pitied Greeba, and for her sake also bad been anxious to protect her Tinabgnfl Bnt from the moment he saw Jason .andthonght," TTiat mnn's heart is dead within; -biml"Jtfab>vehad.sttngi^edwith bis eensebf dnty. As the trial went on he hail rememb^ed Jason and recalled his bitter history, and seized with a strong symntthy he had strained every nerve to keep hack nis pnnislimwit. He had done all he could do, he had nothing to reproach himself with, and full of a deep and secret wy attheoertainty of H»«a£ety ofSunlockB, be now fell bade that the law might-take Ha Court was counted out, and then the Bishop turned for the last time to Jason, ond delivered judgment. "The sentence of "this Court," he said, " is that you be removed from here to the Sulphur ADne6, ami be kept there ax months certain, and as long thereafter as you refnse to .take the Oath pf Peace pledging yoorBelf for ever, as long as you live or the world endures, to be at one with your enemy as brothers before nil Rten living." Now Greeba alone knew the tenth about Jason. When die had fled from Mann without word or warning itlud notbeen out of fear of aim,' Imt of ~her -bi»t$rthL Her meeting with IGdiad Sunlocks. ahofct tftay with the good old Bishop Petersen, her marriage and the festival that followed, had passed her by like a drpaun. ; Tben eame the "—' -*-— L " Sunlocks wben be had i for a fugtinglit.bg the i outt^^Sh^badBrSd aUtOetttii^t, he bad kissed Iter, and made a brave show of Ua M m ane tte tearsin But it wan aU dmm, a sweet and the caningjw^TS haFttefdmam bean J^bn. ^ben followed ber tenor, hur plea, her fear for ber hnzbandli Sfe. ber defiance o€ Jaxnn, and ths «faa^EB.dn» ma . Aafl tte first bumt badthonght tobersdf, " Myfandwad^aate, ^but JoboE wiD nor^ telljallandl A M tefkM to 1 Jmuuhh bad wooed aaflmn' mid io far immersed die could not but Ac bad allowed bcaadftolhelea ' — " —^^-Itttmgft Jill ' looked at ber with eyes of reproach that seemed to go through her soul, he seemed to be sayiup. "This ia but half ihe truth. Dare you not tell the rest?" Then listening to the lying of other witnesses, and looking op at Jason's face, so full of pain, and seeing now silent he was under cruel perjury, she remembered that this man's worst crime had been his lovn of her, and so she staggered to her feet to confess everything. When she came to herself after that, she was bade in her own home—her new home, the home of her happy dream, her husband's home and hers, and there her first fear returned to her. "He will tell all," she thought, "find evil tongues will make it worse, and shame will bill upon my husband, and I shall be lost, lost, lost." r She waited with feverish impatience for the coming of the Bishop to tell her the result of the trial, and at length he came. "What have they done with him?" the cried; and he told her. " What defence did he make F" she asked. " None," said the Bishop. " What did he say she asked again. " Not a word but ' No,'" said the Bishop. Then she drew a long breath of immense relief , and at the next instant she reproached herself. How little of soul die had been! And how great of heart had been Jason! He could have wrecked her life with a word, but he had held his peace. She had sent him to prison, and rather than smite he had suffered himself to be smitten. She felt herself small andmeaa. Anil the Bishop, having, as be thought, banished Greeba's terror, hobbled to the door, for now the hour was very late, and the snow was still falling. " The poor soul will do your good husband no mischief now. Poor lad! poor lad! After all, he is more fit for a madhouse than for a prison. Good night, my child, good night." And,60 the good old man went bis way. It was intended that Jason should start for tlie sulphur mines the following day, and be was lodged overnight in a little house of detention that stood on the south of the High street. But the snow continued t« fall the whole night through, and in the morning the roads were impassable. Then it was decided to postpone the long journey nntil the storm should have passed, the frost set in, and the desolate white wastes to be crossed become hard and firm. It was now Wednesday of the second week in October—the Gore month—and the Icelanders were already settling down to the long rest of the Icelandic winter. The merchants began to deep the livelong day in their deserted stores in the cheapsbead, and the bonders, who had come up with the last of their stock, to drink and doze in the taverns. All that day the snow fell in fine dust like flour, until, white as it was, the air grew dark with it. At the late dawn of the next day the snow was still falling, and a violent gale had then risen. Another and another, and yet another day went by, and still the snow fell and the gale continued. For two days there was no dayught, and only at noon through the giddy air a fiery glow burned for'an hour along the southern sky and then -went out. Nothing could be seen of fell or fiord, and nothing could be heard save the baying of the hounds at night, and the roaring of the sea at all tunes, for the wind made no noise in the soft snow, but drove it along in sheets like silent ghosts. Sever before had Greeba seen' anything so terrible ; and still more fearful than the great snow itself was the anxiety that it brought ber. Where was Michael Sunlocks ? Where was ber father ? There was only one other whose condition troubled her, and she knew too well Where he was—he was lying in the dark cell of the dark house in the High street. While the storm lasted all Reykjavik lay asleep, and Greeba could do nothing. But one morning, when die awoke and turned to the window, as was her wont, to learn if the weary snow was still falling, she oooid see nothing at first for the coating of ice and hoar-frost that covered the glass. But the snow had ceased, the wind had fallen, the air was clear and the light was coining. The buildings of the town, from the cathedral to the hovels of the quarter, looked like snow mounds in the desert; the black waste of lava was gone; the black beach was gone; the black jokuils were gone; the black headland was gone that had stretched like a giant hand of many fingers into the black fiord; but bright above height, and length beyond length, as far as from sea to sky and from sea to sea, the world lay lifeless and silent and white axoondher. Then the town being onoe more awake, Greeba had news of Jason. It came through a little English maid,. Whom Sunlocks had found for her,. from . Oscar, the young man .Who bad gone out' in search _of her father and returned : without him. Jason was IIL Five days he had eaten nothing, and nothing had he drunk except water. He was in a fever—a brain fever—and it was now known for certain that he was the man who had fainted outside the cathedral on the marriage morning,: that he had been ill ever since then, and that the druggist of the High street had bled him. With these tidings Greeba hurried away to the bidiop. ".The,poor man has brain fever," she said. He was ill when he made the threat, and when he recovers be will regret it. I am sure be will—I know he will. Set him at liberty, for mercy's sake," she cried; and die trembled as she spoke, lest in the fervour of her plea the bishop should read her secret. But he. only shook bis head and looked tenderly down at her, and said very gently, though every word went to her heart like a stab: " Ah, it is lifo a good woman to plead for one who has injured her. But no, my child, no ; it may not be. Poor lad, no one now can do anything for him save the President himself; and he is not likely to liberate a man who lies in wait to kill him." He is likely," thought Greeba, and straightway she conceived of a plan. She would go to Jason in bis prison. Yes, she herself would go to him, and prevail with him to put away all thoughts of vengeance and be at peace with her hncHpTuI- Then she would wait for the return of Michael Sunlocks, and plead .with that dear heart that could deny her nothing,' to grant her Jason's pardon. Thus it would come about that die who bad stood beween these two to separate them, would at length stand between them to bring them to- gether. So thinking, and crying a little, like a true woman, at the prospect of so modi joy, she waited for Jason's recovery that she might cany her purpose into effeti. Meantime, she contrived to send him jellies and soups, such as might tempt the appetite of a sick man. She thought die sent. them secretly, but with less than a woman's wit she employed .a woman on her errand. Ibis leraon.was the little English maid, and die; landed oxer -the duty to Oscar, who was ber sweetheart. Oscar talked openly of what he was doing, and thus all Beykjavik knew that the tender-hearted young wife of the Governor held communication of some' sort with the man whom ehe had sent to jaiL Then one day on hearing that Jason was better, though' neither iwas he eo well as to travel nor was the snow hard enough to walk upon, Gieeba stole across to the prison in the of the afternoon, Baying nothing to.aiiyone of her imssfonar intention. The stuttering doorkeeper of the Senate was the jailor, and he betrayed great concern wheal Gieeba asked to see his prisons, showing by his ghastly lookB, for bis words would not come, that it would be rash on ber Ijart, after heipmjt to mnch towards Jason's imprisonment, lo trust " .But what have X to fear die thought; and willi a brave smile, die pushed ber way through. She found Jason in a square box built of iof, ictack ahd damp and muggy, lighi lyby a hole in the wood imtiaigerthana man's band, and in the night by a qmttenng caikdle bnnK 'fioi the rafters. • Bb .sat on a etooL ; his .lace was worn, his head was dose pped tordieve the heotofhis brain, and on table byJbSa aide lay all bis ied hair, as long as his motna^s was when it idl to the shears of the JewWthewharf. ,(Vi „ -Hegave no aifen whenGreeba entered, though he knew abe i waa ibere, but art with bis tux aowmandone handeiafhe table. ><x £ - •, - ".jtoou/'sbe said. .'M un ashamed. It .is I who have brought yd*-to this.- Forgive me— forgive me ! But my husband's life was in duwer,*nd what was It» do!"" . fitOLbe gave no dgn. "Jason/ 1 she said again, " yotl have heaped coals of fire rm my bead ; -for I have done nothing tat injurs yon; and though ton might bave done as mntb forme you never have.* At that-the finaem of bis band on the table ginned the edgeS&otmvnlrivdy.; \- - "!ta^Ja»oiS£*>«h8 and, "all isnotloetyrf. VoJSrslnara iwatDL. ttsfam. tVia •hall en* mn fonr^onimMO to wake peace with my husband; andwWmyhnd»na*sbirnsbS will grant fne -^onr' -paidon." Oh, forgive me 'i It has not been for his sake that I have been silent, with the devil at my side urging me to speak. And for all that you have me to suffer he shall yet pay double. Let it go on; let him send me away; let him bury me at his mines. But I shall live to find him yet. Something tells me that I shall not die until I have met with that man focetofaoe." And Gieeba went back home with these mad words ringing in her earn. *' Xtis useless to try,*' she thought. " I have done all I can. My husband is before everything.. I shall say nothing to him now." None the less she cried very bitterly, and was still crying when at bedtime her little English maid came up to ber and chattered of the news of the day. It seemed that some Danish . storekeepers on the cheapetead had lately .been arrested as spies, brought to trial and condemned. When Greeba awoke next morning, after a restless night, while the town still lay asleep, and only the croak of the ravens from the rocks above the fiord broke the silence of the late dawn, she heard the hollow tread of many footsteps on the frozen snow of the Thingveliir road, and peering out through the window, which Was coated with hoar frost, she saw a melancholy procession. Three men, sparsely clad in thin tunics, snow stockings, and skin caps, walked heavily in file, chained together, band to hand andleg to leg, with four armed warders, closely muffled to the ears, riding leisurely beside them. They were prisoners bound for the sulphur mines under Heckla. The first of them was Jason, and he swung along with his long stride and his shorn bead thrown back and his pallid face held np. The other two were old Thompson and young Polvesen, the Danish It was more than Geeba oonld bear to look upon that sight, for it brought back the memory of that other night on that other morning, when Jason came leaping down to ber from the mountains, over gorse andcushag and hedge and ditch. So she turned her head away and covered her eyes with her hands. And then one—two —three—four—the heavy footsteps went over the snow. The next thing she knew was that her English maid was in ber bedroom, saying, " Some strangers in the kitchen are asking for you. They are Englishmen, and have just come ashore, and they call themselves your brothers." CHAPTER XXL THE FAI&BUOTHUCS.; Now whenthe Fairbrothers concluded that they could never give rest to their tender consciences until they had done right by their poor sister Greeba they set themselves straightway to consider the ways and means. Ballacraine they must sell in order that its proceeds might be taken to Greeba as her share and interest; bat Ballacraine belonged to Jacob, and another provision would forthwith need to be made for him. So after much arguing and some nagging across the hearth of the kitchen at Lague ft was decided that each of Jacob's five_ brothers should mortgage his farm to one-sixth its value, and that the gross sum of their five-sixths should be Jacob's for his share. This arrangement would have the disadvantage of leaving Jacob without land, but he diowed a magnanimous spirit in that relation. " Don't trouble about me," said he, "it's sweet and nice to do a kindness to your own brothers." And four of bis brethem applauded that sentiment, but Thurstan curled up his red nose and thought: " Aw, yes, of coorse, a powerful big boiler of brotherly love the little miser keeps going under his weskil." And having so decided they further concluded to see the crops off the ground, and then lose no time in carrying out their design. " Let's wait for the melya," said Asher, meaning the harvest-home," and then off for Maxky the Lord." The person who went by this name was one Mark Skfllicom, an advocate of Bamsey, who combined the functions of pettifogger with those of moneylender and auctioneer. Marky the Lord was old and plausible and facetious. He was a distant relative of the Fairbrothers by the side of their mother's French family; and it was a strange chain of circumstances that no big farmer ever got into trouble but he became a client of Marky the Lord's, that no client of Marky the Lord's did not in the end go altogether to the bad, and that poor Marky the Lord never had a client who did not die in his debt. Nevertheless Marky the Lord grew richer as his losses grew heavier, and more facetious an his years increased. Oh, he was a funny dog, WOE Maxky the Lord; but there was just one dog oa the idand a shade or two funiuer staff, and that was Jacob Pairbrother. This thrifty soul had for many a year kept a nest of private savings, and even in the days when he and bis brethren went down to make a poor mouth before their father at Castletown be had money secretly lent out on the conscientious interest of only 3 per cent above the legal rate. And thus it chanced that when Ballacraine was advertised in big letters on every barn door in the north of Mann, Jacob Fairbrother went down to Marky the Lord, and made a private bargain to buy it in again. So when the day of the sale came, and Marky the Lord strode over the fidds with some thirty men—farmers, miners, advocates, and parsons—at his. heels, and then drew up on the roadside by the Hibernian, and there mounted the till-board of a cart for the final reckoning, little Jacob was too mnch moved to be present, though his brothers were there, all glooming around on the outside of the group, with their hands in their breeches pockets. Ballacraine was knocked down cheap to somebody that nobody knew, and then came the work of the mortgages ; so once again Jacob went off to Maxtor the Lord, and bargained to be made mortgagor, though no one was to be a wit the wiser. And 10 per cent, he was to get from each of his five brothers for the use of the money which next day came back to bis own Thus far all was straight dealing, but with the approach of the time to go to Iceland the complications grew thick. Jacob had so husbanded his monev that while seeming to spend he still possessed "it, and now he was troubled to know where to lodge that portion of which he should not want in Iceland and might find it unsafe to take there. And while he was in - the throes of his uncertainty his brothers—all save John —were in the travail of their own big con ^NowAsher, Stean, Bass, and Thurstan,having cadi made up his mind that he would go to Iceland also, bad to consider how to get there, for their late bargaining had left them nil penniless. The proceeds of the sale of BaUacxaine were lodged with Jacob for Greeba, and Jacob also held as bis own what had come to each man from bis mortgage. So thinking that Jacob most have more than be could want, they approached him one by one i confidentially and slyly. And wondrous were the lies they told him, for they dare not confess that their sole need of money was to to to Iceland after him, and watch him that ie did not cheat them when Greeha sent them all their fortunes in return for their brotherly love of ber. Thus Asher took Jacob aside and whispered, " I'm morthal hard pressed for a matter of live and thirty pound, boy—-just five and thirty, for draining endfendng. I-make, bold to think you'll lend the like of it, and 6 per cent, ril be dp it, Asher," said Jacob, for old Marky the Lord has stripped me." Then came Stean, plucking a bit of ling and looking careless, and be said, " I've got a fine thing on now. I caul buy a yoke ofploughing oxen for thirty pound. Only thirty ami a dead bargain. Can y>n lend me the fciassP But whifhes the word, for Boss is sneaking after them." " Very sorry, Stean," said Jacob, " bnt Ztoea has been here before yon, and I've just lent him the money." Boss himself came next and said, "I borrowed five-and-twenty pound from Stean a bit lack, and he's not above threatening to Bell me up for a diity little <bht like Oat. Ma;" tide me oyer the tiouble and say —' Make your mind easy, Bow, *' said Jacob, " Stean told me himself, and I've paid him all you owe him." So these two want their.ways and thereafter eyed eadioliiathnBfeiuiigjr.Mneilherdare explode, for both had their aecretbsar. And tetof aU came Thnrstsn, made wi31 drunk faff «be beth* supiMci' «f BaUabig is dead^-him Hot vSeS to pla. _ fiddle at church—and the old paieon WantB me to take Ballabeg'* "place np in the gallery loft Shi I'd be wonderful good at the' viol-bass. I wouldn't mind doing it neither, only it costs sucbapower of money, a viol-bass does—twenty pounds maybe." WciL what of that f" said Jacob, interrupt- ^^tf^SZg? laidsoutbe With eucb shrewd nnawersdid Jacob escape oa^f £fc W - X t be lost no fame in going down to JIarky the Lord ahd offenng humbtWtofce lent out on interest With good security. K«wing_noth$«S Of -t^ A r , SteatL Xoss, •u^TCbumtan.^fadi in b« ten, Sbpledpwnto Marfcy the Ixwdtofwrowthesmn JuufcytheljfHd bepthts own Latnd tiunreft tMSttttwiMitagar*' Tcaidln Jacob, ;' ! ran tend Dill: " Who to "r" said Jasoh. " That I've gitreumy wordnot to taU. What interest do yon want f" " Not less than twelve per cent," said the temperate Jacob. "IH get it," said Marky the Lord, and Jacob went away with a sly smile. Then Baid Marky the Lord to each of the borrowers in turn. " I can find you the money." " Whose is it r" asked Asher, who came the first " That rve sworn not to tell," said Marky the Lord. "What interest?" , n " Only four per cent to my friend.' " Well, and that's reasonable, and he's aright honest, well-meaning man, whoever he is," Baid Asher. " That he is, friend," said Marky the Lord, but as be had not got the money himself he had to borrow it of an acquaintance, and pay ten per cent for the convenience." . "So he wants fourteen per cent!" cried Asher. Shoo! Lord cave us! Oh, the grasping miser. It's outrageous. I'll not pay it—the Nightman fly away with me if I do." " Vou need be under no uneasiness about that," said Maxky the Lord, " for I've three other borrowers ready to take the money the moment you say you won't " Hand it out," said Asher, and away he went, fuming. XIen Stean, Boss, an,d Thurstan followed, one by one, and each Behaved as Asher had done before him. When the transaction was complete, and the time had come to set sail for Trplani11 many and wonderful were the shifts of Ihe four who had formed the secret design to conceal their busy preparations. But when all waa complete, and berths taken, all six in the same vessel, Jacob and Gentlemen John rode round the farms of lague to hid a touching farewell to their brethren. Good-bye, Thurstan," said Jacob, sitting on the cross-board of the cart. " We've had arguments in our time, and fallen on some | rough barm in the course of them, but we'll meet for peace and quietness in heaven some d»y." " We'll meet before that," thought Thurstan. And when Jacob and John were gone on towards Bamsey, Thurstan mounted the tillboard of his own cart, and followed. Meantime Asher, Stean, and Boss were on their journey, and because they did not cross on the road they came face to face for the first time, all six together, each lugging his kit of clothes behind him, on the deck of the ship that waa to take them to Iceland. Then Jacob's pale face grew livid. What does this mean V" he cried. It means that we can't trust you," said Thurstan. None of you ?'* said Jacob. None of us, seemingly," Baid Thurstan, glancing round into the confused faces about lim. What! Not your own brother?" said Jacob. Near is my shirt, but nearer is my skin, as the saving is," said Thurstan, with a sneer. Poor once, poor for ever,' as the saying is," mocked Jacob. " Last week you hadn't twenty pound to buy your viol-bass to play in the gallery loft." ,, ,, Stean laughed at that, and Jacob turned hotly upon him. "And you hadn't thirty pound to buy your yoke of oxen that Boss was sneaking after." Then Boss made a loud guffaw, and Jacob faced about to him. " And maybe you've paid back your dirty five-and-twenry pound that Stean threatened to sell you up for r" Then Steaa glowered hard at Bora, and Boss looked black at Stean, and Asher almost burst his sides with laughter. " And you, too, my dear eldest brother," said Jaoob, bitterly, "you have the advantage of me in years but not in wisdom. Too. thought, like the rest of them, to get the money out of me, to help you to follow me and watch me. So that was it, was it ? But I was too much for you, my dear brother, and you had to go elsewhere for your draining and ditching." "So I had, bad cess to you," said Asher; and 14 per cent I had to pay for the shabby loan I got" . At that Stean and Boss and Thurstan pricked up their ears. " And did </cu pay 14 per cent?" said Stean. " I did, bad cess to Murky the Lord, and the grasping old miser behind iuni, whoever he is." And now it was Jacob's tum to look amazed. "Wait," he said; "I don't like the look of you.'' '* Then shut your eyes." said Thurstan. Did Marky the Lord lend you the money ?' asked Jacob of Asher. Ay, be did," said Asher. And you, too?" said Jacob, turning stiffly to Stean. • l 'Ay," said Stean. " And you ?" said Jacob, facing towards Boss. " I darn say no," said Boss. " And you, as well said Jacob, confronting Thurstan. Why not ?" said Thurstan. The blockhead!" cried Jacob. |'The scoundrel! It was my money—mine—mine, Z tell you, and he might as well have pitched it into the sea." Then the tour men began to double their Wait!" said Asher. " Are you the grasping young miser that asked 14 per cent. ?" He is, clear enough," said Stean. Well," said Thurstan, " I really thinklook you, bovs, I reallv do think, but I speak under correction—I really think, all things considcred, this Jacob is a damned rascaL" " I may have the advantage of him in years," said Asher, doubling up his sleeves, " but if I Go to the devil," said Jacob, and he went below, boiling hot with rage. It was idle to keep up the quarrel, for very soon all six were out on the high seas, bound to each others' company at bed and board, and doomed to pass' the better part of a- fortnight together. So before they came to Iceland they were good friends after their fashion, though that was perhaps the fashion of cat and mouse, and being landed at Reykjavik they were onoe more in their old relations, with Jacob as poraehearer and spokesman. " And now" listen," said that thrifty person. "What's it saying? 'A bird in the band is worth two in the bush-' We've got our bird in the hand, haven't we ?" " So we have," eaid Asher ; " six hundred goolden pounds that Ballacraine fetched at the aale." "'Just so," said Jacob; "and before we part with it let us make sure about the two in the bush." With that intention they started inquiries, as beat they oonld, touching the position of Michael Sunlocks, bis salary and influence. And in spite of the difficulties of language they beard and saw enough to satisfy them. Old Iceland was awakening from a bod dream of three bad centuries and setting to work with a will to become a power among the States; the young President, -Sunlocks, was the restorer and protector of ber liberties; fame and honour were before him, and before all who l«M a hand to his plough. This was what they heard in many jargons on eveiy side. " It's all right," whispered J acob, " and now for the girl." They had landed late in the day of Greeba's viait to Bed Jason at the little house of detrition, and had beard of ber marriage, of its festivities, and of the attempt on the life of the President. Bat though they knew that Jason was no longer in Mann they were too much immersed in their own vast schemes to put two and two together, until next morning thsy cams upon theiad procession bound for the Sulphur Mines, andeaw that Jason was one of the prisoners. Tbey were then on their way to Government-house, and Jaoob said with a wink, "Boys, that's worth remembering. When did it do any harm to have two strings to your bow f" Theothers laughed at that and John nudged Thurstan and said, " Isn't be a boy!" And Thurstan grunted end trudged on. (TU BB OOKTUitaO.) 