BOXING. Abo Willis, who, it will lie remembered, fought a draw with Young Griffo, has ex pressed his willingness to box Holden at Parramatta for L25 a side and the receipts of the gate. Willis, however, makes one condition, that is, tlmt he be allowed ex penses, seeing that Holdcu particularly wishes the mill to be brought off somewhere in Parramatta, As a guarantee of his earnest ness Willis lias deposited L10 at the Crown Hotel, corner of Elizabeth and Goulburn streets, where Holden or his supporters can call within a reasonable time- to cover it if they mean business. The boxing tournament for 9st. men and under was brought to a conclusion at tho Carrington Hall, Botany-street, last night. The hall was literally packed, and sitting room could not bo found for all there being over 300 present. Messrs. Lowin and Wig gins were tho judges, W. IIowo tho time keeper, and Tom Taylor referee. There were fivo in tliefinal, viz. ,Duuhcef, Christie, Loftus, Mitchell, and Donlan. Having drawn from the hat, it fell to tile' lot of Loftus and Christie to first don the mittens. ' For the first three rounds Loftus made tho fighting, and a good exhibition was the result. In the fourth round, however, Christie took a decided lead, and Loftus, whose legs did not stay well under him, was floored during its course. ' This was repeated in the fifth round, although Loftiis got home a few good rights on to his opponent's frontispiece, which had the efibctofdrdwingblood. Thesixthaml last round was of a ding-dong description, and the repeated thumps that Loftus received on his noHe make it bleed very freely. Neither man was knocked out, and the judges' deci sion in favor of Christie met with the ap proval of the entire houso. The next ."go," between Duiilieef and .Donlan, was very different from tho first, the men being a splendid match, and each repaying ono another blow for blow, and when after tho six rounds the referee announced the judgo's decree that Dunlieef liad won a regular storm arose, the " boo-booing" being deafening. Of course, when two men are vei-y evenly matched, as in the case of tlieso two contestants, it is a matter of great diffi culty to single out tho winner, and the spectators were equally divided upon the question. This now left Christie. Dunhccf, and Mitchell to decide the question of superiority, the latter having secured the first bye. Upon drawing lots again, Dunlieef and Mitchell found themselves called into the ring to first fight. But a complication arose as Mitchell expressed his belief that Dunhccf was over the prescribed weight (fist.), and therefore refused to proceed unless he were weighed. A number of the spectators seemed to entertain a similar opinion, and a general cry of "weigh him" was started. Mr. Walsh, the promoter, went into the ring to explain, and stated that lie had con sulted certain sporting editors; who in formed him that unless a man was objected to at the commencement of tile tournament an objection made during the course of the fight could not liold good. He therefore, as Mitchell refused to contest, called upon Dunhccf and Christie to fight for the silver cup. Christie stood up for two rounds, but it was apparent that lie had not tlio ghost of a show, and judiciously decided to give in. Dunlieef was then , announced as the winner, and was presented with the trophy, valued at L3 10s. The win was not popular, and the proprietor of the hall, in order toobviatoall difficulties which mayarisc with regard to weights ought certainly to have a weighing machine on the promises, thatrhc public may in the future satisfy themselves when they have any doubts. Entrances for the 10-stoue contest, for a first trophy of L7 10s. and a second of L2 10s., close on Mon day next. ' This evening. Jem Hall and Jem Nolan are announced to box 20 rounds at Foley's Gymnasium for a " tenner " a side and tho receipts at tlio door. Both men are well known in tho fistic arena, and their meeting should result, in an interesting contest, though wo expect tlmt Hall will prove a bit too elevor for Nolan'. 