""Cap Thie Sea Give Up Its' Dead ?" .-.---~·t-------. L Told Iby anit Ex- Detctivc. CHAPTER 1. Tll: 011OSTLY HARPIST. In thnt delightful suburb of London, Hampstead, dwelt Sir Charles Letter, a ninn not of great wealth for tih position be held by his rank. Still, ho was proud and haughty, and, to thoeo who offended himn, stern and unfor giving. The house in which ho lived wao an old. No. 1.-" My der bLnefanctorl'" ho cried, huarrying uIp to thle bed and bealdinlg over the tick lfabhioncd tld brick one, eurrounded with a high wall and tine old trea,, which shut out the charming prospect of the country around. Tie windows were quaint, being formed of little equares-for Sir Charles would have been horrlfied at the idea of modernising the dear old place. fIl had for many yearn lived almost the life of a hermit; even hin own reo lationo were received with such coldness Ithat they called as seldom as propriety would permuit. To this qicet mansion I had been untm. nmoned, and tllen I found Sir Charles ex. tended upon a sofa bed, with a lnall table placed by his side. On this tablo were fruits, i IBible, and a bottlo of physic. " lie seated, Mr. Gerval," said Sir Charls., ".3ay I offer you ooma refreshmenlt ?" " No, thank you, Sir Charlen ; but, if you please, we will to bu-iness. I always like to hIave the full partioulanrs at once, uand I would ask you not to keep anly ecrit front mle. Of course, what you tell me will be in the otrictest cotiidence." " Good l .I will endeavor to carry out your instructiot a. I may as well inform you that this house has been said to be lteatit d over since the days of Qelcen Anne. I did not believe it ; but now " Ilo paused, his faco became pile, and his lips quivered. Then lie added in a broken voice : " ',ri , Ibli, e it." "Believe it, Sir Charles " I exclaimed, in astolnishmntn. " It would take a great deal luto m lake te believe any house was halunteul." " Tha:t may be. However, listen. Yeou must know that miy ertates were entailed, hut tmy igrandfitherr with tle collellt of tly father and iiyell, cut off the enttil. The reasrons for doing this were, lirstly, heavy mortgages which Ili I been tlode to pay my grandfuther's gambling debt--for we all preferred poverty to dishonor." " But, Sir Charles, you are not poor 1" "Not as an ord,inaru man," said Sir Charlee, with pride; " but fur my putiti:n t 0is. iotll a ll r ies I lsoest my tow ltige of tho.world by marryinlg fr lee, a 1 ainger- teautiful an an angel. BUit ie mnitta ri ahe died in giving birth ton child. Oh, Itw I loved that child I Perhaps I am to hiatie for what happened afterwoarnit. fHtrbert grew up relf-willed, and--lleaven foerive me for having to say it of emy son 1- dit?olute to a degree. I argued with him--he laughed in my face; I becamea rtern--lhe replied in equal anger. I turned hint from iliy d ern, and lie Iled to Au?tralia. But a venlglancn more terriblo than mine overtook him. Tle ship struclk upon some rocks on the coast of Aue'ralia, and every soul on board perisled. BlUt time heals the deepest wound of the til otions, and I forgot and forgave Helb.rt. I adopted a relation-a cousin only- who in now at collece, and on him I have settled everything-ay, even to my heart's love, and iwell have I been repaid by his affection." " Well, Sir Charles," I said, "if that is the care, I trust you are at last happy." "I liould have been," groaned the hbare nit. Then, after a pause, heo added in an nwiptruck whisper, "Can the sea give tip ito dead I" 'Tile intensity with which tile question won put sotlnlewhlltt startled ale. llHwrover, wtitl an attempt at a smile, I gave Ilim to under. stand tent I was no believer in the super natural. Ito drew himself nearer to me, and said, in a winsper : " My son IHerbert, who was drowned at ea, hauntsIti thi a houeu, 1-I rie'.' rtse him." ' It must have been a delusion or a tric, my delar sir," I remarked. " Neither," lie sid, earneatly. " It was his spirit. I hlad just awakened from a light done, when by the moonlllig t whlli,lh came through that window I saw a sheadeow glide neroas the room. I suffer from an tffeo. tion of the spine, and can but move with slowness, and withl the greatest pain. Hlow. ever, withll ton dillieulty I managed to rains Inysplf on my olbow to watch the lpectre's mtovetuents. It glidod to yonder eroritaire \--into oee whilch you iiltust touch a secret spring. 'lTin tIhe apparition seemed to Iknow, for it /,otle,'dl tihe pring, the neret drawer nflew opten,. tl the spirit took therefromt a cterain document," No. ^, Alcorgo RI4t ilnq Inj" on lliu bed as polo "Arn you onrtain, tilr UChrles, you wore not tdrlniniig?' Si w in I noit lr'niilip," Mr.(i nrvl, "Oih, no I I wc lled not, ' hho I rn yllln-i'hi?t 111 yoill iwiiiit ( le l ' 'lhl i) nItrn turled itn f(ife townnln mi, and I ?aw hy the ple light o + tl 1111m1 the tilln lt'1rn of mly IH01n. Ihnn'ired nor. rowllly it Ian ind, lthl vlnIIIheld clone by t11rold 1 wnrdrobe,." " A htairtlh idIlry 7" I romlnrlned. "II, I1ti you 0I1t tniim'ythhi mhitmo 1" "IUnto,- only mono- -iandt then It vninlmhil h Illtf ll l' l L¢ I u tP " V'n f iou lnd thi ilnniliiin l nit nil rilght?" u tlll but lt l nit IInn IllitUd iaidt roiud." " And whmt wan the uitttrt of the dmoom tlni L " I ltqllir ltd, I" ly will, 'tho will in whlavh 1' lonyo all Imy property to yi dopw tod on Gieorgu Standing. Since that I have had thewill reo Imoved to an iron safe." "And yon have not seen the ghost since ?" " Never. But I have known that it nhas t been near me. I have 'heaod'it." " Heard it I" "Yes. IHavo I not told you that my wife was a ginger? Well, she used to play the harp admirably. When eltn died I could not bear the night ot the instrument, and had it removed to a room where, amongst old cabi nets and so forth, it Ins remained, in upite of my son's pleading that it should be given to him-for he was passionately fond ol musio; but I could not bear any one totoanoh her harp, so it remained silent until "-here the paused, passed his hand quickly over his pyes, and groaned. Then, leaning over to wards me, he sRid, in a solemn whipoer, "Until a few nights nago, when I heard that harp played by-by-omy wife." "hIonponsibll I You raid that rho died in giving birth to your only eon?"l re marked. T' Tht is perfectly true; but at the same time I can swear that I heard her play one of those wild German airs of which she uned to be so fond. I listened, entranced. I could not-I dared not noveo. The next morning I went to tle room, not into it-1 eu/ld not di o that. I found it looked and bolted asn I had left it. I examined the bolts, and the dust wan still on them. No one could have entered that room." " Your adopted son, Mr. George Standing -dove he know anything about this?" 1 asked. "I wrote 'him all particulars, and I ex peated him here from Oxford before you,' replied the baronet. "I wished you to con sult with him." "Confound it alll" I thought. " When will people learn to keep their tongues still? ' But I said quietly to Sir Charles, "I nem sure I shall he most delighted and- " Tihe sonorous clng cf the lodge bell in torrupted us. A carriage came up the drive, and in a few momeoenta a handsome young fellow burst into the room in a manner 1 thouelet little litted for a neik chamber. " My dear benefactor,' he cioed, hurrying up to the bed and bending over the sick man -(See Picture No. 1)--" what is this I hear l Can it be that some wretches are treing by these meane to rob you-to kill you-l?? working on your too sensitive nature? Of eleare ae to their being real eat o r:e, that's a'l moonehireo." " luac, elush, George I" said Sir Charles. faintly; "' you are too bolsterous for mee. This is the Ientleman whom I have had letched from London to solve the mystery. and 11e reays that we omust keep the smiatter entirely to ourselves. You must not lot a soul in tle Ihouse know who or what he is you understand 1" MAr. George Standing declared that he did underetand, and ehookule o cordially by the hand, saying that he would help tec in every way, 'T'hen the inl'ited that he should sleep in Sir Charlre' roomnc, and Sir Charles hanve another, wheere ie would not ha disturbed. I had wished to have made the samie pro poal bl:out the roonl, as I wanlted to sleep trero; but thle baronet seemed delillted ac hie adop'ed co' e courage, and so I had to giv unt mey claim. I elrolled ito t the extensive grounds, and lit my cigar so as to emoke and think over thae olue. iBut I could make nothing of it. Of a truth, I did not like the interference of Mer. ,icorgo Standing-a handsome, open-faced gentleman, bht with unsteady eyce and lipa, hn.).-I sIlgently up lhiudl Imi,1hat xtdk. his attention and, what I dislike, far too gushing. In the midst ol these thoughts tho sound of thie dinner-bell struck upon my ear, and I hurried back to join Mr. Standing in tho diinig. room, no I had promised to do. Dinner over, at Mr. S'anding'o invitation I joined him in the smoking.room, wllerewe had somn capital cigars and colfee. In oouran of conversation hn lot drop ithe pearot that Sir Charles' son had to go abroad in conoo queOnce iof ome forerieo lihe had committed. " Sir Charles never told me th/at," I sold, quickly. "Nt, of course ho would not-the honour of tie family, and all that kind of thing," Raid .Mr. Standing. Pomelat huslily. " And now poor 1.rtin has rone,n tile least salid about it the better. lhnt that was the oae. Of oourse Hlerbelt had to bolt, anod-you know tile rest-IIo was drowned." 'You aroe tre e waIt drowned l" " t'ositivo. I do not know all the full pnr tiuctlare, but Sir Chlarle had the o?,n thoroughly investigated, and there was to ot thei oligltett doubt of it. I never coultI maka poolr Ilerhbrt out. I u!jpose htIP erratio and badl qualities came from the mlother's side." "l'orhapa so," I reoarkhd, quietly. " You leep in Sir Charlen' room to.nighlt?" "I do," he muttered, pulling forth a pistol. "And if tle tghost appears I intoud to tire at it." '"I e careful, and don't shoot rashly," I romarlttd. "If Sir CIharlea really did mee this ipantom, \mho can toll that it mnay not ho sotmo leep- walkler? And in that cane It would be hom Ilide, though, perhaps, in the lowest dgreeo." "Never fear meo I Iknow what I. olut about," he said. " Perhaps you will hatve nows by the mit rllnig." "PerIhRp I ll," I rai, anI, winhlnil thIl Irood ovenoling, otrolled out In the grounds. 