GENERALITIES. There is a good story told of a Victorian politician. When Minister of Education in Victoria he visited a certain State school where the standard of the curriculum, was not so high as itJ3hould> be. -^Indeed," replied the Minister that must .be. rectified. I'll see that a carpenter is sent round .to have it raised at once." ' : Sonny (who is never allowed to -stay oiit of school)—' u Howdie Hurlont didn't come to school all day." Mamma—" Why not ?" Sammy—"'Cause his mother di^d.' When you di<>, may I stay at home all day ?" Mamma— " Yes, darling; you can stay but a.^vhole week thpp," Sammy "(suspiciously)—'" Oh,'I kbow; you mean to die in vacation. , , , • "A- REGOMMBNDA!HON IN HlMSELF.—Oxberry: used' to say: of Stephen Keuible ;that when he pasped 'through: the meat market the butchers, eyeing, as they- thought, a colossalcustomer, -beset him with '-shouts of " What d'ye buy ? What d'ye buy ?" When he re-, fused to purchase anything, but went peaceably on his. way, one clever tradesman Very gravely made this proposal — " Well, sir, though you say -you don't wan't anything, only say you b^y your meat pf me and you'll xuike^my fortune." „.. . [ Dumley (who intends to strike " Brown for- five -pound?)—Brown, I'm in bad Bhape, and I want you to do me a fayor." Brown— "Anything, Dumley, anything, ! but lend you money ; I'm hard up myself." Dumley (who sees his case is, hopeless)—" Broyrn, did 1 ask you. to lencl.me,any money? DidI say a single Word a|wut money ? The .favor "I was about to ask is—but never mind—never mind " (Goes,off with a touching air ot having been wjyudged.) A feznall hoy entered a Fourteenth-avenue grocery tbe other day, and asked the proprietor to trust him to two cents' worth of c mdy. " I don't know you," was the reply. " Bat I live just two blocks down." " But what made you suppose I'd trust you 1" " I supposed so because you've got two barrels of kerosene out doors, and I could have bored gimlet boles in both of them last night without anybody knowing it." The grocer compromised by trusting the boy to a cent'e worth of . candy and rolling the barrels into his All the anecdotes told in America on tbe subject of Boston are satires upon. the presumptuous character of the BoBtonian, who considers Boston tbe centre of the universe. Here is one of the many hundreds Max O'Reil heard—A Boston man has loBt his wife. AB soon as telephonic communication is established between that city and Paradise he rings and cries—" Hello !" "Hello!" from the otter end. " Is that you, Artemisia ?'. Yes, dear." " Well, my love, and how do yon like it up there ?" " Oh, it's very nice, of course ; but it isn't Boston." Wife (11.30 p.m)—"What's that horrid odor ? Smalls like alcohol." Husband— " Y-e-s, my dear, we use alcohol at the lodge for initiations. Take Bome alcohol, light ir, put salt in the frame, and it gives a ghastly yellow light; makes folks look like ghosts, you know." " But that odor comes from your hreath." " Y-e-s, m* dear; in the 37th degree I personate the chief demon with flames coming irom his mouth. I take a moutblnl.of alcohol and a swallow ot salt and then set fire to it. But, m' dear, you mustn't tell thtse thiugs. Secret s'ciety secrete* sacred, you know." 