So the Kntrvmilia Half-hciliday Association has departed thia life — been, Othello-like, Fmntliered. It is a most unhappy finale for an institution that should have been upheld bv the masses in the interests of the white slaves who ore chained to commercial drudgery from luuni till ni)fbt, the sufferers whose fauiilv circles and friends are deprived of reasonable social enjoyment. The causes that have operated t<j this undesirable termination are not due to pnblic opinion, for that has ben carefully cultivated in Katoomba to encourage the H&lf-hnliday; Association. And is it not the pmud boast of the working man that the Eight-Hour svrtein is rwogniwd in this fair land as thp correct thing? It cannot, then, be asserted that business men who would not eliut up shop on Wednesday afternoons are wholly nponsible for the collapse of tlir weekly half-holiday. Such an assumption would lead to the injudicious inference that the leisured and well-to-do classes are the enemies of the worker?. Whilst it inay be taken for granted that business men who opposed the Half-holiday Association gained but little by taring labor to the most endurable limit, it does seem atrange .that the body under yxMt- martem examination should have given up the ghost so myptcriouAiy. Reasonable hours of lalxtr is a plank in the oocial platform (hat is subscribed to freely by sincere Protectionists as well as Free-traders, bo Uiat politics could not be the disturbing clement . Whatever be cause, it is a hard, crushing fact that -another injustice haa been done to the white slave by the abolition of the half-holiday. In this colony, working men of any arncation are,, as a rale, pronounced advocates of the Eight- hour organ! nation and of assodations having an affinity thereto or tending to ameliorate the condition of Serfs whope daily houre of lalx)r leave thein a margin of but eight hours for reft. ; Their sympathy is drawn especially to those unfortunates who are chained as it were to the 1 counter from early mora till the hour when the " Fish Tain" gorges its freight at the Katoomba Railway SUfcwn by night. Of course, wherever the workiog man is so con- eervaljje of his rights on the labor question — and propcrir no, it the custom in this conntrr is — rt stands -to reason that be, in his broad lore erf justice, jind in his consistency, wfll so et lus own bouse in order that do member of his family shall cause others to labor daring established jxdidayA or during hoars Uiat to work are prohibited by the great and intelligent .tuassjof thc commohity. It would be a libd uj>on the working msn to even insinuate that hi /aindy, enjoying hf? sodefy after hi? eiglit lioitfwturlFts eritJi t!ionghtli»aly, to procure abWticle that can bo got another time, deprive ,the heads of families, or young incu who hfcpe to' be in that position some day, oF u well-earned holiday or a brief respite from the worries and cares of lalwr. Men who, by their mvn humble efforts, their plodding, their liidasiau luck, their genius or what you will, have sprung from the rank and -file of the employe toihut of the employer should be loth or xnvcrlt'?s to add to the weary hmnden of those who struggle in the ruck for dear life «tid home. In their hours of meditation, they — if reasonable animals as ordiuary bipeds are — would ponder over their own condition, and in 1 the fulness of their hearts 1x2 merciful to the horay-handed or brain-taxed sons of toil Whom they have parted cotnpauy with in the raw for wealth. Graver thoughts, sanctified perhaps by the holy toachiugs of religion and the puri- fvirnr influences of home, should insnire thein to relieve the lot of their poorer brethren by lightening reasonably the burdens that have been imposed upon Uiem. Man yearns not so much for recreation as for sympathy, and what it is within the scope of the Affluent to tender would not bo missed when they render a final account, or, bajjeving Jhy hare none to repder, ecek solace in the cold, cold earth to realise how empty their vanities or their sordid lives have l>eon. Dissect the dead body, the late Katoomba Half-Holiday Association, ever so searehingly, there is hut little to be learned as to the nature of the death-blow. And the question is still open : What has led to the wiping-out of the Association ? Surely, its members have faith in each other, and place no credence in minors that some have kept the hack door of the shop open while the front was closed. Having public sympathy arrayed on the side of the Half-holiduv Association, its memliers could not lose much from the action of opponents during the dull days of winter. Visitors at summer-time would not lie <o un kind as to ignore proper and earnest appeals on behalf of a half-holiday in the week for men who work both day and night. It is hard, no doubt, that liherul employers should play into the hands of those who would never shut up shop if tlier could do without food or sleep, but it is harder upon the employe who have to submit to the tyranny and degradation of un reasonably lengthy hours of incessant toil. 