Mine is Thine. (Continued) Chapter XXXIII. While the afternoon had been occupied for Esmeand Cosmo by these strange events, Lord Germistoune and Phil bad passed it together in a tete-i-ttle, characterised by dreary mono ?uguc uu uii tuiussoip s part, ana me despairing attention of amiable docility on the part of his companion. They had thoroughly ' done'' the castle, within and without. Phil had had to pay dearly for his imputed cunning in architecture, by diving into many mouldy dungeons, and scaling the tortuous stairs of many a rickety turret ; for everywhere there was an ''object of interest,' and on each Lord Germistoune descanted at length. Then there were the traditions of the place, complex and numerous ; and from each section of the discourse an inference had to.be drawn, .to the personal glorification of his lordship, who, somehow, contrived to take credit for every thing, from a gargoyle to a ghost Thus it took a considerable time to exhaust the castle ; and when that was done, Lord Germistoune carried Phil off to see the bridge and gate house, which were modern, though in the ancient style, and on which the noble pro prietor greatly prided himself, stating them to be from his own design ' I found that the architects were making a botch of the busi ness, so I took it into my own hands, and did it myself, with, I venture to think, respectable results.' This legend had been current for 40 years, so that, . by law of prescription, at least, it was entitled to the honors of veracious history. As they walked down from the castle, Phil, remarking -on the beauty of the scenery, hap pened to say how grateful he felt to Cosmo for giving him the chance of visiting it ; and Lord Germistoune, with 'the mystery' still haunting his fancy, thought the present might be a good opportunity lor probing it, and set about doing so accordingly. ' You are an old friend of his, I believe ?' he inquired. '? Yes, Glencairn is my oldest, and, I may certainly say, my best friend.' ' School friendships are very binding.' ' We were not school-fellows, but our friend ship dates farther back than school days — in fact, it is hereditary ; our fathers, and even our grandfathers, were friends.' ' Ham ! country neighbors, perhaps ?' 'No, not exactly that. They were very much connected in business, I believe, and my grandfather was guardian to Glencairn's father.' ' Ah, indeed ! That naturally constitutes a tie.' ' It has not made much of a tie between me and old Glencairn,' said Phil, laughing; 'but, after all, that was probably due to my fault more than ? ' ' You cajch a view of the bridge, here, Mr. Denwick, which I think is effective.' ' It is indeed,' said Phil, ' most effective ;' and when it had been duly admired, Lord Germhtoune resumed — ' But I beg your par don ; I interrupted you. You were about to relate some facetious incident in connection with Mr. Glencairn's father.' ' Oh no ! I once rejected some advice of his, at which he was very angry, and I have not seen him since — that was all.' 'It would appear that the gentleman is arbitrary.' 'Yes, I believe he is rather an arbitary man; and when a man of that sort is consulted on a matter connected with his own speciality, he expects to have his advice taken.' ' His speciality, you say ?' *? Yes, I consulted him about an investment ; and I suppose Mr. Glencairn is at the tcp of the tree in finance matters.' ' May I ask who, and what, Mr. Glencairn is?' ?? Oh, don't you know ?' ' Is it very remarkable that I should not know?' ' Not at all ; I merely fancied, somehow, that you did. He was the head of an im portant firm in the iron trade, and is now principal shareholder of a company which took over the business ; besides which, he is -t great — I don't exactly know what you call it ; 'financial operator* is, I believe, the ex pression.' 'Why !' cried Lord Germistoune, in great astonishment, 'you must mean Archibald Glen cairn?' *' Yes, I do. The title of the company is ' Archibald Glencairn & Co. Limited.' ' 'I have some reason to know about it; bat Archibald Glencarin — surely he is not your friend's father?' ' Indeed he is.' 'Some one distinctly assured me to the con trary ; and besides, I always understood that the individual in question is a bachelor, and a kind of hermit, living alone in some remote quarter. I know it is next to impossible to get a personal interview with him, — a symptom I have never liked in the man— a distinctly suspicous symptom.' ?* Well, ne is trlencaim s father ; he lives as you say, and has been long a widower. But you know him, after all, Lord Germistoune ?' ' In a business way, I do ; but only in a business way. - His firm had all my Ferniehall minerals, and my Welsh field into the bargain ; and in consideration of this, on the formation of the company, I was induced to become a shareholder to a considerable extent. I trust my confidence was justified.' ' I have full confidence in the company ; and I speak as a prospective shareholder.' 'Oh, indeed! Well, you know, the dividends have not yet been what we anticipated —there has been a continuous diminution.' ' But we must consider thegeneral stagnation of trade,' cried Phi], who had heard Mr. Hopper in apology a hundred times ; 'and then, there is a guaranteed minimum.' 'Yes; that is to say, there is Mr. Archi bald Glencairn.' ' Who is a tower of strength. His credit {s most assured, and his integrity is pro verbial.' ' Integrity is a good thing, but it is not capital.' *' Oh, but he has an immense capital.' 'With which he 'operates financially.' I tdl you frankly, the man did not impress me favorably, very much the reverse. I have only met him once. You can't meet him — he won't let you meet him. He skulks — by the Lord Harry, skulks ! and if you do meet him, he insults you. My dealings with him have been, with one'exceptation, by correspondence, and his tone on paper is never what i* ought to be — curt and self-sufficient, and in addressing me, quite devoid of [that recognition of my status in die world, not to say in his company, which I have a right to expect ; and I shall not soon forget the way he received me, on the one occasion when I succeeded in getting access to him. He didn't rise, he kept his hat on 'his head, . he continued his writing, and actually motioned me — me ! — to a chair, with his infernal pen, just as if I had been a— a huckster like himself ! I at once stated roundly that my time was too valuable to be trifled[witb in that fashion ; and what do you suppose the fellow replied, almost without looking op? Why, that it was hii rule (bis rule !) to transact business by correspondence alone ; and that if I chose to force him out of his groove, to his great inconvenience, I must expect inconvenience to myself. Then when I begin to remonstrate temperately, but firmly, he .held -up ' his hand ! — to me! — to impose ?silence, by the Lord Harry ! Of course I at once left him, and you may be very sure I have not repeated the experiment of calling upon him. The man is arrogance personified, and arrogance is the parent of recklessness, a quality which is not reassuring in the chair man and guarantor of a company. I have my uneasy moments about the man, I can tell you. And so he is your friend's father ? Hum !' ' I have always heard the highest opinions of his honour and sagacity, but his manner is certainly brusque and disagreeable — so very unlike his son's.' ' Hum ! The son is connected with the business— with the company?' ' Oh no, he has a large private fortune ; though, by the-by, indirectly through me, he is now becoming connected with the company.' And here true-hearted Phil, full of enthu siasm for his friend's generosity, impulsively related what noble things Cosmo was doing for him. The narrative failed to evoke the admiration anticipated, on Lord Germistoone's part, who. said drily — ' When you have reached my time of life, Mr. Denwick, you will know that there are many wheels within wheels in financial matters ; and that in transactions like this — though I trust your case may be exceptional — a quid fro quo is invariably extracted.' ' Impossible in my case. Glencairn knows only too well that he couldn't get a quid out of me. I feel certain that he would have given me the money as an unconditional present, if he had thought it for my good — if I would have accepted it. that is to say.' ??? Ha ! hum ! indeed ! There now, take the whole effect of that bridge ana gate-house, and say what you think of an architect who would 'have placed the gate on this side ?' Lord Germistoune had got the information he desired, and Cosmo's merits not being a congenial theme, he changed the subject abruptly. He had got the desired intelligence and though the foundling theory lay in ruins, it afforded his prejudice some consolation to learn that Cosmo was the son of so objectional a parent. ' Well, I have probed the mystery about this Mr. Glencairn,' he said that evening to Mrs. Kavenhall. ?* Have you really, Lord Germistoune ? How clever of you ! Now, do tell me. I suppose Lady Bugles was mistaken. I am afraid you are going to dissolve the little romance. There is something so divinely romantic about found lings ! Well?' 'There is something romantic about his origin. Quite the reverse. His father is a city man of the most flagrant and offensive description — purse-proud, arrogant, a specu lator.' ' And vulgar, of course ?' ' Vulgar ! the man is distinctly a brute.' Then he repeated the history of his cavalier reception by Mr. Glencairn. ' Ah,' said Mrs. Ravenhall, ' I felt there was something wrong/' ' My instincts never deceive me. I always had my misgivings about the young man.' ' How sly of him to conceal all this !' ' That is quite of a piece with the rest of the — ahem ! — business.' ' Now I think of it, there is something artificial and disingenuous in his manner and expression, though he is certainly well-bred enough. Now everything is explained ; the necessity for constant dissimulation puts a strain on the manner naturally.' ' But what business has he to go dis simulating about in society ?' ' It certainly leaves a painful impression on the mind. A lady, of course, feels it more keenly than a gentleman. She knows so well what hazards there are for her own sex in the devices of clever adventurers.' ' Well, 'adventure' is possibly too strong a word.' ? ' Perhaps it is, but it is hard to find a milder substitute.' ' You see the young man is wealthy, and ' adventurer' implies the reverse.' ' True ; but, dear Lord Germistoune, pardon me, a man may have designs un connected with money which are still un justifiable in his position ; and if he conceals his position to carry out his projects, he is, in a certain sense, an adventurer, I think.' ' Very true, very true.' 'And I confess it always makes me tremble when I see persons of this sort brought into contact with girls in whom I feel an interest.' 'Conceivably they might be most danger ous ; but fortunately, in this case, our hero seems to have no attractions for the fair sex. I think they seem quite unanimous in making tun of him here. The fact is, a man so enamored of himself as this gentleman appears to be, is devoid of attraction for women. I think,' he added, with a dry laugh, 'we need have no apprehensions for Lady Bugles's peace of mind.' 'Oh, Lady Bulges! ha' ha! I wasn't thinking of her. If it were only Lady Bugles I. should have been spared much anxiety.' iTO BE CONTINUED.) 