TO Wis TALK The following news matter appears on ac fourth page:-Tariff Deputations. The Municipal Subsidy, Ep=om fisce?, Church of England iliE»ioD, Melbourne, The Pagiliatio Championship, Railway Freights, Corio Bay Bowing Club, and reprint cablegrams. Oaroible messages state that additional troops hare been ordered to strengthen tha garrisons in Upper Egypt on acoount of the menacing attitude of the Arafat. Several of the Irish members of the Honce of Commons have been examined before tha Timea-Parnell Commission. Extensive floods hare occurred in the State of Sew York, Gaming the total distraction of nine bridges, In the Legislative Assembly yesterday the Public Service Bill was further discussed until the hour for taking up private busi ness arrived, when progress was reported. The unemployed question occupied the attention of the House for a considerable time, several memberi contending tb.it plenty of work was to ba go6 in the country. The debate was adjourned for a week, and the House rose at 9.35 p.m. ! At the Central Police Court yesterday a youth named Isaac Sire, a factory employee, was charged on remand with indeoently as« saulting a girl tinder ten yean of age, named Mary Helena Freeman, whose parents reside in Marshall-street, Chilwell, Superintendent Toohey condncted the pro* Eecution, and Mr T. N, Whyte appeared for the defence. The offence was proved, and the bench which consisted of the Mayor (Mr W. Humble), and Mr Heron, P.M., sentenced the acoaied to four months' imprisonment, with instructions that he ehonld be kept apart from other orimtmls as mach as possible* The bench informed the prisoner that at the end of his term of incarceration, he wonld be required to find sureties for his good behaviour during am other four months. It baring been decided by Mr George Henderson to retire from the position of a member of the ttellarine shire council for the iJallarins riding, tha ratepayers have recently been agitated in respect to obtaining a euc-> csasor to that gentleman. A numerously signed requisition was yesterday presented to Mr Japie3 Henderson, Eon of the retiring councillor, asking him to become a candidate for the vacancy. Mr Henderson, Jan., has \ consented to comply with the request, and the requisition and his reply thereto are published in our advertising columns.1 List evening 3 complimentary dinner was given to the members of the Litrobe Athletic Club by Mr Trotter in Mr Calender's dining rooms in Moorabool-etreefc, to celebrate tha close of the first quarter of the club. There were 25 persons present, the chair being tiken by Mr E. Wareham. A number of toasts were proposed and responded to, and an enjoyable evening spent iu son?5 and recitations. During an Interval in the pto* ceedings, the chairman, on behalf of the clnb, presented to Mr J. Mullens, the instructor of the classes, a very handsome shield con taining the photographs of the members in recognition of his efforta to promote the club's success. Mr C: TValdron, the manager of the club, was also the recipient at the hands of the chairman of a pretty marble eight day clock. It was reported to the police last evening that an overcoat belonging to a boy named Lighten was etolen at the theatre. The boy waB with hi3 siBter witnessing the play of Hamlet, and placed the coat beneath the seat. At the conclusion of the performance of the piece it was found that the article of wearing apparel hid been stolen, A most Eucosssful and brilliant Shakes pearian Eeason of three performances was brought to a conclusion last night at the Exhibition Theatre, when Mr Geo. C. Miln appeared as Hamlet iu Shakespeare's work bearing that title. There was an immense attendance of the pnfclxc, the gathering being estimated to number 2000 persons, all parts of the building being inoonTeniently crowded, whilst very many persons were unable to obtain admission to the theatre, standing room not being available. The mounting of the play was cxoeedingly well done, many new ecanes taking the place of those which did duty on the stage on the previous nights. The performance of the play was in every nay excellent, and Mr Miln appeared to advan tage in the role of Hamlet, and ha was very ably assisted by Mis3 Louisa Jordan, whose Ophelia .vas a magnificent pieae of acting, and she received a great ovation towards the conclusion of the fourth act. The characters of Claudius, by Mr 0. R, Ireland j Polonius. by Mr Hy. Hodson; Laertes, by M r H. N> Douglas; Horatio, by Mr A.- Gre'enaway ; and the Ghost of Hamlet's father, by Mr C. Dobson; were also played in a Very merl« , torioua manner. The ; brief MI* ~of:."ths Shakespearian season by Mr Miln has created regret in many circles. To-morrow evening the annual festival of the Loyal Orange Lodges and the Protestant Alliance Friendly Sooiety in ? celebration of the 12th July, will be held in tha Mechanics' Hall. It will take the form of a grand tea meeting and concert, and tha proceeds are to be devoted to the fundB of the newly eetab* lished Protestant Hall, in Yarra-atreet. The tea meeting will be held at six'o'clook, and the entertainment, at which the hon. Jamea Muuro is to preside, will commence at eight o'clock. The concert gives promise of being one of a very pleasant character. The receipts on the Government lines of railway for the four days ending July 4th 1889, amounted to £51,161 as com pared with £54,761 Is for the corre sponding five days in 1SS8. Passengers, paroels, eto., £38,020 5s as against £37,527 19a Sd ln 1SS8. Merchandise, minerals, and oattle, £13,140 15s bb against £17,233 Is 44 for the corresponding period in 188S Miles open-1889, 2199 ; 1888, 2018. True Manhood is the subject of an address to be delivered in Christ Church next Sunday afternoon by the Kev. Canon Langley to men only. This evening Love, Courtship and Marriage, will be thesubject of a lecture by the Kev. Hi Wallace in the United Methodist free Church, Pakington.street. A special meeting, of the Geelong West Volunteer Fire Brigade will be held this evening at eight o'clock. Messrs £. Kenny and Co., provision mer chants, of Moorabool and Myeis streets, intimate in our advertising columns that they have special bargains in teas, etc., at lowut cash prices. It is intimated in our advertising columns by the Railway department that holiday excursion fares will be charged in connection with the Victoria Racing Olubs Winter Meeting and the Victoria Coursing Club's Waterloo Meeting. From Robertson and Co., publishers of Melbourne, we have received a new novelette entitled "Derrick Vaughan-Novelist." It is a fairly interesting society tale of upirardi . of 140 pages, and a neat VOIubm foi, tte I pocket. "We have received a copy of the Oeeloug Grammar School Quarterly, In addition to the U3U*1 cnronicle ofschcol events it contains five nieces of poetry, mo3tof "which isof a. high order of merit. "Under the heading of " Jfotes and News1* it is announced that the school ha3 lost the services of Mr C. H. Linton, Trho hag gone lo Sydney withaview to practising as a barrister there. It is noted th*t a taste for music « bein£ widely cultivated ia the school since the adrent of Mr Monro and the formation of Mcginjj classes with lie assistance of the Rev. G. Sproule. A contributor tinder the heading of Miscel laneous, says there has bsen of late more water down the river than since the flood of 1SS3, but the water has never been in the boathon=e'near the bridjre. An increase in the number of scholars ia noted, and a hope expressed thai after midwinter there "mil he once more SO hoarders in the school. It is proposed to establish in Geelong a company to work Taylors Patent Refrigerators and Dry Air Apparatus. A meeting will be held in reference to the matter at the Exhibi tion Bondings at 3 o'clock on nest Tuesday afternoon. The refrigerators referred to have been nsed with much success in Adelaide and Sydney- At the latter city a refrigeratircr company was formed a few years since, and is now in a very flourishing condition. I^kst half year it paid 20s on the paid up capital besides writing off a sum due to the patentee and carrying forward a balance to the nest half year* .A quantity of fire-Brood -will be offered fox Bale in the Market Square this day at 12 o'clock hy "blr Henry liannister, auctioneer. The sporting pamphlet of Mr J. J- Miller, of Melbourne, -which is in neat book form, lias just been issued. It is a very handy publica tion containing a vast amount of useful in formation regarding almost all kinds of sports and athletic pastime?. It contains also particulars of entries and weights for horse racing events to come. As a means of refer ence it is indeed valuable, Cobb and Co/s hail^ay Guide for July is to hand, and contain?, as usual, a very large amount of useful information in a compact and orderly form. Mi Henry Bannister -trill sell by auction at the Geelong auction mart, at 11 o'clock thi3 day, a large quantity of unredeemed pledge?, consisting of jaweliery of all kinds* tools, clocks, clothing* eta, "without reserve. Hie entries for the Birregurra Coursing Club's meeting next Tuesday at Birregurra must bs made to-day* This evening a meeting "will be held in the c?aaa room of the .Mechanics' Institute at eight o'clock, for the purpose of taking dtficite steps to form a Geelonp Commercial Club. A. meeting of the ratepayers in the Moolap riding shire of Bellarine ttHI be held this evening in the Moolap State school, to present to Mr H. B. Smith a requisition asking him to become a candidate to represent the ridiag in the Bellarine shire council. 