EXPERIENCES OF AN EDINBURGH DETECTIVE. By JAMES McGOVAN, Author o£ "Brought to Bay," "Hunted Down," " Strange Clues," " Traced and Tracked," "Solved Mysteries," &o;, fSie Chaosed Overcoats, The trouble in this case lay- between two members of a bowling club, and began at a supper held in a new town hotel at the fall of the year, The first steps seemed simple enouah— it wbb the after results, and incomprehensible denialBand retractions, which puzzled us most The two men were Harold Milton, a bookseller, and John Snider, a grocer. They were not enemies, but there waa some standing grudge between them regarding some competition in h.'.U 1.1. 1 1 -'i-a . • . * * which they had been pitted against each other, which made them rather ungenerously disposed f-A oanll aHjOW DiSa wAAWt knJ U<t«M n.L -_L. to each other. One room had bssn set apart for the coatB and hats of the members, and when about one half of these had arrived Mr. Milton came in. Some confusion ,aroBe from this en trance, for most of the members imagined that he was newly-arrived, and noticed, along with the waiter in attendance, that he wore no top coat, His statement, however, was to the effect that he had been there early, and came in with his topcoat on his arm, aBthe night wa3 not a cold one, and that he had hung it up exactly where he afterwards found the topcoat which he put on when leaving. He was rather wealthy and a great man in the club, his only weaknesses being a fondness for whisky and a craze for theatricals and theatrical people, Not long after his entrance John Snider ar rived, and every one afterwards agreed that he had on a brown {topcoat with a velvet collar, which he slowly and methodically removed, and hung up among the other coats, He wa3 a very striot, precise man, a staunch teetotal ler, and an elder of the Free Kirk, and though he was not so popular in the club as Milton, his word was generally believed to be as good as an oath would have been from the book seller, Milton had some other engagement and left early. Snider stayed to the end, a3 he wa3 chairman and had to give away the prizeB. When he got into the little side room he found it crowded and confused by members not nearly so sober as himself pulling on boots and hats and coats, and chatting noisily, but what concerned him most was that he could not find his topcoat. The waiter on being appealed to said it was hanging on a particular peg near the window, but on going to the spot was astonished to find it gone, " Some of the others must have put it on by mistake," he suggested, and all the others were questioned and examined, but found to each possess only his own property, No one had left but Milton, and this beiag remarked upon, the waiter suddenly said— "A brown topcoat with velvet collar—of course, I remember it now. I helped Mr, .Milton to put it on. He has ju3t taken a loan of it, as he had no coat on when he came, and it's come on to rain." "A loan _ loan of it ? Nothing of the kind," said Snider snappishly. "I've heard of his tarry fingered tricks before, but this time he shall suffer for it. I don't see why the like of that should be called fun in him which in a poor man would be called stealing, Send for the police," This action was ruled to be rather sharp, and at length Snider was persuaded to send a message to Milton's home asking the coat to be returned, The house wa3 only a street or two off, and the messenger returned in a few minutes with the reply that Milton had taken no coat but his own, and that he wa3 not to be annoyed with any more of Buch insulting messages. Snider was first paralysed and then infu riated, The waiter was perfectly ready to swear in any court that he had seen Milton arrive without a topcoat and go away with one on his back which resembled that of Snider. The whole was much worse than the common trick of taking a good umbrella or hat aud leaving an old one in its place, The book seller had not had the grace to leave even an old coat in place of that stolen; he had simply taken a good one to supply his own want, and bad left the worthy chairman and elder to face the rain in his thin dress coat. "Get me a cab," said Mr. Snider sternly. " I'll see about this to-morrow." What his seeing about it meant appeared when he came to the Central early in the fore noon, and formally charged Milton with steal ing his coat, I thought this course rather high handed, but as Snider'had taken th9 pre caution of bringing with him the waiter from the hotel there was no alternative. I had still some expectation of Milton being able to clear himself, so I went to his shop and chatted with him for a little! before introducing my disagreeable errand. He was a pleasant, jovial fellow, though a little fast, and I had no doubt would laughingly own that he had done the whole as a trick. " There was a supper of Our Bo wling Club Ia3t night," he said, in the course of the conver sation, '-and our captain has as good as charged me with stealing his topcoat. His name is Snider, and he's a grocer. I think you'd better look after him, for these sort of men generally turn out to be rascals," This was a speech altogether unexpected by me and in a manner took my breath away. After letting him talk for a little I said curiously— fl Are you quite certain that you took your topcoat to the place?" "Certain? Of course.I am," ha answered, opening bis eyes to the widest, "You'surely don't think I'd go along the street in daylight with adress-Buit on and no topcoat? Here's the coat—look at it for yourself." He went into a back. room and brought forward a brown topcoat which in every re spect answered the description of that of Rnidpr. "When did you get this coat?" I next asked. He named the time as near as he could re member, and also the tailor who had made it. I noted down the answers, and then said to him —with reluctance, I confess— " I hope the -tailor will have it down in his books, and be able to swear to the coat, for if he cannot you will certainly have to go- before fiscal. Snider has been up to the Central charging you with the theft, and he has witnesses." Shis quiet announcement took all the color out of the bookseller's face. It was not anger bo much as concern and surprise which pro duced the change, and for a moment or two he could not speak, " The tailor, of course, oan swear to the coat," he said at length very volubly, as he rapidly turned out the lining for my inspection, " for he had it in his hands only the other day putting in this patch in the lining and sewing on some new buttons—where is that patch? I don't see it now, It must be here—at the left side. Yes, it was the left Bide—and yet there's nothing but whole cloth there now ! And I thought the name of the tailor was stamped on the suspension band at the neck ? That's strange!" and he looked blankly at me, slowly crimson ing as a suspicion of the truth dawned upon him; " Well, after all it's just possible that I have made a mistake and taken somebody else's coat and left my own in its place;" This Beemed to me a poor way of getting out of an awkward fix, but there was a great deal more in the man's manner than his words, which seemed to paint his guilt in lively colors, He started strangely, and made a sudden dive at the pockets as if in search of something— \- then stopped hiB rummaging as abruptly as he had begun, and stared again at the lining, in which not a ghost of a patch was to be seen, His face, too, flushed deeply, and beads of sweat appeared on his temples. " You left your own coat, you say?" I coldly rejoined, "It's strange, then, that no suah coat could be found in the place, In fact, there was no unclaimed coat at all. Each of the guests had his coat except Snider, who 'now charges you with taking his, Do you think it possible that thiB coat is really Snider's ?" " Shouldn't wonder but it may be, for I've seen him wearing one like it," absently and vacantly returned Milton, still perspiring heavily and looking horribly startled and up set, " The faot is, I'm more put about and more concerned about my loss than his. .1 don't care twopence whoBe coat this may be if I can't get my own," " Why so ?" " Oh, well, that is—oh, that's a thing that corcerns nobody but myself," he guiltily and shufflingly returned. " Was there any money in the packets ?" " Oh, no; not a penny, I'm glad to Bay; but it's a loss and inconvenience to me," He continued to flounder and blunder in his statements so much that at length I asked him to see the fiscal. He understood the gentle request perfectly and came Without demur, and saved me the trouble of carrying the tap coat by wearing it on the way to the office. He was duly charged and would have been locked up had he not found security for his appearance, He then, rather reluotantly, as it seemed to me, gave .a description of his coat, and had it recorded as stolen, I was of opinion that the coat he described, and the patch in the lining, the newly sewed-on buttons, and the maker's name stamped upon the suspending band existed only in his own ingenious and fertile imagination, but a visit to the tailor in question corrected that mistake. That tradesman' not only showed me the entry of the topooat, as .made to order in his books, but declared , moBt emphatically that he bad repaired the lining of the coat nnd sewed on some buttons . buta few days before. He added that he - wonld know thecoat'again and be able to pick: it out from a dozen ao-astobe able to swear to it. Later in the day, when I took down to him the coat found in Milton's possession ha eaid that it was like it in color and make, but a very inferior article to that made' by him foe Milton. Snider on being ehotvn the coat iden tified and claimed it at the firat glance, and waa greatly annoyed that he could not tak? possession of it on the Bpot. " You know it's my coat, and yet you won't give it to me till the trial is over I" he angrily obaerved to me, '"Am I to go about perishing of cold till you're ready to give my coat, or aa I to buy a new one and charge it to you?" I replied that I had not made the law, and that if he had a grievance he had better direct his claimB against the law-makers and not against me, He was also angry about Milton being allowed to find security for his appear ance. instead of being locked up like a common thief, but a man anifitering with a bad cold i3 scarcely responsible for hi3 words and actions, eo I let him rave on. I required from him the confirmatory evidence of his tailor that the coatwasreally that which he had lost, and, when that was got, I took the coat away and had it locked up. I had now demonstrated that Snider'a coat had really been taken by Milton, though whether with felonious intent was not clear, but I had also proved that Milton loatacoat exactly like that recovered, and the question now left for me to solve was, where was that coat to he found ? I was eager to trace the cl9ver thief, as the snappishneas of Snider had caused my sympathies to veer round to Milton's side, but, strange to say, at that point Milton himself appeared not at all anxiou3 to have the -coat traced and recovered. I had more than one chat with him in the course of the investigation, and invariably found him supremely indifferent as to hia loss. It wa3 an old coat, not worth troubling about, though it had been made for bim only about nine months before; I need not distress myself as to whether I got it or not, for he had ordered another and fnlly expected that he would never put the lost brown one on again. These remarks struck me as more thaa curiouB—as positively unnatural. Many men will loBe a sovereign, or a number of these, without a pang or making any great noiss over the Iosb, hut when it comes to the los3 of a treasured old umbrella, or a naples3 hat, or shabby old coat, which might not bring half a crown they usually create an uproar as great as if a kingdom had been snatched from them. He was an exception, and the oddity of the cir cumstance excited my suspicion. But no amount of thought or conjecture on my part could suggesta reason for his singular conduct, If the recovery of the coat had been to convict him of theft I should have understood him thoroughly, but the fact was that on the re covery of that coat J depended his exoneration from felonious intention on the taking of the garment, And yet he appeared wishful that it might never be recovered. It Was the desire to fathom this mystery which excited me to unusual exeitionB in the case, for of all rob beries a hotel one iB the most difficult.' to trace and the least likely to be brought home to the doer. So many persons are permitted to go through a hotel free and unquestioned, the rooms are so often left open and unguarded, and the visitors bo seldom known to each other that thieves of the burglar order may hobnob with their victim, shake hands with him, and disappear with his valuables without suspicion being for a moment excited, Here the robbery was a peculiar one and the stake of no great value, and I looked for the thief among a lower class. It seemed to me a mere pothouse theft, such as any needy sot might commit when in the horrors. Only one coat had been taken, and nothing had been missed from the pockets of the otherB, If Milton had not appeared so startled and concerned on discovering the the mistake I should have suspected that for some reason kno wn'only to himself he had stolen his own coat, But his alarm had been too great to be assumed, and his after indiffer ence merely suggested that he suspected who the thief was and wished to Bcreen him. It would have been easy for him to have put on both coats—one above the other—and so walked off unchallenged; but his consternation and that wild rnmmage in the pockets in my pre sence were all against that, He had lo3t some thing with the coat, and now had either ceased to value that thing or did not wish to see it again, A very searching investigation made it pretty clear, that the coat had not been taken by any of the visitors living in the hotel, The supper room and disrobing-room were both on the second storey of the hotel, and that made it improbable that any wandering thief or beggar had gone up from the street and committed the theft, There remained, then, only the ser vants. I had already gone over them and their possessions without success, They were all anxious that the thief should be discovered; but not one of them could give the faiuteat clue to his person. While passing out of tua lobby of the hotel one day a man went out im mediately before me bearing on hi3 shoulders a big trunk belonging to one of the visitors. He appsared to be a kind of under boots, but it was neither hia face nor his dress which attracted my -attention—it waa one powerful whiff of his breath. Ugh ! I thiak I smell it now—whisky and raw onions!—is nearly knocked me down. "Who's that man carrying the trunk?"' I said to one of the waiters, when the evil smelling one was out in the street pushing the trunk on to the dicky of the waiting cab, "Oh, that's Matthie Brown, Hehelp3tha boots when we're busy, but he doesn't stay in the hotel. He used to be a clever billiard player, and got good pay as a marker, but he's done now," I took a good look at Matthie, and saw that one corner of his cunning eye was favoring me with a like compliment, Matthie vm the only servant about the place whom I had not seen or questioned, and now that I had Been him I felt disinclined to begin, • The smell of his breath had something to do with it, but the cunning written in every feature had more; If Matthie was the thief it would be no easy taBk to catch him napping, and the difficulty would only be increased by ma letting him know that he was suspected, I thereforepasBedoutwithoutgiving him another look, carefully keeping to the windward side of him, When I got to the Central the stolen coat was placed before me. It had been re covered that morniner in one of Eh a mwn. brokers' shops, not an hour after it had bean pledged. There was one of ourprIntedflim3ie3 in the place staring in the face of the boy who took in the coat, yet he gave three halfcrowns to the pawner, and never noticed till the police called that he had made a mistake. The coat had a patch in the lining at th9 left side, and bore the name of the maker on the suspension band inside the neck, and in every other particular answered the description of Milton, the bookseller. So confident was I of the identity of the article that I Bent down word to him that we had got his coat, and would like him to call and look at it, Ha came, and the coat was held up to view; but almoBt before he had looked at it he hurriedly said— " No, I'm sorry to say that isn't my coat." " What? Look at the patch—look at the name stamped on the band," I exclaimed, " Take it in your hands. It must be yours." He took the coat in his hands, eyeing ma Btealthily the while, but after a look over the inside and out he handed it back, declaring more emphatically than before that it was not his coat. "You have not looked into the pockets," I suggested innocently enough, He flushed crimson, and in great confusion said that that was unnecessary seeing that the coat was not hiB property, I began to get angry, "Do you know what wiil be the result if we do hot fiud your coat? You will be tried for Btealing Snider's—tried like a common thief." He winced palpably, but in the end an? swered that he could not help it. I sent him away and had up the tailor, who at ones iden tified the coat as that which he had both made and mended for Milton, I had already searched the pookets. of the coat and found them empty. In my own mind I bad not the faintest doubt that the coat was Milton's, but a scrap of paper bearing his name, or any article which could have been sworn to as bis, would have helped us considerably, I next turned to the pawnbroker's assis tant, hopeful of bringing the coat home to Milton from the other end, The lad was not so dull as I had expected, and it turned out that he had been unusually busy at the time when the topcoat was offered, owing to another of the assistants being away ill, The man who bad pawned the coat took it off hi3 baok and emelled strongly of drink, There was no smell of onions mingled with that of whisky, and the description did not fit on well to Matthie Brown, but I thought proper to take the lad over to the hotel and give him a look at the under boots without that worthy being „ aware of the honor he was receiving As I bad expected Mattbie was not the pawner of the coat, who waB taller and red-haired, Matthie's hair waB a faded black, very rusty and ragged, and not much of it, Like the man, it appeared to be all but used up. We had some difficulty in getting a sight of Mattbie, aud when we did see him it was only for a moment or two, as he appeared to be in a hurry to go somewhere. He passed out of the hotel and I followed, dismissing the pawnbroker lad at the entrance, and strolling after Matthie with no particular object in view. Matthie, as I had expected, went firat to a public-house in Rose street, where he had a glass of whisky with a man already on the premises, but what I had not expected was to find that the man was red haired and taller than Matthie I was sorry I-had dismissed the pawnbroker's lad so soon, but it is impossible to anticipate everything. When Matthie had finished his whisky, which was paid for by the red-haired man, he left the place and went to Milton's bookshop. I followed him to the placs and saw him enter, Milton was in the front shop alone, and Matthie addressed him a low tone. The result was a violent Btart of the bookseller and a hot \- altercation between the two. I could not 'hear much that was spoken, but I understood ■ Milton to be. threatening Matthie with th* police and all the terrors of prison, to all o ; which Matthie replied with the greatest so:re. and levit-/, and with counter threats, the nature o't which I could not divine. They could r^tcomo to an agreement, and at length rd&tt;^e retired, threatening volubly. U.Oonly took balf-an-hour'a walk through ^P'4^seete, however, and returned to the charge. time an assistant answered him, and told fcfSi that Milton had gone home to dinner, 3&atthie; was delighted to hear it, and gravely stated that he had been invited to dine with the bookseller, but had forgotten the address. Then he went away to keep his appointment. The house was a half flat in Pitt- street, and Milton lived there with biB wife and a grown up family, moBtly daughters. Matthie ascended the stair, rang the bell, and was admitted. Ab soon a3 the door was closed I went up and waited a few steps higher up in hope that they might come out and say a little before parting. I was not disap pointed. They came out talking in an ap parently friendly tone, and then Milton drew to the door after him, as if anxious not to be overheard from within. A moment later Matthie uttered a terrible cry, and was writhing and struggling in the grasp of the bookseller, who had throttled him back against the wall with one hand, while with other he struggled to tear open the breast pocket of Matthie'a coat. The sight of my face seemed to appal both, for they separated as by magic. I collared Matthie as the more slippery customer, and having shaken him into Mb senses a little, aBkedwhat was wrong. "Thathanged rascal was trying to murder and rob me," be said; feeling the region of hi3 breast pocket apprehensively. I heard the crackle of papers under bis touch, and kindly relieved his hands of further labor by putting on a pair of handcufis. Matthie glared at the bookseller aB if he could have eaten him alive. " You said you would do it, and you have done it!" he cried, with a hot blast of his vile breath, [which nearly turned me inside out. " And ycu know what I said I would do! Mr. McGovan, put your hand in my pocket and ycull get three letters. They are from Miss Minnie Millington, the actresB, to him; and I confess that I found them in the pocket of his overcoat, and offered him them hack for a fair price. I know he told you all about it, but it's my turn now. JuBt you ring that bell and invite us all into the hoiiBe while yon read them letters to his wife and lady daughters." 1 obeyed Matthie only so far as to take from his breast pocket the three letters in question. Some would call them love letters, but I should consider that a prostitution of the sacred word. They were strong enough, however; and were signed by the writer, though unfortu nately they were only addressed to Harold with s string of adjectives before the name. They revealed so much that I could not think of following Matthie'a advice, and I merely asked Milton to accompany ub to the Central. We got a cab at Heriot-row and drove thither. Matthie frankly confessed to the stealing of the coat and letters. The only part of his story which was palpably fictitious was where he declared he bad pawned the coat, I refreshed his memory on that point an hour or two later by bringing from Rose-street Mb drinking companion with the red hair, and getting the pawnbroker's lad to identify the man as the pawner of the coat. Driven into a corner, Milton now Eaid that the recovered coat might be his, but denied all knowledge of- the letters. They had never been in his possession; they had never been addressed to himj and though he had some slight acquaintance with an actress \- of that name, their relations were not of such a warm nature aB that indicated in the letters. & This statement was listened to in silence. Matthie was locked up, charged on his own confession with stealing a topcoat and three letters. Milton protested strongly against the three letters being included in the charge, but was sharply told after throwing so many obstacles in our way he might be thankful that he was not locked up along with Matthie, Thus Bilenced Milton retired, and as the case was to come on at the police court next morning he went home, and considerably astonished his wife and family by asking them to take a trip to Loudon tc§ visit Eome relatives, and to be ready to start with the first train in the morning. What answers he made to their astonished exclamations I cannot tell, but he succeeded in getting them away, and also in hasten ing the departure of the favorite actress, but there is always some kind friend going about wishing to make everybody happy, and two mornings after their arrival in Lon don Mrs. Milton received a newspaper by post with a police report carefully marked m pencil. That report, which extended to a column and a half of the paper, first sent her into hysterics and then taa- k to Scotland as fast as the ex press could carry her. Milton was in his shop when she arrived, end when she left he had few hairs in his head aud scarcely any flesh c-n Mb face. There was some talk of a divorce, but the matter was hushed up,' and Milton is now a changed man, very pious, and a determined foe to theatres. Matthie for bis part of the work got thirty days' imprison-_ scent, while his red-haired friend kept him company for a third of the time. The title of the detective story for next Saturday's issue is THE BLACK CRUCIFIX, 