BEOADBRllTS IUK£ JLEITER. t < , * i * . ii qEV mail or worsan sviuooses thai snirits tsllzja was knocked out when ?£.« sent Jlaciae Dh -Debar to rasticat-e on Black weU's Island for six months, accompanied by her spiritual affinity the General, let aim or her disabusetbeir xnnocsat minds of any such foolishness: for we have just discovered another Tntgh spiritual pnes:ess and temple of spook philosophy and revelation. and the sensation, hsa cses enongh to keep 2Sew y cri^ and Brooklyn all of a twitter for the week. It is all nonsense to cry oat fraud, h'ambug. lunatic, etc., etc., etc.; all of these people appear sane enough and talk sensibly enough, bat they do things that would make your hair stand on end like quills upon the fretful porcuDine. / ilr. Carroll is a successful stationer, and 3Irs. Sticker, tie spiritual goddess, is not a fool by a long shot, She knows a h&vrk; from a handsaw, and several othef things beside. Then she k only thirty With f.ii efe like? a bLick diamond and ?. cheek like a blcwming peach: Kg wonder that Mr; Carroll was magnetised. 5tr. Carroll was getting along towards the sixties 2nd lir: Carroll waa not fa- behind liim when theylost their only son, a young man aged about twenty-eight, who, petted and pampered and supplied with plenty of money by his foolish parents, had ex hausted the world and its pleasures, and com pletely used up and blase, died a few years after he had attained his majority. Of course the blow was a terrible one to both of his parents, and under the dreadful strain the n'.othtfcompletely brdke doivn; Mrs.Strykerj whose irienEal telephone extended into spook doni; rnei Mn CjarrpU a fev days after his tereavenient ana ihroriheS MS tb*it *he sayr the spirit of his boy sitting on the top of his head. This so delighted Mr. Carroll that he was not exactly sure if he was standing on his head or his heels ; but he got Mrs. Stryker immediately to interne# th£ ghost; She told the father that the young man was enjoying himself hugely in kingdom come ; that he had his dogs and his guns, hishorse and his yacht, and. moreover, a young spiritual divinity named Bright Eyes was paying him marked attention ; and in short, he was getting along as comfortably as anyyoung man could be ex pected under the circumstances. The bereaved and doting father was delighted to hear it; he declared that nothing was too good for "ClifL" Prom this time oat3Ir. Carroll appeara to hare devoted himself to Mrs. Stiyker. Mrs. Stryker removed from her humble apartments in Brooklyn to elegant quarters in Xew York ; her "house became a marked spiritual centre ; seances "ere held every day and every night, and shekels rolled in bv the bag fufl. Five dol lars a pop for communications with the lost husbands or departed wives : and weep ing widows vhd -wanted to know vhat their future chances were in the matrimonial market, were expected to come down an extra two dollars and a half. A year passed by. and Mrs. Stiyker said that "*Clifi" (that was thejson) was going to be married to Bright tye3 ; this met with the old gentle man's hearty approval, as he had discovered himself, although he was sixty, thai it is not good for man to be alone. When Mrs. Car rol found oat that Mr. Carroll was devoting too much attention to Mra. Stiyker, and that while Mrs. Stryker was cutting around with Lyons silk and three-piled velvet, she wa3 having a hard time. Thereupon Mrs. Cafroll got her mad up and kicked up a lively shindy: She made ifc exceedingly warm for Carroll and somewhat lively for Mrs. Stryker, but Carroll was equal to the occasion. The spirits informed him, his wife was crazy as a loon ; he forthwith summoned a couple of physicians and they interviewed the distracted wife, and two dr.ys after she was dragged out of her house and shut up in alunatic asylum. Mr. C.irroll then moved to Mis. -Stryker's house, and as the wedding of his son with Bright Eyes approached, hegotupmagnificent wedding invitations and sent them to all his friends. The house was a bower of flowers, a spiritual clergyman was found to tie the ctlestial kuot, a couple of empty chairs, wreathed in roses, were supposed to contain Cliff and Bright Eyes; all the company passed the chairs bowingtothe unseen spooks, and the affair wound up with a magnificent supper severity-five guests sat down to table, and the spiritual wedding wound Tip in a blaze of glory. After a time Mra. Stryker announced that a son had. been born to Bright Eyes and Cliff. Mr. Carroll was ready to stand" on his head he was a grandfather ; and the priestess an nounced that the child would be baptized in the middle of the Falls of Niagara. Sir. Carroll hired a special train and carried up a party of a hundred spiritual friends to witness the cereirony. Down they went to the Horse shoe Fall ; no one but Mis. Stryker saw the spooks, but she saw them as plain as a pike staff. Meanwhile poor Mrs. Carroll was fast behind prison bars in a lunatic asylum, and no spooks were trying to help her out, though Mr. Carroll was spending her money like water. Opinionsaredivided as they wereln thecase of O'Delia. Some swear that Mrs. Stiyker is a true medium, having a double-actioned tele phonic communication with the other side of Jordon ; and many more, equally profound, declare she is a fraud of the first water and oughtto be sentto the penitentiary. One thine is certain, Mr. Carroll believes in her as firmly as Luther Marsh did in Ann O'Delia Dis Debar. Luther Marsh i3 not cured yet, and the best thing now to do would be to have the four of them go into partnership. They would make a spirit team* that would make Rome howl. This, good people, is in the great city of New York in the month of Januarv, 1389. We are wont to make fun of our "Puritan ancestors, andto deridetheirbelief in witches, andprideourselveson oursuperior intelligence in this year of grace, and yet at that spiritual wedding and baptism were doctors, lawyers and rich merchants taking an active part in the ceremony, and when Madame Blavatzky gets back here, which she willshortly, the high priestess of Theosophy will have scores of men and women in her train among the most gifted and intellectual of the land. Few men of the century more gifted than Laurence Oliphant, a gentleman and an accomplished scholar, yet he knelt at her feet like a spaniel, and died believing in her as. a goddess. There are plenty of spiritualists here, men and women of the most unquestioned intelli gence and honour, who deprecate the vagaries of these so-called spiritual prophet?. Jud^e Daily, Mr. Tice, Mr. Keddle, for many years superintendent of our public schools, and many others equalty- prominent, but they are still unshaken in tbeirspiriiual belief, and we may as well make up our minds that spiritual ism has come to stay. That I ain't believe in it may possibly be nothing to my credit, but I can't. I am, unfortunately, constituted like Thomas the apostle. I should want to put un hand in the wound, and even then I should be apt to d:strust the evidence of mv senses rather than believe in any supernatural tiling. But New York ofi'ersa very iine field for enterprising mediums. The cr-ip of fools is bountiful. Let them come and reap the harvest. The end of a romance came suddenly this week whose opening I watched with interest twenty-five years ago. It was in thespring of 1863 when a well to do friend oi mine rushed into my house, Ins face all beaming with smiles, and informed me that a hoy baby had been left the night beforeunon his'dc-ov-step. Tiie gentleman had no children of his own.so he recommended his wife to adopt it. which she did. Years rolled on and the" child ltow apace, handsome, bright, intelligent, affection ! ate, and all that, a son should be to his parents. The secret of liig birth had been carefully c.--:n-eai;-a he had; . ~' -r.i bi= 5=1: i hisad-ptt-m5 r.e.'.r: s-s reir as such a5=cti- r. 7 h:::: r-5 ;f he Lsa z-azi her own sesh and b: The family rstn-.>Tcd to San F raselsoc. ≻ J a e ad ?ptc-d fati&r.;-: child died. The h-_-nd b.-t^eo" mother and son was thereafter eves closer than i: TTZS before, her perfectly satisfied in his mother's lore, and she. leaning upon the son as the stai? of her old age. Business being rather , call in California at the dice, ana the mother in her sorrow and loneliness longing for the scenes of her early, home, she sent on her son in advance :o see "what chance there was for establishing iuEseif in 2^-* "^Onhis arrirai in the eiry he called an a2 o!d friend of hi? mother's; for counsel and ,-dTlce. aiiS tnerestfer made his friend's 62ce, which was on Broadway, his head quarters while looking aboat the city.- One ; day a ladf: cljjscly veiled and. apparently ex cited: chti-rp.:- th; ht^ce shi inquired for the young man, but he was not in. " ens SilW again twice with a like result. At last an ap pointment was made and she requested an interview in private. Shethen informed his that she ^as his real mother and that the man wHdsd he cSied father,-was hi? fathfer-?-that it *-?« lip on Hii riduest He was left upc-ii his" doorstep; and feeling that the safety of her child, was assured." she hid her shame as best she could." after , years she married a wealthy faiaaer on Longlsland and was then the mother of Sve. children. After creaking this terrible intelligence to him she wanted to embrace him. but he cast her from and rushed from the room as she -fell fainting on the floor. She = >on departed to return no more, and the young man, whose life had been blasted, wandered about like a maniac. He re turned to San Francisco, but hi; mother was no longer his mother, the old love was dead in his heart ; the strain was too much for her, and three weeks after they l.iid her to rest on the bleak side of Lone Mountain. Last week the fatal drama closed in the upper room oi one of the cheap hotels. Young G. was discovered dead : a 32-calibre pistol told the storr of his taking off- and so the curiam falls on another 2»cw Turk tragedy Truly Tonr3. ; BROADBRIM. 