LAURA ETIISEDGE, ; Even for their sake it were well that" such a moral leper were swept from the face of the earth, lest the very relation ship should contaminate them. ' Were I in your place, I should deliver that. monster up to justice with less compuinction than I should, kill a venomous serpent. I should do it to save my children from the fatal infection of his presence and ex ample.. I should consider my mothler duty the most sacred on earth. Oh I it is a lamentable weakness in any women to shield a worthless and depraved man at the risk of perpetuating an evil example to her innocent children. And, Mrs. Russel I think that I shall be doing you and them a good service in bringing this incorrigible criminal to justice,' said this severe young Nemesis, who was beginning to lose patience at the maudlin weakness of lieart betrayed by poor Ruth Russel. 'Ah ! but you don't know. You haven't been tried in such a way. .Besides if ever you were to talk with him you you would not think so, ill of him,' said the meek little woman,. '.I am very sorry for you. ":Ido not willingly wound you, only I would be 'gla to see: you with a clearer moral vision, and a .greater moral strength,' replied Laura, gently.' ' . 'I do not complain. And .now, Miss Elmer, you will' at least breakfast before you go ?' 'Yes; thank you.' ' And' when shall I order: a cab ?' 'In one hour, if you please, Mrs. Russel.' . , The landlady left the room to fulfil these directions,'and immediately after break fast Miss Elmer went out in a cab to procure new lodgings. Her circumstances did not permit her to be fastidous. She secured the most eligible lodgings to be found nearest to Newgate, and into them she removed in the course of the same forenoon. She sent her new address to Doctor .Clark, with a request that he would call upon her at his earliest convenience. And the good doctor, astonished at the change of quarters, for which he could not account called on her in the afternoon. He found Miss Elmer busily writing at the central table of her gloomy sitting room. She arose to meet him, saying- '*This is very, very kind, Doctor Clark. You find me making minutes oft ' chain of evidence, or rather of probabilities which I wish to submit to you. I feel convinced that I have got the clue to the real murderer 'of Sir Vincent.' 'Indeed!' excliaimed the doctor, in amazement.' 'Let me hear !' Miss Elmer immediately related all the circumstances of her fragmentary acquain. tance with Sir Vincent Lester's protegee, Helen Ravenscroft; the mysterious stranger that waylaid and followed her carriage; the midnight interview, and angry words that passed between this stranger and the baronet upon the occa sion when she accidentally discovered them together; and finally, the conversit tion that had recently passed between herself and poor Ruth Russel, in which she was enabled to put certain disjointed incidents together and identify the .mys-j terious 'light-haired man" .with:..:the notorious criminal, Thugsen, who had fled from justice years before. ' Now deep inr my heart is the convic tiol' that this man and no other was the assassin of the unfortunate baronet,' coni eluded Laura.'r 'Good 'Heaven I and yet you do not know the, circumstance that makes that' the most probable thing in the world ?' exclaimed the doctor. Laura looked up full of interest. ' That criminal fled from trial, and Sir Vincent Lester was the principal witness against him; indeej, without the testi mony of the baronet I doubt if. it would have been possible to convict him,' said the doctonr " ' 'And there is the motive established at once for the assassination 1' exclaim'ed Laura, with increasing excitement.'' 'Yes, ,the very strongest motive that can possibly actuate human nature--.tlat of self-preservation.' 'Oh, then, let us go at once to some magistrate andlodge this informaatiosi, procure a warrant for the arrest of this man, and, if possible, an order for the liberation.of Mr. Cassinove.' The. doctor *smiled compassionately, saying ' Ladies know but little of the formulas of law, my dear Miss Elmer, else you would be aware that fhoughli we may pro, cure a warrant for the arrest of this man, we cannot possibly procure the liberation of young Cassinove. Having been duly committed to prison to answer the charge of murder, he must remain a prisoner until his trial shall have ended in his acquittal for-' The doctor left the other words un spoken. ' 'Oh ! but that 'is very hard I' said Laura. 'It is; and L must remind you of another set of circumstances, namely, th:at the evidence against Ferdinand Cassinove, whom we believe to be innocent, is much strongeir than that against the man whbri we believe to be the assassin of Sir Vincent. Indeed, I doubt whether you have any evidence to' .give that would justify any magistrate in issuing a warrant for arresting theman up6n the charge of having murdered Sir Vinceht Lester. If a warrant should be issued for his arrest at all, it will probably be upon the old charge. But'we can soon satisfy ourselves. We will repair at once to a magistrate, and lodge the information we possess. I' will- wait while you put on, your bonnet." ' Laura Elmer did niit keeli the good doctor waiting five minutes, but went into the adjoining chamber," and in; a; few seconds returned, shaw!ed, bonnetted, and gloved for the expedition, The doctor handed her into his dariiage, and thiey set out for Bow-street. : Arrived there, they had to wait some. time before the magistrate was at leisure to attend to them; and when at.length 1ie was disengaged, the doctor requested that the oflice might be cleared, as the infor mation he had to give ha:d best be given inprivate. The character and position of Doctor Clark insured a prompt attention to his request. When the office was cleared of all except the magistrate, his clerk, the doctor, and Miss Eslmer, the latter 'advanced, and being sworn, mads her statement. Now everything, even re motely connected with the tragedy of Lester House, was of the utmost interest to the authorities. Miiss Elmer's stat:e ment received a candid and attentive hearing, aud the miagistrate thought the information ofsuflicient importance to justify him in issuing a warrant for the apprehension of the accused. Miss Elmer and D)octor Clark had the satisfaction of seeing this warrant placed in the hands of an experienced officer before leaving the magistrate's office. From Bow.street they repaired to New yate to comfort the prisoner there with the intelligence of the clue they had ob tained to the real assassin. Meantime, the officer with the warrant sought the accused first of all.at the cot tage of his wife in Chelsea; hbut Ruth Russel and her children had flitted with all their luggage, nor could ariyone tell whither they had gone, Nor could the unfortunate Helen Ravenscroft .be found. She had disappeared in the confusion that ensued upon the discovery of the murder of the baronet. CHAPTER XXvIII. FRor gloom'to glare; from the prisoner's cell at Newgate to the drawing-room at Beresleigh House. Beresleigh House was one blaze of light. Crowds of carriiiiges blocked the way for som'e' distance up and. down the street before the front of the mansion. The occasion was this:--The younig Duke.and Duchess of :Beresleigh had re turned.- from their bridal tour, and were receiving their friends' dear five hundred friends' at home.' ... . 'r'he diraiving:roboms, su?erbly furnished, artistically adorned, and brilliaritly lighted, were filled with the tbeaiuty, fashion; and celebrity of London:. At one end the young duchess, tlhe beautiful and happy bride, stood to receive her guests: the lovliest' where many :were lovely. Her dress was arranged witlh: her usual artistic taste. It consisted.of a full lace robe, light as -a gossamer, worn over a rose- colored:silk, delihate tbiush roses in her hiir,'and pearl ornaments on her neck and arms. Never had Rose been happier than uponthis evenihg,' though even now she was not perfectly happy. We: are never any of us so at any mdmerit of.our lives. The brightest sunshine casts tihe darkest shadows. The shade df Rose's light was the thought of Ferdinand Cas sinove pining in his prison cell, and of Laura Elmer sorrowing in her gloomy lodgings. But the heart otf Rose was full of hope; she had great confidence in the innocence of Cassinove, and great faitlh in 'Providlence; she was doing, and she meant to do, all in her power to serve Cassinove; and she hdiains her own heart not a single doubt either ot the perfect 'rectitude of the young prisoner, or his final acquittal and full exoneration from suspicion. Therefore she put away isl pensiveness; turned' her back upon the' shadow and faced the sunshine; dispensed her ssmiles with equal .si cerity and affabihlty; ' and even, at length,i joined the dance.: It' was while she was still dancing that'she noticed her own especial footman lingering near the door, as if anxious, yet afraid,'to enter. Sei::Seing this, and surmising that he might be the bearer of some noted' from Laura Elmer, she took the earliest oppor tu'nity, when the dance was over, to move towards the door, and beckon the man to her side. : : " : ' He came in, and drawing near, said S'I beg pardon, your grace,.but there is a person below who is very"urgerit 'to see you upon the most important business;' A person ? What sort of a person, Miller ?' 'A gentlemanly individulal your grace.i ' And whait is'his btisines ?' ., 'He says he'can communicate it to;no one but your grace.' . 'Oh, it is probably'one'ofthe' HIstings i You know Colonel and Mr. Hastings, Mlillei" ? -If the' ,isitor be either of those gentlemen, say that I decline to receive' him.' ' , .": :' " :,, ' Your-grace, heis iseitheri Colonel nor Mli..I Hastings. He is ai perfect stranger, whom .1 never saw at the house before. He is very urgent to see' y;ourgrace.' Well, show him into the library, Miller,' and say that 1 will see him there in a few minutes.' ' Yes, your .grace,' Isaid the servant, bowing, and retiring.' 'And the'yoisng duchess, moretharn ever convinced ' that -the ' gentlemanly indi vidial'aP below!must be a messenger from Laura Elmer, pirepalred to . give , him audience. . " She crossed the room to the place vwhere' the 'Dowager Duchess of Beres leigh, gloying in crimspn yelvet, sparkling in dihmonds and nodding in white ostrich-pluinmes, stood the admiring,:and admired centre.6cifa circle of literary 'ihd political lions, artists, authors, orators, and actors. Nocelebrity in any order of art, science,' or literature came amiss to her. *Rose floated gracefully. to her side, saying .'Mamma'. (as the motherless young creature delighted to call her beloved mother-in-law), 'mamma, there is a person in the library waiting to see me; I thinik, I am'almost sure,'that he comes from Mr. Cassinove or Miss Elmer.' 'Ab h! poor, unhappy Miss Elmer II wish she were here to-night I Why are people of genius always so unfortunate?' exclaimed the dachess. ?I do not know,' said' Rose, sirhply, ' but, mamma, .I suppose I may withdraw from the room :for awhile.'nd see this person without impropriety? ' Assuredly, my love; see him by all means. Ah, poor Miss Elmer,'sighed the dowager, sincerely, as 'she tiirned"igain towards her circle, 'she is one .of the noblest among womnen,, mydeir: Lady Morgan I one of' the natuiral, queens' of society, Mr. Kemble I But she has had terrible vicissitudes,: Howe.er, you Ill know her story; it was 'made publicin the celebrated Swinburne case', decided a year ago by theHouse of Loids"',which gaive me the sweetesi little' daughter-in-law in the world.' . Thus the 'duchess dowager'to her friends, ·~ . o;····;- ~·. I :i·,i · · · · i Meanwhile Rose 'floated gracefully away on her errand of benevolence. She entered :the libraiy,mwhich was lighted'b ut blyjone dhaiidLelier hanging from the ceiling over thie central table. At ihis table st'bood a' riather "shabby genteel'-L looking man; with his back:turned, ahd his hinds in his liockets. Rose, kindly: wislsig' to 'ptit this in poverished-lookiiing gentleman, at his ease, advanced towards him, speaking pleasantly' aind saying- :.: 'You have come to mie fron Miss Elmer or Mr. Cassisove ? Pray take a seat,' sir.' i No madam, I have not. come froimrli! Cassinove or Miss Elmer, said the visitdr' in a singularly sweet aund clear voice, .as he turned around and bowed deeply' to the young duchess, .: Rose then saw before her a fine-looking man, with a tall and graceful 'figure,' a stately head, well covered with glossy, light yellow. hair, that waved around a' forehead broad, white, and open' as" that of boyhood; delicately-arched eyebrows, dclear, gentle, blue eyes,straighit: nosettill linely-curved lips, all blended' into a charming expression of kindliness, and gay good humour; ,: 'i :,;" ?' . SAs thcyoungduchess looked up at this facd smiling sweetly down tion, hers, heir own countenance went throSugh many rapid changes ; first ' a vagi~esurprise, then a fearul suspicion, lastly, a horrified re cognition, as with that cry of anguish we all utter in our extremity. ' Oh, my God !' She threw her hands up to her face, reeled ?ack, and sank :upon the sofa. The visitor deliberately crossed the room, folded his arms over his broad chest, and standing-before her, said SMy sudden appearance has startled you, madam the duchess l Your grace scarcely expected to see me here !' There are shocks so great that they kill the weak and stun the strong into a state resembling calmnness. This was such an one to the young duchess. It did not crush-it calmed her. Though pale as death, she quietly motioned her strange visitor to a seat, and when he had taken it,.said- ',In the name of Heaven, have you re turned from the grave to ruin me ?' 'No, mine own; I have returned only froin the Continent. I am no ghost, but solid flesh and blood, as I can soon, con vince you,' said the visitor, gaily, iising,{ and holding out his arms, as if to embrace her: 'Stop I no.nearer, on your life and soull' said Rose, extending her hand ins a forbidding gesture, and speaking in a deep, stern voice thatsounded strangely and fear fully, from.those bloodless lips. -Ien sank back in his chair, regarding her ivith wonder and curiosity. ' In the name of Heaven, I adjure you to tell me-why did you give out a report of your own death ? why have you absen ted yourself so many years ? and why have you returned now ?' ' Ha! ha ! ha I' laughed the stranger, throwing himself back in his chair, 'this is a pretty reception to give me after a four years' absence.' ' Once more I adjure you, by the right eous Judge of quick and dead, tell me shy you have practised this long and fatal deception r' 'Sweet partner of all my joys and sor rows, I do not know that I have any right tackeep the secret from you.., I.wtll2tell youf, then. I fled, as you know, from a criminal charge of a monstrous nature, and of which.it. would have been'very difficult to.prove- my innocence. I in geniously spread the report of my own death to stop pursuit, and obtain-obliv ion. After four years' absence, when I supposed myself to be forgotten, I returned to England-can you guess why?--to see my beloved Rose. And where do you suppose I ,first saw her ?' - asked: the stringer,. pahsing, and -looking fixedly in the pallid face of the young duchess. .'Go-on,' were the only words' that escaped lier bloodless lips. 'I found her at midnight on Hounslow Heath, in the hands bffootpads.'- - SYou siere--Z-' Rose gasped and stopped.. - - ' I was the conimpanion of the man':cal ling himself Colonel MR'Carthy, in your rescue. 'Then,, if. you recognised, me. there, why did you not make yourself kniown to me? It would have prevented all this utter ruin.' .:' Because it did not suit my c·ircum stances todo so. My return to Englanid was an experiment.. It remained yet to be tried whether I should be remembered and pursuedd Besides, as soon as I recog nised in our intended victim my own, Ilos;l 1 :?vished to deliver her from the power of my colleague, M'Carthy, a pur pose that I could only effect. by the iut most secrecy and caution.' . , ". i'i?p'ain yourself.' X ~shYou must have already surmised that the whole affair of the attack upon.,yoir dcarriage, your rescue by Colonel M'Carthy and myself, and your refuge at Howlet's Close was all a preconcerted arrangement, planned by M'Carthy, alias M'Somebody else, to throw you into the power dfa' cer tainrillustrious personage, whose nanie was not to be mentioned in the affair; and who, I suppose, never authorised it.' 'Oh, 'IHeaven, what a pandemonium is this town! what demons are in it!' rmuttered Rose, in horror. '? ?Very'rue, my love; but you are un wise to:disturb yourself about them.' To res?ume. You. 'were taken to the country lioisse miscalled -Howlet's .Close. You weyie shown to your'chamber, but forith. niitely did not retire to bied., A man in,a mask came out froni'his concealmenot.in the dark closet; bis purpose was honest, and though he unwillingly gave you a des perate fright, he bbre you away from a hldblse of danger,1 and he would have borise yT? to one of sa(ety, had not your own oitbiries and thih tintimelv, arrival of the Du.ke 'of Beresleigh prevented his lasud able purpose, and made' it necessary for him tobeat.a speedy retreat. You have already recognised in your deliverer from that house of danger-myself l' ''G.o on I 'Why did you not claim me then:arind there, before I rushed, dragging down all I love, to this horrible pit ot per ditioi ?'exclaimed Rose, in despair. ' Because, my love, as I repeat, my cir cumstances did not permit me to do so. I darednot alienate'my friend at couit by letting him know thatI had freed the bird I hadiengaged to help him to entrap. And I dared not let the authorities discover my tetuirn to England. I was forced to use caution and'secrecy in all that I did. ,You se're delivered from my honest custody by the hands of the Duke of Beresleigh. And the next news I heard of you was thean nounce esnt of y'our betrothal to his grace:' ':~Oh; in'! man I why did you not then, at least, come forward and prevent the consummation of such a horrible misfortune !?' ,,':Because my dear, the principle of self sacrifice was never' a considerable element ihijtn ycaracter. .The necessity of secrecy and scIiation had increased tenfold. It wvas while lying pcidu after the night's advr?itre;, I ascertained beyond all doubt theie'ict tliat I htid been recognised, and bthat: the.police were in search of me. Yo?-seeI, durst not discover myself to one even so'dear as you.' I,''Tiben in the name of heaven, why do you appear, to blast me with your presence now ?' cried Rose, in horror. SBecause the necessity of concealm'ent no.longer exists. Because my "enemy my prosecutor-no longer lives; he is diead --dead and d--d,' exclaimed the stranger, iiin a tone of intense hatred, as a demoniac glare flashed like lurid lightning athwart the calmness of his countenantce. 'And because,' hie added, emphatically, 'Iwant you for myself.' 'rlhe"youing duchess shuddering, hid hlr ace in both her hands, without replying' '.Come, ,Rose,' he continued, with.his usual composure, 'if you did not owe me fidi'lity and affection,' you do owe me at least some gratitude for.my deliverance of you from that hotise that you could scarcely have left without my aid, E-ven his grace the duke could not have dis covered' your retreat, or rescued you from that well-chosen hiding-place. Come, Rose, you have given me a very cold re ception; but when I assure you that I ami willing to forgive this marriage of youts with thie duke, and provide for your flight with me to the Continent-if you will consent to be mine- ' 'Wretch; cease your insults. I will hear no more i' cried Rose, shivering with disgust. 'Come, Rose, this is carrying matters with rather too high a hand. You know that you are in my power-soul and bodyl you are mine.' 'No, by the blue heavens above ust not so fallen as that. I am not yours, thank God!' 'What I do you forget the little transac tion at the village church at Swinburne four years ago? By that I will claim you as my own.' ' I forget nothing; least 'ol all a later fact that I should ever remember, namely, that I am the most unworthy wife of one as high above you as Heaven is above Hades-so high above you that he should not even be named in your presence. To him, my noble husband, will I go-to him will I confess all, as I should have done before ourmarriage, would he have consen ted to hear me-he only, my husband, shall be my judge. I will commit my cause to him, and receive my fate from his own just hands. And, whatever that 'fate may be, I shall know it to be righteous, coming from him:; and, whatever :it may be, though the Duke of Beresleigh may banish this poor Rose for ever 'from his sight-look yoti, sir !--vou, at least, shall never see her again. The monstrous and unnatural crime that has made ysu hate ful to all mankind has made you loath some to me.' 'Madam, you will sing another song, before the play is over I 'Your threats are vain ! Do not mis iudge me by the consternation into which your first unexpected appearance threw me I Like an apparition from the grave, you startled me from my self-possession and judgment. You diabolical proposal that I should fly with you to the Conti-. nent has restored me to myselfl shown me that, in suffering your presence and con. versation, I am doing a great wrong. And now, sir I command you to leave the house, said the young duchess, gaining courage at the sound of her own brave words. 'Oh, you believe yourself Duchess' of Beresleigh, no doubt; but I lite to bar your claim to that proud title.' SI may not wear the title'of the Duchess of Beresleigh for another day, but I am still the Baroness Etheridge of Swinburne, and as such, I shall employ all.my wealth and power to rid' society of a monster unfit to infest it I And now, sir, I.lordeir you to leavethis house; for if yods. desd crate this place with your presence one moment longer, I shall send for a polic, man, and. you shall spend this night in custody, whatever to-morrow may bring forth,' said the duchess, rising, and lay ing her head upon the bell-cord. He sprang forward, and with a look, half entreaty, half commaud, arrested her hand, exclaiming 'Rose, you are mad i mad I Pause, and reflect, before you pull down irretrievablt ruin upon you own young head ! Listen, calmly, while I place before you two courses of action, with their certain conse quences. You say that you will go to the duke and tell him all I. You will tell;the haughtiest peer in England of the darlk blot you have brought upon his escutch eon. Do you imagine that he will show you any mercy ? I tell you-men, whether peers or- peasants, never forgive such wrongs ! He will repulse you with loathing and abhorrence, and leave you to your fate I You will be subjected to a degrad ing criminal trial, that must end in cer tain conviction, and all its horrible con sequences-too horrible to think upon I Can you, so young and fair, and so be loved and worshipped, bear a doom so dark with anguish and with ignominy I' Her face grew white and sharp with woe, and thenwith that look still upon it, seemed to turn to marble. Not the sculp tured front of Nemesis could be whiter still, sterner, than her young brow, as she replied SIt may be as you say.: I may sink into this black pit that yawns to receiveme; yet 'if my path of diity leads thither, I will' not swerve to the right or the left, but walk straight to it, as ever a martyr walked i to thenstake !,Iwill fell my husband all, and be shall be my judge.' SYou are frantic.l frantic, I say, Rose l Yet if you have a single ray of reason left, listen while I tell you the brightest results of an opposite course' of "conduct.. Con sent to fly with me to:the Continent. You can quietly collect your money and jewels to-night, steal from the house, and meet me at the corner of the square at three o'clock in the m'orninm. I will have. a carriage in waiting ; we will drive to the office and takethe early coach to Dover, meet the evening boat' .to'Calais and pro ceed to Paris. By so doing you will escape the criminal trial, withall its hor rible consequence. You will have lost only your rank and title of Duchess of Beresleigh, which you must lose in any case; but you will retain your rank and title of Baroness Etheridge, together with the vast revenues of Swinburne. Upon this we can live abroad in elegance and luxury. And I shall be the most exem plary husband that ever devoted himselh to a wife's happiness, and thus- '. Monstrous caitiff ! she exclaimed, 'how dare you titter such words in my presence? were there no question of honour, duty, and self-respect at issue, I still would die here rather than seek safety with such as you ! The discovery, the public exposure, the criminal trial, with all. its terrible consequences, would be welcome, rather than the deeper degrada tion you offer as a refuge.' ' You take high ground, madam; but this one warning I would give your grace -Unless I hear from you to a different purpose to-morrow before noon, you, Rosamond Wardour and Etheridge, Duchess of Beresleighl and Baroness Etheridge of Swinburne-- shall stand before the world a committed felon I' For all answer the young duchess rang the bell. The footman, in waiting without imme diately entered, Miller, show this person to the street door, and if he does not go promptly and quietly, summon a policeman,' said the young duchess. 'Your grace shall hear from me befdore twelve to-morrow I' exclaimed the stranger, crimson with rage, as he followed the toot man from the room. Left alone in the library, Rose sank' upon the sofa, and covering her face with her hands, groaned 'Oh, merciful Saviour of the world, that I could die this moment I that I. could die this moment I But one short hour ago, so exalted, so confident, anrd so happy ! and now, so wretched, so fallen, and so lost I And, oh,' Heaven I how shall I tell the duke I What shall I say to my husband!' The re-entrance of the footman who had attended the stranger to the street door startled her. ' Well, Millet ?' she asked, looking up. 'Please, your grace, the man has gone away quite peaceably,' said the footman. 'Very well. Then go to the duke and say, with my respects, that I request the favour of his presence here in the library, said the duchess. The footman bowed and withdrew to do his errand,. :And the yopung duchess, pale, breathless, trembling, almost dying, awaited the en trance of the duke. CHAPTER XXIX. THE Duke of Beresleigh entered the library with a brisk step, humming a lively, opera tune-the exuberant joy of his heart overflowing in this manner. 'Well, fairest and rosiest of Roses, what are your grace's commands? You have absented yourself long from our friends; there are many inquiries for you. Your untimely visitor has departed, :I presume,' he said, gaily, approaching her. She turned towards him a face white and still as death. 'Rose I good Heaven, RoselI what is the matter? What has happened?' he cried, springing towards her. She held out her hand with an adjuring gestudre that suddenly arrested hIis steps,- He stood still, gazing at her in astonishment for; a moment, and then said--: ' Oh, I see how it Is V This messenger, who I am ledto suppoSe comes from Miss Elmer or Cassinove, brings some distressing news of your young friend or the unhappy prisoner My sweet Rose, you are much too sensitive to be exposed to the necessity of listening to these heartrending tales of distress. I really must interdict it !I Come, tell me what it is, my dearest love, and let me know how I can alleviate the sorrows that touch your gentle heart as if they were your oain,' he said, again drawing near to her. But again she raised her white hand to wave him back, as, in a voice so hollow that he never could have recognized it as lier own, she said ,' Do not touch me Duke of Beresleigh: I A gulf has opened between us deeper and broader than that which divides Heaven and Hades I' 'In the name of mercy, Rose, what do you mean ?' he exclaimed, appalled at her manner. ,I will tell you presently,' she replied, in the same hollow voice, adding, 'you said that your friends above-stairs were in quiring for me ?' ' Yes, dear love. 'Will you please return to the drawing room and say to my- your mother- that I am too much indisposed to be visible again to-night, and beg hier to make my excuses, and to fill my place among my her guests ?' requested Rose, speaking in an unearthly tone, and with an incoherent manner. 'Certainly, my fairest Rose i' said the duke, with a bewildered look, but affec tionate earnestness. 'And then will you please return to me here?' 'Most assuredly, sweet love !' he said, drawing nea ..to embraceher.. : ' Away I away I you must not touch me; there is contagion in my. contact ! she cried wildly. 'Rose !' he exclaimed, in the utmost astonishment. pQh, go and do as I have asked .you l Go,. do as you have promised me-and then come back I For, oh I I hav'e such a story ,to tell you ! I have such a story:to tell you !' she cried, distractedly. S:He hesitated,' looked:at her in alirm, and:made onestep towards her; butther blanched face, her Strained eyes, and her outstretched 'hand, sternly repelled hiti'; and full of astonishment and consterna tion, he turned to obey her, saying . 'Igo, Rose, but shall return in two minutes to hear the explanation of this strange conduct.' 'One word btfore you gbo! Do not alarm the duchess or permit her to come to-me. I could not bear it; I must, see you alone,' she pleaded. '.Certainly,,dear Rose ;.compose your self; try to be calm. This is mosttextra ordinary,', said the duke, as he went'up stairs. . He found the room still full; the com pany, had not even begub to thiin 1. He found his mother.still surrounded by her friends,, and shining like a planettif the centre of its satellites, He,:went up to her, and said, in a low voice SMadam, the duchess is indisposed, and feels, compelled to retire !She:begs that you- will make her excuses, and fill heriplace to our friends.' , 'Ah l-I amsorry to hear Rose is not well I but.I understand it all. She has beeri 'agiated by some news of Miss Elmer or Mr. Cassinove, brought by this messenger to night. She is full of bene volence and sympathy, and it is quite right that she should be touched with the misfortunes of her friends; but really, when their troubles disturb her so seriously as to make her ill, t'ley should be kept from herd elseino one knows whatthe con sequence may be. Is she very much in disposed ?' inquired the duchess dowager. "Indeed, madam, I have never seen her so pale and so nervous.' ' I had'better go to her; I am sure' our friends would excuse my absence for a few monients,' said the duchess, in alarm. 'No, madam, I entreat ydu.will 'z6t. Rose will retire, and it she should really be so ill as to require the'presence of your grace,'I will stiiely let' ou 'kiio.v.::' . , Besure that you. do, then,' said -the duchess.' ': And with a bow the young' duke with drew. The duke returned to the library. ,He found' his fair wife sitting where 'he had left her, still and white, upon the corner of the sofl '' 'W\Vell, my sweet Rose, I have done your biddinig, ind nowiI have come to hear what it:is that'has' so dreadfully dgitatidt you,'he isaid, taking a s'tit near her sobfa: -.She looked:at him with a gazel full idf woe, and remained silent. SIs it anything connected with' your friends, Miss Elmer or Mr. Cassinove?' any newts broiight by their messenger ?' ' No, no, you' are utterly nimistakeb. That ma'n was, no messengeri from .the one or the other; that man "--'. Rose paused, and her cheek giew whifer' than before. - '\Well, that man I who and what was he ? andhow durst he come here to agi tate you in this manner?' said the duke, impatiently. ' That man-oh, Heaven I how dare I tell you i Oh, George! oh, Beresleigh, Beresleighl I did I not say to you three months ago that you knew not upon whose brow you were about to place the dcudal cornet ot your ancient house-did I not ?' did I not?' 'Yes, Rose, yes; but what mean you, in the namne of Heaven ?'. 'Did I not say to you that I. felt, deep in my heart, that this life of mine was but a transient glory ?' 'Yes, Rose, yes. Whither do your words tend ?' 'Did I not warn you that I was but a poor little playet- peeress, who must sus tain her part for a season, until the comedy should be over, and then go away and be forgotten ?' ' Yes, yes; what do you mean ?' 'Did I' not tell you that Fate would exact a terrible payment for this pagean try with which she has amused me ? Said I not that.I elt my strange destiny akin to that of poor Jane Dudley, who, for ten glorious' days 'played. her great part of Queen of England, and then laid down her young life in payment for that brief, bright pageantry?'. '-Yes, yes, you did; but in the name of Heaven, explain yourself What do you mean, Rose ?' ''Oh, Beresleigh, Beresleigh! I mean that my second sight is realised; my pro phecy is fulfilled I my doom at hand i' she said, wildly. '' I think I. understand you, Rose. This visitor wsho has disturbed you so much to night is, I presume, the pretended 'hei of Swinburne, with whose imaginary claims tbe worthy Colonel Hastings sought to frighten you into a marriage, with' his ad mirable son, and having. failed in that pro ject, seeks now to disturb yourpeace. Very ~ well, I'shall hafil them all over to the police to-morrow morning,' said the duke, indignasritly. 'Alas lalas ! you are far, far wrong I If it were only a new claimant of the barony of Swinburne I-should not mind it much ; it would be what I' always expected:; Biut oh ! oh I when I felt,,my. prosperity was but a passing pageant -when I felt that I should be cast down from wealth and splendour to poverty and obscurity;-I. thought that would be the worst I the very worst'! I did not expect dishonor,' degra dation, danger to liberty and life!' she cried, distractedly, wringing her hands., 'Great Heaven, Rose! what dn you mean ?' questioned the duke, in. the ex tremity of consternation and perplexity. For all answer she 'arose and :sunkl at his feet, clasped his knees, sobbing aloud.'. ' Rise I rise ! rise ! for Heaven's sake, do. ' No I no no ! no I here at your.,feet will I make 'my confession ! .she'sobbed, in agony; . . 'Confession, Rose?' he repeatedi in alarm. 'Yes, coilcession I rOh, . Beresleigh, do you not know that 'ori the day vwe were betrothed I warned you that there were three secrets of my -life with ilhich you should become acquainted before con tracting yourself to me ?' 'Yes!' exclaimed the young duke, breathlessly. 'The first secret, that related to my sure presentiment of a coming reiverse, and the second secret, that concerned my acquaintance with Albert Hastitigs, were both fully confided to you; but the third secret! Oh, Beresleigh ! the third secret was the most terrible of them all.' 'Well ?' gasped the duke, in breathless agitation. ' I wished to tell you' that third fatal secret, but you would not listen to me I' .'Well?' aspirated therduke,'in: a suffo cated voice. 'Oh, that you had heaird that secret I1 ,Oli, that you had heard it'before commit ting yourself irrevocably t' Speak plainly, I adjure you, girl ! Do not stretchme uipon the rack i' exclaimed the duke, sternly. ' 'Ah ! do not.be angiy with me I 'do not be angry with me I I will submit" to anything you please, so you' will not 'be angry .with me II can bear everything else irin the world but that- .and I.may have to bear a horrible series of misfor tunes.! but not .your anger I Oh; Beres leighnot that !I it wvould kill me ! it would kill m'e !' she dried, convulsiveljr, clasping his knees,'liiding.her face upon them, and shuddering through all her fragile frame. lHe gently disengaged her hold, forced her to rise, and sit beside himn, ~h!ile h:e said, mildly- . , . , ' Dear Rose, I am not angry with you ! Why should Ibe I But you torture me more thari you know I Your wild tianner .-your: distracted talk--what- am I to to judge frdrnm it ? What is it that' you have concealed from tme? Come, speak," be loved i You have nothing to fear from me.: I could 'not be angry with you. coinel" '? And he would haveembraced her; but she'shrank from him, exclaiming ': : <·' .No, do not- caress nme'l do not I and if you do not hate 'me after you hear all, I shall be grateful--only too grateful.,: 'Speak,. Rose I conceal nothing. from mec.' ' " " '-: ' I did'noi wish to hide iiiything from you, and I never, never wishedto, deceive you! I should have insisted on telling :you:that fatal- secret which you refu'sed to hear, only thit I believed the man to have been dead for years.' 'Rose I the man I what man?' cried the duike, in the low voice - f intense anxiety. ' 'The man who was here to-nighti' gasped Rose. ' Asnd what 'ias that man to you-to you, my wife, the Duchess of Beresleigh.?' asked the duke. haughtily;. ' 'Oh;' c'ast"'ine from you, if yodu will I leave me to-my dreadful fate I but do not speak arigrily.to me-from you'I cannot bear iti' cried Rose, in despair'. \- "'What,'then, was that man to you ?' .'There was a dreadful pause. ' Rose, white, shuddering, with her lea tures.drawn' sharp with agonyi-seemed upon the verge o1 death. So great was her anguish, that; as the duke gazed upon her, pity foi'r onewliom he had loved' so much overcame all other eiotions', and riodulating his voice to.tie getitlest tone, be said--? . "Rose, open your heart to me without fear, and believe nie. wheti I l.ssure you, that' whatever your fital secret mtiy be, I will not be harsh with you; and however I may be: compelled to act, -all shall be done in the spirit of kindness towards you. Your happiness and welfare shall be the first consideration, after the claims of. honour and duty. And now, Rose, tell me, is it as 'your 'dreadful anguish leads nteto suspect, was this-this man a former lover?' 'Yes, yes; and I never tol-I .. Oh, do not cuirse me, thlough I desess at !' she gasped. " S'Though he had been half prepared to hear this admission,.yet the words pierced his heart like: a sword It was by:his great' ' self-coitrol 'he. restrained hIis emotions.. " , - Slhecontinuied-. ' He.was.mtore than a lover, and yet not so much. .' Oh, bear. with me I hear me patientlyto the end !', . 'Speak on.' But so great was her anguisl, 'that she was incapable of speaking or breathing freely. . , " a wate - . ' There was a.waiter n with decanters of poyt and sherry and glasses sitting on the table, I-IHe poured -out, and brought a glass of wine, which he forced her to drink. . The stimulant had thie desired effect. She breathed freely, and com merced her narrative ' It was when I was but seventeen years old, and while I still believed myself to be the daughter of Magdalene Elmer, the ivillage laundress, that the event I am about to relate to you occurred. 'My poor foster.mother, doubtless to assuage the pangs ofremorse, always made my.:life.as easy to me as possible. She worked hard to keep me from work, and to pay for my school. She was as careful of my poor beauty as though I had been some little princess entrusted to her charge. That I should be brought up like a lady, and marry a gentleman of fortune, seemed her one great purpose in life. Doubtless she wished to compensate me in this way for the birthright of which her treachery had deprived me. She threw me as much as possible in the way of gentlemen, but always privately cautioned me never to permit the slight est freedom from one of them. She used to tell me that if I were discreet my beauty would make my fortune; but if I were otherwise, it would prove my destruction. And thus forewarined,. if not forearmed, she would send ni- as it were, to seekmy fortune: amid scenesnof: social' danger. I mean that she was in. the habit of getting up all the fine linen fori theltransient visi. tors at:the Etheridge Arins, aiid 61: end. ingme to'take ithoinme.: 'Oh, R6seh' 'poo'r,' pbor" "tpi~h how cruelly you were exlposed i.saidthe duke. 'It was the only service that my poat foster-rmithi;'r" iiq'estla .6f'rii; and in. deed, I aliwa';ys fsiemtidre'ed her caution, aiid deported mcyself in such a manner as ,tostepet imnperietinefhoe.iiaid (1 'I was scarcely seventeen years old, and we were-l'virig in ari .obscure old house in an unfiirequented wood, a mile out of the village, when one morning, a traveller, in the dress and accoutrements of a sportsmian passed by our place. He looked, at it,:. retraced his steps and entered the gate. Mother and myself were both in :the yard; I returned into the house, but my ,.mother--' 'Ydur foster-mother, Rose,' 'said the duke, with a tastidious shudder. ' My foster-mother, thetr, went forward to meet the, stranger.. Erom .the open parlour-winidow I heard all that passed. '.His name," he siaid, was Captain Rutherford ; he was an officer of the loth Huissar'; he was oti leave, and had come down to the ,neighbourhood for a few weeks'. shooting;:lie,di I hot like the village and" was in search of country lodgings. Passing by?' he" had seen arid had been pleased with the house, and would pay liberally for the accommodation if she cotild'lodge him for afew weeks. 'Now, there 3were several suspicious cir cumstances connected with the appearance aiidi story of' this person which did not strike me at the time, but which I had bitter cause to remember afterwards. In thefirst, place, Swinbu'rne, with the excep. tioii 6f the chase, was not a sporting neighbourhood. No one but the visitors at the.castle ever. came down to shoot or fish:' Ii:' the'scond place, this was iot the sporting season. But my poor foster 'mother, no more than'myelf,, noticed i?is 'discrepancy. ' :' Her one absorbing desire to:fitid-a wealthy husband for her ipbor ;Rose blinded her to every danger and all conse quences, and decided her; I firmly believe, to:receive this gentleman as a lodger.'"The bargain was soon 'struck. The stranger returned to the village for his portmanteau, and Mrs. Elmer came into .the house to prepare the upper rooms for his reception. *,After her preparations were comnplet, she tbok me in hand, dressed mne care fully, but very, plainly, and cautioned me to be.very discreet. But this' sort of set 'tiig 'me up for sale was so repugnant to my- feelings,.that indeed :I could have found it in my heart to have hidden my. self in the wilderness.' ' I'can well believe it, my poor Rose;' said the duke, with a tone and look as though he were mourning over her death, She continued- , ' Captain Rutherford came the same afternoon. I suppose he would have been considered: by any landlady, as a model lodger. -IHe certainly tried to please us •rather than himself, and he succeedede'so far as' my foster- mother was concerned, Oh, it is a great mistake to think that men walk about the world with their characters written upon their faces-that a good man always looks benevolent, and a' villain wears a sinister expression of countenance, We may inherit our face from one ances tor, and our. character .from another;,or our faces may be given us by nature; while our characters are formed by education., 'Rutherford was a handsome and pre possessing inan, tall, fair-skinned, fair. haired, and a smile full of frankness and benevolence; 'He fascinated:, my ,'ypodr fosfer-mnother-- -she 'believed in him, honoured him, indeed, loved him. His life with .us 'vwas very quiet arid. regular, He went out in the morning with his dog and gun; anid returned in the afternoon with nothing'to show for his day's sport.' He often condescended to' pass 'his evenings in chatting with my mother' and myself. . .. . ' He oftehtinvited me to go for a walk, but I never would accept the invitation) nor, indeed, would my mother ever have permitted it. .We never had ,any visitors aisd so our lodger remained with us for several weeks in total' seclusion'.' 