CRICKET. I PEARL C. C. v. MORPETH UNITED C. C. J The return match between these two clubs was played on Maitland Park on Saturday afternoon, the 6th April, and on this occasion resulted in a win for the Morpeth representatives by 32 runs. The ground after the heavy rain of the day previous played somewhat dead, otherwise it fully sustained the high reputation that it has acquired for accurate trueness. The Pearls won tho toss, and sent their opponents to the wickets^ which were first occupied by Wakely and Mullins, the scorer of a century. Considerable interest was manifested in the latter'a play, although even before that bend of the ¿nee took place, which eventually proved fatal, his stand at the wickets was adversely criticised, whilst the supple move- ments of the body and limbs when in tho act of playing were favourably commented upon. Before, however, any judgment could be formed as to his powers of hitting and only a slight idea of his excellent defence could be conjectured, he had to retire l.b.w. for one run. Wakely quickly put together 7 runs, and then succumbed to the same bowler (Andrews). Austin and O'Brien were then together, but the Pearls were not long in finding out the latter's weak point, and they plied him with slows, ending in a very hot offer being accepted by Howitt at mid-on, and he left with 13 runs to hia credit. Garnham followed, and waB dismissed by Tegg after scoring 8, principally singles. His play appeared stiff and constrained, owing to a bad hand, which prevented him holding and using the bat in his usual style. The same bowler (Tegg) sent the next man (Maguire) back with the unenviable duck egg after his name. The rest of the team, with the exception of D. Guilfoyle (10), who availed himself of every chance to score, did not even make a goose egg to render their performance worthy of record. Austin, who went in at the fall of the first wicket, and whose dismissal (run out) signalled the 8th wicket down, played good steady cricket for the 49 runs he totalled up. His chief fault ap- peared his somewhat stilted play on the leg, and although to onlookers some of his drives had a rather streaky appearance, they were judiciously placed so as not to afford a ghost of a chance to the field. The innings closed for a total of 102. Tho fielding of the Pearls waa admirable throughout. Few doubted when Morpeth took the field that the task set the Pearls of acquiring three runs over tho century, on such a wicket, would be easy of accom «lialimnnf and na Taacr and Karricrnn tnnlr fin» piisnmenc, ana as J. egg ana aveirignu look, one wickets, the hopes of the Morpeth team and their followers were not very jubilant. Kerrigan (5) was the first to retire, clean bowled by Mullins, and none of them who followed, with the exception of Wade (10 not out) gave much trouble to the fielders. The two left hand bowlers Mullins (fast) and O'Brien (medium), having it pretty much all their own way, each clean bowling four, whilst W. Moore after scoring 8, was happily got rid off, secured at leg by O'Neill off O'Brien. Tegg made a stand, and displayed throughout first-class cricket for the 27 runs ho obtained, and was to all appear- ance well set, but Mullins sending down a wide in- stead of the last ball of an over, made amends in his next ball, a perfect trimmer that scattered his stumps. The Pearls' hopes of winning were now rapidly going down to zero, as the scores showed four and fivo wickets for 60 runs, 6 for 52,7 and 8 for 53, when a slight stand was made in an attempt to avert defeat by playing out time. Tho attempt, however, was futile, and finally frustrated by D. Guilfoyle talcing L. Moore's stumps when the total had only reached 70, and ten minutes or a quarter of an hour bofore time to draw. Particulars of scores below : MonrETH United C.C. P. Mullina, Lb. w., Andrews. 1 C. Wakely, b Andrews . 6 J. Austin, run out . 49 A. O'Brien, o Howitt, b G. Moore . 13 J. Garnham, b Tegg . 8 M, Maguire, b Tegg . 0 H. MounBey, run out. 3 D. Guilfoyle, b Tegg . 10 J. O'Neill, b Pryor. 6 <»- Wilson, b Tegg . 1 E. Swan, not out. 2 Sundries. 8 102 Peabi. C.C. Tegg, b P. Mullins. 27 Kerrigan, b P, Mullins . 5 Howitt, b O'Brien .,. 5 Rutherford, b O'Brien . 0 W. Moore, c O'Neill, b O'Brien . 8 I Pryor, b Mullins. C Harden, b O'Brien.,. 0 G. Moore, n Mullins . 1 Andrews, b O'Brien .a. 0 Wade, not out. 10 ti. Moore,bD. Guilfoyle . 0 Sundries. 8 70 On Thursday two defendants were respectively fined in the Melbourne District Court ¿10, with ten guineas costs, foe exposing for sale, ia their jarda, bollocks suffering from tuberculosis. 