WANDERINGS IN ASiA. fly JAMtxu CAXPIc'. I. rZoat SILtiStoll.tU TUNSCuOW. t I trwet on loar, l thye tt: aner WiVcha.n~ at 11 t o'clock at night, as shel was suppojsed to leave Shaitll11:i 1or Tie'til ve.ry early thfit folloowing mlornint;. It we0a a ti?tht of sweet retiocti't. The rattle aud clatte(r of ia te:an winch loooithn cargo, the thud., of thi e rgo itself as it was dropltli ont the deck, tand the .peculiar erie:s of the cooliot--for without solao curious srmoglutng no Asiatic f.;tte to bo aloe to wvork--n'tl-h a very I:editrn of hlep-mtuordetrin noi'O'. In th,: morntoing we stetamed diown thle VWoou ag liver, utoutd the brtarl e-tuary of the YTutg.-t: Kianllg, anlld wer ostl ill the bu oeetu nllortth wtrdtl blnountl. 'There :Ire nelll parts or this coo st still so tVal;, or an:ti-foreign that it would I he deatlh to ship-weru.:ed matoriturs to be er?ot upon thoen. The followitg day we tarrived att Cthutoo, tho fvotuoriote watteriog.plateto it Chin:ota for Europ:atns. It is thau tout chltr:inug coastt town of ally I s'aw, with tune bold prucipiless ot tiet ot!lher Hi, ide the bly, awtL lUmbers of vtry ,trtking, iimulds standing of esote distlnca from the luailliltuL itt the afternloon we roundell it precilitoou capo. and were in thie Gulf of Pe.chi-li, or l'oo-cho,-lee. Up to this time we had h:ltd a fair weather patsage, but during the evening a change took place, antd betweeotn and 11 o'clock 1 we had what I m:ty tern a storm s.lu.tll. The witld sulddenlly rose into it gale, tile water atone tumtbling over the ioropart of t'm ute:atuer until at length I thought we wore about to exporti ette a typhoou. About II o'clock the tuotolt cuetludt a llu udhnly a.o it had bogun. andI in tt short timu we we oere in comparatively Hmooth water again. 'Tih curly ruorning saw us olf the TakI bar. 'l'hen I had It now experience. In all try steamner-travellittg up to tha:t timo-I hald betin accustolmed to got ilnto noluo ha:rbour, or run alongsidu somee pier to discharge either ipao outnger or cargo, but on this, oceasiott the steamer drollpped altchor, and proceeded to un- t load about half her cargo nto h:trges, rolling land tuliblinte about muanwhile, in order to so lighten herself to to be able to get over tthe bar. In about eight hours we were ready. alnd the1 \VWuchllngt went ahelad. In It a inutoe or two thoer canto the curious grating sounld which proclaimed we wore on the sand, and thie vessel soeeted to shiver ats theo ploughed through it. Sometimes we almost stopped, and thee was great excitement on board, for that might mean t our lying on tilto bar for twenty-four hours; but he mighty tower of steam was not to hIte denied, uad slowly but surely we pushed our way ahead until it almost appeared tI if with a leap our steamer surmounted the last ridge of :tndIlIand w:, werui tthe frouee water of the Pei-tto IRiver. The greaouter part of the gulf of Pe-chi-li is extremely shaltlow toowatrd the tshore, and olo es so gently that its the eaptain satated it, " You might put on at full head of stottn, let every mant go to oloO i,and the vessel wot rul rnt oil htoreo o gradually tihat none of thtou would be awakened by it." i'urhaps thoro's t little trifle of imaginationt in that statement, but the real meaning of it in that running ttshore would ] meittn no dlanger, oexcept inll ttormt. Oncu ool thea l'ci-ho a few minuttes brought us opplosite the famtous T'aut Forts. These ore said to be imn- 1 Iouusely strong noiw, but the ilmpresotiou left on t my mind was that they are still very Chinese. IN evertheless, I take it tile days of French and d British fleets sailing up the Poioto to land troops 1 for the attackof Plkin are opast and gote. Tihe bar at thie entrance will stop the iroucltds, and modern mines iatd torpedoes will effectually I prevent another naval plromenade to Tienttint. At first the Pti-hto is broad and tolerably straight, but it would be iolpossible to convouv to the mind of the reader the character of the stream as we progressed onwards. To say 1 it was twinted or tortuous is to use langutge conveying no adequate idea of the extraordinary contortions of tile extraordinary ] Pe-hto. WVhat those intdiarubber gentlemenot who tie thoomselves into all sorts of autrzing knots are aoloolg plerfonnore is this sinuous, I uotakv stream tIonog rivers. There are alsu ( manifold saindblnks antlt spits to be avoided. u tand sudden currents to be wrestled with, so that lnearly every time It stetmer goes up or down t sho eithler slices off ai bit of one of the villages which crowd ou t' o banks, and has to play dalttmlges, or runs on a 8andbauk und lies there, I occasonal:ly it couple of days at a time, ltthing j :uud chrmting with her screw until tho wrivtgleo off sonomehow. Now ntd thon a junk is cut down and has to be paid for, so that it can t easily be understoodt with what feelings the average captaint regards the Pei-ho. The t troubles of thie soft-spoken navigootors, however, t atcalo to anl etnd, anud at last we reachelld Tient sin--oneo of the dreariest places, I should imagine, in the Chinese enOmpire. Flat, tuntln teresting-tlhu Eulropeat part tamo t ntd common. place, the Chinese part unusually dirty and o squalid-it is one of the last pilaces in Chlia I would desire to live in. Yet-so wonderfully is I this world full of colopetsationst-thoy told me o Tientsui is one of the liveliest places in the north of China for " Hocioty," especially t during the winter months. I hope it is so, and that the good peoplle there are not deluding t themselves or their visitors. They deserve i manty joys to make up for their most unpictur- I esquo and dreary town. About a fortnight before I arrived there had beet great excitement among the Chinoese on account of some ridiculous story being circu lated about the French missionaries having kid napped it child, and it was feared for a time that there watos I possibility of a renewal of the rioting which took tplace a few years ago when the Catholic Cathedral was destroyed atd and nutmber of priests antd nunts murdered-an episode still known uas the Tientsin massacro. 'There was it very uncomfortable foeling existint' in the minda of the Europeans, and it ts astonlioshig howv quickly the cottagiono of this seoni-iamnitt can ?opredul. All fears proved to be groundless, but they were entircel natural. The ruins of the Cathotli cathedral sltand at the end of the town--a grim memorial of thle ptst and a frowning rentinder for the future. The people who have livedl in these parts for years get to be both ca:reless and callous about these alarms, and itll I sense to lose their sense of due proportion as to danger. Tthe now arrival, on the other toand, may think far too much of rumoours and excituenoo ts, until, after a while, heo also gets case-hardened. It is well that it is so, for otherwise life would be intolerable. Tientsin is proud, or should te, in the poos sesuion of one of the ablest edited journals itn China, thle thinese Tiurs. It is a small papelr, itut of gre:at literary meorit, and,?porformr tlhe very useful function, among other things, of translating the contents of the Pekin oltici:al journal in which tre publisheld the ordinances and State papors of the Government. I read with the greatest interest the memorial of Li-iung-Chang, in which he set forth the reasons why the railway from Taku to Pekin ought to be constructed. tanhy were given, but tlte chief one wai the necessity of a railway in case of war. Six monthls lateron, Imotayoung Etglish engineer going out to take part it the constructio of tohe lito. and the works were actually commented. Sitc then I saw the works ttad been stopped, and I Ihave not seen yet whether they wooro reconmmnced. But it tmuttera little wlhtltor tlheoy have boen stopped ocausou of the triutmLlh of the anuti- foreogn party, or from want of funds, or in deferecllco to lpopular fooliungs or upertitions. Chinacannoot hold back, and will bo pushed on, if she does ntot willingly owalk on, it thi ways of modern progress. It is curious to rollect upon, but the chief obstacle to railways in Chinta at present is the feeliogofprofound revretico forthe ancestral graives. It helps meo a little to untderstand the Chinaman's frame of mind otl this subject when I renmember my own horror some years ago at seeing one of the Etglish ralwlvays running right through a churchyard. It ap peared to me aI frightful desocratoon, and with me it was a mere sentiment. How much stronger must it be to the Chinese mintd when it is not only a matterof sentiment but a matter of religion. The average Chinaman regards the desecration of the graves of the dead as something horrible in itself, tnd (which may be even a stronger feeling) as certatn to lot loose the ghosts of thle disturbed dead, who will wrelak vengeance upon lhimt. But I fancy mtodern ideas have made great way among the cn lighteed meon at Itokin. liany of them hlave travelled in Europe, and lhave tasted the joys of first-class carriagee, so tlhat it w1ill o stur prising if they cannott find some ingenious theoory to ekpl-in .away toe ghost diltieulty. VensuchI artless, |nigh-mninded, and Christian 1eoplo as we are, have occasionally to hold a candle to his Satanic majesty dnitd it will be wonderful itdeoed if the wtly and heathloen Chitno does not better our oxample vthen necessity comoplt. 'The introduction of the telegnatlh was resisted at first on account of its supposed interference with tbe Funt-.shti- that singular tsuplerstition to lwhich I reterred in a previous paper--ttnd wilen I was in Pekin news came that the inhtabitanots of a portion of the coutntry about 700 miles southl-west of Pekin had opposed the making of thle line and ton down the poles. The Chlinese Government I sent troop1s into the district, atnd urguoed the question in that convincing fashiotn. Official t opposition to ithe telegraph lhas practically ceased, and thero are now 3t089 milesh of line throughlout Chlina, connecting tht great cities with Pekin and the coast. ~Vlat makes the opposition to the railway from Tientain to Iekin more remark- I able is that there already is a small line from [ Putang oid Taku to Tientsin, altogether about eighty-six miles. The grave daliculty must have beeon overcome in this line, for all North " China reusmbles a great grave-yard, and it will be only a matter of timeo till thu same ditlicul ties ure overcome, not only in getting to Pekin, but in all the great provinces of the empire. China will then, with railways, steamers, and lie, telegraph, have fairly taken poesion of the material benefits of western civilisation and p?nfated thern on to her own form of civilisation. Will the result he so gloriously b.netiicial aI we TIuropein.s placilly assulme ? The Chinese Go. vtrrle.llt will bu tronllger then to put down rebellions than ever it has been., for it will he abl l to send troops swiftly to any leint of disturbance. It will be able to cope with famine better, anlf ao keep more Chinamneu alive. The task of colonia:tioo will become e taor in the sparsely-pe.olple parts of the impire, rand ,o the va;st numlfers of the present will beh added to. If it is ineedled to In1ve troops quickly to the soaloard to defend the country aIgainst the invading fleOets of Euirope, that can then be quickly doine. In a word, r.ihlwayvd will Imallk Clia niniet ely povwerful for defence, will thicken hfr ulrouldy donse piopulation, and.1 make her much ure of a lmenace to other nations than tsile is now. Early on a Monday morning I left Tientsin for 'ekin. The disltance by road is eig?lty cight miles, and by the Pei-ho River and 'loung chow 160i miles. There are three ways of travelling - on horseback, by whlich thle distance can be covered in a couple of davys, though soeai claim to hlave done it ill o1ne day ; by cart taking two days, aind by water said to t:ku two and a half or throee daysv. I like a ride oc.caionally, not too far, und not too hard. I dismissed, therefore, all thoughts of riding, and a mere glenco at the springloss carts was oulliciently con\incing to settle that question. I arranged for the Custom house boat, and duly started, having with nme a Chinesu " bohy " s guide, interplreter, and cook. " Boy " is the generic term all over the East for a servant, and its ab utrdity imay be seen in the fact that my boy in India was nciurly old enolgh to be mny father, and this boy now accoillpallying 0me to Pekin stood over Git., andl wasc without exception the finest spocimen of Chinlcso manuhood I ever put my eyes IupIn. lHis virtues, hoivwver, ended with his physiute, but I will not pour out my grievanLcele, as I regard details about guides as very manill beer to chronicle. Much as I had been iamprossed with the river boats and junks of other parts of China, ill I had seen before seemed trivial, as compared with the vast aggregation of junks at Ticntsin. 'The junks from the south, bringingi the rico tribute, were up in large nulnbors, 1and the result was a most remarkable splO?tacle. For a distance, I should suppose, of between two and three miles the river was literally covered with junks, with only a narrow fpassage between. In the dis tallc the long, twistilg line of Imssts gave a very singular elfect. We' poled and towed our way ntst the junks by slow degreesl and I admired the skill the smen showed in getting their tow-line away from all sorts of obstacles. ''The junks were lying sometimues six deep from the bank on th10 one side and twelve deeo on the other. Every kind and sarmple of junk was to be, secen; square-stenmord, high pooped, low-bellied, one must. five maots-queer. shaped Inaval llonstrosities, in a word, of every sort and condition. About midday we got beyond the junks, and were in the olpen waters of the river. It was a notable experience, but I was destined to another almost eflually notable. The wind had been getting up, but in the shelter of the junks we had not felt it. Now that we got out more into tlho oleni, we discovered a whiole gale of sinl was liowlug. It grew stronger and stronger until it broke our tow-linue, anid n11 further Iprogress could be made. Then I witnessed a North China dust storm, and it was a dust stonn il very truth. 'ThIe flerceot 1Mclbourno brickflelder that ever blew is insigilitcanlt compared with the denso clouds of matter which blow along those Tientsin llaillns, accompanied by a bitter piercing cold wind. Our boathlouse lay to, an0d by bad luck righlt up against one of the worst garbagee heaps on tile river. I am not much troubled about fevers and diseases, and so I closed my windows, got a iroe lighteld, and made myself as comtfortable as the circumstances would permit, although the smells were some times of great strengtlh. The gale lasted all that afternoon anld night, but in tile early morning of next day we got away. I need not enter into details of the journey; suffice itto say that it took four days to get to Tung Chow, so much were we bothered with head winds and getting aground owing to the shallowness of the river. The country as a whole seemed fertile; but there were sandy portions Ihere and there of very desert-like appearance. Otte of the standing jokes of tihe journey was to see tihe towline break and the coolice, who were pulling it, o promptly on their faces. The men on board always lunghed joyously at the spectalel; but, as the rope broke frequently, the laughs were turn and turn about. At last, as the evenilng of the fourth day was drawing on, the immenso pagoda of tile city of Tung Chow rose in sight, and in about a couple of hours we were moored to the bank amlong a largo number of other house boats. It woas anything but delectable company, and I lhad an unquiet night owilg to tse noises round about me. Iln tihe morning I engaged a cart and started for Pekin, a distance of about eleven miles by road. 