Superstition of To-day Men who swear thoro is neither God nor futuro will yet betray a strango weakness toward somo pet superstition that tboy will oponly laugh at, but secretly boliovo. Wo all bavo thom — not only ignorant pcoplo, bat tho best of us. Few noonlo would bavo tho hardihood to sit down at a tablo with 13 as tho total number. Fow pcoplo will count the backs in a funeral procession. Few g'rls will read tho marriage servico ontirely through in tho faco of tbo awful and mysterious superstition that tho indalgcnco destroys hopo of marriages. Wo don't call tho fortuno- tellor tbo priest of Apollo, tho wart charmer a witch. Thcro is a chango of name— tho fact lingers. Wo aro still super stitious. All tho generations that havo passed liavo accumulated and handed down to us a vast number of superstitions. Each country has furnished its share, and probably the most of them dato from tho timo wbon tho human raco was Btill in its Asiatic cradle. Birth, marriago and death aro tho throo most important ovents in orcry life. Honco tho auguries of thoBO thrco ovonta havo boon most eagerly sought and most carefully remembered. Death, boing tho most dreadful, comas in for the largest shoro. Ono of tho bast ways given us of avoiding it whon mortal sickness is upon us to allow tbo roport to bo ciroulatcd that you aro already dead. Tho chances aro strongly in favour of getting woll. Especially is this so if friends begin to arrango for tho funoral. A suro sign ot an early death is for a porson to scattor tho leaves of a rod roso upon the ground. It is extromoly hazardous to an infant's lifo to paro its nails boforo it is a year old. Thoy should bo bitten off, or tho grandamB will not answer for tho conso- quences. So numorous aro tho dangoroas super stitions about marriage that ono could scarcely avoid broaking somo of them. In this observation tho philosopher may find tho solution of tho question, " Why is marriago a failuro ?" For instance, tho brida mast not try on her wedding gown, or ill-luck will follow. Sho mast not look in the glass after sho is fully dressed and ready for tho ceremony. Sho must not ontor into hor now homo by stopping ovor tho threshold, but must bo carried over it by ono of her relatives. A piecn of tho brido's cako must bo broken ovor hor head aB soon as sho is safely ou tho otlior sido, It is unlucky for hor to bo in a happy stato on her wodding day. Sho must bo as d lorous as : possiblo, violent fits of weeping boiug especially beneficial, It is a good idea for tbo bridesmaids to throw away as many pins as possible on tbo wodding day, aB this will baston marriago. Tho bride should throw away hor slipper in leaving tho wedding foast, and sho who catches it will bo tho first marriod. Tbo month of May iB gonor ally concedod to bo tbo most unfortunate for marriages. Tbo lucky mouths are Janunry, April, August, October, and Noverabor. January is especially lucky. 1 Lovers should carefully avoid pas sing a sharp or pointed instrument from ono to tbo othor. Such things tend to causo quarrols. Tho wodding should bo put off by all means if a cat snoozos on tho ove of tho wodding day. It should novor tako placo if tbo cat is blaok. To swoop daBt ovor a girls foot or legs will bo certain to mako an old maid of ber. Should' tbo youngor sister of a family marry first, tbo older sistors will bo con- domned to lasting celibacy unless thoy danco at ber wodding in their stocking feet. Tbo wedding ring of the mother Ib an infallible ouro for oruptions on tbo skin of the oblld Tho ring must bo rubbed tbrco times round oacb soro. Ouro is certain. Tho virtno of tbo dow that glitters and sparkles in ovory leaf and flowor on a May morning, has been recognised from tho oarltost times. If a young girl wishes to obtain and proscrvo a glorious complexion sho should venturo out on a May morning and wnsh her faco in this dow. It also has peculiar powor in infant caeos of weak back. A child offectod can bo cured by drawing it tlireo times through tho wot grass on tho first, second, and third mornings of May. It will euro swollon neck. Tho treat ment hero is, howover, moro difficult, ff tho sufferer bo a mnlo ho must waBh bis nock in tho dow that goms tho gravo of tho last deceased unmarried woman who died ; if a woman, then tho grass on tho gravo of tho la&t; young un- marriod man must bo sought. To spit in tho baud boforo undertaking anything, whothor in lovo, war, or busi ness, will not foil to bring good luck. If you aro out fishing, do not step ovor your rod, or you will catch no moro fish than did Siinplo Simou in his mothor's pail. Of births, it may bo said in gonoral that a crying child will grow up to bo a groat and useful man. This omen is not clearly settled, howovc, and is often givon tho . other way. Somo seor far back in tho agos discovered tho fol lowing Bom on Monday, Fair in tho faco. Bom on Tuosday, Full of God's gTaco. Born on "Wednesday, « Sour and sad. Bom on Thursday, Bom on Friday! "Worthily givon. i Bom on Saturday, Work for your living. Bom on Sunday, 1 You will novor know want. To recall a porson aftor thoy havo loft tho houso is bad luck. To go baok for ' something forgotten is also bad luck, unless you sit down beforo going out again. If; when yon sit beforo tho firo, a livo coal jumps out, it is a sign that you aro to havo good luck, especially iu raonoy matters. To wash iu wator another washed in is not not only bad sanitarily, but also Buporstitiously. Ho who makes many crumbs at tho tablo will never havo any monoy to sparo. It is flying in tbo faco of fortune to sweep dust out of tbo front door or to allow it to bo swopt out. In so doing you aro swoop- iog out your good luck. To count ono's gains brings luck, but to And monoy is tho worst possiblo luck. Tho four-loavod olovor, onco found, should bo treasured, as evorv school child knows and believes. It brings luck of ovory description. Evo attempted to carry a four-leaved shamrock of precious stono from Paradise with hor, but it foil and shattered at bor foot. Think of tbo disaster tbns entailed upon tbo human raco 1 To seo tho moon ovor tho loft sbouldor is as unlucky as to hold tho four of olubs at cards. But tho now moon soon ovor tho right shoulder, or straight In front, portends fortuno as smiling as her own bright rays. Ono should bo caroful in writing & letter not to cross out a word in it. To do so moans that any request you may have made iu tbo lottor will not bo granted. It is vory unluoky to dry a lottor beforo tbo Are, instead of allowing it to dry slowly and naturally. But un-' luckiest of all is to drop tho lottor on the floor after finishing it. These aro but fow of tho many thou sands of guides of lifo. Follow thom all, obsorvo thom diligontly, and happiness awaits you. Yoqrfoco will smilo liko that of a young girl at tho thought of hor beloved. Your pathway will bo strewn with roses. If you scoff and scorn, bowaro. For tho ghosts and goblins and witobes, tbo tpirits of your ancestors who boliovod all theso things and oborisbed tbom as tho apple of tbo oyo, will plot togothor against you. Bo liovo tbom oven bb the child belie tos in Santa Glaus. Tboy aro our only relies of tbo old, dead, paBt— tho faith of legend and story, of: simplicity and frankness, wbon men learned only to sboot with tbo bow and speak tbo truth. Thoy are tbo faiths of tho childhood of our race, and as such dosorvo 1 recog nition. Reasoa may scoff, ecionce, scorn, but down iu all our breasts, tho old childhood's faith remains. Tho hands that tries to pluck them out ; is profane. 