Chattbb XLIL—Ida Goes to Meet HhbFaik. I Host people of aioertain age and a certain degree of sensitiveness, of - disposition, in look* inar back down the viata of their lives. whereon memory's milaneholy lightplaye in fitful flaaaei like the alterernate glow of a Conner swung in the twilight of a tomb, can recall some one night of peouliar mental agony, it may have come when first wo found our* •elves faco to faoe with chill and hope* less horror of departeid life; when, in our sou I despair, wo atretched,out vain hands an wept, called and no anawer ORmo; when we kissed thoRO beloved lipa'and shrank aghast a contaot with their clay, those lips more eloquen now in the rich pomp cf their unu*t€*J;J silence than in the brightest hour of the unsealing. It may have oomo when ou honour and the hope of all our days lay a our feet shattered liko a Bbred on the har roadway of the world. It may have oom whep she, the a^pet at«^ of W t(ff jure and holy.; thing, the type. of, completed I Jesuty s»d woman's most perfect measure, she, to whomwas given the chalice of onr 'joy, and who held in her white hand the love-begotten germ of alloar'ppwer; ruthlessly emptied and Crashed it, ., and as beoame a etar, slid below our• horizon, to rise upon some' other sky.-' Or 'it may have come • when Bmtus Btabbed ns, or when a ohild whom we had cherished strnok ns with a serpent fang of trsaohery, and left the ioy poison to creep npon our heart One way or another it has been yrith most of us, that long night of utter woe,' and all will own that it is a ghastly thing to faoe. And so Ida do la Hollo had found it. The jhriek of the great gale rushing on that Christ mas eve round the stout Norman towers was not stronger than the breath of the despair that shook her life. Sheoouldnot sleep—who could sleep on suoh a night, the herald of auoh a morrow ? The wail and roar of the wind, the orish of falling trees, and the rattle of flying'stones seemed to for a fit aooompaniment to the turmoil of her mind She rose, and putting on her dressing-gown, went to the window, and in the dim light watched the trees gigantically tosBing in a great.'struggle for their life. An oak and a hitch were within her view. The oak stood the gale out—for a while. Presently there oame an awful gust and beat upon it. It would not bend, "and the! tough roots would not give, so beneath the weight of the breath of its destiny the big tree broke im two like a straw, and its spreading top was wbirled into the moat. Bnt hebiroh gave and bent; it bent till its deli cate filaments lay upon the wind like a woman's tresming hair, and the fieroonesa of the gust wort itself away and spared it. " See what happens to those who stand np and defyItheir fate," said Ida to herself, with sbitterlangh. ."The biroh has tho best of it." Ida rose and closed the shutters ; the sight of the storm affected her already strained nerves almost,beyond bearing. Che began to walk up and down the big room", flitting like a ghost from end to end and back again, and againback. What pould she do? What should she do? Her'fate was upon her; she could no longer resist the inevitable—she must, marry him. And yet her whole soul revolted from the act with an overwhelming fiercenoaa which 86tonished even herself. She had known two girls who had married people whom they id not like, being at the time, or pretending to be, attached to some body else, and Bhe had observed that they aocommo dated themselves to their fate with considerable ease. But it was not so with her; she was ashienedof another clay, and it made her faint to thiuk of what wa« before her. And yet the prospect was oue on which eho could expo-t Into sympathy. Her own father, although personally! he-disliked tbemtin wh-m she must "marry, was (dearly filled with amazement that elio should pre fer Oolonel Quarit h, midels-aged, poor, and plain, to Edward Cosaey —handsome, vonng, and rich as Otomub. He ooold sot comprehend or measure the extraordinary gulf which her passion dug between tho two. If, therefore, this was so with her own father, how would it be with the rest of the world ? She paced her bedroom till she was tired, and then, in au excess of despair, which was sufficiently distressing in a person of her reserved and stately maimer, flung herself, weeping and sobbing, noon her knees, and resting her ach-ing head upon tho bed, prayed as she had never prayed before that this cup might paBS from her. She aid not know—how should eho ?—that at that very moment her prayer was being an swered, and that her lover was then, even as she prayed, biting the broken stone and reveal ing the hoard of ruddy paid. B-t so it was; she prayed in despair and agony of mind, and the prsyer carried on the wild wings of the night brougt a fulfilment with it. Not in vain were her tear and supplications, for even now the deliverer delved among The dust and awful treasurosof tho dead, and even now tho light of her coming happi ness was breaking on her tortured night as the first cold gleams of the Christmas morning were breaking over the stormy fury of the void without. .And then, chilled and numb in body and mind, ehe crept into her bed again and at last lost herself in sleep. By half-past nino o'clock, whsn Ida came down to breakfast, tbo gal j bad utterly vanished, though its footprints were visiblo enough in shattered trees unthitcbed stacks and ivy torn in knotty sheets from tho old walls it clothed. It would have been difficult to roaognise in tho cold and stately lady who stood at the dining room window, noting tho havoc and waiting for her father to como in, tho lovely, passion ste, dishevelled woman who somo few hours before had thrown herself vpon her knees proy iag to God for the suocour she could not win from man. Women, like nature, havo many jjjoods and many countenances to 01 press them. The hot fit had passed, and tho cold fit was on her now. Her face, except for tho dark hol lows round tho eyes, was white as winter, and her heart was as cold as winter's ice. Presently her father came iu. " What a gale," ho said, 41 what ft gftle. Upon my word I began to think that tho old pl»co was coming down about our esrs, and the wreok among the treta ia dreadful I don't think there can have been such a wind since the timo of King Charles I.» when the top of the tower wa£ blown clean off tho church—you remember I was allowing you tho entry about it in the registers tho other day, tho one signed by tho parson and old Sir James do la Hollo. Tho boy who bos just coino up toll • me that ho hoars that poor Old Mrs. MttsseyV summer-house on tho top of Dead M-tn4s Mouut bus been blown away, *Jrch in a good riddance for Colouol Quaritch. " "y» what s the matter with you ? Hew pale j you? you look."* II The gale kept me awake. X got very little I cop," answered Ida. '•And no wonder. Well, my dear, you haven't wished me a merry Christmas yet. | Goodness knows we want one badly enough, i There has not been much merriment at Honham of lat«yeata ° A merry Obristmas to you, father," she said. u Thank you, my love, the same to you; you have got most of your Obristmases before you, which is more than I have. God bless me, it only seems like veeterday since the big hunch of holly tied to the hook in the ceiling thbre fell down on the breakfast table and smashed all the oups, and yet it is more than sixty yoars ago. l)ear me ! how angijr my poor dear mother was. She never conld bear the crockery to be broken—it was a littlo fail ing of your grandmother's," and he laughed more heartily than xda had heard him do for j some weeks ] She made no answer, hut busied herself I about the tea. Presently glancing up she saw ' her father's face change The worn expression oame back upon it, and he lost his buoyant hearing. Evidently a new thought had struck him, and she was in no great doubt as to what it was. u Wo had better get ou with breakfast," ho said. " lou know that Cossey is ooming «p at ten o'clock." 44 Ten oVoek ?!' she said faintly. (i "£es. I told bim ten so that we could go to ohurob afterwards if we wished to Of course, Ida, I am still in the dark as to what yon have made up yonr mind to do, but what* ever it is, I thought that he had better once and for aU hear yoar fi"*l decision from your own Ups. If > however, you feel yourself at liberty to tell it to me as yonr father, I shall be glad to hear it." She lifted her head and looked bim full in the face, and then paused. He had a cup of tea in his hand, and it was held in the air halfway to his mouth, while his whole face showed the overmastering anxiety with which he wat awaiting her reply. 44 Make your mind easy, father," she suid, III am going to marry Mr. Cossey." He put the cup down in such a fadiiou thai ho spilt half of tho tea, most of it going over his own clothes, without even noticing it, and then turned away hia face. " Well," he said, " of course it is not my af fair, or at least only indirectly so, but I roust say, my love, I congratulate you on the decision which you have come to. I quite understand that you havo been in some little difficulty about the matter; young women oft*n havo been be fore you and will bo again; but to be frank, Ida, that Quaritch business was not at all suit able, either in age, or fortune, or anything else. Yes, although Cosscy is not everything that one might wish, on the whole I congratulate you heartily.*' " Oh, pray don't," broke in Ida, almost in a cry. " Whatever you do, pray don't congratu late mo!" Qer father turned round again and locked at her. But Ida's face had already recovered its calm and he oould mako nothing of it. "I don't quite understand jou," he said, <( these things are generally considered matters for congratulation." But for all ho might say and all that he might urge, in his mind to the contrary ho did, more or less, understand what her outbur-t meant. He could not but know that tho exclamation was tho last outory of a broken spirit. Iu li s heart ho realised then, it ho had never clca'ly realised it before, that th's proposed mar riage w,is a thing hateful to bis daugh ter, Mid his consoknce pricked him sorely. And yet—and yet—it was hut a woman's fancy—a passing: fanoy! She would become reconciled to tho inevitable as women do, and when her children came she would grow accustomed to her sorrow, and her trouble would ha forgotten in their laughter. And if not, wall it was but oue woman's life which would ho affected, and tho very existence of his race, and the veiy cradle that bad nursed them from century to century were now at stake. Was all this to beatthemercy of a girl's fanoy ? No! let the individual suffer. So ho argued. And so ut his ago and in his circumstance* most of us would argue also, and perhaps, considering all thiuus, we should be riirht. For in this world pemonal desires must continually givo way to the welfare o( other*. Did they not du so our system of .ocioty oould net endure. No more was said upon tho subject. Ida made a pretence of eating a piece of toast; tho sq'.iire mopped up tho tea upon his olothes, and then drank some more Meanwhile tbe remorseless Beconda orept en. It wanted but Ave minutes to tbe hoar, and the hour would, she well knew, bring tbe man with it. The five minutes passed slowly and in silence. Both her father and herself realised the nature of tho impending situation, but neither of them spoke of it Ah! there wus the sound of | wheels upon the gravel. So it had come. Ida felt like death itself. Her poise Bunk and flattered; her vital forces seemed to cease their woxk Another two minutes passed and then the door opened and the parlour maid came in. 11 Mr. Cossey, if yon please, sir." 44 Oh," said the squire. 44 Where is he ?" ' 44 In the vestibule, sir." 41 Very good. Tell him I will be there in a minute." The maid went. • "Now, Ida," said her father, •' 1 Suppose we had better get this basinets over." - j 44 Yes," she answered, rising; " I am ready." I And gathering np her energies, she passed , ont to meet her fate. 