OLIVER CROMWELL'S CELEBRATED : J SPEECH. AN Australian journal has been raking up from the records of the past an extract from the celebrated speech, delivered by OLIVES CROMWELL, on dis- solving the Long Parliament, in August, 1653 ; and by way of interesting its readers, suggests that the ghost of Oliver might be summoned and asked to address, similar words to a certain Australian House of Commons- - " It is high time forme to put an end to your sitting in' thia place, which you have dishonoured by your contempt of all virtue, and denied.by your ' practice of every vice. Ye are a factious crew, the enemies of all good government. Ye are a pack of mercenary wretches, and would, like Esau, sell your country for a mess of pottage ; and, like Judas, ' betray your God for a few pieces of money. Is there a single virtue now* remaining among you ? Is there one vice you do not possess ! Ye have no more religion than any horse. Gold is your God. Which of- you have not bartered away your con- science for bribery? Is there a man among you that has the least care for the end of the Common- wealth!? Ye sordid wretches, have ye not defiled thiB sacred place, and turned the Lora's temple into a den bf thieves 1 By your immoral principles and wicked practices ye are grown intolerably odious to the whole nation. You, who were deputed here by the people to get their grievances redressed, are yourselves become the greatest grievance. Your country, therefore,, calls upon me to cleanse this Augean Stable by putting a final period to your iniquitous proceeding in this House, and which, by God's help and the strength he has given me, I am now come to do. I command you, therefore, upon the peril of your lives, to depart instantly out of this place. Go! Get you ont! Haste, ye venal knaves, begone! Sot! take away that shining bauble there, and lock up the doors !" Those who read this extract will come to their own conclusion as to which particular Australian Commons House the language could most appropri- ately be applied. Some recent disclosures might bint where enemies of good government are to be found, and where some, at least, " mercenary wretches who would sell their country for a mess of pottage." Whether "consciences have been bar- tered for bribery," and such like, the ghost of Cromwell will probably know; that he will cleanse the particular Augean Stable of the impuri- ties within it or not, we cannot say, whatever our thoughts upon the point may be, even though they go wholly in the direction that the Protector's -¿j speech to the Long Parliament would be partiou , _ larly applicable to some members of a short Parlia . ment in 1889. ? - - 