WITH THE TIDE. A TALE OF THE TDBF. BY ' VBB4X.' SriClALLT W rilTTEU POB THE ' ErFEBEB'' ?—All liioHTs Bebebvbd. CHAPTER XIV. AN ELOl'EMENT. Altbeugh 'Spider' Fletcher only half ' believed what his wife had told him with regard to the Etene be had witnessed be tween herself and Lord Mayfield, Btill the young nobleman was too rioh for Fletcher to let him slip throngh his fingers. He hated him cordially, and therefore he was all the more deBiroua of being revenged upon bim. Even if Daisy was merely p.'njing upon liord Mayfield's feelings, be felt quite sure, as far as h s Lordship wap concerned, he was genuinely in earnest. HiB indignation at Fletcher's biutal conduct was too natural to have been feigned, and the 'Spider' had not forgotten the grip Lord Mayfield had on bis throat. If DaiBy waa acting hi* LcrdBhip certainly was not. ?Accordingly Fletcher took the firat op portunity of apologising to Lord May field for hia conduct, and for reasons of hi) own the latter accepted Fletcher's pro testation that ho meant no offence. If Fletcher hated Mayfield, the young lord returned it with fourfold bitterneen. Ho was madly in lovo — infatuated wonld be the better term— with DaiBy, and Fletcher's possession of her nearjy made hjm frantic. He felt it was quite true that this ill aBEOrted pair were not married, and he wondered what could poaaibly bind them together. How Daisy had contrived to propitiate Flctcber he could not Burznise. She must have had extraordinary control over tho man to have reduced him to such a .stato of submission that he actually apologised to the man who had tried to wrong bim so bitterly. Lord Mayfield was in no proper frame of mind to consider the consequences of the step he was taking. HiB Bole desire was to obtain possession of Daisy- He had at laBt commenced to admire the firm nesB and decision of John Marston's 1 character, and Jack, ever ready to see all j that waB good in the man, had come to regard Mayfield as a harmless and not half \- a bad-hearted fellow. Lord Mayfield had told Marston of the contretemps at Fletcher's, and alEO taken him into hia confidence as to his intentions in regard to Daisy. Marston tad done all in his power to ' persuade the infatuated young man to leave the lady alone and not meddle in j the domeBtic affairs of such a dangerous man as the ' Spider.' He pointed out to him the folly of the step he waB about to take, and what an invidious position it would place him in when he returned home and assumed the position in society to which bis rank entitled him. He reasoned with him that women of Diisy Fletcher's disposition were not desirable companions, and pointed cut that their loves were unBtable and inconstant. Although Lord Mayfield heard this good I advice patiently he did not profit by it. He resumed his visits at Fletcher's house, and generally managed to be there when Daisy was alone. He became moro and more intoxicated with her beauty. With all a woman's art and wiles she lured him into the meshes of her net. She could do anything with him, and he knew it. Time after time he implored her to elope with him, and leave all her troubles and trials behind. Daisy would have liked nothing better, but she had a dread of Fletcher's vengeance. She knew the man better than anyone, and was certain he would stick at nothing. Murder was not tco terrible for Fletcher to commit if he could do it without much fear of being dis covered. Her great hope lay in Fletcher's inordinate lovo of money. .She felt that once she was Bafe with Lord Mayfield she cruld buy the man off. It would probably take thousands, but then Lord Mayfield waB willing to sacrifice any amount in order to obtain the woman he had set his heart upon. Once the thing was done Fletcher would have to accept the inevitable, and that in the shape of a stiff sum of money would probably not be unacceptable to j him. Daisy, however, overlooked an important matter. She forgot that Fletcher' could never be bought off, but could constantly harass and annoy her by demands for money, which for her own peace she would havo to supply him with. ' Constant dripping will wear away a stono,' and at last Lord Mayfield, by his continued protestations, had persuaded Daisy to leave Fletcher and live with him. Ho promised to marry her aB Boon as they were eut of the ' Spider's' reaoh. All was arranged, and one afternoon Lord Mayfield called as usual, and Daisy Fletcher left her home with him. Thero waB nothing unusual in this, because they frequently went out together, and the servants took no notice of the occurrence. Fletcher came home, and when ho foHnd Daisy was out with Lord Mayfield he grumbled but said very little, expeoting they wcula return later in the evening. He went into the card-room and there he taw a note cn the table. He picked it up and recognised the handwriting was that of Lord Mayfield. What could this mean? Ho began to have miFgivings, and was reluctant to open the envelope. He felt it between hia fingers »nd tumed it over nervously several times. At loathe opened it and road as follows : ' Daisy has gone away with me. She prefers the society of a gentleman to the brutal insults of a man like yourself. Tou must sot blame her, as I have done all in my power to persuade her to leave you. If you require an explanation I Bhall be willing to afford it you. I enoloso a cheque for JCSOO, which I feel sure you will accept. I will settle the amount with you annually, granting you do not try to see Daisy and annoy myself. Should yon do cither the annuity will at once cease. I trust thiB will be considered a sufficient recompense for any wioog I have done you. For my own patt, 1 feel I have done a good action for once in my life in relieving DaiBy of your presence. There is no need for me to sign tuy name. 'You will know from whom this letter comes by the cheque.' Fletcher turned pale as he read, and it web evident he was in a terrible rage- He bated to be talked about, and he knew he would be unmercifully ohaffed over this affair. The ohequo for £500 somewhat soothed . his feelings, and he thought perhaps after all he was well rid or a weman who had ceased to have any rcBpaok or regard for him. He sat down in an eary chair and thought the matter over ao calmly as he was able. He waa furious at being tricked. He saw that, after all, the scene he had witnessed was real, and that Daisy had deceived him. He felt ho had been duped, fooled, and made ridioulous by a man he thoroughly despised and a woman he loved in his own brutal fashion. Daisy had been very useful to him, and he did not know how to replace hor.'. Ho would have his revenge. What was J6500 a yoftr to a man like Lord Mayfield. He would bleed him and bleed her too, he vowed. Lord Mayfield should rue the day he had rueVAfltd Pftif? t? Jwe hiB bome. Sud denly the thought th&t; Wells, the jockey, was desperately in love with DtiBy, oc curred to bim, and he smiled sardonically, as he thought be saw a way of making tbe man a tool in his hands to work out his plans. ( Be sat for more than an hour planning) and plotting, and at last he appeared to] have made up hie mind. It was evident he] had no intention of tracking tbe runaways) and endeavouring to get Daisy back. He felt it wonld bo almost useless. He most make the' best of it, and 'have it out' in 1 some ether way. - . He rang the bell and explained aB well aa he could do that Mrs. Fletcher could not in future- reside there. That arrangements ' had been made for her elsewhere, aa they had had a misunderstanding and agreed to separate. He said they could all stay on at the house as usual, and he gave them to understand that he should only be home at night-time, when visitors would call as usual. Servants are not slow at jumping at coo - clnsions, and they saw at once tnat Mrs. Fletcher had gone out with Lord Mayfield, never to return. '} he general opinion was that ehe had scted wisely, but for all that there wai a unanimous ohorUB of disapproval at such flagrant conduct. That night it was known at most of tbe rports and fast haunts in town that Daisy Fletcher had eloped with Lord Mavfield. Webb heard it at Tattei sail's Club, and ground his teeth with rage. Marston heard it and said, 'Poor devil !' 'Yes, I'm afraid Lord Mayfield will,' soon tire of her,' said his informant. ' I'm afraid she'll soon tire of him,' was the rejoinder. Kingdon heard it, and said it waa ju8fc wbat ho expected, and he always thought her a bad lot. And the gossip went round, and after being a nine days wonder it ceased to at tract much attention. Ltrd Mayfield and Daisy went direct to Brisbane, and being a truthful recorder of factB I may as well state here, in order that my readerB may not think too hardly of the pair, that they were married there. There conld be no doubt about it. Lord Maj field kept his word, and Daisy Fletcher waB tianEformed into Lady Mayfield, and united to a wealthy nobleman of ancient lineage. They remained in Biisbane a month, and then returned to 8ydney. The an nouncement of the marriage had been published in all the papers. This proved conclusively that Daisy Fletcher had never been Mrs. Fletcher at all, and again there was a chorus of ' I thought ao ! ' ' Knew it all along !?' ' Sly dog, that Fletcher ! ' 'Suppose Mayfield must have como down handsomely and bought the 'Spider' off ! ' Fletcher appeared to have got over hia trouble quickly, and he carried on hia heme in much the same style as he did before Daisy left it. Lord Mayfield had taken a large house in Macquarie-street, and furnished it superbly. He kept his carrap;eB and numerous horseB, and Lady Mayfield was Eoon considered the best dressed woman in tho city. He lavished his gteat wealth upon her, and it waB easy to see the man was completely under her control. A title covers a multitude of einB, and so Lady Mayfield found out. Wealth will accomplish almost anything, and Lord Mayfield meant to buy his wife tbe position he felt she ought to occupy. His house became a fashionable rendez vous, and I am afraid curiosity to see Lady Mayfield had a' good deal to do with attracting the visitors. Daisy bore her new honours with eaae. She was a magnificent woman. No one to look at her would ever read her history. She waB & woman born to be admired, and she demanded homage from tbe men and dared the women to attempt to dethrone her. Lord Mayfield was proud of the sensation his wife caused. Wherever thoy went they were the cynosure cf all eyes. At the theatre Lady Mayfield, resplendent with priceless diamonds and dressed in the height of fashion, caused more sensa tion than the greatest star on the boards. ' Smirk saw her for the first time at the Theatre Boyal, and he was quite over come. 'Why, Smirk, I don't believe you've seen half the play,' said Jack Marston. ' I declare Lady Mayfield has made a hole in your woman-despising heart.' 'She is a remarkable woman,' said Smirk. ' I'd like to know hor. She'd be a desperate customer to tackle.' ' I'll tak e you to Mayfield's andintroduce you,' said Maiston. They went to Mayfield House the next day, and Smirk was oharmed with all he saw. Lord Mayfield could not quite make Smirk out, but as he was a friend of Marston's he presumed it was all right. Lady Mayfield did not feel quite at her ease with Detective Smirk. He looked at her with hiB keen eyes as though ho would pierce her through. She was an interest ing stndy for Smirk, and he liked a woman with a history, as he believed Lady May field had. Marston had told Smirk all he knew about ' Daisy,' and the detective bad come to the conclusion that Fletcher would be a remarkably difficult incon venience for her Ladyship to get rid of. ' I don't much like her looks,' ho said to Jack Maraton as they sat talking over their visit that night. ' She's flighty and dangerous. I could tell she didn't like me. That fellow Fletcher will have a bad half-hour of it if. he gives her much trouble.' Smirk pulled out a neat note book and made an entry. ' What are you doing Smirk ? I never saw Euch a fellow for making notes,' said Marston. Smirk handed over the book, and Mars ton read, ' Lady M. dangerous.' Marston laughed as he said, ' Your diary will afford some interesting reading when you have departed for a better land, Smirk. Why did you make that note t' ' Because I have formed an opinion of her ladyship, and I want to see if it turns out correct. If it does it will prove onco more I am a good judge of character.' ' I suppose you have got me down there t' said Marston. ' Yes, look, there is your oharactor in a nutshell.' ' Marston took the book and read, ' J.M., the only man who ever got the better of f!T.R_' ' Marston laughed heartily as he said, ' Why, anyone would think I was a despe rate criminal if they read that.' ' It's true,' said Smirk. « You turned me from the path of duty, and here I am aotually on terms of friendship with a man I, was paid to traok down and convey safely home to England.' 'I wonder what Fletcher will do,' said . Jack, after a brief spell in the oenveraa- - tion. ? : ' Make it remarkably hot for tho pair of 'em, I should say,' responded .Smirk. 'Yes, but how P Lord Mayfield will, no doubt, make a handsome allowance, and Fletcher will do anything for money.' . 'Except forfeit revenge/ '-eaid Smirk. ' Thero fl bo mischief in thiB affair yet.1' The deteotive ohuokled as though he had scented a neat little affair 'whioh would cause him additional faiue. ~ 'I hope Fletoher will do nothing rash,' Eaid Marston. ' I don't like hia keeping eo quiet; it's dapgeroiu. He never mentions tbe affair; and when he is- spoken to about it laughs, wad fays be ia .well ont of a bod bargain. Webb,, too, has become quite changed rince the marriage took placo. I half believe the pe-or devil was in lave with her himself. Bet- looks- as pale and miserable aa a ghost.' ? It wan true what Marston said. Fletcher had mado no sign ? aa y et, and Daisy com menced to think he wonld leave her in peace. She had seen him once or twice in the street, but he had avoided her glunce. 1 Now that she was Lady Mayfield Daisy |£elt she waa beyond his reach almost. Lord (Mayfield wbb so affectionate, and (gratified her smallest wish, that aho ibegan to love him. She had never met pith such kindness before, and she knew fhat he had made a considerable sacrifice fa marrying her. Daisy was not altogether p bad woman at heart, and, although she Carried Lord Mayfield purely from mer cenary motives, she gradually began to like ' pim tor himself. Tbe 'world' Baid taey Vere miserable 'and serve thom right.' 1 But tbe 'world' was wrong, as ih generally is, and Lord and Lady Mayfield Mere a passably happy pur. . I All was sunshine with them at present, J3£d no dark shadows had fallen across tKeir path. Daisy sometimes thought this peacetulness could not last, aud she dreaded tho day when Fletcher would make a move, aa ehe felt almost certain he would. Fletcher's name waa never mentions 1 between Lord Mayfield and his wife, and he ha? .not told her of the i500 annuity he Un agreed W£*Jve the man. lay field House'tuSjgcame one of the most pdilar places of entcfti&*tamentin Sydney. Ctain people declined tovlfewt there, but Slimajority went ' with the ' Cayfiedd gave the bestdinnera, had 1 beat wines of any man in the cityvtfced wspared no expense to make his house an elective meeting-place. idy Mayfield's name figured aB patiness at church and hospital bazaars, at if a subEcription was wanted for a chdtable object Lady Mayfield generally tepd the list. Fletcher smiled at all thiSisplay. He meant to bide hia time. Win he did make a move he was deter mi:d it should be effectual. 