liISILOP SELWYN. The Right Rev. Bishop Selwyn, who arrived by the n.o. Pateena from Mel hourne on Satirrday, preached yesterday morning at St. John's Church, taking for his text " Go ye therefore and teach all nations, baptising them in the name of the Father, of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, teaching them to observe all things what soever f have commanded you; and lo Ir am itiyu owy, noon unto the and of theit w orl. ae said this woo the charter and mission of the Church of Christ ; the charter because it came from Him to whom all powver wos given in Heaven and in earth, anid wise had ssousred them that that nlinnghty power would be with His din. ciale oeven unto the eed of the world; a mission hecesus it hade them know no test, no cessation, we long as any nation or people so the whele world, had niot heard the Gospel preached. 11e know no dootrine of ssspetoor races. He who took upon Him pelf the likeness of man. They must go to alli uhen, haptislg theuo ino the name of thie Fahster, Son, end Hoely Ghoat. "' Into" was the correct word to use, and meant umore than was expressed by " in." It signified that they must teachs the glorious doctrine of tito Trinity. Here they met one of the principal objections to issions to the heathen, that wes, ignorant heathen, the low races of mankind such ao those of the Hfioslaesias misSion. He had heard it said " How ddu you expect these ignorant heathen to underslatid such a dillfult doctrine as that of thieTrinity ?' To this there was first the unanswerable reply that they had iotgot to choose what they should teach. The ommand was (Ielinite tq baptise into the came of the Holy Trinity. It might he easier to instil into the minds of those heathen the simple formula It There is uit one God, and ahisiomet is His prophet," but he hoped to be blie to show how well adapt d the dox t rise of the Trinity was to the needs of these heathen. Ho would not say that it would be well to go into all the questions which hubtle Hsinds had raised with referencea to the doctrine of the Trinity, but the simple truths in donceotion with it could be snderotood by theos races. The Melanesian mission, which tools in the Salomon Islands and the New Hebrides, wsc an Australian mission. It wao mission rent by Dives to Lazarus by the Australian colonies to the linearss lying directly at their doors. The inhsbi tanto of thise islands were in the very lowest depth of uncivilisation, separated by language, feuds, and religions from each other, and dilficult to reach since the diversity of language alone wos a serious obstacle; villages on the siisoa island sad within a few miles apart, each having its own distinct dialect, differing from the others as completely as Welsh from Irish or Gaelic, The people were in every way ignorant and superatitions, yet, ite said fearlessly, that they were sapable not only of reucivisig Ilhe gousiel (if Chisfit but asioe of teachisig it to their bsrethsrei. No wehito man could comspletely understand the course of thought adopted by thehelseathcn, but their own people could,uandthishsbdlbeen of great service in the extension of the Gespel by native teachers. They needed what the late Bishop used to term "white Hoists to support the black net," and for this reason the white missionaries rendered all the aid they could, while also aiming to interfere as little as poosiblo with the native teachers' independence. The head qusartera of the mission were at Norfolk Island, connected with Tasmania by many long years of history, and in that evil story of the convict times Norfolk Island rivalled this in the black record of crime received into it. He asked them to again connect thes, not by crime, but by the spread of the Gospel of righteousness. The prelate then gave as interesting account of Ili mission, and the dilhieilties in impart ing insetructon. He said that the one thing which reached the hearts of the people was the idea of the fatherhood of God. This was the first great contrist between the Gospel and their own religions. 'they believed that men who had blesigreat on earth would be able to aid or injure es a spirit, according to which family they belonged, and this resulted in ancestor worship. There wern in conie quence a vast multitude of petty spirits, all objects of fear, which they wor shipped, and their lives were burdened with this dread of the malevolence of these spirits. T'I idea therefore of Ilie father. hood of God took hold upon them. Then when they were asked how dii they know that God wise their Father, they told hew He had given sis only begotten Sun that they might live through Him, and thus instilled into their minds the principles of the Christian faith, how to live and how to die. They were then told of the Holy Spirit, who would conquer the evil in them and give them grace to endure to the end. In his coneluding remarks the Bishop said a great work had already been done, and many of the senues of the wildest out rages on Europeans were now civilised centres, and perfectly safe to visit; a number of schools had been established, and at an examination of about 1000 native children a short while hock he found 50 per cent. could read and write. Thesohadbeen taught by native teachers. At the head school consisting of about i0 children little ones 10 years of age could read and write well, say their catechism perfectly, and were as bright, happy children as one could wish to see. He appealed to those present for their prayerful sympathy with the mission. In the afternoon Bishop Selwyn do. livered an addrers in Holy Trinity Church to the children belonging to the different Church of England schoole. The addrnee, which was mado very interesting by anecdotes of events which had transpired in connection with the mission, lasted for an hour, and was listened to with great attention. In the evening the Bishop delivered another sermon at Holy Trinity Church, based on 12th Romans, v. 10, on similar linen to his morning address. 'T'here was a crowded audience, and Archdeacon Hales and the Rev. C. H. Young assisted in the services. ToAceT's PHtAesser, lsvcrmnoy~roesl, I issyo qulto on lnstlsitdon is Lassissstosi, ansi nsirk. Ike solid advance Ohs toess has wmad oser Ohs Tamnr huidge. Thers is suew no neoessity 10 trodgo from Isnversay to Ihrisbane-strate. Yess Tisey's Phorsesoy at alnpyotiws, day orrsilhst If yes wont a ilostor you msuy teirule ohisabm frem Trasey's Pksrmssy, a. IliaC easahlinssmenst yen wasy try a box of tonol iweirele pllte, no estrs miroog fresh solsillis, or easy if the thousand sand ons puteal remedies is ho ebllsn at Troey' hasmas, Iyes anI sells drink, go Is Trocey' lPhoaracy. misers vn*Imny shedrklal tuiassiry, toilet as. oteoun ona Revs Glsars out rats, wise rosehos, floe, snius, buuhugs oto, luralsIssei, okns lashsrahhts *hirsons5. lothski. All 