WllY C'LARKEI.IRUSSELL .ABiAN I)ONED THE SEA. (sEW TOns WORLD.) In one very small particular indeed I may claim to resemble the poet Wordsworth: I am not one whomuch or oft delight. To sean.rn my frends with personal talk- but having been asked to contribute " some thing of a slimn. autobiographical character," it has occurred to me to convert the proposal into an opportunity, that I marbe enabled to answer a question which has been very often put to me since the first of my ocean stories, ",The Wreck of the Grosvenor,' found a public in America. W?7y? did I give up the se?' iHow did it happen, Mr. Clark Russell, that you should have abandoned a vocation which co are never weary of writin about ? There is not a pIag in your novels but expresses you as an rmielt admirer of the deep in every phase of its variable mind, You create some faire fabric of ship or yacht, and 'love it to vitality.' What made yon giveup the sea, then \--vou who are assuredly abreast of most nau tical men in appreciation of the many as in re luctance to admit the sombre characteristic of a calling that has hoisted your tight little island to the world's masthead?:" This is the gist of a fair proportion of the letters I have received from a great number of correspondents in all parts of America since I made my first nautieal scrape. The recurrence of the nquetion has positively grown teasing. I grasp, therefore, w~th avidity the chance now offered me to extinguish for ever, I hope. an almost stereotypot interrogatorsy: Why did I give up the sea ? I might answer this in a single sentence: Because I was sick of it. What fruit do the idealisms of the schoolboy bear when the little creature swaggers with a badge upon his cap and a belt around his waist and bra?s buttons upon his jacket ? I have plucked and eaten of that growth, and I protest there is nothing in the romance and poetry of the ocean to render endurable to what I must term the memory of mr palate the sickening flavour of the pork, the odious steam of the pea-soup, the insufferable smell of warm coup and boulltiuon which I was regaled for over erght years of my young life. But to proceed artistically. It was in the Ltat ship I ever served aboard of as a sailor. IEr name was the Dmucn Dunlr. She was a well-known Australian trade and pasoenger craft named after her owner, a huge. fat, self made purple-face Scotchman with a turtle-soup accent, if rou know what that means, and some two millions sterling to his earnings. She was commanded a by a type of skipper now very nearly extinct, a -sgure formed of oval shanks and up and down anns, and c.arrut-shapd fingers curled like fish-hooks. In the centre of his crimson face shone a fiery pimple of a nose, on either side of which was a somall rheumatic, deep-sunk eye. Iis one headgear, in storm or shine, blow high, blow low, was a tall silk hat. a to!erably good one for Sunday and a shockingly had one -rusty as though till reflecting the angry blush of a stormy saunset-for week days and tuihts. I was this little old man's thinl mate-no very di.tinctuse position to till. though it rwas not without its minute and vexatious duties and responsibilities. He did not love me-hoe once caught me mimicking him: I was imitating lis walk and bearing, and looking up at the break of the poop. I met his eye. There was not much of it, indeed. to meet. but what little there was shone with resentment like the glowing end of a cigarette. A row wIntTH nrt cPTrs. IHe duat not challenge my meaning, for I was acting before a number of passengers, and ar explanation must have proved more cm barra-sing to hit. than to me: but he was aftertanrh always on the look-out to punish by houmiliating me. As an example, an order was riven to reef tobsaiL.. I sprung into the rigging for the weatlher maintop-ail eorin- but before I was up to the futtock shrouds the old m:an was agan rmrnng: " Conie down, Mr. iussel. cotne down. sir: You're too young, sir: You hain't got ibeef enough in re for such work: Lay down, sir, isfore you're overboar ! " Tlrere were mane ladry ;ssen gers on datck at the time, and I continued mr climb, heedless of his yells, hot as fire with wrath an-d shame from my toes to the topmost curl on my head. Well, now, the Dunlar Dunbar, homeward bound from Sydney, was aptproaching the longi tude of the Horn. We were very far north: the ohld man had got some half-muddlled notion of the Great Circle sailing under his chimney-pot hat, and we were as high as fifty-nine or sixty degrees, running one afternoon before a gale of wind from the westward. a sea as tall as our mizzentop following us till, if you stood aft and watched the slope of the ship'; long flying body when the huge foaming knoll took her fair under her roaring counter, 'twas like looking down a steep hill, with the curve of the bow flat as a sioen in the livid hollow and the well steered bowsprit and jiblr ems a horizontal line. Our canvas was a arrow hand of close-reefed metintolead and a foretopms:t ,tavsail. Though about 2 o'clock in the afternoon watch, the month being May. it was moreasort of visible flring dust than daylight all about us, often hoary with such snow qualls as you must enter those parallels to meet with the like of; so that a?.airn and aain, to an observerstanding aft, the ship seemed cut in two, all forward of the mainmast hidden in the boiling smother of tflkes and the two fellows ?.rindin. at the whecl dim as dreams, as you looted at them from the break of the poop. It was at this break of the poop that I was standing with the chief mate; the sklipaer was aft holding on by the rang that steadied the mizen gall; the hands were under cover. There were two men forwar on the lookout for ice. but they only showed at irtervals when the snow thinned and d t the topgallant forecastle gleam out crystal white. The roaring of the wind was like thunderabout our masthcads, but the snpeed of the ship, that was probably twelve knots an hour, trook a ]rtion of the weight out of it, and it was possible to converse. The mate was a Scotchnmm. the most agreeable perron I was evcraeaxiated with at sea; a sailor of intelli gence and of great experience, who was gooiad enough to haul his wind for me in prolortion as my bow-legged friend aft made sail t'other way. Ac seitnr RrEAD AIteeD. Tlhis gentleman and I were chatting very ami. ably together as we overhang the hbrass rail, when suddenly he stiffened himself up like a marlin-spike and fell a sniffing violently as though to the sudden rising of sonme evil odour. "I ormell ice:" sind he. I ?siffed a-'ain, but could taste nothing but snow. " There's ice in the tneiglbourhoot !" cried he, still sniffing, and was about to thal the forecastle. when there arose a loud and fearful crr from that quarter of the ship. .'Ice right trhead, sir!"' Iceo right ahead:" shrieked the mate, wheeling round to the captain. "I s'e it, sir, I see it:" howled thie skipper. "hard up, h-red upr!" The potkes fahed in tho handa of the twon sarmen like the driving wheel of a locomotive, and the whole ship. naing to thie height of a huge 'Pacific sure, paid off with the nimblenovs of something sentient in terror of its life;: whilst at the instant right over the star. Iboat ctheraul there leapt out of the whirling, whitened gloom an Alpine height of ice, a lroligious berg wRith Its summits obscured. leaving it to seem thousaens of feet digh to the insaginatirn,. The sn. broke in hils of foam agaist its weather side; the re verberatio of tie galegl irn harte, raviee, ned or. werae to the o:r wiitl the uproar of a hunored bro:etLsirtl throughll tfle pouring seined, that produtel the amazing naunnd: it ohowed g'ecu. glittering, ghlatly, then vanLshed aIeam amnid the rattling of the main toluail and the ahoek of the brlows of bumps of flatthing fIe. ruslaieg alone our bende. hIer ,I leorhcl., sir ' was aotai yelled from the froceetle; and right over our jitb-boom loomed out such another islord as we head narroswly miused. Fortunately the snowr just then eased-, the horizon cleared to the dieltance of a mile. and we nero prenantle hvae to, maling noble eather of it: buwht wt en wet blowt teight bells I found myself unasually reflective. 11al sorts of prejudice and thoughta which had been hangimig loose about me lhardening into a resolution which held me so moody that Ifor1ot to swear when at all yr, a gluttonous aidsnip man told m that t ihe pork ws eten, and when t disuearel, it eounoetenre of the grlles fire being wannhd out, there was nothig iet~er to make a meal of than soft honynmtubel ship's bread and a punikin of cold water. tEDIT3TL 0 O0 II-S SADB IlO . I meditated a good deal that night in msy bunkeandoarock. Itsyaaa purtOf the world to renelr fancy acute; hortbip enoagh below in ahole admoersn to rutnrction awith the "met groaning of the laboring etrip. 'infittely eretucholy with the du'ky Iflitting thut brovereed uepon the almrphec frmt the smoking and snuseous-omelling flame of a Ltmepwik fed by slash, and inrl, rrsoibly utcomfortable withithe drainings of water tlrough the auttles into the bunks and the wash of black bIrise to and fro, to and fro, upon the cabin floor, but hideously miserable on deck which you went to fresh from such warmth as you woulf get out of your blankets, and where yuu founl te lackTne'ra full of thunder and friust and seet and now, with the waist and gangway every now and again echoing, like a volcanmic ploion, to the miting of n een sea of .1ira-like prrot tiout, pummbunn ilmy oaf utf our imaletonl alt0 ta lewat, ; itto t?te dtcht'eitb tht wniht of a great building comin daw nall at onceand with a run. Why am I here? thought . Whatis this sort of life going to do for me Had we struck the iceberg this afternoon we should havo been telescoped into about an eighth part of our leth, as you close the tubes of a spy-glas,. and gone down like a deep-sea lead with nc'er a fragment of anything to survive us as a hint of our end. so that what had become of us would, at home, have remained to eternity a matter of idle conjecture. Why am I here t thought I. How much am I earning Heaven bless me: two pounds a month only! Iow much has this traning cost my father : Above two hundred guineas in premiums, not to speak of outfits, mess money, and the like, wheh I dest not attempt to usess. For what flag do I toil? Thus I melitated to the accompaniment of that Cope Horn gale. Well, the weather moderated neat day at dawn: the ship was got before it, the reefed foresail set, a couple of reefs shaken out of the main top ail, and awna drove the noble old fabric, surging through the swi!len knolls of yeast with thoe eadlong hurry of a creature mad in her vearnings for the sun. The decks were to be ashod down. The poop was my particule rea: for as third mate it was my business to receive the water handed in buckets from a little pump before or abaft the mizzen mast-I forget which-and rush it along, caling upon the middies to scrub handsomely while. saw that every portion of the deck was t ouvhly cleansed. We carried hen coops either side the poop: under the hen-cog were battens designed to prevent the dirt : the coops from sifting out on to the cleat tlanks when the ship was on a wind or waen she rolled. In washing down, these battes were always removed to enable the water to sweep frely under the coops. The captain was on deck, as usual, pacing to wind ward in a pair of galoches and his high bat, which seemed to cling to his head with the tenacity of a sou'-wester. The poop being washed down, I fell half frozen, and in a very ugly temper, to replacing the battens, but one was mrioaug. I looked about for it, but it was nowhere to he ieen. My captain was as penurious a rogue as ever saved money out of nautical cheese-paring theloss, therefore, of an oid piece of wood would necessarily affect him as a very couniderable blow. nEFItdCO TO 0W tcTr. "lWhere's the batten, Mr. Russell " he " I don't know, sir." " Don't knhow : But you mst know :" he shouted with his face like a north-west moon in the German Ocean. '" Where is it, " I am afraid it i. overboaed."said I. " By G-!" he hIllowed, " if it is overboard. you go after it :" I ran my eves from his galoches to his fiery pimple of a nest. " Find it, sir : find it :" he screamed, bring. int his feet with a s.luelching blew of the galoche down on the deck. I waolke forward. and after partaking of a cup of coffee with the boatswain in his berth. I returad to the poop refreshed, wrm and re solved. I walked eight up to the s-ipper. " Now, Mr. -- ," said I, not condecend ing to term him captain, to which title no ship master has right, "I've had enough of sea. faring, and as I propose to abandon the life when I reach the Thames. I think I may as well coil up and stop short just here." "Go below, sir :" he rared. "You're treated me very rudelv." I con tinued, astonished by my o:rn determina tion, "and have sh!own yourself utterly incapable of distinguishing letween persons. Your master has had a very grat deal of money out of my father, as you know, and if there were more to be ob'ained I don't question that you would have uted me verr much more cirillr. Sir, Im sick of the sea. sick of this ship, and sick of saying I walked off the poop, leaving the old chap epeechdles with rage. I often wonder I did not cause his death. Ie had heart disease, and dropped dead at his door soon aftr the arrival of the ship in the Thames. IHalf n hour after, the steward came to the midshipman's berth and told me the captain wanted me. I went aft to his cabin. where I found him stting at the table. I see his white hair now, contrasting with his purple face, aud remember his old mackintosh swinu?nig against the bulkhead with his hat on top of it, looking exactly like him, as though indeed he had hanged himself. The official log-book was be fore him. " You refuse dutyr:" " Most emphaticaily." said I. On that he "lgg-d" me, and then I went about my business. I was suppo?.d to be on bread and water for the rest of the time, but I toanageil pretty well on the cabin leavings, through tpping the stew ant. All the wra home I never did a harder stroke of work than cutting up sticks of Caren. dish tolac o and smoking them. In fact, as I have said, I was sick of the life: but since then, thanks prohably to a course of spring mattresoes, gool roast beef, dry cloth?. rest o' nights. and total freedom from the obligation oi scrubbing plmaks and tarring rigging, I have discovered that the ocean is not wholly without . romance. Let the ghost of my oli skiper. however, consider itself avenged.: for I believe I owe the rheumatism that has afflicted me now most conscientiousl for the last four years wholly to a trick of sitting too late oi the cooking-hatch of a night. smoking and varnin I with anyone I could detain througi sheer loathing of the cabin below, in which I was supposed to be imprisontd. CLrn It Lt L.. 