Caleg, tit. THE CONFEDERATE CHIEFTAINS. A TALE OF THE IRISH OF 1641. REBELLION PAET II. CHAPTER IIL—(Continued.) ST ME8. J, SADLIHB, Author of" New lights," " Plaices and Flamgant," " WxUy "Burke" Bed Sand of Dieter, etc." IT was night when the corpse was brought home, ahd according to the custom of those people then, as now, it was laid out in solemn lonely state in one of the principal apartments, with two great Wfix tapers at the head and two more at the feet. At the lonely hour of midnight, when the weary watchers in the ante-room werd fast asleep, Emmeline stood like a white-robed spirit by the couch of death; her pale face looking paler still under the long tresses of fair silky hair which hung ; over her shoulders in wild disorder. Her eyes were stony and fixed as those of a statue, and her clasped hands rested against her bosom —the whole figure motionless and silent, as though no breath of life warmed the heart within. At last the beautiful lips parted and a sigh, a deep-drawn sigh, came forth, and another moment's pause, and Emmeline spoke in a low murmuring voice like the whisper of ocean shells— . 'Father, blame me not if my words were prophetic! Thou knowest, oh! author of my days! that it was a fiendish act, and the groans of his anguish rent my heart asunder—but still—still—I was. wrong—oh ! how wrong to speak such bitter words for a father's ear!—alas ! alas! I deemed not then that the dark hour was so near at hand! God pity you, my father, as you lie there with a mountain weight of blood upon your soul and the curses of so many widows and orphans ringing on the • midnight air around you ! We loved not, oh father! thou wouldst not have us love thee, but oh! my heart is breaking with the thought that I--I,' thy only daughter —did, as it were, evoke this untimely end! To my dying day I shall have this dismal sight before mine eyes} as the heart-wrung groans of one too well beloved are ever in my ear. Oh! that eye could see or ear could hear no more—oh! that this heart were as cold and pulseless as thine now is! But, great God, who visiteth the sins of the fathers on their children, I must e'en wait till thy rigorous justice hath been satisfied in my regard. Father, farewell! If it afford thy vengeful spirit aught of consolation, know that the daughter who gave thy paternal heart such a deadly wound is as miserable as even thou couldst wish!' Stooping down, she kissed the ghastly brow of the sleeper, and muttering to herself, « I might not, dare not, would not kiss him thus, were he not dead— dead!" She glided again through the anteroom, where the hired watchers still slumbered on, and unseen, unheard, reached her own apartments just as a fierce gust of wind shook the doors and windows of the old house. All that night the wild storm howled without, moaning dismally in the passages and wide chimneys, and making all within the house to shudder. It seemed as if legions of tortured ghosts were keeping watch and ward over that lifeless body, shrieking for vengeance on the parted soul— and little wonder if they were in shadowy crowds around,. for it was Sir Charles Coote that lay there dead !* CHAPTEE iy. "OB.L ^ayan 1" J»e cried, "mybleeding oountiy la there toobuan on irigh toshieldthe brave P Yet, .though destruction sweep those lovely lien I our country yet remains ! By thut dread name, we wave the sword -on high And swear with her to live—with her.to die I" CAMPBELL'S Pleasures of Bope. ON the 10th day, of May, just three days after die tragical end of Sir Carles Coote, the patriot prelates of Ireland, with very 'fi^exceptions, came together by previous, ^pointmentin the ancient cify ot this 1 Baiters,:'to'deliberate with such tit 'the lay-lords as .cpjiid conveniently be present, oi) the affairs of t}je *^he Ulaient town of Trim was, as Carte quaintly observes,' "the {tragic stage.whereon he (Ooote) afcted Ills last part." Brewer, in his " Beauties of Ieelamd/i gives the following account of the death of Coote:—" 'yVhUst the town was possessed by the Oa.1liimavit.iqr noVtv in lfld.4 If lianama ttia flMnA the.town, at the break of . day, in a tumultuous ptety.-saia so have been 3000 strong. Sir Charles, on ; the >ilrgt alarm, iwued from the gate, at the head of .4 few hprse soldiers, leaving others to follow as huietly as they could muBter. Intheoharge which ilstaadelibori fchft ttsailahts, Coote was * ' ' ' and it Ms/thought that the ball was Jjiona pf his o^p troopers.'! pending struggle. After many days of calm and prayerful deliberation, during which divers wise rules and regulations were devised and ordained, a solemn scene took place in the pld.Cathedral Church of St. Canice, when all the lords, temporal and spiritual, and all the Catholic knights and gentlemen then within the city, assembled by appointment to take the oath of association, drawn up by the bishops as a bond of union between the so-long conflicting races now embarking in the same glorious cause. It was evening, and the last beams of the setting sun were reflected in all the colours of the rainbow in diagonal lines verging towards the high altar from the richly-stained windows facing westward. | The young May moon,' dimly visible in the azure firmament, waited but the withdrawal of the more brilliant luminary to shed in her mild rays on the tesselated pavement and the time-worn walls, and the solemn assembly of the holy, the brave, and the noble. Many tapers were burning on and around the grand altar, votive offerings from the knights and nobles present to our Lady and good St. Canice, and their light fell on the calm, collected features of the bishops and other dignitaries of the church as they occupied the stalls and benches of the chancel. Without the rood-screen in the spacious nave stood a crowd of the noblest and bravest of the land, most of them men of Gorman blood, for the summons to take the oath had not as yet reached the Irish country, whereas Kilkenny, being one of the chief cities of the Pale, its Catholic lords and gentry were there in numbers. Almost the only noble of Irish extraction present was Lord Muskerry, but of the spiritual lords, the highest dignitaries were of the old blood, although very many of the inferior orders of the clergy were of English extraction. But there was one Irish chieftain present, who might well look with a swelling heart on that proud array, for the organisation now at length assuming tangible shape had been first conceived in his fertile brain, and owed more of its present strength to him than to any other living man. That chieftain was Eory O'More, who, with his constant friend, Plunket, stood in a corner just behind where Lord Muskerry sat with the banner of MacCarthy hanging in heavy folds above him. It were hard to describe O'More's thoughts when, just as the first ray of moonlight streamed in through a window opposite, Hugh O'Neill, the venerable primate, ascended the steps of the altar, and, after a short but touching prayer, gave utterance to the solemn words* which each one present repeated after him, holding up their right hands. ' Thank God,' exclaimed O'More, with that fervour which belonged to his character, as he and Plunket quitted the church side by side, and turned in the direction of the river to enjoy a moonlight stroll on its verdant banks, ' thank God, Plunket, things begin to stand on a more solid foundation. Much hath been already done by this synod——' ' Truly, yes,' said Plunket,' this oath was happily devised. Pray heaven it answer the intent of its pious framers and clasp the old and new Irish together for so long as this struggle lasts ! An' the vessel fall to pieces again, before our enemies are brought to terms, the condition of the people will be worse than it ever hath been.' •Marry, so think I, but, prithee, Eichard, let us not give way to gloomy imaginings now when all seems bright and of good promise. I would there had been more of the old blood present, so •The oath of asspciation taken by the Con federate Catholics was as follows .—"I. 7.go profess, BWear.' and protest -before God, andfiis Lints and angels, that I will, during my life, bear tree faith and allegiance to my Sovereign lord, Charles, by the Grace of Gtod, King of Great Britain, Franoe, and Ireland, and to his heirs ana lawful successors; and that I wilL to jny power, during my life, defend, uphold, and maintain all his and their Just prerogatives, estates, and Wghto, the power and privilege of the Parliament of this realm, the fundamental laws of Ireland, the free exercise of the Boman Catholic faith and religion throughout this lwidj and thelives, lust: liberties, possessions, estates, and righto of all those that have taken, or that shall Uke this oaih, and perform the oontents thereof; and that I will obey and ratify all the orders and decrees made and to be made by the Supreme Counoil of the Confederate Catholics of this kingdom, concerning the said public cause; and I will not seek, direotly or indirectly. amy pardon or protection for any act done, Or to be done, touching this general cause, without the consent of the major part of said council, and that I will not, direotly or indireotly, do any aot or acts that shall prejudice the said cause/ but will, to the hMartof _my life and estate, assist, prosecute, and maintain the satne.^ "Moreover, I do further swear that I wul not accept of, or submit unto, any peace made, or to bi ma«e» with the said Confederate Catholics, without the consent and;; approbation .of . the general assembly of the said Confederate Catholics, 2nd for the preservation and strengthening of the, association slid union of the kingdom. That upon any peace or accommodation to be made or con- SudeSwith the said Confederate Catholics as aforesaid, I will, to the utmost of my power, insist upon and maintain the ensuing propositions, until wpeace, as aforesaid, be made, and the matters to beagreed upon in the articles of peace to be established, and securert by Parliament. So help me, God, and His holy Gospel." „.. " Such," Btys Bet. Mr. Meehan, in his "Cen. federation of Kilkenny." huohwaa the solemn bath, or' fodus," which gave a distiuot appellation to those who bound themselves by it, and whom we fere henceforth to knowas the Confederate Catho- )io*ot Ireland." • • tbfat the voices of all blending in that solemn vow, the bond of union might bo henceforth and for ever cemented with brotherly love. What thinkest thou, keen lawyer as thou art, of these rules already drawn up and the ordinances made P't ' it would ill-become me to find fault with them,' said Plunket, with his humourous smile, ' seeing that they be in part my own bantlings.. However, such, as they are, methinks no Catholic can cavil at any of them. The formation of the councils is a grand stroke, a capital stroke, friend Soger, and as for the other several ordinances, they serve, if other purpose they had not, as a sort of creed for our National Confederation. I tell thee, Roger,' said Plunket, warming with his subject as he the more considered it, ' I tell thee, the work already done by this assembly of lords, temporal and spiritual, will make amends tons—aye, an hundred times over—for that unhappy .affair of Mageny. Nay, never look so downhearted, Boger! that was a heavy blow, God knows, but the wound it gave the nation happily reached no vital part. See you not how full of life vre are—aye! in truth, vigorous and lusty as the mountain roe, and as ready t^> overleap all manner of obstacles that lie between us and freedom. Think no more of it, Boger, (there was no blame attached to any who fought there ' 'Still,. Eichard, you must own it was discouraging, to say the least of it. Think <>f all the noble gentlemen whose names are covered with the disgrace of that action. There was Mountgarret himself, Dunboyne and Skerrin, Sir Morgan Cftvanagh, O'Byrne, and, lastly, my humble self. Such a show of men and officers of note, and all for nothing— worse than nothing. Ah! Plunket, men may talk as they will of numerical strength, but, after all, discipline is the main thing—we Irish were taught a fearful lesson at that same bridge of Mageny, to wit, that vast bodies of men are but an incumberance on the field of battle if they be not well trained and well accoutred.' ' How, think you, will Clanrickarae and those of his party take our ordinances?' said Plunket, partly with a view to change what he knew was a painful subject. ' Not over well, I imagine, seeing that no alternative is left them but excommunication, if so be they persevere in their present abetment of the enemy's courses.' 'Excommunication quotha!' repeated f The following enactments were made by this Counoil, "for the conservation and exercise of this union"—viz., between all "Irish peers, magistrates, noblemen, cities, and provinces." Their wisdom, moderation, and entire fitness for tha object in view must strike all who read them:— "I. Whereas, the war which now in Ireland the Catholics do maintain against seotaries, and chiefly against PuritanB, for the defence of the Catholic religion—for the maintenance of the prerogative and royal rights of our gracious King Charles—for pur gracious Queen, as unworthily abused by the Puritans—for the hononr, safety, and health ot their royal issue-for to avert and repair the injuries done to them—for the conservation of the just and lawful safeguard, liberties, and rights of Ireland—and, lastly, for the defence of their own lives, fortunes, lands, and possessiens;—whereas this war is undertaken for the aforesaid causes against unlawful u»upers, oppressors, and the enemies of the Catholics, chiefly Puritans, and that hereof we are informed, as well by divers and true remonstrances of divers provinces, counties, and noblemen, as also by the unanimous consent and agreement of almoet the whole kingdom in this war and union—we, therefore, declare that war, openly Catholic, to be lawful and just; in which war, if some of the Catholics be found to proceed out of some particular and unjust title—covetbnsness, cruelty, revenge, or hatred, or any such unlawful private intentions—we declare them therein grievously to sin, and, therefore, worthy to bo punished and restrained with ecclesiastical censurra if, advised thereof, they do not amend. . f II. Whereas the adversaries do spread diveTS rnmours, do write divers letters, and, under the King's name, do print proclamations, which are not the King's, by whioh means divers plots and dingers may ensue unto our nation; we, therefore, to stop the way of untruth, and forgeries of political adversaries, do will and command that no such rumours, letters, or proclamations, may have plaoe or belief until it be known in a national council, whether they truly proceed from, the King, left to his own freedom, and until agents of this kingdom, hereafter to be appointed by the National Council, have free passage to his Majesty, whereby the kingdom may be certainly informed of his Majesty's intention and will. "IIL Westraightly command all our inferiors, as well churchmen as laymen, to make no alienation, comparison, or difference between provinces, cities, towns, or families ; and, lastly, not to begin or forward any emulations, or comparisons whatsovever. . . , , . .. . " That in every provinoe of Ireland there be a Counoil made up, both of clergy and nobility, in which council shall be so many persons, at least, as tie counties in the province, and out of every' city or notable town, two persons. " V. Let one general council of the whole kingdom be made, both of the clergy, nobility, cities, notable towns, in which council there shall be three out of every province, and out of every oity, one; or where cities are not, out of the chietest towns. To this council the provincial councilsehall have subordination, and from thence to it may be appealed, until this National Council shall have opportnuity to ait together. •" VI. iiet a faithful inventory be made, in every provinoe, of the murders, burnings, and other cruelties which are permitted by the Puritan enemies, with a quotation of the plaoe, day, cause, manner, and persons, and other circumstances, subscribed by one of public authority. "VII. We do declare and judge all and every suoh as do forsake this anion, fight for our enemies, acoompany them in their war, defend, or in any way assist them, to be exeommunioaced, and. by these presents, do excommunicate them. "Tin. We will and deolareall those that mur. der, dismember, or grievously strike, all thieves, unlawful spoilers, robbers of any goeds, to be ex. oammtmiooted, and so to remain till they completely WUB-U amend and satisfy, ^X no less than if they were namely proclaimed excommunicated. — Jttsekatfs'OonfedewtionoIEUkenny.'p.SO." Plunket, with that caustic humourwhich ever characterised him;' methinks, Boger, such Catholics as Ulick Burke take little heed of spiritual censures. So long as they be not debarred from Government favour, or the emoluments of office, the bishops mav curse them "bell, book,and candle-light," without troubling their digestion in the least. , May Goa confound all such white- livered, time-servpg knaves, say I.' ' I do heartily admireyour honest indignation, Eichard,' said O'More, with his genial smile; ' albeit that you may iuflge my Lord Clanriokarde over harshly. I am told here that an effort will shortly be made by some of the bishops to bring him over to his rightful place in this struggle, let us wait to see what effect their remonstrance will have before we judge the earl with such pitiless severity. But hark! is not that the; ninth hour sounding from the old clock of, St. Canice? By my word, Richarjl, it is. We have tarried over long,, you see, beguiled by the beauty of earth and sky, and the Nore's tremulous : reflection, of yonder planet's silvery beams. Muskerry and Mountgarret and the rest will deem us somewhat indifferent counsellors, an' we try their patience in this wise.' ; . . , ' The fault is yours, good friend mine, rejoined Plunket, with a laugh; ' sooth to say, Madam Luna hath no .such charms for me that for her dear sake I would take to wandering, ghost-like, amongst the night-shadows. A soul full of poetry like yours must needs do homage to the queen of night, but a man of prose such as I hath more fondness for the busy, bustling, matter-of-fact daylight, when all the world is up and doing. However, Roger, my good fellow, an' you quicken your steps, so as to reach the Swan before our noble friends* patience be exhausted, we may e'en have business of some import on hands to- night touching matters to be brought before the synod to-morrow.' O'More was no less anxious than' his friend to reach the place of appointment, whither they were invited to meet the lay-lords of the council at, a supper given by Lord Mountgarret, for the avowed purpose of conferring together on the further proceedings of the deliberative body. Yet still the brave chieftain could not repress a lieavy sigh as the old tavern* broke on his view at the turn of one of. jthe abrupt angles in which Kilkenny, like most ancient cities, abounds. He was thinking, as Plunket rightly guessed, of that other such preliminary night-meeting which ended in the capture of M'Guire and M'Mahon. 'Forgive me, Eichard, if I appear gloomy and despondent. It is not from any fears anent the success of our cause that I now heave the sigh, but my heart is ever heavy when I bethink me of those two gallant friends of ours cooped up within the four walls of a dungeon at such time as this when most the country needs the swords and strong arms of her sons, nothing knowing, nothing hearing of what passeth amongst us, their friends and comrades, other than what their gaolers may see fit to tell them. Oh, friends! friends! brave and generous and true-hearted! shall these eyes ever behold ye again P Shall your longr shackled limbs ever bear ye agpin in freedom over the green fields where yp sported but few short months ago, lightsome and swift as the red deer of the mountains ?' They had just reached the door of the Swan, and Plunket, who was himself catching the infection of hiB friend's melancholy, was not sorpy to exchange his sole companionship for the cheerfuL animated, and somewhat noisy,. croyv4 already occupying the Swan's best apartment. Happily for all conpjjrned, no untoward occurrence came._to ma? the social enjoyment of 'that, ^pjrng, which was long looked back ,uppn: by the gallant gentlemen there assBfliblp/l as a pleasant oasis in the 4e?ort.pf jpngi protracted warfare. Few evenings fell to the lot of many there in after times. .••.-. •Lest our readers should be in any degree, soondalised at thB place chosen for such an entertainment by such a company, it may be well to observe that the word hotel had no place In the Vocabulary ot our ancestors, nor had the word iovarn.fhe sua* signification that it now has. Inn and tavern .^Wfi the common names-applied to all houses Of entertainment. • • -•' • {To be continued.) • THE highest academical distinction won at Cambridge has-thia year fallen to an old Melbourne TJDiversity fituflenti Mz^. Mitehell, who has been; bracketed with Mr. H. F. Baker for the Simth'^;pnze<, ;£ V FOOB Sisters of Charity saOecf for .the Bahamas on the 20th October, to open fk school for the little negroes.. . ". 