FIFTY YEARS OF PRESBY TER! ANISM IN VICTORIA. Dr.. Campbell tells us in n prefatory note that his Fifty Years of Presbjiterianism in Victoria was written at tlio request of the General Assembly!. Jubilee Committee ; but he gives us no information whatever as to tlie object which the Committee lind specially in view in making tho request His silcnco ou this point is very remarkable, sinco a well written history of tho Rise and Progress of Presbyterinnism in the colony had appeared but a few months previously, and was evidently intended as a memorial of the jubiloe celebra tion, being actually entitled A J tibilcc History of the Presbyterian Church of Victoria. If the Committee did not mean to ignore the existence of that work, or to put any slight upon the Rev. Dr. Hamilton, it3 author, why does not Dr. Campbell say so at onco? In the body ofhis work, it is true, lie refers more than once to Dr. Hamilton, and in one part actually distinguishes him as being, to use his own words, "the his torian of our church." But surely tlie most proper place for making such an acknowledg ment was tho preface, whore lie hnd tlie first opportunity, of obvinting any misconceptions wiiioh might possibly arise. But why should there be any misconception at all, it may be asked. AVhy should it be thought for. a -moment that any slight or rivalry, was . intended t Was there riot room for both works 1 Was thore not a sort of demand for a work of smaller . size than. Dr. Hamilton's, a work written on somewhat different lines .and published at such a price as would ensure the widest possible circulation ? Such a handbook as these queries suggest was doubtless desirable, and lias been well supplied, -upon the whole, hy Dr. Campbell's Jubilee Sketch. The wonder is that he makes no mention in his prefatory, note of any. such desideratum. What is stranger still, perhaps, is that, while absolutely silent on this subject, Dr. Campbell takes occasion to refer to "somethings" con tained iu his Jubilee Sketch which " he thought ought to he said," and for saying which ho expects to " bo forgiven." He does not explain what the "things " are which pressed so heavily upon his conscience and yet, seemed' to need for giveness. So we nre left to wonder and to conjecture as wo please. It is not without con siderable hesitation, Dr. Campbell tells us, that he undertook to write his sketch. "Is n genuine Church history possible," he asks, "and if it wore possible, would it be readable?" "Is it not tho fact," ho adds, "that Church history is regarded as- the dullest and most repulsive kind of litera ture?" Why Church history should have such a bad character it is somewhat hard to say. Wo suspect that the fault lios more with the historian than with his subject. However that may lie, Dr.. Campbell may set bis mind at rest so far as his own performance is concerned, for it is thoroughly readablo. He is apt to bo digressive at times, but lie is nover dull. His narrative is clear, easy and un affected. In the course of eight chapters, con cise yet sufficiently comprehensive to put tho general reader in possession of all that he cares to know of the subject, we have por trayed tlio. rise of l'resbytcrianism in tlie early, quiet, pastoral times ; tho sudden change iii the condition of society caused by the gold discovery ; tlie rapid increase of population ami tho multixilication of cuiigregations ; the influx of ministers from home to meet the religious wants of tiie community : the sectional differ ences amongst tho Presbyterians, and the efforts to combine tho three Synods in one united 1'rcs- byterian body. These eight chapters are purely historical, nnd constitute tiie first part of the work. . . Before proceeding further we may say that there are in this first part several mis takes to be, met with; some of tlioin trivial perhaps, and due to inadvertenco, hut others more or less serious. Of the former cha racter is the mistake as to the date, of Cax>tain Cook's planting tlie Britisli flag iu Botany Bay, which should be 1770 instead of 1778. Of the same oharaetor we may regard the repeated mis takes as -to tlie designations applied tn tlie several sections into which tlio Presbytorinnism of Australia was at one time divided. The Pres bytery of ' Sydney, for instance, is confounded wi th what was formerly kuowa as the P resby t-ery of New South Wales, and tlieSynodof NewSouth Wales is again 'confounded with what was -then.a separate body, known as. tho Synod, of Australia. Wo may also set down as a mero inadvertenco tlie trivial mistake made with regard to Dr. Lang, tho founder of Presbyteriaiiism iu Australia. Our author, sxicaking with some hesitation, says: — "He camo hero iu 1823, on the invitation, I suppose, of Sir Thomas Brisbane, who wns ail older of tlie Scotch Kirk." Had Dr. Cainxibcll consulted Dr. Lang's pub lished works lie would have seen it distinctly stated that it wns his own impulse entirely which led Dr. Lang to emigrate. The mistake made with regard to Mr. Forbes, tho first minister of tho Soots' Church, Melbourne, is not so easily accounted for ou tho score of inadvertence. Mr. Fui-bcs is represented as having niudc the sovorcst sacrifice of the six ministers who left tlie Synod of Australia at tlio time of tlie disruption, lie alono having forfeited iiis Stnto salary. The truth is that tho whole six forfeited their State salaries along with iiiin. Still less eusy is it to account for the . representation given of a minister who oamo from tho United Presbyterian Church at home to join : tho United Presbyterians here. "The Rev. Robert Hamilton," it is said, "had arrived in the colony just before the diggings broke out, nnd tlie U. 1'. Presbytery of Melbourne, who numbered eleven seasoned men, immediately sent off this raw recruit to make au acquaintance with Australian life and work at Bailnrat, and afterwards at Forest- field aud olsewhorc." " Forestfield" should be written Forest Creckf of course. But what are we to think of tho slur east upon the " eleven -seasoned men " who sent tho "raw recruit" to rough it among the diggers, being too lazy to budgo themselves. If Dr. Campbell meant it for a bit of chaff it was ' in questionable taste, to say the least. Mr. Hamilton .was no more a "raw recruit" at the time referred to than Dr. Campbell himself, having been twelve years in the ministry before ho came out herb. Equally reprehonsible is the snub administered to another United Presby terian minister iu representing him as having "como to tlio' colony' with a hostile intent." , Mr. ' Ramsay, the minister referred to, ; was known as an ardent Voluntary at home, and tho imxmtation.is that he camo out for tlie Bpeoial purpose of cham pioning tlio Voluntary causo liero. Such a purposo appears to hnvo been offensive to tiie Free Church x>arty, who, though Voluutarios' in practice, stilladliercd theoretically to their State church principlos. As it haxipoued, the first service in which Sir. Ramsay was engaged was to supply the Scots' Church xiulpit for three months, ponding the.arrival of Sir. Hethoring- ton, and Dr. Campbell, instead of commend ing Sir. Ramsay for his courtesy in lending a helping hand whero help was particularly needed, actually charges him with inconsist ency, and chuckles over it. " It must have perplexed and amused some xieople," he says, "to see the champion of voluntaryism opening his crusade in the Scots' Church pulpiit, wliioli one minister biul been obliged to vacate because at a great sacrifice ho had abandoned his State connection, nnd which was about to bo filled by another who could legally' fill it becuuso he continued in that connection." Dr. Campbell's antipathy to everything couneoted with Voluntaryism greatly misleads him here. Tlio same feeling misleads him again when lie comes to deal with tlie negotiations for union. It is unfair, if not literally untrue, to say thnt the United Presbyterian ministers " drew back," as if tiioy wero not cordial to the union. As a matter of fact it was the United Presby terian ministers who initiated tho movement. They made their piroxiosal in tho first instance to the Free Church Synod, becauso that body was then, to use his own words, " standing alongside of thein Upon voluntary ground," but they were repulsed by the Free Churchmen, who delayed their reply for a whole year, and then sent" one whioh contained an implied insinuation as to the soundness of tlie United Presbyterian standards on tho relations of Church and State, and tho suffici ency of their course of education for tlie ministry. If there was any drawing hack at nil, it was rather on the part of tho Free Church than of the United Presbyterian Synod. Those who remember the rancor with whioh tlieCliurcli and State question was fought in Scotland about 40 or 50 years ago will see in the animus here exhibited a petty survival from old home quarrels, which should have been forgotten long ago. The first part of Dr. Campbell's sketch, as we have said, is mainly historical; tho second and larger part is more didactic than historical. Instead of dealing with tiie succession of events during the 30 years which have elapsed since tho period of the union, he surveys the churchositnow stands, with its institutions and its various agencies for promoting educational and evangelistic work, including its financial sciiemes, its church huild- ings and its relations to other churches. In the courso of this survey, he diverges into a somewhat lengthy dissertation on the dootrino aud discipline of tlie Presbyterian Church, witn the view, we suppose, of vindicating the conduct of tlio church leaders in certain recent proceedings which have gained for thorn au unpleasant notoriety. He seems particularly anxious to demonstrate that in dealing witli Mr. Strong on account of suspected heretical tendencies the church was in no respect ani mated by "a narrow, harsh and unbrotheriy spirit but . that, on .the contrary, " nothing -could bo more Cbristian-like " than the way in which tlie subject was apx>roaclied. The vindication altogether, in cluding some . desultory . remarks on the ques tion of the subscription to creeds, and tho extent to which individual interpretation is permissible, is of an elaborate character, and ocoupies an amount of sxiace quito incommensurate with the modest, dimen sions of 'this "Jubilee Sketch." Perhaps wo shall not be far wrong if wo conjecture that liore at last are to be found some 'of the "tilings" so mysteriously referred to in the author's xirefatory note as "things which he thought ought to be said," ' and for wiiioh he expects to "he forgiven." Be that as it may, it is but a poor vindication -after all. It could hardly bo- othor- wise than poor. The champions of orthodoxy in tlie late heresy case led tlio church into a false position, for they had nothing to base their proceedings upon but miserable suspicions, which large minded men would be ashamed to raise any disturbance about. Tbe Presbytery, for instance, lind no tangible proof whatever, but only suspicion to go upon when they demanded from Mr. Strong nn explanation of au article upum the Atonement, which he had contributed to tlie Victorian Review. This is evident at onco from Dr. Camxibell's own admis sion. Mr. Strong being asked by the l'rcsbytery to explain that article, Dr. Campbell snys "Nothing ought to have been more accept able to him than such au opportunity of putting himself right with his - brethren, and swooping away for ever any siisxiicions which might be lurking in their minds." Dr. Campbell complains of Mr. Strong's silence on thnt occasion ; but if his inquisitors had no ground for making a positive charge why should ho be cxxiccted to assist them in their fishing inquiry ? Dr. Campbell contends that they were entitled to put him to tlio ques tion. Legally, perhaps, they were entitled, lint it was certainly a harsh and most unusual pro ceeding. On discussing the suspected article in Mr. .Strong's presence all they could say was that it "seemed to bo erroneous chiefly by defect." They admonished Iiiin to be careful in iiis future uttcranecs, to make more prominent "certain objective, supernatural, historical facts, especially the . Incarnation, the Atoning Life nnd Death, nnd tlie Resurrection nnd Ascension ' of our Lord. " Mr. Strong meokly accepted thoir injunction, though lie might easily have retorted that ho lmd never denied any historical facts ; that iu tlie article in question lie was not dealing with facts)- at all — ill tlieic character ns 'facts, or tilings done —but with the interpretation of tho facts, iiis object being simply to. show that various inter pretations of tlie facts hod been given iu different ages of tlio church ;' and that, such being iiis object, to express concern as to the negative character of. tlie article because it did not embrace the whole round ot systematic theology was to ulloiv thoir suspicious animosity to run away witli their common sense. Tlie falseness of tho position into which the Presbytery was led by tho fatuous zoai of Mr. Strong's opponents is still further evi denced by tlio resumption. of inquisitorial x>ro- ceeilings in consequence of 1'hiof Justice Higinliothain's now famous lecture upon Religion and' Science. "With regard not only to tlio lecture itself, but also to tho 'circum stances iii which it was 'delivered, Dr. Camp bell: is widely astray. In not n single state ment Is Ire correct. He is wrong, - to-hegin with; in Ilia designation of the Chiei Justice as "a dis tinguished Unitarian layman." Who ever heard before of the learned judge iu that caxiacity ? Who could suppose him to be other than an adherent of the Church of England, sinco but a short time previously lie had addressed the Church Congress held under the xiresi- dency of Bishop Moorliouse? Dr. Campbell is wrong again in representing Mr. Kigiiibuthaiii as having been "brought into the Scots' Church " for tlio purposo of giving n lecture which Mr. .Strong knew beforehand was likely to bo of u distinctly Unitarian character. Thu fact is Mr. Strong was at the tiino xiersoiiaily un acquainted with the Chief Justicu ; Mr. Strong knew him only by roputo nnd us one of tlio speakers at the Church Congress ; and when Mr. Strong asked him to lecture it was in the name, not of tlio Scots' Church congrega tion, but of the Literary Association con nected with the church ; and further, Mr. Strong's expectation with regard to the lecture was that it would bo iu the spirit of tho . Church Congress address, for so he had requested. Dr. Campbell is wrong again ill representing Mr. Strong us having not only given the lecturer "permission to say what he chose," but of having " suffered it " when the lecturer "chose to assail tlie great central truiii of Christianity." The lecture was liberal, certainly, being iu the direction of the new theology rnther-thnn of the old ; but it shows a singular miscGiicexitiou of its purport to con- struo some remnrks made concerning the siqie- riority of the religion of. Christ himself to tho religion taught in his linmo as a direct and intentional attack on tlie central truth of Christianity. Even supposing the lecture not to liavo lioeii so pronouncedly sound upon some points as the' orthodox might desire, why should Dr. Campbell insinuate, us ho does, that Mr. Strong was in agreement with the lectui-o even to tlio fullest extent of its suxi- posed heretical tendencies, and how are ' we to reconcile his insinuation in this respect with the statement immcdiatcl' following, that Mr. Strong at tlio close thanked Mr. Higin- botham. for the .lecture, "intimating at tho same timo that he could not go along witli tho whole of it." Having so far disentangled the real circumstuuces of the case from tlie tissue of misrepresentations iii wiiioh Dr. Campbell has involved it, we can can now see, how harsh aud how uttorly unfair it was for tiie leaders of tho church to proceed forthwith to charge Mr. Strong with " preaching and patronising unsound and false doctrine." There wns no solid ground for such a charge. It was simx>ly a caso of-nicnn, miserable suspicion on their part from first to last. It is hardly nil excuse to say tiiat thoy were deeply concerned in maintaining wiiat they regard as the central truth of Christianity, for such excuse merely amounts to saying that iu their poncern for the central truth of Chris tianity they lost all senso of its central and vital spirit. Had they been influenced in tlio slightest degree by tho charity which "never faileth " to prompt us to do as we would bo done by, they might hnvo reflected that it was quite possible for Mr. Strong to liavo as firm a grasp of tlie central truth as themselves. Even the doctrine of Christ's divinity— tlio vital truth referred to in the indictment — he might have held with a firm grasp, understanding tlie dootrino in his own way, of course. Thoy will not allow, privato judgment : the more is tlio pity, for it is the., only way of securing honest and effective expression of thought. Our fears are not seldom misplnced in regard to questions of this sort. The vital truths are not to be secured by blindly sticking to the mere verbal forms in which they have ' been aforetime stated. Thoy are under a better guardianship than 'ours, until all our barriers and buttresses of creeds and articles of .faith. The law of evolution which maintains unity of principle with diversity of operation in the world of nature is quite competent to secure essential unity of idea with diversity- of expression iu the World of mimi. The continuity of Christian thought .underly ing diversified modes of statement is 'very re markable ill tlie past, and wo may be sure'that it will prevail also iu tho future. It is gene rally supposed that the continuity of essential -truth is duo to tho continuity of the form or verbal statement; but thi3'i3 a. great mistake, only dogma or tho ghost of . u truth being preserved in thnt way. If we look into the matter closely, we shall find that for the preservation of the truth in all its vitality it becomes an absolute : neces sity nt times to resort to new modes of statement. Words, phrases and verbal state ments of all kinds are apt to become obsolete in course of timo ; they lose thoir original meaning ; they get out of harmony with advancing intelligence, nnd consequently out of harmony with tlio growing conscience of humanity. We know what occurred three cen turies ago, when the rulers of the church, failing to understand tho requirements of their time, became persecutors, and in theirblind adherence to tlio letter which killeth did their best or their worst to stamp out the Spirit which givoth life. There is a like crisis now. Let the rulers of the church take care lest in their blind zeal in behalf of orthodoxy .they fall into a like mistake. It is always a sad spectacle to see pious peopio garnishing the tombs of the pro phets whom they would have stoned when alive, 