SPORTING NOTES. By "Newkasket." The charming weather of Saturday afternoon last had an encouraging effect upon the attend ance at Williamstown, and I doubt if the pretty course by the sea ever looked to better advantage. The racing, too, was fully up to the average, and as the officials ere quite cm fait in the discharge of their duties, it goes without saying that everything passed off as merrily as a marriage bell. Backers of horses, however, fell sadly in the firstrace, as they took even money about the Western District horse Bolton; but he clouted a hurdle half a mile, and finished out of a place, the winner unex pectedly turning up in the grey horse Willie, a son of . the Melbourne Cup winner Wallomai. Neither did the " punters " fare any better in the Two-year-old Handicap, as they took 2 to 1 about Mr. Miller's Olea, but she never had the tseuiuiaiioj ujl a, vnance wu-a aiin. a uaugurer of Neckersgat and Queen of Naples, who, running as true as steel in O'Brien's hands, won cleverly, if = not easily, at the end. Magic Circle was third, but Gaghan palpably waited too long with the half-sister to Bin gmaster a nd Lonsdale, and thus lost every chance she might otherwise have had. Undismayed by their two reverses, backers almost to a man plumped for Boz, with, the result that many of the metallicians closed their books about him, and when the starter took charge of the field, 6 to 4 and 2 to 1 was freely laid on. A wretched start com pletely put out Crown Jewel's chance, and though Honora made the pace pretty warm for a time, it was all over 2(H) yards from home, Boz cantering in an easy winner. The finish in. the Steeplechase between Goodwood, Lawler, and Melville was a very exciting one, but thanks to the jockey ship of Corrigan Good wood just pulled his backers through by about a length. The general opinion of those present was that the race was "simply won by the excellent horsemanship of Corrigan. A 71b. penalty that Boz incurred by winning the Ozone Handicap brought his weight up to 9st. 31b. for the Spring Handicap, and though Prince Consort had manv friends, odds on Boz was his price when the flag fell. An exciting finish between thepair ensued, and the judge was unable to separate them, giving it as a dead heat. For the run off odds were laid on the improving three-year-old, but he was beaten half a mile from home, where he was interfered with by Boz. Some surprise was expressed at the fact that O'Brien did not enter a protest against the winner, but, as Prince Consort was evidently beaten when the alleged interference took "place, he thought it was hardly worm while lodging a com plaint. From an atmospherical point of view, the Derby Day of the Australian Jockey Club was hardly a very pleasant one, eeeing that rain was falling in torrents until about 12 o'clock, when it ceased, but commenced again before the last race was run. Undeigthese circumstances, the attendance was unusually small, aud as the going was very heavy, many horses failed to run up to the expectation of those connected with -them. Ayrshire was ;a strong tip for the Hurdle Dace, but he struck a hurdle, three quarters of mile from home, which completely knocked him out, and Wiildughby who was in front nearly all the way, won rather easily from Beggar Boy and Ogre. The Tyler and Daniel were all the rage for ; the Trial Stakes, but the latter misbehaved himself at the post, and, though ha once flattered his backers, he was never really dan gerous, and The Tyler, who is by Grandmaster out or Hose of Kent, won in a walk irom Magnus and Little Birnie. There was only a field of five in the Derby, and 60 confident were the friends of Merriment about his chance that he saw as short a price as 5 to 4. When it became known that Hales had elected to ride Eudolph in preference to Singapore, it is almost superfluous to say that the son of Martini- Henry and Malacca hardened very much in the betting, and that Singapore receded to 5 to 1. Merriment galloped as strong as a lioa for about a mile and a quarter, when he shut up like a knife, and was thenceforth out of the race, which then Ijecame a match between Mr. White's pair, Singapore and Rudolph. At the distance the latter apparently had the best of it, but the big son of Martini- Henry and Malacca came a way when Huxley called upon him, and beat his stable companion by about a length and a half. The result was a great disappointment to the followers of Mr. White's horses, who, jumping to the conclusion, from the feet that Hales was on him, liberally sup ported Rudolph in preference to Huxley's mount. This makes the fifth Derbv Mr. White has won, he having previously landed the blue ribbon of the New South Wales turf with Barge, Nordenfeldt, Trident-, and Navigator, a nd he will just be as dangerous in the Victorian Derby in which he has Singapore, Dreadnought, and Rudolph engaged. Singapore was handi capped at Gst. 121b. for the Melbourne Cup, but, according to the conditions of the race, his victory in the A.J.C. Derby bas brought his weight up to 7st. 61b. The Epsom handicap, with its £1,000 added money brought a large field to the post, of whom Mikado and Dread nought were most fancied, but the former was blocked, and though Dreadnought struggled home like a racehorse, he had little chance with Novice, to whom he was couceeding a year and 201b. Considering the state of the ground, the mile was ran in very fast time, and such a favourable impression did Dreadnought's per formance. make . that he was immediately - supported for rthe V.R.C, Derby. Mr. Gardiner's unlucky liorse, Loyalist. ran -into third place, 'jmd, as.the master of BundooraPark . ia a consistent; supporter of-- the turf, mot people would have been pleasedliad the " purple ; and gold" being the first to catch the judge's eye." Th e fieldf or the Sprin g Stakes wassmailaad select, and a great deal of attention was paid to the New Zealand representative, who was, however, short of work, but will improve upon Ms per formance before long. Abercom was a picture of condition, and so confident we're his admirers that ashade of odds laid on him at the finish. The Australian Peer was comparatively friendless, -his stable companion Melos, carrying the cash and good wishes of the followers of Mr. Gannon's stable. It was virtually a match between Abercom and Melos, as The Peer broke a blood vessel in lus head before they had gone a mile, and Abercom eventually "beat Mr. Gannon's colt by a neck, the,, mile a> half bring ran Jn the, fast time of 2mm. 41|see.t The last eventof .the daywas thought: to;bs < wrthm ihegrasp pfMtntetiriIk)y,'lmt 'Mikado! made omendr for "the f allure" in ihe Handicap by winning easily from the Queens- Janaer Pirate and Hester, and thus brought tha Derby Day of the Australian Jockey Club to a conclusion. The Australian Jockey Club Spring Mwfa'n» was continued on Tuesday last under more favourable circomstanoes aa regards the weather, and it is 'equally satisfactory to be stated that therewas also af air attendance of spectators. Mr Kelso furnished a hot favourite in Paddy for the Short Handicap, but the New Zealander could get no nearer than third to May Queen a?«-arence winner, who is the property of Mr. Chambers, the owner of Cardigan, Is by Grandmaster from Qaeenshurv, and was well ridden by the fashionable light-weight Fielder. Retort, a daughter of Old Wellington and Result, formerly trained by the late Mr. James Morrison, had a very easy win in the Grand stand Stakes, and was well supported at 5 to 2. This brought us down to the Maiden Stakes, which was thought to be within the compass of Sydney, who had run third in the Derby, but much to the satisfaction of the few Victorians present, Mr. Sam Gardner's Loyal Stone, by Precious Stone from Loyal Peeress, galloped home an easy winner m front of Knight Templar and Sydney. It is needless to saythat the victory was a decidedly popular one, and as the colt is engaged in the 'f'.R.C. Derby, it is just possible that Mr. White will not have every thing all his own way. There were fifteen starters for the Metrop., and so confident were the friends of .Abercom that he was liberally supported down to as short a" price- as 3 to .1. Eflerdale also had many friends, and though Mr. Gannon advised his friends to back both WrGmllft anil. Arconnl the bulk of the publie money. f Kitawa, njnd then Eilerdale, cut out the running nearly all the way, but a' quarter of a mile from home the latter appeared to have the race in band. Hales, however, then took Abercom up to the leader "and sett-led in a few- strides, and, though Arsenal and Wyeombe came well at the right end, the) son of Chester and Cinnamon beat the pair in the commonest of cantors. It was a great performance on the part of the top weight, as he was giving tons of weight away to almost everything m the race, and quite made amends for his beating in the Metrop. and Sydney Cup, in which races he got third to Lamond and Carbine. As the stake was worth £1,220 to the winner, -Abercom has now incurred a penalty of I41b. for the Melbourne Cup, which brings his weight, up to lOsfc. 101b. , and thus it is hardly likely he will see the post for oar great spring handicap. There was only a trio of starters for the Oaks, and odds were laid on Mr. White's Spice, a full sister to Abereorn, and which she won with the utmost ease from Fretty Kate and Re. There was a large field for the Squatters Handi cap of whom Golden Crown was made first favourite ; hut with 191b. less than he won the Welter Handicap, Mikado was a good thing, aud so he proved to be, as he won easily enough from the uncertain Sorella, with Loyalist third. Monday last was a very busy day in the office of the Victoria Amateur Turf Club, when entries were made for the spring meeting. The result was satisfactory in the extreme, and everything betokens that the coming meeting will be one of the most successful ever held at Caulfield. The., only entries from Sydney, however, are Sineauore. Dreadnnnobh. The Tyler, Sequel, The Artist, Drilldool, Victor Hugo, Utter, Prelude, Squire, aud Peter Osbeck, the most noticeable absentee being Abercom. The entries number as follow: — Caulfield Stakes, 21: Hurdle Race, 20; Hunters' Steeplechase, 25; Toorak Handicap, 49 : Maiden Plate, 24 ; Nursery Handicap, 33 ; Selling Race. 19 ; Steeplechase, 21 ; Windsor Handicap, 52. A fairly interesting afternoon's racing may be expected at Moonee Valley on Saturday, enn as no less than ten events are to be decided, visitors should have plenty of sport for their money. The following ponies changed hands at Kirk's Bazaar on Monday last : — Hard Times, Mr. T. Uphill, 84 guineas : Romulus, Mr. T. Uphill, 33 guineas : Molly, Mr. D. Jenkins, So guineas ; Jack, 'Mr. W. Wilton,, 15 guineas add Donald, Mr. P. Hemielly, 19 guineas. The distance of the St. Albans Handicap, for two year olds, to be run for at tho Moonee Valley Cup meeting in October next, has been reduced from four furlongs and a quarter to three furlongs. The Lancashire Plate of the value of £12,006 added to a sweepstakes of £20 each for starteri was duly ran for at the Manchester Septembei Meeting on Saturday, and resulted in onothei victory for the Duke of Portlands Donovan, by Galopin from Mowerina. Mr. C. Perkins's Chitabob, by Robert the Devil from Jenny Hewlett being second, and Mr. Ephrussis'e Alicante, by Hermit from Madeira third. Up to his victory in the Doncaster St. Lege the other day, Donovan had won in stakes something like £44,000, and as the Lancashire Plate will be woith at the very least £10,000 to the winner, this brings Donovan winnings up to the magnificent total of £54,009. The Duke's winning total must have beaten the record by many thousands of pounds, for in addition to winning the Derby and Leger this season he has won two stakes of the value of £12,000, and two of the value of £10,000 with Donovan and Ayrshire. Tradition, who has lately been in training at Dandenoug, has taken up his quarters at Mr. P. T. Heywood's Turf Club hotel, Caulfield. From Sydney I hear that Mr. W. Gannon had made up his mindto sell Arsenal, Wycombe, The Australian Peer, Melos, Merriment, and Colenso. It is rumoured in Sydney that a New South Wales sportsman has purchased the New Zealand colt, Merrie England, fo£ 1,500. I have to acknowledge tha receipt of the Tasmania# Mail Turf Register and Stud Book of Tasmania. The book has been carefully compiled by the well-known turf writer, "Tam-o'-Shanter," and will he found very useful to all who take an interest iu racing in " the tight little island." Mr. H. Oxenhani, of. .Sydney, has, sold the New Zealknd-bred . horse Pasha, The Mute; to Mr. Jefixsy, of BraidWiood, for £209. Mre W.' Celso hajsTputcnased the- tivo-year- old Marimba f S. -Paton-f or the sum. of £300. " r The committee of the Victoria Racing Club met on Tuesday last, and re-alloted the dates of racing until the end of July next. The follow ing are the fixtures up to the end of the year?— September 28 , Moonee Valley Races ; October 3, Oakleigli-park Races ; 4, Ballarat Hunt Club : 5, Melbourne Hunt Club ; Cjanhojnsie Racing Club ; I2andl9, Victorfe Amateur Turf Club; 15, Mentcne Racing Club; l7,temwick- park Races; 18, Epsom RacingClub;., Moonee 30 and November I, , November 2, 5, 7i and . Meeting ; 6, Elsternwick-vaikyRabes . ; 'B. - ' ' ' ... ' 'r " iLrfGMSa7,B»todTogff Cfaib; Rife » joalaatr ' Cbnft iSsi 2& MnedSaoigqps, aadt ! fiaM»BMfasQA; 27, pam BaeasgQiily; 27, Ta>jM" gM"f Cidr: Mmmag ClALSWSaatolMiT BM fleSev Ziailni leei InseClBaSt, fabtadrf Locfccfarmcdfr tttfc|nM|nit I « fiL-ltfe He. W. BoiauMVwas jwiuViirwi mt gM;j.w.v Ck-Z.) 6B Hsaf Jbjtorl&graaem; IVp;, .i . .il.np flat 2? flfe Be% «aiKe<io- aite ateeefe aar &» Bseettog a fawmefat ceased. ABse re cm fee Safe Bsse si Wil- cAniMadre fee pw»ifiisi be Sad « at flam ml SttUqpe aider fee asK«f¥l-Se-p«d fei be bad not ftem » Wake, fete WS'-tbfr- m «M »- tlJ - AT — tTJ Hju iwcane —-»» «. BBcfeisg «n w«r saeaay wght to iimuiiTi i fee protest, and & Bnelit Therefore tbase wbo were fectanate eaoHgb to iact lie sre reevc 13ieeszBic3arTataeseB eafee essaafeecf ibeiaa&iaaterDdE; dab eauasd fey fee wrfinAwiifwwt o£ fee Hca. W. Pesraoo, Mr. H. Power, Mr. A. !«&, ad fee seagsa- sb of Mr., H. Safe. Inmwsias for fee waaedesdtosa to-stey mfsfa fee eeerKEzj, Hz. 5LR.D,BoiaL OiVVFlJi TWtV nrrn Tim frrril lw Ttasy aaxfc, wkm. & fexr paoe wd£ be rsa Tfaosewh© take n iatetet is CDdiei nQ dBBbdesnmeraber Mmsfam? fee hsx«bea&e;£" <wrlfrr, wb& gi«t4 irfekLefj Bara'g cexa fetpbflinqifeealaasaiOw Fen bas cook to band feat fas was aediestsHj MfcdflaharittefiSwafrMgHi at Qtwba « fee 27£h Jidr. Tbe deceased ' wss a wuaiiifciitaeBiierqifta Ke»t cosady clcrqi fan IdS to ssd was a eooi afi-reond atidetesad fee news Qf bis dga& bss been SBcexeed wife regret faefe lay cncfaefss at bouse SsdaitiieaatqedR OnSfefd&y; seat, fee 5fe October, &toar-; eaiei eeafaoa fee Gestosg Gzaaxx&ar-ecfaool; j row Sc. IgmdsB GoEes% Tessas. Gere Post i JafeoOB. Speeol&ters; on ivrtksifeg eresb vbo faurfoi feat we c&soli; hue wafeg Cartone j frvsnthe J&ad; of fee y«wi sad fee raoa feave j sofcif to fee pceeaihsd aeey rosy feme of i it. Mintca iagcuad nfs&hk; KJSSL Derby ivtm if? Ftuuusg Kwuvi nirrewii in tbs Cr&T;€a Hate on Thursday last, aad poaafeiy be 31 iwHW.e npoc that I torsi at fee coming V.B.G. Spring" M eetzng. Maxim, who was peayiraaed for fee Sfei- boaraeCop. was ssisRefaed for feet eTeci at faaifpss 12 o'eiock <m Ihwsiay iact, sad. s 1 fnaTtfrrfaa faosr later fee pea. was na fenthsm&ES; of Gsnrarri asj. PsIjsIses for fee Oaszlfield Cop. Mentor, fee fens of fee last Melbourne Cop, having gone amies, Las fceea scratched for sE bis spring eagsgassBte sad cent to trie sfed. All sects of rumours bare been circulated ahoct the lata Hon. W. TMttwoa's \IWr Eag- fend, by St. George (bsofeex to Chester) fmca j Bspse, vba bas been backed &t; sa ratsde pooe fur fee YJELO. Derby. X&e; liLfci is fear be bas bees pcrcbased by Mr. Vcram SLus- gravefor 1.0(10 gutosss and is Hkdj to remain. j aNsrZsakkL Fxosn fee fact feat Mr. Walts Coopers fiHy Lady Bs&y; west home wife JlazeSaa. jnirkhara, sad Ftetoxiek, fee gsterai qptokn was that fee vnldha taioed in. company wife Mr. While's horses. The. hawera/is oaaistRs, ss Mr. Dswson wm txsza fee trio, and ladj Betty been placed in fee bands of Eras. Mr. Honld3wc2tli"& trainer, at Greea Lodge, Krt- mrrhet. Mr. WMSe's weH-kaown hsrs3 Crhrook, having been thrown o&t; of coining, has bsen scratched for fee Ganliieki Csp. "" A race taeihag in whidi great loosi totoresi wiH ho falrsn i= &\m <f fe" FaSlsnt IT-gBt: idnb, wlikh. will be decided <n ftidaj. 411 fee evenSs ' —.... en.j s vi_ n fi j - , wwc ItlKH RSpauUM Wtt-LL, <£, gOOU. Q3.T S ?pcat may benaafedpsiei The ifoS day"' at Eandwiet — fee Craven Flare day — has always been noted for the small- nees of fiaaHgdawsaailtlift «f fee Taring, but en Thnzsday fee iaoagdidsot mafrtrnTii its assal character. A well- backed fastwite in. Be&ringer; bwlwi fta TTcriK>RwAmi gcaginTKysroi WOO carngd sad local xsdsg men will be gLd ; iofaesr feat fee winnsr waexede by G. Mssoa, ! sbsrotirdndaw of the late Mr. W. P. Bowes. Li fee Oawa Plate it xas, of coarse, i any odds on Abercoro. feat fee New Zeslander Mantes, who was ooceatd, must have made fee bsg son of Chester and C-ansmoa. travel, as the zaiie aad a qsartr wasiauia ?mrn. Usee. — a time which would have once beaten the record. There was a pretty good fefcl in the Snbofbaa Haaihsp, of WilO&i; Blntcber and Harmony were most fudel bet nofemg had fee ghost of a chance wife Mr. FT. C. White's Bingdove, a foil sister to The Australian Peer, who cat oat fee seven fpTor.gg in IbhU. SOsec. Bsnazdo. the rasa of fee Hawkesb&rT; Handicap, wis second , and. as be was givmg fee winner no less than 352b., it is evident feat Mr. ftauks's horse ss very bard animal to beat over bis favooxite dzsomce. Mr. tcrasSer aPagSist, abalt-feroEher to Gitsr Cooper, was third, sad as be bis Ilihu less m \ carry m fee Ceslbshi Cup, it is otfee 1 that bis popular owner may h:ng <7 tF-.a j border for tbeparpese of ronjumg htm tt» fs? big crent of fee Flefaaia ftmatecr Torf dab. The Sd»ad Foal Stakes, and fee Wycombe Shfees, were virtaaily a present to the Hoa. James Wbtte. as Badch bad only to beat Sydum fee fost-named event, and as Basid ran. off fee coarse, Dreadaoogbfc bad little diS- ' oaky m tesfeig The Tyler, who showed \ some fair fotm in fee TViai Sklra en fee j Derby Day. Tbiere was. of coarse, a deal of \- ecnlriiim on fee Sydney Handicap. Wycombe and Tebchsfcone baring fee caH,- bat neitber | mim aaigh) xud an afasolate oufeider in Jack j (Yst. 91b.) came to the front, Nonoe (1st. 2b.) j being secmd, and Elledde (?Et. &ib.;) third. Tim for fee mile and a half 2mm. dleec. | On fee Derby Day Novire won Jhe Bmn | TTatidiratp xritb 6tL <2h._ in fee s&ddia;, wife Dreadnongh£ (7££. P3b. seoa&i; ; and ss Novice j in the Sydney Handi- ! cs .- w£tb <® bis buk, fee performance dwmM iJi-pftcrthfaa fee opinion of those who | brieve feat fee Han. J. White bee got fee j wmncraf tbe Yictom DsfeymDresdnooiE. 1 r - - - 