moveUst. ? ; , ? ' OR, HEIR, OF STRATHSPEY TOWERS. *' u CHATTER XXIX. A. Oubat VicToar. ', '?* By Emma Gdrrisoii J~oneo. ? I?ady r Strathspey anil Judith, ntio was hor sole attendant, 'took tho first oat-going train, r and ?; vjourneyed on ae fast as nteam could carry them ?; towiifo Aukland Oaks, in tho county of Xont. / A'--feeling of 'death-like apathy and despair \- froze the poor wife's heart as she sat in an obscura her facothiokly veiled, living over again , every moment of that last terrible soeno with her husband, Not one bitter word, ono cruel glance, hod the forgotten. But as she recalled them oil, one sentence struck hor with peculiar force. " Pay piter to-morroif" I wulmoet your gallant colonel, and put a bullet through bis heart.' Ifor the'first time its true import fleshed upon ?; hor: .Her white: cheeks grow whiter, and her breath came in gasps:-. Did it mean a duelt On and on thoy tpod, the golden noon waned, and the dreary autumn twilight began to fall. Bho . would toop reach tho old home of her happy girl . hood.'"But that terrible lenience rang in her tat: ? Day after to-morrow.' "' ' : '. The coming morning would be that day. Only one brief night Intervened. One night more, ana. hoc husband, dear as her own life-blood still, in -spite of all hia cruel injustice—her husband might /bo lyrng ?tark end dead on some lonely heath, . with the stain of murder on hia soul. ?' ; She arose to her'foet with a suppressed ihriek. 'Judith, oho whispered in a strange, awed voice,'bow far is tha noxt station?' ;.' '£>rily;a littlo nay; my lady,' replied tbo-girl, looking op in wonder. 'I can see the lights '?'? from the windows now.'.,. . VWe mutt got off then j lam going bock." . ?My lady! 1 /' ..'._,,:, ? 'Hushl H?vd the ; baggage"sent bn.andask poquestions. ' ;" flar deathly white face and wide, horror-fillod -..- ?y?* frightened Judith, add she oboyad ia alienee. Tbey; got off at .tha Uttlo wayside station and waited for the return train. , The autumn night was waning, tho stars wore gros/iiig dim, and ins beyond the purple hills tho .first faint tints of dawn were beginning to glow, when they reached the Ponrith station, up amid : the Cumteriati'd hills. ' Eugago the first carriage you too," whispered ' the countess, as they got out. * Judith obeyad in wondering silence. ': Drive to thogCodars, tho seat of Lady Verney, ?nddrivo for your life,' Bho commanded, as the driver closed tho carriage door. The shrill clarion of a cook from some neigh bouring fsi-myard.. broke the' morning silence. Thii sonnlcs? uttered a faint cry.'- -' Oh, merciful Heaven I' she moaned, 'it may be tOo late I Drive fast I' sbo criod to tho driver, . "tit a matter of lifo and death I Drive fast, and I will double, trobla your foo I '- . The roan Bprang to his box and lasfcad his horoei likq a madman. Thoy flow through the dowy Engliabhilli Uke tho wind.' And thocountess , ut likd a statue, herhands locked, her wido, horror-filled eyea watching tbe reddening dawn. At tho Oilars everything, was aB silent as tha gravd,' lady Vtrney'B household slopt well after theirardaous duties. Tho grand laX niacin was to coma off in a couple of days, and hor ladyship and her attendants very busy with preparations. Away up in one chamber of the pleasant Eng lish country house a solitary light was. burning, as it had burned through tha livelong night; and in that chamber sat Colonel Gilbert Verney, in whose honor all this gayety and display was to Very calm, and cool, and gentlemanlike was tho Indian officer, aa be sat there sottling up his earthly oflair'a and making ready tor the death that the morrow might bring. Ho had full faith. in hia owaakill, yet he did not underrate that of his enemy. .Lord Strathspoy was a good shot, and piitiili word to bo thoir weapons. ' Too oolonol had made his will and written a briif, characteristic note to tho woman.who was tube his/wife, and a'few lines' of instruction and explanation to his sister, who was utterly ignor ant oi tho awful ovont that was impending. Too rest of his time ha devoted to making out a clear and "concUo statement' of all that had oc curred between tho Countess ot Strathspoy and himself, in which he fully set forth her purity and innocence. This done, he arose, smoked his Inevitable cigar, and glanced out at tho redden tog dawn. ?' j It was time to set out,' He did not caro to be late da the field. He descended the stairs with the came tareno and aphlnx-like face ho always wore, and ?ru in the act of letting himself out when ? violent ring at the door-boll startled the whole,household. ? Tho colonel opened tho door, and stood face to faco with Lady Strathspoy. He divined her errand on the Instant, and led hor into a small ante-room adjoining, the door of which .ha locked. The countess dropped into a seat, breathless and sick from fatigue and excite ment. The colonel crossed to tho mantel and \- poarod but a small goblet of wine, which he com pelled bar to swallow, ' Now Lady Strathspey,' he said, as he glanced at nil watch, ' lot ma hear what you have to say; > I havn't any time to lose.' Thecoantess looked up at his stem, lay face,, . and her very soul sank within her. 'Colonel vorney,' sho said, 'yon are going to , fight a duel with my husband ? ' I am 1' was tho laeonlo oniswor." \- 'And I have come,' (he continued, her voice thrilling with agony, 'to entreat yoa to forgo jour purpose.' 'Just what I supposed,' replied the officer, buttoning hit coat; 'I am.truly sorry, madam, but I cannot grant your request; and now, if you ? havo nothing more to say, I mutt bid yon good morning I',/, '~ He strode toward the door, but the poor woman , sprang uy and throw herself at his feet. 'Oh, Colonol Vcrney,' ihs entreated, raiting fcer Imploring ores to his face, 'bare pity on mc; Kara the most wretched creature In this world al ready, bat if thU dael takes place I shall go mad I Oh, Coloa&V; Verney; have, pityon toeJ' : :-SEsdatV ouosuocodfhe:Colonel, antthjhp. pitlaniJy, ??? trby do yoa teals, to mef' Why cot e?Jt?ynwa|js43tdtisKirlofS?athJp(Syf' ' ''"? ;* Becan'hiy"shel replied, with", an.unutterable pathos in tin voice, * becausd the Earl of Strath spey has cut ma off, And foibidden ma ovor to como into Uio .presence—Tis would not hear me— but./Colonol Vemey, he is my.fttwoajuf,;arid./ lovt him; and on my knees I iinploro yoa to savobimand yourself from tbo anful crimoof murder!'/ ? .'V. .'.'??',??'.'':'-v'."'?;'.. The colonol, despite" bis' self-command, was deeply moved. " Hia beardbd lipa actually trembled, as be raised the kneeling countess and placed her in a seat. ' ; ";':'.'? V ; .[?-?? ?f Lady Strathspey,' he said, '?* this it very pain fal—l wish you had not sought this 'interview. I cannot grant your request. Your husband in tuited mc; and then challoDgfld mo to fight him; and at this moment lie awaits my coining 1 And you come hare to ask mc to baci; out and brand myself ? coward ? " .' Not a coward,' Colonel Verney,' she cried; 1 a christian—a man so bold' and brave; that he dares duly the pitiful estimate of men, dares do what is right, for tho sake of hia own; tool, for/ the. lake of a miserable, heart-broken woman) Colonel Vernoy have mercy! In tho years to. come,when you have s wife of your- own,, it will bo a bitter drop in tho cup of your happiness to rembmbor that you took my husband's life, and; sent mo to a.sulcido'a grave I Jfor your own, sake,, for my poor husband's sako, for tho sako of ivy little childron, havo mercy 1' Sub threw'herself at hia feet again, clasping his knees, and raising her streaming oyoa to his face. :Ha shook her off almost roughly, h'n face growing white and rigid. ' Great Heavon 1' ho burst out. 'I'd sooner be shot a dozen times than endure this. Lot mc ialono, madam, 1, must go I' /- He strode past her, and, unlocking the door, hurried ont. - -?? The dawn of day wail In Its glory I Tho oast ono blazo of gold, all the hill-tops crowned with purple mist, the sweet, fresh air alive with rejoic ing melody 1 Something in this sweet and solemn beauty, in the twitter of the birds, tho bleating of tbo folded lambs, tho breath of tho opening blossoms : some subtle influence touched toil cold, cynical, worldly man's heart, and he otood still on tho steps, glancing solemnly around, him. For the lot time, pethaps 1 In another hour hia ooul might bo in eternity I : A faint, gasping sob, from tho poor woman within, reached hia car: tho woman ho bad loved so in the days of his impetuous youth. Ho turned sharply on his heel, tettiug his white teeth hard beneath hi* moustache. He was a brave man,'this Indian colonol, but never bad su:h sublime courago inspired him as at that moment. Ho Btrodo back, and into tho anteroom, where'the countess still knelt, her face still hidden in hsr hands.. \- 'Lady Strathspey,' ho said, curtly, 'I'll not fight your husband.' The countess sprang up with a cry of joy, and began to pour forth hex thanks and blessings, but before' aha could utter a word the colonel was gone. ? And while shd and Judith were being driven back to Ponritb Station, to mako a fresh start for Aukland Oaks, away out on the borders of the Sevenoak estate, in a secluded bottom, known aa Willow Kidgo, a solemn group was gathered. The Earl of Strathspey and his two seconds, who wero Colonel Chudloigh and a young guards man . named Putney, and two gentlemen, the Seconds of Colonel Vernoy. Everything was in readiness: tho spot selected, tho distance paced off, all the horrible prelimin aries arranged, and, pistol in hand, the haggard earl stood in the solemn hush of dawn, eager to stain his soul with the awful crime of murder. The birds began to twitter amid the willow boughs, the golden light broadened and deepened, and presently, above the purpld peaks of the Cumberland hills, appeared the glittering rim of tho golden son. But Colonel Gilbert Verne) had sotoome. The earl strode np and down, gnawing at his moustache In his fiery Impatience, and one of tho colonel's seconds mounted his horso and rode off to ascertain the cause of hia delay. In a short space of time he galloped back, bringing tho start ling news that Colonel Gilbert Vorney declined to fight. ?'??".' ' Cargo bun 1' muttered the earl, white with disappointed rage j 'he's a sneak and a coward, end Til shoot him down on sight, like a dog I' ?: : i'l don't know,' mused Colonel Chnaleigh; 1 I'm inclined to think it. required more courago en Verney't part to give np this due) than to fight it.'- . _. .- - -.;- "^ CHAPTER 2CXIH. jurrrn's sonnow. At first, sb is always the cade; there was a won* droua oommotion over thbrecandal in high life- Tho affair was dujeussed from the Scottish border to Land's End, for the Earl of Strathspoy was a noted man; it filled the publio journals, and con stituted tho topic for all the tca-drinkings for a month afterward. As a matter of course, public sympathy want with the earl. A British poor could not possibly bo in the wrong. It was his wife, hia fair, weak wife! ?'??.' " Frailty, thy namaJs woman 1" Lady Neville took the matter in hand, and soon promulgated tho popular theory. Whatever Lady Nutillo did was popular. 'Poor AngusT sho said, referring to tho earl, 1 his domestic aiHictions aro so sovoio 1 Ho was a mvi to bo pitied. ' His countess is insane 1 That is tho secret. Iliero was a taint of madness hi the Aukland blood; aha warned tho earl of it before ho married her.' Whoever would havo dreamed of ' suoh a romanco aa that shepherd boy in tho Tyrol being Lord Strathspey's son, but a maniac 1 Tho carl behoved tba boy to be her own ohild, born be fore their jnarringgj Lady Nevillo did not know about that. There was a diversity ot opinion rela tive to the child's age. But tho countess had acted shamefully, and wa? not .to bo trusted in anything. . ' ' This was tho popular belief, and tbo credulous British public swallowed it without asking a ques tion. Meanwhile, Lord Strathspey, hoping to drown some of his bitter anguish, took himself oil to foreign lands, leaving tho divorce, and his children, and everything also to take care of themselves, or to be taken care of by his capable relatives, tho Nevilles. His oountess settled down very quietly in her old home at Aukland Oaks, with Judith as com panion, and some old and dovotod servants, who tyad served hor dead father. Vory few trionds, apart from these, had the once flattered and bril liant countess. Public opinion was almost ummi mously against hor. Even hor lawyer, Sir Henry Galbraitb, into whoso hands sho submitted tbo caso of her littlo boy in tho Tyrol, even ho, while ho took the caso in hand, and determined to make the best ho could of it, looked upon the whole thing as a supreme bit of nonsonso, and upon his client herself, as a weak, addle-brained woman, who would be much safer lodged in a mad house. Only ono ot her former friends stood by her in hor fallen fortune. Thia one was old Doctor Renfrew. He' made hia way down to Aukland Oaks to pay hor a consolatary visit. Tho old Scotchman had a keen brain, and waa intensely practical in his ? shrewd common senso, yet strange enough, he balwved ovt>ry word ot tho story, concerning tbe Tyrol lad, on the first hearing. And ha went down to Aukland Oaks to ofier hia old patient his aid and consola tion. Meanwhile, Judith, faithful and devoted to her unfortunate lady, had her own sorrows. Tho five, thousand pounds, which was to havo been her marriage dowry, lay, snugly in the bank, awaiting hor order, and she had in addition a nice little sum saved from her monthly wages. Enough, as she told herself, to put Hendrick and horself far bo boyond the reach of want. But Hundrlck did not come. For months tho Victoria, tho ship on which po Bailed, had boon .duo, yet she did not come. And now, every number of tho Times, that the anxious girl took up, contained some item in refcronco to tho expected steamer. Ono week Bho was seen off this placo, and the next week off the other, but at last tho true intelligence came. ? Judith read it one morning, sittbig in tho pretty breakfast-room at Aukland Oaks. ' Lost at Sea,' in ominous capitals beaded the column of marino intelligence; and tho Bimplo account followed. The truth had been got at in regard to the mUalng steamer Victoria. Sho was bnrsod in tlio Chinese waters, and not one ot her crew escaped; Not"'out I. ] Hope died in Judith Ford's heart, a* she read those last words, and a hope that was very dear to her. She was a quiot, self-possessed girl, but her affections were>ory deep, and she loved this sailor lover, m tow wdnjen love. Yet she uttered no cry; Daly the ruddy crimson left hor brown, chooks, and the looked oat at tha window, agaiaat whliu th* wintry storm wat boating,' with blank desolation' inhor-eyca. 1 "??!?'',-.--:'?'? Sho won an orphan, without kith or kin in tho wide world, and just at that moment, bar marriage dowry, and her little hoard of earnings, seemed:worthless. Sho uttered ?' dry aob. Tbo countess; musing before the firo, hoard it, and looked up. Ths girl's blank, hopeless face startled her.:'..'^;' : ,; : ..?'? '??'"'? '-:?? V.-;- ' ; , -? 'What la it, Juidtb?"iho asked.,;, ???'.". '" .Judith crossed 1 to where ?he : eat, with the Timet in her hand, land her fingers on the para graph. . ?.;...'.*?'. -.; ;': ?'.'... .'.Tho Victoria's lost, for sure,* the said, 'and; Hendrick's gono IV - . .? . j ;There,was an indescribable pathoi in her. voice. Lady Strathspoy's ejes filled with teats', a*/ sho glaiicod over the itom. Sho piit out her arm, and drew the girl to her side. Overc'omuby her lady'a kindncss.JJadith dropped on her knees, and rested hor head on her shonldor, weeping quiet, hut bitter teara. : /Jho tfountess stroked her brown hair cares singly. ? ..-;';. 'I.' ?-?'. - ' 'Poor Judith—good, faithful Judith,'-she said, 'if it is true, .wo. shall Ibo nearer and'dearer frionds than ever, friends in the sacred bonu? of .'Borrow.' '?': ..''', . And it was truo I The Victoria nover returned, and Hendrick was gone t CHAPTER XXIV.* ' *t& WniO? LADY DOOailOMb MAKEB X tUOQEBTIOH. ?' '";??.. Tho London season sot in, "and Lady Cecilia, Drummond and her circle of gay ad mirers took Manor and oponod the baronet's town honso in Grosvenor square, '.'''?. ...'????.. The baro'not wa? quite bountifully supplied with wealth; otherwise.ho.never, would have been my Lady Ccoilia's husband; and tho ap pointments of hia town house wero very magni ficent. ' ' . ~?.-??'' Lady Drummond and Lady Neville were thb best ot friends. Their elegant mansions were in the same locality, and thoy met continually at tho fashionable assemblies, which both fre quented. | It was at Lady Drummorid's first ball of tho season taut their first mooting, after the separa tion of the oarl and his wife, took place. . A very oharming afiair was this ball, got up on the grandest scale, and attended by tha, very crime de la creme of West End Society. . Lady Drummond was the queen of hosts,' and her entertainments wero always largely attended. Tho spacious drawing-rooms word filled with beauty and splendor, on this her first'night; co?tly silks, and priceless jewels, and sweet scented blossoms glittered and glowed in the light of the swinging chandeliers; ana ovor all throbbed the bewildering sound ot exquisite music. My lady, in suborb black Lyons velvet, with rubies in tho laces at her throat and amid her black hair, looked more entrancing than ovor, and her dear five hundred friends welcomed her back with tho most flattering assurances of delight. ? Sho did tha honors in the most approved manner. Sho scorned übiquitous in her graceful attentions ; smiling radiantly on one, speaKing a pleasant word to ano.her, and breaking hearts ot random with the glances of her glorious oyes. She danced and sang, and fairly outdid her- Belf In the way of being charming j. and yet, never perhaps in all her Ufo before, had the fair Cecilia folt mora despondent. When the ball was fairly under way, and every one was being amused and entertained, sho stolo out from the crowded drawing-rooms into tha dim, cool silence of the- conserva tory. /One little compartment, filled with rare foreign plants.and shut off from the whole by glass doors, was secure from intrusion.' This she entered, and closing the door after her, she threw herself into the rustic seat with * sigh of relief. -?-...?? Lady Drummond had looked for the Earl of Strathspey at her ball that night. 'Ho can come in a quiet way, with yoa and Sir Harry,' she wrote in hor note of invitation to Lady Neville;' it will do tho poor man good to mingle with hia friondo, and where is the impro priety?' '. Bat instead oi availing himself of hor invita tion and attending the ball inn quiet way this provoking peer had taken himself off to Sicily tor the winter. Lady Cecilia sat down, find pushed back tho heavy braids fromher forohoad, her dark browa corrugated with vexation. ' Ggno to Sicily I' oho soliloquised; 'gone, and I counted so much on having him here I Of all ' provoking mon.Aiigus, Earl of Strath?pey.ifl most provoking 1, But I'll hare my rovongo yet I I willl", Sho sot her white teeth, andlockodher jowellod hands in fiorco determination. Tho music throbbed upon the pert amed air; tho rhythmic murmur of dancing feet sounded faint and far away. Shu forgot horself and hor dutios in the mad dening memories that crowded on her. Sho seemed to bo back again in that far- away morning of youth and hope. How happy she was ! How beautiful she was, and how she loved himl This very provoking man, Angus, Earl of Strathspey, how sho loved bun in his manly, Saxon strength, with tha honors of all hia raco descending to him alone. How he thrilled her with the glances of his handsome eyes, and won hor with the flatteries of his honoyed tongue I Howhocallcd her his own, his bride,his countess, and then At tho very last when she almost felt tbo coronet upon her brow, cast her off, and at his father'B bidding, married another I And. that othor, the one woman in all tho world whom she most bated—Marguerite, daugh ter of Sir Boland Aukland, heiress of Aukland Oaks* q> And but for this Marguerite, this blue-eyed Pearl of ICont, as the was called, through some kindredship on tho father's side, the baronetcy of Aukland, together with tho old. chateau in Franco, and all the Aukland moneys, would have doscended to Cecilia Cavendish, of Cavendish Manor. But the blue- eyed Pearl of Kent lived and thrived, and the Lord of Strathspoy Towers went down and wedded hor. And sho, graud-niece of a duko, with all her haughty pride and queonly beauty, waa left for aakeu in her dreary oidmancc- hou>e,withscarcely a pound of ready cash. Thinking it all ovor, hor dark cheeks flamed, and a baleful light blazed in her black eyes. No thing short of a complete rovongo would over cancel that bitter wrong, that terribly humilia tion, ? S . Angus of Strathspey had blighted her life, and left her to marry au imbecile old baronet for the sako of hia gold and title; and as surely would Bhe blight his, and bring his proud head down in tho dust at hor feet. Sitting in the dim light of the conservatory, with tho gorgeous blooms around her, this woman lookud the impersonation ot a beautiful fiend in her costly robes and jewels, her rare face distorted by tho most malignant passions tho human heart ever knows. ? A rustle ot silken drapery in the adjoining apartment atartlod her. - It was Lady Nevillo, who came in to look at tho flowers and get a breath of. fresh air. A proud and regal woman, very Ukotha earl, her brother. Sho picked a cluster of helio trope, and sat down, inhaling its fragrance. Lady Drummond arose on the instant and hur ried out. 'My dear Lady Novillo,' Bho , said, -sinking down on an opposite Beat, 'I beg your pardon. I was choking with the heat and ran in hero. I hope it is not growing tedious.ln the drawing, rooms?' \ .. 'Oh, dear, no,'repllod Lady Neville, as sho fastened the heliotrope in the lace of her bosom; ' I never saw a mora successful ball. Your balls are, always Bucoessful, Lady Drum mond!'*- ' ' Aro thoy,' my dear liady'Novllls? If you say so, I'm content. Hut I bog your pardon 1 1 fancy you look a triflo paler than usual. Aro you quite well* * No, not entirely well; I felt just the least faint when I left tho ball-room." ;? ? Lady Drummond caught up her little silver bell and tinkled it. ' ' ' . ? ?" Iv an instant a pago ataod before her. ' *A bottle of port,' she said, 'and some 6 ? DeUgittnl old port,' Eady Nevillo,' she ex plained, w the page returned with -the requisite irttclas on?? silver utjxi 9ir Varneyproiwuncos UnMurpaaiai Jcd<=3Shu?i t?aittm through .'yotutTtioa like Are. ,' " She poured out a bouple of glasses,'urfnk3nB one; herself while Lady NovUla aipped ih 6 ..other.' ..",'-. -, ?. 'I've not been myself,' said the latter,'-'for a week or two, indeed not sinco—that sad affair, of tho earl's.'. .; t .'/; : ; ;? ?;??:?':-:??:;'. '.???-?'?'?" .-. ? /Lady Drummond nodded sympathetically. ..'' 'Tit; * terrible affliction,' continuod Lady Nevillo, putting /down; her. glass,, her blonde check flushing from the oflecta of the wine.. ? "I. can't bear to think of it. Poor Angus humiliated I. But ho desorvos it. Ho should nover have married an Aukland I';';.' " ' "'?.:.:'.'. :'I bog.your pardon, Lady Neville,'.smoothly pet in Lady Cecil*?.' but the taint of insanity is riot in the Aukland blood, it edmos from the mother's side; your brother's wife's mother was a Rowland, and the taint Cornea from tho Rowland biood.';- '..:,'. ' --'.'?- ?';'??!?.?. ?' Docs it Indeed ? Oh, dear mo, I .really. beg your pardon, my dear Lady Drummond./I did not think —you are connected with tho Auklands, areyounot?' ? 'Kumotoly,' replied-Lady Drummond, with a repressed flash, in her oyes. .'Don't- distress yourself, my Hear fribud, I'm not a bit offondod.. I'm quite sui'o I doi not inhorlt tho'family, ?taint.',- ? ?'.?'. ?.'-.'?'? .' 'Well, thd Auklands aro a 'fine family,' con tinuodiady: Neville, 'and poor, dear papa was eager for tho match.: Indeed, he. commanded it, I belicvo. Angus had got into some entangle ment, and pourpapa wauted him to marry.; But dear mamma and I warned them of this very thing. And now it has broken out. So sad for a man like Angus, so young, and with such a carecr.beforo him. He's completely broken down ;? uo heart or spirit fur anything.' ,'Doos ho contemplate getting a divorco?' asked Lady Cccilia.pieisiug her hand against her .heart to still its throbbings. -'Ho did, at firstr-or rather wo persuaded him to do so. Bnt ho has changed his mind again— he say's ho won't suiter, tho disgraceful alfair to bo dragged beforo .too. .public.*:. Yoa, see, he believes his wife to' bo guilty of criminal conduct. I don't speak of it, out you area dear friend. All that story of the ohild, you know, which the j countess fancied was hor own, and insisted that tho earl'ahould acknowledge—l believo it all to bo nonsense, the vagaries of a maniac's brain; bat Angus,' lowering hor voice, and speaking confidentially,' bolicvos the boy ia hor own, born beforo her marriage.' ?Beally 1 And where iB tha boy?' questioned Lady Drummond. ?' I Buarcely know—?omo where in the Tyrol though, I think. Oh, 'tis just the most absurd thiiig. A poor peasant's child that she chanced tofanoy.' ? : ' ? .- '?? /-? Lady Cecilia's eyes gleamod like those of a panther about to spring. ? .'l.wonder,' she suggested cautiously, ??if she, tho countess I moan, ooald havo cqnnivt-d/at the abduction of her own babd,ln order that this child might supplant him," ' 'Tia horrible to'tthlnk of, but Angus believes it.' 'Ho docs.poor man; how I pity.bim,' Lady Drummond said, her eyes gleaming with a wicked triumph;' it will be bad to have it dragged beforo tho public for her children's oako. Ifl were con cerned, I should atop it.' 'We are trying. Sir Marshall has seen Gal braith and requested him not to take her case in hand. She is taking stops to have tho child's rights, as Bho fancies them, established.' Lady Drummond laughed, a peculiar, rippling peal. ?Dear ma,' she said, !if I wero tho Earl of Strathspey, and that woman's husband, though, shfc'a my cousin in a remote degree, how effect tuallylwoald stop all this scandal.' , 'How V questioned Lady Nevillo. 'Howl Simply enough. I would exercise a husband's authority, and shut her up in a mad hduso, where she could not harm herself or others.' ' - 1 - J'- Lady Novillo started. 'Clever as she was she had never dreamed of this, and it appeared so easy, and not ot all cruel or wrong.. Sho was an intensely proud woman, and this was such an effectual way of hushing np the scandal. If the earl were only in England. / LatbyJDruoimond watched her keenly, and saw that her arrow struck homo, as alio intended it Bhould. , ' And the dear little children?" Bho asked, 'how are they ?' ' Oh, quite well; only Lady Poarl grieves for her mother. Angus is a porfoct stoic.' . . 'He'a like the Strathspey's, isn't he J' 'Well, yes, I suppose so; at least ho will ba as ho matures." ?''"?' 'I thought the likeneaa very striking, as I re member him,', said Lady Drummond, with a most wicked smile. ' Poor little 'things, it is so sad. But tha Tory bost have their troublos; it will all blow over in a little while. Don't worry your self ill, dear Lady Neville." 'I'll try not,' replied her ladyship, aa she aroaoj 'and nowl suppo3o it is our duty_, or your duty rather, to return to tho drawing* rooms. But really Tamin no mood for gayety ; and dearest Lady Drummond, if-you'U.allow mo I think I'll order my carriage and drivo home." ?', Lady Drummond was deeply grieved, of oouree.'yot sho yielded har consent,:and the sistor of. Lord Strathspoy dopartod, her brain JUled with the new pnrposo thut hor friend's words hadouggeated.. CHAPTER XXV. ?.?' '' THB JIYSTEEIOnB JOB AOATN. - ' Tho Countess of Strathspoy found horself hedged in with difficulties on every hand. Tbo estates of Aukland Oaks, and the French chateau wero her own, but there was no uvailablo monoy,' and it required cash in abundance to institute and carry on a lawsuit. Moreover, when she went to her lawyer, Sir Honry Galbraith, with a great many apologies, and in very polite phrase, ho de clined to take tho case in hand. Ho had never lost a case, and ho did not caro to loso ono. Hers was simply hopeless. Tho Earl of Strathspey had accepted and acknowledged ono child as his own, ana there was not ths least proof in tho world to establish the. Claims of this other ono. Nothing but the fact that ho had o similar birth mark. A dozen children in the kingdom might havo the samo thing I It was a weak cme. and he was forced to doclino cither advice or action in regard toit. ? The countess went away bitterly disappointed, yet forced to acknowledge tho truth of what tho lawyer had Baid, Sho had no Heart to make an other effort. ... .. ' ' , The winter wont by Blowly nnd drearily at Auk land Oaks. Dark dayd and dismal nights to poor, heart-broken Judith and her lady. And spring brought thorn rip hope. Tho young foliage began to Bprout upon tho oak boughs, and tbo Kentish hop-lieldsto grow green in the gonial sunlight, but for thoso two there came no rift of light, no ray of hope. ~.'..,,. ? Lady Strathspey made ho effort to bco hor own children.; Her husband's docrco could not bo dis obeyed. Much as sho hungered, in her motherly tenderne?S, for littlo Pearl, even for poor, sallow-' chocked Angus, (he made rid effort to see them, and Lady Nevillo tent her no tidings in regard to tbem. With the opening of the warm weather, she and Judith journeyod down to Dover, and across tho Channel, and into tho greon yalloy of tho Tyrol. The shepherd's cottago was unchanged. Tho old man and his wife still lived, ahd little Komulus was growing to bo a flue lad, stout and sturdy, and very handsome in his Saxou fstruosa; and with every year the mark upon his fair, round arm, grow doepor and ruddier. But tho old woman had d strange story to tell. -"?- -"Only a week before," said sho, "a Btrango woman had been thero, a handiomo woman, dark and tall, but with a wicked look in hor eyes. . She wanted to aoe the child the Countess of Strath-, spoy had sent her. Little Komulus was called up' and paraded before her, and sho stared at him as if ho wero a ghost, her face growing white, and her limbs shaking under her. . Then she went away, but tho next day sho returned, and said tho countess wished the boy to bo brought to England, and had sent her to pay tho old people for their trouble and take him anay. But tho old people rofutedJto give him up, and hold on to him in the faco of all this'strange! dark woman could say ' and do." ? . - .-. Lady Strathspey grew white with terror, as sho hoard this story, and she drew, the child to her bosom with a convulsive clasp. "V " " My darling, you are all I havo," the Bobbed, ' and-thoy would rob mc ot you.* 'And you did not send the strange' woman then, my lady ?'questioned tho old mar. '. ; . 1 Send hoc t . OU, no, no 1' cried the countess J " It is'.tonie.vila consplraoy,'so:ao cruel falsehood, to gat him out of the way. iiiit tbey shall not, they (hall not haw bln> *?'?'?; boy,' my dtfaag,i?ydarUn(fl l :?''? -.>.b, Kdmulns lpoked up with wondering oyes, only .dimly comprehending thb cause of the beautiful lady'a tears,, nnd liatened gravely twhild tho countess and the old couple discussed their plans for tho future. ; Lady Strathspey desired to take tho boy to. England,, and. dcepjy. r aa it grieved, thorn to give him upi thoy thought it would '.hq better. Ho might bo stolon from thorn, and it was time, as his mother Baid, that, his 'education was being cared- for.;' Their arrangements word made accoi-din'gly./and after a fow day's sojourn in the valley, the morrow was appointed for their doparture.. ? .- '.?>';? '?'.-." ':):. ?? ? -i .'? -- ?.-?/ ? ?'?' Thenftornbdnwas*unsposiably lovely.; A May aftorribon amid the sunlight-Alpine peaks. .Lady Strathspoy- took her little boy .by. the hand and started out for a walk, leaving Judith to assist the. old woman in her dvonlng/labirs. She strolled along thb edge of tho valley; / tho 'groat mountain peaks towering above her,: llttla : Romulus gather ingblossoms/and skipping pebbles, and Wolf, tho grim sheep-dog, tottoring along behind;' / : -The boy ran on shouting,' and laughing, and shaking tho blondo ringlets over his: bright blue eyes ; *uch a hondsorae, manly little, fellow, aj like hia father, the husband who had wronged and insulted her cruelly.- Tho.countess watched him, her heart swelling and her eyes overflowing wjth tears.)'.'. /?". ..'?';''.?,.'?''?:'?','. ."?-. Presently thoy came to a lovely littlo nook at tho very foot of, a great cliff, a mossy bod all over grown; with wild blossoms and red berries. Lady Strathspey sat down on an; arching rock; while Romulus gathered the .berries-ami' blossoms' and twined thorn into a garland for/Wolf'a neck. The afternoon sunshine streamed around them in rifts of gold, and tho murmur.of tho rivor and the notes of the ring-dove, filled thoir ears with music. '" ','.'/'": '-'?'.,/' ? ' In a littlo while a flock of goats camo bleating by on thoir way to the cottage fold. Wolf pricked up bis ears and stared after tbbm, and little Romulus, followed, shouting and laughing.at tho frolicsomo: gambols of the kids. Smiling sadly,, the countess arose to follow;: wheQ all at,once, as if tbo yawning mountain bad sent it forth, a black figure arose beforo hor, a tall, shadowy.-figure,, with a wild, unearthly face. .... " 'Countess of Strathspoy,'it cried, with that same mocking laugh, in that same terrible voice she so well ramembdred, ' bare not my Swords come true ? You are robbod of your wealth and titles, scorned by jour husband, and doridod by the world. My hour has como.'.', Lady Strathspey rooledback against the rooks half- fainting in her terrible fright; but a;shrill cry, a child scry, aroused her. She started for ward just.in [time to see the black-robed' figure disappear round tho cliff,' bearing little Romulus in its arms. Tbo boy. was struggling to get free and his cap had fallen off, leaving his fair head bare. The poor mother never forgot that sight. With one wild shriek of agony sho' darted a'ter them, bnt when she turned round the baso of tho cliff they word nowhero to bo Been. Wolf, the sheepdog, leaving his care of the goats, started off in pursuit, keeping his nose to the ground and baying deeply. Biit the' seent'seemed''to ,'jba'fUd bim. In tho green valloy. beyond the clift there wa? nothing to bd seen but the browsing goats and the peactful May sunshino:'and tho poor animal, conscious it seemed that,bis little playmate was gone, ran back to the spog where his cap lay; and crouching down besido it, howled mournfully, ' Lady.Strathspey made hor. way-back to the cottage and told her terrible story. - ?,.',. i ThoolJ man started out and [summoned his neighbors to help him. All night long, from the riaiug to. tho setting of the stars, thoy hunted, scouring tho valleys, climbing the' bold cliffs, peering into the rocky caverns, but littlo Romulus could not be found.-' 