ijTHEHOTEUST- - JT IE S S, j By. : ? | H. RIDER .HAGGARD, ?; CHAPTER XXX. . i ... , i .-.-. 'we must pabt, john. Jess and her companion stood in ? awed silence and gazed at the blacken ing and distorted corpses of the thunder blasted Boers. Then they went by ? -.'tbira to the tree which grow some ten , paoes or more on the other side ' of the plsce of destruction. There was sortie litile difficulty in getting the horses pait the corpses, but at last they came wi»h a wheel and a snort of suspicion, ani were tied up to the tree by John. TVl inn i»r nil i\ Tnou \\-t\r\\\r e\rwv\r\ rs-P 4-l--n Tin *-s1 -iu.v(«-t imiiv u v«o iui/i) ouiiiu \jx. mix; uttiu.* bojlecl eggs out of the basket and vaaished, remarking that she was going toitake her clotbes off and dry them in the sun while she ate hep breakfast, and th»t she advised him. to do the same. Accordingly, as soon as she was well, out of sight behind the shelter oi the rocks, she set to work to get out of her sodden garments, in itself a task of no little difficulty.' Then she wrung them out and spread them one by one on the' flat water- washed stones around, which were now thoroughly warmed with the sun. Next she went down a few paces to a ? pool under the shadow of the bank, in the rock.bed of the river, and bathed her . bruses and washed the sand and mud from her hair and feet. After this shs came and sat berself on a slab or flat stone out of the glare of the sun, and ate her breakfast of hard-boiled eggs, reflecting meanwhile oh 'the position in! which she found herself,' For her heart was sore and heavy, and she could find it in her heart to wish that she was lying somewhere beneath those rushing waters. She had calculated on death and now she was not dead, and she and her shame and her trouble might yet live for many a year. She was like one who in , her sleep had seemed to soar on arrgcls' wings out into the air depths, and then awakened with a start to find that she had tumbled from her bed. All the heroic scale, all the more than earthly depth of passion, all the spiritualised desires that had sprung into being beneath the shadow of the approaching end, had come down to the common level of an undesirable attachment, along which she must now drag her weary foot for many a year. Nor was that all. She had been false to Bessie, and more, she had broken Bessie's lover's troth. She had tempted him and he had fallen, and now he was as bad as she. Death would have justified all this ; she would never have done it had she thought that she was going to live ; but now death had cheated her, as he has a way of doing with people to whom his presence is more or less desirable, and left her to cope with the spirit she had invoked when his sword was quivering ovor her. 'What would be the end of it, supposing that they escaped ? What could be the end except misery? It should go no further, far as it had gone, that she swore; no, not if it had broke her heart and his too. The condidions were altered again, and the memory of those dreadful andwonderf ul hou rs when they two swung upon the raging riverand exchanged their undying troth with the grave for their altar, must bo a memory and nothing more. It had risen on their lives like some beautiful yet terrible dream-image of celestial joy, and now like a dream it must vanish, and yet it was no dream, except in so far as all her life was a dream and a vision, a riddle of which glimpses of the answer came as rarely as gleams of sun shine on a rainy day. Alas! it was no dream ; it was a portion of the living, breathing past, that having once been in immortal in its every part and moment, incarnating as it does the very spirit of immortality, an utter incepacity to change. As the act was, as the world had been spoken, so would act and word be forever. And now this undying thing must be caged and cast ? about with the semblance of death and clouded over with the, shadow of an unreal forgetfulness. Oh, it was bitter, very bitter; What would, it be now to go away from him and; -know him married to her own sister, the other woman with a prior right ? What would it be to think of Bessie's sweet ness slowly creeping into her empty place and filling, it, of Bessie's gentle constant love covering up the recollec tion of their wilder passion, preyading ?it and covering it up as the twilight slowly prevades and . covers up the day till at last perhaps it was all blotted out and forgotten in the night of forget fulness ? And yet it was so, she was determined that it should be so. Ah, that she had died then with his kiss on his lips! Why had he not let her die ? And the poor girl shook her damp, hair over her lace and sobbed in the bitterness of her hearfc,'as Eve might have sobbed when ? Adam reproached her: But, naked or dressed, sobbing will not mend matters in this sad world oi ours, a fact that: Jess had the sense to relise ; so. she presently wiped her eyes with her hair, having nothing else handy to wipe them with, and set tc work to get into her. partially-dried garments again, a procasa calculated to irritate the most fortunate, and happy-minded woman in the wholf wide world. Certainly in her present frame of mind those damp, bullet-torn clothes drove Jess nearly wild,, sc . much so that had she been a man, she would probably have sworn— a con. solation that her sex denied her Fortunately b1iq had a travelling coml in her pocket, with which she madj shift to do her curling hair, if hair 5cai be said to be done when one has rio'b^i hairpin or even a bit of string to f astei it up with. : ? Then, after a last '? and f rightfu struggle with liorBoddeu boots, tha seemed to take almostiaa mnbbiaut1 o her as her roll at the bottom of the Vaa she rose and walked back to the spot 1 ?where she had left John an hour before. He was employed when she reached him in saddling up the two greys, with the saddles and bridles that he had removed from the careases of the horses ? which., the lightning had destroyed. \ ' Hulloa, Jess, you look quite smart. Have you dried your clothes?' ho said. ' I have after a fashion.' ' Yes,' sho answered. ' He looked at her.. 'Why, dearest, you have been crying. Come,! things are black enough, but it is no use crying. At any rate,- we have got off with our lives sorfar.' - ; ' John,'- said Jess sharply,- there must be no more of that. Things have changed. Wo , were .dead_last night. Now wo have ; come : t6BlOife?'again. Besides,' she: added,1 wirh.. a*-ghost of a laugh, ' perhaps you ..will see Bessie to morrow..; 'I should^: think that we ought to have, got to ;the end: of our misfor tunes.' ???:?:.-??- ??????: - John's face fell, as the recollection of the impossible and most tragic position in which they were placed, physically andmorally, swept into his mind. 'My dearest Jess,' he said, ' what is to bo done?' , , , S lie stamped her foot, in the bitter anguish of her heart. ' I told you,' she said, 'that there must bo no more of that. What are you thinking about ? From to-day we arc dead to each othor. I have done with you and you with me. . It is your own fault : you should have let me die. Oh, John John,' she wailed out, ' why did you not let.me.die? -Whydid we.not botli die? We should i have been happy now, or — asleep. We must part, John, jye 'must parfcj'ancl what shall 1 do without you ? .what shall X do ?' Hnr distress' win very poignant and it affected li'm so muoii that for n moment he could not trust himself to answer her. 'Would it not be best to make a clean breast of it to Bessie?' he said at last. ' I should feel a blackguu'd for the rest of my life, but upon my word I have a mind to do it.' ' NV), no,' she cried passionately, 'I will not have you do it !' Ton shall swear to mo that you will never breathe a word to Bessie. I will nob have her happiness destroyed. We have siunod, we must suffer! not Bessie, who is innocont and only takes her .right. I promised my dear mother to look after Bossje and protect her, and I will not be the one to betray her— never, never ! Yon must marry her and I must go away. There is no other way oub of John looked at her, not knowing what to say or do. A sharp pang of despair went through him as he watched the passionate pale face and the great eyes dim with toars. How was he to part from her ? He put out his arms to take her in them, but she pushed him away almost fiercely. 'Huve you no honor I' she cried. ' It it not all hard enough to boar without you tempting me ? I tell you it is all done with. Finish saddling that horso and let us start. The sooner wa get off the sooner it will be over, unloss the Boers catch U3 again and shoot us which for my own part I devoutly hope they mxy. You must make up your mind to remember that I am nothing but your sisterin law. If you will not remember it, then I shall ride away and leave you to go your way and I will go mine.' John said no more. Her determina tion was as crushing as the cruel necessity that dictated it. What was more, his own reason and sense of honor approved it, whetevor his passion might prompt to the contrary. As he turned wearily to finish saddling the horses he almost regretted with Jess that they had not both been drowned and got it over. : Of course the only saddles that they had were those belonging to the dead Boers, which was very awkward for a lady. Luckily for herself,howovor, Je3s could, from constant practice, ride almost as well as though she had beon trained to the ring, and was even capable. of blancing herself without a pommel on a man's saddle, having often and often ridden round the farm in. that way. So soon as the horses wee ready she /astonished John by clambering into the saddle of the older and steadier animal, placing her foot ?in the stirrup-strap and announcing that she was ready to start. 'You had better ride some other way,' said John. 'It isn't usual, I know, but you will tumble off bo.' 'You shall see,' Bhe said with a ?little laugh, putting the horse into a canter as she spoke. John followed her on the other horse, and noted :with amazement that sho sat as straight and steady.onher slippery seat as though she were on a hunting saddle, keepinsf herself from falling by an instinctive balancing of the body which was very curious to notice. When they got woll on to the plain they halted to consider their route, and as they did vso; Jess- pointed to the long lines of vultures* descending to feast on their would-be murderers. ' ' If thev ; went down the river it would lead ;them to Standorton,-.ahd there ithey would be safe if they could get into the town, which was garrisoned by English. But, then, us they had gathered from the conversation of their O3oort, Standor. ton was closely invested by the Boers, and to try and pass through thoir lines was more than they dared to do. It was true that they still had the pass signed: by the Boer general, but after what .had occurred they were not un naturally.' isbrne what sceptical aboal the value of -a pass, and certainly ,un willing to put its efficacy to the proof So after due consideration, they 'deter to avoid;.. St'anderton bnd?_rideiu ith'i opposite direction till they found i practicable , ford , of the. Vaal. ,,.-, Fortun ately, they both -of thorny had a yor fairidoa of the lay 'of tlib Hand ; j ani inj_ addition to this, John possessed small compass fastened to his watoh chain, which would enable him to steer a pretty^correet course across the veldt — a fact that would render them inde pendent of the roads. On the roads they would, run a momentary -risk,' if not a certainty, of detection. But on the 'wide veldt the chances were they would meet not living creature 'except the wild game. Should they come across -houses- they would-be able to avoid tfrenvand their male inhabitants would probably be far away on busi ness connected with the war. ' ? ' ''?' Accordingly they rode ton miles or more along the bank without seeing a soijl,- when they reached a spaco of: bubbling .shallow water that looked fordablo. Indeed, an investigation of* the banks ,. revealed ..tho fact that a loaded waggon Jiid ?passed the riven/al no distant date, perhaps a week before. ' That is good enough,' said John ; 'wo will try it.' And without further ado they plunged in, ?] ' . ,tn the centre of. the stream the wa'er was strong and deep andfor a few yards took the horses off their legs, but they struck out boldly till thoy got thoir footing again; and after that there was no more trouble. On the further side of the. river John took counsel . with his compass, and they steered a course straight for Mooifon tbin. At midday they offaaddled the horses for an hour by some water, and ato a small portion of their remaining food. ? Then thoy upsaddled and went on across the lonely, dicsolate veldt. No human- being did they S3e all that long day. Tho wide conatry was only tenanted by great herds of game that came thundering past like Bquadrons of cavalry, or hero and thero by cotorios of vultures, hissing and fight ing furiously ovor some dead buck. And so al. list the twilight gathered 'and found them alone in the wildor noss. : ' Well, what is to be dona now?' sail] Jnhn, pulling up his tired horse. ' It will i-e dark in half an hour.' Jo-is slid from li^r saddle as sho nns'vurol, ' Get off and go to sleep I KI]!)|1OSO.' She wa? quite right ; thero was absolutely nothing else that they could do : so John sat to work and hobbled the horses, tyinoj them both together for further security, for it would be a dreadful thing it they were to Btray. By tin) time that this was done tho twilight ivas deepening into night, and the two sat down to content plete their surrouu.lings with feelings akin to despair. So far as the oyo could reach there was nothing to bo aeen but a vast stretch of lonely plain across which tho night wind blew in dreary £»usts, making the greeii grass ripplo like the Bea. There was absol utely no shelter to bo had, nor any thing to break the monotony, unless it was a couple of ant heap?, and Joss took up her position on the other, and there they remained, like pelicans in tlid wilderness, watching the daylight fade out of tho day. ' Don't you think that we ha I better sit together ?' suggested Johu feebly. ' It would be warmer, you see.' ' No, I don't,' answered Jess snapp ishly. 'I am very comfortable as I am.' 'Unfortunately, however, this was not the exact truth, for poor Joss's teeth were already chattering with cold. Soon, indeod, they found that tho only way to keep thoir blood moving was, weary as they were, to continually tramp up and down. After an hour and a half of tliia or so, the breeze dropped and the temperature got more suitable to thoir lightly clad, half-starve'l, and almost exhausted bodies. Then tho moon came up, and the hyenas, or wolves, or some such animals, came up also and howled round them — though they could not see them. These hyenas proved more than Jflss's mi'ves could stand, an'd she at last condescended to ask John to share her ant-heap : where they sat shivering in each other's arms, through out the livelong night. Indeod, had it not been Tor the warmth they gathered from each other, it is probable that they would have fared even worse than they did-; for, though tho day3 were hot, the nights were now beginning to get . cold on the high veldt, especially when, as at present, the air had recently, been chilled by a heavy tempest. Another drawback to their romantic situation was that they were positively soaked by the falling dew. There they sat, or rather cow ered, for hour after hour without sleeping, for sleep was impossible, and almost without speaking ; and yet, notwithstanding the wretchedness of their circumstances, not altogether unhappy, since they were united in their misery. At last the eastern sky began to turn grey, and John rose and shook the -dew from his hat; and clothes, and limped off as well as his half-frozen limbs would allow to catch the horses, which were standing together some yardB away, ' looking huge and ghost-like in the mist.. \ By sunrise lie managed to saddle them, up, and they ''started once more: Th'ja tiine, however, he had to lift Jess ; or ;to the saddle. . . :- : About eight o'clock thoy halted anc ate their little remaining food, anc thon went on: slowly enough ' for th- | horses were as tired aB they were, anc it was necessary to husband them il :th6y~'wro~lib^'roabli'Mboif6ntieiri bj ? dark. At 'midday they halted for at hour and. a half, and then,. feeling , almost warn out,, continued v theii . journey, reckoning that they couli : not be more than sixteen or -seven i. teen miles from Mooifontoin. It was about two hours' after ? thia that th '? catastropho happened.':' '?' ''-Tho coura- ?J they were following ran down- the sirl ' of tho land wave, then 'across'- a littl , swampy sluit, and up the opposite slope Thoy ' crof sad tho swampy 'ground ' walked their horses up to' the crest o j the opposite rise, and found theraselve face to face with a party of armed au mounted Boera. , CHAPTER XXXT. c :: JESS FINDS A FniEyD. ; G The Boers swooped down on them 1 with a shout, liko a hawk on a sparrow ,\ John pulled up his horse and drew his '} revolver. -: ,-:'. v 'i; ; 1 ' Doh'fc^ don't 1' cried Jess ; ' our e only chance is to be civil ;' when, 1 thinking better of tho matter, he t replaced it, and wished the leading i Bnor c;ood day. - ?; 'What aro yo-'i doing hore ?' asked tho ? Dutchman ; whereon Jess ex- ' plained that they had a pass — which t John promptly produced — and 'were pjoceeding to Mpoifontein. 1 ' Ah,'Ocri Crofts!' said the Boer as I he— took the pass, 'you are likely lo meet a buryinc; party there,' and at, 1 tHoJtiineyJesS did not understand what r| lie meant. 'He eyed the pass suspie-' 1 iously all ovor, and then asked how it 1 came to be stained with water. , Jess, not daring to toll tho truth, sai I: that it bad .been dropped; into a puddle. The Boer was about to return | it, when suddenly his eye fell upon Jewa'fl saldlo. l ' How is it that the girl is riding on , a man's saddle?' he asked. 'Wliy, I ] know that saddle ; let mo look at the ' other side. Yes, there is a bullet-holo through the flap. That is Swart Dirk's': saddle.' How did you get it?' ; ; - 'I bought it from' him,' answered Jess, without a moment's hesitation. ' I conld get nothing to rido on.' , The Boer shook his ho'ifl. ' Thero are plenty.of saddles in Pretoria,' he said, ' and these are not the days when a man sells his siddle to an English girl. Ah! and this other is ii Boer faddlo, too. No. Englishman has a saddle-cloth like that. This pa^s is not sufficient,' ho went on in a cold tone : ' it should liAve been counter signed by the local conmandaut. I must arrest you.' Jess began to make further excuses, bub he merely repeated, 'I must arrest you,' and gave some orders to tho men with him. ' We are in for it again,' she said to John ' and thero is nothing for it but to go.' ' I shan't mind so much if only they will give us some grub,' said. John philosophically^ ' I am half starved.' ' Aud I am half dead,' said Joss ?with alittlo laugh. 'I wish they woul'l shoot us and havo done with it.' ' Come, ehoer np, Jess,' he answerod ; ' porliaps the luck is sijoincr to change.' Sho shook hor hoad with an air of one who expects tho worst, and then somo gay young spirits among the Boers came up and made things pleasant by an exhibition of their polished wit, which they chioffy exer cised at the expouse of poor Jess, whose appoaranee was, as may well be imagined, exceedingly wretched and forlorn ; so much so that it would have moved tho pity oi most people. But those-, specimens of the golden youth of a simple pastoral folk found in it a rich mino of opportunities. They asked her if she would, not liko to rido straddle-legged, and if. she had bought her dress from an old Hottentot who had done with ir, an-l !r -I'n had beon rolling about tipsy id the veldb to get all- the mud on it; and generally availed themselves of this unparalleled occasion to be witty at the expense of an'English lady in sore distress. In deed, one gay young dog called jacobus was proceeding from jokes linguistic to jokes practical. Perceiving that Jess only kept her soat on tho man's saddle by the exorcise of a curious faculty of balance, it occurred to him that it would be a fine thing to upset it . and. make her fall upon her face. Accordingly, with a sudden twist of tho rein he brought his horse sharply against her wearied animal, nearly throwing it down ; but she was too quick for him, and saved herself by catching at tho mane. Jess said noth ing ; indeed, she made no answer to her tormentors, and : fortunately John understood very little of what thoy were saying. Presently, however, the young Boer made another attempt, ?putting out his hand to give her a sly push, and as it happened John saw it, and the sight of the indignity made the blood boil in his veins. Beforo he could reflect on what ho was doing ho was alongside of the man, and catching him by the throat, had hurled him backwards over his crupper, with all the force he could command. The man fell heavily upon his shoulders, and instantly there was a great hub bub. John drew his revolver, and the other Botrs raised their, rifles, so that Jess thought that there was an end of it, and put her hand before her face, having first thanked John for avenging the insult with a swift flash of her beautiful eyes. .And, indeed, in another second it would have been all ovor had not the elder man who had taken the pass interposed ; the fact being that he had' witnessed the pro ceedings which led to his follower's discomfiture, and, being a decent man at bottom, had disapproved of them. 'Leave them, alone and put down those guns,' he shouted. 'It served Jacobus right ; he was. trying to push the girl from her hor3O. Almighty ! it is' not wonderful those English call ub brute beasts when you boys do such .thing's.' Put down your guns, I sav and one of you help Jacobus up. He looks as sick as a buck with a bullet through it,' '; Accordingly tho row passed over, andthe playful Jacobus— whoiri Jess ?noted .with satisfaction w«s.oxceed ingly sick and trembled in every liinb —was with difficulty hoisted on to his horse, and: continued his journey with not a single bit of fun loft in him. A little while after this Joss pointed out a long low hill that lay upon Itht flat veldb, a dozen miles or so away away, like a stone on a stretch o^sand 'Look,' sho said. ' thero is Mooifon tein, at last,;' : ; '..-. 'We are not there yot,' remarked John sadly; Another * weary half -hour pasBcd. and then they suddenly oa passing )ver a crest saw Huns Ooetzoe's home- fo itead lying down by tho water in the toj lolloyv. So that was where they were ro ieinar' takbn'to... '.- . . , . .: Tl t Within a hundred' yards, of the on lpuso thn Boers halt?tl and consulted, ve jxcont .Tncobug, who went ori, still H obking very greon. Finally, the older co nan came to them and addressed Jess, an it the satno time. handing her back tho loj iaiR. ? _ '}-? 'You can go on homo,' ho said, in Tho Englishman mu3t stay with us .co iill wo find, oub moro about him.' be ' He says that [ can go. What shall wi [' do?' asked Jess. 'I dou:t liko gn leaving, you with these men.' en ' Do ?' why' go,' of course. I can sh 100k after, myeelE ; and if I can't, cer- '1 tainly you: won't be able to help me. w Perhaps you will be able to get somo A iolp at : the -rann. At any rate you at must go.', :.-,;,? !ie 'Now, Englishman,' said the Boer. It 'Good- bye, Jess,' said John. 'God .!« bless you.' ' ,\ Tl ?'?''Good-bye, John,' she answered, oi looking him stoadilyin the eyes, for a gi moment, and then, turned a-way to' ai hide' the tears which would gather in hi her own. a' Aud thus thoy parted. a She knew her way now even across ei tho open veldt, for she dared not go by ti the road. There was, however, a bridle ft pil;h that ran over tho hill at tho back tf of Mooifontein, and for this she se shaped her onrae. It was five o'clock d' by now, and both she and her horac wore in a condition oE great oxhaustion ' ^ which was enhanced in her case by al want of food and trouble of mind. But she was a strong woman and had g1 a will like iron, and sho held on when C( most women would' have' died. Jess °' meant to get to Mooifontein somehow, ' and Bhe knew that she would get there. *' If she could only reach the place and get ol sorao help sent to her lover, she I11 did not greatly care what happened to ': her afterwards. The pace of the horse ^ she was riding gob slower and slower. ^ From the ambling canter into which at ni first she managed to occasionally force w it, and which is the best pace to travel °' at in South AFrica, it continually *{ collapsed into a rough short trot, which 'v was agony to her, riding as she was, sf and from tho trot into a walk. In- w deed, just before sunset, or a little 1T after frix o'clock, the walk became final. % At last they reached tho rising ground u that strofcohod up the slope to the Mooifontein hill, and here the poor n beast fell down utterly worn out. Jess slipped off and tried to drag it up, but; ° failed. It had not a yard oE go left in ^ it. So sho did what bIio could, pulling off the bridle and undoing tho girth, }' so that tho saddle would fall off if the x': horso over managed to rise. Then she .° set to work to walk ovor the hill. The !) poor horso watched her go with melan choly eyes, knowing that it was being ^ desei-teil. First it neighed, then with . a desperate effort it struggled to its l feet and ran after her a hundred yards c or so, only to fall down ae;;uu at last. c Jess turned and saw il, and, exhausted a as she was, sho positively ran to get I away from the look of those big eyes. \ That night there was a cold rain, in which tho horse perished, as ' poor ' * horses are apt to do. j: It was noarly dark when Jess at length reached the top of the hill and looked clown. Sho know thn spot well ^ and from it she could always see the ^ light from tho kitchen window ef the , house. To-night there was no light, i Wondering what it conld mean, and . fooling a fresh chill of doubt creep ^ round her heirt, sho scrambled on ^ down the hill. \Vhon she was about p halfway down a shower of sparks '{ suddenly shot up into the air from the spot where the house should be, caused j by tho fall of a pioco of wall into tho ^ smouldering embers beneath. Again ^ Jess pauBod, wondering and aghast. What could have happened ? Deter- ^ rained at all hazards to discover, sho j crept on very cautiously. Beforo sho i had gone another twenty yards, how- j ever, a hand was suddenly laid upon j her arm. She turned quickly, too ^ paralysed with fear to cry out, and as j she did so a voice that waa familiar to , her whispered, ' Missie Jess, Missie * Jess, is it you V into her ear. ' I am ( Jantje.' , She gave a sigh of relief, and her ( heart, which had stood still, began to ? move again. Hero was a friend at '. last. ' I heard you coming down the hill, though you came so Boftly,' he said ; 'but I could not tell who it was, because you jumped from rock to rock and did not walk as' usual. But I thought it was a woman with boots ; I could not tell who it was, because tho light all falls dead against the hill, and the stars aro not up. So I got to the loft o£ your path — -for the wind is blowing from the right— and waited till you had passed and winded you. Then I knew who you were for certain — either you or Missie Bessie ; but Misaie Bss3ie is shut up, so it could not be hor.' ' Bessie shut up !' ejaculated Jess, not even paushing to marvel at the dog liko instinct thab had enabled tho ' Hottentot to indontify her. ' What do you moan?' 'This way, Missie, come this way, and I will tell you ;' and he led her to a fantastic pilo o£_rocks in which it was . his wild habit to sleep. Jess , knew the place well, and had ofton i peeped into, but never entered, tho ' Hottentot's kennel. ?? T 'Scop a bit, Missie. [ will go and i light a candle; I have some in there, i and thoy can't see tho light from out side;' and accordingly he vanished. I In a few seconds ho returned, and, 5 taking her by the sleeve, led her along ,' a winding .passage between groat ;'' boulders' till they came to a beeholo in -. the rooks, through which she could, see . bhe light shining. jQ-oing down on his I hands and knoes, Jantjo crepb through and Jess followed him. ? She found , herself in a small aparfcmrnt, about six I feot square by eight high, principally rmod by tho accidental falling gother of several big boulders, and ofed in by ono great natural slab, le place, which was lighted by an d of, candle stuck upon tho floor, was ry dirty, ns was to be expected: of a ottontot-B den, and in it were llcctid an enormous variety of oddH ,d c.nds. As, discarding a three jrgeil stool which Jantje offered her, ;ss sunk down upon a pilo of skins tho corner, her eye fell upon a lleotion worthy of an oil rag and moshbp.' Tho sidea of the chamber arc festooned with every imaginable innent, from fclio white full-dress. ?at of sin Austrian officer down to a nuking pair of corduroys Jantje hail iftod ' from the body of a bushmati, hichjho had discovered in his rambles. 11 tlieso clothes were in various ages -of decay, and obviously the, suit of years of- pabieut collecting, i tho corners , again were sticks, srries, and two.aasegaia, a number of jeer shaped stones and bones, handles . 'broken table-knives, bits of locks of ins, portions of an American clock, id various other articles which this iman jackdaw had picked up and dden away here. Altogether it was strange place ; and it vaguely . oc lrred to Jess, as sli3 sank back' upon io dirty skina, that, had ibnot been -r the old clothes and tho wreck of le American clock, she would have len a very fair example of tho svellings of primeval man. ' Stop before you begin,' she said, [lave you anything to eat here ? I n nearly starving.' Jantje grinned knowingly, and rubbing in a heap of rubbish in the )rner, drew out a gourd with a piece I flat sheet-iron, which had once formd io back plate of a stove, placed on the )p of it. It contained ' maas ' or irdled butter milk, which a woman ad brought him down that very morn ig from a neighbouring kraal, and was 3stined for Jantje's own supper, [ungry as he was himself, for ho had ad no food all day, he gave it to Jess ithout a moment's hesitation, to ether with a wooden spoon, and, juatting on a rock before her, watched er eat it with guttural exclamations of itisfaction. Not knowing that she ?as robbing a hungry man, Jess ate the iaas to the last spoonful, and was rateful to feel the sensation of gnaw lg sickness leave hor. ' Now,' she said, 'tell me what you lean.' Thcrairpon Jantje began at the be inning and related the events of the day o far as he was acquainted with them. ,Vlien ho came to where the old man vas dragged, with kicks and blows and gnominy, from his own house, Joss's yes flashed and she positively ground er teeth with indignation ; and as for er feelings when she learnt tiiat lie was ondemneci to death and to be shot at awn on the morrow, they were simply ndescribable. OE the Bessie compli ations Jantje was quite ignorant, and lould only tell her that Frank Muller had m interview with her sister in tho little -lantation, atter which sho was shut up n the store-room, where sho still was. 3ut this was quite enough for Jess, vho knew Muller's character better, (erhaps, than anybody else, .and was not i -y any means ignorant of his designs ipon Bessie. A few moments' thought iut the key of the matter into her hand. !he saw now what was the reason of he granting of the pass, and of the letermined and partially successful at ompt at wholesale murder of which hey had been the victims. She saw, ioo, why her old uncle had been con lemned to death — it was to be used us i, lever with Bessie; tho man was :apable even of that. Yes, she saw it ill as clear as daylight ; and in her leart she swore, helpless as she seemed ;o be, that she would find a way to pre p'ont it. But what way ? what way ? ^.h. if onlv John were here ! But ho ,vas not, so sho must act withouthim £ only sho could see the way to action. 3he thought first of all of going down joldly and facing Muller, and denounc ing him as a murderer beforo his men ; jut a moment's reflection showed that ;liis was impracticable. For his own safety he would bo obliged to stop her nouth somehow, and tlit best she could »xpect would be to be incarcerated and rendered quite powerless. If only she 3ould manage to communicate with Bessie ! At any rate it was absolutely necessary that she should know what was going on. She might as well be a hundred miles away as a hundred yards. ' Jantje,' sho said, ' tell mo where the Boers are.' ' Some are in the waggon- house, Missie, some are on sentry, and tho rest are down by tho waggon thoy brought with them and outspanned behind the gums thero. The cart is thero, too, that came just before you did, with the clergyman in it.' ' And where is Frank Muller ?' ' I don't know, Missie j but ho brought a round tout with him in the waggon, and it is pitched between the two big gums.' ' Jantjo, I must go down there and find out what is going on, and you must come with me.' , ? You will bo caughb, Missio. There is a sontrv at tho back of the waorcon house and two in the front. But,' ho addad, 'perhaps -ve might get;noar. I will go out and look at tho night.' : Presently he returned and said that a 'small rain' had come on, and the oloudB covered up the stars bo that it was very dark. ' Well, let us go at once,' said Jess. ' Missie, you had better not go,' answered tho Hottentot. ' You will got wet, and the Boors will catch ? you. Better let me go. I can creep about like a snake, and if the Boera catch me it wont matter.' 'You must como too, but I jam going. I must find out.' ' Tho the Hottentot shrugged: his shoulders aud yielded and having ex tinguished the candle, silently aB ghosts thoy cropt out into tho night. (2b he Continued.) j 