THE GHOST AT THE OROSs; BO ADS. The village of Ballymurphy was some twenty/ years ago in a very excited condition. For the' information of the reader it is necessary to state, that Bellymurphy is a decaying and dilapidated1 town in the soulh of Ineiand, somewhere be tween the G-alteefland the Comeraghs, and was at, the oenod alluded to in a far mora prosperous condition than it is at present. Bad harvest?,. harsh landlords, and the flow of emigration Esurons tho Atlantic have in Ireland, as elsewhere, hail their effect, aud the place is now but a wreck of ita former self. Ths excitement aroso from supernatural causes. A ghost, a real new— shall we say live — ghost appeared about the cross-roads at the' entrance to the main street of the village. That he muat have been a ghost of more than ordinary interest was denoted by tho intense excitement which his appearance produced. Ghosta were ia that part of the world by no means rare. Every gravo-yard, ovo?y fair- ground, even the bridgeo and iho gvow .roade, had each ifca super natural denizens. 01 lato years these have got senrcor, and it is difficult to surmise what has be come of the 'bunabooo' and the; ' leprechaun a,' ao prov&leot; before tho spread of liborsl educa tion. Tho wgito? knaves of a ntuvdy selector in Vioiovifi who w&e; some years r-go afvaid to leava Jus father's house in Munotei1 after dark nnlesa ia thEJOompany of aonio ghostvproof companions. Thia individual nwoww evevj to thia dey that ia hia early years he on passing aft i?On gate in tbe adjoining paddock, 01: fea*?to field, as they Qtiy, was sure to onsouint-.G? iho apporition of g bniliff killed on the npot oorao ten years before. JTov? be thinks toothing of leaving Wnngamtta ot dead of 'flight to travel twenty miles to hia boms, and though his route ptv.Bes the scone of many bad murdevp. including the ^o?e.l deeds of Mor gan and the Kelly b, net a ghost has ho o~er reen. jPerhapo the Auiitr&lujn; cliiefito is not favourable Son tho production of f.bs eupcvpiitnral ; perhaps (the ipj.n^iDation of Australia is not excited and ^terrified by thoBQ bloodcurdling cii-cumotaatisl ^OTns which, when told over a winter tire, pro duce suck sn effect on tbo libtenev that,. like Tarn O'Shopt©?, he ia after nightfall apt to discern nn -svil spirit in every stoae and troe-sturcte. Though the gho&fc; of the cross reads s^its'eci Ballymurpby, ho created littlo surprise, for he 'Was expected. At taa bask of tbe village was a large field which, from time imrasjnonftl h?.d aerer b.?eE broken. Not a rAoigh bad turned ©cor tho nod, though the district, was better j suited for tillage tbfia uraaipg, tn ta corner of that ba^n G.cM was (ho ram sin* ?9f a ratli or fort, ono of t'sose circular ?saolosed mound?, tbe odgin of which ie hy some attributed to tbo Bane^ CMhors are of opinion that these were eat reach' ments thrown up for defensive purposes, j-Tot c few bohavo them to have been used gg granaviep, and among the peasantry it is an article of faith that they belonged to the t( good people,' as the fairies aro termed-, Anywsy, an Irish farmer will not. svoa uncles.1 the direst landlord threats deta to brock through, the- cir culate fence or clay wall v,7b.ich surrounds 4heee Btrncfcnrep. Thst at Ballyttmrphy must have i-uffered from the effects of time and We&thor;, for the we.]Js w-?re levelled nrd fche site of the forpjsj!' f r-j L was piTuoel? disiia^niBh sble from tha remaining portion of ths meads??. ! ffndeecL tbe younger gerv.'rat.inr* R'eem^fS to bo ngnorarst of the ey.isUvoce of such an interchip}* Relic of by^ono ages, «vhon an ificidep.t Oe carped which attested general altiMitfon to the rath. The land around EaUyBanrph'y had been for generations, nay csslnnes. held by -ha Daly family, knu^Q &b; the ' strode t lV ten&nt;'- farmers in. the parish. For tbe benefit of th& reader, it may be. ?explained that a 'strong' farrier may pfjVefeally be a pigmy, for the stljeotive in this sense ?refers to hie finsneial standing. Occupying such an important position, ^-he Pr.iy family felt it incumbent on themselves rfa saaintain a etyle of liviDg beyond their 'Gleans. Eoch generation of Dfllys uofc only kept np tho ' daciney ' o? the family, but managed to add a modicum of respectability on its own acconnt, The intro duction o£ froe trade lowered the price of oorn, with the resnlt that the last scion ox tbe D&lys;, like hia neighbours, had to live on a greatly re doced income. He, however, supplemented this by adopting atili greater credit r.nd {he usubI ©Sect enenoc], Year by year be plunged deeper in debt until at last the day of reckoning came and the sfcoc??, farming implements, goodwill, &c;, &c.F; of his holding v?ero sold by auction cjnd after the landlord's claim was discharged barely sufficient remained to carry the lost oi tho Dalya and bis family across the Atlantic. His Bnccespor was by no means popular. He Was a self-made mun, and when a member of that class displaces one oi tho * rale ould stock' the change is net popular. To woe h»B own ex preflsiorij the Irish pesyant does not like to see ' dunghills rising and castles falling.' Billy Ryan was the son of a widowed huckster, 'who carried on buniners in tbe village of Bally murphy. Possessed of keen commercial instincts ?which his mother's calling strongly developed, lie from childhood showed himself determined to get on in the world. When a boy he drove a ltmle and cart .around to the farmhouses and bought fowls fvnd e.gge, which he shipped to England at a large profib. He r.oxt turned to cattle buying1, and when ho reached man's estate was engaged in several undertakings. He let out. tbrcshitig ma chines, and be was a road contractor on a large scale. He was fond of a quick turnover with good profits. Before attaining the age of 40 he was tbe richest man in the parish, and tenant of the farm once held by several generations of Dal vs. On entering into possession, K.yan commenced to turn tho land to the best advantage. The large bawn field at the bottom of the village, however. caused him much anxiety. For generations it had been regarded as a land of common by the inhabitants of Ballymurphy. The village chil dren used it as a play-ground, the village fowls were through the day continually gam bolling about, and sometimes the village pigs and donkeys overleapt the fence which divided the green expanse from the backyards. On Sundays all the youth of the parish played football or hurley on the field at the cross roads, which flanked the village, and when a row arose in any of the* local pubs., tbe considerate landlord bundled the belligerents through the back door so that they might settle their little difference in Daly's big field. The new tenant did not look with pleasure on theEe things. He imported a fierce bull from the county Cork, an animal that had already killed an adult 'cowboy.' This monarch of the meadows was turned into the big field, and for a time succeeded in scaring the villagers from their favourite haunt, but he succeeded in doing his ?work too ?well. Ono day he gored a poor simpleton who had ventured into the field. The mother of the wounded lad threatened Billy Ryan with a widow's curse unless tbe bovine sentinel were removed, while on the next Sunday the ' bhoys of the place' gave the bull a ' father of a bating' for daring to dispute their right to enter the field. The consequence of all this waa that the bull was soon, sold, aud Mr, Billy Ryan resolved on a new device to cope with the village trespassers. He decided to plough the big field. This caused general surprise. .The turf had not. been broken up for centuries, and the peoplo of Ballymurphy came to look upon it as a sort of common. On the Monday morning that Ryan, accompanied by plough and horses, entered tho field the villagers assembled aud jeered at him. Hio iimovatiou in agriculture was regarded airhoist tk a sacrilege. Their disapproval turned to downright horror when t!.Yey beheld the horses and plough, after travelling right acrofs tho field, enter the tu'Ii or fort at the corner. As the plough cut through the sunken fence und the green circular patch they fully ex pected to see horses and driver drop dead, for according to tradition this was the fate meted out to those who had previously intruded oil the domain of the 'good people0 in a simi'ar fashion. But no, the horses got. to the fence and turned back a jvain, ami during tho whole of the winter's d'iy they travelled fco and fro until ths ruth, like the rest of the Gild, was covered with dark loam icrttt-ad or! green turf. The general opinion was that harm must come of such an outrage, hut little did Billy Ryan fret. He bar! planted in the fallow a crop oi potatoes aud gvetn crops, and when fchese began to sprout over ground he 'Jeered at , the pishognts or supeivlitiorj-s of the neighbour?. How ever, an 'oVeufc soon occurred which justified the warnings oi' the prophets of evil, who now com menced to triumphantly smile and exclaim, 'I told you so.' A ghost appeared in the bawn field and became the terror 'ox the neighbour hood. His first apperirauC-'e was shrouded in mystery, so eotiQ'.cU'og were the accounts of thofe who encountered him. Before many days every man, wouian, and child had seen the ghost, or elee was a liar. The person who could not give his or her account of the apparition wns regarded as an erratic or eccentiic ir.dividup.J., much like the 3'oung lady who wculd have enough moral courage to wear the garb of her grand mother. In fact the question 'Have you Been the ghost !J' became as common us (t Have you seen the Shah i4' did. a ft-wynu\s after in anottu? part of tho world. The iaiuo of tbe Ballymurphy ghost travelled through the 1'engih and breadth of the country, aiul h'3 Was generally conceded to be the fiercest ?s?eb in Muapfer since the days 'of ' Petticoat Loofe.' The latter w$s a feminine evil spirit, of decidedly rntar-3eron3 proclivities. Tho Irish pp?,?ftitfc still tells of her evil deeds, a,nd winds up his stories by saying, ' Sho dun moi'e damasre on this road outride here than anywhere else.' The Ballym'.'rpby spirit appeared soun after nightfall. Tho person by whom he was first seen was the lalf-witted boy before mentioned. Pass ing through the big field soon after dusk he was scared by seeing a tall figure covered with a white shroud standing on the site of the ploughed rath. Terrified, he fled home, and according to his mother's testimony the cock crew, and he fainted on seeing the candle light. These latter circum stances are held to be convincing proofs of a ghost's presence. During the ensuing fortnight several persons in tbe village were similarly frightened, and the nightly appearance of the white spectre was eagerly looked for. Though he only nhowed himself so as to be seen by but few at a time, still there was no doubt that many credible persons had encountered him. Of course the more intelligent of the community laughed and attributed the affair to the effect of superstition on a lively imagina tion. But even these wore convinced the morning after the affray between the ghost and Bill the Tinker. The latter, like most of his calling, was a desperate character who cared little for. either divine or human law. Conse quently when he rushed into tho main street of the village one night as the people were going to bed, and bellowed that he was being pursued by the ghost, all rushed out, and even those who formerly scoffed, began to believe that there was something in the ghost story. Even tbe Presbyterian police sergeant who had up to now sneered at the superstitious ' Papists' paid attention after he heard the recital of the notorious tinker, whom he had often before brought, to justice for all offences short of man slaughter. Bill was near the rath Ja^o that night — for what purpoee he refused to explain on being cross-examined by the sergeant — wh,en the now familiar spectre startled him. His description of tho ghost did not vary from tho general account, but in stead of taking to his heels tbe resolute tinker iiurjg a stone at the apparition, and im mediately heard a groan as he took to his heels. On examining the spot the eergeant discovered blood marks, and this puzzled him more than any thing. That ghost seemed to have a tangible existence. The police officer lay in wait several night?, but could see nothing supernatural. When, however, he became a ' Holy ' Roman Catholic ' some months after people attributed his conversion to the chastening influence of an interview with the ghost — never remembering that such a change of faith was necessary when he wed the daughter of a local publican. But, strangest thing of all, the ghost after a time was never more seen. In fact, beyond vague rumours of dubious origin nothing was heard after his encounter with the tinker. Billy Ryan, whose foolhardiness in ploughing up the big field was supposed to have incurred the displeasure of the ' good people/' was laid up in bed for a fort night, and as he refused to toll anyone — even his own family — the nature of his illness, it was gene rally believed that he, too, ' was Btruck,' and the general opinion was, ' sarved him right.' Though no longer seen, yet for many a long day after did that ghost terrify the neighbourhood. The village midwife declared that the fright he produced seriously affected her practice. .Full grown men, as well as women and children, were / afraid to stir out alone after nightfall. Love-sick swains and their sweethearts were so terrified, and 'coorting' so diminished, that the next Shrovetide showed an abnormal decrease in the marriage rate. However, the revenue of the parish and its curate did not diminish, for every house in the village had a series of mastses to protect the denizensprom evil influence. Father O'Donnell, the parish priest, refused to give an opinion on the subject of ghosts, but an acute observer might have noticed a twinkle in his eye as he pocketed the silver. He, good man, was gratified no doubt to see the villagers be come so religious, as, indeed, he well might. Men, young and old, ceaeed to crowd in from the neigh bouring farms and cottages every night in order to play cards, for tho game of 'forty- five' was very popular around Ballymurphy. The writer left Ballymurphy about a year after, but during a long residence in England managed to spend a few wceky o£ evory year there, Me always inquired about the ghost, but could gain nothing beyond what has been detailed above. The true story of that ghoot he learned be neath the Southern Cross. Two years ago he, who now pens these lines, reeidf-d in the Goulburn Valley somewhere botwren Shepperton and Seymour, One Sunday several farmers entered the small town to hi.Ve harvest hands. Among the number was Billy Eyau, and as he stood on the bridge with tho Goulburn running beneath it was easy to discern by the manner in which he examined the binders that a hard bargain woa to him as natural as ever, What; had brought him here? His tale waB Dimple enough. Finding that farming in Ireland could not pay, he in 1SB0 sold out the stock and interest oi Daly's farm and emigrated to Australia, where some friends had gciie before-, Possessed of Eb'ui'e capital and a large stock or shrewdness, he scon selected a de sirable sp'o't of land and at thb present moment is one of the most contented of men. t- Old Ire lnnd,5i he say?, ',' is a grand place, but, be jab'ers, Jti&n;'t the spot for a poor man to live. Arrah, think of it. Look a(: that fellow yonder. He pretends to Ire able to bind, but he wants his six bob a day, and if ye didn't give him mate three times a day and tay five times a day the devil a stroke he'd do at all, at all. It goes through me heart to pay them so welJ, but I must do it with the others.' A. native of our countiy kept a hotel in the neigh bourhood, and here ensued a long chat over old times. Some allusion to the ghost was greeted with laughter on the part of Ryan, who made tbe following explanation. ' Well, you see I won of opinion that the big field was better broken up, and, be jabers, I could not see the harm o£ ploughing a rftUi that had not been used since the time of the Danc3. Well, a? you know, I planted it wid green crops. Well, wan night, as I was coming up from the villogo what should I ree but a couple oi young fellows plucking up tne young carrots. ' ' Now/ sez I to myself, ' if they're beginning so soon what won't happen when the things are worth stalin* ? Every cabin in the village is fattenin a pig or two, and they've donkeys and fowls and eo manes of feedin' in many cafes. I'm afraid there'll be little o' yer turnips and carrots, and praties left when they sprout.' We'l, I thought of a plan, snd that was to cover myself with a sheet and act the ghost. Well, you know I Eucceeded, but the tinker was near killing me. Two inches higher the stone he flung would have dashed my brains out. As it was it left a nasty mark.' Lifting his hat, he showed a Bear on the side of the head. 