PLAYERS AND PKAYWRIGHTS. Mr- J.ohn C:1 tr.in har just- <s?ued in t'-vo snt>slii.;:iai »;:d zi;::ds<.nio voluu-es his re oollbeticus of ni-.nv brilliant lights of the stage' under the liilc- of Players and Play wrights I Save Known. This it the age of reminiscences. Within a comparative!; short period we have had the story of the theatrical life of -the Bancrofts told bj themselves, the gpuial Mr. Toole (through the medium of Mr. Joseph Hatton) lut given tin world a series of amusing stories and adventures in which he was the chief actor, Mr. Mapleson has told the public of the struggles, trials and difficulties of an operatic impresario, Mr. Sims Beeves has told with great spirit the etory of his artistic life, and only a few days have elapsed since Dr. Westland Mars ton poet, scholar and dramatist-issued a valuable and bulky work giving the result of his keen observation of the fortunes of the stage during his Jong and honorable life. These personal recollections are of great value and interest alike to the earnest student of the stage and to those of the general publio who love to get a glimpse of life behind the scenes and to see their favorites of the footlights in mufti. It can never be said that there is too much of this class of literature while books of such interest as that published by Mr. Cole man form the standard of merit. For Mr. Coleman, in his long and honorable career sb actor and author, and during bis manageroeut of the Leeds theatre and the famons " Great Northern Circuit"-whioh included Hulls York and Sheffield-has been intimately associated with the giants of the stage. " And there were giants in those days!" Mr. Coleman gives a series of verygraphio pen portraits of Macready, Phelps, Mr. and Mrs. Charles Kean, Charles Mathews, Gtutavus Brooks, Charles Dillon, John Ryder, Madam Vesfcris, Feehter, and many other celebrities, plentifully inter spersing his picturesque descriptions with characteristic anecdotes which throw in numerable side lights on the private charac ters of these distinguished people. The opening chapter is devoted to Macready, and it appears that Mr. Coleman ran away from home as a very young lad in order to " go on the stage." He resolved to try his fortune in London, and after a fearful journey by rail in a snowstorm-in the days of the open cars, when then there was absolutely no shelter lie bearded the lion in his den at Drury Lane Theatre. Macready's many-sided character is forcibly described. His magnetic power, his stern discipline, almost amounting to tyranny, and his brilliant talents and unsym pathetic nature are set forth with the skill of an able artist engaged in painting the portrait of a great man. Mr. Coleman was present in the tbreatre at Edinburgh when the famous American tragedian, Edwin Forrest, hissed Macready as Hamlet - an incident which accentuated the bitter feeling between the two tragedians, and ultimately led to the disas trous and fatai riot which occurred when Macready visited America. Mr. Coleman was present at the farewell banquet given to Macready, and he gives some sketches of the foppish and egotistical side of Bulwer Lytton's character, of his sarcastic opponent Thackery, who had written 6uch bitter satire on the author of " Night and Morning" and " Zanoni" in the " Xellowplush Papers," and of the more genial and exuberant Diokens, who, with scores of other celebrities, attended this famous valedictory dinner. The long chapter which Mr. Coleman devotes to Phelps is an abridgment of his life of that popular actor already published, and tbe hard and bitter early provincial struggles which Phelps underwent, his famous management for eighteen years of Sadler's Wells Theatre in conjunction with Greenwood, ar.d Lis subsequent triumphs at Drury Lans ."iH elsewhere are told by one who liad accurately gati<oj the true character of this kindly, patient, persevering, and deservedly popular r.ctor. Stu- 4 y " Jack " Ryder is also hit off to the life, ai.; Mr. Coleman forms a very just estimate of the talent to the Wigans, who succeeded admirably in their finished but somewhat limited range of art. The chapters on Benjamin Webster and Madame Celeste are equally faithful and discerning. The chapter on Charles Mathews is full of good stories illustrating this mercurial comedian's scrapes, adventures, light-hearted carelessness, and thorough absence of moral or financial responsibility. But it is perhaps in the sketch of Charles Reade that Mr. Coleman shows himself at his best, for his heart is evidently in the task. The novelist's noble qualities of mind and heart, his enthusiasm, his charity, his simple and transparent egotism and his brilliant literary powers, all find a faithful and sympathetic recorder. Mr. Readewas never wholly satisfied with the success of his powerful novels, and always hankered after the stage. He produced many plays, but with the exception of Masks and Faces (written with the assistance of Tom Taylor), It's Never Too Late to Mend, and Drink (adapted from Zola's 12Assomoir, he achieved no marked financial success. As a dramatist, indeed, Mr. Coleman would be the first to admit that Mr. Reade lacked con structive ability and a sense of proportion. With oil its brilliant, qualities, It's N-ver Too Late to Mend is a series of episodes rather than a cohesive play such as Sardou or Boucicault would construct, and the highlv affected prison scene which has drawn so many tears has nothing whatever to do with the main theme of the story. Mr. Coleman's sketch of that brilliant and illstarred genius Mr. GL V, Brooke, reads almost like a romance, and the account of the man's fine qualities, his wasted opportunities, and the touching account of his tragic^nd as the ship London went down in the Bay of Biscay reminds one of the career of Dickens's Sid ney Cat ton. Mr. "X. W. Robertson is another of Mr. Cole man's subjects, and the early struggles of this playwright should form a most instructive .chapter to aspirants for the stage. Mr. Cole man is quite right when he lays his finger on the weak spot of Caste-the ridiculous return of George D'Alroy from the Crimea. After "his sorrowing wife has mourned him as dead, George enters with a milk can which he has found on the step outside, and merely re marks-as Sam Gerridee and Polly Eccles, -thinking that it is his ghost, do some clown ing business under the table-"Fve brought the milk !" But this is Robertson reducing to absolute absurdity the theory of hiding the dramatic strength of a situation behind a veneer of nineteenth century stolidity and Assumed indifference. Undoubtedly Robert son knew his Thackeray backwards, but George D'Alroy was no mere pinchbeck Rawdon Crawley, as he has been described. He was the average English officer, not intellectual or clever, and with the Englishman's outward veneer of indifference, but honest, hrive and tender. The touchn g and brautiful scene in the second act of Caste mast surely have escaped Mr. Coleman's attention. So, too, must a scene in one of Robertson's failures For Love-in which, as in the sinking of the Birkenhead, the soldiers stand at attention as the ship goes down. Tte plav was s failure, and the stage management of this particular scene was ludicrous-the troopship being of the dimensions of a Thames pleasure fao>t but surely here was at Irast a fine dramatic idea. Tho other Robertsoninn failures^ in the region of melodrama. Shadow Tree Shaft and A Rapid Thaw, were dreadful enough ; so, too, was a wild and wonderful piece at the Ad<*lj}tii, called the Nijr'i'pi!,', in wIivlV Miss Furtado, as the heroivc. sNrpeil out of a gasret window into a hoat amidst roars of derisive laughter The en rep r of anothpr ill fcte^ ._ Charles Dillon, is aV«o ably re lated. K',r" ? s* another wasted life, and the fuvount gi of Dillon'* death is as follows ; lb was at a small fiorder town, called. Ha wick, that the summons came. On the opening night ~he played Othello, and although there was a wVetcbed "house, amounting to barely a few pounds, it was { generally remarked that be acted with all the ' oiJ grace and fervor. After the play, when he had finished dressing, he came and eat upon the *b»gp, waiting for the acting manager to bring him the miserable pittance which constituted his share of the receipts. The primitive orchestra consisted of a piano, in which entr'actes were played behind the scenes bj a member of the company. Evidently the chief was in a despondent mood, for he remained silent and saturnine. Voting this, one of the young fellows of the troupe sat down to the piano and began to play some lively aire. When he had finished, Dillon muttered : " You have a light heart-a light heart, sir ; bow I envy jou." With that he sighed and turned away. Could be have liad a presentiment that the end was so near ? Next morning he went down to the theatre to inquire if there were any letters. Al though the house had been eo bad on the pre ceding night, the impression created upon the scantyiaudieuoe was so favorable that & capital week's business was anticipated. Hence he was now elate and confident. After his usual custom-and a very bad one it was-'he took the company to the adjacent tavern, and stood drinks of humble malt all round, and told them eorne piquaut story of his adventures in America aud Australia; then they sallied forth together to explore the town. As they reached the middle of the High street, laughing and talking, he paused sud denly, put hia lmnd to bis bead, just as he was wont to do as Beverley, in The Gamester, and exclaimed," God, can this be death." As the words left his lips he fell dead without a groan. His muscles had been so trained to har monious motion, that habit had become second nature, and one of those who stood beside him in that supreme moment assured me that in the very rigor mortis he instinctively fell in an attitude of classic grace, even as Cesar might have fallen beneath the steel of Brutus at the base of Potnpey's statue. The account of Fechter's brilliant rise, and it seems that Fechter himself resented the attempts of a certain section of the press to magnify the glories of French dramatic art at the expense of the English article : No man more thoroughly despised this ostentatious adulation of himself at the expense of his brothers in the art than Fechter. One night, at St. John's Wood, when, he had had a little more wine than usual, he buret, out with: " Bah! I wonder what the beggars would say if they knew I was a copkney, bom in Hanway-yard, Oxford-street ?" As a matter of fact, his dramatic in spiration and his early knowledge of the drama had been derived from constant 'visits to the gallery of Dury Lane or Covent Garden, to which elevated posts of observation he made his way every night he could beg, borrow or steal a shilling. Thirty years later when he opened at the I Adelpfai, he encountered his old actor (Mr. C. J. Smith) whom he bad seen take a musical part in the pantomime of Guy Faux at Drury Lane. To the astonishment of everybody in general and the old gentleman in particular Fechter danced up to the old boy, and taking him by both hands spun him round like a teetotum to the music of Guy Faux. The history of the Fnglish stage bss also received an important as well as an attractive addition in Mr. WestJand Marion's book about Our Recent Actors. His aim has been not merely to collect a mediey of theatrical anecdotes more or less illustrative of the stage during the present century, r.or, again, to trmr tu^raphy in the formal and too often dry way which marks a collection of lives. Sir. ^faiston gives us, in addition to biography and illustrative matter, a good deal of acute though kindly criticism, which may enable younger playgoers to form a just estimate of famous men and women no longer seen upon the stage. His surrey includes actors so varied in 6tyle and achievements as T. }P. Cooke, Macready, Kemble, William Farren the elder' the Keans, Samuel Phelps, Madame Vestris, Charles Mathews, Charles Dillon, Sotbern, Rachel and Liston. If, then, the charms of variety hold good in such a subject as this, it XQUsft be obvious that we hare here a pro- 1 gramme of the most promising kind. And j Mr. Marston'e performance equals his promise. He is never trivial or his judgments super fluous. His volumes are a solid and serious contribution to the literature of a widely interesting subject. Mr. Marston begins by telling us something of his earliest experiences of London theatres 111 the palmy days of Sadler's Wells. Apropos of a Mr. Archer then plaving there, he tells this stoiy: On one of the performances'of Virginius, Archer had to sustain the part of the wicked Appius Claudius, to Macready's Virginius. In the last act, where Virginias exclaiming And have I not a weapon to reunite thee ? Ah, liere are ten ! springs upon Appius and chokes him. Mac ready was so carried away by hie own inteusitv, that his tight and prolonged grasp of A.rclier's throat had well- nigh converted the fictitious catastrophe into a real one. ... "When Virginius was next performed, Macready, on entering the green room in the interval between the fourth and fifth act?, discovered that the throat of Archer was encased in a dark velvet collar, which, with its shining points, was a stratise innovation on the costume of a Roman Decemvir. The Virginius of the night contemplated Appius awhile in gloomy silence, and then slowly approached him. The shining points just mentioned were now seen to be small steel anikes, which protruded from the collar, and would in fallibly give a rude reception to any hands that might grasp the neck it encased. As it was set down to Macready's part that he would nerform this very operation it is not surprising that he viewed the new feature of Mr. Archer's attire with derided disapproval. Breaking at length the absorbed silence which he usually maintained during his rare and brief visits to the green room, he addressed the object of his suspicion. Macready: "Are you-are you-aware, Mr.-Mr. Archer, that, that-that peculiar ornairent round your neck i<-is quite in appropriate to your character ?" Archer: " I admit it, sir; but the last time I bad the honor of appearing with you in this rather unsympathetic part you seized and held me with such violence that I hardly expected to act it again! Acting, after all, in my humble opinion, is but feigning. I am not a gladiator or a wrestler, sir, and I set some value upon my windpipe." Macready, said my informant, for a moment put on an expression of lofty indignation, but, whether from policy or a sense of humor (in which he was by no means deficient), he auickl.v exchanged it for a look of amusement, and laying his hand familiarly on his brother actor's shoulder-a rare condescension indeed -erclaimed " Archer, if mv feelings carried me away the other night., T apologise. I give you my honor I will deal gently with you in future, «n» that you will have no nf ol of-of that singular appendage by-by way of armor." So the obnoxious collar was removed before a summons came from the call boy. There i*, of course, a good deal more about Mic-<v :Vy, who. so Mr. Marston thinks, found his binl Shakespearian character in King Lear. Of Charles Kemble some good stories are to Id, one of the best turning upon his deafness. In the matter of eating and drink ing hi* seems to have hud a very discriminating taste :-I once caused him severe mortification by eating a morsel of preserved ginger at the he?inning of dessert. *' I told you, " he said in a grieved and reproachful tone, " that I wa8 about to give you one of the finest clarets, jn my opinion, ever teBtad, and now you have utterly disqualified yourself for appreciating it." As m pendant Co this. the story of Mt Kemble'a {Mrtiou)«r bottle of rery fine port which turned out to lie cherry brandy would look effective. In the Ees&a; Mr. Mareton, of course, finds soother inexhaust ible storehouse. Charles Kean told his friend, " If it had not been for my father's name, I should have made my way with the public twice as easily." From this, however, Mr. Maraton dissents. One an ecdote of Charles Sean, although creditable, no doubt, to his zeal for his wife, laid him open to a very effective retort j-A certain dramatic critic, who had often written warmly of both Mr. and Mrs. Charles Kean, in one particular charaoler so far disapproved of the lady that he spoke of her acting as "vulgar." Vulgarity was certainly not a lault with which Mrs. Kean could fairly be taxed in general, and the imputation of it to her, perhaps not unnaturally, called forth her husband's indignation. Calling on him one morning, be related to me the offence, and the somewhat droll retaliation to which ho had resorted. " I wrote to the critic of the -lie said " and requested the favor of an early interview. lie oauie the morning after I wrote. I asked him if he had written the notice in question, which he at once ad mitted, I then charged him with having; in sulted Mrs. Kean by calling her vulgar. After a little demur he said he had a, per fect right lo call her acting vulgar if he thought it so. * No, 110!' I cried"-hero Kean turned to me with the vehement desire that he sometimes showed to have his opinion endorsed-" no man has a right to call my wife vulgar, either on or off the stage." After a moment ho asked my judgment on the matter. To his obvious an noyance, my answer was, that though I by no means agreed with the writer of the notice, yet I thought if lis honestly, however mis takenly, believed that an actress was vulgar, ho had a right to say so. He had a right to say that a poet or painter was vulgar ; why not say so of an actress ? " It was false, and it waB intended for an insult!" cried Kean ; so I simply said to our critic, 4< I shall give you a lesson against insulting my wife in future." I got up, left the room, locked the door from the outside, apprised the servants, directed them not to go near the apartment. After some hours I returned, and gave orders for the prisoner's release." I could not resist a laugh in saying that his conduct had been quite illegal, and that he had make himself liable to an aotion for assault and detention. ",Oh, it was capital fun " said Keen, giving way to more impulsive laughter than be often indulged in. " Depend upon it, the position was too absurd for him to make it public." The critic in his turn told me the story of his *' durance." " Oh jes, I took it quietly," he said, with a philosophic smile. " One does not provoke a madman, but amuses one's self with bis antics." There is an interesting notice of Miss Charlotte Cusbtnan and one no less interest ing of Miss Neilson. Mr. Solhern, too, sup plies excellent material, and Mr. Maraton recalls the following practical joke played on an unfortunate undertaker, of whom he ordered an elaborate funeral:-" Before the preparatians could have cone far, he re appeared, with great solicitude, to ask how they were progressing. Again at a brief interval, he presented himself, with an anxious face, to inquire when he could count upon possession of the body-a question which naturally amazed the undertaker, who was at a loss to discover his meaning: " Of course you provide the body," said Sothern, coming to bis enligbtment. " The body !" stammered the bewildered respondent. " Why, do you not say," exclaimed the aotor, exhibiting a card of the shop, "all things necessary for funerals supplied #* is not a body the very first necessitj ?" -Yorkshire Post. 