THE STORYTELLER. JIM THE FOSSICKER AND MATE. A SKETCH OF "THE SIXTIES." Br KATBINA. No man knows what loneliness is until he has been alone. The great majority of civilised people have never had this expe rience, and, therefore, are puzzled at times by incidents which tell of the extreme eagerness of men left too lonely to fall in and almoBt fall in love with any human being who may cross their path. The shepherd of the old Australian days knew what loneliness meant, the solitary digger also. Weeks passed at timeB during whieh they heard no voice but their own, nor ever saw a human face except their own, reflected in some scrap of looking glass or placid waterpool. "Jim theFossicker" was lonely, and, there fore, when be saw a young fellow making along; the track weary and dejected, bnt with a furtive glance around every corner, and a start at every sound, he did not ask himself "Now, what has he been doing?" but hailed him cheerily, " Hi, matey; where yon bound for? Stay and have a drink of tea." And the drink of tea accepted, he offered a bite of damper and beef, and a share of the bnt, and in the morning said, " What's the me of wearing your shoe leather ont walking about the bush? Stay here with me, and we'll be mates." The stranger stayed, and they be* I came mates, and, even that broad confession -made, the story which follow* oar not be1 cleat to all men, becaaae the sacred bond of '' mateship " is not understood of all. Mate ahip means absolute confidence and halves in all things, with all things forgiven that utajr have been, and talk with " Naked souls together " {or all the future. This, at least, on the part of the Bimple, honest, trusting mate, who may easily be distinguished if the etory be followed through. January hot and dusty. All die dark gam leaves shining, and a man with the shirt on his arm, ana a heavy ewag on his back, trudging along in the heat. He halts for a moment, and pitches down his swag in the poor shade, lifts his tattered cabbage-tree, and wipes the sweat-drops from hiB brow. A good time to see and describe him then. His features were rugged, from long ac quaintance with the hardships of bush life, but he had an interesting pair of large grey eyes, and the expression generally of his face was genial. He was "Jim the Fossicker," as he was called by the few who knew him at the little township from which he was just now returning with bis load of supplies to his hut at Bluecap Range, where he had lived-alone it was supposed-for three years past, spending his days prospecting for gold m the gullies and eking out an existence by trapping and shooting 'possums, from the skins of which he made handsome rugs, which were taken by Mr. Collins, the store keeper at the township, in exchange for I rations, tobacco, and other necessaries. For a very few minutes Jim rested in the grateful shade, and then replacing his hat and thrusting the handkerchief into the breast of his shirt, he shouldered his load, and moved on. " I'll hardly get back by sundown," he said, glancing towards the west,"and the young chap'il be lonesome there by hisselr, poor lad! But how clad he'll be of the cigars an' books an' things !" And the latter thought was evidently of a pleasant nature, for it had the effect of causing the traveller to quicken his step. One-two-three-four-fi ve-six-seven ! Seven miles more; the sun had declined behind the blue ranges, at the foot of which Jim paused before beginningthe ascent, and cautiously looked around. He had lelt the bush road a mile or so back, and struck across the forest; and from his occasional glances it was evident that he did not want to be observed, though the loneliness of the ranges might have saved him anxiety on the point. Satisfied that there was nothing to fear, he slowly mounted a quartz-strewn spur. He had ascended about two hundred yards when the sound of his own name falling on his ear caused him to halt "Jim!" " Yes, matey-all safe," replied Jim and from behind a huge boulder there appeared a young man of not more than twenty-two, slim of figure, and possessing a dark, hand some, though not over prepossessing face. He wore a suit of "store clothes," in striking contrast to Jim's clay-soiled moleskins, and blue shirt, and the whiteness and smooth ness of hia hands would have at once pro claimed the fact that the youth had not been long in the bush. "Why, Jim," he said, "I thought you were never going to come. What the deuce has kept you so long?" " Long, laddie ? Why I couldn't be here no sooner. It's nigh on to thirty mile to the township an' back, an' there's been a power o' strength in the sun to- day. Besides this ere swag aint over light." "Ah! You got all the things, Jim? Cigars-a book or two ?" " Didn't I jest; come, let's get to the hut as soon as may be. I'm pretty nigh beat. How ha' you been agettm* on, Bertram boy? Lonesome like, I'll go bail- missed old Fos sicker, eh ?" " Horribly! I couldn't Btand the loneli ness of the but any longer, so was coming along to meet you." But though the young man thu3 expressed his preference for Jim the Fossicker's so ciety, he did not offer to relieve him of his load as the two beut their steps up the range by a circuitous track. In a short time they had reached the hut-a small slab building, roofed with bark, and almost concealed by bushes and scrub. The door standing wide open, the two men entered, and Jim throw ing bis load down upon a roughly-fashioned sola, covered with an opossum rug, looked round the apartment with a sigh of relief. "Looks homelike," he said; "don'tit, lad? Ah! ye've got the billy boilin', I Bee. Well done! We'll have a rare supper this night!" He had taken off his old nat, and hung it upon a peg in the wall whilst speaking. "See you've got the pannicans and plates ! ready, too "-with a smile of approval at the roughly-laid board. "Now let's get someo' the goods out and start op-e-rations-there's a word I picked up from you, boy." And Jim, taking the Hour-bag by its two bottom corners, emptied the contents on to the couch. His companion, coming from the fire, from which he bad lifted the billy to set it on one aide prior to putting in the customary handful of tea, began turning over the various packages and pressing their sides in order to ascertain what they contained, while Jim looked on with a pleased emile. " Sugar, tea, salt, I suppose," began the younger man. " And what's thiB ? Oh, the books. And. these tins-jam and lish, cigars." "Curran's!" explained Jim, as the youth hesitated over the next parcel. "Currants! Why,Jim,you've been going in big, surely, and this ?" " ilaisings," further explained Jim. " llaiains ! And this bottle-wine, by Jove!" . , . " Wine to drink each other a happy coo year!" said Jim, delightedly. " Well, I'm dashed ! You're a real brick, Jim." . " , " Soda, acid, lollipops-I know you like lollipops," said Jim, sb bis companion handle the next parcels in succession, " and , the big 'un's flcur. an' a nice weight it's bin; and that'B the lot." " And a very good lot it is, too, Jim. Well, let's have a drop of the wine before supper. Your knife's got a corkscrew in ifc I'll draw the cork." " Kisht ye are, matey," said Jim, handing | over the article in question. " It won't be none the worse o' havin' to drink it out o' pannicans, eh ? We've got over what ye call fas-fas " i " Fastidiousness," finished his companion, drawing the cork and pouring out a goodly supply into the two pannicans on the table. " Rather! W«ll, here's a happy new year to you, old fellow," and he tossed the liquor off. " Same to you, an' many a dozen of 'em!" returned Jim heartily. His companion, laughing bitterly, went over towards the fire and seated himself upon a stool that stood near. Perhaps there was something in the taste of the generous wine that impelled hiB thoughts backwards, or Jim's allusion to years of happiness that he, Bertram Davis, felt he could never know which had occa* sioned this outburst. "I don't like to bear re laugh that way, matey," said Jim, getting up and going over to where eat the young man with n soared melancholy look a pun his youthful bus. " Ye laugh at the notion o' happier data, bat what's to hinder? Ye don't think oldJi^M ad deceive ye, lad, when he tells ye he knowi o' heaps o' gold- pare shinin' metal tout on'y waitin' to be dog for." / " You've been a long time digging for it, Jim," said the young fellow with another disagreeable laugh. " Yea, the lead's a good way down, I own.* said Jim, scratching his curly head and look ing into the fire, " but I'll come on it in time, and then we'll leave this place an' you'll take your proper place in the world under an al al-" .« Alias." " Yes, an alias," repeated Jim, laying his hand affectionately on the other's shoulder. " I can never take my place in the world again, Jim; you forget " No I don't forget I know that by mi act o' yours, which you didn't know was anj harm at the time, you've placed yourself in the {tower o' the law, and are likely to be took if you go where anyone'Il recognise you. But we won't be sich blessed ijits as to go in harm's way. No; we'll jest ship off to another country, where no one'll know us, and there start a new life; leastways, yon will I intend Btickin' to Australy myself but you " " Yes, Jim, I'll be glad enough to get out of harm's way when you find the lead," in terrupted Bertram Davis with the ghost of a smile upon his discontented countenance. " When we find the lead-ay, when we find the lead," reiterated from the fossicket. The two men, so unlike in every way, were both peering into the fire now, Jim's hand still resting on Davis's shoulder, and each had dreams of bis own, but while those in dulged in by the yonnger man were all of sell, the elder one who Btood so protecting); near him thought only of puns for the other's future advancement " I didn't save ye from the grip o' the law for naught, Bertram," at length went on Jim gravely. When ye came to this ere hut over two year ago and told me your tale 1 made up my mina-" " You are always alluding to that," burst oat the young man hotly-"how much you've done for me. Almost any one would have done the same under the circum stances." | "Ay! Almost any one had ha'done the I same," repeated Jim mechanically, " an' after all you've done as much for me as I did for you. You've bin company, an* yoa've read me things ont o* books, things that I never knew afore, bein* an nnedicatedfsort of cove, so to speak. Ay, you've been a rare blessin' to a lonely chap like me,_laddie ; and I've never regretted takin' yc inter parnership, that I haven't" And as if fearing he might have unconsciously said something else calculated to offend the selfish ingrate whom he cherished, Jim the Fossicker began making the tea, opening a tin of Ssh and another of jam, ana setting all ready on the rough Blab table, while Bertram Davis glared moodily into the fire. . « ill* Jim's dreams with regard to the lead be came reality. Going home late one evening he had the satisfaction of showing his mate (who was mate only in name, by the way, as he scarcely ever assisted Jim in anything ex cept to boil the billy at night) Beveral nuggets of large size that he bad found in the drift nine ounces in all. " That's over thirty pounds worth, matey, he said. "Fifteen for you an' fifteen for me. Not a bad day's work, eh?" Bertram Davis, who, with a cigar between his lips, had been reading one of the books purchased by Jim at the township, sprang op with sparkling eyes- , " You don't mean it, Jim ! Show me I What, those dirty-looking little lumps worth over thirty pounds? It euipaeees my belief!" ? , " There ain't more n an ounce o quarts or dirt among'em," replied Jim. "They re a moat solid metal, matey, and I prognos- what is it?" " Prognosticate," supplied Davis. " Prognostercate that we'll be rich before a week's over our heads," finished Jim. " Your expectations are always sanguine, Jim," said Davis, smiling as he fingered the nuggets. " But I've come on the lead, lad," explained Jim, " an* it's an out-and-out rich 'on. Now, we must hide this here. Let's see. S pose we die ft hole in yon coraer-r-it'll be safe there." This plan Jim proceeded to carry into operation. Having dug a bole a foot square, he placed a bit of brown paper in the bottom, deposited the nuggets thereon, and spread another sheet over them. Then he heaped the dirt on top and pressed it down. " Well perform that cer-e-mony every night, matey," said Jim, with a satisfied look at the spot, " though there ain't much feat of us being distorted, nobody bavin come near us these three year past Gold s a thing that didn't ouxhter be left lyin' rouud, it s a temptin' article; an* now let's get to supper this ha* pet a edge on my app-e-Ute, and the two men sat down to the roughly laid board. After supper they talked along into the night, and Jim laid down various plans tot i the future should the lead prove as rich as he anticipated it would. " You'll go to Amenky, matey f said Jim, interrogatively. " Yet, I suppose so," said Davis, shortly, " And you ? What is your intention ?" " Oh, I'll settle down on a sheep station, and Bome day maybe I'll run across to see you when you get settled like^ You'll always aenc me word how you're farin' ?" " Oh, yes." But Davis did not second Jim's proposition to " run across" t to see him, unless his silence on the point may have meant that he approved of it 4 I may not be able to get off safely, though, he added. ", , " Never fear," said Jim, confidently. 'Trust in me an' I'll see ye through ! Well, 1 s'pose it's about time we turned in. No mote 'possumin' from this out," and Jim laughed pleasantly; " we can afford to let the critters be now." # On the morrow Davis accompanied Jim to the shaft for the first time, and each succeed ing day for over, a fortnight, during which time they succeeded in getting nearly 240o« of the precious metal together. 1 hen for three days luck went back on them, as Jim said, and they met with no success. On the fourth- . " ., .'I'm afraid tbe lead's given out," said Jim, as he was preparing to go to work. No luck for three days past P raps none to day. Anyhow, you'd better stick to your old billet o' mindin' the hut to-day, laddie. I see the pick's beginnin' to tell on root hands," " Yes; I couldn't be of much use to-day, Jim," said Davis. "I'll stay and watch over our possessions." . . " And if we never gets another speck them there nuggets is well worth watchin' over, lad. There's a tidy bit apiece for us in yon corner, I can tell you," and Jim taking up a small discoloured bar (hat contained his mid day meal, some damper and " salt-junk," went off, with a "Good day, matey," to That day Jim struck a patch in the lead that was destined to make him wealthy beyond his wildest anticipations. At a com 'pftrfttivety curly hour be left the 8u&ltf;&nd; with a light heart clambered up to the hut to tell hie mate of the good fortuue, but on ar riving he found the place empty. Davis had gone, and the gold that had been bo carefully buried in the comer of the hut-that was gonet loo. More in sorrow than m anger Jim sat down in the lonely fireless hut as he grasped the Btate of affairs. " Got tired of poor old Jim, that's ev-i-dent," he said to himself. " Ah, well, I don't wish him no harm, though if I hadn't Btruck this patch to-day, I e'poBe I'd be mad about the gold. But as it is, I hopes as how the young chap'II get off clear. My ! Bat he's lost by not staying a day or two longer," and with thiB reflection Jim began preparing his frugal eupper, scarcely dis turbed by the treachery of his vanished mate. Three weeks later Jim the Fosaicker visited the township. He carried a few small nuggets in his pockets, but his " fortin," as he called it, lay safely 6towed away beneath a rocky clett far uiion the range. "Well, Jim; you've fossicked to some ac count," was the salutation that greeted him as he stepped into the general store of Mr. Collins. , " , ? " Fossicked-to-some account, reiterated Jim, staring in open-mouthed astonishment at the storekeeper. " YeB Your find's all in the papers, and there's a party of Government officials going out your way to-morrow. A rush is antici pated, and " " Who's told em?" ejaculated Jim. "That young swindler you were fool enough to harbour. He was arrested in Port \- yesterday, on an old-standing charge of forgery and embezzlement, just about to make off on one of the steamers for America." " Am-e-riky !" repeated Jim. " Yes; and when searched a lot of gold was found in his possession, so he was forced to give an account of how he came by it, and that's how the cat has been let out of the bag," said Mr. Collins. "Forgery an' embez-- what?" inter rogated Jim, with a puzzled expression. "Embezzlement. Davis will get ten or £fteen years if a da v." " Why, he didn't tell me it was that, said Jim, " although I didn't presB him for par ticklers. I guessed he'd only done some thin' that wasn't worth talkin' about." " Robbed his own father as well as a good many otherB," said Mr. Collins, "and now he's been obliged to confess that he robbed you, too." " Well," said Jim, lifting his cabbage tree and scratching his bead, " 1 wish the boy'd kep' that there to hisselL" " About robbing you ?" "Yes ; but it won't tell agenst him unless I like to pros-pros-" "Prosecute?" "Yes; onless I like to prosecute-will it?" "N-no, 1 don't think bo." "Then I aint agoin' to," said Jim the Fossicker, and he didn't. But a month later a man dressed somewhat gorgeously, with a cable of gold acroBS his vest and a nugget in his scart, and a sort of I-love-all-mankind look in his eye, pulled op a hansom at the gates of a city prison, and ; dismounting rang the bell. The warder ap peared, and was greeted with "Good day, mate." "Good day, eorr," was the reply. "You've cot a young cove in here, sonny, what was mates with me once. Bertram is his name-Bertram Davis-and I want to see him." " You must git an ordher." "Oh, never mind orders, mate ; take this to yereelf," and he insinuated a sovereign into the official band, which was not returned. A little instruction, however, brought about the desired result, and two hours later, in a room just within the prison walls, the stranger stood with his face close to an iron grating. A warder was just within, and behind another grating on the other side stood a pri soner in prison clothes branded and numbered, his moustache shaven off, his hair cropped close. It iB not necfBsary to Bay who they were, but, said the stranger, "Matey, thiB here is bad." "1 did not intend to rob you, Jim," replied the other. ".I was only going " " Don't you tell any more lies, matey ; because that's no good. Moreover, I don't want that gold." " I will repay you someday, Jim, if I live to Eurvive this." " Perhaps you didn't hear the end of it, matey." " I heard nothing Bince my arrest" " Then look here, sonny," and he drew a bank pasB-book from his pocket and held it open against the grating. The prisoner looked and eaw on the credit side the figures £70,000. " All on the day yon left, matey. Struck it then, and was just coming up to tell you when I seed that hole and guesBed you'd Bkedaddled. That was bad, matey, that was." " Matey" looked-how did he look, howdid be feel ? Truly, this was terrible retribution -£70,000 J He eaw it against the grating all that day; and all that night in his dreams,it ap peared in letters of fire on the walls of bis Mil-£70,000, and missed because he couldn't be honest, could't be true, becauBe he lacked the qualifications without which no man can ever be a " mate." 