J' JB S S, BY II. EIDER HAGGARD, CHAPTER XXIII. IN THE DRIFT OP T1IE VAAIJ. The day had been intensely and ovorpoworingly hot, and our travellers sat in the Rlmde of the cart positively gasping During tho afternoon there had been a little breeze, but this had now died away, and the stifling air folfc as thick as though they were breath ing cream. Even the two Boers seemed to feel tho beat, for they wore both outstretched on the grass a few paces to the left, to all appearance fast asleep. As for the horses, they were thoroughly done up — too much so to eat — and hobbled along as well as their knee halters would allow, daintily picking a mouthful here and a mouthful there. The only person who did not seem to mind was tho Zulu Mouti, who sat on an antheap near the horses, in full glare of the setting sun, and comfortably droned out a littie song of his own invention, for Zulus are as good at improvising as the Italians. ' Have another egg, Jess ?' ' It will do you good.' ' ' No, thank you ; the last one stuck in my throat. It is impossible to eat in this heat.' ' You had better. Goodness knows when and where we shall stop again. I can get nothing out of our delightful escort ; either they don't know or they won't say.' ' I can't, John. Thore ia a thunder storm coming up, I can feel it in ray head, and I can never eat before a thunderstorm — and when I am tired,' Bhe added as an after- thought. After that the couversation flagged for a while. ' John,' said Jess at last. ' where do you suppose we are f*oirt:» to camp to night ? If we follow the main road we shall reach Standerton in an hour.' I don't think that they will go near Standert.m,' he said. ' I suppose that we shall cross the Vaal by another drift and have to ' veldt ' it.' Just then the two Boers woke up and began to talk earnestly together, as though they were debating some thing hotly. Slowly the huge red ball of the sun sank towards the horizon, steeping the earth and sky with blood. A^out a hundred yares from where they sat the little bridle-path that branched from the main road crossed the crest of one of the landwaves which rolled away in every direction towards the fair hori ?zon. ' Jolin watched the sun sinking behind it till something called his attention for a minute. When he looked up again there was a figure on horseback, standing quire still on the crest of the ridge, and in the full glow of the now disappearing sun. It was Prank Muller. John recognised him in a moment. His horae was standing sideways, so that even at the distance every line of his features, and even the trigger-guard of his rifle which rested on his knee, showed distinctly against the background of smoky red. Nor was that all. Both he and his horse had the appearance of being on firo. The effect produced was so weird and extraordinary that John called his companions attention to it. She looked and shuddered involuntarily. ' He looks like a devil in hell,' she said ; 'the fire seems to be running all up and down him.' ?Well,' s;ii'J Joh'i,' 'he certainly is a devil, but T am sorry to say tint he has not yet reached his destination. Here he come, like a whirlwind.' In another twenty seconds Muller had reined the great black horao on to his haunchos alongside of them, and was smiling aweetly and taking off his hat. ' You see I have managed to keep my word,' he said. ' I can tell you that I had great difficuity in doing so ; indeed I was nearly obliged to give the thing up at the last moment. However, here I am ' ? Where are we to outspau fco- night?' asked Jess. ' At Standerton .?' ' No,' he said ; ' I am afraid that that is more than I can manage for you, unless you can persuade the English officer there to surrender. 'What I have arranged is, that wg should cross the Vaal at a drift about two houw (twelve miles) from here, and outspan at a farm on the other side. Do not trouble, I assure you you shall both sleep well to- night,' and he smiled a somewhat terrifying smile, as Jess thought. ' But how a-:out this drift, Mr. Muller V said John. 'Is it safe? I should !uvo thought that tho Vaal would havo been in flood- after all the rain that we have had.' ' The drift is perfectly safe Captain \- Niel. I crossed it myself about two 1 hours ago. I know you havo a bad I opinion of me, but 1 suppose you do I not think that I should guide you to \ an unsafe drift?' and with another 1 bow he rode on to speak to the two l| Boers, saying, as he wont, 'Will you \ tell the Kafir to put the horses in V ? With a shrug of the shouldbr3 \ John rose and went off towards Mouti \ to help him to drive up the four greys, \ which wore now standing limply to \gether, biting at the flies, that, before |a storm, sting more sharply than at any other time. The two horses belonging to the escort were some fifty paces to the left. It was as though they appreciated the position of affairs, and declined to mix with the animals of the discredited Englishman. The two Boers rose as Muller came and walked off towards their horses, Muller slowly following them. As they came the horses hobbled away thirty yards or so, and thein lifted up their heads, and, as a consequenco, their forelegs, .to which their heads wore tied, ana stood looking defiantly at their captors, for all the world aa \ ??-'?''?? though they were trying to mako up their minds whether or no to shake hands with them. Frank Muller was alongside the two men now, and they were alongside the horses. ' Listen !' he said sternly. The men looked up. 'Go on loosening tho reins, and listen.' They obeyed, and began to slowly fumble at the knee halters. 'You, understand what our orders are. Repeat them — you !' The man with the tooth, who waR addressed, still handling the reins, began as follows ; ' To take the two prisoners to the Vaal, to force them into the water where there is no drift, at night, so that they drown ; if they do not drown, to shoot them.' 'Those aro the orders,' said the Vilderbeeste, grinning. ' You understand them ?' 'Wo understand, Moinhoer; but, forgive us, tho matter is a big one. You gave the orders — we wish to see the authority.' ' Yah, yah,' said the other, ' show us the authority. These are two harmless people enough. Show us the authority for killing them. People must not be killed so, even if they are English folk without proper authority, especially when one is a pretty girl who would do for a man's wife.' Frank Muller set his teeth. ' Nice fellows you are to have under one !' he said. ' I am your officer ; wiiat other authority do you want? But I thought of this. Seo here !' and ho drew a papor from his pocket. ' Here, you — road it ! Careful now — do not let them see from the waggon.' Tho big flabby faced man took the paper and, still bending down over tho horse's knoe, read aloud : 'The two prisoners and their servant (an Englishman, an English girl, and a Zulu Kafir) to be executed in pur suance of our decree, ua your command ing officer shall order, as enemies to the Republic. For so doing this shall be your warrant.' 'You see the signature,' said Mullur, 'and you do not dispute ic?' 'Yah, we see. it, and we do not dispute it.' ' Good. Give me back the warrant.' Tho man with the tooth was about to do so when his companion inter posed. 'No,' he said, 'the warrant must romain with us. I do not like the job. If it were only the man and the Kafir now — but the girl, the girl ! If we give you back the warrant, what shall we have to show for the deed of blood? The warrant must remain with us.' ' Y'ah, yah, ho ia right,' said tho Unicorn ; 'the warrant must remain with us. Put it in your pocket, Jan.' ' Curse you, give it mo ! ' said Mullor Imtwf.on his teeth. 'No, Frank Muller, no !' answered the Vildsrbeeste, patting his pocket, while the two or three square inches of akin round his nose wrinkled up in a hairy grin that, owing to the cut on his hoad, was oven more curious than usual ; ' if you wish to havo the warrant you shall have it, but then we shall up-saddle and go, and you can do your murdering yourself. There, there ! take your choice ; wo shall bo ready enough to get home, for we do not like the job. If I go out shooting 1 like to shoot buck or Kafirs, not white people.' Frank Muller reflected a moment, and then be laughed a little. ' You aro funny people, you home bred Boera,' he »aid ; ' but perhaps you aro right. After all, what doss it matter who has the warrant, provided tho thing is well done mind ; thoro is no bungling, that is all.' ' Yah, yah,' said tho fat faceod man, 'you can trust us for that. It won't be the first that we have toppled over.' ' Stop that talk and saddle up, the cart is waiting. You fools can never understand the difference between killing when it is necessary to kill and killing for killing sake. These peoplo must die because they have betrayed the land.' ' Yah, yah,' said the Vilderbeeste, ' betrayed the land ; we have heard that before. Thoso who botray the land muBt manure it ; that is a good rule ;' and he laughod and passed ou. Frank Muller watched his retreating form with a smile of peculiar malignity on his face. ' Ah, my frtend,' he said to himself in Dutch, 'you and that warrant will part company before you are many hours older. Why, it would be enough to hang mo, even in this happy landof patriots. Old ? would not forgive ovon mo for taking that littlo liberty with his name. Dear me what a lot of trouble one has to take to be rid of a singlo]enemy 1 Well, it must bo done, and Bessie is worth it; but if it had not been for this war I could never have managed it. Ah ! I did well to give ray voice for war. I am sorry for tho girl Jess, but it must be ; there must be no living witness left. Ah ! we are going to have a storm. So much tho better. Such ?deeds aro best done in a storm.' Muller was right ; tho storm was coming up fast, throwing a veil of inky cloud across the star- spangled' sky. Iii South Africa there is but little twilight, and the darkness follows hacd upon the heels of tho day. No , sooner had the groat angry ball oE the sun' finally disappeared thantho night swept with all her stars across the sky. Aud.now after hercame the great storm, covoring up her ; beauty with his black neas. :'?. The ? air was. atifliugly hot. Above was a starry space, to the oast tho angry Bosom of the storm, in which the lightnings', were already playing with an inoeBsunt flickering movement, and to the west a deop red glow, reflected from the sunkeu aun, yet lingered on tho horizen. On toiled the horses through tho gathering gloom. Fortunately, tho ro:vl waa fairly levol and freo from mud-holes, and Frank Muller rode just ahead to show the way, his strong manly form standing out clear against the departing western glow. Silent was the earth, silent as death. No bird or beast, no blado of grass nr bi'ca'h of air stirred upon its surface. The only sign of life was the continual flickering of thoso awful tonguea of light as they licked the lips of the storm. On for mile after mile, on through the desolation ! They could not be far from the river now, and could catch the distant growling of the thunder, echoing solemnly down it. It waa au awful nisjhr. Great pillars of mud-coloured cloud came creeping across the surface of the veldt towards them, seomingly blown along without a wind. And now, too, a ghastly look ing ringed moon arise and throw an unholy, distorted light upon the black noss that seemed to shudder in bet rays as though with a prescience of the advancing terror. On crept the mud-coloured columns, and on above them, and resting on them, came the muttering storm. The cart was quite close to tho river now, and they could plainly hear it murmur. To their loft was a koppie, coverod with white, slab like stones, on which the sickly moon beams danced. ' Look, John, look !' cried Jess with an hysterical laugh ; it in like a huge graveyard, and the dark shadows between are the ghosts of the buried.' ' Nonsense,' said John stornly ; ' what do you mean by talking such rubbish ?' He felt that slie was a little off her balance, and, what is more, he was get ting rather of£ his own, and therefore -vas naturally the angrier with her, and tho more determined to be perfectly matter-of-fact. Jess made no answer, but sho was frightened, she could not tell why. The whole thing resembled some awful dream, or one of Dore's, pictures come to life. No doubt, also, tho near presence of the storm exercised an effect upon her nerves. Even the wearied horses snorted and shook themselves un easily. They crept over the ridge of a wave of land, and the wheels rolled softly on the grass. ' Why, we are off the road !' shouted John to Muller, who was still guiding them, fifteen or twenty paces ahead. ' All right ! ail right ! it is a short cut to the ford ! ' he called in answer, and his voice rang strange and hollow through the great depths of silence. Below them, a hundred yards away, the light, such as it was, gleamed faintly upon tho wide surface of the rive-\ Another five minutos and they were on the bank, but in tho gathering gloom thev could not make out the opposite shore. ' Turn to the left ! ' shouted Muller ; ' the ford is ;i few yards up. It is too deep here for the horses.' John turned accordingly, and followed Mullcr's horse some three hundred yards up the bank till they came to a spot where tho water ran with an angry music, and there was a great swirl of eddies. ' Here is the place,' said Muller ; ' you must make haste through. The house is just the other side, and it will be butter to get there before the tempest breaks.' ' It's all very well,' said John, ' but I can't sec an inch before me ; I don't know where to drive.' ' Drive straight ahead ; the water is not more than three feet deep, and there are no rocks.' 'I am not going, and that is all about it.' 'You must go, Captain Niel. You cannot stop here, .and if you can we cannot. Look thore, man!' and he pointed to the east, which now pre sented a truly awful and magnificent sight. Down, right to them, its centre bowed out like the belly of a sail by the weight of the wind behind, swept the great storm-cloud, while over its surface thelightning played unceasingly, appear ing and disappearing in needles of fire, and twisting and writhing serpentwise round and about its outer edges. So brilliant was the intermittent light that it appeared to fire the revolving pillars of mud-coloured cloud beneath, and gave ghastly peeps of river and bank and plain, miles upon miles away. But perhaps the most awful thing of all was tho preternatural silence. The distant muttering of thunder that they had heard died away, and now the great storm swept on in silent majesty, like tho passage of a ghostly host, from which there arose no sound of foot or of rolling wheels. Only before it sped tho swift angels of tho wind, and behind it swung tho curtain of tho rain. Even as Mullor spoke a gust of icy air caught the cart and tilted it, and the lightning needles began to ply more dreadfully than ever. The storm was breaking upon them. ' Come, get on, got on !' ho shouted, you will be killed here ; the lightning always strikes along the water;' and as ho said it he struck ono of tho wheelers sharply with his whip. ' Climb over tho back of tho seat, Mouti, and stand by to help mo with the reins !' sang out John to the Zulu, who obeyed, getting botween him and Jess. ' Now, Joss, hang on and say your prayers, for it strikos mo wo shall have need of thorn. So, horsos, so !' The horsos backod and plunged, but Muller on the one side and the smooth faced Boor on the other lashed them without mercy, and at last in they went into the river with a rush. The gust had passed now, and for a moment or two thoi'o was renewed silonce, except for the whirl of tho water and the snajto liko hiss of tho coming rain. ._ For a few yards, ten . or. fifteon p3r-n haps, all went well, and. then Job suddenly disco vorod that they wore getting into deop wator ; tho two leaders worb evidently almost off tuoir logs, and could scarcely stand against the current of the flooded river. ' Damn you ! ; he shouted back, ' there is no drift here.' ' Go on, go on, it is all right ! ' 'came Muller's voice in answer. John said no more, but, putting out all his strength, tried to get tho horses round, Jess turned herself on the seat to look, and just then came a blaze of lightning which revealed Muller and his two companions standing dismounted on tho bank, the muzzles of their rifles pointing straight at tho cart. ' Oh God ! ' she screamed, they are going to shoot us.' Even as the- words passed her lips tongues of flame flared out from the rifles' mouths, and the Zulu Mouti, sitting by her side, pitched heavily for ward into the bottom of the cart, while one of the wheulers reared straight up into the air with a shriek of agony, and camo down with ii splash into the river. And then followed a scene tho horror of which baffles my poov pen. Over head the storm burst in fury, and flash after flash of fork, or rather chain lightning, fell into the river. Tho thunder, too, began to crack like the trump of doom ; tho win:l rushed down tearing the surface of the water into foam, and, catching under the tent of the cait, lifted it off the wheels so that it began to float. Then the two leaders made mad with fear by the fury, of tho storm .and the dying struggles of the off-wheeler, plunged and tore at the traces till they actually rent themselves loose and vanished between the darkness overhead and the boiling water beneath. Away floated the cart, now touching tho bottom and now riding on the water like a boat, oscillating this way and that, and slowly turning round and round. With it floated the dead horse, dragging down the other wheelm beneath the water. It was awful to sec his struggles in the glare of tho light ning, but at last lie sank and choked. And meanwhile, sounding sharp and clear across the din and hubbub of the storm, came tho cracking of the three rifles whenever the flashes showed the whereabouts of the cart to tho mur derous on the bank. Mouti was lying still in the bottom on the bod-plank of the cart, a bullet between his broad shoulders and another in his skull ; but John felt that his life was yet whole in him, though something had hissed past his face and stung it. Instinctively he reached across the cart and drew Joss on to his knee, and cowered over her, thinking dimly that perhaps his body would protect her from tho bullets. Hip ! Rip ! through tho wood and canvas ; pintc i pnur- 1 inrougn me air ; but some merciful power protected them, an 1 though ono cut John's coat and two passed through the skirt of Jess's dress, not a bullet struck them. And very soon tho shooting began to grow wild, and then that dense veil of rain camo down and wrapped them so close that even tho lightning could not show their whereabouts to tho assassins on the bank. ' Stop shooting,' said Frank Mullor ; the cart has sunk and there is an end of them. No human being can have lived through that fire and tho Vaal in flood.' The two Boers ceased firing, and the Unicorn shook bis head softly and re marked to his companion that the damned 'English people in the water could not be much wetter than tl lej- ware on the bank. It was a curious thing to say at such a moment, but probably the spirit that animated the remark was not so much callousness as as that which animated Cromwell, who flipped the ink in his neighbour's f'ice when ho signed tho death-warrant of his king. The Vilderbeesto made no reply. His conscience waa oppressed; ho had a touch of imagination. He thought of tho soft fingers that had bound up bin head that morning ; the handkur chief— her handkerchief ! — was still around it. Now thoso fingers would be gripping at tho slippery stones of the Vaal in their death-struggle, or probably they were already limp in death, with little bits of gravel sticking beneath the nails. It was a painful thought, but he consoled himself by thinking of the warrant, and also by tho reflection that whoever had shot tho people he had not, for he had been careful to fire wide oE the cart every time. Muller was also thinking of the warrant which he had forged. Ho must get it back somehow, even if — ' I et us take shelter under the bank there. There is a flat place, about fifty yards up, where the bank lies over. This rain is drowning us. We can't up. saddle till it clears. I must have a nip of brandy too. Almighty ! I can seo that girl's face now ! the lightning shone on it just as I shot. Well she will be in hoaven now, . poor thing, if English pooplo ever '0 to heaven.' It was the 'Unicorn who spoke, and the V.Uderboeste made no reply, but advanced with him to whore the horaea stood. They took tho pationt brutes that were waiting for their masters, their heads woll down and the water streaming from them, and led them along with them. Frank Muller stood by his own horse thinking, and watched them vanish into the gloom. How was he to get that warrant back without dyeing his hauds oven redder than they were 1 As he thought ananswer came. For at that moment, accompanied by a fearful thunderclap, thore shot from the storm overhead, which had now nearly passed away, ono of thoso awful flashes that somotimes end an African tempest. It lit up tne whole sceno round aa light as day, and right in the white heart of it Muller saw his companions ia crime and their horses as the great king saw the men in the furnace. They were' about forty paces from him on the crest of tho bank, He saw them one moment erect j tho next — men and horsos falling this way and that prone to tho earth. And then it was all dark. Ho staggered with tho shock, and when it had passed ruahod to the spot, calling the men by name ; but no answer came except tho echo of his voice. Ho was there now, and the moonlight began to struggle faintly through the rain. Its pale beams lit upon two outstretched forms — one lying on its bick, its distorted features gazing up to heaven, the other ou its face. By them, the legs of the nearest sticking straight into the air, lay the two horses. They had all gone to their account. The lightning had killed them, as it kills many a man in Africa. Frank Muller looked; and thon, forgetting about tho warrant and everything else in the horror of what ho took to be a visible judgment, rushed to his horse and galloped wildly away, pursued by all the terrors of he'll. (To ho Continued.) 