A Hardy Norseman. By EDNA LYALL, AustaI ofa "DaowvaOn " IWe Twa, "In tha Golden Days.' "KnigCh-Errant,' &s;' CHAPTER XV.-continued. They walked home in silence, Miss Charlotte grieving over the hopeless failure of the meeting to achieve what the desired. She had not yet learnt that different natures need different kinds of food, and that to expect Frithiof to swallow the teaching which exactly suited certain minds was about as sen sible as to feed a baby with Thorley's Food for Cattle. However, there never yet was an honest attempt to do good which really failed, though the vast majority fail apparently. It was impos sible that the revivalists' teaching could ever be accepted by the Norseman; but their ardent devotion, their practical, aggressive lives, impressed him not a little, and threw a somewhat disagreeable light over his own selfishness. Partly owing to this, partly from physical causes, he felt bitterly out of heart with himself for the next few weeks. In truth, he was thoroughly out of health, and he had not the only power which can hold irrita bility in check-the strong restraint of love. Except a genuine liking for the Bonifaces, he had nothing to take him out of himself, and he was quite ready to return with interest the dislike which the other men in the shop felt for him, first on account of his foreign birth, but chiefly because of his proud manner and hasty temper. Sometimes he felt thai he could bear the life no longer; and at times, out of his very wretchedness, there sprang up in him a vague pity for those wtso were in his own position. As he tood there behind the counter he would say to himself, "There are thousands and thousands in this city alone who have day after day to endure this horrible monotony, to serve the customers who are rude, and the customers who are civil, the hurried ones who are all im patience, the tiresome ones who dawdle the bores, who give you as much trouble as they can, often for nothing. One day follows another eternally in the same dul round. I am a hundred times better of than most- there are no' hurried meal here, no fines, no unfairness-and ye what drudgery it is !" And as he glanced out at the sunny street and heard the sound of horses hoofs in the road, a wild longing used t seize him for the freedom and variety a his life in Norway, and the old fierce re bellion against his fate woke once mor in his heart, and made him ready to fli into a rage on the smallest provocation. One day he was sent for to Mr. Boni face's private room; he was quite wel aware that his manner, even to Roy him self, whom he liked, had been disagree able in the extreme, and the though crossed his mind that he was going tc receive notice to leave. Mr. Boniface was sitting at his writing able, the sunlight fell on his quiet, refined face, lit up his white hair and trim beard and made his kindly grey eyes brighte than ever. "I wanted a few words witl you, Falck, he said. " Sit down. I seems to me that you have not beer looking well lately, and I thought per haps you had better take your holiday a once instead of the third week in August I have spoken to Darnell, and he woule be willing to give you his turn and take the later time. What do you think ?" "You are very good, sir," said Frithiof " but I shall do very well with the Augus holiday, and, as a matter of fact, it wil only mean that I shall do more trans lating." "Would you not do well to go home Come, think of it, I would give you three weeks if you want to go to Bergen." Frithiof felt a choking sensation in his throat, because it was of the old life thai he had been dreaming all the mornint with a restless, miserable craving. "Thank you," he said, with an effort "but I cannot go back to Norway." "Now, tell me candidly, Falck, is ii the question of expense that hinders you?" said Mr. Boniface. "Because ii it is merely that, I would gladly lend you the money. You must remember thai you have had a great deal to bear lately and I think you ought to give yourself a good rest" "Thank you," replied Frithiof, "but it is not exactly the expense. I have money enough in hand to pay for my passage, but I have made up my mind not to go back till I can clear off the last of the debts of -of our firm,"he concluded, with a slight quiver in his voice. "It is a noble resolution," said Mr. Boniface, "and I would not for a moment discourage you. Still you must remember that it is a great undertaking, and that without good health you can never hope for success. I don't think you get enough exercise. Now why don't you join our cricket club?" "I don't play," said Frithiof. "In Nor way we are not great at those games, or indeed at any kind of exercise for the mere sake of exercise. That is an idea that one only finds among Englishmen." "Possibly; but living in our climate you would do well to follow our habits. Come, let me persuade you to join the club. You look to me as if you needed greater variety." " I will think about it for next year; but, just now I have work for Herr Sivertsen on hand which I can't put aside," said Frithiof. " Well, then things must go on as they are for the present," said Mr. Boniface; '" but at least you can bring your trans lating down to Rowan Tree House, and spend your holiday with us." "You are very kind," said Frithiof, the boyish expression returning to his face just for a minute. "I shall be only too delighted." And timhe interview seemed somehow to have done him good, for during the next few days he was less irritable, and found his work in consequence less irksome. CHAPTER XVI. BUT the change for the better did not last long, for Frithiof was without the motive which "makes drudgery divine." And there was no denying that the work he had to do was really drudgery. It has been the fashion of late years to dwell much on the misery of the slums, and most of us are quite ready to be stirred into active sympathy with the abjectly poor the hungry or the destitute. It is to be feared, however, that very few of us have much consideration for the less romantic, less sensational lives of the middle-class, the thousands who toil for us day after day behind the counter or at the desk. And yet are their lives one whit less worthy of sympathy? Are they not educated to a point which makes them infinitely more sensitive? Hood hasgiven us a magnificent poem on the sorrows of a shirtmaker; but who will take the trouble to find poetry in the sorrows and wearinesses of shop-assist ants? It has bcdn said that the very atmosphere of trade kills romance, that no poet or novelist would dare to take up such a theme; and yet everywhere the human heart is the same, and shop-life does not interfere with the loves and hatreds, the joys and sorrows which make up the life of every human being, and out of which are woven all the romances which were ever written. No one would dispute the saying that labour is worship, yet nevertheless we know well enough that while some work of itself ennobles the worker, there is other work which has to be ennobled by the way in which it is done. An artist and a coal heaver both toil for the general good, but most people will admit that the coalheaver is heavily handicapped. If in the actual work of shop-assistants there is a prosaic monotony, then it is all the more probable that they need our warmest sympathy, our most thoughtful considerateness since they themselves are no machines, but men and women with exactly the same hopes and desires as the rest of us. It is because we consider them of a different order that we tolerate the long hours, that we allow women to stand all day long to serve us, though it has been proved that terrible diseases are the consequence. It is because we do not in our hearts believe that they are of the same flesh and blood, that we think with a sort of contempt of the very people who are brought most directly into contact with us, and whose hard-working lives often put ours to shame. About the middle of July the Bonifaces went down to Devonshire for their usual summer holiday, and Frithiof found that, as Roy had predicted, Mr. Horner made himself most disagreeable, and never lost a chance of interfering. It must be owned that there are few things so trying as fussiness, particularly in a man, of whom such weakness seems unworthy. And Mr. Homer was the most fussy mortal on earth. It seemed as if he called forth all that was bad in Frithiof, and Frithiof also called out everything that was bad in him. The breach between the two was made much wider by a most trivial incident. A miserable looking dog unluckily made its way into the shop one morning and disturbed Mr. Horner in his sanctum. "What is the meaning of this ?" he exclaimed, bearing down upon Frithiof. "Can you not keep stray curs off the premises ? Just now too, with hydro phobia raging!" And he drove and kicked the dog to the door. Now there is one thing which no Norseman can tolerate for a moment, and that is any sort of cruelty to animals. Frithiof, in his fury, did not measure his words, or speak as the employed to the employer, and from that time Mr. Horner's hatred of him increased tenfold. To add to all this wretchedness an al most tropical heat set in; London was like a huge over-heated oven; every day Frithiof found the routine of business less bearable, every day he was less able to fight against his love for Blanche, and he rapidly sank into the state which hard-headed people flatter themselves is a mere foolish fancy,-that most real and trying form of illness which goes by the name depression. Again and again he wrestled with the temptation that had assailed him long ago in Hyde Park, and each sight of James Homer, each in civility from those he had to serve, made the struggle harder. He was sitting at his desk one morn ing adding up a column which had been twice interrupted, and which had three times come to a different result, when once again the swing door was pushed open and a shadow falling across his account book warned him that the cus tomer had come to the song-counter. Annoyed and impatient he put down his pen and went forward, forcing up the sort of cold politeness which he assumed now, and which differed strangely from the bright genial courtesy that had once been part of his nature. The customer was evidently an Italian. He was young and strikingly handsome; when he glanced at you, you felt that he had looked you through and through, yet that his look was not critical but kindly, it penetrated yet at the same time warmed. Beside him was a bright- eyed boy who looked up curiously at the Norseman, as though wondering how on such a sunny day any one could wear such a clouded face. Now Frithof was quite in the humour to dislike any one, more especially a man who was young, handsome, well-dressed, and prosperous-looking; but some subtle influence crept over him the instant he heard the Italian's voice, his hard eyes softened a little, and without being able to explain it he felt a strong desire to help this man in finding the song which he had come to inquire about, knowing only the words and the air, not the name of the composer. Frithiof, who would ordinarily have been inclined to grumble at the trouble which the search involved, now threw himself into it heart and soul, and was as pleased as his customer when after some little time he chanced to find the song. "A thousand thanks," said the Italian warmly. " I am delighted to get hold of this, it is for a friend who has long wanted to hear it again, but who was only able to write down the first part of the air." And he compared with the printed song the little bit of manuscript which he had shown to Frithiof. "Now was it only a happy fluke that made you think of Knight's name?" " I know another of his songs, and thought this bore a sort of likeness to it," said Frithiof, pleased with his success. "'You know much more of English music than I do most likely," said the Italian, "yet surely you, too, are a for. eigner." "Yes," replied Frithiof, "I am Nor wegian. I have only been here for nine months, but to try and learn a little about the music is the only interesting part of this work.:' The stranger's sympathetic insight showed him much of the weariness and discontent, and "Heimweh" which lay beneath these words. "lAh, yes," he said, "I suppose both work and country seem flat and dull after your life among the fjords and mountains. I know well enough the depression of one's first year in a new climate. But courage! the worst will pass. I have grown to love this Eng land which once I detested." "It is the airlessness of London which lepresses one'," said poor Frithiof, rolling ip the song. "Yes, it is certainly very oppressive o-day," said the Italian. "I am sorry to ave given you so much trouble in hunt .ng up this song for me. We may as ,ell take it with us, Gigi, as we are going tome." ? And then with a pleasant farewell the mtranger bowed and went out of the shop, eaving behind hm a memory which did nore to prevent the blue-devils from aining the mastery of FrithioPs minid ban anything else c'uld possibly have lone. When he left, however, at his isual dinner-hour he was witho". th| lightest indilnatidn to eat, ... with a craving for some relief from the monot ony of the glaring streets he walked up to Regent's Park, hoping that there perhaps he might find the fresh air for which he was longing. He thought much of his unknown customer, half laughing to himself now and then to think that such a chance encounter should have made upon him so deep an impression, should have wakened within him desires such as he had never before felt for a life which should be higher, nobler, more manly than his past. "Come along, will you !" shouted a rough voice behind him. He glanced round and saw an evil-looking tramp who was speaking to a most forlorn little boy at his heels. The child seemed ready to drop, but with a look of misery and fear and effort, most painful to see in such a young face, it hurried on, keeping up a wretched little sort of trot at the heels of its father, who tramped on doggedly. Frithiof was not in the habit of troubling himself much about those he came across in life, his heart had been too much embittered by Blanche's treatment; he had got into the way now of looking on coldly and say ing with a shrug of the shoulders that it was the way of the world. But to-day the magical influence of a noble life was stirring within him; a man utterly un known to him had spoken to him a few kindly words, had treated him with rare considerateness, had somehow raised him into a purer atmosphere. And so it hap pened that he, too, began to feel some thing of the same divine sympathy, and to forget his own wretchedness in the suffering of the little child. Presently the tramp paused outside a public-house. "Wait for me there in the park," he said to the child, giving it a push in the direction. And the little fellow went on obediently, until, just at the gate, he caught sight of a costermonger's barrow on which cool green leaves and ripe red strrwberries were temptingly displayed. Frithiof lin gered a minute to see what would happen, but nothing happened at all, the child just stood there patiently. There was no expectation on his tired little face, nothing but intense appreciation of a luxury which must for ever be beyond his hopes of en joyment. "Have you ever tasted them?" said Frithiof, drawing nearer. The boy shook his head shyly. " Would you like to?" Still he did not speak, but a look of rapture dawned in the wistful child eyes, and he gave a little spring in the air which was more eloquent than words. "Sixpennyworth," said Frithiof to the editor of the paper, tried to assure him self that whatever Blanche might have been before marriage, that after it she must necessarily become all that was womanly and pure. But deep down in his heart there lurked a fearful conviction that in the main this story was true. Feeling sick and giddy, he made his way along Oxford Street, noticing nothing, walking like a man in a dream. Just in front of Buzzard's a victoria was waiting, and a remarkably good-looking man stood on the pavement talking to its occupant. Frithiof would have passed by without observing them had not a familiar voice startled him into keen con sciousness. He looked up hastily and saw Lady Romiaux-not the Blanche who had won his heart in Norway, for the lips that had once been pressed to his wore a hard look of defiance, and the eyes that had ensnared him had now an expression that confirmed only too well the story he had just read. He heard her give a little artificial laugh in which there was not even the ghost of merri ment, and after that it seemed as if a great cloud had descended on him. He moved on mechanically, but it was chiefly by a sort of instinct that he found his way back to the shop. "Good heavens, Mr. Falck! how ill you are looking!" exclaimed the head man as he glanced at him. " It's a good thing Mr. Robert will be back again soon. If i'm not very much mistaken, he'll put you into the doctor's hands." "Oh, it is chiefly this hot weather," said Frithiof, and as if anxious to put an end to the conversation, he turned away to his desk and began to write, though each word cost him a painful effort, and seemed to be dragged out of him by sheer force. At tea-time he wandered out in the street, scarcely knowing what he was doing, and haunted always by Blanche's sadly altered face. When he returned he found that the boy who dusted the shop had spilt some ink over his order book, whereupon he flew into one of those violent passions to which of late he had been liable, so entirely losing his self-control that those about him began to look alarmed. This recalled him to himself, and much disgusted at having made such a scene, he sank into a state of black depression. He could not understand himself; could not make out what was wrong; could not conceive how such a trifle could have stirred him into such senseless rage. He sat, pen in hand, too sick and miserable to work, and with a wild confusion of thoughts rushing through his brain. He was driving along the Strangaden with Blanche, and talking gaily of the intense he shoplvas never left without one of he partners, poor Roy, anathematizing he whole race of the Homers, had to :ome back and endure as best he might t London August and an empty house. Like many other business men he elieved the monotony of his daily work >y always keeping two or three hobbies n hand. The mania for collecting had always been encouraged at Rowan Tree Siouse, and just now botany was his teenest delight. It was even, perhaps, absorbing too much of his time, and :ecil used laughingly to tell him that he oved it more than all the men and women in the world put together. He vas contentedly mounting specimens on he night of his return, when James lorner looked in, the prospective legacy naking him more than ever fussy and )ompous. "Ah, so you have come back; that's il1 right !" he exclaimed. " I had hoped you would have comeround to us. How tver, no matter, I don't know that there s anything special to say, and of course :his sad news has upset my wife very much." "Ah," said Roy, somewhat sceptical in his heart of hearts about the depth of her grief. "We were sorry to hear about it." "We go down the first thing to morrow," said James Horner, "and shall, of course, stay on. They say there is no hope of recovery." "What do you think of that?" said Roy, pointing to a very minute flower which he had just mounted. "It is the first time it has ever been found in England." " H'm, is it really l" said James Horner, regarding it with that would-be interested air, that bored perplexity, which Roy took a wicked delight in calling forth. "Well, you know, I don't understand," he added, "how a practical man like you can take an interest in such trumpery bits of things. What are your flowers worth when you've done them ? Now if you took to collecting autographs there'd be some sense in that, for I understand that a fine collection of auto graphs fetches a good round sum in the market." "That would only involve more desk work," said Roy, laughing. " Writing to ask for them would bore me as much as writing in reply would bore the poor celebrities." "By the bye," said Mir. Horner, "I have just remembered to tell you that provoking fellow Falck never turned up to-day. He never even had the grace to send word that he wasn't coming." " Of course he must be ill," said Roy, "DO YOU THINK SERIOUSLV P0i fM i' SAID ROY. costermonger; then signing to the child to follow, he led the way into the park, sat down on the nearest seat, put the basket of strawberries down beside him, and glanced at his little companion. "There, now sit down by me and en joy them," he said. And the child needed no second bid. ding, but began to eat with an eager de light which was pleasant to see. After a while he paused, however, and shyly pushed the basket a little nearer to his benefactor. Frithiof, absorbed in his own thoughts, did not notice it; but presently became conscious of a small brown hand on his sleeve, and looked round. " Eat too," said the child, pointing to the basket. And Frithiof, to please him, smiled and took two or three strawberries. "There, the rest are for you," he said. "Do you like them?" "Yes," said the child emphatically; "and I like you." " Why do you like me?" " I was tired, and you was kind to me, and these is real jammy ! " But after this fervent little speech, he said no more. He did not, as a Norwve gian child would have done, shake hands as a sign of gratitude, or say in the pretty Norse way, "Tak for maden" (thanks for the meal); there had never been any one to teach him the expression of the cour tesies of life, and with him they were not innate. He merely looked at his friend with shining eyes like some animal that feels but cannot speak its gratitude. Then before long the father reappeared, and the little fellow with one shy nod of the head ran off, looking back wistfully every now and then at the stranger who would be remembered by him to the very end of his life. The next day something happened which added the last drops to Frithiof's cup of misery, and made it overflow. The troubles of the past year, and the loneliness and poverty which he had borne, had gradually broken down his health, and there came to him now a revelation which proved the final blow. He was dining at his usual restaurant. Too tired to eat much, he had taken up a bit of one of the society papers which someone had left there, and his eye fell on one of those detestable paragraphs which pander to the very lowest tastes of he public. No actual name was given, ut every one knowing anything about her could not fail to see that Blanche Romiaux was the woman referred to. The most revolting insinuations, the most contemptible gossip, ended with the words, "An interesting divorce case may soon be exp'ecte'd?' Frithiof grew deathly white. He tried to believe that, it was all a lie, tried to work himself up into a rage against the . ... ', ?! : 't ',1 enjoymen" t of mere existence; he was rowing her on the fjord, and telling her the Frithiof Saga; he was saving her bdt the mountain, and listening to her words of love ; he was dlown in the sheltered nook below the flagstaff at Balholm, and she was clinging to him in the fared\ell which had indeed been for ever. "I can bear it no longer," he said to himself. "I have tri~d to bear this life, but it's no tise-ho use." Yet aftbt a while there rose within him a thought which checked the haunting visions of failure and the longing for death. He remembered the face which had so greatly struck him the day before, and again those kindly words rang in his ear, "Courage I the worst will pass." Who was this man ? What gave hint his extraordinary influence? How had he gained his insight, ahd Synfpathy, thd fearless brightness? If bna man had at tained to all thiS, Why not any man? ,Might riot life still hold for him some thing that was worth having? There floated back to him the remembrance of the last pleasurable moment he had known-it was the sight of the child's enjoyment of the strawberries. At length closing-time came. He dragged himself back to Vauxhall, shut himself into his dreary little room, pulled the table towards the open window, and began to work at Herr Sivertsen's trans lating. Night after night he had gone on, with the dogged courage of his old Viking ancestors, upheld by the same fierce, fighting nature which had made them the terror of the North. But at last he was at the very end of his strength. A violent shivering fit seized him. Work was no longer possible; he could only stagger to the bed, with that terrible consciousness of being utterly and hope lessly beaten, which to a man is so hard to bear. Oppressed by a frightful sense of loneliness, dazed by physical pain, and tortured by the thought of Blanche's dis grace, there was yet one thing which gave him moments of relief- like a child he strained his eyes to see the picture of Bergen which hung by the bedside. Later on, when the summer twilight deepened into night, and he could no longer make out the harbour, and the shipping, and the familiar mountains, he buried his face in the pillow and sobbed aloud, in a forlorn misery which, even in Paradise, must have wrung his mother's heart. Roy Boniface came back from Devon shire the following day, his holiday being shortened by a week on account of the illness of Mrs. Horner's uncle. As there was every reason to expect a legacy from this aged relative, Mr. Horier insis ted oft going down it once to see whether they could be of atiy use; and since Als looking disturbed. " He is the last fellow to stay away if he could possibly keep up. ?Ve all thought him looking ill before we left. "I don't knibot?? d . abddt ,ilhdss;" said JAnies Hornhr, plititig dlh hi . hat "but hd tertaildly has the worst temper I've ever come across. It .was extremely awkward without him to-day, for already we are short of hands." "There can hardly be much doing," said Roy. " London looks like a desert. However, of course I'll look up Falck. I daresay he'll be all right again by to morrow." But he hadscarcelysettlcdhimself down comfortably to his work after James Hor& ner's welcome depafture Wheri the thought of Frithiof t .rid tO touble hinr. Aftet alls -i~as it likely that a mere trifle would hinder a man of the Norwegian's nature from going to business? Was it not much more probable that he was too ill even to write an excuse ? And if so, how helpless and desolate he would be ! Like most people, Roy was selfish. Had he lived alone he would have be come more selfish every day; but it was impossible to live ili the atmosphere of Rowan Tree House without, at any rate, trying to consider other people. With an effort he tore himself away from his beloved specimens, and set off briskly for Vauxhall, where, after' Ibme difficulty, he found the little side street in which, among dozens of others precisely like it, was the Ihouse of the three Misses Tur nour. A little withered-up lady opened the door to him, and replied nervously to his question, "Mr. Falck is ill," she said. "He seems very feverish ; but he was like it once before, when he first came to Eng land, and it passed off in a day or two." " Can I see him ? " said Roy. "Well, he doesn't like being disturbed at all," said Miss Charlotte. "He'll hardly let me inside the room. But if you would just see him, I should really be glad. You will judge better if he should see the doctor or not." "Thank you, 1'1 go up then. Don't let me trouble you." "It is noise he seems to mind so much," said Miss Charlotte. "So if you will find your way up alone, perhaps it would be best. It is the first door you come to at the top of the last flight of stairs." Roy went up quietly, opened the door as noiselessly as he could, and went in. The window faced the sunset, so that the room was still fairly light, and the utter discomfort of everything was fully apparent. "I wish you wouldn't come in again," said an irritable voice from the bed. : The lightest footstep is torture." f' I just loodkd in to gak how you were' said Roy, much shocked to see how ill his friend seemed. "Oh, it's you !" said Frithiof, turning his flushed face in the direction of the speaker. " Thank God you've come! That woman will be the death of me. She does nothing but ask questions." "I've only just got back from Devon shire, but they said you hadn't turned up to-day, and I thought I would come and see after you." Frithiof dragged himself up and drank feverishly from the ewer which stood on a chair beside him. " I tried to come this morning," he said, "but I was too giddy to stand, and had to give it up. My head's gone wrong somehow." " Poor fellow ! you should have given up before," said Roy. "You seem in terrible pain." "Yes, yes; it's like a band of hot iron," moaned poor Frithiof. Then sud denly starting up in wild excitement, ",There's Blanche I there's Blanche I Let me go to her l Let me go ! I will see her once more-only this once I " Roy with some difficulty held him down, and after a while he seemed to come to himself. "Was I talking non sense?" he said. " t's a horrid feeling not being able to control one's self. If I go crazy you can just let me die, please. Life's bad enough now, and would be intolerable then. There she is again ! She's smiling at me. Oh, Blanche !-you did care once. Come back ! Come back ! He can't love you as I love ! But it's no use-no use ! she is worse than dead. I tell you I saw it in that cursed paper, and I saw it in her own face. Why, one might have known I All women are like it. What do they care so long as their vanity is satisfied? It's just as Bjdrnsen says ; 'If thou hadst not so smiled rl nse, . Now I should not thus weep for thee,'"' And then he fell into incoherent talk, chiefly in Norwegian, but every now and then repeating the English rendering of BjSrnsen's lines. Meanwhile Roy turned over in his mind half-a-dozen schemes, and at length decided to leave Frithiof dufrit"g one of the quiet intervals, while he went for their own doctor, Miss Charlotte mounting guard outside the door, and promising to go to him if he seemed to need care. Dr. Morris, who was an old friend, listened to Roy's description, and re turned with hini sit orlce, much to the relief of poor Miss Charlottte wtho was frightened out of her senses by one of Frithidt's paroxysms of wild excitement. " Do you think seriously of hint ?" said Roy, wheti, thE crxcitement having died down, Frithiof lay in a soft of stupor, taking no notice at all of his surrouind ings. "If we can manage to get him any sleep he will pull through all right," said Dr. Morris, in his abrupt way. "If not, he will sink before many days. You had better send for his mother, if he has dne." "t le h.is only a sister, and she is in INdfl'ay:." " Well, send for hlief, foi t id wil ndeed careful niursing. ioi sdy, yeti will take charge of him? Yery weil ; anrid to-mor row niorning I ivill send in a nurse, who Will set you ?if liberty for a few hours; Evidently he has had sonid shock. Can you make out what it was at all ?" " Well, last autumn. I believe-irideed I am sure-he was jilted by an English girl with whom he was desperately in love. It all came upon the top of the other troubles of which I told you." " And what is this paper he raves about? What is the girl's name? We ltight get sonme clue in that way." "Ohi" said Roy, "she was married 5driie ridntlis ago. She is now Lady jdntiiiattui,' The doctor gave d 5tifldd ciclan-iidfio'i; "That explains all. I suppose the pocr fellow honestly cared for her, and was shocked to see the paragraph inthis week's Idle Time. Your friend has had a lucky escape, if he could but see it in that light. For the husband of that heartless little flirt rniust be the most miserable man alive. We shall soon have another of thdse dgteit?'ole edrilci cd/oivbes, and the newspapers lying sbotit ii very house hold will be filled with dill h i Pdisonodis details." As Roy kept watch through the long nights and days that followed, as he listened to the delirious ravings of his patient, and perceived how a man's life and healtlh had been ruined by the faith lessiiei dfd if vain girl, he became so ab sorbed in poor Frithiof, so devoted to him, that he altogether forgot his spdcirihetis and his microscope. He wondered greatly how many victims had been sacrificed to Blanche Romiaux's selfish love of admira tion, and he longed to have her in that room, and point to the man who tossed to and fro in sleepless misery, and say to her, "This is what your hateful flirting has brought about." But the little Norwegian episode had entirely passed out of Lady Romiaux's mirid. Had she been questioned she ,Would ftbbably hive replied that her world contained tod nidriy hard realities to leave room for the recollectidri of riefdf dreams. The dream, however, had gone hard with Fritthiof. Sleeping-draughts had no effect on him, and his temperature re mained so high that Dr. Morris began to fear the worst. Roy used to be haunted by the thought that he had telegraphed for Sigrid Falck, and that he should have to meet her after her long journey with the news that all was ovem. And tememnbering the bright face and sunny manner of the Norwvegian girl, his heart failed him at the thought of her desolation. But Frithiof could not even take in the idea that she had been sent for. Nothing now made any, differ ence to him. But sleep refused to come, and already the death-angel hovered near, ready to give him the release for which he so greatly longed. (To bIe cont/inued.) 