BROKEN HILL NOTES. A CRONK RACE MEETIN&, AND A SICK FIGHT. (Br ' Smileb '?) Onr race meeting was just as eiok as I . gueBsed it would be, and if the ' talent'.', had not visited us it would have been abont the' slowest thing on ?eoord ; the events were not up to great shakes from a raoing point of view, as the winners in nearly event went out at about 3 to 1 on; Wallaby die ;ingnished himself in the steeplo by falling six times. Ab it took this quadruped threo-quarters of an hour to Ret twioe round tho oourse, I think he .oan fairly claim to have made a reoord. A youngster named Tom O'Biely rode Mr. Berry's onarger, ana thousn 1 nave seen all the best oross'country riders in Australia1 perform, I must say a pluokier lad never wore - spurs than this lad. Wallaby, fell at ths firs v 'jnmp^when going at a. great paoa, and tamed clean oyer on tha boy, who was pioked up ia a semi-unconsoious state, and carried into the jockeys room by Mr.. Ferry. .Flight turned over a couple of -times and halted. Bordeaux, the only otherstmter, cantered roozd alone and won.' After a while Mr. Parry was't-era lugging the boy O'Biely ont on to the oourae, and in a-'triob-he 'was on Wallaoy, ' who limped painfully up to the next jump, and 'turned gr&celtiUytiipgide; dawn .'ia attempting' to get over, the: lad olam.bered.up intolhj sadole again, only to have the whole thin? over again at eaoh jump. Ho was apluoky hoy, hut I don't think muoh of Ferry for driving him at what seemed almost certain injuiy. I fanoy boys must be a bit plentiful down where that horseonner oomea from, seeing that seoond money was only £20. I shan't bother you with a fall description of the races, as they were so siok your readers Wouldn't care about it. The day after the raoea a matoh came of- between The Don and Simpleton, when the latter won. Our pugs have had a pretty fair time. Stewart fpoght (?) Dookrell eight rounds f jr the house on tbe 21st, and-itwas a merry mill. I never eaw people laugh so muoh in my life. Dookrell ia travelling with Jaok Graham and Keighan, and .is a big lump of soft humanity, gone oronk on the i.dea that he ia a heaven born fighter, while he iaa't fit to spar four rounds with a resdrreoted munmy. fete-wart is a splendid boxer in private, but he fuskB like a siok hen when he haa to and can't hit hard enough to ehifc a spieler off a church doorstep. He is a tall thin yoaog fellow, who claims the middleweight cham pionship of Adelaide. Be, don't look like a pug, but might answer for'ii rignboard for a cemetery in a bad season. ' Mr. AV Hales was ohosen referee of the fighting, and the man shook and looked serious. Bound 1 — D jokrell looked aa savage as a petrified hedgehog. He sorewedhis head round nearly under hia left armpit, sailed up to Stewart, and bauged an av, both hands, like a runaway watar whtil, for abeut two minutes ; then he pilled npand opened hia eyes, and found th&this; opponent was up in the other corner of the ring. The andienoe howled for jo/, and Dookrell made a oouple of rapid feints at his foe (who was 18ft. away, and then- once more started at exoresa speed in searoh of blood and glory. - Stewart looked abo^it as pleated' as if he had contracted to dine with a mad dog, and when the other animal swept down on him, at top speed, he slipped away like a spring worm in a mnddy pend. Dookrell ploughed iuto the audience on his off ear and neir elbow, and I don't think he'd have stopped going yet if he had not oollided with a policeman, who fell on top of a small hoy, whom he ran in for disturbing the peace. But Dook rell was a real game'un though be tasked like a dilapidated comet. When ho again got into the ring he meant to hit Stewart or die in tbe effort. Corners, however, prevented him from carrying out his noble intention. Bound 2.— Stewart stood np libe a gladiator, and held his' left well out in front of him. Dookrell sighted him from afar, and olosing his optios, rushed in ; Stewart did not fiihoh ; he stood like a hero, and waited for his stroke, but he olosed his eyes. .Dookrell baunded oa, like a- tame rabbit on a bran mash, and plunged his nose fair against Stewart's outstretched' glove, and then fonr arms cleft j the air like' letves in an autumn gale. Men shuddered, and looked on, a looal. undertaker got np and began to qnote his prioos, with the burial servioe in; and Peter B aland was oarried ont of the hall in the middle of an hysterical attaok. Bound 3— Stewart came up with his nose nearly bleeding, while Doakrall looked as if badly wanted to cry. .Stewart smacked his foe a fearful blow on the oheBk, and made it quite red. Dookrell retaliated by hitting the long fellow in the wind and water mark. By this the enthusiasm became fearful, and the andienoe yolUd for note eoienoe and less brutality. Keighan, who wis seoonoing Dookrell, was fast asleep in his ohsdr, and Graham sent a boy out to borrow a blanket. Bound 4— The referee politely requested the men not to damage eaoh other too mnoh, and Offered to lead them both a feeding bottle, tQ train for their next event, and gome one in tha audience fient along a half- hatohed egg as his special mark of appreciation^ This may have been a novel way of bestowing admira tion, bnt it wasn't a fresh joke, or else the hen that laid that egg oan't be oomplimented on the Btate.of ber health. Howaver, when the men got together they displayed some fine soienoe, Stewart poked his thumb artistioally in the ' raiher'a ' off eye. Dookrell rushed him to the ropeB and jammed the palm of his glove on to his nasal organ. - Kept it there, robbing it until that ornament began to shine like a new shilling, then tbey ombraoed, and Dookrell tried to catoh hold of Stewart's baok hair with his teeth. - The latter appealed, bnt as the referee had seen him deliberately pinoh Dookrell's arm during the souffle, thoy were ordered to oontinne the battle amidst thunders of applause from the two small boys who remained awake in tho andienoe. The referee was sitting under a ohair playing hazaards by himself, aud the time-keeper was waltzing and singing 'Bright Crowns in Glory,' iand so this awful oooteit went on its way until the end of the eighth round, when Stewart was deolared the winner. Both men have made a name for themselves here, and will he remembered when Jaokson, Newton, and M'Carthy are no more. Alf. Morgan and ' W. Maher fought on the 21th to a good house. Maher won in two ronndB, as he got home heavily on the. jaw with hia left in the first round and Btupefied Morgan, who came up to be knooked down six or seven times without having a ghost of a show. Maher behaved : in a very manly' style to bis beaten but game opponent, and haa made a lot of friends here through his conduct,: Morgan was not fit to fight when ha went into the ring. Fred Evans, of-Adelaide, haa challenged the winner. The polioe are going to allow us to fight to a finish in onr Olub Booms, and I have got a good orowd together already, and Sullivan ia onr champion' for the first £50 purse. 