NO IlOBBEilY. Mrs. Christie's was anything hut tin unpleas ant house, and tho peoplo who were staying in it were anything hut unpleasant. My pro eon - coived notion hml been that tho folks one would meet in a boarding-house woro of a doubtful .sort; at tho best it scorned inevitable that thcro would bo social cats purring inquisitively and treacherously all about, b’o it was a woleomo surpriso to find tho house so diiFcront from my anticipations. Mrs. Christio hersolf I know but slightly. Sho was the widow of a mining engineer who had done good sorvieo to our family in my father’s days. Sho had set up a boarding-houao on Kusscl street, and when it hajipoucd that I had to go up to town to consult my old eollego friend Marton, now a barrister, about some business, instead of putting up at my usual quartern, I wont, at my mothor's roquostj to Mrs. Ohriatio’B, not without somo misgivings about tho wisdom of tho stop I was taking; but I thought that anyhow it would ho a now e.x ponouco; and that was just what it did provo to bo eventually. Tho company was raailo up of an Indian army doctor and his d uiglitor, sho being a darned fair to look upon; two spinstors from Shropshire; a west country parson • and his wife; Mrs. Ohristio’s nephew, a clerk in a bank; myself, and a couple about whom no ono knew any thing—savo Mrs. Christie, and sho not much— but whom ovory ono allowed to bo tho most charming and delightful peoplo they had met for many a day. Mr. aud Mrs, Walcot bad travelled much, and woro evidently well road, but they neither weariod one’s cars with tho glories of Cupri or Granada, nor pestered you with talk about books they had read and you hadn’t; they rnado no display, nnd though brilliant conversationalists, they woro just tho pleasant kind of people in whose company you could ait without wanting to talk at all. Ifo was a tall, Bparolj' built man, well sot up, witli regular features, a man of fine bearing, yot not quito iiko a 3oldior; she was burdly so distinguished looking as hor huBbund, hardly so handsomo; her features just inisBcil regularity, but oyes aud mouth had a fascinating piquancy of expression which mado hor tho most attractive woman I had over met: I thought so then and I think so still, though I have considerably ex tended my experience sincothoso days when my mother guurded hor fledgling from tho attacks, rapacious or insidious, or every breed of harpy. Ilut tho moBt pleasing trait in tills couplo was that though so plainly devoted to ono another, and satisfied with their own company, they wore not wholly eaten up with mutual admira tion; thoir nuturo seemed to havo a sympa thetic fooling that moldod iteolf to suit tho dispositions of thoso around, without sucri/iping its own individuality. No wonder all likeu them; I was particularly gratoful for their courtesy, not Doing blessed in ^ either looks or stylo; I had unfortunately inherited my mother's manner and ray father’s face; had it boeu tho other way about, I shouM doubtless have proven tho Bociiri success which I was conscious that I now was not. Aud it must havo been out of pure good nature that thoy woro so friendly, for I lrad mado it a point with Mrs. Christie—whether sho kopt her pro mise I don't know—that she should fiay nothing to hor-guests about Barnshaw Hall, or tho mines, or tho plato and pictures, or my mothor's famous diamonds, or tho glorios of u country bouso that women lovo., Tho only ono who did not toko kindly to thorn was Marton. On tho Thursday uftor wo had concluded our business I prevailed upon him to diuo with mo at Mrs. Christie’s, and! romombor noting bow overyono seemed to bo at his or hor boat; oven Morton’s sovero features rolaxed, and ho showed himself almost more tlum courteous to tho Indian girl, betwoeu whom and ono of tho Shropshire spiusters ho was sitting, ovidcntly quito satisfied with his environmant, as bo owned when I was 4 sotting him back,’ as they say in tho North, to his chambers, 1 but— but-1 4 But ino no huts ; what is wrong now r 4 Why, thoBo peoplo to whom you liavo takon so violently, tho Walcots.’ ‘ What about them, Mr, Sensor ?’ 4 Thoy gave mo an uncomfortable feeling; not tliat thoy look uncanny, but I am haunted by tho ghost of somo fordding romiuisccnco, us if I had scon that woman's oyes before—and I am sure I have—but when or whero I cannot rocolloet; and I am equally suro they woro con nested with something shady—-what that, too, was I cannot bethink me; a hazy, indefinite recollection it was, but ono that clung to me all the whilo.’ 4 May I suggest dyspopsia? too hard work indoors, too little oxorciso.’ 4 Maybe you aro right, but do you, too, ubo a pinch of caution in comonting your now friend ship, Good-night.' 