COUNTRY SKETCHES. AT CEELONC. Br " THE VAGABOND," IL A distinguished traveller once told me an amusing story of liia reception at the principal club in the metropolis of a British colony. To hii great surprise he fonnd that the 11 stony British glare" was still cultivated to its full perfection in a new land. A stranger wa3 withered by the cold glances of the members. No voice was raised above a whisper. To laugh seemed a deadly offence against the club code of manners. Metaphori cally speaking, members were never at slippered ease, a3 men should be when together. And in their dress, as well as in their manners, the j most rigorous propriety was exacted. Once my friend carnc down to breakfast in his slippers. Perhap3 he was prond of these, the gorgeous work of some fair admirer. But the head waiter of the — club fixed him with a . glittering eye, the replica of his masters , glare. " Anything wrong V' asked my friend. : He saw the mail's glance descend. "Is tliia improper? Cannot I breakfast in my slippers S3 'I would at home?"' "There's nothing against it in the rule3," said the waiter severely, " but I never saw any gentleman do it." So, although there are no rules against slippers at theGeelongGrandCoffeePalace, I cannot imagine anyone coming down to meals here unless- frilly dressed in every particular. There is a cold propriety in the atmosphere of the dining- room quite equal to that of the Club. Everyone speaks in tbe lowest tone. : It is almost like being at church. The visitors fall into this way quite naturally. lVhen Maggie, the waitress, asks me in a confidential whisper what I will have for. breakfast, I find myself replying in the same mysterious manner, as if the order, " grilled bacon," was a thing to be mightily ashamed of. It is in rain that I try to summon up the 'ghosts of . departed revels held in this room when " Mack's " was in its glory, and to imagine how jolly the " wool kings " of the IV estern district used io be in the club, formerly attached to the hotel, but now used as the Coffee Palace reading room. The influence of tea and coffee and lemon squashes in the diningroom banishes all reminiscences of past festivity, and in the reading room instead of the vain games, Nap and loo, sacred music is played by charming young ladies, who make me feel quite good for the time being, as well as slightly sad. But after' all I am' very comfortable at the Grand-. - Mr. and Mrs. Groves try to make me so. One geti better attended to by the wait resses here than by German waiters in London hotels. I have a pleasure in chronicling that the -girls here are nearly all horn in the district. They are all nice-mannered, speak good English, do not misplace the letter n, and .are' a' distinct improvement to any of their kind . in England. The maid of the inn in Crc-at Bri tain is generally coarse, freckled, with a pro vincial accent heedless of H's, smelling of onions, and in her manner either familiar or sulky. There is a great talk iu Australia about the .. difficulty of obtaining domestic ser vants. If Melbourne ladies want parlor maids I should send them to Geelong, ii the waitresses at tbe Grand are a sample. This establishment, whether It remains a Coffee Palace or again becomes a "licensed house," will always be popular on account of its situation on Corio-terrace, overlooking tbe re claimed lots at the foot of the bluff on the other side of the street, with the tennis court below, and the piera beyond busy with the arrival and departure of the Melbourne steamers. The balcony at the Grand is just as charming a place for rocking chairs and lounges as can be found in Australia. Thero the ladies spend their mornings. Here a little lady, whoso talented father was tbe first who met me on my first visit to Ballarat many years ago, con descends to make my acquaintance. Old age always feels flattered at the confidence of child hood.. Here without exertion you can get the air from the ocean, which is purer than that of Naples, although in the hot summer days, 03 in all Australian towns, evil odors are ' sometimes evolved in Geelong. But I can certify - of old to the salubrity of this town. It is 6 years since I tarried here for a fortnight, Mr. Dampicr at that time producing at the theatre certain plays in which I had a pecuniary interest. "We had come from .Sand hurst, which, in midsummer, is as hot a place as one need wish to stay in on this side of the grave. I suffered severely from neuralgia at Sandhurst. At Geelong this disappeared, and. I had the most perfect health, which left 'me, however, when we again went up country, In those days I stopped at the old Victoria, in the market square. This is now, vice Mack's, tho chief hotel iu Geelong. But it has been quite re-modclied and re-organised. The people here are quite proud of the new entrance hall and ladies' dining and draw- ing room3 at the Victoria. The Brothers Sommcrs are making a rapid fortune hero, which they deserve, as they are not too exalted in their notions of a publican's duty to attend to their customers. During the busy hincli time yon will see these Juvenile Choeryble Brothers running round and waiting on their guests as If they were the "hired mc-n" instead of the "bosses." The cookery at the Victoria is as good as ever. In the parlors here the old inhabitants gather tind toll me talo3 of the past. Here Mr. Donald Wallace is receiving his friends and supporters. I, remembering that he was known as "tho whitest man in Queensland, " wish him luck. But the hotel accommodation of Gcclon" is not by any means equal to its requirements. I am not tallcing of tho facilities afforded for drinking, but of bond fide hotel business, in which board and lodging for the transient traveller should be the flrst consideration, the supplying of liquor the second. That is the mason of the snccess of the Grand here, as of- coffee palaces all over the colonies. In Australian hotels, too much prominence has always been given to the bar business. The profits on the sale of liquor have been so enor mous that this has been pushed to the front, in stead of always being kept in the background a3 in the United States, and to an extent in England. There i3 a great revulsion against this at the present time in Australia. People do not want to live with the at mosphere of a bar room always around them. It is not the" temper ance people who support our Melbourne coffee palaces. There is always a continual stream ol custom across Collins-street from the ex- "Birdcagc"to Mrs. Lane's, and Host Sheekan, of the New Treasury Hotel, is growing rich from supplying nobhlers to the patrons of the neigh boring Grand. The Grand in Geelong is being extended and enlarged, and next year will ac commodate hundreds of Melbourne tourist3. Bnt people want to drink wine3 and spirits sometimes, perhaps nader medical advice, perhaps because they like it ; and the bottle in the bedroom, which every second person has in every coffee palace, leads to tbe greatest of all evils— solitary tippling. So I am pleased to hear that a new hotel of the newest fashion is one of the coming improvements in "New Geelong" — that- Geelong which is 'just beginning to spring up in the form of new buildings and new industries. In every direction Geelong is being rebuilt. There is a move from the lower to the upper portion of the town- The Geelong Advertiser and the Geelong Times have both gone into new premises— a sign of newspaper prosperity here, as Is also the establishment of a second evening paper. On Corio- terrace, next to tho Grand, a new club house is being built which will be one of tbe most comfortable in any provincial town in Australia, and where, too, you will meet a3 fine a set of gentlemen. "When people in Geelong get to know you they are hospitable enough, but they take a long time in knowing you, the social life preserving some of the old English character istics. Thus Newtown doe3 not know the Western Beach, and the Western Beach does not know the Eastern Hill, ar.d none or them know Mackillop-street, and other localities entirely out of "Society" running can only avenge themselves by referring to the genea logy of the Early Pioneers from Tasmania. This is not quite a fair tiling ; it is bad enough for a man to answer for his own sins, without having hi3 ancestors' brought up against him. I, too, at Geelong, might amuse myself by re counting the early history of some well known Melbourne people who sprung from thi3 place, but I refrain. Geelong ha3 thoroughly woke up. It is not the city I knew years back. They have got the telephone here, and line3 of omnibuses running to all parts of the town and suburbs. When I drive around and view the houses and population springing up in the outskirts of Geelong, and express my admiration thereat to Dr. Newman, he replies "Walker." This is not meant as a witticism, but to the fact that to Sir. William Walker the inhabitants of the suburbsare indebted for the enhancement of the value of their property, as well as for their daily comfort and convenience. "A one horse city," in American parlance, means a town with a single tram line drawn by one horse. Geelong, till a few mouths back, was worse than "one horse it possessed no public vehicles at all. When Mr. Walker started these, people laughed at him and prophesied failure and rum. Now Geelong talks of these omnibuses with pride. Tbe parsons who preached against their running on Sundays now support tlicm as tbey, like the suburban trains in Melbourne, bring in worshippers to the clrarche3. Mr. Walker's stables, which adjoin the new club bouse and occupy tlie whole depth of the block from Corio-terrace, deserve some slight descrip tion as one of tlie most prominent buildings in Geelong, striking tbe eye from every point, a credit not only to the enterprise of the proprietor, but to the builders and the architect, Mr. J. S. Jackson, a young gentleman full of energy in his work, whoso sole aim in life is to revolutionise tho architecture of this city, and make it entirely a "New Geelong," in which case it may lose many of tliccharacteristic3 which orm its present attractions for mnny people. But here, as elsewhere, the old order must give place to the new, and old fogies and old pioneers must be satisfied with grumbling at new notions. Mr. William Walker himself is a Pioneer of '49, but he was only a boy when lie landed at Geelong with his parents. He lias .travelled all over Australia, and was at the first rush on tho Etheridge and at Char ters Towers. We recall many mutual acquaint ances in Northern Queensland. Mr. Walker's premises are tbe largest of any similar establishment in tlie colony, and are fitted up in complete style. The stables, solidly constructed of stone and brick, resting upon concrete foundations, occupy the whole block between Corio-street and Corio- ter race, tho length being 366 ft., the breadth 66 ft., and the height from tho tan flooring to tlie apex of tlie roof 31 ft. This establish ment, therefore, is much larger than Noah's ark, and the animals which marched in two by two after tho manner of their kind were never treated as tho 120 horses in Mr. Walkc-r's estab lishment, whose stalls are ventilated, lighted and drained better than many Melbourne resi dences. Water taps arc in every portion of the premises, the telephone 13 laid on, and the electric light is shortly to be introduced. There is a very cunning arrangement in the shape of a tramway over the stalls nnd loose boxes, by which fodder for the horses below is carried along and dropped into mangers. Omnibuses and other vehicles are sheltered from the sun and the rain and kept fresh and clean. There is a large boarding house in connection with the establishment, where the drivers and stable hands are well looked after, faring better I ex pect than Noah's crew. This, altogether, is the most complete concern of its kind I have seen in Australia. Mr. Walker may well be proud, as he stands on the tan and looks above and around and reflects that "alone he did it." And there is no wonder that the inde- fatigable seeker after the useful and beautiful, the writer of "New Gcclong"in the Advertiser, should enlarge upon it, or that it is shortly to be floated into a public company. Before describing the arcade and the hotel and other -of Mr. -Walker's projects, -and the daily increasing manufacturing interests, I will finish the record of the past by an account of the educational' establishments for which Gee long lias tor so many years been famons. As the Scotch and the Presbyic-rians early ruled in thi3 district, being in a decided majority, I give precedence to tbe Scotch Presbyterian College, commonly called the Geelong College. Mr. George Morrison, the principal belongs to a family of pedagogues. One of his brothers, Dr. T. Morrison is principal of the Glasgow Free Church Training College ; a second, Dn Donald Morrison, i3 head master of' the Glasgow Academy; while his brothers, Alexander add Robert, are the well known principal and vice- principal of the Scotch College, Melbourne. Mr. George Morrison was educated at the Uni versity of Aberdeen, where he took his M.A. degree, winning the Simpson mathematical rrize and the Hutton prize for general scholarship. Archibald Forbes made his maiden literary effort- as a first year student, in the University Debating Society, of which Mr. George Morrison, then in his fourth year was President, and Mr. Forbe3 says he never forgot the warm eulogium which the President bestowed on his performance. Another of hi3 class fellows was Sir Robert Hamilton, the now popular Governor of Tas mania. Sir Robert, who used to pride himself on being a distant Highland connection of Macaulay, like Robert Clive at Shrewsbury, won no distinctions and gave no promise of tbe very great ability he has subsequently displayed. Mr. Morrison was appointed first principal of the Geelong College in 1861— a position which he still holds. The school hhs turned out a num ber of men who afterwards distinguished them selves, among whom may be mentioned Professor Kernoi ; Mr. Garbutt, of tlie Ballarat College ; Mr. Page, principal of the New South AVales Presbyterian College ; Mr. M. H., Davies, the Speaker; Mr! M'Donald, the missionary, and a host of clergymen, lawyers, physicians and squaiter3. The principal's son, Mr. G. E. Mor rison, will be remembered by readers of ITie Age as having walked from the Gulf of Carpentaria to Melbourne — a distance of 2000 miles — after wards exploring New Guinea as the representa tive of The Age. In the last exploit he was wounded by a spear, a fragment- of which, 3 inches long was excised, after rc-maining nine montbs in bis body, by Professor Chisne, tbe eminent Edinburgh surgeon. Ho then studied medicine, and after taking his doctor's degree, wa3 appointed chief medical officer of the Rio Tinto mine3 in Spain. I was in New Guinea shortly after Mr. Morrison, wounded and crippled by fever, had to abandon bis quest. I know the great sufferings which this young gentleman endured in his endeavors to emulate the doings of Henry M. Stanley, and of 'his father's friend, Archibald Forbes. His name will ever be remembered as one of the first ex plorers of New Guinea. I am very pleased at having an opportunity to bear witness to tbe pluck of tlie son of the principal of Geelong College. Another son, R. H. Morrison, was the cham pion amateur athlete of Scotland, and for two years tlie captain of tho Edinburgh University team. He graduated last year as C.M. and M.B. The Geelong College was started in 1861 by tbe Presbyterian Church of Victoria, with which, however, it i3 now only nominally connected. It wa3 conducted for some years at Knowbe House, Skenc-Btrect, where the Grammar School also was started under Dr. Vance, of Kcw, its first head master. The present build ings were erected in 1871 at a co3t of OTcr £11,000. The college 13 situated at Newtown, about two miles from the centre of the town, on the brow of the hill overlooking on the south the valley of the Earwon and Bass's Straits, and on the north Corio Bay. There is an excellent principal's house, large dining hall, numerous class rooms, and ample accommodation for 40 boarders. The locality is healthy, and the many outdoor sport3, encouraged by the principals, have developed as fine a stalwart lot of fellows as any institution could turn out. Its football team was the champion team last year among tbe schools of Victoria. The other week four collegians played with the redoubtable Geelong Football Club. The grounds, which are beautifully laid out and planted, cover about 17 acres, and comprise foot ball grounds, cricket pitch, double asphalted tennis court and gymnasium, with all the usual equipment!. The college has a boat shed in an enclosed piece of ground on the River Barwon, with a complement of two fonr- oared gigs, one pair-oar and two pleasure boats, for the exclusive use of tlie school boating club. The Government lia3 also erected, for the U3C of the college, butts on the Barwon, at a convenient distance from tlie school, for tiie use of the cadet corps, which has existed for the past four years. "If passing the matriculation examination be a good test of the teaching of a school, the college, Mr. Morrison tells me, may fairly claim success, as it lias passed in ull be tween 209 and 300 candidates for matriculation, and of tbe six exhibitions at- matriculation won by schools out of Melbourne tbe Geelong col lege has carried off all but one. If in tbe mat ter of football Geelong college shows tlio muscu lar side of the training of young Australia, the success of its stndent3 at matriculation displays the aptitude for study which our boys- possess ;. although, be it understood, the matriculation test is not always an indication of aboy's quali ties for the serious work- of life, or the failure to pass any proof that a youth will not succeed in his battle with the world. Mr. Morrison has given me in the case of Sir Robert Hamilton an example which may be quoted against tlie efficacy of tlie matriculation test. Your bril liant youth, "dux" of his Echooi, and senior wrangler of his university, often turns out a very ordinary mortal. Barents who bewail tlie early dulnes3 of their boys may flatter tliem- selvo3 that in after life these may be quite equal if not ahead of the budding geniuses who carry off all the school prizes. The most impartial of 03 most have his pre. fcrence. If I were a parent or guardian I would prefer to send my boys to tbe Geelong Grammar School, which is a thoroughly English " Public School," of the typo of Winchester, .Shrewsbury or Cheltenham. When the Government of Victoria gave a grant for educational purposes to the various religious denominations, the Church of England established the Melbourne and Geelong Grammar Schools, which ore still held and governed by trustees and councils, and have not drifted under private management. The Melbourne Grammar School acquired a great reputation under Dr. Bromby's rule, which it has not since quite sustained. The Geelong Grammar School, under the management of Mr. J. Bracebridgc Wilson, formerly of St. John's College, Cambridge, an associate in ilis day of the foremost men at the University, has been yearly adding to the reputation it early acquired. The buildings on the south side of the ridge on which Geelong is situated are a magnificent pile. They over look the Barwon River and valley and the suburb of Belmont. I litre receive a very kind and courteous reception from Mr. Brace- bridge Wilson and his family. We have mutual friends to talk about, as well as of the head master's native count- of Norfolk. He is very prond of the success of liis "old boys" at Cambridge aud Oxford, of tbe "honor men" ho lias turned out, and of the present educational status iu the school to which lie lias given his life's woik. Mr. Bracebridgc Wilson is, however, a thorough Englishman in his distaste for hnmbng. It is not every schoolmaster who would say, "I would not have you suppose, because I enu merate tbe successes of our students, that I wish you to believe our school picture to be without its shadows. I am constrained to say that, while there is much evidence of creditable work, tk.ere is also muck that is lamentably bad, much that is terribly disappointing, both to the masters of tlie several forum and to myself. We may well apply to our own case the words of the late head master of Uppingham School, one of the oldest and most experienced school masters in England : — 1 The power that boys have of resisting teaching most be experienced to be credited. It is very easy for a zealous master to imagine the boys are working harder than they are, because be feels that be is work ing bard. It is easy for him also to go over the same ground again and again, until he thinks his class must know- it all, because tliey seem to answer fairly well whan the question recurs in a familiar form ; whereas an examination will often reveal that tlie boys have not really made the knowledge tlieir own.'" In the matter of "resisting teaching" I sympathise with the boys. I have not quite forgotten the days when I, too, loathed learning. I thoroughly agree, however, with Mr. Bracebridgc AVilson's re marks that education does not altogether mean scholarship. "The playground," says tlie Gee long head master, "to my mind is almost as important a feature in a boy's education as tlie class room. I have followed' out that theory in conducting this school, which in spite of a supercilious critic in a Melbourne paper evi dences that there is a school life to be lived in Victoria not quite unworthy to be compared with that of an English public school. It will be found that the lessons of tbe river and tbe playing field, no les3 than of the school room, have not been lost. The self denial and manly spirit which won athletic laurels in day3 gone by are now of practical value in that great duty of bread winning which recent writers on edu cation declare to be tbe first thing tho great majority of men have to do when tbey launch out into the world." Mr. Bracebridgc "Wilson says : — "There can be no better evidence of the healthy character of our surroundings and of the Ceclong air than is afforded by tlie number of boys who came to this school slender delicate lads, nnd who are now strong and stalwart young fellows, heroes of the football field, tbe boat race and swimming contest." But it is not the Geelong air alone which has done this, but the system of encouraging boys in careful physical training, nnd the supervision given to them in their sports as well as tlieir lessons. Yet Mr. Bmccbridgo "Wilson boasts that less time is devoted to athletics at the Geelong Grammar School than at any educational estab lishment in Australia. . But the most is made of that time. Besides the playground attached to the school, there is a cricket ground of 10 acres, with an excellent pitch, and pavilion for. spectators. Also, there is a spacious gymna sium, fitted up with tlie best apparatus, the gymnastic class being under a skilled instruc tor. Tlie Cadet Corps trains the boys to discip line, and in botli drill and shooting. Tiie re sults obtained have been most satisfactory, tlie grammar school having carried off the Publio SoliooLs prize. But it is on the water that the Geelong Grammar School boys have bIiowii tlieir highest skill. The last report gives tlie rather bald statement : — " Tbe proximity of tlio school to the Barwon River affords abundant opportunity for tlie grand exercise of rowing. Tlie school lias a large boat- shed of its own, with an ciglit-oar nnd a large number of other boats of various descriptions. No boys are allowed to join tlie boat club until tliey have passed tlio swimming test, which consists of swimming 80 yards or more iu boating dress, and showing a thorough knowledge of tlie best method of rescuing drowning persons." This doc3 not do justice to the influence of tho Grammar School Boat Club and the glory its members have achieved here and in England. - . When Mr.- O'Brien, the champion bat of liis year, was at Oxford, he was brought before the " Dons " ciiargcd with doing things lie ought not to havo done, and generally leaving undone those things which lie ought to Imve done. " You will never take your degree, sir ! " was tho censure. "Oh! I do not expect to," was Mr. O'Brien's innocent answer. " What do yon come to the University for, sir?" "Not to take a degree, but to got into the Eleven," wa3 the reply. Geelong boys who have gone from tliia cradle of learning to Oxford and Cambridge have had brilliant careers at those Universities; but the world knows more of Robertson nnd Fair- bairn than of Thornton or Woodward. Geelong Grammar School had tlie crotlitluTr of supplying a member to each of the IVv -f Eights. The lessons taught on the Banran'w'57 repeated on the Ism, the Cam and the vlZ Three years ago I had the pleasnre old Geelong hoy, Mr. William Robert it Younger, at his father's old college. AV.dhaa If he was rowing on tlio losing side in the 7, lowing year, Geelong knows that Oxford Jm a good race, and if they sympathised witW defeat gloried that the winning boat contact a Fairbniru. Such a record, as well as ti „ fact that the first " Intercolonial Schools' Bo- Race" rowed in Australia fell to the GreW Grammar School would make many a lad 0-- Mr. O'Brien's temperament wish to be s-it hither that he might get into the crew and -We its glories. I witness the 5iresent crew in a mate, with another fouv of the Barwon club n„ boys are mnch lighter, and are thoron-ldv "tT tended," hut they win. It is almost ai exciting as the " bumping races " a1 Oxford. Here buggies are drivin- alo£ the banks of the Barwon, and bcrl running and shouting encouragement to their friends. It reminds me very much oi ths banks of the Isis in '86, when I saw- Mr. 'William Robertson rowing for Wadham, and particularly admired the young undergraduate who cheered on his college mates with loud cries of "Go it Jesus ! '' The senior classical master, Mr. J. L. CutU- bcrtsou, E.A., of Merton College, Oxford, liai the crew under his particular training Geelon" Grammar School is "head of .the river" as far as the public schools are concerned, aud Mr. Cuthbertson moans to keep it there. When boys hare a master who shares in and directs their sports tliey are all tlie more likely to follow attentively his tuition in school. lam asked to see the boys "both in and out of school." The invitation to a trip down the Barwon to Lake Conncwarre is one which oa some future day I hope to accept and renew my youthful experiences in company with the boys. I begin to feel younger as I walk round tho college escorted by Mr. Cuthbertson. We have mutual acquaintances at Merton, and talk of them and of the oid Mitre, dear to all American travellers, and of which I hare happy reminiscences. I am introduced to tlie crew, fine lads who some day hope to he pro moted to row in some college eight on sliding scats. Tlie refectory, qnadranglc, class rooms studies and dormitories are shown me, and I talk to their occupants, lads from all parts of Australia. For Geelong Grammar School isnow so well known that it may he said to be an Australian instead of a mere Victorian school. It is many long days since I have been in any place which, reminds me so much of my early youth as this does. Only in the artistic decorations of the studies the hub of to-day are more aisthetic than we were. Photographs, etchings, China plaques and fain with corners bandaged with drapery— we should have thought all this effeminate. But it is not so. Talking to Sir. Cuthbertson and Mr. Garrard in the Masters' Smoking Room, you got an idea of the tone of tlie school life, which is essentially one of manliness. You feel that lads will he turned out men from this grammar school ai well as scholars. A very dear friend of mine, a cousin of one of Scotland's foremost Httiralcm once said to me, "I know I'm not clever, but I come of a race of gentlemen who were alwayi straight." Tho dominant principle at the Gee long Grammar School appears to he "to go straight. " This is strongly defined in tlie schcol Quarterly, a very intercstingliterary production, now in its thirteenth year. I wonder if tin next number will contain the account of the Spartan heroism of the youngster from Shrewsbury who cut off liis finger the other day whilst fooling with an axe. He didn't groan or cry, but after Doctor Smith arrived, summoned by the telephone, begged some absolute alcohol, and proudly shows the dissevered member to all strangers. 