Chapter II. Year in, year out, the sunshine tried in vain to shed its light upon the damp- stained walls of Csirnsmnir Castle. A few stray beams, checkered by the shadow of moving leaves, might rest upon its southern side at mid-day, but these wonld shortly fade, and the shades creek back across the deep-set windows, and ball obscure the wicked faces of the imps and demons carved in mouldering atone, that spouted watar from the roofs in rainy weather, or In rats clftndtfgf days of summer craned their long thin necks to grit, a «ei with, horrible grimaces at the world lelow. At first sight one might laney toe vast old pile was tenantless, so stall and stagnant »as the place with its thick, neglected growth of trees, and the staalthy now of the river far beneath. Fall of romantic yet melancholy associations It stood grandly, and— in spite of Mis. Jardirie'e iraphecy— still proudly ; the thick walled old stronghold that had weathered rain and storm for so many centuries t In one of the narrow windows that pierced it capricious intervals the castle walls, one Dow might catch a gleam of firelight, so bright and cheery Out the sound of crackling logs, seemed almost to reach one nearly two hundred feet below. Sometimes a figure «U in white passed the window, and dived again into the depths of the fire-lit room. Well might one fancy it some ghost of bride or maiden, aome bright flower of the stern old Scottish stock revisiting the soenas of long-forgotten lira. Again the delicate fane appeared at Uw window, and remained there, looking out. A large tree that grew against the side of the stronghold, whereby a sad tale hung, gave avastsuhas the river breeze stole np and stirred ill Presently, &s; another figure stole into the receu, Evelyn Thainston turned and was caught in a passionate emhraro. Her husband held her at arm's length, to admire her in her bridal dress of gleaming satin, worn again to night for the first time since she won it on her wedding-day scarcely » moo& ago I 'How beautiful you are!' he cried proudly, ' how perfect and how marvellous ! Yes— it is worth while; it is quite worth while!' The last words were muttered to himself. Be touched her on the forehead Bo&ly;, And laid his hand on her hair, which was like a light-pierced mist frowning her beautiful head. * ' And what shall 1 *»y of you in return for these pretty oompTimeom' she asked, laiffhinf* ajid blushing ? 'Come, we must aotstay htre, admiring one another,' he returned, smiling, yet with a- strange look of anxiety in his £aos ; 'the people *re assembling, and yon ought to be down, to assist your brother to reoeive them.' They passed together from the room, band Iffpkfjj m llftTld The house w*s full to-night, ior it was an eventtul ocoaaiau. Many of the rrighhonrs woo liv*d too far off to return to tfaeir tomes —Miss Tapley and her nieces among them— ware sleeping atths oitlsj; sad i&era; was, basidas, a large shooting party— Stewart Pember at lbs ssmbu— and other visitors, to ttldmte the -? mm-w^wjwc, qt. the vonng ttnple. Sie affair one irrevocably tattled, John Douglas had detennined to casks the beat of it ; oil sister's husband was already in his eyes a very different person from Gilbert X'hafnstoh, and he did his utmost to — «*™ cordial. Bnt Thainston felt that Douglas always regarded the marriage aa a- family calamity, and he never ceased to harbour a bitter CTwmtanwit for this offence, and a net less though vague desire of revenge. £velyn, whose endeavours to establish more cordial relations between her husband and brother had entirely failed, looked forward with aome anxiety to having the two men living under one roof. Thainston bad an instinctive dislike to any one to limpidly straightforward as Douglas, while the honest Scotchman could ant {eel comfortable rt'*fmg the ftnnfnsmi lights and mysteries of a mind like that of his brotherin law. Mn. Jardine shragged ber shoulders aadly. ' As well expect the lion to lie down with the lamb I I look for nothing bat misfartnnfl for f^'«T|g'mi'1 from this tune forth 1' Miss Tapley's screams were heard outside in the hall before Evelyn and her husband entered, just as the noisy summons of the dinner gong brought the people troeping In. They had come here to-night with a prejudice against the bridegroom; bat Evelyn could see with pride and joy that it began to melt away before the power of his brilliant personality. He had infinite tact, infinite cleverness. He talked to the right people abont the right things ; was sound and conservative just wben he ought to be sound and conservative; a little bold and enter prising just where the ground was safe for such adventures. He felt that he carried all before him in an easy triumph ; his admirers were many, his critics few. The good oonntry people, not accustomed to spend such an amusing evening, were, for the time at any rate, carried away. The dinner went off with singular eclaf. There was a flash of electrical sympathy across and across the table, as rare as it was delightful ; and everyone knew who was the author of the brilliance, Evelyn caught and flung further the darting snake-like talk, irridescent as fish's scales, that issued with veritable serpentine coilings from her husband's powerful brain. His metallic force of intellect etruch the spark that set in unaccustomed blaze these minds of laxer fibre, till the heaviest among them felt him self a new- born wit 1 Nor did the retiring of the ladies to the drawing-room break the spell. When, shortly afterwards, the rest of the party foUowed them, the bonrs passed as brilliantly and as pleasantly as ever, and far too swiftly to please the younger members of ^tbe company. Yet the cause of all this unwonted excite ment wore at tunes a furtive look of watch fulness, almost of fear. Stewart Pember studied him with uneasy wonder. They had not met until to-day since the marriage, sod it struck Pember that Thainston'e face in repose Looked drawn and haggard. Some of the people strolled out by the river side after dinner, wending their way down to the little bridge, or even wandering aa far as the moat which encircled some ruins at about a mile distant, from which a curious ring of mist wae rising stealthily in the evening light. ' Von don't look well, GilbertTjiaid Us Wend, 'what's the matter t Sorely yonr anxieties are ont now.' ' Orar !' he oried emgely, UoUng a gnat ?tone which had fallen from tteha&ementa; on to tlie narrow moatnde pathway, into the water, 'they had never begun in earneat till now. A year ago I would not hare cared very much if the wont had come to the wont ; now I have everything to lose.11 HU featnrea were working painfully. 'She believBB in me in epite of them all— ahe cares for me ; she could redeem me from the pit of hell if she would jort hold oat her hand and call my name; if there'll such a place as heaven she, and ehe only, can open the gateB for me. I am like a drowning man brought gasping to land. If this threat ia carried oat —do yon Bee?— the gasping wretch it flung back into the waters to finiih hia drowning, just when he would eell his eoul for a longer draught of life !' *' ft is strange to eee yon nnder the influence of a Dew puision,' (aid Pember; ' you to whom the lo«e of money was at one time all- absorbing. ? ' I wonder which of (be two ia tbe stronger and the more lasting. Unless this disclosure Is— well, very Un pleasant indeed — I would advise yon to take your wife into your aonfidence and steal a march span the enemy.' Thainston turned deadly pale. 'Im- possible ; ebe would fling me off— she would hate and despise me.' He broke off as if he were choking, leaning against tbe side of an archway, which apparently fonnej part of the pointed roof of some old dimng-ball, now choked up -with grass and rank weeds. A plant of hemlock jrrew dose to the entrance. Thainston drew himself together. 'I had better stay here and anok hemlock stalks,' he said ; u or I might try the moat. It looks es if it were longing for a nice corpse. How well it would hide ma. wouldn't itr *^' If I knew the real nature of your difficulties, I might enter into yonr testings . more intelligently,' suggested Pember. 'Read that, the** Thainston took a letter from his podcet, and banded it to his friend. Pember read it slowly with changing faoe, and when he had done he paused for some gloomy seconds. 'You seem to be rather in a mess. What this disclosure with which he threatens yon may be, I, of oouree. don't know; but since you regard it as impossible to tell your wife or brother-in-law, why can't you raise tile money on your wife's prospsetar* 'Good heavens, man ! my wife's sacceaaiaa depends open her brother's dying before her, without heirs, and I oast raise nnuh money on that, as yon may suppose 1 This fellow wants money, nothing more ; if I win pay him tan thousand pounds in tiie course of two years be offers to give up to me the documents that my happiness or ruin bangs upon, and then I should be a tree man 1 But I need not say the thing is impossible. As soon u the blow falls I nmst leave the country — my wife; it may not happen for a year, or a . month : it may be to-morrow — to-night perhaps. I bold what ITioWfrom moment to moment, not knowing when it may be taken from me.' 'Mr. TVjainBton! Mr. Thainaton I Where are yon!' The dreaded voice of Miss Tapley came ringing ?crom the water. '? Confound that laughing jackass !' Thains ton exclaimed savagely. In another minute ahe had skirted the moat and was upon them. 'Come, Mr. Thainston,' shs olamonred, 'yon are aegieoting yonr duties shockingly. Everyone is going In-it b getting wehiliy ; and we are all as flat as pancakes without yon. You can't think how dnll it b.' 'I can, quite easily, ' said Thainston ahortly. (TobttmtiiuwaLj 