LEGENDS ABOUT TREES. Thees, in the earlier stages of society, have uniformly been tlie fertile subjects of poetical and mythological allusion. Many of the prettiest legends of heathen an- tiquit&jks; well J\Aji'tCrisan P1"0 JBPuntriSj anAageshlwgbBCTwed from mosfimirifliantrfmeA&nd; coin- fSjffflyt thriAlyaifi mllusions, jcagedggrom wrous Jtpiartejs, lire have onCTOTti.iiJ|lirf thur the will be interesting to our We begin with the applc- treo, so singu larly connected with the first transgression and fall of man, and distinguished alike in tlie mythologies of the Greeks, Scandi navians, and Druids. Tlie golden fruits of the Hespcridcs, wliich it was one of the labours of Hercules to procure in spite of the sleepless dragon which guarded them, were believed by tlie pagans to lie apples. Hercules wo6 worshipped by the Thehans under the name of Melius (from the Greek MSlon, nn apple), ond apples were offered at hi s altars. In the Scandinavian Kddu. we ore told that tho goddess Iduna had thebcare of apples wliich had the power of conferring immortality, ond which were consequently reserved for the gods, who ate of them when they began to foci them selves growing old. I'lie evil spirit, Loke, took away Iduna nnd her apple-tree nnd hid them in a forest, where they could not be found by tho gods. In consequence of this malicious theft everything went, wrong in the world. The god's became old and infirm, and, enfeebled both in body and mind, no longer paid tlie same attention to tlie affairs of the earth, and men, having no one to look after them, fell into evil courses and became the prey of the evil spirit. At length the gods, Trailing matters get_ worse and worse every dav, roused their last remains of vigour, and combining together, forced Lokc to restore the tree. The Druids paid particular reverence to the apple-tree because the misletoe was supposed to grow only on it and the oak, and also on account of the usefulness of its fruit. In consequence of this feeling, the apple was cultivated in Britain from the earliest age of wliich we have any record, and Glastonbury was called tho apple orchard, from the quantity of apples grown there, previous to the time of the Romans. Many old rite? aud ceremonies are therefore connected with this tree, some of which arc practised in the orchard districts even at the present day. Tlie wassail bowl, drunk on All Hallow E'en. Twelfth Day live. Christmas Eve, ond on other festivals of the Church, was com pounded of ale, sugar, nutmeg, nnd roasted apples, which every person partook of, each taking out an apple with a sjKion and then drinking out of the bowl. The custom of bobbing for applies on All Bellow li en, and on All Saints' Day. which was formerly common over all 'England, is still prac tised in some parts of Ireland. A kind of hanging-beam, which was continually turning, was suspended from the roof of the room, and an apple plnced at one ond and a lighted candle at the other. The parties having their hands tied behind them and trying to catch the apples with tln-ir mouths, frequently caught the candle instead. In Warwickshire apples are tied to a string and caught at in the same man ner; but the lighted candle is omitted, and in the sume county children roasi appic- on a string on Christmas Eve; the first who. can cuteh an apple when it drops from the string getting it. In Scotland uppKs are put into a tub of water and then bobbed for with the mouth. The oak appears early to have been nn object of worship among the Celts and ancient Britons. Under the form of this tree the Colts worshipped thc-ir god Baal, the Celtic god of tire, whoso festival (that of Yule) was kept at Christmas, was also worshipjied umli-r tho semblance of an ouk. The Druids professed to maintain perpetual fire, and once every year all the fires belonging to the people were extinguished and re-lighted from the sacred fire of their priests. This was the origin of the Yule log, with which, even so lately as the middle of last century the Christmas fire in some parts of the country was always kindled, a fresh log being thrown on and lighted, but taken off liefore it was consumed, and reserved to kindle the Christmas fire of tlie following vear. The Yule log was always of oak, and as the ancient Bntons believed that it was essential for their hearth-fires to be renewed every year from the sacred fire of the Druids, so their descendants thought that some misfortune would befall them if any accident happened to the Yule log. Tho worship of the Druids was generally performed under an oak, and a heap of stones or cairn was erected on which the sacred fire was kindled. Before the cere mony of gathering tho mistletoe the Druids fasted for several days and offered sacrifices in wicker baskets or frames, whfch, how ever! were not of willow, but of oak twigs curiously interwoven, and were similar to that stiil carried by Jnck-in-t bo-green on Mav-day, which, according to some, is a relic of "Druidism. Tho well-known chorus of u Hev, deny down," according to Pro fessor Burnet, was & Drnidic chant, signi fying literally, "In a circle the oak move around." Criminals were tried under on oak tree, the judge with tbe jury being seated under its shade, and the culprit S laced in a circle made by the chief iruid'e wand. The Saxons also held their national meetings under on oak ; and the celebrated conference between the Saxons and toe Britons after the invasion of the former was held under the oaks of Dartmoor. Tlie mistletoe, particularly that wliich grows on the oa was held in great vene ration by the Britons. At the beginning of their year, tlie Druids went in solemn pro cession into the forests, and raised a grass altar at the foot of the finest oak, on wliich they inscribed the names of those gods which were considered as themost powerful. After this the chief Druid, clad in a white garment, ascended the tree, and cropped the mistletoe with a consecrated golden pron- ing-hook. the other Druids receiving it in a pure white cloth, which they held beneath the tree. The mistletoe was then dipped in water by tlie principal Druid, and. distri buted among tlie people, as a -preservative against witchcraft and doaesfeps,' T£ "any port of the plant touched theground/Stwas considered to be the omen of some dreadful misfortune wliich- mtt-ftboot to fall upon the land. The'ee&mooy; was always per formed when tofe'moon "was six days old, and two white Rails were sacrificed at the conclusion! In Scandinavian mythology, LoknftoO evil spirit, is said to have made tlie arrow with wliich lie wounded Balder (Apollo), the Eon of Friga (Venus), of mistletoe branches. Balder was charmed against injury from everything which sprang from fire, earth, air, and water; but the mistletoe, springing from neither, was found to be fatal, and Balder was not re stored to the world till by a general effort of tlie other gods. The magical properties of the mistletoe are mentioned both by Virgil and Ovid. In the dark ages a similar belief prevailed; and even to the present day the peasants of llolstein, ana 6owc other countries, call tlie mistletoe the "spectre's wand," from the supposition, that holding a branch of mistletoe will not only enable a man to see ghosts, but to force them to 6peak to him. The custom of irissing under tbe mistletoe at Cliristmas has been handed down to us by our Saxon ancestors, who, on the restoration of Balder, dedicated the plant to their Venus (Friga), to place it entirely under her control, and to Ere vent it from being again used against er as an. instrument of mischief. En the feudal ages it was gathered with great solemnity on Christmas eve, and hung up in the great hall with loud shouts and re joicing. Tlie holly, like some other eveigreens, has long been used at Christmas for ornamenting ; churches and dwelling-houses. It appears to have been first mode use of for this pur pose by the early Christians at Rome, and was probably aaopted for decorating the churches at Christinas, because holly was used in the great festival of the Saturnalia, which occurred about that period. It was customary among tbe Romans to send boughs of holly, during the Saturnalia, as emblematical of good wishes, with the gifts they presented to their friends at that season ; and the holly came thus to be con sidered as on emblem of peace and good will. The ivy was dedicated by tlie ancients to Bacchus, whose statues ore generally found crowned with a wreath of its leaves, and as the favourite plant of Jhe god of wine its praises have been song by almost all poets, whether ancient or modern. Many reasons have been given for the consecration to Bacchus of this plant. 6ome poets «ay that it was because toe ivy has the effect of dissipating the fames of wine; others, bcciansc.it .was once liis favourite youth, \- £- ; - Cissus ; and others, because it is said that tho ivy, if planted in vineyards, will destroy the vtnc6, and that it was thus doing on acceptable service to that plant to tear it up and wreath it into cliaplets and garlands. Tho most probable, however, seems to hp Altai tlie ivy is found at Nyssn, tlie reputctRBhtoplnce of Bacchus, aijkl in njotheaif ofgdia. Tlie anggnt flfjsek marae<y5cmrasj;a symbol of The closqnfess of jhe foe r$vlijm ought to bind them tqm&eriWd-; Ppmy lTiiloiAteiteiSyrf Egypt, ordered the Jews wlio wbnld abjure their religion and attach themselves to the superstitions of his country, to l>o branded with an ivy leaf. The ivy is symbolical of friendship, from the closeness of its adherence to the trees on wliich it has once fixed itself; hence, al-co, it has become a favourite device for seals, 60me of the best of which are a sprig of ivy with the motto, "I die where 1 attach myself," and a fallen tree covered with ivy, with the words, "Even ruin cannot- separate us." Ivy is tlie badge of the Clan Gordon, The jasmine is no less crloln-iitcd for the delicacy of its odour nnd flowers than for the pretty love legend connected with its European history. The custom which pre vails in some countries of brides wearing jasmine flowers in their Hair, is said to have arisiu from tlie following circum stance:— A grand duke of Tuscany had, iu IGM, a plant of tho deliciously-scentM jas mine of Gon, which he was so careful of, that he would no suffer it to he. propagated. His gardener, however, being in love with a peasant girl in tho neighbourhood, gave her a sprig of this choice plant, on her birthday; ami ho having to ught her how to make cuttings, she planted the sprig as a memorial of his affection. It grew rapidly, and every one who saw it, admiring ite beauty and sweetness, wished to have a plnnt'of it. These the girl supplied from cuttings, and sold them so well, as to obtaiu enough of money to enable her to marry her lover. The young girls of Tuscany, in remembrance of this adventure, always deck themselves on tlicir wedding-day with n nosegay of jasmine; nnd they have a proverb, " that she who is worthy to wear a nosegay of ja«mine, is as good as a for tune to h'er husband." The myrtle was an especial favourite among tlie ancients, by whom it was held sacred to Venus. Tlie name is said tn have been taken from thatof Myrsine, an Athenian maiden, a favourite of Minerva, who, suffer ing love to overpower her wisdom, was changed into a myrtle by her offended mis tress, und taken pity on by Venus. Others say that Venus, when she first sprang from the bosom uf the sea, had a wreath of myrtle round her head. Tlie temples of this goddess were always surrounded by grove® of myrtle; and in Greece she \vn adored und«'r the name of 51 yrf ilia. Fliny says thnt the Romans and &nbines.; when they were reconciled, laid down their arms under a myrtle tree and purified themselves with its boughs. Wreaths of myrtle were the symbols of authority worn bv the Athenian magistrates, and sprigs of it were entwined with the laurel wreaths worn by those conquerors, during their triumphs, who had gained a victory without blood.-nvd. The ro>e has been a favourite subject with the poets in all countries and in nil ages, and in mythological allusions it is equally fertile. It was dedicated by tlie Crudes tn Aurora as an emblem of VOUtll from it? freshness and reviving fragrance; and to Citpid as nn emblem of fugiieity and danger from the fleeting nature or its charms and the wounds inllieted by its thorns. It was givon by Cupid tn llavpo- crate?, the god uf silence, ns a bribe to prevent him froiu betraying the amniirsof \Vnns ; hence it was adopted as a symbolical of silence. The rose was for t!,i> reason frequently sculptured on the ceiling® of drinking and f. asting rooms as a warning to guests that what was said in moment- of conviviality should lint b-» repented; from which what was intended to k-pt secret was said to be told " under the rn><-." Tin Greek po»-te say that- the ro-c was originally white, but that it wn® changed tn red— according to some, from the blo.nl of Venus, who lacerated her fe«.-t wilh i;s thorns when rushing to the aid of Adonis, ami according to others, from the blnoJ of Adonis himself. The fragrance of thero®e is said by the poets to he derived from a cup of nectar thrown over it by Cupid, and it® thorns to be the strings of the K'»-s with wliich the arc of his bow was strung. Another fable relating to the birth of the rose is. that Flora, having found the dead body of one of herfavourito nymphs, whose beauty could only be equnllM by lu-r v irtue, implored the assistance of all the gods nnd goadeo? to aid her in changing it into a flower which all others should acknowledge to be thnir queen. Apollo lent the vivifying power of his beams, Bacchus bathed it in nectar, Vcrtumnus gave it? perfume, Po mona its fruit, and Flora herself its diadem of flowers. A beetle i? often repr.-s.-nit'd on antique gems as expiring sin r.-un l.. | by rnses, nnd this is suppn®"<l to lx» an I'jnbh'in of a man niTvntod by luxury- tin b.'.-lle being said to have mu-Ii an 'nntipithy to rocs that the smell of them will cuii-e its death. Among the Roman® the ree was nn especial favourite. Tln-y garnir-lud their dbheswilh it, wore garland® of it at their feasts, strewed their banqui'ting apartments with its leaves, and their htdw® u®»-d rose- water as a perfume. Throughout tlie Ea®t itwasetill moreexten-ivuly ci'lehmtrd ; the poetical allusions and Jeg'.-nd® relating to the rose being numerou® unougli to fill an ordinary volume. That which represent"4 the nightingale ns singing for its love, is perhaps the prettiest, und lin? given rise to some of the most exquisite verses both in our own and in the Persian language. The origin of tlie fable is thus told in the Language of Floivers:—" In n curious frag ment by the celebrated poet, Attar, entitled Bulbul Kamek— tlie Book of the .Nightin gale— all the birds appear before Solomon, nnd charge the nightingale with disturbing their rest, by the broken and plaintive strains which he warbles forth all the night in a sort of pbrensy ond intoxication. The nightingale is summoned, questioned, and acquitted by tlie wise king, because the bird assures liim that his vehement love for the rose drives him to distraction, and cause? him to break forth into those passionate and touching complaints which ore laid to his charge." The Fenians also assert tlmt "the nigh tingoleiu spring flutters round tlie rosebushes, uttering incessant complaint.-, till, overpowered by the strong scent, he drops stupifiod on the ground." Tlie Catholic Church has also added con siderably to the legendary history of tlie rose. A golden rose was considered so honourable a present, that none but crowned heads were thought worthy either to give or to receive it Roses of this kind were sometimes consecrated by the Pope® on Good Friday, and given to such poten tates as it was their particular interest or wish to load with favour? ; the flower ite'-if being on emblem of the mortality of llic body, ond the gold of which it \\\us com posed, of the immortality of the soul. The custom of blessing the rosoi® still preserved in Rome, and tlie day on which the cere mony is performed is called "Dominica in Rosa.'1 It.e rose was always considered ns a mystical emblem of the Catholic Church, and'enters into the composition of most of their ecclesinstic.il ornaments. As a symbol of beauty and innocence, it was cu»(omorv, in some count rifs, to award « crown of roses to the girl who should l»e ucknow- ledged by ull lhucomjielitor? to be the most amiable, modest, and dutiful in their native village— Q custom which, till hitoly, whs annually performed in some districts of France. In the middle age?, the knights at a tournament wore a rose embroidered on their sleeves, as an emblem that geutlcness should accompany courage, nod that beauty was tlie reward of valour. Al>out this period, the rose was considered so precious in France, that in several parts of the country none but tlie rich and powerful were allowed to cultivate it; but in later times we find it mentioned among the rights of manors, that their owners were em powered to lev a tax, or tribute, on their tenants, of so many bushels of roses, which were used not only for making rose-water, but for covering the tables with, instead of napkins, Tlie French parliament had for merly a day of ceremony, called "Baillee de Roses," because great quantities of roses were then presented. How many a man, by throwing himself to toe ground in despair, crushes and destroys for ever a thousand flowers of hope that were ready to spring up and gladden all liis pathway. lie Persia, when a man is convicted of robbery, they put him in a brick tunic by the roadside, pour plaster of pans around I lira till be is suffocated, ana leave liim standing there hermetically seaUd up as a warning to all who pass that way. 