A SPIRIT. WnES Ealph Atwood's young daughter, Evelyn, ran away from him with a fashionable city man, who had been hanging about the place for a Ion? while, the sho.k to her father was i"ery terrible. ; He .was one of a type common enough in New England, rare elsewhere ; a man of education; 1 tpIio cared nothing for the prizes of .this world.? If he wanted more money: than be had, it was merely to add new books 1» Ms library, r There he spent all the time that be could spare fro tilth e small farm, which brought bim, year in and year out, enough to live on. Tbe house, with its quaint old furoiture, had belonged to the Atwoods in Bevolationary times, and was miraculously preserved, having been built of unusually good material, but it was small and plain. He did a great deal of the out-of-door work with his own hands, and his daughter, who had lost her mother in infancy, did all that was needed within. It was when she waa spreading linen to bleach upon the grais that the man who destroyed her happiness first saw her ; and she was pretty enough to make any one linger to gaze; fair and young, an-3 very graceful. Her father thought her as pure as a baby, and as innocent of all knowledge of sin ; and when the trutli burst upon him, it crushed him, mind, body, and one might have fancied, soul also. He was ill for a long time, anddnring this time he leased his place to a young man who had just married, keeping only the littlo end room where his tooks were, and where he had had his bed placed. Though he got abont again, all his energy seemed gone ; but I believe that he still hoped that his Ewy would return to him. some day, until news of herdeath reached bim. It was a short, sad story. The man for whose sake she had loft her home had been fond of 'her for a littlo while. He dres^od lit r in lace and velvets, and give her jewels to wear and money to spend. Then his fancy took another flight,and he neglected Evelyn. One day her bonnet and a parasol were found by the river's edge. This little note was pinned to them. It was directed to the man who had been so cruel to hor z "Ton will be glad to be rid of me, for you love me no more. Will you toll my dear, good father tbat I know a dead trouble will .hot be so hard to beir as a living shame, and that I hope be can foiget me. Eveltk." I shall never forget old Atwood's face when he read that letter. I was practising medicine in Greonbnrn at tie time, and I tbink that I kept him from dying then. My wife was very sorry for him, and we did all the little thingE we could to make him comfortable. But he cared for nothing. Life had lost all interest to him. And in this condition we left him when we moved to Boston. He seemed so hopeless, so lonely, so utterly withont any object in life, that I could not but feel that denth wonld be for him' a re]ens? from suffering. • However, he was not permitted to die, while men who longed to live, and whose existence seemed necessary to others; were smitten down in their prime. One day, to my surprise, I met him in tbe street. He was-thin and worn, but the dull look had changed for one of oxcitcment. He grasped toy hand warmly. "I haven't forgot your kindness, Dootor," he said, "I have not,.indeed. And Mrs. , I hope she is well." I answered that we were both in good health, and inquired how long he liad been in New York. "Two months," he answered. "Two months. Tbey seem so long. So mnc'n has happened. I should like to tell you about it, bat it is so noisy here, and it agitates me too much." " Come and take tea .with us," I said, "and we can have a long talk." " Why, how kind of you," he answered. " Bless my heart, how kind people are, andhow good Heaven is. Why, when despair seems to <3raw a dark curtain abont you forever, suddenly there shines a light, a—why, my dear, dear friend, you don't half knovr how good trod is to iia." He took both onr hands and pressed them, i "I go oat so much," he said. "Monday, Wednesday, Friday, Saturday, and Sunday afternoons. How lucky that tbis is Tuesday. I have it to give to you. I'll come." He squeezed my hand, let it go, and hurried away. I was great puzzled, and when I reached home my wife shared my astonishment. Old Balph Atwood, who had farmed his little land so simply, who bad lived such a quiet life and spent his leisure time in reading works on which he could not even talk to his uneducated neigbbonrs—a man' wbo, after his wife died, loved one human being on earth, hiB daughter —a man on wbom a crashing grief had fallen so heavily that his labours in the field had be- come too hard for him, and tbat when I left <ireenburn he had told me that he could find no distraction in his favourite volumes, since on every page be turned the name of his daughter Evelyn and her sad history alone seemed written. This man, eager again—with engagements for certain evenings iu the week—hopeful, and, above all, with such faith in the goodness of God; for never very religions,the trouble that had befallen him bad seemed to make bim utterly doubt the goodness of God, or that we were more than the sands of the desert, or those flakes of snow that melt as they fall to earth. " What can it be ? What can it be f " my wife repeated. But we could not explain tbe matter, and were obliged to wait until Atwood arrived. He was prompt, however, and came into the room with a smile an his thin, old face His manner -was more genial than I had ever fancied it conld he; he shook our hands warmly. " You are looking very well, Mr. Atwood," said my wife. " You notice that!" he said. " Ah 1 well, life is a veiy different thing to mo now. I will tell you all about it It is wonderful; so wonderful that I cannot believe my own' senses sometimes, and I am not sure that I can make yon believe me. Still, with proofs at hand " He stopped end smiled, and crossing the mom, stood before an engraving of Mary at the tomb. " He is not here, for He is risen," he said. The tears were in his eyes, bnt he wiped them away quickly. We sat down to tea. When the little maid was gone Atwood looked at us earnestly. " Friends," be said, "you are good people, and you are people who think. Doctor, you know of such matters. Do you believe me a sane man? Do I seem rational to you ?" " Assuredly," I said. "I feel myself to be so," said ho; "bnt I mil shake yonr faith in me in a few moments, when I tell you that my dead daughter Evelyn has returnedto me, as palpable a presence as in her life. I have not only seen her, but spoken to her, touched her, held her in my arms. My friends, I swear it to 50U." We said nothing. It was plain tbat this was true to him.' Hewenton,— "You know that books which treat of .the supernatural—what we call the supernatural— were always interesting to me," he said. "I never doubted the stories toldijy Kerner of the. Seeress of Prevorst Because 1 did not under-, stand a thing gave ine no right to call it false. Who. is it tbat says, 'If a man believed only what he could comprehend, he wonld believe neither in God, in himself, in the stars which rolled above his "head, or the herbage which is crushed beneath his feet ?' Bat after my great trial I read nothing; as you know. I used to lie acrossmy bed hour by hour,'doubting God because he would not let jne die.. I nsed to go down into the woods and lie there with the same feelings in my heart. One day I found a paper there. From force of habit I picked it up.' It was a spiritualistic piper. Ah 1 I see you stare. There was an account of a materializing seance tbat held me spell- bound." He paused. My wife had turned red and pale .in a.moment.. I felt a sndden emotion of irritation. This was what he was coming tb. '•Ah," he said, lookingat me, " so l have shocked, you. '- You do think .me jnad now. Well, my friends, I cannot blame you; but let me tell you r.that . that' old newspaper has changed earth to tieiven iqr me. I keptit. I came to Boston. I went tb the house—that blessed house. I—I He gave each of us a hand. " And I saw my. -Evelyn there- ?es, dear friends, it is true.; all true.. She has kissed me. -Gbe has jtold me "that she loves me. Why, it is nothing to die—nothing. We are the same as we were here, only there is no trouble . there, or any parting. Yes, it is rtrae, this materialization " Itwiis so plainly.trne to bim.. It was to me ^0 homhle and^xud^i, deception that jny £oul ackened withinme.•'•: . " What do you Bee?" I asked. "A veiled :&ce;,i over whioh the curtains jaio drawn in baste;and thisina roomtoo -dark to -see anytbingj»lainly3" . , , no," be .said. - '.'J eee Evelyn, and she lias toll me things no other conld know ; flfiiowj&ejised; to play in the little closet in -my { library, iieeping, jb.nr •. toys: tiere ^ Af her ^otheife^rt^^OTici^ejnsedtoJdssbefore 1 1 _c ji.' . - - - - refreshes me greatly. I have not much money, you know, and these mediums are obliged to chaige rather heavily, from a poor man's point of view. I live on bread and water, and I sleep in a very miserable lodging to save my foes ; but what, do I care if I can see Evelyn ^ " Oh, bow ccaeltbis deception was. I thought.... How these deceivers preyed on the tenderest feelings of the human heart.' ' / "•;•-' f , i ll Come to-morrow evening, dear friendssaid Atwood. "Yon will see I speak from knowledgel" ; i Yes; I will go with yon,?' I said. - " And then you -will' believe," he answered. "We will not talk about it tmtil youjiave seen." It was late next evening when I went with him to the house of the medium. In the parlour was a small assemblage of people, who took their places in a double semicircle abont tbe "cabinet"—a curtained wardrobe set in a recess. There were respectable people and doubtful people amongst them. The regular habitues hailed Atwood in friendly fashion, "He is greatly blessed," said a mild old lady at my side. " His daughter is a very strong spirit. I wish my hnRband.would come a.i plainly, but I never see his fa2e. 1 Then a sharp, eager face was thrnst between us. • " Matilda came illuminated last night," said a voice. " How I rejoiced! " Then the face was gone, for a hush was upon the room. A coarse, strong woman had entered, withdrawn the curtains from the cabinet, asked if anyone wanted to examine it, and permitted me to enter. My fingers, in passing over the carpet on the floor, detected the hinges a trap-door ; but I said nothing. We took our seats, the room was darkened; the medium entered into the cabinet, and a strange squeaking noico proceeded from its depths. " Yellow Pigeon the Pawnee," ire were informed was addressing us. He was an Indian, and he talked like a dime novel savage. Finally be consented to appear. Something like a feather- duster waved between the curtains, and we were told tbat he had done so. I had been to these places before; I had seen all that followed—the usual gleam of white at tbe entrance of the cabinet; the rag doll on a stick that was supposed to be the soid of a departed infant; the medium, in theatrical costume, with a " Hullo! my hearties," as a sailor boy, drowned years before. My blood was boiling within me, when suddenly all was silent. We were asked to sing. We sang—to drown the sound of something else, I knew—we sang, " Shall We gather at tbe River," to the sqneak of a melodeon. Then the curtains parted. A voice said: " Father, dear father." It was Evelyn's voice. Tbe light grew a little stronger. I saw Evelyn's face. The curtains parted; she slipped out, clad in shimmering robes tbat draped ler as a statue is draped, in clinging folds, ber white feet bare, her white arms bare, her fair hair falling to her waist. " Evelyn!" Tbe old man had hastened to the cabinet. He held her band, and caressed it. "Come here, my dear friend," he said. " Do you doubt now ? " Doubt! My heart for a moment seemed to stop boating. Then I stood beside him. I touched the hand he held. It was no ghostly hand. I feit warm breath upon my cheek. I touched hair that grew on a living head. I. cla«ped her abont the waist. " Yes, that is Evelyn Atwood," I said. Suddenly the lights were all pnt out. In the darkness I felt a man grapple with me. Happily I am powerfully built I made my way to the door. My cloak was on the hall raok—a military sort of overcoat, with a cape. I wrapped it about the girl, who clung to me, and made my way into the street. Our cab was at the door. I put the young creature into it. " Let no one come near the carriage," I said. "Thrust me, yer honour," replied the coachman. I went back to the house. I had taken the precaution to come armed. The room wa» light, the medium protesting that a " sceptic" bad "grabbed" a spirit, and nearly every woman was in hysterics. My friend was sitting upon a sola white as death. '.Come," I.said to him, "remember than truth is stranger than fiction. Your daughter lives." We went together to the carriage. The girl only held her arms out to her father. He took her in his own. "Oh, I was so wretched," she said, "so iserable, so degraded. I left my things on the bank of the river. I did not drown myself, and I dared not go home to the father I had disgraced. I trie l to get work. Tbis medium —this woman with her cabinet—oh, she is very very bad—engaged me to sew. Then she wanted me to play the part of spirit—I, who was dead to those I loved. It seemed very fitting: I almost fancied myself a ghost. I made money for her. She was liberal enough to me, and if I refused, starvation lay before me ; and then one night my father came. Oh, my father 1 and he embraced me. I never told the woman he was really my father. But, oh, to see him 1 to touch him 1 And it made him bo happy. You know the rest. Oh, how can you forgive me !" Again she clung to him. He folded her to his heart. "Love forgives ovcrything, my child," he said. They live in the old house togetheryet. She will never be joyous again, but the is very mild and sweet; and the lust time I saw Balph Atwood, he was realing his oldmystie lore again. '' In spite of all, I know," he said, "Iteel quite sure, that the spirits of lost dear ones do return to ns sometimes." — "At least," I answered, "we shall go to them." 