A FEMALE SOMNAMBULIST, 8HE TAKES A MID'NIGHT WALK. Shortly after midnight this morning «omo , sensation was created in Port MrJbourno by , tho ApjKaranco of a ghost-liko figure perambu lating the streets of the borough. The quondam apparition was first noticed by a yotmg man named Alfred Torjroy proceeding along tliu footpath on tho east side of Bay street. Tho young followron to tbo Port Melbourne police station, and informed tbo watcbbouie- keeper, Constablo Connelly, of the circum stance. Tbat officer went to thn plaeu indicated, and came across the female Kronnrubuliat — for eucb It proved to be. Sbo was then in tho act of cnxaing the street In froot of tbo Chequer's Inn HottI, and after accomplishing this feat In safety, shu retraced her steps along thu footpath on the west sidoof theytreet. Without making any i ffort to awaken the woman, who held her right hand to her head in a dramatio fashion, and was only clothed In a night dress and stockings, tbc officer walked quiutly by her side, keeping near the kerbstone to prevent : her failing into the gutter. As events proved, this courxo was a thoughtful one, for after proceeding m far as the town ball tho wuman turned to tho right, and was on the point of sustaining a nasty fall in thn gutter, when tho constable caught hor in his arms. She was awakened by tho surprise, and then informed tho officer that her name was Mrs—— , and that aho was a married woman, residing in Raglan street. Constable Connelly immediately took of! hi jumper, and after wrapping it around tho .woman escorted her to her house. It appears that tbo somnambulist has been subject to nooturoal dreams since aho was 18 years of age. Only a few weeks ago, in the midst of a storm of wind and rain, she got out of bed in a similar manner, aud, wolkisff across tho street, knocked at the door of one of her neigh bors and loosed tbouj before awaking from bar dream. In tbo present instanon she retired to rest just before midnight, and had not been loog abed when sbo got up, and opening the front door, walked along Raglan s trees, into Bay street. In order to do this she woold require to cross the Iocs! tramwaytrack, which is now In coarse of construction; and the woedor Is tbat she did not meet with soma accident at the spot. The affair is tbo topioof conversation in tho borough Unlay. 