\- Our Melbourne Letter. n ? . . (From our own Correspondent,) .. .? . ' ??'?.'. July 22. ' Matters meteorological have been diver sified with us during the past week. The rain has ceased, and Deolus has been treat ing ua to variations o£ his ant-arctic mood more sharply dellned than has been- abso lutely pleasant. Bleak winds, bitter frosts, and douse fogs have been the prevailing characteristics, and in each particular the gentleman from the South Pole has at tanriml varu ut.riffMv to business. T.lit; it; ia in the last-mentioned that he haa specially distinguished himself^ You have fogs in Lnuncjston on occasions, if 1 remember rightly, and when they do came they comn to stay. Well, we are better off in that point. VP'o compross our experience into smaller compass, but without being able to boast your staying power I am prepared to maintain that wo can crowd about us much fog into a square yard as any place south of the Line. Tuesday was in this matter our grand field night, when about 4 o'clock the invader bestan to take possession, com ing in thick drifts of dun colored and smoke tainted vapor that steadily shrouded City and suburbs, harbor and highlands in a dense mist, which it would be a mistake to call a mantle. It was a double breasted driving coat, a freize ulster, and a possum-' akin railway rug all rolled into ono. Still it rose like an exhalation blocking up every avenue with a bank of opacity, meeting you in solid chunks at every street corner, hang ing so heavily overhead that you could not read the clocks in the towers as you looked up frotnbelow in your hurry to get home and out of it. Everywhere it spread itself like a pall through which the gas lamps glimmered like sickly tapers at only a few yards distance,- and the more powerful electric light could only shed a halo of faint and sadly circumscribed luminosity. That foe took possession of every crevice and corner. It made itself perfectly at home in the innermost recesses of your lungs, searchod out every weak' spot in your bronchial tubes, and filled your mouth with a taste as of soot. In mauy of the minor thoroughfares traffic was- entirely suspended. On the main streets the trams and vehicles had to go at half . speed, and -when about 9 o'clock it had attained to its greatest density moving bodies approach ing you towered up suddenly out of the mist, went flitting by you like,,sheeted ghosts, and disappeared again with a suddenness that had in it something wierd and uncanny. On the railway lines cau tion was the order of the night. Detonators were brought into use and fog-whistle fantasies set your teeth on edge with, discordant shriekings. Literally and metaphorically fog was in everybody's mouth, for the one topic of conversation ?was London fogs, Glasgow fogs, fogs off the coast of Labrador, and every other foggy part of the fog-visited universe. I heard more ' crackers ' about fogs in a ten mile spin that night than would make the reputation of a second-hand Baron Sfun chausen, and without believing one tithe of the tales told I have a very profound respect for the lively imaginations of the narrantors. The present reality, however, suggested to my mind an easy solution of a difficulty which is seriously exercising our civic dignataries. There is an outcry against the network of telegraphic, tele phonic, and electric lighting wires which are constantly multiplying opposite second and third floor windows, and- the1 proposi tion is to spend a million or so in stowing them in a subway. That would do very well but would be rather expensive, while if the council could make the necessary permanent arrangements they could spike the wires on to that kind of fog at a con venient height, and every difficulty would be triumphantly surmounted. Nothing ?would remain but to dig the stuff out from below so as to permit of ordinary traffic, and if the patience of the people wouldn't give out, neither, I'm very certain, would the strength of the fog. ' ' While on subjects meteorological I am tempted to say a word or two about our weather prophet, Mr Ellery. the Govern ment Astronomer. I have'an immense re spect for a man who can make a fairly good guess at what to-morrow will bring forth, because in that matter I must own to having been all my life a very conspicious and remarkably high-toned failure. If, as a brilliant paragraphist enlivening the dull columns of a morning paper, I venture tore mark that: — 'There appears to be, no chance, of a break in the stormy weather, ?which has so.long prevailed, but every proa pect of its continuance for the next week' so surely the brightest of suns would be shining, and thefairestofskiessmiling as my grining readers scanned that luckless par. If I prophesied:—' An assured continuance of the pleasant weather we are now en jnying' — a day's downpour would supply a dripping commentary upon my singular perspicacity as a meteorologist. Therefore I venerate the man who can call che cards like Mr Ellery, and win every time. He is not the first who has e3sayed the business professionally, as I am well reminded by the fame of the illustrious Mr Murphy's weather almanac with which our grandsires' were familiar, and which inspired that classic ditty:— ' Murphy's got a wea ther eye, He can tell you if he pleases, When it's wet and when its dry, When it snows and when it freezes.' Not that there is any great prophetic power here evidenced, sineethe assertions are made in the present tense, and it does not require a vast amount of ability to tell the ' is,' as distinguished from the 'will be.' Lieut. Saxby and Admiral Fitzroy went nearer to the mark as forecasters, but there was con siderable lattitude allowed by their predic tions which somewhat detracted from their merit. Mr Ellery; on the other hand, makes his shot fairly and squarely, and it is so seldom he misses that his forecasts have come to be accepted as guides sufficiently reliable to base your arrangements upon. If he says 'rain, to-morrow,' you can get out your mackintosh and be sure that you will want it. V; If he says 'shine' the picnic or race fixture mayhold, with no chance of your requiring your umbrella for any other piirpose.th'an as a,sun-shade or a flirtation concimlb'r.Vlt.^ is. i interesting to see what general and 'what implicit confidence is placed.'ih'him, and still more interesting to .note how admirably he justifies this re liance. _ ?;. .. #? As 'I write to catch, the mid-day mail the . - Courtis engaged hearing the Central Board of Health show cause at' the' instance of Mr Wilson why a mandamus should not ' jsaue to compel it to approve the plans for the re-buildmg of \k* Bijou theatre. The question is at i8P/tte w&lly;, is whether the .Board can refus'.jto santion the erection of a structure wl\loh it admilis meet8 all requirement'?, in itself as to accomodation a'an?emeV»ta, exit space, etc, and is only objectionable on the point of site in that it is not on the ground floor fronting the m.au\ thoroughfare. On the ' general Principle I believe the board are right, ''bough whether they have not overstepped their legal powor is the matter of which you will be apprised by wire. But of one thing I am very certain, which is that this city wants one or two good theatres badly. xnat very liberal trimverate, Messrs Garner, Musgrove, and Williamson, who have play-riddon this suffering community for so mauy years have the two largest theatres the Princess and the Royal, and Frank Clarke the variety artist has the Opera House, the Victoria, St. Georges and the Hoyal Museum (late Wax WorkB), so that Melbourne can only see what these gentleman chose to permit. The last named is always ready to treat for the' Opera House thanks to which we shall have 'Miln back when you have done with him and he with you ; but, the others — Navaire I They have the whip-hand and they will keep it, that is till the Bijou and the new theatre at the corner of Exhibition and Bourke streets are open, Dampier has the Alexandra on his own account, and considering its position and former shady reputation he has done wonders with it. He has simply lifted it out of the mire and made it a place of good repute and fashion able resort, and in this he has been helped by the disposition to rebel against this theatre ring which has it in its power to ahut out anything and everything which does not first make terms with them. Apropos of the Bijou and its burning, it is satisfactory to notice that the fire brigades have bridged over their quarrel, and have hit upon a modus vivendi which seems to be thoroughly acceptable to all. The terms of accommodation have boon arranged by Superintendents Stein and Manger, and have been endorsed by a moss meeting of firemen, who are now as enthusiastic in Mr Stein's praise as they were vigorous in his denunciation, some little time back. The terms of arrangement have been com municated to the Government, and a bill will be introduced during the present ses sion of Parliament dealing with the general subject, and giving effect to the lines of compromise. . Touching that same Parliament there is little to add to my last. The House; has been pretty constantly in committee over the Public Service Amendment Bill which has forged ahead so slowly that the nightly motion for the adjournment might have been changed to the formula: — 'That the Chairman do now report no progress.' There is a growing belief that the Civil servants are over-doing it; that they are veritable daughters of the horse leech, and that if their aggressive disposition be not checked the salting process by which the genus is made to disgorge' and reduce its overgrown bulk, will become an act of necessary discipline. ' The Treasurer is to make his budget speech on Thursday, and keeping in view the figures and matter he has to deal with, a very cheery sort of a speech it should be. That ghoul in petticoats, Elizabeth Taylor, arrested in connection with the death of the girl Eliza Nowlan, has again dodged her deserts. While no moral doubt exists in this as in the former half-dozen fatal cases as to the woman's criminality, the legal evidence is not sufficient to con vict. The jury returned an open verdict of denth through an illegal operation, and the accused was discharged to do some more work of' the same kind. The number of these cases which come to light are sufficiently startling, but when from this data speculation deals with the number of which the pubjic hear and know nothing, the matter assumes proportions perfectly appalling; and yet the Taylor's of the community pursue their infamous vocation unwhipped of justice. ? 