A FANCY DRESS BALL AT THE KEW ASYLUM- Tbo recreation room at the Kew Asylum for tbo invanc, prwntcd a gay and festive ap- poarftneo on Wednesday, when some, hundred couplru-awmblcd to trip tliu Ugh: 'fnntaKtiu toe. From ft coniuarftttvely early hour cf the ovenitis the room wa comfortably filled with a motley crmvd. Red Indians and sweet tale-faces met amicably together in the dance, Kobiuson Crusoe and mad Ophelias, cavaliers "nnd Cinderella?, jesters and vivaniiicrcs flirted out side 011 tho verandahs, while wild Irishmen, kilted Scots, firemen, police, nnd soldiers bob- nobbed together nt thu rcircHlnnent bnfTot, or attended to the creature comforts of their fair partuera. . Some of the guests who had Attended the ball under the inipression tiint n nuinhc r of the patients were to attend were, rather disap pointed. Tor 3omu reason or other tlip presence of lunatics always lends an added Attraction to a Kill, and at the dnnct/, which nr6 regular infititulions at many of the Fnglinh Asylums, the promoters nro gent-rally rushed for invitations. The reason for this probably lies in thu fact that po many , good Htories are told of these strange festivities, A legend 13 extant to the effect that on one of these occasions, at a well-know 11 asylum in Kngland, a gentleman who was n visitor in tho locality was in'.roducid to a charming girt, and under the misapprehension that shu was a lunatic, he endcavor< d to draw her out by informing her that he was tho materialised ghost ot John Lunyan. She iu turn, imagining him to be insane, re- murlccd in a cnrel'.-eu manner that blie was Jael, tlio wife of .Jiober the Kenite, who cut short the carter of Sisera. He thought, what a pity tuch a beautiful creature tthould be mad 1 She thought, wlmtnn intellectual man ! And rund ' Kventualiy the tn intake was dis covered, and the pair afterwards became man and wife. Some pontile think that anyone who would attend a kill, unless he went there as n waiter or to take tho gentlemen's cloak, must b.ui lunatic. Lapt night one patient was present for' a few minutes, but only as an onlooker. Hie hallucination is, that he is a woman. He in called ''Sarah," is shaved clean and wearfc long grey hair carefully curled, down bis back. He affects tho giddy airs of maiden hood, and rejoices to utter exclamation in a ilirill falsutto voice. "Sarah" is fond of tilking > about the prevailing fashion, although debarred by tlio laws of the asylum and the land tho pleasure of hiniHejf donning the fearful and wonderful garments of the weaker sex. Wednesday he \vvj eagerly discussing with one of the guests the advisability of abandoning that much abused article of feminine attire— the im prover. In spite of the inclement weather tho ball was a great success. The ball room was prettily decorated ' with flags, Chinese lanterns nud evergreens, the work of ths attendant. The medical staff mustered in fore', and tho remainder of the guests wero nltondanU and theii friends. Thursday morning was well ad vanced before the last dancu- was over, and "soft on the sand and loud 011 tho stones the last cab xattled awny." pursuing its not too smooth conrse through tuo grounds of the Asylum, ..which, whatever ihey may bo in tho daylight,' offer no pleasant roths nt night, nn one party found, when tho cabby in tho dark- nesa lost' the track for a time, and jolted across drains andvcr treo stumps. 