AGTA POPULI. Bt the Flanetjb. Another good man gone wrong ! So great has been the tidal wave of jobbery which has swept over the land oi' late, that even the immaculate Frawncits Abigail has been caught in the swish, and there seems some show of his being borne a-way by it to that sea or oblivion from whence he sprang. The charge brought against 'Uncle Abby' is that lie, in his official capacity, took away some valuable mining property in the Glou cester district f rom its rightful owner and handed it over to his (Frawncis') own brother, Mr. James Abigail, and a 'pardner' by the name of Perry. The papers iu this interesting matter will be laid before the House shortly, and no doubt will have full justice done to them. The greater part of them has already been published, and to outsiders they certainly seem rather rough on the gifted Orange brothers. Until they are proved to be guilty j however, they must be considered inno cent ; but the very fact of an accusation being made against a man of such spotless character as Frawncis shows the great clan ger that exists in keeping bad company. Had he stuck to his cobbler's seat, and never at tempted to go be37ond his ' last,' this trouble would never have come upon him, for his irre proachable reputation would have shielded him, and besides he would not then be in a, position to work the oracle, or to favour his friends in any way, except iu the matter of a little half-soling and heeling of their Sawbath Bluchers. Frawncis has one great consolation in his pre sent afiliction, however, viz., if he does get the dirty kick out over this affair, no one outside of his own little Orange circle will be sorry for him. John Casual Labour Davies will not pray for him, for it was mainly on the strength of tho tuneful tenor and pyjama dancer's novice that 'the Orange Lodges declared they had no faith in the hero of the Coonanbarra hat ; and the general public who remember how unceasingly Fiawncis kept his keen snout on. the trail of the j Dibbs- Jenningg party, and ho -.7 quicldy he retiredjjfroin the poli tical PcavengL-ring business as soon as he gripped his fab portfolio, will [rightly consider that, however -xood he may be as a weasel, he is precious little us3 as a Minister of; the Crown. Anyway, ho will havo to go before long, for his patty is growing shakier every day, and the 'yaller pup' is whining- out their death wail already. It has often been said that] wo Australians are more English than the English themselves. This may be true, or otherwise, but it is dead certain that so far as loyalty goes, we are far more enthu* siastic over the business than the Scotch are, for we learn that during the recent visit of Queen Victoria to Glasgow, she waa mumbling out some response to an address'' o£ welcome presented to her when 3ome terribly irreverent son of Scotia yelled from the crowd, ' Speak oop, woman ; we dinna ken a word ye're sayin'.' Of courre every one fully expected that the earth would open up and swallow the daring wretch that spoke so dis respectfully to England's Queen, but it didn't open any more than a chunk ofjj'granite would, and her Majesty had to boar the snub in silence, Had such a thing happened here, the old Kiama ghost would have had his Treason Felony Acfc trotted out at once, and the rash offender would be hung, drawn, and quartered inside of half an hour ; and had it happened in Ireland—phew ? why the eable3 would have fairly crnokec?, with the preaure put upon them to flash, the news to the four comers of the earth in the quickest time on record. Coming* from a Scottish throat, however, poor Victoria must have felt the insult keenly, for her 'art is hever in the Ighlan's — as Muster Parkea would say — and ehe would naturally expect that John Brown's countrymen wouldn't be the first to 'round' on her and find fault with' her elocution. ' Me and Beatrice' will have a precious poor opinion of Caledonia after this. 'Drat their imperence ; them cable boys have' been makin' a fool of me again,' was the passion ate exclamation of Sairey Gamp, of Hunter-street* when she discovered that that awful Mexican revolt, in which 3000 insurgents, including 300; priests, were killed, was all a ' tiger tale,' by the side of which Rajah Inglis's best efforts would appear as Gospel truths. A more palpable hoax was never perpetrated than that cable from our London ' specials,' but the said specials are bo used to wiring falsehoods that the item, coming as it did from such a very reliable place as New Yorlr, .seemed the most natural thing in the world, and so they sent it whizzing roun$ the globe with a promptitude worthy oil a far more deserving cause. 01! all those who were ' had,' however, none were so badly bitten as the poor old broken-down clerical hacks on the S. M. Herald. Not only did they fall head first into the trap, bu^ they actually rolled over and over in it, anc5 would have stayed there for a month if the con° tradiction had not arrived nest day. Not Content with publishing the absurd taradiddle, the Hkeasb smarties set to work to explain the why and where' £ore of the whole affair, and with marvellous sagacity they pointed out that the whole ructions were started by the tight hold which the Mexican Catholic Bishops kept ou their monasteries and other properties, and furthermore observed' that no Government would shed blood ilZ ouch a wholesale manner unless a terrible example was demanded in the interests o£ the State. Nothing blinds people worse tliaa bigotry, and in spite of the terrible take down Granny has received over the Mexican joke she would cheerfully publish another fairy cable. to-morrow saying that the Pope had smothered Ee Umberto and proclaimed himself Zing o2 Italy, but was afterwards defeated by the Mahdi, who abolished Catholicity, and compelled all the Pope's people to turn Mahomedans, Nothing can be too tough in this line for the Herald's ? Sairey to swallow, providing it tells against 'them Popish wagabones— drat 'em all.' Bishop Barry has accepted the position of as sistant to Dr. Thorold, Bishop of Kochester, who is coming to Australia on a visit, and who will probably stay a week and then return home and writs for a year about us. From Primate of Aus tralasia to Assistant-Bishop of Rochester seems a . bit or a come down, and is clearly another in« justice to ourselves and our lovely harbour, bu ft Di\ Barry will have peace, at home, and probably thinks that peace is cheap enough at any price j as the man who wa3 rolling home at 3 a.m. said when he bought a ha'penny pipa as a peace offering for his wife, who was sitting up and heat ing a poker to give him a warm reception with. Some of Dr. Barry's own flock have rushed into print to explain that it; was the senseless squabbles between the High Church and Low Church par fcizans here that drove him to resigning his See, and this has again drawn from the poor bad gered Bishop the assertion that the climate o£ Australia doe3 not agree with his wife, and rather than sever his 37-years' marriage ties he has decided to return to England. Not being a Bishop, I cn-nnof; expect to think or talk like a Bishop, but it seems to me that if I were a. Bishop, and I preferred the society of my wife to the performance of my clerical vows, I would have some difficulty in preaching an eloquent sermon on the words of Him who said ' Leave all things and follow Me.' By the way, it was said when Bishop Field ? Flowers Goe arrived iu Melbourne that he, too- would soon want to go back to ' England, home, . and beauty,' but that prediction did not come ofs5 ? as hio Lordship is otill ruler of the spiritual part of | the Cabbage Garden, and seems to enjoy the sifcnp*' tion thoroughly. Field Flower3 -would appear to Tbe quite a daisy in the way o£ humour also, for it will be remembered that the very moment he landed he was told with delightful candour that although he waa very wolcome, still his people never expected to possess such an ecclesiastical treasure again an his predecessor, Dr. Moorhouso, ?was. This cry has been kept up every since, and only the other day a prominent sheep of the Melbourne fold was holding forth on the price less gem Victoria had lost in Bishop Moorhouse -when the gentle Field Flowers chipped in and pleasantly observed, ' Yea, as you say, there are very few Moorhonses in the world ; perhaps only one; certainly not more than three— but I think you must admit that there has been a great deal o£ ' Goe' in the colony since I landed.' And hen his jocular Lordship tripped gaily off, hum ming as he went, ' The flowers that bloom in the Spring, Tra-la,' while the astonished sheep stood horror-stricken at the thought of their Lord Bishop actually making a pun that was bad enough to disgrace even a Christmas pantomime concoctor. For some time past certain fool-headed Fanatics have been pouring letters by the yard into the Daily Telegraph, wanting to know why Catho lics do not go in for teetotalism as strongly as the members o£ other religious denominations do. This reminds me of the fcale told of Cardinal Man ning (one of the most temperate and even ascetic men that ever lived), who ouee undertook to per fluade a rollicking Dublin car-driver to give up moistening his interior with mountain dew, and 'by -way ot strengthening his case the good Car dinal said, 'Look at me; I have taken the pledge and kept it too.' And then the jolly Jehu, with that sparkling humour peculiar to his race, gave a sly look at his adviser and said, ' Je3* so ; but may be yer Irnmiaince naided it—we've all got our own little weaknesses y' know, sir.' Ifl one Or! the TeIiEgeaph's twaddling epistle3 a Mr. J. D. C. complains that 'the Catholic jour nals o£ this city never speak of Protestant tem perance societies except in terms of: ridicule and ; jeering.' This may be so, but if people make laughing-Efcocks o£ themselves and take a delight in parading their ' damphoolishness ' in public, they must expect to be touched up on the raw occasionally. J. D. C. claims that the Protestant temperance societies have done the real work of the day, namely, to direct public opinion fco the evils o£ intemperance, and to bring into existence a temperance public opinion, a moral force that in the near future will become a powerful politi cal one. This is precisely where the Catholic Jour» ttalist's laugh comes in. The man who ?would deliberately sneer at true temperance, or at honest -workers in the cause, must Toe either a consummate a3s or a fiendish scoundrel., and Catholic journalists have no con nection with either of these professions ; but ?when it is Been that the temperance cause is merely used as as a blind in order to further the selfish aims of political parasites and sectarian shicksters, then no ridicule can be too great or no strictures can be too scathing to be employed in exposing such barefaced impostures. Another ignoramus, who sign3 ' F. 0.' (which 13 only half o£ his real name), bitterly laments ec the want o2 energy shown by the Catholic body in the matter of temperance reform.' If this self- 1 complacent driveller had the slightest knowledge of what he waa writing about he would know that not a single Sunday passes without the urgent ne cessity for temperance being advocated from some ,. Catholic pulpit or another in the city ; he would know that there is scarcely a single Catholic church here which has not a Total Abstinence Society connected with it ; and if the truth were known, it would be found that the members of Catholic temperance unions far outnumber \ those 02 any other denomination in the colony. I What ' JO1. O. ' considers energy ig merely | Tallying up Bands oE Hope, Crystal Springs, and' the like on polling days to vote for Brother Oily Gammon, or Uncle A-big-alo ; but Catholics $ sefuse to prostitute a sacred cause in such a scan I dalous manner a3 this, and they confine all their ], ©nergy to the support of true temperauce alone. | ' By' their fruits ye Bhall know them/' and as the I Telegraph mudheads believe in running teinper j(| anoe and politics together, I would ask them to |![ what denomination do the men who have dis' j[ graced out* Senate by acts of intemperance \j belong. When we turn to certain hori. members jjjl of 'other denominations it is safe to say tbat |:i temperance and politics do not mix quite so '! successfully as soda and B, or Highland Blend fj and Hop Bitters. We Catholics are 0. K. It's |J the other side that requires to have its head i'l soalied in ice, and ifcg brainpan calmed down with j| ? bromides. iij ?;?.??? ? ? „ f. Judge Innes once ruled thab there are times | when a certain amount of corporal punishment f! Inflicted by a husband upon his wife is justifiable j f hut unfortunately he forgot to etnte what thoso -'! times were. If such a proceeding is ever excus j|,' able, I think it is when the makings of a first \\- plesg tliauerf p:o ejroijfc by tbg, m&s; \nUu\ ,;f '....?? . '... . neglect, or ignorance of the finest of all fine drfes, viz., cookery. That I am not aloae in this belief seems evident from the story just to hand touching one Koom Sang, the Chinese Professor of a .University, who gave a tip-top banquet to his fellow-professors. His European wife had done the thing to rags, turned the pastry into putty, and the salad into slops, and ines=ed up mat ters in general, all of which caused the learned Fro 'fessor to address her in the strongest Volapuk at his command ; but as the guests were waiting he sat down, whistled ' grace,' and then the company set to and made the best of a bad bargain. When the best dishes were being laid, however, Mr. Koom Sang rose, and bowing gravely to the other professors, said — ''' 'Souse me for a few moments, genelemen. Me go lickee wife, now. Come ba'.;k by'in-by.' That he did ' lick3' her waa evident from the yells that came from the kitchen ; but after ten minutes had been spent in this whole some recreation the Professor returned, smiling as blandly as usual, and said — 'All li, now. Missus takeo mo3 tlouble nex' time, you bet.'' ' Only fancy,' as the ladies say, what an in teresting little episode that would make at a Chri&tinas; banquet in an English home. In spite of Judge Innes' ruling and Professor Koom Sang' 8 spirited example, however, T. don't think it is advisable to ' lickee ' wife on any occasion. It is always more judicious to stand well away and pelt her with the furniture.' Lord Carrington is no doubt a jolly good fellow and all that, but recent events prove that he is very small ' spuds' as a statesman ; and if we trusted to his guidance and support in the time of a great national crisis we would be depending on a very v/eak reed, indeed. In refusing the reprieve re. quest in the case of the wretched woman Collins, he made the unpardonable mistake (for a states man) of explaining his reasons for the refusal. His whole desire seemed to be to shunt the re sponsibility of the affair on to the broad shoulders of the Executive, and it seems very evident that Parkes has bounced him into the belief that he is no more to the colony than a figurehead is to a ship, and in all matters of importance ho must bo a good boy and do as he io told to do by the all-wise Executive Council. When the Mount Eennie youths were cast for death and the Executive had advised his Excel lency to sanction the carrying out of the sentence, Parkes did not hesitate a moment in joining a deputation to request that the Executive's wish might be thrust aside and the Royal prerogative enforced. But Sir Henry was roosting in the cold shade o'i the Opposition then, and that made all the difference. Lord Carrington's other state ment, that, had he known previous to leaving England the duties that would be imposed upon him as Governor, no power on earth would have induced him to come out here, was one of the most injudicious and foolish that ever escaped official lips. In the first place he proved that his idea of a Governor's life was to have a jolly good time, untrammelled by cares of any kind, and in the second place ho exposed the supreme contempt which the Home authorities must have for the welfare of the colonies when they are will ing to pack anyone off as Governor without giv ing him the slightest hint as to what his real duties and responsibilities would be. Governors are simply 'shanghaied' out here, just as sailors are sent io sea, and coming on top of the recent rumpus over the Queensland and South Austra lia appointments, Lord Carrington's truthful but unwise remarks will place another Batlmrst burr in the already sufficiently unpleasant seat of Lord Knutsford. At the morning service at St. Mary's Cathe dral, on Sunday, Cardinal Moran in preaching upon tbe Feast of the Epiphany referred to tbe early days of the Church in Australia by drawing an analogy between that period and the invasion of imperial Rome by the Goths and Hums. He said, in referring to Australia: c' In our own Australia, where the convicts were landed, our missionaries were prohibited. That did not pre vent, however, our priests coming out to ministt r to the poor prisoners. The first devoted mission ary was discovered, and sent back fco England. The Government then, seeing that there were many Catholics in the colony without the minis trations oi: the Church, permitted two or three 1 priests to come to the settlement, and from then dated the freedom the Church has ever since enjoyed in the land.' There passed away last week at the resideuce of hia brother-in-law, Mr. B. M'Conville, an old and respected settler of the Orange district, in the person of James Dawson, farmer, of Oakey Creek, near Cadia This gentleman has been ailing for the last two years, and has been in ex ceedingly trying health for the past two months. The funeral was composed of a long cortege of settlers from various parts of the district, and the rites of burial were conducted by Father Kelly. Mr. Dawson, who waa fifty-three years of ago at the time of his death, had bton a resident of the district for twenty years. He was twice married, and leaves twelve offspring, nearly all of whom are well grown up. His farm at Oakoy Croek is one of the finest in the Orange district It is not, perhaps, generally known that the Magdalene lief uge, at Ternpe, Cook's ftivor, which is mainly supported by the laundry in which the inmates work, is under the management of the Rev. Mother Gertrude, who for many years had charge of the Catholic Orphanage at Parrarnatti, which was abolished somo three years ago by the Government. We understand that on Sunday Mother Gertrude celebrated the 30th anniversary pi hev entey into reli^iouo life. 