FOOTBALL. QUEEN'S BIRTHDAY MATCHES. Maories v. Melbourne Rugby Union.—On the East. Melbourne Cricket Ground, at II o'clock in the morning. South Melbourne v. Essendon.—On the East Melbourne Cricket Ground. Field umpire, J. J. Trait; goal umpires, P. G- M'Shane and J. Rickards. North Melbourne, v. Geelong.—On the Melbourne Cricket Ground. Field umpire, J. Thewlis; goal umpires, R. Turpenny andH. O'Bern. JPort Melbourne v. Vitzroy— On the Fitzroy Cricket Ground. Field umpire, J. Kennedy; goal umpires, E. Barrass and J. Woods. Richmond v. Melbourne.—On the Richmond Cricket Ground. Field umpire, H. Wilson; goal umpires, M, Little and W. Guest. Williamstown v. Tasmania.—On the Williamstown Cricket Ground. Field umpire, J. Shaw; goal umpires, H. Hems and J. Bands. Carlton v. South Ballarat— At Ballarat. Field umpire, F. Franks; goal umpires to be appointed on the ground. St Kilda v. Ballarat.—At Ballarat. Field umpire, P H. Roy; goal umpires to be appointed on the ground. NOTE.—The tbree last-named matches—viz., Williamstown v. Tasmania, Carlton v. South Ballarat and St, Kilda v. Ballarat—do not count for the Premiership; but all the others do. SATURDAY, 25TH MAY. Carlton v. Maories—On the Melbourne Cricket Ground. Field umpire, J. J. Trait; goal umpireB, J. Scott and G. Heron. Oeelong v. Tasmania—On the Corio Cricket Ground, Geelong. Field umpire, F. Franks; goal umpires, E. Fitzgerald and H. Drew. St. Kilda v. South Ballarat—At Ballarat. Field umpire, P. H. Roy; goal umpires to be appointed on the ground. South Melbourne v. JV orth Melbourne—On the South Melbourne Cricket Ground. Field umpire, J. Kennedy ; goal umpires, P. G. M'Shane and T. Moloney. Essendon v. Melbourne—On the East Melbourne Cricket Ground. Field umpire, J. Shaw; goal umpires, H. Hems and R. Turpenny. Fitzroy v. Richmond—OD the Fitzroy Cricket Ground. Fieid umpire, H. Wilson; goal umpireB, W. Guest and J. Rickards. Port Melbourne v. Footscray—On the Port Melbourne Cricket Ground. Field umpire, J. Thewlis; goal umpires, J. Woods and E. Barrass. . NOTE.—The first three matches—viz., Carlton v. Maories, Geelong v. Tasmania and St, Kilda v. South Ballarat—do not count for the Premiership. PERMIT GRANTED.—'TO C. Forbes. THE death is announced, in his 71st year, of Mr. H. E. May, one of the oldest English trainers. He will be best remembered as having trained Little Charlie and Anatis, the former, ridden by the late Fred Archei'B father, having won the Grand National in 1658, and the latter in 1800. CHARLES WOOD, the jockey, thinks there is no absurdity in calling the settlement of bis case with Lord Durham a " compromise," seeing that if the latter could have proved his charges his costs would have been paid for by the plaintiff. As it is, by th6 " compromise " Lord Durham pays his own. Wood concludes his letter as follows:—" I have always been ready and willing to try the question whether I pulled the hoises Lord Durham says I pulled ; but Lord Durham would not meet me on that question alone, and insisted upon giving evidence about my reputation, as was done in my action against Cox, and I could not fight ail the world on that question at a cost of from £200 to £300 aday. I did not make my reputation, as I was never in my life before charged with any dishonest act and no single owner of horses has ever complained to the Stewards of the way I have ridden. So my reputation must have been made by my enemies." THE Maori boys will commence their first Metropolitan contest—that's at the Australian gameon the Melbourne Cricket Ground on Saturday. I went up specially to Maryborough last Thursday to see how they shaped, and was very much astonished to discover at the outset of the game that they didn't know it from shinty. You Bee, seventy-four matches at the Rugby Union game take the starch out of a team " as it were " (Gardiner), and therefore the New Zealauders hadn't the ghost of a show whilst touring Great Britain to do more than get a theoretical smattering of our game by studying the rules under which it is played. Consequently the Maori boys bad but crude ideas of what the game was like until the Maryborough pippins began to make things look a bit unsettled. Then the visitors displayed their wonderful aptitude by not only grasping what was to be done, but doing it in a remarkably skilful manner. Before haiftime the Maryborough representatives—who availed themselves of every opportunity to score—put on three goals; but during the third quarter the Maories came down on them like a thousand of brickB, and completely paralysed them. Joe Warbrick, Maynard, Keogh, Nehua and Ellison were moBt conspicuous; but the whole of the Maories, with one or two exceptions, displayed excellent form, and, ably assisted by an adjutant who I could have sworn I had Been before on tbe Hotham Recreation Reserve in the days of auld lang syne, but who disported himself under the pigeon-Maori name of Takadrinka, succeeded in obtaining an exceedingly meritorious goal, kicked out of a veritable bog-hole by Nehua. Ellison also split the posts fair in the centre, and albeit the goal umpire ruled that it was touched prior to going through, it must have been a desperately close thing, even if it was so. Of course, just after coming off 'board ship after a seven weeks' passage, and wearied out by the expending of u6elesB energy in tbe earlier portion of tbe match, before they grappled the intricacies of the Australian game, it was not to be expected that the Maorilanders could sustain their first fight to tbe bitter end; and so they suffered a far from inglorious defeat by G goals bebinds to 1 goal 3 behindB. AFTER the match I made up my mind—and I wasn't loth to express it either—that the best team didn't win; that if the Maories bad bad even a good scratch match before they tackled tbe Maryborough boys, they must have won. And in writing this I do not wish to detract one iota from the local team—far from it. It had been some thirteen years since I had visited Maryborough before (I hope it won't be thirteen months before |I visit it again), and I found a marvellous improvement in the game as played now compared with then. The bald- beaded fact was conveyed to me by Jack Worrall (a son of the soil, mark you !) that on the previous Saturday they had held the doughty Fitzroyites for three- quarters of the game; and they were exceedingly " cocky " about putting Ballarat through when they met them. • So you will at once perceive they were no mugs to tackle and run over. But for all that I was convinced that physically the Maories were stronger and fleeter men, wanting but a little more educating in the rudiments of the game to play it in itB integrity. A bit of " little marking " practice, and bouncing the ball, indulged in by them—under the watchful eye of Takadrinka—on the Friday made me still firmer in the faith ; and their deeds of dheringdo at Ballarat on the Saturday (where nothing but sheer bad luck lost them the match) convinces me that my deduction was a correct one. YES, dear boys, you will one and all agree with me after you see them play Carlton, that if they knew as much of the game as we do they would be terribly hard nuts for the very best team in Victoria to attempt to crack. " Do I expect to see them defeat Carlton on Saturday ?" Well, I certainly do not; Carlton at present will take some beating by any club—and don't you forget it. But the Maories will make a|thundering big bid lor victory, and I don't care how chilly the afternoon may be on Saturday there will be a terrible smell of man about the jerseys of the Dark Blues before the game is over. I am a Jew else—an 'Ebrew Jew. YES, I was there on Saturday. Six goals to one, as you say. But what's that? "The Vies could have made it 16 to 1 if they had tried?" Oh, could they? Thank you I I wasn't quite seized of that fact. You see I've got rather peculiar ideas about these matters myself. And it Btruck me that if the Vic6. Bad been a bit pushed they mightn't have done so well. There's a wonderful deal of difference in playing a winning game aud a losing one. That isn't to say that Worrall, Moorhouse and Burns wouldn't have shown to so much advantage if the game had been a bit evener; tbey might have done even a bit better than tbey did, but it could only have been a little bit after all. I don t think I ever saw Jack Worrall to better advantage; and I never saw Alf Smith to worse. But for all that there's no moral certainty that the victory could have been any more brilliant than it was. How did the Vies, play together! Spare my days 1 " The whole team worked like one vast machine With its cogs well oiled and its fly-wheel clean." The " Tazzies" proved Die-Hards, too. They had to face the Inevitable ; but they faced it manfully, nevertheless, There is a good sprinkling of youngsters in their ranks, and perhaps in a year or two there will be a fairer field fougbt between the two colonies. Though for the matter of that there will never be a fairer central umpire officiate than Harry Wilson proved himself on Saturday. You are quite right; the horse did lay down in his tracks. It was the last of the six drags, aud I happened to be an inside passenger. Eh ? what's that you say—' Cause and effect?" No, no; I don't think the horse knew I was inside ; though beyond the shadow of a doubt he must have felt that I was. But the driver told us after tbe contretemps that he had a penchant (that's a good word, penchant) for lying down once every day; but that he never did it any oftener. 1 felt kind of solaced when he told us that; but still I had the calm of a chilling doubt that the quadruped might rise to the fact that "the better the day the better the deed," and play it two times twice on us. But he didn't; and, after all, if we did nearly go over the precipice, tbe Emersonian theory once more asserted itself that " out of evil cometh good," for the delay allowed tbe man in blue to perambulate further along bis beat, and at least one of the party to prove to demonstration that he WEB a boweney-fide traveller. THEKE were 102 of us altogether when we deployed on to Rose Hill. Skinner was there before us with the funereal baked meats. One of the turkeys had a very funereal flavour—that is to say, a very ancient, if not fish-like, smell. But they did all eat and were filled, albeit there were not left of the fragments many baBketsful. I sat down along with a couple of other Pressmen—if you-hit one the other will turn out a white man—in the vicinity of Thomas Peter and the Pedagogue. It must have been a nipping and an eager air coming out, for a couple of turkeys and the same number of ox-tongues were like unto the baseless fabric of a dream when the five of UB had done experimenting on them. Then the Hon. Secretary got up in his Number Nines and, doffing his Ralph the Rover fore-and-aft-head-gear, proposed the health of "The Visitors " from the tight little island, coupled with the name of their manager, a hale and hearty man. That oast was heartily drank (so bad a bottle of beer been that I was keeping as a special corps-de-reserve), and after the compliment bad been returned to the Victorians the toast of the representatives of that Archimedean lever that could lift tbe earth—that's tbe "Press"—was duly honoured. However tbe Fat Man got up in his tracks without the use of an Archimedean lever—and a big one, too, at that—deponent knoweth not; but after divers arid diverse wrigglings be managed to do so, and after thanking tbe company for their kindness, and assuring the V.F.A. that tbey could always reckon on the patronage of the Press so long as there were any free feeds floating round, the majority of the company displayed marked efficiency in projecting at each other some of the usual impedimenta connected with a dairy farm. Then an adjournment w«s made to the favm-house itself, and there the consumption of cow-juice was something phenomenal. However Demetrius and his Fat Friend safely negotiated those huge flagons must ever remain a mystery; for without the slightest exaggeration the pair of tbem " swelled wisibly before tbe werry eyes " of tbe assembled company. Songs, recitations and lively quip and jeBt (and you can bet your boots there e plenty of the latter commodity when AngUB Evans, Fred James and Archie Graham are on tbe war-patb) filled up a moBt enjoyable afternoon, the party getting on to the back track about half-past five o'clock, but not without fortifying themselves against possible attacks of colic (induced by a too free scoffage of milk) by modeBt quenchers of Usher's disinfecting fluid—or as Wally Donaldson describes it " neck oil " (for inward application only). The return journey was only remarkable from the fact that the Fat Man's Deep Sagacity in getting inside of bis drag, where he became available ae shifting ballast, was brought into certain prominence on one occasion when tbe driver took it into bis bead to drive over a stump of a tree some eighteen inches out of tbe ground. It was a narrow squeak,but the natural obesity of the F. M„ bached up by the magnificent square meal he had put away at dinner, averted the threatened disaster. Tbe Palace Hotel, Bourke-street, was safely reached at last; but when they got there the cupboard was bare, and had it not beet} for the persistency of Mark Evans five good men and true of my acquaintance when they asked for bread might have had to be satisfied with a stone. POSITIONS OF THE SENIOR CLUBS TO DATE. Name of Ciub. m . Won. | Lost. • 'P t fi a c5 •c ie 15 SS < 1 o 03 [ Goals Los 1 | Obtaine Points &B; II North Melbourne 3 3 17 7 12 12 4 000 South Melbourne 2 2 18 5 8 8 4 000 Efseudon g 2 14 4 8 8 4-000 Port Melbourne 3 2 "i 9 G 12 10 3-33 : Geelong 2 1 1 13 7 g 4 2-000 Carlton 2 1 1 8 5 8 4 2-000 St. Kilda g 1 1 9 !) 8 4 2 000 Melbourne 3 1 o G 18 12 4 1-333 Williamstown 3 2 "i 5 12 12 2 U'GIG Fitzroy 1 1 2 G 4 Richmond 2 2 5 20 h Footscray 3 3 ... 7 13 12 * Carried out to the Third Decimal Decree. LAST Saturday's Standard made a great display of football in its fourth edition, and reported the Intercolonial Match with a minuteness of detail tbatmuBt have satisfied the most maddened votary of cu r national game. It may interest enthusiasts to know that in tbe above report Burns' name was mentioned 27 times and Worrall's 2G times. Windley came next, with Moorhouse, M'Kechnie, Page, O'Connor and Stiffe lying around promiscuous like. IT is curious to note that amoDg the sixteen oarsmen composing the Oxford and Cambridge crews eight of the young champions are Colonials. Australia claims most of these, and it is said that of colonial chickens come back to the old farmyard there are at present not less than one hundred and fifty in the University of Cambridge alone. MR. JAMES MADIGAN, who is a prominent member of the Carlton Bicycle Club, was made tbe recipient of several handsome trophies tbe other evening, which that gentleman has succeeded in winning during tbe past season. The presentation took place at a social held in the Carlton Hall; Cr. Geddes, J.P., presided. The trophies were a magnificent massive diamond locket, for one mile race, won at Fernside Sports; a handsome gold medal, for winning road race Melbourne to Keilor and back; and a gold monogram. Mr.Madigan received quite an ovation, which the gentleman's well-known popularity fully warranted. THE much-talked-of Peakes, of Sydney, boxed 'Lijah Jackson eight rounds on Saturday night at tbe Apollo Athletic Hall, and the display was interesting without being gory. Both lads are highly scientific, and neither could do the other much damage. This is a sort of boxing that may be witnessed with interest by all but tbe excessively bloodthirsty, and should be encouraged. Among the preliminary bouts was one between a new chum and a local man, which only lasted about two minutes, aud must have made the newcomer wonder why he ever emigrated. This is a glorious country for the working-man, no doubt, but he's got to work if ho wants to get on—as a fighter at least. On Saturday next Dummy Mace and Dick Corbett do eight rounds, and tbe match is hardly likely to lack vigour. WHILST the " Echoist" of the Manchester Sporting Chronicle sums the Americana up in the following terse style :—" Sweet are the uses of advertisement 1 The baseball players, who debut to-morrow at the Oval, are being advertised like a second- hand melodramatic companv. One gigantic pictorial poster reveals President Cleveland bidding the baseball team adoo. Another shows one of the players ' eliding ' for the home base, leaving in his wake a cloud of dust like an express train. A third is perhaps most characteristic of the polished, incurious and unassuming Yank. It represents Anson, tbe captain of tbe American team, with his club, standing between the two hemispheres 1 All this smacks of the ' penny plain and twopence coloured Bhow.' There will be a tremendous crowd, for all that, To see each Yank The baseball spank, And merrily skip tbe bases; And the dollars scoop, Quite cock-a-hoop, And smile all over their faces." OLYMPUS. To CURE SKIN DISEASES.—£ulpboline lotion drives away all Eruptions, Pimples, Blotches, Redness, and Lisfipuumi lite, leaving a clear, spotless skin—Eottles. Scld everyuhere. 