THE OLD MAN'S WATCH. Mischief was in little Tom's eye—mia shief in his hand. Wherever ho went something happened. Tho cream was spilt in the pantry, tho jelly jars overset, mamma's vases broken, grandpa's caps tied upon old Carlo's head and tin pans to tho cat's tail. Tho prettiest flowers wero torn up by tho roots, tho only rose plucked. The morning paper made iuto a kite and valuables generally demolished or ruined. Yet Tom was tho pot of tho house, and was never scolded for his worst tricks and capers. if lie had been, perhaps that which came to pass at last would never have occurred. Forliaps old Grandpa Orchard, going into his room one day, would not have found his wondorful watch—costly, elegant, and precious as a keepsake - being neatly picked to pieces by master Tom. That was too much to bear. Tom's ears wero boxed to begin with, and declared that whatever happened Tom must be punished at last. "I supposo he must," sobbed Tom's mother, who had been Fanny Orchard i before her marriage, and venerated both her father and his watch. " But wo can't whip the boy." "No,"said papa. " Some other moans must be devised." " Shut him in a closot," said grandpa. " Oh 1" cried ma. Then acquiescing— " I suppose it must he done, poor child." And Tom was shut in a dark closot. Now, a sound whipping would have dono the child good. But Tom was a superstitious child, and dreaded tho dark most woefully. The ghost ho had always expected to see came to him probably in that murky closet, for at the end of an hour he was taken out in a lit, caused by his terror. It was a terrible time for that little household. Tom was put to bed and a doctor sont for. Grandfather Orchard shut himself up in his room and wept, and his daughter almost hated him. For his sake sho had punished Tom, and this was tho end. Alas ! worse was to como. Tho little head never lifted from tho pillow. It was certain to liavo happonod sometime, tho doctor said. Tho child could not havo lived to grow up, but was dy iug. In a week ho was dead, and tho mother aud father in their self-re proach heaped double reproaches on tho old man, who boro them all in silence. All the reproaches wero of no avail, howovor. Tlio littlo creaturo lay in liis coffin, and Grandfather Orchard was to leave his daughter's homo the day aftor tho funeral. It was midnight. The mother sat alono in the room with her dead child. It was not very light, and the curtains of the window dropped ovor her. To ono entering the room would have seemed empty. Some one did enter on tip-toe. The weeping woman did look. It was her father. His face was wet with tears. In his hand ho carried somothing glitter ing in the feeble rays of the lamp on the mantel. He bent over the coffin. " Grandpa's Tommy," |ho moaned with his feeble old voice. " Oh, my pretty child. My pretty, murdered child ! I'll bo the nest—I'll be the next, I hope 1 But 1 never thought to see this sight 1" Then ho seemed to move tho little form —to ba busy about it somehow. Tho mother stepped forward and looked unseen. Tho old man had lifted up the head of the dead child, and beneath tho little lace-trimmed pillow was hiding away his watch. Tho watch now in order again, as before tho child's fingers had been busy with it. The only thing of valua tho poor old man possessed. Tho mother saw, and was softened. Sho came oloser to the old man, and called him by the familiar name. " Father—dear father 1" Then sho laid her head upon his breast, weeping, and tho two were reconciled. But sho made no ellort to prevent tho accomplishment of tho old man's wish, and the watch, which had been the cause of tho child's death, if any earthly thing were actually the cause of it, was buried with him. 