J SÙ^OMÎN'ME^SÀ^ 11 fit. David's schoolroom, was crowded, p i 30th alt to hear an address by Bishop, Bel wy i (Bishop of Melanesia) on the-P)issigtis under - hjaipharge. Lady, Hamilton, with Lady ' Griffith, waspresent.^nd on the plate in addition to Bishop Selwyn were thciVei Archdeacon. Hales, administrator, of, the. diocese (in the chair), the Bishop of Dunedin, and Dean Cox. The Revs. Dean, Dundas, Archdeacon Mason, Canons Archer an 1 Dicker, and Revs G. W. Shoobridge, G A, Breguet, L. Tarleton and others were present , , ThoCiiMitMAN gave out a hymn which was sung by those present, and the Rev. Dean DUNDAS engaged in prayer, after which ArchdeaconHALEtlntroduccd Bishop Selwyn in a few well chosen words., The, visitor, who was received with applause,, said the first thing he had to do was to apologise for not having before visited Hobart, but under the peculiar circumstances of the mission, which was supported by so many different dioceses, and so many different countries, it was exceedingly difficult for a bishop to visit all and tell of his work. If he visited all. would not have so much work to tell of, therefore he tried to do the work, and hoped some day to come to them and tell the story of it. By, means of a map be then pointed out the geographical position of the islands, comprised to the generic term, of, Melanesia, , lying about a 1,000 miles from the east coast of Australia, or rather Queensland, i Xhe | islands were well known, as, though there were only two mission vessels visiting them, there were any number of labour vessels engaged in seeking labourers for Queensland, FIJI, and even Honolulu. The missionaries were confronted in the islands with very great initial difficulties, the islands themselves were thickly scattered over the ocean, as though they had been sown there grains pepper castor, and the language was different in each. Not only was this the case, but he instanced an island, pointing out its position on the map, where the natives of, queenly lago spoke a language entirely different, not only. in its vocabulary, but also; in its grammatical construction, from the natives of, another four miles away) Dr. (Boddington,, who had, laboured very long in the mission, had, tried, to trace out the languages and he found, traces, in them of Malay, ago even of, Malagasy, and he him self believed more would be known about some of them when more was known abortive languages of the hill, tribes of India Java She, diversify of languages '-Lt "'' to the question of belief, is, great deal, of the diversity that, existed there sprung' from the sea '* ' ' ' not in the sense in which Christians, believed in one' it'waSnot'an-ofije'dfof worships, th a long worshipped was tHe ghost of Uti atheists or mighty chief, the." reason' being whether the object of worship was' able! to protect , them in life he was able to do ' hereafter" He 'deaths. India 'island' of'OToridaf'wHei them in life 'death. ' In, .... _ ..,_r, ....... 'CliHsMidlty was embraced there, 'tne"Gfad 'came' into the *na#ket''in 'the' shUpe''o 'paddies.'1'rings',"and filmy'' little "should; StataeBjUll of which Hid beeh'Batírcd'trba sures In days' gone' by it was nbt'nce*saar: that the objecfworshipped Should be of very; great antiquity, to 'Wog as He' 'wlis"a'g<ea 'mob' that was sufficient. 'latest 'ghosts spirits Were sömitiihwloi 'Cut out fire in the island of" San Cristobal, in chieftain 'was About to engage in a'h¿tít"with 'little 'one he took into cimstdefotibrt"thc weigh Of his tutelary deity as compared' with the of his enemy, and if the power of the latter; took nearly apprdrlmatod to' that 'of the former a' hiring was made fronts third party ao'thatttie'oombintM power of the'tWotnlgli be SUfficient' to' overcome that all she' one Only those who had'"witnessed"!tis effects could have any idea of the tyranny of 'spirit worship, people were'afraid'df extend their own spirits, and all' wheedle Was told heir tag'' on this, the marriage oustbthB 'every ashfold. "'A young 'man wishing to marry had to pay "'off' the hall" for his wif#,''tx recompense her father for the loss of her services, had an amusing anecdote was sold ¡of''a''Wtive teacher' who proposed fires daughter of 'a''chief.''!'The ('young lady 'belonged the branch of the same family's the swain and the chief fined him half 'of what he "was worth effort seeking at marry blood relations The Then" fire this affections"' on' another daughter; the same chief 'lby"iinbtHer"i'wif0,> and the priceasked'for the' damsel was' so high that the young man oouhtnotUay it, cause quently the paternal i'ohieftahi>'dgalH fined him '!in'-''the "half of his goods for his 'presumption Passing 'on' Bishop'8elwyt spoke of the work performed among the islands, and said the plan of-work was 'vin butch the same as ><jhkt' initiated by his father, the late Bishop Selwyn By reaching a common language thThe schools." The main school wasn't Norfolk Island; when they had purchased a tract of land,'and'heh the boys'' were taught the language of the island of "Mota, The'young,'men'wen brought thither,) and very often 'they brought their intended wives with them, The young < ladies J ''lived with "tin married teachers, and were taught house keeping, while the young men were being taught in the school. The young men well not taken to church at first, but were allowed to please themselves as to where they went thither, and the same was done respecting their baptism' and confirmation, 'No means of coercion were used, but the force of example was a moving force and the young lads invariably wished to learn to pray to be baptised. Before they left the school to return to their own people they were married, and when they re turned home they taught their fellow villagers. a description of the church erected at Norfolk Island to the memory of Bishop Patterson was given, and touching incidents were related of how the returned scholars tried their best to imitate it in the places of worship at home. 'Theaviragej number of baptisms per 'annum for the but five years had been 800, and there were 600 children in the schools established in one island, of whom about 60 per cent could read. - Some statistics were given of the, various schools < among other Islands, and) an, appeal n was made ; at. the . close; for hslpl'taii'oarrytaglon themlssloo^ The address, which was more, in the 1 nature of a conversation than of a set lecture was very interesting, and though it occupied meet an hour and a half in delivering, , there were no signs of weariness among the audience. The Bishop of Dunedin also spoke on the missionary spirit, and urged on those present not to let it grow cold or die out The meeting closed with the ringing of a hymn, and the pronouncing of the benediction. 