.The Autograph , $lb,upT. ,6f a Jubilee, Singer. " BYSSrNbARO'j ; 5:5 ' No! yill. ,, , Tho noxt autograph'in.tho.'L'oudin.Al is that of 0110 who signs himself .as: folk — " J. A. Gariiold, Ghantiuqua, Augut 1880." It is the namp i one who; aboyt his compeers, oavnod the: love,-, adm tion, and rospoot not only of bis own nat but of tho wholo of the 5 civilised w beside. Like the Chevalier Bayard, ho a man "suns pear el sans rejiroche John Knox he "knew not what it wi fear tho face of man," . Hko Gust: Adolpluis ho loved his God first, and country next, aud moulded his conduct t this jiriueixilo j like Mosos lie was a limn w "..-'iu, 1..-, 1 nq.it was found, being based upon a keen roalisntic the inherent imporfuotion of huma against tlio " background of divinoxiorfoot Over against his uamo.ho rocords the fo iug sentiment which, is truly " tyi: of tlio man : " It has beon said that hf writes tho songs of a people is greator, lie who makes thoir lnws.: After lib tho singing of tho Jubileo choir. to-nij am pursuatiou tliat tho spirit of their will end in tlio final trinuiph of liberty I Americans." .And- it was- iu- scekil compass tho downfall of iib hidcons a s of bribery and corruption as evor-dis" tho Stato inacliinery . of any, , ir that President Garfield mot1! death nt the hands of the ' warts." , His. death was :ti'Uly, of a. martyr, sineo ' ho. died 1 'that might live. Uxion the -.same/ page.';5 autograph of his successor, "Clios Arthur," who dates his signature "Fri 20, 1882." Called'.upon at a critical jri most unoxpootedly. to stop from th1 pnrativoly obscure, position of Vice-pr! into the full iiorco light that boats -nj President's chair as dazzling- as 5 ui monarch's throne, he,- nevertheless liimsolf in tho stntioii to iwliich'ho ws with a dignity and- an ability -w| possession of -which ho5 had scarce creditod. During his administrat! Civil Service Reform ' Act was - pa- whioh mqiointmonts to clerkships: ill subordinate ofllcos in th'o State 'won as the result of oouipetitive bxan x llO OftOfifc flf f.lllQ O Yrtrtl I au f. ittnnfiitnA 1 respects liko' the: Civil Service M boforo our Queensland Parliament, j to-day in tho iuq) roved olficioncy Hnited States Civil ' SOrvieo, < wh boing a perfect- Angean Stable, 'f has boon largely purified. ' Then comes nn autograph second iu tho book for political intorest, '1 1 follows: "Aloxandor - Hamilton ; National Hotol, Washington; li 1880— a testimony to tlio 1 wort' Jubileo Singers." This individu a large part in tlio history-makij world. His outstanding abilities q confederate sympathies led him ijuiuouu vice-x'rosuionc ot tno aout) foderacy in 1861. Towards tlio 0 war ho was arrostod at his roj Georgia, and was confined at Fort U Boston. But Ills imprisonment,' could be called, was vory brief, I roleasad upon liis own parolo. j had boon daelarod and5 tho Soritl ' woro once' iroro within the pri Union, Mr. Stephens was return! years ns rexiresontativo to Cc Georgia, and was vory instr bringing about a hotter feoli: the Northern States, by those in Next fallows a name knowri : as that of a man| ominoiit 'fOr I10 was renowned for his learui mass; Hall, Hnmpstond, Jan fascinates tho attontion of l-oa Bides of tho Atlantic 'for his ri mote unity and haruiony betij gi-eat natioiis. His labors in' cou a memorial to - Prosidont ii warmly npproeiated by nil Ail did much td effaoo the sorencj tho North, with l-eforeuco to assumed by Great Britain I Federal party. Tho Rev. Mr wards of 30 years boforo liis <1 of tho most earnest advocq abstinenco that England has him succoods tho naino a very divine, " Androw Bonar, D.D.j 1885\. Famous as n foroibl pulxiit orator, ho is evon 11101 tho oldost of " three Bonarl 4-l.x- — .1 J? 1 OOrt' tuuy wuru c.muu, lrum fo-1 Auilrow, Uoratius, ay1'' | oi-iiamont of tho tvu/ 1 who is tho sweeten j Cowpor — Dr. lloratuX j woro also oelohrateiA ' "A ' — — ' 7 ,, , , jod designated by their enemies, wmeli > in Edinburgh University from 18-B t5yn0) in which James Hnlloy, ltoborb . Dr. George Smoatou, recently / ,)r0: and Dr. Thomas Smith ri!'ologian ininout members. Another „ a also subscribes to tlio Londiu Aj ,1 iiliiloo, testimony to the valuo ot.L. Cnyhir, Singors' work, viz., " Ihnoik i;si ihsO." Lafayotte Avonuo OUurch, (q1Q words, After hia .siguaturo he apX's Singors," " Heavon is vocal witl\ia\ referouoe to : causing them to liavo a Jgers, Tlioro is l.tho work of tlio Jubilq\fc day who eoni- ...nothoologian of tho Vi iuteusoly poetic ihinoB tlio fnli riohnesftc'il snbtilty of u , ..'.nature with ail tlijho oraugo of motn- mind that has such it nil that assist. , . physics, and takomu-o from tho assaults . ihim in dofoudiug 1 bohovo either 111 its ri'.-..,ot, these who dinuiiiencss. Tho. labors .authenticity or/. Thoodoro Cuyler aro of -BUoh men ghost and tho noblest .: worthy of t' admiration. ,00 Continued.) ... 