THE REPROACH OF ANNESLEY.. BY MAXWELL GRAY, Author of "The Silence of Dean Mait- land," &c.; PART vir. CHAPTER Il.-CONTINDKD. Captain M'llvrny, being just then under orders to go to India, bad little time to spend on other people's affairs, uod ho did not feel called upon to prevent Paul Annealcy'H virtnul suicide. The money therefore safely with a letter to Paul in which MHWray ventured upon n brief remonstrance with him. Thus, with Mrs. Auncsley'a diamonds and a valuable ring intended for Alice, Paul was in possession of over a thousand pounds, sufficient to keep him from waut. Ilo spent many weeks of acute pain and heavy sickness in the Jittlo clean bare guest chamber of the presbytery, seeing nothing but the sky through the white-curiatncd window, the crucilix in black and ivory on the whito wall, the wood lira crackling on the hearth, and four figures which changed and melted Into one another liko figures in a dream ; the doctor feeling his pulse aud talking in a low voice, but not to him ; Franeoiso in her white cap and Babots, and a kiud of phantom Framjoiso with a different noc and stouter figure, who proved to be Pauline, her married sister; and the cure, clad in a rusty black cassock, with his grey locks beneath bis skull- cap. Tbo latter knelt b) his bedsido by the hour, praying aloud in alow monotonous voice, very soothing to the patient, who looked at him with the long wondering gnze with which an infant's eyes follow its mother's movements. The women also varied their ministrations, especially at night, by telling their beads aloud ; but their prayers sounded more business - like than the father's and it became a sort of occupation to the Eatient to speculate upon the slipping of the ends through their fingers in a given time. Wbon be was able ut lust to sit up, propped with cushions, at the open window it was warm, still October weather and the country was full of tbo cheery sounds of the vintage. He could see the vintagers at work on thoMinny slopes- men, women aud children alt bnsy and happy, staging and laughing from morning till nigbt. The curt\ with his cassock tucked up, was busy in his own little vineyard ; Frangoiae, with the French women are capable, was out gathering and carrying great baskets of ripe grapes, the choicest clusters of which found their way to the sick room. Paul, in his languor, thought he would like to live thin peaceful life for ever. Yet Father Andrd found time to read to his patient and talk to biua, and by some mysteri ous process, aided by one or two broken hints from the evidently suffering man, discovered much of what was passing in his mind. Paul, sundered by the strange mental experience of sickness, in which weeks have the effect of years, from his past life and all its affec tions, and feeling born again into a dif ferent world, clung to his gentle host with the dependent rovorent affection of a child ; the priest on his part loved the younger man, as only those cut oft from natural ties can love strangers, and the two looked at each other often in silent momenta, wondering at tbo bond which was being formed between them and at the experiences which had brought each to that rcmoto village presbytery so far from the origioal sphere of either. Thus the cure's conversation, which was more interesting aud leas tiring to his patient than reading, gradually became of a more personal nature and full of anecdotes. "It seems, Monsieur, that you were not bred a priest ?" Paul said one day, after one of these narrations. "It is true," ho replied, looking quickly up and then clown again ; " would you like to know why I left the world, or would it be tire some to listen ?" Paul replied that it would interest him above all things. " Because," observed If. Andrd, taking a pinch of snuff and seating himself on a stone near the patient's chair, which wan placed in a suuny sheltered nook in the garden, " t have some times permitted myself the liberty of thinking that a sorrow like iniuc may have befallen you. Pardon me if I am mistaken." His name, he continued, was Aruiaud de Pontigny, a name of historic fame, a9 Paul knew. His education was not austere, though a Catholic, he looked upon religion merely as a thing it was arnoug the family traditions to respect. His youth was as gay as rank, wealth, good looks and good health could make it iu the gayest city of the world ; but, though devoted to pleasure he was not vicious, he only wished to be thought no. He became assiduous in his attentions to the wife of a friend. He did not lovo her, he did not think that she loved him, but tbo vanity of each was gratified by the iuea of a conquest over the other. The husband was unsuspicious, until one day when somo report reached his ears. That night De Fontiguy met the lady at a masked ball. It was carnival time : the now suspicious husbaud. was there also, aud followed them about masked, until liu had no doubt of their identity. Theu he shot the lady dead. Tbifl shot, as he learnt during the official in quiry upon the death, was intended for her sup posed lover. 8he fell at De Fontigny's feet, his face aod. clothing were splashed with her blood. A uecoud shot followed — the man had turned "his weapon upon himself. De Fontigny sttjod among the inasqueraders in tbo brilliance of the ballroom, his ears ringing with the gay dance music uud the sound of the two s'aots, motionless with horror, while the dancing broke up in wild tumult and the blood of his two victims stained the parquet. Father Audio paused, trembled, aud v/ith an apology left his guest. He did not conclude his narrative till next day, when ho r/poko of hio misery and remorse, his disgust vfith follies which had resulted in such tragedy, 'his ilight to the cloister, and in calm roun/i -of prayer and toil, which, though it at ftret soothed him, did not suffice hiui. lie longed for activity and usefulness, and after having bnsu sent out on one or two occasions to take/the nlacc of some sick parish priest, was appointed to this little parish of Kdnay, where, asj'paul saw, his life was a course of labor, praye&Tand; service to his parishioners, of whom lie was truly the father. " Aud have you found happiness ?" his listener asked, at the close of t Aic narrative. "Hot happiness, my dear son ; that is not of this world, but healing and j/eaco." Paul looked up with moist eyes at the lined and pensive face before him, uud his decision was taken. Ho told his kind frii?md his whole history from beginning to end and added his deter mination to enter the rei.tgi.cms life. Father Andre listened with aympathy, and advised him to pauso and consider well before lie entered a lifo foe winch he might have no vocntion Ho remind ,d him that as yet he was not even a Catholic. But Paul's reaolvrtioti was taken with tho fiery intensity of 'nis nature. The constant sight of thecrueifir: during his days and nights of agouy had counwled uud strengthened him, as that nugn9t sigh t always docs ; it had further wrought with the morbid tendency in separable from couibiucd physical and mental misery: to produce in him the strange religion, which Carlyle piofessed, but like the w /ndbag he was, did not practise, and named thr \Torship of Sorrow. Like Fathcx Audrd, Paul felt that joy was impossible tc» «ouo whoso past was so criminal, nothing wa« "loft for him but paiu ; ho now rushed into, 'the extreme of aclf-mortifkatiou. He rcmaftattl houio months at the presby tery. u'util he was quite recovered, sharing a a Qar as a layman could the occupa tions of hi.<v host, liking the peaceful life for which he (kit himself unworthy, aud instructed and cu rbec'l by hi spiritual father, who at last resigned him to the community with whom his uovicifitrj was to be passed, not without regret and fcorp heart- searching. Tlie- lire which had burnt so fiercely on the altar of huinau love( now blazed with stronger fervor at a loftier shrine, and for a yea? or two Brother Subustiuu passed through a vtnunge and cxcitiug phase of spiritual expe rience ; hia austerities produced their natural WBnlt— visions' and ecatucies— -all the strange tumult of over-wrought religious fcelinir, 'Tightened and ennobled by tho golden thread 'off puro and nudetilcd religion which ran .jSirougU It all, and which runs through ; so many strange aud mysterious human vaga- ' rien. Bo entirely had ho broken with bis . former life, that it seemed sometimes to tho fervid Friar Sebastian as if Paul Anucsley were the phantom of some half-forgotton dream, and the poople ho had known and loved fancies as insubstantial. Eveu tho mother ho had so truly loved, iu spite of the misery .1.. ti>. ..la lit Vita lininn fnrled away. A Madonna in the convent-chanel with a look of Alice attracted him strongly, and sometimes set him dreaming of those far-off phantoms, and then he saw Alice married happily to Kdwnrd and forgetful of the trouble he had cast upon hor youth and his heart ached for tho mother who mourned him as dead. But not for long; such thoughts were driven away, if not by gentler means by kuottod cords. Brother Sebastian had only once travelled far from the Domlniciun Convent in which he had takeu refugo from the storm of life, before he was sent to serve tho church in which Edward Annealey saw him during the temporary disa bility of the cure, and on that first occasion the brief encounter by the Lake of Geneva occurred. Edward looked upon that first meeting as the illusion of a mind overstrained by the perpetual thought of a man whose death he had caused. That brief vision was nmdo moro ghost-like and unreal by the fact thus Sebastian had put off his friar's black cloak and hood, and was wear ing only tho white tunic and scapular wbon ho passed Edward; when lie «W him, by immediately putting on the Mack mantle and liood, ha became incon spicuous, ami thus vanished more effectually than he could huvo dene had his dress remained white. To be continued. 