NOTES AND COMMENTS. Bt The Kekveluax. Tbe meeting of tbe V. P. and D. Society, to wbich reference was made last week, duly took place, at tbe Apollo-ball, last Monday evening, and resulted in tbe adoption of a resolution, by a large majority, that tbe mem ber complained of ought not to remain any longer a member of tbe eociety. Tbe facte of the case may be Bammed up in a very lew tinea. The member complained of, who was also a member of the committee, obtained a special prize of £5 5a. from a gentleman who for many yean baa been a steady supporter of the society. The prize was allotted to a class in which tbe member com plained against is a regular exhibitor, ma ior several years a similar prize bas been won by him. This year, however, another izhibitor won the prize, and a few days after {he show was over the winner was requested by the member complained of to attend at bis office and receive the pup which repre sented the special. The winner attended and received a cup, with the appearance of which be was greatly dissatisfied. He feubiAUted it to an expert, who valued it at £1 IDs. He then called at the office of the donor, , whose clerk ,n formed him that- the donor had not E'ren a cup at ail, but had given a-cheque r £6 5s. to a person who * had" called (or it. This person turned ont ^to be the member complained against, .The. winner then saw the. secretary of the society, and was requested to attend before the commit tee, which be did, and stated the facta ot the ease in the presence*of the member impli cated. Upon being c&lled; upon for "an ex planation, the accused member admitted that he had received the cheque from the donor, and stated that the cup had been pur chased iff s friend with the money. IJoon being questioned, however, he refused to give iiic u.inie of his friend or to state where (lie cup lnui been purchased. The commit tee then called upon him to refund ihe money lie had received from the donor ol the priz<\ and they retained the cup to have it valued by three experts. The re6ult was that the highest value placed on the cup was £2 10s., and the lowest £2 2s. A further effort having been made to induce the accused member to make an explicit statement on the suhjec*, bat without avail, the committee, in accordance with Uule 34, resolved to call a special general meeting to deal with the matter, with the result already 6tated. It may lie mentioned that at the meeting another effort was made to induce the accused member to offer some explanation which could be ac crpted as satistactory, but he persistently re fused to do so. I here was a large attendance of members, who appeared to regard the matter as a most paintul one. It was men tioned that no previous occurrence of the kind had taken place throughout the existence of the society. I bear from the energetic secretary of the ' forthcoming Sandhurst show (Mr. Marks) that he has received no less than 39 entries ot Melbourne dogs, and that the total number of entries is 222. This is remarkably good for a country show, being close up to the num ber exhibited at the last Sydney show. The Melbourne exhibits include a large contingent j ot fox-terrier cracks, Mr. W. Beilby, Mr. J. I W. Siddeley, Mr. Hoi croft, Messrs. Greigand Wright. Mr. King, and others having entered eome of their best dogs, Mr. F. W. Haddon sends Gordon setters, Mr. John Robertson Dandy Dinmonts, Mr. J. C. Anderson St Bernards, and Mr. Harrap bulldogs, and this by no means exhausta the list Everyone will wish success to this well-conducted show, which takes place on Wednesdav'and Thursday next week. A correspondent informs me that at the | late Royal Agricultural Show, in Adelaide, Mr. Williams's Young Bruce was placed over Mr. C. Edgcumbe's imported dog St Leonard in the St Bernard class. Whoever judged must have very little knowledge of a St Bernard, as Mr. Edgcumbe's dog ia a very good specimen of the breed, whereas Young Bruce can scarcely claim to be a middling i one. I was pleased to 6ee Mr. Peroell, of j Sydney, was successful in winning first and : second prize at their agricultural show, with the two St Bernards he purchased from Mr. James Anderson, at the V. P. andD. Society's . Exhibition. On the 20th instant Mr. Harrap'e bull bitch Jubilee Mercy visited Mr. Syme's Rocket, and tbe same gentleman's Jubilee visited Mr. Dombrain's Pirate on the 22nd instant Mr. Jenkins, whose letter appears else where, is wrong in supposing that I made a special selection of tbe shows named. I merely quoted them as having all taken place within one week. If the paragraph was amusing, his letter cannot fail to be more so, us he ap pears to imagine that the merits of dog 6howe in the old country can be measured by the numbers of the population of the town in which they are held. I find that at one of the shows mentioned last week— namely, Ingleton (which for bis special in formation I may inform him is in Yorkshire) —there were upwards of 300 entries, com prising exhibits from many of the leading breeders in the United Kingdom : and 1 venture to say that a collection of 300 dogs in England wonld be much more difficult to I judge than twice the number at any local1 ' show, as the good specimens are in far greater [ ! proportion to the bad ones than is the case ! at any of our shows, where it is usual to find j a fair specimen or two, and tbe reet nowhere. However, if Mr. Jenkins requires a list of ] places with a large number of inhabitants [ where single judging has taken place, I can give him a few—namely, Doncaster, 23,000 inhabitants, Mr. Armstrong sole judge; I Coventry, 41,000 inhabitants, Mr. L. P. Q j Astiey all classes, except collies; Barnsley, ; 25,000 inhabitants, Mr. Geo. Hellewell all j classes; iKoyal Manchester, Liverpool, and j North Lancashire Show, at Manchester, j 378,164 inhabitants, Mr. W. M'AdamGraham } all classes, except collies. There is, how ever, a much stronger reason in favour ! ot adopting the system in the colonies j than exists at home, viz., tbe paucity I of men who are competent to undertake the onerous duties. It is next to impossible to find any number of judges who have sufficient experience to make awards any way near the mark. This is exemplified by the fact that there is to be found in tbe books of tbe V.P. and D. Society the names of a number of mongrels chronicled as champions of breeds they have little or no claim to represent—a state of things that would never have occurred if the judging had been in the hands of one or two experts, instead of being entrusted to enthusiastic amateurs, whose j sole knowledge of tbe varieties they judged consisted of a smattering of information: gleaned from the books of different writera j It was undoubtedly these facts that led tbe leading exhibitors to nominate one judge at! the late show. I An impression appears to have got abroad | that the committee aDDointed the indue. whereas the fact is be was nominated and seconded by breeders and exhibitors of the different varieties, and duly elected tor each variety separately,'at the general meeting of the society called for that purpose. ' Mr. Gaisford's letter goes far to prove the idea previously expressed was correct, and be now plainly sets his own interpretation of Mr. Vero Shaw's Book of the Dog against that of the judge at the late show. Seeing that Mr. Coupe (the judge in question) was not only personally acquainted witb Mr. Vero Shaw, but on many occasions present at shows where that gentleman was judging in different parts of England, and observed the type of dog to which Mr. Sbaw awarded the prizes, I venture to think his interpretation wonld be much more likely to be the correct one. The selection of Trentbam Count for premier honours would not have been iar from the mark, as I find that this dog was a high' class prize-winner in England, having won, amongst other prizes, first at Liverpool and Carlisle. Mr. Gaisford claims tohave acted in a sportsmanlike manner in removing his dog, against the rules of the society. My idea of a true sportsman, however, is that he in variably takes a defeat with dignified com posure, and 1 am inclined to think that the conduct of Mr. Gaisford and bis friends par took more of the "win, tie, or wrangle spirit" lie must sorely be joking when be asserts that the bull-terriers were nearly as important and numerous as the fox-terriers, seeing that the number of entries in all classes of (he latter smounted to 12L.whereas the bull- terriers, all told, only numbered 4L Every .disinterested person must admit that in the comparative quality of the exhibits .there was a still wider difference in fayo'nr of the fox-terriers, which, as a class—thanks to the pluck and perseverance of a tew.importera and hreedera-T^bave made greater strides than any other breed in the colonies. Many of the classes contained specimens which nothing but minute inspection could separate. Had the bull-terriers contained i any nnmber of dogs of the right type they j would undoubtedly have demanded a more minute scrutiny.- bat a judge who sees at a g'ance ghat, the exhibit bet in hUa haimd a] J ghost 01 u chalice Would on;y be humbugging the exhibitor by detaining him in the rn-, j and moreover, by crowding the space. pre- j 1 vent the superior animals making the best of themselves. | Finally, if the Victorian bnll-terrier fanciers are determined to stick to the worn-out, obsolete specimens which the majority of them possess, they must expect to be beaten whenever they meet animals of the right type tinder a judge who understands his business. With respect to ilie charges made against the committee oi the V l\ ami D. Society, it they are based on no I c t«r grounds than are the accusations against the judge their value will be obvious. In my " Notes and Comments " of the 17th August I stated that Mr. F. Rogen had pur chased from Mr. J. Robertson the l<kye-ttrrier bitch Lonsdale Teggy Dhu, whicn, 1 am now informed bv Mr. Robertson, was incorrect, the biich sold to Mr. Rogeti being Lonsdale Kimmer, Peggy Diiu still remaining in the Lonsdale kennels. Lonsdale Kimmer took first prize in bitcb puppy class at the Jate, Melbourne Show.* 