'A BUSH IDYL.' The following highly complimentary cri itque of Mr. Kenneth Mackay's poem 'A Bush Idyl ' is by the S. M. Herald :— We have received a cony of verses entitled 'A Bu?h Idyl,' by Eenrieth Mackay (Ed wards, Dunlop, and Co., Sydney), the per usal of which affords a pleasing relief to the dull monotony of the unhappily accustomed yoi3iliei\ Mr. Mackay is already known as tho author 'of ' Stirrup Jingles,' a collec honest colour in them, although the lesson set by Adam Lindsay Gordon is rather too closely followed. . But in this ' Bush Idyl ' the writer makes a new departure. He gives us a really poetic.il and certainly very pleasant picture of the perfect woman of ordinary bush life — no over-strained impos- T sible typp, but a sturly of pure womanhood, of a kiucl which readers of this little book will fam believe i3 not too uncommon in the domestic life of Australia. Tli9 story which runs through the poem like a thread is simple enough ; so much so indeed as to scarcely m rib the name, of a story. But the writer's aim hns. evidently been to present a character/portrait, aud in this ho has suc ceeded to such: an. ox tent as to largely satisfy even the.critical reader. Ibis tho penpor trait of- ''?-' ;? \\-- ;? ;-/'./ ' '.'.' X yvomirx gift with terulei'liomplilcG charm?, ' .'' fUpon -\vhosu forehead truth had set its scal,'- aud : round the simple, tale of this . true woman's daily life there is wreathed a scroll of descriptive passages, replete with effort less but effective word-pictures of the every day life of the bush, and its incidental caractere 'and colour,— of glad days, ' 'When round tho blazin* logs the stoolcmen sat, And told the tides of catfc'e, camp, and yard ; When wrinkled miners drew a thread of gold Across the staving1 legends of Ihs past ; And, weavy with tho dull dead miles of bush, The squattor came to taste the jnys of home, . Aud listening to this gentle lady's voice Call hack the ghosts of long-forgotten years.' These last three lines carry a volume of; ? local colour in thpmsolves. I'lirfcher ou wo get descriptions — ' whau the hpr:i of plenty ceased its flow'— of such Iime3 as when ' - - ' The droughi-fiencl lapped with tlrrsty, sua-pavdxeel tongue, Each spring and tanlc, and sucked with ghoul-liko lips The very life-blood from tho cracking soil ; Fire came to blacken civlli and mar ilia sky. With charred aui sable tokens' of hisvwMth,'— TJndimmed by miles of srmKe. his savage eye j Gleamed like the outposts of the gates of hr.-ll ; Loud o'er the fall of forests rang his laugh As nature writhed within his molten breath'; High in mid-air the WLiis-insr eagle swung And watcludwithsfiirnful cj-o mau's' futile ihjhl ''l To save his ssorching flocks.' And so on through a long, passage,, every line. of which is a strong stroke of~ artistic power. It is at such a time as -this that those 'who with wine-stained lips 'had bid him hold their lives and fortunes at' his beck and call' forgot their venal vow3 of friendship, and turned out the1 ruined husband; but she, the woman of this talo, ' Placed her hand within her own And whispered, ? We will up and face the storm,'' and, in a noble spicifc of true womanliness, stood betwoen him and despair all through the long struggles of adversity, until at length ' E'en gaunt misfortune turned its chargers' heads, As though at bit it wearied of a road Where those it bruised rose over and again To front the onset of its cruel wheels.' In this 'Bush Idyl' Mr. Mackay has given us a characteiifstically Australian poem. It is virile and healthy in its tone, its colour is true, and the treatment of its happily choson subject highly artistic. It is hot oftoa wo get such manly and heartfelt -work from an Australian writer, and though there is_ no straining after effect here, the result is clear and strongly, defined. For thoro is nothing priggish about Mr. Mackay's style in this poem, and nothing impertinently self-a- sertive, as so many writers of local verse eeom to feel themselves called upon to be. His conception of a simple typo — classic in ita simplicity, indeed— is put with an equally simple directness that wins the reader almost before be is aware. On the whole, thi3 'Bush Idyl' is certainly a re freshing piece of literary wolk. Another passage from the poem will bear quoting, not only for its intrinsic merit, but because it throws light on the writer's conception of his subject. It is a parenthetical apostrophe, and runs thus — ' 9}} ' . w°man standing on the vasty shore Of old Creation's youngest, fairest son ! * ? -Yo breathe a free-born air that yet wil swell The lungs of millions and tho sails of fleets— ? A God-hke task is yours, for from your loins Must spring the huiiders of a mighty race, - And Austral's founders nh vonr Imipps mncf: laom The precepts that will make or mar their work. Each nation that has left its mine enrolled Upon the scroll of fame, has also left '* This record : When its sons had hero souls, Its women's lives wore plain as thoy were pure, But Inter, when enriched with rilled worlds These nations fell before barbarian foes, It was because the sons by weaklings borne . Could not withstand the cubs of sturdy dams. Therefore, yo mothers of our future race, So shape your lives that in tho years to come The world may mark your sous as valiant men ! ' The worst that can be said in the way of criticism about this is, perhaps, that it. reads ? too much like prose broken up into metrical line?. Tho Famo remark may possibly apply to othor parts of the poem ; but thin is one of the dangers of blank verse. The ' Idyl,' as a whole, is so clear-cut and true to a noble type that such technical defects as these may oasily be overlooked. The Sultan of Morocco has agreed to pay an indemnity for tho murders of British subject?, and will pormit tho cable toTfingira to bo repaired. 