. THE NOVELIST. ' * The Garston House Tragedy, .í BY JEANNIE LOCKETT, . Author of "The Millwood Mystery," "Kitty V - Cartwright," &c.; (Begun in TOWN AND COUNTRY JOUBNAI. of December 1.) (SPECIALLY WRITTEN FOB THIS PAPER.) . -, CHAPTER XXXI. *' Well, Mr. Felton, all that I can say is that if Miss Wrayburn is not the guilty party, it's one of . the queerest goes I ever came across," Mr. Cul hane said, after listening in keen-eyed silence to all that George Felton had to tell him 5 "at the same time, as I have no other wish than to get the right party-and none but the right party brought to book over it, I'm quite willing to wait a*bit longer, say a week or two, before making an arrest. In the meantime, I'm going to set myself to find out where that book on anatomy was bought ; and now that I come to think of it, -*I?may as well make some inquiries about that other one, on mesmerism and animal magnetism, * I-saw without a name among the books." " What was that ?" George-Felton asked in a tone of interest. - "I suppose Dr. Flood forgot to mention it Well, it's just this, when I was looking over thc books, I found, three without the owner's name in them. Two of these were on anatomy and physiology, and the other was the one I've just told you about. It seems to bear out what you've said, too-at any rate, it shows that some one's been studying the subject of mesmerism. I'll gc to the house and get it before I go back to thc city." " Fm glad you thought of it. It may turn oui to be a very important link in the evidence wc want to get hold of," Mr. Felton said. " Yes," and there's another thing-its wonder ful how little things become important once one gots a clue to their meaning-that other book the one referred in the letter supposed to have been written by the dead man just before he committed the fatal act-which of course he never committed at all- well, that book was presented to him on his birthday by his ' loving niece,.; Madeline Garston.' Now, do you know it seems ; to me there is something in that, too," the . dqteotiye i said, and his tone showed that he had not only got over the disappointment of finding his carefully worked out chain of evidence had led him astray, but that he was beginning tc bring his professional instincts to bear with his accustomed acuteness-and, it must be added, relish for tho task-on the new view of the- case presented to him by Mr. Felton. "I'm sure there is.a good deal in it. I feel -'«euro, too, that if you follow out the plan you have ^ifproposed a good deal of very valuable .evidence .^ will be procured. It will be of the utmost im portance to have it proved, that ' she purchased ttíe books you speak of." " I think so too; sir. And while I'm about it, I may as;well take the book she made a present to her uncle with me, it may lead to tho discovery of where the others were bought. I take it that it's not a book, that is asked for every day, and . tho fact of it being asked for by a young lady would, perhaps, make the bookseller remember it, ? and possibly where it was bought the others were bought, too." ' ,^ r, In this view Mr. Felton, quite concurred, and 4$.:.then added :;" But there is another matter in .which I want \ to get ¡your help. I want Miss Wrayburn brought inte contact with the young man who sold her the knife, and the chemist who supplied her with the chloroform. I have thought of a way in which it could be done-r-that is, for Dr. Flood to drive her out, and to call at the chemist's in pass ing. If the latter were prepared for the visit, he could come but to speak to Dr. Flood, and the effect on Miss Wrayburn could be hoted. , The : thing to discover is whether-if she really made .?: the purchase-she has any remembrance of doing so. It will not be a difficult matter, as far as the chemist is concerned ; but in the other case i l am rather at a loss. ,1 don't like the plan of inducing her \ < tb enter, the shop, though it seems to bo the only .one that presents itself.:, It might attract an unpleasant amount of attention ' perhapsrs'oon arouse suspicion in people's minds. Yet I cannot think of any : other way of testing : her memory, .or in fact of discovering whether , she really made the purchase at all." '< "It seems to me almost impossible for her to ! do such a thing in a state of mesmerism ; though ^ I have heard of very strange things being done . by people in that state. However, I think a ; better way of bringing about a meeting between . her and the shopman would be for me to get him out of the shop and meet the doctor and her driving along. .You see, I told the young man a : yarn about her which will . help me to throw him voff the scent. I told him-that the young lady had gone a bit queer, and had to be put in ;a private , asylum. Well, now, all I would have to tell him would be that she was getting a little , better, and that the doctor, under whose charge she is, would bike to test her memory of the 1 occurrence-which was the first step in her going that way. You see, I could stop to speak to the doctor, and introduce him as a friend of my own! >? It would have to be done about the' young man's lunch time, I suppose, as he couldn't very well leave the shop at any other." K m* " " Yes, that would be the best way and time, il f thought of having it done this afternoon j but T ; your plan is a decided improvement on the one I ? spoke of," Mr. Felton said; and soon after left the hotel where he and the detective had spoken together, and was almost immediately followed by the detective himself, who was on his way to Garston House. The morning had passed away, noon had come ?? and gone, and yet Hester Wrayburn still slept on. " I never saw the like of it," Mrs. Humphries said to herself , after another visit to tho room. " The poor : dear^scarcely had a bit of breakfast, and now its long past lunch time, yet she's lying , asleep there, like^iíaby. Í only hope if ll do her some good, pa#ffcory su^hing, and BO sweet and ' , ogrants farea-w pretty she looks,-to be sure. She waa always my favorite of the two young ladies at Garston House. Miss Madeline was always albit too haughty in her ways to please me-not that she wasn't lady like with it, she was always that, I must say, but there never was the same kindness in her way of speaking there was in Miss Hester's, to my think ing, though perhaps, knowing Miss Hester since she was a slip of a girl, and never casting eyes on Miss Madeline till she came out a grown up young lady, have made me feel like that to them both. Well, well, poor dear, I hope she'll soon be herself again-like she was in her poor uncle's time. Poor man j it's sorry he'd be to see her so changed, for fonder of her he couldn't have been if she had been really his own daughter. And fond of bim she was, too, as any one could see who saw them together. And whatever he wanted to go and commit suicide for and leave that poor dear to fret her heart out about him, I can't make out, I'm sure." When Dr. Flood returned with Dr. Dalesford, Hester was still sleeping, Mrs. Humphries in formed him. " Come up and see her, Dalesford. I suppose it's just as well that she ßhould have her sleep out, so we need not waken her, though I'd like you to see her when, she does waken," Dr. Flood said; and then they walked upstairs, and into Hester's room, witb the -light tread that doctors know so well how and when to make use of. Hester lay in much the same position as when Dr. Flood had seen her before. A faint'color had stolen into the cheek that was uppermost, and her half-parked lips had a rosy flush as soft as that seen on the face of a sleeping child, while her whole attitude was one of innocent re pose. The two doctors looked at her for some moments in utter silence, and then, after looking at each other, silently left the room. " The sleep is doing her good, there is no doubt of that, I should say-what do you think ?" Dr. Flood said, when tbey were out on the landing. " It can't fail to do that. It is too sound and natural not to have that effect. It's my belief she will waken almost, if not quite, free from the nervous trouble you spoke of." " It is something more than a nervous trouble. I wanted you to see her before I told you what I have reason to believe is at the bottom of the trouble. Come into my consulting-room, and I will tell you, now," Dr. Flood said. When they were seated together, in the con sulting room, however, Dr. Flood remained for some time silent, and as if in deep thought. At last he looked up, somewhat suddenly, and said "You noticed the expression of her face, did you not P" - " Yes, I did. , In fact it struck me quite as much as her appearance. It gave her the look bf a tired -child, I thought-^or, perhaps, I should saya, child who had been tired, but had lost the feeling in refreshing sleep," Dr, Dalesford re plîgd,:* r ? ? ? <? :-.. f^Áh-, Fm glad you noticed that; From that ^expression you would be disposed to draw the conclusion that she was an' innocent-minded girl -4-a girl, for instance, who had lived a pure and innocent life-would you not?" ; J' ? "I certainly should. I would go farther and say she had the face of a girl whose knowledge of evil in others was very limited." "Then you wouldn't think it possible for even a young girl to retain that expression if she were: not innocent ?" "I should not, indeed". " After that there is no need to ask if you think it possible for her to look like that if she had committed one bf the foulest crimes this world ever saw- that of the murder of her uncle, and more than father, Robert Garston ? Yet I do ask you that question, and I entreat you to answer it as solemnly and truly as though you were on your oath." "I do think it impossible. I should as readily believe an angel from heaven could commit such a crime," Dr. Dalesford said, in a tone as emphatic as Dr. Flood could desire. For answer Dr. Flood took bis hand, and shook it heartily. " You don't mean to say that A suspicion of that Bort attaches to her ?" Dr. Dalesford said, then. "It's worse than that. Enough evidence-or what appears to be evidence-has been got together to go very far toward securing her conviction for the crime. But she must be saved -at any cost she must be saved ! I tell you I owe it to her to save her, for I was the means of of bringing out the evidence against her- and, God forgive me, I allowed myself to harbor suspicions which led to my doing so," Dr. Flood said, and then to the other's horror and surprise he went on to tell him all that the reader already knows of the various discoveries made by the detective, and all that he had learned from George Felton, in the same room, not long before. " It's one of the strangest cases I ever heard of -and, whether Felton's view of it is right or j wrong, I should not, at this stage, care to take j the responsibility of saying. Yet it would take more evidence than has yet been brought against her, to make me believe that girl upstairs to be guilty of Buch a crime," Dr. Dalesford said, when he had finished. ! " Then what do' you think of me, for allowing myself to harbor suspicions against her, who I have known her since she Was a child of 8 or 9 ? I If it ends in her having to undergo a trial, much moro be convicted, I shall never be able to forgive myself." " I don't think there's the least need for you to feel liko that. Instead of harboring suspicions, what you really did was to take steps to rid your self of them." " Still, what an awful thing it will be if sho has to undergo a trial. It would blight her life, if it didn't completely unhinge her mind." " That must be prevented, at all hazards. Her arrest, while her mind is in the state you have described it, would be the worst thing possible that could happen. Tho only chanco bf discover ing the truth seems to me to lie with her. But to attempt to speak to her on the subject, while her nervous system is so disordered, might do her irreparable injury. Her mind must have time to recover its tone before any attempt to lead her to exercise her memory in respect to the occasions she has been subjected to mesmeric influence assuming that she has been so subjected-or she 'might be thrown into a much worse state than she is in at present." "You will help me with the case? You will treat her for me/will you not? / " ' : :/://.5 , " Yes, I will gladly do'that, or anything'else ito help. you. I wish I could do1 something'-'more thàn'thàt. I can 'see how much: this" has'told bn youl 'You looked, ill when I saw you on Friday, búti ' you look 'far / worse now. I think yoù^àrè1 taking the matter too hardly. You have really no cause'for self-reproach that I,cain' see, not 'the least in the world," Dr. Dalesford said; in a voice full bf sympathy. ? ' It has told oh'me. The whole/thing has been weighing on mëlikè a nightmare fo'r-weekspast, and "yet . I was by no means/prepared for what' I learned1 Wdayy -first' from 'the; detective and afterward : from /Felton. What he told me' /caine with quite a shock ; " and 1'yet, somehow; it didn't1 -affect me in the way /that what the- detective'' said "áffécited/me. uTtfal an awful thing to metobeHeveMadelineguiltyof such a crime--one, tod, that it had never entered into my mind to suspect her ot-and yet it doesn't fill me with the horror I felt when there seemed to be no other alternative than to believe Hester guilty. And, after I went up and looked on her sleeping face, the idea became loathsome to me. I suppose it "was because of that, that the other alternative of Madeline's guilt, though a great shock in itself, was in some measure a relief to me. Still it has puzzled me a good deal, too, for I feel sure if the idea had been put before me yesterday, I should have repelled it with indigna tion. I always had a high opinion of Madeline.. I looked upon her as a woman in a thousand j ;/ and yet I can more easily believe in her guilt than in Hester's." "Ithink I can understand it. The human mind is very strangely constituted. I believe it is capable of receiving and retaining impressions, of which we, at the time of receiving them, aro not altogether conscious; and, when circum stances arise which bring them to the surface, we wonder where they came from. It seems to mo that the very fact of your looking upon Miss Gar ston as an exceptional woman mado it easier for you to believe her capable of a crime than would have been the case if you had looked upon her as a more ordinary character. Such a crime -assuming that it was committed by a woman is one that required a more than ordinary brain ' to plan, and a moro than ordinary amount of de termination to carry out ; and, for that reason, could not have been committed by an ordinary kind of woman-much less by a young girl, such as we looked at lying asleep." "Yet you think it possible she could have been made the instrument of another will ?" " I don't think it impossible. And in this case there certainly appears to be no other way of ac counting for the evidence that connects her with the crime. On that point, too, the servant's evidence seems more conclusive, than anything discovered by the detective. I'm afraid it will be a very difficult matter to clear up, very difficult indeed. For, even if the young girl upstairs could be induced to tell all that she has experienced, it may turn out to "be nothing more than a string of confused memories, of no moro value as evidence than dreams. However, any thing that is in my power to do I will gladly do it, you may rest assured," Dr. Dalesford said ; and there was a quiet fervor in his tone that showed he mean I u^ij .jurd Lc ullin ufl> and much more that remained unspoken. He was a young man, and looked younger than his age-of 27, or thereabouts-by reason of a quiet, unassuming manner, an almost boyish freshness ef face, and a certain straightforward simplicity of expression. There was¿ neverthe less, an intellectual development about his fore head, and a kind pf gravity iu his glance which, in. some measure, contradicted the general youth fulness of his face. In complexion ho was dark, with gravely bright eyes, that seemed , to fix themselves on the face of the person to wboin ho might be speaking with a kind of simple, direct ness that was at times apt to be somewhat dis composing. And more than one lady . patient of Iiis had been heard, to say that ho seemed tobe able to look right through her head in a way that made her feel quite nervous. Sho would, however, be sure to add that he was very gentle in his manner, and kindness itself in his course of treatment. For the rest, ho was tall but slightly built, and had a look of delicacy about his features which told that his intellec tual development was in advance of his physical growth-or that, in other, words, his brain had ab sorbed a good deal of the material that, in other men, would have gone to the formation of muscle. . , CHAPTER XXXII. I A knock came to. the inner door of Dr. Flood's consulting-room atr-tliis stage, and on opening it he saw the housekeeper, who said, somewhat hastily» " I thought it . best to come and tell you that Miss Wrayburn is awake, sir. She seems a pit bewildered, I think, as if she couldn't quite make out how she came to be here. But she looks the better for her sleep, for all that." > "Thank you for coming to tell me. I will go and see how she is. She is still in her1 room, I suppose?" Dr. Flood replied, and'when Mrs. Humphries had answered in the affirmative he turned to Dr. Dalesford, saying, " I will prepare her for a visit from you. Wait here till I come back, will you ?" " Certainly," Dr. Dalesford replied, and then Dr. Flood left the room. He found Hester stand ing in front of the window in her room, and before she turned round he saw that the listlessness had left her entirely. But he was hardly prepared for the look of intelligent inquiry in her face and eyes, or the clearness of the tone in which she said " Then it wasn't a dream ? I really did come to Sydney with you, and am in your house now ?" "No, it wasn't a dream, Hester. You are really in Sydney and at my house. We came together this morning," he replied. "Was it this morning ? It seems a long time ago. Everything seems to have happened a long time ago. It seems as if I had just come out of a long'illness-only I don't feel ill, now. I don't think I look ill, either. Can you tell me why I feel like this, Dr. Flood ?" she said in a bright tone, with just a touch of eager curiosity in it. " You have had a long, sound Bleep, for one thing, and it has done you a great deal of good, I can see." Then I have been ill ?" " No-not seriously so. Your nervous system has been out of order. And i brought you here , to see what change and treatment would do for you. I am going to get Dr. Dalesford, who has:; made nervous disorders a special study, to pre-. scribe for you. He is downstairs now, and if you feel well enough to come down I should like him to see you." " Do you really think it necessary ? I feel quite well now. I have had such a sound sleep. I hadn't even dreamt one little dream in it. Bu* it seemed to take something-a great weight I think it was-off my brain. I seemed to feel it doing that, though I wasn't dreaming. I've hot had Buch a sleep for a long timo-since-ah, now I remember," and; a cloud came over the bright ness of her face,'as She spoke,: " since poorarry death." - ? j¿, run A half-sob ended the words, and tia ve you up into the doctor's face, with a she future inquiry in her own, she said "But was that part of the dreadful dreams I have had ? Or is papa really-dead ?" " Yes, my dear, I am sorry to say that was no dream, but a sad reality. It happened two months ago. It was the shock it brought on you that helped to throw your nervous system out of order," Dr. Flood said, feeling that the truth would do her less harm than the encouragement of ;. false hopes. " Ah, yes, I remember ! I remember !" she ex claimed, and by the sudden rush of emotion to her face, the doctor knew that a crowd of memories were rushing in upon her mind, and for a moment he dreaded to see the look of nervous fear in her eyes. It did not come, however, though pain and sorrow, sad to see in so young a face, were there in full force. It seemed to ?. Dr. Flood as he looked at her that never till that moment had Hester fully realised \- tho extent of her loss. "My dear, he is at rest, at peace. Don't grieve for him," he said, going to her and putting his hand on her shoulder as he spoke, v'- "But he was so good, so kind and gentle-why -why:-" Hester said in an agitated whisper. " Don't think of it, my dear-not in that way. I am going to tell you something. He was not responsible for that act. There was no sin on his soul- of that kind. I can't tell you any moro ; and you must not ask me to do so. Just believe what I say. He was a good man j and he is now enjoying the peace and rest that follow a well-spent life. Think of him in that way, and take comfort." "Oh, I will, I will! Thank you a thousand times for saying that," Hester said, with a half sob that was not all caused by sorrow. "But there is one thing more-I have often wanted to ask it. Did he suffer very much ?" she added. " No, my dear. Death came to him in one of its easiest forms. Had he died in his sleep he could scarcely have felt less pain," the doctor re plied. " Oh, I'm glad-I'm glad to know that ! It was always the hardest thought to bear-that he suffered, and perhaps called for help, and felt that -he wau dying for want of it, alone.-Oh, it was BO hard to think that-so hard," and Hester broke into quite a passion of sobs. The doctor put bis arm round her, and let her cry unrestrainedly for some minutes, and then, when the sobs began tb subside, he said with kindly cheerfulness " There, my dear, there, don't think of it any more ! You see, it was a mistake, and there is no need to trouble 'about it, now that you know that it was," and after a pause he added, " it has been in your thoughts a good deal, has it not ?" " Yes-it was always there. I was never able to forget it. Even in my sleep I thought of it. But it was worse then-for I used to see him-and hear him- calling for help-calling me by name. And I could only stand and look at him, without any power to go to him, or help him." A fit of convulsive trembling seized Hester at this stage, and then she added, in a sort ¡of horrified whisper- ! "I want to tell you something. I must tell it." U ;fWhat is it, my dear? Tell me," Dr. Flood said, clasping her closer as he spoke, and with a sickening presentiment of what she was about to say. ? ??<.?; ? " : . . " Sometimes it was worse than that. I dreamt that--I did it ! Oh, it was horrible ! horrible ! I didn't want to do it-I tried hard-so hard not to. But, something made me. Something or somebody-used to put the knife in my hand, and tell me to go and-open the vein in his neck ! -and I had to do it. And the chloroform, too I had to put that on the handkerchief; and ¡ put the handkerchief on his face." " But, after all, it was only a dream, my dear. And I don't think you'll ever have it again,'? Dr. Flood said, soothingly, though his voice was husky. ? ? ? "Ah, but even yet I haven't told you the worse. The first time I had the dream was the very night it happened: And how could I have it then-if ' it was only a dream- when I didn't know what had happened?" Hester said, in a voice: of lów-toned horror. ' . " Are you sure you did have the dream that night ?" the doctor asked, in a-tbne of anxiety. " Yes-yes. I am quite" Bure about that. But the''dream was not sor distinct as it was after:,! And the next morning I didn't remember much bf it; I only remembered it in a confused kind of way; but it made me very anxious about papa. I went to his window and called bim, but when he,.didn't "answer, I didn't like to call again, for I thought he was asleep and it might- disturb him. So I walked about the grounds till breakfasttime, to try to get rid of the feeling; but it didn't quite leave me. And when I saw him lying m his chair, dead, the dream came back, quite distinctly, and then the room seemed to turn round, and I didn't remem ber anything more for a good while." " Can you remember when you next had the dream; that particular dream, I mean?" Dr. Flood asked. ' ^Tt was not till after we-Madeline and I -went to Bowral. I had it there several times. And every time it came Madeline was in the room. I didn't always see her, but I felt she was -there." ' 4?,But how could that be when you slept in .. different rooms ?" '.' At first she used to come and sit with me till I went to sleep. I thought her very kind, and used to1 be glad for her to come-for it wasn't easy for me to go to sleep. I used to some times lie awake nearly all night. But, af ter a ' while, I began to think the dream came because Madeline was with me, and then I sat up as long as Bhe did, and locked my door before ? getting into bed. But something . happened to the door soon after that, and it , wouldn't lock. The Bervant-Annie-said she .. did it by accident, and she was BO sorry about it, and so afraid Mrs. Thearle would be angry with her, that I didn't like to speak about .it. And every time the dream came back I used .to feel Madeline in the room. It was that that made me want to gb away from her-that, and the dreadful feeling I used to get sometimes that she was drawing me to her. Often it would come in the night, and I would have to get up, and put things against the door to keep me from going to her room." " Fm sorry I didn't know these things sooner, my dear. But we must see what can be done now to clear your brain of all such fancies, and restore the tone to your nervous system." " You have done me good already. The weight that was always on my brain has gone. It went away while I was asleep-and that dreadful feel ing about Madeline has gone too. But, more than all, what you told me about poor papa has done me good. I Bhall always be sorry-I shall always miss him-he was so good and kind. But the worst pain and Borrow have gone. I can think of him-as you told me to think-at peace and rest." "That is right, my dear. That is the right kind of feeling. And now, if you are well enough, we will go down and see Dr. Dalesford. I have spoken to him of your case, and you:may be very sure you will be safe in his hands," Dr. Flood said, and then led her to the consulting room. Shortly after Dr. Flood went upstairs to Hester, George Felton returned to the house, and, learn ing-that Dr. Dalesford was in the consulting room, went to him there, telling Mrs. Humphries that he would wait till Dr. Flood came down,' tb see him. "Dr, Flood,has told you how things are with regard to his wards, has he not ?" he said to Dr. Dalesford after they had exchanged greetings. "Yes, he has told me everything. It is a very strange affair altogether; and that idea of yours is not the least strange thing in connection with it," Dr. Dalesford replied. , "But you think it possible that it may be right?" , " Yes, I do think so. But I tell you, candidly, there are great difficulties in the way of proving it."- . .'. ' . - ! "I know that. I have felt that from the first moment the idea came into my head. It will be a difficult task j and not the least difficult part of it is that, in order to establish the innocence, in intent, of the instrument, we shall have to prove the guilt of one of the most beautiful women the sun ever shone upon." " Is she more beautiful than the one upstairs?" "Many people would think so. In comparing them, most people would call Hester Wrayburn a pretty girl, while they would speak of Madeline Garston as a magnificent woman. Yet it is thought by some people that there isa resemblance between them. It comes out, at odd moments, or under certain circumstances, and, as a matter of fact, I have noticed it myself." " They are related, aro they not ?" " There is no blood relation between them, to account for the resemblance. It is merely accidental, and in fact is not so great as it is sometimes thought to bo. It is really a similarity of attitude and mannor, which is so often the result of association, but is in this case strength ened by a similarity in height and complexion," Mr. Felton said, adding, in a tone of inquiry, " you have seen Miss Wrayburn ?" " Yes, I saw her this afternoon asleep. And, I must confess, that seeing her inclined me to your view of the part she has taken in this strange tragedy-as, after seeing her, it would be simply impossible to believe her guilty of the awful crime of murder. In fact, it is hard enough to think of her even as tho unconscious instru ment of such a crime." " Ifs hard/' Mr. Felton said in a tone which made Dr. Dalesford look at him rather curiously. "But, what other possible solution of the mystery is there to be found? The purchase of the knife and chloroform would be small matters, if she had not been seen by tho servant-even the dress, and what was found in the pocket, and on the front, would not alone connect her with the deed. Can you think of any other solution ?" "No, I am sorry to say I cannot do so. The evidence of the servant-and more especially the fact that it was given unwillingly-does not admit of any other, I'm afraid. What was more, there was the attitude-as if she were walking in her sleep-that certainly seems to favor the conclusion that she was under mesmeric in fluence." " Yes, that struck me more than anything else. It was that that decided me to speak of the idea in my mind at an earlier stage than I had intended," George Felton said ; and then he went on to speak of the matters in respect to the boóks the detective had made notes about, which, if small in themselves, were of consider able importance in connection with the theory of mesmeric influence having been brought to bear over Hester Wrayburn. As he finished, Mrs. Humphries came to the door to say that the gentleman who had been at the house earlier in the day-Mr. Culhane wished to speak for a minute to Mr. Felton, as Dr. Flood was engaged and he didn't wish to disturb him. " I thought I'd just look in and say-I suppose I may speak before this gentleman ? Thank you; "Well, I thought it as well to look in to say that as Miss Garston is coming to the house yonder to-morrow, it would be just as well for Dr. Flood to get rid of that good lady I took the liberty of hoodwinking on Saturday. It's in the very nature of a woman with a nose like that good lady has to pry. She can't help herself, not with a nose like that. But the worst of it is she betrays herself ; and, if she's twenty-four hours in the same house as Miss Garston, she'll let the cat out of the bag as sure as ' fate. : j She hasn't. the ghost of an idea what kind of a cafs in the bag, but she :knowf s there's one of some sort, so she's been ferreting round with that long nose of hers trying to find out, and of course letting everybody seo that she is doing so. Why, sho actually tried her hand-or I should say her otiose- rat pumping me!" Mr. Culhane Baid; adding, "I only hope she is satis fied with the results. . But I'm very much afraid she's not. I. left her gasping like a fish," and a smile played round the corners of ; Mr. Culhane's mouth at the remembrance. " I'll tell Dr. Flood what you say. I have no doubt he will act on your advice," Mri Felton said. . "I think it,would be,,just as well if he did. I would never trust a woman withia nose like that where a secret was concerned. It's her nature to pry/ and' of course pry she will. And, what's worse, she lets it be seen that Bhe is prying. Thaf s why it would never do to leave her in the house with Miss Garston. She'd be bound to let the cat-or a dozen of 'em, if they were there out of the bag. You'll tell the doctor what.I say?" " I certainly shall." u ; "Very well, sir, then I needn't wait. Good after noon," and Mr. Culhane turned to go. At the door he stopped somewhat abruptly, paused a moment as if in consideration, and then came back, saying, j" I shall bo over this way in the morning, I expect -but in case I shouldn't, and you or the doctor should want mo for anything, this address will find mo," and he handed Mr. Felton a card, adding, " there's the matter you spoke of, sir-^ bringing about a meeting between the young lady and the shopman." " Vos, thank you for speaking about it. Ifs quite possible Dr. Flood will arrange tto bring it about to-morrow. Then, if I should call at this address to-night-say at 10-should I find you in?" "Tes, sir, I'll be in about that time. I'm generally an early bird, when I have no business on hand to keep me out at night. You may de pend on finding me at that time." " Thank you, then I'll call, and tell you what arrangement Dr. Flood may have made," Mr. Felton said, and then the detective went his way. 