floveHst. TheMidniglit Prophecy OR, ' HEIR OF STRHHSPEY TOWERS. My EmmaGarrison Jones CHAPTER XIV. 1'IIE PLOT THICKENS. ~ Sovenoaka .and Cavendish Manor, as -before stated, woro contiguous, and were two as fino estates nB the county contained. The manor belonged to Lady Drummond for hor life-timo, and ib waa her custom to visit the old place onco or twico a yonr. It was therefore quito opportune that Lord Strathspey and his party were going to Sovenoaks, aa Lady Oeoilia waa quito anxious to \nako one of her annual visits. She at onco caused ? ,Si* Varnoj, who was a most dutiful and (Obedient husband, to dispatch invitations ito their numerous friends, to moot thom sat the manor for the shooting season ;and i >at hor suggestion tho Earl of Strathspoy dlid tho same thing I Accordingly, when thoy reached tha pjnd of their journey, the earl's party Sound a Ray assemblage of frionda await saig thoni, , '* Wo arc going to hayo a delightful season," remivrkod Lady Drummond, u and you may t hank me for ib, my lord *, you and Sir Vnrney would have moped ! hero 0.11 nlono, and popped your solitary . i^una, if I had not eomo to the rcaono, Men are so absurdly stupid !" My lady showed her whito toeth in a flashing smile, na the eavl handed her into a carriage that \va9 to convoy her to the manor, and put out her white jowol lod hand to bid him farowoll. " I shall oxpocfc to sco a groat deal of : you at the manor," she said, adding, with ; a peouliar look in her oycs and a faint ' suggestion of regret in hor voice ; " you : used to like the manor years ago." 1 " And 1 like ib yot," replied the earl, gallantly; "and shall certainly avail _ myself of your kind invitation, Of course you'll not wait to bo invited to Scvenoaks you and Sir Yarney." . . The pleasant, good-natured, unsus pioioua baronet bowed, whilo his ilaahing lady replied: "Hot I, my lord carl; I always go ?wherever I plenso, and it will certainly rileaao mo to come to SovoBoaks. But , I've fallen into shocking hnbits of lato ; 'you know how I gallop? Well, I shoot, J too ! I shoot pheasants, rnv lord 1" , Tho onrl did raiao his eyebrows in well vbrod surprise, and tho gay counter rfJb»roko into a ringing laugh, *' , ** And I follow tho hounds," ehc con* trlinuoii, and iiululyo in all manner of miftsoulino ploasuaes, Sir Vavnoy likea it, Tbut you are shocked, my lord ?" Sir Yarnoy smiled indulgently on the H>owit«liing creature who boro ilia n:mu) innd title, at id Lord Strathspey protested igallantly that nothing her ladyship pleased to do could shook him, Meanwhile, the countess and hov two children, and their two nurses, waited patiently' in the Sovenoaka' earrings, Colonel Ohudleigh and hia * wife and several other friends having driven on ahead. "How my Lord Strathspey do admire Lndy Drummond," whispered Lela to Judith, with a peculiar expression iu her black eyes, \- Judith gnvo her a nudgo. "AVhy don't you hush rehosaid, "and tend to Lord Angus, Ho'a tearing the trimming from his coat," But: Lola wna not to be silenood, "Only watch him, Judith," she oon tinucd, in a loud whisporj "hia very eyes danco as lie looks at hur 1 And Blie be a very lovely woman, my Lady Drum mond, What a pity the countess ain't like'her." "Will you hold your tongue?" re turned Judith, gathering Lady Pearl in hop arms and moving to the opposite Bide, "How Bftvago you are, to bo euro," continued Lolai "t ain't no harm I'm Bay ing, I'm euro, and everyone knows it. The couclmian was speaking about it last night, and he aaya tha; the earl and Lady Druumiond used to bo lovers, and Uiat-" . "Shut up, I say!" snapped Judith, her brown oyea fairly blazing, for, glanc ing over at her miatreag, who reclined amid the cushions, she aaw that she was aa white aa death, with a wild and terri fied look in hor lovely oyes. | She had hoard the nurao'a idle worda, if idle tlioy woro, and an awful fear thrilled ovory fibre of hor being. "NVluit if it wero BO ? She remembered tho old report tlmfc the earl had once ad mired Cecilia Cavendish, and how liia fathor's inexorable edict had forbidden liia boyish admiration. What if the old fanoy atill lived 1 In her terrible pre-occupation, she had not noticed hor husband, or ever dreamed of auch a thing, She watched him now with all hor tortured soul in her eyes, i He WAS standing in the afternoon sun light, hia noble hoad bared, his fine face all aglow with pleasuvo and admiration, aa ho looked up and listened to some gay Bpeooh Lady Drummond was malting, Presently the lady extended her slender hand, and the earl kiased it, bowing pro foundly, "Good-byo, Lady StratHapoy," oried Lady Oeoilia nt thnfc moment, as the carl turned and left her. u I flhall expeot" you to drivo over to the manor every day." The countess nodded and smiled-oh, Buoh a wan, sad smile !-and made room for hor beside her husband, He settled himself down with an air of enjoyment, taking his son from Lela and establishing him on his knoo, " Now, Sanford, drive like the wind," ho cnlled. '. I'm anxious to BOO the old plaoa again. Do rouso up a little, Mur guorite," addressing his wife, " and look at Sovenoaks Towers in the setting sun l light; it is renJly annoying to have you always moping so." 'jL'lie countess obeyed. She roused up, and looked nfc Sovonoaka' Towers, and amiled and talked with a strange glitter in lior oyea and ft hoctid bloom on hor ohooks, nnd in her heart, deep in lier heart, that poisoned, rankling thorn that tho nurse's imprudent worda had im planted, j The manor gentry wero dining at Sovonoaka, a few days after, and to gether with the carl's gueata, thoy made a largo and brilliant party. All day the mon had beon popping at tho pheasants in the wo&t; eopico, while tho ladiea dozed over French novels in the cool drawing-rooms ; but tho clashing of the old tower boll had called thorn all together, and now in their boat array thoy occupied tho great drawing-room' that opened into the dinina hall. The long table, 'with its spotless| damask and glittering glasa and silver, was already hid, and through the gov geoua streamed tho red, August sunlight, malting1 tho swinging chandeliors, and oostly gobleta, and gilded vases, gleam and glitter as if wrought of precious atones. The Countess of Strathspoy oocupicd A sofa at; tho exlremo end of the drawing room, with Colonel Ohudloigh on one hand and Sir Yurnoy Drummond on the other. Sho waa mngnificontly robed in a blue silk dinner droBS, elaborately trimmed WLth old point;, and in her ears and at her throat burned the old Strathspey dia monds. Hor wondrous golden hair lay over her fair brow in countless littlo shining curls and her chocks glowed like tho heart of a blush-rose, while hor oyes, her lovely sapphire eyes, fairly dazzled one with tho splendor of their fevoriah brightness Never in all her lifo had Marguerite, Countess of Strathspey, looked mora beautiful, or felt more wretched. At tho other end of the long and magni ficent nporlmont, in an enibraauv^ of one of the stained windows, sat Lady Drum* mond. She woro a dross of some light, gold hucd fabric, that brought out in wondrous perfection all the glorious tints of her Jlebo-liko faoo, and her 1 luck braids and liov heavy curia wore held in plaoo by thick bands of red Indian gold, Cleopatra herself never looked more regal than did my Lady Cecilia, sitting beneath the govgeoua glow of the richly Btaincd glaaa.' Lord Strathspey bent over her ohaiv, his face glowing and animated, Slio -was turning the leaves of a landscape folio, talking to the earl in tho mean time. 41 I'm going to shoot to-niovrow." alia said, with im arch smilo ; u 30 you must como to tho manor. I'm anxiou3 to dis gust you, my lord. I always was n tom boy, you know. Do you remember, Au/jus " sho began ; then, with a blush, and drooping litis-" my lord, I mean. 1 bojj ft thousand pai'dona. Thinking of tho old days mailo nio forgot; but do you rcinoinher wh.it rave mornings wo used to have, galloping tocovordown on Willow Heath V Ali, 1110!" Lady Cecilia sighed, nnd seemed not to hour tho aavl'a assurance that ho did re member. Presently she continued, as if half to herself: "Such rare- mornings I Dear, dear, what a pity wo uannot bo always young nnd happy ! This humdrum married life is very pi'osy, don't you think so, my lord ?'r " WoJJ, I don't know," replied tlio wl, with a laugh ; " I havo not found mine so vory lu;osy, but I di\ro say you know bear,, Luly Dmnmond." 11 OH tiouvaa I do," oiting her scarlet lijL> with vexation, but laughing g&vly; "and, apropos of proainoas, we are to lmvo a bull over at' Tlio Cedars,' Lady Varney drove over yesterday to toll mo. The cards go out to-n orrow, and it cornea off on the twenty-ninth-a real fancy affair-bal masque, you know 1 You'll not find any proaineaa there, I'll promise you, And now, do guess who's to bo the lion," alio added innocently, but with a sudden flaan in hor [Spanish eyes. "I'm Bure I've no idea whatover,unless yon moan yourself,' ropliod the earl. " Myaolf ! Oh, you stupid! Moaning mysolf. I should liavo said queen 1 Who's to ho tho lion, I say ? Who, indeed, but Oolonol Gilbovfc Yorney, Lady Verney'n brother, -just come home froin India; and, begging your pardon, my lord your wife's old lover-a charming man. xou had bettor look out for yoursolf, my lord oarl." Something in the insinuation, and ill her ringing laugh irritated Lord Strath spey, Ho frowned and bit his lip, "I can't see what Ihavotofenr from Colonel Gilbert Vernoy," lie replied, coldly, " Can't you continuod the lady, in a teasing tono. "Lady Strathspey is a charming woman, ana old coals are soon rekindled. | Tho carl almost, involuntarily glanced across at his wifo. She wub a charming woman indeed, and more charming, ho thought, ab that moment, than ho had ever seen her before-she, who a day or two ago, had been bo languid and listless. What could bo be aeorot of the sudden change? " Only look at her now-the countess, I mean I" continued his oompanion,-who had followed his glance, ° is she not glorious ? Such a change J Down in the Tyrol she wns like a ghost, What is tho Beoret, I wonder' 1 I can scaroely beliovo lior the same person." " She's like tho re^it o£ her sex, whimsical and changeable," replied tho earl, "Not so my lord," rotortod Lady Cecilia, half in onrnest, half in jest j "we women, always have motivo3, especially whero our good looks are concerned. Lot 1 me road the riddle for you. Colonel Vcmcij oalla thia ovening. "The countcss I herself told mo, not an hour ago, that she expected him. Can't you soo, my lord ? I warned you to talco care 1" And ngain hor wicked, toasing laugh rang out. For tho life of him, Lord Strathspey could not conceal hia vexation. He waa juat blind and simple enough to suffer tlua arch-enohantroaa to wiu hor object, which waa to rouao hia jealousy and sus picion iu regard to hia wife. These .British peers uro only human after all, despito their noble blood and high-sound j ing titles, and as week and aa full of | foibles, a goodly number of them, as tho lo\vlie3fc peasant that pays them homage. AngiiB, Earl of Strathspey, was 110 except tion, Though a good and generous man, and pretty shrewd, he was no without his failings. Being the thirteenth earl of Strathspey Towers did not make him per fect l>y any mean3. He glanced across, a second time, at hia wife, in her shimmering laco8 and diamonds, her fnco bright with feverish expectation, nnd ft sudden thrill stirred his heart. Was it because this Indian colonel was coming, that she had bloomed out ao V He knew the story of Gilbert Verney'a early lovo for Lady Marguerite of Auk land Oaks, He was only a young guards man then,and ho was very desperate when ho found there waa no hope for him, and talked a good deal about blowing his brains out, but oonoludod to go with his regiment to India instead. And hero he waa back again, a colonol, and a bachelor still. Lord btrathspey gnawed nt Ina mous tache, and watched his beautiful countess with covert glances. Poor, blind Lord Angus, ho could nob aoo, ho could not dream, and there was no friend's tonguo to whisper him the truth, that his poor, loving, constant wife, stung by cruel jea lousy, had thrown oil' her lethargy, her terrible Borrow, and by an cii'orb almost superhuman, had bloomed out in all tho beauty she possessed, hoping to hold his lovo, her dearest treasuro, which she buw, with a woman's quick perception, was slipping from her. flor husband did not droam of this, which Lady Oeeilia well enough know, and her wicked oyes gleamed with triumph as she watohed the earl's moody face, and saw that hor random arrow had struck home. But tho clanging of tlio great dinner bell brought this little sido-play to an abrupt close, and the earl and his guests filed through tho glittering rooms, and Bur rounded tho magnilioont board, allsauvity, and smiles, and honeyed words, too well bred and sdf-posaeasod to betray even a suggestion of bitter and torturing passions that lilled their hearts. 