Theatre Eoyal. The changes which hare marked the per formances at this theatre during the week largely attest the versatile powers of Mr. Charles Warner and the company acting with him. Wednesday, 3rd, witnessed 'the revival of Hamlet for one night, when Mr. Vvarner gave his scholarly and powerful representation of the Prince of Denmark, and was watched throughout with earnest attention and genuine admiration. In some scenes, e.g., that with the ghost in the first act with Ophelia before the play, and with Folonius in the 'whale' passage, Mr. Warner is specially effective. The great changes in the cast since the previous revival were Miss Ada Ward as the Queen, and Miss Gracie Warner as Ophelia, The former has indulged in a half-smiling ex ' pression which has become habitual, and which is sadly out of place in many characters; and her enunciation has suffered from exaggerated em . phasis. It is pleasant to hear the 'r' slightly \- burred, but when trust becomes 'terrust,' and words ending in 't' or 'ed' get a final vowel added, the English loses in significance and jars on the ear. Miss Warner's Ophelia was very charming in appear ance, and remembering the onerous parts which this young lady, whote years barely exceed those oi the average school giri, or maiden ' not out,' it would rank as an exceedingly good performance. But great as is the artistic feeling and emulation of the worker, her physical strength is not such as in our opinion to j ustify the continuance of the present strain, or to enable her to give to the public the full realisation of her ideal as Ger vaise. This was very apparent, and there was something painful in seeing 60 fragile a young girl brought into euch scenes as the quarrel in the laundry, ai d the excess .s of Coupe u. Mr. Vin cent and Mr. Fiemming were thoroughly good as | the Ghost and Horatio respectively ; Mr. R. Stewart too ranting a Laertes ; and Mr. Oily Deering as Polonius a decided case of a square peg in a round hole. The re vival of 'Captain Swift 'for one night for Mr. Vincent's benefit on Thursday drew together an audience which filled every part of the theatre, a large portion of the stalls being reserved at dress circle prices. The staging, complete and beautiful as ever, excited warm, demonstrations each, time the curtain rose ; and the players, evidently bent on placing the work at its very best before their supporters, excelled themselves. The welcome accorded to each was very hearty; in the cases of the bencficiaire and of Mr. Warner the greeting was demonstrative in the extreme, and it is certain that the merits of the play were fully admitted by one of the largest and most representative gather ing the Royal has seen for sometime. Mr. Alfred Phillips was roundly hissed, which, under the circumstances, was a compliment. We feel assured that this drama will yet find such favour with the Sydney public as to make still more inexplicable the financial shortcomings of the first season here. Friday, 5th, was devoted to Bulwer Lytton's famous play, 'The Lady of Lyons, Mr. Charles Warner resuming Claude Melnotte and Miss Ada Ward playing Pauline. It is not to be expected that in a play mounted for one night only there should be with all the com pany that strict attention to costume which the period represented, the play itself, and the repu tation of the management demand; but we do protest against the incongruity of Pauline Deschappelles so outraging the proprieties by wearing a bridal gown of most modern make ; and, even though Orange blossoms were as abundant as weeds, the bride who had but a few hours' notice of her wedding would scarcely have had her gown so covered with flowers. The dress and the demeanour nearly made ridiculous what is one of the most touching and powerful scenes iii the play. 'Mrs. Sidney and Mr. Oily Deering made an oddly assorted couple as parents of llie heroine. Mr. Vincent and Mr. Flemming fully divided honours with Mr. Warner. The extraordinary record, in which during eight days he has piaj'ed Hamlet, Badger, Claude Melnotte, Coupeau, and Captain Swift, was completed by his appearance on Satur day last as Macbeth. Shakespeare's famous tragedy has not been seen in Sydney since 1SS4, when Miss Genevieve Ward and Mr. W. H. Vernon represented the usurper and his queen. Mr. Warner's revival, in addition to the interest at taching to his impersonation, will be memorable for the reappearance of Miss Augusta Dargon after an absence of nine years from the stage. For the greater part of this time this accomplished trage dienne lias made her home in New South Wales, and lias gathered round her many friends, who, on the opening night, joined with many others, whoso vivid memory of the lady's triumphs made her appearance a matter for rejoicing, in mani festing their pleasure by presenting floral trophies and by 8 demonstration of welcome 'which must have been exceedingly gratifying. Miss Dargon, during her retirement, has passed through severe domestic affliction and physical suffering, which 'have left their mark, and, on the rirst night, hrr voice, unaccustomed to the strain, showed signs of fatigue, and in places one missed the former fire. The reading of the letter announcing the honours conferred on Macbeth and the coining of Duncan was admirable; also in her reception of the King and in the banquet scene, Lady Macbeth Katisned all listeners ; and there was a world of true pathos as, when trying to rouse Macbeth, she spoke of her feelings as a mother — such an agony in the tones that one feared lest the words of vengeance would be lost. They, however, were given with full force. The artistic elements in Miss Dars;on's portraiture are true as of old. The cliange6 are due to the causes mentioned above ; and if there are any short comings they are outweighed J)y the pleasure which would not at present have been attainable without Miss Dargon's aid. The Macbeth of Mr. Charles Warner is necessarily impressive. He looks every inch a king as he towers above all others of the warriors round him ; he accepts the prediction of the weird sisters without any sign of the awe which news from such a source would be likely to cause, and bears himself before Duncau as if feeling himself one whom the king delighteth to honour. The fury of wrath was well simu lated after the murder, and the agitation at the appearance of lianquo's ghost was finely worked up. At news of the death of his Queen and in the scene with Macduff Mr. Warner ful filled all expectations. The defects of the first night were those of circumstances sufficiently ex plained to any reflective spectators by read ing the record of the week's work. It is not given to cue mortal to excel in every branch of art, nor for an artist to transform himself perfectly from such a charac ter as Coupeau to that of the Scottish thane ; but more than enough has been done to prove Mr. Warner a most versatile and gifted artist and to make the community his debtors. Mr. Vincent as Macdulr, Mr. Fiemmiiig as Malcolm, and Mr. Marsh as liauquo gave valuable support. Locke's music, which forms so prominent a part in the supernatural sections oi 'Macbeth,' was ade quately rendered. A numerous and efficient band of weird sisters, clad in ghostly grey, sang the con certed music. Miss Heath was the chief singing witch, and summoned Hecate in a clear soprano, though some of the hooded forms were possessed of masculine voices, and one or two were cer tainly full-toned basses. Hecate was ably repre sented by Mr. Harold King, who possesses a bari tone voice of fine quality and range, scarely heavy enough for- the part — written for bass — but aton ing for this by scholarly use of his powers, and by commendable ease and action as the central figure in such a motley group, ilr. Oily Deering, Miss Ada Ward, and Mrs. Sidney were the magic three who wrought the spells for Macbeth' s de struction. As stated above, exactitude in all details is not looked for in a revival for one night; but certain incongruities should not have been permitted in Macbeth. A drop-scene so marked in character as to be appropriate for a section, of the Reformatory in. ' It's Never Too Late to Mend' should not have been used as a background for Macbeth and his fol lowers. Velvet was not invented until three centuries after Macbeth's death, and lace was not known until later. The veil or eouvrccheff of a lady in the period would be of fine samite — the material immortalised in verse, and beautiful alike in wool or silk. Woollen stuffs, cloth or serge, should have been. worn, for the cloaks and mantles, and these of blue, red, yellow, and purple. The bronze velvet cloak of Macbeth is wrong in colour, fabric, and shape; it belongs to the fifteenth rather than the eleventh century. Nor was ermine used much before the time of Edward III. The woollen fabrics of the present time are so excellent, and the variety in texture and colour bo great that it is difficult to under stand actors or costumiers -whose business it is to know what apparel is suitable to the parts represented making Euch errors. In this and other respects the present revival is not the suc cess anticipated, though the attendance and the reception by the public have been most satisfactory. Saturday's muster exceeded that of the Thursday previous. For his final appearance on Friday a monster bill was provided by Mr. Charles Warner, of which notice must be given next week. This evening Mr. Charles Arnold opens with 'Hans, the Boatman,' to be played for five nights only, and followed by ' Sinbad the Sailor,' for which great preparations are being made. 