Chips and Chaff. Tins Evi.is'} Pas3iow. — ' I wonld bo obliged to yon if you would tako your foot off my seal nkin cloik,' paid a lady in a hor«o-car. ' STad^mR, you h:tvo bo»n swindlcl. I am in tho buninenn. That cloak is plush.' Polito clerk (ihowinggoods)— 'Iloro is somo thing I would liko to call vour attention to, lany, its tno very iiuii ining out. Jura. Rounder (absently) — 'If thoro'H anything out later than my husband 1 11 tuko it, if only for a curiosity. ' Lio i. Timo, 11 a.m.— Mothor : 'Now mind, Johnnie, thoro's a ghodt in that dark nlowt guarding tho jam I' Johnnie tramblen violontly and commenced to water at the mouth. Lie It. Timo, 2 p.m. — Johnnio : ',Ob, mumrna. Tho ghost hun oaton half of tho jam.' Hustiko Itkm. — Hunter— ' Woll, farmer, you told us your plaoo was a good plaso for hunting ; now wo havo trampol it for three hours and found nognmo.' Farmer — 'Just so. I calcalato, as n (ronoral thing, tho loss gamo there in tho more hunting you havo, so I don't itoo -what you nro kicking about.' A Lovk MA.TCU.— Miss VI vanity : 'SoMins Prottygirl is to bo married, I hrarr' Mian Auldity : 'That In what I. am told.' Miss V. : ' Ih it it luvn mntali f' Miss A. : ' Oortoinly ! Sho always lovod monoy, and I 1111 i?orst»nd that tho unforluiiiito gentleman lias plenty of it.' Toueho (aliily) : ' Wh*t, workinif old inanj? I'm jimtJolY for tho dog nhow ' Bilious (wear ily: 'What prize aro you trying for?' Toiicha (angrily) : ' woll, sir I'm not onterod in tho porpy list, at any rate !' Bilious (promptly) : 'Thanks, awfully. That gives my pupa walk over.' Mr«. van Alstyno wan engaging a cook yes terday in a Sixth Avcnun employment bureau, and after tho details of tho engagement had hecn arranged got down t/- kit/ihnn etiquotto. II Now, Aloysa,' sho naid, 'how many followors havo you i' ' Ouly ono, maam, an' Iio'h Httlo and wake and don't ute much.' On his arrival at u fashionablo watoriup; placo Herr A ? mot Herr I! ? audhis family about to return to Berlin with hag and bag gago. A. : ' What ! (ioing baok to town so soon? Why, the seiiHoniii not ovoryct.' B. (whnna two danghtors hnvobecomo ongaged) : 'IWhat'h tho good of Hlaying any longer? I've Hold out.' Bavkd fiiost a Bovoott. — ' So you aro mnr ried !' uxulaimMl ram, us thoy mut in front of thopoHt-offico. 'Yes.' 'Aud to Mr. JJlank ?' 'Yiw.' ' But I thought you brokii your on - gagoment with him i' 'I did — almost, but ho throutouiid to havo mo boycotted, and I thought it bast to marry him .' A minister's little dauffhtor, who had boon to church for tho fir«t timo, and heard her father r-roaoh. wan iiiiostionod bv him on roaah ing home as to how shn liknd tho sormou. There was an embarrassed bilonco; thon the little maid, tired out with the long strain of boing good,' and yet anxious not to offend in any way mado answer, with it little long-drawn breath of patient resignation, ' ' You jirjuohod itwful long, papa, but I beared it.' 