[?] J Bv JOHN K. LEYS, I "Tho Lindsays," "Dr. , Bcroni's bccrot," I Atrtl® o> 'frunt Befcrajed, oto. I CHAPTER XV. E anew ausri oi oi.\ I T>ora Tremayno rouolico. jura, ltou- « j to«nK.room, Miss Dangorfiold was ! one of tho couchoa reading a novol. ; cartl,„nt forward und greeted lire. Rodfern, P"" ??n wcnt up to Olivia, offering 00 J" Miss Daugorfiold extended; her hot na" ,'i, n natron .sing air. but without ; tho trouble of altering her position in i that hor visit would be thrown i flora 1 i,0 impossible to Bpoak with ' y/rccd"i to Mrs. Redforn while Olivia' eat i fyt Tm't 'this a dreadful tiling, Miss Tremayno, f- .Aniu Cuutuin Everett f" said tho widow, Ilimo't bero the visitor had taken hor- seat. «T almost- think it is worse than my poor bus- . pB death— more shocking. It makes ovory - body talk of us, and in such un unpleasant listened in nmazemont. It was iin- _Vjlil0 f0r hor to nndorstand Mrs. Rodfom's looking at things. Tho widow seemed ffL heartless more from stupidity than from positivo badness of disposition ; or "ftor sho had too littlo sonso to avoid Jtikitinir to tho wholo world how small the capability of, feoling with which « What surprises mo," said Dora, when alio toditeadiod hor voico so as to bo ableto speak SSiout showing her emotion, " what sur- Iam mo is that anyone' knowing Captain Swott should over for ono moment ima- that ho is capable' of suohacrimo. Por- EJs I ought to toll you," Bho addod with a certain prido in hor tono, "that Captain Evorctt and I aro engaged. " . «' What do you say?" scroamod Mrs. Bddfcrn. " Engaged to him. Poor thing. I mn so sorry for you. But, of course, you will Week it off at once." 11 1 have no desire to broak tho ongagomont," «aDora, quietly. Atthia point Miss Dangcrnold roso, yawned mtentatiously, wentovorto o tablo whera somo -wnnncs w'cro lying, turuod them over, IJSJted ono, and without troubling borself to bestow apartinglook at Mrs. lledforn's visitor, slowly went out of tho room. a why doos Miss Dangerfiold disliko mo so, Hrt.ItoJfcrn ?" asked Dora, gladof an excuso (or changing tho subject. ¥ lho widow gave a sharp glanco at tlio doorof | the roam to mako euro it was proporly closed I before sho answered : S " Well, I bavo somotimcs thought sho had a | ptmihom/ for your beau," sho answored, with | » little nod. (Mrs. Itedforn was very fond of 1 using a French word now and tlion, when sho | fancied sho could do so with impunity.) 1 Dora opened hor eyos. I » My dear Mrs. Itedforn, I am so Borry to I hoar this. I do hopo you aro wrong." £ i'ldon'ttmuklam." , I i'I hail no idea of such a thing. On 1 the contrary, I' liavo fancied sometimes that thorn was something between her and Mr.. Daris." " Only on ono side," answered Mrs. Itodfcrn with another sagacious nod. " Betwoon our selves I think ho is a very good match for Olivia i hut sho persists in turning up her noso sthim." " So Dr.Itodforn can hardly have stood in his assistant's way in this matter," thought Dora tohorself. "Dr. Davis is still staying hero, I supposo'i"' sho addod aloud, for somothing better to say. " Oh, yes, it was nocossary that tho practice should bo kept together. I faucy that Mr. Payno, my poor huBband's oxeoutor, you know, will mako an arrangement to soil tlio practico right out to him. After all, ho knows tho patients, and a strnngor might havo a difficulty in reaching thorn, as thcro would be no ono to introduco him personally. But it would not havo been my husband's wish that Dr. Davis should succeod him." V Dora had hardly been listening to tho widow's talk. She had been thinking how baseless the idea had been which suggested that Dr. Davis could havo any interest 111 causing tho death of. his employer, and wondering in what othor quarter sho was to sock a cluo to the mystery, when sho found that Jlrs. Rodfern was pausing ..for a roply. Almost mechanically Bho re peated tho widow's lost words in tho form of a 1 question: " Oh, Dr. Redforn did not intend that Dr. Tremayno, my husband did not particularly IkoDr, Davis. He Baid he was shallow and conceited, and rnthor shirked tho work; and ho hadmade up his mind to got rid of him and csgago another assistant." Dora was fairly Btartled by tlicso words. Sho hod been a moment ago forced to confess to toraelf that her suspicions of Dr. Davis wore uttolylgroundlcss, and suddenly it appeared lie had a motivo, and a tolerably Btrong one, for desiring Dr. lledforn's death, Sha was so mrjiriscd that sho started visibly, and gave a "What is it? Is anything tho .matter?" sakedMrs. Keilfern. "Oh, nothing. I bavo boon so nervous lately, that I often start at nothing at all." "I can Bympathiso with you, I nm suro, Miia Tremayno. AVhon I whs ongagod to my poor dour Tom— ray first husband, you know — hewnsill for throowooks with small-pox. It via nothing like so bad as your trouble, I know ; yot I was bo aolicato, and sympathetic, the doctors callod it, that tlio least thing upsetmo." Mrs. ltedfern's sympathy was like salt laid upon an open wound ; but Dora managod to Wo her feelings, and oven to produco Bomo tiling liko tho ghost of a. smile. ' Someone Baid at tho inquest that. Dr. heufem worked too hard," sho remarked, after apauso, - i.'.m0,', s0. vory hard, not so as to hurt his nalth, returned tho widow. '"But it was not Davis s fault if ho did not," sho added knost spitefully. "Davis did nothing like his tare of tho work, or just hurried it over.' That u why my poor husband wanted to get rid' of d!'-,?-??11''? kavo been a bad thing for Dr. an, . knn sent away." y . . 01 courso it would. Especially as tlioro ta a grout attraction' liorp in the slinpo j' Mrs. Redforn glanced in the wtioa of the coiling to indicate Miss Danger- think," began Dora— it was a Imt6ach a question, but thoro .. ,?rnat,ve-" d<> you think Dri Rod- o# actually guvo Dr. Davis notica to leavo '?" viilnJ" 6i? don't know," returned tlio IlinV L. , ,m,ay ',av0 ona 80 i but I almost M I??1'0UM havo mentioned it to mo if ho ollt," amo""1 01 B'x weeks sinco lio spoko gv? 1?,?1?,a,1rai(l push tho matter further, tho k,»„D subject, and began to speak of ' taitnmf? 3, okaruoter of Mrs. lledforn's WSbmiIIi.1i" wI,c« tkat matter had been »tla( lscussed, sho brought her visit to »'P. was evidently' to ascertain al iu &£ Davis was under notico to lcavo K;'m8.of Dr. lledforn's death or not. kekeDn.i.i" 0 dono ? To intorrogato She wmto Jumself was out of tho question. kjeraii!iJ10>v?lLer',to Mr- Jenuor ; and tho wwswerea her letter in person. Mholoiivlli on"or keard what Dora had to some seconds Vr k'rtlvoi and did not ropily for I Jcnacr'1' JjH koaril somotliing too, Mr. I " I Iiiv 'm . " 1 800 your face." I torroborateu vm.l01'1' S? ' " nni1 my information iellow to nrio till' c?GnK0<l a vory sharp butler, n,,,i "10 "ifiuuintunco of Bankos, tlio tee® that ill',?,!1 '10 could from liira. It too or tbren t; 18 a ciuki to which ho goes « thoevculn,! ""11 11 wcok for <"> hour or two <0 tbo club frown, my man, got admitted colly, H0 Li, l,lImpod Bankos most seiontifi- ke'weeu all (l,?10 was a Perfect harmony . oxcont ,"1!)m,K;r3 Or- Redfern's Jedlcru himself ,.)J'CCI11 Or. Davis and Dr. kavo, or die,, „i,;,-i-j!0 older doctor seomed to Pkdut uRuiusP ti "Otuo ground of com-' ocribcs us trLl ? youtKor ; while Davis ho ko cooluess wnK1! UI ready to tako offonco. Jtoililburdlysnoakfi?" 1 I1,"1' attimo8 tlioy tjjeyaetat tuhlo t! n Ca, o'kor, oxeoiit wlieu "FKccii thouehi i7? 8 opinion tlioyoung cfent cousida, 0 Wa,8 uot treated with sufti- Joctor thought t),,,!1! . rc8l>ect, wliilo tho old . J" Place. It L,? ",9, Msmtoiit woe notflt for ",at V'8 imagined that !?'h what Mrs" nn '"JPatice. Coupled l'u tola yu it is vory "Id ucf'nt Jori' weak of mo, Mr. Jcnner." ping on with th!i?"t0U you ow 1 8hrink ke soliJt0o"rc?ld"y,1<1a' Mia3 Tromayn," Jreadlul to l?u" actili'fllu But. !t 8cems so tert Supposo D- l)ai't of a man- iaB9fCllljtam Everett f" 9 1,0 aa iuu0' MoodedlawTOr ""Onl?10"3!' irritated tho cold- We or other mnat gniify, 88 far 03 1 con see," ho said, firmly. "But you will plauui.lj aomombor thatl did not advise this unusual mode of proceeding. It is for thu -prosecution to provo Captain Evorott's guilt ; lit) need not prove his mnoconoo by showing that somebody else committed tho deed." " But would not his chance of oscapo bo vory much greater if it could ho shown that sotncouoolso liml an interest — as they say ho had — in Dr. Rodfcru'a death ?" " Undoubtedly." " Then f must go on with it. What is to ho done next ?" " lhu next thing is to find out whothcr tho notice of dismissal which Dr. Rodfern thought of giving his assistant was really sent." " And how can wo ascertain that ?" "Of courao, it would not do to question Dr. DnviB liimself._ AVo must look for documentary evidence. It is possible, though not voiy likoly, that if Dr. Ilodfem gavo his assistant a written notico of dismissal I10 may liavo kopt a copy of it. But thoro 13 anothor diflioulty. Dr. Roilfern's papers wore taken away by tho polico." A heavy sigh escaped from Dora's lips. On ovory side tlioro woro doubts, misgivings, oh- stacles. If only sho had ono friond, ono sym pathising heart to rest upon. And tlion lior thoughts turned onco moro, as they often did, to _ Captain Everett. What Bupport ami guidance I10 would liavo givon in such tiino ot difliculty and trouble. But it was ho, lying helpless and alono, within tho prisou walls, who nccdod assistanco ; and tho thought norvod tho girl's heart ouco moro. Ho had no ono hut horself to help him 1 A bright thought struck hor. "The polico could not keop Dr. Rodfern's papors for over. They might wont to koon some, perhaps, hut they would surely send back tho rest aftor looking them through ?" " It is possiblo,- certainly." "Who will got thorn when (boy do como back — Mrs. Reuforn?" " The doctor's executor, Mr. Payno, would havo tho custody of them." ' " Then I will ask him to lot mo boo them." ' Tho la wy or fsijiilod compassionately. " I am afraid it is hopoless to expect that ho would allowyou to reud them," ho said. Doru did not liko the pitying smile ; lrat eho took no ofi'cnco. "Can you think of any other way of find ing out what wo wont to know ?" sho asked, gravoly. " I confess I cannot." . " Thou I will sco Mr. Payne at onco. After all, I can but try." Tbo lawyor then dopartod, loavingDonimoro dcprcssod in mind than ho had found hor. Somehow un iutcrviow with Mr. Tonnor always had this ofioct on tlio girl's Bpirits. Often she was tempted to givo up in despair tho task of proving her lover's innocence ; hut nover so rauoh us when Mr. Jennor's eyes woro upon her, and hiB cold tonos sounding in her cars. Many a time she wished she had a more sympathising advisor ; hut it was ira- lOBsihlo to got . rid of Mr. Jonnor, ovon if she lud known of a more holpful counsellor. CHAPTER -XVI. THE SDSWOIOJf IS COOTIHMED. Remembering Mr. Jennor's words, it was with Bomo trepidation that Dora sot out next morning to call on Mr. Payno. Sho clioso an burly hour, as slio thought tho lawyer would bo moro likoly to ho disengaged than later in tho day ; and as it turned out slio judged correctly. Aftor a littlo delay sho was shown into Mr. Payno's room. Hohandedhora chair, seated himself, took off his spectacles, laid thom 011 liis desk, and waited to near what his visitor had to say. " I beliovo, sir," said Dora, " you aro Dr. Rodfern's executor ?" Tho old gentlomnn bowed politoly but said nothing. "-And I think you also aro, or woro, afriand of his nophow, Captain Evorott ?" Mr. Payne's face bocamo gravo in an instant. Ho oven flushed slightly. Again ho bowed, this time ratliormoro stiffly. . " It is for his Bako— Captain Evorott's— that I am hero," said Dora, and as sho spoko slio know that Bho was blushing painfully. What was sho to say next ? Sho was so anxious to ho sensible and business-like, to put hor own sickening fours, her own footings in tho background. But tho lawyor was wait ing in silonco for her noxt words. Sho must say somothing. "Mr Payno," sho said, abruptly, "do you know whether Dr. Redforn had dismissed his assistant, Dr. Davis, Bliortly boforo ho died ?" Dora could not havo spoken moro to tho point. Mr. Payno was startlod out of Ms com posure. Had he, tho executor, ollowcd an -. assistant who bad boon dismissed, or bad beon- itnianrht— Wiwtliwk'va-dismissal.tOj-earrr ontb doctor's practice ? Ho ma 'noTrukornoriatii ; and lio hardly knew how to answer tho quc's- tion. > " What reason havo you Kir thinking that Dr. Davis had had notico to loave ?" ho asked, at longtli. Dora thought that her best policy was to bo straightforward. " Mrs. Redforn told mo so," slio ropliod. Mr. Payno moved uneasily in his chair. " Told you what ?" ho said, almost sharply. " That Dr. llcdfem had intonded to sond Dr. Davis away aud get anothor assistant. Sho doesn't know whethor ho actually gavo him notico to leavo ; and I thought perhaps ybu could tell mo." . , . " May I ask what objootyou havo in asking tlio question?!' This was tlio quostion which Dora had boon expecting; and her answor— tho best sho could think of — was ready : . " It iB necessary I should find our in Captain Evorott's interests." ." Sho is no fool, this young lady,", was tho solicitor's inward commont. And ho was right. At that moment Dora was saying to liorsolf, " Hb looked surpriBod whon I mentioned it. Ho knows nothing about it, hut ho doesn't liko to say so." " I thought, porhaps, if tho notico to loavo had roally been givon, Bomo montion of it might ho found among Dr. Rodforn'B papers.' May I ask if you liavo thom ?" ' "Yes, tho polico returned thom. But tlio simplest way would ho to put tho question to Dr. Davis himself." " Oh, 110, no, Mr. Payno. That would no'ver do." And tlio girl blushed again'at hor own voiiomonco. > But the lawyor only nodded gravoly, . and said nothing. " I thought; perhaps you would lot mo look ovortho papors to find .out tho truth," said Dora timidly. ' b Tho solicitor almost jumped out of his chair at this audacious proposal. : " AVliat!" ho cried. "Oh, impossible— im possible!!! Mr. Jonnor, tlion, liad boon quito right. Tho way was absolutely lrnrrod. But Mr, Payno saw that tho tears liad como into tho girl's oyos,and his heart softened to wards her. " I'll toll you what I will do," ho added aftor a pause. " I will havo all tlio documents of a rocont dato ovorliaulod, to seo whothbr tlioro is any ground for tliiB idea. Of .courso, Dr. Redforn may havo said casually to liis wifo that ho thought of dis missing his assistant, without roally intending to do so— or ho may havo really mount it, and may novor havo dbno it. Still, it will bo as woU to nscortuin. I will write and toll you. tlio- rcsult of tlio oxamination— or, hotter still, you might call." Dora roso to hor foot. " AVhon shall I call?" sho asked. " Oh, in about a wook'B famo," said tbo lawyor, as bo touched bis boll. " A wook— a wholo week !" thought Dora. A wliolo wook during which nothing could ho dono, and tho day of tlio trial growing nearer ovory hour. But tlioro was no liolp for it. O110 by 0110 Dora counted tho days as thoy wont by ; mid 011 tlio appointed morning sho onco moro pre sented horself at Mr. Payno's ofllco. Somehow slio thought that the lawyor b manner was stiller aud colder than it had hecu on hor previous visit. "AVell, Miss— Miss Tremayno, wo havo boon over tlioso papors, and I may say tlmt wo liavo found nothing to load us to supposo that your conjecture with regard to Mr. Davis is founded Oil fact." , "Oh, do lot mo soorcli formysolf, sir,' slio ciiod. involuntarily Bprihgiug to her foot. You don't understand. Captain Evorott and X oro oncaged. I liavo hoon to boo him 111 prison, xlo is funocont— I know ho is innocent ; but ho may bo condoraned if — _ . . .... " Sit down, ray dear young lauy, Baiutno old gontloraon in a much knidot tone. . oit down and try to composo yourself. »Vliy aro you bo anxious to overhaul those papers r u BccauBo X want to show that others may havo boon intorestod in Dr. lledforn's death ua well as Captain Everett,0 said Dora, boldly: dear young lady, this is a very serious matter. You should leavo such things to Cap tain Evorott's lawyers.0 ' , " But what Ctiu thoy do ? What do tho caro ? Ho has no ono but mo — no ono "Well, well, I'll seo what can bo dono. I don't sco that thoro could bo any great harm in your looking over tho papors if vou bring mo a . noto from Captain Everett, Baymg that hp con- eidors it necessary for tho purposo of his ue- fonco. But you must not romovo any of tliem. l will givo you a .room upstairs wliero you can work undisturbed— unlc£» you cbnngo youi mind and tako ray clerk's word that there is nc moUiion 01 dismissing Dr.- Davis 111 any of tbo documents-' - Doia could hardly Bpoak hor tlmnks, and slio' wont away full of hope., Evontho smallest ray of. light ia wolcomo when tlio night .13 black around 113. . ri thure were delays. Tho uoto from Captain Everett had to bo obtained through Mr. Jonner, anil Mrs. Fairfield's vory natural scruples and objections had .to bo answored. At length, however, Mrs. Fairfield gavo tho re quired permission ; and a foggy Novoinboe morning found Dora seated in a dusty, firoloss httlo room in tlio lawyer'B ofiico, with a wholo pile of lottors, documents, and account hooks before her. ' . - Of course it was not nocossary to search very far hack— two months at most; for Mrs. Roil- forn had fixed a month before lior husband's death _ as about tliotimo ho had mentioned liis intention to her. Dora began with tho lottcrs, and patiently waded through somo scores of tliem. Dr. Davis's uamo did not occur in ono of them. Then Bho went, through tho hooks — day-book, memoranda, oven the cash-hook and tlio counterfoils .in the clioquo-book— nil in vain. After that slio took up tho letter-hook con taining press copies oil thin paper of letters written by Dr. Rodfom to various correspon dents. Patiently Dora waded through thorn all, paining her oyes to read tho faint qnd blurred impression in tho dall light of tho winter's day ; and sho cama to tho last of tliem without moot ing ono word, ono hint, of what slio wanted to know. This completed tho list of the hooks and documents which slio bad desired to search. Nearly 11 vo hours sho had spent over thom ; lior fingers wore numb with cold ; and lior heart was lioavy as lead. AVith a kind of subdued groan, sho lot tho book fall opeii on lior lap, and covered hor faco witli lior hands. Then, withdrawing liar hands, sha'sat staring almost vacantly at tho ,book before hor. AVithout knowing what sho did'j sho read tlio letter at which tho book had Opened. It was dated. 112th ; September, and was written to a man liaucd Dickinson, at Bristol, enclosing a prescription. Tbo nuinbor of tho pago, in bold black printod figures, stared lior'in tlio faco— Ml. Mechanically slio turned a page backwards. This was a lottor about a Burgioal instrument which tlio doctor had ordered and which had uot proved satisfac tory ; it, also, was dated l'ith September. Sho read tlio loltor as if it possessed great intorcst for lior, did so mechanically, as a reliof to hor ovor-burdoncd brain ; and as sho finished read ing itsho glanced at the nuiubor of tho pago — 330. 'f I must havo skipjied a pago; tlicso leaves aro so thill," sho thought to herself ; aud with a vaguo desire to sco what lay between, she tu'rnad tho leaf again. No. Thoro was nothing botweon tho two leaves. AVhoro was tho lcai numbered 3-10 ? It was missing. AVhatiftho lottor of dismissal had hoon written, and copied on this missing leaf ? Aud what if Dr. Davis bad searched tlio lotlor- beok aud torn out the copy?" With a Hushed face and an oxcitod look in hor eyes, Dora mndo her way to Mr. Payuo'b room, and placed tho hook before him. " Seo !" she cried, " a loaf has boon torn out." "So I porceivo. But what of that? Dr. Redfarnmay havo spoiled it. Or ho may havo taken a copy of somo lottor and may havo afterwards changod his mind about preserving it, and destroyed tho copy 011 purposo." " Do you think .it moans nothing, tlion ?" asked Dora. " Oh, how can wo toll what it moanB ?" said tho lawyer, pushing tho hook away with soino irritation. "As ovidoncc, it is absolutely worthless." Thoroughly discomfited, Dora crept away. On lior way homo slio passed through Bolton Square ; and Bomo impulso prompted her to call on Mrs. Redfom. Tho widow liad helped lior already. Might sho not do so a second timo? Sho ran up tlio stops and rang tlio boll. Mrs. Rodfern was at homo and alono. . " Oh, Mrs. Redforn oried Dora, as soon as thoy woro alono, " I do wish you would holp mo. " "I will if I can," said .the good-natured woman. " AVhat is it ?" , , "Ionly want to know whether Dr. Redforn really did givo Dr. Davis notico to loavo, or whathor ha only meant to do it. Ican'ttell you why, but it is of tho utmost -import ance." " AVliy don't you ask Dr. Davis ? I'll do so, if you liko." " Not just yot, ploaso, Mrs. Redforn." "Oh, I seo; there is- somo mystery about it." . y ' But Dora did not dare to confido in a person of Mrs. Rodfern's ready, tonguo. -' .,11-lncUiod, tbo secret (such as there is) is not imn.'r,It is poor Oaptaiu. Evorott 'a." . „ ' ' Roallyi'— Woiq-X-know- tliorajiLro.vTlnWs ono mnstn't.bo inquisitive about ; I consider it is so vulgar to show curiosity. Don't you, Miss Tremayno ?" " If I only could find out tho truth 1" cried Dora. Tho widow was silont for a momont. " There was a littlo momorandum-book which tho dootor used to carry about witli him in Ms watcli-pockot," said sho, after a moraont's thought. " If there is any entry such as you want to find, that would ho tho place to look for it." " Do you know whore tho memorandum- book is?" askod Dora,- with breathless anxioty. " Tho polico took' away all my husband's papors— I thought it so horrid of thom, aiid bo. unnecessary— but this was such a. littlo tiuy tliiug, thoy may havo overlooked it. I'll go aud sea if I can find it." Mrs. Redforn left tho room, and in ton minutes sho returned, with a vory small memorandum-liook 111 lior hand. "Horoitis !" bIio exclaimed triumphantly. "I found it insido a big book on my dressing- tablo. It is so thin, you seo ; tho hook lay quito flat although it was insido. It was .by tlio merest cliauco that I took up tlio book, and it fell out. I fancy tlio dootor must liavo boon rouding, and slipped in tlio note-book as a marker, and forgot to tako itout." As slio talked, tho widow was turning ovor tho leaves of the little hook. " Do bo careful to niis3 nothing, dear Mrs. Redforn 1" cried Dora, in an agony of im patience. Slowly mid doliborntoly tlio widow turned over tlio loaves. ' ".Hero it is!" sho cried, suddenly. - Twelfth September. AVroto to L. D., giviug him notino to loavo.'? . " Oh, may I seo it ?" cried Dora. Yos; it was, tlioro in tho dead man's own hand writing. 1 "You may think it Btrmigo that Dr. Rod- forn said nothing to mo -about it," said tho widow, us sho put away tho littlo note-book ; " hut tliut was just tho doctor's fault ; ho was so voryreserved. I do tliiuk 0110 can lio too ro- sorvou ; don't you, Miss Tromnyno ?" . " Yes ; hut I fancy Dr. Rodfom did not wish to disturb you with tlio prospoct of a change, ' until it was oloso at hand."/ "I daresay. you are right. My poor .bus baud was very cousidorato, too. But I think it would bo a pity to moutitm this to Mr. Payno," sho added. " Dr. Davis is getting 011 so nicely ; and it is so much ploasautor to havo liiin 111 thohouso tlianastrangor."- "I shall not Bay anything to" Mr. Payno," . answered Dora. . . I am not likoly.to .seo him ogniu. But don't you thiiik ho ought to know, if ho intends to let Dr. Davis havo thoprao- tieo ?" . . - "I'm sure I don't know," said tho widow ; " I will ask Harvey what ho thinks. But perhaps it would ho bettor uot. Harvoyis so masterful, nnd so incousidonite." Aud, glad to avoid aiisworin" still moro in convenient questions, Dora bado tho widow good ovening, aud escaped from tho houso. CHAPTER XVII. luke davis cotfsolatob.' Olivia Dangorfiold lmd found it impossiblo to remain in tlio samo room with hor successful rival— as Dora Tremayno was in hor oyes. AA'hon she loft the drawiiigroom, on tho occa sion of Dora's visit to Mrs. Rodfern, it was all sho could do to koop tho passions which woro raging in her breast from appearing in hor faco. Slio felt us if sho must bo alono, and mudolior wov at onco to lior own room, for getting that It was just then undorgoing a process of cleaning. On reaching it sho beard tlio sound of voices, and suddenly romeinbored it was no rofugo for lior. AVhoro could sho botako horself? In whatcornor would sho ho secure from interruption ? In tho library. Siuco tho doctor's death it had boon avoided by ovcrv member of tho family No oho would disturb licr there. Softlydescouding tho stairs, Olivia reaolied tho ontrauco hall ; aud pausing there for 11 momont, sho took from a small closet a lurgo riutivay rug for sho romomborod thoro would bo 110 lire ill tiio library, and that tho room would bo as cold as tho street on which the snow was falling fast. Tho library door Was locked ; hut thu kov was outsido, so that it was easy to open tlio door. Then transferring tho key to tlio other sido, eho locked horsolf in, and at last found tho solitude sho needed. Tho room was gloomy as well as cold, for tho afternoon was waning, and tho blinds wore ' drawn. Tho snow outsido deadened tho sound ; < of tho footsteps of tho fow pooplo who wore na«8iiig, and mado tho lioisoof tho . carnages i which occasionally crossed at tho other sido of the square, dull,, -nul distant, as if ma dream. .Throwing hersuli 011 tho couch — tho couch on winch a Tew weeks bororoDr. Rodfom's dond body had rested— lho girl gavo herself up to tho Jitdulgcnco of her feelings, Thoro is always a luxury .111 giving tho reins to any strong omotion, oven grief itsolf ; nnd in Olivia's heart mora than 0111: footing was straggling for predominance. At 0110 momont griof , pure and .innocent in itself, overciutio her. Tho loss of Captain Evorott vros more than sho could boar ; and the poor girl foolishly spent many minutes 111 recalling his l'uce, liis luo&, the kind words ho had sometimes Bpokuu to her, tho pleasant talk, and tho merry laugh with which tho roomwus alwaynbrightenedwlionhoontorodit. Howprond sho would havo been of her Boldior-husband. 1 How luippy sho would liavo lioen with him, and how happy sho would havo mado him. Then a flood of tears rolioved her ; and before thoy were dried sho hoard voices and stops iu the hall. It was Dora oil hor way out. \- This turned Olivia'B thoughts into a now climmcl. How alio hated that girl, with hor quiet, reserved air, and hor dignified carriago. Gladly at that luomeut would tlio cliild-liko creature lying on tho couch liavo' dono lior rival a mortal injury. Sho clonchod her hands till tho tiny nails bit into lho skin, as sho thought that sho— tho girl whom she lmd never liked, who was a contrast to horsolf in ovcry particular— should rob her heart of its treasure. Sho folt as if rovengo would bo Bweotcrthan tho gratification of lovo itsolf. And by degrees thiB bitter footing spread to tbo man who bad boon the causo of Her humilia tion and her Buffering. AVhat right had ho, after behaving liimsolf so as to cuuso hor to loso hor heart, to soak another ? Ho was the ono to bliuno. Sho hardly know whotlier oho loved or hated Mm most. It was with a savagojoy sho romcuibored that ho too was suffering, In tin) midst of hor mental wandorings Olivia hoard a footstep, not in tho hall, hut 011 tho stops connecting tho library with tho surgery. It had not occurred to hor that Bho might ho disturbed from that direction : Distinctively :sho raised horsolf to a sitting position, and then remained porfectly still, l'ho door oponcd and Luko Davis entered hur riedly. Going straight to ono of tho bookcases, ho solected a volume, and then, crossing to tho window, I10 pulled up tho bliud and- began to turn ovor tho loaves ot tho book ho wished to consult. Olivia roinaincd porfoctly still. Ho had not noticed that anyone besides hiniBclf was in tho room. Ferhups ho might go out without per ceiving hor. But as ho closed the book and took a stop towurds thobookcasolto roulaco it on the shelf, ho caught sight of Olivia, sitting orect and polo on . tho sofa. So thoroughly was ho startlod that tho book fell from Ms hand. Ha stooped to pick it up, and wlieu lie raised his hoad ho was blusbmg liko a girl. Olivia- gavo a little laugh at bis discom fiture. " I bog your pardon, I am sure, Miss Dan- gorfiold ; I baa no idea yon were hero. Don't you find it vory cold ?" said tho young dootor. " No, not particularly. I camo horo for a littlo quiet." ' " Something lias happenod to disturb you — to distress you," ho said, gontly drawing near hor as lio spoko. . " Oh, no," said Olivia, ; turning her faco away. j " I wish you would toll mo what is troubling you — that is if I ciin bo of any uso." Olivia said to horsolf that slio wished tho man wore gono ; but it was only a protonco. Sho wasfooling very lonoly ; aud though sho could not toll bun tho causo of hor misery, his sym pathy was pleasant to hor. " It is nothing of any importanco," sho answored, still keeping liar faco averted. " If I only liad tho right to comfort you," cried Dr. Davie. If Olivia lmd boon told five minutes boforo that she would liavo listened to such words witlitoleranco, aud ovon with something of com- plucoucy, sho would have rejected tho idea us un insult. But that would only havo heou because sho did not know licr own lioart. Most pooplo say thoy aro astonished when thoy hoar o£ a rejected lover marrying somebody olso iu six months, uud thoy talk of hrolcon hearts which aro oasily healed, aud so forth. Nino out of ten of thom would do exactly tho Baino thing. Tho soul is as intolerant of pain us is tho body, aud when it is injured it craves a boating salvo, ins much as does a wounded linih. _ Fow are strong ouough to reject such cousolntiou as they can como by ; aud ovon with thom, it is us often prido as any dcoper fooling which makes tliom faithful to an unrequited dud barren affection. -But, Olivia did not/intend to accopt Dr. I IDavis's sympathy boyoiid a coftainqpointis .; "'""You uruvory kind," slid murmured, "still without looking up. Dr. Davis's love had been so long koptou vory small crumbs of comfort , that lio was dolightod with this roply. Ho fanciod, too, that it was spoken in a gantlor tono than I10 had been accustomed to ; owl this encouraged him to go 011. " You kuow it would ho tho dearest wish of my lifo to guard you from all trouble aud annoyance — from ovorything which could bring so much as 0110 toiir to your eyes," ho said earnestly. Olivia mado no reply. It was vory gratifying to find that in ouo heart, nt least, Bho still roignod supremo. If only ho' would .stop at that point of devotion. " Dear Miss Dangorfiold," said tlio young doctor, taking tho girl's sluudor fingers iu Ids own, " if only you would accont my lovo. " ilo could linrdly liavo spokou hottor, but Olivia was not pleased. " I do wish you would not rovert to that suli- icot," Bho said, irritably snatching away hor Land. " I am very glad to liuvo yonr friend ship, and I am grateful for it ; hut when ybu go 011 in that way you spoil all." a Luko Davis buw that ho uiUBt be patient. Ho sighed aud turuod away. " Surely I10 will go now," said tho girl to horself. But sho roully did not wish him to go ; and so long us lio could remain noar hor, Xiukn Davis had no mind to depart, ' AVaan't that Miss Tremayno who was calling a littlo ugo ?" ho asked, solocting thu first topic that occurred to him. "Yes." Dr. Davis wns not quick of porcoption ; but tbo tono in" which this was said did not oscapo him. . " Olivia dislikes hor," lio said to hiinsolf ; " can it bo (hat sho is joalous of hor ?" Half a dozen littlo thiugs not . thought of at the timo — toucs, looks, unimportant words, smilos — roourrod.to Ms moinory. Ho liad long before sottloil in his own mind- that it must ho Captain Evorott whom Olivia proforrod to him self. If sho was jealous of Dora Tromayiio, it .sooinod clear that it must bo liocauso Captain ' Evorott preferred Dora to hor. If so, surely that promisod woll for liiin — Luko Davis. As tlio youug doctor turned these things ovor in his mind, Olivia's thoughts wore busy iu anothor direction. All tho bad passions which Dr. Davis's prosonco had dissipated returned in full foreo at Ms mention ot Dora's namo. The light which gleamed for a momont ill Olivia'b oyc3 was flcrco ill its bate. Slio oven allowed wild, impossible thoughts of rovengo to tako possession,' of hor mind. Could not Dr. Davis, slio . woridorod,- manngo to givo this oreaturo a stooping draught from which sho would novor wako ? Slio wondered whothor it had really been ho who poisoned Dr. Redforn, Sho told Lorsolf that if hor lover would consent to bo tho iustrumontof hor vongouiico hor hand should ho his reward. Sho did not roally mean it. Shu did not soriously 'contemplate marry ing a raurdoror or bocoming 0110 liursolf, hut it ptooscd hor to gratify tho longing for rovengo 111 hor lioart by indulging in theso fancies. "I had unidcn that Captain Evorott admired MissTroinayuo," said Luko Davis. Ha said it merely ns a fcolor, and ho was not propurod for tlio answer which followed. " Sho lias engaged herself to him." " Is it possiblo ? Poor thing!" Davis ex claimed, involuntarily. " I don't seo why Bho is to ho x>iticd," said Olivia, sharply. "Not to hopitiodl Engaged to a man witli such a dreadful cliargo hanging ovor his hoad!" : " But ho must bo acquitted. Hecanuotbo guilty." Thau, suddenly struck by somotliing ui hor companion's faco, sho addad : " You do not supxioso for a moment that ho is really guilty'1"' , „ " Oh, of courso uot." " Dr. Davis, do you roally mean that pooplo gonorally <lo think liiin guilty ?" "I am afraid thoy do," was tho answor, given attar a little hesitation'. " But why Bhould suspicion light 11x1011 Mm nuy mora than upon you or mo, or anyone olso iu tho homo ?" " Became lio liad an opportunity, nt toast ho may bavo had an oxiporlumty, of administering thopoiBon." " But y)u hud that, and Bankos, tho butlor, ns woll as ho." a " Mibs Diifigorfiold," said tlio doctor 111 alow tono, " tlnro is 1111 old provorb that is a pretty sure guide 111 such cases. It bids 11s usk Cni bono / — tint is, AVho would hcnoilt by it ? Now, any ouo might reap some benefit acciden tally, as it wore, by another's death; hut, apart freii that kind of thing, what moinbor of tlio Tamil' stood to xiroflt by tho death of tho Xioorold (cntleman? Not Mrs. ltcdforu, cer tainly, nor you, nor any of tho servauts. Nor Harvoy Prescolt. Ho did not tako Hny thing under his stepfather's will, uud ho knew I10 would tako notMug, as lio hail means of his own. Dr. Rodforu did uot stand 111 his way in tho slightest degroo. Then tlioro is iiivboW and Captain Evorott. I put myself out oi tlio qu stion, for oven had I desired to givo tho poison, 1 had 110 opportunity of doing it— and for that matter, tho only ono, pructicnlly, who had tho omiortunity was Captain Everett. "But tlio point is this. Captain Everett was tho ono to benefit by his uiicIo'b death. Ho know that his unclo had made a new will, by which ho was (so to say) cutoff witli a stalling; and ho knew that that will only needed his uncle's signature." "But——" " I know what you are going to say— that thoy were reconciled that ovening. But how are wo to know that? Supposing that Captain Evorott wore really guilty, do you think it likely that I10 would admit that ho toft lho house that night unreconciled to liis uncle ? Tho admission would havo put tho ropo around his neck at once. If tlio reconciliation did not tako place, it is plain that Dr. ltedfern's death mount wealth instead of poverty for his nephew— anil tho old man dies ef xioisoii half an hour aftor his nophow leaves tho house !" For some moments Olivia said nothing. By this timo it had bucoino nearly dark ; it was too .dark for Dr. DaviB, who stood a littlo way off, tojsco tho oxpression of her face. " Tlion what weighs so heavily against Cap tain Evorett is, that it is supposed lie bail a strong reason for desiring liis uncle's dentil ?" '"Iliat and tho fact that I10 know vvboro the poison was kept, and that lie alono liad the op- porlunity of administering it." " But if it could bo shown that Dr. Rodfern aud ho really did part good friends ?" " I should tliink that would socuro liis ao- quittal. I don't sco how any jury could con vict Mm if that were proved. But how could it 00 xirovod r" " Dr. Davis, it is gotting vory dark," said Olivia, suddonly. " Really, I ought ' not to Btay hero any longer, hut I find thiB chat with you has douo mo so mucli' good ; it has quito' arivon my headache away." ' And almost before tho ypuiig doctor could utter a purting word Olivia hail reached tho door. Avith a singlo adroit Tnovcmout sho turned both tho hViulh; and the key at tho samo momont, so that her companion should uot bo abto to porceivo that tbo door had bcon locked ; and then, having gained tho lisll, sho hastily retreated to tho uppor part of tlio houso. CHAPTER XATH. A NEW PIECE OP EVXDSNOB TUESS VI. It was with pardonable prido that Dora told Mr. Jonnor tlio result of hor researches among Dr. Redfern's papers. Sho was so .anxious to communicate tho important news of tbo diary that sbo did not put off timo by sending for tbo lawyer, but coaxed Mrs. Fairfiold to let her pay him a ilying -visit iu person. " I saw tho littlo memorandum-book my- solf," said Dora, as sho told lior story ; " and I saw it was in Dr. Redforu's own handwriting. Don't think that I bring any charge against Dr. Davis," Bho added, suddonly. " Ho may he as innocent as you or I. But, ns I under stand it, Captain Everett's danger arises greatly from this— that he bud (or may havo had) a motivo for wishing for his unclo's death. Now I can show that somebody oIbo had Buch a motivo as well as ho. Then thoro is tlio leaf torn out of tho lottor-book on tho vory dato of tho ontry in tho littlo diary — tbo 12th of Soi>- tembor." Mr. Jonner nodded gravely. In truth, ho Was thinking that ho - would almost cliaugo ilaoos with Everett, if only lio hud such a ovoly advocate to givo horbrnin and heart and tonguo in, Mb cuubo. And, indeed, Dora did. look beautiful, in spito of hor tliin checks and tho dark spots under hor oyes, as, her chcoks flushed with tho excitement of hope, sho qioured forth her littlo story . " Thoro can lio no question that you havo mado a most important discovery. Miss Tre mayno," said tho lawyor, attongtli. " But I am afraid that it will lose half its foreo unless wo can showjtbat Dr. Davis was in tho library, or, at least, that I10 might havu been there, aftor tho coffoo wns brought into tho room. Captain Evorott said at tlio inquest, you will remember, that ho could not recotiuotwbother Dr. Boilforn bad drunk-bis coffoo before I10 left tho library to accompauy bis licxiliow to tlio ball door, or not. I will sco Cuxitain Everett again, and ask Mm to try to refresh Ms momory on that point. Evory thing turns upon it, you sco." . "BUt ho would not ho abto to givo. evi dence, would ho?" asked Dora, timidly. " No ; but what lio could say would bp most useful for cross- examination. There is ono ; (othor xroint," added Mr. Jcnnor, as Dora roso ' . lo go.: think- it would bo prudent to givo notico to tbo Crown authoritios of tlio cxistcnco of this diary ormomoraudum-hook. If it woro sprung upon them ut tho trial thoy would do what thoy could to throw doubt upon its authenticity ; and, in faet, it would como boforo tho Court with, a cortnin aroma, as it woro, .of suspicion attaching to it. Mrs. Red- fern did not wilfully couccuut from thu x>ulico, did sho ?" " She found it accidentally, only lust night," said Dora. "Tlion Bho hns no reason to object to show ing it to tliora. I will montion it at tho ofiico of tho Solicitor to tlio Treasury. And I will seo whothor Captain Evorott's memory can recall tho information wo want ; aud tot you know tho result." . That vory day Mr. Jonnor visited tho prison, nnd questioned und cross-questioned his client, nil to 110 purxioso. Ciiptain Everett did uot remember Dr. Davis coming into tho surgery wliilo ho wns thoro. Hail Dr. Davis been (here 110 would cortainly liavo noticed it at thu timo, and would probably have romoinlicred it. Yes ; Dr. Redforn stood with liiin at Uio hall door a good wliilo— porhaps threo or four minutes. But 011 tlio iill-iiiiportnut point wliothorDr. lledfern took the coffoo before I10 accompanied his nephew to . tho door or not, Captain Evorott could not speak witli certainty. Ho lmd scon Dr. llcdfurn mako tho coll'co 111 tlio glass machine ; hut he could not remember seeing him drink it. AVhon Captain Everett hoard of tho exertions which Dora had mado for him thu tears sprang into his oyos, mid for a moment ho could not trust himself to spoil Ic. But when tlio lawyer told Mm of tho discovery of tlio ontry iu tho mainorandum.hook and of tlio missing leaf in tho lottor-book lio was fairly startled. "I could not liavo boliovcd it," bo Baid at longtli. "Could not liavo believed what ?" j'That Dr. Davis could liavo dono such a thing. Ha always Bcomoil to mo a civil, xitoa- sant fellow— a littlo weak, perhaps, hut with no harm ill him. Tlio fact is, continued Everett, " I had a suspicion lioforo that Dans must havo had something to do with it ; hut I put it from ino anil moiitionod it to 110 0110." " If itwas his objoct to got Dr. Rodfern's practico, lio has succeeded," said thu solicitor. " I am told tliut I10 has established himself in yourunolo's xilnco by this timo. Woll, I think things took much brighter for you now." Aud with tlioso words tlio lawyer took Ms loavo. , From tlio prison Mr. Jonnor .wont to lho ofiico of tho Solicitor. to tlio. Treasury; and iisked for aniutorvtow with the official who was charged with tho xirosaeutiou of Captain Evcrattr-a Mr. Briuly. ." I havo called," said Mr. Jomior.as ho took liis scat, " to inform you of nuireiiinstaucethat has como to our knowlcdgo— to tlio knowledge of tho defonco,- you understand — in this case. You muy 'rciuomher tho numo of a Dr. Davis, who was Dr. Redfern's assistunt, and lived 111 his houso ?" Mr. Briuly nodded. "Now, it is ono of your stroug points against my eliont that (oxcoptiug for his own nssortiou) there is nothing to Hhow that 1m had uot a very Btrong intorcst in his unclo's death." Mr. Brady noddod again, prosorving a gravo, impassive look. " It now turns out that this Dr. Davis, who, as well as Captain Evorott, remember, know that this poison was kopt iu tha Hiirgory, hud alson very strong interest in dosiring the death of his omiiloyor. Ho had a very good position ut Dr. Ituuforu's, and, 110 doubt, looked torwurd to succeeding to thojiraetico. And ho had 11 Xirivato reason for wishing to contiuuo being 1111 inmate of tho dootor's establishment. But wo liuvo ovory reason to beliovo that ho had received notice of dismissal, and that tho notico had only a fow/ days to run at tho dato of Dr. Rodfern's death. It was a question for him of all assured position uud a comfortahlo in- como, against being tiirucd oiit into tho world, with, I funay, not very fluttering testimonials." (TO HE CONTINUED.) Tho latest statistics of Krupp's establishment lire supplied inn hook just published lit Essen. In 1833 it lmd nino workmen ; iu 18-18, seventy, four. I11 July, 1888, it omjdoyod 20, UGO, of whom 13,62(1 were at Essen, nnd,- including the families of tlio workmen, it supported a popula tion of 73,760 souls, of whom 2-1,103 lived ill tho houses it provides. 'Tlioro are ut Essen 1,106 furnaces of various constructions, 286 boilers, 02 steam hammers of from 100 to 60, OUO kilogs., 370 steam onginos with a total of 27,000 horso Iiowor, 1 ,7-1 different machines, and 301 cranes. Of coal tuid coko 2,736 tons are usod daily, aud otovonliighfurnncosof tho latest constructions X>roduco nearly GOO toils of iron por day. 