i THE BELLS OF ST. PAUL'S. - I " BY' AYALTER BESAKT, i . . AnTilon of Dobothv Forster, the Chaplais :? . of.the Fleet, Herr Paulys, &c.; . <"!'. 1 ' ' ' : rART II.. , Chapter I.— Ik Retirement... AYhon the Cathedral bell began to strike: nine inthe leisurely and dignified manner proper to a "( , Cathedral bell, Altliea put down her work and ) proceeded to make certain arrangements. That they were part of the daily routine was manifest ""."'by the unhesitating and mechanical manner in ,, which she performed l\or task. A sluji s steward could not lay the cloth for the. sixth -time in the day, with less consideration, or more directness , than Altliea showed in setting the little round ' table on the hearth-rug, placing the chess-board upon it. arranging the pieces, and putting the two armchairs in position. Everybody would understand at once, merely from her manner of doing it, that the game of chess was a daily .pastime. The addition of two pipes, a jar of , tobacco and a box of lights showed that the . players were men. And so rapidly did she make these preparations that the last stroke of nine ,. was still ringing and resounding in the air when she' added the tobacco as the finishing touch. ,, The room was tlint, in the house with the , Doric pillar3, to which 20 years before Dr. Lut- trelliad brought the little gipsy. The only change of any importance made during this long period had been the addition of a piano laden ' with music. There were also a few flowers in a glass— I believe that formerly there were no . Sowers ; and if anythmg else, there was the ... presence of , " work." The whole of woman's ' history is cohtaiiieci in the special meaning of that word. A man's work may bo symbolised by the spade, the pen, the chisel — by every in- strument that his wit lias devised ; for a woman's .> . .work the needle is the only symbol. Courage, ' " iny sisters ; the world ohanges and you shall be changed — we shall all be changed. In another " generation you shall, if you wish, 03 no doubt , you will wish, .wield the spade and brandish the , pitolifprk;- you shall carry the rifle and handle ' the heavy ordnance. Perhaps the curtains— I > believe that formerly there were no curtains — bctrayed'a woman's presence : mere man would , have been contented with white blinds, or green Venetians, or, at least, with hangings less dainty. The windows, which gave upou Kew Thames Street, were open at the top, for reasons which could be explained by residents in that street to . 'the fall 'satisfaction of curious inquirers. If, I gentle reader, you lived in Kew Thames Street, . you would open your windows at the top. There was a hookoase full of books ; they were works , t- of modern literature and jioetiy. But a man of ". letters would not fail to, noto that there were no now 'hooks among them. And though there ' were, books on the table, there were no journals, magazines, or new novels. One or two oil paint- . . , ings hung on the wall— landscapes of an old- ' fashioned kind, imitations of the masters of 50 . , years ago. On the mantleshelf rested a photo- . graph in a frame ; it was the likeness of a young . : man . in the little cap, the shawl over the ; shoulder and the boots of a Heidelberg student . . — noiie other in fact, than Oliver, once the gipsy, < now a lecturer in Physical Science, newly made and youngest fellow of tlio Royal Society. Over ; the' mantleshelf hung a large portrait in crayons j representing another young man. He wore long flowing .curls and his hair rose in a romantic ware jot crest above a capacious forehead ; his . whiskers also appeared to have felt the influence of the curling iron ; his head was thrown back, as. if, in defiance of the world j his right hand, the position of which was artistically, indicated by a single. stroke or -two, was thrust into his ; bosom ; his lips were parted— tlioy were frank, .eager, mobile, delicate, sensitive, curved lips ; '.the sunshine lay upon those lip3, no other, sun- shine .than that of the Muses' smiles ; his eyes, whioh matched the lips and were at once scorn- .fuh-inspired, terrible, loving, largo and full, ' flashed with a light of genius such as, I am very . ccrfaiivno portrait. painter of the present day would dare to givo to the most riohly endowed , of living. men— but in those days the light which / .never shone from mortal eyes was considered j , necessary and becoming and natural iu the por- . traits of poets aud men of genius. Have we not seen it flashing from the eyes of Byron, Keats, \- Shelley ? Kay— no rhymester so small hut lie I , must nave, the bright and piercing light of inspir ation glowing in his eyes.' Photography has killed tlio eye in a fine frenzy rolling. There are , poets whose eyes arc fishy. Under the portrait j was the autograph of tho subject, written in a fine flowing hand, with a flourish at tlip end- most men of genius formerly cultivated a . characteristic flourish after their name— " Cle- .. feent.Idagine." The date of the portrait— 1851 — was also added. j. .- IV lien Altliea had completed her arrangement ' of the ohess table sho stood for a moment— as i event tho ship's steward above mentioned will do / whon lie has laid even his sevontli or eighth cloth of tlio day— to catch tho artistio effect.. AYe are always, when one comes to think of it, . setting the scene for the next Act, and AYomnn is the domcstio stago manager. It was the last „ Aot of tho day for which sho set this scene ; .the silent game of chess and the evening tobacco with whioli ltor father tlie Poet, and her unele ' tho .Doctor finished the day, while she sat beside , them,, also iu silence, working or reading— unless sho played softly, so as not to disturb the combinations of tho game— save for her music . the house was very silent always. ; .Then tho door opened and the original of the crayon portrait appeared. You have seen him already— the man with the long white flowing hair and the brown velvet jaoket. His oiuly , block whiskers had now grown downwards and . made a beautiful white heard, but he was still to be recognised as tho natural development of the portrait of 1851. Many men of 60 are not . the - development, but tho distortion, of their own portraits at 25. Altliea grooted him with . a amilo upon her lips and a doubt in her eyes. . Something unusual, she perceived, had hap pened. llor father's cye3 were restlc33 j his hands were trembling : his cheek was flushed ; there wa3 excitement intlie face. ."AA'ell, dear," she said,- "you have been on the Bank this evening? Did you apeak to any one? Tho Doctor was called out an hour ago. Will you wait for him, or will you take your pipe at once?" . " Called out, was lie? Sick people, show a great want of consideration sometimes. Ko, dear— no— I will wait a little." He sat down and began mechanically to play.witli tho pawns, opening with an old aud favorite gambit. "Yes, child, yet." He answered;. her question with a curious abruptness. - " Ye3, 1 have been on the Bunk. Lucius Cottle was there, and the Che valier was there, and a stranger, a young gen tleman, was with ' them— and — and— a very, curious and remarkable thing happened — I am not sorry that the Doctor lias been called out-; — a very strange thing indeed, a thing which. I never looked for— I would rather talk it over; quietly with you, before he comes back. .Yet to be sure, it ought not to bo strange, You will hot he surprised I believe— though you .will; he pleased.".., i " What was it? The young gentleman was Mr. Laurence AY aller, I. suppose— the new, lodger at the Cottle3 ? " , "Possibly. Possibly. .AYhat interest. have I in the, man? None whatever. AYhat doe3. it matter to me whether a man takes a lodging on Bank Side on purpose to look at me, or not ?'.' " To look at you? " ' "To look at me, Altliea. " ho repeated sternly, as if there must not be allowed the least doubt, upon that point. "As I passed this company: of three and nodded to Luoius — were we not; at sehool'together?— this yoiing man gazed at me. with a curiosity and interest which would have been impertinent, but that I overheard; him whisper, to Luoius Cottle, 'Oh ! Is. that really the Poet?— Really the Poet?' ho asked.' A second time and a tliird time I passed them on my walk to and fro, and every time that young man followed me with eyes of curiosity." "AA'cll, Altliea, I cannfit help it. I have done my best to efface myself. If the world lias at last found out my retreat I must abandon any further pre tence and just expect to be besieged.' It may be natural, no doubt, but it is, I confess, unex pected. I might have expected it 30 years ago. Then it would have seemed more natural.- Now, it causes a certain kind of shook. Yet it is not unpleasing." J Mr. AYaller has come from Australia," said his daughter, wondering. 1 " He told me that lie had come on business. To be sure that need not prevent him from, showing a natural curi osity in the appearance of a poet." ' From Australia ! Come from Australia.! All that distance on purpose to look npoii my face ! This, Altliea, is gratifying. I confess that it gratifies me very mnch. It- is one of the. few clear and tangible proofs of Fame which meet us.' AYe poets movo the world, but some times only know it by repeated Editions. Some times I.liave thought that I did wrong not to read the papers. I should at least have caught the regrets of the world— its regrets and its repentance for having silenced a Poet — aB if Poets were as plentiful as cob nuts ! But no — no— the regTets would have come too late. Let me have no more--no more — to do with the present." He looked up at his own portrait. "Thirty years ago," he said sighing. "I was 30 years old. It was young to be driven from the world. But Keats was killed— they killed liim — at an earlier age. AYhere are they — the men who drove me forth? Dead perhaps- forgotten perhaps— languishing, very likely— long since in merited obscurity. As for the man they hounded down, people now come from the uttermost parts of tho earth— I say, Althcii, from the uttermost parts of the earth — only to gaze upon him. I am now old, but .they have not forgotten me. They have forgotten, I think, the men who did the wrong; but the Poet they have not forgotten." " They can never forget you, father." " As I came lionle,". he said with such an olation in his voice and such a light in his eyes —though far short of the electrio spark shown in the portrait— as his daughter had never before witnessed. " I began to consider what this might mean. .. And I understand now — oh ! yes "—his voice sank to a happy murmur.' " I understand. The love of the English speaking races for a poet does not begin in far Australia ; it is carried; thither from home — from these shores ; it begins at home. If a man's fame is firmly established over there it must bo still more firmly planted, here. Do you follow me so far, Altliea? It' must be still more firmly planted here. Yory woU. Then think, My poems must therefore be, by this time, household words. They must be learned in schools and quoted in articles. They must have been made, long since, thesubjeotof essays and criticism— reverent criti cism— in the great quarterlies, whioh movo . tho thought of the world"— it has been already explained that this poet lived still in the fifties, when the great quarterlies were still great. "And they must be rend," lie continued "in America and . . . and . . Ho turned quite pale nnd tottered. The thought of his own greatness thus grown silently and unperceivcd by himself was too muoh for him. " And now they come, from the uttermost ends of the world, only to gaze — to gaze upon the poet. If they love me so much in Australia, what must they do ' in England— in London— across tho river — almost at my very feet ? " " Oh ! " His daughter was carried away with him by this vision of universal 'fame,'..- " If they love you in Australia . they must Iovo you ten times as much at home." "There cannot be a doubt, my dear," hq replied, tryingto be cold. " I see itall plainly/ AYhile I liavobeen waiting here iu obsourity the poems have been slowly — slowly; but surely- sinking into the hearts of the people and ciroling wider and wider over the world. All the way from Australia .' Then think of the Eower whioh those poems must have become— ere — there —iu America : — every where Trail round tho globe— the habitable globe. The English man speaks to half .the globe — nothing less. : AVky my dear a man ought to-be satisfied with suoh success as this. - It atones. My daughter, tell ine "—lie spreads out his arms as if they had been the wings of Pegasus — "toll me— have I lived in vain ? " Ho did not expect any nnswer to this ques tion— nor was there any answer possible save the murmurous assent of filial ' piety. . Then he tnrned to the bookcase and took down a volume — it was an ootavo of tho form always until quite recently used by poets— and hold it affection ately between his two hands. " I cannot open it, Altliea," ho said, cuddling nnd hugging and pressing the volume to his bosom. " Kover once, since I retired, have I desired to open it. This, my dear, is what the world cannot under stand. It is the sacrediiC33 of verse. Of this book have I made an altar on whioh I have laid nil that is best and noblest iu myself." He bowed his head over his own book as one who worships. And his eyes softeuod and glowed. " Having placed it there, and knelt before the altar, nnd prayed a while, I came away. The preoious part' of mc- the Immortal' part— is hero— between these two boards." His oyes grew humid, his voice sank. He fondled the book again affectionately, and replaced it on the shelf. " It is for otliors to read it now, not for me. Ihavedono my part. It is for you my ohild, to use it;forthe uplifting and the strength ening of your soul. Yes — yes— I know. You have so used it — ye3— yes — iu your thoughts aud in your daily conversation— I have watched you day by day— I have seea the influence of that verse. From communion with his poetry at last you reflect your father's mind. My dear,'" he laid his hand tenderly on Althcn's head, "if I had hut one reader in all the world, and that reader were my daughter, I should not have lived in vain." He sighed again and descended to a. lower level. " Tell me about this young man from Aus tralia," he said, sitting down. " He says lie lias come on business from Australia, does he ? Australian business on Bank Side? Ls the colony of Now South AYnlos going to huysorap iron nnd empty petroleum casks ? And he actually take3_ a" lodging in Bank Side ! I have lived here for 30 years, and I have never before heard of a stranger ooming to-live- for choice in Bank Side. AYliy should lie ? Ho ealls it biisi-. no'ss, does! he ? My dear, the exouse is .too transparent. But he is young and we will excuse him. Business 1 Ha 1 ha 1 Youtli is modest and. does not like to confess even its enthusiasm. AA'liy, after all, I like him all the better for it. These reticences, these sliriekirigs, these hesitations— they are sometimes the note of a great mind — I like him all the better. AYell, my dear, I thought-, to liavo slipped through life unseen. But it 'seems as if that dream was to bo dispelled." " Dear father," said Althea, taking his hand, "yon must think of me and of my pride in you if peojile come to look at yon." Sho was now perfectly and completely carried away by this vision of popularity-. "Remember tlrnt the more popular yon become, the proud r it will make ; me. , ; But, indeed, I could never . be prouder of my father— whatever glory may be showered upon him — than I am already." : "The sight of that young man," the poet con tinued, getting up again restlessly, " has brought back tlio memory of, the old life. AYliy ? I do not .know. i It forces itself upon me now and then unbidden. The old life among the wits aud the 'poets. AYe sat in Fleet-street taverns there were, the Cock and tho Cheshire Cheese and the Rainbow and tho Mitro. and Dick's — over port aud whisky punch — Dickeus used ; to make gin punoh, I remember — and, .we talked till the sinall hours ; and suoh talk! I suppose they sit there still to think and talk 1 But most of .them must . be dead. Thirty years ago 1 Thackeray and Dickens and — oh 1 I knew them all—jl knew them. I sat in familiar intercourse with tlibni all. There were Charles Readc, Mark Lemon, Shirley Brooks, Albert Smith, Bulwor Lytton, Monckton Millies, Douglas Jerrold— I cannot remember all their names. AYhere are they all now? It was a glorious time. And I was with them and one of them. And yet they suffered me — these my friends suffered me — to be driven out through jealousy and spite. AYell, it is long ago now, and an old story. Althea, I am restless this evening." He shivered as one that hath a fever upon liim. " I feel as if something was impending. I feel as if I must go back to those taverns and be wel comed by my old friends in the timo of triumph. I am disturbed. Something is going to happen." Oil 1 Father — all because a young gentleman looked at you?" " Something, my dear," he repeated obstin ately, " is certainly going to happen." He sat down again and took upi his pipe as if he would show how a true x>hilosoper should confront any fate. It was, if you consider it, a safe thing to phopliesy, because tlio word " something " covers a large area and may ho intepreted in many ways — as, for instance, a dissapointment with a breakfasteggatoueendof things, oran earthquake at the other end. In this case the prophet was justified by the event, because something did happen. The street door was opened nnd slammed, -and voices were heard in the liall. Althea started. One of them was the voice of their new acquaintance— the very stranger from Australia of whom they had been talking. Altliea started, because a visit from a new acquaintance was nn absolutely unique event in her experience. She was now 19 years of age; Kot once during her whole life had she over before known the arrival of a stranger. Their family circle was never broken. Oliver, before he went to Germany and was still at St. Olavo's School, brought no boys homo to Bunk Sido ; the Oottle girl3 ran in and out as they pleased, but no visitor ever called. " Clement," said tho dootor cheerily, "I have brought ,a young gentleman from Australia, who desires the honor of your acquaintance." " Tho great honor," said this stranger. Mr. Indagine bowed coidly-r-sueh tribute to ;a poet must be received as of everyday occurrence ; but then his. natural goodness of heart camo back to him, and lie held out his hand. "I am very pleased, sir," he said, "to receive you. . AAre live retired and— and in fact — we sec few visitors. You liavo como from Australia;" it wa3 not , in human nature to refrain from a look of triumph in the direction of his daughter —".all the way from Australia in order to obtain this introduction ?" , " It, was one of tho reasons of my journey," said the young man with truth. "And what, sir," asked Mr. Indagine, "does the Australian— the Antipodal world say.now of tho attack— tho ferocious and unprecedented attack — which drove me out of human society?" "All!" the dootor echoed, " what do they say now ?" , , "AVky— really"— Lawrence showed a mo mentary confusion — "AYe aro a young peoplo and have hardly , yet begun to disousa things literary. Among those, however, who know the circumstances there is but one opinion." "There can be but one opinion," said tho dootor. , .:;The poet bowed. "It is, gratifying to find ;tho ,, world convinced at last. And, which, f'sir. of the poems is your own especial favorite?" i/I.liave no favorite, '' Lawrence replied has tily, Sirad. avoiding Althca's eyes, which .were turnetlupon liim, expeotant. " Do not question mf abont your poems, sir, as I may he led to speak in your presence too warmly." "Kay, nay,"— Mr. Indagino actually inuglicd — when hail Althea seen him laugh before? '.'AVcU, you may respeot the .modesty of oil author, young gentleman, in his presence ; but — outside— outside— say all you think nud feel —freely. Kowlot us talk. Altliea, my dear, play something softly. Gentle music encourages ideas." The clies3 board was neglected ; the pipe was laid down, and the Man of Letters appeared. Mr. Indrtgine talked. AVken people live together a great doal they leave off talking unless something unexpected hnppcns, or unless, which is not uncommon, they belong to that social level which is per- netuallv occupied with the behaviour of fhn brothers, sisters, nuoles, nunts, cousins, nophews, nieces nnd sisters-in-law. That behaviour, which is always such as could never have been expected, furnishes a topic which endures throughout tho longest lifo, is always fresh and is always interesting. But in this circle there were no near relations whoso conduet could be discussed. Mr. Indagine had married tlio Doctor's only sister, who was dead ; and his own brother had long Bince gono away and dis appeared. It will, thorofore, bo understood that these two eldorly gentlemen bad long since ceased to talk muoli. Therefore it was ns if the poet should break out in a new lino when ho began to discourso upon literature. It was also as if he were letting free a flood long dammed up. Or as if be were pouring out of a vossel full to the brim and overflowing ; or as if tie had been waitiug all these years for a sympathetic listener. The Doctor, in fact, was hot possessed of the literary mind. J Altliea meanwhile continued to 'play; it: was old music — AVebcr's Last. AYaltz — one, of |tlie Songs without AYords— music that !. flowed softly and filled the mind- with pence, and made the unagiiiation as ,.wax , toibe moulded by jthe speakor. The Australian disciple, to whom the disoussionwasnddressed, listened to the Sage with great deference; occasionally; inclining; his liead in order to show that his attention was riveted and thnt he did not mean to lose cone single word." ' ' - j" The discourse was remarkable not only because it turned wholly upon tlio literature of the fifties— any essayist might have done. the. same thing— but beoausc it spoke of. these works as if they were the newest, things out. and because the speaker employed in. illustrating ..his. points the echoes of that time. The great books of the fifties include In Mcmoriam, David Gopficrfield, Esmond , The lYonum - in I!7i j(c, Adam Bide, Granford, Christie: Johnston, and Hypatia, among mnny others. The Decade liath, for- sooth, a goodly record.. Yet it must he owned that between the current ideas of '88 and those of '58 there is a gulf of more than 30 years. To listen to the old man, white haired, eloquent, who ignored all thnt had keen done since the latter date, caused a curious and not unpleasant sensation. ' Laurence began pleasantly to. feel as if ho were -himself transported baek to the fifties and was sitting in judgment not upon liis ancestors hut upou his contemporaries. He was at tlie Tavern, in the circle of the very men themselves. Thackeray came in and went out; Douglas Jerrold said a good tiling full of impudence; Dickens looked in and laughed; the night was young and the ciroie was full. The presence of the girl sitting beside him on her music stool did not interfere with this vision of tlie past— one who falls into suoW a vision sees through solid bodies, dresses, furniture, and the like. If ghosts are trans- parent, so also arc solid things when ghosts arc behind them. If the poet could so charm them with speech alone, what could he not do if he were to begin to sing V j In tho middle of the talk, the other young man, Oliver, opened the door and stole quietly in. He looked surprised at the sight of tlio visitor and sat down in silence. But tho magician had no power over Oliver. He re- raained in the present, and looked on with eyes which betrayed boredom and lack of interest.; At last the talker ran down. Then they all came back to tho present again, and sat no longer at tho Garriek Club or in Cook or Rain- how Tavern, but in the little room of tho house in Kew Thames Street wkich-leadetli off - Bank Side. ' 1 "AYe will talk again, young gentleman," said Mr. Indagine, in conclusion. "Your views are sound and your observations show reading and grasp." Laurence had not uttered one word. "Come again and coiiie often while you stay !iu Loudon, - It Is pleasing nud novel to learn the literary and poetical attitude of Australia. There is not ill this civilised . part of London' . one single club or tavern at which a man may hope to find : n sokolar or a poet. Yet the taverns still stand in which Shakspcare and his friends caroused near the Globe and the Rose. There is not here even a secorid-hhiid hook shop." "Ho must not go yet," cried the Dootor. "AYhat? Has . Bank Side 110 hospitality? Althea, my dear, Mr. AA'aller will take — This is an age of- Apollinaris water. There fore, one must refrain from explaining 'wliht it was that Laurence was offered.' and what lie accepted. , Suffice it to say that the poet topk some and the Dootor. too, and tlrnt Laurence took tobacco with it, and that it was in a big glass "and sparkled if held up 'to the light." The Eoet relapsed into silence, .but lie sat with! a onignnnt smile', and he suffered, without 1 a murmur, the conversation ; to run on quite modern topics and things of local interest'. i Then Laurence spoke of Bank Side and of the people he liau already met, .especially the interesting family of the ; Cotfles. And then, looking furtively at the poet, lie launched a . question. It was a question even more closely connected with his visit than, tlie immor tal poems.. . "There was once,", ho said slowly, "a cer tain Mr. Korbery living near here. .Did you know anything of liim?". Ho addressed the Doctor, hut lie looked, as had been said, towards the poet.' This innocent question felt into the circlo like a bomb shell. Mr. Indagine started violently hud his face became a dec;) crimson. Tlie Dootor ' also started and. looked at Ins urotlicr-in-law as if ourioiis to s'cc how he would take .it. And'Al- thea laid her band upon her father qs if to soothe and restaiii him; And Oliver looked sus picious. AYhat had he done ? " He is dead. Mr. Korbery is dead," said the Doctor. " He died five years ago. Let us not talk about him." ' "He. was a bad man'," Sir. Indagine sat up with a sudden change of manner, as if stung into rage. " A hard, oruel maii-— " . , "Yes, father, yes. But lie is dead," said Althea, patting his hand. "Is he dead? He made my father languish ' and die in tho Queen's Bcnob after lie lind robbed liim of - bis fortune ; he tried' to . rob my brother of . the little that remained to . us, and drove him away — I liavo never heard since what became of /Eneas. Let his'naine he never men tioned in iny hearing."- / ' " I am truly sorry," said Laurence, that 'I did mention it." ; "Is he dead?" Mr. Indagine continued. " I have never cared to ask whether he was dead or alive. If he is dead and can do no. more harm, so much tlie better for tho world. Let . lis- all forget Ills name ns speedily as may be." , "AA'liy-— " thought Laurence, "iliey ,, ac tually know notkliig!" But Oliver . looked; at liim. with suspicion -from tho black pent -house of bis thick eyebrows. \- But 'Mr. Indagine's wrath died - out like a fire of shavings, and ho threw himself again '.'in .-.lib oliaii-. .- ; "Say iio more, young gontlemait. -Say.no more. -You kavo helped me to a pleasant oveu- iiig._ You liavo brought me- li laurel from Aus tralia. I should not be human if I were not gratified. Come often and talk with me. AYe will not apeak of ignoble people— but of the Muses ana their favorites. AA'e will wander among tho asphodels of Parnassus. Good night, sir," lie grasped Laurence's hand warmly. " Good night, my dear .sir— come again— come often." 