"FIGARO'S'' AT HOME. "Ohl lie hfttli drawn my picture in bis letter 1" v , —iova'0 Labob Loss. Readers are invited to forward early in telligence of fashionable or social festivities, if possible, accompanied by fall description of toilettes, worn by ladies. Strictest oonfi dence. Address—Social Editress, "Figaro" Office* Betrayed. I worshipped her in such devout, strong wise, That all the essence of myisonland brain. Dwelt in the vestal violet of her eyes, Calm as the ghost-glance of Some dead Elaine. I knew that X alone this gem (possessed, Remembering years of supplication, era I dared to touoh the Mecca of her breast, Or kiss the tawny orient of her hair. I trusted in the smile her pure face wore, - I murmured the sweet gospjel of her werds, And would have doubted of her love no more Than Summer would have doubted of its birds. Until, as blind beautitude increased, Truth's dismal skeleton with subtle art, Sitting beside me at soft passion's feast - Showed me that rank, mack infamy, her heart. . . , K:w , - ... / | ^ : , ... Ah,God ! no hells have'torment to compare with the mad, nameless pain JE suffered then, That mental oruoiflxion of despair ' Must be alike to Adam's anguish, when, For the first lime he saw in Eden's bloom The luminous day he thought was ever bright, Sworii by slow changes to theitwilight's gloom, And die on tlxe blaok voids of boundless night. Most of the members of the upper and middle jolasses, ancl even, several members of the royal" family, in England, are tattooed. Tattooing is becoming the rage. It is even eaid that they, are going to tattoo lawyers. This will be the u devil's tattoo/' Sir Arthur Blythe, Agent general in London for South Australia, will retire fropn the seryiee at |fce1 termination of his present reappointment forthxeV; years. j .■ .',, Labouchere, the radical Bays that the Duke of Fife " is the descendant pf a Scotch Jacobite pedlar, who made his fortune.", ) : .... 1. f:* -ii On Tuesday next, October 8th, a return ball (tendered by |the gentlemen to ' the ladies who, about tw? months ago,, gave; a ball in aid of the school funds of jChrist Church* Milton).will take place in the Odctfeltaws' Hall, Caxton- streefc. ; , ;f On Sunday last the prizes for plain j prid7fancy needlework, which wiere competed for at ;the - late fancy fair held in AU Saints'School, were Awarded by Mr. Allen, churchwarden, tdthes^<^ssf^lcotD^titprsf Ethel Florence jGower and Ethel iCemp; i .TheKpiriees were ©f equal value, and were ladies'companionsin cardinal acid bljie plush with gilt mountings;! lined inside with Quilted satin, containing; thimble, scissors, wax, iyory crochet needle, bodHri,• needle-' J case, and piercjar, very useful and at the same time pretty ornaments. The teacher who selected them is to. be congratulated for the good taste she dis played in the selection. ' J, . At all Saints' Church on Friday last an interest ing; musical service and organ recital was given. /A ; large.: congregation was present ' and; . evidently listened attentively !and; critically, to the perform ance. Mr. E. P.; Jones,, the organist, has great natural;: talent, jand made a judicious selection to show his versatility*-—the pieces being * Ave Maria," by Aroad^l, ",Priere,": by. J. Lemmens, " Minuet and , Allegro, jith, oboe -concerto/' by Handel, " March Funebre,"', by.'1 ^tulmant, " Pastorale -C Major," by Wely, and i&arph; in- G,"; by H. Smart, all rendered )in: a highly creditable. manner. Mir. Salisbury sang j " If With All Tour1 Hearts M>,n Deazeley, M Ann, Arin, Ye. Brave j" and Mr. Taylor .galrQ,intruecathedral style, the sold in Sir John Gobs' anthem, <?The Wilderness." The.duet from.. Mendelssohn's j"Lobgesang," "I Waited For The Lord," was exquisitely sung by Mrs Robinson' and! Miss G-abbins, their voices comparing most favorably,, with those of jTitiens and TrebelH. Some other anthems and hymns were sung. o With such material as there is in th? ohoir more frequent performances might be given jwith advantage. , , A very enjoyable ball was r given by Mr.,A. Game ton at his residence, Forest Hill, Laidley, on, Fri day, 20th September. < As bad been anticipated, it was a brilliant q-hd successful affair, perhaps one of the. most enjoyable ever witnessed in the pfcce. The. ballroom, is a spacious one,: and the floor on this par ticular occasion was in fLrst-class order. The invita tions issued wepe numerous, and the majority re sponding,ithe'ifopm was densely crowded.: A special word of praise , is due to Mr. and Mrs. Cameron for the su^joessful" ^ray everything ; was carried out. Dancing was commenced at about §. p.m., and was kept ^oing vrith j unflagging vigor, till about 3 a.m., everyone apparently ^thoroughly enjoying them selves. The costumes worn by the ladies present' werein; excellent taste, and suited most of the wearers admirably. Miss Edwards looked very at tractive rn ^hite embroidered skirt-and pink satin fyodioe.iuMiaSj^hite, cream-nun's veiling with vest and; cufffeQf prune plush. Miss Oil! was very it<3a.tly; attired in white jlndian intisliri and old gold pltzsh» < and,in- ,my, opinion wasbelie of the evening ; and others too'numerous to mention. The members of the Lifeboat Lodge, I.O.G.T., gave an entertainment in the Collegiate School, Leichhardt-street, on Thursday evening, September 26th, which consisted of songs, duets, readings and addresses. The chair was taken by Mr. W. McLarty, ■who gave out the various items on the programme. ; A. German Bishopric is to be founded in Palestine, with Jerusalem as its cathedral city. ?e7\ ®eor£® Tindall, the oldest clergyman in the Primitive Methodist connexion, died at Driffield, Yorkshire, England, on October 1st,'aged 90 years. Italy is going start a tr National Church/' whose bible is to be "The Book of Nature.*' Regarding this " book " it is said that no one can prove it a lie in It-a-ly. Mrs. Kelly, of Boundary-street, Spring Hill, the owner of many valuable properties in Brisbane, died on Saturday morning last, regretted by many friends. Her benefactions to the Roman Catholic Chiirch here have been numerous and gobdly. ' A most enjoyable dance was given at Sandgate on September 26feh by the members of the football club, and all who were invited seemed to thoroughly enjoy themselves. Much praise is due to Messrs. Hale, Knight, Crawford and Ogilvie, whd did all they could to make things go off well. Some of the dresses were very pretty i—Miss Spencer, in fancy, as a Greek slave, sustained her character well. Miss Nott, a pretty dtuicer, in cardinal looked charming, the color suiting her dark complexion. Mies Ogilvie, another pretty dancer, in cream liberty silk and pearls, cardinal on pointed corsage, cardinal fan looked also charming. Miss Barrett in pale blue lace and satin looked, nice ; as also, did hex: sister in grenat satin. Miss Raymond, very pale; blue tulle skirt, pointed satin bodice; Miss Ettie Roehricht, a pretty dancer, as a shepherdess. ' Miss H. Roehricht, as Patience. Miss Tregurtha, black and cream. Miss —-Tregurtha, pale pink. Miss Barney, Starlight. Miss N.: Barney, Gipsy. Miss de Traine, cream, pale blue. Miss Murray, cream, gold trimmings. Miss Todd, black and cardinal. Miss Lloyd, white. Miss — Lloyd, white. Miss Griggs, pale blue satin. A young lady, crushed strawberry. Miss Buckhanan, black and cieam. Miss Nicholson, white muslin, pink sash. A young lady in cream, who kindly played an extra. Among the married ladies were—Mrs. ~ Jackson> black and oream. Mrs. (Dr.) Paul, black lace. Mrs. Hassell, black. Mrs. ' Haines, black and cardinal. Mrs. Slaughter, black: lace; Mrs.Knight, cream, pale pink, Mrs. Irving, white embroidered muslin. Mrs; Heckenburg, cream lace dress. Among the gentle men were:—Messrs. Hale, Crawford and Knight, as Barristers; J. Isles, S: Iflles, Peirson, Buchanan, Jackson, Craig, Raymond, G. Matthews, P. Matthews, M&3nish, Johnson, Keating and a dark gentle men, a " a stranger." Dancing waB kept up until 3 o'clock, the music (harp and violin) being excel lent. The Mackay Hospital Ball on the 18th inst. was a, pronounced success; the attendance was very large, some 200 being present. The, catering was done by the ladies, every known; delicacy in season (minus the claret cup) being upon the tables. Mr. P. Smith was an energetic and efficient M.C.; the music was good, and the floor in splendid condition. There were many exquisitely tasteful- costumes, among them being the following Mrs. Davidson, handsome pink water-waved silk, court train, diamond ornaments. Her two lady friends" from Sydney (Miss Pierce and Miss Trickett) were much admired, the former in black lace, the latter butter cup silk with empire sash of same shade. Mrs. G-. Smith, lovely trained gown of cream flowered satin. Mrs. Gemil Smith, pink; merveilleux, court train, looked very graceful; as did 7 also her ^sister in an exquisite dress of eau de nil merveilleux. Mrs. Webster, trained pink satin embroidered with pearls. Mrs. Marsh, handsome brown corded silk, long court train. Mrs. F. Smith, black lace and jet ornaments, looked well. Her daughter looked; charming in ■white tulle. Mrs; Don looked graceful in long trained merveilleux, black; her lady friend from Brisbane in white liberty silk. Mrs. Walker, long trained velvet, looked well, as she always does. Her daughter, also charming, in red spangled tulle. Mrs. Rigby, in pink, looked nice ; and her friends from Melbourne equally so, .one in very handsome heliotrope silk and the other in cream liberty silk. Mrs. Mather looked charming in Greek costume of cream veiling. Mrs. Allan looked very well in hand some trained dress of black lace. Mrs. Usher looked very fairy-like in white tulle; and last, but not least, Mrs. Kitson in lovely embroidered silk, gold ornaments. The honor of belleship was divided between Miss Marsh and Miss McLaren. The former looked very pretty and graceful in white spangled tulle. The latter (debutante), white tulle, merveilleux bodice, with quantity of ribbon streamers from right shoulder. Miss Amy Smith looked graceful in white satin. Miss Traoient also looked nice in pink. There were many more pretty costumes, but time and space will not allow more. Professor Benson, R.AM., has been appointed organist of St. Paul's Church, Leichhardt-street (Rev. Mr. McSwaine's). A white Sicilian marble tablet, bordered with black marble, has been placed in the east wall of St. John's Pro-Cathedral, Brisbane, in commemoration of the late Sir Anthony Musgrave. Its inscription is a. simple one:—* lit memoriam Sir Aifthony Mus grave, G.C.M.O., for five years Governdrof Queens land. ' Faithful unto death.* : Erected by his personal friends ais a record of their esteem for a noble'character.'' Messrs John Petrie and Sons are the exeoutaats. Miss E. Shaiiahan, lately assistant teacher at the Toowong State School has been promoted to be first assistant of the Brisbane Cetitral State School.: Her recent fourth-form scholars presented her on Mon day last with a souvenir in the form of a handsome hand-bag, filled with useful articles,, besides a touching epistle of farewell. Miss Sbahahan also received the farewell congratulations of the head teacher, Mr. Smith, and her fellow governesses. The Rev. E. A. Hammick, M.A., of Exeter College, Oxford, and late Anglican Archdeacon of Zululand, has been appointed Anglican clergyman at Blackall, where a local Church of. England committee is endeavoring to raise J6250, in order to secure an offer of JB500 made by a gentleman resident in England, for church - building purposes. The Diocesan Synod of Brisbane has voted jIlOO towards the stipend fund at Blackall. Miss Quinn returned to Beenleigh early this week after a lengthened visit to Mrs. Phillip Bolger. It is expected that Mr. Justice Mein will return to Brisbane shortly, it being understood that his health has been sufficiently re-established to permit of his regular discharge of his Supreme Court duties. It is also thought that Mr. Acting-Justice Chubb will be created the second judge in the Northern Supreme Court, a, billet provided for l$y a Bill that is now engaging the attention of Parliament. The Brisbane Society for;the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals asked Sir Henry Norman to preside at its annual meeting, soon to be held. His Excellency politely declined, on the score of being touted for t6o frequently, while at the same time he expressed sympathy with the objects of the society. One mem ber of the society,-whose born vocation in life should have been that of a bbok-agent, bearded the General in his sanctum and told him be ought to attend as the late Governor Musgrave had always done, but Sir Henry again declined courteously and with thanks. Thereupon the society waxed wroth, and Chairman the Rev. W. Poole remarked, with hidden meaning, that the matter would be dealt with in the annual report. Hadn't the society better send a squad of its officers and march the Governor down "will he nil he ?" Or butter still, as the Hon. A. J. Thynne is his chosen substitute, couldn't Thynne evade the honor by calling out his Irish Volunteers to force His Excellency to attend? The next society that Brisbane will need will be a Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Governors ? A new Anglican church is to be erected inToo woomba at a cost of J610,000. Mr. F. C. Brodribb has subscribed £500 to its building fund. Mr. and Mrs. GK M. Kirk, for many years promi nent people at St. George, have settled down in Brisbane. Mr. Kirk was a foremost local district man, and his varied social qualities should cause him;to be well appreciated in the metropolis. He waa specially identified with the turf, and now takes, I believe, thei position of premier starter for the principal racing clubs of the colony. He is also no mean authority on and patron of cricket, rowing, football, and other manly sports. His nature is generous to a fault, and his purse is ever open in aid of any cause in which he interests himself.. On 20th September Mr. Kirk was publicly farewelled from St. George at a meeting held in the local Divi sional B$ard Hall, Mr. Sutherland presiding. Eulogia were showered upon Mr. and ,Mrs. Kirk by the chair man and Host M'Alister, of the Commercial Hotel, who did the speechifying, and Mr. Kirk was pre sented with an illuminated address of iWewell and good wishes and a parse containing 100 sovereign . He made a modest speech in reply, on behalf of him self and Mrs. Kirk, referring in moving terms to h i a many years' connection with the town and district he was leaving. 