Story Column. THE DEATH SHIP, A STRANGE STORY. AN ACCOUNT OF A CRUISE IN THE FLYING DUTCHMAN, COLLECTED FROM THE PAPERS OF THE LATE MR. GEOFFREY FENTON, OF POPLAR, MASTER MARINER.. BY W. CLARK RUSSELL, Author of 'The Wreck of the Grosvenor,' 'The Golden Hope,' &c;, &c.; [All Queensland Rights Reserved.] SYNOPSIS OF PREVIOUS CHAPTERS. Chapters I. TO V.— The narrator of the story is Geoffry Fenton, from whose papers it is col- lected. He tells how he sails as second mate in the Saracen, under Captain Skevington. They 'speak' the Lovely Nancy, near the Equator, and the captain, Samuel Bullock, of Rotherhithe, tells Captain Skevington of having seen the Phantom Ship, which seemed to be under the command of a tall man with a great beard, and with a face as of a man who had died and when dug up resumed his death bed aspect. He warns him against the ship as a spectre to be shunned. As the Saracen approaches Table Bay, Captain Skevington speaks to Fenton in a depressed, superstitious way of the Phantom Ship, and fears that they will meet her. After leaving Table Bay the captain again recurs to the subject. CHAPTER VII.--I CONVERSE WITH THE SHIP'S CARPENTER ABOUT THE DEATH SHIP. And now for six days it veritably seemed as if we were to be transformed into the marine phantom that, unsubstantial as she might be, yet lay with the heaviness of lead upon Cap- tain Skevington; for, being on the parallel of Agulhas, a little to the south of that latitude, and in about 16 degrees west longitude, it came on to blow fresh from the south- east, hardening after 24 hours into a whole gale with frequent and violent gusts, and veering of it easterly; and this continued, with a lull of an hour or two's duration, for six days, as I have said. 'Twas a taste of Cape weather strong enough to last a man a lifetime. The sea lay shrouded to within a musket shot by a vapour of slatish hue that looked to stand motionless, and passed the walls and along the roof of this wild, dismal, cloud- formed chamber, with its floor of vaults and frothing brows, the wind swept raving, raising a terrible lead-coloured sea, with heads which seemed to rear to the height of our maintop, where they broke, and boiled like a cauldron with foam, great masses of which the hands of the gale caught up and hurled, so that the lashing of the spray was often like a blinding snowstorm, but so smarting that the wind was as if charged with javelins. We lay to under a storm staysail with topgallant masts struck, yards on deck and the lower yards stowed on the rail, the hatches battened down, and every- thing as snug as good seamanship could provide. Our decks were constantly full of water. By one great sea that fell over into the waist there were drowned no less than six of the sheep we had taken in at the Cape, with a hog and many fowls. The carpenter's leg was broken by a fall, and an able seaman was deeply gashed in the face by being thrown against a scuttle-butt. 'Twas impossible to get any food cooked, and throughout that week we subsisted on biscuits, cheese, and such dry and lean fare as did sot need dressing. In short, I could fill a chapter with our sufferings and anxieties during that period. But on the sixth day the gale broke, leaving our ship considerably strained; by which time, in spite of the current and the send of the sea, we had contrived to make 40 miles of southing and easting, owing to our pertinacity in making sail and stretching away on a board at every lull. It was shortly after this, on the Tuesday fol- lowing the Friday on which the gale ended, that, it being my watch on deck from 8 o'clock in the evening till midnight, I carried my pipe, an hour before my turn arrived, into the carpenter's cabin, which he shared with the boatswain, to give the poor fellow a bit of my company, for his broken leg kept him motionless. It was the second dog watch, as we term the time, 'twixt six and eight o'clock, at sea, the evening indifferently fine, the wind over the starboard quarter, a quiet breeze, the ocean heaving in the lazy swell from the south, and the ship pushing forward at five knots an hour under fore and main royals. The carpenter lay in a bunk, wearing a haggard face, and grizzly for lack of the razor. He was a very sensible, sober man, a good artificer, and had served under Lord Howe in the fleet equipped for the relief of Gibraltar, besides having seen a deal of cruising work in earlier times. He was much obliged by my looking in upon him, and we speedily fell to yarning; he lighted a pipe, and I smoked likewise, whilst I sat upon his chest, taking in with a half-look round such details as a rude sketch of the bo's'n's wife nailed to the bulkhead, the slush lamp swinging its dingy smoking flame to a cracked piece of looking-glass over against the carpenter's bed, an ancient horny copy of the Bible, with type pretty nigh as big as the letters of our ship's name, a bit of a shelf wherefrom there forked out the stems of some clay pipes, with other humble furniture such as a sailor is used to carry to sea with him. After a little, the carpenter, whose name was Matthews, says to me, "I beg pardon, sir, but there's some talk going about among the men concerning the old Dutchman that was cursed last century. My mate, Joe Marner, told me that Jimmy — meaning the cabin boy— was telling some of the crew, this morning, that he heard the captain say the Dutchman's been sighted." "By anyone aboard us?" I asked. "Mebbe, sir, but I didn't understand that." Now, as every hour was carrying us further to the eastward of the Cape, away from the phantom's cruising ground, and as, moreover, the leaving gossip to make its own way would surely in the end prove more terrifying to the nervous aid superstitious on board than speak- ing the truth, I resolved to tell Matthews how the matter stood, and with that, acquainted him with what the master of the snow had told Captain Skevington. He looked very grave, and withdrew his pipes from his lips, and I noticed he did not offer to light the tobacco afresh. "I'm sorry to hear this, sir," says he. "But," said I, "what has the Lovely Nancy's meeting with the Dutchman got to do with us?" "Only this, sir," he exclaimed with his face yet more clouded, and speaking in a low voice, as one might in a snored building. "I never yet knew or heard of a ship reporting to another of having met the Dutchman, without that other a meeting of the ghost, too, afore she ended her voyage." "If that be so," I cried, not liking to hear this, for Matthews had been to sea for 35 years, and he now spoke with too much emotion not to affect me, "for God's sake don't make your thoughts known to the crew, and least of all to the captain, who is already so uneasy on this head that when he mentions it he talks as if his mind were adrift." "Mr. Fenton," said the carpenter, "I never yet knew or heard of a ship reporting to another of having met the Dutchman without that other meeting the ghost too afore she's ended her voyage," and thus speaking he smote his bed heavily with his fist. I was startled by the emphasis his repeating his former words gave to the assurance, and smoked in silence. He put down his pipe and lay awhile looking at me as though turning some matters over in his mind. The swing of the flame, burning from the spout of the lamp, put various expressions, wrought by the fluctuating shadows, into his sick face, and it was this perhaps that caused his words to possess a power I could not convey to you by any art of my pen. He asked me if I had ever seen the Dutchman, and on my answer- ing "No." he said that the usual notion among sailors was that there is but one vessel sailing the seas with the curse of heaven upon her, but that was a mistake, as it was an error in the same way to suppose that this ocean from Agulhas round to the Mozambique was the only place in which the Phantom was to be met. "There's a ship," said he, "after the pattern of this here Dutchman to be found in the Baltic. She always brings heavy weather, and there's small change afterwards for any craft that sights her." "I've been trading in the Baltic for five years without ever hearing that," said I. "But it's true all the same, Mr. Fenton. You ask about it, sir, when you get back, and then you'll see. There's another vessel of the same pattern, that's to be met down in the mouth of the Channel, 'twixt Ushant and the Scillies, and thereabouts. A man I know, called Jimmy Robbins, saw her, and told me the yarn. He was in a ship bound home from the Spice Islands. They were in soundings, and heading round for the Channel. It was the morning watvh, just about dawn, weather slightly thick- ish. Suddenly a vessel comes heaving out of the smother from God knows where! Jim Robbins was coiling down a rope alongside the male, who, on seeing the vessel, screams out shrill, like a woman, and falls flat in a swound! Jim, looking, saw it was the Channel Death Ship, a large pink, manned by skeletons, with a skull for a figure-head, and a skeleton captain lean- ing against the mast, watching the running of the sand in an hour glass he held. She was seen by 12 others, besides Jim and the mate, who nearly died of the fright. And the con- sequence of meeting her was that the ship Jim Robbins was in was cast away on the follow- ing night, on the French coast, down Saint Brihos way, and 33 souls perished." The gravity with which he related this, and his evident keen belief in those and the like superstitions, now rendered the conversation somewhat diverting, for, as I have elsewhere said, though I never questioned the existence of the one spectral ship, in a belief in which all mariners are united, holding that the deep, which in full of drowned men, hath its spirits and its apparitions equally with the land, yet when it came to such crude mad fancies as a vessel manned by skeletons, why of course, there was nothing for it but to laugh, which I did, heartily enough, though in my sleeve, for seamen are a sensitive people, easily affronted, more especially in any article of their faith. However, he succeeded, before I left him, in exciting a fresh uneasiness in me by asseverat- ing, in a most melancholy voice, and with a very dismal face, that our having spoken with the snow that had sighted the Dutchman was certain to be followed by misfortune; and these being amongst the last words he ex- changed with me before I left his cabin, I naturally carried away with me on deck the damping and desponding impression of his pos- ture and appearance as he uttered them; which were those of a man grieved, bewildered, and greatly alarmed. CHAPTER VIII.--A TRAGICAL DEATH. For some time after I had relieved the deck, as it is termed, that is to say, after the mate had gone below and left me in charge, I had the company of the captain, who seemed rest- less and troubled, often quitting my side, as we paced, to go to the rail and view the horizon with the air of a man perturbed by expecta- tion. I need not tell you that I did not breathe a word to him respecting my talk with the carpenter, not even to the extent of saying how fancies about the Dutchman were flying about among the crew, for this subject he was in no state of mind to be brought into. The moon was rising a little, before he joined me, and we stood in silence watching her. She jutted up a very sickly faint red, that brightened but a little after she lifted her lower limb clear of the horizon, and when we had the full of her plain we perceived her strangely distorted by the atmosphere — of the shape — if shape it can be called— of a rotten orange that has been squeezed, or of a turtle's egg lightly pressed; she was more like a blood-coloured jelly distilled by the sky, ugly and even affrighting, than the sweet ice-cold planet that empearls the world at night, and whose delicate silver the lover de- lights to behold in his sweetheart's eyes. But she grew more shapely, as she soared, though holding a dusky blush for a much longer time than ever I had noticed in her when rising off the mid-African main; and her wake, broken by the small, black curl of the breeze, hung in broken indissoluble lumps of feverish light, like coagulated gore that had dropped from the wound she looked to be in the dark sky. There was a faintness in the heavens that closed out the sparkles of the farther stars, and but a few, and those only of the greatest mag- nitude, were visible, shining in several colours, such as dim pink and green and wan crystal; all of which, together with one or two of them above our mastheads, dimly glittering amidst feeble rings, made the whole appearance of the night amazing and even ghastly enough to excite a feeling of awe in the attention it com- pelled. The captain spoke not a word, whilst the moon slowly floated into the dusk; and then, fetching a deep breath, he said: — "Well, thank God, if she don't grow round, it's because of the shadow on her. Keep a bright lookout, Mr. Fenton, and hold the ship to her course. Should the wind fail, call me, and call me too, if it should head us." With which he walked quietly to the hatch, stood there a moment or two with his hand upon it, and his face looking up, as though he studied the trim of the yards, and then dis- appeared. As the night wore on the moon gathered her wonted hue and shape, though her refulgence was small, for the air thickened. Indeed, at half-past 10 all the lights of heaven, saving the moon, had been put out by a mist, the texture of which was illustrated by the only luminary the sky contained, around whose pale expiring disc there was now a great halo, with some- thing of the character of a lunar rainbow in the very delicate, barely determinable tinctures, which made a sort of shadowy prism of it, more like what one would dream of than see. The ocean lay very black, there was no power in the moon to cast a wake, the breathings of the wind rippled the water and caused a scin- tillation of the spangles of the phosphorus or seafire, the weight of the lower sails kept them hanging up and down, and what motion the ship had was from the swelling of the light canvas that rose very pale and ghostly into the gloom. I had gone to the taffrail and was staring there away into the dark, whither our short wake streamed in a sort of smouldering cloudi- ness with particles of fire in it, conceiving that the wind was failing, and waiting to make sure before reporting to the captain, when I was startled by the report of a musket or some small arm that broke upon my ear with a muffled sound, so that whence it came I could not conceive. Yet for some minutes I felt so persuaded the noise had been seawards that, spite of there having been no flash, I stood peering hard into the dark, first one side then the other, far as the sails would suffer me. Then, but all very quickly, concluding that the explosion had happened aboard and might betoken mischief, I ran along the deck where, close against the wheel, I found a number of seamen talking hurriedly and in alarmed voices. I called out to know what that noise had been. None know. One said it had come from the sea, another that there had been a small ex- plosion in the hold, and a third was giving his opinion, when at that instant a figure darted out of the companion hatch, clothed in his shirt and drawers, and cried out: — "Mr. Fenton! Mr. Fenton! For God's sake, where are you?" I recognised the voice of Mr. Hall, and bawled back, "Here sir!" and ran to him. He grasped my arm. "The captain has shot himself!" he exclaimed. "Where is he?" said I. "In his cabin," he answered. We rushed down together. The great cabin, where we messed, was in darkness, but a light shone in the captain's berth. The door was open, and gently swung with the motion of the ship. I pushed in, but instantly recoiled with horror, for right athwart the deck lay the body of Captain Skevington, with the top of his head blown away. It needed but one glance to know that he had done this thing with his own hand. He had fired the piece with his foot by a string attached to the trigger, standing up- ward with his brow bent to the muzzle, for the bight of the string was round his shoe, and he had fallen sideways, grasping the barrel. The sight froze me to the marrow. Had I killed him by accident with my own hand I could not have trembled more. But this ex- quisite distress was short-lived. It was only needful to look at his head, to discover how fruitless would be the task of examining him for any signs of life. Some of the seamen who heard Mr. Hall cry out to me about this thing had followed us below forgetting their place in the consternation roused in them, and stood in the doorway faintly groaning and muttering exclamations of pity. Mr. Hall bid a couple of them raise the body and lay it in its bunk and cover it with a sheet, and others he sent for water and a swab wherewith to cleanse the place. "You had better go on deck again, Fenton," says he to me; 'the ship must be watched. I'll join you presently." I was glad to withdraw; for albeit there was a ghastliness in the look of the night, the sea being black as ebony, though touched here and there with little sheets of fire, and stretching like a pall to its horizon that was drawing nar- rower and murkier around as minute after minute, with the wing-like shadow of vapour that was yet too thin to deserve the name of fog; though there was this ghastliness, I say, aided by the moon that was now little more than a dim, tarnished blotch of shapeless silver, wanly ringed with an ashen tincture, yet the taste of the faint breeze was as helpful to my spirits as a dram of generous cordial after the atmosphere of the cabin in which I had behold the remains of Captain Skevington. [To be continued to-morrow,] 