MR. G. If, RUID AT OAMP- BELLTOWN. " (By Telei; rapid) (FltOM OUR SPECIAL RISl'OliTBR.) Campdklltown, Wednesday. — This even ing Mr. C4. II. Reid addiessed the electors of Cainilou from the balcony of the Royal Hotel, Campbelltown. The speech, which lasted nesudy.two hours and was attentively listened to by a large crowd of electors from the town- ship and the country side for many miles round, was devoted almost exclusively to the great issues of the fiscal controversy. Mr. Cum- ming><, the Mayor of Campbelltown, who is a weH-knownjprotectiomfit, occupied the chair. Mr. UkiI), in the course of his address, said that when a Government went out of office it generally told the electors what it intended to ; light an election upon. That was its privilege, and wheu the present Government caoie iuto office in a pirtin straightforward way, it said "We |arc:(jgoiiig into office, and if tho electors will allow nn, we are going ;,o recast the fiscal policy." Mr. Dibbs riiil not say " We are going to tntrodnco protection," which would have been ulill more straightforward, but he called it 'Recasting the fiscal policy." That was Greek to ninety-nine out of overy hundrad. (Cries of "No, no.") Ho thought it was. They wanted to know exactly what it was that ho proposed to do. They must remember that a gentleman of the name of Dibbs was in office three years ago, and when he went out of office ho left about no:) IWHI Rfr»rll n ii" nf f». .v fi r»l fc hMnn,l 1-iJm Mr.w ho had conic back to office that deficit stared him in the face liko n ghost, and he wanted to bury it. (Laughter.) Already he had got £9,00u,00l) a year to govern the country with, and before beginning to talk of protective taxes the first thing they ought to ask wns whether that was not enough. He (Mr. Reid) maintained that it was enough- But supposing for the sake of argument that it was not enough, it was for them then to consider how much was already drawn out ot the pocket of the ma.ssesof the people ; ana when ho spoke of the m isses he meant all tho?>e who had to work for daily wages or weekly salaries. If they looked at tho revenue returns they would find that tho working people of tho country contributed £l,50u,00i) to the gcueial taxation. Surely that was enough for thorn to give. After the poor hud paid that much, it was time that tho rich should be called upon to pay something. There were millions and mill ions of acres of land in tho bands of a very few individuals. For the bene fit of those persons railways had been built, bridges constructed and roads made, and nearly all that had boon done at tho expense of tho working people of tho country. .Such corviecs wero paid for out of taxes upon the poor moil's grog and tobacco, and very Jittlo was contribu ted out of the pockets of tho rich meu who owned tho land und very often soent their inouey abroad. (Chcerz.) It was a safe principle of taxation that tlio burden should fall upon tho rich and not upon tho poor; hut ono of tho very worst eli'ects of protection was that tho taxation involved m it fell upon tho poor. ("Hear, hear.") Tho gentlemen who wanted to force protection upon them reminded Inm r\i .Krt 1.1'itt .ml/i I I f I. .1 ...1 in Paddy's Market. That man told them that if they had a sore throat or a wooden leg those j.uila would cure them. They bought the pills ; they felt rather ill a few days after wards, hut in the mouutiino tho ven dor of tho pills had quietly put tho money into his pocket. (Laughter.) It was just the suiue with icgard to protection. People were going about saying that nothing but protection would cure the trade of the country. Some simpletons wore foolish enough to believe them, uud if they had their own way thoy would purchase tlio protection pill to-rnoirow. Thoy wo, tld feel rather ill after wards, lie could protnbo them that, hut in the meantime the manufacturer would be pro tected. (Laughter.) Supposing a tax of 20 per cent, was put on their clothes, tho first thing that happeued would be f,»r tho mer chant to go to tho Custom Hon so and pay 20 per cent, on the goods as he imported them. It would be paid in hard caMi, tliero was no get ting over that. Then ho would put another 5 or 10 percent, on his goods as interest, to make up for tho length of time tho goods wore lying idle. Tuo consequence was that when they went into- a store at Campbelltown to make their purchases thoy would find that many of the articles thoy wanted had suddenly increased in price to the tuiie of 26 or '30 per cent. ("Hoar, hear.") But they must re member that tuxes could not at the same time both increase tho revenue of tlio country and foster native industry. if it did the latter it went into the pocketa of a handful of munuacturers, and why, fie would like to know, uiu tuev speak of manufacturers as tho only men 'who wero engaged in native industries '! Whatcvar honest work they did, they were engaged in native industry. (" Hear, hear.") When thev talked of giving tlio people of New South "Wales the command of their own marketa, what they really meant was that they wanted the manufacturers to havo tho command of tho markets, and then the people would have to buy from them ou their owu terms. (Cheers.) Thou they said. " We will keep tlio money in the country." That romiuded hiui of an euterprising burglar who, wheu caught by the shopkeeper in the act of robbing the till, explained that it was alright — there was no need for alarm, as ho was going to spend the money in the shop on tlio lAllm.n' nr. /r.nlirrLt.., finil «i l.iAwi.i .4 / ! rtrw boy, George.") That was practically wliat the protectionists said. Thoy wanted to get their hands into the pockets of the taxpayers, aud when they wore caught they said " It's alright, you know we are going to spend the money in the country for you." ;s (Laughter.) That was all very well, but if they were wise they would prefer apendiug it themselves ; and it was worth | while remarking that tho very meu who wanted to tax them would fcoui the whole world round iu order to buy a little machinery iu the cheapest market. Mr. Floteber hail juse done so him self. (" Hear, hear.") Auother question was asked of them, " What are we going to do with our boys ?" Now, in the largest manufno- euring nations of the world otdv about ono man of every 10 was engaged in manu- facturiutr ; fo if a father had 10 sons aud could only put one of them into a manu- tory, was lie going to tax tho other nine to support that one? Yet that was exactly what the protectionists asked him 1 to do. (Cheer?.) .People had complained a good deal about the commercial depres sion in this colony. Well, New South Wales had been a 'freetrado colony for a good many years ; Victoria had been a protectionist colony, uud one of the principal causes of our depres , «ion was the large number of workpeople oat of employment who came here from Victoria in oonrch of work. Then, too, tho prices of wool I and tin and coppor had fallen very aeriou9ly, and wo had been suffering from vorysorerQ droughts which no amount Of protection could cure. Was that not enough of Itself to account for a good deal of the distress in the country ? Ho thought it was, and it seemed to him to be a very poor way of doing things to tax a man .simply because, he wan poor. Surely it would be a great cleal Taircr to tax the rich landowner. (Cheers.) If a man was rich, then ho could afford to bo gonerous. Ho always maintained that it was right to buy Australian-made articles; but it was simply cruel for them to force tboir poor noighhoiB into buying them. ("Hear, hoar.",) No prominent man in any country who had made a study ot political economy was a pro tectionist. ("Cries of " Yes.") Then who .were those men ; . could anybody name ouo of them? (A voice: "Bismarck.") Oh! ho had never heard of Bismarck as a political economist or ns a pbilosophor. JT.c had heard of him at a statesman, as a man of blood and iron ; aud thai was why protec tion suited him. He was eunbled by it to keep his two million dogs of war fed up to the eyes. That enormous army was paid by Gorman marks and not by English shillings. ("Hear, hear.") What did Henry George say on the subject ? He said that the working people of America wore rapidly sinking iuto the position of the ' most dowu-troddeu workpeople in Europe. In? America 'the poor were poorer and the rich were richer than was tho case any where olse in the world. But if Americans protected manufactured articles they did not protect their own labor against foreign labor. A gentleman who was recently in the States told hitn that when visiting a fac tory in which 6000 persons were employed he asked how many of that nnmber were native- born, and was told that only 230 wero native born. In America, where they had no standing army of ponsequence, they did not know what to do with the money they took out of tho pockets of tlio working classes. They could not spend it upon the public in any of the States : they could only Bpeud it upau national works, and the re sult was that millions upon millions of monoy wore lying icflo in the Treasury. If Mr. Dihbs taxed thorn to tho extent of 20 or 25 per cent, he could soon wipe off his deficit and accumu late a tremendous amouut of money ; but what would they pay to seeing their money lying idle by the milliou in the Treasury ? Unless he was mistaken they would much prefer taking care or it in their own pockets. This much they certainly Bhouid remember : If they were pro tectionists and desired to assist local manu factures, tboy could do it now just as well as they could if we had protective laws in force. iThoy were perfectly freo to go to tho local manufacturer and oilier to pay him 3s or 4s more for his articles than tho price of similar articles of English manufacture. Nobody prevented themnibsidising local manu facturers as much as ever they liked, but if they were suchjfools ns to do it, thoy should remem ber that it was very unfair to force freetraders to do so. (Cheers). As a matter of fact, industries which grew naturally in a country were always the most succeisful, and by foster ing unnatural industries they wore taxing the healthy ones to pay for the unhealthy ones. Many people talked of protection as though it was something of their owu invention, but he assured them that it was'one of the traditions which had come down from tho barbarous ages. There was a tune when every nation thought that its only chance of life was to strangle its neighbor. England had tried both policies. England would have been a protectionist country until to-day but for one thing, and it was that protection resulted in starvation. Over 40 years ago England was tho most protected country in the world— protected to such an extent that wheu tho woollen industry was in a depressed condition they ouce passed a law to the effect that everyone who died should be buridd in a woollen shirt. (Laughter.) In those days tiie food as well as the clothes of the people were protected, and the consequence was that they were left in a starving condition ; and now England was the most prosperous nation on the face of the earth, whilst America, with its 3,000,000 square miles of territory and its (50,000,000 of people, sent up a whine and a howl whenever it was 'suggested to reduce the tariff. (Cheers.) With regard to Victoria Mr. Hayter had pointed out beyond doubt that tho exports of products and manufactures from that colony had never been so small since 1867 as they were to-day. The exports of Vic toria amounted to £8 6s 9d per head of the population, whilst those of freetrade Now South Wales, amounted to £15 a head. (Cheers.) And what had the Victorian farmers to say of protectiou? They had just hoard of them ap plying to tiie Chamber of Manufactures for an increase in tho tariff on their produce. They said they could no longer keep their farms going under the present condition?. But the Chamber of Manufactuies — men who were growing richer overy year out of the iaxe3 paid by tho people at large — coolly told them it would be impossible for thein to support any new conditions which would make tho food of the neonle nnv dearer. Bo much for the unfairness of a protective policy in its application to different classes of the community. At the present time the con ditions of farming in New Bouth Wales were, perhaps, more favorable than in any other country. The marlcot of this colony was an ideal market for the farmer ; the demand was actually iu excess of tho supply, and all the time the prico of wheat was higher bore than in Victoria. As a matter of fact, the price of wheat in London regulated tho prices ail over the world, but still it was worth while remem bering that whilst tho- protectionists went into the country districts aud promised the farmers that thoir policy would increase tho price of wheat they came down to the cities and told the people there Jthat under protection the price of wheat would be reduced. (Laughter.) Every country must grow ao a house grew. They must have tbeir foundation properly laid before ther put the roof on the structuro. But these protectionist builders wanted to put on n gorgeous gilded roof beforo the national struc ture was up. Already we had 44,000 persons engaged in manufactures in this colouy, and that was but 2000 or 3000 less than were similarly engaged iu Victoria. (Cheers,) Mr." Voodhou.se and other speakers followed, the meeting terminating with a hearty vote of thanks 30 Mr, Reid. 