Lover and Lord. Chapter XX. —Continued. ?I will.VNora said feimply; and, thooqh her lipa trembled, there was a resolute gleam in the clear gray eyes vrbioh comforted and helped the young man. Aβ briefly and gently as might be, he K>r told her tbe whole story of the last fow '{'months—bow Nettie bad rosonod her ?|g|Vfrmn; suicide, how they had brought hot with them, and how Providence had aided her escape—how tUe finding of the poor sea-waif who had boon bnricd as Lady de Qretton had silenced all BDspicion and stayed all pnrsuit. She listenod in the absolute eilenoe shn had promised, her face becoming rigidly, .terribly calm. Only the great changeful eyes, now dark as night, now brightening to a clear luminone gray, in any v?aj interpreted the feilings that vrarrf'l within her. ' Think you,' she said, when at last he brought the halting incoherent otory to a olose. ' Yon and Nettie have been more than mortal in your goodness to mc. Knowing what you knew, thinking what yon thooght, yoor lives have both been sacrificed to me—a murdoress 1' She grow so while as eho spoke the terrible word that Vance cried hastily— 'No, Nora— a maddened miserable girl.' f ' Bnt hone the less a mnrderess, if even in delirious freczy I shod a fellow creature's blood. Oh, Vance!' The Toice that had hitherto been low and calm by strong constraint now rose to a /"?brill anguish cry. ' Oh, Heavon help J mc, this is worse than all 1 No wonder ""?that the onter world condemned mc, when yon, even yon, believed mo guilty of this em!' ?""?"""???'And are yon not ?' The words broke from the man's lips in a hoaT?e whisper; hie heart beat with such wild fierce throbbings that ho could hardly forco himself to speak. A thousand frantic thoughte flashed through his brain, bewildering him with their rapid rash. Iα all his agonised musings on the subject never onco had . he. entertained tho saving thought of ?"?Nora's innocence before. ! '* '"And are yon not? Nora, I have neither judged nor condemned yon— answer mc now 1' She looked at him ; and the mute reproach, the touch of incredulous soorn in the great eyes, hurt him the more for !? the gratitude that struggled with jmd stove to conquer both. Then suddenly ?he fell opon her knees and raised her _, clasped bands, calling upon Heaven to ? testify to the truth of ber words. 1 Aβ Heaven is my nitnoss, no 1' she said, in clear thrilling tones that never broke nor faltered ; and on tho earnest upturned fore there shone a sodden light and glory that was not all ehed there by the setting son. ' Until I knelt by Lord de Qrettou's side that morning, I knew of no danger that threatened, no harm that had befallen him. , ? 'Thank Heaven 1 Ob, thank Heaven for that!' was not Vance who epnke, not ''?Vance who ran to Nora'e Bide, and, flinging both arms oroond hex neck, clnng to her with vehement unreserved affection, and sobbed and langhed aloud in a tompaet of gratittido and joy. It was Nottio, quick, loving, impulsive Nettie, who did ail tbeso things, and, ""trtfinfblding Nora fast, turned round an April Ibc? to eeo how far Vance shared ber.wild. unmeasured joy. Stand in (J within the doorway, she had heard those wild impassioned words, that ;>' appeal to Heaven's justice from tI)P cruel judgment of man ; and, ? with a tender woman's instinct, she never doubted its perfoot truth. Vance might and doubt, and, longing to believe still, struggle with a lingering in credolity. Bhe know no euoh middle course. The dread shadow that had . darkened her path so long vanished in a great glad burst of sunshine. Shonld aheofher own froo will dnell in the darkness? Nottio laughed, a littlo hysterically perhaps—for eho was still fhrilling from head to foot with intense excitement and immeasurable relief— but still laughed in hoaeat scorn of tho idea. ' You poor wrongod darling I ' she oried,huggiug Nora again, and meeting bar calm sad gUnco with loving brim ming eyes. ' Can you ever forgive our cruel thoughts ?' ?Can I over thank yon, rothor? , Nora said gravely. ' Thinking mc that, how could you tnko mc in ? ' ' On, it was nwfnl ! ' Nottio answered, with an honest little ehudder that told plainly as any words how completely with her suspicion had become a thing of tho past. ? To love you with one half ray * heart and be downright afraid of yon i with* tbo other, to see yon so gentle and i sweat and patient, and think those dear j little white hands of yours were ever— ' that ovon in madness yea-— Oh ' — she broke off impatiently—' it is we who / meS over (o doubt you I'??1 '?? Inexpressibly grateful to tho harassed and torturod girl weroj those honest iv \- ooherent utterances, woith all the / eloquence of all the world's orators was ~ tbat simple, illogical, ill-expressed trust. Until now, through all her pain, Nora had aot wept; now the tears gathered slowly in the great eyes and fell one by on$~(lo?n tho pile face, as she bent it ovosf Nettie's head. For two or three minutes tho women cried together, com forting, oaring tears that did them both {pod. % *And Vance—what do yon soy to Vance—7* Nettie died, raising her ' Load briskly. ; >! v Emotion soon exbanated itself in the * S Ming eatress's sensible, practical nature, *sA'j*'] all her; instincts urged her on to J action. Her cry had done her a world ** of good, and cleared all the cobwobs from her brain ; but there was no sort 7 \of eouee iv crying when speech would bo ' ! ,much bettor servo her turn. ' What docs Vaitco say to roe, rather ?' Nora au?werod, with a sort of gravo and \- dignidoa , pathos. With Nettie eta wns ia&}ai|>atl)y''atonce} the giiVa impuU I siye outburst bad broken down all barriers betweoa them. With tho slower, sterner jadgo her innocence wee still on trial. A moment before Vance most still have blundered and stumbled over bis answer; now—he hardly knew why— parbipa his faith caught fire from Nettie's fervent flame, perhaps those Dyes so clear and pure and proud re buked end shamed bis lingering doubt he spoke on on inner impulse, and with perfect hoaesty, as he kissed the beantifnl upraised face. 'I think, as Nettie thinks, that we were mad to donbt you. Forgive us, Nora, if yon can. . Something lifco the ghost of the old Nora peeped for a moment from the troubled oyes and made tho worn yonng face innocently fair and bright. It vanishnd almost instantly ; still it was Rnmething to have brought it there. Vance Singleton's heart glowed with thankfulness as he saw it come and go. They dismissed the matter no more that day, as Nettie interposed with a peremptory nurse's veto, fearing the effect of further agitation in her patient's weakened state ; but . by-and-by Nora rovorted to it, with a volunteered promise that it should be for the last time. 'I am dead, you know, , she said, with the sad fr.r-away smile that gave her beantifal face a sweetly sqirituel look. ' Nora Vansittart has her life before her—we most arrange that afterwards— but Nora Brnce is bnried in Stoke Vernon after to-day. We will not disturb her grave.' ' But, iNora,' Nettie interrupted, in qoiok dismay,' you speak as thoHgh this state of things were final. That must not and shall not be—must it, Vance ? Some day her innocence will be proved.' ' I think not, dear,' Nora interrnpted, touching with soft caressing fingers the shining rings upon the low whito brow. ' I think that thoee who fonnd mc guilty then would hardly reverse their verdiot now.' Nettie looked thoughtful, and Vance knew instinotively what donbt was troubling her mind; Had they done harm, and not good, by their precipitate step ? Had they condemned Nora to a living death, when her innocenoe might possibly hare been proved ? ' No,' she said, as though interpreting the thoughts of the young pair. ' Yon did the very best that could have been done in every way. My life really ended before—that dreadful day.' She was long before she recovered from tbe shock of that a waif ing—before she roused herself to anything like inte rnet in her actual life ; but it was as impossible for gloom to abide in Nettie's bright presence as for darkness to resist the influence of the sun. By every loving wile and tender womanly device she draw the girl from the memory bannted solitude of her own thoughts and more and more within the circle of ber own vivid interests. Now it was work with which Nora must help her, now advice that Nora's keen artistic taste mnst give, and now—this with a shy and deprecating glance at her hus band—little hials that the better eduoatod and more higly-bred Nora might bestow opon the clevor little re presentative of modo.rn-comcdy Indies. So, little by little, half nnconsciooely, and half, as it wore, against her ?vill, Nora passed from hor dreary dreamland back to the waking world. People who knew Vance and Nettie, their fellow-woikers, at the theatre, and those few literary and artistic friends whom they had permitted themselves to make grew quite accostomod to see Mrs Sidney Vanaittart accompanied by the beautiful white-haired girl whose face waa like a tragic poem, as one of ber numerous admirers said, and whoee voice, in her lightest moments, had a strangely sorrowful ring. That voicj so impressed their manager that ho made strenuous exertions to persuade ' Miss Vansittart' tbother trne vocation lny within tho walls of a theatre, and bur wild terror of tho baro idea amused as much as it surprised him. ' She has queer ideas, that Bister of yours, Van, , he said to Vance, with the free-and easy manner of his class, ' and a deuced high look, and all that sort of thing. Bomehow, if I did not know how it was, I should have taken her for a downright swell!' Vance laughed, lest) because the polite implication amused him than to cover the uneasiness the careless words caused. ' Ob, I don't mean anything im polite, I assure you 1 You ore a first, rate fellow in your way, higb-tonod manners, and all that sort of thing; but Miss Vansittart is—is—hang it, I don't quite know what she is,' he finished, with a puzzled little laugh, ? bat something qaite out of tbe way and extraordinary I She might make for tune on tho stage, if she has only half tbe passion and g? her face promises. I wonder you have nevor tbsoght of running her in tho trogio line, Van ? And yet 1 do not know. Somehow she seems a cut above tho threatie, though she does not mind being dresser to Mrs V. , Vance felt a> cold thrill ao bo listened, and assumed bin loftiest manner for the repression of the man, who was quite unconscious that his speculations could give offence. ' My eister is quite capable of manag ing her own affairs, I aesnre you,' be said coldly; whereupon Mr Valance laughed, ehrngged bin shoulders, and, with an amased and careless ' Quite so, dear boy J ' let the matter drop, to the young actor's infinite relief. And meantime the original engage ment made by Vance and Nettie bad expired. Mr Valance was willing I enough to renew it; and, though ' Vanco knew hie young wifu's oyot* and thoughts turned, with nn ever-growing longing, buck across tho wide waste ot water that rolled and toatied betwron her and hor mother and Jenny, aud that little homo of which she had been tho bread-winner and tho bond, he knew also that he ehonSd hear no innrmnr from sho sweet led lipe if ho deemed. longer exile wisest and beet. . Bat, while bo still doubted, for Nora's sake, whether or not to sign, nhilo the manager still preesed him urgently, Nora hereolf interposed In a calm resolute fnshion that lifted the burden of responsibility from Vance Singleton's mind. ' You moet not keep Nettio from her mother any longer, Vance. It is her turn to be considered now. She is too unselfish to pnt hor wish into words, bnt it ie always in her thoughts and in her eyes, dear. You most tuke her home. , ' And you 7' the young man asked eagerly. Perhaps she was right. Cristino and his mother were in Ger many still. Who clso would be likely to recognise in the sorrowful white haired Mies Vansittart the beautiful Lady do Qrotton of a day 7 < I shall come too. Yes, it will bo qoito safe, Vonce,' the girl added, with her brave pathetic smile, ' for yon know that I am dead.' So Mr Valance angrily tare up his agreemont; and the next ' White Star' steamer bore the party home. (To be Continued.') 