T h e I n g o l d s b y L e g e n d s . BY THOMAS XTTGOUJSBY, Esq. ? X Tt 's climate, not ml vary— Remorse for temptation to which you have yielded, is A shadow you can't sell as Peter Ssblemil did his; , It haunts you for ever—in bed and at board- Ay, e'en in your dreams. And you can't find, it seems, Any proof that a guilty man ever yet snored ! It iB much if he slumbers at all. which but few— Franjois Xavier Auguste was an instance— can do. Indeed, from the time He committed the crime . Which cut off poor sihtsr Therese in lier prime, He \ras not the same man that he had been— bis plan "Was quite changed—in -mid freaks be no more led tire Tan: He'd scarce sleep a wink in A week; but sit thinking. From company shrinking— He quite give up drinking At the mess-table, too, where now seldom he came, Fish, fricassee, fricandcau, potage, or game, Dlndon avx trujfes, or turbot d la crime. So !—be still fchock his head,—it was always the same, Still be never complained that the couk was to flow blame . Twas his appetite fail'd him—no matter how rarc And rcAerchi the dish, how delicious the ! What he' used to like best he no longer could bear; 1 But he'd sit there and stare With an air of despair • , Toot httt would wear Boots that ; waoted repair; Sucll a ehjrt too ! you'd think he'd no linen to tplre. ; He om;^ted to shave; he neglected bis hair. , Aud ]jok.j more ]jke a Guy than a gay Mous- ; nuetaire. Qae t|,ing, above all, most excited remark ; jn tke even;Dg he seldom eat long after dark, tjjat then, as of yore, he'd go out for " a j^j.•> ^ friends; but when they, After taking cafe, Would have broiled bones and kidneys brought in on a tray. —Which I own I consider a very good way, If a man'd not dyspeptic, to wind up the day— No persuasion on earth could induce him to stay ; But he'd take up his candlestick, just nod his head, By way of " Good evening! " and walk off to bid. Vei even when there he seemed do better oS, For he.d wheeze, and he'd sneeze, and he'd hem! and he'd cough. And they'd hear him all night, Sometimes sobbing outright, While his valet, who often endeavour'd to peep, Declared that" his master was never asleep! But would sigh, and would groan, slap his forehead, and weep ; That about ten o'clock His door he would \- lock, And then never would open it, let who would knock!— He bad heard him," lie said, " Sometimes jnmp*out of bed. And talk as if speaking to one who was dead ! He'd groan, and he'd moan, In so piteous a tone, Begging some'one or other to let him alone, That it really would soften the heart of a stone To hear him exclaim so and call upon Heaven, Then—the bother began always just at eleven!" Franjois Xavier Auguste, as I've told you before, I believe was a popular man in his corjts, Aud bis comrades, not one Of .whom knew of the Nun, Now began to consult what was best to be done. Count Corden Bleu And the Sieur de la R'jue Confess'd they did not know at all what to . do: But the Chevalier Hippolyte Hector Achilla Alphonse Stanislaus Emife de Gnandville Made a fervent appeal To the zeal they must feel For their friend, so distinguished an officer's weal. V The first thing," he said, " was to find out the matter That bored their poor friend so, and caused all this clatter— Mort dc ma vie! " —Here he took some rappee— " Be the cause what it may, he shall tell it to He was right, sure enough—in a couple of days He worms ont tbe whole story of Sister Therese, Now entomb'd, poor dear soul! income Dutch Percta Chain. —"But -the worst thing of all," Franjois Xavier declares, " " In, whenever I've taken my candle up stairs. There's Therese sitting there—upon one of those chairs 1 Such a frown, too, she wears,and so frightfully glares, That I'm really prevented from Baying my pray'rs, While an odour, the very reverse of perfume,— More like rhubarb orsenna, pervades the whole room !" Hector AchUle Stanislaus Emile, When he heard him talk so felt an odd sort of feel; Not that tie cared for Ghosts—he was far too genteel; Still a queexish sensation came on -when he saw Him, whom, for fun, They'd,' by way of a puu On his person and principles nick-named Sana Foi, A man whom they had, you see, Mark'd as a Saducee,— In his horns, all at once, so completely to draw, And -to talk'of a Ghost with such manifest ".'awe! It excited the Chevalier Grandville's surprise; He shrugg'd up his shoulders, he turned up his eyes, And he thought with, himself that he could not do less Than lay the whole matter before the whole mefs. Repetition's detestable;—So » you're best able Paint to yourself the effect at the Mess-table— How the bold Brigadiers Prick'd up their ears, And received the account, 'some with fears, some with sneers. • How the Sieur de la'Hone Said to Count Cordon Bleu, Ma foi—cat lien drole—Slonseigneur, what say you I s ' How Count Cordon Bleu Declared he "thought so too ;"— How the Colonel affiroi'd that "the case-was quite new;"— How the Captaius and Majors Began to lay wag' rs How far tbe Ghost part of the etory was true ;— How, at last, when asked "What was the best thing to do ? " Everybody was silent,—for nobody knew ]— And how, in the end.' they said, -**No one cuidd deal With the matter so well, from bis prudence and zeal, As the Gentleman who was the first to reveal This strange story—viz. Hippolyte Hector Achille Alphonse Stanislaus EmUe de Grandville i " I need scarcely relate " The plans, little and great, - Which came into the Chevalier Hippolvte's pate • • • • To rescuc his friend from his terrible foes, those mischievous Imps, whom the wodd, J suppose . - From extravagant notions jKmicJinB'*aJgt: I hue, , t • T Inasmnch as, his $&pau;» Verf "it'jbo anjikB Than those be had, early la life, found to fail, When ha strove to lay salt on some little bird's tail. > In vain did he try With strong waters to ply His friend, on the ground flat he never could spy Such a thing as & Ghost, with a drop in his •stfgkey^ s much lees « funky. In vain did he strive to detain himfit Able Till his " daik hour" -was over—he never was able, Save once, when at Mess, With that sort of address, Which tbe British call "Humbug," and the Frenchmen " Finesse " (It's "Blarney" in Irish—I don't know the Scotch,) He fell to admiring hisfriend'^ English watch.* He examined 4he face. And . the back of tbe case, And the youog lAdy's.portrait there, done on enamel, he *" Saw by the likeness was one of the family - " Cried"Svperbel—Magnifigue\" '(WitUhis tongue In his cheek)— Then he opened the case, just to take'a peep in it, and - Seized the occasion to pop hack the minute hand. With a demt-om^e, and a shrug, and a giiu, he &eturnB; the bijou and—c'al vntvffairtfaiie—' " I've donn him," thiiih he, "now I'll wager a guinea!" It happen d that day They were all very g»y. Twasthe Grand MonargiLci birthday—that is,'twas St. Louis', Which in Catholic oountries, of course, they would view as his— So when Hippolyte saw Him ahout to withdraw. He cried, " Come—that won't do, my fine fellow, St. Foix,— Give ns five minutes longer, and drink Vive le Roi!" Fracfois Xavier Auguste, . Without any mistrust^ • Of the trick that was play'd, drew his watch from his fob, Just' glanced at the hour, then agreed to " hob cob," Fill'd a humprr, and rose, With "ifctsicui-t, I propose—" He paused—bis blanch'd lips fail'd "to utter the toast. Twas eUren i—he thought it half-past ten at most— - Ev'jy limb, nerve, and muscle grew «tiff as a post,— Hisjawdropp'd—his eyes SweU'J to twice their own size— - And he stood a; a pointer would stand—at a Ghost • —Then shriek'd, as he fell on the floor like a stone, " Ali! Sister Therese t now—do let me alone!" It's amazing by sheer perseverance What men . do,— As water wears stone by tbe " jStnpecadcndo" If they stick to Lord Somebody's motto, " Agendo !" Wan it not Robert Bruce?—I declare I've forgot But 1 think it was Robert—you'll find it in Scott— Who, when cursing Dame Fortune, was.taught by a Spider, "She's sure to -come round, if you will but abide her." Then another great Bob, Called "Whiteheaded Sob," Whom I once saw receive .such a thump on the " nob " From a fist which might almost an elephant brain, That I really believed, at the first, he was slain, For he lay like a log on his back on the plain, Till a gentleman present accustomed to train, Drew out a smalt lancet and opened a vein Just below his left eye, which relieving the • -pain, He stood up like^a trump, with an air of dis- • d∈, .'y*.." 1 -' While his" backer " was'fain—For lie could not refrain— . (He was dress'd in pea-green, -with a pin and gold chain, .: • And' I vlbink I heard £omehodj call him " Sqiiire'Hayne,") To whiaperfen toonefo oas'dould'always retain, —" Take a scck at the lemon axd at him AGAIN ! ! ! " A hint ce'er surpass'd, though thus spoken at random, ;'.'„' Since, Teufflri^apoitrophe—XUdetpcranduni 1 GranviUeJsgSSgpn it, and order'd his Tandem. He haa?8jjrd St. Foix say, That no Teiy great ." From Kainur»nas * snug little town called Graadpre, Near which, a few miles from ihe banks of the Maese, Dwelt a pretty twin-raster of poor Dear Therese, Of the same age, of course, the same father, same mother, And as like to Therese as one pea to another ; She liv'd with her Mama, Having lost her Papa, Late of contraband tehnaps an unlicensed distiller, And her name was Dea Moulins (in English Mies Miller). Now, though Hippolyte Hector Could luridly expect her > To feel muchregaril forher sister's " protector,' When she'd seen him So shamefully leave aud neglect her; Still, be very well knew In this world there are few £ut are ready much Christian forgiveness to Bhow, For other folk's wrongs—if well paid so to do And he'd seen to what acts "Jia Angusta " compel beaux. . And bdte* whose affairs have once got out at elbows, With the magiceffect of a handful of crowns Upon people whose' pockets boast nothing but " browns:" A few frana well applied He'd no doubt would decide Miss Agnes Des Moulins to jump up and ride As far as head-quarters, next day, by his Bide; For the distance was nothing, to speak by comparison,' To the town where the MouBquetair&s; now lay in garrison; Then he thought by the aid . Of a veil, and gown made Like those -worn by the lady his friend had betray'd, They might dress up Miss Agnes so like to (he Shade Which he fancied he saw, of that poor injured maid, Come each night, with her pale faoe, his guilt -to upbraid; That if once introduced to his room, thus nraj'd,... And then unmask'd as Boon as she'd long enough stay'd, Twouid be no veiy difficult task to persuade Him tbe whole was a scurvy trick, cleverly playd, Out of spite and revenge, by a mischievous jade! With respect to the scheme—'.hough I do not \- call that a gem— S:Q1 I've known soldier's adopt a worse stratagem, . And that, too, among .the decided approvers Of General Sir David Dundan's "Manoeuvres." There's a proverb, however, .I've always thought clever, Which my Grandmother never was tired of repeating, ' - . ' The proof of the pudding is found in the . eating 1" We shall see in the sequd/how Hector Achille Had mix*d up thesuet and plumsforAiameaL The night had set in ;—"twas a dark end ngloomy-one:— • Off went St. Foix to his chamber; a roomy -one,-- '. • . - •,-. . - , Five stoles high,; The first floor from the :sky, •-.-.. And lufty enough to afford j>reat facility For playing a .game, with the youthful nobility, , ; .. Of "'crack eorya," a deal in Eequeat, when they're feeling, • In dull countiy quarters, ennui on them Bteal- .... ing; A wet wafer's applied To a sixpence's side, Then it's spun with the thomfc up to stack on the,ceiling; ntellectual amusement which cuslom allows l 'old tioeipQ— -'-i jffi'-i < re «beu it-*ere WoliBoa^t iiiiB He'd a table, and bed, And three chairs * and all's eiud— ' Atachelor'e barrack, where'er you discern it, you're Sure not to find overburthen'd with furniture. Frangns Xavier Auguste lock'd and bolted hii door With just the same caution abefore; And now comes the moment—the watches and dockB ; All point to deven—the bolts aud the locks Give way—and the party turn out their bagfox!— . With step noiseless and light, Though half in a fright, A cup in her left hand, a draught in her right, In her robe long and black, aud her vol long and white, lla'umsello Agnes des Moulins walks in as a 'Sprite!—: \ She. approaches the -bed Wlth the eame silent tread Just as though she had been at leastlialfa year dead! Then seating herself on the "ruBli-bottim'd chair," . Throws a cold stony glancp- at the Black Mousquetaire. If you're One of tbe "play-going public, • kind reader, And not a.Moravian or rigid Seceder, . • You've seen Mr. Kean, I mean in that scene Of Macbeth,—by some thought the crack -one ofthepicce, Which baa been so well painted by Mr. M'Clise,— - When he wants, after having stood up to say grace,* . ; . ' To sit down to his haggis, and can't 'find a place; ' You remember his stare At'tlife high-back'd aim-chair, • ; Where the Ghost sits that nobody else knows is there, And how, after, saying " What man dares I dare!" . . • . He proceeds to declare He shoifM not so much care. If it came' in the shape of a " tiger" or "bear," But he don't like it sinking its long gory hair! While the obstinate Ghost, as determined to brave him, With a horrible grin, Sits, and cocks up'his chin. Just as though he was asking the tyrant to shave him. And Lennox and Bosse Seem quite at a loss If they ought to go on with their sheep's head aud sauce! And Lady Macbeth looks uncommonly cross And says in a huff Il'sall"Proper£tuff!"— All this you'll have seen, Reader, often enough;. So perhaps 'twill assist you in forming some notion Of what must have been Franjois Xavier'* emotion . . ' If you fancy what troubled - Macbeth to be doubled. And, instead of one Banquo' to stare in his \- fice Without" speculation," suppose he'd a brace 1 I with I'd poor Fuselrs pencil, who ne'er I believe was exceeded in painting the terrible^. Or that of Sir Joshua Reynolds, who was so a-droit in dapicting it—vide his piece Descriptive of Cardinal Beaufort's decease, Where that prelate' is lying, Decidedly dying, With the Sing and his suite, Standing just at his feet, And his hands, as Dame Quickly says, fumbling the sheet; While, close at his car, with the air of a scorned " Busy, meddling," Old Nick's grinning up in the corner. But painting's an art I confess I am raw in, The fact is, I never took lessons in drawing, Had I done so, instead Of the lines you have read,. I'd have given you a sketch should have fill'd you with dread! Frangois Xavier Auguste squatting up in his bed, His hands widely spread, Win complexion like lead, j Ev'ry hair that he has standing-np on his head. As when, Agnes desMonlins first catching his view, -. • ',- Now right, and now left, jiapid glances he threw. Then shriek'd with a wild and.' unearthly halloo, y; 1 * t. "Hon. Ditu J v'la deaxl" Br.'lHK Pope! IHEEE ABE TWO! ! ! He fell back—one long aspiration he drew, In flew De la Roue, And-'Count Cordon Bleu, . / Pommade, Pomme-de-terre, and tha ^rest aof their crew. A J He £tuT*d not,—be spoke-not,—hejaoia'of . them knew! j. • Jf? 8 ?;';?. • And Achille cried f Odzxiks I I fear hy his looks, '^fefc^'iv/ Our friend, Frangois '^vieiy liaB popp'd off the books ! " ' "Twas too true ! AfaVieurcux/! It was done!—he had ended his earthly career,— . .. r - He had gone off at once with a flea ifi his v -'ear; - .- 1 :' The Black Mouequetaire. was jfs" dead as Small-beer!! I : ' ' ' A moral more in fxnit Iscaroe could hope Than this, from Mr. AlejonderBope. If ever chance should bring some Comet gay And pious Maid,—aB, possibly, it may,— From Knightsbridge Barracks, and the shades Berene Of Clapham Rise, as far as Kensal Green; O'er some pale marble when they join their heads To kiss the falling tears each other sheds; Oh 1 may they passe!—and think, in silent awe, He, that, 'he reads the words, " Ci git Su Foix!" She, that the tombstone which her eye surveys Bears this sad line, —" Hie jacet Saar Therese / "— Then shall they sigh, and weep, and murmuring say, " Oh! may we never play such tricts as they '."— And if at Buch a time some Banl there be, Some sober Bard, addicted much to tea And sentimental song—like Ingoldsby— If such there be—who sings and ams bo well, Let him this sad, this tender story"tell! Warn'd by the tale, the'gentle' pair shall boi6t, "I've 'scaped the Broken Heart!"—* and L the Ghost"!! 