It is a constant complaint by now churns, and by- the oid-fashioned importations from tho place which is now vaguely spoken of as "tho Mother country," tlrnt Cfiristmas in Australia is not a bit liko the same season ud nuuiu. yy en, Lucre are no aount inany differences, as for instance in tho season, the temperature and the mode of keeping the annual festival, but- tlicsc arc matters which we cannot alter, and probably wo would not try to alter them if we could do so. Wo do not see why wo should be com pelled to follow England in everything, nnd wo may rather glory in having a Christmas of a distinctively Australian character. Wo aro ovon vain enough 'to think and say that in our observance of the festival— as in all our other social and political institutions when wc talk about thorn— wc aro very far ahead of tho slow-going old country across the water, and will maintain tho same not withstanding Mr Trollopo . and his disa greeable observations. Certainly' tho time is a more enjoyable one hero than it is in Europe, for our cousins at tho othor owl of the world aro freezing with cold ; with bare trees and a mantle of snow in' tho landscape afraid to put their noses out of doom for foar of frost-bite nnd chilblains, crowding round the tiro scorching their faces and con tracting chronic rheumatism in tho spine while wo are seoking our pleasure where Australians chiefly lovo to take it, in tho open air, with the fields ripening to harvest, the trees clothed, and fruit. laden, and with a warm and bright sunshine which raises the spirits to tho proper tension for enjoy ment in spite of the occasional hot wind. Then we have our excursions to picturesque spots, picnics, fishing and shooting parties, atni though last but by no means least our sports gatherings, all affording means of en joyment fur preferable to to the blind-man's buff, dominoes and ghost stories of tho ChriBtmas evenings of " homo." But in all the best features of the English festival wo claim to maintain the excelFent sentiments and sympathies of our forefathers. We have not lost our charitable disposition towards tho poor at this time of the year, although we are thankful that there is not the same pressing necessity for exercising it in this land as exists in tho overcrowded populations of Europe ; and we find that all over Victoria subscriptions are boing raised for relieving the indigent and supplying tho enjoyments of the season to charitable insti tutions, so that tho poor unfortunate inmates may in some measure participate in the pleasures of Christmas-tide. Tho spirit of hospitality is just as hearty and active hero as olsowliere, as is shown'in the intorchango botweon Melbourne and tho np-country towns in the acceptances of invitations to visit relatives nnd friends j and we hiivo also tho children to whoso pleasure wo aro accustomed to especially devote onr&elves; at this season, and in contributing to thoir enjoyment is duo no small proportion of the pleasure experienced by thoir parents and friends. Lastly we have tho same unanimity in observing the holiday, in freeing ourselves from the cares of labor and business, and in giving ourselves unreservedly to the kindly influences of tho season, for our own onjoy-' nicnt and the enjoyment of others. VVb trust that this influence will continue to be transmitted through succeeding generations as long as the world lasts, and that its good effects will increase rather than diminish in tho bright future promised for thiB fair land of "Australia the Happy." In this hope wo are enabled to offer our readers the usual greoting of tho g.iy and festive season, "A Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year." In accordance with our usual custom, and to enable our employees to participate in the Christmas festivities, we inform our readers that there wilDbA"nb publication of tho "Avoca Mail "on Frid/iy next. .. Mr Baxter is now making excellent pro- gross with tlio railway line from Avoca to Ararat Tho rails are laid down for some distance, and the othor work is being pushed rapidly ahead. The lino to the ballast at tho Golden Stream claim has been made, and on Saturday night tho contractor's engine "and trucks arrived- at Avoca, and were got to work yesterday morning. Mr Baxter con siders that all going woll ho will liavo the lino completed in the specified time, which Tho Government diamond drill is to bo removed from Lilieur to Cogill's Creek in accordance with instructions from tho De partment. This again shows the oxtrava- gant manner in which money has been squandered by Government. The drill has has net finished its work, not having tested tho deep ground, and as a consequence it must at Homo . future timo return. In ad- dition h> this Mr; Howitt, Secretary for Mines distinctively promised that when re- moved from Liber the drill would be sent either to Avoca or Nntto Yallock. It is probable that tho matter will bo brought under tho notice of .the Department, At the local police court ye9terdavr before .Messrs G. Pinch, £. Snell, and M. JI. Wise, J's.P , Georgina Meer Runhen charged Meer Rnshen with wife, desertion. Mr Herring appeared for complainant, and Mr Barrett f"r_ defendant. This was tl.e only case ivhich occupied the magistrates' nttentinn. It appeared from the evirlouce given that the complaiDant hld\s\vorn an information before the police imgiBtrate (F. K. Orme, Esq.), that the del indent had left her with out adequate tncai » of support, but upou being put in tho w ueBs-linx, aud questioned as to tho alleged harge, the complainant broke down in shee ing the charge home to MeerRushen, in fait it was otherwise, Meer Rnshen always hav ng been anxious to have his wife with him ; but, as was afterwards found out, the co iplainant's parents were unwilling for their, laughter to go. back to her husband unless ;he defendant was will ing to keep them a! o — a very likely thing. The Bt ncti accord i. r\y dismissed the case, and informed tho c mplainant that the best thing she could d( was to go back to her husband. Mr' Jno F. Pati i conducted a very suc- -ccssful aale of tl i. Avoca Freehold and Lsasehold Estate Co ipany's property yester day afternoon at the falo hotel, Avoca, when the whole of the lan I, etc., was sold to Mr F. J. Field, of Mary iorough,for £1700. / Sergeant Charles (ffected the arrest of a veiy old criininjil on Friday evening named John Andrews, wholhns several other aliaset and has been wanteu for a considerable time past, in conscqucnco'l of a number of Job beries. He is chargcirwith. havLog on tho 24th October- last stoles a horse, the property .of Mr GcorAj, Littlcjob»t briekmaker, of 'Victaria-streKf"Gtiohm(3ijⅈ»;ht -a paddock wherein it was grazing, ' "Prisoner sold it on tho 30th October to Mr G. C. Caldwollj/ a horsg dealer at Mount Rowan, to- whom'he stated that he was a fanner, named W. P. Richards, residing at Doctor's Creek, near Talbot. He also previously sold two' horses toMr Caldwell, wliich the police have ascertained were stolen from Messrs Richter (Ay'bcu) and Foley (Brunswick) respectively. He/will be charged with these offences, and alip with the /robbery of a springeart from Air McPhee'siWoodstock station, near Loxton. Prisoner is a/very old offender, having served 15 sentences for various offences. 1 I Quite a gloom was cast over Talbot on Friday on /hearing of the death , of Mr William Phelan, who died at Geelong where he had bohn staving for some mqntlis in order to recruit his health. The deceased gentleman, who -possessed a first-class com mercial education, on his arrival in Victoria during the eventful year 1852, proceeded to tho goldfields and observing tho profitable avocation of bullock driving, carriage being £95 from Geelong to Creswick, he pur- ' chased a team, ana when Anderson's saw mills wore opened, he ourted from there to Pascoo'8 timber yard, Creswick, and having invented a brake, lie was , enabled to make- three journeys where others could only mako one. An experienced Dcrwenter in tiding conclusions with the "new chum," killed about 20 bullocks and retired from the contest. Tho brake lie invented was adopted by Cobb and Co. When tho Back Creek (Talbot) rush broke out Air Phelan was the first to open a timber yard, audi by steady .perseverance in course of time he became possessed of an extensive furnishing and upliolstoring establishment in addition to a timber yard, and after he had been there twelve uiontlw.ho was the sole one in tho trade. From the time when lie first arrived he identified himself with, and was a warm supporter of tire temperance cause.. He also took great interest in the Prima- tive AIcthodi8t body, and devoted much time in organising a Sunday school (rough woik in those' days,) and succeeded beyond his expectations. At the anniversary held last year he, being superintendent, stated that many of tho original members of tho Sunday class were now head teachers, and one an inspector of schools. Ho was also . a valuable member of tho municipal council. Ho leaves a widow and d 'largo family of sons and daughters. Residents of this district visiting Ballarat during tho holiday season, should make a special point of inspcctingjthc statue of Ire land's national poet, Tom Moore,, which has just been erected opposite Crawford's mam moth drapery and furnishing emporium, Start street- It would also be found advan tageous to call in at " Crawfords," as tho proprietors, Messrs Snow and Room, announce in our advertising columns special novelties for Christinas and New Year at prices cheaper than any other in the colony. The Christ mas decorations at Cniwfohls aro worth a journey to Butiarat to see. ' Tho following amendments made in tho Education Act como into force in January next. _ The compulsory attendances have been increased from thirty, to forty days in each quarter. When a child 1ms attended more than forty days in one quarter it is not necessary that it should attend full forty days during the next quarter, but tho total atten dance for tho two quarters must amount to eighty days. The lists will bo mado up half-yearly instead of quarterly. A child 13 years of age muy cease to attend Bchool, pro vided such child, has been in tlie fourth class for four quarters of the year. If the cliild has not this qualification, it will bo necessary to attend an annravnd mVht roIiaaI ap oaIiaaI of mines until 15 years of ago, unless a cer tificate of exemption from compulsory atten dance is obtained, and should there bo no such night sohool within three miles of the child's residence such child shall bo entitled to a certificate of exemption if it hasattondod school for tho required number of days in each half-year for a period of two consecu tive years immediately preceding the day on which it claims such certificate of exemption.! A child residing beyond tho legal distance, three miles, 'of a full time school but within' tho diatanco of a half-time school, must at tend tho luttcr, tho half- time school, at least twenty-four days during tho quarter. Any two separate half-dayB constitute one school day. Half-yearly examinations will bq held by tho district inspectors in each school district for the purpose of enabling tho ex amination of children n at. at lendlnn Stnfn schools,' ' ' Wo often doubt whether tho male head of a family ever really appreciates tho oppor tunity ho has for diffusing sunshine at home; or apprehends how much of gloom he cap bring into tho family oircle by entering its precincts with a dark frown on his coun tenance. The wife and mother is withip four avails from, morning until night, with but few exceptions, anil must bear tho worri- ment of fretful children, inefficient servants, weak nerves, and many othor perplexities ; and aho must, do this day after day, while the husband goos out froni theso petty de tails of home care, has tho benefit of the pure fresh air, meets with friends, has a ploasant time, which altogether acts as n oWm nn tha physical man ; and, if he does as ho should, he will come home cheerful, and thereby lighten the homo life for his wife. Sorno men can bo all smiles away from homo, but at home they' are as cross as boars ; and yet we hear it said on overy side, " Wivos, moot your husbands with a smile." Mr Weller, photographer of Maryborough, notifies in another column tlmt ho iR prepared to turn out portraits' of artistic finish oqual to any 'studio in the woitd, and also that ho pays special attention to enlargements." During the Christmas holidays Mr Weller will doubt less he well patronised by visitors from this 'district :';' ' , ; . The propqrtr, consisting of the Vale hotel, Avoca, the Golden Stream paddock, and others, which was purchased at auction by Mr Field, of Maryborough, yesterday, has since been Dlaeed in Mr Jno. F. .Puten's hands for private sale. To-dsy we issue a supplement showing the magnificent eight-story Warehouse now; being erected in Elizabeth Street, .Melbourne,' for Mesars Craig, Williamson and Thomas, the Importers, who, we notice, are holding, an immense clearing sale of summer drapery, woollens, nnd clothing, as also furniture, carpets, «c., with the object of opening their building next season with an entirely new stock. This is un excellent opportunity for families, hotelkeepers and others purchasing seasonable goods at such large reductions as 45 per cent. - The wving arising from extracting oil from soipsuds is so great that no wool washer ought to allow his suds to run into the sewer in the form tho leave tho bowls. Tanks are prepared to receive tho suds, and and whea a tank is full, a certain quantity of vitriol is poured int4 it. This causes the suds to cttrd or crack/and tbe grease and all solid matters fall to/ho' bottom, leaving the water comparativcljictean. This water is then ma off down ihe drain,, and the thicker portion at the bittom is , afterwards run into a filter bed b sand and gravel through which the rest/of the water grad ually filters, leaving tie solid anil greasy matter behind. This p's laid in cloths and called " puddings,"' yjbich are pressed in hydraulic or stsam prepeS' till all tho oil is squeezed out. Freinjwhat is left potash and other ingredients aim - be extracted and the refuse i'b used as manure. The oil must be purified, abd ca;qn bef U80d with great advuhtftgo fbp'di-i'.jniakifigl-o'r lnbricating„ As it not worth while for caob wool washer to do this for himself, it is advisable to sell the suds. The .price, of, course, is clear gain, especially when-much greasy colonial woo! is used. r Mr Gillies has not heard anything further relative to the Proposed Federation Con ference, birty bo is making Sir Ilonry Parkes acquainted .with tlie viewsof tho representa tives of tbe other colonies on the subject. There is s' general feeling in favor of holding the Conference at Hobart early in February, and it U tliought now that, the Now South \Vale8fdelegates will not ' sliow further op position- It is evident that Sir Henr jr Parkes is afraid tiiat tho conference, if held at Hobart may become identified with the Federal Council, but his objection is generally regarded' as childish. At any rate,rcpresehta- tives arc now sanguine that the opinions of Now South Wales'' Premier win not interfere with their contemplated trip to Tasmania, 