AMUSEMENT IN THE BUSH. (from a correspokdent.) Olleba is a pretty place, and the station is justly noted in New England for its hospitality. It has a handsome church, a good cricket ground and tennis court, and a little theatre. The latter has a good stage and proscenium, with many stage accessories, and is much in request. Here, on the night of the 15th December, a crowded house assembled to listen to a . concert provided by the Ollera Amateur Minstrels. The first part of the pro grammme was chair and minstrel busi ness. Bones' and Sambo's corners were occupied by Messrs. Thackeray and Web- ! ster, whose jokes and comicalities kept1 the audience in a roar. The opening song " The Old Brigade," by the interlo cntor, Mr. Croft, of Boorolong, with its martial chorus, went with spirit. Bones followed with " I Tqpk It," and the audi ence apparently " took it" Mr. Mayled ' rendered very nicely the pathetic "Va cant Chair," and the voices harmonised I beautifully in the chorus. Mr. Neilsen then sang, in his usual tuneful manner, a funny old English ditty, called "Coymee , NayrB," and the extreme oddity of the i chorus made it one of the gems of the evening. Mr. Everett followed with " The Tar's Farewell," and Sambo gave his experiences of " Woman, Lovely Woman," eliciting much laughter. Mr. C. Prentice, Jun., then sang " Sweet- j hearts and Wives," and Dr. Bobatham ' sang well "Little Brown Jug," the chorus of which was particularly good. The I corner jokes, being frequently local, were much appreciated—some, indeed, being i perfectly side-splitting. The finale was j an alleged funny yarn by Bones, who succeeded in talking all the men off, and j was himself floured off by a substantial- 1 looking ghost. This was very amusing. I The olio part was opened by Mr. Croft; with " I Was in It," and, for an encore, " KiHaloe." This gentleman is a finished and vivacious comic singer, and appears ; perfectly at home on the stage. Then Messrs. Webster and Thackerary amnsed the audience with their antics and musical ] absurdities on some odd-looking instru- i ments. Then Mr. Croft was again to the ] breach with "Now I Come to Think of It." Mr. Webster followed with a cha racter song "Betsey Wareing," an-old English comic song, and very amusing. This was deservedly encored. The . farce I " Box and Cox" was then acted. The j characters were well sustained by Mrs. Codrington, aB Mrs. Bouncer, and Messrs. Everett and Thackerary as the unfortu nate Box and Cox. This brought the en tertainment to a close at about 10-45 p.m. Mr. G. Prentice, of Ollera Station, is to be complimented on the result, for most of the rehearsals were gone through at the station. Throughout the evening, Miss M. Prentice, a most accomplished player, accompanied the singers on the piano with her usual graceful style. It is to be hoped that the Cricket Club will benefit to a con siderable extent. 