THE Swiss Govermnent haing decided to hold an Industial Conference in the city of Beme in September next, in vited the vanons European Cabinets to send repi esentativ es Our yestei day’s cablegrams informed ns th it the Butish Government has decided to ac cept the imitation The programme of business as outlined m the circulai sent by Switzerland to the foreign Powers includes nearly all the matters which from time to time have been in issue between capital and labor. The Swiss confeience will be asked to deal with—lst. Prohibition of Sunday labor 2nd A minimum age for the admis sion of children to factoiy woik. Sul A minimum hunt for the daily labor of young woikmen. 4th Prohibition of the employment of women and girls or young workmen in such indus tries as are specially injurious to health sth. Limitation of night labor for women and young workmen, and 6th. The adv isibihty of coming to a general understanding as to the con ditions and wot king hours of factory labor. The picsent is a fitting time for a comprehensive and authoritative discussion upon the whole question of the hours and the wages of daily labor There are ominous signs that the trouble, which began at the West phahan Coal Mines, is spreading far and wide The European sons of toil have learnt, oi else are learning, that they have not have had fair play in the battle of life, and with this new know ledge there has come a sense of power. How or whence we need not stop to enquire, but somehow the working classes of the old nations of Europe have learnt that they need not endure oppression in any form, un less they voluntarily submit to it. They have learnt, as jet pet haps imperfectly, but still they have learnt that the combined strength of the ranks of vvoiking men is a power to which capitalists and legislators must bow That they will apply this know ledge without at the same time making mistakes is not to be expected That thej will ultimately use it to their own complete emancipation fiora the bond age of usage and tradition is certain As we have previously remarked, the Westphalian colheis’ stake is bound to raise the w hole question of the rights of the w orking man No matter even if every malcontent were forced back to the coal pit at the point of the bayonet, or if the combined stiengthof the European Governments were directed to keeping things as they used to be, the working men, under the double awakening to the consciousness of long standing injustice, and of their power to successfully resist it, will never relvpse again into the stolid stupor of the slave This is why the projected conference at Berne is above all things timely. The knowledge on the part of the laboring masses that their claims will be seuously considered by men who will be in every way likely to give them fair play, should operate to pre vent any premiture demonstration of their stieugth and determination The programme of the conference will per haps be v aried, and almost certainly extendend, and the interests of the employers will have to be taken into account as well as the rights of the employed Nor is it probable that the Berne confeience will arrive at any finality upon the labor question. Still it will be memoiable as the fiist inter national laboi parliament, and may very likely maik the birth of a movement which will revolutionise the lot of the average working man. The programme itself attacks only indirectly the crux of ’the whole position. We all know that a weekly day of rest is a physical and moral necessity, that some limit should be put to the age at which daily labor is to begin, to the hours spent in the daily task, and to the em ployment of girls or youths in occupa tions which are injurious to health Abuses in all these directions aie but the visible outcome of a sinister cause which lies much deeper down The tendency of the last 20 years, a ten dency which is growing more appaient all the while, is towaids the accumula tion of capital and its cm relativ e power in the hands of a few Year by year the ranks of those who are wholly dependent upon the woik of their hands grow larget and largei, jear by year the competition for employ ment grows inoi e sev ere, year by year labor is bought and paid for at a lower price This is the case not here and there only, but everywhere. Even in Victoria, we are not free from the suspicion that the ct uel and barbarous system of “ sweat ing ” has been mtioduced, and that it threatens to tluive. Evetywhere thexe is a section of population which is ap paiently fast approaching a cruel altei native between stai ration and vice or crime. The problem of which these are some of the sad conditions is, per haps, at present insoluble All that seems possible is to attack the evil conditions in detail, to declare, at all risks, that honest, labor shall not be overdriven or underpaid, and that whoso is willing to work shall have work found for him. It may be that resolutions of this soft will lead up to n clue to the whole position, but in the meantime it is our manifest duty to do what we can, and let the industrial revolution, which > we fain hope is near at hand, come in its own good time In Victoria we have long been doing our best to settle satisfactory and equitable relations between employers and employed. It is more than likely that the germ of the righteous discon tent in the tanks of European labor may be found in our eight hour sj stem While on the one hand our vaiious handicrafts have a powerful organisa tions of their own, the employeis on the other hand are falling into line, and combining, not for mere greed, and still less for the purpose of op pression, but m the interest of peace ful progress. And these two great camps of labor on the one side and capital on the other, no longer wear towards each other a hostile front hut are lather worthy and friendly allies in the work of fulfilling a glorious national destiny. The average reader prefers a tele graphic summary of Parharnentaiy proceedings to the more extended reports in which a long speech may occupy several columns of small type. And tins is particulaily the case with country readers, who as a mle have ueitliei time nor inclination to wade through a page of reading to find out what has been done m the House the night before. It will be admitted that the newspapers issued from country centres, as for example Ballarat, Sandhurst, Geelong, and others have very fairly met the requirement for abridged and con densed Parliamentary reports. It is not so generally undei stood that up to the present they have been doing this at a serious disadvantage in the matter of cost Tiie rule in the Telegiaph Department his luthei to been that any messages lodged aftei 730 pm have been charged highly increased rates This regulation constituted a v ery material, although no doubt un intentional, injustice to piovmcial newspapei proprietors, and natuially interfered, to a greater or lessei ex tent, with the fulness and accuracy of the usual Parliamentary summary. It is but seldom that much progress can be reported before the Paihament ary dinner hour, and in fact it may be taken as true that the imposition of double rates after half-past 7 o’clock at night, really means the imposition of double rates upon all the Parlia mentary intelligence despatched to the country papers The matter concerns others beside the propiietors of country journals Hon. members aie usually desiious of having their sayings and doings promptly conveyed to the elec tors of the colony, and those electors for their own part have a clear light to expect that every reasonable facility shall be given for the transmission of Parliamentary news. It has even been pioposed that a daily Hansard should be printed at the public expense and forwaided free to every elector m the colony. Surely it would be a much more reasonable thing to lednce the fees on pi ess Parliamentary telegrams to a nominal sum. Such a concession is not at present asked foi, but the inequity of the high rates anange ment has been brought undei the notice of the Postmaster-General, and and it is understood that with his usual clearsightedness he recognises the reasonableness of the complaint, and is making arrangements to sweep away the extra chirgo and impose only the present ordinary one up to midnight. We congratulate the pio pnetors of prov incial journals upou the piospectne removal of a substantial grievance The foundation stone of additional buildings for the accommodation of the Sindhurst School of Mines was laid on Wednesdiy with suitable cere monial. We congratulate the sister city on the fact that the growth of her school imperatively requires larger and more suitable buildings, and further, that these are about to be supplied The able and sprightly writer of “ Notes and Comments” in the Argus has been inspecting our local institution, and his opinions about it were published in yesterday's Star. His verdict is in perfect accord with that of a whole an ay of distin guished and intelligent visitors The school as an educational institution is worthy of all praise Of its annual cost the remark is made, “it is ex ceedingly doubtful if any other subsidy granted for educational pm poses yields such practical and noble returns ” But the buildings are “a mixed up and ramshackle lot, a series of additions of no style or design whatever.” We know to our constant regret that this criticism is fair and true. No doubt our worthy registrar makes the best pos sible use of the uncouth aggregation of tenements, and it is but fair to recognise his care and capacity in this respect, but the fact remains that the present buildings aro’uriworthy of the purpose they serve, unworthy of the city, and unworthy of the colony. It is need less for us to recapitulate the claims of the Ballarat School of Mines. <Tt is to all intents and purposes a national institution, prosecuting a nohle national work As the Argus writer places the ■value of the technical tesults of the school w ork at the very top of the list, so w e may fairly urge that the claims of the school to be accommodated in a suitable building are absolutely beyond question We cannot believe that there is any disposition on the part of the Gavernment to render less than justice to one of the most useful tech nical schools in the Southern Hemis phere, and our members should bestu themselves to see its fair requirements attended to The fame of the school is worldwide, and its practical value is every year better appreciated and undetstood. We believe that both the Government and the House would view with liberal favor a proposition to build a worthy edifice for our School of Mines But the matter must be fiirly and fully placed befoie them Mr Bailes, M.L A. for Sandhurst, has con vened a meeting of members of Parliament representing mining constituencies, to be held in the Parliamentary Library on Vf ed neaday ne\t, sth June. There is a feeling antougst some of the mining representatives that Mr Bmles is the wrong person to en deavor to form a mining party , and there is a danger that this, with other reasons, may Cause the collapse of the party We also hear that a few of the mining -repiesenta tives who belong to the Ministerial follow mg regard the movement as puielyanOp position one. It is therefore feared that the mining interest will once more suffer be cau-e of political expediency and personal ambition. In connection with the movement to re «uscitate the YM C A in Ballarat, we understand that the secretaries of similar associations in Melbourne and Hobart (Messis Southwell and Vergoe) will visit Ballarat next week. It is their intention to address a meeting of persons favorable to the reorganisation of the Y.M.C A. in Bal larat on Thursday evening next In the meantime efforts are being made to enlist the sympathy of Christians of all denomi nations in the movement, and a targe audi ence is hoped for The retiring President of the Meclvanics’ Institute (Mr W. M Acheson) was the sub ject of a warm eulogy by Mr J. M. Bickett la«t night, at the annual meeting of sub senbers to the institute. Mr Acheson suit ably responded, and in doing so expressed regret that Mr C. B Finlayson, whose assist ance had in the past been of so much value to the committee, had declined re election His advice and suggestions were at all times cheerfully given, and were always in the best interests of the institute. In connection with the two individuals who are suspected of victimising Ballarat’ tradesmen last Saturday, the Htrald h is the following —“ An astonishing state of affairs has been brought to light in connection with the charges of forgery and uttering against the woman Helen M’Pherson and her friend James Street, alias Stephens. The man and woman were arrested by Detective sergeant Cawsey and Detective Wilcox on Monday on several charges of forgery. There are about IS or 20 charges, so the detectives state, against them altogether. They weie brought up at the City Court on Monday and remanded, the woman M‘Phersou to appear at Hawthorn on Tuesday, and the man Street at the City Court to day. The latter was bailed out, and w lieu his name was called at the City Court to day he did not appear. Cawsey and Wilcox, suspecting something wrong somewhere, at once went to the Melbourne G vol to see after the woman. To their astonishment they found that M’Pherson was bided out yesterday, the bailee being none other than the accused man Street, lliegaol authorities could give veiy little informat on about the matter. All they' knew was that Street brought a in igis trate to the gaol, and the woman M’Pherson was then bailed out on the recognisance of Street The name of the mngistiate was not even known Cawsey and Wilcox then went to where Street and M’riierson had been staying before their arrest. The birds, however, had flown, and left no trace behind. The detectives, of course, searched for their prisoners, but could not find them, aud there is no doubt about their having absconded. The manner in which the woman M’Pherson was allowed out on bail in the bond of Street, who was under remand for the same offence as herself, requires the strictest investigation It up pears clear that culpable neglect was shown by someone—whether by the gaol author! ties or the magistrate a proper departmental enquiry can only determine.” At the annual meeting of subscribers to the Mechanics’ Institute last night, Mr C B Finlayson suggested that on such an oc casion something more was wanted than a formal meeting of a few members of such an important institution He thought the retiring president should take upou himself the duty'of delivering an address upon the work of the institution. They should try and get the lady members there also. In referring to this remark subsequently, Mr F C Downes, the president elect, said he had no doubt there were many wavs of miking v social gathering such as Mr Fiulayson sug gested must attractive, and the committee would consider the suggestion The fortnightly meeting of the Town Council will be held this evening Miss Bertha Stoddart, daughter of the propnetress of the Cumberland and Durham hotel, Bridge street, died yesterday from brain fever. The deceased, who had only been ailing for a short time, was a great favorite with all her aoqnamtances, and much ay mpathy is felt for the bereav ed rela tives. Mr bun Cohen, of the Grand hotel and dining rooms, Lydiard street, having ielm qmshed business preparatory to retiring into private, Ins numerous staff of employes met a few days ago and arranged for making a presentation to Mr Cohen. Silver plate in the shape of a beautiful tea and coffee ser vice and an artistically traced butter cooler were decided on as a present that would in a slight degree testify to the high esteem in which Mr Cohen was held by those in his em ploy Mr Michaels, late manager at theGraud hotel and dining rooms, made the presents tion on behalf of the subscribers, and in doing so he referred in very high* terms to the many good qudities possessed by the recipient Mention was also made of the kindness at all times displayed by Mr Cohen towards his employes, and to the willingness shown by bun to forward the individual in terests of the hands in his extensive estab bailment The remarks of Mr Michaels were supported by several other speakers, and finally “The Health of Mr and Mrs Cohen” was honored by the company Mr Cohen suitably replied, thanking the cm ployeo for their practical expression of good feeling The mortal remains of Mrs Ivey, relict of the late Mr T. B. Ivey, formerly of Mount Rowan, were yesterday interred in the family vault at the Old Cemetery. Mrs Ivey, who was 69 years of age when she died, resided with her husband at Mount Rowan until his death, about 20 years ago Shortly afterwards she removed into Balia rat, where she lived until Tuesday last The deceased lady, who was as greatly respected as she was widely known, was the mother of the wife of the Rev. J. H. Ingham, Wes leyan minister, Maryborough. The funeral yesterday was largely attended. The Rvvs. R C Fbckartand J. H. TnckflUd officiated at the glare, Mr Patrick White, of Bungarce Junction, yesterday dug on his farm a fine red potato, weighing 3Jlb (sound), and the potatoes from the one stalk turned the scale at 91b The statue of Wallace at the gardens with its expression of complacent boldness seems to inspire very different feelings in different people. The martial spirited find in it a warrior ever leady for the fray, and perhaps not much more than that. The patriotic see in the noble profile of Ihe ancient chieftian the lineaments of one who dared and died for his country; and this is really ihe great lesson his life ha* to teach A devout old lady, gazing at the living marble yesterday, saw in its outlines the palpable inscriptions of a good Catholic She gazed at it with a rev erence that was slightly miti gated by an undeniable tendency to volu b lity, und after relieving her surcharged feelings with some fitting apostrophes, she coucluded with the following benediction, which at least will do no discredit to her heart:—“He was a good Catholic and Ins wife was a good Catholic; may the Lord have mercy on his soul ” The articulated unction ot the good lady wreathed the faces of the by standers in good natured smiles in which the well disposed could read an as seuting omen. A few days since a silver hunting watch, with five or six £1 notes and two crossed cheques for £3 each, were stolen from a man named Michael Ryan at Ballarat The police have been making enquiries, but so far without success At the Town Folice Court yesterday, be fore Messrs Thomson, P M , Williams, and Phillips, J’s P , Thomas Small, of the Sham rock hotel, Dunnstown, was charged with a breach of the Licensing Act by having his bir door unlocked during prohibited hours The evidence was to the effect that on last Sunday week Inspector Parkinson, Con stables Rogerson ami Hannan proceeded to Bungaree, and on culling at Mr Small’s hotel found a number of men playing cards in the place, and in other respects the Licensing Act was being infringed Mr Gaunt, who appeared for the prosecution, mentioned that defendant had been twice previously fined for breaches of the Act Small pleaded cuilty, and was fined £l5, with £2 14s 6d costs. The committee of the Sandhurst Mechanics’ art union haie now fixed the 31st July next as the date upon which the drawing will positively take place. The secretary, Mr J W Curuow, informs us that the tickets are now moving off rapidly, and that at the present rate of progress the whole of them will he disposed of considerably before the date mentioned A y onng man named Charles O’Reilly was arrested y eaterday by Senior constable Stod dart and Constable Paterson on the charge of stealing a decanter of brandy from the bar of Hager’s Criterion hotel, Dovetou street. When arrested the prisoner had in his possession a quantity of wearing apparel which is supposed to have been stolen, O’Reilly is a recent aruval from Geelong Ihe Yen Archdeacon Julius, M A., has consented to deliver his lecture, “ West minster Abbey,” with lime light illustra tions, before the Christ Church Uuion on Tuesday night. The special train conveying players and supporters of the Ballarat Football Club to Geelong on Saturday, to witness the match against the Geelong club, will leave the Western station at 1.15 p.m. to-morrow. A very large number of supporters are likely to avail themselves of the opportunity. A young man named John Davies, in the employ of a dairymvn at Alfredtou, met with a very painful accident yesterday morn ing. He went out into a paddock to catch a horse when the animal kicked him on the mouth, knocking out four teeth, breaking two others, cutting his lip open, mid other wise injuring his face He was promptly taken to the hospital, where his injuries were attended to. The cup (given by Messrs Bennett Bros.) won by the Wivverley Cricket Club will be formally handed over to Mr J. Graham, president of the club, at a social to be held at Graham’s hall to night The president will on the same Decision present each of the members of the winning team with a silver medal, commemorativ e of the occasion. The attention of the music loving public of Ballarat is directed to the fact that the beautiful cantata by G. T. Root, entitled “David the Shepherd Boy,” will be rendered this evening at the Dawson street Baptist Cnurch by a well trained choir of about 90 voices under the baton of Mr A B Cray. It will be remembered that this cantata was rendered at the above church some months since, and the performance was then an un qualified success, giving great satisfaction to those who had the good fortune to be pre sent The cast will in the mam be the same on this occasion as on that of the last per formance, and the choir hag been carefully trained by tho conductor, and with such names amongst the soloists as Misses Jenkm son and A Thomas, and Messrs Slack, Bairett and A Clarke. As this perform ance is in aid of the building fund of the Sunday school connected with the above church, and as the price of admission is only one shilling, it would, of course, be gratify mg to the promoters to sec the church well hlled Yesterday, at the Bungaree Police Court, before Me Thomson, P M , a number of persons were prosecuted for breaches of the Licensing Act Proceedings were instituted by Mr Inspector Paikmaon, who on Sunday, 19tli innt , in company with Constables Rogarson and Hvnuan, proceeded to Bun garce and witnessed the offences. Ihe fines imposed were as follow.—Austin Lee, Leigh Creek hotel, £5, Denis Connelly, Australian hotel, £5, Michvel Delahunty', Forest hotel, £5, Mary Mnugovan, Warrenheip hotel, £2, Elizabeth Keating, sly grog selling, £25, with costs £5, in default two months’ im prisonment Mr H. Yorke Rattray, n» spector of liquor, prosecuted in the case of Bridget Keating The ofimice was com mitted at a race meeting held at Bungaree on the 10th May last An act of kindness which is worthy of mention (writes a cm respondent) was per formed by the farmers of Burrumbeet and Windermere on Thursday, the 23rd inst , when fully 20 teams were provided toplongh the paddock of Mrs M’Donald, a resident of Burrumbeet, who a short time ago met with a sad bereavement in the death of her husband On Tnesd vy last willing hands woreagimat work sowing and harrowing the fit Id, and everything was finished up in a very satisfactory manner. Mrs M’Donald desires to express her gratitu le to those who showed their sympathy for her in such a pr vctical form, and especially to Or D ibson and Mr Davidson, who were the means of getting the work done. Mr Deasy, one of the Irish envoys (says an exebang’) vddressed a crowded meeting at Echuca on Tuesday evening. The sum of £2OO was collected toward the Parnell Defence Fund At Rochester on Monday night, £135 vvas subscribed after an address by the same gentleman. George Gleeson, 27 years of age, who for some tune past had been working as a navvy on the Kyneton to Redesdale railway works, left Ins tent for the purpose of going to work as usual, but he went on a drinking bout, and returned to Ins tent m the even mg in an intoxicated condition, having in ins possession a small bottle containing about half a pint ot brandy. He was found dead in Ins bunk, next morning, lying face down wards It is supposed that be consumed the contents of tho bottle, vnd was suffocated during the night The fruit sent from Australia for display at the Pans Exhibition has been awarded first prize. The Government (says the Argiu ) hare arranged that Mr Peacock will move, and Mr Foster will second the motion m the L gislative Assembly for the address to reply to Mie Governor’s speech opening Par liament for the transaction of public busi ness. The Svlvation Army is stated to have property to Australia valued at £96,000. At the Cincinnati Exhibition a novelty in electric illumination was a series of mean descent lamps, frozen into blocks of ice. The ice was colored by aniline dyes, and when the lamps were lighted, the effect is said to have been very pretty At the same exhi bttion were shown artificial Sowers con structed of incandescent lamps A young lady, who was to have been mar ried next day, has committed suicide at Greenock in a must determined manner. The captain, second officer, and purser of the RMS Iheua have been requested to resign It was from, this vessel that the sum of £5OOO disappeared while on her last voyagi to England. St George Grey has delivered an address in favor of Home Rule at Auckland. An electrically moved omnibus (not a tram) is now startling Bonders in the city. It seats 12 passeugeis, and stoves about like a ghost, the driver controlling the movements fiom a smad. platform in front The Seven tor calculates that his electric omnibus will be 30 per sent, cheaper than if it had been worked by homes The alleged perpetrator of tho outrage on Mrs Waditui, at Neenni, on the 23rd mat., h vs In v.s arrested at the Tangil, by Constable Stephen, of Moo The man was fully identi fied at the ono who committed the outrage by both Mrs Waohter and her husband. The police Uvvq been most asstdious in their efforts to capture the offender. On Satur day morning the blacktiaokers arrived, and on b< log taken to the scene of the outrage, tracked tho offender for about a mile and a half on to the old Sale road, wHieh leads in the direction that the prisoner must have subsequently taken Groat credit (says an exchange) is due to Constable Stephen, who arrested the offender, who was making good his escape out of the district, and credit is also''duo to the polidb at Warragul for the very acouiate description given of the offender, which led to his timely arrest. A little consternation (says the New Zea land Herald of 20th instant) was caused amongst the congregation of St John the Baptist’s Catholic Church, at the 10 o’clock mass yesterday. One of the altar boys, when lighting the candles on the side altar, accidentally set fire to the drapery of the altar, and being of light muslin texture it blazed up rapidly A number of men lushed up, and after removing the statue of the Vigm and Child safely, proceeded to pull down the hangings and beat out the fire w ith their coats and such other things as they could most readily lay hands on. and the only damage done was the bicaking of a couple of v ases The debris was soon cleared away, and the service proceeded During the afternoon the alter was refitted, but un fortunately, when the Rev. Pather Gillau was icpl icing thestitue he slipped, and it was broken to pieces Another was pro cured from the Convent, and in the evening no person could observe any trace of the accident which occurred in the morning. The supposed petrified man, said to have been found in a marble quarry near Orange, and which is now being exhibited at Sydney, turns out to be a hollow sham. The Govern meut geologist, in a report to the Ministet of Mines, states —“ It is quite unnecessary to describe the specimen, as it is unquestion ably an artificial pioduction It cousists of a white vein of marble rudely carved ui the form of a human body, and smeared over with clayey whitewash, the surface being highly polished in paits, as though washed with some solution The marble bears a much stronger resemblance to that found at Bathurst than that of the Orange forma tion ” Three boys, aged 15, 14, and 8 years re spectively, have been arrested by Sergeant Brown, of Echuca They were found by some railway fetkrs in Alexandra park kill ing sheep One sheep was skinned, a second had its throat cut, another was tied to a sapling, and a fourth was thrown down a hole The sheep belonged to Mr Martin, of Abbotsford, and w ere a portion of a flock depastured in the park. The annual import of wheat into Great Britain is —From the United States, 1.946.000 tons; fiom India, 580,000 ton«; from Russia, 394,000 tons; from Canada vud Germany, 125,000 tons; from the Australian colonies, 134,000 ton c ; from otlnr countries, 493.000 tons; total, 3,700,000 tons The advance in prices obtained at the Antwerp wool sale was maintained to the close. During the sale 887 bales of Australian wool were offered, of which 799 bales were sold. The price obtained for Australian vv 00l shows an advance of one halfpenny on the prices obtained at the last London sales The increase in divorces in the United States during the last 20 years has been 79 percent Of the 328,716 divorces granted in the States 216,739 were at the instance of wives and 111,983 of husbands. A bar of iron worth 20i worked into horse shoes is worth £2, made into needles is worth £7O, made into penknife blades is worth £657, made into balance springs of watches it is worth £50,000 There had been some mfi action of the law out towards the Darling, and poor old B (only the other day he drowned himself at Menindie, his book having come out wrong] was marched down by a trooper to Demli qniii fur trial At a township cn the road a cricket match was being orgmised, and,the trooper, who was an enthusiastic cricketer, was asked to play He readily consented, but what to do with the prisoner Happy thought; make him umpue It was done, he gave universal satisfaction, and at the en suing banquet drew thunders of appluise by the eloquent speech, in which he pointed out that cricket hardened the muscles and ennobled the minds of men, cultivated the intellect, and g ive a moral tone to a com niunity, and kept youth out of that mischief which led to crime, obloquy, disgrace, and prison Poor old B 1 (siys “Aulus”) let us hope that the recoiding angel has been kinder to him than man. There are eccentricities in the management of the railways that no one can miderstind, and here is an example A gentleman wis at Lillydale 1 ist week, and wanted to make two journeys—first from Lillydale to Heales ville and back, and then by the same train from Lillydale to Melbourne and bick He accoidmgly asked for two return tickets— the first from Lillydale to Healesville, the secoi and from Lillydale to Melbourne —endea vorlngto secure the second so as to save His getting out of the carnage when returning To a non official mind the transaction seemed simple an honest enough, but the official mind could not grasp it “ You can get a return to Healesville,” remarked the official, “but when you come bick here you cannot get to town by the same train. You must wait four hours for the next ” “ But why’” urged the traveller “I am willing to pay the full fare for each return ticket I am half way between Healesville and Mel bourne. I want to go down and up, and then up and down There is nothing cither unreasonable or dishonest in that when I offer to pay the full fare for e ich ticket Why compel me to pice your pretty plat form for four hours before I can resume my journey’” “ Simply because it is the regu lations,” was the only reply he could get, and the criminal traveller was forced to take a single ticket down to Healesville, and then a return ticket from Healesville to Mel bourne, thereby paying fare in excess of his needs from Lillydile to Healesville, the portion of the return journey he did not rc quire to make This story would be absurd but for its truth If the officials deny it, I am in a position (says “ Atticus”) to furnish the Commissioncis with the particulars that will allow it to be verified 