CURRENT TOPICS. WE are informed by Lieutenant-Colonel Warner that Mr. J. W. Semmelhaack, of this city, has presented a challenge cup, value .10, for competition amongst mem hers of the Tasmanian Rifle Association, country rifle clubs, or any club affiliated with.the Tasmanian Rifle Association. It is to be shot monthly on the Launceston Range, and to become the property of the competitor winning it three times at ranges of 800, 500, and (00 yards, seven rounds each range, and one sighter; posi tion, any military. The winner of each competition to be handicapped five points for every win; entrance, 2s Gd for each competition, to be divided amongst first, second, and third highest scorers. Each competitor must provide his own ammuni tion. The first competition will take place on Saturday, the 19th instant, at 1 o'elock p.m. AT the Launceston Police Court yester day, Mr. E. Whitfeld, J.P., presided. Thomas Brown was fined 5s, with the usual alternative, for having been drunk and incapable on the 7th inst. Michael Kirby, for a aimlear' offence, was ad. popisih'dd and 4iadbargeJ. LAwzEnae, it would appear, like most other folks, are ever ready to take all they can get and give as little as they can help. In an action -brought yesterday at the Court of Requests the defendant bad along seot off amounting to £51 17e 10d. This was clearly beyond the jurisdiction of a £50 court, and the sum was reduced by £1 17s 10d so that the case might proceed. During the hearing of the plaintiff's case it became evident that one original con tract had been divided into two actions. These conjointly amounted to £59 9s Sd, and counsel for plaintiff applied toabandon the excess £9 9s Sd so as to include it in the jurisdiction of the court; ,This to the counsel for the defendant- who had' re ceived a similar favour earlier in the hear ing-was " a horse of another colour," and lie strenuously objected t) his learned brother having the same privilege of the court which he had just enjoyed. There is a reading of the Small Debts Act which states it shall be unlawful for a suitor t bring two or more suits for the same con tract, and clearly, he said, the court could not permit anything unlawful either by mistake or design. The Commissioner, in allowing the plaint to be amended. said the court was framed to try issues in dis pute and he was not inclined to interpret its provisions too strictly. He should not strike out causes on more technical for malities on the ground of the ruling of the Chief Justice that evidence should mould pleadings, and not pleadings mould evidence. Tui following memos. were posted at the local Telegraph-office yesterday:-" Chud leigh line interrupted beyond Deloraine since 6030 p.m. this day; tree acro's it. Berne notifles-'Punta Rosea and Keys West cables interrupted; delay in transmission, about 12 hours to Cuba and beyond.' Fusan notifies-- Secouland Kongabu cable interrupted.' Aden notifies -' Messages for Mauritius should reach Aden by noon on 11th inst.'" THics meetings for prayer and praise con vened under the auspices of the Evangelical Alliance were well attended yesterday. The midday one was held at the Class-room, Mechanics' Institute, and the evening meeting at St. Andrew's Church. At the latter the Rev. J. Lyle, pastor of the church, presided, and was supported by the Revs. W. Law, W. Presley, and Pastor White, and several ministers of the various churches were in the congregation. The service consisted of selections from Sankey's " Songs and Solos," and prayers offered by ministers and laymen. The topic, for the evening was "The Holy Spirit in the Church." The Rev. lMr. Lyle read Acts 2nd chapter, and gave a brief address on thoe subject named. Hoe said the Holy Ghost was in the Church prior to Pentecost, for He was the author of life, but not in His fulness until then, the fruit of the atoning work of Christ. The Holy Spirit then bestowed in fulness had never been withdrawn, but was accessible to the Church at all times and places. If Christians were supremely under the in fluence of the Holy Spirit the beautiful fruits and graces of Christian character would be manifest. The usual prayer meeting will be held at the Mechanics' 'Institute to-day from 12 noon to 1 p.m., and the evening meeting will be held at the Primitive Methodist Church, Frederick street, the topic for exhortation being "Families and Schools." MnR. HENRY DYER, of England, con tinued his addresses to Christians at the Oddfellows' Hall last night. There was a numerous congregation who listened with earnest interest to the speaker's discourse of over an hour. Mr. Dyer chose for his topic Hebrews 10th chapter, 19th to 27th verses, especially dwelling on the exhorta tion of the 22nd verse. He then enlarged on the difference of the two religions typiealry illustrated by the sacrifices of Cain and Abel--the one of blood, the other bloodless; the one accepted, the other refused. The address was closed with an exposition of what was involved in the expression, " Let us draw near with a true heart," etc. Mr. Dyer will give an address at the same place this evening. Ties new term at the Ladies' College, Elphin-road, begins on the 30th inst. We are informed that Miss B. Ferguson, the daughter of Mr. J. C. Ferguson, of this city, and Miss M. Hart, daughter of Mr. Frederick Hart, of Campbell Town, have successfully passed the Melbourne Uni versity matriculation examination recently held, the latter young lady taking honours in French. Both were. students at the Ladies' College. TnE Payne family announce by adver tisement that they have fixed their opening night in Launceston for Monday evening next in the Mechanics' Institute. Writing of their entertainments the Orange press says: -"Such part singing has not been heard in Orange Pince the Fisk Jubilee Singers showed us the wonderful possi bilities of concerted vocal music. The versatility, beauty, and youthfulness of the fair musicians excited much comment, Each of the' three young ladies appeared with success as a violinist, singer, and pianist. The violin solos and duets were a pleasant feature, and the young ladies looked charming as they 'bent their classical faces over their violins, and played with such mellow tone and correct 5 stopping. The Payne family deserve r very encouragement. It is distinctively Aus tralian, and the selections are all of them as pure and unobjectionable as they are artistic and pleasing." OPPORTUNITY is afforded to-day for a pleasant cheap excursion to the seaside. A picnic train leaves Launceston for Formby at 9'15 a.mT, returning. from Formby at ?'50 pp.m. Compartulents t ill be reserved for eight first-class or ten second-class passengers, and picnic parties can have compartments reserved at any station. Tickets are only available for the day of issue. An excursion train at the Usual cheap fares will run on Sunday to Formby, leaving Launceston at 8.30 a.m., and returning from Formby at 6 p.m. Tni January number of the Catholic 8tandard is to hand, and contains as usual a large and well assorted amount of reading matter. The leading columns are devoted to an ably written article headed "Education without religiqp," In whiph the system of traning the intellect and not the hearts of children, which is so prevalent in many educational institutions throughout the world, is deplored. A sub leader commenting upon the fiftieth anni versary of the date upon which the Sisters of Charity first landed in New Boutlh Wales forms an interesting subjeet, especially when it is known that the Superioress of the St. Joseph's Convent in Hobart (Rev. Mother 'illiams) is still living, and, though 80 years ofage, is still enabled to prosecute her duties with seal. The other portions of the journal are filled up with matter of a readable nature. "Ton Own" writes from Hathinna: The holidays pasedoffhere very pleasantly. On Christmas Day a cricket match was indulged in. Boxing Day was the first day of the Mathinna sports. All the events were well contested, there being large fields acd ioaflyf good rupning. The principal event woas the Sheffield Handicap, first prise, £8 and silver cup, value £S, which was won, amid eheors, by B. Smith, of Mangana I W. Smith, scond I J. Turner, third. All the other events were well con tested. The second day was equally a success. A word of praise is due to the committee for the efioient manner in lwhich they conducted affairs, but there were a few * ssttakes mide by the handi cappers, which showed want knowledge. A grand ball and supper was held in the evening i the room was tastefully decorated and was literally crowded with participants of the fantastic art, dancing being kept up with good cheer till after daybreak. The supper was presided over by Mr. Guy, and reflected much credit on him. On New Year's Day the usual children's treat was kept up with good hearty cheer through out the day ; and allow me to congratulate the ladies who so kindly assisted to make the affair such a decided success. A mraN named Michael Kirby obtained an order for admission into the Hospital from Mr. E. Whitfeld at the Police Court yesterday morning. It appears that Kirby had been indulging too freely upon the previous day, and whilst in a stato of isi capability fell and sustained a rather severe injury to his nose, besides getting bruised upon various parts of his body. He was oharged at the Police Court with having been drunk and incapable, but the presiding justice, thinking he had been punished suiciently, admonished and din. charged him.. I Tan resumption of Parliament yester day, we learn by telegram, was a very tame affair. In the Legislative Council very little was done, and very little interest centered inthatChamber. Inthe Assembly Chamber there was a fair attendance of the public, and the Treasurer's Budget was accorded on the whole a favourable recep. tion, but there was not much enthhsiaam either in support or in opposition. Mr. Bird's references to the withdrawal of the personalty tax raised ironical cheers on the part of some, and the allusions to an ncome tax evoked exclamations of diversified per. tent, which were not easy to interpret. Mr. Pillinger and Dr. M'Call were sworn in as now members for Oatlands and West Devon respectively, the former taking office as Minister cf Lands, and the latter, after going through the customary form, took his seat on the cross benches. A meeting of members of the Opposition was held last evening, but very little was accomplished. The subject of leadership was not included in the deliberations, and Mr. N. J. Brown accordingly remains .at the head of the Opposition. The meeting, however, de cided that the motion of Ministers to go into Committee of Ways and Means on their taxation proposals should be opposed by a distinct resolution. Lase night the St. Joseph's Band, under the conductorship of Mr. G. Harrison, gave one of their enjoyable concerts in the Invalid Depot Grounds, when a fair attend ance was present. The programme was an excellent one, and contained among others several now pieces which have lately been added to the repertoire of the band, as "Pepita" valse, "I Lombardi," and grand selections from "II Trovatore." From an advertiatnent elsewhere it will be seen that the band do not intend to appear at the Academy of Music this evening. Dunsue the last few years the town has been considerably extended, especially in the direction of Inveresk, and the residents of that locality are now alive to the fact that some special provision should be made whereby an alarm could be speedily given in the event of a fire breaking out. With this in view representations have been made to the Fire Brigade Board through the chairman that it would be advisable to erect a firebell tower at Inveresk. The suggestion is a feasible one, as at present in the event of a fire breaking out in that locality it would be some time before the alarm could be given from the Brisbane-street tower, and in fact before the bell could be rung valuable property might be jeopardised. The cost of a tower would be small, butas the advantage to be gained is at once apparent it is to be hoped that the Fire Brigade Board, in conjunction with the City Council, will take steps for the erection of such a structure. Thebell, too, should be a powerful one, so that it could be heard all over the town. BY the as.s. Pateena, which arrived from Melbourne yesterday, the Tasmansan team of cricketers, who played in Mel bourne last week against Victoria, returned to the colony. Although they do noet bring the laurels with them, they have the satis faction of knowing that they did well under the circumstances. With the un favourable weather it could not be expected that they would make a good stand in the first innings, but at the second attempt they gave undoubted proof of their ability, C. W. Rock especially proving that he is a batsman of the first rank. His innings was a brilliant performance, and he fully deserved the bat which was offered for the highest aggregate score in the match. W. H. Savigny also showed splendid form, the performance of these players, in fact, being the redeeming features of the match so far as Tasmania is concerned. DESPITE the strong counter attraction, there was again a good house at the Academy of Music last evening to witness the second production of the drama, " Mr. Barnes of New York," by the St. Maur Company.The piece went a great deal more smoothly than on the previous evening, and the representation to all appearances was thoroughly enjoyed by all present. Special attention has been paid to the scenery and mounting, and the sets illustra tive of the sea beach at Ajaccio and the gardens;at Monte Carlo are both pictures worthy of any stage. The mechanical change in the last act from the exterior to the interior of a Corsican abode was cleverly contrived, and worked very effec tively. "Mr. Barnes of New York" will be played for the last occasion this evening, and Miss May Holt's drama " Men and Women" is announced for production at an early date. A caxE and apron fair will be held in Mr. Petrie's Hall, George Town, on the 12th inst. The proceeds will be devoted to the parsonage repair fund, and dona tions are earnestly solicited. YsnTExRDn afternoon the usual monthly meeting of the Launceston Fire Brigade Board was held at the office of the secre tary, Mr. F. Littler. There were present -Messrs. H." Weedon (chairman), H. Edgell, S. J. Sutton, and B. P. Farrelly. A letter to the Colonial Auditor was read, asking if Mr. W. H. Glover was entitled to a fee for an inquest held in Launceseton, which was out of his district. The auditor replied that the regulations of the Governor-in-Council would not permit of the passing of any claim such as that re ferred to. A letter from Mr. Glover was also read asking for his fee of .1; ahd stating that he was entitled to the fee.' It was decided to forward to Mr. Glover the correspondence between the Colopial Auditor and the boatd, he 'chairman intimated that the annual fire brigades de hionitration would be hold at Ballarat in March, and the Superintendent had made an application for eight men and emergen cies to be permitted to take part, After discussion, in which the opinion was expressed that as the town was increasing in size the strength of the brigade seould be increased, the application for eight men was granted on condition that provision be made to carry on the work efficiently in their absence. The chairman and Mr. Edgell were instructed to prepare the annual report of the work of the board. Accounts amounting to .?2 l6s id .e passed forea paysent. Thi ~ d.e~Lsat' ent's report sho*d' that t'ree fires had ccurred during the month. The hirmar statedt he had been requested by some residents of Inveresk to bring before the board the matterof the erection of a fire-bell towerin that locality. They pointed out that Inveresk was ex tending, and was so far from the Fire-bell Tower that they thought it would be well to have a local tower. It was pointed out that the erection of a tower would cost aboutA:'O 0r £60, while a bell could be proedred for from A8 to Ai1. Mr. Buttoh said if it was necessary to have a bell at the Sandhill it was necessary at Inveresk. The chairman was instructed to enquire as to the cost of a tower, etc. Oe Monday evening the members of the Owl Club took flight from their usual resting place and alighted in the large hall of the Launoeston General Hospital, where they had arranged to give an enter tainment specially for the insates and -taff, The matroni had isqued invitations to many of those who take a lively interest in the welfare of the Hospital, and quite a number availed themselves of the oppor tunity, the spacious hall and staircase being filled. The entertainment gave universal satisfaction, the patients being delighted, and in plate of feeling tired at the conclusion wished for more. The comicalities of Messrs. Wilson and Iac. faplpe as t?ltmbo and bones, and also their specialities, were much appreciated, both being recalled, Mr. W. FlPetcher, a new addition to the Owl ranks, filled the position of interlocutor satisfactorily, and introduced in the afterpart some clever sleight of hand feats. The solos of Mesars, Tevolein, Pett, Harris, and Scott were mush enjoyed, the latter being heard to advantage in Huscey'a "Advance Tas mania," Mr. J. H. Bryan, in addition to acting as accompanist, rendered a piano forte solo in his well-known style. Miss Murray, at the request of the patients, sang in a feeling manner " The song for m.n, At the conclusion of the concert Dr. Thompson, on behalf of the audjen~o5 heartily thanked the Qwln for their kind sess i n coqang forward and giving such an excellent entertainment. Mr. Scott, the manager, briefly responded, and stated it was the intention of the club to give similar noncerta at intervals, The concept concluded with the National Anthers, after which the smembers were treated to light refreshments through the kindness of the o " i.ale, T?m Sydney Town and Co.ntry gives a portrait and biographical sketch of Mr. Ni. A. Nathan of the Launceston High Sohool. The journal referred to says --The subject of our sketch, Mr. Edward Aleyne Nathan, M.A., head master of the High School, Launceston, Tasmania, is the third son of the late Mr. Charles Nathan, F.R.O.S., who was for many years one of the leading medical practitioners in Sydney. Mr.E. A. Nathan graduated in the Sydney Uni versity in 1876, at a very early age, and soon afterwards accepted an appointment in the Launceston Church Grammar School, under the Rev. W. H. Savigny, M.A. He subsequently became senior mathe matical and second classical master in the same institution;, and during the five years he held this position many of his pupils who have since dis tinguished themselves at Oxford and Cam. bridge obtained high honours at' the Taso manian'local examinations. Among them we may mention Messrs. J. S. Clemons, W. H. Savigny, A. Archer, and G. C. Gilmore, all of whom have beencalled to the English Bar, and Mr. C. W. Rock, mathematical scholar of Clare College, Cambridge, and wrangler. Some few yearn ago Mr. Nathan became head master of the Launceston High School, which under his regime has become the largest high-class school in Tasmania. This year his pupils carried off the first and second exhibitions of the Council of Education. The High School has also ror the last two years won the Launceston Inter-Schools Boat Race. A MEETING of members of the recently formed Hairdressers Association was held at Mr. J. Parsonage's establishment last evening, when there was 's good attendanee, Mr. J. Tait occupying the. chair. It was decided to close all the halrdressers'shope on every Thursday afternoon from 1 o'clook, the rule to come into force to morrow. After some formal business had been transacted the meeting closed. Teas business of the January local Court of Requests, in the e00 jurisdiction, was commenced yesterday at the Court House before Mr. Commissioner Waterhouse and juries. Out of nine cases one was struck out; in one a nonsuit was accepted, two were adjourned to next court, and two actions, which involved purely business transactions, wearisomely occupied nearly the whole of the day. Three causes remain for hearing, and the court will resume at 10 a.m. to-day. Two new telegraph stations were opened yesterday, one at Strahan, Macquarie Harbour, and another at Long Bay, West Coast. Tes Government Statistician's report on the vital statistics of the registration dis tricts of Hobart and Launceston for December, 1888, shows 126 births, 61 males and 65 females. This shows a decrease of three births as compared with the corres ponding month lastyear andadecreaseof 14"20 as compared with the average of the births registered in December during the last five-yearly period. To every 1000 of the population of the two districts the pro portions of births registered were as follow :-For Hobart, 200; for Laun. ceston, 8308; all, 2'42, the Hobart estimate being exclusive and the Launceston inclu sive of hospitals, asylums, gaols; etc. The deaths registered in December in Hobart and Launceston numbered 904-54 males and 40 females, 81 deaths, or 82097 per cent. of the whole took place in public institutions. 'The total number of deaths registered in the two districts during December, 1888, is less than that for the corresponding month last year by 17, and shows a decrease of 19 80 as compared with the average number of deaths registered in December during the last five yearly period. To every 1000 of the population of the respective divisions the proportions of deaths registered were as follow :-Hobart, 1153; Launceston, 2"23 ; all, 1'80. The deaths under five years of age numbered 88, or 40'43 per cent., of which 29 were under one year of age; the deaths between five and 70 years of age numbered 38, or 40'43 per cent.; and the deaths 70 years and upwards numbered 18, or 10914 per cent. Of the 04 deaths registered during December, five actually occurred during the month of November, and 89 actually occurred during the month of December. The total deaths registered up to the present time as having actually occurred during November amount to 74 (88 in Hobart and 86 in Launceston), which is two less than the deaths regis tered during that modnth irrespective of date of actual occurrence. Ova Glengarry oorrespondentmwrites: I have not received an account of the breaking up of the State school, but hear that the children and a few of the parents spent a very pleasant half-day, the awards giving every satisfaction.- On December 30 the Rev. H. S. Hendersos conducted the anniversary service in connection with the Sunday-sCiool, and in the afternoon delivered an appropriate address to the children, at the conclusion of which upwards of 50 prizes were distributed. On January 1 the usual feast and sports in connection' with the above school were held in the paddock of Mr. G. Stewart, in which was seen the largest gathering ever assembled at Glengarry. WoRa will bhe resumed at MiuJoseelyna. Thomas's Junior Grammar School, Elphln.road' on the 28th inst. 7 S116ss PsŽtoN resumes music and singing tuition the third week ih January. THes annual oman Catholis demonstration at Deloralne will take place to.da 5 whea the usdal spdrts a'd attrketcone will be celehrated. There will bea t5s party on a large scale, and a band will peo?orm choice music. Tle lsalfyesarly moeeting of the Commercisl Bank of Tasmania will be held at the basking house, Hohart, at noon to-day. A coEPSENOca of northern fruit boards te discuss proposed amendments to the Codlil Moth Aot, will be held at the Town Hall today at 3 p,m. A MEETINe of theObamber of Commerce will be held at the Publis ulldlns,' at 4p.m. today. - lms. JAMES ANDnasON resumes teaching of singing end pianoforte, etc. on Monday next. SarsTHOLsns and members of thq O hrist theursh, Longford, are reue4a1o to mWet te the School-room to-morrow at 4'? m, .The riehest sn oo, sweetest breath, and fairest skin ho Dr. Soule's American Hop "iRoeH ON OCaTABc" eoorrest ofe!nive odors at once. Complete mres so est hroni ues; aleo une uslled as gargle for dlphstberi ore thront foolbrth. 4 Tsaor'urs PLabOY, Invermay.ro ad Is nosw quite en iustitotioo in LLuaseeston, and marks the rsolid advsnce the tow hae made oser the Tamer bridge. There i sow no neceslty to truidge from Inwermay to Brhbane-strtet. Yon may gt your presriptisoens dispensed at Tracee's Pharmmay at any time, day or niht. If you wsnt a doctor yo may. telephaone him from Tsoaey's Pharmao, ae that establlahme.t i conneted by telephone with all the docors. If yo feel onff coloer blt do not want a doctor, you may try a bo oft tonic aperieont pill, an extra strong fresh Geidlits, or ay.of sthe thiosand and one' potent remedies to be obtauined at Treoe's Pharmasoy. If ye want condition powder, shabll blister, embroetion c oolin drink, go to Teacey's Pharmacy, where vun may also obtain pefsamery, toileot r qtlritea, pore drugs, nd chemicals. USeoUL NOvWLTIBs, ETe., roe XecA5.-We are now opening, en es.. Coptlo, a ipleodld sasortment of useful goods, soitable for prc. eents, ete., vilz., uperlor English electroplate, American novelties, hslketware, fanny goods, S.bieg teckle. etc., sre. Isocr HaRu. ano So.N, Cheap Cosh Emporium. ?lelLow?a's OuTcrnor.-Sws, wounds, sloerations, and other diieaen es aecting the' shin ere amendable by this cosliag and healing onguent. It hts called forth the loudest praise from person who wbtae suffered for years from bad )ees, abscesses, and chroais oloern, after every hope of cure has long passed away. None hbt thins wies bare expOelOnced the sooshicg elfoct of this* oltmept me form an Idea os the somfort it bestows, by restranlul inflammation and allaying pamin; Whenever this oistment hao been onceusned, it has established its own worth, and hi. slsin beep eogerly sought for, as the easiest and afest remedy for all sloereas complalnts. In neuralgia, rheumatlsm. 'and gout the same application, properly aued, give. weoderdul relief, How vs GaiC FLPue Anon STBmUorn.-Tahe niter each meal abeut asabl·aoofonl of Saott's Emuiheon of Psre Cod rAver Oil with ypeuphosphltes, Its almost as palatable as milk, ndsully dliested. The rapldity with nffaoring from weaknes and gasltigdIdeeseo Improse and thrive sIpsu tbhi diet it teel marvelloso. .4 a remedy forFeosssmptloa and Thr.e?tAi?etions end Brosohi Lt Is unequalcld lix asyother preparation in the world. Asp elomlst ean supply it at Is and 2e6d. Wholesale by L. P?AsrulBosa AED SeO, S. Jolel'treet, Lraneoestos. , 