THE MERCURY.) HOBART TUESDAY, o'ctf 15, 1389. j EPITOME OF NEW!. .. No decision arrived at yet as to building the new Pavilion In Launceston Park. / ' H.M.S. Anson, 10,600 tons, armoured vessel, has gone ashore at Kiel. London wool sales continue to show firm (business., , s, (iv i -j." i Sir Saul Samuel is to be banquetted on his 70th birthday, no^closelyjapprpaching. I Derwent Rowing Club Plain and Fancy Dress Carnival at the rink to-night. " Special meeting Lefroy Cricket Club, Criterion Hotel to-night. i s Mutual Fire laurance Co. annual meeting Mechanics' Hall, Launceston, to-night. I Bank holiday to-morrow. Government offices close all day. - , >n Orpheus Club Concert on Wednesday evening. Special holiday programme. The Premier, has received Major-General Edwards' report on Tasmanian Defences. 1 'Ino programme for the spring most of the Tasmanian Turf Club is published. ? Launceston City Council have decided to hold a Loan Art Exhibition in February next. I < i -o i London music halls are to be purged, the Bishop of London favours dancing and comic songs, but draws a line at the ballet. i '- Customs returns for the week ending 12, inst Hobart, £2,75112s. 10d.: Launceston] £3,880 17s. 8d. Every prospect of the show which takes place at New Town to-morrow eclipsing all its predecessors. ' 'L I A 'bus for the convenience of judges for the show isto-leavothe Electric Telegraph Office at 8.30 to-morrow morning. a ' Stocks coming forward for to- morrow's show in fine condition and of superior quality, i - U < a J. Members of the Police Force, their wives and families' entertained at tea by the y.M.C.A. yesterday, Another detachment will be entertained this evening. 1 Meeting at Cressy protested against attempt to remove'from'estimates vote for the Penguin Harbour improvements on Saturday a Resolutions passed and forwarded to member for district. of ( Prince' Ferdinand of Bulgaria is in Paris, r Ex-Queen Natalie has been permitted at last to interview her son, King Alexander. | Mr. Mansergh, Sanitary Engineer for Vict., toria, is a passenger by the ss. Zealandia, 11 A barge laden with 500 bales of wool has been sunk in the Murray." One life lost. Thee ss. Rowe' arrived at Albany, from (Colombo, at'12.50a.m. yesterday. viz--' A Russian plot in Sofia has becni.supi pressed. The Turkish Governor of Crete, recently appointed, desires to be recalled. , , 1 Betting even on the coming sculling match, Matterson v. IZubear. . ' a Correspondant of Standard and Daily News driven out of Belgrade. Late news -says it is believed the Czar's visit to Germany has no political significance. A public accountant certifies to the honest disbursement of the Dock Fund subscriptions. ' t i < i Petition, signed by 9,500 persons, presented to the Victorian Governor yesterday, Dray; ing for reprieve of the murderer Landells. j Sir Henry and Lady Lock are passengers by the ' ss. Zealandia, expected to arrive, in Sydney on Thursday or Friday next. a Labour Union strike at Rockhampton be' tween wharf labourers, sailors; and frozen meat exporters. , Electric tramway, Box Hill to Doncaster (Victoria), opened yesterday. Distance, 25 miles. - - t Five of the Khoord tribe who recently committed -'diabolical murder'on.'Armenian Christians have been condemned. Victorian. Kitto Association Council have added four- more open matches to their list, and increased the prize money to £700 r Preliminary < steps taken on Saturday in Sydney to, form a National Association, Journalists, embracing all the Australasian colonies. The Czar has been received with customary State ceremonies at Berlin. From a popular point of view the reception, does not appeal: to be very cordial. S T I ' 555 l THE belief which prevails very widely that all races of men are, capable of "running" a democratic form of government, is receiving some rather, rude shocks at the present time. It remains, however, unshaken, because , it is not, like many other beliefs, based upon facts, drawn either from history or personal experience, but as evolved, like the famous elephant of the German philosopher, from the inner consciousness of those by whom it is held.- - It is a curious fact, but one which happens to be almost constantly before us, that whole races do not cave for voting, have not the least faith in ballot-boxes, and cannot be made to understand that a thousand incompetent and ignorant persons are more capable of properly deciding a difficult question than half a dour who We competent 'and experienced. a . vi. Vs v I J i». Buch options mar show the servility oMh\js/s who sold them, but that they are held, and held Nvery.firmly too, it is useless to deny, in" the face of the facts which are all around us and the , strange developments that are going on in this century of scientific discovery, which was to make all men free and equal, and bring about the dream of BBREHOER, the Holy Alliance of the nations. A cognate theory, propounded by a popular British politician, has also, not borne the test of a experienco.namely.thatifanypeopleare given what are called free institutions they will soon become worthy of them A very striking example of the fallacy of this belief, which was held so firmly by the anti-slavery party in the United States, is to be found in the condition of the negroes whom the great Civil War set free, and who at once acquired all the rights of white citizens We are not prepared to say that even many of the white people use their political privileges or rights in a manner which proves them worthy of them, but, at all events, they do contrive to carry on Government in a manner more or less satisfactory, albeit not without occasional scandals of very considerable magnitude But, as for the negroes if we can trust the statements of competent observers, neither the influence of religion nor what is supposed to be a wonderful educator, the ballot-box, has much effect upon them. Mr. P A. BRUCE has just published in New York a treatise on what is called " the Nigger Question," in which he gives a full account of his observations in the Southern States He gives the negro credit for many excellent, qualities, especially when he is under control of a good master, but Mr ! BaucEconcludes that the negros unable to accept civilisation. He is what he was thousands of years ago, and though he has changed his climate he has not changed his mind, What he is found to be in Hayti, where he has shown a] complete incapacity to govern himself,! that he is in the United States, although he has all the privileges of the whites, and actually is under the supposed great educational influences of what are called free institutions. Mr. BRUCE. says "that" the negroes of the Southern States, since the abolition of slavery, are steadily becoming savages'' pure and simple The young lead wandering lives, being quite incapable of doing steady work to supply their wants, Because they are destitute of the desires which cause the white man to labour to improve his position in life. It is said that in the West Indies a negro can buy a, melon for a penny, of which he eats the inside, puts one half on his head and sits on the other half, and is content for the day. He sees no reason to work for more, and this is precisely the case in the Southern States, and it is found that the mulattoes are gradually being absorbed by the pure negroes. The conclusion reached is, that there is here a great danger to the future of the country. * ¡ In another, and quite opposite] direction we find also a strong dislike of and opposition to what have been called Western ideas. , It will, be re menïbTared, perhaps, that an enthu- siesta Russian-writer some years ago announced with (a great deal of rhetorical display, that it was the mission of Russia to resist the progress of these ideas, on which certain nations prided themselves so much. The statement LifWas received with a great deal of derision as the average rates could not be got to believe that there was a people who did not really want vote, who did not in the reasserts for trial by jury, and who rather preferred a despotism, so long "as sensational underway gratified. National pride is a thing which the British seem to have lost altogether at the present time, that theyflnd^t very hard to understand that there are peoples who will submit to anything, so long as a vanity which is in their very blood is gratified and made- the basis of the Government under which they, live "Yet, this is actually the case with the Russians at the present time. The new policy of Russia, which id nowUoccasiohally referred; to in the English, papers is a reactionary one! The supposed advanced towards-free-j done of late years has only shown! it is said, that the people do not care for it, and that they prefer to look up to the EMPEROR "'and the visible representative of the 'national', glory, and the embodiment, of, all their national aspirations As The Times said real reply, the British ^ people do not comprehend the depth of the attach-; ment to the Throne the affection for country and religion, and the comparative indifference to all else' even to universal suffrage and baüot-bo-tcsl 'Nor are the Russians the only white race in which this indifference! exists- The same state of mind can be found amongst ' others, whose ideas differ most widely from those which are so popular in America, Great Brittain and her colonies Nor is this all. The discovery has been made! though it is only referred to local sionally as yet, that there are people who make use of what are called free institutions purely for their own ends, regardless of the welfare of the country in which they live, and to which they should give their first allegiance. There have been some examples, of this even in the Australasian- colonies, where a particular vote has been given, purely i on national grounds/ and not on the merits of the question before the electors.! But, in parts of the > United States this is an evil which has grown | to considerable proportions, so much so, indeed, as to be recognised as 8in danger which will have to be faced and dealt with at no very distant day. In this case, again, the ballot-box does not educate, it is only a means of giving weight and influence to national prejudices 01 sectional aims In all these cases, and many others which might be cited, it must be admitted that there is no evidence that certain races and certain sections of people can adapt themselves to the conditions which alone render free institutions of value, and it is clear that sooner or later certain questions will arise which may help to make us understand that, after all, we are not much wiser than our sires THE matter which was called attention to by Mr. Councillor J.' L Smith at the Evandale Council meeting last weeklies unfortunately one which is not confined either to the country districts' or to our cities, or' even to the colony itself, as it is prevalent throughout Australia We refer to the species of larrikinism, as it is called, which chiefly displays itself in its disregard for the respect which is due to old age and the female sex by the rising generation " Our Boys' are indeed a great source of trouble in this respect, and are likely to give us still more in the future Councillor Smith's narration is, unfortunately, only too common lliosimplo girl who, sent to employ men away from the township where her home is, has to wend her way to a place of worship by herself, is bound to face a lot of youths, who, it is no exaggeration to say, are like a lot of roaring wolves going about seeking whom they may devour, and ready to turn the innocence or indiscretion of a young maiden to her own disadvantage, if not to her destruction To the girl whom Councillor Smith spoke of, If she came from some quiet part of the country, the mild ex ceremonies Ev Airdale on Sunday evening would prove disquieting, and she might be lost, In her simplicity, to respond to a remark which, although a covert insult, she might mistake for friendliness The result, followed up as Buch entices know how only too well, who can predict T We should like, therefore, to point out to the Evandale Councillors that in the view they took of the case they took only a one side up look at it They mean to look after the boys Can they not look after the girls also ? Is there no responsibility attached to the taking of a young girl away from her home, where she would be watched over and guarded from each harm, that should lead men, who have daughtersthcmsolves.tocherislithoaoof others who have entrusted them to their charge Let the youths be stopped congregating at the street corners by all means, but let the unprotected condition of the young girls be no longer a reproach to our community Surely there would be no disgrace, all other things being equal, in the party to church including the domestic, as it used to be in the early English, days We know some girls would resent the suggestion, and for them we are not now writing, but for others who would welcome the kindly interest, and not presume upon it, we urge it very strongly as the source whence the avoidance of a great danger should come Perhaps, too, in that way although this is, after all, a secondary consideration We might get at. a solution of some of the evils of the servant nature" of the period, as It is called To check the greater evil is. however, the greater point, and this seems the right end to begin at I A VERA pretty quarrel, as it stands, is going on just now between Victoria and New South Wales, relative to the way in which the statistics of trade and manufactures are compiled in the latter colony The Victorian protectionists accuse the Statist of the neighbouring colony of havlngswóllonhis statistics by including industries several times over, and of having treated sundry private bus nesses as real, grown up manufactures As far as we are able to judge, the work in both colonies is done with complete bona sales, though not precisely on the same lines, so that there is room for dispute, but 'New South Wales, certainly, holds its own in spite of what may be said on the other side The dispute, after all, is a very unsatisfactory and unnecessary once, or whether one colony has a few more manufactures than the other does not matter much, the real question being what li the comparative condition of the people in the two colonies Nobody doubts that it is possible to promote special manufactures by putting on high duties, the point is, whether by so doing the general community is not worse off than it was before, because labour is taken from a profitable channel and turned into one that is admitted not to be profitable, except It gets special assistance, ( which can only be given at the expense of of somebody We refer to this dispute as to the compilation of, such statistics, because too much importance is attached to then though they are of course, interesting as show tug a certain degree of progress Tasmania is not supposed to be a manufacturing colony, yet in some respects she holds her OH a very well, and is in woollen manufactures superior by far to Victoria, where the demand for protection grows vr lth what it feeds on Recent statistics of production show that in Tasmania fair progress is being made, though there are variations from year to rear In 1879 there were 3250 " trades and manufactures in 1880, 334 in laSt, 3 437, in 1,882, 3 521 in 1883, 3,480 , HW 1884, 3,295, In 1885, 3,331 in 1880, 3,50 in 1887,3,441, undinir888> 3550 On the whole the return must He regarded as satisfactory ' ! ! l ALL the indications point to the fact, that if the next Hobart! Regatta is to be made a success prompt action must be taken and thatLamted On action should be taken The members-E-such of their os remain of the Hobart Regatta I Association must have reached the conclusion that they cannot now properly do the work, however efficient they may have been in the past, and they will do well to accept the situation, forgetting any personal feeling they may have in the desire to make the national holiday what it should be The- matter w eminently one which should cause all jealousies to be laid aside, as it is only by the hearty co-operation of all that the owl sought can be gained Disunion means-need we say it's lack of public support, for unless the business is really what it is supposed to be, a general union for a general purpose, ' it will inevitably droop and may, possibly, die It cannot be denied that the Association, no doubt with the very best of intentions, tins contrived! to alienate very desirable corporators both in the North and trio South, as that there is not that general joining in which should exist, and which must exist if the thing is to be what it is meant to be, and what it can be readily ' made Several correspond dents urge that the committee elected at the public meeting should at once go to work, without wanting any further for the co operation of that Association, Unit we think that would, at the present time, be an undesirable step to take However, there is not any time to see, as much has to be done to retrieve the. past and to make things what they should be in the future, so that there must not be much delay It remains with the Association 'to recognise and accept its position, and to join, as far as it has members still, the new committee, and so begin a new organisation, which will have new vigour, a new field, and which will not be weighed down by past errors, or be subject to distrust This done, all that requires will be done, and out of the, nettle failure will be plucked the ever welcome flower success _ TjjjäoiiAPiiio The following message was received at the Telegraph Office from Brisbane yesterday afternoon -" Telegraph station opened at Montalbion " MAJOR GENERAL EDWARDS -The Pie much has received Major General Edwards report on the defences of the colony, and will lay the same before Parliament in due course . PROBATES AND ADMINISTRATIONS The following have been issued -Probates Henry Griffiths to John Scott and Henry Griffiths, £247 , Martin W ales to Audley Coote, 416 , Margaret Romance to Mariano Barnett, fell Administrations', Emma Dawson to George Smith Seabrook, £62 ) Jfcedenok Augustus' Saga to John Powell £8,191; 9 7 J I u / dO 1 U a TO-MORROW'S Shows meeting of the committee of the S.T.A. and P. Society was held last evening, the President (Hon. W. Crosby in the chair. A number of routine matters were attended to, and final arrangements made for the carrying out the show. Several lots of stock arrived by yesterday's trains, and further consignments are expected to-day. Sheep and agricultural implements and machinery are to be judged at noon to-day, and exhibitors should take care to have their stock and machinery ready in good time. We have been requested to remind those who are in charge of the various exhibits that they are under the direction of the stewards, and any disobedience of their orders may lead to disqualification. All horses are required to parade in their proper classes, and the general parade is to take place at 1.30 p.m. to-morrow. His Excellency the Governor, patron of the Society, will arrive on the ground at 1 o'clock, in Order to be present at the parade, after which the the sale of hunters will take place. In another column will be found a list of firms who have announced their intention of closing their business establishments at noon, and as the day has been proclaimed a holiday for the Government offices and banks it maybe expected that by 1 o'clock the town will be pretty well deserted. The limited area of the ground renders it necessary for the committee to refuse admission to all vehicles not entered for competition until after 1 o'clock, and then only upon; payment of an ex ii ii fee of 10s., as the pro-, vince of them would interfere with the exhibits. Each member of the Society is entitled to receive two grand stand tickets, ] and those who have not yet received them, can get them at the Secretary's office on the ground. A 'bus for the convenience of the judges will leave the Electric Telegraph! Office at 8.30 to morrow morning. The; usual dinner will take place in the Mayor's Court room, Town Hall, on Wednesday evening. BANK HOLIDAY. To-morrow (Wednesday) has been proclaimed a bank holiday for the City of Hobart and the towns of New' Norfolk and Oatlands. The whole of the Public Offices, with the exception of the Customs, Post, and Telegraph Offices, will be closed all day to enable those who wish to do so to attend the S.T A. and P. Society's Show at New Town. - - SOUTHERN TASMANIAN FOOTBALL ASSO- CIATION The usual weekly meeting of the Executive Committee 'of the S.T.F.A. was held last night. Present: Messrs. J. 'G Steele (chair), Kirby, McAllen, Masterton, Briggs, and W. J. Rae, hon. secretary An application was, received from the Hobart Polo Club asking for use of the Risdon ground during the summer months. It was stated that owing to the probability of the ground being used for cricket, the application could not be entertained. The hon. secretary was instructed to write to our-, tain Victorian clubs to ascertain whether they could visit Tasmania during season 1896-7 The sub committee's report on matters relating to the improvement of the ground was tabled, and adopted. It was decided that the uniforms of the Association now held by the players should at once be; obtained from them, and left in charge of the hon, secretary until next season. Accounts to the amount of £8 6s. 8d. were passed for payment, and the committee adjourned. BOYS' HOME. TU monthly invokes el j the governors was held yesterday, there being present Mr, F. W. Mitchell (in the chair), Hon. A. Dobson, Messrs. P. Belstead, B. Shaw, and T li. Mather. The debit balance at the bank was reported as £121, against which the quarterly amount had to come from the Government.] 'The indentures of three boys were signed; Application was received for one of the boys to be returned to his parents, matter) was referred to the Superintendent, of Police for his advice. The Master reported that a boy named 'Young had run away from the Home, and had not yet returned. The matter of a boy having been away from his service for some time was considered, and it was decided to find out in his whereabouts, and have him returned to the Home. Letter read from a master, stating that his apprentice had served his full term, and that his conduct. had been very satisfactory the whole time Applications for boys from the Institution had been received during the month,' but at the present time there were none aVailable Tllc'iucrcusod accommodation was again referred to as a necessity, and by next T meeting it is expected a plan will be decided upon for raising 'the necessary -' funds. The master reported the state of the Home as satisfactory. The usual monthly accounts 'were passed for payment ' ' ' / DAY STARR-In have received this publicAtion for October. It fully maintains its customary and well recognised standard of excellence, and' throughout its pages are gems of pious thought, of counsel and advice good food for reflection. I 'S.T.Airm,i,EitY.- The intended inspection of the ' corps by the Colonel Commandant last evening was postponed on account of 'the rain,' but the usual evening's drill was carried out, and the Garrison Band under Bandmaster fates, played selections in the drill yard until the parade was dismissed. Major Evans ama nil Mr officers were present. On Wednesday evening, the day being a public holiday, there will no lid drill. It is intended that the Commandant's Quarterly Inspection shall take place' on Friday week. of ' TASMANIAN Brian REGIMENT. I- The ordinary parade of the r Tasmanian Rifle Regiment, under the command of Major O'Boyle, took place last evening. The mci were exercised in company' drill and attack formation, and at (Juc conclusion of the , parade, orders were read intimating that the Commandant would make the quarterly inspection on Monday evening next. Arrange- ments were also ínado'ior'cltiss-firing during (the ensuing week.' ' ( HAMILTON RAiiiirr.BcAKp.-Tho secretary to this Board writes" under date 12th instant " In yesterday's Mercury appears, under the head of telegraphing on Haiuiltou.apnia graph to the effect that the Rabbit 1 regard were had met and passed a resolution against the hill now before Parliament, introduced by Mr. Brown. This is not the, case! No Rabbit- Board meeking has been held lately here." ' ' ' ' j i CITY POLICE COURT. Before His Worship the Mayor and Alderman Dillon yesterday, EdwardiMcFfo was lined 5s., or seven days' imprisonment, for, using obscene language in Brisbane.-street on the 12th Inst. Aun Holmes, for being drunk and disorderly in Humpdciwoud On the 13th instant was ordered to pay 5s or be imprisoned for 24 hours. Then, Woods, of j Zeehan, arrested for being a person of unsound mind, was remanded to the hospital for 14 days for medical examination., Mary Ann Williams was mulcted in 5s., in default 24 hours' imprisonment, for being drunk and incapable in '"King-street, Sandy, Bay, on the 13th inst. I I' BRIGHTON- POLICE COURT On the 11th just., before Messrs. Gunn (Warden),, and Hodginan, .T.P.',|Tol)n. Pace, jun. was fined 2s. (6d. and costs, for driving without lights. James Donnelly, 2s. 6d. and ? costs, for disturbing the, peace, at Broadmarsh sports. Campbell v. Patons, using abusive laid ! guage, case- dismissed. A cross case Carsons v. Campbell, was withdrawn. L I A Oiu'iiKus CLUB CONCHRT-Mpmbers'of the Orpheus Club are sparing no pains to place before their patrons a very attractive programme on Wednesday evening next. A special feature will be the production of the Bruny Cataract, a melodramatic Burlesque, written by Mr. Frank -Hudspeth, which abounds ria--.capitalrsituations,! and gives ample scope to the performers for imitations of Gaspard, Polonius, Geo. C, Mihr, W. J. Holloway, etc. Novel scenic effects ' are promised, and as the fame of the Orphesians is not confined to Hobart, but is known throughout the colony no doubt their many country friends will,hVglad to embrace this opportunity to witness ; the special holiday programme which has been prepared for the occasion. -.. j COMPLIMENTARY CONCERT To-night the Filibuster Band, aided J by many musical friends, give a complimentary benefit to Mr. W. T. Bates .? The programme, which appears in Another column, gives proof convincing that the promise of high-class music and vocalisation will be amply fulfilled. It will be noted that, for the convenience of suburban patrons, O'May's steamer from Bellerive, and Cooley's 'bus from New Town, will convey passengers to and fro. NORTHERN HOUNDS. Mr. W. V. Field, Master of the Northern Hunt Club, has kindly consented to bring the pack down South for a run at Bellerive on Friday; 18th inst., starting at 2.30 pm. A good run is anticipated, although the last two meets were slightly unsatisfactory, owing to the training of the Southern and Midland hounds to follow wild game only, but this pack will in all probability retrieve previous disappointments, and a good run may be anticipated. There is likely to be a large muster. i DERWENT ROWING CL.UII.~-.To-night the Derwent Rowing Club hold a plain and fancy dress skating carnival at the rink. The decorations which caused so much favourable comment at the Children's Carnival last (week still remain, and others are to be added, therefore the whole should prove very effective.; The proceeds, after paying expenses, are to,bo''devoted'to club purposes, L UJW a J id, EK d , A WORD TO DEPUTATIONS In the calm seclusion of country council-chambers and at happy family gatherings in both town and country coiiumtteo-rooins, schemes for the benefit of the public or private persons are discussed, and resolutions are made for forming deputations to the Government with the object of making such wants known. Of on those deputations are arranged and Ministers are not made acquainted of their approach until their knocks at the doors of the Ministerial Chamber are answered,' and as a consequence no opportunity is given to Civil Service officials to make the Press aware of their advent. In this way matters of public importance have to be picked up in a manner which makes accuracy difficult, and leaves a chance of wrong impressions being incontinently conveyed. In those days of cheap postal and telegraphic communication very little expense and trifling trouble need be incurred in sending notice to the Press when deputa- tions are being arranged, and if people who desire to have their wants made known, wish them accurately placed before the public, would only take advantage of these facilities and this hint, they would benefit themselves and those they wish to serve. DEPUTATION A deputation from Now, Norfolk waited upon the Premier yesterday afternoon, to ask for assistance in pro , veiling that township with a better supply of water and an electric light installation. It was urged that by increasing the water supply by a new system of reticulation the inhabitants of the place would be much better served, both in regard to domestic purposes and means of dealing with fires.: Any scheme for a better supply of water or for lighting the township by electricity would also benefit the Government, as the Insane Asylum could share in it, and the deputation desired to know whether the Government would assist the district by advancing the money required for improving the water supply. Air. Christopherson, C E., had estimated the cost of the scheme at £4,500, and they asked the Government to give £2,000 towards this expenditure. They had obtained an estimate for a scheme of electric lighting (£4,000), and before undertaking this expenditure they wished to know if the Government would be prepared to pay £250 per annum for lighting the insane Hospital. The Premier informed the deputation that if a scheme of lighting the asylum would not cost more than £250, the Government might be able to meet them, but with regard to the water supply, whilst they fully recognised the advantage of having it pure and reliable, and a good pressure available in the event of a fire, the Government could not treat them differently to the way in which the people of Campbell Town had been dealt with. If, however, uJ good pure supply could be ensured Ministers might bill the asylum with £150 pt- year for that consideration. The residents of Campbell Town had raised the money required for the water supply on their rules, and the same thing could be done in New Norfolk. If the deputation laid a detailed scheme before Ministers it would receive the careful consideration of himself and colleagues. The remarks in the preceding paragraph will apply to this deputation. | C|ATitoLia AroSTOMO LKOTDIIES-Yostor day evening the Evangelist lecturing at the Town Hall, delivered the second lecture upon the subject of "The Restoration of the, not of the Kingdom of Heaven." After a brief summary of the previous address, showing how the Church at large had lost the capacity for embracing within the folds of God's net all her members, and that, therefore, the great masses of Christian people are in an uVisnopherded condition, the lecturer shortly detailed the leading features of the spiritual revival of this century and then proceeded to show that that revival had been antedated and anticipated by a remarkable working on the part of God during the early years of the century. That in answer to prayer, for the outpouring of the Holy Spirit, about the'year'1829, spiritual gifts as exercised in the early Church, such as prophecy, healing,, and speaking with tongues, were again manifested, first in Scotland, and afterwards in many parts of England. That through these gifts men had been called to the offices of Apostles,' Prophets, Evangelists and Pastors and a testimony borne at the time to the heads of Church and State throughout Christendom that the Lord was again working for the restoration of unity to the Church Catholic. That, us a consequence of the general disregard of this testimony by the bishops of the Church, it had become necessary for the Apostles to organise in many lands, congregations of those Syrup had received them. t. in these congregations the true order of church worship and government had been restored by the combined action of the ministries of Apostles and Prophets. The lecturer then proceeded to show how that the spiritual revive in the Church at large had during the last 50 years, followed largely in the direction of the truth and light, which had been thus brought into the Church by Apostles and Prophets, and went on to draw' a (parallel between the restoration of the Jews to their temple worship under Zoiub babel, Nehemiah, and ETTa, and this restoration, through the operation of the Holy Ghost, of the original constitution of the Church. After expressing his willingness to meet by appointment, mails at the office of this paper, any person or persons, desirous of l inquiring further into these things, the lecturer announced that he would sell or four more lectures in the Mayor's committee room of the Town Hall on the four next Sunday evenings, the subjects of which will be announced by advertisement. The lecturer was listened to throughout his address by a large and interested audience. I POMOI! FESTIVAL. Last evening a many her of the men comprising the City and) Territorial Police Force were entertained to. tea in the Memorial Hall under the auspices of the Y.M.C.A. The tea, which took place at 6.30, was not confined to the men alone;, but deluded their wives and families, and about 1100 sat down, i The edibles were obtained from Mr. C. D. Haywood, and the tables, which were most tastefully decorated with flowers, were presided over by the Mayoress (Mrs. A. Crisp), Mesdames G Fogg, N. Herring, W. Nicholas, jun., and ; Misses Nutt and Bode, In addition to the decor is tions on the tables, the busy fingers of the ladies had' by means of flowers and evergreens, given to the hall quite a charm- ing appearance. Tea concluded, a vocal and instrumental enter statement' took place, at which His Worship the Mayor (Mr.A.Ciisp) presided, thereafter afcwprcpuiatoiyicinuiks the following programme was rendered in admit able style: Opening hymn, " Cannan," "Daughter of Zion" "Singyo Jehovah's praises," Melville-street choir; " Innung are the wheels of time," and " Whiter than the snow," Y.M.C.A.; Vacitetlons,' "Told by a policeman," Mr.' J. Hamilton, And " In the signal box ;" organ solo, Mr. Bode ; closing hymn. ' Mr. J. White presided at the organ throughout During the evening the Mayor and Mrs J. Macfarlane delivered appropriate addresses, and Mr. Super intent dent Pedder, on behalf of the Force thanked alt those that had contributed to their enjoyment that evening. Mr. Pedder also referred to the kindly interest Mrs. G. Fagg had taken in the welfare of the men com- posing the Force, and-stated that she had suggested the establishment of an ambulance class, in which she would be glad to see the members of the Police Force taking part. He thought the suggestion a happy one, as. the benefits to be derived from attending such a course of lectures would be of immeasurable advantage to she whole of them. He was sure the Inspector of Police (Mr. B. Shaw), who, took a lively interest in their welfare, could see the expediency of having issued with the " Police Manual " the principles taught in such classes for the information of the members of the Police Force throughout the colony. The Mayor promised his co-opera-, then and said he should be glad to place at" their disposal any room that might be available in the Town Hall for the purpose of holding the classes. Lady Hamilton, who apologised by letter for non-attendance, also referred to the matter, and expressed her hearty approval of the scheme. I She'atyo stated that it had been her pleasure on one occasion to distribute to no less than 80 members of the Dublin Police Force certificates of competency and trusted' that a similar pleasant duty would fall to her lot in Hobart Letters of apology for non attendance were also received from the Attorney-General (Hon. A. I. Clark) and Mr. B. Shaw, Inspector of Police. This evening, at 6.30, the remainder of the men and their families will be entertained in a similar manner, and Alderman Reynolds, a member of the Police Committee will pro side. I POSTAL MAILS-The Secretary to the ' Post Office informs us that a packet containing music has recently been posted at the General Post Office without address, and the reader is requested to call early and address the packet. A purse containing a small sum has been left on the counter of the Post Office, the owner of which niayobtain.it upon application to the Secretary. LEFROY 'CRICKET % CLUB.-A special general meeting of the members of the Lefroy Cricket Club will be held at the Criterion Hotel this evening. Of 7.30. The business unsaddle, 'be important, and the attendance of all members and supporters is particularly requested. STEAM TO MELBOURNE. Messrs. Huddart. Parker and Co. have advised their Latin? costs agents, the Tasmanian Woolgrowers'' Agency Co., that they have chartered the now steel paddle steamer Newcastle to run excursionists between Melbourne and Eaun costs, and wee verna. A tri-weekly service is to be maintained in time to convey passengers for the Melbourne Derby and Cup The Newcastle one of the fastest steamers afloat, was built as an express passenger boat between Sydney and Newcastle, and her berthing accommodation, which is of high class, provides for the carrying of 450 passengers. It is announced by advertisement that plan and timetables will be ready during the week. " HANS THE BOATMAN."-Mcasis. Sillitoe and Palmer's Company produced this popular idyllic sketch, endeared to the memory of Hobart theatregoers by Mr. Charles Arnold, at the Theatre Royal last evening. The audience, considering the unpropitiatory state of the weather, was very satisfactory, there being a good attendant in all parts but the circle Mr. C. Palmer who takes the title role has, without doubt, bestowed great care and study upon his impersonation, and follows very closely the parent production while his pathos in the emotional parts of the dialogue stamp him as possessed of marked ability. Occasionally there is noticeable a break in the accent, u fault however, easily remedied. His singing has a freshness and excellence about it that soon established him a f favourite With his auditors. Miss Ruth Wallace is a young lady who is suited to the letter by the part of Jessie, her naturalness winning many marks of approval. Her performance we have no hesitation in asserting compares most favourably with the lady who supported Mr. Arnold. Miss Hettie Lambrctto as Gladys Farnell, was seen to better advantage in the second closing scene than in the first. Yank Thursby, in the hands of Mr. Russell Crawford, was a congenial representation, and carried with it the sympathies of the audience. Mr. Maitland ably discharged the little in - his hands in the character of Lieut. Finch. Mr. Hubert would appear to better advantage if he obtained a more intimate acquaintance with his lines, and Mr. Vernon is not severely taxed by the character of Mr. Farwell. Baby Carrie, who took the dual part of the Baby Coquette and LitthvHans, is a local young lady, and had had but little training, therefore and must be congratulated upon the manner in which she went through the past. then, the dog, has not resolved the training that Need had, but he is a very handsome dog, and will, doubtless, quickly acquire the necessary stage knowledge. The scenery is that used by Mr. Arnold, therefore in this respect nothing is wanting. The company received a call he fore the curtain at the end of the second act, certainly a merited tribute of appreciation. The piece will be reproduced this evening. ENTHRONEMENT SERVICES full rehearsal of the music for the enthronement service of Bishop Montgomery was held in the Cathedral on Sunday afternoon under the leadership of the organist, Mr. T. J. Haywood. The special choir comprises the three surpliced choirs of St. David's, Holy Trinity, and St. John's, numbering alto S other over 80 voices. The rehesrsanras a sudden) improvement on, the, r,;oYlp\W 9n And the way in which the different items!) were taken was commendable, and gives promise of a very successful, issue but careful and steady practice is still needed to attain that result, therefore it behoves every chorister engaged in this work to seriously take advantage of the frequent rehearsals being held so that a service worthy of themselves and of the importance of the occasion may be presented. "r MUTUAL FIRE INSURANCE Co-The annual meeting of the Mutual Fire Insurance Co. of Tasmania takes place at the Mechanics' Institute, Launceston, this evening at 8 o'clock. The annual report and statement of accounts will be submitted, and two directors and an auditor will have to be appointed. , Le.sLie. On Wednesday evening last an entertainment and coffee supper were given in the Wesleyan Church, in aid of the building fund for a new church there. The old one has done good service for over 20 years, and as it is now getting in rather a dilapidated condition the inhabitants there have resolved to build a new one. They have been exerting themselves for some time past to raise funds, but the social on Wednesday, evening has been the most successful of all the entertainments given. Several friends Hobart very kindly gave donations of money and I provisions towards the coffee supper, and -the 'Inhabitants' also gave very liberally, the whole thing proving an unqualified success. The choir, as usual, under Miss Lovett's quielauce tendered social items very pleasantly, trade provided the ' music, recitations, etc, that made up a capital pro gramme. The minister of the circuit; Rev. C. Tregear, of Franklin, presided, and also gave assistance The folk here have entered heartily into the idea, of building their new place of, worship, and hope very soon to make a start with it. They have our best wishes in the undertaking. SORELL Our correspondent writes : 1 Last Friday night we were % visited by a vcryseven/frosf^ which did a considerable amount, of damage among tender plants, all the young potatoes were spoilt, cut right down. Or Friday next the Pembroke Bl ass Band intend giving a promenade concert in the Library Hall, the proceeds to go towards the Band Fund, which luis been getting rather low lately. This style. of concert ought to take very well, being something now to Sorell." , ' ' ' TASMANIAN AIIHOAU.-Fruin the Town and Country Journal we extract the following published together with a portrait of the gentleman mentioned Sir. William Case, J.P., the Mayor of Merewether (one of the young and thriving municipalities scattered around Newcastle), was Born in Hobart, i Tasmania, in 1817, and was educated in Mr. Can ndufTs Commercial Academy of in that city. After serving an apprenticeship" to Mr. John McGregor, a well-known tradesman of Hobart, bowlers to Victoria, when o he stayed for some time He then visited India and Amct ka, return ing to Tasmania after an absence of three years. Latei'tin he came over to New South Wales, and went to the Noi lb. Queensland goldfields, and worked for several years on the Etheridge diggings, where he under- went many privations. On abandoning the diggings he came to Sydney, where the lnuinedsoonruftei winds removing with It is family to Newcastle, where he settled down. About six years ago he started in business 911 his own account as a builder and contractor, in which he has been fairly successful. He has carried out 111 almost creditable \- manner, several important contracts in the district of Newcastle. He was elected ( an alderman for the borough of MciewetlieMti 1887, during his absence in Tasmania,; and in the following year he was made acoustics of the Peace, This year he was chosen Mayor. Alderman Case is much respected, in his own borough and throughout the dis- feet of Newcastle, both as a business man and a citizen. He not only has the municipal affairs of his own borough till heart, but 18 also known to be deeply interested in the social advancement of the community, especially of the working clauses. He is an upholder of total abstinence principles, having been a teetotaller from his boyhood. Mr. Case is an>old member, of the Grand United Order of Oddfellows, having occupied all the highest local official positions in 'that'- body ; besides which, he is a Freemason, and at one time took an active part in the working, of his lodge. He has signalised his term of office by the active part he took in the organisation of the Mere- wether and Hamilton Relief Fund, on behalf of the victims of the late disaster in the A ' Al Company's mine, ' when several men were either crushed to death or entombed alive. Hors the president of the fund, and has been indefatigable in his efforts to make it the medium' of adequate relief to the widows, and orphans of, and other dependents on, the 1 men who perished in the catastrophe. the Jtf.Z, Herpid, is due the credit of having persuaded the Admiralty to consent to call the ships of the Australian auxiliary squadron by native names Catherdral -by the stereotyped appellations which F find, you.r in Whitehall. Sir, Saul Samuel suggested to the first Lord; of the Admiralty that it, would be very appropriate that the ships of the Australian auxiliary squadron should bear Australasian names Low George Hamilton Homurrod a little o' first, but ultimately looked graciously upon the suggestion, and requested Sir Saul to draw up a, list of names for the Admiralty 'to' select from. This has been done. I cannot, however, be said that the joint efforts of the Australian Agoiicics-Genena have produced anything remarkable, either in the way of euphony or appositeness. One would have thought the hotter part would have been to have submitted the matter to Mrs. Campbell Praed, who some surely have mentioned it 'dozen or so Australasian names which, had a Jhivonr Ci romance about them. Happily air France 'Bell-arid MÄrohbiVthe Agent-General for Queensland,, have yet to send. their lambs' tWèeWlthel';repu Lil " ' body for. originality and taste.' Sir Saul Samuel's selections were Waratah, Play THIS, Illawarra, Woolloomooloo, Emu, Bile lela, Warrego Dingo, Katoomba, Boomerang, Corowj, India, and Mowru. Sir Graham Bony proposed Corio, after the bay at Geelong, Dimboola, Euroa, Korong, Minhamite, Numurkah, Warracul, Wimmera, and Yarranuuiga. Sir Arthur Blyth's suggestions were - Poonindie, Wallaroo, Manoora, Manoora, and Kudlva. Mr.' Braddon's recollection was only capable of producing :-Tasinuiiia, Platypus, Koonya, Waratah, Boobyalla, und Ringarooma. None of these are very suitable names for warships. Dingo would do very well for a torpedo boat, and Boomerang would not be a bad name for a aw of sailing Cutter; but what self-respecting Bl atish tar would like to serve on board the Boobyalla, or, to bear the suggestive name stamped in letters of gold OH his cap ? CHEEK.- Hollow cheeks and wrinkles, says the writer of Echoes in the Jfoine News, are very awkward things. Ladies do their best to prevent their appearance. The clever ones seem to be able to ward off the wrinkles but hollow cheeks completely baffled their skill. A gentleman who lives at Islington is providing ladies whose cheeks are hollow with small pass. These pads are, attached to natural or artificial teeth by means of tiny gold springs. The price of a Tocopilla a trifle heavy, Uko everything! else guaranteed to improve the personal (appearance. A pair of pads cost something; like £5. The maker of the face pad said that gentlemen as well as ladies are wearing them. One gentleman had never looked anything but cadaverous until he took to the pad. Now his checks are rounded like a cherub's and he looks ten years younger.! The curious thing about the face pad is its inflexibility. It is made of the same material On the case , of ft set of artificial teeth. ' ,f DIPHTHERIA COMMUNICATED by POULTRY. -At a meeting held on the 8th inst, by the Williamstown Local Board of Health, Dr. Figg, health officer for the Board, reported (says an exchange) that since the previous meeting he had, in conjunction with Dr. Shields, chief medical officer, made another close inspection of the dwellings where diphtheria had occurred, on which he had reported a fortnight ago, and they had arrived at the conclusion that the appearance of the disease was due to its breaking-but in the first instance' amongst poultry. It showed in the throats of the fowls in the form of an ulceration. To check this suit -plans had been administered, and while doing so members of the family inhaled germs from the fowls' throats, which subsequently developed into diphtheria in the human subject. AJktrs. Barton lost 10 of her pullets from the disease,' and immediately her six children became ill of diphtheria. A Mrs. Thomas, who lost several fowls in the same way, I visit her family also stricken with a .. diphtheria. The two medical gentlemen felt ' quite confident that it was thus that the diphtheria outbreak In Williamstown had a originated. z i 