THE VALUE OF IRRIGATED LANDS. (HAMPER'S WEEKLY.) Irrigation in the United States is almost an unknown quantity. Certainly so to the general public. Yet it is already the creator of a material interest growing with great rapidity. For example, since 1883 California has added nearly 500,000 to her population, and at least 30,000,000 dollars (£6,000,000) have been invested in that state within 'four years in land irrigation enterprises. The value of land with water has already increased from ten to filly fold. Such works have become a permanent investment. The taxable valuation has increased at the rate of 100,000,000 dollars (say £20,000,000) a-year during the past four years, while 100 new colonies, embracing a large acreage, have been added to the fruit-growing area. The culti vated irrigable land has been more than doubled since 1883. The wonderful results of irrigation can be best illustrated by example. For this purpose some details are .here given of one of the most unpromising sections-Fresno County. It is a region that was wholly given up twenty years ago to the big-horned steer or the scraggy sheep. The valley or plains portion of the country comprises about 1,200,000 acres of level treeless land. During the rainy season this is covered by a coarse vegetation, affording some nutriment for stock. Under the application of irrigation and in dustry marvellous changes have beeu wrought m different parts of ihe country. The present canal system is an extensive one ; their ditches irrigate at least 500,000 acres, and support at least 100,000 peoble ; and where irrigation is in operation the land blooms with verdure and abundance reigns on all sides. Twenty acres in fruit, grain, and alfalfa grass are sufficient to support a family in great pros perity, while a ten-acre farm will insure com fort. The value of irrigated land for fruit growing is very great. At Riverside, in Los Angeles County, for example, raw lands in 1885 sold at from 250 to 400 dollars (£50 to £80 per acre), and very little to be had at that; improved lands at from 500 to 1,000 dollars (£100 to £200) per acre. The Red lands unimproved property is held at 200 dol lars (£40) p«r acre ; Crafton, 200 dollars and more j San Bernardino, from 200 to 500 do' lars (£40 to £100) per acre, according to location. It is unnecessary to amplify tho statistics of production, jet it is proper to make brief mention of some important facts. The enormous increase of the California oranga crop may be partially illustrated by the state ment that in 1884 the through freight from Los Angeles alone was 17,776,470Ibs., while in 1885 it increased to 41,093,l301bs. The grape, raisin, and wine crops are raised from about 180,000 acres, and over one-half of this has been laid down in the past eight years. In 1884 the wine crop was 15,000,000 gallons; in 1885 it was 18,000,000 gallons. Olive-culture is also growing, and it is affirmed that California now supplies most of the pure article used in the United States. The mulberry, lemon, fig, date, pomegranate, nectarine, &o.;, are all, like the orange, flourish ing products of the irrigable region. Tho value of water is, commercially speaking, growing much greater than land. Corpora tions for its storage and distribution are per mitted, either private or community in character. Great schemes are being carried out, in which all is done by the public. Other enterprises of magnitude are conducted by private companies or persons, such as the San Diego colony of " National City," or the Mercer Canal, on which Mr. Crocker aud others have already expended 5,000,000 dollars. " Bucho-PAIBA."-Quick, complete cure aJl annoying Kidney, Bladder, and Urinary Diseases. At chemists and druggists. F. H. Faulding & Co., Agents, Adelaide Quite Used to Bad Spirits.-A story is told of a shrewish Scotchwoman who tried to wean her husband from the dram shop by employing her brother to act the part of a ghost, and frighten John on his way home. " Who are you ? " asked the guidman. " I'm Auld Nick," was the reply. « Come awa", mon," said John, nothing daunted. " Grie's a shake of the hand ; I am married to a sister o' yours " To Dakken CTBEY HAIR. - Lockyer's Sulphur Hair Restorer is the quickest, b«t safest, and cheapest.-Large bottles, 18. Gd. -Everywhere. ^140-^94.3 A iiONG- distance telephone of 113 mileshas been established in Finland. " HOUGH ON PILES."-Why suffer Piles, Immediate relief and complete cure guaran teed. Ask for " Rough on Piles." Sure cure or itching, protruding, bleeding, or any form of Piles. ITolloway'i PUls a/l<£ Ointment.-Bilious affections, with all their concomintat annoy ances induced by atmospheric changes, or too liberal diet, should be checked at once, or serious consequences may ensue. When any one finds his ideas less clear than usual, his eyesight dimmed, and his head dizzy, accom panied by a disinclination for all exertion, physical or mental, he may be ^ ite sure that he is in immediate need of some alterative medicine.^ Let him at once send for a box of Holloway's Pills, a mild course of which will remove the symptoms, and speedily renew his usual healthful feeling. If the bowels be irritable, Holloway's Ointment should be diligently rubbed over the stomach and liver every night and morning.-Adtt. Rough ON RATS."-Clears out rats, mice, roaches, flies, ants, bed-bugs, beetles, insects, skunks, jaek-rabbits, sparrows, gophers. At chemists and druggists. Some people contribute Miss Mary Ander son s mental condition to the severe!J cauatia om merits of some of the western papers on er acting. 