BRUNKER'S DISCOVERIES. It is a pity that the Minister for Lands has not a ghost, like Mr. Henniker Heaton had, lo write his speeches. If he had one the probability is he would make a better impression on the platform than he has done since he became a Minister of the Crown. We have had occasion to unfavorably criticise several of his addresses, and the general opinion, to think, is that the criticisms were deserved. His Latest address, however, zxci c.k; in folly all previous exercises of a similar nature. Speaking at Bourke yes terday he said that " all that was neces- " sary to make New South Wales great " and wealthy was that necessary interest " and weight should be given to the claims " of pastoralists." And he' remarked further that he had " no idea that New " South Wales was so rich in pastoral " lands." Considering the fact that Mr. Brunker has been a stook and station agent for a great number of years, and tbat he is of one the oldest members of the Legislative Assembly, these state ments are in the highest degree discredit able. They reveal an amount of ignorance the like of which, we will venture to say, does not exist in any other member of Parliament, From the latter statement it would appear that Mr. Brunker must have performed his duties as a stock and station agent in a most me chanical manner; that the selling of the myriads of fat bullocks and sheep that have passed through his hands never suggested anything to him concerning the nature of the country in which they were produced, or inspired him with a determination to pay a series of visits to the pastoral areas. But if 'the latter statement reflects discredit on Mr. Brunker, what is to be said of the former one ? Evidently the Minister for Lands does not know that the normal limit of the stook-carrying capacity of the" pastoral areas of New South Wales has been nearly reached, and that no land law tinkering, however complete or skilful, would enable tbo country to carry much more than 50,000,000 of sheep. But even if the case were otherwise, it is the sheerest nonsense to say tbat the pro vince can be made great and wealthy by giving the " necessary interest and weight to the claims of the pastoraliste," If Mr. BRUNKER would be respected as a politi cian, he should be one of two things ; he should either engage the services of a " ghost," or keep his mouth permanently closed. 