THE MELBOURNE CUP. NOTES AND ANTICIPATIONS. , Br HERO II. ' *» . Saturday's racing bas, to a great extent, upset all calculations and renders the task of finding the winner of tbo Cup Larder than ever. One thing, however, has been pretty plainly demonstrated, via., that Carbine hap not a ghost of a chance, as, at level weights, each carrying 9st., he waa beaten by ¿lelos in tbs Melbourne Stakes. In the Melbourne Cup Carbine is handicapped at a atone over weight for age, whereas Molos carries only 8st. 121bs., and therefore, on the Saturday's running, should hold Carbine quité' aafo. Meloi, 8st. 121b., is owned by Mr. W. Gannon, and is by Goldsborough ont of Melody. As a three-year-old he ran several times second to Carbine at level weights, and was also second to Carbine who conceded 12 lbs. in tho Sydpry Cnp. He won the A.J.C. Derby, conceding 51bs. to Volley, who was second. He also won the A.J.C. Leger, beating Volley and Bloc nose, and on his Saturday's running, should stand a show second to none. There ¿re, with latest scratchings, 23 horses left in the Cup, and of these probably only about 18 or 20 will face the starter. Patting aside those whose changes appear to me to bo but slight* I wonld look for the winner amongst atarlos, Singapore, Bicbelieu, Rudolph, Antaeus, Benzol, and Lonsdale. And should an out eider win it will probably be Menotti, Chet- wynd, br Bluenose. It is said that Singapore's running* in the Hotham Handicap last Saturday, bu* discounted his chanco for the Cup, but I hardly think his running there waa lo hi? re- lied upon. He is a sluggish brute, and bas to be flogged almost from start to finish to get him to work kindly. Singapore (4 yrs.), who is the property pf tho Hon. J. White, has to carry 7st. 5 lb*., including an 8 lb. penalty. He won, the A.T.C. Derby in September last with ridicu- lous ease, and it is not probable his stable were at all anxious for him to win- -the Hetham Handicap on Saturday, as it would have entailed a penalty of 7 lbs. , , It is the ambition of every owner to1 win the Melbourne Cup, but it is the burning desire of the Hon. J. White to do so. Rudolph (3 yrs., 7 st. 81b.) is White's seoond string, but his running on Saturday, if to be relied on at all, would show him to be 10 lbs. behind Richelieu. He is, however, a grand horse, being by Martini. Henry - Rusk, and has a brilliant record. Richelieu (3 yrs., 7 st. 6 lb.) is by Richmond \- MisB Harriett, and is the property of Mr. J. O. Loughlin. On Saturday, in the Derby, ho conceded 5 lb. to Rudolph, beating him fer seoond place by a length and a qaarter in a fast time race. Antaens (3 years), who occupies the first position of favourite, is handicapped at 7 st. 3 lb. He ls by Sir Modred-Millie. His owner is Mr. H. C. White. As a two year old he won tho First Nursery Handicap, 5 furlongs, 7 st. 8 lb., at tho A. J. C. Autumn meeting in 1 min. 3 seo. At Sydney he was third in the Second Nursery Handicap, 7 fur- longs, 8 st. 7 lb., and won the Fljing HanpU cap at the Sydney Tattersalls Meeting with 7 st. 8 lb in 1 min. 164 secs. On Saturday in tho Melbourne Stakes ho was fourth, being close up to Carbine, who was only half a neck behind Melos. In that race* j Melos carried Oat., thus conceding Antaeus I lGlbs. In tho Melbourne Cup he carrig Sit. lalb. against Antaeus ?st. 31b., or a diffe- rence of 231bs» Thoa Antaeus meets Melos on 71b better terms than on Saturday» when at the most he was only 21b. behind» How- ever, Antaeus has never shown any publio form over two miles, and it remains to be seen whether be oan go the extra distance. Se is doing splendid work, and his position as favorite, proves that he is highly fancied* Benson, 4 years, 7 st. IQ lb., is by. Argus Scandal-Lady Ellen, and he is owned by Mr, J. Bedfoarn. He has only appeared onoe in public, winning the Hawkesburn Handicap, li miles, at the February meeting of the V. A. T. C. last year, when, carrying 6 st» 20 lb-, he beat Maina, 9 st. 13 lb., and Menotti, 7 st. 8 lb., in 2 min. 34 seos. , He will be steered by Hales which should be equal to several pounds in his favour. He belongs to a onto party, and is thought a lot of. I shall not be very much astonished if he rons, into a place or even if he wins outright. Lonsdale, 4 yrs.8st. 51b. is by First King Yardly (imp.) He belongs to a very clever stable, and report says he is in first rate condition. As a two year old he won the Maribyrnong Plate, 5 furlongs, in 1 min« 4 secs., and was Booond or third in Beveral other races. As a three year old with Sst; up, ran seoond to Tolley Sst. 71b.j Melos 8st. ltiib. being third in the V. B.C. St. Leger. E Menotti 6 yrs. -fist. 13lb. is at present quoted at 200 to I in the betting. He ia well bred by Darriwell-Romula, and has been a rather unfortunate horse, having repeatedly ran second and third, his best performance being : when he ran third to Maina in the Geelong Gold Cup last February. It is just 10 years ago since his sire; with 7tt. 41b. caused a boil over by winning the Mel- bourne Cup, beating the favorite Suwarow 6st. Sib., who bad won the Derby three days previously, by half a lengthv DarriweU's starting prioe upon that occasion was 33 to 1, and I would not be astonished to see Menotti come very near repeating his sire's performance. Chetwynd (4 yrs.), 7st. 8lb., is a well bred horse, being by Gangforward- Josephine. He ? only ran as a three year old, bis best per- formance being when he won the V.R.C. Free Handicap, li miles, in March last, car- rying 7it. 21b., Plutarch, Sst. 4lb., seoond, and Retort, 7st. 2lb., third. He belongs to a thorough sportsman, W. R. Wilson, who has backed him for a large stake and evidently faades him. v Bluenose, (6st. 101b.) is by Seumas-ïhe Gigler. He was third in the A.J.C- St. Leger, carrying 8stv 101b., which was won by Melos, Sat. 101b. At the same meeting he was second in the Maiden Stakes with Sst. Sib. np, which was won by Dreadnought. He is the property of Mr. G. fi. Rowley, and ia «aidto be in very good form» As I have said, I chink one of the above lot must wini but coming to the task of deciding which one will win, the chances of several appear to be aa equal that it is with extreme diffidence that I attempt the work. Melos was only half a head behind Abercorn in'the Melbourne Stakes in a race ran 3 sec. faster than it has evor been dose in before, and only half a second over the fastest time in the world's reoord ; and, although I do not overlook Richelieu's claim on his Saturday's running ; nor do I forget that the Hon. 3. White's stable is in wonderful form, that his pair will go straight, and that through Abercorn and Dreadnought they ooght to be able to judge whether Singapore and Rudolph are in it, I mast plump for Melos, anticipating that the judge's verdict will be MELOS ... ... ., 1 SINGAPORE.2 RICHELIEU or ANTAEUS ... 3 'With Menotti close np. 