A Couple of Old Landmarks. ONE of the oldest historical places in or around Melbourne is the N.W. corner of the Victoria-parade, m Fitzroy-street, where at present workmen are actively engaged demolishing the building. On this plot of land was erected the first two-storied house, occupied by a merchant, io Melbourne Ihe name of this individual was Mr. Arthur Kemmis, the head of one of our ancient mercantile firms. Here he had lived for several years, and when he died, the premises passed into' the possession of a Mr. A. M'Kenzie, the first Home appointed Sheriff of the colony and the first Treasurer of Victoria. Mr. M'Kenzie followed Mr Kemmis to the spirit world and several tenants have since occupied the house. Connected with this estab'ishment was one of the old ghost stories of Port Phillip, many people believing that the building was .haunted, probably by the apparition of Kemmis. But when the Hon. Archibald Michie pitched his tent there and prepared a lecture on ghosts, which he delivered at the Athenasum, all the ghostly reminiscences seemed to be entirely extinguished. During the last few years the place has undergone several alterations, but the whole building has now been removed, and fresh foundations are now being put in by some enterprising showman, who intendB at no distant date to surprise suburbaners well-known Rainbowv'®ot«Jflll|3 ston and Little Collins streets, opposite the police station. In«, times this ho'el was kep-= by a Mr T J of the founders of OddfeJlowshin inl - and was a favourite place of meeting f of the City Council, »f er the officii were over. Occasionally the *« boozin» " be of ra her a pro racted charac er, several" scenes -being of en ehac ed there.' On • = and festive occasion a Mayor of Melbn I a member of ihe Council had a Ut^l se'-io, a genuine Burke-Slavin affair difference, that they used the raw 'una peace was eventually made between th faces showed unmistakable signs of the Rainbow has now'completely dissolved and • in its place an immense structure several" 6 high, and this on the site of the 41 old shop " is strangely, though humorously , Temperance Buildings." ' 