OKEWAI BROWN: A BLOOD-CURDLING TALE OF A CHRISTMAS GHOST. BY WILLIAM FREEMAN. PART I. THIE SPIRITUALIST'S TALE. I An excessively nervous at commenc ing this narrative. My diffidence is accounted for by the fact that I sel dom touch a pen. True, I make my living by clerking, but it is in the New Zealand Civil Service, which, of course, accounts for my being un acquainted with pens. My name is Samuel Vernon Awlsole, and I am chief clerk in the Memorandum De partment, and I have a very comfort able office, though slightly draughty at times, in the Government Build. ings at Wellington. As everyone knows, our department is the most important in the whole Civil Service. The duty of the officers in our depart ment is to -initial every memorandum made by every other officer through out the Civil Service. It is not necessary for us to read all the memoranda, or any of them-that would be requiring too much. It is bad enough to have to sign them. The modus operandi-which never varies-is this: One of .the junior officers of the Memorandum Depart. ment-there are thirty-five in all receives (as soon as he is at liberty and feels disposed to do so) the memorandum from a clerk sent by the department from which the memor. andum emanates. My junior num bers it, initials it, and passes it to one ofthe record clerks, who enters the number and particulars in a book, initials it, and passes it to the head record clerk, who minutes on it if he thinks any other departments are affected by the memorandum, initials it, and passes it on to the chief clerk -Samuel Vernon Awlsole. This is work which must not be hurried, and the head record clerk is instructed to always carefully turn the matter over in his mind for a day or two before acting, otherwise a department might be seriously prej udiced by not having a memorandum inter-relegated (as it is called) to it. I carefully initial the memorandum (on an extra sheet of paper provided for the purpose) and pass it on to the Under.Secretary for Memoranda, who minutes his direc tions as to which department it is to be sent to next, and--signs it inS fdl!/ I view with alarm the undermining effect of this work upon my chief's health. When he fails I shall prob ably be promoted to his position, and I shudder when I think of the amount of work the country demands of the Under-Secretary for Memoranda. Every mbmorandum signed in full.! Think of it ! Not even the emoluments attached to the oflfice enable me to contemplate being promoted to it without a tremour of apprehension. But when my time comes I willdo my duty or die at my post. With the travels of memoronda, after they leave our department, I have nothing to do, save to report any department to the Civil Service Board that omits to relegate a memorandum to my department before it is passed on to any other department. I have said sufficient to show the enormous amount of work which devolves upon me. Oh, I forgot to mentiozi, in explanation of the statement that I am. not accustomed to holding a pen, that I do not write my initials to every memorandum. That would be too wearying. I use an india-rubber stamp. The Under-Secretary does the same. But his is in fdl. Ah! I give you my word that I have fre quently had to thus affix my initials several dozen times in the course of one day. - That being the case, I found the work so fatiguing that I applied for and received permission to appoint a deputy chief clerk, who has power also to affix my initials. We now work in turns of an hour each, and the interval of rest I devote to study ing works on psychology. In this I include works on mesmerism and electrobiology, and also spiritualism, which is my favourite study. When especially fatigued, I vary this by reading works., of a lighter nature, such as dear Mrs. Crewe's 'Night Side of Nature,' 'Frankenatein,' ' Weird Stories,' 'Natural Magic,' 'Apparitions,' and :'The Spirit Bride.' The only journal I read is 'The Dawn of Day'-it is such a soul- satisfying periodical. I had laid down the latest copy of 'The Dawn of Day' and was leaning back in my office chair, with easy swivel springs, one December after noon, with a copy of 'Esoteric Budd hism' open before me, when I heard a hasty footstep. in the corridor outside -the footstep of someone mov ing with an undignified haste of which no civil servant in the buildings would be guilty, and the door of my room was flung open with a violence which no officer in the service would dream of displaying. Accordingly, the visitor who entered was not a civil servant, but an outer barbarian-one John Launders. He was middle-sized and middle-aged, with sandy hair and a red face-a model of rude, vulgar health. Not a bad sort of a fellow, you know, but boisterous, terribly boisterous, and, worst of all, an unbeliever-a scoffer at the beautiful truths revealed by spiritualism. When we had parted two months before it was with some coldness. We had a difference, in fact. I had hoped to convert him to spiritualism, and had introduced him to the select circle of which I was (and am) a humble member. I deeply regret .to say he caused difficulties by placing a mixture of snuff and pepper on the medium's moustache,and in the dark seaneo, in the most thrilling part of the materialisation scene, when the spirit hand was wafting itself lightly across our foreheads and making itself visible in its own reful gent light, with horrid profanity he attempted to seize the hand, and then lit the gas. Very properly the spirits punished his impious attempt by transforming the hand into a stuffed kid glove, and thus holding him up to the ridicule of all right-minded men. Thinking him sufficiently punished, I forebore to mortify him further by open rebuke, and merely parted from him with the amount of coldness and dignity which I thought the ofience required. I had not seen him since; and though he had always jarred on me and we invariably quarrelled when we met, yet secretly I was glad to see him again, for he really made capital com pany, though boisterous - terribly boisterous-so rudely healthy, and so unbelieving. 'Hello, Awlsole, old man!' he said, or rather shouted, now; ' been miser able without me? Well, I've come at last, you see! How goes it, eh, old fellow ?' 'Thank you,' I said, with my usual calm dignity, ' I am fairly well, I think. Last week I had a slight cold-an influenza cold, I think, but by the invaluable aid of mesmerism it passed-it passed. On Monday I feared my liver was affected, and yes terday I had a slight touch of indi gestion, but my spirit friends were kind enough-yes, kind enough-to remove the symptoms.' 'Spirits be d-- !' said Launders; he really did. He went the entire animal, and wished them all relegated to the lowest sphere. 'Oh, really - ,' I began. 'Now, look here, old fellow,' he in terrupted, 'you chuck all this non sense to the dogs, and begin by send ing this rot to blazes,' andhe threcv my 'Esoteric Buddhism' into the grate. Fortunately there was no fire, and I rescued it--atter he was gone. 'Oh, really!' I protested again. 'Never mind about Reilly,' said Launders. 'Just you come out for a week's shooting with me at Christmas, will you? I'll guarantee to knock more sense into you, and more symp toms out, during those seven days than all the spirits in the world could do in a whole century. Just say you'll come.' It was a temptation. Of all kinds of exercise I like shooting best. But it would not do togive in at once, and so I said 'Hem! Well, I should, I confess, like the outing-' ' Then, come on!' 'But. the arduous nature of my duties in connection with the great de partment for which I am responsible compel me to decline.' 'Oh, bother the duties! Blow the department!' said' this bIarbarian. 'Get another deputy chief clerk ap pointed, if the one you have can't stamp your initials fast enough, and come on, like a Briton !' 'That is a good suggestion,' I mur mured reflectively. 'I might be able to retain the services of the extra dleputy permanently after my return. I am sure I need him. My health, I fear, is suffering, owing to my close attention to my duties.' 'Then you'll come?' 'Yes, I think I may say I will.' 'All right. Ta-ta! I'm off to make arrangements,' and away he bolted, leaving me to wonder why the company of such a rude barbarian atlways presented such an attraction for me. I neverdiscovered why. . At the time appointed, however, I, having been notified meanwhile of all details, duly joined him, and we made a start on our little expedition. Our idea was to go right away from the regular beaten tracks, and get some shooting on the bush.clad hills between Wellington Harbour and Palliser Bay, starting a week before Christmas, and returning Christmas Eve. Accordingly we took the train to the Lower autt, and from there, with our 'swags' on our backs, trudged ap the Wainui-o.mata Road to the crown of the hill. We were not heavily loaded. Besides our fowling pieces and ammunition, we had only a little flour, oatmeal, tea, and marmalade, a 'billy,' tin plates, &o.;, trusting to our guns for supplies. Launders carried a tiny 'fly' tent, which, in his gruff way, he said he wouldn't trust me to carry. To balance this, however, I carried several copies of 'The Dawn of Day' and my ' Esoteric Buddhism.' On reaching the crown of the hill, we struck off along the top of the range through the bush to the right. Two miles along we found a suitable camping-place, and set up' our tent. We had carried a billy of water with us, and meant the next day to strike down to the mouth of the Wainui stream, camp there, and the day fol lowing to tackle the hills between there and Palliser Bay. We had shot a rabbit on our way, and supped off an excellenta stew which Launders con cocted. After supper I regaled him, in return for his kindness in prepar ing the stew, by reading him a chap ter from 'Esoteric Buddhism.' I regret to say that I found him asleep before I had proceeded very far. Some minds are unable to assimilate the higher truths. Next day we proceeded a few miles farther along the crown of the hills (before striking down a gully to the Wainui valley), getting glorious peeps of the blue waters of the harbour, with their setting of green hills, and the white houses of Wellington, so distant that they were only visible when the sunlight glinted upon them. We did not start until late in the day, having overslept ourselves, and were further delayed by constant expedi tions into the gullies after pigeons, which gave us some grand sport. Consequentlythe sun was setting while woe w?ere still on the crown of the range, with three or four hours' tramp through the bush to be done before we could get into the valley. We had to get down there, of course, as there was no water on the hillside. Just as we made a start to go down, Launders cried out ' See that pigeon! What a splendid shot ! Wait here while I stalk it! I must have a shot at it ! ' I did not wait; I followed him .at a little distance, for I feared in the dusk, soon to come on, that we might miss one another. It was well I did so, for that pigeon led us from tree to tree for over an hour, until just as it was getting too dark to sight a gun, Launders bagged him with a long shot. As he picked the bird up, he said 'By George! it's getting dark. We must hurry up. Let me see. This is the way down.' ' No, no!' said I; ' this is the gully we just crossed. This is the way down.' ' Is it ?' said he, doubtfully. ' I don't think so. Oh, no; it can't be. See, there is the big rata we passed. This is the best gully to go down.' He'was a better bushman than I, and so 1 gave in; but it did seem all wrong to me at first for all that. As, however, we seemed to get down all right, I was forgetting my doubts, when, after plunging downwards in ever- increasing darkness for over two hours, John Launders, who had been showing signs of uncertaintyfor some time, suddenly stopped, and pointing downwards through a gap in the trees, said- 'I say, Awlsole, what is that shin ing patch down there that reflects the stars so well?' 'Oh, it must be the Wainui stream, surely,' said I. 'It can't be that,' observed Laun ders, 'it's much too big. I wish there was a moon. I don't like this groping in the dark.' I assented. We had both of us had a nasty tumble or two. . 'Surely we can't have come down the wrong side of the range,' Launders went on. 'And that be the harbour instead of the Wainui valley? Gracious me! I hope not.' 'Well, it looks mighty like it. How ever, come on. It's too late to go back,' said my companion. 'Perhaps we have got along to the end of the range beyond the light house,' I suggested. 'And that is the sea? I don't think we can have travelled so far in the time. Soon all doubts were set at rest, for, when we got lower down, we came to an opening in the bush, and had a clear look at the water below us. It was the harbour right enough, for just opposite us we saw a dark mass which we knew must be the hills behind the pilot station on the Penin sula. 'There's no help for it,' said Launders, 'we must get down to the beach and travel along until we find water. I'm dying of thirst. I wonder where the dickens we are. We must be ever so far beyond Day's Bay, I should think.' Down, down, down we slid, jumped, and tumbled, until at'last, after ploughing through a deep slope of dry sand, we struck the beach at somuthing after ten o'clock at night. 'And here's water ! Hurroo !' shouted Launders, kneeling down and dipping his face into the little stream we had found. I soon followed his example, for we were both intolerably thirsty. When we had drunk our fill, we sat under a tussock of toi-toi and discussed the situation. 'I haven't the remotest idea where we have landed. I vote we came right here. There is a bit of level ground,' said Launders. We got up and had taken a few steps forward, when, arrested by the same sight, we both stopped and ex claimed together 'A whare!' ' A cottage!' 'I tell you what,' said taunder, ' its a confounded nuisance having to pitch tent and cook to-night. Let us ask them to take us in.' I was not at all unwilling to agree, and we approached the door. The place had an eerie; deserted look. It was a long, low building, with walls of mud and wood, heavy thatch of rakau, two small windows, and two low-browed looking doors. Launders knocked. No answer. He knocked again and again. Nothing but dreary echoes rewarded his efforts. 'I believe the place is empty,' said Launders. 'Try the door,' I suggested. The latch lifted, the door opened, and we stepped forward into gloom a degree darker than the night outside. Laun'ders struck a match and we looked round. We were in a room with a low ceiling, an open hearth at one end, and three bunks like those on board ship at the other end. One bunk was along the end of the room, the other two were arranged one along each side, with their ends coming one at the head the other at the foot of the third bunk. The room was rudely furnished with a rough heavy table and two heavy log benches. The match soon burnt out, and then Launders produced a candle from his pack and lit it. The place showed no signs of being in habited, and had a peculiar smell and chill atmosphere which reminded me of a charnel-house. Even Launders noticed something peculiar, for he said - 'Pah! Vhat a froway smell No windows or doors opened for months I should think. Anyhow, we're in luck, dropping on it like this. I'll light a fire right away.' Before long a blazing fire was roar ing up the mud chimney, and a couple pigeons were roasted and eaten, to. gether with some hasty-made scones, or rather griddle cakes, and the inevit ably billy of tea. Then Launders began to speculate. 'I wonder where on earth we are. Ithought I knew every yard of this coast.' He pondered for a minute, then suddenly striking his fist on the table, he exclaimed, 'Why,.I have it. This must be Okewai Brown's place.' ' Who's he ? ' 'Why! Murderer Brown, you know.' I didn't know, but the name did not have a soothing effect on me, . and I asked if &Ir.; Murderer Brown lived here. 'Well, he doesn't exactly livo here,' said Launders with a curious emphasis. 'He used to. His real name is John Brown, and like the original John Brown, his 'body lies a-mouldering in the grave.' They do say 'his soul goes marching along,' too, but I hope for our peace of mind sake that this is a mistake.' I began to feel anything but com fortable. 'Do you mean to say that this is the hut opposite the pilot station which is said to be haunted ?' I in quired. 'That's just it.' I shivered. 'I wish we hadn't come here. It's a horrible place. It may be a malig maant spirit, too.' Launders laughed until he cried. Then he said 'Why, surely you are not fright. ened of ghosts ? You, who are always trying to raise them!' 'My dear friend, you must be aware there are beneficent spirits and malignant spirits. I and my friends only seek to communicate with the beneficent spirits. The malignant spirits are terrible-terrible! '. and I shuddered. ' really wish,' I added, looking around uneasily, 'that we had'not come here. Who was this Brown when he was alive ? ' 'Okewai Brown? Well, who he was originally I could not say. Probably a runaway sailor from some whaler. in the very old times. He managed to marry the daughter of a Maori chieftain, however, and through her inherited all the land about here. He used to live in this place with his Maori wife, and a European wife as. well, by the way-not of the best stamp, as you may imagine. When they all got drunk together there were some cheerful scenes going on here, I can tell you.' ' So I should think ! Did you ever see him..' y 'Oh, rather ! He only died a year or so ago, aged about ninety, and to the last he stalked about as grim and forbidding as ever. The last time I saw him was about four years ago. He was a great big fellow, always with a gun in his hands. He had en ormous, protruding, yellow tusks, and a ragged, filthy, grizzled beard-a queer character altogether. He drank all his land away except the scrap he lived on before he died. He had been a man of herculean strength. Did you ever hear how he got his name of' Murderer Brown ?' ' N.no,' said I, not quite sure that I should like to hear it just then. But Launders went on. ' He probably had deserved it scores of times before things were more settled in New Zealand, but the first case that came under the notice of the authorities, while Wellington was still young, attracted considerable atten. tion. • A hulk was moored over oppo site where the pilot station is now. One evening the two or three men be longing to it rowed round to Welling ton for a spree, leaving a young boy in charge. A storm rose, and no one could get on board the hulk until late next day. Then the boy was found head downwards in a barrel of pickled pork, with his throat cut from ear to ear. A boat had been seen to cross the harbour from Okewai the evening before, and some of the things missing from the hulk were found in Brown's place here. He was ar rested and tried. Two juries dis agreed over their verdict, so the authorities let him go.' 'What a frightful monster !' ' Oh, that isn't halef the worst. Dozens of the most horrible tales were told about him; and one, I reinember, was said to have its origin less than ten years before he died. The yarn went that a pedlar or country hawker who wasgoing to make the trip up the East Coast, asked for a night's shelter. He got it-and a bit over. They got drinking dlring the evening, so the tale went, and the pedlar be came too pressing in his attentions to Mrs. Okewai-the Maori *one, I mean. This roused the old. boy's ire, though he did not show it at the time. Mrs. Okewai, too, had been casting longing eyes on the contents of the pedlar's pack, and so, during the night, this sweet couple arranged to pop the pedlar out of the way in the morning. Morning came, the pedlar was persuaded to stop.a day with them, and to go out and assist Mrs. Okewai to paddle on the beach for pipie for breakfast. Art fully the old woman led him into as deep water as he could be persuaded to wade into, and right.under a rock where stood old Okowai, leaning on his inevitable gun. Suddenly the woman seized the unfortunate pedlar's hair and held him. Down came the stock of the heavy gun across his head, and the pockets having been rifled, the senseless body was allowed to float out with the ebbing tide. The European wife got horrified, and escaping to town, told the tale to some friends. Suddenly her tongue was silenced forever, for one morning she was found dead in the miserable hovel she occapied-strangled, nobody knew by whom. Her tale had got wind, however. Okewai Brown's place was searched, and the contents of the pedlar's pack discovered, but as the body never turned up, or for .some other unknown reason, no action was ever taken. - Nice old boy, wasn't he ?' 'This-this is awful. I really wish we had not come here. I remember that last tale quite well. Fishermen say that Brown's spirit appears every night and visits the spot where, when in the flesh, he killed the pedlar. Let's go further on and put up the tent.' 'NotI. As long as I have an ac complished spiritualist such as you are to protect me, I mean to stay here. Comeon! To bed! Which of Mr. Okewai Brown's luxurious couches will you honour by depositing the Chief Clerk of. the Memoraadum Depart. ment in ?' The middle couch was full of ragged, foul, and frowsy blankets and clothes. The other two were quite empty, soLsunders took the right-hand one and I the left, and wrapping our blankets about us, we addressed our selves to sleep. I was nearlyasleep when I heard a noice at the door, and, sleepily open ing my eyes, I saw a dark form pass between me and, the red embers of the fire and got ihto the middle bunk. At the same time I became conscious of a nauseous, heavy, dead, smell, such as I had noticed on first entering. I took little notice of the disturbance at the time, merely supposing that Launders had been outside for some reason, and on return ing had got into the middle bunk. Islept soundly enough, and in the morning on awakening I was rather surprised to see Launders in the same bunk he first chose the night before. 'Hullo,' I exclaimed, ' when did you change bunks ?' 'Eh ? Change bunks ? What do you mean ?' 'Why, when did you get out of the middle bunk into that one ?' 'Never! How could Igetout of the middle bunk when I have never been in it ?' But you were in it !' 'But I was not ?' ' Why, Launders, I saw you get in myself. You walked straight from the door and got in there." I not only saw you, but I heard you rustling among those frowsy old blankets, and I wondered how you could lie on such filthy rags.' 'WVell, that is good! Why, it was you that got into the middle bunk in the night. I remember hearing you rustling about among the clothes. I half woke up, and wondered at the Chief Clerk of the Memorandum De partment soiling his delicate skin by lying on the blankets old Okewai Brown probably used for years with out washing.' 'I tell you most solemnly I never moved out of this bunk during the night. It must have been you.' 'I give you my word of honour I never stirred from this bunk, and I could have sworn I heard you in the middle one.' ' Who could it have been ?' 'Idon't know! What on earth does it mean !' Then helaughed, but I shook my head and said solemnly ' This is no laughing matter. This is a warning from the spirit world. It was Okewai Brown's spirit that returned to the habitation he occupied in his lifetime. The baleful effects of a malignant spirit such as Brown's must be dreadful. Let us accept this as a solemn warn ing, and leave this accursed spot at. once!' " 1 spoke with the dignity that became the exalted position I occupy, and Launders, who was disposed to laugh at first, was evidently impressed, and said seriously 'Perhaps you are right about it being a spirit. But how can a:ghost harm one ?' I shook my head. 'It sheds a baleful influence that may overcome the strongest. Who can penetrate these mysteries of the spirit world ?' They are enveloped in inscrutable mystery!' I fancied Launders was going to laugh, but I am glad to say he did not. He only said 'Well, I am not going to run awcay from a ghost. Well, do you know, in Brown's lifetime two sportsmen- civil servants, by the way-got lost on the ranges, as we did yesterday, and came down here without knowing whore they were, late in the evening. Brown toolr them in, gave them a supper, and put them in the room next his entered by the other outside door' you know-to sleep. In the middle of the night one of them woke up and remem bered where he was, or rather he put two and two together and guessed that they were in Okewai Brown's --plaeo. He woke the other up and told him. They both got scared, and deter. mine to clear out, so got up and dressed. When they had got their things together, they stole to the door and found it locked from the outside ! Imagine the panic they fell into! They went clean frantic, and at last managed to open a window and get out that way, every instant expecting to get a bullet through their brains. However, they got away all right, and before morning had reached the Hutt. They made themselves the laughing stock of Wellington, and I was one who laughed at them and vowed I would not have run away from one old man, but at all risks would have stopped and seen it out. Now, if I was not afraid of OkewaiBrown alive, I am jolly well sure I am not going to be frightened of him now he is food for worms. I shall stop and see it out. This is a quiet spot. We can get capital shooting on the ranges during the. day, and sleep here at night. It's better than jogging about the country with a swag. We'll stop, I say.' ' In that case I think it only fair to tell you that my duty to the country requires that I shall not place the Chief Clerk of the Memorandum De partment in danger, and if you re main it will be without me, as I shall return to town by the first train I can catch at the Hutt.' Launders replied with a most vul. gar and exaggerated imitation of my manner 'In that case I think it only fair to tell you that my duty to the pablic wouldrequire me to inform them that the Chief Clerk of the Memorandum Department was a'coward who had deserted a comrade who was in need of his help, and though a spiritualist, had run away .from an imaginary ghost. You know best whether such a tale would raise a laugh against you, and whether your duty to your country requires you to bring the high office you hold into contempt.' I considered the matter, and then replied with dignity : 'Although your manner is offensive, I shall remain to show you that the Chief Clerk of the Memordndum De partment regards the office as of more importance than the man who holde it.' We had a good day's shooting in the bush, and returned pretty well tired out in the evening. After a good supper, and a chapteror two of 'Esoteric Buddhism,' we turned in. I heard Launders snoring almost as soon as his head touched the rolled up coat which served as a pillow, and I, too, was soon sound asleep. It did not seem to me that I had slept very long, when I suddenly found myself broad awake and trembling in every limb. The same nauseous, heavy, dead smell forced itself upon my nostrils3 and sickened me-with every breath I drew. It re. sembled nothing more than the odour exhaled by rotting seaweed-a smell which had always seemed to me, whenever I encountered it, peculiarly horrible. This was like it, but infinitely more disgusting, and suggestive also of putrifying flesh. With this smell came a consciousness of danger. I felt sure a third person was in the room, and I held my breath to listen. Yes! Just as on the previous night, I heard an unmistakeable rustling in the middle bunk! What should I do? Any effort I made to rouse Launders, would rouse the intruder too! Besides I might be mistaken after all. On listening again, I could hear no sound but Launders' regular deep breathing. Yet to go to sloop again in this state of uncertainty was impossible. Almost against my will I got out of my bunk, and stepped over to the middle bunk, noticing as I did that the putrid smell grewr stronger. Leaning over the middle bunk, I tried to look into it, but the dim light of such of the fire as remained alight was too feeble to enable me to see anything, so almost surprised at my own temerity, I groped in the bunk with one hand. Suddenly my heart stood still, for I had grasped the cold, naked, slippery limb of, shall I say, a Mlan! Oh, the horrible dead feeling of that fearful Thing with which I came in contact. The coldness, as of death itself, the slippery, clammy feel which might be due to death-sweats or the juices of putrefaction; the awful, noisome smell of that fearful Thing ! Yet, in my desperation, I grasped It, hold It, and scroamed 'Launders ! Launders!' Even as I cried out I felt that horrible dead Thing glide through my -: ! hand without my being able to help it. It was so supernaturally strong, and so appallingly slippery and'rotten in Its feel that a giant could not have held It. I knew I was seeking to hold a supernaturally imni mated corpse, but I clung to It desperately and shrieked for help. As Launders sat up in his bunk, and called out 'What on earth is the matter ?' the fearful " Thing. glided from my grasp and sprang out of the bunk. A dark Form flitted across the room and disappearrd. 'What in the world.is it ?' asked Launders again. Ifelt sick and ill now the. excite- • ment was over, and sitting down trembling and shuddering on my com. panion's bunk, said "-?.'-Strike. a ligkt,.ploQas0 I.- was ko---. Ghost!' 'And you tackled it!, Bless my heart! You're pluckier that I thought you were ! ' I did not feel or look very plucky when he came to .examine me by candle light. I begged for some water and soap to wash the horrible fedl and smell from my hands, and as I scrubbed I told him all that had happened. ' Well, if I hadn't seen something fly out at the door myself, I ahould have thought you were yarning,'.said he, when I had done. 'I tollyou what, to-morrow night we will both" . sit up and see what happens. Mean while we will barricade the door with the table and benches and turn in again, if you feel better. Do you? I said I did, and we turned in once more, but, though Launders slept, it was not until nearly morning that I could get off at all. Next day we strolled out with our guns, but we did not go far or trouble much about sport. We talked over the fearful visitation of the night be fore from every point of view, and decided we could not do better than Launders had suggested, viz, to sit up and watch that night. So after supper we bolted the door and sat down to wait. Launddrs sat between the fire and the door, and I sat on the other side of the table, with "Esoteric Buddhism" open before me. We talked a littleat first, but asthe hours wore on we became quieter, and Launders sat smoking his pipe in silence, and I sat silently reading my book. I fancy I must have gone to sleep with my head resting on my hands, for I am conscious of a blank before I roused myself with a start at finding the same nauseous smell in my nostrils as on the night before. Launders was aeloeep with 'folded arms, and his head sunk on his breast. The door, bolted thoiugh it had been, stood ajar, and again I heard It rustling and turning iin the middle bunk. My flesh crept, and for the moment I was unable to move. Then I sprang up and shouted to Laupders 'It's here again! Wake up ! ' At the sound of my voice the dark form of a naked, middle-aged man, with yellow.brown, livid-lookingskin, sprang from the middle bunk, and casting upon me a look of fiendish, supernatural malice, disappeared through the open door. At the same instant Launders sprang up, and catching sight of the disappearing figure, followed it through the door way. Catching un a gun (why, I hardly know), I followod him and mot him coming slowly back. 'It disappeared in that clump of trees there,' said he. 'There seems to be a beaten track from the cottage to the trees. I toll you what.' To morrow night, suppose one of us watch in the hut here, and the, other in the clump of treeg yonder.' I didn't much like the idea of being left alone in either place, but I didn't like to say 'no.' As' we barricaded, the door again, preparatory to turningjin, I said 'What was Okewai Brown like?' 'Why I told you. Tall, wrinkled fee, grizzled 'beard, and very large prominent tusks.' 'He hadn't lost one eye ?' 'Oh dear, no!' 'Then it was not Okewai Brown's spirits that appeared to us to-night ?' 'As I don't believe in spirits, I don't suppose it was.' 'Did yon ever hear what the mur dered pedlar was like ?' 'Yes; the official account, when the reward was 'offered for the recovery of his body, described him, if I remember right, as middle height, dark com plexion, black beard, thick-set, about fifty, and why, now I think of it, with his left eye gone. Why did you ask. that question just now ?' 'Tell me first, did you see the horrible Thing that was here just now ?' 'Only a paasing glimpse of its back ?' 'Then let me tellyou It was the body of the murdered pedlar that we saw. Your description fits It in every detail!' Launders was startled-he must have been-though he only said 'Bunkum !' The rest of that night passed with out adventure. The following day was Christmas Eve, and instead of returning to town, as we had intended, we deter. -mined to remain and see what hap. Spened. Ah, how much better would it have been had we been wiser, and left that dreadful spot ! That night Launders volunteered to go on duty among the tree, leaving me in the hut, and 'of .the two pl aces I cortainly very much preferred the one I ?wvas left in. Between nine and ten o'clock Launders armed with a thick .stick, made a nest for h!mself among some bushes near the trees and sat down to wait. I got out my 'Esoteric .:Buddhism,' and for over two hours : nothing disturbed theoquiet. I got terribly sleepy, and found my self nodding several times. After one rather protracted nod I be .came conscious of the same dis gusting smell again, and- glancing hastily up, I saw, by the dim lJght of the single candle, the same darlk, naked Form standing with folded arms, and regarding me with a male v:i olent glare from Its glazed, livid eyes. In sheer terror I sprang up, shrieking for Launders, and hurled :myself upon the Apparition. We grappled. Again I felt the \- slimy, corrupt, horrible feel of that :' dead Thing in my hands, and hadIts '' suffocating stench forced into my very .-nostrils. Again I felt that the strength Sof a hundred men would be feeblens ss ;· before the Thing's might, and It : glided from my grasp as before. But :.this time it was not content with ::eluding my grip. It seized me in Its tur h-wlith-aagrasp that made -me help less as an infant. Still uttering .i scream after scream, I was lifted by , 'that fearfui Thing into the air and dashed violently to the floor. Then 'K-"all became a silent blank. PART II. THF UINBELIEVER'B' VERSION. Ha! ha! Well, of all the sublime iiidiots, that fellow Awlsole is the worst !. i' Have I read his ghost tale ? Why, 'a in't I just sore with laughing at it ! i ::The idea of any man in his senses ::spinning such a very tough yarn! SNow, if you'll listen to me, I'll tell yoii:u the real facts of the case. '" -You see, when we put up at ;o["ld Okewai Brown's. place we were annoyed by some fellow walking in in Sthe middle of the night and taking hi;:!is sleeping quarters with us without : so minuch as." By your leave." We always failed to nab him, which was more annoying still. As to making a :ghost out of him, why, it's pure ibunkrum. I did think I had laughed :::all .that out of Awlsole at the time. i..He doesn't say much about the jokes I poked at him. Anyhorw, on Christmas Eve, as we :lhad ifailed to catch our midnight visitor any other way, I proposed Awlsole's stopping in the hut and my i.going:.out and watching among the ? ?.group of trees I had seen the fellow :gilide.into the previous night. Un fortunately, I made such a warm neat :ifor myself among the toi-tois that I if-went to sleep, and only woke up when ::. someone went crashing over me and :Iin among the trees beyond. I made a grab at him, but I was too late. Then I thought I would go up and see what sort of. fun Swlsole had been having. When I got there I found the Chief iiClerk of the Memorandum Depart :.ment (that invention of Satan for S;multiplyiog tangles of red tape) lying i,,along the floor in a dead faint. 'Yi: You're a nice young ma'n for a s3mall tea-party !' said I, and I ilo0osened his collar, raised his head, iand gave him a nip of brandy. That Ssoon, fetched him to, but, bless your i.heart, as soon as he.opened his eyes '.his mouth opened to), and out ''ripped such a torrent of 'Things,' iand 'Its,' and ' Corpses,' and :'Apparitions,' and 'Baleful Influ ences,' that I just told him to shut up, iand bundled him into a bunk, and :'tucked linm up warm, and said he had " better go to sleep. ".Next morning he was better, but I c?:ould see he had had a nasty shake "up, and I told him to lie up all that day while I made preparations to catch his blooming ' Ghost.' At first I had thought it was some fellow hav ing a lark with us1 but I had dropped that idea for another theory. Acting on my latest suggestion, I prepared .my '.ghost 'trap in this way : SThe room next the one we had been :,using (the one the two Civil Servants " had beentrappedin)hadadoor opening from thie outside and another opening "into our room. The latter door I bar. ricaded as strongly as the bits of timber and fencing .I could find about the place would allow me. The one window of this smaller room I also boarded up and made as strong as I could. Then I placedthe key in the lock on the outside of this smaller room's outside the door, and put some pieces of timber handy to further help in strengthening it.In the meantime I left this door half open. As night came on I barricaded the outside door, in olr room as strongly as I possibly could. on the inside. I told Awlsole that if he felt well enough he could get up and watch in this room while I caught the'ghost.' About nine o'clock I got out through the window, and, taking my gun with me, stationed myself in the little grove of trees as before. This time I determined I would not go to sleep, and although I am gene rally an awful sleepy-head, I suc ceeded. Over two hours passed and nothing happened. A little before twelve, however, I detected a rustling other than that made by the wind, and presently there passed close be fore me the dusky figure of a naked man. Stealthily he crept along to wards the beach, and stealthily I fol. lowed him, hiding behind toi-tois and rocks, until he came to the water's edge. Then he deliberately laid him self down and rolled in the surf. Pre sently he came out of the water,, and going to a heap of stinking seaweed which was lying on the beach, picked out several handfuls, and as far as I could see, w Vi some into a sort of garland, which he placed on his shaggy head, and as he did so I heard him mutter 'Neptune's crown. Neptune must be crowned with the green coronet which makes him invisible! Then he can take a survey of his realms un seen!' Next he tied some longer strands round his waist, and then he turned, as I expected he would,- towards the hut, saying '~Hush! Silence! Neptune will pehetrate the realms of Momus; Un seen he will steal hours from the sleepy god. But only by keeping silence ! If even great Neptune spoke in the realms of Momus, he would re turn no more !' When he got to the hut he was obviously puzzled at finding the larger door barred fast. He pushed it several times, and each time I ex pected to hear Awlsole scream out that he was dying. He managed to restrain himself, however. Presently Neptune got tired of pushing at the door, and going along the side of the house came to the half open smaller door, hesitated a minute and went in. This was my opportunity, and darting forward I locked His Marine Majesty in, and strengthened the door as well as I could with the timber I had ready. Then I told Awlsolo I had trapped his 'ghost,' and putting him on the watch, with iistructions to shoot the 'ghost' if he broke out, 'I-et off for the Hutt. In the early grey of the morning I knocked up the constable there and told my tale. When I described the man he said, as I expected he would ' Well, I'm glad you've caught that fellow. He's a dangerous escaped lunatic from Mount View Asylum. And that's not the funniest part of it. lie is the son of old OkewaiBrown by his Maori wife. When the little half-caste was quite young the Bishop took him in hand and gave him a slap-up education, classics and all, I can tell you. But when he grew up he went to the bade and at last drank himself into the asylum. He believes he's Neptune, King of the Sea, and carries on in the most extraordinary way. But I never thought he had sense enough to make for. his old father's home.' The Asylum people were telephoned to, and sent out two keepers in a spring cart at once. They and the constable and I got to Okewai just as Neptune was breaking out-he was as strong as Hercules-and Awlsole was dancing about with the gun in his hands, neither daring to use it nor drop it. All the freaks of the supposed 'ghost' were easily explainable when it was discovered, that the 'Appari tion' was a lunatic. Neptune was soon secured and transported back to the Asylum, and the Chief Clerk. was also returned uninjured to his beloved Memorandum Department; though if they had ex changed the destinations of the two on the way, I don't think 'the country would have suffered more loss than the Asylum. That is. all I, John Launders, know about the Christmas ghost at Okewai Brown's. 