SPORTING NOTES. The Strathdownie raoea take place to-day, The Seoretary, Mr, Bilaton, tells me ha ex* peots to have a very successful meeting. A good many visitors will go from The Mount if the weather Bhould clear up. I understand J. McGregor will have the mount on Receipt in the Onkaparinga Stee plechase. His brother William could have had it, but he was engaged some time ago to ride Mahdi. Mr. L. Watts came to grief at Hamilton, He and his horBe Frank, together with the jookey (Thomson) were disqualified for 12 months lor «. pulling" in the Trial Stakes. After winning the Second Hurdles and Bracelet at Hamilton, Young Sussex was purohased by Mr. G. Buckley for £250, The V.R.CJ. meeting on Saturday was well attended. Fine weather prevailed. Society was made favorite for the Hurdleraoe, but he could only get seoond to Blaak Prince, who won easily. Whalebone was a poor third. Moorebank won the Maiden Plate. Sedition went out favorite for the Hill flan, dicap, a Bix- furlong race, and the distance suiting her she won easily from Dividend, Ginger getting third. The Steepleohase re. suited in favor of the lightly°weighted Kes. tral, who easily defeated Reny, Irishman was the only other starter. The April Han. dicap fell to The Charmer, her stable com panion Cyclops getting second and Pakeha third. Traveller defeated Little Bob and others in the Two-year-old Handioap and terminated the sport. The second day of the Hawkesbury raoes was interesting only so far as the Handioap was concerned. For this there were twelve starters, Plutarch and Yabba being equal favorites. Plutarch appeared to have the race in hand at the distance, when Keith shot out and won by two lengths, Wycombe was a moderate third. We (Advertiser) understand that an awkward hitch has occurred in connection with some of our newly-formed race oluba who desire the use of the totalizator. The Port Pirie club, which was inaugurated under vejy favourable auspices, have been refused the use of the machine on the ground that as the Laura club had made a prior claim and obtained a license to use it another license could not be granted to Port Pirie, because tho latter town was not 20 miles distant from tho former. By road over the ranges the distance is tully 26 miles, but there is a clause in the Totalizator Act which says the distance shall be measured as the crow flies, or in a straight line on the map from one place to the other. This is very awkward for the Port Pirie people, and is also likely to affeot the new olub at Strathalbyn as well as some other clubs. Henry Searle, the ohampion Soulier, leavea for England on 4th May, He will try to arrange matohes on the Thames withTeemer and O'Couuor, the Amerioan oarsmeR, In pursuance of their annual oustom, Messrs. R. S, Bree & Co, held ft large sale of horses on Friday, when drafts were sent in by the Hon, S. W, Cook, Mr, J. R. Lear month, the executors of the late Mr, Franois Benty, Mr. Stewart, Mr. J. Cameron, and other breeders. The Spectator says of the sale i The animals, as a rule, howe?pr> lacked condition, owing to the scarcity of grass, and this, combined with the high rates at present ruling for all description of horse feed, cansed the bidding to be the reverse of spirited, although the attendance wub veiy large. Prominent among the buyers was Mr. T. Cawker, ofCasterton, and there is little doubt this excellent judge of horseflesh pioiied up bargains about some of which more will probably be heapd when he has put his well-known finish on them? The sale commenced with the Hon, S, W, Coolie's King of the Ring yearlings, and the first knocked down was a bay colt, handsome as n pioture, out of a Sorcerer mare, Mr, J. Lucas being the purchaser at £28. A bay colt from a St. Albans mare was sold to Mr, 0, Wafcsop, of Border Town, for £18. Mr. H. Armytage obtained a good looking 4-year-old gelding by Yellow Jack for £21, and a capital pair of buggy mares by the same sjre was knocked down to Mr, J. Cameron for £80, Mia-Oara, the winnerof the JuvenileStakesat Hamilton in 1885, with foal by Rochester, and in foal to Argus, found a purchaser in Mr. Car michael, Barton Hills, for £82, and a still more racing-lookini? mare, Leah (by Argus Scandal-Jewefs) with foal by Bristol and in foal to Rochester, was sold to Mr. Pawner for £25. The brood mares were sold to various bidders at lower rates than those quoted, and the unbroken young horses realised up to £10 each. Mr, Learmonth's horses looked poor and wera evidently not the pick of hia stud. These also fetched ft variety of prices, j ranging from £6 10s, to £10 enpb, and one, a fine upstanding brown oolt, £20, Mr. i Cawker being the purchaser, Mr. Stewart I appeared to be well satisfied with the prices he obtained, which went up to £8 eaoh, for a small lot; but the biddings for Mr, J.! Cameron's Jonnawarra and The Dreamer did not come anywhere near the owner's estimate of their value, One of the bargains of the day was obtained by Mr. Affleck, who gave £18 each for two three-year-old draught colts by Prince of tha JeJes, sunt in by Mr, Cooke, the pair being weii matpbptj, and possessing great power, combined with symmetry." A pigeon shooting match between h, Clarke and J, G, Smith, 50 birds, £100 a.side, was shot off on Friday at Brighton, The former won, killing 43 birds te thg latter'a dJi While belug galloped on the Castertou course on Friday, Mr, Doyle's horse The Sprig (ridden by P. Bourke) collided with a post &ud; threw his rider, who sustained a compound fraoture of the leg. The horse was injured about the head and legs. It will be some time before he will be able to race again. Bauker has arrived safely in Adelaide. Since the Melbourne Cup meeting MuBket's stook and New Zealand horses have held their own in Australia. Carbine, Neoklet, Volley, and Pearlshell have won between them something like £6,431. Added to this amount is Lochiel's winnings, £1,753 ®addy £600, and Rose Argent £180-grand total, , , , It is just- .* hwMfed years ago, on 28th February, 1788, tha. ^ famous raoehorae Eolipse gave up the ghost, Qentenary of that event suggests the reflection i..*1'' apite of all the changes of a century there is at least one English institution whioh re* mains essentially unchanged-The Turf, There are nearly 300 horses at work at Randwick. The English crack Donovan hna proved successful in the rioh Prince of Wales Stakes, run at the Leicester Spring Meeting last Saturday, and hia winnings now approach £30,000. Donovan is a son of Galopin, who has quite revived the Voltigbur strain in the old country. Galopin, who was sold with his dam for 100 guineas, won the Derby him self. He is by Voltigour's greatest son, Vedette, from Plying Duoheaa, by the FJying Dutohman, so that he is a descendant of tho heroes of the celebrated watoh at York. As ft two-jf^r.oJ4 3)<ibqv&0 ptwtecl }8 The amount he won in stakes amounted to £16,487I and aa he won £11,0U0 on Sat urday his total now amounts to over £27,000. Among the races he won laat aeaaon was the Portland Plate, value £6,000 sova. He alao won the Middle=park Plate and Dewhurat Plate, He is engaged in the Two Thousand Guineas and Derby, but the Duke of Port land, who owns the oolt, warned the public against backing him for the former, as he in tended running him for the Prince of Wales Stakes, and he may, perhaps, reserve him for the Derby, Pioneer, who ran second to Donovan, is alao by Galopin, and his dam, Moorhen, ia by Hermit from a mare by Skir miaher from Vertumna, by Stookwell j end Minthe, who ran third, ia half-sister to Minting, she being by Camballo from Mint Sauce. The Melbourne horsea Sluggard, Flash, light, and Ohetwynd arrived in Adelaide by the train on Thursday evening, They have gone to Gleaelg, and will work at Morphetfc ville, Aided by delightful weather and a good attendance, the meeting promoted by Mr. Bi'adahaw at Riohfiold on Friday was very Buooesaful, The Ballarat mare, Lady Barton, secured the Haudioap Hurdle Raoe, and the ouoe speedy Maokay eaaily disposed of the moderates opposed to him in the Selling Race, his sale yielding the handsome bonus of £110 to the race fund. Haste was a great favourite for the Jtiohfield Handicap, but she met with defeat from Daii- uobb, 1 who was only baoked for a trifle at outside prices. The viotory of the Australian horse Ring master at Leiueater laat week will give great aatisfaotion to believers in the Australian thoroughbred, It will be remembered that this horse was quietly shipped to England last year to the order of Mr. J, E. Bavill Ringmaster was a fair performer. He won the V.A.T.O. Foal Stakes and Oaulfield Guineas, and as a four-year-old, with 7st, 121ba,, he won the Place Handioap at the A.J.G, meeting, His laat performance in Australia was a real good one, for in the Winter Handicap at Geelong he carried 9at, 21b. and finished third to Lesbia, flat, 111b,, The Yeoman, 7st, 31b,, being second. He had to go through the ordeal of a protest, on the ground that he had not been habituallv trained in England, hut it was overruled. The English rule ia as followsNo horse is eligible to he handloapped for any publio raoe unless he shall have been habitually trained in the United Kingdom or have twioe run there during the six preceding months of the raoing season," Ringmaster had been more than the allotted time in England, but be did not run at all last Beaaon, Ringmaster waB bred by Mr. James Wilson's eldest son, at St. Albans, and is by the Victorian ex-ohampion, First King, from Yardley, by Sterling from Hippodamla, from Pelion, A good story ia told of three fellows, one of them a regular " mug," who had plenty of "chips," and waa steered for a game of poker by the other two, oue of whom had a oork leg, It wae agreed upon between thia noble pair that whenever it waa observed that the " mug" held a good hand the one was to noiify the other by sticking him ia the leg with a pin. During the progress of the game the " mug" had several good hands, and the friend waa prompt to lec hia friend know. Singular to relate thia friend con tinued to Iobq heavily until at length he had " buated" hia pooket-book, When the friends joined eaoh other in the street the one who waa u dead to the world " enquired of the other why he had not assisted him iu beating the «' mug" by giving him the signal agreed upon, The friend insisted that he had never lost an opportunity of doing ao, and maintained that he waa oontinnally jabbing the pin into the other's lega. The " other" denied this, and said that he had never felt the prod of the pin. The con federate, in order to oonvinoe him that he had done hia duty, Btruok him with the pin exaotly aa he had done while the players were seated at the table, when the other in indignant tones yelled out: "You idiot, that is my oork leg I" The following remarks with referenoe to short distanoe raoes by John Porter, the English trainer, are well worthy of perusal: -"Under the present Bystem, whereby all the rich prizes are given to two and three, year-old raoes, averaging from five furlongs to a mile and a-half in length, I question whether in a short time we shall have any oup raoes or horaeB to run in them, or jookeya with sufficient judgment and patience to ride them, aa the preponderance of sprint races tenda to do away with that patience and judgment which ia so requisite in long raoes, and whioh has been so notably dis played by jookeya of the old Bchool," An American story records that a gentle man, having lost his dog, made a searoh for it and found it at a store, where it had followed a person who had carried off an umbrella from its master's house, The umbrella was left, the dog keeping guard over it until its owner reaohed the spat, An extraordinary case of sagaoity in a dog is reported by Forest and Stream. The animal in question was sent by railway from PhillipBburg to Williamsport, a distance of 140 miles. A fortnight afterwards it re turned to its former master's house, having traversed the distanoe in a week. Tfee first hjstorlc^l record of ^qrsp.fapfng, as an amusement |n England, is to be found in the reign of Efeniy YJll. At a May party, the King and his brqtlier.in.lftw, the nuke of Suffolk, to the races whioh were gotten up for the amusement of the oompany, History, however, does not record the names of the horses, the judge, the starter, or any other officials, As there were no watohes to speak of in those days it was not probable that the times were taken. The first regular ra,oes were p^tfjb|jshe^ jn the r^ign of Jfqmes I, frizes wsrp offeree), tq the fleetest, weights were fixed, and horses were regnlarly trained. Racing continued to flourish up to Cromwell's time, Ho olosed all the race courses, Old Noll waa not a fanatic him self} pn the oontrary, he kept a stud of thoroughbreds, an4 previously tp tfre out break of thetroubleB,ra^thetft^tUewnarket and elsewhere ; bpt, as fanaticism was the trade by whioh he lived, he yielded to party pressure an4 abolished raojng. goon after the restoration of Charles Ii.-two hundred and twenty eight years ago-that monarch revived racing, and gave plates to be run for in different parts of the kingdom. He sent his Master of the Horse into the Levant where he purchased and took to England a number fif Barb ftpd Tu,t^h mares, and from these have sprung our present thoroughbreds. 