Heine's Deathbed. j By Frederick Vinton. v Henri Heino. pno, of tho most scaptic.il and cynical writers of tho ago, had passed through terrible torments caused by diseaso of tho spinal marrow. One day, as a friend was calling upon him, ho said— " If I could only walk on crutohcs do you know whore I would go f "No," " Straight to the church." " 3Tou jest." " No, no j straight to the church." His .illness continuod, and this is the narrative of another of his friends, who visited him someyoars lator, in 1849: ' I found Hoino in Paris, but in what a Btate ! Ho was lying upon a mattress spread upon tho_ floor. The poor man was almost wholly blind, and his body was a prey to tho most poignant anguish ; his withered arms stretched lifoloss by his side ; his disease in- earablo. His buck, burned in spots by tho surgeons, was ouo sore. Ho seemed the very pjcture i of pain; and yet his fair and noble visage had a strange aspect of peaco and sub mission. He talked of his sufferings as if they wero thoso of another. For a long time I could not understand so much peaco and. resignation in the midst of such an experience, especially in tho case of one who had declared himself an athiost. " He was not long in giving 1110 the ex planation. A stuilo upon his lips, he described to mo yet furthor tho dreadful sufferings ho endured, and, after having said that he should nover got better, lie proceeded in that steady and poworful voico which still remained, despite his utter weakness— " ' My friend, bolievo mo, it is Henri Iloino who tolls you so, after having reflected on it for years, and after liaviug rcconsidored and maturely weighed what has been written 011 this subject by men of all sorts; bcliovo me, I have reached tho conclusion that there is a God who judges our conduct, that tho soul is immortal, and that nftor this life there is another, where tho good is rewarded and the wicked punished. Yes, this is what Henri Heine says, who has so often denied the Holy Ghost. If over you have doubted these grand truths, fling from you those doubts, and learn by my cramp o that nothing but simple faith in God's mercy can sustain, without repining, atrocious pains". Without that faith, convinced as I am that my bodily state is desperate, I should loug since havo put an end to my days." Profoundly moved, 1 soizodhis hand, lie went on: " Thoro aro fools who, after having passed their lives in scepticism and mistake, and denied God in thoir words and uets, have not courage to own that thev are wholly deceived. As for me, I feel com pelled to declare that it is a cursed falsehood which long made me blind. Only at present, I see clearly; and any man who knows 111c uiust confess that it is not because my faculties have become weak, for never was my mind more clear and strong than at this moment." 