CHRISTMAS READING. ? ^» ? ALL ABOUT THE IRISH FAIRIES. '''A' clever American journalist, Mr. E. L. Wftke ' man, has ju.it contributed to a Obic^'go paper a delightfully interesting paper: cU u the Irish Fairy iaivi.' He writes i— Though the owiinary superstitions of tho Irish peasantry may occasionally pos?cs3 a decidedly gruesome and grisly nature, that portion v. hie'u Derfeains to the fairy mythology fit1 Ireland is full x-f revelation of be?ief in the almost universally 'Comforting and friendly agency of every form of 'fairy, elf, jrconie x-r imp. They are, of course, ^possessed of supernatural powers, but no one ever )ieacd o£ art Irish, fairy or imp harming anybody of right motive and life- Indeed, however wide aad deep may be one's study of or a^quaittance with these infcmgible folk of Erin, no instance can be found of printed record from among the ?countless tales of the peasantry regarding their *well-established doings, which could bring dia ?credst upon their conduct, or make of the entire '' wee folk' anght but a benignant allied force of ?other good influences and people. The names of no less than seventy Irish towulands contain 'shee' and its modifications ; while anyone who will tramp about Ireland for a little) or i'o^ that . matter, even glance over its map for half an hour, ?will find names of vales, streams, glens, moun tains, and hillp, in countless numbers, which, in their Celtic form, have for from 1000 to 2000 years been known as this or that ' e£ or from the fairies.' Sheetrim (Sidh-dhruim) or ' fairy iridge,' and the old name of the Eock of Cashel, on which 1 stood but a few days ago, and aLc of six townlandsor1 county Armagh, Knockuasheega (Cnoc-na-sige), near Cappoquin, in county Water ford, is the 'hill of the fairies.' Cirlshecgary is tke name of two townlands in county Sligo, and its Celtic meaning is 'the fairies' forest.' . Ballysakeery, in Mayo, means ' the town of ihe fairy hill.' The Sheebys, a townland in Tip jpexary, means ' THE FAIRY MOUNTAINS.' The Shee hills, in. county Heath, are ' the fairy hills.' Clooneshee, in county Roscomraon, is ' a fairy meadow/ Mullagshee, at Ballyshannon Donegal, ' the hill of the fairy place/ These il lustrations could be multiplied indefinitely, and there will be found names whose original and only present meaning comprehend every imagin able foim of 'i&Ui; or fort of the fairies/ ' the mill of the fairies/ ' the place of the fairies' dance/ 'fairy spring/ ' the glen of the wee folk/ ' the 'burn where the fairies sing/ 'the fairies' pool/ 'the church, of the fairy hill/ ' the fairies' blacksmith, shop/ 'storehouse of the fairies/ *peeble heap of the fairies/ 'the fairies' cavern/ ' the jnines of the fairies/ and I eren found, a few weeks since up among: the misty heights of the Twelve Pins of Bunnebsola in Connemara, a lovely basin-like hollow near the top of wild Ben gower. which the peasants ?cr 2000 years have ?called l-y 'no other name than ' the place where the fairies wed/ In the gradual evolution of the tfaicies of Ireland, that portion of demonology ? {providing malevolent magicians of an impish ?nature ?ias been almost wholly extirpated. The ' £avshfie/ or ' man of the hills/ in ancient times %was a very wicked fellow, indeed, up to all an^nner of wizard harm, and making no disUuc tion whatever between good and bad people in his depredations. So, too, the 'banshee/ or 'woman of the hills/ or 'woman of the fairy mansions/ as she is more pleasantly known to day, was looked upon in olden times as a most vindictive and hurtful female demon. The former has been replaced by a thv-ong oil pleasantman nered imps, possessed of much humour, with an occasional ten fol- practical joking, while nob one in a score would be hardly accused of down right meawuess. The latter has also, while re taining frei* original personality to a degres, baen what might be called THE FAIRY MOTHER 'of an endless brdod of lightsome fairies, who nander no circumstances amny other humans than itbose of evil heart and sordid nature and who are ifull of rewards to the gfnerou?, the sacrificial and 'the good. The banshee itself, as everybody knows, iis that sad-voiced one which, in the nature oi: a Iguardia t». Spirit, comes to certain families of long* ?unbroken line and gives notice by pitiful latnen *fcatfe-n, oft.'n accompanied by the wringing and ?clipping of hands, of approaching death. By those 'who believe in her in Ireland she is sometiimn regarded as a spirit from purgatorial realm?, re leased from penance when the pathetic mission is accomplished; by some she is thought to be a direct envoy from the spirit world ; but by all she is believed to be the temporary persecution of some deceased member of the famiJ.v to which her grievous message is brought. She is ne ver trifled with, slaitled or vexed; for if this should happen T31E BANSHEE ?would never again honour the same family, at least for a generation of time, with its tenderly plaintive presence. All Irish fairies are capable o£ conferring sure benefits, and their power for punishing evil is regarded as boundless. Conse quently they are a folk commanding more than ordinary respect, and they are universally spoken of either in the tender and Cdendly manner of ' our neighbours,' or with that delicate deference ^easy recognizable in the appellation 'of the good people.' Ghosts, phantoms, and demons ?focm ajgoodly part of the fairy phantasmagoria cf Ireland. One of the most hideous of these, ?and yet a fellow of infinite drollery, is the dulla ghan. He is generally found with his head under hU arm, in his pocket, ^or where a number of them are together, flinging it merrily at some other dullagban, or again engaged with it in games of football ; and I fancy Washington Irving had got an inkling of dullagbans bsfore ho jeuned his ininiitible tales of ' Ichabod Crane,' and ' Eip Van Winkle.' I found them curiously occupied in the south-west of Ireland. The Kerry fishermen claim that ones each year, at a certain time o£ the tide, a- ship inarmed with a nameless crew wails thrice round Valentia Island, in search of a former pirate captain, n-ho lost his head and ship in that channel, in an en gagement with Queen Anne;';* forces. Bdllin ,dullagban, in county Bosseommon, v/as a noted haunt of the so odd creatures, and was so .named in. their honour. Druraarraght, in fcouaty Fermanagh, is 'the place of the Spectres,' arraght being Irish for ail apparition. Then thero tuo shirtless goblins* for Lough CHliaganleny, the name of several tiny lakes in Ireland, means nothing more or less than ' the lakes (?}' tho shirtless fellows.' Tobertansa is a cofnn-fihuped well, near Kilnamoona, in Chire; and the !-iguifioati:-n of its Celtic name, Tobar- &?'??? taisc, is the ' well of the ghoot/' Killechna gallivo (Irish, Oillm-ua-ndealbh) in Tipperary, is ' i.iie little v^3 vi fcili of the pbaatoma.' Again there Afa fairies who do nothing but play at e'diUiin, ov hurley, and the fairy fort of Li?f.arbeg» n'igoinniaun, near Corofln, in CU'.re, is simply 'the fort of the little hv.rlers.' The dancing fairies give Lisgriaka its name — the fort of the dancing-, Certain old forts or raths in the South cf Ireland called Lissakeole, mean ' the fort of fairy music.' Wh'le Linsafeedy, from fead, a whistle, is ' tho fort of the whiiling fairies.' The Pooka is a wondtrful spirit of merrimmb and cunning. lu fact, he is the Irish (puca) Puck. He whisks through countless legendary tale?, a ripple of laughter and a gleam of light, andscores of places in Ireland whose names bear his own, or some of its many modifications, attest his uni versal popularity. But of all Irish fairies the moat cxaspjratingiy impish practical joker is TitB LEPRECHAUN. ITtt has many names in Celtic, such as lupraohaun Hiricane, lurrigadane, cluricane,, lupperdane, loughryman, and the correct designation from which all these Corruptions have cooie, luchorpan, from?u 'everything very small,' and corpan, diminutive of cirp, a body. Leprechaun is the name now universally bestowed v\ Ireland upon this merry little sprite. He is still more fami liarly knew!! among the peasantry as 'the little imp ill green.' To a hair's breadth he is jusc twelve inches in height. He is dressed in a little green coat with long, dainty taila, a bright scarlet vest, the prettiest knee breeches of pure velvet you ever beheld, with green silk hose, and low pumps xvith buckles studded with either diamonds or sparkling drops of dew. There is a jaunty baarrhad or cap on his hrad, with the daintiest of dudhenas stuck Under the band at one side, and a j^wel o£ emeralds, in the form of a shamrock, at tile other. A film of lace made from rarest cobweb is gathered at his throat, Another foamy rift of the Fame rolls over I the edges of his little vest, and he wears a wonderful fob or wrought and blazing gold. His eyes are no bigger than, doll's beads, but they are the merriest eyes that evor glistened; his mouth is very large from continual laughter, and his paunch ts something wonderful ^o behold, de veloped into outrageous preportion from the shaking of his sides from uncontrollable meiri ment, all the result of his 'jokes, deceptions, and diversions' upon those who endeavour to use him for gain. Indeed the little fellow seems to embody the idea of an endless torment and scourge to those who permit themselves to become possessed of an unholy greed and avarice. Patient plodding, hard labour, and £-? cheery spirit under deprivation and suffering, are all worthy and true characteristics of the lowly of Ireland. These are surely more or less le warded in various ways by the leprechaun ; but woe to the nordid spirit who endeavours to amass riches through the agency of this *1' LttTLfi kill? )lt 'OllBEN.' His is the po\Ver to give suddeiV and great wealth. He has mills and uriiies and store houses of treasure innumerable. He is to every Irish man, woman, and child as the end ot the seductive rainbow and kettle of gold to our own chilhood's fancy, witli this im portant difference. The. leprechnun is an entity ; an actuality. No one dare deny his pospespicia of nil the treasures necessary to instantly lift one from poverty to power and riches. Thousands of aching Irieh eyes have feasted upon his gorgeous person fmd. tantalizing face. Besides, ycu have the evidence of scores of places iii Ireland being named from his known haunts. Wear the old city oL; Oohi^ in Mayo, there is the Mullenlu pvv3gha\ln cave, or ' the leprechaun's mill/' BTore in former times crood people left their ciekeenu of corn at nightfall, and came the next morning to find them full of meal, ground by the obliging leprechauns during the night-. Only the other day I aseundoi Knoeknatooricann, near Lismore castle, in county Wafer tord. . It is the 'hill of the lootiuauns,*' or '' leprechauns.' Poulalup percadaun is a ''' pool 6f the lepr'echauns,' which ?' I looked into at ih'e edge 'of the itillorglin bog a j few weeks ago, ov^.r iil County ITerry. And then, have net I myself seen many a score of peasant folk, who have told me, as I eat on ths ' stranger's seat' by the hobs o!f their cabins, from Malin Head to Dingle ES.y, of the times when their ; brother or father, or mother, or grandfather, or i g-r. and mother, had hot only seen the leprechaun with .their own two eyes; but had actually caught the little imp ; and but for their great excitement at the ciiticai moment, 'sweet bad luck to them!' would have gained the great treasure ? There is no doubt about this little imp in green. But the conditions of securing bis treasure trove are such that he ahiiost invariably succeeds in defeating you?.1' greed and making you the laugh ing stock oi; a whole county and half another, more power to him for his cuuninur. If vou can catch him and hold him until he is compelled to yield, you will gain all. Or, if you once catch hits eye and never remove your own, you will succeed. But he has a gently-swung back door out of every difficulty. Get both your hands about his big paunch and squeeze him until he is black in the face, and he will whimper, ' Pa'th, an' it's yours, if I can be after tasting' me own breath ?' You loose your grip a little and in a twinkling he has popped out of your hands, ' an' is givin/ yez the five fingers at his beautiful pug nose.' 'Follow him over bog and mountain, through fen and glen, and corner him quite at the peak of cloud cappud Carranhiohill, tho highest mountain in Ireland, and he is more than your match still. ' Well, here wo are thin !' he will exclaim in a tone of praise for your great pluck. ' Where is that treasure ?' you sternly reply, never taking your eyes from his own. ' There behind yer fut, ye gossoon !' You are startled, and suddenly look behind you. The spell is broken. Away speeds the leprechaun with a maddening laugh that crav.es you into shying great boulders after him down the mountain side ; aud you return to your every-day labours shamed into contentment with patient effort and slower gams. And thug this little Irish imp ia green ever reproves avarice denies greed, and chastens the envious and dis cosrifceutecl into honest effort; ftfivj lives, 