CALVIN-STREET UNITED METHO ' VIST CHURCH ANNIVERSARY. The anniversary of the United Methodist Church, Calvin-street, was celebrated yester day, when the church was crowded at all three services. In. the morning the Rev. W. Williams officiated, and in the afternoon the Rev. H. Yeo. The Rev. E. Turner conducted the evening service, and preached an able sermon from the Acts of the Apostles, 9th chapter, Gth verse, "And he trembling arid astonishing said, Lord, what wilt thou have me to do ? And the Lord said unto him, arise and iro into the city and it shall be told thee what thou must do/' What a monument, of. an apostle that! said the preacher. How changed the character and how dif ferent -in employment. Prior to his con version Saul was the terror of the'Church. of Christ. When he became changed in heart and life he became au able defender of the faith. Lord Lytton believed that Saul's conversion was one of the greatest evidences in favor of the Gospel. It certainly , illustrates the inherent power that there is in the Gospel. When Saul had the revelation well might he say "Lord what wilt thou have me to do V" The darkness before his eyes disappeared, and the mental and moral darkness disappeared with it. Hence forth he went and . preached Christr as the Lamb of God, that taketh.away the sin of the world. Saul's conviction had several characteristics. One was that his conviction was very sudden in its nature. The word "suddenly " occurred in the third verse.of the same chapter, indicating how quickly the con viction was wrought in Saul. There are a few in the theological world that even pooh-pooh sudden conviction, and yet there are many examples in the "word of light." Saul, through a mental vision, saw a woman coming to a well that he desired to preach the Gospel to, and she said, "I perceive that thou art a prophet; no man could tell me of my inner life without the power of God." She was suddenly seized with a conviction-suddenly converted and preached the Gospel of Christ' to. the neighbors that were acquainted with the former part of her life. 3,000 were suddenly con victed and the same number converted. He (the preacher) was prepared to ad mit that convictions" do not always lay hold of men. That was his own experience. His connection of the faith was of a very slow growth from the state of his mind. He had to grope and grope until the truth as it is in Christ dawned upon him and he grasped it, and from that day to this blessed be the Divine name, he had held it in his heart and he had had no need to be re-converted. What he wanted to show was the grand possibility of a sudden connec tion being wrought by the Holy Ghost. Xliey had seen many conversions which were shallow and superficial. There was no overwhelming evidence of conversion, but with Saul the evi dence was overwhelming. Are convictions always productive of good results? This, unfortunately, is not the case, many of his hearers had felt that they ought, to be identified with the people of, God, but thiere is a will power which at present is stronger than the conviction that is wrought in them. Oh! may the eternal God work on that con viction so that they might exclaim with; Saul " Lord what wilt thou have me to do ?" Where there is a true conviction wrought it will beget a submissive spirit. Look at Saul from . the persecutor of Christ's followers, his character was changed to the meek and gentle disciple of Christ, and said "Lord what wilt thou have me to do ?" In conclusion, the preacher earnestly besought all his hearers convinced of sin to believe in Christ, in the Divine personality, and the eternal spirit, and they would reap their reward in heaven. The choir sang hymns specially chosen for the occasion very nicely. 