‘ftovdtst. The Midnight Prophecy OR, HEIR OF STRATHSPEY TOWERS. By Emma Garrison Jones. CHAPTER XIV. TILE PLOT THICKENS. Rcvenoaks nnd Cavendish Manor, as we before stated, were contiguous, and were two as line estates as the county contained. The manor belonged to Lady Drummond for her life-time, and it was her custom to visit the old place once or twice a year. It was therefore quite opportune that Lord Strathspey and his party were going to Sevcnoaks, as Lady Cecilia was quite anxious to make one of her annual visits. She at once caused ' Sir Varney, who was. a most dutiful and obedient husband, to dispatch invitations to their numerous friends, to meet them at the manor for the shooting season ; and at her suggestion the Earl of Strathspey did the same thing Accordingly, when they reached the end of their journey, the earl’s party found a gay assemblage of friends await ing them. Wc arc going to have a delightful season,” remarked Lady Drummond, “ ami you may t.hank me for it, my lord ; you and Sir Varney would have moped here all alone, and popped your solitaay guus, if I had not come to the rescue. Men are so absurdly stupid I” My lady showed her white teeth in a Hashing smile, as the earl handed her into a carriage that was to convey her to the manor, and put out her white jewel : led hand to bid him farewell. . “ I shall expect to see a great deal of you at the manor,” she said, adding, with a peculiar look in her eyes and a faint suggestion of regret in her voice ; “ you used to like the manor years ago.” “ And 1 like it yet-,’’ replied the earl, gallantly; “and shall certainty avail myself of your kind invitation. Of course you’ll not wait to be invited to Sevcnoaks you and Sir Varney.” The pleasant, good-natured, unsus picious baronet bowed, while his flashing lady replied: “Not I, my lord earl; i always go wherever I please, and it will certainly please me to come to SeveBoaks. 13ut I’ve fallen into shocking habits of late ; you know how I gallop? Well, I shoot, too 1 I shoot pheasants, my lord 1” The earl did raise his eyebrows in well bred surprise, and the gay. countess broke into a ringing laugh. “And I follow tha hounds,” she con tinued, and indulge in all- manner of masculine pleasuaes, Sir Varney likes it, but you are shocked, my lord ?” Sir Varney smiled indulgently on the bewitching creature who bore his namo nnd title, and Lord Strathspey protested gallantly that nothing her ladyship pleased to do could shock him. 61S '■ Meanwhile, the countess and her two children, and their two nurses, waited patiently in the Sevcnoaks’ carriage, Colonel Chudlcigh and his wife and several other friends having driven on ahead. “ How my Lord Strathspey do admire Lady Drummond,” whispered. Lela to Judith, with a peculiar expression in her black eyes. Judith gave her a nudge. “ Why don’t you hush ?"ehesaid, “and tend to Lord Angus. He’s tearing the trimming from his coat.” Hut Lela was not to be silenced. “Only watch- him, Judith,” sin con tinued, in a loud whisper; “his very eyes dance as he looks at her ! And she be a very lovely woman, my Lady Drum mond. What a pity the countess ain’t like her.” “ Will you hold your tongue ?” re turned Judith, gathering Lady Pearl in her arms and moving to the opposite “How savage you are, to be sure,” continued Lela; “t’ain’t no harm I’m say ing, I’m sure, and everyone knows it. The coachman was speaking about it last niglit, and he says tha; the earl and Lady Drummond used to be lovers, and that—” “ Shut up, I say 1” snapped Judith, her brown eyes fairly blazing, for, glanc ing over at her mistress, who reclined amid the cushions, she saw that she was as white as death, with a wild and terri iicd look in her lovely eyes. She had heard the nurse’s idle words, if idle tlicy were, and an awful fear thrilled every fibre of her being. What if it were so ? She remembered the old report that the earl had once ad mired Cecilia Cavendish, and how' his father’s inexorable edict had forbidden his boyish admiration. What if the old fancy still lived 1 In her terrible pre-occupation, she had not noticed her husband, or ever dreamed of such a tiling. She watched him now with all her tortured soul in her eyes. He was standing in the afternoon sun light, his noble head bared, his line face all aglow with pleasure and admiration, as lie looked up and listened to some gay speech Lady Drummond was making. Presently the lady extended her slender hand, and the earl kissed it, bowing pro foundly. “Good-bye, Lady Strathspey,” cried Lady Cecilia at that moment, as the carl turned and left her. “ I shall expect you to drive over to the manor every day.” The countess nodded and smiled—oh, such a wan, sad smile !—and made room for her beside her husband. He settled himself down with an air of enjoyment, taking his son from Lela and establishing him on his knee. “Now, Sanford, drive like the wind,” he called. “ I’m anxious to sec the old place again. Do rouse up a little, Mar guerite,” addressing his wife, “and look at Sevcnoaks Towers in the setting sun light ; it is really annoying to have you always moping so.” The countess obeyed. She roused up, and looked at Sevcnoaks’ Towers, and smiled and talked with a strange glitter in iter eyes and a hectic bloom on her cheeks, and in her heart, deep in her heart, that poisoned, rankling thorn that the nurse’s imprudent words had im planted. The manor gentry were dining at Sevcnoaks, a few days after, aud to gether with the carl’s guests, they made a large and brilliant party. All day the men had been popping at the pheasants in the west copice, while the ladies dozed over French novels in the cool drawing-rooms ; but the clashing of the old tower bell-had called them all together, and now in tlieir best array they occupied the great drawing-room that opened into the dining hall.' The long table, with its spotless damask and glittering glass and silyer, was already laid, and through the gor geous streamed the red, August sunlight, making the swinging chandeliers, and costly goblets, and gilded vases, gleam and glitter as if wrought of precious stones. The Countess of Strathspey occupied a sofa at the extreme end of the drawing room, with Colonel Chudlcigh on one hand and Sir Varney Drummond on the She was magnificently robed in a blue silk dinner dress, elaborately trimmed with old point, and in her ears and at her throat burned tlio old Strathspey dia monds. Her wondrous golden hair lay over her fair brow in countless little shining curls and her cheeks glowed like the heart of a blush-rose, while her eyes, her lovely sapphire eyes, fairly dazzled one with the splendor of their feverish brightness. Hover in all her life had Marguerite, Countess of Strathspey, looked more beautiful, or felt more wretched. At the other end of the long and magni ficent apartment, in an embrasure of one of the stained windows, sat Lady Drum Slic wore a dress of some light, gold hued fabric, that brought out in wondrous perfection all the glorious tints of her IIebe-like face, and her Mack braids and her heavy curls were held in place by thick bands of red Indian gold. Cleopatra herself never looked more regal than did* my Lady Cecilia, sitting beneath the gorgeous glow of the richly stained glass. Lord Strathspey bent over her chair, his face glowing and animated. She was turning the leaves of a landscape folio, talking to the earl in the raean “ I’m going to shoot to-morrow,” she said, with an arch smile ; “ so yon must come to the manor. I’m anxious to dis gust you, my lord. I always was a tom j boy, you know. Do you remember, [ Angus-” site began ; then, wi!h a blush', and drooping lids—“ iny lord, I mean. I beg a thousand pardons. Thinking of the old days made me forget; but do you remember whit rare mornings' | we used to have, galloping to cover down on Willow Heath? Ah, me!” Lady Cecilia sighed, and seemed not to hear tlio earl’s assurance that lie did re member. Presently she continued, as if half to herself : “ Such rare mornings! Dear, dear, what a pity we cannot be always young and happy! This humdrum married life is wry prosy, don’t you think so, my “ Well, I don’t know,” replied the f ar), with a laugh ; “ I have not found, mine so very prosy, but I dare say you know best, Lady Drummond." “ Of course I do,” oiting her scarlet lip with vexation, but bushing travlr; j “ and, apropos of prosiness, wc' are to have a ball over at ‘ The Cedars.’ Lady Varney drove over yesterday to tell mo. The cards go out to-ir orrow, and it comes off on the twenty-ninth—a real fancy affair—bal masque, you know ! You’ll, not find any prosiness there, I’ll promise you. And now, do guess who’s to be the lion,” she added innocently, but with a sudden flasn in her Spanish eyes. “I'm sure I’ve no idea whatever,unless you mean yourself,’ replied the earl. _ - “ Myself ! Oh, yon stupid! Meaning myself. I sltould have said queen ! Who’s to be the lion, 1 say ? Who, indeed, but Colonel Gilbert Vemcy, Lady Verney’s brother, just come home from India; and, begging your pardon, my • lord— your wife’s old lover—a charming man. You had better look out for yourself, my lord earl.” Something in tho insinuation, and in her ringing laugh irritated Lord Strath spey. He frowned and bit his lip. . “I can’t see what I have to fear from Colonel Gilbert Vemey,” ho replied, “ Can’t you continued tho lady, in a teasing tone. “ Lady Strathspey is a charming woman, and old coals are soon rekindled. Tho earl almost involuntarily glanced across at his wife. She was a charming womau indeed, and more charming, he thought, at that moment, than he had ever seen her before—she, who a day or two ago, had been so languid and listless. What could be be secret of the sudden change? “ Only look at her now—the countess, I mean !” continued his companion, who had followed his glaucc, “ is sho not glorious ? Such a change ! Down in the Tyrol she was like a ghost. What is the secret, I wonder ? I can scarcely believe her the same person.” “ She’s like the rest of her sex, whimsical and changeable,” replied tho earl. “Not so my lord,” retorted Lady Cecilia, half in earnest, half in jest; “wo women always have motives, especially where our good looks arc concerned. Lot me read the riddle for you. Colonel Vcrney calls this evening. The countess herself told me, not an hour ago, that she expected him. Cau’t you sec, my lord ? I warned you to take care!” And again her wicked, teasing laugh rang out. For tho life of him, Lord Strathspey could not conceal his vexation. He was just blind and simple enough to suffer thi3 arcli-cnchantress to win her object, which was to rouse his jealousy and sus picion in regard to his wife. Those British peers are only human after all, despite their noble blocd and high-sound ing titles, and as week and as full of foibles, a goodly number of them, as the lowliest peasant that pays them homage. Angus, Earl of Strathspey, was no excep tion. Though a good and generous man, and pretty shrewd, he was no without his failings. Being the thirteenth earl of Strathspey Towers did not make him per fect by any means. He glauced across, a second time, at his wife, in her shimmering laces and diamonds, her face bright with feverish expectation, and a sudden thrill stirred his heart, ll'fls it because this Indian colonel was coming, that she had bloomed out so V He knew the story of Gilbert Verney’s early love for Lady Marguerite of Auk land Oaks. He was only a young guards man then, and he was very desperate when he found there was no hope for him, and talked a good deal about blowing his brains out, but concluded to go with liis regiment to India instead. And hero ho was back again, a colonel, and a bachelor still. • Lord Strathspey gnawed at his mous tache, and watched nis beautiful countess with covert glances. Poor, blind Lord Angus, lie could not see, ho could not dream, and there was no friend’s tongue to whisper him the truth, that his poor, loving, constant wife, stung by cruel jea lousy, had thrown off her lethargy, her terrible sorrow, and by an effort almost superhuman, had bloomed out in all the beauty she possessed, hoping to hold his love, her dearest treasure, which she saw, with a woman’s quick perception, was slipping from her. Her husband did not dream of this, which Lady Cecilia well enough knew, and her wicked eyes gleamed with triumph as she watched the earl’s moody face, and saw that her random arrow had struck home. But the clanging of the great dinner bell brought this little side-play to an abrupt close, and the earl and his guests filed through the glittering rooms, and sur rounded the magnificent board, allsauvity, and smiles, and honeyed words, too well bred and self-possessed to betray even a suggestion of bitter and torturing passions that filled their hearts. 