THE MYSrERY OF MADRAS VILLA Br JOHN K. LETS, Author of " The Lindsays," 4c. PART ML—THE DISCOVERY. CHAPTER VI. AS ESC IPS. To her pun and surprise Hilda soon found that she need expeot no farther sympathy from Mrs. Thompson. There was no contemptuous look on her face now when Mr. Carter's name was mentioned—only a dull Indiffeience, as if Hilda most, of course, resign herself to the inevitable. About a fortnight after Cohen's visit to Newbridge, Mrs. Thompson and her charge were seated one day in their little private sitting-room, when it was announced that Mr. Carter was in the drawing-room, and had asked to see Miaa Trevelyan. He was growing anxious. The time was drawing near when it wonld be too late to claim Mr. Hurst's estates, stock', and shares in the character of his grand-niece's husband—the beqaest in favour of the new College would take effect. He did not approve of his confederate's policy of delay, and determined to make another attack upon Hilda on Us own account. The part was rather a humiliating one, but sorely, when so orach was at stake, he. a man of the world, one of the best matches in the neighbourhood, could coax a simple girl like Hilda Trevelyan into accept- Inghis hand. When Hilda heard that Carter was within a |ew yards of her, waiting to see her, she flashed scarlet, and only waited till the servant had left the room before she burst out— " I won't see him! Oh, Mrs. Thompson, I oan't see him." "Nonsense, my dear," said Mrs. Thompson coolly; " what are yon afraid of ?" " I don't know; I don't want to see Mr. Carter. Mrs. Thompson, he oan't make me marry him if I don't want to ?" The poor child was trembling from head to foot " Nobody la talking of marriage bat yoareelf," said Mrs. Thompson, somewhat severely. "Perhaps he doesn't mean to ask yon again. Leave that to take care of itself. Yon have only to be polite to him." " But I oan t go in—indeed I can't." K I will go in with you," said the matron, rising. "Come along,you foolish girl; you have nothing to be afraid of." " And yon won't leave me ?—you won't leave me alone with him ? Promise me that, dear Mrs. Thompson." " Very well, I won't," she replied, shortly, after a moment's consideration. She saw there was no use in pushing thingB too far at first. The interview was not such a very terrible one as Hilda had anticipated. 8he felt safe so long as another of her own sex was beside ber, and Carter was too obtuse to notice the girl's agitation. After a while she slipped oat of the room, and stayed away so long that Carter fonnd himself forced to rise. " Isn't Miss Trevelyan coming back ?" he asked, with a frown on his face. H I think not. There is no use in trying to foroe her. Leave it to me," added Mrs. Thompson, as she rose. Carter stared at her and reddened. He bad neither expected nor desired help from her, and it wounded his vanity to think that raoh help was necessary. Mrs. Thompson stood and enjoyed his oonfaslon. "Idon't want to force the—the young lady," he said roughly. "I'm a plain, straightforward man. I mean to ask her to marry me. If she doesn't—well, so much the worse." And so saying he got his hat and took himself off. " If he only weren't such an oaf!" thought Mrs. Thompson to herself as she went upstairs. She was disgusted at the work she had undertaken to do—disgusted with her employer, Carter, and with herself; and not unnaturally she found it a relief to lay the blame upon Hilda. "She knocked loudly at the door of Hilda's bedroom, and the poor child was forced to open it. " What a goose yon are !" Bhe cried as she closed the door behind her with a bang. " One wonld think somebody wanted to murder yon. What have yon been crying your eyes out for ?" " Oh. Mrs. Thompson he does mean to ask me again," oried Hilda, clasping her hands, "IfeStureof It 1" "And what If he does ? Is there anything anil anal or unnatural in that J" "Bat I don't love him." " Nonsense I Who has been patting these silly romantic notions into your head? Not I. I am sure. Why, many girls don't love their husbands, not particularly, I mean, ontil after they are married; and then they an happy enough. " Bat you spoke yourself, only a short time ago, as if—as If" " Yes; bat that was because I wasted to discourage your forming an attachment, when I didnt know what yonr father might think of it. Now that he has said he approves of Mr. Carter, and indeed wishes yon to many him, it is a very different thing. Isn't it now?" Hilda was forced to acknowledge that it did make a differenoe. "Of course it does: and I think you'll bave to obsy yonr father, sooner or later, fiat never mind it now. Bathe your eyes, my dear, and pat on your hat. We will go and take a walk on the holt; the air will do yon good." " Are you sure we won't meet Mr.?" "Of course not, ohild; what a goose yon an !" oried Mrs. Thompson, half angrily, as art left the room. It was not many weeks before Mr. Richard Carter found his way once more to Snowdon {Jottage—this time with Mr. Cohen's full approval The time was getting dangerously short. " Now, listen to me, Hilda," said Mrs. Thompson, as soon ar she heard that he was in the house. " I'm going to advise you for yoar good. It is plain that your father is set upon this marriage, and that yon must yield sooner or later. It is not as if yon cared for any one else. Why not Mr. Carter as well as another? You will be far happier, have far more liberty and enjoyment of yonr life as a married woman than you have now. Do be sensible and give in at once, It is only natural that yon should be shy; but that maybe carried too far. The sooner it is over the iapHpier you will be. Take my advioe, and if Mr. Carter says anything to you, don't say either yes or no; just say he must speak to your father. Come now, let us go in." She took the cold hand of the unresisting girl and drew her into the room. After a few minutes of desultory conversation Mrs. Thompson slipped out and waited anxiously in the next room. As for Hilda, she sat like a statue, not daring to lift her eyes. She was hardly conscious of what was said to her. She only knew that Mr. Carter was renewing his offer. Then his voioe ceased, and she knew that she mast say something. To say "yes" was impossible. To say " no" was only to continue the persecution and misery she was enduring. Better take Mrs. Thompson's advioe, she thought. It wonld at least gain time. She oontrlved to say something which oonveyed her meaning, and with this her lover seemed perfectly satisfied. He tried to take her hand, but she shrank back so far that he was forced to abandon the attempt, and after trying to covet his defeat by sayiag one or two things which he Intended to be agreeable, he left the room. He was too anxious now about the safety of the stake he was playing for to care for a trifle like this. At the street- door Mrs. Thompson overlook him, and In answer to her enquiring look he smiled. " It Is all arranged then?" she asked. "I believe so—with Co—the consent, I mean, of Mr. Trevelyan." Then he seemed to be aware that In sqme way he was indebted to Mrs. Thompson for hissaooeM. "I am aare I am very maoh obliged to yon," he added; " and I hope some day, when the ceremony is performed, to acknowledge it" Mrs. Thompson made him an ironio&l; bow as she opened the door for him. She could guess what his promisee wonld be worth after the ceremony. When she returned to the drawinn-room the found that Hilda had ied to her own room, and thinking it beat to leave her alone for the present, she forebore to trouble her. Later in the afternoon she reoelved a message to the effect that Miss Trevelyan bad a headache, and wonld not oome down to tea. Mrs. Thompson's conscience smote her ; bat what could she do ? she asked herself. If •he had refused to carry out the instructions she had reoelved, another wonld have been found to do it, less sorupnloas and harsher than herself. Sooner or later she saw that the girl would have been foroed into the marriage. She was sorry for her, but it could not be helped. She went and knooked at Bilda's door, bat did not insist upon entering. She sent np some tea and a slice of toast: bat they came back untested. As for Hilda, she was lying face downwards across her bed, in an agony of misery and fear. Biohard Carter she positively loathed. When he was with her, her whole nature seemed to shrink into itself, like a flower on a frosty night. An hoar ago she had tried to persuade herself that if she appealed to her father, he might have compassion on ber; but now that •he remembered the cold, tyrannous look, the resolute words, with which he answered her at the railway station, she felt that there was no hope in an appeal to him. What was she fo do ! Ignorant of the world and of the ex- tent of a father's legal power over his child, the vague threats of the consequenoes of her father's anger had sunk deep into her mind, and produced a strong Impression, all the etronger that the threats were vague and undefined. What was she to do ? Ban away from her father ? At first she shrank from the idea; but as it became familiar to her, she began to think that it might be the best thing she could do. Where could she flee 7 Her sister, she bad been told, was dead. Her grandfather would no doubt be offended at her leaving him; but surely he could not refase her a shelter. She wonld rather take the plt ace of a kitchen-maid than submit to this hat tefnl marriage. With trembling hands she opened her desk and drew ont her little store. A sovereign and one or two shillings. That was all. But it would be enongh to carry her to London. A moment's consideration told her that she must not attempt to stir before Mrs. Thompson and her servant had gone to bed. It wonld be too late then to catoh the train in connection with the night mail; but that could not be helped; and in any case she thought it would not be safe to go to the station at Newbridge, where she was perfeotly well known. She must walk as far as Donnerby—ten mUes off—and take_ the early morning train, whioh wonld bring her to London about noon. It was a long walk, but she wonld have the whole night to do it in. Trembling from head to foot, the friendless girl began her little preparations. She pat on a thick dress and thick boots; packed a few necessaries in a small handbag; and then sat down to wait till the honse should be quiet. The hours seemed as if they would never go by, bat at last she heard Mrs. Thompson go np to her own bedroom and shat her door. Then she . waited another hour, and then she pat on her hat and jacket and softly opened her door. All was perfectly still as Hilda groped her way down the narrow staircase. Onoe a board cracked nnder her feet, and her heart stood still. She had nearly rashedon to the onter door, with the idea of gaining the road before an alarm could be raised, but her limbs failed her, and as no sound reached her from the direction of Mrs. Thompson's bedroom, she crept softly on once more. At last she reached the outer door, and without mnch trouble drew the bolts. But how was she to turn the key in the rusty look without making a noise that wonld echo through the silent honse ? After a moment's thought she fetched a large thick shawl; in it she muffled the whole lock, and then holding the key in it turned it slowly with both her hands. It yielded with less noise than ehe had expected; she replaced the shawl, opened the door, closed it behind her, ranBwiftly down the strip of lawn that her footsteps might not be heard in the gravel, and in another moment was on the open, silent highway. She was free! For the first few miles Hilda knew her way perfectly well, and then she began to wonder what she would do if she oame to a crossroad. She bad forgotten that in the middle of the night Bhe wonld not meet any one who oould direct her. Before long she came—not to a cross-road, but what was worse—to a place where the road itself seemed to eplit, and go half of it in one direction and half of it in another. What should she do ? For the first time her heart failed her ; she wonld have liked to sit down nnder the hedge and cry. But ehe knew she mast not eive way. She stopped and listened. Not a sound met her ear. She might have been alone in the world. There was a finger-pos but it was quite useless; there was no moon, and she conld not see to read its directions. At last, rather than stand still, she chose the right-hand road, and went on her way. Mile after mile went by, and still she seemed no nearer her destination. And now the dawn was breaking, and the birds were chirping in the hedge-rows. The cattle rose from their dewy beds and stared at her; they seemed dim and ghost - like in the morning mist. "Ob, how I wish I had waited at the finger-post till now!. Why did I not think o it? Shall I go book ?" She turned and walked a mile or two in the contrary direction, and then she stopped. She was too tired, she felt, to go back to the signpost, and then on to Donnerby without a rest. (To be continued.) 