: , C. E. S. ENTERTAINMENT. : The Castlemaine Ethiopian berenoaers made a second, nppoarailco in the Theatre. Royal last uigbt.forthe benefit of the widow and family of the late Mr J. R. Webb. I11 the circle there Were 11 performers, inclusive of Messrs Rowo aild )Veda ns :. bones, "atid Messrs M'Ewnn and Hall, 'ns!ta'mbo's, who firbd off many conundrums, most of which wore .tie w, 'but they would have been improved by. a greater variety ip form and by -more; dilution,1 '"The Borough Council came in' fbr q foiv sninrt' bits;': expe'cially about tj)e keroAene lamps At tlith.crhssihg by the/Telegraph Bridge; 'now ibo'ing 'erected, t.whiclr werii'so dim that lucifer matches had "to" be used for discover ing the ; wlibreubouts of Hba dull, illuminators. The interlocutor; Mr' Sitiipsori, did his part well in keepiii'g 'up ThiB.'play 'of fUui llr tho oircle selections, ihere 'ivero''' eight numbers; five of whiCh'wdre biilhtds/rendered With' 'gbod voiiia by Messrs. ' SauitderS', " Tiifcivdrt h;J De LiAlC; ' Groli- brugj»b,' 'aiid Sijbjison.' :The coiitributora Id tile cotiiie' iii iis'o were ' MesaiB. " Wedd,' Rbwe,' Htid M'Eivan, nil ; of wlioiii 'ivcre iH fiivbur by tlie laughter they called ;fprth.: - The orchestra nuiri- bering eiglit, uuder the'contluctorBhip of Mr A.' Howsoii, assisted 1 by; Mr Nprtlfcolt, played the opoiiitig -overture- of .Florentine in a plensiug style; ;Mr -Northoott'' also contributed to the harmony in; the- acconipaniments and refrains. An; nbsurd;;formihati6ii, "introducing ' a ghost. bWUglit -the /'first'. part' ;bf the performaiice to a close. 'The :secbifil -portion ; wit A' opened by the Foundry : Band,1, under Mr Northcptt, pluyitig '.thp'5pri'i.'/" Prii'.of;.WA!«(.;!, in a. highly creditable.; manlier. ; 'Tliis; w-aA' followed ,by a character' song, very' eleverly rendered by Mr Jasi Goovge— a parodoJy on " The Englishman." An - encore i . was responded to, after which bame. 'thitt, rare comodiau in, song and daiice, Mr -H. , Puhner, ?. whose ; grotesque - gestures - and comicalities kept" the house in a roar. He -emerged oh b of li is f U rni t u'rb ipatterned ' trousers into the, form of n dancer, and stopped it out brlskljr;' : Mr "TuxWortb'"niade a success : so marked in rcndpriiig a ballad, " Qaeen of tlie earth,'" that lie was' called -upon for an encore, .and,, he ( gratified -his, appruciators. A statue dance, introduced by Messrs Hall, Wedd and Grojibruggo, , was., neatly executed, and many graceful, attitudes formed-, representing statuary. The novelty was one of the most graceful and enjoyable .. that \ the troupe produced. The farcical sketches comprised pugilistio troubles by Messrs Nowton, Hall and Todd, and the Banjoists by Messrs McEwan, Wedd and Rowe, concluding with a farce in wliieh the characters wero assumed by nine members. Before it commenced Mr Grohbruggo executed a clog dance, Mr Rowe indulged in specialities, and Mr Simpson made an agreeable break in tho ridiculous by li spirited rbiideririg of the ' Gallants of England." The attendance iii tho pit and stalls was largo, so thCro should bo a satisfactory account to render finntioinlly of the efforts of the Serenaders, whoso capability of amusing a Castlemaine audience was tested, and proved so satisfactbtji that they .will have a welcome when Again. appearing in the Theatre. 