NOTANDA. Tnu 74th anniversary of the birth of the foremost man upon the stage of colonial politics, Sir Henry Parkes, which occurred on Monday last, must bring before every thinking mind the frail thread upon which a country's destinies may hang. Healthful and vigorous as the premier is known to be, he has already passed man's allotted ago, and his passing away at any moment may not unreasonably be calculated upon, whilst even the moot hopeful amongst nou will lool around in vain for one upon whose shoulders his mantlo will worthily descend. The last of the giants tile old man stands; those who conld fitly measure swords with him have all gone to their rest; some with their harness still on, some worn with years had given up the tnsk beforo Azraol had summoned them; but all save one, Sir John Robertson, have preceded him to the great shadow land. It is no disparagement to the men of to-day, those who have served in the votoeran's camp, to assert that amongst them all there is no neccessor to Sir Henry Parkoe, the light and leader of the liberal cause, a statesman every inch of him. When his life and deeds come to be matter of history neither will be found to be without blemish. His mistakes have been many, opportunities he has neglocted which men of lesser minds would have easily grasped; but with all the failings and ahort comings which may be reookoned against him the name nod fame of floenry Parkes can never be other than great-the noblest Ioman of them all. That is a decidedly queer custom prevailing amongst the Persians with regard to marriage-a temporary union, usually lasting three weeks or a month, the contracting parties separating thle best of friends after the romantio episode; tie proper ceremonies or rites, it must be remembered, having been gone through, just as if the union were for life. The oddest part of the odd engagement in that rarely if ever is any kind of ill-feooling engendered, the parents and friends of the bride of a few weeks ac copting the whole thing in good faith. It would be hardly safe to try tie experiment amongst a more progressive people than thoso dwelling at "the gates of day," nleo there would be leess demand for divorce courts. One of the objections urged against the imposition of ad valorem duties in that they afford opportunity and encouragement t the fraudulent under-valuing of articles inported. To provide against thin the oustome oflicers are nuthorised to take the goode at the valuation set upon them, with some olight addition (ton per cent. generally), and to sell them on behall of the state; but this is seldom availed of, and thero is overy reason to believe that many dis honest merhobants continuously undervalue their imports. In Mollbourne recently neventy-four pianos and three organs were seized by the customs as under valued. Adding ten per cont. to the importer's valuation the amount given to them was £2658 12/1, and when the instruments wore sold by auction they brought £3?24 10/, showing a profit to the state, after deducting expenses, of £785 17/11. Since writing theabove I have found the following in the Argus: -"The commissioner of customs has had under consideration the case of a recent attempt to defraud the revenue on tile part of a German named Wydler, whoso business connections are in Sydney. Wydler some days ago forwarded a large quantity of silks and cashmeres to Melbourne at a valuation loss than half of what was considered to be their true value. The goods, which were estimated to be worth beataween £2,000 and £8,000, wore detained, and Wydler has since admitted his offence. The goods have been ordered to be returned to him on payment of the extra amount of duty to which they are liable-£150-and, in addition he has boon fined £500." Some newspaper writers seem to think their pro spects of suacess are bout secured by vilifying their rivals I Tile delicate sensibilities of theso gentlemen will be ehocked to learn that at North Shore one of the local newspaper proprietors has been committed for trial criminally for a libel on the editor of his contemporary. The magistrate, Mr. Marsh, strongly condemned the tone used by both parties, and said that defendant would have been justified, particu larly in one case, in taking proceedings himself. He had however taken the law into his own hands by making his own paper tie vehicle of retaliating and publishing a libel as bad, or worse. If tile Sydney IIerald in half an profitable as is gonorally supposed, its propriotors ought to ocanre, at least for its loading columns, writers who have a fair acquaintance with English grammar. What will your readers think of the enclosed extract from a leader of a few days ago 7-" The tendency of a section of thle modern youth is to have no respootfor persons, institutions, or things; and he seems to lose no opportunity of ahowing it." So a sootion is a he, is hote? and the osection loses no opportunity of showing what he does not posseas I An intelligoent foreignoer once observed that the English language appeared to contain only one adjective-the word " sploudid." We may almost add that it contains but one adverb--" awfully." According to the dictionary "awoe" signifies "fear mingled with reverence; solemn dread." So0 when a youth says the jokes of a circus clown were " awfully funuy" he in effect says they inspired " fear mingled with reverence I" Surely the contom plation of such " miraculous" things is " quite too awfully jolly I " The present time naseems a sort of "transitory stage" through which the Euglish language is pass ing. By-and-by I e uppose the meaning of every word will be entirely different from Its present signi. fication, in this respect following in the stops of the - verbs "to let" and "to prevent," Who does not recollect the story of the actor who in playing Hamlet said, as per his test, "By heaven I'll make a ghost of him that lots me," whereupon one of the audience called out, " And what will you do it he won't let you?" We are constantly reading in the writings of those great offenders, the reporters of the newspaper press, about" miraculous " escapee, "unpreceadeanted" and "unexampled and phenomenal" floods, and so on. But one generally finds that the so.called miracle is a very ordinary and natural occurrence. For in taoceo a man crossing a bridge makes a false step and falls; and because he does not go over it he " escapes death by a miracle :" the wonder would be if death or oven severe injury followed, seeing that ha did not go over; and there is no greater miraclb in falling a foot on the side of safety than a foot on the side of dauger. So the recent rain which has fallen in tile county of Oumberland is said to be "unprecedented," while if any one examines the records he will find it" has often boon equalled and exceeded, while as to damage to property, that is not to be compared with what has several times before occurred, and would scarcely have beeoon worth talking about except for the fatuity that led folks to build houses in low.lying situations where the natural conformation of the ground ought tohave made them avoid doing any such wild thing. Oone thing seems certain. Sir Henry Parkos has such a strong objection to overything that is "unprecedented" that if the recsnt rain had really Ithreatanod to become so be would have stopped it some way or other-by parliamuentary resolution perhaps. An he is premier of the coloey, I suppose he hlas the power, for I recollect reading the Gover nore's speech opening parliament many years ago, when the mioistry in power took credit to themselves for the prosperity which had followaed on "pro pitious seasons i" I read the other day that the fire brigade in one of our districts had resolved not to work at tires on promisaos inured in ollicos that refused to pay their contributioes to the local boards. This seems an ex treme stop; but there can be no doubt it is meeting out strict justice to the insurance companies. There is nus one profits by having olicient brigades more than these bodies, and thie law very properly enacted that they should be liable to contribute to the funds of the boards in equal proportion with the govern moet and the borough couoncils. Availing themselves however of eome technicalinaccuracies in the manner in whichl the act is worded they have for some time dichouourably and dishonestly refused to contribute. If the brigades generally resolvo to retaliate as this one has done, the companios may as well closo their oilices in New South Wales, for when the choico lies bctweeon having the help of the brigades when firos occur and doing without it, thero can be little difflor once of opinion as to how people will decide, Iwe Wne heraly to oionrt in thli colmu paragrophs sent by ooutribntore--ef coeeca nunlht to edieorial noninsoll 