; SUPREME COURT. (lief ore I lis Honor the Chief Justice, Sir Ohnrtcs Lilley, and Juries of t;2.) < , \- ; (StiaoNU Day, wisiiniwiiay.) ' ; cai>niVAD juiirsDicriON. , ; 1 ' no iii 1. 1,. ah': neal, (-'IMWIL I'm Jcciil.o!', i:il,MMa(r.l to his Honor that lio hod found" no bill in the ease of tho girl Ada Chandler, charged with administering nitric acid to nil infaiit, 10 months old, with intent to murder. .uiu ncuitsuu, wnu is j.-t yuai'B or age, was then oallod liot'oro tho Court and formally discharged by his Honor, who gave special directions to to the jiolico to seo that she was properly looked after and not cast into tho streets.' It was nicntioned tliat she had no friends hero, that she came from Wiiiion, and' that her mother, Her only living parent, was' in Burke, New South Wnlos. t ii n a l.i.no ni> cask- ov wiijiini, >n;annK at er.nnjioNT. The' Irial of Thomas Marshall Samson for the wilful -mui'dor of David Roach at Cler mont, on November 15 last, -was now' re sumed. ' - Mr. 1?. Real again prosecuted on holialf of the Crown, ami tho Hon. A. Routlcdgo (instructed by Mi'. Walter Thompson) de fended tho jirisoneK ' , l'ho examination of Dr. Frank-Winter, of Clermont, was gone on with in record to the post morteii examination 'made of the de ceased. The witness said the examination was made on the 28th at' 0 ii.tn. He found tho body ivell nourished,- and riyor mortis well marked. His Honor t' lf you wiU 'tran9lato your modiealpLntin into English the jury will understand you hotter. 'i'liu witnosssaid the marks oh tho shouidor had' diminished in color, but that ilioso near' tho arm pit had increased in intensity; he removed the skin and linisolos from tho rib, back to the spine on the Jright side ; this was done Vooause a frheturcd rib had boon suspected. And beeahse bf the pnin and dis- eoloratiou j it is 'possible for discoloration to: supervene soiuo time after tho injury had been ill die tod 7' in" the muscles 'whore - tlis disook, ration Ijadinppoared there were rup tures of soino of tho small blood vessels, and there jvaa ulsoi extravasation,; there was blood in1 the muscles immediately below the' eollur- bone j : .witness did not traco tlie sourco of , .this , blood. -Removed tho right, side, of tha chest wall from tho second to tho sevonth rib, and found that tho. ribs had- not boon ' fractured j : tho outer layer of the, pleura was , adjacent to the chest wall ; . thopleiirq was alining mem brane of two layers, covering respectively the .lupin, and the ghost walls,!, iivheal.h Alio two layers wore close together ; oh, removing the ' ribs ..there escaped from .the ploural, cavity about a, pint of blood-stained, stinking fluid; there were no clots' of bipod in tlio cavity ; tub pluura was .ityllun'eiit to tho whole of the lung ; the fluid uairio from between tho uliost wall and the lime,, t.lin 1 . fine nf wliieli w.,a very uiiioli eompressqd, and in a' stato of so- oidlcd'caniiticatiou. , . His. Honor: What is, the meaning .if that ? Witness,: .Solidified' owing ;to pressure. The! two ploural layers irere. n it attached ; there , was considerable ' space" botweon, and from that space the fluid , emanated ; tho> ploura was covero i with a , greeuishryellow exudation ot matter; normally this exuda tion was composed of whito (lushy (lakes. Mr. Real .: Did you examine tho pleura at tlie apex of tlie lung ? The, witness said ho did, and, from tlie opening below the, second rib; there wore no marks of perforation, , that he could see; made no distinct examination for tho .discovery,., of, sinnil holes'; removed the lung, and examined the outer surfano for, traces pf injury, but, was .unsuccessful in (hiding any; liiade an . examination only with the naked eye ; shot, if any had boon present, emild easily have escaped observa tion ; made sections of tho lung in various directions, and from the .surface of the sec tions found a dirty dark-colored matter coining oil' ; .there were no traces of abscesses or cavities. ill the luug, and 'no traces of con sumption or organic disease ; the matter was of a dark greyish, or slate color.; tho luug was very' much compressed and solidi- iied, and showed the pressure of the fluid ; a healthy' lung would crepitate ; in. regard to tho loft lung, that organ- had slightly collapsed ; witness sliced it into sections as ho liad done with the other liing, but found it healthy ; a. lung would collapse if tho chost werq bpe'riod owing, to pressure of the outer air '; the liver, was slightly congested, but' otherwise healthy; thb. othor organs of the body were healthy; witness did not tliiuk tho congestion pf tho liver: could have all'ectod the right lung ; examined tho nook on . tho i'ight sido, and removed the skin ' and muscle's, and in doing, ho found matter in the tracks of thu shot wounds) but .licit' 'to any .great , oxtiiut ; also rempvod the muscles (a'nd' th''jskiu from the .right sido- of tl0 lowej- jaw ;, found on tho surface ..of 'tho latter, one or two shots., which, had ' Uattenod against, tlie, boii j ; also found a shot on tlio iipppr 'siirfiipo of tho collar hone, and know there' wore several that had dropped out fy'pni tlip'hoips niiido, arid that ho had traced thpui iji'a downward direotiori; rotaiued- tlio ripoktissuo ; the shots' lio gave tp tho constable .Oiu'rip'frpm thp neejc, but lie could not say: whether lio had found tho whole of them ; thp, shots discovered wore as low as a, half An inpli front the upper .surface, of tlio collar liouo ;' thu' pleura usually risps' froiii.au, inch lo an inch aiid a half above tho collar , lioiic ; tho plouraiu.thiB ease seemed , to', bo of: li, normal height ;, tlie shot in the colliir .bono had riot been . flattpnijd at all ; roriipyod. tho: skin and miisclis' Jfrom tho slio'ulder biade; ftrid found tlmt there hud"; boon, a 'iruptiiro :of: sonic qL tto.YessplB Icading'.to,. (tlio , ploura/ bit boforo ' Roach died, tlio. brriiso was hogiu- . niiig. to. (disappear.' i ;,Al discplpiiitiori of,, the - skin .from a bruipo always indicates a rupture of sPme of'the blood vcssolsri .. -. . . His Honor: Like a bliick oyo, I suppose ?, Witness: Thoro was ft bluish appoaranee en tho part iipdpr tia,arrii,;.thp"bruiso was ,liko a post Viiiiri-ri'ia.'brufBO ; thbro' was, nothing in tho;statp of thb liver tliat, .would .account for tlie jiuiu's death';' thb otiriking fluid -,,had- probiijily boon oeoasibno'cl by. an injury, to ,thil iupgij an,l that air luid , boon omittod ; tluit" iiiBtead Of irifliuiiination matter., had been forme J, and the lung had bled into tho ploural cavity; it was iiossiblp that.iuilamnia- . tiori' . might hiWo ,'oxtended from, tho heck down' to tlie , pleural cavity, without por- foratipn. hut 'witriuss did' not think. 'suph liiijl occurred iii this easp j deteriuinated after h'ayiu'g,, iriiidp .the post mortem examination Unit .death had bpbii'.pausod by ,' a fall aftor- 'thp shooting1; .'u'liw thought that tlio apex bf the lung; iiiay ,h'avo b'uon popotnitod by a pallot, iilthouglv at, the jiost'marlcm examina tion lio (Ifd not discover any sign of sueli a thing; if tho lung had boon affected tho' iujury iviis laoro likely to havo boon . sal up by tho wound, although it might liavo been caiisod by. the fall; tho iloeoasod had inflammation of the right lttng, and tlio ,1-ight ploura, and death was -duo to this gpllamuiatiori ; the iuflaiiimiitiou, was soptie- or. putrid ; tlie direct injury , may have been , the .result bf a shook and thb.fall ; and also ihj aetpa) contact, thb, lung boing) .distonded, (lii.d iilibd opt. with air, and tho fall causing a rupture ; biit as.tlie -ribs. . worn not frncturpd apasb, would' be a very, unusual orio if n lung w'oi'u ruptiippd as tlio rbiiult.of u. fall; found lib othor syuiptbm of' the oauso'bf death. Cross pxamined : Itoneh.did iipt appear to be in drink w'heri lie was brought to thb Hos pital, hut during ,tho night, arid froin tho excitpd , stiito ' in wliieli lie) was in, judged that- ho had boon drinking pvovionsly ; tho vortical dip of- .thp . .shot in the neck would not he niorb tbiiii ii' ipiartor of an inch ; tho 'incisions, made', wuro only a - quarter of an inch in, (iqj)th, and no perforations woro found in tho client whll .'or ploura ; if the, wounds wero oxtoiiBivu rouio sign pf perfora- tion _ might ho apparent, but taking into consideration tho number of . clays that elapsed prior to his death, thoro was ampin time , for. the wound to' heal ; if thoro iiad .boon pellets of any iti/.e witness. might, -liavo- ;fonnd them; pnoumeiiia and pleurisy were found after death, but tiics.i hid boon caused by injury; had concluded, after making I, ho post mortem oxaniinatioii tiiat, deatli was uol. :ii:e,di.'rate.l by the shooting: at tlio time of death thu wounds were doing well; it was possible for a violent blow in tho side to produce pneumonia, and this conclusion the witness had' originally ar rived at iu regard to tlio present ease ; thought this possible as Roach's wife had mentioned thu fact of his fall, and such a fall us hail been described would account for tlio injuries to the sido; Dr. Candiottis saw tho deceased oil I ho morning of the 17th. and consult, od with witness as to tko best t.rcatmout to adopt ; Dr. Candiottis was present at tlio post mortem ioxaiiiiuiition, i ml lie agreed with tlio witness as to tho cause of death, and that tlio shot wounds iiad nothing to do with it. Had talked tlie matter over witli l'rs. Voss and . Jiriuinigau, of Ruekhumptoii. Spoke to the former because tlio case was mi unusual one. Whilst in Clermont had thought that the wounds . would heal en tirely. Re-examined : That was only so far as the wounds were concerned, and not tlio result of .thu. penetration of the .shot; tlie right lung was about tlio si/.o of I wo .-.ml a-liulf fists. ....... Dr. 1-'. II. V; Voss, of Roekbaiiiptou, said he hnd , .heard the evidence giveu by Dr. Winter and Mrs. Roach, &:. Had considered tlio matter, and believed that the most pro bable cause of death (from the symptoms .described) .was a wound of the pleura and luiig from the lower pari) of the ncok, either idiroctly at tho time, -or by leaving an old track through to the pleura, .corrupt in.i,tter illfuoting the interior , being conveyed . from outside the body into .the pleura and lung, and sutting, up soptie inflammation of : the ploura and lung; inflammation of .tlie pleura .would extend oyer the whole cavity, the sop tie. iuflamiuntiou. of, the lung being chiefly; confined to the parts of the luug wounded:' hot or wadding might carry: septic matter on itself, anil the -infected maturial- anight pass ; that this wound , was septic was showi/by tlie fact that it was suppurating; thu chief danger of gnu-shot wounds to the neck were - hemorrhage (either directly at tlie timu or shortly afterwards) of tho spruad of, inihiminatiou from the neck along the tissues into the chest cavity. ; this could arise without: tlio wound peiietiatina tho lung ; the inflammation iu this case did not apparently go down, to the lung, but the homorrhngo from tho lung indicated rather iliroct injury than an oxtonsiou of inUam- . illation; the presence of blood in tho pleural cavity was also tlie result of injury; the expectorated .blood, hud tlie character of blood from the lung ; thoro was also the fact of thb. bruising in, tho armpit showing - six days after injury, nnd this would point to' dccp-scatod homorrhagu and gradual soakage to the siii-fauo. . Tho symptoms could have liobn produced by a fall if groat woiglit or pressure had been applied to tlio chest iu a diffused manner; the lung could then be ruptured without any fracture to tlie ribs, but if a man, full on his side from a stuuding. posture tho prossuro would not be suillcieut to rupture tho luug without uaiising fraeturo of tlio ribs ; if it wore a locidizod injuryjof sufticient intensity, there would he fracture at the. point of tlio blow,- titid certainly external .iiuirks ; if the rupture of tlie lung wore extensive, septic matter might lie present, but iu Unit ease tlio rupture would bo visible at the. -post mortem examination ; . it would be very ilillicult to diseoyur sliot which had pouutrntod tlio lung, even if it woro searched for carefully,, and witness did not think that by iookiiig-'ioto tlio chest cavity from bolow the second rib it would he possible to discover a wound of tho front part ;of tlio apex of the iung ; the shot produced nro small shot ; taking the whole of the ovidouoo into consideration, tlie witness expressed an opinion that thoro was one other cause which might have led to tin; death, and that was that the man laid pre viously Bull'urud from consumption, and had an alieess or onvity in the lung, which had ruptured into, tho pleural space; similar inflammation might then have been set up; but oil tlio post mortem examination such disease of tlio lung should have been dis covered ; the other, lung would have probably buou alloetod, and there would he, a. previous history of illuoss; tho evidence given, how. ever, seems .to- exclude any theory of that nature, and death could only lie accounted for liy thu gun-shot .wounds. Cross-examined: One shot in the dung would be. suiiieiuut to set up -the iuilauiiua- tion, and would- bo diflieult-to lind. There - were throe stages an pneumonia'; the grey patches spoken of by , Dr. 'iVinter would not indicnto. grey hepatization; the color : of .the. lung was ilepeudenL on the amount: of blood eoutained in, it; in,a jjosI mortem the blood .vessels of a compressed lung- -.would: bo. nearly empty, and tho natural eolor of tho luug would sh >w ; this was darker: as age uamo on; t'u elfuut of the fluid: in' the ploural e;i: ! :/ would bo to-' empty the lung of blood partially, during life and also after death ; .the first, stage of puouiubnia was bongostion of that pnrt of. the lung which was inflamed ; a man might die at'any time fromi.pueamonia" and in, any of thu- three stages, but ho might also get well ;. no man eopld have incipient congestion of the luiigs (as, appliod .to. noute pnoutuonia) without being aivare of it; a man would fool ill, and., tho eongeBtivo Btagc would last certainly foi' uot iuoro than 48 hours. . ! "' Re-examined': The symptoms of tompci-a- tifro,.&n;„ .wore, not consistent- with thdso;of: pneumonia arising from the disease; -tlio temperature 1Q2-5 tyas. not ,so liigh as :vos nsually. tlip case ;:acute pneumonia involved patches of..-tho„Jung, ntul- not a an entire , whole. luiw : Dr. 'H. C. Hiunnigan,1 Residoht Mediiial' Ollicer of tho Roekhiimptoa Hospital, said lio had hoard the ovidoilee given iii tlie ease; and had considered it i' ho attribut'cd tloAth to pleurisy; and tlii) olfusion of putrid matter into the ploural cavity,' tho most probable Bnui'oo_ being the neck wound ; thb blood- found in the cliost could come froin no other soiirce oxeept' a wounded liing ;' Rbabh spat up ' blood oil ' November 17, and this' was bright anil frothy, pointing to -having' homo from the lnngj and on' tapping/and after death, tho fluid was bloo-lstainod ; in ploiirisy arising from a fall, ' and Without a frca opou- in'g-into the lung, tho fluid should not have: becoino stinking'; such a wound not having been found in tho lung witness was inclined to bolibvo that tho inflection came from, the neck; discoloration in tho armpit appearing after sovoral -'ays followiug tho injury, was- considered 'conclusive evidence of blood in tho ohost ; lio therefore eonsidoro 1 that tho stain below tho armpit was not duo to the fall ; tlie existonco of ordinary pnuumbriia was unlikely, as iu that ease the lungs or parts' of it, would he expected t;o bo nineli largortliau that discovered by Dr. Winter ; the Ub'.-.liy fool- of the lung, aiid tha grey : a'ppoavajico wore duo from tho lung being squeezed by the 'surrounding .fluid; it would bo almost impossible' to discover one or two pellets, bithor in -the lung or in tho tract of tlie chest ; ii'.ill, oven if tlioy wore carefully sentclied for'; the irijiiry arose from direct injury; and although tho sliot may not have penotiatod inflftiiunation could have been sot lip by the nook -injury, anil suppuration being convcyod to tlio lung by the connective tissnos; this would not, howovoi', aecouut for tlio ' pro- seni-.o of lilood in the chest; witness coiil'd givo no ntlior reason f -r the cause of duatli; a great medical authority (Dr. Hilton Ii'agge) said pneumonia could not lio induced by direct injury to the lung; a fall on tljo -side might iniliico pleurisy, but Btill t,ho; blood would bo unaccounted for; tlio pluurisy would not be septic unless tlio lung wore freely lorn by n broken rib, or othor external violence ; tutu pu!lut would uxplain everything in th ) present instance. This was tlie e mo for -the Urown. Tlio Hon. A. Rulil(>dgo did not desire to call evidence. Mr. I'. Real a I lre.eio.l the. jury on huh ill' of tlio Grown. He pointed out that it did nob matter whether tlio death of tho doeoased hail boon calico, I by the gu.i-.cliot wound i, or by tiio .all which might liavo sell up an internal disease. If the prisoner had been thu enu.ie of tho inquiries which led to It , 'lull's death, lliun the jury would have to return a verdict of gtiilf-.y. Mr. Real pinned before the jury tlm salient points of thu evidence, ami specially dwelt upon the previous good health tlie deceased Iiad enjoyed. Thu Court here adjourned for lunch. Mr. Riii tied gu rose to address tlio jury on behalf of the prisoner immediately after the adjournment, lie an id Mint in a ease like this the duty which devolved upon him was one of very groat anxi.uty and responsibility. His client was put upon his trial for tlio crime of murder— a crime which, should their verdict prove lo have been committed by the prisoner— would involve consequences of tlie gravest possible chnraeter. He was quite sure Mint, in discharging their duly, which was one of perhaps greater responsibility than that resting upon any commuted with tlie conduct ot the case, oxeept, perhaps, the learned .ludire. ivlio Iiad in nivo them direr. lions as to tlio law, without any reference to what might lie the consequences of the decision they might arrive at. The prisoner was charged with having murdered tlie inan Roach on tlie night of November 15 last, and iu order to establish his guilt, the Crown had l'bliod upon tlie evidence of the medical men, whose evidence, he was hound to say, tup'dcrl to tlio conclusion that the death off lie man Roach was occasioned by the act of tho prisoner. Teat was how tho evidence appeared oil tho face of it. lie did; not propose going into it or making an analysis of it, in order to show what' lie might consider the weak points .in the evidoiieb. The evidence to il very gfeiil. extent was pointing iu one direc tion. Thqy; hrid, however, this signilicant eii- euiustahee in connection witli tlieoviduiieu ,<if tlie hospital doctor, under whose eye Roiich caifie "immediately after the imfor-, tannic evout ; and mider whose treatment; lie continued duriug the whole of tha re mainder of tlie time that lio lived; This gentleman, also made thu post mortem exami nation, .aqdeamb' to a conclusion, with the fuels then all before him, and the circum stances ' clear in his niiml — which diilered from the conclusion he 'now' arrived lib. fn tlio foriner ho seemed to be inclined to thu belief that death was not tlio result of the shooting, but of tlie ellects of a fall which brought on pleurisy. Dr. Winter said that the ro.-isou he had first come to the cone iislon that a fall occasioned pleurisy was that lie, had_ heard of tho circumstances of thu man, having fallen, and lie' naturally connected one ihing with tlie othor,' and he now wii3 of ruiiuiiiui i; lli'lfllCU bll.tU WUS llSUIlJiy produced by a man failiug was nueussary ro set up pleurisy. They had actually in "t.liis uiiso no facts to go upon as to what were the preceding circumstances of thu night of tho ocourrenco. .They. did not know whothertlio deceased, who had evidontly lieou drinking, had roeoiyuil a fall before the shooting, un known' to his wifo. The Crown asked them to beliove that the death of Resell was occasioned by tlie hands ol tho prisoner, but that was a matter of which they would required to bo very fully satisfied. lie asked thorn in regard to the medical evidence- to consider that the strongest testimony in favor of the Crown was that of two men who hover saw the deceased, one of whum had changed tlie opinion ho had previously ex pressed. The next thing that tho Crown had to establish was that, if tho prisoner's net caused tho death, bf the man Itoocli, it was done, with malice aforethought. Ill order to establish that, it would be necessary to prove Hint, tlio man who fired tlio gun fired with a deliberate intention to imirilur. He submitted that the evidence showed very clearly that tliere was no malice either ex pressed or implied, and therefore, under the circumstances, tlie -evidence would not jus tify them in finding the prisonorgiiilty of tho offence charged against him. If he war guilty of anything, it was manslaughter, and not murder. Ho then went; over the facts of till) case .as brought out in the evidence, nnd endeavored to show that no motive had buou. disclosed why prisoner should shoot Roach. There were only throe persons present on the night of the oceurren'c ', and witnessed what took place, oxeept tho prisoner, his wife, an tlio young man,. George, who, strange to say,- had not been called upon to throw any light on the oircumstunccB. It wns a matter deeply to lie regretted that this inan was "neither there, nor accounted for. They had then to rely upon the evidence' of three women' who were tlie only othor witnesses of what took place. As to- ' whether these were aceuratc iu their statements it would be only sufficient for him to 'point out that Mrs. lhirton said that it took throe-quarters of n'l hour to go froin tlie hut to tho public-" house, a' distance lio thought had hocu proved 'about 1500 yards, lie submitted 'that there was hnllluiont evidence to go to tho couelusiou that in a great many respects this woni'an' was iin inaccurate witness,' Theso three i women! went oiit: that night to got boor. Wull, .tliorcrivas probably nothing wrong in that ; but they wont to the hotel and when thoy got thure saw and spoke to tho prisouor to whom two of them was abso lute 'strangers, and tho third did not then reoognise.'. 'They tlieni allowed him to pay U'.ou thoii behalf for beer and this isliawed ..that they were, not above taking . Is from a strangei:, to got beer in a .public- house. Tho bvidorice 'was that those persons left the hotel at about 0 'o'clock/and thoy knew fro.tii actual actual fact thiit the shooting must, liavo taken place some timo between half- past -'10 and 11 o'clock , probiibly nearer- ' -11: ' It- Was perfectly"' clear that a -largo - interval of time occurred" be-' tweon tho time thoy left the bar and tho time thoy -reached Mr. ' Roach's hut; how was that : interval; pulled up.' Ono thing pui'fcctly clear in regard to this lin- -fortuuatu occurrence was that thoro was uo expressed -malice on the part of the prisouor, When a man shot another intend ing to injure liiiu lie usually had n motive; now in this ease there was iio motive ; there cottld not have boon h motive. The prisoner wasiineutire stranger to the man who fell, boforo thu shot disohargod from his gun, and it was obvious that this man could not havo boon the object of hostile feeling on tho part of tlionuan'who shot hi in'.- ft' was liot as if thoy had jbeon quarrelling and one of thuiu iii the hcat ol' his passion hail seized some weapon near' at harid and dealt a fatal blow. : That' ' would havo been express malice, and' there would havo beun iv motive. Hut there wns nlsoluteiy none in this ease. Thou they had prisoner's conduct after the ocourrenco. Did ho not as if ho had deliberately done anything ivhioh would in- :vblvo him in tlie inoshos ol' tho law and try to ' o laconic that act? Tho evidence shewed that ho did neither'! ho did not'oveb . show any anxioty j to conceal his gun with which the unhappy deed had 'boon - wrought. Ho noted like a man who wirii stripiliod at Uie consequences of 'what ho had 'dona i likaonu who was in the Btate of mental torpor which resulted whou a man sutl'oretl some unanticipated calamity. Ho iv.-ts standiiig outsidu Iiih lionso with his gnu iii his hand' when tlio constable came up, like a mail who felt iunoeent. of a bad motive 'or minimal intent-Ion. Afterwards, when Reach was very near his end, and Mr. Moray took him before that man, whom he probably saw for tho first time, M. Moray had told them that ho was extremely nIVeeted. The acts throughout were those of a man innocent of any expressly -i i-ong motive in regard to thu deceased." The only person who liad the | guu in view was Mrs, Roach, but In v evidence did liol. rIiow that prisoner took aim tied fired deliberately at her husband- Hliu kii .v liim turn round and iaisol.hu gun as if in lake aim, and she-followed with lior oyo iu Iin; direction iu which tlm weapon was p, 'iitr.nl. 'I'll., m she saw Hparks on her iiusb.uid'j c'.i.eildm', and immediately alter her husband fell. Thoy only Iiad evidence of this unsatisfactory character to ostnblish tlie fail, tlial. tho gun was pointed by tlie prisoner directly at the deceased, and in view of that iv. in it clear that prisoner .iitemled so do any hurt to iniyono Y llin Honor: I shall lull the jury th, it if lie was guilty of handling arms carelessly, ht< was guilty of at least manslaughter. Mr. liutle.lge siibmitloil that i t this ease there was no intention to hurt anyone, and that tlm action on prisoner's part wns simply a mero pretence. He wanted to frighten tin; people, and his theory hariiiomsud witli the whole of the cnBo. His Honor then sumtiiad up. He said tlie prisouor wns clmrgud with the orimu of mur der. Now the law regarded 'juman life as of no saurml a nature, that when one mail killed another it implied maliuo, audit was niui'der. In tact, it you killed a person, and were not able loolfor any satisfaction to tlie jury by w iy of justification, it was murder. Implied malice in law eonlil only be rebutted by proof of something that would justify tlm killiug, or reduce it to the crime of inan slaughter. If, in this case, the prisoner could show that lie was defending his own life or pei'Hou from serious violence, that might lie justification. He luid not shown hero a shadow of ii. There was nothing, in fact, lo lead to such a suggestion; still if he could say that- David Roach hnd struck him a violent blow, and immediately in tlie heal of his passion he had taken up a weapon close to his' hand, and had killed him, undei the circumstances that wnabl reduce the olVence to manslaughter! All killing was murder in law unless it could hu slinwn Lliat the killing was in the defence of your own life, you" wife's, your ohildrou's, or some other person, or that you had received actual physical in dignity,1 or sntl'ored ' from- some opprobrious t. .rents, and iu a moment of-g rent-indignation resentment luid seized eoiiiu weapon close at hand, and wreaked youi- iuiger upon Um person who bad insulted you. ''I lierefori', killing wiib murder, unless tiie prisoner could provo -it was not for tho law to do so -tluit hu had some justification which would reduce the crime to the lesser, ollence of uieu- iilaiighter. They would take it,' therefore, that unless they eouhl find Rombthirig in the ease that would jnstity the lessor verdial, tlioir -finding would have to hi- one of murder. If the prisoner shot at Roash — and tliero Was. nothing-it! the evidence as far as lis Could' see tb reduce; thb act to a loss serious one — the criino ivris one of murder. There was nothing.-anil lie would lie very glad to see soinething ollering to-shiiw tliat- Eoiioh did Jiuythinj to!pvo\'oko tho priHoiuu'— Ito justify prisoner in firing at Roneli. Thoiio was nothing oven in' the ease of Mrn. Murtiigh; had he shot her, to liavo justified the jury in finilini' him emiltv nl' b.u ii,.,„ :niurdor. If all' the throe women had'hcntcu him within an inch of his lifo it would not have justified him in vunting it upon David Jtoiuih. So far as tluy could see, tho latter was a man who had never seen him before, and who had given liiiu' no ofl'onoe of any kind. There was no escaping tlie conclusion that tho killing, if prisoner did kill him, was murder. If ho had fireil' into ii crowd aiinlcHsly, and deatli had resulted, it would have been murder, and the law would imply malice. What were the facts? Assuming, for thu moment, that thn evidence satisfied them that tlie killing was tlie result, directly or indirectly, of tho injuries received from tlio prisoner, what wiis there to in any way point to oxonse or justification. The' facts were very lev.', -anil could bo easily grasped. 1'liese persons— Mrs. Ilalliiiger, Mrs. Mur- fagh, and Airs. Roach— hail been "'conversing in tho house of Mrs. Murtagh, with n yimn'.- man named (ieorgo, who, as far as the evil doneo went, seemed to know very little about tlm matter. He gave them 2s (id to get some beer ; how long they were getting it was not a mat ter of vory much consequence. Tlioy went np to the publichouso, and tlioy there saw the prisoner, who seemed to havo known 0110 oi them, biit did not recognise tliom. At any rate, -ho gave tlieni a shilling, ami they could put what interpretation they like.l upon that. He did riot know lliat it. woiildiudicato that they were worsothaii other women of their olass of I ile. His Honor then recounted the circumstances transpiring up to the time of tho shooting of Roach.' M'tor lining struck by Mrs, Murtagh' lie went buck, and uh lie was approaehirig'tlic cottage, his wife tried to persuado hinV to 'go "homo. What state ot lniibl was 'lib in then? His wife -hail- tried to induce liiiu to go' hack, but lie came 011. Then Clcbrgu came out of the cottage, and this was the last tliey saw or H«>ftid of him: Whuthor awaro that- the prisoner; was armed did riot appear, but tlm probability was tluit if- he had uiado an ellort to persuade him to 'go' home, tii'c iViho- ner might have gone. . However, ' George passed- away, and tliuu 1 'oaeli was1 g ,1 i 1 1 round the end of tho ebttiigo when Uie prisoner was hoaril to say—" If you eouie here I will- shoot yon." They eouhl only juilge by words and nets. Mrs; Roach iliil ' 1 iiot.iiicutiou what lior husband said in i-oplv. hut she thought hcniadesbiuo ariswer'. Trisii- nor tlicn fired iu tho direotiori of Roach : and it a man fired in the dir'dbtidri'bf another that was uvideiicc tliat'jriu ' fifed : at .him, unless something' to tlio contrary was siidwn. T'lie raising of tho gun;' and' the firing iii tlie direction' of thu'irian's liody ' wore dolilieral e nets, seeing that , nothing had, 'been shown :that Roach had dniio , ariyt.hiiig to justify prisoner iu iittailki'rig liiiii, nndThore- tore nnirdhr.' It -was perfeeUy cli'iiiv ' that, unless they fnttbrod aivay tho duty tlie law had imposed uppn tU'om; they wero bound to say that that was' murder.' Shortly after Xvoiioh hficl been r/vkun to tbc hbpitn.1, prison<>r was found1 outsidu his own cottage. It was true hu was' hot ' fOun'd iioacealirig his "im or denying that ho' had shot at anyone, "but it would not have bebn' adyisalile for liiiu to iiiivc -done eijiHur/foi1 thoro wore witiiosHus to attest tho one; and ;the' iitlioiy at bost.'could only- have beon' hidden' for a little while. There was 6110 very ' sigiiifioAut; eircuiustaiieo connected, autl that was '.that one barrel was found discharged, while the 'other was loaded with blank eartvidgo. ' Thb 'barrel 'which Iiad boon disolinvged was loaded with shot, anil blus pdiutod to orio oi two tionelusions -either the barrel loaded with sliot ivas deliberately chosen, air thiit thb seed il ehargo had' been ivithdraivn, and replaced. ;i>y 'a blank, car tridge, so that it would appear 'that lail h charges had' been blank? ; If tlioy woro of opinion tlnit ' the do'litli' of Mio'uiiicjascd lie 1 boon caused iu the way described by Mm vvilnosses, tiiey would lio bouud to return a verdict bf murder. If, liii the other hand, they li.ul been able, witli a pruseiouee which ho eould nut'lay claim' to, discover pullialory uircuiiistiuiuus they would ho justiiied in returning 11 verdict of manslaughter. His Honor concluded by reading over ill : ovi doilee of tlio arious witnesses. ; . .The,, jury, retired at half past 5, and afler dolibcratiag for hall all hour, rouivnivl into Cpurt with a verdict of guvUiV,' accoiup.i 11 ieil .by. a strong, A'ocommendation to- "m-'ivy tm account of . prisoner's proviiitis yuoil uharaeter. , .. , Tho-prisoner recoivoil'' the auiiimucemiiiit of llin conviction 'calmly, but not callously ; lio apparently did not grasp its full-signifi cance. Asked wbolhbr lie had' anything to say why tho Himtciieo of tho -Court should not bo pronounced upon him, he Said in! a subdued voice, that hu lind. He then 00111- nieiioed along statement; partly iii justifiua- tibu of himsolf and partly in explanation of matters which soemod to lmvb vury littlo rela tion to. tlio main object of his statement. The address was listened to in ' perfect silonco, and tlio evident feeling Mie're appoared behind gave to it "an iiiqiressive- ue.i whieli its iliscui'siveuess nearly robbed it of- He coiuiiionced in a low bill steady voice, and rotiunod full uontiol ovui liunsi It throughout tliu trying . ordeal. Ills stalo- lnunt was as follows, : - ...... , 14 1 Alii jtiafc ivs wull satislied to be xouxui ti-uUtV of muvdor us I would ot mftnblau.litOii for us my own monts |?o 1 urn mnocoUb ot \wi n> that man us un object, lo sliool ut. When I took fchufc «un out of tlio house L did bo intending to go to tho camp of Wio blacks. Tho blacks are very numerous around my. property. That sumo morning I oulciou my gun for tho purpose of going to the buiLUh, aud I got outsulo the tonco and I. uliot a hawk- A. friend ot nunc! came up to the house at time I had shot tho hawt, and lie induced mo to go down the town with turn as we hnd a job iu view, that burnt tunotn.it blank cartridge was in the gun. L usually kept tho gun loaded, eapuciallj with a blank cartridge for the purpose ol shooting t iom my back door at thu lmwks. I he hawks wom.vory nuiuorous about there, una . . .IL! F.F.I llF ll ll.ft'lvd. iuv towis wore gei'Diug ucstiyu - lb was my ouBtom to go -to the back door anu fire off a blank cartridge now and then to scare them away j my object in going down to tho blacks' camp that morning was to toll tlioiu to go further down in the bush s 'hero were some blacks - camping near Mrs. Mai-tor's humpy 011 tliat day and hau been thore for days s our goats wore getting destroyed, ono hud been so worried by tho do>'S that- I liad to destroy it 011 that account ; I told inp wife I would go down and try to frighten thorn farther dsivn into the busli ; previous to that they had been camping noar my house, behind tho fence m Daintree-sttfeot ; I eomplainod'to the Mayor of tho town council of the nuisance and also to the police who tidviaed mo to write to tho mayor j at the .time that n»y lottor convoying this was received, 1 had shot at the blacks' dogs, aud have driven then further into the bush. It was my iu- toution to go down to the black's camp tliat hI.,ff . . , , ,1 ...i..,., t \p-i.i .in the loek-iiu I saw UIIIL, LI,.. ....... - .. the light of their camp fires from my cell. It has hoou.said in evidoneo in this Court that thoro . wcro 110. blacks about at tlio timo Thoy .wore camping when I. came away, and ns faros I have any knowledge of hurting that man, or having any ohjeot in shooting him. I am as innocent as nchild. If I sutler it will he in a certain amount ignoranoo of it. AVoll, I have hoou in Clermont i I iuvvo settled thnie, and I was getting au hoiiost living, and I jvas a good resident of the town. I built ono, house iu tlm hush, and cleared tlio land sold.it. I purchased two other vacant nUotnionts, and I have spent, consider- able money on thorn. And tlioso two huuipios liavo boon of great annoyance to mo , whilo. I have toon thoro. ' Last li.nio 1. was . thore I spoko .to tho woman known as " Sloppy. Poll.-' I had my gun with ino, shooting hawks. AArhen I came hack from town I liad some drink, in me, and I was going .homo quietly from the Railway Hotel, aud I had as muoli right on tlio road as any, and if thoy had not molosted mo. in all pro bability nothing would have happened. If I had not seen thorn, that night, and if I had been as sober, as tlio saying is, as a judge, I might not have taken my gun witii uio, and gone to, tlio humpy, but my dog' ran awav. and I followed it to the hmnpy.'.' Tlio accused, went 011 to make a long statement, in which I10 went fully into his private and business affairs, nnd declared repeatedly that ho had never deliberately aimed at Roach, and liad, indeed; not knowingly shot liim at all. He explained tho occurrence iu this way. Having gone over to Roach's humpy after his dog, ho met Mrs. Roach, who acci dentally ran into him. Ho hnd his gnu witli liiiii at tlie timo, .and it was loadod. Ho was , not angry with lior, and did not . recognise her as ono of tlio women ho had scon at tho liotol ; whon she was in front of him it was vary likoly he told her to stand back as slio might to shot. His gun was very " tioklisli," and ' to satisfy liar and liis wife, who liad followed him over lio turned round at the humpy and fired the gun off anywhere. Ho said " I had no object whatever, never looked out at all, novor saw anyouo, aud I said if 'she was not satisfied with that I would live the other barrel off ; my wifo accompanied 1110 towards liiy gate, when we head someone screaming, and my wifo told 1110 is there someone shot." I said turn round and see, and go back and see. I don't know how far she went, but sho came back and told 1110 tliiit there was a man lying 011 tlio ground, and I must liavo shot liim. This was the reason I said to Constable AValsh I shot him, because my wife told 111s there was a miiu lying on tlio ground groaning. Welt; I eniild not go much furthoi because ( became stupified 011 hearing that this man liad ' come iu contact with tlio shot. I really did not know what to do." Ho continued liis' address, but. frequently wandered into all kinks of foreign subjects, liud ropoatod ovor and over again liis assertion , of . his innocence . of any in- tontion ' to shoot ; deceased. Ilia Honor listened to liim very patiently, but had several tiuios to point out to - him that he wiis not called upon to criticise tho verdict, but to offor, if. hu coiiid, some reason why judgment should , to stayed., .Never theless his Honor professed Iiimsolf willing to listou to whatever . lio .could say, and t hroughout treated his ignorance of legal pro ceeding and tho functions of tho Court with a most kindly .forbearance., . At tlio Conclusion of pi'isonors's.statoniont, which took up some considerable time, ; His Honor said : " Prisoner, you havo toon convicted upon ovidoneo which fully justifies and absolijtply requires tho vordict which the jury liavo comb to. 1 -will lay before, the ' authorities witli .whom rests the perogutive " of luoroy tlio reooinmendation to mercy, which thb jury appended to their verdict'.; At pro- sont I Soo no reason to add. my rocoininendu- ' tion to it. .'I .think, that that night- you wore in ; q state .of blind passion probably caused' by tho sbmi-druukon. condition you worb in, hut this .wub your own fault, andtho law allows 110 consideration to it.. You wore'- probably ' disfcui-hod liy the conduct of tho' woman, hut thoro is nothing .-in' 'the.' evidence lo justify y.Oiir liso of arms in tliu. streets or , against tho person of- David Roacli. Thoro- " fqro.T have lip'duty, qthor than that imposod liphn' ino by' the law, and that is to pass ' soiitbrico' upon you, which is that you lio' tiikpn froiu this plabe and that at such tiino ' lis tho Governor, with the advico of tlio ' Exccu' iyb Council shall appoint, y.ou . bo ' hangod.'by , tho' heck .iintii doqd.. May tlio ' Lbi-d hiiyu ineroy ;'.oii your soul/; . . j; , " Tlio prisonor, ivlio remained firm but not; nhmoyod during his., Honors address, wiis1 taken to tlie colls. h 