chapter il Yew in, yew out, the huosbine trwt n» vain to shed its light up 10 tue damp stained walls of Cairnsmuir Oo»tle. A fmv stray beams, checdcereu by the shadow of moviuz leaves, might rest upoa its southern side at mid-day, but these would shortly fade, and the shades creep back across the deep-set windows, and hall obscure the- wioked faces of the imps and demons carved in mouldering Stone, that spouted water from the roofe in rainy weather, or in rare oloudlees days of summer oraned their long thin nooks to grin a jeer with horrible grimaces at the world below. At first sight one might fancy the vast old pile was tenantlese, so still and stagnant was the plaoe with its thick, negleoted growth of trees, and the stealthy flow of the river tar beneath. Foil of romantic yet meUuoholy associations it stood grandly, and—in spite of Mrs. Jardine's pro pheoy—still proudly: the thick walled old stronghold that had weathered rain and storm for so many oentnries! In one of the narrow windows that pierced at oapriclona intervals the castle walls, one now might oatoh a gleam of firelight, so bright and oheery that the sound of craok ling logs seemed almost to reaoh one nearly two hundred feet below. 8ometimes a figure all in white passed the window, and dived again into the deptbe of the fire-lit room. Well might one fanoy it some ghost of bride or maiden, some bright flower of the stern old Soottish stock revisit ing the aoenes of loog-forgotten lives. Again the delicate face appeared at the window, and remained there looking out. A large tree that grew against the side of the stronghold, whereby a sad tale hung, gave a vast sigh ae the river breeze etole up and stirred icB leaves. Presently, as another figure etole into the reoess, Evelyn Thaineton turned and was caught in a passionate embrace. Her husband held her at arm's length, to admire her in her bridal drese of gleaming satin, worn again to night for the first time since she wore it on her wedding-day eoarcely a month ago ! "How beautiful yon are!" he cried proudly: "how perfeat and how marvel Ions I Yes—it is worth while; it is quite worth while." The lost words were mut tered to himself. He touched her on the forehead eoftlv and laid his hand on her hair, whioh was like a light-pierced mist crowning her beautiful bead. "And what shall I say of you in return for these pretty oompliments ?" ehe asked, laughing and blushing. "Come, we must not stay here admiriag one another," he returned, smiling, yet with a strange look of anxiety in his face; " the people are assembling, and you ought to be down to assist your brother to receive them." They passed togotherfrom the room, hand locked in hand. The houBe was full to-night, for it was an eventful occasion. Many of the neighbours who lived too far off to return to their homeB —Mibb Tapley and her nieceB among them— were sleeping at the CaBtle; and there was, besides, a Urge shooting party—Stewart Pember of the number—and other visitors, to celebrate the homecoming of the young couple. The affair once irrevocably settled, John Douglas had determined to make the best of it; his sister's husband was already in his eyes a very different person from Gilbert Thainston. and he did hie utmost to seem cordial. But Thainston felt that DougUs always regarded the marriage aa a family calamity, and he never ceased to harbour a bitter resentment ior this offence, and a restleBa though vague desire of revenge. Evelyn, whose endeavours to establish more cordial relations between her husband sod brother had entirely failed, looked forward with some anxiety to having the two men living under one roof, Thainston had an instinctive dislike to any one so limpid ly straightforward as Donglai. while the honest Sootohman oould not feel comfortable among the confused lights and mysteries oi a mind like that of his brother-in-law. Mrs. Jardine shrugged her shoulders sadly. " As well expect the lion to lie down with the lamb 1 I look for nothing but misfortune for Cairnemuir from this time forth!" Miss Taoley's screams were heard outside in the hall before Evelyn and her husband entered, just as the noisy summons of the dinner-gong brought the people trooping in. They had oome here to-night with a pre jnd ce against the bridegroom; but Evelyn conld Bee with pride and joy that it began to melt away before the power of his brilliant personality. He had infinite tact, infinite cleverness. He talked to the right people about the right things : was sound and con servative just where he ought to be sound and conservative; a little bold and enter prising just where the ground was safe for snoh adventures, H; felt that he carried all before him in an easy triumph; his admirers were many, his critics few. The good country people, not accustomed to spend euoh an amusing evening, were, for the time at any rate, carried away. The dinner went off with singular idn.1. There was a fiaBh of electrical sympathy across and aorosa the table, aa rare aa it was delightful; and every one knew who was the author of the unusual brilliance. Evelyn oaught and fiungfurther the darting snake-like talk, iridescent as fish's scales, that issued with veritable serpentine coilinge from her husband's powerful brain. His metalllo force of intellect struck the epark that eet in unaoenstomed blaze these minds of laxer fibre till the heaviest among them felt himself a new-bern wit 1 Nor did the retiring of the ladies to the drawing room break the BpslL When, shortly afterwards, the rest of the party followed them the hours passed as brilliantly and as pleasantly as ever, and far too swiftly to please the younger members of the oom pany. Yet the cause of all this unwonted excite ment wore at times a furtive look of watoh fulness, almost of fear, Stewart Pember ■tudied him with uneasy wonder. They had not met until to-day since the marriage, and it strnck Pember that Thaineton'a face in renose looked drawn and haggard. Some of the people strolled out by the river side after dinner, wending their way down to the little bridge, or even wandering a* far as. the moat whioh enoiroled some ruins at about a mile distant, from whioh a curious ring of mist was rising stealthily in the evening lig"You don't look well, Gilbert." said his friend. "What's the matter? Sorely your anxieties are over now." " Over!" he oried, eavageiy, kioking a great stone whioh had fallen from the battlements on to the narrow moateloe pathway, into too water, "they bad never begun in earnest till now* A year ago I would not have oared very mnoh if the worst had oome to the worst; now 1 have everything to lose." Hin features were working painfully. " She be lieves in me in spite of them all—ehe oaree for me: she could redeem me from the nit of bell if she would just hold out her hand and call my name; if there is suoh a place as heaven she, and she only oan open the gates for me. !I am liken crowning man brought gasping to laud. If this threat ia carried oat —do you see?—the gasping wretoh is flung j back ioto the waters to fiuiah bis drowning, | -just When he would sell his ooal for a longer draught of life!" " It is strange to see you under the infla MAa nf * near nasiinn " bAld PamhAP • •• VHH 'enceof a new passion," said Pember; "you to whom the love of money was at one time "all-absorbing. I wonder which of the two ia the stronger and the more lasting. Unless this disclosure is—well, very unpleasant : indeed—I would advise yon to take yonr wife Into yonr eonfidenoe and ateal a maroh upon 'the enemy." Thainston turned deadly pale. "Impos sible ; she would fling me off—she wonld hate and despise me." He brake off as if he were choking, leaning against the aide of an aroh way, wbioh apparently formed part of the pointed roof of some old dintag-hall, now choked up with grass and rank weeds. A plant of hemlook grew olose to the entrance. Thalneton drew himself together. " I had better stay here and sack hemlook stalks," he said; "or I might try the moat. It looks as if it were longing for a nice corpse. How well it wonld hide one, wouldn't it?" "HI knew the real nature of yonr diffi culties I might enter into yonr feelings more intelligently," suggested Pember. "Bead that, then." Thainston took a letter from bis pocket, and handed it to his friend. Pember read it slowly with chang ing face, and when he had done he paused for some gloomy seconds. " Yon seem to be rather in a mesB. What this disclosure with which he threatens you may be I, of conrse, don't know; bnt einoe yon regard it as im possible to tell yonr wife or brother-in-law why can't yon raise the money on yonr wife's prospects? "Good heavens, man J my wife's sncoeBBlon depends upon her brother a dying before her without heirs, and I oan't raise muoh money on that, as you may enppoBe! This fellow wants money, nothing more. If I will pay blm £10,000 in the coarse of two years he offers to give up to me the documents that imy happiness or ruin hang upon, and then I ehonld be a free man 1 Bat I need net say the thing Ib impossible. As eoon as the blow falls 1 must leave the country—my wife; it may not happen for a year, or a month; it may be to- morrow—to-night, perhapB. I hold what I hold from moment to moment, not knowing when it may be taken from me." "Mr. Thalneton 1 Mr. Thainston'! Where are yon?" The dreaded voice of Miss Tapiey oarae ringing aoroBS the water. " Confound that langhingiackass 1" Thain ston exolaimed savagely. In another minute she had skirted the moat and was npon them. "Come, Mr. Thainston, she clamoured, " you are neglecting yonr duties shookingly. Bvery one is going in—it is getting so chilly; and we are all as flat ob pancakes without yon. Yon can't think how dnll it is." "I can, quite easily," said Thainston shortly. When they reached the bouse they found that every one had returned to the drawing room. " Ibavejnetresoued Mr. Thainston from a horrible cold," cried Miss Tapiey. " I can see by that white chilled look he has that he bee had a narrow escape.'1' ** Tf In VTAfih wIiiIa havbti* 1 It le worth while having a cold in order to get dosed with your delightful black on rrant mash—what ia it yon oall it ?" said Fember, In order to draw attention from his friend. " What has been going on in oar absenoe?" " I have been tlying," said Clara Tapiey, " "r. Do ' to persuade Mr. Dong'lae to finish a story be was telling me at dinner about that old tree that grows beside the oaetle wall on the riverside." "You mean the Dale-tree," said Donglaa, bending towards her. "The tradition goes that some fellow wbo was running away with the wife of one of the Douglases oat of the 1 window of the room up there, which we call the grief-cbamber, flanged himself npon that tree beoanae the lady fell and wae killed aa they were esoaping. From that comes the nsme; Dale, or Grief Tree." " Then the room -yon oall the Dale Chamber is the one from which the elopement took plaoe ?■' said Thainston. " Yes, it is in the oldest part of the houBe, wbioh we do not inhabit." "If yon are fond of ghastly stories. Miss Tapiey," Stewart Pember pat in, "thatroom wonla-keep you supplied for a thousand and one nights, and cnrdle yonr blood and play the ' fretful poroupine' with your hair to your heart's oentent, Old Buchanan was regaling me with some thiB afternoon." "Oh, that delightful old bntier; I muBt make love to him, and get him to tell his stories to me. But, Mr. Douglas, won't you give ue eome? Ah 1 do now." Douglas flashed at her pleading. " Story-telling is not exaotly in my line," he eaid, " bnt I will do my best. There seeme to be a sort of oolouy of ghosts in the Dole Chamber, if we are to believe all we hear—and every person who eleepB there is eaid to be fonnd next morning dead in hie bed, or mad. The last incident on reoord is the disappearance of my namesake, John Douglas, eome time in the last oentnry. He Blept in the room, and in the morning was nowhere to be eeen, and from that day to this hie fate remains a mystery." " I suppose he got oat of the window or ap the ohimney," said Stewart Pember. " No, because the chimney bad been covered with an iron grating, and the windows were fastened in euoh a way as to prove that they had not been opened dnring the night; they eonld not be fastened again from outeide." "Then how do yon acoonnt for the dis appearance ?" aBked the bridegroom. " We acconnt for it by murder, Mr. Thain ston," said Mrs. Jardine. " Nothing more or less romantio than that." "Obi that's quite enough to pleaee me, I assure yon," he returned, "In olden times," Mrs. Jardine pursued. " it was thought, at least very natural, if not exaotly right, to cut the throat of yonr uncle, or yonr cousin, who was bo nnoourteona as to stand in the way of the encoeaaion. My notion ie that snob crimes were really at the bottom of half the gruesome ghost stories connected with the room. It le notioeable, at any rate, that these grow fewer as we draw near to more civilized times," "No doubt, no doubt," eaid Donglas ; mere question of mnrder, and so firmly am I oonvinoed of it that I wouldn't mind sleeping In that room, ghosts, olanking ohains, and bine lights notwithstanding." The Misses Tapiey, annt, and nleoe broke into a fit of screaming. "I fear yon really believe in ghost*," said Thainston; " a terrible weakness to have to confess to at the end of the nineteenth cen tury." " I think I might cure Miss Clara's terrible weakneee," arid Donglas, confidently. " What ehonld yon Bay if I undertook the feat of my anoeetors—to sleep in the Dale Chamber and to disappear next morning, leaving the windows fastened ae they are at present, and allowing myself to be looked in from ontaide —of course being left qnite alone and not sought for till the breakfast hour on the fol lowing day ?' "I ehonld say that you were the bravest man 1 e*er met," answered Clara, with feel ing. John oolonred, and a look of pleasure oame into bis face. " Not mnch chance of yonr wife's succeed ing to the property, methinke," Fember muttered into Thaioston's ear. "Evelyn, will you have the Dule Chamber prepared for me to-night ?" said her brother. Mrs. Jar dine gave a visible start. " Nonsense, John; don't be so ridiculous!" she exolalmed sharply. "Bow is it ridiculous, Mrs. Jardine?" Thalnston enquired. " We shall think you want to get rid of Mr. Douglas!" cried MiBS Tapley with rend ing laughter; "that damp old room is enough to kill him without the help of ghosts or goblins." " Yes, it is a most suspicious circumstanoe that Mr. Thalnston urges Douglas to risk the horrors of blue fire and heedless phantomB," put in a jocular youth of unbelieving tenden cies. The others laughed, and Mrs. Jardine was J hoping that the proposal would be forgotten and the conversation led into other channels, when Douglas, whose obstinacy had been | roused by her unoeromonious opposition, began again to urge his sister to give orders for the preparation of the room. " £ am really set upon it," he said. _ " A Douglas to the backbone," cried Mrs. Jardine impatiently. " If he says he will do a thing he will do it, right or wrong, though he dies for it!" " I can assure you I have no notion of i dying for it in thu case," said Douglas, " I want to prove to you all that ghosts respeot bone and musole, and allow unbelievers to go anmoleBted; also that mysterious disap pearances oan be effeoted without the aid of spirits. I shall return to-morrow evening in tune to dress for dinner .neither madder nor sorrier than you see me at this moment." There was no gainsaying him. The order was given, and after the lapse of sufficient i time to allow of its being carried out, Douglas led the whole party to examine the room for themselves before looking him in for | the night. They streamed across the hall, i talking and laughing, the host on ahead i held aloft a quaint old lamp to light them np the winding staircase that wbb situated, after | a frequent fashion in old Scottish houses, in a small round tower. There was a slight hush, and one oonld hear the rustle of silk and the mnrmur of low talk, as the gay pro cession wound upwards and passed into the chill of uninhabited regions, lighted solely by that one small oil-lamp carried by the leader. " Here we are," he said, 'stopping before a door that opened direotly upon the stair case. The key was in the lock; Douglas turned the haudle and entered the room, the others crowding in after him in exoited silence. It | was large and bare ; so much so that the fire burning at the farther end in the great fire place seemed quite unable to enliven its cheerless gloom. " I would not paBB the night here for a ■kingdom !" cried Clara Tapley. All the girls clung nervously together in groups, trying to fancy themselves unaffeoted by the stories they had heard, while the men went abont sounding the wails, peering into corners and recesses, and doing their best to discover some secret door or eliding panel by which Douglas's boast might be made good. But all in vain. The sceptioal yonng man suggested that I there was some seoret chamber where one | could hide, and thus impose upon the oredulity of the simple. I "You would be simple indeed if you imagine me remaining for a whole day in a seoret chamber with nothing to do or to eat," said Douglas; "besides, 1 told you I should return in time for dinner to-morrow, and if J the door is looked how is that to be done, secret chamber, or no secret chamber?" " Perhaps it has a window you could get out of?" " No," said Tfaainston," every window on that side of the castle is accounted for." '"Well, anyhow, I think we had better paste paper over tbe junotion of the windows and the sashes In this room, so as to make sure he does not eeoapo that way," suggested the sceptic. Bis proposal was adopted, though every one laughed at the precaution, seeing that the windows were 200 feet from the ground. While this was being done, Douglas fol lowed bis brother-in-law to the hearth, where i he stood warming his hands and taking a | searohing survey of Che fireplace and Its sur roundings. "Yon need not suppose I get up the chimney," said Douglas, "for there is a strong iron grating at the top, put there we imagine to prevent jackdaws building on it." " I did not give yon orodit for such enter prise or agility," returned Thainston. "Have you disoovered the secret, then? j Don't let it out if you have and spoil the fun. I thick I bad better explain the whole ] thlDgtoy on.especially asyou seem tohaveyour | BUBpicloDS already. There is always a possi bility of being taken ill, and I believe not a human being oxoept myself knows the secret. In ease of any each mishap, you see, ft is just on tbe oards that I might never be found." The next words were spoken In a lower tone, though the noise going on in the other part of the room rendered suoh precaution nnnecea eary. A louder buret of talk and laughter made Douglas instinctively raise his voice again. "After Buchanan looks the front door to-night take care to unlock it secretly; , I Bhall sleep in my own room as nsual after 1 make my escape, and get away again before j any one is np. I have business in Glasgow, and shall be glad of the day's holiday from my duties as host. I will leave you to take my place till dinner-time. What's the j matter? You look as if you had seen a ghost." Douglas followed the direction of Thain ston'e eyes, which were fixed strangely on vacancy. "NoghoBt, IaHsureyou," he said, pulling himself together with rather a ghastly smile, "1 was looking at the moonlight on the oirole of mist that rises from the moat." "Yes, enrions effect, iBn't it?" said Douglas. Oh ! by the way, don't let them sit up smoking very late to-night, or I may be seen coming in." 1 Thainston nodded, and the two men walked over to join the reet of the party. "Are you not satisfied yet?" asked Douglas. " Quite satisfied: we can find nothing;" was the nnanimons reply. " Then I think you had better turn out. Some one in tbe presence of you all can look me in, and Thainston will take oharge of the key." In a minute the room was cleared, and the ceremony of looking-in was duly performed. Thainston refused to take the key, saying it should be left in their joint oharge, and might be plaoed in an oak cabinet in the hall, ana there sealed up, in case old Buchanan, the bntler, or any one else ehonld turn ac complice. The key, therefore, was solemnly laid in one of tie drawers of the cablact, which was i sealed with doe care, as Thainstaa had pro- j posed. " Now," said Evelyn, " I suppose yon Hi regulated men will insist upon your smoke as I usual notwithstanding the late hour; but I think tbe reasonable portion oi the company bad better retire at onoe." So saying she led j tbe ladies upstairs, while her husband con ducted the representatives of the ' ill-regu lated* sex to the smoking-room. " It is far too hot for more than one oigar," : he said, "we had better be fresh for our shooting to-morrow." Everyone agreed, and the smoking party separated at the end of about half-an- hour. " My dear," said Mrs. Jardine to Evelyn as they parted for the night, " I am anxious about John. What a stupid fellow he is! I wish to goodness he were safe in his own room." " Oh 1 it's all_ right," Evelyn replied. " I know all about it. Don't be alarmed." But she went off to her own room vaguely dis turbed by Mrs. Jardine's words. Seeking her favourite haunt by the deep set window, she looked out through the leaves of the Dale-tree upon the river. About a mile from the honee stood the ruins whose Eoeition the moonlight rendered dimly visible y shining on the ring of mist above the moat. Evelyn gave a slight start; a thought had struck her. To set her mind quite at rest she would go down to the ruins and meet her brother as he made his escape from the underground passage; Gilbert would cer tainlv not get awBy from the smoking-room for at leaBt an hour, and there wonld be plenty of time to return before he did, bo that her absenoe would oause him no alarm. Flinging on a dark-coloured cloak, she descended the Btairoase and crossed the hall, finding the front door unlooked. *' Then he means to return to his own room to-night," she thought, "and he must have taken Buchanan into his confidence, though that seemed very unlikely—an old ohatter box like him.' Then it etruok her that her brother and her hUBband had been conversing apart for some minuteB in the Dule-ohamber, and she swiftly arrived at the conclusion that Gilbert and not the old butler had been let into the secret. A short walkthroughs woodland pathway brought her to the ruins, whioh she entered, orossing a rough arrange ment of logs and planks that took the place of the drawbridge of ancient times. She descended first to a Bort of ruined crypt, sup posed to have been used as an underground chapel, for there were still remains of altars and places for holy water. Tbe moonlight was shining through the broken roof, revealing vistas of short, thiok pillars, with archeB interlacing and throw ing pall-like mosses of gloom across the nneven floor. Evelyn paused before one par ticular arch, which she had evidently sought out. for it was reached after a rather bewil dering journey through twisting passages and Bilent labyrinths, vaguely lighted through the rnined roof. It was almost choked with weeds, and near the entranoe stood a large plant of hemlock, whose every blade and tiniest flower stood out in the white light bb if covered with a strong hoar troBt. Evelyn waited here for sometime, but finding it damp and chilly underground ehe mounted by a flight of broken steps to the ramparts, whenee she oould still keep in sight the arohway that she had come to watch. Selecting a sheltered nook among the ruined battlements she sat down and waited bb patiently as she oonld for her brother to emerge from the sub terranean passage, whose further end com municated, as she knew, with a secret stair case, bnilt moBt cunningly in the thickness of the twelve-foot wall, and leading to the Dale | chamber of the castle. The minutes passed, and the eilenee re mained unbroken, the weeds and grasses in the arohway still unmoved. Evelyn began to grow impatient. The night damps were stealing from the moat, that gleamed up with a dall whiteness and sent a shiver to her heart, for it looked to her—she knew not why—like a dead man's faoe. Tbe stillness was intense; everything seemed to be suspended—waiting; the air was thick with seoretB. " Why does he not come?" thought the im patient watcher. She tried to fanoy that the tall hemlocks stirred in the arohway, but ehe knew that they stood motionless as death. Suddenly a sound made her etart; the sound of a splash, aB if a large stone or some heavy body had fallen into the moat on the northern side. It waB not long or loud; there was even something secret and stealthy about it, something that made the hearer's pulses quiaken with a siokening fear. Her first thought waB that her brother, having emerged from the arohway before her arrival, had met with some acoideut and fallen into the moat. She started to her feet with the intention of hurrying to the spot, when she was relieved to hear footsteps comingfrom thatdireotion. Evidently Douglas had either succeeded in getting out unas sisted, or the splash had merely been caused by a Btone rolling in. She hastened to the head of the flight of steps, and waited in the dense shadow of a ruined turret for her brother to come in sight. A figure passed below almost immediately, and Evelyn wbb on the point of calling "John," when the man by some ohanoe or instinct looked baok. The word died on her lips ; her beart gave a bound and then stood still, for the faoe that tbe moonlight shone upon full and clear was not her brother's bat her husband's. (To be eontinued.) 