COUNTRY NEWS. ' 5r "\VIEE.— FUOM OUR Correspondents. "RATaLARAT. MON-OAT. Tho Rov, Mr. Christopher Logan, late of Carlow College, Ireland, and Latliurst College, Now South AVales, was ordained priest at St. Patrick's Cathedral yesterday, at the 11 o'clock mass. Bishop Moore officiated, and ho was assisted by Monsignor Hoyne and Father Carey, of the Ordor of the Holy Ghost. Dr. Delancy subsequently preached a sermon on St. Patrick. A man named Henry Bay had his back broken while working at tho coal gears, Ballarat East, on Saturday. He lies in tho hospital iu a critical condition. In tho case .of tho death of a young man named AVilliam O'Neil, aged 20 years, a resident of Ballarat East, it was thought that a man, known as. tho "Bone Setter," and a Chines© herbalist would have been involved, as both had prescribed for the deceased, but at tho adjourned inquest on Saturday the jury found that O'Neil died from infiltratiou of water iivt-o tho lungs, and the unqualified practitioners treated deceased for a sore on his leg only. A thunderstorm broke over Ballarat this morning. Subsequently almost continuous rain set in, much to the delight of tho residents of the district. Bain is greatly needed in and around Ballarat, and ouly a continuous down pour will avert a water famine. CASTLEMAINE, Monday. A statement having been published in the Sandhurst press to the effect that strained rela tionship exists between tho Castlemaino and Sandhurst detachments of tho 4th battalion Victorian Rifles, Lieutenant- Colonel Aitken denies tho authenticity of such statement. At the muster of the Sandhurst contingent at Castlemaino on Saturday, Major Palliser made allusion to tho matter, and threatened to have any membor arrested who signed tho proposed petition in favor of Sergeant-Major Tracey's retention in tho battalion, as it was contrary to the discipline and regulations of tho militia forces. The proposed transference ot this officer to the 2nd battalion seems to meet with the disapprobation of tho Sandhurst militiamen, but tho Castlemaino men are taking not tho slightest part in the matter, and their relations with their comrades in Quartzopolis are as friendly ns ever. The weather has been very hot during the past fow days, and to-day a thunderstorm occurred. Several sliowprs fell, and tho atmo sphere is now much cooler. CRESWICK, Monday. A sudden death occurred here at about 7 a.m., whun Alfred Death, storekeeper, was found lyinj dead in a room at the back of a shop occu pied by A'Beckett and Co., seedsmen, which business deceased had conducted for several yearn. A verdict was returned at the inquest that the deceased had died from syncope. GEELONG, Monday, Tho Supreme Court sittings wero commenced to-day before his Honor Justice Holroyd. A man named Samuel Leo, alias Samuel Lee Madrid was found guilty of obtaining money by moans of false pretences from Mr. Alfred Owen, chemist. The prisoner had purchased two bottles of sarsaparilla from Mr. Owen, and tendered a cheque for £1 17s. 6d., receiving £1 10s- 6d. change. Tho ohequo was found iw> be valueless. Tho prisoner was remanded for sentence. Mary Ann Apple- ton pleaded guilty to having inflicted grievous bodily harm on Thomas "White, at Barwon iDowns, on tlio 21st December last, aiid William Forbes, a waiter, pleaded guilty to having stolen jewellery ancl money from Sirs. Bedford, of the Terminus Hotel. Both prisoners wero rem anded for sentence. The court was then adjourned till this morning. MALDON, Monday. Air. ThWiVites, an engineer connected with the Public Works department, paid a visit to this district on Saturday for tho purpose of inspcr! ing the dame igesdono to tlio several public wurks within tho shire by the recent floods, and with a view of reporting to tho department concerning tho amount to be voted as a grant in aid. He was met by the president I'Cr. Pollard)aud otllcr councillors, and the secretruy and clerk of works, and shown the damage do: le by the floods. Mr. Thwaites said he would submit his report to the depart ment, and led ithc mortibers of tho council to understand tha t tho local claim would be favorably dealt with. After much agi tation the new railway station lias been opened f or public business. The new buildings avo handsome in design and commo dious, and the change from the primitive con veniences hitherto available is greatly appre ciated by the travelling public. NAGAMBIE, Monday. Tho timber trade is still brisk, the tenders of .two local saw millers being recently nccopted for sleepers, and 68 trucks wero loaded at Nagam- hie station on Sunday with sleepers and fire wood. TALBOT, Monday. About 10 o'clock on Friday night the stablo buildings on Mr. Peter Sebirc's farm, about a mile from tho township, wero destroyed by fire, and two valuable horses burnt to death, besides pigs, poultry, a reaping machine and a waggon laden with produce. Many of tho trees in tho orchard adjacent were severely scorched by tho flames and heat. The property was uninsured." 