CHAPTER XI. IN THE PLANTATION. wuuinmc singing a west-country ditty. 4 *lo?~b!(U'k~ rj/r»-'' A pause in the singing, and the striking of several blows with a rongh hoe, tho to destruction of woods in a coffee-plantation ; whfle, as the chops of the hoe struck the clods of earth, the fetters worn by tho striker guye forth faint clink*. Then in a. pleasant musical voice the singer Went on with another line : 44 And hi* curly hair-” More chops with the hoc, and clinks of the fetters. 44 Hit plcasitty cote*-” A heavy thump with the back of tho tool to an obsunato clod, which took *ereraJ more strokes before it crumbled up ; and all the time tho fetters clinked and clanked loudly. Then the singer went on with tho sweet old minor air with its childish words. '* -Did my heart curt)arc-44 Chop i chop ! clink! clink ! clank ! ** Genteel he tra+— —M 44 But no rake like you,** ^ ^ **7* Abel, mate; don’t, lad, 44 Don’t what V* said Abel Dell, resting upon his hoe, and looking up at big Bart Wriglej, clothed like himself, armed with a hoe, and alao^ decorated with fetters, as he stood wiping the perspiration from his forehead. 44 Don’t sing that there old song. It dc make me feel m unk«L” •” linked, Bart l Well, what if it does l These are unked days.” 44 Ay, but each tame you sing that, I seem to see the rockB along by the shore at homo, with the ivr hanging down, and the sheep feeding, ana the sea rolling in, and tho blue «ky, with gull* a-flying, and it makes me feci like a boy again, and big as I am, as If I should cry.*4 44 Always were like a big boy, Bart. Hoe hid, the overseer's looking.** went on chopping weeds, diligently following his friend’s example, as a sour* looking, yellow-faced man came by, in company with a soldier loosely shouldering his musket. Bnt thoy passed by without speaking, and Abd continued : ^J^Ihere’s sea here, and blue sky and sun* “ Ay/* said Bart, 41 there** sunshine hot enough to fry a mackerel. Place is right enough if you was free; but it ar’n’t home, Abel—it ar’n’t home.” 44 Home I no,’* said the young man, savagely. But we have no homo. She spoiled that.” There was an interval of weed-chopping and clod-breaking, tho young men’s chains dunking loudly, as they worked now bo energetically that the - overseer noted their proewdings, and pointed them oat as example* to an idle hand. “ An ! you’re a hard 'an, Abel,” remarked Bart, after a time. “Tee ; and you’re asoft 'un, Bart.' She could always turn you round her little “tAy, bless her ! and she didn't tell on “ Ye*, she did,” aaid Abel, aonrly ; and he turned his bock upon his companion, and tolled away to hide the working of bis facet The son shone down as hotly as it o«n shine in the West Indies, and the coarse shirts the young men wore showed patches of moisture where the perspiration came through ; but they worked on, for the labour deadened the misery in their breasts. And yet it was a very paradise an fur as nature was concerned. Man had spoiled it as far aa he could, his cultivation being but a poor recompense for turning so lovely a spot into a plantation worked' by convicts—by men who fouled the' ambiimt air'<&& moment they opened their lips ; while, from time to time, the earth was stained with blood. In the distance shone the sea, and between thepiantadon and the silver coral sands lay patches of virgin forest, where the richest and most luxuriant of tropic growth revelled in the heat and moistnre, while in tho sunny patches brilliant flowers blossomed. Then came wild tangle, cane-brake, and in one place, where a creek indented the land, weird looking mangroves spread their leafage over their muddy scaffolds of aerial roots. “ How long have we -been here, mate 1” said Bart, after a pause. “ Dunno,” replied Abel, fiercely. . Here ho began chopping more vigorously. “ How long will they keep us in this hero place .”’ said Bart, after another interval, aud he looked from the beautiful shore at the bottom of the slope on which thov worked to the cluster • of stone and wood-built buildings, which formed the prison and the station. farm, with factory and mill nil worked by convict labour, while those in the neighbourhood were managed by blacks. Abel did not answer, only scowled fiercely, and Bart sighed aud repeated his question. “ Till we die f ’ said Abel, savagely ; “ same as wc’vo seen other fellows die—of fever and hard work, and the lush. Curse the captain. Curse-" Bart clapped one hand oyer his companion’s lips, and he held the other behind his head, dropping his hoe to leave full liberty to act. “ I never quarrels with you, Abel, lad,’’ he said, shortly ; but if you says words again that poor gell, I’m going to fight—and that won’t do. Is it easy?” Abel seemed disposed to struggle ; but he gave in, noddod his head, and Bart loosed him and picked up his hoe, just as the over seer, who had come softly up behind, brought dewn the whip he carried with stinging violence across the shoulders of first one and then the other. The young men sprang round savagely ; but there wns a sentiy close behind, musket armed, and with bayonet fixed, and they knew that fifty soldiers were within call, and"that if they struck their taskmaster down and made for the jungle, they would be hunted out with dogs, be shot down like wild beasts, or die of starvation, as other un fortunates had died before them. There was nothing far H but to resume their labour aud boe to the clanking of their fetters, while, after promise of what was to follow, in the shape of tying up to the triangles and the cat, if they quarrelled again, thooveraeor went onto see to the others of his flock. “ It’s worse than a dog’s life!” said Abd, bitterly. “ A dog does get patted as well as kicked. Bart, lad, I’m sorry I got you that lash." I “ Hay, lad, never mind," said Bart. “ I i_ sorry for yon ; but don’t speak hard things of Mary. “ I’ll try not,’! said Abel, os he hoed away excitedly; “but I hopo this coffee we grow may poison those who drink it.” “What for? They can’t help it," said Bart, smiling. “ There, lad, take it ooolly. Some day we may make a run for it.” “ And be shot!" said Abel, bitterly. “There, you’re down to the end of that row. I'll go this way. He’s watching Bart obeyed. He was one who always did obey; and by degrees the young men were working right away from each other, Hll they ..were a. good, two hundred yards *Abel was ht the end of his row first, and he stopped and turned to begin again, and go down, so os to pass Bart about the middle of the clearing; bnt Bart had another minute’s chopping to do before timing. : He was dose up to a dense patch of forest —one wild tangle of cone and creeper, which literally tied tho tall trees together and made the forest impassable—when the shrieking of a kind of jay, which had been flitting about excitedly, stopped, and was followed by the melodious,whistle of a white; bird and the twittering of quite a flock of little follows of a gorgeous scarlet- crimson. Tlien the shrieking at several parrots answering each other •roes; while just above Batin head, wbme cluslets ul Uimipot-sliapcd b’o3soms Lung down from the edge of the forest, scores of brilliantly-scaled humming-birds literally busted on almost transparent wing, and then suspended themselves in mid-air ns they probed tho nectaries of the flowers with their long bills. “You’re beauties, you are,” said Bnrt, stopping to wipe his brow; “but I’d give tho hull lot on you for a sight of ono good old snrey sparrer a-sitting ou the cottage roof and saying rliirZ-tliip/. Ah J shall un ever see old Devonshire again . The parrots hung upsiilo-down, and the tiny humming-birds flitted here and there, displaying, from time to time, the brilliancy of their scale-liko feathers, and Bart glanced at his fellow convict and was about to work back, when there came a sound from out of the dark forest which made him staro wildly, and then the sound arose again. Bart changed colour, and did not stop to hoe, but walked rapidly across to Abel. “ What’sthe matter J” said tho latter. “Dunno, lad,” said tho other, rubbing his brow with his arm; “ but there's some thing wrong.” “What is it?” “That’s what I dunno: hut just now something said quite plain, ‘ Bart! Bart!”’ “Nonsense! You are dreaming.” 11 Nay. I was wide awoke ms I am now. and as X turned and stared it said it again.” “It said it?” “ Well, she said it.” “ P°U parrot,” said Abel, gruffly. “ Go 1 on with your work. Here's the overseer.” The young men. worked away, and their supervisor passed them, and, apparently satisfied, continued his journey round. “ *&»y have been a poll partot,” said Bart. “ They do talk plain, Abel, lad; but this sounded like something else.” “ What else could it ho ?” “ Sounded like a ghost.” .Abel burst into a hearty laugh—so hearty i J&at; Bart’s face was slowly overspread by a broad smile. “ ^y. b»d, that’s hotter,” ho said, RTbuly. “J. ar'n’t seen you do that, for months. Work away.” ' The hint was given because of the overseer 1 glancing in their direction; and they now , worked on together slowly, going down the row toward the jungle, at which Bart kept on darting uneasy glances. 1 44 Enough to make a man laugh to hear 1 you talk of ghosts, Bart,” said Abel, after a 44 What could it be, then F* 1 44 Parrot some lady tamed,” said Abel, shortly, as they worked on side by side, 14 escaped to the woods again. Some of , these birds talk just like a Christian.'* rfawL IJart, after a few momenta* , <nuct thought, 44 I’ve heered ’em, lad; but ] there a no poll parrot out hero as knows j 44 Knows you ?*' 4 J4 Well, didn't X tell you as it called to me * 4 Bart! Burt V ** ^ Sounded like it,” said Abel, laconically. ] 44 What docs he want ?*’ ^ . ^or then the overseer shouted, and g^ngmeu to come to him. “To begin another job—log-rolling, I * think, * growled Bart, shouldering his hoc. ] At that moment, as Abel followed his 1 example, there came in a low, eager tone of ( voic© from out of the jungle, twenty yards t 44^Bart 1—Abel J—Abel ^ 44 .Don’t look,” whispered Abel, who J reded as if struck, and recovered himself to 1 catch his companion by the arm. “All - right! he saia aloud; “ we'Ll bo here to* * morrow. We must go.1* 1 