THE MOUNT GAMBIER ATHLETIC CLUB SPORTS. VISIONS THROUGH THE FOG AS SEEN BY MOONLIGHT. (BY THE SPY.) M 'T1b just two years ago to-day " since I had the privilege of giving a synopsis of the sayings and doings of the oattle engaged in connection with the above aporta, and when it ia taken in to consideration that the bipeds in active train ing shun "yours truly" at every opportunity, and moat religiously deoline to show their hand (beg pardon, leet, I Bhould say) in my presence, therefore it will ba seen that a " tipster's lot is nob a happy one " as they say in Tambour Majaw I There is too rauoh of the Bravo taotica about our looal psda, and too little of the ooeo and more manly course adopted by Mr, Donald Wallaoe when he informed the Melbourne public of the day on which the great Carbine was to have a trial. It does seem amueing that such profound secrecy should ba observed, as I don't suppose there is enough metal behind the whole box and dice of them to purohaaa a share in the sensational Round Hill mine. Although looked upon as a noodle at the game I flatter myself I know a little, more than many of the snowing ones imagine, tha " moonlighters " and knowing " shaver " into the bargain. Before dissecting the competitors interested it may be as well to state that the Oval looks at its best, and carpeted as it ia with lovely green grass, the attendance on Monday should be up to former years. There ia only one thing required to make the gathering a success, and that is fine weather, At the time of writing the "glaaB" iB in a favorable mood, and Professor What's hia-name prognosticates in the same direction. The first event which claims my attention is the Athletic Club Handicap, of 130 yards. D. MacKenzie, according to performances, is just where he should be with 2 yards from scratch, but at the same time I reckon Debnam, Bailey, and Morris have just a yard or so too much on the Plying Scotchman. To the eye his condition does not quite please me, but as he has been running in the light of the moon lately he may have improved. If his condi tion were good I would tip him to win, but under the circumstances I must pass him this journey. J. J. Bruder, with 5 yards, is a Lawloit man. He was at the 10 yards mark up Kaniva way the other day, but was soon out of it. He will have to be a little more sudden if he wishes to catch the judge's eye first on Monday. I admit Victoria is a bit ahead of South Australia in most things, and will not be at all surprised if the brooding Lawloiter upsets the pot. We shall see ! No one will grudge him his victory provided he acts on the strict Q.T., but I think we can find a few 18-year-old lads down in this part who could give him a few points. Debnam is in good form, and will be hard to beat. Frim,, his trainer, has put a lot of elbow grease on, so much so that he has rubbed all the bark off. Bailey and Kemp must be treated with re spect, and good accounts of both reach me. Morris, 11 yards, is as fit as the proverbial violin, and without mincing matters I dub him the absolute winner. Can't see Bigwood and Lane in it. Blackmore is unknown to me. W. Barratt has turned "roarer," and must pass him. Whalan ia too slow for a funeral, and Scott will be first at the wrong end, I place them---- MORRIS 1 DEBNAM 2 BAILEY 3 The Quarter Mite Handicap is ft popular one with the public, as it goes very quiokly to show the man with moat oourage and endur ance. Should Bailey eleot to Btart for this he pretty well holda those above him safe, He won a similar race on 3t. Patrick's Day in fine style, so you see he can get the distance, He has most to fear from Buchanan, who also can stay, and does his work in moonshine. Peter haa a good trainer, who understands his busi ness j and Sullivan eaya it will ba a " close shave " whoever wins. Debnara is in it, but it is unlikely he will spoil his ohanoe for the big event in starting for this. If he does I shall give him a place, He did it in 55 seconds, ac cording to Timekeeper Glover, Ohesterneld, with 22 yards, is not out of this by any means. He is on the big side, and as ho can leave 53 seconds behind him his ohance is not to be sneezed at. Lane and Williams will find the pace too hot for them.; K, MaoKenzie is troubled with the slows; and Plunkett went bung on Thursday evening, I go for BAILEY or BUQHANAN X CHESTERFIELD 2 DEBNAM ... 8 The Maiden Hurdles look a soft thing for MaoKenzie on paper, and should he stand up I will look no further for the winner. The Punt people say that MaoOuapice is as good as they make 'em. Perhaps so ; but I doubt it, A. Stafford is a slippery young fellow, and if his heart is only in the right place he may aohieve a victory. Next to him I like his stable com panion, 0. Neil, who carries all the Rosaville stuff. He shaped very well in Mason's pad dock the other evening, and should run into a place. The others are unknown to feme* My selection is MAOKENZIE ... 1 A. Stafford ... 2 0, NEIL 8 The Handicap Hurdles should furnish one of the best contests of the day, Hudson is held in most esteem by the handicappers, and is entitled to it to a certain extent. J, Stafford is next with 8 yards ; but commend me to P. Buohanan (7 yards) and 0. Spring (10 yards), They are both good and true men at the match wood business, and I shall be somewhat dis appointed if the Wilderness man fails to lower the colours of the Caledonian. The latter will have the beat of the training, as the "hinfant" understands his work thoroughly, but all things being equal Spring will just about catoh the judge's eye first. Gurtiain and Barry are backblockers, but I like them not. Mac Auspice and Whalan have not the ghost of a ohanoe unless all hands and the cook came to grief. A. Stafford, with X3 yards, has a much better ohance than in the Maiden Hurdles, wherein he is placed on the 7 yards mark. 1 Din mv faith on-, SPUING X BUCHANAN ... ... 2 J. STAFFORD 8 The Members' Race, of 100 yards, ahould cause a bit of a flutter. P. MaoKenzie is on the 2 yards mark, and I reokon he can give Olark (a 4 yards man) 3 yards and a beating. His work will be out out to beat Chesterfield and Debuam (both 8 yards), and the result will depend mainly on the start. Olark shines in this respeot. K. MaoKenaie says he is only afraid of Debby, and intends to give him a cup of Paou Ohung on Sunday afternoon, Do you twig? Kenneth wants to win this race at all hazards, but, mine friend, I think it is be yond your grasp, D. MaoKenzie and Dehorn will have had a lot of running pro ^ia event comes off, and the othefq \^iU "be fairly fresh. I shall wpept ^ satruggle between Chester field aqd Jflehiwm, ancl shall plump for ... 1 Debnam 2 D. MaoKtoib 3 The Bicycle E(,ace should result IjltWT! TAiW ,,, 1 W, VWW!R8TQ>{ 3 the rest nowhere. In oopolqaion, it is to be hoped everything wiU'paaaofif well, and that the sport will be of the keenest character. I have given tips for these events as well as I wuld under adverse ciroumstances, a^d if they should be within ooo- ee of t^e final yeauHa op Monday, I shall be amply Repaid for the worry and tear J have been put to in ascertaining reliable information. In the meantime may the promoters have a gay and festive day of it, w\ pevhapa I may be there to see, Yqlb. 