.flocelist. , ; The Midnight Prophecy \- - OR, , HEIR OP STRATHSPEY .TOWERS. Jtff Emma Garrison Jonce- CHAPTER XXXVI. ' judi't'u finds a cede. ;;„ '.slmiijr Oeoiliji Drummoncl lind issiiod: , . 'oards for a largo party, and it chancod that Lady Novillo'a maid had fallon ill. Don't you think you can. hnd iipio to \- ' dress' mo. Janet, tvhon you.'linvo dono with Lady Marguorito ?" quostionod lior ' ,3 ; . .ladyship. " : Janet waB Buro slio could, and accord ingly, having rohod Lady l'oari in hor ,: / . palo, golden silk, and fastened tho pearls about Iter lovely throat nnd in lior ' golden hair, she tripped across to Lady Neville's magnificent drosaing-room. "You'll lmvo to hurry a trille, Janot," said her ladyship ; "wo'vo n» tin, o to lose, and I do not caro to bo Into " \- " --So Janet aot to work with nimbloGngon. . Slio was an artist in hor way, and her ' - ' taste in "dress was oxquisito. " Really, Janot, 1 must compliment your skill,1' , said the carl's handsome , . gistor, surveying hdrsolf in n mirror ; "my :.! -,, hair is perfect. And hgw," she added, , graciously, "bo good- onougii tb select ,„ what ornaments. I shall wear ; no dpu'ot \- you know bettor than I." Janot Burvoyod hor with a critical cyo, from the. brown of hor handsome blondo ' hoad to tho. ilowing train of her sweeping bln'ok volvot robo. . '.'Diamonds," sho said, curtly, unlock- ing the jowel-caso ; " the solitairo in your \- -bosonii- and " thoso bracolcts — not tho ; ,, bandeau, 'tis- too heavy--and thoso 'oatnellias nro iiiuoh nioro becoming, with "<: a sprig of green and scarlot to giyo thpm ,, Jjidy Nevillo amilcd ns Jaiiet clasped ' - "tho jewels, and fastened the flowers in her hair. % I shall liavo to bribo you nway from Lady Marguorito," sho Baid, pleasantly. VI havo not been so: well drcssod in- a month. And there's the carriage and horo comos Lady Poarl-1 My cloak and. gloves, plcasb." :,. ' Janet brought thcm, nnd ns sho throw the ologent niaofio' over the stntuly matron's shoulders,' slio said, in hor qui>.t way.; . ' .; ' ' .; " 1 nrn very Borryi Lady Novillb, hut I shall bo compoilbd: to loavo oh Mon day.'' . Lady;Norillo:turiiod and stared at , hor in amaze. . ' ''Todcavo. Janet?" sho oriod. "For what rOi«ui), .pVay ? Do you.want higher wages ? : What is it ' ''No,i iiiy. lady niy wages nro sat 13- fnoiorv, yb'it thero. aro perstinid mattbrs tlint foreo mo to leave, and I rogrct it very much." " 't.So do' X," said hor ladyship, candidly, t You hro a refilled, capahio. girl, and I should very much like. Lndy flXarguurito to keep, you after licr marriage, Janot. Ybu would have n porintitient' home.'' \- I hTii:,very: sorry,", said Janet, " but I- am compollcd " to go, at least for a time." . s . "'But .you wiil couio baok to mc, Janet," cried Ponrl, who'had entered and heard tho conversation' ; "you Kill como back to ino'if" : ; > .. "'.Indeed I: wiI1,:my dear young lady, just as soon fus I can, "replied Janet, the tears rising to her eyes. . . "Well," said Lady Neville, "I am sorry ;. -hut if it cannot bo helped, thoro's rio use in wasting words, about it. Gonto, Marguorito, the enrringb waits, and wo shall .barely mako the drivo in timo." They swept out of the room nnd down tne broad staircase,' and Jnnot, crossing tb tho window, watched them ns thoy cn- tored tho carriage. Sir Bnyard Brompten, who was" a guosl at tho Towers, vroa their escort, of courso. Ho fan down tho steps, bowing and smil ing, bird assisted them into the carriago, nnd Janot's watchful eyes . saw that Lady Marguerite, in lior golden drapery, shrank away from his touch with'ill-concoalcd aversion. "Poor little Pearl I" sho sighed, and tho tears that filled her eyes overflowed Pearl 1 She dislikes, him now, nml sho'U hato him by and by. Poor littlo girl, who ncvor .know a-, inothor's lovo 1 It breaks my heart to leave hor in tiio troubles that's coming ; hot I must, I must go and find, my lady I Thoro'ii something iu my lietirt that tells mo I must go 1" She turned from tho window into tho sumptuous apartment. All tho rooms nt tho Towors wero very qunint nnd grand, aud this ono, chosen by Lady Neville was very largo, nnd gorgeously furnished in blue and gold. Just across was n suito of tlirco, in pjnk, nnd white, and gold, which the carl had especially refurnished for his dnughter, nnd beyond, gloomy nnd silent, was tho groat crimson siatc-chambcr, tho birtli and bridal-room of the Strathspeys, closed and Iockod, and filled with haunt ing spectros. \- Jimat. Bnrna stood looking about her, tho pnlc, tliir.on_«iir-j)inUsd..hack Jxam. hor brow, hor heart filled with memories of days gono by. She half fancied she could see the couritcss as alio looked in the onrly days other happy wifehood, trjpping through the grand rooms, and filling them with music and sunshine,- And now, wlicro was sho ? Shut up in a mad-house, or perhaps dead of a broken heart I The grit loqked her.linnds in fierce determine-' tion, herbyes glowing beneath Iter frilled cap. .. ' V - " I'll find her," alio said, " if sho's alive or doad— I'll lind hor, iiiy dear; dear ' lady 1 1 " J;'.' Slin ' fuMinil (n Hin olli'flf nrirl nV tnnv toilet tnbloj'and begiin.to gather up the costly trillus and put thoiii in their respoo- live places— jewels, and ladps, aud d'ainjy glOVcsj rind. gold' perfume flasks', and: all the nameless purnphprnalia'of.afin'e lady's toilet. :.v. b- - . . ' Preso'ntly slid pioked up alittle motliorr of-pnavl card case,- nnd as she -was in tho net of slipping it luto n drnwor, it foil : from hefhand, scattering, its contents on. tho carpot Ot her foot. - ; - i ; Janet, "gathered tiicm up, pretty : om- bosscd. cards. gll inscribed with noblo names, arid . was' returning, thorn to tho . case, but one, coarser: andilafger than the rest, . obstructed' the closirig 'of the lid. Slip . drew it put, and in so doing the printed names upon it arrested her attcri- tion. 'l. " ' - . " Milfred Grange, Private Asylum for the: insane. Doctors Jl T. Orario nnd: Goorgd Mcintosh, managers." . J Por tho moment Bhe hold it in lior hand," lialtunconseiduBofwhatitmennt.Tlten the truth flashed upon iter, SKb uttered a joyful cry . ' . . . . " Thank Hoaven, I liavefound tho'olue afc lriet 1".; L'- yr' . ' .Meanwhile Lady iNevillo'a, carriage drove to tho residouco-'oI'Sir Varnoy Drmnmond. . . 's-;;: Sir Varriey, as wo omittod to say, had, in pbodienoo lo a wliiin of liia wife, taUon a country mansion balled. The Firs," fight under, the . shadow of . tlio Scottish hills, and only on hour's" drivo from Strathspey. Jovvers. / Lilly CucU'a had boon' most cordially inviton to; spoiid' the sin-ing months at Use Towors, witn Laity. .jnoviuo,; but bhe took a fanny to liavd ari estahlialiinont of her own, and poor old: Vorney gratified' her, as ho did iri- oybrythirig olse, 'nnd now she was giving a ball. at '! Tho Firs," a kind of masquorade, to which nil tho surrounding magnates were invited. : Tiio Barl.of Stmlhspey was there, arid also his hopoful son arid hoir, Lord Angus. Now,' Lord Angus was a blnck sheep, but it docs Hot follow that ho was an 'ill-, looking one, or any tho less a favorito with tho fontiriiuo portion of his acquaint-' nnccs. Men detostcd him, ns they al ways do a rogiio and a roprobato, no matter what might bo thoir own privnto feelings ; but. Indies, ns a general rulo, fanciod hiin, for Lord Angus was liatid- sotno, after a fashion, and gracefully iiu- pudont, and more than all ho was nn earl in prospective. Tie opened tho ball with. Lady Ceoilia aud lior ladyship novor in all her life looked moro daw/ling. The danco ovor, sho sought thoorirl,' Itis father, "nnd found him on tho balustrade, staring out at tho Bilont. starlit hills. ? v ' " Now, my lord onrl," said tho grnco- ful ladv, laying a light hand on his hriu ; " is this complimentary 1 I invito you to my hall i you oomo, arid ; I , find you. out hefo atar-gasing.": The onrl turned arid fnocd. -her, and his gloomy oyos brightoned. . ' '' Hershocny robes nnd glinting: jewel; nnd hor- bright, bewitching fnco mado such n picture. " ""I bog your ladyship's pardon," he said, " but i'nm in no mood forgayety to-night ; yet,'' ho added,- gallantly, "tlio sight of yon, liko the sun, has driven away half my glootn already." , " Tlion lot mo drivo away tlio othor lialf," slio said, gaily, " as she took his arm I'm not going to havo you sulking through tho'ovouirig.' Coino, we'll look in at my Ihiwora ; S<r Vnrney hnd thorn arranged only yostordny, and wo'll got back to tlio musto-room in timo for the reduwa, I op-ned tho ball with your son, lie'an clmrmiugdnncor." "I niri glad:to liiinr it," replied tlio carl, bitterly, "he nocds to ho chnfming in sduu thing." Why, Lord Strn thspoy, for sliamo," nil r- cried, lior wicked eyes dancing, "lio'a very ngrccablo, nnd n decidedly handsume youiig mail, l'tn suro." V I'm glad to liear it, Lady Occilin," replied tlio ntoody oarl. \- Oil, you ro ill-tomperod, Lord Strnth- spoy," she said, pettishly, "nnd I don't allow gontlomcn - to bo oross with me— what's tho matter, -what can I do to com fort you ' "I niri past being comfortod, Lady Drumniond 1" < Thoy had entered tho groonhouso, and she turned from him an instant nnd broke off a cluster of creamy whito rosebuds, which omittod a raro, swcot odor. "Angus," sho said, retufning to his side again, with the fragrant cluster iu hor whito fingers and her lovely, bo- wildering faco nil tremulous with tender emotion, " Angus, havo you quito for gotten tho old days whon you and I wero young logethor I Don't you romomber how you would come to mo when you wero vexed or troubled, nnd I always had poworto soothe and comfort you? Lot mo be tho samo friend now, lot mo liolp and comfort you." Her pleading face, hor tremulous, dulcet voice, tho touch of hor white hands ns thoy clasped his arm. and tho subtle odors of tho flowcra, half bowildorcd tho poor, romorsa-strickon, sorrow-wearied nobleman. His cold hoart thrilled at tho mention of his youth. " Ah mo," ho sighed, mournfully ; " if wo could co bact to thoso dnvs. Ladv Cecilia, I might liopo for health and comfort, but now — thoro's nothing for mo but despair nnd death." "You shall not say so, doar friend," tho whito hands tightening their clasp, the glowing faco nnd molting oyos draw ing noaror and tioaror; "there's health and comfort yet. I know how it is ; I know nil about this lonoly, dreary, doso- lation " — hor oyes filling with toars, that mado thom nil tlio brighter, her rod lips quivering— " yot I won't give up to de spair. But on, Angus," Bho added, giv ing way to an; outburst of passionate emotion, " wlint n pity it is that wo ovor parted, you and - 1, we wero such 'trtto friends nnd wo wore bo happy j and all thoso after days have boon so unutterably misorablo." Tlio oarl gnzed at Iter liiddan faco nnd drooping figure in niter amazement, and then his oyes bognn to sof toil.. It is hard'for even a British peer to witlietandtho blandishmoiits of a woman like tiivXa3vH7ecilin. VI wish to Hoavon wo novcr had" parted, " ho burst, out, scarcely conscious of what lib. had. said.' ; " If ivo never had, ;I should lmvo boon spared many, an hour of shame and, agony." : i'v :" Slio started, mud brushed the. tears frbiri her checks:. " Oli, Lord Slratlispey, I beg your pnr- don," sho oriod, with well-nlfectod imio- conco. ; " I . don't knovy when. I was so ovorcomo; pity for yorir sorrows stirred up my own. Lot it pass and bo forgotten, please. Arid now," slio continued, Binil- mg, with tlio tear-drops on- her. long lnslios," herd nro your pot roses'" setti'rig tho dreamy cluster in his buttoii-liule ; '" you used to. lovo them lqrig.ago, . You aoo I rcinombor allyour fan'oios ; nnd nonr I rim notgoing 'to liavo you moping, one' bit—you shall noty. my, - lord I . Your troiibles nro woll over, and yours of hap piness may yot ho yours." , ; .V ' :,Tho carl sliookr liis head, ..but Bh'irdbd: hirii'off through-tho dim, flowery.aiales, at her very brighbst, liko ail A!pril day; aftor hor'momontary gloom. : .Through tho wildorness of blooming flowors, with tho musical plash of faun? tains, aud tho song of birds' iri his oars ; nnd moro bntrnncing, moro bewildering than all, with her white hands olasping liis srmj hor sp'iprkling face almost touch ing his Bhouldcrs, 'and hor soft, swcot whispers soothing him, . tho Enrl of Strathspey wnndored, half forgotting his sorrows, half forgotting thqt fond, true heart that broko and bled in solitary con finement, and fooling tlio . hlbod thrilling through liis veins witli something of its old fire nnd ardor, Lady Cecilia wntolicd him,;witli exul tant glahcos, from ' beneath 'lior! ravon lashes. Tlio liotir of lior triumph .was nt hand j (ho hour for which alio had planned : and \viulcd for linlf her life'-titno.;-. arid: nowi at tlio lust,- whetrrHbr rovongo was alirigst within hor graSp, lior heart bbgau. tb rolbnt arid soften,1 arid- tho old girlish lovo, tho only lovo sho' had ovor knowii, ; .'to. roassert itself... . Thoy returned, to tho balKroom'iri timo for.tlio rodoiys, but Lord . S tra thspoy do- . " Tho ; honor of your hand is a groat' temptation, Lndy Drumrii'piid," 'lio.saidj gnllnutly, but for mo to dance would bo worsothauinockory. I shall novor danco nghin." ' . Lady Ceoilia pouted rind shrugged her prolty shoulders, and Lord Angus, obanc- ing to pass nerit ut tlt'o moment, sho cried out, wilfully | v , . " My lord; your fatliot is; so' vory- un- gallant that lio refuses to danco with me, ririd hero I stand without a pnrtnor." . Tlio young man was rit her side; in a twinkling. - ;' " If your lndship will allow ino tlio honor ?".ho s ijd, ivitii a'bow iuid a smile, as ho proffered her ilia arm. Sho aocopted it, shaking her fan at tlio earl, arid away they llnatcd, as tho instru ments brbko out ri'ith n :praalii Lord Strathspoy stood and wntchod tliom with a haril, bitter look in Ilia oyos. That son, for whoso sako ho hnd wrockod liiB own linppincss, was a sore thorn iu tho flesh to him, a humiliation and disgrace. . Only a few hioiiths.boforp, he had pnid oiit a suug littlo fnrfuno to liquidate his dobts, anil evory day brought somo now story of' his dreadful dis-ipntion and dis graceful liaisons; v . " I wonder what hinrringo would do for him V" the eni'l thought; as, lie followed him with moody, troubled; .eyes: ." A man of his calibre never roforms j liis brutality and coarsenpss wou'd break any woman's heart. . And ho'a my only son — tliolnst ono of all my noblo rnco I Groat heavens, I. wonder if the eartli holds.an- o.lior man so utterly accursed as I rim 1" A troop of ransked figures wero crowd ing past him, and. all at onco a voico rang iiv his 'car ;liko a trumpet, and again ho henrd , tho fearful words which; years before, had prcdictnd a felon's fate for his own son I : ' Tim pall grew ghastly whito, gaspod for breath,. -and after one horrible, dizzy lnum-nt fell liko a log to the floor. CHAPTER XXXY1I. . . lady cf.cidi.v'8 crime. It .was late in May, and Lord Stratli' spay liridibepn, lying ill at "Tho Fire ' for a couplo ef weeks. His malady was "bmin-fover.'of n'most amrrnviitcd .t.vno. and the mpdical men would not sulfor htm to . bo" ' moved. Moreover, Lady Arummpnd would not agroo to it. Ho folt it n privilogo to bo ablo to administer to his wants, poor, wifeless man that he was 1 . . . .... The oarl wiib very .ill, nnd in imminont danger- of: death. ,'Tlie gravo doctors warned Lady Neville that she must bo" proparod for the worst. Sho and Lady Pearl wore, permanently established at "The Firs," until; tho crisis of thodi- scaso should be over. Sir Bayard Broinpton had roturncd to London, and Lord Angus lived in solitary state at tho Towors, riding ovor to Lnily Drumniond's ovory day, to learn how hi3 father was progressing. At last tlioro camo a night when tlio final crisis was at hand. Tho peer lay liko a ghost upon his pillows, his breath coming in panting gasps, and tbo doctors, with gravo facos, surrounded him. Lady Novillo was on lior kueos in hor own chamber, and poor littlo l'onrl had sob bed hersolf into a troubled sleep ; . hut Lady Cecilia Drummond. never loft the siok man's pillow. She Btood and writchod hint with a kind of fascinated horror, counting each gasping broath, hor hands locked. Iter whito tcoth sot, her black eyes glittoring. It was her work, and yot at that momont sho would freely liavo given tho soul from hor body to un- uo it. _ Tiio tiny Fronch clock on tho mantol ticked away tho laggard momonts, nnd tlio doctors stood liko so ninny stntuos, scarcely scorning to breathe.. Lady Cecilia's oyes novcr onco loft tho white, doath-atrickoii fnco. ' Oil, if ho jnight livo, if he might lire," was tho one cry of hor heart. Sho could not pray. Sho know no God, sho had no liopo . of hoaven, this boautiful nnd high- born. lady. All hor hopos were centered in lifo I And in that torriblo momont, all hor - lovo, fierce nnd selfish lovo it was, blazed up afresh in hor henrt, liko a consuming fire. - Tlio littlo clock struck for midnight, nnd tho doctors exchanged glances. For ono inomont their patient lay broatliless, his eyos closed, his hands lying limp and whito on tliocovorlid. - Then thero oamo asuddoit, gasping sigh, tho sealod eye lids fluttered,- the- labouring breathing subsided, and n gontlo sleop foil upon the Bufibrer like a benediction: .-' " IIoTKlivo," said Jhe-.tlaclar?, 4SL4, brtnth.-'.'-tlsaslangor's past I ' Lady Cecilia, uttered a ory of joy, and flodaway lo hor own chamber to weep the passionate tenrs sho could not ro- strain. : ; : Hor. paroxysm of- omotion over, she flung the casement wide open; and. sat' down t<i':reflect. ' '.V':- . : ; AU her mad; acllLh, passionate nature ; was in n tumult, but supremo above every other feeling was her lovo, tho lovo which: nogloct and coldness and. time had '.failed. 10 suuuuo. oliu iluu »>»IAUU AWL-'.44U4-;.40- .vongo upon tliis'.man.who had pliiyed lior false, nnd in tho orid, wliori hcr.wny was clenr, slio found tlio old loyp, prising rip,! stronger oven than her liato. She hhved her queonly- liend: to . tho' night: winds, 'rind riiised;:Jher,.trpublod gnzo to tlio siiont, atari igUt:aky; ai»l lot hcr thouglits'-.rovo back -tp ithdso early, daysifirhonjier-liopes wero it) bright: , ' v " I couldiwin, him yot1'';.!She. aaid, , nt lnit; "botw.oenfho'r set " teeth,,.;," I obiikl'. wear thri; porohot I; rilwnys:p6vel6il,:'if I -.vcre oxtyfrce I' V % - She nisscd'tlio words out in a kind of sibilarit'. whisper,- and licr oyos wandered through an open door into the chamber wlioro poor old Sir Varnoy lny. A benig nant, geriorous old htan, with a hoart as tender rind simple ns a child'i, and only ono failing, his. woakf indulging lovo for tho woman who whs liis wifo. Hor eyes wnndored toward tho clinm- ber, full of passionate scorn; and con tempt. Sho could see him lying on'his couch, his dilvor. hair streaming over tho pillow nnd around liia peacef ul fnco. , ' '" Tho old dotart 1". sho murmured, lior fine lips ourling. " Will ho liyo .forever,. I wonder J .1 married him for ' liis gulil— why can't ho: dio iriow, and set rito free-— wliy can't ho ?" ' ' ' . " In tho soft spring -moonlight that streamed tlirouglu the onsemorit lior' faco lbolicd like thp friop-of, 'ri.hoautiful fiend. "Icould winliini. AU things prosper with ino. I could bo Countoss of Strath- apoy yot, if 1 wcre onli/ frecl" - Slio' uttorod tho words in' a kind of Ibfeatlilesa way, and 'her fasoinnted gaze StUl sotigiib en v arnoy s cuau oor. unce in hor'mind, tlip horrible idea seemed to possess aud contrpl-her. She arose softly, and crossed into:tho room on tiptoo. "Strong nnd horilthy — lio'll livo for ever 1" slio uttered, gazing down upon tho slooping baronet's fnco; "and I ani boiind to Iiirn. What a fool I .was 1 Not evonliis gold and. title woro worth this. Why can t tho old fool dip ?'' Once givo way to a temptation aud it haunts you to tlio oud. Lady Driiui- mond's face grow whito and sot in tlio misty moonlight, and, her oyes began to glitter with n baleful light, "Why not?" sho murmured, in a lioarso, sibilant whisper. " Bottor wo men than' I am havo doiio as bid. I din'tlive on, fotterod to an old dotard— I can't — I won't /" Tlio pas ionnto 'whisper half roused Sir Vurnoy ; iio turned on his pillow ami murmured incoherently. She wntalicd him with burning oyos till lie rolapsud into sleop ; thou slip crossed tho room and entered n email oioset, fitted out liko a cabinet, with innumcrublo rows of bottles on tlio sholvos. Ono of theso slio selected — a tiny, slmidor vial, filled with a whitish kind of. niixturo— and pu; ting it in her bosom; ru-lookcd tho cnbinot and roturnod to tlio elminbor. Sir Vnrney wus stirring again, and slightly moaning; as if in pain. Prosontiy ho raised liiniBolf to a sitting posture',' and his oyes fell upon; his wifo. OSS ', ' Why, Cecilia !" ho said, in tho kit., voico with which ho always addrossod hor; " why are you up so late, child ? What's tbo matter ? Is the oarl worse ?" . " No ; lie's bettor. Sir Varnoy.", Woll, I'm truly glad. Cecilia, my. lovo, would you mind bringing - mo a glass of wine? I havo such a strnngo, unpleasant sensation 1 I must havo had ri rush'of blood to the brain, or something of tho kind. " : His wifo arose with alacrity. Sho had hoarkenod to tho voice of tho tempter, arid ho was prompt to aid hor. Haro was hor opportunity.. - '" She oros'sed to' the littlo tnhlo upon whioh the wine servico stood, and. turn ing hor baok upon her husband, poured out a glass ; tlion, without an .instant's Uositntion, sho drow tho littlo vial f roni lior bosom, and removing;' the; cork, poured about hnlf the whitish mixturu into tho wino. It ri-as all dono, nnd tlio vial, re-hidden in.lter bosom, in tho spaco of a broath. "uWill you drink it undilntod, Sir Vnrney?'" Bho oskod, approiiohirig tlio bod.' ;. . - .. . . " Yos, my doar, I'll tako. it just so, I'm foeling miserably weak." Sho put tho glass jn liis hand, . and he drainod it At a draught: : " Wliy, child, lie taid, " it has a bitter ish tnsto, or perhaps ray tonguo's fevered. Thero, ilint will do," as tho smoothed out his pillow, V Thank yott,' my love, and I'm sorry to liavo troubled you. Go to hod now— please do; You'll be ill tor morrow, and I don't like tosee riiydar- ling's cheeks palo." '' . Slio turned to leavo him, and had half- crossed tho room, when he . called Iter, back. - ' "Cecilia," ho said, "I'm foolish and ohildish to-night. Won't you kiss mo onco before you go ? I bolieve if you do 1 shall bo nblo to stoop." She turned back, and kissed him with- outnword. " My beautiful darling, my own, own wife," ho murinurod, stroking her head caressingly. She hurried from the bedside and out of tho room, her- faco looking awfully whito and horror-strickon. " I am froo — I nm free," she wliis- norod. in a dnzod sort of. wnv. ns siio eutorod hor own apartment and locked horaolf in. (To bt continual.) 