I'ttE B O L T O N bUUAilii T R A G E D Y * CHAPTER XT. A SIT BUGPICXOV. By JOHN K- KEYS, •AnUtarof "The Lindsay*," "Dr. Bemofc Secret,' =.. •—. " A Trost Betrayed," etc. When Dora Tremayne reached Mrs. Redfen'i drawing-room, Miss Dangerfield was cocked up oil one of the couchos residing a novel. Dora went forward and greeted Mrs. Redfern. and then went up to Olivia, offering be hand. Miss Daugcrfidd extended; her fingers with a patronising air, but without tdB^^K^aans of allwiiig her position in Bora feared that her -risit would be thrown away. It would be impossible to speak with freedom to Mrs. Redfem while Olivia but by* listening. " Isn't ttiis a dreadful thing. Miss Tremayne. abbot Captain Everett?" said the widow, almost before the visitor bad taken her Beat. " I almost think it is worse than my poor husband's death—more shocking. It maxea everybody talk of us, and in such on unpleasant listened in ^mawniMiit It was imponable for her to understand Mrs. Eedfern'e way of looking at things. The widow seemed to be heartless more from stupidity than from sur positive badness of disposition; or Esther she bad too little sense to avoid eri|ibtiing to the whole world how smali the capability of_ feeling with which abgfwss endowed. " What surprises me," said Dora, when she bad efeadied her voice so as to be able to speak without showing her emotion, " what surmftes me is that anyone knowing Captain llftjjilt ghoald ever for one moment inzariniitlut br i" mjnWr nf nn - *** * ***ir™ 3?er- Sn. I ought to tell you," die addjod with a <nBm jpnde m her tone," " that Go^tam Everett and T are engaged." "What da you say?" screamed Mrs. Beflfero. " Engaged to him. Poor thing. I am so sorry for yon. But, of course, yon will trade it off at once." " I have no desire id break the engagement," said Bora, quietly. At this point Miss Dangerfield rose, yawned ostentatious'}", went over to a table where some magazines were lying, turned them over, selected one, and without troubling herself to bestow a parting look at Mrs. Redfern's viator, eJowiv went. out of the room. rt Why does Dangerfield dislike me so, TMTB. Bedfem ?" asked Dora, gladof an excuse for changing the subject. The widow gave a sharp glance at the doorof the room to make sore it was properly closed befioxe she answered: " Well, I have sometimes thought she had a pongthong for your beau," she answered, with almenoi (Mrs. Bedfem was very fondof long a French word now and then, when she i&Kaed; she could do so with impunity.) Sara opened her eyes. " My dear Mis. Redfern, I am go sorry to bear this. I do hope you are wrong." ** I don't think I am." "I had no idea of such a thing. On the contrary, I have fancied sometimes that there was something between her and Mr. Davis." 41 Only on one side," answered Mrs. Bedfem with another sagacious nod. " Between our- I think, he is a very good match for ivia: bat she persists in turning up her nose at him." ** So Dr. Redfern can hardly have stood in his assistant's way in this matter," thought Dora to herself. "Dr. Davis is still staying here, I suppose r" she added alraifl, for something better to say. " Oh, yes, it was necessarv that the practice should be kept together. 1 fancy that Mr. Payne, my poor husband's executor, you know, will make an arrangement to sell the practice right out to him. After all, he knows the patients, and a stranger might have a difficulty in reaching them, as there would be no one to introduce him. personally. But it would not have been my hnsband's wish that Dt Davis should succeed him." Dora had hardly been listening to the widow's talk. She had been thinking how baseless the idea bad been which suggested that Dr. Davis -could have any interest in causing the death of bis employer, and wondering in what other quarter she was to seek a clue to the mystery, when she found that Mrs. Redfern was pausing for a reply. Almost mechanically she repeated the widow's last words in the form of a question. " Oh, Dr. Bedfem did not intend that Dr. Davis should succeed to his practice ?" " Certainly not. The fact is, my dear Miss Tremayne, my husband did not particularly like Dr. Davis. He said be was shallow and conceited, and rather shirked the work; and he 3vu1 mafie up his mind to get rid of him and engage another assistant." Dora was fairly startled by these words. She bad been a moment a*p forced to confess to herself that her suspicions of Dr. Davis were mtfaeriyjgioimdless, and suddenly it appeared he bad a motive, and a tolerably strong one, for <jpKirin<y Dr. Redfern's death. She was so surprised that she started visibly, and gave a little cry. " What is it ? Is anything the matter f" asked Mrs. Bedfem. " Oh, nothing. I have been so nervous lately, that I often start at nothing atalL" " I can sympathise with you, I am sure, Miss Tremayne. When I was engaged to my poor dear Tom—my first 'husband, you know— be was ill for three weekB with small-pox. It was nothing like so bad as your trouble, I know; yet I was so delicate, and sympathetic, the doctors called it, that the least thing upset me." Mrs. Redfern's sympathy was like salt laid upon an open wonnd ; bat Dora managed to \- bide her feelings, and even to produce something like the ghost of a smile. " Someone said at the inquest that Dr. Bedfem worked too hard," die remarked, after a pause. " Not so very hard, not so as to hurt his health." returned the widow. " But it was not Davis's fault if he did not," she added jdmnet spitefully. *' Davis did nothing like his share of the work, or just hurried it over. That was why my poor husband wanted to get rid of him." " It would have been a bad thing for Dr. Davis if he had been sent away." " Of course it would. Especially as there was a great attraction bene in the shape of " ,and Mis. Bedfem glanced in the direction of the ceilins to indicate Miss Dangerfield. "Do you think," began Dora—it was a great risk to put such a question, but there was no alternative—" do you think Dr. Bedfan actually gave Dr. Davis notice to leive r" " I'm sure 1 don't know," returned the widow. " He may have done eo ; but I almost think he would have mentioned it to me if he tod. It is a month or six weeks since he spoke i afraid to push fhe matter farther, ed the subject, and began to speak of niaj character of Mis. Redfern's ie: and- when that «n»*h»r had been ntif discussed, die brought her visit to next step was evidently to ascertain sr Be. Davis was under notice to leave time of Dr. Redfern's death or not. ras this to be dime? To interrogate '^himself was out of the question, however, to Mr. Jenner ; ai«t the wereil her letter in person. .; t Mr. tenner heard what Dora hadto jggsgggflg'fe \"said Doel. ^iBee it your&cel;" " r have," he replied ; " andmy information afes yoms.1 engaged a very sharp > make the acqoainianoe of Bankes, the , andleazn what be could from him. It that Bankes hasadnb, to which he goes r three times n. week .for an hour or tiro g. Brown, my man, got admitted and pumped Bankes most 6cientifidls me therewas a pfefect harmony all flie members of Dr. Bedfern's •accept between Dr. Davis «ai Dr. i himself. The elda-doctor seemed to ' thoDghthehad, some ground of cambist the -yottuger j while Davis be s krachy and ready to 4*loe o&ence.; •was eo martwl that times they yepeakto eaAoO^fsn^whti JnBankes's opiniontheyonng i thought he was not treated with suffi- "on and ze^ec^^dule the old ht that ids a sris^mt wasnotfi£ £ar t is clear that Davis imagined that ~-under .an injustice. Coupled Mrs. Bedfem VyDtt.Stls very .indfied^1;,:-.:',:-';';;.^- bat l cannot tell you rKftrink fax as I can eee," he eiid, firmly. " But you will please to reuiembor that I did not advise this unusual mode of proceeding. It is for the prosecution to prove Captain Everett's guilt; he need irot prove his innocence by showing that somebody elaa committed the deed." " But would not bis chance of escape be very much greater if it could be shown that someone else bad. en. interest—as they say he had—in Dr. liedfem'b death £*' "Undoubtedly." " Then I must go on with it. "What is to be doaanaxtP' "* the next tiling is fo find out whether the notice of which Dr. Redfern thought of giving his assistant was really sent." " Ana how can we ascertain that f" "Of course, it would not do to question Dr. Davis Mmnrif. We must look for documentary evidence. It is possible, though not very likely, that if Dr. Bedfem gave 'his assistant a written notice of dismissal he may have kept a copy of it. But there is another difficulty. Dr. Redfern's papers wore taken away by the police." A heavy sigh escaped from Dora's lips. On every side there were doubts, misgivings, obstacles. If only she had one friend, one sympathising heart to rest upon. And then her thoughts turned once more, as they often did, to Captain Everett. What support and guidance he would have given in such time of difficulty and trouble. _ But it was he, lying helpless and alone, within the prison walls, who needed assistance; and the thought nerved the girl's heart once more. He bad no one but herself to help him! A bright thought struck her,. " Hie police could not keep Dr. Redfern's papers for ever. They might want to keep some, perhaps, bat they would surely send back the rest after looking them through ?" " It is possible, certainly." " Who will get them when they do come back—Mrs. Bedfem?" : " The doctor's execafcor,Mr. Payne, would fca-vethe enstody-af them." him to let me see them.** The lawyer smiled oonmassionately. lam afraidit is hopeless to expect that he would allow yon to read them," he said. Dora did not like the pitying smile; but she took no offence. •Can you think of any other way of finding out what we. want to know ?" she asked, gravely. " I confess I cannot." " Then I will see Mr. Payne at once. After all, I can but try." The lawyer then departed, leaving Dora more depressed in mind than he had found her. Somehow an interview with Mr. Jenner always had this effect on the girl's spirits. Often she was tempted to give up in despair the task of proving her lover's innocence; but never so much as when Mr. Jenner's eyes were upon her, and his cold tones sounding in her ears. Many a time she wished she had a more sympathising adviser; but it was impossible to get rid of Mr. Jenner, even if she had known of a more helpful counsellor. CHAPTER XVL THE BUBPICI03T IS OOXCTBHED. Remembering Mr. JTenner's words, it was with some trepidation that Dora set ont next morning to call on Mr. Payne. She chose an early hour, as die thought the lawyer would be more likely to be disengaged than later in the day ; and as it turned out she judged correctly. After a little delay she was shown into Mr. Payne's room. He handed her a chair, seated himself, took off his spectacles, laid them on his desk, and waited to near what his visitor had to say. " I believe, sir," said Dora, " you are Dr. Redfern's executor P" The old gentleman bowed politely but said nothing. " And I think you also axe, or were, a friend of his nephevr, Captain Everett r" Mr. Payne's face became grave in an instant. He even flushed slightly. Again he bowed,this time rather more stiffiy. "It is for bissake-^Captain Everett's—that I am here," said Dora, and as she spoke die knew that she was blushing painfully. What was she to say next 'i She was so anxious to be sensible and business-like, to put her own «irfa«»?Tig fears, her own feelings in the background. But the lawyer was waiting in silence for her next words. She must say something. " Mr Payne," she said, abruptly, " do you know whether Dr. Bedfem had dismissed his assistant, Dr. Davis, shortly before be died ?" Dora could not nave spoken more to the point. Mr. Payne was startled out of his composure. Had he, the executor, allowed an assistant who had been dismissed, or had been thought worthy of dismissal, to carry on the doctor's practice ? He did not like the idea; and he hardly knew bow to answer the question. ' What reason have you for thinking that Dr. Davis had had notice to leave F" he asked, at length. Dora thought that her best policy was to be straightforward. Mrs. Bedfem told me so," she replied. Mr. Payne moved uneasily ip Ins chair. " Told you what he said, almost sharply. " That Dr. Bedfem had intended fo send Dr. Davis away and get another assistant. She doesn't know whether he actually gave him notice to leave; and I thought perhaps you could tell me." " May I ask what object you have in asking the question f" This was the question which Dora had been expecting; and her answer—the best elie could think of—was ready : " It is necessary 1 should find out in Captain Everett's interests." " She is no fool, this young lady," was the solicitor's inward comment. And he was right. At that moment Dora was saying to herself, " He looked surprised when I mentioned it He knows nothing about it, but he doesn't like to say so." " l'thought, perhaps, if the notice to leave had really been given, some mention of it might be found among Dr. Redfern's papers. May I ask if you have them S 1 " " Yes, the police returned them. But the simplest wav would be to put the question to Dr. Davis himself." " Oh, no, no, Mr. Payne. That would never do." And the girl blushed ngiiiTi at her own vehemence. But the lawyer only nodded gravelv, and said nothing. " I thought perhaps you would let me look over the papers to find out the truth," said Dora timidly. The solicitor almost jumped out of his chair at this audacious proposal. " What!"' he cried. " Oh, impossible—impossible"' Mr. Jenner, then, had been quite right. The way was absolutely barred. But Mr. Payne saw that the tears bad come into the girl's eyes, and his heart softened towards her. " I'll teQ you what I will do," be added after a pause. " I will have all the documents of a recent date overhauled, to see whether there is any ground for this idea. Of course. Dr. Redfem may have said casually to his wife that he thought of disaiTKBmgr bis assistant, without really to do so—or he may have really meant it, and may never have done it. Still, it will be as well to ascertain. I will write and tell you the result of the examination—or, better still, yon might calL" Dora rose to her feet " When shall I call?" Oh, in about a week's time," aid the lawyer, as he touched his beU. " * * " week I" thought Dora. But there was no help for it. One by one Dora, couated the days as they went by; mid on (he appointed morning she once .more presented herself at Mr. Payne's office. Somehow she thought that the lai manner was etiffer and colder thaa it bad' on her previous visit " Well, Miss—Miss Tremayne, we have been ever those papers, and I may Say that we have found nothing to ; lead us to suppose that yonr conjecture with regard to Mr. Davis is founded ifiact." < " Oh, do let me search formjvelf, »r," she cued, involuntarily mrin^ng to her feet. "You don't understand. Captain Everett and I are engaged. I have been to eoe him n mapg. -Ha isioinooent^faiowjte isinnocent; bnthemay •V'Jf' Sit down, my dear jncmng,, _ , bid gentleman m b much kinder bme.' : " Stt down and try to compose youradf. Why you so anxiouB to overhaul these papers rsP* "Because £ Wnt to show thatotheismay' bave been interested in Dr. Bedfam'e death as weBas Captain Everefct/'aaidDota, boldly. : f mention of dismissing Dr. Davis in any of tha documents." . . . , . Dora could hardly speak her thanks, and she went a wav full of hope. Even the smallest ray of light is welcome when the night is black a mn hi? us. Of coarse there were delays. The note from Captain Everett bad to be obtained through Mr. Jenner, and Mis. Fairfield's very natural scruples and objections had to be answered. At length, however, Mrs. Fairfield gave the required permission; and a foggy November morning found Dora, seated in a dusty, tireless little room in the lawyers office, with a whole pile of letters, documents, and account books before her. Of course it was not necessary to search veiy far back—two months at most; for Mis. Bedfem had fixed a month before her husband's death as about the time he had niemioued Ms intention to her. Dora began with the letters, and patiently waded through some scores of them. Dr. Davis's name did not occur in one of them. Then she went through the booksday-book, memoranda, even the cash-book and the counterfoils in the cheque-book—all in vain. • After that she took up the letter-book containing press copies on thin paper of letters written by Dr. Bedfem to various correspondents. Patiently Dora waded through them alL pamiT»g her eyes to read the faint and blurred impression in the doll light of the winter's day; and she came to the last of them without meeting one word, one hint, of what she wanted to know. This completed the list of the books and documents which she had desired to search. Nearly five hours she had spent over them ; her fingers were numb with cold; and her heart was heavy as lead. With a kind of subdued groan, she let the book fall open on her lap, and covered her face with her bands. Then, withdrawing her bands, die eat staring almost vacantly at the book before her. Without knowing what she did, die read tie letter at which the book had opened. It waa dated 12th September, and was written to a man named Dickinson, at Bristol, enclosing a prescription. The number of the page, in boll black printed stared her in the face—341. turned a page backwards. This was a about a surgical instrument which the doctor had ordered and which had not proved satisfactory ; it, also, was dated 12th September. She read the letter as if it possessed great interest for her, did so mechanically, as a relief to her over-burdened brain: and as she finished reading itshe glanced at the number of the page— 339. " I must have skipped a page; these leaves are so thin," she thought to herself ; and with a vague desire to see what lay between, she turned the leaf again. No. There was nothing between the two leaves. Where was the leu numbered 310 V It was missing. What if the letter of <b"«miggnl bad been written, end copied on this missing leaf ? And what if Dr. Davis had searched the letter-book and torn out the copy?" With a* flushed face and an excited look in her eyes, Dora made her way to Mr. Payne's room, and placed the book before him. " See!'' she cried, " a leaf has been torn out." "So I perceive. But what of that? Dr. Redfem may have spoiled it. Or he may have taken a copy of some letter and may have afterwards changed his mind about preserving it, and destroyed the copy on purpose." " Do you think it nothing, ?" asked Dora. " Oh, how can we tell what it means ?" said the lawyer, pushing the book away with some irritation. " As evidence, it is absolutely worthless." Thoroughly discomfited, Dora crept away. On her way home she passed through Bolton Square ; and some impulse prompted her to call on Mrs. Redfern. The widow had helped her already. Might she not do so a second time ? She ran up the steps and rang the bell. Mrs. Bedfem was at home and alone. " Oh, Mrs. Bedfem!" cried Dora, as soon as they were alone, " I do wish you would hdp me." " I will if I can," said the good-natured woman. " What is it f" " I only want to know whether Dr. Bedfem really did give Dr. Davis notice to leave, or whether he only meant to do it. I can't tell you why, but it is of the utmost importance." " Why don't you ask Dr. Davis P FU do so, if you like." " Not just yet, please, Mrs. Bedfem." "Oh, I see; there is some mystery about it." But Dora did not dare to confide in a person of Mrs. Redfern's ready tongue. " Indeed, the secret (such as there is) is not mine. It is poor Captain Everett's/' " Really ? Well, I know there are things one mustn't be inquisitive about; X consider it is so vulgar to show curiosity. Don't you, Miss Tremayne f" " If I only ooold fail out the truth.!" cried Dora. The widow was silent for a moment. " There was a little memorandum-book which the doctor used t) carry about with him in his watch-pocket," said she, after a moment's thought. " If there is any entry such as you want to find, that would be the place to look for it." Do you know where the memorandumbook is ?'' asked Dora, with breathless anxiety. The police took'away all my husband'6 papers—I thought it so horrid of them, and so unnecessary—but this was such a little tiny thing, they may have overlooked it. I'll go and see if I can find it." Mrs. Bedfem left the room, and in ten minutes she returned, with a very small memorandum-book in her hand. " Here it is !" she exclaimed triumphantly. I found it inside a big book on my dressingtable. It is so thin, you see; the book lay quite flat althoughil was inside. It was by the merest chance that I took np the book, and it fell out. I fancy the doctor must have been reading, and slipped in the note-book as a marker, and forgot to take it out." 4s she talked, the widow was turning over the leaves of the little book. Do be careful to miss nothing, dear Mrs. Bedfem!" cried Dora, in an agony of impatience. Slowly and deliberately the widow turned over the leaves. " Here it is!" she cried, suddenly. " Twelfth September. • Wrote to L. D., giving him notice to leave." " Oh, may I see it ?" cried Dora, Yes; it was there in the dead maiiV own handwriting. " You may think it strange that Dr. Bedfem slid nothing to me about it," said the widow, as she put away the little note-book; " but that wee just the doctor's fault; he was so very reserved. I do think one can be too re- -ed ; don't you, Miss Tremayne ?" Yes; but I fancy Dr. Bedfem did not wish to disturb yon with the prospect of a change, until it was close at hand." I daresay you are right. Mv poor husband was very considerate, too. But, 1 think it would be a pity to mention this to Mr. Payne,' die added. " Dr. Davis is getting on s nicely; and it is* so much pleasaafcer to have him in the house than a stranger.'* " I shall not say anything to Mr. Payne,' answered Dora. " I am not likely to see him again. But don't yon think he ought to know, if he intends to let Dr. Davis have the prat trae?" "Fm sure X don't know,"said the widow; " I will ask Harvey" what he thinks. Bat perhaps it \s-ould be better not. Harvey is eo masterful, and so inconsiderate." And, wad to avoid answering vtill more in- •SSSkfiESgip^ pact bufc lhe widow CHAPTER XVIL MJKE DAVIE OOSBOUXOS. Olivia Dangerfield had found it impossible to remain in the same room with her successful rival—as Dora Tremayne was in her eyes. When she left (he drawingroom, on the occasion of Dora's visit to Mrs. Bedfem, it was all she could do to keep lite passions which we re raging in her breast from appearing in her face. She felt as if she most be alone, and made her war at once to her own room, forgetting that it was just then undergoing a process of cleaning On lyachhig it die heard the sound of voices, and suddenly remembered it was no refuge for her. "Where could she betake herself? Inwbat corner would she be secure from intemiptio&? In the library. Since the doctor's death it bad been avoided by everv member of the family. No one would distorb her there. ^ took&om; atonall closet. a large '"laBw^p-. rqg, tor ^ remembered there would be no &e; la the library, and that the room would be «s cold as the Sixeet on whit& the snow was falling The lib»ry door was locked ; but fhe the scpnra dull and distant, as if in a dream. Throwing herself on couch—the eotkdi on which a fe Baafetn'sdead body had rested—the girl gave herself up to tha Indulgence of her feelings. There is always a luxury in giving the nun to any strong emotion, even grief itself; and in Olivia's heart more than one feeling was struggling for predominance. At one moment grief, pore and innocent in itaelf, overcame her. The toes of Captain Everett WM more tluui she could bear; and the poor girl foolishly spent mam-minutes in recalling his face,hi» looks, thekind words he had sometimes spoken to her, the ptoaant talk, and the merry lough with which the room was she would^t^ve^been of her soldier-huinland. How happy she would have been with him, and how nappy she would have made him. Tiieaa flood of tears relieved her; and Wore they were dried she heard voices and ateps in the faaiL It was Dora on bar way out. This turned Olivia's thoughts into a new channel. How the bated that girl, with her quiet, reserved air, and her ' Gl! iadlyat that moment would the child-1 creature lying on the coach have done her rival a .mortal injury. She clenched her hands till the tiny nails bit into the skin, as she thought that she—tho girt whom she bad never liked, who was a contrast to herself -in every particular—should rob her heart of its treasure. She felt as if revenge would be sweeter ttua the gratification of love itself. And by degrees this bitter feeling snread to the man who had been the cause of her humiliation and her suffering. What right had be, after behaving himoll so aft-to cause her to lose her heart, to seek another ? He was the one to blame. She hardly knew whether she loved or hated him most. It wa* with a savage joy she remembered that he too was suffering. In the midst of her mental wanderings Olivia heard a footstep, not in the hall, but on the steps oom»ertj.ig the library with the surgery. It had not occurred toher that she might bo disturbed from that donation. Instinctively she raised herself to a sitting teition, and then remained perfectly still, ie door opened and Luke Davis entered hurriedly. Going straight to one of the bookcases, he selected a volume, and then, crossing to tha window, be pulled up the blind and began to turn over the leaves of the book he wished to consult. Olivia remained perfectly still. He had not noticed that anyone besides himself was in the room. Perhaps he might go out without perceiving her. But as he closed the book and took a step towards the bookcase to replace it on the shelf, he caught sight of Olivia, sitting erect and pale on the sofa, So thoroughly was he startled that the book fell from his hand. He stooped to pick it up, and when he raised his head be was blushing like agiri. Olivia gave a little laugh at bis discomfiture. " I beg your pardon, I am sure, MissDangerfield; I had no idea you were here. Don't you find it very cold f" said the young doctor. " No, not particularly. I came here for a little quiet." " Something has happened to disturb you— to distress you," he said, gently drawing near her as he spoke. " Oh, no," said Olivia, turning her face away. " X wish you would tell me what is troubling you—that is if I can be of any use." Olivia said to herself that the wished the man were gone ; but it was only a pretence. She was feeling very lonely ; and though she could not tell him the cause of her misery, his sympathy was pleasant to her. " It is nothing of any importance," she answered, still keeping her face averted. " If I only had the right to comfort you," cried Dr. Davis. If Olivia had been told five minutes before that she would have listened to such words with tolerance,and even with something of complacency, she would have tejected the idea as an insult. But that would only have been because she did not know her own heart. Most people say they are astonished when they hear of a rejected lover marrying somebody else in Bix months, and they talk of broken hearts which are easily healed, and so forth. Nine out of ten of them would do exactly the same thing. The soul is as intolerant of pain as is the body, and when it is injured it craves a healing salve, as much as ctoes a wounded limb. Few are strong enough to reject such consolation as they can come by; and even with them, it is as often pride as any deeper feeling which makes them faithful to an unrequited a&d; barren affection. But Olivia did not intend to accept Dr. Davis's sympathy beyond a certain point. " You are very land," she murmured, still without looking up. Dr. Davis's love had been so long kept on very small crumbs of comfort that he was delighted with this reply. He fancied, too, that it was spoken in a gentler tone than he had been accustomed to; end this encouraged him to go on. " You know it would be the dearest wish of my life to guard you from all trouble aid annoyance—from everything which could bring BO much as one tear to your eyes," he said earnestly. Olivia made no reply. It was venr gratifying to find that in one heart, at least, she still reigned supreme. If only he would stop at that point of devotion. " Dear Miss Daagerfield," said the young doctor, taking the gul's slender fingers in his own, " if only you would accept mv love." lie could hardly have spoken better, but Olivia was not pleased. " I do wish you would not revert to that subject," she said, irritably snatching away her hand. " I am veiy glad to have your friendship, and I am grateful for it: but when you go on in that way you spoil alL" Luke Davis saw that he must be patient. He sighed and turned away. " Surely he will go now," said the girl to herself. But she really did not wish him to 3 ; and so long as he could remain near her, E uke Davis had no mind to depart. Wasn't that Miss Tremayne who was calling a little ago r"' be asked, selecting the first topic that occurred to him. "Yes." Dr. Davis was not quick of perception; but the tone in which this was said did not escape him. " Olivia dislikes her," he said to himself ; " can it be that she is jealous of her ?" Haifa dozen little things not thought of at the time—tones, looks, unimportant words, smiles—recurred to his memory. He had long before settled in his own mind that it must be Captain Everett whom Olivia, preferred to himself. If she was jealous of Ifora Tremayne, it seemed dear that it must be because Captain Everett preferred Dora to her. If so, surely that promised well for him—Luke Davis. As the young doctor turned these things over in his mind, Olivia's thoughts were busy in another direction. All the bad passions which Dr. Davis's presence had dissipated returned in full force at his mention of Dora's name. The light which gleamed for a moment in Olivia's eyes was tierce in its hate. She even allowed wild, impossible thoughts of revenge to take possession of her mind. Could not Dr. Davis, she wondered, manage to give this creature a sleeping draught from which die would never wake r She wondered whether it had really been he who poisoned Dr. Bedfem. She told herself that if her lover would- cooaent to be the instrument of her vengeance her hand should be his reward. She did not really mean it She did. not seriously contemplate marry- ; inga murderer or becoming one hpranlf, bet it pleased her to gratify the longing for revenge m her heart by indulging'in these fancies. " I had an Idea that Captain Everett admired Miss Tremayne,'' said Luke Davis. Hie said it merely as a feeler, and he was not prepared for the answer which followed. " She has engaged herself fo him." " Is it possible? Poor thing!" Davis exclaimed, involuntarily. " X don't see why she is to be pitied," said Olivia, sharply. " Not to be pitied! Engaged to a man with such a dreadful charge hanging over his head!" But he must be acquitted. - Hie cannot be " - Then, suddenly struck by something her companion's face, she added; " You do not suppose for a moment that he is really guntrf" " Oh, of coarse not" " Dr. Davis, do yon really mean that people generally da think him guilty T' "I am afraid they do," wastheanswer, given after a little hesitation. " But why should suspicion light upon him any more than upon you or me, or anyone else in the house f* ''"'".' ^Because he bad an opportunity, at least be may have had an opportunity, of administering " But you bad Oat, * and Bankes, the butler, aswellasbe.** .' t »1Gb I>mgerMdt"«ud ftedoctorin alow Harvey Prcsoott. He did uot tabs anything under lfis «tepfatter's w21, and he knew faj" woald «»fa> nothing, as he bad means of his own. Dr- Sedfera did not stand ln hisway in tfa* slightest degree. Then there is myself «,dCaptelnEverett. I PP* mysdf ontolfhe qu Bticm, for even had I deired to give the pa&oa;, I bad no opportunity of doing it—and for that mutter, the only one, practically, who had ihe opportunity Captain Everett- " Bat the point is this. Captain Everett was (he one to benefit by his ancle's death. Hie knew that bis uncle had made a new will, by which he waa (to to say) cut off with a shilling; mad be knew that that will only needodhis uncle's signature." «But " " I know what you are going to ray—that they were reconciled that evening. But how are we to know that? Supposing that Captain Everett were really guilty, do you think it likely that be would admit that he left the bouse that night unreconciled to his uncle ? The admission would have pot the rope around his neck at once. If the reconciliation did not take place, it is plain that Dr. Redfern's death meant wealth instead of poverty for his nephew—and the old man dies cf poison half an hour after his nephew leaves the house!" For somd moments Olivia said nothing. By Uus time it had become nearly dark; it was too dart for Dr. Davis, who stood a little way off, tngsee the expression of her face. _ "Then what weighs so heavily against Gaptain Everett is, that it is supposed be had a ' mg reason for desiring his uncle's death f" 'Sat and the fact that he knew where the poison was kept, and ihat he alone had the opportunity of administering it-" " Bnt if it could be shown that Dr. Bedfem and he really did part good friends " x should think that would secure his acquittal. I don't eee how any jury could convict him If that were proved. But how could it be proved ?" " Dr. Davis, it is getting very darx, said Olivia, suddenly. " Really, X ought not to stay tan any longer, but l find this chat with yon has done me so much good; it has quite driven my headache away." And almost before the young doctor could utter njnaituig word Olivia had reached the door. With a single adroit movement she turned both the handle and the key at the same moment, so' that her companion should not be able to perceive that the door bad been locked ; and then, having gained the ball, she hastily retreated to the upper part of the bouse. CHAPTER XYIIL A SET PIECE or BVXDBVCSE TDSBS OF. It was with pardonable pride that Dora told Mr. Jenner the result of her researches among Dr. Redfern's papers. She was so anxious to communicate the important news of the diary that she did cot put off time by sending for the lawyer, but coaxed Mis. Fairfield to let her pay him a flying visit in person. " I saw the little memorandum- book myself," said Dora, as she told her story ; " and X saw it was in Dr. Redfern's own handwriting. Don't think that X bring any charge against Dr. Davis," she added, suddenly. " He may be as innocent' as you or I- But, as I understand it, Captain Everett's danger arises greatly from this—that be had (or may have had) a motive for wishing for his uncle's death. Now I can show that somebody else had such a motive as well as he. Then there is the leaf torn out of the letter-book on the very date of the entry in the little diary—the 12th of September." Mr. Jenner nodded gravdy. In truth, he was thinking that he would almost change places with Everett, if only he had such a lovely advocate to give her brain and heart and tongue in his cause. And, indeed, Dora, did look beautiful, in spite of her thin cheeks and the dark spots unaer her eyes, as, her checks flushed with the excitement of hope, she poured forth her little story. " There can be no question that you have made a most important discovery, Miss Tremayne," said the lawyer, at length. "But I am afraid that it will lose half its force unless we can showjthat Dr. Davis was in the library, or, at least, that he might have been there, after the coffee was brought into the room. Captain Everett said at the inquest, you will remember, that he could not recollect whether Dr. Redfem had drunk bis coffee before he left the library to accompany his nephew to the hall door, or not. I will see Captain Everett again, and ask him to try to refresh his memory on that point. Everything turns upon it, you see." " But he would not be able to give evidence, would he?" asked Dora, timidly. "No ; but what he could say would be most useful for cross-examination. There is one other point," added Mr. Jenner, as Dora rose to go. " I fo'Tpr it would be prudent to give notice to the Crown authorities of the existence of this diary or memorandum-book. If it were sprung upon them at the trial they would do what they could to throw doubt upon its authenticity; and, in fact, it would come before the Court with a certain aroma, as it were, of suspicion attaching to it. Mrs. Bedfem did not wilfully conceal it from the police, did she P' " She found it accidentally, only last night,' 1 said Dora. " Then she has no reason to object to showing it to them. I will mention it at the office of the Solicitor to the Treasury. And I will see whether Captain Everett's memory can recall the information wc want; and let you know the result." That very day Mr. Jenner visited the prison, and questioned and cross-questioned his client, all to no purpose. Captain Everett did not remember Dr. Davis coming into the surgery while he was there. Had Dr. Davis been there he would certainly have noticed it at the time, ai»d would probably have remembered it. Yes ; Dr. Bedfem stood with him at the hall door a good while—perhaps three or four minutes. But on the all-important point whether Dr. Bedfem took the coffee before he accompanied his nephew to the door or not. Captain Everett could not speak with certainty. He hod seen Dr. Bedfem make the coffee m the glass machine ; but he could not remember seeing him drink it. When Captain Everett heard of the exertions which Dora had made for him the tears sprang into his eyes, and for a moment he could not trust hj»n«»lf to speak. But when the lawyer told him of the discovery of the entry in the memorandum-book and of the missing leaf in the letter-book he was fairly " I could not have believed it," he said at length. " Could not have believed what P" " That Dr. Davis could have done such a thing. He always seemed to me a civil, pleasant fellow—a little weak, perhaps, but with no harm in him. The fact is, continued Everett, " X bad a suspicion before that Davis must have had something to do with it; but I put it from me and mentioned it to no one." " If itwas his object to get I>r. Redfern's practice, he has succeeded," said the solicitor. " I am told that Ik has established himself in your uncle's place by this time. Well, X think things look much brighter for you now." And with these words the lawyer took his leave. From the prison Mr. Jenner went to the office of the Solicitor to the Treasury, and asked for an interview with the official who was charged with the prosecution of Captain Everett—a Mr. Brady. " I have called," caid Mr. Jenner as he took his seat, " to inform you of a circn instance that has come to our knowledge—to the knowledge of the defence, you understand—in ihix'cmae. Yen. may cetnenoier the name of« Dr. Davis, who was Dr. Kedfern'e ossfetant, and lived in bis bouse f" Mr. Brady nodded. "Now,it is one of your strong points against my client that (excepting for bis own assertion) there is nothing to enow that he had not a very strong interest in his uncle's death." Mr. Brady nodded again, preserving a grave, impassive look. It now turns out that this Dr. Davis, who, j as well as Captain Everett," remember, knew j that this poison was kept in the surgery, bid also a veiy strong interest in desiring the death j of ha employer. He had a very good position at Dr. Redfern's, and, no doubt, looked forward to succeeding to the practice. And be had* private reason for wishing to continue being an inmate of the doctor's establishment. Bnt we have every reason to believe that he had received notice of dismissal, and that the notice had only a few days to run at the date of Dr. ILedferu's death. It was a question for him of an assured position and a comfortable income, against being turned out into the world, with, I fancy, not very flattering testimonials.* fi» be ooxnsruED.) Tote latest statistics of Krupp's establiBhment •esupplied ma book just published at Essen. In IS^ it bad nine workmen; in 1848, seventyfour. In 3uly, 1888, it employed 28,960, of nbotn wwriiKt Essen, and, including the families of the workmen, it supported a population of 78,769 nouls, of whom 24,193 lived in fine houses it provides. There are at Esben 1,195 furnaces of various CQastrati&aiM.; 3286 boQeis, 92 steam bammers offrom IflOto ffllOOO kilogs., 370 steam engines with a toUl of 27,000 bone MB^,l,7Mdifferpint mm-Jihwis, and 351 cranes. Ofc^^djytenseddaily, and produce ncarlj COO toasof inmpec day. 