The man who threw a chance-away, picked up an acquaintance immediately after., The difference between pigl?headddness and :firmness is this-it is your wife who is pig. headed. "Nothing will so retard the blissoming of budding love as a dog in the fro'nt yard, or a' boil on the girl's lip. NMamma (at. table)-" Kitty, stop .that L Do you want me to spank you ?'' .' You tan't, mamma; I'm sitting on it.'! t ''Brown--" Halloa, Jones; how's your wife?" Joiies (a little deaf)--"Very blusteriig, aiid disagreeable again this morning.' The most absent-minded' of men is the professor who, when he hears himself knock ing the ashes out of his pipe; will call out, ' Come in." A female contributor, ,who?:was calledito account by an editor for writing on both sides: of. rher paper; retorted;: " Well, ?and don't you print on both sides of yours ?' There' is a great art"in- making a good :cheese. Yes;, 'a fine fresh chieese is an admir able production of art, and a very:good old one is often a rare specimen of;!" aniimated natuire." . Jones-" I say, Smith, I understand that Brown is something of' 'a"literary. man." Smith-" Literary man ; yes. .;Why, Brown writes for Ithe 'wastebaskets of 'some of the leading newspapers and magazines in the country.". ," I have a great :head on me this morning," observed Mr. Auger to his wife as he bound a wet towel' around his cranium. "Heaven. knows you need it bad enough," sympatheti cally replied that lady,'as she rolled over for another nap. " There He Goes with: His Tongue Out."- Mr. Curran was once asked what an Irish gentleman, just arrived' in England, could mean by perpetually- putting out his tongue, " I suppose,' replied the wit, "he's trying to catch-the English accent." * A petrified sandwich was dug up, near Swindon the other day. They put it with the collection 'at thie.'railroad 'station,: and the purchaser said it was the tenderest sand wich he had ever bought at that place. S"Papa,"' said a boy .just returned froin a sleight-of-band entertainment,?"?'I .ish~i I was a conjurer." ':':"Why, ihylson ?'aski d the parent, blandly. " I would turn you into a rat, call up the cat, and: wouldn't I have a lagk !" cried the little urchin. No generous man would.go to ia spiritual seance.given by a lady medium, and as, the ghost is, walking about, while the mniedium is tied in the cabiniet, exclaim-" There's a rat by the ghost I" It spoils ,the effect to have the ghost- cry out and gather up its lskirti and run. .. ' 