A Ghostly Pump-haidle. T1king pf gh~ots, said a friend of ours a few ay, ago, I will jst .tell jtidnhow "vry nerly ['was once inadea balieveti them: The story Is h'ort, but itglvee aii ilditiogal' prTef how cautions we bhou?d~Tb ininrvesit gatuig every natourat case before hivin~gfe :course ttpthe supernastural. It Is hosso "long s?lce I took a imjl, odd .lookinog, ao?.qieer-shaped house' in one of the suburbs. W--e iaD nob?i?e'? in it a day or two before my wife dealr ed it was. haunted. 'The most,.unsccoun ebla noises, she said,'occurred, at times ':nd in places where there was no one to- make them. Nothing had been seen yet, but Iqi ght de pend, added ny, rift, lt wonld not be long before something iappened. -I'confess we did hear straigen ounds eaome~iea; but as the houae- is' aeiii-deti??ed, and I believe abounds in mice, "I considered them folly.accounted for. How.ver, I" was aitting quietly at- home wiohi.m-wife one. afternoon, when she shaeddely h?eerd a slight. scresm from the neigb?iorhoodoi the kitchen. In a few minutes our cool entered, looking very frightened, and bold ing her handtight upon her left side. "If yo pleaeb, m,' with a 'gulp;"" I wish to leave em "*ith an injured sort ot ex:rese lion 6ofconintehsc :. ": ' Why, Mary ? What is the matter!? " bn't know, 'm.: BntI in't been need. to live in 'oases where pomps workb of their own will. I haven't done nothing wrong:; ied if. a spirit comes.hereo itanii't beate of I me, 'm. b ut Iantstay , m ne wouldn't go-into,etht ;b?ck ketin seQe. no, 'm, not if ~ or was to gives me " £, nor master either." "And I'ish to leave too, 'm,(' broke in Jane,'th boiksemld 'for I can't itnd it neither, mni. " " Why," said I,. "what are you talking about, -you silly women? Pumps working of tbeix DI,ogq . I " )Yh . d y ýlg ,p?ou ;' it now." And, indeed, the slow creaking of the pump was plainly audible.- Bt cook here gave s?ocbllarmsig:yymptoms of approbi'h. eig ,fatints 'and" yteri? tlat my wife'was obliged to run .or hei smellingilte; and so mutterini some pivitb: opinioni of'ily own about pumps, I proceeded to the back kitchen. - _.?\i;l,,I ee;(ainl,pva agfgnnded.. ~iL y perfectlyotrue. Mysterious ad awful eigh"I there was the handle of the pump swaying up and down, moved 6y no mnortal bind, an I tater flBoing from the spout I ,TheTbinotion 'is nt- violent;' on- the" cotrary': rafher feeble, and so was the gosh of water; bhiitin stead of decreasing, it seemed to gain power, which was the, monna, onntble.. For :ug ý I e lit. An-;Error .of Pl epep tjon. , (Out laundry Iadyfishingaut an. arlicle which had 'one into the clothes-hasket i'Befoor. Oidwear a hat upop uei-Hktithot, Oi'd go a reheaded, Oiwud r" queer,;with a nasty faste in'my mobth, and 'a;i, g ping a jing miiap'ne, eispeciially'as a loud'i' crash resounded from'the ktch?ia;"an.d madeoo me hit~': h;;a1 howeveX Jseiwh i ow to, account for, pnud recovering ni'presance of minid Iadvani',d acid laid y handlibhtl on the handle.' "-. down I I It continued togttmopped. .lresnoved pressed hPbiRj'atter a second or two, it began nhtly' to rise again. Decidedly it was very strange. But ghosts, indeed l: Pahaw, fildle sticks I I said aloud, with more confidence I dare say than I felt. I stooped down, looked: underneath the .sink, and; itl about. Noairhbolc --ha.l nair.-hole in tie cylinder ? No; there was not. indeed. I ?!ood back and watched, the ppenomeno, in a kiii pf reverie. In hout,five .minstes it a;,pped altogether; and thopgh. tlried several.ti?er , I could not renew it. I w.ent back to my wife purzled. "'Afteii all, it's. gqujJrue. It's sidice!pus w•hy'?could hot di.vet the c- i.' nut mend lane for lIe. 'ol sr tp.upther , am d4eterzwineda;o li.it ou."" oi'the facts," He s?e?eI?l'?u?''? .-. " Ah I sir, that bothered "t'elady as lived here afore you; and I don't believe she never'half liked the house for it, air, l tukh I 'splained it to her. She always used tobny the plae owas haunted, sheoand. her miaid, too; and I think that is why she lefti ' As for the tenant atore, hcan't say. Mr. Cinmp, the landlord, he lived bore afore he?." "Bnt"Eow is' it, i Mr." lider '. I inter r ep t e d ' • "Well, sir, you are your housr asd the next has but one well ; and when the water's low, and they pomp much out of it, it mikes theowater.ise and fall, and thea.that. rete the sucker of your pump goin',sir,anduthat lifts and sinkt as the water do, aid in course that makes the. 1ndlo got up ay d ,Avr. ;.6n rI .da p*y. pinpig. Mr. "o, sir, p'raps not. Their pump aint exactly where your'iH and' there'b a.good thick wall? bgtween you" Bdt'ihat'' bow it " So much for the ghosts, my love," said I, addreslng my wife, As tar ? he crash in the kitchen, our cat, who is the greatest thief amoiig cats, had taken advantage of the coast being 'clear 'to jimp on ths:dieser, a?d in doing ?o had pulled down the knife-tray right upon hin; self, as Iafterwards discovered, to my great satisfaction, by the tenderness of hip bead and a.cut onshlis leftear,. .1 can say of this Irbat canbasd nf very tI ghost s toes, 59,5~ali U. Az-it 15 pectly tzue. 