Br: 11 IE5 TO?~ZI~b ALuth~r of th>~9dfOS Interpmtet&. IcC 1:;w~Ltton oopooel7 for thfsoornaoI - -o rty yearn^seelausO. ,o a.ongtlfme to ;,,vid ac . and 6Coirh for a itory in tho schives of on'ne's mory. .. But this is what my grandson, Er·i roper, wants me to do for his amusementi his Christmas time. " -. '' I began to ponder, and remembered thatm shen I was a lad'wle nlwayO Used to ask tfo nmothing creepy or weird, at this season 0fthe year, so I cli6se the following true tOy of my youth., Comparisonsare odious, Sotit rts reshing. :Hrer the weather !;hot, and one ,needs to .nopone's head 'th a handkerchief. Imagine then, a ell.lighted library in an old fashioned inliOh rectory. ' Outside the trees are limnawith bnow, the ground is white, and le churht y5ariinffntof tho houee haa a ,atle a foot thick. I am sitting over the re, with a volume of Early Fathers in my mnd, mukingh pretence of reading, for my sacle, the old reetor, with whom Iam read ngforordcr, i strict aonit nimy study. Mly three pretty cousins are waiting until hire leisure to give a helping hand with he holly and laurel, which tliey are putting Ihave satisfied smy conscience, and, Iwing down my'book,' bein- ". SHap on more wood, the wind I chill, t ntlet It whitle t ill, ' . we'll r'eep our'n irry Christmaa btillt "Well here's a biglog, Eric, put itf on~, and come and hclp me," said Lucy, my you?gest, and prettiest cousin:./" i i I did as I was told, and stood in readi "I wonder how long the Earl will keep lather to-lnight. I wish our. fa.thcr was more jolly than he is, and our homu brighter, udead of thib musty luld rectory, full of gluslo and 'hbhgoblios. It will" Io. thu delh of mu -yct!,' oaid:lthou'j1"r ul thu family. "Listen, I can hear something weird now mongst thc launrel btishes. I will lift the blind, sad : you shall' behold a .ghost,' said he giddy girl, and suiting the action to the words, went to the winidow.. Without looking I began--:' "A truce to your nonsensoe Luy, or The scntence .was neverr fnished for a etartled cry raRing thouighi thoroni. Emme line, my favourite cousin, whio had emitted hat dreadfll oind, covered heer face, 'and Lucy letting the blind fall, flew to my side, ed grasping inmy arm, said- . ' "The ghost isreal. Oh Eric!" Believing Lucy to be still jesting, for she wos always making fun, I tried to assure Emmelioo itlwas 'all nohseiso, but whilst speaking, I heardnthe handleo of:the french window turned, and. flew to see what was the matter. And lthere' I ibhld a tall fcmale figure mrceoped in whito, as-though just sisen fimn one of the tombs in the back ground, sith long hair treaming in the brze. I was albout to open the door, when the chree girls said in hbdrrifee tones "Oh! Eric I Eric I for heaven's sake don't go out." At tlis moment, Barah, the housekeeper, ruohecd through the room, and .outat the window, telling me to nmisid my own ininess. To divert attention, for there seemed to be some mystery, I suggested that we shouald finish our decorations. - Fanny, the eldest girl, soon i?egained her calmness, and though she would answer no quetiouns, I divined, she knew antiethiing about the apparition. When I had taken the last picec'of holly from Emmeline's fingers, she said- UNow dears it is time to retire." Jost then old PCanto barkedl and we knew the rector was returning. ,The old man had no toleration for, weakneas ini hi children, and as for ghosts !--Well we gainesl an outward compenuro before he entered, for we all stood in awe of Dr Priestley.. . . lie came in, took his own partibidar chair; spread his hands over the fire, anud theneaid "It is really a terrible night, and his lordeship is worse than usual. P'oor weak fellow, whlilst ,v were dining he declared lie saw ilas nother's- ghost lilt acros thi winduw. The, blind hadbeen carelessly lowered, and atight half vwaiy down," lie wanned his hands again. "BahlI ghlosts indeedl. Corlnlum was always weqk minded, and his bad health seems to make him a bigger fool than ever. When I was his tutor I counl dis lrnaeigs of tis morbid nossense. It is a blessing he never thought of mairi?ing. Thanhk Old l" heo ferviently' ejaculated. " You girls have more brainus. .. Lucy, the rirrepresuclble, xcloihedull. , "What would you say father, it we too leclared, wed had secl thd t.hrlBtmas glost." - - -. I should s,--" Go to edo and say your prayers, which you mlust do directly L have dissmlad the serranits.. Ereo 'ring the hell."' ,, ,L I rang and the oeUd seemed to vibrait ily on nerves. To answcr it, came two frightcned womucn, with faces a pale as thle snow outside. Being asked by the rector what ailed thetu, they replied that thle coach-man and hlrs. Morley (two servants, who had lived with them ever lshic'the girls werd bhon) had hearld oisol;aud roohed cut, aluo jiu. itig returned yet, blt, luus n inform?cdl us that she lhad betna:lokiug t o fthiolher window bolore they started, "nd had ieen a white llgure: liae a glhost, lwh-h Cared her ooueh. At this DrI..Priestley said In :n ,;xe." tone-" Well I'joy tallseet masd to-?ight, \ ghsts indeed i Let uspray." We all knelt, and I felt, rather than , for I triedl to keep my eyes shut, that wvonma kept her ogep fixed on tLo ,tv. lThe hritmatsa gh.ost Is having a .iO lii of t 1 Iuhoght, ut Iwilt have somn Itaeton front tht edoetor, whets women haet gotne to hod e)ec a i no'lttcel, thhni Fanny aemlid lte and uneasyu ss was not fraid Ilikeo et.t :"' ' · r ?" k ?'[ thrheeat t \Yr eu theyl It gonltut, I teiuan , " Well?, $~r,- mtay smake lIghst o[ It, out rthnin m was here vcielt vIstIte uord a"Iow Erie rlel' yat ngu fellow reslinug foroe?tonishil4I e sntaore usens ! e. 'l Uti?a ir'i Isuwret with ty" own eye, ljust ad~ls·en orulty nnsthto~Ul ttt hiuloi ,' traml my Imnd?:'.., .. ,. . ".?: ?"... l:trotssty anlt.:r,;sa hen1, ft to~youenelt., \?"." :?? '" ?uirhdidrt 'en tol r ?/eommtt m es 'see~Bn it. thsy did· eson a ister loPt~reath smud to Iiie waotldhy8the oldetinhlet that each ohristma glige the lijuothort who lisd for some occoaitrio reason ofsiii a fatier's, benhburied am valt ino the churich, instesod nof lsthei l?m0lY nmanso learn, walke~dth church brd, to .show h~er dilaesneS. 2; Now hsovrevir, : '"sodden thouuhtedtreuit hir,.' "My Gudc, it cannot. be," ho. cjaculatesi; "i aut Bee "afi4,r'-Mr5-tMdrloy aeda old John. There is something unusual,; si their being out on sauch a night: Go to bed lad, and' dream of 'plasnter things, asid a hariy Ohbiutmuuissto-morow ." ' : 1enttt. !tbimy rsnber aundi .qnflxtifl. guished the light, hut; cold though it was, ureuIiosity lipk4eope5 of bed. I stood with jmy hin' ihni kda QB my li;d c n ii hw; resting on the wodinelo?Ull. i The 90i~i' wieod ca; nt-itlu; Many graire stones wore quite embeddetdi snow; TheiVy nimantled church was laden with the pure white, and beyond were tlhe glorious snow-capped hills. Presently theio lil door opened, and the rector, foilowed by P8nto, wen'dead 'lis wda' between' theb s cds,b?ud thiough thwnlbket ateitntot tboh road. The old gentleman must suspect some1 thlng, I thought, or?h would not turn out a sebed nftimc,;',n stbici dngirt: '' i"l My curiosity was now fully aroused, anod I went down into the- l!bra!ry, and,q out through the window. The moon was bright, and I could see in the snoeaii5i of aiscuflt3T~Ti people haul met,onecomingroundthechurch, the other from thoback eo the eouse." I traced foot-! stepe~tlerbeglifbe grevee and 'enCt - t ite gate, where the doctr had gone. Having satisfied niycilf th?ithtier Vas a mystery which I could not- solve, I returned to my room.di * Whilst the rector was out on his midnight errand, I recalled Wvhat I had hheaid of his former life. "He was riy father's cousin, an Oxford man, aisd a scholar. After his ordination, lhe:hi'd inliade chaplain to 'the late Eajlof Corlniunin and tdtor to his . For many years living a solitary life among his books, he' -had dividedihln time betecv i theroatle and the pariis In due time he, was made a canon of Ehbor Minster, and at- the age of forty five was . married' to Lady .Emmelino Oraham,a diatant relation of the Earl'e who had been visiting at the eastle. The' doctors income at hiit' rtime, was a thousand a year, ibeing in residence part of the year.atehbor, prcachiig often in the dinstor, and the rest' of the time at Dulmer. Here his three girls were born and the mother — I began to think — I had always understood she was dead. Died when Lucy was born. Butwasitsou 1. lay down, and kept treading mentally every gravein the churchyard. No! She was not buried here, that was.crtain;,buOt she might have died elsewhere-on the continent-at ''tte sca.sidte-anywhere an&I; fell asleep., -. . . . ?'-Tlesnext mion~ng,1we all anoemhted for breakfast.' The doctor showed io sighsb of a disturtiedi'night. .' found myself wonr driing if the 'edxcite?iddnt lastn ight wi alIl adream' ' :In IEmnielino atsina Icob clit direr ;a nervousness, ivhicl' was foreign 'to hort Lucywas as bright as ever.: -, Breakfast over, we began to think of our service. L was to read the lessons for the first tiie, and the niefcurate tob preach. We had decorated the church with lanurel and holly, and it wore a more somm bre appearance than usual. When we thrde canne oiitof the vestry, I noticed a ray of soiolight stealing through the east Wiilow:and ?;rtlug ois the monu ment to tioe memory of the late Countess. The sight of tlast night's ghost, rose before my mental eye, andl thought-' The arl gave -yeaou a substattial slab old lady; he did not intend that you should walk about and give trouble.' They started the servicre with " Chetatsan aestho, nouto tho hapry morn.' Emmeline was organist, and in tCie middle of the hymn, I saw her fall forward insensible. Ileedlessof the reverenddoctor's rebuke's, though I knhow he could behiere, I rushed from the chanel.d in. my surplice, and caught tlhe fidtting girl in my arms. She regained concioudsness when we reahetd the porch; but ont seeing me it my surplicc I supppose she connectedt me with iat night's apparition, mand gave a piercingt shriek. ............ •We took her' home and for weeks shte onuffred from brain fever." ' ' During that morning's service. I heardl little that was satid. I was thinking of my own delicate mothcr, who was wintering at Nice, aid of a certain Chriotmis, when I was a boy, and little Emmeline hadl been our guest. A few mouths passed. The doctor was in residene. We lived in the Minster close, under shadow of the gigautio trees where the old mouks hlo walked, ond reoad their breviarit~s il days of yore. We had just hred ,3 powerful sermon from the doctor. The moonalsno-n giteneu in the thicl foliage above;) V * • "Wewon't go in just yet, Erie, let us enjoy the beauty of this nummer evening." * ' Nothing would please me better, Lucy," 1\. replied, "if Emmnline is strong enough to hbar this evening'alr." " S" Oh I iam strong enough now, and slhall enjoy sauntering about here." ' "Fanny won't like it. She. always ohl jecta to anythiig she conslders seltilmental, .but ar we always .to. live .a proy.life be enisao she is so proper. I for oneiay no m " oexladimcd Lucy.' ; -r.i: *. The assizes were just over, an. ua o? i harrister juined us. Hlo ewa a friend of n.ine, and deseraltely In lovo with Ldio. ,. We started a couversatlon about the old monka who had so often walked where we weenwalking, then we talked of the super natural-of fairles,pixies,'ind wilder BeSan dinaovln spirilt-finailly Lucy told bur owin pet village ghost itory. I liat drawi Emmelineo' arm i, minc, and I felther trembllng. Then the inten. sity ot my,feelings over.mastered me, and I told her of my love, which had steadily been growilnq since my boyhood. ' ' "You shbll be my wife, :darling, and nevcr be frighteneol again, and we will "irget all about white ladlesn and village ooSabioa. " I knowv I am very foolish, Eric, and atin trying toIh nter lly stilptdncsu," and she drew closer to'mic; Another tale ot'lyc liad boon told under the treec, aud the exuboaont Lucy, was s filttOt u2Tlrtl tat nbc reciecitl itas acre rebuke fIri?'t?ho doctor?lwen w wceio afterwards ausembled tin th'dr.ni ng-rooni. A moiisolaterhitor Igf1 fbifir . lut'laitio, a thiinionly fellow of goodt family, ainda rlsink a matin 'lisainroefsaion, was in tlov .iilth luCy..,PrisCtley, and ftlatiucr" IhtIself' that ithe deator would look with fllqvor ot his it. t. hy. had met ofutn at tln louiso of Lady Charlottl ieoe, who bad tneouragmdl theirt liking for nh al other. . The dLay after this ciarik li the lifitert Close, he called ass totoh due?;. : avlng been asked tb take a scat In the llhibra hse bcgonato tlslnki?"hitt l?? shsltd say 4u thdueo he.d :Pr 'msently hoeee Ins. 1ul oanted his face 'No rilentlng there, when lhe :ras once uiado iihll Is snld, ho tliotlght,'g":I-" "'le'uhanislts?St: ; usliik~cn"?lth wha;t II0eneaee he ho1ddvniteonsI;mma I-" ryorn i. ? ,Th?t issha -d ?aild," reiterated th614d miji. "anil I don't think .shall ohingo n'? thlf ictraordlnorgy decision.. , L" can offoce Miss Lucy a good.h!ome, and will leave nothing undoddetoisltkh ocr happy. " That is all v6e' Well, and I know no: thing against yotu, sl:i the inspiii iena is on her side I am not ntlibherty to tellj?u my rson; if, hIdoweycvr, you should be of the samo nlihci next onnzeoc.oyou shMl ha?bd my J d6nnsr d ' ulge1 forI yourrelf. Lnoy In still yonng.,; II shoudanir lit to wvith draw my, oppositiaus, ;?liil have plenty of timealeftand-you Will not suffer by giving yearcr nieor. of uninhirrupted atteation to your professlon." Then youn will let nme hope, sir, not posol tivelyrcfune your consent." " Atmipscnt fdo rcefso ii." 4: • Passing the drawingroom door on his way out Luoy. saw himnd asked him "Are you not coming in for a fem minntesl'.';I .. -/ 9 " If I may, but pehaps the doctor won't like it." " Wyl' PRulI how. smiserable *yo look. Come in and tell us what is the matter." "Iam miser;rb~idre?it? Your father has refused his consent to our engagement -at least for the prenent." " I kncb he would," interrupted Fanny. "It was impbssible.. " "But wham nonsense. Why impossible?" said Emmelino.; Lucy did not speak. I'Paul want on " It is all a mystery to me. But I could see in the stern old man no sign of relent ing. There is only one spark of hope. liHe says when I come up next year he will give me his reasonand let me judge for myself. Now, I suppose, 1 moUst y' gbod bye." Fanny and Emmeline went out of the room, leaving thelovers alone. We will also draw a eil. over the part tog secen .' Weeks passed. /Lucy sorrowed for hler lover. At last she asked Fanny if she could not tell her lwhy her father had come to :tllis-eeisin.i Bptianny?vthough f~ul$ of ioelg' sorroc for her sister' sdisa'ppolit ment would give no explanation. " Darling, I eanei6t explain-the timne is notet," she had.said. " You and Emme line mayb everitiairyblitjiu yo ciai bifleiappy if you try. Do your duty, love each other, and God will make up the rest." Their stay in the Minster city came toits adlse,'aea thdy."returcied to Dulideri '2 'P Months passed. My mothler had passed from this earth'at ice, and I yearned for my cousin's society. I had made no formal declaration:ofpmy!ove.1totgvevir to Fanny had I breathed my wishes, knowing that to her practical mind an offer oflove wethout a hosd fo 'my ctr ohe otbtsl~lbe'treated as nonsense. My father had c good living waiting for me, directly I should be priested, so I had no qualms o-'connaionco:klih ing :that ul timately I should have a good home to offer soy darling.., Clristmas again came rochd,' andl was again in' the old Dulmer reetory.' '- : On this visit, I hinted to Fanny that I hoped some day to make Emmelihe my wife.:. .... "Ol!i Eic; Eril 1" she exlatmed," don't gile my father another sorrow. He will refusc you. The girl's must not marry." .,"But this: is nonsnec.: Why,:may I ask 1" " You mayaso~ lbaut I einnot answer, there is a barrier between themn and the consum. matoi of l~v." ' " "A eIxrrier, indeed I none wltich my manly strength shall not break down, so help me God." "Yon musst wait then, and be patient." Mymntime (anny had felt Cupid's shaft htrsm;elf, anl' wassstruggliengagainst her love. Ambrose Coulsoen, her fater'sa curate, had inospired this love. After my conversation witlFnmiany, re corded above,. I had gone into the village with a haltf-formed dctermination in my mind to lmve it onet with the rector, but I must wait my oportunity. In tihe meantimeir . ; in t Couolpun coming out bf a cottage wlicr 'two or three of its inmates were stricken with fever. "Anything the matter old nian l You ook mnro dolutful than old Dawson yonder, who is down with the fever." Then I conlidcdl to him my trouble, tell ino also of Battle's proposal to Lucy, and tile doctor's refusal. " It is a sad bushlia all rounld," he said. "We all seem alike doomed to disappoinlt merit.V Thtaou^ Impatcel to~nOithrptfhe l'rieatley his wifie. The doctor had returned from his yearly. visit to Ebor, thie assizes were over, but poor Battiue had hot been' tliere, the tyrant fever had laid hold of him. Heo had written to tlre doctor, trhat he was still of the same mild, to tlhe spring 1 liaid another visit to oulmer, whoa Coulson ndl I conaolutlcatetd with Battic, and we formed a plan for getting tihe doctor to give Is his raeasons. He and his cumate were busy now, the Earl had. returned to the castle to die, and his old tutor~ .d ili 'otisut attendance. 1 :was now iadeacon'a ordersJ; and was to ?e prlcste l at Trinity, so I cold,vwith someo oht", of a ison, offer my darllig a home. We (that is Coutlson, ltattie, and myself), agreed to meet at Duliner, anl ooffer bur suits at the cme time, 'but, before then I was sent for by Coulson: T!ie doctor was ill, and Emmeline fading. I obtaiocd leave, The sick man was for dayn delirious, and in 'tho feo daysd I learnted more of his life tllau I hatd ever knowa before. Tile bnleln of his delirdum asl the doingoof his wife. * ' * Ao would break out with S!Oh! that 1 had beenn more tender with her," or " She might have been sane now ift had been less harah." Many similar expmosiona led ime to be liete that the family mystery was in some way connected with I?ady Emmcllnc. The gho.t of that Chriatmaa Eve cameo vividily before me, and one ilglit; whilst listening to his raviang, wheit we had altiont lost all hope of his recovery, I dctrninelt to coml. tpl Fanny, or Mrs, Morley, to speak the hext dav. 1 doeclde uponMuorluy, as beitag more ikely to reipect my autlhority as a parson, >nd muore likely to speak, knowing my re anlt for the family. About eleven the lextt morning, I knocked bohitly a her. door, knowing that tho rectueY, (uiic(crt ad Fanny safe in trio room. 'On seeing me she lool i'blastonliliid and said - "Well, sirl what can 1 do for youl I thought you were up with the nmaster." "Ito is restinm ow,io Mrs. Morlyty, spt I uint you to' dqs.mmethlng for mlocas a grnet'fvour youIiiqotoiIs iv . "Waltl l Aoyttugp in ron, but, ,ti"h uitistcorelnfmlog tiMt.ur to-hi deuth, iihrrqel, osl, sItliu hlus.ruiut cht, is al? 1 w ont." ,, , "V.uy t downn tElt otr, aud I will try to obligo you , ... he1 tdlid Ouuat frl!-11 sL' y, balt, bj Ilalttaiug, rua-uuig, and ttiraai~[ajoag got nut f lier tc t followlug sto' '. ' "I dare say yoit Iave hx.nd the young ladlea ay that I: wai hes betfore theo m$~tloiirrled,. Z1 hogb6Ur.d from .thseast~t:;eiid ~toldlh ssuhwa going to, marry Lady Emmeliso Geaham, a disy tant relation of ,the Earls?.bui'stayiss therc?, with.her father anidmother,:whilst' thnr Earl woo away in PFaitfne l Ie o hM tho e;·ctory., d6ne·e ap abit~eund ho soee hruh'homn~hfsiubifd~, Shef; was *tho jottiielittle thing you could see. Miss Emmeline looks most like her, but Miss Lucy has her bright ways. Whatever such a learnecd manl as our doctor could do with such a chiliish wife I didn't know. For a tid:nIll went well. "The'astle was fillof visitors, and she spent most of her t.iSmd therec; but when the ceinele folk were in Iondoisli iirinid l:fdi:theis?': She had 'a great dread of the church yard, being mortally superstitious, and after a funeral would cling to ,moihkc a child holding td its mother's dlreo. The lmaslcer gave her ino. aymuplithy ; the was so svere that she was atfraid toes " y how tirvoieishe waso. Hc used to sit ip Into at night, and many a time after a "burying," I hiave found hcr evithlier h~ad uinder the clothes cxpceting to sco a ghost. I found, sir, she had been frightened when a child and could not conqtiej"eherself;i.: ell, 'ir, months went onl and Miss Fanny and ,im Emmmeline were born, and she seemed stronger, and -grew 'Ibolder. I had begun to think, she had got over her fear when the countess died, and the Eirl had' tier' bhried li': thc clihirel: (she being his second wife). The Christmus Evc rtfr that Mios Lucy was born, and an old man returning from the Sun half tipsy, fanvied he earw a ghost l·tt&'helrch' yarad.:''Wd hld: d'afbotlih young thing of a housemaid at the time, that my lady''aslmfond dif,:adl she repeated the story to her. Then my lady begged not to be left alone; but one evening just at twilight, when the nurse had left the room for a few minutes, there being a bright fire in the grate, and her blind up she went to thoe wildow. anl, no doubto, thought she saw something, for the hIouse resounded with piercing shrieks. We rushed to her room, from.every purt of;the hoase, and the rector began by being very severe, but before morning she was out of her mind. ,-Doctorsand nurses came down from Ebor, but they could do nothing, and she was removed to a private asylum. ,Or!And'itwia she who escaped, frighiten ing the Earl, the young ladies, and Susan, on tlhdt Christmnas Eve" I asked. "Yes, Sir, it was. John saw her standing in the church porch, and came for me. We saw her .walk up to the library, window, sand went' ilferent wa?~s. We caught her just outside the window, and your staying with the young'ladies prevented you frodm learning the truth. We carried her be tween us, (she was a quiet as a lamb), a far .uthloiood; andiJoissi ot .o'adchimni from the castle, who was in the secret, to drive her back. bhe had remembered it was Christmas, fom she told them the next morning she had seen her children, and the old library was decorated with holly" SShtohE d r' it n sidan'tltt i why yonr master and Mliss Fanny say the girls must not merry l·': "You have guessed right, Sir, lthal is the reason." Betoret.leavihg- hI;r, tI obtained the address of the private asylum, determining to take Coulson and Battie into my conli dence if the rector died. He did not die however, his good constitution being stronger than his sickness. As soon as he was able to see us t wrote toblliattie, and one fisestimmer morning we three tall, strong men walked into the library to confront the old doctor. SFirst Coulson approached, and asked leave to address Miss Priestley, as hier lover, thene Battie stepped forward with the same request for Lucy before he had time to re ply I followed, and spoke for Emmeline. Thts .beseiged the old man told us the whole story, saying that he had suffeoredt so much himself that he couhli not let any mae run the same risk by marrying his daughters. Battie wavered for a moinent, when he ihad heard the whole story, ani I said " Well, old' man, if you will only face it the matteris not so badafterall. Only get the doctor's ' consent and we shall bhe allright." " Yhat do you know aout It, young man ?" said the doctor. " I know enough, sir, to take the risk on my own shoulders, and have had medical advice. Madness brought on by a shock, after the birth. otf" child .wilt nt affect that child." ' But the taint ainst have beeiL there," said Banttie... ..: " Faiut heart never won fair lady," said the curate, " and we twill preserve our wives from all fear. They have lived in a church yard all their iCves, andare as sane an we or s ra I will take my chance." "Don't reproach mc"msaid the old man, "The IremecbranUee of these yearo of soli tude made me resolve never to conuscn to my daughters marrying." , " Bult suppose we marry them- without your consent, will you oppose us I" , " No," he replied. "You are men wvith reponsible .wills, but olne thing only I stipulate. You must before soayiog more to the girls spend an evening with their mother at Dr. Croft's house." Battie's love for Lucy conquered his first hesitation,'and he said he should only ?e too glad. The eveniong narivedand we were ushered into a drawsingroom, anRd received by our host wile had been. iuiformisdt by Dr. 1rie~ti'eyrfd aitau itaiu. We stubn toll our separate stories.. I, as a relative of the family, asked lif he thought the weak ne ofs brain would be hereditary.. His reply was "i Sumecoustitutional weakness threre may be,but lihve watched my patientanarrowly, tstd have been for some months certain that if she were taken to new scenes, where nothing reminded her of the past, she might be restored to her family. I attri. bute her lint return to reoson, to that ChriIstmIas eve, wchen she escaped, and I amr told was taken for the Christmus ghost. The doctor hints beeoon a barrier to her returniug home, because, havinlg beoughtu his two youSscet ddugheSrIt' believo: thesir mother dead, tle tlit not wvished to disturb thatl thought." .. "Then I shatll mti y c'mycem osah the urate. "I faltered at first," osaidL attic, "for fear of the coasequence.s but I love Lucy too miuch to'?ive lielr up." HBefor I hsdslns toke ths loother entersl. (aneo! Yes, I could see that- and just lik:e Insmmeline-l graped lher 'luad, aud told her who I wa?yi " Ah I yes," i?t aih, " I ean sco Ithe like. ness to lilgh l'osper. Younre hit son." S)sDurlg dilner, aud through.thl evessing, we lad every oppolttnity of hinlding outt for ouroelves, wb'ethe"bitldy Emmeline was in hIer soussd mtlid l nont, 'and We each wenilt bhek to Uulmer, with a reuewel setersmi. to prefer ssr suits. 1 wasdldy pri?dtel Fo u mauuy reasons, not nteessary to our otory, our nuptials were potpondl. Chriotmas morning came, bright and itrb,' Againt th, o v?rd?c ed ?lic grouild. Ie .vatlo chapel .wps decorated fqr a double oudding. iatiio and I weuo wait* uing for our bridcd, uand ..Lady Emmeline was so far recovered, tilat the old doctor vas waiting to.receivo her ns if oa his ?edig da,? . , ?? -? ?', ? Si he atrthe 1 aaupk it patient shed l og Suny South" wher thoy:shquld nev?~ Bata n ii;-ba bog t 'nor iveuton t DPrinetlo ty bo h Il newly recvred wife, who lived mtiany happy years with him to a smiall Frefi0i eivillage, where she was surrounded by new associations. The Rev. Ambrose Coulson nsueceeded. to the living of Dolmer, but he could not persade Fanny Prieatley to become his wiife. Her lhistwordnls'to him bcfore levry lig England to join her father and mother, wore-- .,. .... "If you had seen the suffering my poae father has borne, you would respect my convcition'm; bi 