? ,RE0HOCB OC COBBBSPONDEOT.) * Wednesday, nn Tuesday evening an organ recital Maiy's Church tof England Mr C Trollope, a visitor etaymgat. Mr ^Shnson's. The audience was email to i.'l nBU&llvturns; upon like occasions ^ the performer did his best to favored Mm with the* bv a careful rendering of the fce&tfor.s; chosen from the Pf ,t „na her pleasing vocalmataon of fervor Bright andlMr " delighted l^foce, MisBtM.4A.Evans played for"the benefit of the ^Ttotual meeting of the C.Y.M. rincietyMr J- Slatteiy was elected presifa t The only correspondence was a C r from St fclda C.Y.M. Society, to for a cricket match on Easter Jbndtf. The proposal was agreed to, Provided the match were played before the sports commenced. "TnalbyJuiy Las then proceeded with, provingan excellent evening's amusement. The Rev. Father Qoinn will deliver a lecture at next ueeting, on Friday night. _ The literarv and Dialectic Society met L Monday evening The meeting was presided over by Mr Darnels. Mr Gibbs crodaced six contributions, sent in for the •'Editor's Box." The first paper read J desire for information on " waggon loading "—whether the hind or fore wheels Um,ld bear the greater share of the load ? &he; general verdict of members wa», "the fcind wheels should ^eir the burden." •Ko 2 referred to "atmospheric pressure," J}ne" speaker declared the writer had Magiarised his ideas from a farmer disfcussion. The third paper was on "land taxation," the writer favoring a tax on the unimproved value of land, contending fchat vacant allotments should be taxed to he same extent as lots built npon. Mr Juntz strongly supported a progressive nd tax,but thought that buildings should taxed as it was a sign that a person *ho could build a fine house could well afford to pay more than a poor person. fo 4 was on " Nonsense," written in a angy humorouB style, and was depreca- 017 of stuffing children with the silly •ghost and witch" stories which Bome re prone to do. No 5 was a roll of ribbon inper edged with a pink and bine margin, _ontaining seven verses of doggerel in a Serio-comic strain, and evidently a travesty ton an effusion which appeared in a loca brint lately. The paper was over a yard pong, and written on one side, setting porth the author's claims for the poet ~ p of "Victoria; the reverse {side was reserved for the "poem," finishing up with the modest request that fine members subscribe to get it printed on krhite satin eged with gold lace, so that •the Governor might take it home to pretest it to tbe coming K—g. No 6 was little more than a question re the selling of the racecourse hill. The majority of members stoutly denounced the proposal. Sir Muntz, who is generally emphatic, denounced the local Press, the Star, as a raitor to Woodend over the matter, here was a pretty full attendance of [ladies and gentlemen, and the varied class lefpspera gave general satisfaction. Totes of thanks to the editor, contributors, and nan, closed the meeting. 