THE REV. JOHN VAUGHAN -AM) TUb. JPJIISSTIIUUJJ. TO THE EDITOR OF THE HERALD. Sir-Your paper of Monday gives a report of an Orange celebration at Ashfield, at which the Rev. John Vaughan (Episcopalian) was present. It is stated that at the celebration he took occasion to refer to the purl tion of Christian ministers, and whilst doing so he is reported to have expressed surprise at recently hearing a clergyman of his own Church saying he was a priest" and added, "There was no human priest, ood." As the statements of the rev. gentleman,- as they appear, are calculated to mislead many and per. phlox wore, I shall feel obliged it you can find space within your paper for that remark in reference to his reported statements. The Rev. Mr. Vaughan, whether he recognises or he lies the fact or not, is himself a priest. . He presented himself, and submitted himself so to be " matte and ordained." And his feeling therefore of nuptials at the averment of his brother clergyman, to thought refers, must create a greater surprise in the minds of instructed and loyal laymen of his own communion,' and the better informed ministers and laymen of other Christian denominations. The. Church of England, of which he is a clergyman, has an ordinal or lawful " form and manner of making and ordaining and consecrating Bishops, priests, and deacons," and this, the involvement of Reformation times, when prejudice and party feeling ran high and strong;, and of which toms speak as "the glorious Reformation." The preface to that ordinary was thus, " It is evident unto all men diligently reading the Holy Scriptures and ancient authors, that from the Apostles, time, there have been these orders of ministers in Christ's Church, bishops, priests, and deacons." This declaration, so far as it relates to the Church of which he is a minister, in explicit and decided. Moreover, to each of those offices or orders special functions and duties are attached, and was given and conferred at ordination, and by imposition of hands, by bishops and priests, after solemn prayer and invocation. And as regards the ordinary, "for the ordering of priest for so it is designated the special powers and functions is supposed to form its essence, or ration d'etre. Here is a rabble from that original." When this prayer is done the bishop, with the priests present, shall lay their hands upon the head of every one that receiveth the order of priesthood; the receivers humbly kneeling upon their knees, and the bishop laying, Receive ye the Holy Ghost, for the office and work of a priest in the Church of God, now committed unto thee, by the imposition of our hands whole Mas thou dost forgive, they are forgiven, and whose sins thou dost retain, they are retained,' " is. From this time, or henceforth, he who thus receives the order of priesthood is permitted to exercise in the congregation and Church special fans- irons appertaining to his office as priest He declared and pronounced a general absolution, as a priest He consecrates the elements used in the Lord's Supper, or Holy Eucharist, as a priest. He blesses the congregation, as a priest He is further required to give absolution to-the dyuig:who'fiMit» absolution, as a priest in the face, then, of PW official service and acts, and these solemn and afar statements, is there anything to justify surprise till clergyman of the same church in which Mr. Vaughan has allowed himself to be made a priest should find himself a priest? Is there not rather a greater cause for surprise if not for more than surprise-that OBE who offered and suffered himself to be made and ordained a priest, in the presence of God and the congregation who witnessed the solemn act. should have a pressed the surprise as reported, and have added, also, that there was no human priesthood ? late rev. gentleman, as reported, further states that throughout the church, canons, priests were recognised only u presbyters." This statement will wind odd tone it; will perplex the informed on such questions, to know what canons he refers to, throughout which priME are recognised only as presbyters," Further, rain could be no such need for the recognition he given, for the words presbyter and priest are not even synods-" more, but are really the same word. Milton Miles, " New presbyter is but old priest writ large." And the "new presbytery" was pressed against learned and able compilers of the Book of Common. Prayer by Puritan and Presbyterian objectors, was rejected. They preferred the "old priest to the new presbytery," though it were simply old priest writ large." But my contention here is not beat words, or forms of the same word, but about officer said functions. And the Book of Common Prayer, to which I have referred, and to which all her clergy have subscribed, provides for the making and ordaining of priests. Mr. Vaughan himself was so made a priest and admitted into the priesthood, to which Caesar functions appertain. It must, therefore, be surprising and perplexing to read, as he is reported to have the, t there is no human priesthood. Pain, C, A. CHURCHMAN. 