THE REPROACH OF ANNESLEY. BY MAXWELL GRAYi Author of "Thb Silence ok Dean JIait- LAND," Ao. nr A PT F.R T.— Footsteps. Silenco und Rolltuda roigned all around | a Bolitudo inraded by the appearance of no living creatures save distant docks of slieop dotted at larse 07cr upland pastures or grouped In wattled (olds I a silenco rather deepened than Broken By the peculiar aud by no means unmusical sound of tho wind sweeping through tho short pale- vellow heats which rose sparsely above the fine rich dotvn-turf. The narrow, white high- road ran straight along the eiimmit of tho down j it was unfeneed oa one side where the tnrf sloped so abruptly towards a rich cultivated level as to make this almost . invisible from tho road, and on the other bounded by a bank, purple lu lummer with wild tbymn. and crested by a high quickset hedge, which effectually concealed tbo northern slope of the down and tho wooded countrv beneath it spreading away to the sea. Ihls thorn hedge, which, in default of leaves nod blossoms, bore masses of thick and hoary lichen, iustead of growing orect from its bank, running nearly east and west, was arched over lo the north-east iu an accurate curve, due to (he lierce briny sweep of the prevailing winds, end was byithe same agency smoothly Bhorn on tho windward side. These strong, salt tvindB, blowing off the sea and frequently rising to soles, give all tho trees nnd hedges within their Influence a. marked family likeness, stunting iheir growth and forcing tbem to how to the north-east as if suddenly made rigid in the height of a south-west gale. hut the salt BOUth- wc3t was silent on tbis cloudy March afternoon, and In Its place a bleak east wind, whirling the white dust from tho Blnfy chalk rond and quieting gradually down es the sun drew nearer the woet, was sweeping over the short turf with its low, lonely sound, which is half whistle and half moan. Tho rich level to tho south of the down, sprinkled though it, was with occasional farms, each having Its cluster of ricks and elm trees, and varied here and there by n village spire rising from a little circle of thatched roofs, looked solitary beneath the grey sky. It terminated on the cast in some picturesquely broken hills, inter rupted by a long, level grey band, which was tbe sea, and on tbe south in more hills of moderate height and irregular outline, which derived an unusual grandeur this afternoon from tbo deep purple shadows resting upon them, and empha sising their contour against the silvery grey sky, a sky full of latent light. On tho west again there were bills of gentler outline, beyond these little glimpses of plain and woodland, and on the farthest limit a curving broak filled with < a polished snrfaca of sea, reflecting the dim yellow lustre of the declining sun, which glowed faintly through the curdling clouds above. The wind went on singing its strange low song to the bleak down- land : the far-off farms and villages gave no sign of life ; but one soli tary seagull sailed slowly by on its wide, nnea'rtlily-iooking wings far below tho level of the high-road, yet far above tbe plain beneath, ottering its complaining cry, and receiving the pale reflected stinrays upon its creaintvhito plumage, thus making a centre of light upon the purple-grey darkness of tbe plain and tbe hills. It passed gradually out of sight, and the sileece seemed more deathlike than before.)' Yet life and mnsic were near, and only await ing the summons of soft air. and warm sun beams to spring forth and make the earth glad with beauty and melody. The gnarled, storm- bent thorns were showing tiny leafbuds on their brown branches where tho tnugled grey lichens did . not usurp their place ; cowslips wers pushing littlo satiny spirals through the short tnrf on tho liedge-banks ; down iu the copses, and heneath sheltered hedgerows, prim roses were showing their sweet, pensive faces, sad white violets were budding. Many a nest wns already built ; many a bird already felt tho welcome pressure of eggs beneath its warm breast, and tasted tho fulness of the spring-time j tbo tall elms on the plain already wore their warm pnrplc robe of blossom ; black buds on grey a-h-stems in the copsca were swelling to bursting-point above the primroses. Yet all seemed lifeless. The red-brown leaves on tbe oak bonghs shivered in tho blast. It wa9 scarcely possible to prophesy of tbe green and golden glory that would clothe tbem in one brloi month. Could those dry bones live ? Presently something black rose silently and swiftly above the green tnrf border of tho chalk road. Beneath it appeared a human face, next a pair of broad shoulders, and Anally the whole figure of a man emerged, as If from tho heart of tho earth, and stood fully outlined against the chill sky. He was young and 6trong rather than grace fully built ; tbe keen wind, from which he aid not flinch by so much as an eye-blink imparted a healthy pink to his clear complexion. His fair linir was crisped by tbo wind and his grey eyes looked ell round the wide scene, on which his back had been turned while atepping lightly np the down in a singular manner. Instead of gazing straightforward like other people's they looked downwards from beneath his eyelid9, as if he had difficulty iu raising the latter. Having rapidly surveyed earth, sea and sky, ho turned und walked wostwards along the edge of the tnrf by tbo road, so that his footsteps still made no sound, drew a watch from his pocket, then replaced it beneath his warm over coat, mattering to himself, " Early yet." Boon he heard a sound as of a multi tudinous scraping and panting, above which tickled a bell ; a cloud of dust rose from the road, showing as it parted tbe yellow fleeces and black legs and muzzles of a flock of Bouthdown sheep. He stood aside motionless npan the turf to let them pass without hind rance, bnt one of tho timid creatures, neverthe less, took fright at him and darted down the slope, followed by an unreasoning crowd of Imitators. It did not need a low faint cry from tho shepherd, who loomed far behind above tbe cloud of white dust, himself Bpectral-looking lit his long, greyish-white smock-frock, to tend the sheep- dog sweeping over tbe turf, with bis fringes floating in tho wind, and bis tongue banging from liis for midable jaws, while he uttered Bhort angry harks of reproof, and drove the trnants into tho right path again. But again and yat again some indiscretion on the part of the timid little black-faces demandod the energies of their lively und fussy guardian, who darted from ono end of tbe flock to tbo other with joyous rapidity, hustling this sheep, grumbling at that, barking here, remonstrating there, and driving the be wildered creatures hither and thither with n real that was occasionally in excess and drew forth a brief monosyllable from his master, which caused tbe dog to fly back and walk sedately behind him with an instant obedience as delightful as his intelligent acti vity. Tho actual commander of thia host of living things gnre littlu sign of energy, bnt walked heavily behind his charges with a alow and slouching gait, partially supporting himfolf on bi3 long crooked 6tickand carryingundcrhis left arm a lamb which bleated in tbe purpose less way characteristic of theso creatures. Yet the shepherd's gaze was everywhere, and ho, like his zealous lieutenant, the dog, could dis tinguish each of tbeso numerous and apparently featureless crcatnrcs from the other, and every now and then a slight motion of liis crook, or some inarticulate sound, conveyed a whole codo of Instructions to tho eager watchful dog, who straightway acted upon them. All tliia tho yonng man motionless on tho turf watched with interest, as if a flock of sheep were some thing uncommon or worthy of contempla tion; and when they had all gone by and the Bhepherd himself passed in review, his yellow suu-blcached beard shaken by tlio keen wind he was facing, he transferred his atten tion to hito. "Blusterous," said the shepherd, making his crook approach his battered felt hat, when ho came up with him. -Very blusterous," answered tho gentleman, nodding In n friendly manner and going on his way. This wan their whole conversation, and yet Ike Bhepherd pondered upon it for miles, ami recounted ft to his wife us one of the day's thief incidents. " And X zee to 'n, ' Blusterous ' — I zes j and to zes to me. « Torble blusterous,' he zes. Ay, nu' iWial cc z0''' znre enough," ho repeated, tntb Infinitesimal variations, while smoking rt EUPf1Qr P'po 'n 'i'9 chimney-corner. ihuB, you bbo, human intercourse may be Earned on in these pacts of the earth with a moderate expenditure of words. Gervase llickman went IiIb way pondering pppn the shepherd and hie flock. How foolishly helpless and helplessly foolish tbo bleating innocent-faced sheep, looked as they blundered aimlessly out of the road, one blindly following tho next in front with Buch lack of purpose, that the wonder was that here and there a solitary sheop should have sufficient In tellect to strike on a fresh path and mislead his iouows, And how abject they wore to the superior intellect and volition of tho dog i how tutnuUuously they fled bofore him, thus iuvolv- Jug themselves in fresh disorder ; how tatnoly they yielded to his behests, when so small an exercise of will on the part of each tmght havo baffied him, in Bpito of his lornble tangs ; above all, how liko, how very use, tliemoBs of mankind, "the common herd," os they wero so aptly called, they seemed to his musing fancy I V, iih what a Bheep-liko fidelity do men fol low the few who from time to tluie blunder open original paths, how blindly do they h;rsu 'J'em to unknown goals, and how aojecuy do multitudes pormit themselves to bo swayeu by the will of one with sufllciont thl i1 i1"1® out' Intellect to duminate mem I The mass needs a man, n strong personality, a powerful volition to load M It bows to tbo strongest, to o Moses, a Ltesar, a Gregory, a Charlemagne, a Cromwell or a Nnpoleon ; democracy is but tho shadow ot a shade— the aimless revolt of the aimless many against shackles that .have been Riloutly ' , , i ,ln,."1? procofls of the ages— a revolt i,„i i ® , incoherence of anarchy, weltering on till ono In bom strong enough t„.i ""to anew ; then tbe con- »!v«0Si, 7 a-"1' cenl0'it I"9 work, aud .i 'ii .! a "eot'nB permanence, und thus a civilisation is born. Or tho centuries refuse their sanction, and the "work slowly resolves Itself again to chaofl. Bo Gorvase Hickman biased. But he was not of the herd ; he would follow none. Ho felt within himself an intensity of purpose nnd a passion of concentration, together with a strength of Intellect that mnst lift him above his fellows. Bo he tliooght and mused, not knowing what was within him and Into what channels the Current of his character would set. Ho went on his way, still keeping to the tnrf, and thus still silently, for It was his habit to move with as little sound as possible, until a barrow rose steeply before him and compelled him to take the toad. He Was now approach ing the end of tho down road at th. extremity of which, where the thorn hedge ended, there stood a little lonely inn in an empty courtyard, fenced by a low stone will. On one side of the small honse was a tree, bending as usual to the north-east, nnd imparting that air of perfect loneliness which the presence of a single tree Invariably gives to an isolated building. The inn proclaimed Itself the "Traveller's Best" by a sign over ten low porch and closed door. There were no flowers in the little court, though it faced the south ; neither tree nor vegeLable grow in the barren enclosure, which was ten anted solely by a large deerhound stretched in a watchful attitude before the porch. Mr. Hickman did not look at tho inn, though a side glance of his eyes took in tho dog with a sparkle of satisfaction s while the dog on hearing his footsteps, which were also faintly audible to two women in an npper room, slightly pricked his ears and looked at him with an indifferent air, dropping his muzzle comfortably on to his forepaws again when he had passed. Another road crossed the level chalk road at right angles just beyond the solitary inn. Opposite the inn front on the turf was a stag nant pond, tbe milky water of which was crisped to ripples by tbe keen wind, and in the angle formed by two road3 stood a wooden sign post. ZvlVhen ho reached the signpost Gervaso Hick man leant against it with his back towards the Inn, which was now Borne distance from him, and gazed over the broad expanse of level champain to the dark hills, on the broken slopes of which the shadows were shifting. He did not appear to mind tho wind, which canght him full in tbe side of the face, milled his hair, and obliged him to press his low felt hat more fitmly over his brows p the sound it made among the withered stalks above the sward pleased him, and he mused and mnsed in. the stillness, an image of peaceful contemplation, with his refinod features and look ot quiet con centrated power. While ho was thus mnsing his qnick ears canght the sound of footsteps in the distance behind him, bnt he did not turn his head, for the;footsteps were those'ot a stranger, and could not interest him, so ho thought. They were the firm elastic stops of a man in the flower of life, tbey smote tho hard road with an oven joyous rhythm, and were accompanied by the clear cheery tones of a voice singing — As we lay, all the day, In the Bay of Biscay, O I ' Both song and footsteps penetrated to the quiet upper chamber in tbe inn where two women aat together, one wasted with mortal sicknesq and wearing the unnatural rose of fever In hor face, tbo other radiant with youlli and health. Tbe latter paused in her reading aDd looked up as tho strain of mauly song broko upon tbe quiet of the sickroom ; the invalid's face btigbtened, and she said it was a pleasant song. " It is a good voice," said the reader, " and the voice of a gontlcman." The singer went joyously on his way, and paused in his song when he saw the motionless fignrc at the foot of the signpost. Gervaso Hickman still gazed dreamily away over the valley to the dark hills. A man has but to purpose a thiog strongly to gain his purpose, ho was thinking ; fato is but the shadow of an old savage dream ; a man's life is in liis own hands. Iu fancy he saw the flock of sheep driven on and on along the du9ty highway by the shepherd, . whoso figure sug gested all sorts of images to bis mind save the august image of the Shepherd of mankind. "To Medington fonr-and-a-half miles," was written on one of the arms of the signpost above his head, and the pedestrian read ing this, paused a moment and looked at the silent figure beneath, which with averted gaze appeared unconscious of bis approach. " Is this the only ;road to Medington 7" be asked. " No : there are four," replied Hickman, facing about, but not meeting the level gaze of the stranger, as he replied to his salutation. "Which tako3 mo past Arden Manor?" asked the stranger, who looked as if he would enjoy a friendly chat. " Neither." " Surely that is Arden Manor I saw lying beneath the down by the church as I came along?" "Yes." "An old gentleman named Hickman lives there, I think ; a queer old dry-as-dust of a fellow, who collects antiquities." " A Air. Hickman, E.H.S., lives there," replied Gorvase, with a dry smile ; "he also collects beetles. You are porhapi a brother naturalist or antiquary ?" " I know a beetle from a butterfly, and that's about all," he said. " No t I was to go over the downs from Oakwell and meet a friend by Arden Manor on tho road to Medington. I have evidently gone wrong." "No; you aro quite right.? If you keep straight on you will come to Arden Cross at the foot of the hill. For Arden Manor you turn to the left, but that takes yon away from Medington. Tbrn up the lane to the right, and you go direct over the downB to Medington, or straight ou by the high-road you get to Med ington." "Paul meant Arden Cross," reflected tho stranger aloud. "Thank you. I remember tbo down path now, that is the short cut. Can you help me to a light ? Thia wind is too much for matches." Gervase opened his jacket, nnd in the shelter thns made the stranger, stooping, for ho wus tall, struck a match and: lighted u short pipe, thus giving the other the opportunity of a close and unobserved scrutiny of his face in tbe glow of the match. It wns a dark, healthy, well- favored face, on tho whole the kind of face that goe3 to tho heart of every woman, old or young. " A good-looking fool," thought Gorvase, consigning him mentally to tho majority of mankind. " Edward Annesley, no doubt ; au officer by his moustache and swagger." He was wrong about the swagger ; though the stranger walked like a noldier. Having lighted bis pipe, the officer, thanking him for his courtesy, went on his way down the hill nnd was lost to sight before tho sound of his footsteps ceased to tiug upon tho hard road, Hickman looking after him with a superior sort of smile, until the sound of other footsteps approaching from behind stirred evory fibre within him and fit a flame in bis veiled grey eyes. On came the stepB, swift, light and even, very different from tlie soldier's firm strides, though telling like them of youth, health and a light heart ; yet Gervase, for all the stir of feeling they evoked within him, appeared to take no notice of thorn, but continued his rapt contemplation of the shadowed bill slopes, brightened now by loDg motcd shafts of light from the sinking sun, around which tho clouds were breaking away iu beautiful glory as the keen wind stilled itself mora und moro in shifting to a warmer qoarter. A voico soon accompanied the fight footsteps, echoing in a woman's round, clear notes, the soldier a song : There we lay. all the day. Iu the Bay of Biscay, O 1 At this point Mr. Rickinan left the post against which he bad so long been leaning and etrolled quietly on without turning his head, while the aingcr, who made rapid progress, repeated her snatsli of song, and the hound, which had been lying before tbe inn-door, flew beforo nnd around ber in widening sweeps, all tbe grace and strength of ite lithe slender body showing to the utmost advantage, until it included Gervase in its gyrations, whereupon he turned and waited, whiie a tall yonng woman came up with bita. "I thought you would never seo me, Ger vase," eho said. " What deadly schemes were you meditating under the sign-post f" a." 1 was watching the weather," ho replied; " the wind is chopping round, wo sball bave a change. Where have you been ?" "With Ellen Galo ; I am glad for her sake the wind is changing, the east wind is so bad for her." She came between Gervase and tbe setting sun, which grow more radiant each moment, and now sent forth a dazzling mesh of golden rays to tangle themselves in the fino growth of curling hairs roughed by the wind from Iter rich plaits beneath, thus forming a saint-like halo around the face of Alice Llngard, a face distinguished by that Indefinable charm which Is the very essence of beauty, and yet is often wanting in tbe most perfect features. It was a charm which went to the very heart of tho young man walking by her side, and yet which >ho could not describe ; ha knew only that lt was lacking to every other face ho had ever seen ; ho know also that it was not given to everyone to discover that hidden grace. For each face has its own charm, tho magic of which has different power over different people, and enchants many or few, according to its own intrinsic potency. Tho two walked on together at Alice's brisker paco, talking with the unconstralnt of familiar friends; Alice Involved in tho glory of tho warm sun-rays, while a deeper rose bloomed in her face as the fresh air touched it, and her blood warmed with the exercise ; Gervase for the most part listening, and monosyllabic. They passed a large deserted chalk quarry, Its ntcop cliff-sides looking ghost-llko, Have whoro a stray sunbeam shot its long gold lustre upon them, and then thoy catno round tbo shoulder of tlio down nnd saw, nestling beneath It, a church with a low, sqttaro, grey tower and a gabled stone houso sheltered front the south west by a row of weather-beaten Scotch firs ; lower down nlong the valloy ran a straggling I village, all tlmtoband greenery. Then tbey left tho chalk, and dipped into ndocp sandy lane with steep banks and overhanging hedges, and here in sheltered nooks primroses wero looking hylv forth, and violets wore pushing tiny buds to tlio fight. , " But not a violet is out yet," said Alice. This was tbo moment of Gervase's triumph. He took from a deep pocket a something care fully folded in a leaf, nnd, uncovering it, pre sented to his companion; with n quiet smile, a little posy of white violets, pink-tipped, and set In a gleaming circle of leaves. She took It with an exclamation of pleasure and lifted it to her fresh face to inhale its delicate fragrance. " To think that you should find the first 1" she said, half jealously. He was in the eeventh heaven, but said nothing. He had secretly watched tho budding of those violets for a week, and walked far and quickly to gather them for her that Afternoon, and now he had his reward In seeing her caress the flowers and talk of them for a good five minutes, till the sound of hoofs along the lano behind them made her look up. (TO IIS CONTINUED.) 