!: : — i ? A PAST REDEEMED. . Chapter IV.— -(Continued.") V For one brief moniont tlio thought i flits through -Herbert's brain that she | / is acting. Given every advantage for . a brilliant flirtation with his irresistible solr — time, place, opportunity! — can : any girl in her senses be so inaftu- ated. He is not long left in doubt. Bessy . is disappearing as rapidly as boulder and bramble will permit — her slender frame agitated and heart palpitating to an extent altogether unprecedented. At last she decides she must stop and rest, or fall, and throwing herself down, upon a stone, she presses her bosom i against its cold surface to stay its ! beating, murmuring more than once — i " And I thought him nice 1 Oh, the _ ' cruel, heartless man !" ! And, though Bessy hardly knows it, : could not have expressed the foeling, ! an indefinable somothing in his look j and manner has deeply: disappointed j and offended her. t . Finding that the insanity of nob | ; caring to flirt with , him actually does exist, Mr. Latimer gets perplexed. A.nd after vainly- studying the problem for : the space of a minute and a half, he : determines on solving it, dashing into the hut and astonishing Zeus with the ; energy with which he fills liis satchel, flings it on, and hurries away across the mooiv Zeus discharges a volley of startling sounds in his. direction, and there the matter:, ends, except for the emphatic utterance of two words, which An his opinion accounts for any thing— ' " Wenchen about 1" i Tlio day had passed to other realms ; (" Tlio gentlo Eve drew nigh, With pensiveuoss upon lier brow, And tear-drops in her eye — - ; ' And still no return of Mr. Latimer j to, his encampment.- Failing: other J occupation,, in the course of the clay Zeus falls to cooking the blackcock, and is in the act of taking it from the ' embers in despair when;' ' lo ' and j behold 1 his master puts in an oppor- tune appearance. -- Mr. Latinier eats his dinner in silence,, smokes liis calumet of , peace | without recognising a similar desire on Zeus', . part ; and in the samo taciturn inood retires to rest. Next morning; Hie firet thing, , ' marching oi-dcrs are given, and Zeus, .who the day beforo received orders to lay in provisions for another week, is at his wits' end to know what it all ; - means. Deciding, howeverj eventually, that it is " all along of tliom wen chen," ' lie- regains'! his composure : and habit of whistling, and re- , poating aloud ; his master's command, . to " he back in town by that day week," leaves the hut for the last time, . . awaking tho echoes to such an extent y that the sibilant sounds resound to the topmost crag of Blaekinstanc, where, according to tradition, Zainiel signalised ;. himself at quoits. \ " f don't quite believe it though;'', said Zeus, when he heard-it. Lady Clarice Hayes sails into the room, equipped for a garden party lib Chiswiek, on tho inoruiug of Mr. Latimer's first visit in Ghoster-squaro. j "So glad to see you, dour , but why | did you not write V 1 could have got J you ari invitation." And she beams on him — V 1 . . So coidly.sweot, so deadly fair, ( - Ho thinly a soul ia wantuig there. . . , ,; But duty is what he has set himself to perform, and though it seems harder ' than wlien he came into the room he resolutely thrusts back disloyal fancies ' and addresses- himself to' th'e task of i beiing agreeable, toning, down his ex pressions of regret to the precise tem- l peraturo required by the exigencies of qbriventionalism ; takes note of -her impatient glances at the clock, and ; finding that her ladyship's multifarious engagements do not permit of another ! interview this week, efi'euts his depar- ture.: That over, lie proceeds to keep an appointment with ari old friend .of his father's, through' whose interest lie hopes to. obtain , a post at Somerset ' House. It is not a veiy lucrative one, but what it is he accepts gladly ; pays' Y a visit to liis tailor ; dines at the Arlington, and dedicates himself in a now edition to the world' of solemn respectability. '' " v ' ! Rarely, however, are dedications, especially of revivified self-value, read; in the wliirl of the London season. And call when, ho -will on the Lady Olnriee, lie finds ,that resplendent i . : young woman either out or tlio centre ; of a knot, of idlers. ; Not an obtuse man, he asks liimself if it is intentional— if its aim is to pro voke him into taking the initiative in' breaking ofl' the engagement. But on ! '.breathing.- the' "'first syllable of this impression lier ladyshipVamazemont is so evidently genuine that he at oiioo ahandbnsairidcaof.it. : f' "Didn't lie have enough of me, j then 1 "she imuriiiurs in reply, iis if . coaxing her pet cockatoo ; he'll have too much some day, so it's bettoo not, i too begin too soon. j Last year's leaves, the ieayes that were so bright upon the moori: are ! gone, liko hopes departed or benefits forgotten. And now Spring is unfurl-: ing hoi" fresh green banners, oharming never so .wisely, as she woos all gentle" ! natures to be gay. i What, lie wonders, is the little blue flower : doing? Still wandering — everwandering— withBounce, prince in disguise, about the moors? Is he ! v r missed? Bah, ridiculous! And for once, his watch informs him, he will be late for his tryst with his ladye-love : i' : . tryst held — By tho light of a clmndolior, With music to play in tho pauses And nobody over near. ; Ho had just turned into the Strand next morning when a strangely 1 4 : unknown pleasurable thrill came over him, an intangible sensation of delight, ; negativing tho fact, indulged of late, that he had done with that kind of i thing for ever. Is this the sort of feel ing supposed to animate him when, gliding into the ballroom or salon, 1 Lady Chirico appears in all the shim- mering . glory of .pale-tinted satins and the latest fashion in diamonds? Why he actually possesses a heart. It is beating away like Thor's hammer. What does tho organ mean hy assert ing itself after this fashion ? Like a white elophant, it is too costly a pos session for a man of his means. And all on account of meeting a little dun-colored girl, with a last season's straw hat, and style bordering on quakerism. Bessy is very sweet and nice, a little shy, keeping her surprise well under control ; but the rapture suppressed in words overflows her eyes and lights up every feature. It is perhaps a vain fancy of his, but ho thinks her fingers leave his lingeringly. Reluctant to end this episode on the crowded pavement, of the Strand, ho walks with her .'to the shop where she has left lier uncle, takes her in, is. introduced, and con trives to evolve an invitation from tlie proceeding. . . - Up to. this period Mr. Latimer has deliberately elected to, remain in" ignorance of the seed sown upon the Devonshire moor. He has more than once suspected since the memorable occasion when he had overtaken her on her homeward journey, ' and succeeded with some difficulty in making his peace witli her, that something of tho sort had hap pened. But then he is such a stony - subject, his heart such barren ground, that he has only to refrain from .giving it artificial .moisture and it must1 die a' natural death. , 'Jy., . ;l; -.7 There -must bo a concurrence of favorable circumstances- beforo seed- sown has ' power to germinate, he had concluded ; and now, unexpectedly, - it had sprung up, a ' fully - de veloped plant ! Of course he must pull : it up by the root and thrust it from him. But just this once .surely ho might take the reward of his virtue, and pet and cherish it through the shadows and fickleness of an April day. That one : exquisite . emotional thrill had been something to be grateful for. It was as if an old man, looking in the glass, suddenly beheld himself grow young. So, telegraphing to his subordinate his possible absenco from official duties on the morrow, he dashes oil in a hansom to, tlie old-fashioned hotel- in Fleet- street much patronised by Devonshire ' when visiting London. Bessy in a silk of gold-tinged .bf o\yn, with soft laces at her throat and wrists, agreeably surprises. him by the gentle dignity with which she receives him. More thoughtful, too, sho looks and: womanly, and ho finds .himself wondering . whether this moorland maiden also must needs blossom into a fashionahlo 'lady, and conjuring' up the: vision as iii the first moment lie saw, her, or when beneath the swaying branches she related her legend of the lilies. Has all tho fresh vivacity and child like ingenuousness been left at home within the folds of the blue muslin ? " Ah, well," and he checks a; rising sigh, " so much the' better possibly if they have." yy.;y- 'Yv' ' 7 7.7 ; Like pale lightning flashes, on a summer night gleam through his mind some sucli thoughts as. these, but they! vanish" before a dozen words are spoken. The sanie simple Bessy as of old ; the same as when with wide-open scornful eyes she reproached him for his cruelty. ' And how well, docs she dp the honors of their dingy hotel home I A fire burns brightly in thegrate, freshflowers are on the table. And not for many years has Mr. Latimer experienced a more home-like feeling than to-night in this sombre room of horse-hair furni ture and.. drub moreen. 7' . ' ' ' Jack, Carey, .though , .still , in . 'the prime of life, had : grown -prematurely. grave under tho :haiid of '.his skeleton. This, and his country life, gave ! him 'a somewhat old-world air ; but lie . cor dially welcomed liis visitor from our : over new London world," and rambled pleasantly over the common -ground of : sport and politics; till he partly ceased, to wonder .-who!.., Herbert Latimer .was," and what brought him there. But he was in town . for a purpose ; and ; presently: these channels of, talk and speeuldtion were turned by a visit from Jack Carey's London lawyer,- wlio carried his client — nominally for a few minutes—into the secrecy of .another room. .And: so tho othor two are left alone in the , whole world to probe the depths of human love, albeit they know it not. 7 She in lier simplicity, he in his wil fulness, both stand on the brink of the pool. o« living water; toying witli the flowerets on the bank, listening to the melody from its sedgy shores, but volun tarily dipping no hand to taste its waters, least of all looking forward to 'immersion-' witliin its 'depths— depths' reflecting- tho prisniatio hues of our own. imagination, and inverting tho aspect of all things shadowed beneath its surface. , ; , You'; have spoilt my simile," he said, and it had not signified if his words had been, Tt is a fi he day," cbinpletdd as wiWspeeoh by such gentle glance and tone. ' No longer the little blue flower to stir up the leaves to duty? But. a' -brown moth that will flit away to its own nook and never care what becomes of them in this close, dusty town." . " Your simile is altogether wrong. Leaves stay in the country, and don't come whisking up to London of their own accord. And thank you all the same for your stupid brown .moth. But I prefer apansy, a brown pansy- heart's ease wo call them in Devon shire." " Heart's ease I Yes, soft, brown heart's ease. That is oven hotter to my mind than blue forget-mo-not. But remember, Bossy, you are both to mo. And wlion you aro back on the dear old moor again, whore I first mot you, you must sond a thought very often to the poor thirsty leaf that gets so parched and weary iu this hornots' nest." A lover's speech 1 And he is no lover. .At least and worse, another's, not hora. And Bessy's oyes droop beforo his, as once upon the moor. But she is not offended this timo, and . only answers naively — "0, yes. I always think of you now when T go rambling about tho moor." "And how is poor old Bounce? Does ho hybernato in your absence ? " Bessy laughs and says something ho thinks witty, though I dare say it is not. Mr. Carey returns ; and ho wakes up to the fact that it is time to go. So lie plods back to liis lodgings, revolving among many things whether it won't be better to ' telegraph an excuse, and mentally bid Bessy faro- well. . . , V He .would like to. It's quite the right : tiling to do. But then it's a ipity. to-disappoint ;.the little girl. And as for the danger signal— Bah ?' It hasn't come to that. , No ; no need to upset the arrangement. . And ' heY, settles .'''his head on the pillow;at . night; with the calm satis faction- of a man who has magnani mously resolved on sacrificing himself upon the altar of friendship. ' No thought for Bessy's peace. No care for her martyrdom of wounded love. Or if .unconscious that she has given lier puro girl's heart into his keeping, why ho mention of his engagement ? Why the . studious . avoidance of ; Lady Clarice's named No telegram is sent, And Bossy's heart boats liigli with joyful expecta tion. as, she dons the brown silk dress stamped with his'' apprbval;' '. Ari weak little girl perhaps, 7 and , vain withal' to long to : complete her / holiday attire with a few (lowers at her brooch. If sho only knew -where to get two or three forget-mo-hbts or brown pansies. She cannot decide . which. : ; Fate, probably, will: save her tho trouble. And remembering to have seen a florist's window not far off, she sets out on a voyage of discovery i Poor little Bessy 1 Fate does savo her the trouble, for no shop caiishe find now. It might havo been a friend hiding himself for fear of claims upon his purse. And as she stops to cross the street in front of tho hotel, a carriage passes and bespatters her with mud. Bessy, as she. stands, is looking up at the lady facing her, and com paring hoi; with : tlie picture in her mind of Trollope's Griselda Grantlej. " And now she has spoilt: my dress," thinks Bessy. ; " And niuch she would care if she. kjiew," Going to her room to get rid of tho 'spots, she is; 'intercepted by ;. Mr. Latimer, in whoso hand is a splendid bouquet of brown velvety pan sies, centred with gold, flanked and crossed about by .large, meek-eyed 'for- get-me-nots ; the. completest flower- mosaic ever created by artistic fingers. Bessy thinks she has never seen anything half .so. beautiful.! To take it out with her to fade is sacrilege, to leave it a sacrifice beyond her power ; so displaying her splashed dress; she runs. off laughing to repair damages ; and inless than an hour is revelling in the combined delights of tho Crystal Palace, Herbert's presence, and her uncle's admiring wonder; y ri ; A 7 ; - "There are some moments in our Fate "that stamp the color ,of our days." ;.An(l this glorious warm sunny April day at Sydenham ' held one such moment that gave tlie hue to all their after lives. Herbert Latinier takes the opportunity of hurrying Bessy into a rustic portion of the grounds that lie says reminds him of the ' Pixies' Dell. 7 Bessy is in tensely pleased, both at its' - resemblance and the. /aot of it', ocoui'ring .to him. -- A glowing delight beamson their features, and as they turn to resuine tlieir walk they come upon two ladies, who it is evident have previously been regard ing them. A bow, and they pass on. Suiprised at meeting anybody any one knows in London, Bessy exclaims, "Gi'iselda Gi'aritley? ITow extremely odd that you ' should know her. It was her. carriage spliisliod iiie l" . And looking at Ilci-bert for his lingering reply, 'she perceives that lie is .. deadly pale'; .- 7- ;-;:-.! ,!,ri;V:'; A strange . flash of inspiration seizes! her, and forcing!, the words from her choking throat she says— ." You are, engaged; Mr. ' Latimer 1 And- that is the lady. . She is offended. Go to; -lieK";. ;."And 7rdmquisliii his ami; she protests lier' ability to find her way babk ' to. 'h'er': uncle. Come what may, however, Herbert is not going to allow this, though . clubbing himself " fool," in his heart, for risking tlie roncontro. 4 Where now is tlie. brightness,, where the charm, 7 that enveloped Bessy's life but a few moments back ? - 7 Faded oven is the hue . of .her flowers. And but for her, innate love of them for themselves:! she 'had flung them ruthlessly; away. Oh, for the moor and the cromlech, td\ pillow lier aching breast as once before upon its cold surface. 7 ' . ."What right had he to make soft speeches to her; while he belongod to another? Oh, he was not true. She might have known that cruelty and falsehood went hand in lmncl. . \- A little -surprised, but quito ready to return, her uncle gripped her arm firmly its tremblingly it lay upon his on tlioir way to the train. (ro BE CONTINUED.) 