The Oath of D0oom. SCHAPTER XLIII. It is late noon when Mrs. Cleve land returns to her lodgings, and finds Ivy lounging on a sofa in the -shabby parlour, in a state of blissful beatitude. S'You have been out, Ivy ?' she ex claims, in surprise, glancing at the elegant carriage dress of brocaded black silk and sparkling jet. ' Yes,' Ivy answers complacently. 'Where?' her mother inquires, surprised, for hitherto Ivy has spent all her time in the seclusion of her chamber, bewailing her untoward fate. 'I have been-to the jeweller's,' Mrs. Noble answers, with shining eyes, and enjoying her mother's amazement wvith all the zest of one who has taken new hold on life. Mfrs. Cleveland lifts her kidded hands in real dismay. 'You have never been selling your jewels-oh, Ivy !' she cries 'Don't be a fool, mother !' cries the dutiful daughter. 'Of course I haveh't sold them. You know I would die before I would part with my diamonds !' S'Then why have you been to the jeweller's ?' Mrs. Cleveland asks, S'sharply, and Ivy answers, with a little, cunning, triumphant laugh : 'I have left my pearls and dia monds to be reset. You know I have wanted them reset ever since we came to London. At last I have my wish, and they are to be done in truly royal style.' Mrs. Cleveland stares at the speaker, the colour fading from her cheeks and lips, her eyes startled. 'And who is to pay for this last mad extravagance of yours?' she demands, in a low, angry voice. 'Leslie Noble, of course,' Ivy an swers, laughing in her mother's face. 'She is mad, I fear-stark, raving mad,' Mrs. Cleveland exclaims, gazing Sapprehensively at her daughter. 'Oh, no, I am not, mamma. Leslio * was with me at the jeweller's. He has been here and begged my pardon for everything. He does not believe now that Lady Fairvale is his wife. I am going to live with him again.' ' Where? At Darnley House?' lirs. Cleveland asks, almost stupefied at this unexpected news. 'No, for Darnley House is sold, and he cannot get it back. But he means to take another just as fine for me, and I am to choose all the furni ture. Oh, mamma, he ic so sorry for the bad way in which he treated me. Hd loves me still. There is nothing strange about that, is there, that you look so incredulous ? I was his first love, you know. And he thinks me beautiful still. He is ready to do .anything to prove his repentance.' *Did you put him to the test ?' rs. ,-Cleveland inquires, ironically. 'Yes, indeed! You know how often he has refused to have my jewels reset for me. So I said, " If you really mean that, Leslie, let me have my pearls and diamonds put into a more elegant setting." ' 'Oh!' groans Mrs. Cleveland, wring ing her hands. ' He was delighted at the idea,' pursues Ivy, triumphantly, 'and pro posed that we should see about it at once. We drove down to the jeweller's, taking the pearls and diamonds with us. I selected the design for the settings at a terrible outlay, but Leslie did not mumur. He was glad to be forgiven on my terms.' 'Oh!' Mrs. Cleveland groans again. 'Mother, I never saw you act so much like a simpleton!' Ivy exclaims. 'Leslie is coming again to-morrow. He wants you to forgive him, too.' 'Oh, Ivy, you blind, credulous, silly little fool!' exclaims Mrs. Cleve land, in a towering passion. " What do mean ?' the daughter cries, indignantly springing to her feet. 'I mean that you will never see Leslie Noble or your jewels again. It was all a plot to rob you of them. liHe has taken them for Yera, whom he has abducted and hidden away in obscurity.' 'He denies the charge, mamma. He believes with Mr. Gilbert that Vera has run away herself. But my jewels-oh, mamma, do you really believe he would rob me of them? Let us go down to the jeweller's and bring them back at once;' exclaims ivy in feverish terror. ' Iwill go with you, but I doubt if we shall find them there. He would no doubt take them awiay on some clever pretext as soon as he left you. Oh, how foolish you were to trust that villain's exaggerated repentance.' 'Let us go,' Ivy answers, with feverish energy, tying on her bonnet, and hurrying her mother from the room. The sequel proved Mrs. Cleveland right, Leslie Noble had already taken away the jewels on the shallow pre text of his wife's change of mind. Poor Ivy was driven back to her lodgings, this time in real genuine hysterics. CHAPTER XLIV. ' This is no time for hysterics, Ivy,' Mrs. Cleveland tells her daughter sharply. ' You would do better to rally your streng.h and calmness, and consider what you are to do to get back your jewels.' Ivy struggles up to a sitting pos ture, hyr pale-blue eyes all drowned in tears over the loss of her diamonds -the golden calf of her vain heart's worship. 'If you have nothing to do but ridi .cule me, you had better leave the room,' cries Ivy, flushing to angriest crimson. 'I thought you were going to suggest something to help me.' 'That would be hard to do,' Mrs. Cleveland answers, with an irrepres sible angry sneer. Never in alther life has she been so angry with her silly, petted daughter. Ivy bursts into petulant sobs again, bewailing her fate in having such a hard-hearted mother and wicked hus band. 'I will go and see Mr. Noble, if you wish nie,' Mrs. Cleveland an nounces, after a moment's pause. 'Oh, pray do, mamma,' her daughter cries out eagerly. 'Perhaps you may get them back for me, if you manage him right. Leslie used to be quite under your thumb.' 'That was long ago,' Mrs. Cleve land answers, dryly. 'But I will do the best I can to remedy your dread f·ul mistake.' Still in her best dress, she has only to tie on her bonnet and depart on her mission. Ivy, after hearing the door close behind her, lies down again, with a sigh of relief and a sensation of hope in her breast. She has great faith in the diplomatic powers of her mother. After waiting in suspense an hour or two she falls asleep easily on the corner of the sofa and dreams that she is an eastern queen and that her robe of cloth of gold is all frosted with sparkling diamonds. The gray dusk is falling when'Mrs. Cleveland reenters the room. She stands for some moments looking down at Ivy's wan sleeping face, with the trace of tears still on the pale thin cheeks, then wakes her with an impatient shake. 'I should have thought that your suspense would be too great to allow you to sleep so profoundly,' she ex claims wrathfully, her ill-temper heightened by non-success in her er rand. 'Oh, mamma, I felt so relieved when you went after Leslie, and so sure that you would get the diamonds, that I fell asleep without knowing it,' Ivy answers, with some contrition. 'But, mamma, you saw him-he gave them back, did he not ?' she continued, eagerly, stretching out her hand for her treasures. For answer, MIrs. Cleveland holds up her empty hands expressively, arid Ivy utters a wail of woe. ' What did he say to you ?' Ivy in quires&, after a little, pausing in her angry sobs. 'I did not see him. He had gone out, and his servant could not tell me where,' her mother answers. 'Then you will go again to-morrow. He will be at home then,' Ivy ex claims, with renewed hope. 'No, for he is leaving townto-night,' is the short reply. 'Leaving town!' Ivy's voice and look are full of consternation. ' Yes, I learned that much by brib ing his servant. He is going down into the country to.night in a hired conveyance, aome twenty-five miles or more.' 'For what reason ?' Ivy asks, dimly divining a certain significance in her mother's manner. 'I do not know, but I strongly sus pect it is to visit his captive countess, and present her with your diamonds,' Mrs. Cleveland answers,- divining the truth with a woman's ready wit. 'Oh, mamma! screams Ivy. ' But I intend to follow him.' pur sues Mrs. Cleveland; ' I mean to check mate him if I can.' ' I am going with you-remember that,.mamma,' her daughter cries out, hastily. T?IAPTER XLV. While Lady Vera's friends are seeking with heavy hearts some clue to her strange fate, the fair young Countess, half distracted with grief, remains a closely-guarded cap tive in the ruined mansion in the lonely wood. In spite of all her tears and protestations Betsy Robson persists in believing her to be a dan gerous lunatic, and in treating her as such, albeit always kind and complai sant as to an ailing child. The summer days glide slowly past, each onie bearing some portion of hope from Vera's lonely heart. With the dawn of each day she had hoped for release-with the sunset of each day she had wept over her disappointment. The days were so long and lonely without books, music, or occupation to beguile them of their length and dreariness. It seemed to Lady Vera almost as if she were'dead and buried, living in this lonely house, seeing, hearing no one save stolid Betsy Rob son, who glided about like another ghost in this strange world of the dead. 'If rescue does not come soon, I shall either die or go mad, as that woman already believes me to be,' Lady Vera tells herself, in a passion of despair. She wonders why Philrp does not come to her aid. In her despair and loneliness bitter thoughts begin to creep into her mind. 'Perhaps he has no care over me now that I.am lost to him forever,' she thinks. ' He has turned to Miss Montgomery or Lady Eva, perhaps. Either one would be glad enough to console him.' From the world without there came no answer to these silent accusations against her lost lover. The world seemed dead to her as she appeared to it. All her companions were memory and sorrow. As the weeks rounded slowly into a month, Lady Vera's fierce anger against Leslie Noble, her restless ness, her impatience, began to settle down into the calmness of despair. She gave up pacing the floor, and weeping and grieving over her captivity like some poor caged bird beating the bars of its prison with un availing wings. She began to sit still in her chair for long hours daily, with her white hands folded on her lap and her dark eyes fixed on vacancy-long hours in which the colour and round ness fled from her face and form, leaving behind a startling pallor and delicacy that frightened Mrs. Robson, who thought that her charge had developed a new phase of her mania. 'Them still and cunning ones is always the most dangerous, so I've heard,' she confides to the tabby cat that is her only companion in the kitchen. 'I do wish she would ha' give up that sharp little knife she carries in her bosom. And I do wish Mr. Noble would come and see her. I can't think what keeps him away this long. He said he should come soon. Lucky he laid in a good store of provisions, or we might starve to death in this lonely wilderness afore he comes.' She busies herself in preparing little dainties to tempt the appetite of her charge, but Lady Vera scarcely tastes the delicate morsels. ' Be you a-grievin' for your husband, my poor dear ?' Mrs. Robson asks her kindly one day. 'I have no husband,' Lady Vera answers, disdainfully, with a smoulder ing fire in her great, dark eyes. She accuses herself of no falsehoods in uttering those words, for she never means to acknowledge Leslie Noble's claim upon her, and she has mentally decided that if she over goes free again she will appeal to the strong arm of the law to sever the hated bonds that hold her. After that one flash of wrath she subsides into mournful apathy again. Two weekls more roll by into the irrevocable past. Lady Vera droops more and more, like some gently fadingrose. Betsy Robson, frightened and alarmed, sees that her hold on life is slowly loosening day by day. • The flowers she brings her from the tangled, neglected garden fall lightly from her grasp, as if her hands .were too weak to hold them. She lies all day on her couch now, too weak or too weary to rise, and the snowy pillow day by day is drenched with her languid, hopeless tears. (To be Cont,iaed.) 