GOB&ESFONDENCfi.; PAS TO E WHITE'S LECTURES. Sib,— Myiecturea have lad to much morej ?correapon^Bilce inyotfr-pkper than :1 had tntittpalted^ ' . touf patience and liberality are*tredit'to tbe Colony, and I now aski for spta&'to *eply to some ? questions tbat 1 hsvebeAd ado* of me tbroagd yournume-; roufl correepondente. Tbe remarks ofeome 1 correspondents have been amusing— euch , as tbe comparing me to obnoxious sung- . ?inir inflects.* 'His 'would-be reverence,'. &od;, lastly, tbe little attempt to annoy me. by withholding the prefix of ' Pastor' to . my name. ; All tbeee re in arks are like ' throwing duat against the wind, and ore, blown back into the «yes of tbe assailant; ?nobody but he who throws it eeea any the : woree for it. ' Perhaps there is a little of; boasted ' apostolic succession' to be con ceded to me if what is handed down in my | family be true; namely, that 1 am a descen- ' dantof a Father William 'White, a priest of i Borne; who in the 16th century read his Bible with a free unbiassed mind, and End ing there that God said— 44 Let every man bave his own wife,' nought out a godly Womin ahd'married ber, declaring tbat the Pope had no right or authority to super sede ttie WotA bf God. He also ceased to believe that the'bread' after consecrationin thft'Eord'slBuppet -wai changed -in sub stance. Be was cited before tbe tribunal of the Church 6f Borne, and through fear once recounted. But after further examination and prayer be boldly declared his faith in what is . now -termed ' Protestant doctrine, lived tiappily With his godly wife, and testi fied agamst the -unscnptural errore of tbe Cburch of Borne, and diligently taught tbe people of bis charge to trust in Jesus only as tbe all-sufficient Saviour' was again brought before tbe Bishop of' Norwich, in ! England, and firmly holding to bis opinions, was ' condemned to death,' and was burned to death' at the stake, in tbe City of 'Norwich, in1 September, 1424. I, tbe William White, of September, 1869, can TOiVft the same statements for which he had to die, and am beaten with tbe feathery brush -of ridicule, a very light chastisement in comparison with tlie days of our forefathers. Blessed and praised be the liord'-God Almighty for our glorious liberties, 'And let all the people : say, To the question— How do I know the Scriptures to be inspired ? I briefly reply. TbeJhbleis its own witness. Let any man take the promise of . God. To give his Holy Spirit to them that ask him, and plead' it bumbly before God, and that good (Spirit will soon guide' bim into all truth. The Bible is its own witness in what it has already done in the nations that have re ceived it in any part of the world, and it has living witnesses among ourselves, men and women whoselives have been puritied, brightened, and ennobled by tbe power of its truths upon their inward heart. I have visited gaois, aospjt&is;, rejorma torieee, brothels, and never yet met with a criminal wlio traced bis fate and subse quent evil career to the influence of the Bible. But 1 bave seen the drunkard made sober, the thief made honest, the impure become chaste, all confessing the teaching of tbe Bible applied by the Holy Ghost had wrought the bleBsed change. And even those who rail against it, scoff at it, and call it a bad old book, expect those who profess to be guided by it to be the least erring among mortals. To the last complaint of ' Histatement' against historical fact, 1 cannot plead guilty. Tbe Church of Home, of course, asserts tbat all the Bishops of Home were Popes, beginning with feter. But it is common with tbat Church to ask faith in assertion without evidence. And I main tain that there is no evidence that a Bishop of Borne at the first claimed any superi ority at all over other Bishops and their dioceses. The first Pope's history, if true, must be found in the New Testament for that book coutains*the. only 'autheu-; tic history of St. Peter. We find him there set apart as the Apostle of the Cir cumcision— that is to say, the mission ary to bis own countrymen. The epistles which be wrote were accordingly ad dressed to tbe dispersed Jews, and he wrote from Babylon — not from Borne — and there is not a line in tbe New Tedta ment to lead us to believe be ever set foot in tbat city. lie does not indite his epistles as if be believed be was. more than an ??Elder' among other ' Elders.' lie styles himself ' A servant,' 'An Apostle, 'but not 'Prince, of tbe Apostles' lie mentions not the worship of, the Virgin transubstantiation or any of the peculiar doctrines held by tbe modern Cburch '.of Rome. St. Taul writes a 10% pastoral 'to the Ramans, and makes no meniiou of Peter ae having any thing to do with that people. He declares himself ' not a whit behind the chidfesi Apostles . rebukes Peter with standing bim to the face, as he said — ' He was to . be blamtd.' Gall., 2, 11. There is every evidence in . the early Fathers of tbe Church to prove that no universal supremacy wob acknowledged by the Churches to the See ot Borne. St. Augustine denied encb authority to llome over the African Churches, he being Bishop of Hippo, in Africa. It is clear tnat gradually step by step the Bishops of Borne brought the otber Churches under ber spiritual tyranny, just as Pagan Borne bad subdued tbe nations of the earth to bow beneath her iron eceptre. to another sarcastic correspondent, re □ambers present at a certain lecture, 1 would commend the reading of St. John's Gospel, chapter iv., where be will find a grand open-air sermon, preached by Jesus Christ to only one poor, sinful woman. But we know that .through the printing press that sermon has been spread over the world, and been blessed to millions of souls. ' Who hath despised the day of small things V In conclusion, 1 beg to say that 1 have no animosity at oU in my heart towards any member 'of the Church of Rome. Wbat 1 speak, 1 believe, and, like St. Paul; 1 can exclaim, ' Judge ye what I say.' May Qod bleas all people, and lead all to love and fear Him, and cease to pay that reverence to man which belong to God only. Begging pardon for the length of this letter, and promising that it will be my lost on this subject, I thank you, Mr Editor.— Yours, etc., Wm. Whits. Sra,— 'Myles Dutton' tells us that the ? Catholic Cburch' (ie., the Cburch of which .he Pope is the bead, he means) is the true Jhurch of Christ. Now, the mark of a \- i-.iiipl J i) tlji'i be doe? -whatever Christ commands; If tbat be true of a dis Uiple, it should hold; trueof a cburch with ?equal force. When Christ «ent forth Bis -disciples ile *aift: ' And -as ye go, preach,' raying the kingdom of 'heaven is avhand ; heal 'tie sick, cleanse tbe lepers, raise the dead, cast :out devils; froely ye have re ceived;' freely give.' Does the Cburch of 'Bome give 'freely? It tells its -adherents that there is a plaoo called Purgatory, where the souls of its good -people suffer awful agony, it may bo for ages. Upon what terms does the kind .Mother Cburch liberate them ? Is it free, ' without money and without price ?' or must it be paid ?for P Were Peter and Paul ever in Purga tory? If so, bow long, and how did they get out P When Mr Dutton answers these 1 might ask him a few more, for you know, : Mr Editor* Tbuth CANNOT Huht. Sib,— The above lectures have led to a little interesting controversy, and so long -as the writers keep their temper, good mutt result. I bave always understood that the religion instituted by Jesus Christ, and handed ' down to bis apostles and their successors, is the right one, and 1 ' think nearly every Christian is of the same opinion; and further, I venture to say- every Christian will be willing to admit tbat Mr M. Dutton is right when he says Our Lord instituted a religion, not a hundred or more; Now Pastor White has traced the Catholic religion back to within -400 years of tbe time of the' apostles, per haps some person say wfaat became of the successors ofthe apostles during that 400 years. Or con any person trace any other religion back to the time of tbe apostles (of course I mean Christian re ligion) ? That is the point 1 would like to , see made clear. — Tour®, fltc^ ^ Sro,— In the interest of truth, and es pecially ot Mr Dutton, can you indulge me with a few lines more-_ In reply to my query how be ' knew priests alone possess the lloly Spirit,' he quotes a number a number of passages as a sort of blindfold, passages dear to every Protestant, but which have not the slightest weight in proof of his assumption. In opposition to the teaching of Bome, Christ Eays ' Whosoever will,' let him come.' - Mr Dntton quotes, ' He tbat despiseth you dasplsetb Me,' but our feelings are more inclined to pity than to despise, believing that if Mr D. came to see tbe truth as it is in Christ Jesus (not in the Cburch of. Bome, which are two different things) be would be found an earnest Christian. He very conveniently passes over tbe un scnptural assertion that there is no salva tion outside the Church of Bome. If Christ says, ' Some of every nation and kindred and tongue shall be saved,' and ' Home's 'official teaching' says to the contrary, can any one believe tbat this conflict is the the result of the Holy Spirit? Nay, is there any surer proof ot its absence, and might 1 not ask how he knows they pos sess that' spirit at all ? or that they (the clergy) are the sent of God ? Rome has sent them, of course, but did Christ send them ? 'My sheep know my voice' says Christ. If ye bave not the spirit of Christ, ye are none of His. What resemblance bas the Church of Bome in Spain and Portugal, where Protestants are deprived of their liberty for refusing to bow to some Church dignitary, to the spirit of Christ, where there is liberty. Judge we not a tree by its fruit P The present and past are vividly before us. Some of us bail from the caves and glens of Scotland, some adjacent bo tbe fires of Smitbtield. These suf fered tbe rack, tbope the thumbscrew ; these bail from the valleys of Piedmont, those escaped the Spanish Inquisition; these remember St. Bartholomew, and those withstood tbe persecutions of Rome in tbe Waldensian fastnesses. Does 'M.D.' conclude these instruments of torture are connected with the true Church ? or have tbey not a slight resemblance to the 'mystery of iniquities?' Have tbey not adopted the same spirit of persecution towards those who left tbeirChurch ? How often hasFatherChiniquvescaped the bullet and several times been brutally assaulted nigh unto death ? ' M.D ,' do you call such perversion of Scripture and intolerance toward your fellow- creature Christianity ? Nay, rather. Oh Myles Dutton, there is death in the pot. — Yours, etc., OnSKBYB^. SrB,—I had not intended to trouble you again, but will you kindly inform 'T.C.II.' through your columns that tbe Blessed Virgin is in heaven. Ho ask?, ' Where is she?' Beally one would only expect a child to ask such a simple question. Un less I had read his letter I would not believe that auyone could be so pitiably ignorant. Query 2— Tbe New Testament, St. John, verse 4, says tbat our Lord, at the request of His Blessed Mother, changed water into wine. Is it likely He will refuse her petitions now P Is she less powerful now in heaven than when ehe was on earth. If ' T.C.H.' is really to know the truth, for further information I refer him to those whose province it is to teacb. Ab for Mr Wbite and others of bis stamp they are fighting phantoms of their own disorganised imaginations, Thanking you for inserting this.— Vours, etc., Myles Dutton. 