THE PROCEEDINGS OF THE CONGRESS. Tho members of the Church Congress, comprising, we suppose, many of tho ablest and most representative men of the Church of England in these colonies, have now spent a week in wrestling with tho spiritual and mental problems tho Church has to faco in these days and in . applying what tho Primate called "the power of tho idea" to somo of tho needs of human life. It would be interesting to know how far tho Con gress as a whole is satisfied with its own achievements. As to what the outside community thinks there need bo littlo reticence observed. The general impres sion, wo think, is ono of disappointment. As an exhibition of tho light and leader ship ill matters of intellectual and spiritual life which tho Church lias to offer to tho world it can scarcely bo viewed as satisfactory. There soetned above everything to be a doplornble want of ilisight into tho real conditions of the day. Most of the broad main issues which occupy tho contemporary, thought of the world seem to have been ignored. Those which worn attempted might have been better let alono, judg ing from the degree of guidance which tbo Church Congress was nbio to supply. In the general mental poverty of the discussions, thni wan/ of life nn'd thought and energy an. courage,) wo readily see the explanation \of the extent to which tho Church lins lost ground in tho general esti mate and has lost influence over the thought and movement of tho world. We do not desire to press hardly on the Church. It would he unfair to judge the Congress merely by the utterances of its most backward, timid, unprogres- sivo members, even though those seemed to bo largely in the nscendancy. We trv to take it as a whole, and can find little in it snvo an impotont attempt to see the world through narrow church windows filled in with antique Gothic tracery and medinsvul legends depicted in colored, glass. The result is a failure, and a repetition of the lesson that if we had to rely on tho Church for intellectual initiative, " power of idoa " and guidance aud stimulus on tho way of progress, in stead of the Church relying on the world, matters would bo considerably worse for us than they aro now. Tho work of tho Congress opened un propitiously. The " working-men's meet ing " was so far deficient that those who attended were not of tho class we under stand by "working-mon." This may bo said to be rather tho misfortune than tho fault of tho promoters, but apart from this the whole design of the thing wns a mistake. What was wanted was not for clergymen and clerically- minded laymeu to deliver harangues to tho working- men. What, was really wanted was explanations from working-men how it is that they as a class stand utterly aloof from the Church and ignoro its teachings and ministra tions. It is useless lecturing an absent class on tho beauty of religion and of the Church. It would be mueli more to the point to learn from them why it is that they as a class so strictly Iceep away. Then, could any greater illustra tion of tho hopeless futility of the attitude of tho Congress to present- day. thought be afforded than by tbo long, elaborate paper read by Canon Kemmis on the Church of Eng land in relation to other Churches. Tho Rev. Canon, as wo dimly gather from the reports, thought that the only way in which his Church could unite with, other kindred Protestant Churches was by these coming in and making submission. But he was mora hopeful about tbo cbaneo of union with the Greek Church, now thnt the diffi culty nbout the " Fiiioquo clause " arid the "Double Procession of the Holy Spirit " had been got over at a " friendly discussion " held a few years ago in England I But tho rev. gentle man does not seem to have asked him self how it is that theso difficulties which onco tore Christendom asunder are so easily got over now. There are many matters about which we can lairly say that wo know more than we did a thousand years ago. But this can hardly be said of tho " Doublo Procession of the Holy Ghost." No modern researches have cast any new light on this subject. If, then, wo find men now easily agreeing upon a subject which divided past ages into bitterly Hostile camps and on which no more can bo known now than then, this agree ment can only come becauso men have grown indifferent to the matter in dis pute. Men may in future dispute and perhaps quarrel about many things, but Jthey never will about tho ' Doublo Procession." A little in telligent thought would linvc shown Canon Kemmis that in this way to take indifference for agreement 13 to trv to build a temple of living unity out of the dead bones of the past. Tho Rev. C. J. Godby illustrated his capacity to help in the solution of the doubts of a perplexed age by making the confident assertion that " all these questions being brought be fore them were merely old thoughts aud ideas in a modern dress." But if this is so, how is it that those "old thoughts and ideas" aro still living after being so many times triumphantly killed by tliS Godbys of the past ? But the real answer to this rev. gentle man is that he has not yet learned tho alphabet of his subject, or lie would know that whatever is to lie said of the intellectual and spiritual difficulties of the time, they aro not to be got rid of in this way. Theology is now fnco to face with a scicnco not made up of speculation but based on realised and tested results, aud with a new method of criticism that has transformed our estimates of historic evidence. It is nonsenso to tell us thnt these are old forces in a now form. What men see is that which science has done and is doing in trans forming tho material conditions of human life. They compare this with the unprogressivoness and sterility of theology and draw their own conclu sions. The Rev. A. W. Cresswell is quite too late in trying to persuade us that geology, properly interpreted, helps to verify tho Genesis narrative of the Noacliinn deluge, when tho waters rose 15 cubits over tho high hills and the mountains. What Mr. Ckesswell can not convince anyoue now is that there is any interest in tho question. Unless belief in the Noachian deluge is necessary to snlvation, where is tho interest of the disputo ? And if Mr. Chesswell main tains tlmt it is so necessary — well, Mr. Cresswell must accept tho conse quences of such a declaration. We need not stop to consider the frivolous discussions on the celibacy and even the dress of the clergy, nnd the inferior chance of clergymen here mak ing good marriages, in a social respect, compared with That they have in Eng land. These trivialities help to confirm tho general judgment but they do not originate it. The goneral impression is given by the failure of tbo Congress to deal with tho matters in wbicli tho world is interested. It is difficult to form from this any other than a very disappoint ing ostimnto of tho canacitv of the Church of England as represented in its Congress. Tho Congress deemed quite unable to discriminate between tbo doad and tho living issues with which it has to deal. An agrenmont on tno " Doublo Procession " is of little help to us in meeting tho renl questions of tho times. Tho deep problems of life which the times present to us are discussed with more or less ability in innny ways. They aro handled in serious literature, in novels, in tho press, and genornlly willi that " cheerful boldness" which marks the temper of tho ago. Why should they bo faced with such weakness, such timidity ns thoy are by tho Cliurch ? The nnswor seems to bo. because tho Church thinks itself to ho committed to nn uunltorablo pre-judgment from which it cannot possibly recede. How ever. when all is Baid there is good effected by tho Congress assem bling for discussion at all. The issue might havo bean moro satisfactory but there may bo results produced which wo cannot yet estiraafo. These debates and these timid glimpses of groat issues may servo to educate the Church to somo comprehension of the ferment in pro gress in tho world around it, aud may help in this way to bring it at any'rato into parallelism with tho intellectual life of mankind at the present day. 