THE CONTRIBUTOR. CAMPAIGNING MEMORIES. Bv David Christie SIuriut. Enough happens every day in the life of the least observant and a tl venturous to occupy a week in recital, and in a year's campaigning, where life moves at its ranido3fc possible rate, and whero onough excitement tor a month is crowded into a minute, there lies more matter of interest than any man could put on paper if he lived to bo a hundred. The only difficulty U;in tho question of selection. I have not acen a shot fired in anger for tho last 13 years, but there ia scarcely an incident of the Russo-Turkish campaign which is not as clearly present to my mind today 03 it was within an hour of its occurrence. It happens; too, that within this last month or so,Ihave been refreshing memory rather copiously' by talking over the incidents of tho campaign with two men, who from their rc.spectivo sides saw most of it— Dr. Charles Ryan, of Mclbourno, and Mr. ICinnaird Rose, tho editor of tlio Brisbane Oourier, When I was in Brisbane tho other day I re minded the latter of a very curious expe rience which came to me through him. Ho was representing tho .Srcotamni on the Russian side,- whilst on the Turkish side I was working both for the .STcotatafi and the London Times . Rose was woundod iu tho ankle by a rifio bullot, and the news got down country that tho correspondent of the Scofman hod been hit It travolled from mouth to mouth, and was exaggerated as it went, until in Constantinople it was related that tho S'coh man's representative had been killed. Then tlio statement grow into detail, and it appeared that the unfortunate too- adventurous youth had been shot in the act of surveying the enemy's nosition from a Turkish earthwork, and had fallen baric stono dead with his field glasses in his hand. When' things had reached this pass it was found necessary to pro vide a name for the defunct, and sinco I was the only correspondent of the Scotsman on that side — thero was another, I boliove, in Asia Minor with tho Turks — it was not unuatural that my namo was choson. So tho news was flashed home by wire that poor Christie Murray had como to a fluish, and had fallen a victim to bis own temerity. An imaginative artist drew a picturo of tho fatal scene, and sent it home, whero it was eugraved and printed. I read my own obituary notico iu tho papors, and learned that it was a pity that so promising a young mau should bo cut olf in the flower of his youth. One of these days thero will be obituary notices which I shall nob rend, and I cannot Laugh at the episode now as I did At tho time, but it was a curious tiling to happen, and not one that falls to every man's experience. I remember very well when I got homo after that torriblo campaign that I had a conversa tion, vory interesting to myself, with Archibald Forbes. I cannot tell this story without offer ing a confession. I never kuew from start to finish, aud I do not know now, whether in moments of danger I felt like a brave man ot a coward. I know that I never ran away, or dis graced myself, but I know that I Always felt as if I should havo likcU to run away. I know that to bo under fire was always a most comfort less and nervous experience, and I never felt a touch of that thrill of battle and that glorious senso of risk and excitement, about which it ia so easy to write nnd talk. Lots of men talked of it in iny hearing. I havo heard from their own lips that they rejoiced in danger and had known nothing so glorious, as theoxcitement of being shullcd at. Now all this made me feel particularly small, and I listened to it with a sense of growing self depreciation. It was a tiling I scarcely liked to talk about, lest by my confession I should bring disgraco upon myself. But at last one evening, fresh from a renewal of this kind of talk, I met Archibald Forbes in tho Strand, and resolved to take tlio bull by the horns. Forbes, as all tho world knows, has gone through nearly, if not quite, a scoro of wars, big aud little. He saw the awful strug- glo between Franco and Gormany, and distin guished himself there by an undnuntcd courage and an extraordinary resource. An iron man of indomitable mood, and hoyond that, my. friend, and one I folt I could confido in. I made no secret of my own fcclinga in the hour of battle, but I reported to him tho glowing speeches of the heroes I had so nowly bidden good night to. 11 You go back to 'em, young un,"said Forbes, tapping me on tho chest with an extended foro- finger, " Yon go back to 'em and tell 'cm with my compliments— Archibald Forbes's compli ments, that they're lian— liars !" I am free to confer that that dictum soothed me, and that after it I began to hold my head up once again and to think that perhaps after all a good many people might havo experienced those omotions of discomfort and distress which I had thought personal to xnyolf, and uiay yet havo done their duty. I havo to admit that I saw somo dare-devil valor which matlo that theory of tho enjoyment of danger sound credible cuough Here, for in stance, ii a fact which I should havo some hesitation in relating on my own responsibility solely, but thero aro a scoro of trustworthy men alive who will bear mo out in it. Poor Camp- boU— "Shlpka" Campbell no ws callod him, and as tho world remembers him now— -was one of tho lieroc3 of tho foolish desperato escapade. Ho fell on Seooeooni's Height, leading tlio black contingent there, under Sir Garnet 31 olsoley Eome years later, and no more gallant, whole hearted, generous gentleman was ever struck down in battle. Francis Francis, his companion on many a field of peril, dedicated to Campbell's memory his book, War and Wanderings, and spoke of him a3 " a man who loved danger and know not fear." Captain Tiburcc Morrissot, of the Troi- siemcs Chasseurs, was Campbell's companion in tho hair-brained scrape. The two wore at Rust- clink together, and tho Russians from the oppo site side of the Danube wero shelling the fortifi cations. TJicro was nothing for either the Englishman or Frenchman to do, and the place was utterly without means of distraction or amusement. So one day — "It is particularly dull here,' says the small Gaul to his companion, lot us find something to do. Let us go and sit up on the fortification and he shelled at." Now I don't supposo for a moment that the little bantam of a man — I have his daring handsome faco before me at this instant — meant this pro position to be. taken seriously, or that it was anything more than a dreary joke,- born but of the unutterable. ennui in which he lived; but Campbell, no doubt with jocular intention also, offered a languid assent. The Gallic bantam, whatever ho may have thought about it, took the thing au grand wienie, lit up his cigaretto and led tlio way. Campbell followed, and it is an actual fact that the pair of them sat down under firo on the face of -the fortification at a little distance from each other until a Russian shell burst between them. Then one or tlio other suggested that he had had enough, and his companion agreeing with him they left tlio field and wont back into the town unscathed. The story leaked out somehow, aud I think that eacli was a little ashamed of himself. It was a silly schoolboy piece of daring, but it showed a scorn for danger of which both men made a far hotter use later on. I have never been able to look on Russia as being anything but an essentially barbarous power, and tnost people who know Turkey will place her, whether a little higher or a little lower docs not greatly matter, in the same category. In the war between thorn, for the first time in the history of tho world, two uncivilised forces met in a deadly struggle with all the appliances of civilisation in the hands of cither. They had railways at command, and the electric wire, and the latest pattern of siege shell, and the latest inventions of destructive science generally. The Circassians, I remember, were armed with the Remington repeating rifie. I never believed or saw any reason to believe in the storjes that were sometimes told about the villainous con- duct of the regulars on the one side or the other, but 0:1 tho Russian side, the Cossacks, and on tlio Turkish, the Tchir- kasses, tlio Dashi-Hasliouks and Zeibecks, the Smyrinotes and Tiipolites, literally played tlio devil. Especially on tho Ottoman side horrors were enacted which are beyond, the power of tongue to tell or pen to write. There is no good purpose to servo now in renewing the memory of those hideous details, unless it wero in tho hope of teaching men to hate war, as I learned to hate it in tho course of that horrible year. An Armenian gentleman with whom I travelled by train one day put the thing iu a nutshell. " Cc n'cslpas tine guerre ; e'est I'cxicnnination d' tine race I" Night after niglit on tho bordors of that fair rose-country which lies nestled round Kesamllyk, under the stern splendors of the Balkan Hills, the horizon was red with the fires of burning villages and townships. I saw with these eyes 1200 muti lated dead, men, women and children, lying in a vineyord hard by Kesamllyk, every 0110 foully murdered and shamelessly maltreated after death. I wont through towns whioh had hold prosperous and industrious peoples, where not n roof remained, and streets and gardens anil smouldering ruins wero loft to the solo guardianship of tho dismembered dead. So much one dsro say, but of the horror piled on horror, of the bestial lust of eruolty, tho in genious devilry ot wickedness which came out in details beyond number, which shoeked tho senso and harrowed tho heart, until at last an absolute indifferenoo took tho ptaco of outraged shamo and weary pity — of theso things I dare not nnd I will not speak. Mauy nnd many a timo I havo wondered sinco that any creature horn of woman should find it in his heart to unloose war's ban-dogs. Tho peace party used to bo snoercd at as men who wished for peaco at any price. The taunt was not deserved, and it is not improbab'o that John Bright liimsolf might havo shown a new edition of the fighting Quaker in a righteous cause, but it is hard to find anything whioh justifies a resort to so fearful an implement as war. Tho folks who stay at homo know nothing of it. Tho troops march out with swords and bayonets flashing in tho light, with banners flying and bugles blaring, and tho crowd huzzas. Or tho victorious force comes homo crowned with glory, and a whole populace goes wild with tho noise of its own applause. In tho tirao that goes between we read of daring nets of courage, and worm our blood with the thought that our countrymen are displaying all tho qualities which have given tho raco the crown of Empiro half tlio wide world over. But who reads between tho lines, and knows tho squalid do- graded bestial thing war is ? Only the man whoso own eyea havo behciil it. I havo had hundreds of inquiries, both at homo and here, as to tho truth of The Story of Mr, King. Tho hero of tho talo died in Phila delphia a year or two aftor tho olose of tlio cam paign. His liamo was Whealo, and though ho was no moro n dootor than I am, ho was on the medical stall at Orkhanin, where ho was engaged as a dresser in tho hospital. Nobody had any great respect for him, or thought him likely to distinguish. himself for eourago nnd devotion, but sitting ono afternoon in a hut where ho had cbargo of two wounded women, one of whom had just succumbed to her injuries, ho found his chance for distinction unexpectedly presontcd to him, nnd took it like tho plucky little Yankee that ho was. A Circassian broko in nt the door with a drawn sword in his hand, nnd made fa the rudo bed on which little IVhealo's cliargo was laid. Tho blackguard spoko a word or two of English, and thoro was a brief parley between him and the Amorican, which ended, when the savage's murderous meaning was made evident, by IVhcalc's snatch ing up a distait that lay handy nnd knocking him summarily on tho head with it. Tho Turkish regulars had bolted, tho Russian army was marching on the town, but had not yet reached it, and tho Circassian was playing his own unfailing intermediary game of loot and rape and murder. When the Yankee soi-d leant medico got outside the hut ho found two or throe hundred of them, and though he was perfectly well aware that they were -just as willing as they were ablb to settle his affairs finally, he opened out upon tlicm with such a tirade of wrathful abuse that they recoiled before him, and the leader of the gang, after a word or two in his own language, with drew liis associated rascals and left little Wlicale master of tho field. ..When lie was questioned afterwards as to how . he had per formed this surprising feat, lie. said with some naire'fe that he had laid himself out to curse and swear, and he rather "kalkalatod that lie made thorn savages think that hell was open. I guess," lie added, " that tiioy took mo for some kind of White-man's l'asha— supposed I was an English duke I fancy." He' was a per son wc had hitherto reckoned of no account at all, but when he joined the main body at night, bringing his wounded charge in safety with him, his reception made him very shy. It is likely onough that that sensation was strnngo to him, but he told us with unnecessary vehemence of phrase that ho knew I10 had be haved absurdly, but under' similar circum stances would do again precisely what he had done. One of the most noteworthy tilings whioh came beforo mo was tho stoicism, or at least the outer imperturbability with which meu went to execution in those (Lays. In Tatar-Baznrdjik aud in Sofia for a considerable space of days the average number of men hanged before break- fast was 17. I forget now how long that dismal Saturnalia lasted, bat I suppose thero could hardly havo been fewer than 300 execu tions. Tho military commandant had rare , pickings in those times. If a Bulgarian had anything worth confiscating, it was the easiest thing in tho world to denounce him as a traitor to tho Ottoman rule, to string him up and to impound his belongings. Xhcte was nobody to oiler an objection unless it wore n handful of weeping women and children, and they wore always easily to he chased at the expenditure of the merest triflo in the way of wearing out whipcord and a mouthful of Turkish objurgations. I was travelling on a burning summer day, when I saw seated in a row, at sonic little distance from tho railway station at which tho train had halted, about 25 or 30 Bulgarian peasants. They were tied together clbow.to elbow, and wore eating their midday meal with a remarkable awkwardness of move ment When n man raised his right hand to his mouth his neighbor's left had to go with it, and it was this singularity of movement which first drew my attention to the party. The train stopped for some considerable timo to tako in wood and water, and whilst my travelling com panion and I watched the line of stolid feeders a little knot of Turkish police wero at work strapping together three slim poles, which they finally elevated into a tripod. Then having hung upon tho poles to test their stability, an officer in charge gave a word or two in a tono of indifferent custom, one of the end men was cut frco from tho line, a written placard was fastened on his breast, and a rope being pro duced, tho man was hanged upon tho tripod with no more ado than if he had been a dog. He had keen eating the moment before, and his companions, with now and then a sidelong glance aeross tho shoulder to whero ho kicked and swung, wont on eating still. AVhcn tho engine was onco more ready to take us on tho man was quito dead and still, and the lino of prisoners and their escort wore raising a cloud of dust as they plodded northward along tho sun-smitten hill side highway. I saw the band again moro than once, anil on each occasion its num bers wero diminished. The wrotched Chris tians wero being marched from village to village, and executed hap-hazard hero and thero ostensibly ns a warning against sympathy with tlio Muscovite invader. I met tho last of the gang at Gucmlik, and ho was sitting by tho side of a firo with bis guards, and was chatting with them iu what seemed a per fectly friendly intercourse. I learned after wards that tho liaxdess wretch had beon brought back after hundreds of miles of travel to his nativo village, and that having been freed of his bonds he had supposed liimsolf about to bo sot at liberty. Somebody suddenly touched him on the shoulder said "Gel, Ivan," which, being interpreted, signifies "Come John," nnd John rose obediently and was led towards his own cottage, smiling and chattering all tho way. I followed to see what would happen. A soldier pausing at tho door began to work away with tho point of his bayonet in tho mud of the wall abovo the door jamb. Then a rope with a nooso at tho end of it camo from somewhore, and tho man who had given tho order somo minutes before repeated it, " Gel, Ivan." Tbo smile tho man's face had worn was frozen into a contortion of tho ghastliest terror. Ho clasped his hands togother piteously and burst into tears and waitings. Of alt tho many whom I saw die that dog's death in Roumelin and Bulgaria ho was the only man who did not meot it with a seeming stolid indifference. But ho was taken unawares, and had beon allowod to think that all. his troubles wero over and that ho was a frco man again. He hail boon permitted to helievo that the objeet of tho walk ho took was to reinstato him in his home. Amongst other familiar figures I recall; is that of 0110 Goldstein, a tailor and haberdasher in Adrianople. Goldstein had started in life as a German, but had come to be a very polyglot and citizen of tlio world. Ho had beon through the Crimean war, employed in I forgot what capacity by General Wyudlism, and wis currently known as IVyndham's Goldstein. In roward for his services he was allowed to open a canteeu, and made what was for him quite a handsome little competency out of it. With this he set up in business in Adrianople, and prospered mightily! so thnt when I met him he was a merchant of great consideration. He was a fat round ball of a man, but surpris ingly active for his build and as full of fight as a bulldog. When tho irregulars camo up into tho town they frightened everybody with the soli tary exception of old Goldstein. One day whilst the terror was at its height and when nine out of every ten shops were closed because of tho almost panic, one coffee-colored bandy legged roysterer with n hat three foot high andn leathern bellybaud crammed full of lethal weapons, swaggered into Goldstein's estab lishment anil demanded to know tho price of something. He clutched at tlie article lie wanted, and threw out the mono syllable "Katch," which means "How much 7" - Goldstein, who himself stood at the rcccint of custom that morning, told him the price. Tho savage offered a quarter of the sum, hut Gold stein iterated liis original demand. Then tho Zoibockoifercdlialfwiththosamcresult. Finally he drew liis sword and flourished it over tho counter at the peaceful tradesman, threatening to have his blood if the price wero 110s abated. Thereupon the fat mau unexpectedly vaulted the counter; seizing an iron yard measure in the act, and fell upon- tin; savage with so vigorous an onslaught that lie drove him. from the shop, andintliDemlchevviedhimthe whololengtli oftho bazaar. Onlookers at the scene described it to mo as being indescribably comic. The man of war, laden with murderous knives nnd the pistols with which his ancestors bad stormed Genoa, ran for his life and bellowed like a bull calf, the pursy tailor following, yard measure in hand, paiitingly threatening and cursing in.half the. languages ,of the East. I asked the valiant tailor if . the story, were true, and he answered, "Dosvosso," Thero is human nature even in the Zeibcck. I came acroBS one fellow whom, I had vory good reason to believe, was steeped to. tho. very lip3 in murderous outrage, and he was sitting on a door step dissolved in tears. Being questioned as to tlio reason of his distress, he pointed to a women anil a child in the near distance. He said, with no maumisc lionte, that they reminded him of his .own wife and child far .away in his native mountains, and I have no doubt that he liad a very sincere affection for them anil supposed himself . to be doing good service to the Padisha in exterminating bis Christian enemies, The absolute contempt they entertained for tho Giaour, the outside infidel who has no part in the scheme of . Mahomet, must bo seen to- bo believed. My. interpreter and I were riding one day into Fhillipopolis when .we passed a brace of tho ruffians, who scowled at us as they jogged by. "Giaour varma?" says one, "Is that a . Christians" " Var Giaour !" says the other, "It is a Christian!", They, turned in their saddles and spat after me with an execration which I suppose I was nono tho less happy not to understand. They gave 113 excellent fun sometimes, as when on the northern march wc encountered a body of them who had looted some Bulgarian village. One fellow had a sewing machine on his saddle before him, anil exhibited that trophy with grins of joy and pride. I got my inter preter to ask him if lie knew at which end it went off, and at this query he hurled the machine into a wayside pond and rode away as if to break his neck. 3Vc camo across a chum of his an hour or two later the same day. He, it appeared, had been robbing a Greek Church, and for his share of the loot had brought away a gilt candlestick 8 or 9 feet long. He invited me to tasto tho metal to assure myself it was gold, and was unshakable in his belief that it was Bolid. Ho was indeed so wedded to that opinion that I hardly thought it worth while to dispute the point with him. Tliero was a third of tho tribo who afforded for our observation quito a drama of greed and cunning and rage. He had robbed a Spanish Jew of his coat, and had dono it in moro wanton ness, the garment to all seeming being not worth a sixpence. But the Hebrew rofused to be spoiled without a protest, and followed the march for days, scheming to get his coat back; If it had not been for this persistenco tho thief would probably have destroyed or thrown away the garment long before, for it was altogether worthless to him. At last, when he had worn out beseechings and menaces, the owner of the coat offered to pay for it, and day after day he followed, raising his price every hall hour or so, until tho thief's suspicions were excited. In the quiet of the night he made strict examination of tlio garment, and found that tho lining was stuffed full of little knick knacks in gold and Bilvcr, nnd the wrotched paper currency of the country. Alto gether I daresay ho found £20 worth thus hid den away, and having carefully extracted it all, ho sold tho coat to its rightful owner at an ex travagant figure. Tho misery and rago of that Jew were beyond all description. He wns a picturesque old fellow, with a great sweeping mass of whito moustache and beard, and a high peaked head of furrowed baldness. I could not follow what ha had to Bay, but ho Baid it with m gusto and intensity worthy of Salvinl. I have no. doubt in my own mind that ho was quite equal to the occasion, and that tho sentiments ho uttered wero in full accordance with tha exigencies of tho hour. Tho fund of story to bo found in the experi ence of .war, whether tragio or laughable, Is prac tically inexhaustible. If it were worth anybody's reading I could fill volumes out of the reminis cences of that ono yoar. ' But I have no room for volumes hero, and can only for an hoar or. two' dip my hand into the lucky bag ot memory and bring out tho thing first grasped, I made acquaintance in Constantinople with m gay, handsome nnd light hearted young giant who had been in tho fourth Khuig's Dragoons; and had fought through tho Franco-German war. Wo stayed together in the Byzauco Hotel in thd Grando Rue du Pero. He was moro than half an Englishman, but had been bred in Hamburg, andall Ilia sympathies and procllvitlesweroGcrmau. was a bright, harum-scarum fellow, and had gono out to join tho Poliah Legion and to fight for tho Turk against Russia. Wo got to bogooij friends, and one day I gave a little dinner party at which be was one of the invited. I bad asked for the same evening a French officer of cavalrr, and when the two encountered it was impossible not to notice the strange loots they | cast upon each other. Ordinarily each of them was bright and quick in conversation, and bab bling over with high spirit?. Now tbey sat glam and silent, and as the dinner went on something of a chill fell on us alL In the course of half an hour the truth came out. The young German officer had seen his ' only brother cut down at his ride in a cavalry charge, and had crossed swords with the man that had killed him. These two guests of mine had last met on the field of Gravelotte, and now sat together at my table. A question or two, an answer or two, resolved the whole business, and they both got up and went away. There was no ill blood between them, but it was not easily possible io sit at the same table with a n.an who had slain an only brother, or with the man whose brother you bad slain. The dinner party, which might have been a very joyful affair indeed, languished sadly, and we had little to talk of or think of but this tragic and strange encounter. Now that I come to look back upon what I have written, it looks rather like Ilamlet with out the ghost. The raison d'ltrc of the whole thing is left out of it. The campaigning memories hardly touch the campaign at all. Suppose we have one peep at war before we part company. It was in the rainy season, and we were marching upon Plevna. All the officers, of every grade and every arm, in a force of 20,000 men, were gathered together in the chill of the morning upon a misty hill top. Below the hill to the left and to the rear lay the curving, muddy road by which our march had led us, and a mile away to the front we saw the little village of Avlanitza, with the morning mist pretty thickly about it and above it. A straight unwavering column of smoke rose out of the mist, just at the crossing of the river, and we conjectured rightly that the Russians had fired the bridge. "Whether the enemy still larked in the village it was impossible to determine without a recon naissance, and a mere handful of Cossacks, per haps a score, were sent out to feel the way. We watched them from Avlanitza hill top as they rode, now blurred by low lying cloud and driving rain, now lost to sight altogether, and now with the burnished Bteel of their accou trements glistening in answer to some scattering watery gleam from the morning sun, which struggled fitfully against the damp discomfort of the morning. At last the men disappeared in the river fog which wrapped the village, and the strained expect ancy was broken by a dull sound of firing a mile away, which sounded as though it were filtered through blankets to the ear. A minute later and our fellows came flying back again, flying for dear life, stretched at full length upon their horses, Circassian and Turkish-Cossack fashion, and firing backward as they rode. Here and there a horse ranriderless, and here and there a man unhorsed ran his hardest through the heavy mud, or turned to fire. Behind the flying handful came thrice its number of Rus sian Cossacks, yelling like fiends, and plying whip and spur. At the foot of the hill our cavalry lay hidden behind the rising ground, and when flying friend and following foe were within 100 yards, a detachment of 100 or thereabouts Eefc out full tilt to meet thera. The pursuers turned, but their onslaught had been so impetuous and unguarded that the forces were almost mixed, and the clash of steel on steel was heard above the flying thunder of the hoof beats, and the thick crackle of carbine fire from cither ride. Then there were more horses running loose, and every here and there horses dead upon the road, and from our coign of perfect safety we could see the men crawling from the roadway to the sodden fields. The hurrying mass of noise and smoke and fire swept onward towards the vil- lags, and once again pursuit was turned to flight. A Russian cavalry force, fully four squadrons strong, burst from the village and swept the Turks before them in a flight more wild than that of their predecessors ; and again, as thoy ncared the hill, the Turlcs hurled a heavier force than their own against them, and again the pursuers turned with a whole de moniac engine of fire and death behind, and a thunder of hoofs that seemed to shake the solid liilL They swept on at racing pace towards Avlanitza, and the flying clatter the hoof beats tnadc upon the cobbled pathway of the village was noisily audible, even through that thick air, at a distance of a mile. It was no more than a cavalry skirmish, and the losses on either Bide counted barely a score. It was recorded as the merest affair of outposts, but I never saw a pitched battle into which so much excitement was crowdtd. Poor Bond Moore, who led the Ambulance Corps, and who, like so many of the good fellows who shared the fun and danger and privation of that time, has long since joined the great majority, slapped xnc on the bade with an excited cry, and shouted that it beat fox hunting. From the merely spectacular point of view, it was to my mind the moat brilliant episode of tho whole campaign. pur men came back victorious, reporting the enemy m full flight, and when the rising sun had, gathered force enough to dispel tho fog we saw the white tents of the Russians on a distant; hill,- melting as it wero like snow. A sulky cannon ehot , or two.soid. their good-byes and. wo marched on to the relief of Plevna with- out striking another blow. 