Bhort Men. THE short man has suffered much at the hands of writers of fiction. Heisnerer allotted the part of the hero, though there is no valid reason why he should not be. Search through all the fiction you like, and look up the heroes; they are all tall, every one of them, no matter whether they be black, blue, grey, or tawny. This is what you read :-' His tall presence overshadowed and protected her as the pine of the Apennines does thire strayed and bewildered lamb;' or, 'His form, far above the middle height, appeared betore her in the moonlight, and she knew that, whatever else happened, she was his for ever and ever.' It is only a very realistic writer who condescends to have a hero of 'average height,' and even he is apt tofor get himself and make his hero grow, long after he is past twenty.one, into a 'towet ingform.' There is a.special brandl humanity kept on tap for heroes, all of them men who would have delighted the heart of Frederick the Great, who is quite welcome to them, for all we care. On the other hand, the writer, when hlie has anuon sympathetic character to portray, nearly always make him short. Look at the rascally attorney; " he is always anadean 'undersized' man, though there is no reason why he shlould be. .And.the w?riter forsooth, never makes his really renpects able villain, the man who does th bold msurdert , the kidneapeing, and tir big forgeries particularly short; only those of his villains are short ts aree mean and contemptible curs. 'hlis it distinctly unfair. It is hardly necessary to add that the same writer, when he wants a butt for the exercise of his wit, or for his other characters to play tricks upon, takes a short man for the puraoase. It i' always a short man who is ass enough to fall in love with the heroine, witiout the ghost of a chiance, and who is cut out, it not kicked out, directly the hero apltp''rs,; his blighted hopers aire rnade to loo0k ridiculous, and after a humorous failure at an attempted suicide, he is relegated hoe consolation to brandy and soda. It in rumoursd that Ontral oulnaoSger'S h' int London will only boof aI temporarychsarawt 