FEET OF CLAY. A DOMESTIC ROMANCE. [Br AMELIA. E. BA&&] Robert Pennington drove to the Governor's house. He had letters with him whioh fiould secure every privilege he desired, and a private interview with "criminal 3.300" was the first request made. An order to this effect was sent to the prison house, and pending its execution the Governor pressed npon the travellers some refreshment. Robert Pennington forced himself to acoept the kindness. He was aware that the body might fail where the soul would face its extremity. He drank a glass of nine and ate some food, and by a look of commandiog entreaty compelled George to do the same. In half an hour they were escorted through those tremendous portals of shame. The chaplain met them with a concerned face. He had a card in his hand inscribed with the number of the man who had once possessed a name. He looked at it and then at his visitors— "Gentlemen, '3.3C0' is very ill. He has been in tbe hospital for six wetk?. By order be has joet been removed into a private room. He will have solitude to die in. That is a great deal herp, I assure you." He opened the door witb the words and softly shut it when they hid entered. Kellish lay upon a narrow bed. His eyes were closed, be was wasted away, he was breathing slowly and with difficulty. But one glance waa sufficient for Robert Pennington. Witb an incredible swiftness end solemnity be reached the dying man, he knelt at his side, be called out with intensity of woful love and anguish:— "Arthur 1 Arthur! My brother! My brother Arthur <" A shrill weas cry—the cry of a man from the very shoal of Time, answered him. Then George knew the whole mystery of love. No one needed to teach him the word he kissed upon lips already kissei by death. " Father ! Father I Father /" At that sry a glory of love illumined the clay-like mask, The soul leaped once more into the eyes. Tho last tears—tears of joy— softened their piercing gaze. At that moment the heart of the eon was drawn deep and close to the father's heart; juet at the heart of tbe mother bird is drawn down iuto the nest full of new life. "J bare attained to the beginning of eternal ptac<>," be whispered. Earth had passed quite away, be bad forgotten its Bhame aud bufferings, everything but its love. After a few moments Robert Pennington left father and eon alone for their last communion. Angels heard its words of contrition and. forgiveness and affection with bowed heads. Death—not un pitying as mortals tbink— waited until tbe solemn tender " adieu" bad beeneaid. The room was full of a great peace—a peace that could be felt. At the last moment he regained a flash of strength. He smiled bravely as he looked farewell into the loving eyes watching him. " I fear no longer," he said cheerfully. " One has taken my hand, I am &afe.;" And so the red-leaved book of this sinning, sorrowing, loviDg human heart waB closed and sealed forever. They took out af his clasped hand a bit of paper on whioh something was written. Uncle and nephew read it together with holy reverence, and then Gcoige put it next his heart. It was eight lines from that glorious hymn of Stephen the Sabaite, written more than seventeen hundred years ago— If I ask Him to receive me, Will He say me nay ? Not till earth, and not till heaven, Pats away! Finding, following, praying, struggling. Is he sure to bless ? Angolp, Martyrs, Prophets, Virgins, Answer- • Yes." One promise had been made to the dead man—that he should not be buried in tbe desolate graveyard attached to the prison. They took him back to Pennington, to the home of his youth. In tbat lonely Camberland village men and women bad old-world attachments, and witb them affectionate reticences. When tbe Squire came home with the coffin and the grave waa opened in the Pennington burial-ground there were many living who knew whose mournful life eras ended. They glanced at each other with intelligent pity, but no one told tbe new generation the tragedy of the Squire's brother. The clergyman who had baptised buried him, and many an old man and woman with silent kindness dropped a sprig of box or rosemary into his grave. It was snowing heavily when they laid him there, and within an hour the new-made bed was covered v.ith a white mantle of stainless purity. A month after this George Pennington was on his way to the Crimea. He hoped in that campaign of aofferiog and dancer to find opportunities for doing something great in atonement for his past life. For to be its own salvation, that is ever the first dream of a soul repentant and aspiring. He went a little from the direct road in order to bid his sister " good-bje." For thongh he generally disagreed with her npon all points, the family tie drew them cloee together in eventful hours. : He found Harriet in her nursery. She had just returned from a morning drive. The feeling of the fresh air was around her, and she bad in a marked degree the appearance of a woman accustomed to the fields and woods, Her bonnet was on her head, her cloak over her arm, her two eldest boys clinging to her dress, her baby stretching out its arms for her embrace. She made a charming picture, and George was sensitive to it. He kissed her with an affection which made her face bright with smiles, and when she saw the traces of his suffering, she olasped his hand in her own, and led him with loving words into her sitting-room. She had wonderful things to tell him about the children, and she did not notice for some time that George was distrait and restless under this infliction. Then it struck her that he might be hungry, and Bhe rung the bell and ordered an earlier lunch, " You know I will not eat in Colonel Satcliffe's house, Harriet. I came only to bid you farewell; I am going to the Crimea.'' "George, bow can yon be so dreadfulkeeping up ill-will about a creature like that Kellish ?" " Ibat 'creature,' as yon call him, is dead. Tell jour husband so. Colonel Sutcliffe has Had his pound of flesh — has had justice. When he gees to church let him remember t— let him pray * Forgive me my tresra-saa, 1 forgive them who trespass against me,' If God is as iuatwith him as Sutcliffe was with the dead he will get what he gave—the outer darkness for the hell of Dartmoor." "Dear me! what does it all mean? You fret yourself into a fever about this man, and while Harry nas worrying over an nnplea- -:ant dream he had of mother and the same dreadful person down from London comeB Lord Penrith,'.' " What V' " Lord Penrith, I assnre you, and what he thecght, or what object he could have, goodcceb only knows 1 But he begged Harry not to prosecute. He Baid he did not believe Kellish was guilty, and when Harry replied, " The man has confessed," he reiterated, " I don't believe he is guilty." Finally he told Harry a very strange thing about the late Lord. I suppose I ought not to mention it." " You can safely tell me." " Hesaidhis father's life had been darkened and shortened by prosecnting a man for a similar act. On his deathbed he made this confession, and he begged his son for his sake to be very merciful to men conquered by a sudden temptation. It seems the} old Lord sent hie dearest friead to prison, and never could undo the step he took in the first hours of his anger. Of course Harry was not to be dictated to in a matter of rightand wrong, but he pleaded for a light punishment, and the man was very mercifully treated, "Very! he is dead—dead from toil and exposure that he was unable to bear. I hope Sutcliffe will remember the victim of his justice when he lies down upon his own deathbed." " You are very cruel to say such a dreadful thing. And what better are you than Harry ? If you think Harry ought to have passed by the fault of this strange man, why should yon not pass by the fault of your sister's husband ?" " You are right, Harriet. I am not Sutcliffe's judge. Well, then, ring for lunch, and I will eat it with you. Many a month may pass before we meet again." " Now yon are like yourself, George, and I have something to tell you—something you will be delighted with. We are going to call baby after you." " My dear Harriet, I would not'adviae you to risk baby's future upon my name. Call bim Robert Pennington—then you call him after a noble man. Besides, you must think for baby's interests, and Robert Pennington has a laige estate to leave as it pleases him," " You are his acknowledged heir," " 1 am going to the war. I may never come back again." " I will not listen to such a supposition. Of course Robert is a beautiful nam', and, indeed, a family name of the Sutcliffes, but— oh! did I tell you that I had a letter from the Island ? Guess from whom ?—and lunch is ready I see. Come. I will send the servant away, and we will have the hour quite to ourselves. Harriet was a notable mistress. Her table was perfection, her servants trained to the utmost efficiency and propriety. And George watched her giving orders and directions with admiratiop. Foi she was a woman well to the ordinary condition of things, fitly fleshed, mentally inclined to take kindly to the law of gravitation. The every-day hum cf humanity filled her ear with content; she beard not—she never tried to hearin all life's varyicg noises, joyful and sorrowful, the mesnicg tbat runs through thorn; ibe n.easured mutic. the central tune. She chatted with a pleasant confidential air, affeciicnatcly corious about ber biother's plsns, effectiouately indifferent about a past which she instantly perceived he was not difpoeed to discuss. When they were half through lunch she again remembered the letter from the Island, end exclaimed a little at Grorge'e apathy concerning it. " Only fancy ! A letter from Bella Clucas, and yon have not a question to aBk .'" " Is it from Bella? I hope it pleased you." " Indeed it did not. I considered it a very ungrateful and ungracious acewer to the one I t-t nt htr. " Then you wrote first? I was wondcritg if Bella did." " 1 wrote because I really thought I oould do Bella—and of course myself alto—a great kindcess. Mrs. Layland, wbo had bean housekeeper here for forty years, died list epriug, and I bad a frightful experience with half a dozen women who tried to take her place. At last I thought of Bella. I offered bcr the entire charge of the house and servants, with a very handsome salary and her own sittiog-room and bedroom— and she refused !" " I should have been much astonished if she had accepted." "She is unmarried yet, evidently still tbink it g of you. In such case I naturally imagined tbat she would be thankful to be where tbere was at least a prospect cf seeing you occasionally." "I declare, H&triet;, your conscience has as many jerks and turnings as a swallow on tbe wing. Now, I suppose it did not strike yen that you might be purchasinR your own comfort at tbe price of buffering or temptation to Bella—pethaps to me also." " I knew that you had recovered yonr senees on tbat subject. Bella is quite able to take care cf herself, but I will get her letter aud read it to you." "' Mrs. Sutcliffe'—that is how it begins. She might have said 'My Lady,' or my 'Honoured Friend,' or something of that kind. Sbe knew very well I was Lady of Sntcliffe Manor. I explained the dignity fully to her when I was engaged to Harry. 'Mrs. Sutcliffe, your letter was very bewildering to me, snd it is mucb if I oan say tbe right words in answer to it. Service?—surely every oce must do service, and with heart and bands I'm doing it; love, though—love apd Lot gold—the for. At first I was asking vihat did you mean, and hardly knoning for all; but Gale vas re&dirg; your letter, and be cut with it plain enough, "It's her servant ehe's waDtnu you to be," and me 6ayiug "ridiculous," but him getting angry for all. Fithtra, cf course, snd not counting ourselves quality, but tety comfortable and able to pay the laet farthing oue, and quite content with God's messure for all. Of course there's a power to do in a bouse like yonder at Sut cliffe ; but there's gold in your band, plenty of fetvice to buy, and so theie you are—and no offence meant, and thanking you kindly for the good i&tent;, and all to tbat; and no hindrance from any only Gale, but father and mother giving me a liet to do my will, and my will alwa^ s to the gocd home 1 have, God bless it!' What do you think of that for Bella Cluoas?" ' I think very highly of it; yon have only yourself to blame if you feel hurt, After making ber your friend, ycu had no right to offer ber wates. Is that all she says ?" 'It is all tbat concerns mo specially, the rest refers to tbe Dinwoodies mainly. Do you care to hear it ?'' A slight movement of tbe bead answered the question and she proceeded. "'lis a quiet life in the Island, but somo changes and you perhaps not hcartug of them. Miss Frances Caine manied to an English lord, and Miss Jeffeott to a lawyer from Ramsey, and tbe Mies Hamiltons to officers, and the officer* going to tho war and trouble enough that way. And Misa Dinweeaie has bad a heart full of sorrow. Oh, dear! Heart full and bands full—but naturally sweet and kind, and God good to euoh. Two years her mother was in tbe bed dyint; —mortals hardly knowing the suffering she bad—and Mibb Kitty by her side, whether cr not, night and day, and after all the last word and kics, and hard to bear is tbem ! But still harder at hand, for the Major was broken-hearted, thongh shedding no tear and speaking to no one till the evening of tbe second day—and me with her and doing the best 1 could, but for all tbat, her going sobbing and shivering through the house, for her mother was wrapped in ber very heart; and as for the Major, as I was saying, wacn't the dead woman the joy of every breath he took? And so on the Eecond evening—s7<c called htm! He was sitting in bis big chair with his head in his bands, and tbe swiet Sunday sunset sifting throcgh tbe dropped blindB, and all of a fudden he rises straight up like one listening, end answers out clear—' 1 am coming, Nora.' Just one smile at MISB Kitty as she caught him in her arms, and gone he was, for all that love and doctors could do. So then the grave was made wider, and they buried them Eide by side, and all Castletown, rich and poor, at tbe funeral; acd the parson wanting Miss Kitty to stay with him, and talking and reasoning a deal abont it, bnt MisB Kitty not regarding, and going back to her own house. Well, then, the servants are old and very kind to her and all to that, but lonely no doubt, and every one sorry enongh for her." " Dear little Kitty ! I remember well how the Major idolized his wife—a fisher-girl you know, Harriet, out of the cottages of Craigy-neesh—a most lovely woman, and good as lovely, Kitty waB never ashamed of her origin." "Kitty expressed herself in the most unladylike and uncalled- for manner on the eubject, It was false pride in her, and I and others were made very uncomfortable more than once about it. Kitty is sentimental; tbat is euch a weak point in the woman's character." " Have you finished the letter?" "Nearly. Bella is kind enough to 'often look at the hbnse where we used to liveshe writes— 4 it is ttill unlet. And, oh, then, people are saying it is haunted by a dark man with eyes that burn like fire. Such ioolis hnecs! I was twice seeing Mr. Kellish in the garden, walking aboat and thinking to himcelf like, and the ghost wonld be him, never fear, and nothing worse, and nothing but good if so.' That is all, and I am glad she did not take my offer. Such a woman would have made the house very uncomfortable." "Harriet, I wiBh you would write to Kitty." ] " 1 couldn't really, George. Three years ago When we had that large winter party and you spent a week witb us, I invited Miss Dinwiodie, She had a list of tbe expected guests, and knew you were to be present. I teceived In answer a cool civil' regret' without a single exense for it." " Perhaps she had no exense." " Then she ought to have made one as a matter of politeness. People alwayB do." " Well, my dear sister, £ must leave you now. Bring the boys and let me kiss them.' He laughed at Harriet's anxiety for him, and amid the children's chatter, and the mother's smiles and tears went away with apparent cheerfulness. He had no inclination to darken his sister's life with either his knowledge or his experiences. She did not perceive his mental angauh—she ooald have given him no help if she had. Safferlng each as he was enduring does not rise to the surface ; it makeB itself a channe' to the very depths of beiDR. (To be cordimttd.) 