CHARILEY'S FIDDLE. Br Rooser C. MEYEJRS. It is no matter to what army, North or South, the drummer-boy belonged. Young he was, his fair skin tanned by the grim old nun, his blue eyes shining out, like very forget-me. note, in the dull, dark unrroundings. They said of him in camp that he was a boy, and surely they treated hit, in their rough way, like a child. Sunburnt men called him Charler ;' talked with him; spoke of scenes far awa'?, where those with whom these sun burnt rmen loved moretthan anything ehe in the woreM livid- and Charler listeoncd to thlem, anul hearde what wn never told to older, tens un sophaticated companions, for somehow his young face and light, cheerftl laugh appealed to these men, oand made themt conide to him. There was even a rumour that dandy Green, the tall, awkward widower from the frontier, had told Charler about his own young days, and made the lboy's blue eyes brim over at some little touch of sentiment. You may, perhaps, say that there is no time, no place for sentiment among big, brawny men prepared toraud experienced in war. It is not so. Aroundeamp-lires, in dim places at night, when the tramp, tramp, triamp of the enttly seems ghostly, and drear., ard full of dire warning, there era tales of love, and sorrow, and loss, and hope remembered and told to listenng ears that hear these fairltest whispers us greedily as they do the awful, death-deliver. in sound of cannon, or swift whislle of t:he ridle-ball. Thus was Charley, the drammer-boy. a cyclopaedia of the gentler thoughts of the soldiers about him. Often in the dusk of evening, when the men were loitering about the camnp, and the kindly stars were peaping faintly out above the white tents, there would come a little, wailing sound on the breeze, and the listeners would stop in their game at cards, or their wild talk, emile, eaabe, a little, and say, ' That's Charley's And did any one take thle trouble to look for the boy. lhe amght be seen perchied up on ledge of rock. orsitting flat onl tht ground, his chitn retsed down, anti his bow iu his hand. Mscrapinmg dolefellyout of his ahiabb viuliet ill the old, oldtunes he remembered. and some of the newer ones made for the war, and even some silly, love-lorn ditty, which had come by a devious way and a fetriul mischance into camp. So, here imnong the purplu sheadows, when the fire on the outposts shlinmered, and there was a strango quiet around, while the crickets chirped, Charley would play the tunes of Ipeace end happiness; Cthe samo ua miles away they were being jdllayed ad rung b7 laughting, care less people r the crowdeld eies, tIlled withk ite rumours of war, not miderstool, but appre ciated. But Charley lfad never been in an engage. ment as yet, and the men said, 'Don't be to anxious, boy ; it'll ll oemne soon enough !' And it did come soon enough for him. Charley wrote to his aunt that camp-lffo was just the thing for him, only. it was too monotonous. He also told the boys that his aunt was the onll relative o hhad il the world, awl that she wasn a queer old woman, strong of will and temper, and that she was 'mortal angry with him' for going away from her for, somelhow or other, he guesseel she ' mort o' liked him.' That was all he tohl therm. and they got quite a liuke uip :alms • Aunt Teodde,' and often spoke of hir to Charley. and totildhu, trlem they saw hiin writing. to be achy and oend much of their lore to her.' ' You don't know her,' said Chrley. ' or yot would'tit mrtke se light of it. Wily, rhe cmlll tak, arll of -or ein. .i -handed, and nti'd never know what hurt l ro.' And so lie wrote often and often to her. But Charley's fldile : Wrell. it seemed part of him. te loved it ! Ito lov l the uiserable little tiunes lie COUl I ptlay on it: he loved to sit down anywhlere, rnd rusanyt mr , and strike up olne of theie little tunes, antd vlay, and play, and play, till it was a reonder lonr much enduirance catgut has, not to mention human fitngeres nd l.atienre. ie wohld leat his fidldltm a!most as though it were a little child, and his blue eves woull flaso as hs hand swept over the strings. Anl the time went on ; ano in thi. itte-rvls of Charley's drum-taps his fiddle took it ur. Tloe di tsme trwhe-l there were preparations ifor a atitle going on; ther enemy were stir rounding the:u; anlt Charley wa.s glad, but rquiit. Tlr-re wan less time for fuon in camp now, andi plicket dity was not sentintintal anly more-ex cepttliat it wias tradc. Two) men ha:d been ticke off hb scouts, and the rirn ftaces if the o l~okedldeathi when th:iv heard. Yet one pleasant, co )l nihtr , while the long, awhite street, of the camrp glietenoel in the mloon li ght, and it was not vet time, for the menl to turn ie, Ch:arler orns eene by Sandr (Green busil writing a letter oii ri drinl-hei.r. 'Fier Aunt 'l'ei, Charlen-' asked Snrrdl Gre en. And the boy noddled, aud laugh.l. Then the old eman stood there watching him for a long time. l hear the rasant. brown face. with the bh!u eyes bent over the writitt- , andIe I wairough, a veryt rough lma-, -ni t .yoel -a tall . ungaeinly, rel.halirtd hibckhrioris man, older than rmidilo life, too; and one to , whom trouble was no account. Iecause it must I be sumoantted.L And yet he stood hore, in the early moonlight, watching the drummereoy writing a letter to an old wormn. Charley lookedup when he had finished. ' Ho, Sandy ! you there yet!' said he. Then he folded the letter, and directed it. ' Sandy, I'll give it to you to see posted for me. Will you do it? You'voe got more chances than Ihave.' So Sandy took theletter, and said,as he turned to Charley: ' Do you know, boy, that we eslpect a scrimmage tomorrow ?' Yes, Charley know it, and he was glad. He got Sandy Green to tell him dll over again about the battles that had been fought before; he listened, and was bright anud chirpy over the stories; and the older man warmed with his I subject, watched the light in the boy's eyes,and 1 ended by patting him.on the back. 'You'll do, Charley ' he said. ' And now giveus a tune, for who knows-well. give us a tune!' So Charley brought his fiddle, and sat down c on the side of his drum; and Sandy laid his sprawling leigith on the ground, his head onhis hand. Then a tune, lighltansd gay, went forth from the little fiddle ! And the tune went on and on. till the stars blinlked, and grew brighter; and all at once Sandy said: 'Say, Charley! Oive us the song you played lastnight.' There was a slight pause, and then quietl a plaintivelTon the ,leas.? t air emle the oM tune of ' oine, Sweet Ironic,' ofilly ondslowly played, filling the 'air around, and touching with kind fingers the hearts of the listeners. The boy's head dropped over his fiddle as hosat there balanced on thedrum, and Sandy Green's i hand was pressed hard into his head. And the tulneweot on and on, and the s:are sparkled, the crickets elhirped peacefully, when, all at once, a bugle sounded, a confused noise was borne to them. Snndy was on his feet, Charley's drum was iii his hund-and thile eneny was on them! Whocan tellof the dreary surprise, of the terrible light of that night, carried far into the beautiful morning, when innocent daisies were red and horrible to look at, asid the leaves of I trees were blackene d scorched by powder ? n Who can tell of the wild, smirched faces, turned sightlessly up to the sky; the deadhands clutchi gthe grass; tie soiled aand torn elothing pierced with a little new hole, whence life had flutteredout? Long into tle day it lasted; and h there were no more birds' song head. The b white streets of the camp were gone, and a can. fused mass ofemen, some wounded, and all bitter, c were hero ilstead. And the fight had ended, the enemy had disappeared, and these men were -victorious. Throughout the fight they all remembered to have heard the drum. Theyremembered seeing b young Charley hatless, his lithe, boyish form in the thickest of the fight, for there had been a small order-it could not be otherwise. And o some of them said he had been seen with a I musket in his hand, loading and firing, brave and soldierly. But now there was a silence: these were not his drum.taps. And somebody else sounded the roll as these men stood up to answer to their names. o There were many gaps m the roll-many v men who would answer to but one roll-call J mere-themighty Roll of the Last. a And when Charley's name was called there was no response; and many eyes turned to u other eves ill mute inquiry. So on the roll went; und at last Sandy Green's namue was willed-no answer. Again it was called, and then-then Sandy Green's voice answered from far away. and they saw him coming, limping v up the hill, Charley on his shoulders, white siand wild. The men cheered-yes, they did- a theycheerred ! And Sandy stood in the midst ti of themn, his leg woundled by a hall, and told c hpw lie hid been found by Charley when a bayonetwas going to make an end of him, but p that Charley had used his own bayonet to dreadful purpose, and Sandy had been saved. But, strange to say, the boy had not seemed to recogmse him. Sandy had taken him n on his shoulder,for the boy had grown faint and a white, had called his n:ume; but a blank look t was all the reply he adli received. Charley's a mind hadstopled. There he was, looking at t the men, a smile on his face, but an unmeaning light in his blue eyes. They looked at him, they shook hi, by the v handl; but he said nothing--he recognised no k one. t The surgeon came, and shook his head. ' Fright !' he said. But Sandy Green cried : 'It's nlie, begging your pardon! The boy a wa'sst friglitesied.' - For all th:at, it made s.aall difference to f Charley. Day by day, as this portion of the army ieade entrenchments where theywere, and prepared for winterquarters, for this point must be gualede, Charley loitered about the hospital, not rick. not ailing, butwith his mind clouded. 1 One of the boys had hunted for his fiddle, hut only the fragments and the strings were left, und theso Sandy Green had taken charge of, as hlie lay in his cot ; for, said he, 'Thie sight of these things might make the boy worse.' The surgeons studied the cwie. It was new e to them; a fine oplortunity for experiment; and experiment they did, and madeo nothing of it. Anl still Charley smiled, and went about seemingly happy, knowing no one, speaking to nio one, iisinginotlhinog lie had before known. The men, rwhen theymet him, called out, 'Hi, t Charley!' and lie seemed to ts pleased at that -nothnlu more. Oiten they would look at him, speak oi lim, for you see they had all so liked him. And S.udy Green was grieved at heart, a though his m?aner was as gruff and rude as ever. After a while the surgeons came to a strange eonclusiou, They said that the life of Charley, from the first surpri-e on that eventful evening that night when he had seen a fight, wasa blank. They said there was no bridge to con nect tie tite before and the th e after that terrible experience. They citel vast authorities, andcoufused themselves about them, and so far confused Sandy Green, who was hobbling about, that the rough man looked oa Charleyas a though he were a ghost. One day Snsdy Green, feeling in his pocket, t fosad the letter which Chirle ha li written to I Aut Tedldy, and which had ~ever been posted, I and had been forgotten ever since. At sight of it. he relt fr llpaper anil pencil immediately. Thliat ight lie toil tile bays he lint written to Charleys aunt, goting the direction from Charley's unpostesdletter. * Aunt Teddy's comning to camp, boy,' said some of them, in faint eniemrabmuco of their old humour, over Chalrley's relative. 'Sandy Green has wsitten to her, telling her all about the boy.' L?! lo! A few days mifter, a tall apparition, gaunt msld grim, drape. in grey, mise its up. pearune hi tihe hoqiral, asking for Charley Morgan ; aind inl lees tlt it an hour it was known all over that Charley's Aunt Teddy had come. All who caould iauntired past the window, just to peep at her. .iBut tbev did not g twice, tor her ferreo look was soethmingdreaidful ;and it snts everywhere at once. They were afraid of her. The might face the enemy, but Aunt Teddy was something more. AAnd Charley s? She just went up to the poor lad,u and took ilh face betweeu her two bouy hands. 'Charler!' she said. Anl he turned h;s smiling, ieanilgless face to hIer, and laughed low, andt did tnot knorw her. She sat quietly down, and rocked herself to aid fro. SNo! Aunt Teddy could do nothiug either. So the days wore on. and some of the boys saw her sitting becide Charley, holding Ils hand i lhers, and hokiog fierrely about her likes lione.s gnredilng htr yeouiug. She wouli not Ihavae hiss stir frmnl lier, asid he seemed perfectly ceustented bhide her. And wlun the men surw her sitting there. fierce aul on guanrd, hoiding the boy's hand ill hier on. nid he smililng and happy-boing, thee felt lusupl io their throats: audio a.wayu they resnected .\Lunt Teddy more than itf she hl c(ric over himu, calling him loving names, for they saw strength here, like their own strength of protection. And, do you know, it wan said that when Sande Green saw her coming in that say, he hohbMse out as talut as he could, and writh a white face; and he would not go near her when she asked for the man who had written her abhout Charle'. He, too, was ufraid of her the gauut, grim apperition. To the doctors shei was a little mere con ciliating; ui:., althou'h she told them they did nor knoi their bdi.Sne, vet when onue of them leaned town, and tried io take Charley's hbtd from hers to give it a friendly shake she said: ' Don't. please! I want to hold him to me, for hte' all I've got.' And the doctor culd not help g'rsldhg here, with a grhat choke in his ' If w coutld Iawaketi Charley to somememory of the lnst,' said this octort to her one day~ ' it we esilu bring him bask to the day before the fight-if he could reegonise something he hid known then, we sight sane him, plerhbuas.' ' I'tsnot a rich womn:,' wms the reply, "but I'll wriste this instce to mr ueet to sell my house. And that money-all I bare in the weorhl--I'll give to tihe man who brings my boy bher to me.' Neow thiss was duly reotrrted isiout -amp-- ull this and snore. And it was told to SandeGreen, as....ig otll.... lie shook his Ihed gsrttly. fut ill the midldie of tile nsighc r? CIF , rose up like one possessed; and searched aromud, and foun1d an old, flat cigar-box. All the rnext daly hie worketd at th box, worked ystauriously, and keplt look re-,n aayv. For two days he scrapeltatit. On the lthirst Charley war to go aivay with his aunt, for she I had duietermined to take him home. On this ?olt evening uS:tdy Green was sem"r lurking bshout the hospital; and once,.whes Aunt Teddy rose and went to see about some final preparations for departure, he darted in, caught Clmrlty by th hand, and limping swiftly away with him, took Ilin to a knoll tar off tok him to a drum laid sidewise on the ground, and seating him there, pulled out a cigar.box. shaped ndcely like a violil, the strings of Charley's owzi lost instrument stretched upon it. Then he brought out a rough bow. Charley sat down there; and smiled vaguely up it the sky. Sandy drew the bow across the strings, but before be could repeat it, a rustling noise was heard, and therw was Aunt Teddy, frightened out of her wits at missing Charley, and she weis followed by half the boys, the two surgeons among them. Sandy Green raised his hand to warn them. They stopped, motionless. Then slowly, laboriously, out on theo pleasant evening air. nrne the old tune of ' Home, Sweet Home,' ruidely and brokenly played; but there it was -theroe it was ! The smile on Charley's face faded ouiit, like the light of thi ignis flrtiu. A startled ex pression came instead: he leaned forwnlrd- ho listened. ' The boys pressed closer and closer, Sandy Green's lingers trembled so that he could scarcely hold the impromptu fiddle. All at in?re, ail at once, two tearo-rolled down Chtrley's face; he started up, looked confusedly about him, opened his lips. ' Aunt Teddy! ' he cried. He was saved. His aunt was kneeling at his feet, hugging his knees, crying wildly. 'rihe boys stood there, a glitter in their eyes, until the two doctore went up to Sandy Green, and shook him by the hand, for he had done ore tlhan they could do, and they owned to it 'Then they all, every manl of them. went up to Sandy, end wrung his hand. He had lt the.t i ,.. Iddlo fall to the ground, and his rough face. was seamed with tears. ' era!--oebedy lead me to Sandy Green' cried a voice, the voice of Charley's aunt; 'for I can't see, I'm crying so hard; and my legs are clean gone from me!' And Aunt Teddy was marched up to him, but not before Charley had caught both Sandys hands in his, And whats id Aunt Teddy do? Shejustthrew her alms around Sandy Green's neck, and gave him a sounditg kiss, before all the boys too! Anid from a score of strong throats came a cry: SThree cheers for Sandy Green--and a tiger!' AMl she shook bhands with them, every one. Aunt Teddy did not have to 'sell her boise, ns a reward for 'any one who could save her he igar-box fiddle may still be seen there nd often is seen there by Sandy Green and others-and it is christened 'Ces.tRn 's t'O.L'--eel'y bdl9et. 