THE PASTOR OF THE CHURCH. REV. JAMES BUCHAN, M.A. The minister of the church, the Rev. James Buchan, M.A., comes of a good Aberdeenshire Congregational stock, and possesses in a high degree those qualities of his race which Dr. Dale describes as ' the admiration where they are not the terror of the rest of mankind.' The work of each day is an advance on the work of the day which preceded it and each day has its work. This power of sustained effort has been characteristic of him all through his public career. With no other educational advantages than those pos- sessed by youths at the Public Schools of Scotland, he qualified himself for entering the University ; and at the age of 19 years he matriculated in Glasgow. There he attended the University classes for two years. At the end of this term of study he applied to be received as a student of the Congregational Theological Hall in Edin- burgh, passed the examinations, and for the fol- lowing four summer sessions studied theology under the late Drs. Lindsay Alexander, and Gowan. On his entrance to the Theological Hall, Mr. Buchan transferred himself from Glasgow to St. Andrews University, where he continued his studies for three more years. Both in the University and in the Theological Hall he gained many distinctions, carrying off prizes in English Literature, Natural Philosophy, and New Testa- ment Greek. At the close of his five years' attendance in the University he fittingly con-cluded his collegiate course by taking the M.A. degree. Mr. Buchan's first charge was in Airdrie, near Glasgow, where he was ordained to the ministry in 1874. He remained there for eleven years, during which time a new parsonage was erected, the church was enlarged and rebuilt, and the congregation more than doubled. While in the midst of all this successful work, early in 1885, signs of failing health compelled him to consider the desirableness of a change of residence. After much thought he determined to come to New South Wales ; and, amid many expressions of regret from the whole community, he bade farewell to the scene of his early labors. The change contemplated seemed to be exactly what was required. Soon after his arrival in the colony his health was so completely restored that he took charge of the Congregational Church in Pyrmont, where he has worked assiduously ever since. How successful that work has been is seen in the necessity, which an ever-increasing attendance threw upon the con- gregation to erect a larger and more permanent structure. On Sunday, August 25, when the Revs. Dr. Jefferis and Kelynack preached the opening sermons, the church was packed to its utmost capacity ; and many were the good wishes expressed for the continued success of this hard working and popular Congregational pastor. Preserving Milk in Norway. — A new method of preserving milk for a lengthened period, without altering its composition, and without adding any foreign ingredient, has been devised and brought into nse in Norway. The milk is taken direct from the cow, and in the first place is cooled down to ordinary temperature, about 50deg to 60 deg Fah., and then hermetically sealed np in tins. In this state it is exposed to a temperature of about 160deg, and kept at this for one hour and three-quarters, or thereabout, after which it is allowed to cool down to lOOdeg, at which it re mains for some time. It is then quickly heated up again to the former temperature of IGOdeg. This alternate heating and cooling are repeated in the same manner several times ; and then finally the tempera ture is raised to the boiling-point of water, or about 212deg, after which it is cooled again to ordinary temperature, when it is found to be completely sterilised, not a trace of any organism or germ being left, and is, therefore, in a state in which it can be kept for on indefinite length oE time without under going any change. The president of the Primitive Methodist Con ference for 1888 gave as a motto for the year, 'A baptism of the Holy Ghost.' His successor in the chair suggests ' A passion for the salvation 