BEEF AND BEAUTY. (The. Daily Telegraph.) "What is beautyV Aristotle wag once asked. "The question," replied the philosopher, " had best be put to the blind." Herein, at the first blush, the Sage of Stageira would teem to be at issue with Plato, «ho declares that beauty shines, and by reason of its splendour and dazzling causes admira- tion; and the more resplendent the object ie, the more eagerly it is sought. How, then, it might well be asked, can be whose eyes are dal kened recognise tbe shining influence of feminine loveli- ness Î When, however, the same Plato goes on to tell as that beauty ts a glittering brightness resulting from effused good, by ideas, seeds, reasons, and shadows stirring up our minds, it may be admitted that Aristotle had some reason on his side, and that the imagination, which is often extremely creative in the blind, has quite as much to do with the visual sense in erecting a standard of beauty. After all, it may be that during unnumbered generations, from the days of the phtlosphers of ancient Greece and Rome to those of Edmund Burke, Hogarth, and Payne Knight, the would-be analysts of beauty have only been wasting their time and their intellectual subtlety. It has been reserved for Dr. E. A. Wood, of Pitts- burg, TJ.S.A-, to set not only his own countrymen, ont tbe whole world right touching one of the most perplexihg of humam problems. Dr. Wood hak bask lecturing before the Kew York Aca- demy of Anthropology on the subject of feiaale comeliness, and, according to his f bowing, beaut*- li altogether a question of beet Race improvement and personalattentiveness, he holds, are desiderata which can only be settled through the -medium of the kitchen. The American people are not so grand a race as they should be, and may become, if they will only pay proper attention to dietetics. On the delicate topic of the beauty of American women, the Doctor hazards the bold, and it may be perilous, assertion that the Chicago girls have big feet and the damsels of St. Louis large mouths ; but he hastens to make amends to tbe disparaged maidens of Illinois and Missouri by pointing out that they possess and enjoy thoroughly the inestimable advantage of always having a plentiful supply of tbe very sweetest and juiciest beef. Still the lecturer found something to carp at in the facial appearance of his country- women. HeholdstbattheugUnessofmany Americans begins with their mouths. Some people, especially in the rural dis- tricts, are too thin, and have narrow peaked jaws, and imperfect teeth. No- where in the world is dentistry so univers- ally practised and carried to so great a degree of perfection as in the States. The defective jaws so ungallantly alluded to by Dr. Wood owe, according to him, their malformation to want of adequate exercise ; but they are suscep- tible of improvement, just as the flexors and extensors of a blacksmith's arms are developed by his toil at the anvil. American parents, again, nourish their children on soft food, which does not tend to maxillary development, whereas the leaders of mankind should be persons with square jaws, the result of hard exercise and plenty of beef. By this time we should say Dr. E. A. Wood's amusing budget of paradoxes have been completely overthrown, demolished, and stamped upon by American physiologists, including, it is to be hoped, a goodly contingent of American ladies. Yet as there are many useful little truths scattered among these paradoxical assertions, it may be permissible to point out the really practical and logical features tn an otherwise inconsequent and rambling train of reasoning. There can be no doubt that dietetics have a great deal to do, if not with beauty, at least with health, which is beauty's handmaiden j and that the American cuisine does not lend itself to any considerable extent to the preservation of health. We must, however, altogether deny che postulate that our Transatlantic kinsfolk fail to exercise their jaws. An unmarried American lady will sit down to break- fast between eight and nine in the morning, and she will begin that meal with a plateful of hominy, burgoo, stir- about, or cracked-wheat porridge ; thence she will proceed by easy stages through a course of mutton chops or beefsteaks, fried potatoes, salt or fresh fish, ham, and sausages; and she will wind up this light and elegant repast with a plateful of hot buckwheat cakes swimming in butter and soaked with maple syrup. It may be hinted, more- over, that a glass of iced water ie almost invariably imbibed before thc porridge, which is occasionally further prefaced by a couple of Havana oranges: that, in addition to the dainties which we have mentioned, such pretty tiny kickshaws as fried oysters, scrauiblod eggs, and sweet omelets often find a place, and that the bread, or rather cake, eaten is generally hot and often artifi cia!ly sweetened. Now we may appeal to the ghost of Dragon of Wantley, whose morning menu comprised houses churches, and people, to support us ii asking whether an American break fasl does not afford the very amplest em ployment for the jaws ? There ts, again a delicacy of which most American! are immoderately fond, called greet corn. The boiled cob, plentifully anointed with butter, is dexterously taken between the Btretcbed-out digit: of the fair eater, and a snowy napk'it being provided as a protection for thi chin, the cob rapidly revolves and tin epicure wags his or her jaws to < tremendous extent until the very las grain of corn has been demolished Finally, the majority of Americai oysters are so huge that it is difficult ti oonceive how those bivalves can bi swallowed without a vigorous distensioi of the jaws. Whether our kinsmei masticate their food sufficiently is quiti another matter, but they certainly con sume enough solid ailments to gtvi almost incessant occupation to theil maxillary arrangements. If, as Dr Wood maintains, American children an fed on soft food, by whian we presumí he means some kind of porridge, i must be added that American ant Australian children are very nearly thi only juveniles in the civilised world wh( are allowed to eat meat at their morn ing meal. French schoolboys anc schoolgirls have, indeed, a meal ai which animal food figures in theil dejeuner à la fourchette, but that repasl is served ac noon, and at early morning nothing is allowed beyond café au tai and bread, not always accompanied bj butter. There are vast numbers ol English parents who feed their children np to five or six years of age, almost wholly on farinaceous food, and, if an« animal food be allowed, it is usual); taken tn the form of beef-tea ; yet these young people rarely have anything the matter with their jaws. Even the Ger mans, a most substantially - feeding people, are content with coffee and bread in the morning, and defer meat eating to the period of the " Mitta gessen." Thus, while we do not in anj way seek to contest the accuracy of thc enthusiastic commendations bestowed by the American physiologist on the sue culence and juiciness of the beef of the Far West, we hesitate to recognise the meat in question as an important factoi in the development of physical beauty, at least on the American continent. In thia favoured country it is sop posed, bot not quite correctly, that we .re nationally at fall of beef as we an fud of prejudices. It it very trae thal we have * traxKtaoaal foooVaeeefer beef: tJiat the roast beef of old England » One of our molt favourite disnea ;'*hat an English Monarch is said to have knighted a loin of beef; that ¿he body- guard of the Sovereign are called beef- eaters ; and that a cold baron of beef invariably makes its appearance on the Royal. sideboard at Christmas - time. Nevertheless it is extremely question- able whether we have not been for a very considerable period as a nation of mutton-eaters as beef-eaters. There are nearly as many allusions to mutton as to beef in Shakespeare ; and that fact becomes all the more remarkable when we remember that, in the Tudor times, wool was still the great staple of English produce, and that farmers preferred to feed their labourers on beef, fresh or salted, rather than kill their sheep for mutton and thus stop their supply of wool. Shakespeare, indeed, among his many allusions to the sweetness, the innocence, and the helplessness of the lamb, only once cites it as an article of food. Historical testimony would seem to prove almost incontestably that beef lost its supremacy as an edible in Eng- land in proportion as we found it feasible to obtain our supplies of wool for manufacturing purposes from foreign countries. And it should be remem- bered, and mournfully remembered, that, whereas the poorest of Americans can reckon upon eating a good many ounces of beef every day of his life, there are thousands upon thousands of English peasants who from year's end to year's end never touch one scrap of butcher's meat. If they get from time to time a morsel of fat bacon it is as much as they dare hope for in the way of animal food. The Scotch, on the other hand, are a broth and porridge consuming people; the staple of Irish sustenance ¡B the potato ; yet the Eng- lish, the Scotch, and the Irish husband- men are all strong, square-jawed men ; whose female progeny are assuredly not wanting in comeliness. It is strange that so shrewd an observer as Dr. Wood, of Pittsburg, should not have gone somewhat further afield in his 1 researches into the dietetics of the Americans. He might have discovered that a great deal of American dyspepsia, and consequently impaired physical condition and aspect, springs from too much meat, from drinking too much iced water, followed by libations of scalding tea and coffee, and especially from the national habit of chewing and sucking in season and out of season "gum," "candies," and all manner of indigestible "lollypops." These little weaknesses, combined with a very trying climate, may be among the causes, and not wholly unimportant ones, why the American jaw is not quite so symmetrically formed as it should be, and why the American dentist, through the immensity of bis practice, has become BO renowned an expert in his delicate and difficult craft. 