C H A R L E Y S F I D D L E . BY ROBEET C. METISES. It is no matter to what army, North o Sou^h, tlic drummer-boy belonged. Young he was, las fair skin tanned by the grim old sun, his blue eyes shining out, like very forget-rne note, in the dull, dark surroundings. They said of him in camp that he was a boy, and surely they treated him, in their rough way, like a child. Sunburnt men called him * Charley talked with him; spoke of scenes far away, where those with whom these sunburnt men loved more tturn anything ebseln'fhe world lived; and Charley listened to them, and heard what was never told to older, less unsophisticated companions, for somehow his young face and light, cheerful laugh appealed to these men, and made them contide in him. There was even a rumour that Sandy Green, the tall, awkward widower from the frontier, had told Charley about his own young days, and made the boy's blue eyes brim over at some little touch of sentiment. You may, perhaps, say that there is no time, no place for sentiment among big, brawny men prepared lor aud experienced in war. It is no; so. Around camp-hres, in dim places at night, when the tnunp, tramp, tramp of the sei.tiy seems ghostly, and dreary, and full of dire warning, there are tales or love, and sorrow, and loss, aud hope remembered and told to listening ears that hear these faintest whispers as greedily as they do the awful, death-dalivering sound of camum, or swift whistle of ttie rifle-ball. Thus was Charley, the drummcr-bov, cyclopaedia of the gentler thoughts of" the soldiers about him. Often in the dusk of eveuiug, when the men were loitering about the camp, aud the kindly BtarB were peeping faintly out above the white tents, there would conic a little, wailing sound on the breeze, and the listeners would stop in their game at cards, or their wild talk, smile, maj-bfc^ a little, and say, • That's Charley's And did any one take the trouble to look for tho boy. heimght be seen perched uo on a ledge of rock, or tilting flat on th>; ground, his chin pressed down, and his bow in his hand, scraping dolefully out of his shabby violin all the old, old tunes he remembered, and some of the newer ones made for the war, and even some silly, love-lorn ditty, which had come by a devious way and a fearful mischance into camp. So, here among tho purple shadows, when the fire on the outposts shimmered, and there was a strange quiet ar-mnd, while the crickets chirped, Charley would play the tunes of peace and happiness, the same as miles away they were being played and sung by langhiug, careless people iu the crowded cities, filled with the rumours of war, not understood, but appreciated. But Charley had never beeu m an engagement as yet, and the men said, ' Don't be so anxious, boy ; it'll all come soon enough!' And it did come eoon'enough for him. Charley wrote to his aunt that camp-life was just the thing for him, only it was too monotonous. He also told the boys that bis aunt was the only relative be had in the world, and that she was a queer old woman, strong of Will and temper, and that she was 'mortal angry with bun' for going away from her— for, somehow or other, be guessed she 'eort o* liked him.' • That wm all tt? told them, and they pot quite a joke up about 'Aunt Teddy,' and often spoke of bier to Charlev, aud told hitu, when tbev saw him writing, to be sure and send much of their love to her.' * You don't know her," eaid Charley.' or vou wouldn't make so lipht of it. Why, the could take any of yon Binpl ^-handed, and voo'd never know what hurt you.' And so he wrote often and often to her. But Charley's fiddle ! Well, it seemed part of him. Heloviedit! He loved the miserable little tunss he ooulJ play on it; he loved to sit down anywhere, snd at any t~m i, and strike up oue of those little tuues, mid play, and play, and play, tin it was a wonder how mnch endurance catgut bos, not to mention human fingers and patieuce. He would pat his fiddle almost as though it were a little child, aad his blue eves would flash as his hand awept over the strings. And the time went on; and in the intervals of Charley's drum-tape his -fiddle took it tip* The day came when there vera preparations for a battle going on; the enemy were snrrounding them; and Cfcariey was glad, but quiet • There wa* less time for fun in camp now, and picket duty was not sentimental any more—exceptthat it was tragic. Two men had been tacked off by scoots, and the grim faces of the bcys lscked death when tbey heard. Yetonft pleftsaat coel nipit while the long, white streetaof the esmpg^tiaMd ia tbenmoBlight and Jt was faotyettime for the men to t aeen by Sandy Green onhfadrinlHai . CterfevP asked Sandv Green. -Andtbe W nodded, andlaughed. Then (he old man «t»od there watSiing iiim for* longtime. He saw the pleasant brown £aoe,with the Mne eyas beat over the writing— •ndbe wasazpugivavezy rough man, mind yon !—a tall, angatnly, nid-haired bsckwoodsman, older tittfe^mjd&efife.ttt; amd one to whom trouble wasno aocoont becanse it must br surmounted. And yet be stood here, in the early moonlight -watching the drummerboy writing a letter to an old woman. Charley looked up when heiad finished. ' Ho, Sandy! you there Tet!' said he. Hien be folded the letter, and directed it 'Sandy, ITl give it to you to see posted for me. Wiilyos do it? You've got move chances than I have.' So Sandy took the letter, and said,as be turned to Charley; ' Do you know, boy, that we expect a scrimmage to-morrow P Yes, Charley knew it awl he was glad. He got Sandy Green to tell him oil over again about the battles that bad been fought before; he listened, and was bright and chirpy over the stories; and the older man warmed with his subject watched the light in the boy's eyes, snd ended by patting him on the back. /YoaTl do, Charley !* he said. 'And now give us a tune, for who knows—well, give us a tune!' So Charley brought his fiddle, and sat down on the side of his drum; and Sandy laid his sprawling length on the ground, his head on his land. Then a tune, light and gay, went forth from the little fiddle! And the tune went on and on, till the stars blinked, and grew brighter ; and aU at once Sandy said: * Say, Charley! Give us the song yon played There was a slight pause, and then quietlv. plaintively on the pleasant air dune the old tune of' Home, Sweet Home,' softly and slowly played, filling the air around, and touching with kmd fingers the hearts of the listeners. The boy's head dropped over his fiddle as he sat there balanced on the drum, and Sandy Green's hand was pressed bard into his bead. And the tune went on and on, and the stars sparkled, tho crickets chirped peacefully, when, all at once, a bugle sounded, a confused noise was borne to them. Sandy was on his feet, Charley's drum was in his band—and the enemy was on them I of the Me fight of tiful morning, when innocent red. and horrible to look at, and the leaves of trees were blackened and scorched by powder ? Who can tell of the wild, smirched faces, turned sightlessly np to the sin-; the dead hands clutching the grass; the soiled akd torn clothing ~ierced with a little new bole, whence life had uttered out? Long into the day it lasted; and there were no more birds' songs head. The white streets of the camp were gone, and a confused mass ofmen, some wounded, and all bitter, were here instead. And the fight had ended, the: enemy had disappeared, and these men were —victorious. Throughout the fight they all remembered to have heard the drum. They remembered seeing young Charley hatless, his lithe, boyish form in the thickest of the fight, for there had been small order—it could not be otherwise. And some of them said he had been seen with a musket in his hand, loading and firing, brave and soldierly. But now there was a silence; these were not liis drum-taps. And somebody else sounded the rolltas these men stood up to answer to their narops. There were many gaps in the roll—many len who would answer to but one roll-calt mere—the mighty Boll of the Last Aud when Charley's name was called there was no response; and many eyes turned to other eyes in mute inquiry. So on the roll went; and at last Sandy Green's name was called—no answer. Again it was called, and then—-then Sandy Green's voice answered from far away, and they saw him coming, limping up the hill, Charley on his shoulders, white and wild. The men cheered—ves, they did— they cheered I And Sandy stood in the midst of the:u, his leg wounded by a ball, and told how he had been found by Charley when a bayonet was going to make an end of him, but that Charley had used his own bayonet to dreadful purpose, and Sandy had been saved. But, stemge to say, the boy had not seemed to recognise him. Sandy had taken him on his shoulder, for the boy had grown faint and white, had called his name; but a blank look was all the reply he had received. Charley's mind had stopped. There he was. looking at the men. a smile oil his face, but an unmeaning light in his blue eyes. Tney looked at him, they shook h;n. by the hand; but he said nothing—he recognised no one. The surgeon came, aud shook his ii«id. ' Fright!' he said. But Sandy Green cried: ' J t "s a lie, begging your par&un;! The boy wasn't frightened.' For ail that, it made sioail difference to Charley. Day by day, aa this portion of the army luade entrenchments where they were, and jpareii for -winterquarters, for this point mnst glial ded, Chariey loitered about the hospital, it «ct. not ailing, but with bis mind clouded. One of the boys had hunted for his fiddle, but only the fragments and the strings were left, and these Saiidy Green had taken charge of, as he lay in his cot; for, siid he, ' The sight of these things mielit make the boy worse.' The surgeons studied the case. It was new to them; a fine opportunity for experiment; and experiment they did, and made nothing of it. And still Charley smiled, and went r.bout seemingly happy, knowing no one, speaking to no one, missing nothing he had before known. Hie men, when they met him, called out, * Hi, Charley !' and he seemed to be pleased at that —nothing more. Often they would look at him, speak of him, for you see they had nil so liked him. And Sandy Green was grieved at heart, though ids maimer was as graft' and rude as ever. After a while the Burgeons came to a strange conclusion. They said that the iife of Charley, from the first surprL-a on that eventful evening that ni^ht when he had seen a fight, was a blank. They said there was no bridge to connect the time before and the time after that terrible experience. They cited vast authorities, audcoufused themselves about them, and so far confused Sandy Green, who was hobbling about, that the rough man looked on Charley as though he were a ghost. One day Sandy tiret-n, feeling in his pocket found the letter which Chariey had written to Aunt Teddy, and which had never been posted, and had been forgotten ever tince. At sight of it, he went for paper and pencil immediately. That night he told the boys he had written to Charley's aunt Betting' the direction from Charley's unposted letter. ' Aunt Teddy's coming to camp, boys',' said some of them, in t'aiut remembrance of their old humour, over Charley's relative. ' Sandy Green has written to her: "telling her all about the boy.' Lo! l o A few days ;ifter, a tall apparition, gaunt and grim, draped in grey, made its appearance in the hospital, for Charley Morgan; and in less th m an hour it was known all over that Charley's Aunt Teddy had come. All who could sauntered past' the window, just to peep at her. But tfcev did not go twice, ior her fierce look was something dreadful; and it was everywhere at once. They were airraid of her. The might face the enemy, but Aunt Teddy was something more. And Charley ? She just went np to the poor lad, and took his face between her two bonyJiands. 'Charley!' she said. And he turned his smiling, meaningless face to her, and laughed low, and did not know her. She sat quietly down, and rocked herself to and fro. No! Aunt Teddy could do nothing either. So the days wore on. and some of the boys saw her sitting beside Chariey, holding his brad in bens, and looking fiercely about iter like a lioness guarding her young. She would not have fcim etir from her, andThe seemed perfectly contented beside her. And when the men saw her sitting there, fierce and on guard, holding the boy's hand in her own. and he smiling and hapwv-lookinfr, they felt a lump in their throats: and in a way they respected Aunt Teddy more thas if she baa cried over him, calling him loving names, for they saw strength bete, like their own— strength of protection. And, do yon know, it was said that when Sandv Green saw her coming in that dav. he hobbled out as last as he could, and with a white face; and be would not go near her when she asked for the man who had written her about Chariey. He, too, was afraid of her— the gaunt, grim apparition. To the doctors she was a little mere conciliating; and, although she told them they did not know their business, yet vben one of them leaned down, and tried to take Charley's band from bees to give it a friendly she said' ' Don't please! I want to bold him to me, forh«*e all I've got ' And the doctor could not help grasping hers, with a great choke in bis throat. ' If we coiil l awaken Charley to some memory of (be post' said this doctor to her oae day— <if we could bring him bade to the day before thus fight—if be could recognise something be had known then, we might save him, pedume.' Tru not s. rich woman.' w*s tbe reply, * bat I'll write this instance to mv agent to sell my bouse. And that money—all Ihave fn the worid—ril give to the man who brings my boy Now this waa duly reported about ^ amp-all this and more. And it WastoWto San^Green, among others. He shook Ids bead gruffly. But fin the middle of the night Sandy Green rose op like one possessed, and teardiedaroaod, and found an old, flat cigar-box. AH the next day be Worked at the box, worked mjifcsrioosly, andkzptlookra-on away. For two (days be acrapedatit Oa the third Charley was to go away with his anat for efae had detennined to take him home. OatMs last evening Sandy Green was fieea hiitaig_about the hospital; and once, when Asnt Teddy me and west to see about some final prep&raiiass; for departure, he darted in, caught dmrfey by fen fcnnd, and limping swiftly away with ban, took him to a knoll far oS— took him to at drum laid sidswiae on the ground, and esating Mm there, polled out a cigar-box, shaped rudely Eke a vioHn, the strings of Charley's own lost instrument stretched upon it Then he brought oat a rough bow. Charley sat down there, and emOed -vaguely np at the sky. Sandy drew the bow across the strings, but before he ccrald repeat it, a rustling noise was heard, and there was Aunt Teddy, frightened out of her wits at missing Chariey, and she was followed half the boys, the two surgeons among them. Sandy Green raised his hand to warn tfaam. Tbey stopped, motionless. Then slowly, laboriously, out on the pleasant evening air came the old tone of J Home, Sweet Home,* rudely and brokenly played; but there it was —there it was! The smile oa Charley's face faded out, like the light of the ignis Oii'jtts. A startled expression came instead: be leaned forward—be listened. The bop! pressed closer and closer, Sandy Green's fingers trembled so that he could scarcely hold the impromptu fiddle. All at once, all at once, two tears rolled down Charley's face; he started np, looked confusedly about opened his lips. ' Aunt Teddy!' be cried. He was saved. His aunt was kneeling at his feet, hugging his knees, ciying wildly. The boys stood there, a glitter in their eyes, until the two doctors went up to Sandy Green, and shook him by the hand, for he had done more than they could do, and they owned to it Then they all, every mamrf them, went «np to Sandy,-and wrung bis band. He bad Jet the fiddle to the ground, and bis xoogh faoe arasmmed with tears. •:'' cried a. voice, the t „ , I can't see, I'm crying so hard; and my legs andean gone from me !' Aad Asnt Teddy was maxdbed tip to him, ~ but not before Charley had caught both Sandys hands in bis. And what did Aunt Teddy do? She just threw her aims around Sandy Green's neck, and gave him a sounding kiss, before all the boys too! And from a score of strong throats came a cry : ' Three cheers for Sandy Green—ant! a tiger!" And she shook hands with them, every one. Aunt Teddy did not have to sell her house, as a reward for ' any one who could save her boy.' The cigar-box fiddle may etHl be seen there— and often U seen there by Sandy Green and others—and it is christened ' Chabley's Fiddle.'— Weekly Budget. 