ILLNESS OF DR. ULLATH0RNE. LONDON, Utii March. Dr. "\V. B. Uilathorne, who ill . 1887 resigned the Roman Catholic Bishopric of Birmingham, on account of tlie wenkness of liis health, is reported to be dying. The Right Rev. "William Bernard Ullathorno, D.D., O.S.B., is acknowledged ns ono of the shining lights of the' Roman Catholic Church, and his name is well known in Australia as woll as in Great Britain. Dr. Uilathorne was horn at Pocklington, Yorkshire, in May, 1806, was educated at St. Gregory's College, Downside, near Bath. Soon after liis admission to tlio priesthood ho became a Missionary Father, and in that capacity visited Australia in 1832 ; was subsequently appointed Vicar-General. His zealous labors ninougst the convicts in those ilnys are well known. He was tho first Catholic priest whovisitcdNorfolk Island. It was mainly through his ovidcuoe boforo n parliamentary committee in 1838 that tlio transportation of convicts to tlio colonial penal settlement was stopped. Oil his return to England ho took charge of the parish of Coventry. Ho was appointed Vicar Apos tolic of the Western District, England, and was subsequently consecrated Bishop of Hotalonin, in June, 1846. In 1848 lie was transferred to the Central District, and in September, 1850, on the restoration of the Roman Cntholio hier archy, in obtaining which lie was prominently identified with, ho -was appointed to the Seo of Birmingham. Ho was well known as ail ablo and popular lecturer and author, nnd several of liis series of lectures were published in book form. When his health began to fail tho Right Rov. Edward Illslcy was appointed as auxiliary bishop of Birmingham. In 1887 Dr. Uilathorne resigned his ace, auil Dr. Ilisley succeeded him. Dr. Ullathorno's health lias been the causo of anxiety to liis friends for some timo past, mill his illness now appears to be'about to tako a futal termination. A very poor actor having played tlie part of the ghost in Hnmlct for many years, Saphir, the German wit, on seeing him, said, " It would bo a good thing if this limn gave up tlio ghost, so that somebody else could tako his part." A young poot.ouco sent tlie humorist an Odo to immortality, requesting his opinion of it. : Saphir returned the manuscript witli tho mes sage, " This pnekago will never rcaoh its address." "Throe persons, "remarked the wit, "sleop soundly — a child, a corpse nnd a night watchman." During liis sojourn in X., Sapliir was frequently in the society of a well known theatrical manager whoso dultiess was notorious, "How strange it is that my legs go to sleep every day !" lie remarked upon ono occasion. "How can you woudcr?" returned Saphir, ." They are always in Your company." 