Christmas Everywhere. ; Definition of Chhistsias. The angels in the ' Gloria in Excolcis ' have probably given us the best definition of Clirist mas, 'On earth peace, goodwill toward men.' Tliiti Christian idea of Cliristmxs, with its love, charity, and forgiveness, has probably found its most striking realisation in the Julofred, or Yulc-peace of the Scandinavians — a custom, though ancient aa tho Runic atones, Btill exist ing in Sweden, by virtue of a. Christian bap tism, n» an institution extending from Christmas Eve to Epiphany, and solemnly proclaimed by . a public crier. Any violation of the Yule-peace is visited with double or treble punishment. T.ho courts are clo.sed ; old quarrels are ad justed; old' feuds are forgotten; while on the Yule-evening the shoes, great and small, of the entire household, are set close together in .1 row, that during the coming year the family limy live together in peace and harmony. ; Roman Satuiinalia. To this pacific, Christian conception of the Clii-istinas-tiino not a few Pagan elements have been added, which are clearly traceable to tho old German ' Twelve Nights'' and the Roman Sntnrnalia. Hence its mirth and festivity, its jesting and feasting, its frolic and license. The decoration and illumination of our Christian churches recall the temples of Saturn radiant ?with beaming tapers and resplendent with garlands. The. 'Mevry Christmas' responds to tho 'Bona Saturnalia,' and our modern Christmas presents to the dona amicis. All the customs prevailing during the Satur nalia have found their counterpart during the Christmas holidays in modern society. The Birthday of Chiiist. Although Epiphanus dates back the custom of commemorating the birthday of Christ to the days of the apostles, its origin is to be referred with greater probability to the latter part of the fourth century. When Constantine proclaimed the Christian faith as the predominating religion of the Romish Kmpire, the Christian Church, relieved from persecution throughout both Orient and Occident, began to solemnise, under tho segis of imperial authority, ChristnuM as the birthday of Christ. One prominent feature, however, of Constantino's political propaganda of Christianity was the adoption, under Chris tian forms, not only of pagan rites and cere monies, but also of pagan festivals. Thiis it was that Christmas, though formerly observed on January G, was transferred to December 25, the time of the Roman Saturnalia, and became in vested with much of the paraphernalia of the heathen festival. Battlk of Tim Gods and Giants. In Germany the Christinas holidays appear to have been substituted for the old pagan festival of the 'Twelve Nights,' which extended from December 25 to January G. The 'Twelve Nights' were religiously observed by numerous feasts, and wore regarded by the ancient Germans as among the holiest and most solemn of festivals. Regarding, in common with other pagan nations, the active forces of nature as living personifioa-. tions, they symbolised the conflict of natural forces by tho battle of the gods and giants. Thus, in the old German mythology, winter is represented as the ice giant, heartless, inexor able, the enemy of all life, and the relentless foe of gods and men. By the aid of his powerful steed, Swadilfari, the all- stiffening north wind, he constructs a formidable castle of ice, which threatens to inaugurate the reign of night and winter, of darkness and eternal death. Then follows the conflict of giants and gods, of winter with spring, of north wind with south wind,* until Thor, 'the g(xl of tlie thunderstorm, demolishes rtlio castl« of the ice giant, when Freiju, the beautiful goddess of spring, resumes: her former sway, and life and light and pro sperity return. Festival of the Twelve Nihhts. In the midst of this struggle of the conflicting forces of ntiture the Gumuuis and other people celebrated tho festival of the ' Twelve Nights.' Though in the depth of midwinter, when the ice-fcingr was in the full- flush of victory, it was nevertheless tli'e.'tuhiimr-point' iii the conflict of natural forces. » The stm-god,J having reached tho ? goal of the winter solstice, now wheeled his fiery steeds, and 'became tho sure perciirsor of tho coming victory of light and life over darkness and death. 1 The Hunting of Odin. But while a pagan festival might be trans formed into a Christian holiday, there was no place in a system of theism, unless in its poesy, for the pantheon of pagan gods. These were therefore either relegated to oblivion, or, nieta lnoriihqsedinto.demons, witoheij, and gliosta, and: are new supposed to have's^ecial power to work mischief particularly during the Christmas time.' Hulda,' ouce the producing night of: spring, iiow bewitches tho distaff of lu/.y spinner jfirls.j Odin, tlje god of fecundity, who formerly pursued, with impetuous ardour, the fair ; and . beautiful l'Yuija, now, us the wild huntsman of. hell, sweeps through tlio air with his devilish crew, foretelling future wars or portending coining calamity. The once-resplendent BercHta, now 11- umlevolqnt -witch, hung with cow bells and disguised with ' a horrid wooden mask, lms become the bugbear of children. A singular noise of Rcabirds during the nights of November and December in the Island of. Schonen, is still known as the winkiiur of Odin. Rvmoi'it 'Nights. i1 In the Bavarian aud Styriivn Alps the 'Twelve Nights' are called 'Rumour Nights!' on account : of their visions' of ghosts and hobgoblins, When priests and prudent housewives; \vitli prayer a'ud: invocation, holy water and burning* incense, fumigate dwelling and outhouse, and sprinkle their cattle with salt. .. ( A Pukttv Legend. ' There is a pretty legend related by Von Reinsberg in his 'l'estlicho Jahr, 'that on one occasion the good Eckhart met two little children, who, coming out of a becrshop with- a l-ot of; beer, were overtaken by the fearful troop,' who drank all the beer. Having no money to buy iuore, and amirehensivo of punishment, they cried bitterly, when tho faithful Kckhart com-' forted them with the assurance that if they would never tell what they had seen, their pots would always be brimful of be«r. And so it was, until the patents prevailed upon the children to divulge) the mysterious secret, when the miraculous gift disappeared. A Curious Mkdi.f.y. Many Christmas characters and customs con stitute a curious medley of paganism and Christianity. This is particularly truo among the Germans; who were strongly uttucheil to their old religious ceremonies. The Christchild, with his [rifts and masked attendant, all belong to tho German antiquity. In the procession of tho star-singers, the tnree kings replace the pagan godn. Only the names have been changed. The German custom of someone going, in a state of nudity, at midnight on Christmas Kvo to bind the fruit trees with ropes of straw, or of frugal housewives shaking the criunlia from tho table cloth around their roots iu order that they may become niore fruitful, clearly points to the mys terious influence attributed by the ancient Germans to tlio titneof the ' Twelve Nights.' In the Tyrol the fruit trees, for a aimilar reason, pro soundly beaten. , In Bohemia, they ;'lire i iolentlr shaken during the time of the midnight n ass, wliile in other localities they are regaled with the remains of i Christmas supper, to which they had been previously and specially invited. Ahimilar custom, probably of Gorman origin, still prevails in some parts of England. In Devonshire a corncako and somo hot cider are carried into the orchard, and there offered up to the largest appletree as the king of the orchard, while those who take port in the singular cere mony join lustily in the chorus — Benr (rood apples and pears enough Barns lull, tmfts full, sacks full 1 Hurrah ! hurrah ! hurrah ! Mistletoe und holly, yule-log and yule-caudle, lielong to the same category. The mistletoe, was regarded by the Druids with religious veuera^ tion, and its berries of pearl, as symbolic of purity, were associated by them with tho rites of' mai riuge. Prom this the transition was but slight to the lover's kiss beneath its mystic bough during the Christmastide. At this festive season also they kindle bonfires ui»n the hill top*;.,-ANor must we forget that our pagan pro genitors burned ugreut logivnda mammoth candle upon December 21, which, being tlio shortest day in the year iu Europe, was regarded as the turning point in the conflict between the contending forces of winter and spring. The Patiion ok Childuks. St. Nicholas, as all the world knows, is the patron of children, with whom he is the' most popular saint in the calendar. The Bishop of Myra, in Lucia, if we are to credit the Roman breviary, supplied three destitute maidens with dowries by secretly leaving aJ marriage portion for each at their window. Hence the popular fiction that he is the purveyor of presents to children on Christmas Eve. ? New Year in I'hanck; In France, though New Year is generally observed rather than Christinas for the distribu tion of presents, it is the 'Jesus bainbin' who comes with' a convoy of angels loaded with books and toys with which to tiil tlie expectant little shoes that tiny hands have so carefully arranged in the fireplace. In it he is represented by a young maiden dressed in white, with hair of Iambs wool hanging down ujjoii her shoulders, and her face whitened with flour, while on her head she wears a crown of gilt paper set round with burning tapers. In one hand she holds a silver bell, and in the other a basket full of sweetmeats. She is the messenger of joy to all children, but that joy is usually changed into terror on the appearance of Hans Tiapp, the Alsatian liuprecht. The bugbear, on entering, demands in a hoarse voice which of the children huve not been 'obedient, walking* up towards them in u threatening 'manner ; while they, trembling and crying, seek to hide themselves as best they may from the impending stonn. But the Christ oliild intercedes for them, and, upon their promis ing to become better in the future, leads them up to the brilliantly illuminated Christmas-tree loaded with presents, which soon makes them' oblivious of the frightful HansTrapp. RlTRECHT, THE BuGBEAli. In the Erzebirge it is St. Peter who, dressed as a bishop, and accompanied by the dreadful lUiprecht, is impatientlycxpected bytheohildren on Christmas Eve. Tlie character of his visit does not differ materially from that of the Christchild, only that on leaving he delivers » short sermon, lays on the table a rod dipped in chalk, and then departs as noiselessly us he came. The children, relieved from the presence of Rupreclit, now breathe freely again. They hasten to take off their shoes, polish them, and then tie them together, when the most daring among them, after listening if Nigla's bell had ceased tinkling, runs out into the garden, and puts them under a bush. The others, plucking up courage, follow his example: They now pass the time until the clock strikes 10 in telling stories, in which the black Ruprecht plays a principal part, when, having reconnoitred the situation through the keyhole to see that the coast ' is clear, they go noiselessly on tiptoe to their shoes under the bush, to find them filled with apples, nuts, and all sorts of sweetmeats RUI'RKOHT AND HlS DISGUISES. From what precedes, it will appeir that the 'bugbear Rupreelit, under different names and. disguises, Ways a conspicuous part amonij Ger man speaking populations in the : Christmas festivities. In the Tyrol, the terrible Klaubauf accompanies St. Nicholas, who kidnaps naughty . children and stows them away in his basket. In. Lower Austria it is the frightful Kramnus, with his clanking chains and horrible devil's mask, who, notwithstanding his gilded nuts imd apples, OL'rbread and toys, wTiich he carries in his et, is the terror of the whole nursery. In the Bohemian Netherlands, Rumpanz figures as the bugbear in the train of the Christchild. Three young men disguise themselves — one as an angel, another as the devil, and the third as a he;gbat. The latter catches and holds wipked children who do not say their prayers, upon his lionis, in order that the devil may beat them with his rod. In Alsace, Ruprecht, as already intimated, is represented by Huns Trapp. In Sunbia, the Christchild is accompanied by the Pelzniaert, who carries 1111 old bull and an earthen pot containing the presents ; while throughout northern Germany it is customary in the rural districts for a black-bearded peasant, wmpjied in straw, to go from house to house asking the children if they know how to pray, rewarding those who can with ginger-bread, apples, and nuts, und punishing unmercifully those who cannot. In Hanover, Holsteiu, and Mecklenburg he is known as Clas. In Silesia his name is Joseph, Sosie Quaint Superstitions. There are many cjuaiut sunerstitions associated with Christmas holidays. In some places, as in Sunbin, it is customary for maidens, inquisitive as to their prospective lovers, to draw a stick of wood out of a heap to see whether he will be long or short, crooked or straight. At other times they will pour melted lead into cold water, and from ? the figures formed will prognosticate the trade ' or profession of their future liusbaiuls. If they, imagine they see a plane, or last, or pair of shears, ' itsigiiifiesthatheistobeacarpenter, orshoemaker, ortailor; while a 'hammer or pickaxe' indicate a smith or a common labourer. The m:iidens of Pfullingen, when ' they wish to ascertain which cf them will' first become a wife, forma ? oirele, and plneo in their midst a blindfolded gander, and the one to whom he goes first will soon be a bride; wliile the Tyrolese peasants listen at the baking ovens, and if they hear music it*, signifies an early wedding-,' but if thu ringing of bells, it forebodes the death of the' listener. ? Among others, a favourite method of forecasting the future is to sit upon the. floor nnd throw one's shoe with the foot over the shoulder, nnd then to predict from the posi tion it assumes whnt is about to transpire. i: -: Knkkung of Cattle at Midnight. ? - The superstition that, cuttle kneel at midnight on Christmas Eve, in recognition of thu mini versaiy' of the Saviour's birth, is still said to exist even in some'narts of'- England ; while the ? belief that. water drawn at 12 o'clock 011 Christ mas night ^ is miraculously turned into wine is no less widely diffused*' In jrenklfinhm-fr it is not. allowable to call certain animals by their right names, and he who does not say 'long tail,' for . example, for fox, pays n forfeit. ' , , Thk Opening of the Heavens. - -? ? In Folnndjiand blsewhcre, it is believed that oil Christmas night the heavens iiro opened, 'and tho cone 'of Jacob's ladder is enacted; but it isf only . permitted ; to the saints to see it. ' Throughout northern Germany the tables arc spread and lights' left burning; during the entire night, that the Virgin Mary, and the angel who passes when ©verybouy sleeps, inay rind .something to eat. In certain i-arts of Austria they put candles in the windows, that the Cliristchild miiy not stumble in passing through the village. There, is also a widespread opinion that a pack of wolves, which are no other than wicked men transformed into v wolves, committed groat havoc uiwn Christmas night. Taking advan tage of this superstition, it was not unusual for rogues disguised in wolfskins to uttack honest peoplo, rifle their houses, sack their cellars, ana drink and steal their beer. As a specific chann, no doubt against these wolfish depre ' dations it waB cUBtomary in Austria, up to a recent date, after high mass on Christmas night, ' to sing in n particular tone, to the -sound of the Lirgo bell, tho chapter of the generation of Jesus Christ. The Christsias Thee. The Christmas-tree is doubtless of German origin. Though in its present form it is com paratively of recent date, yut its pagan prototypo enjoyed a very high antiquity. The early Ger~ mans conceived of the world as a great troo whoso roots were hidden deep under the earth, but whoso top, flourishing in the midst of Wai halla, tho old Gorman paradiso, nourished tho 8h.e-goat.upon whose milk fallen heroes restored themselves. Yggdnafil was the naino of this tree, and its memory was still green long after Christianity had been introduced into Germany, when much of its symbolic character was trans ferred to tho Christmas-tree. At tirstfittedup dur ing tho ' Twelve Nights' in honour of Bereohta, the goddess of spring, it was subsequently trans ferred to the birthday of Christ, who, as the God-man, is become tho 'resurrection and the life.' ?? Tho evergreen firtree, nn ombloin of Bpring-time, became the symbol of an eternal spring. The burning: lights were to adumbrate Him who is the 'light of. ,J;he.w-]rld,' and th» gifts to remind us that God,-in' giving His only £-on for the; world's redemption, oonterred'upon ?- us the. most priceless of .'all gifts. -This symbol- ? ism extended also to tho most usual of Christ mas presents, apples and nuts ; tho former being coneidered as an emblem of youth, tho latter as a profound symbol of spring, while tho ' boy'a legs 'relate to Saturn, who devoured his own children, and the Kropfel to the thunderstone of Thor. . Christmas. Trees and Piiotestantism. Until within tho present cfcntury the Christmas tree was regarded ns a distinctive Protestant cu«- ? loin. The Reformers, in order to separate them-: selves more completely from the Catholic Church, ? dispensed with its rites, ceremonies, and customs, . nn-.i thoBo of the Christmas holidays among the rest. The Krip]-e, or holy manger, which . waa considered a distinctively Catholic institution, strangely enough, ;w.is supplanted by an old pagan custom of immemorial antiquity and kindred significance. To invest tho festival with additional importance in the eyes of children; the distribution of holiday presents waa trans ferred from tho 5th to the 24th of December, or from St. Nicholas's Eve to Christmas. Kve. Such wn« its origin. Now tho Christmas tree, radiant with light and loaded with it. rich variety of golden fruit is, not only to ,be found everywhere throughout Germany, but has taken root and become acclimated from the Alps to the Ural, and from the Kiolen to the Apen nines ; beneath Italian suns and amidst Lap land snows ; alike on the banks of the Neva and the Po, theMississiijpi and the Thames— iu truth, wherever German civilisation has penetrated, or Genuau Protestantism prevails. Thk Mangeii. The presepio, or inanger, has, however, main tained its pre-eminence in Roman Catholio countries. It is said to owe its origin to St. 'Francis, who constructed the first one in 1223. Subsequently the custom spread throughout Italy, and afterwards Germany and the Nether- ' lands. The presepii vary in size and oxpensive nessj from the rude wooden figures of tho Alpine goat-herd, cut out with his own hand* during the long winter evenings, to the pre tentious representation of the wealthy burgher, with its exquisite carving and gilding, velvet drapery and cloth of gold, casting thousands of crowns. In many churches the whole parish contribute to the expense of fitting up the presepio, while moribund misers do not forget to endow it with a legacy in their last will and testament. The Grand Christmas Dinner. T One of the principal features of the holiday in Italy is the grand Christinas, dinner, .which beprins early and lasts late. The rich feast right royally, and the poor, who can afford to eat meat but once a year, must have it for'the Christmas dinner. -? In. anticipation' of this, it is customary for everyone who has turned a '?'?' hand for you during the year to call upon you in advance of the Christmas holidays for their ' buona festa. This a. resident foreigner especi ally finds out to his sorrow. If he be a con sul, so much the worse. He is not only ex pected to fee his own employees, but those of thu ? health office, of the captain of the port, of the prefect, of the chief of police — in fact, of all tho authorities with whom he has held official intercourse. Then come the telegraph mes senger, the penny postman, the scavenger, the washerwoman, the baker's boy, who alone re turns you up equivalent by bringing you a pane dolee — together with the son-ants of youp friends, where you have called frequently, especially if you have dined with them at any time during the year. The buona festa varies from two to fifty francs, and occasionally more. Sometimes, instead of calling in person, tho more aristocratic — as the portiers of the Bourse —will send you their carte de visite, with the compliments of the season ; but they would con sider it as rather a grim joke if you were simply to send yours in return. This is even a greater infliction than our Boxing Day, our waits, and the bellman, who, in remote parts, goes round at midnight ringing his boll, and rattling off a stnnra or two, for the gratuity which he con fidently anticipates. Other Customs., In Si»in Christmas i3 observed, we under stand, very much as it is in Italy, the Christmas dinner playing a very conspicuous part. In Russia, though St. Nicholas is a special favourite, and'they have the Christmas-tree, and services iu tho' churches, all special ceremonies are re served for the Easter holidays and Epiphany. On the other hand, throughout the Scandi navian countries, the 1 ule-time is th$ gayest and merriest season of the year. ' '; In Lapland aud Norway it is still customary to set out a cake in the snow as a Christmas offering, intended originally, in all probability, to propitiate some pagan divinity, as it dates back to the times of Tnor the Thunderer. Nor must we omit to speak of the Yule-club, which was formerly suspended by a ribbon over ths table, to bo played by the guests in order to decide about the drink ; nor of the Yule-cock, a cock made of the Yule-straw, which was played in a similar manner. The Christmas Box. In Sweden and Denmark the julklapp, or Christmas-box, enclosed in innumerable wrap pers mid labelled with the name of the person lor whom it is intended, is suddenly thrown into the room by some unseen, mysterious messenger, who accompanies it with a loud rap upon the door. No little ingenuity is frequently ex hibited in the selection of the envelope enclosing tlie present. Sometimes an elegant vase is en closed in a monster bale, or a costly brooch in a great straw boot, or some . valuable ornament in an earthenware hen. During the evening all sorts of messengers, in all jwssible and im possible disguises, some in masks, some in female attire, some as cripples on crutches, others as postilions on horseback, hurry hither and thither; and deliver the presents in the most unexpected and mysterious manner. The Yule klnnu-is'iiot unfrcquently ? accompanied by a biting, epigram or satirical allusion, like tiro valentine. Thus, a lady extravagantly fond of dress ia liable to be presented with a ridiculously dressed doll, or a newly married couple, who ar» rather demonstrative in their billing and cooing, with a pair of ypimg turtle-doves. In the larger towns and .cities, as in Stock holm, they hold a great fair. The shop* are richly decorated and splendidly illuminated. There are family reunions, where childreu re ceive their presents and adults their Yule-klapps, whi.'e in the midst of .the. festive scene, rises a Christmas-tree with' its rich burden of flowers, fruit's, and sweetmeats, and brilliant with burning wuxlights. . ? ' .? Decadence: of Festivitt in -England. Of the, Chrktiuos.m^ England,- we.n'eed liardly. , say, scarcely tlie snaiiow remains. .The 'time i» giiiK'iwhen all classes of. socitSty'imitaa afourid.ft ciiiiHnori'^aiiquet-tablc.'inrlulged'iii'tliemost . unrestrained 'joviality and ?* merriment. Tho, wassail (worm : ale) :bowl,'Vthat once played so conspicuous a part ? at the Christmas banquet,' has become obsolete, . wliile the old-time toasts of ' Drine heil,' ' Was hail,' from which the bowl , derives its name, has'given plage to the modern 'Come,;here's to _you,' or 'I'll pledge you.' Then, too the singing of Christmas carols, which was oncc'so popular, even at court, has greatly fallen into disuse,' and is now principally con fined to the lower classes. Even tlie traditional .mistletoe, around which gathers so much of pwsy and, romance, and under which coy maidens coque'ttishly courted the kiss of their present or prospective lovers, now excluded from the churches as a relic of paganism, lms been banished by slow degrees from its high po3t of favour j while. the \ ule- block, or Chnstinas-lofr, ;.' with its warm welcome, extending even to the ? poor and tho stranger as they gather around tho hospitable board^ isueing gradually supplanted by tho Christmas-tree'. No inconsiderable amount of Christmas charity, however, survives tho changes in our customs, and let us trust that i£ may be long before Christinas ceases to be the time of cordial greetings and of hearty: benevolence. ... Christmas in America.. . .??.'. ? : Christmas in the New World, wu.inay add, is , , , thoroughly European in character, since. itii cus-,' , toms, for the most part, have been transplanted ' from the Old. Kren tho Negroes of Jamaica elect themselves a king nnd queen of misrule,- ; and indulge in Christmas masks and mummera. ? ' ' The I^ew. York Christmas-tree comoa fromG«r- . innny, its Santa, Claua from Holland; The ? Christmas-stocking from Belgium- or France; ' whilo I the 'Merry Christinas and Hnppy Nevr, Year' is the old English greeting, surviving' from times when the Old did not oven -dream of . : ' the existence of the New World. — 'The- Mirror.' ,'. '. ?nieCbristmastimecomeson apace, autlcharity ;. , begins' tohuni. , . . .. ., . .. .,..: CmusTMAS-TitEK. — The. Chrjatmas-trea. has. . „ -T become a prevailing fashioi} in Britain, and. is .Iwi'1,',' '.; ?' ''. ' * most persons tmiipoaed tphayqpriginated 'iGerr; ' ?'.'*' ,.',' many. Such, however, x is not tho fact, '*,' .'The.', ,,'j'' '{ '. Christmas-tree, is from Egypt; aiVi'.'its '^?j^ia^ '- dates from a period long anterior; t'Jf_?Vr,'[\\- '. - , , ,'- ??.. tianera. The'palui troe is known t ?V??.*^**. , ' branch every month, iond 11 spray.* j wait for : . ?'.' with 12 shoots oh it, was used in- J then write time of the winter boIbUto, as rv s-ca]&tati;,uio ,? year completed. ? ' 'Kuiti a'9 he ' V did not ' mn all and self from 