A MESMERIC EVANGELIST. Considerable excitement is being manifested at Langley daring the present week (says the Birmingham Daily Gazette) owing fo the appearance of the " Rev. Dinock," from Berkshire, who is going through some extraordinary performances at the Primitive Metbodists Chapel in that locality. Crowds of people are flocking to the place nightly, most of them out of curiosity on account of the wonderful stories that are abroad. No one knows much of the antecedents of the rev. gentleman, who seems to combine the preacher, mesmerist, and spiritualist all in one. After 'tie ordinary service, at which he holds forth at great length, a limited number of persons are invited to enter an ante-room " to receive the Holy Ghost." By performing a number of mesmeric passes, and apparently calling to the spirit world for assistance, he makes a number of people fall from their seats on to the floor and roll underneath the benches, apparently unconscious; during which time the rev. gentleman declares " that the Holy Ghost has entered into them and taken posession of their whole being." More mesmeric passes and antics follow, after which the individual operated upon suddenly recovers mysterious consciousness, and is said to have become converted. On Monday evening last no fewer than five individuals were lying on the floor at one time, and the benches had to be removed before they restored. On Wednesday night an indignant mother, whose son had been operated upon by the reverend gentleman, was clamouring outside the chapel-door with a poker in her hand, and it took a number of people to prevent her entering the buildiog and committing an assault. Since then then the " rev." gentleman has ceased to " convert" the people of Langiey by the methods indicated, but be explains the whole matter to very large audiences. A number of simple people put great faith in this itinerant evangelist, but on the whole he has not been well received, and he intends closing his mission at Langley. STOCK MOVEMENTS.—10,000 mixed merino sheep Iroin Tumut to Moulamein, Camming and M'Vean, owners ; £500 mixed merino sheep from Bowna to Tefrie, Bagau River, W. J. Lvne ; 2 shorthorn cows and 2 heifers from Cdlac to Berry Jerry, Andrew L itch. Professor (roused by violent ringing in the dead of night)—" Well, what is it. ? What's the matter ?" Student—" One of your windows is open." Professor—* Which one f' Student—" The one you are looking oat of." 