Tile ,4hiost. About tho year 1850 I was on one of our English India ships bound from Boston to Calcutta. We arrived off the Cape of Good Hlope with fair weather to that point, but every one was on the lookout now for a blow fromn some quarter. The pervious evening one of the lookouts during the midwnatch had insisted ho had seen thle FYlgig .Douohman, anti every one knows that when that is the case a blow or bal weather in some shape is sure to come. And come it did with a vengeance, for tbo very next night the wind died down to a canlm, then suddenly jumped out from the nor'west butt-end first. Six of the old tars went tumbling up the weather main rigging, and were urged on by the gruff voice of the second mate, a thorough old sea.dog, who sang out, "Come, bear a hand there, you lobbers, and got on deek again i" And on deck they were againsooner than he or the men expected; for juast as tboey showed their beads over the "top" a deep sepulchral voice called out, "Blows bard, Jack I" They were staggered, and for an in. statot hesitated, when again the fearful voice repeated, "Blows bhad, Jack l" That was enough; their superstitious fears overcoam them, nld they did not stop till the deck was reacled. By tils time the Captain and mate wore on deck, old were astonished to see six of tile best men on tihe ship come tumbling down, while tho(onin-top-gallantsall and royal were slotting ill te buntlines as though they would blow away at every lotp. "Wlbat's tbe matter] Why didn't you furl those sails"Psaid tie Captain. " Matter enough," said an old salt. "Youe don't get me in that main.top to- night. I wouldn't give much for anyone waho goes np, either, for I not only saw the ghost, or what ever it is, but heartd him talk." This was too much for the old skipper. Tihe idea of losing all his sails because there was a ghost in tile main-top was too much for him, so he called for volunteers, and started op the rigging, followed by his two mates only. Not anotheLr man would go. Those who had been up had seen and heard enough, and those wreo hadn't did not care to risk it. Well, the old skipperand his mates fared no bet ter tlan tie men, for hardly had their heads reached over the " tp rim " tllan, in the same awful, blood.curdling totes, came to their ears the words, '" Ilows hard, Jack I" and there, right in tie "dnublils" of the mast, the Captain caught sight of two glar ing eyes, and a long white arm reached down as if to clutch hlit, and down they all scam pered to the deckas fast as their legs would take them. About daylight the steward discovered that a pct parrot belonging to theskipper had es. caped from his cage, and was gone, probably blown overboard and lost in the gale. Polly lhad, however, by lard work, managed to alight in thie main-top, where sheo had stowed herself in the " dublins " of the mast, anti was holding on for dear life until sho was rescued in tihe morning. oT'iho mtain.top.gallnnt studding.sail was lasted in the weather top.mast rigging, and the clew had blown adriIt, and happeced to flop down at the Captain as he went over the " top" in the black darkness, and so was easily m1gnfined into a ghostly arm, and Polly into the frightful ghost. 