THE G4 1 EE R.Y BOY h'hu. Thp'-I didn't, tell ye, Jack, I like ; all the .other liig bugs connected with the profesh gave the Hennings,/ committee the tip thiftiny'services were at their call. . Oh ! you ine"ednj.t/giggle.:! jMy?boy, ,theyg jumped at 'em, and I had just the thing to do that suited me to a T.„ I .was fixed ., to run messages between the two . theatres, , and, that'gaye me a .chance to, haye a peep at bits ofbofhithe bills. You ain't-. 'been at a mat tar nee lias'y'e;1 Jhck?' I hadn't 'been at'abig 'mi 'afore;' and- I .tells yoiV tiiere a'wor til seeinV Dud. talks about, soiiie 'e's seen at; 'ome, but: lie admits . Saturday's knocked 'em all into a cocked hat, and it was. a big go- for me to be at, 'em; both. . The .Royal was. pricked, 'oept in them front stalls,' and ititlhibst settled me when I had a look through the peep hole .on .the prpmpt . side, at the front of the house. And, my boy, behind eyqry- think went like, clockwork, and: just .you ininj the different shows, tlie: changes; in. the stage settings, ..and the crowd of people there were; - Darned if' I know what I liked best of the lot p iill o' theiiV did their rippingest, but I fancy that,, Toothpick— Eh? Oh : I mean the Pickwick business took thecake. Wliataniake- up Jamiie Williamson had as the cove on the bench, and he got a bit chaffed about the races, and other weaknesses. 'Ear 'ear ! for Thornton' he was in great form himself, and he got the sketch to go like the switchback railway. I 'adn't much time at t-lie PrincesSjj, but what I did cop was jolly fine, I tell ye, Jack, aiid it all went off splendid. , Oh ! the' sugar business is all right. The coves, as is lookin' after that fake can't calculate 'xactly as yet, but they say as 'ow Hennings 'ill find that his friends and admirers have sympathised with him in a practical way to the extent of well on to £1000. I likes that sort of thing, ye know, Jack. Seed Fred. Maccabe a trottin' about 'tother day, and a manager chap from 'ome nanied Wyndham, who's come ouc to have a look around. Fred isn't any younger, father says, than he was when he first visited Australia nine years ago. He's come over from India, where the fever skeered 'im and the missus, but with the exception of two shows he ain't to appear in Melbourne just yet. Dad knows Wyndham as a pal. with ,a cove Howard, in the running of shows in Edinburgh, Glasgow, and Newcastle ; and as a chip of the old bloke, has done a fair bit of play-actin'. 'Ope 'ell 'ave a look in 'ere. Darned shame none, of 'em theatres 'as put on a new show this week. If it 'adn't been for the Hennings event, where would me and you 'ave been, Jack. We're quite on the rocks ; but we'll have, a grand tuck in next week. Four fresh bills at least ! Crickie ! 'Hawful sorry I am that Bland Holt ain't hit it with "Union Jack." There ain't a better likedman in the profesh dad says, than Bland, and they're all down right disappointed the drama isn't a stayer. Fancy 'em a wliisperin' aroung that Bland will drop a double monkey over it. They're agoin to revive " The World " to-night, and I 'opes as liow it'll be the turning point in the ole man's luck. Some of the boys was a speakin' about the 'ouses at the Princess bein' a lot sick just now. Shouldn't .wonder, anyhow. We're all awaitin' summit new and " Erminie " is a bit off as both, ain't it, jack ? Oh yes ! Billy Elton is all over the shop, but graft as he likes, one cove can't make a whole show. . Them Pirates as as an ankeriii' after tlie girls, and a regular down on the coppers come a pryin' around on Saturday ; and they may be agoin' to trot out the new hoppera after that. The 'ole crowd scoot on tour them. 'Eard as 'ow George Leitcli is hawfull ill atBallarat; 'ad a hoperation. Teddy Royce skips to Sydney,' to . give 'em the panto, at Easter. Anson's 'ere from; the same place. The names of the firm's new people are said to be, J.' H. ;'Clynds, Arthur Bucklaw, Mr. and Mrs. Bolton, Mr.- and Mrs., Stevenson, W. H. Calvert, Mrs. Calvert, and 0; F. Temple, i Big liiiz.' is being done by Miln, and lie's caught on 1 great juclging by the 'buses 'es a 'avin', and the receptin' 'e gets. You bet 'e's popular, his Richard is j iisiTlil le ' ilicl " to please ' tall host of the " people " as goes to the theatre. Don't 'e take the most .out of that scene where he - -.chucks up tlie ghost. ; Deiieed 'arcl work, you bet. '-Another apenny and hup goes the monkey ! Hup goes something new at the Alexandra on Saturday. They ain't a satisiied witli ''Every ; man for liimself" drawing strong, they / are agoin in for new things frequent," and May Holt's tother— she's a lot of tothers — diania Men and Women is to be given for a while. They says is a stunner. Goin' ! goin' ! ! gone ! ! ! Yes, Thornton's gone from the Bijou, and is to move, about with, his pals and r paliesses for a year.. Harry St. Maur is ..on the graft \ to- night. iii "Bootle's Baby," a 'Ha I button burster they saj. : The Hicks Minstrels', are hofffroin St. Georges 'All to Adelaide; the Vie. ' 'as its usual kind of bill;; Lincoln's 011 the job again to-night at the Hatheiueum. . ! ' Say,'. Jack1, whisper— that's all! Sold! Ta' ta' ! ( > fc I 