Religion and Philanthropy. Much ,Work, Little Time; Bs Rev. 0. H. Spubwon. Whatsoever thy-tmnd flndeth to do, do it with thy might j for thero is no work, nor device, nor knowledge, nor wisdom in tho grave, whither thou goest.—Eccles. ix. 10. • ... Tho pith of. the text lies'fn the thought— namely, that there'is an argument to' every earnest Christian for intense zeal in tho faot of . the oertain approaoh of doath; "for these is no work, nor devioe, nor knowledge, nor wisdom, in the grave, whither thou goest." Unless the Lord shall .come, we shall all die, and that qniokly. Life at the longest is very short. When I oonsider how many olaims there are upon a Christian, and how mnoh a loving heart dseires to do, and then think how short is the . spaoe of time into whioh he most need orowd all, . I am depressed in spirit, hnt sternly resolute to condense mnoh work into small spaoe. ' . The heathen said,' 'Art iB long, and life is short," bnt I will venture to alter the sontence and say, " The service of God is long, and life is short," far too short to perforin all our desire. What then, is the argument from the; shortness of life but just this: Work for God with all your might, Jf you haTo so little time waste none of it. If there be so small a spaoe entrusted to thee, suffer no wastes and by-ends, but Gil np the narrow spaoe with precioUB things—gold, silver, and precionB stones—holy works done in earnest for Jesus Christ. The workgirl sat In her little room, and her fingers flew as she passed the needle rapidly, because she had but that tiny bit of candle, and feared her task might prove longer than her light; may we not also fear that our work for Jesus may prove mater than the time in which, we may per form it? Bemember solemnly that life may end at any moment. How suddenly death acmes across our path! It came almost into my houBe one ! morning, for I was scarcely risen from my bed, before I was told that a little ohild belonging to my coachman had died in an instant, though it had seemed to he in perfeot health the moment before. The thonght came to me with power, " It might have been the master instead of the servant's ohild." I know no more reason why it should have been the tittle one than myself. Sadden death has perhaps come as near to yon lately. It is not a very nnnsnal thing to aee death in the street in such a city as this, or to hear of it'inthe common talk of the day! Hy friend, would you tike.to die this moment? "No," say you, "I have many things I wonld wish to finish." Finish them, brother, finish them at once. Set thine house in order, for thou moat die and not live. " I should tike to have prayed with my children mora earnestly than '1[ have*: ever done," I imagine someone to say.*Go home' and do' it,' for yon may never have another opportunity. " I should like to have my Sunday sohool class aronnd me once more before I die, to tell them about the Saviour more earnestly than I did this afternoon," says another.; Dear brother, dear sister, avail yourself of your next opportunity in the class; teach as thongh yon might never teach again/ flay to yourself, " What is there I have left undone P I will do it immediately. What is there that is half done that wants finishing? I most finish it at onoe. What is there that I have done so badly that if I went to heaven I might almost wish to come baok to set it right ? Let mo finish it now. What is there that I should like to atetnd ? Let me make amendsnow." I have read of the great Dr. Chalmers that one evening he stayed with a company of friends at a gentleman's honse, and they spent the evening, as we are too mnoh in the habit of doing, very pleasantly, hnt. not very profitably, talking upon general subjects, not at all to be forbidden, bnt at the same time not much to he commended. There was among the number a Highland ohief, who had attraoted Dr. Chalmers's notice, and be bad talked with him, bnt nothing was said about the things of God. . In the middle of the night a bitter cry was heard ia the hospitable habitation, and there was a ruBh to the bed room, where it was found that the Highland ohief was in the agonies of death. Dr. Chal mers expressed his bitter regret that he had allowed that last evening of the man's life to pass over without having spoken to him con cerning the things of God. Such a regret may have ooeurred to ouiselvea. Do not let it occur again. If yon do not die, tho person whom yea are concerned about may die. Therefore, " whatsoever thy hand findetb to do, do it," for death may come on a sudden. Bemember solemnly that while we have been •peaking in this tabernacle we have been speed ing a part of our allotted time. Every time the olook ticks our time grows less, and less, and less. I have a great love for old-faBhioned boor-glasses, because they make yon see the time go, as ths sands run. I remember in lfilan cathedral seeing the sun travel along tbe eeliptio line on the floor of the cathedral, and I realised time's oeasoloss motion. Every minute our life-oandies MP shorter; every pulse makes the numbcw of pulses less. _ Quick, then, man; quick' Deatii is behind thee, Canst thon not hoar his footfall P He pursues thee as the hound its prey. Quiok! Qniok with thy work and thy service, for soon may his skeleton hand be laid upon my shoulder, to palsy thy hand of skill, and silence thy tongue of eloquence for ever. And let ns recollect that when wo die, there U no return to the field of labour. I hare known persons (and this is talking- about a Tory oommonplaoo thing, but it may bo a very useful thing to some of you) I have known < husbands who moant to mako their wills in a proper way, and to provido for their wives as they should do, but they have died, and the will has been left unmade, and tho fntnro life Of the wife has-boon foil-of sorrow whioh might'have been avoided by the propor and timely use of the pen. Do not leave anything rndono which ought to he dono; leave nothing pdoae whioh may be for the good of for 'oa oaonot come back to do It. Anything you have to do for tho glory of God, got it.done at onoe, for yofi will not be able to return when yon have passed away from the world. Ifanoy for a moment how l should Pr®™* y°u, if I should die to-night, and ehonld he aUowed to oome baok to preach to you once more. I know how yon would listen. It would be a very strange sermon, -but you would catch ovary word, I am Bure. 1 know how I Bhould preaoh; I.Bhonld.say: "Blessed bo God for letting mo oomo baok to have one more trial with my unconverted hearers for per haps they may yet be led to Joans." I do not think I would have anything to say to you who are converted that morning, if I had that oppor tunity. I should leave the ninety and nine and go after the sheep that is gone astray. I should preach to the lost one, and salt my words with tears and burn my lips with flaming love. Yet that is exactly how we ought topreaoh always. Now put it to yourselves, dear friends. If you had to die and were permitted to come back to speak onoe more to -your ohildren, to your neighbours, to your Sunday school doss, or to anyone else oommitted to your care, how would you address them ? Do it just that way now, with.the same ardonr, zeal, and tender ness. Do you Bay yonoannot ? That is very likely. Ask God to help you. His grace waits to aid you ; it is what you want, and what you must have in order to succeed. Seek' it, seek it at His hands I implore you, who giveth liber ally and upbraideth not. In such fashion must everyone of us go about the work allotted to us, because there is no work, nor device in the grave to which we are journeying. Our text has a peculiar bearing upon some persons. Hay I be happy enough to oateh their ears. There-are persona here present, perhaps who have a very heavy charge upon them, and to them the text speaks. I am one of that company. With the ohureh, the college,. and the 1 -orphanage, and I- know : not what besides, I near a voice—" What soever thy hand findeth> to do, do it with thy might." It would ill become' me to loiter; Above all men I must labour. Some of you have wealth; permit the text to speak to you also': " Whatsoever thy hand fiudeth to do, do it with tby might," for thou canst not take thy money with thee, neither canst thou serve God with it when thou art gone, "for there is no work, nor devioe, nor knowledge, nor wisdom, in the grave, whither thou goest." Some of you possess much influence; for you are large employors. And I know some—I need not go into details—whom God has plicedin peculiar poeitions, whero they lead and guide the minds of otherB. I charge you by the living God, do not let the blood.of any man's soul be on your skirts. By the precious blood that bought yon, -I beseech you, if the Lord has trusted you with ten talents, put them out to interest, lest a ten fold judgementcomeupon you. Iknownothowto speak as I would, but I feel 1 am speaking most of all to myself here. I charge thee, O my heart, he faithful to thy trust. It were batter for me that .1 had never been born than to preaoh to these peoplo*oareleesly or to keep baok any part of my Master's truth. Bettor'to have been a devil than a preacher playing fast and loose with God's Word, and by aneh means working the ruin of the sonls of men. To other preachers, 1 say what I have said to my self, and to each one of whom God has putin solemn charge—Bee to it that what He gives you to do, you do with all your might. Next,II speak to those of you who are ad vanoed in years. If you have hitherto dono much for Christ, be thankful for it. But if you have not, if you have loitered, oh, my dear brethren, may I, your minister, and sin cere friend, take you by the hand and say, dear brother, there can he for you here, in the order of nature, but a short time in which to serve God. Do immediately with all jour might what you can do. Let your last days if they have not the vigour of your youth, at any rate, have a yet more eager dosire fon God's glory. It would seem a Btrange thing for a man to get nearer to heaven and to be less heavenly, minded, to be more ripe for glory as to his age, and to be less mature in graoe. O that we may live while ye live, and bear a good testi mony for Christ your Lord during fife's even tide. Do I speak to those who have been lately converted and are past middle ago f At what rate, my dear brothers and sisters, ought yon to live? Bemtmber, Martin Luther was con verted quite iu the middle life, hut he did a great work before he died," and many a distin guished servant of God has begun late, but has worked well and made a good day's work of it before his sun went down. There is no reason why you should not oopy ths example. I would aUo speak to those who have been the subjeots of -high impulses and noble thoughts, There are ohoice spirits in the world, into whose ears the Holy Ghost whispers grand designs suoh as Hs does not reveal to all men. Hore and thero He finds a soul that He makes congenial to Himself, and then He inspires it with groat wishes; deep longings, and grand designs for glorifying God. Do not quoncb-ihcm, brother; do not starve them by holding them baok, but aa death is ooming, do what is in thee, and do it- • with thy might. No man knows what God moans to- do through--his agenoy, for oftentimes the very feeblest havo conceived the greatest purposes. John Pounds and his ragged- school who was John Pounds ? A poor cobbler. BobertEalkes withhiBflnnday- sohool—whowas Bobert Bakes? Nobody in particular, hut nevertheless Sunday sohoola have oomo to somothing. You may havo a sublime ooncop tion in your soul. Do not strangle it: nnrso the heaven-born thought for God, and the first opportunity you oin find, carry out the idea to its praotioal issues, and throw your might into it I think that surply thero must ba some young Christian hero who loves hisMaster, and who moans to do something for Him before he dies. Brother, '1 what thou doest do quickly.' Do I not address some young man of a noble spirit who feels, "I oould be wealthy, I could gain a position in my profession, I could beoomo famous, and get houour. for my self, hut from this hour I will lay all down at tho foot of the cross, and lay mjBelf out for the good of souls and tho glory of God. Give ; pie thy band, my brother, for thou and I are of • one mind in this. Bat go and do it. Bo not dream, but "work..Do not liaten to tlie sirens which would enchant thee by their moaio and draw theo from the rough eea of duty, only that they may destroy thee. Launch forth in God's name, yield thyself up to the winds of heaven, and . they will" hear thee on in the course of devoted service. The Lord help thee to do. with thy might what thou findest to do. And, lastly, there is a peculiar voice in the' text to those who. will'die in the next few days "those here present, I say, who will die within the next few. days, it Well,'J say you, ''and who are they?''- Ah, dear friend, that I can not tell you. It may be the Bpeakor, and it may be you into whose eyes the speaker's eyes are gazing now. Here are within this house while I am speaking, not Ibss I suppose than 6,000 persons; and, acoording to the averages of human life, a certain nnmber of us will, in all probability, be in another world within a short space of time—Bay within a year. Yes, and to Bomeone of us the Angel of Death may be sent to-night 1 Now, to. that man or to that woman the voice of the toxt iB very strong —" Whatsoever thy hand findeth to do, do it with thy might." . Thou hast only three days to live; thou hast only, a week to live; thou hast only a fortnight to live; thou hast only three weeks to live, finish then, thy labour for the Lord. "Ah," you say, "if I were that man, I should most certainly bo very busy the next three weoks, and very earnest in prayer.'.' As you do not knowbnt what you may be tbat man, go act in such a manner. Set your house in order, draw near to God; seek to glorify -His name ; live in the bosom of ChriBt, and whether yon die or not, it will make no difference to you; for you to live will be Christ, and to die will be gain, and so you will be satisfied whichever way it may be. Oh, brethren, we have not, most of us, begun to live yet.. I feel very often like the chicken in the shell, whioh has chipped its shell a little, and began to see there iB a great world "outside. We havo not as yet begun to serve God as He ought to be served. : The Divinely born man hood within us, thi" Divine life which God in fuses, is it not sadly clegged and hampered ? Hay God set us free, and raise us up to the highest standard of consecrated life, and His shall be the praise for evermore. 