Tr.ttOURNE LETTER. nit1 " Friday. \- i -veek it would-be a sort of lsC<,rmT0 write about politics. No .lttn»c) jp„st interest i.i anything e lake3 But it nl3Y W0>A,V wl'ile 4iel'0Ises"t. as the municipalities ure ted in this, question, that 'Vljiction is likely to be the cor- :,arjt P- , the Local Government rl t Bill will not be proceeded ssion It is true the group f11 has pa sed a resolution urging deret Premier the desirability : of & 1 )e endowment question at once, r a hie prospect there is of that edbl the fact that Mr- Gillies, after dinner the other evening, iSSiOr . J not be practicable to deal M Question before Parliament ad- 65 1 and th"t Mr Cameron, who, as is supposed to know some- ''?PT)iia leader's mind, suggested at \- rence kl> k tke Bil1 sll0U'd, n0t 1,e 'TV.)i>» dns session, hut that the liti-s should look it over in re- of assisting the Govern-. s (run-' a more Perfeck measure, ' Ln their pr sent proposals I the conference appomted a depu- ffalC upon the Premier to urge , of the majority. You may it a sure thing that they will he >a iv informed that most certainly "pihrill he proceeded with' 'tlais sesl -uand there is much virtue in tin eucics of public business per- ;' l Council Mr Service is develop- ; " j-Tesaire attitude he rarely exlii- ' a member of the Assembly, \- " iv towards a certain section of his jaembers but to the President. ' ) q war-horse doesn't seem to take ' ' to the society of those who have) 'ccridered as unfit for-battle. His i ' , on fiedncsdiiy night in support of-' Hon of M ®rs J . Noble Wilson j p Wanli s, of Ballarat, praying 1 !refi of what ' they considered a <i jufj they suffered under three 'y&ars; ' \ fhe hands of the Elections and ions Committee, betrayed a con- \- J'e "mount of irritation lie scarcely to conceal. Certainly, the E. (i did jump J an Crow a" Bit' ait "that I but « I was present throughout the i iij.T) I can assure you that - the 1 wainst the return of Mr Gore '-had the ghost of a show. But >. a-ri-o President ruled the petition out ''-j on the ground that the decision) -3-- Elections and Qualifications Com- was bj the law of Parliament ; 1 lit service visibly chafed, but Sir- : knows has to keep his foot down -p-'s planted, and when lie announced s fwouly way by which the House "f i the question under review was rlnintiiKTa motion that it disaorrbed" . lis mints. even Sir William" -Clarke- jl-nirom that beauty sleep lie daily sjS ii the Chamber. To disagree with ifeaf of the best dinner-aiver in the t Club tint would have iudsed ? fa iconoclasm. ;'atilhns of dmner-giving reminds sJ-fii; society is just now wrestling with surfeit of sensuous indulgence. A ml letet, of Carnival, week has p: ailed the departure of the Lochs', result is that people whose orbit ferine upper circles scarcely can find fe to dress. Luncheons, dinners, supT g|iwve been succeeding each "other at ||i pace that digestion shrinks appalled Ijihe prospect ; and not content with p some gastronomical friend has car- rom the idea of invitation breakfasts. Hare expected to these) at .'any time p a ninemi ten— variously fixed on da— morning costume being worn, s, and you are treated by your !") i exactly those things which at the ggpp meal of the day nobody Hb est. Curries, patis, lobr |Hpd soups — and, to my fancy, Hps noonday is intolerable— gfalney and liver, fish— and you Igjaanber we never taste'freah fish ®Htne, all that we can buy being ilp than four to six hours old, and ®|j»sreat deal more — eggs boiled, |SI-;ii poached, f ied and caramelled, || =5iUs of liam, the broiled bone of |j| irsptit.g chicken, and a variety- of 1| S& which one may digest at night | wfine, but are insufferable in the III -It of the day, form the stable of || -'puts. What does it all amount |p ;i Lochs must be entertained and 1 1 twd "send off," is the cry, and fM -wlhry planets in tlieir sphere, j|f Mai Lords and Lordlings, have K ®'ied, too. With what Roman ||i v ®'lese duties are performed yon |g -a% the fact that at the dinner ® 7 the Melbourne Club to Sir HI ""ei wnd the auxiliary Governors ggtstlay, wh- reat covers were laid Hlred and twenty guests, there o vacant chairs. The strain resognised society entertainers BgflJ severe, but it must be borne. aggl;®15 "Wat retain a kindly recollec- |||£ Australian hospitality. Then we te)4oilr plumes and, in the lively |g| urn of even better to come, give |s voting to the Hopetoun's. Cop, the Cup; nothing but the :i>been the cry for the last few jg|| Rrjbotly, high and low, rich 1 have gone racing mad. wpl? 7 people are reported to have jjPyjteSrivation Army picnic ; but j ? compared to the: scores llfC;3 who were on Flemington Pgf® .on Tuesday ? Right and day, the sun to the going Kit/01' lt; lla? 0en ie same thing ; cl agam. I know of scores Wlto I?tle frpor' rejoice and bo ' when the racing carnival V n,!?kters have setded down '.n 'heir normal condition. Wjjlk. - be the dwellers in the llllbisV113. T'or these the last Bw 1RQO been a rei8n of terror- must have brought an Cr0wr' of desperate rascals -for pr 'm ab sides come gill-,., K rinS burglaries. " But is -a ot stopping this tort of n(l"lr0d the other day of a B)WP Ce officer- "None," was il!||<;;i 10 ePb"- "Everyone knows in ;l, ,ert,la,U'ed ; but even if it Bh ' Ul1 strength, it could not .. Ppte with the excess of 'nt_the city each year at ,, is the dark side of the Melbourne. <1, v n ccrrespondent you have a a Wend who really and n... me winner of the Mel- llllt-'a whoso friend related mM Brj . m' That was at the Bsivirr0 Wassa-id to be lame, or, SB' ll'h Par'auce, " dead to the friend impressed on llti!%l j,; y f backing his dream to scorn, but not out of K '» i support the result of SBi; office iv" Plour aS I16 came WjSmi tir,(„s Mth a plethoric, apoplectic a . me value of £500. As . 0 nie l,e laughed — I didn't. Wimfi. . ,®"e else will dream the mi tempted to back it, fe'come off. bon»i,f P 'be land boom city IwliWr. iUcb kerrific prices that W6re .omPelled to build 'btiej 6v e'"bt, nine, ten and PPINl. 80. As may easily be I® as so«r<i3uds this state of ||te e extraordinary arcliitec- 1 1 al development. In .-Collins-street for instance, there is one large place that has been christened the ' Bride Cake." That is because the outside has been done in bright red brick and white stucco. The Windows are light in tracery and many in number, and the whole is surmounted by just; tnatkind of ornamentation, adornin the confectionery with which newly -mar- ried people will Deraisfc in mn.Vi-ntr friends and acquaintances so ill. Other buildings are thin and tail, for all the world like a cornstack. But it hav re mained for the latest addition to Elizabeth Street, to cap them all. The architect of this has so economised space, that a fairly tall man walking in at the front door with a tall hat on, will be certain to . have the crown of the latter smashed. And yet, for premises like these, the most exorbitant rents will be asked. Many, of your readers will, doubtless, know the Hon. J. G. Doughartv, head of the firm of Dougliarby, Son, and Parker. They will , regret to hear that for some days past that gentleman lias been lying dangerously' ill at his residence in St- Hilda. Mr Dougliarty is one of our earliest colonists, and has been connected with --the -stock- and station-interest for a sufficient number of years to constitute a decent age for a colonial born. He also held a seat in the Legislative Council for "some years, was one of tlie earliest menlbers of the Yiofcoria Racing Club", and iri other directions : has been a prominent public man. i-Ifis understood that but for tlie indisposition' for the past few months "that lias culminated in his present serious illness, 'Mr Ddugliarty would have continued a series of valuable letters on the pleuro-pneumonia question. Cup day is likely to bring trouble to one junior officer in Her Majesty's service. I hear that a young gentleman attached to a certain warship asked for and was refused permission to go ashore to see the | Cup. That, determined to see it, lie took " French leave further, that, careful as he was, he had the misfortune on the course to meet face to face" the very officer yrho refused him leave. That is the kind of thing they are not inclined to look over easily in the Imperial service. ' Love not only rules the camp, the court and the grove but also holds its sway in tlie mansions of wealthy contractors. A nice little bon-bon for the scandal-mongers is that marriage between the daughter of one of our largest contractors, and her father's coachman. One paper describes it as an elopement. But that is a mistake. There was not tlie slightest -three-volume yellow-back novel romance about it. The lady, long before she came of age, told her parents she would marry the man of' her choice. And she did. Both her parents, it is reported, are so furious that she rfins but little chance of inheriting any of their large wealth. But this is a contingency that does not seem' to trouble the lady in the least. Can as much' be said for the bridegroom? 