Marooned. By W. CLARK RUSSELL. Chaptee XXIX.— A STARTLING APPARI TION. There was a second man in the boat, a negro also. He lay dead in the bottom, a dreadful sight, naked to the waist, and clothed with a pair of sailor's old drill trousers, the right leg discoloured by many blood stains. He was twisted, as though his spine was broken, with his breast partly turned towards the stern of the boat, whilst bis knees, which were drawn up, pointed forwards, and his face stared straight up, the eyes open like dull glass, and the skin of that indescribable sort of greenish ashen hue which death contrives as a complexion for the dead black man. Tbe other fellow was on his back, as he had fallen, with his head in the bottom of the boat, and his legs over the thwart. He still breathed ; but 1 noticed the foam gathering upon his lips even as I looked on for a moment or two at this terrible picture. He was dressed in a soldier's or marine's coat, a doth round about his loins, and his attenuated cucumber shanks naked ; an old ragged Scotch cap clung to his woolly head. It would be impossible for me to tell you how this little ocean tragedy was heightened by the element of the grotesque* in it. There was no sail in the boat, no breaker that might have held water, no hint of the miserable blacks having sailed or been blown away with so much as a bite of biscuit. The oars were scarcely more than paddles, and evidently had not belonged to the little fabric. She was black outside, painted white within ; clearly, as 1 had thought at the beginning, a ship's quarter-boat. The words Prince William were painted in small black letters on her stern, inside of her. Miss Grant over hung the craft in a posture of pity and horror. . ' This poor fellow in the bows is still alive,' she cried. ' I see that he is,' said I ; ' we will help Lim in an instant ; but the value of this boat signifies the worth of our lives, and we most make her a bit securer yet. Please pull at this rope as I pull.' I handed a bight of the line in the bowB to her, and then put my head on the gunwale at the head, and to gether we ran her another few feet out of the water, the wet keel and bottom of her slipping readily enough up the ivory-like grit of the Band. All. this was done as swiftly as I can write it. I then jumped into the boat ; and with some trouble, for he was an exceedingly heavy man, I raised the negro on to the thuvrt, and sec his back against the mast. His head lolU«t uimhis shoulder like that of a person hanging. Ilti3jfced.it me with a gleam of intelligence in the Lf t of hi i Llcod shot eyes, and his lips moved, but the raciest rattlo of noise trembled through the foam that filled his nnuth. He raised his hand and pointed to his thioal. '?Why, of course!' cried I; 'I must havo Icon mad not to perceive it The poor fellow U dying of thirst. Will you get some water, whilet 1 kcq him propped up here r' She was off in a bound like a stag, and n tho bt Icf ^t imaginable time returned with a preset ved incit-tin / i full of water, which I put to the negro' a HpB ; but the moment he tasted the cold of it against hie mouth a frenzy seized him. He grasped the tin, throwing me from him with a jerk of hie elbow that was like to have broken my back for me against the gunwale, and, utter ing a strange throaty cry that made one think of the yell of a hunted negro to the first leap of a bloodhound upon him, he drank the whole of the water at one draught— a full quart, as I should reckon, for the tin was a big one— let drop the vessel, flinging both his hands against bis breast in the manner of a man furiously striking himself, stood bolt upright with a most mad and murderous look in his eyes as they met mine, ere they rolled right up till yon saw nothing but the crimsoned whites of them, and then without a groan fell backwards across the other body and lay motionless. I looked round at Miss Grant. ' The draught has killed him, I fear,' said I. She turned away her head, with her hands over her eyes. I kneeled down and grasped the poor wretch's wrist, that showed like a bit of ebony forking out of the ragged, sleeve of the red coat, but could feel no pulse. I then felt the arm of the man beneath him, designing to gather if he lived, but instantly twitched my fingers away from the clammy chill of the unmistakably dead flesh. I next soaked a handkerchief in salt water, plucked the Scotch cap off the head of the man who had fallen, and bathed his brows, but nothing followed. Once a movement as of muscular contraction went in a twitch through him, but the drop of the jaw told me all I needed to learn. It was proper, however, that I should let him lie for a whilo to make sure that he was dead, and so I stepped ashore ; and to still further secure this precious gift that had come to us, I curried the end of the painter, which was a good long length of coir rope, with the strands at the extremity showing that it had parted, to a tree which stood near the head of the creek,' and ' secured it, then withdrew with Miss Grant to the shelter of some tufted heads of the cocoa to sit down and rest, and think a little, and wait to observe if the man had actually expired. My companion was greatly overcome. The appear ance of the negro, the white foam blanching his purple lips, and the short, stubborn hair under his nose and chin, the deeper horror that was put into his anguish by the absurdity of his apparel, the sudden ness of his rising, the frightf ulness of his collapse after he had drained the tin, with a swing of his hands to his heart, and the terrifying glare of his eyes, had proved so overwhelming s. picture, with the unexpected ness on top of it besides of the body in the bottom of the boat, that she could scarcely raise her head ; shudders went through her, and 1 feared she would faint. Dreadful indeed it was ; but the pitifulness of it, I am almost ashamed to say, was largely qualified to my mind by the transport of joy with which I viewed the boat, and understood that the. time of our de liverance—a chance not to have been dreamt of two or three hours before— had come to as. It needed but a very brief spell of thinking to arrive at how this thing had happened. As one who had used the ocean, I could not fail to see it all clearly and quickly. In fact the parted strands of the coir line told me the tale. It was no painter, but such a rope as a boat would ride astern of a ship by. It had broken, maybe, in the gale that had stormed over us two nights before, and the boat had gone adrift with these negroes in her, without a sail, with a rudder that was without a tiller, without water, and without food. I waited for some time, and went to the boat to have another look at the man, and then hid appearance per suaded me that he was dead. I was heartily grieved that this should have been so, for now that he lay at rest he showed, methought, a very bland and honest countenance, besides being of a most muscular and , robust make ; and I felt that had he lived he might have proved of the utmost use to us, not as a pilot only, and as one perhaps who would know the situation of this island and its name, but as an assistant to help me to rig the fabric and navigate her. However, the truth lay before me ; and -I suppose these hard island expe riences of ours having rendered me extremely prosaic and matter-of-fact in directions which at another time would have stirred all the sentiment in me to its depths, I determined to deal with the bodies without ado. So looking around me, I picked up two good big stones, one of which I secured to the body of the man who had just died by the cloth round about his middle, whilst £ attached the other to the second body in a manner I need not describe ; then without saying a word to Miss Grant, who Bat watching me, clearly understanding my intentions, I unhitched the line from the tree, shoved the boat afloat, and sculled her clear of the creek where the water was deep, and tumbled the bodies overboard. It was as odious a bit of neces-ary work as ever mortal man could put his hand to. Hot as the sun was, the job made me feel as cold as if the chill of an English November night were upon me ; but I breathed more freely when 1 came to scull myself back to the shore, and when I stepped out with the end of the line in my hand, the earlier emotion of joy that the possession of the little craft had raised was again so active in my heart that I could scarce hold myeelf from singing like a boy at the top of my voice. The morning was already advanced, and we had not yet broken our fast. I disliked the idea of turning my back upon the boat, lest on my return I should find her gone. However, her forefoot being hard and fast ashore, and the line in the bows secured to the trees, it was impossible that the flow of the tide in the creek could play me any ugly tricks with her ; so we walked to our underground chambers to get come breakfast. I remember that our repast consisted of cold turtle-steak, plantains, sweet oranges, and a draught of cold water from the brook. The stock of provisions that had been set ashore with us was now exhausted ; we had a small quantity of spirits left, but the biscuit, tongues, pre served meat, and the like, were gone. Such a breakfast as ours was hardly fare to grow fat on, but it was wholesome and cool, and perhaps the sort of food that nature intended for the use of such human beings as should live in thiB island. It seems to me that the properest food for the people who inhabit a country is that which grows good for' eating in it- Think of Broad water's bill of fare, for Stance, under such a dog-star as raged over the spot' of earth we had been marooned upon!— toast pork, massive sausages, turbid pea- soup, and the atmosphere all the while so hot that you heard the spikes and leaves and tendons of the breathless vegetation quivering with tingling noises like the faint crackling in burnt paper, or in a sheet of tin curling to the roasting glare of a furnace ! I was mighty sick of turtle, and so was Miss Grant, but then it was a sort of meat in its way, and combined to make out a meal of the fruit, which was too delicious to weary us. One helped the other, and rendered the whole diet nutritious ; and maybe it was the simplicity of the fare that kept us well. We had been a long three weeks upon the island, yet Miss Grant had never once uttered a complaint of indisposition, whilst for my part 1 was almost -unreasonably hearty in face of the heavy anxieties that weighed down my spirits.. 'Thank Godi' said I , with a look round the room, as I sealed 'myself with my companion to om leriten meal, ' we shall booh be taking a long farewell of this most melancholy haunt. It would ' have been strange indeed if . that ill wind' the other night blew us no good. A boat ie the next best thing to a ship.1' . ' How strange it is,' she exclaimed, 'to watch the working of the hand of fate ! Ashore, it is an influence, a hidden government ; but at sea it is as apparent as a billow, or the rising of a cloud. One saw that in the boat as she approached.- Fate waB at her helm ; and if I were an artist, and desired to materialise the conception of fate, and make it a virib'e thing, I should figure two people standing as we did, hopeless and imprisoned on this island, watching the boat coming out of the tiny blot it made in the far blue distance, gliding towards us without a swerve, with a final complete surrendering of itself to us, as it were, through the death of the two poor creatures in it.' Her fine eyes shone to the high religious mood that was in her. 'Little wonder,' she continued, 'that we Bhould always be saying God's hand is most plain on the deep. - The Ancient Mariner was not mad when he spied the little bark with Death on board gambling with a woman for human souls. The sea is to me so much mole wonderful than the land, that I believe I could credit any ama/.ing thing that should be related of it. Where else docs one come closer to one's Maker ? Oh, Mr. Musgrave, it seemed to me like seeing the Divine finger itself when I watched that boat snowing upon the calm sea, urged, as we know now, by dying hands.' She shuddered, and pressed her fingers to her temples. She had been over- taxed, nor was the horror wrought in her by the incident of the morning to be soothed by the deep excitement that (he opportunity for escaping from this island brought with it. Hysteria, I thought, was bound to dog the heels of such moralising as she had started on ; so there was nothing for it but to be blunt and prosaic, though, but for the fear I had that the humouring of the mood ehe was in would be bad for her, I could have listened all day. It was not so much what she said as the thoughts which lay behind her words, which spoke in her fuce, making her beauty eloquent with the rich fancies flushing to her delicate cheeks, and flashing a brighter light ^et into her eyes. ' 'We shall have to go to work briskly,' said I ; 'if all were prepared I would start at once.' She came back to herself with an effort, and brought her hands from her white brows with a faint smile, as if she understood what was in my mind concerning her. ' What is to be done, Mr. Musgrave, that I may know my share r' she asked. ' Well, first of all, we must victual the boat,' said 1 ; ' we have bottles enough for the storing of fresh water, and you can do a useful hour's work by hunting for the corks which we have drawn and thrown away, and fitting them to the bottles afresh. For food we must be content wiih the handsomest stock of craw-fish, fruit, and turtle that we can contrive. The boat wants a tiller. That is easily managed. She also wants a sail, which we fcball have to manufacture out of your shawls. I must likewise make a yard for the sail, which may be got from a bough off one of the fallen trees. This done, our business wili be to embark and head away west.' ' It is a iittlc boat for so great a sea,' she said, in a low voice. 'Ay.' said I, ' but then the film of land that was visible from the cross-trees of the Iron Crown is not too far distant for her to letch, and it will be mighty odd indeed if that streak of blue haze which the men talked about be not an inhabited island, with houses to lodge in, and the means of proceeding to Jamaica, which can't be far distent ; whence our next departure will be for Rio, and for Alexander.' She looked down suddenly, with the pearl of her teeth showing over the under-lip the slightly bit, then her eyes sought mine again with a soft gaze so full of inquiry that my heart seemed to stop for a breath, as though to catch the words that must* follow her look ; but she did not speak. I jumped up. 'I mast go to work now,' cried I; 'in -fact it frightens me to think of the boat, lying half dry as she is, being unwatched.' She rose too, with the air of one startled from deep thought. 'My business, then, said she, smiling, 'is t« look for corks, and fit them to the bottles.' . - 'If you please,' said I. For the rest of the day I worked very haid, stripped to my trousers and shirt, with my wide Btraw hat to shelter me, scarce intermitting my labour but to eat and drink, and obtaining quite fortitude enough out of the prospect of getting away from this island with Miss Grant, to enable me to defy the intense heat. I found amongst the fallen trees the very bough to serve iny turn, and. without much difficulty I severed it with my little taw, trimmed it of its leaves, and proportioned it to the size of. the required yard. L also cut a tiller for the boat. This work I was able to accomplish under the shelter of the trees. Mies Grant possessed several shawls of different textures and colours, and when she had collected the bottles, and gathered what corks there were to find, I set her tacking some of these shawls to gether into the shape of a sail, which fhe managed by perforating them with a bodkin, and then connecting . them with tape, of which she had a little parcel. She made no trouble over mutilating her shawls, though 1 cannot but think that the first thrust of her bodkin into them must have caused her a pang. I cut oft a short length of the coir-rope, and pot yarns enough out of it to convert into as many robands as were necessary to connect the head of our queer Bail to the yard. There was still plenty of line left for a tack and sheet and halyards, which I rove through a sheave in the head of the mast. My impatience gave me very great energy indeed. We had a good supply of freeh turtle, which needed boiling, and this, with other matters which it would only weary you to specify, gave my fair com panion plenty to do. I was resolved not to quit the island without being well stocked with food, for should it coine on to blow from the westward, 1 forestfw that our sail would not help us, that ve should not be able to lay up to the wind more than 6ix or seven points, so . that we should be blown away into the Atlantic east wards, where we might spend days without a view of a ship. My hope was too high, perhaps, to suffer me to contemplate such a probability as this with the least notion of its coming to pass, but my seafaring instincts governed me without my perhaps being very sensible of their influence, and I schemed, in a mechanical sort of way almost, so to provision the boat that you might have thought we intended to sail to England. When the cool of the evening came I plucked some hundreds of plantains and oranges, which I carefully stowed away in the little lockers aft that served as seats in the boat'B stern, and I then fired a torch and waded into the eea for crawfish in the manner I have before described, meeting with a more plentiful harvest than had at any other time happened to me, insomuch that I had to give up stooping and throwing them to Miss Grant through sheer aching of my back, though the sandy bottom was still black with the dusky, lizard-like shapes of the creatures crawling into the sheen, when I extinguished my torch to step ashore. I also provided the boat with a stock of cocoanute, but I never could discover a single .turtle's egg, spite of ray earnest exploring of .the sand for several nights running during those three weefes. We were wearied rather than sleepy when the dark ness was deepening into midnight. 1 here was a young . moon in the sky,, with a wire-like waving of silver un der her in the glooming sea, that spread very darkly to the stars. I had still several bundles of cheroots left, and lighting one of them, I brought our camp-stools close down to the wash of the ocean, where the sand stretched like ivory glimmering to the dusk, for the cool of the atmosphere upon the water, and to get away from the trees, in whose shadows the suffocating air of the day seemed to linger as though imprisoned. This was to be our last night on the island, and neither of us could think yet awhile of shutting ourselves up un derground. The phosphorescence of the water was shown by the light-green flashings which broke from each little purring breaker, bb it melted into yeast and seethed soft as snow up the coral strand. Hut the ocean lay too silent and still for the fires to show them selves out up'n its breast, if it were not that here and there ' at ?. intervals you spied . a greenish, smoke- like burst, as though some huge jelly-fi»h were shining under the surface, in the black brow of the silent swell that ran without sound and without break. The out line of our boat stood clear like a sketch in ink .against the sand on the other side of the creek. 'We shall have much to tell,' said I, 'when we are released from this place; more than many will think credible, I dare say. 'Tis almost like some old Arab's yarn, this marooning of a young man and a lady, the old piratical lair underground yonder, the incident of the monkey, and strangest of all, at least to my mind, the arrival of that boat there this morning with its tragic burden of dead and dying blacks. What will Alexander think ?' ' If our meeting is much longer delayed,' she an swered, ' he will think us lost.' \- 'What grief for him, poor fellow !' said I; 'but then, you know, the meeting will be the sweeter for its unexpectedness. She made no answer; nor indeed was I much sur prised by her silence. In truth, I had grown somewhat accustomed to a reserved attitude in her whenever I spoke of her sweetheart. However, I was in the humour, I cannot say why, I am sure, to twang this chord just a little longer. ' Now,' said I, ' as to-morrow will see us under way — and the night, please God, safely on board ship, or within view of the lights of a little town in some island hidden behind the sea-line— I feel equal to talking a bit freely, Miss Grant. I have not set eyes on Alexander for years. He was a fine, handsome young fellow when at sea with me; always bold enough to excite my admiration : but since then his courage seems to have increased. Do 1 admire it in its excess? 1 will not say so. The emotion it excites is one, I fear, of supreme -wonderment only.' The moonlight was thin, but I could see her looking at me by it, with a little contraction of her white brows as evidence of the intensity of her gaze. 'Some satirical fancy about Alexander has occurred to you ? ' the exclaimed. ' No, Mies Grant, nothing of the sort, on my honour.' ' What is this courage of his that you wonder at ? ' ' The astonishing pluck he showed in confiding you to my care.' She did not or would not understand. 'Here am I,' I continued, ' a young man, for days and days in the society of a lady of whose charms he has proved himself very sensible indeed.' She uttered a soft laugh scarcely above her breath. ' Now, would not my cousin, as a young man himself, conclude that it could be scarcely possible for me to be so incessantly with vou without — without— well now, what I mean to say is, without my falling in love?' ?' He would not think of such a thing, Mr. Mus grave.' ' Oh, I fancy he would. A thought of the kind is bound to occur, and it is this triumphing of hope in him over what must lie at his heart with the strength of a conviction, that ? ' I was arrested by her suddenly clutching at my hand ; her swift fierce grasp, as I thought it for tbe instant, almost took uiy breath away. ' Heaven forgive me ! ' I mentally ejaculated, ' I have aroused the Spanish blood in this woman. I — I ? ' 'Look, Mr. Musgrave!' she exclained, in a tone that thrilled to mv ear with the fear in it, ' what is that?' Her face was turned towards the creek, and following the direction of her glance I observed the figure of a man standing alii tie on this side of the spot where our luggage had been deposited by the boat's crew. He was clear of the shadows of the trees, and it was bright sand where he stood, and in the light of it lifting into the atmosphere he resembled a statue cut in ebony. He was motionless save for the occasional raising of his hand to his mouth from time to time, as of a man taking a bite at something in his fist. 'Gracious mercy!' I exclaimed, a little above my breath, 'not another monkey, 1 hope. The deuce is in this island. But he is tco big surely even for a baboon.' 'It is a man!' whispered Miss Grant, 'and a black man, too.' ' There must be another boat come ashore,' said I. I stood staring a little, waiting to see whether be would advance, and what he meant to do. My heart beat fast. It would be impossible to express to you how startling was the apparition of that black figure. The suddenness and unexpectedness of the apparition was rendered the more alarming by the faintness of the moonlight. Standing where he was, the brilliance of the full orb would have interpreted him; but though he stood jetlike upon the sand, he yet seemed to mingle -with the dusk in a visionary sort of way, and this blending of the blackness of him with the gloom cauEed him to appear as phantasmal as though he were the veritable shade of some negro anciently murdeied for the sentinelling by his spirit of hidden treasure in the place. ' Are there others about I wonder ?' said I. I sent a swift look towards the forest and past it, but all was motionless. I bent my ear with the fancy of catching the notes of voices beyond where the man stood, suspecting that his boat had arrived off the western sand; but no sound of the Kind penetrated the distracting shrilling of the crickets. ' He is watching us !' exclaimed Miss Grant. It was time to end this. In fact the more one stared at the dusky shape, with its rising and falling arm, the more one stood to grow afraid of it. 'Hallo there!' I sang out, walking a little way to wards the figure, ' who are you, and where have you come from.' No answer was returned, but the figure moved un easily, as if uncertain how to act. I hailed again, still advancing towards him, Miss Grant keeping close by my side ; and then he approached us, but very slowly, whether through physical weakness or fear I could not say. He was sufficiently close now to enable me to make out that he was a negro and I was sensible atsight of him of a sickening chill coming into me, though at that moment certainly I could not have accounted for the sensation. A wild fancy entered my head, working . almost- like a touch of insanity there, that I had seen the man before. Was it the build of him? Was it his gait ? I could not say. He was still too far dis tant to enable me to see what clothes he wore, if indeed he were dressed ; but I remember coming to a stand with a coldness about, my forehead as though some icy air were fanning me, whilst I let fly my breath with a sound that came very near to a cry.' On a sudden Mies Grant screamed out, stepping in a terrified way backwards, then coming to me again and clutching my arm. 'It is a ghost!' she cried; 'it is one of the men you buried to-day. Look at the soldier's coat on him — at the white cloth under it ! ' He was now near enough to render these fea tures unmistakable. The red of his ragged jacket stole 'out ashen to the wan light; round his loins was the cloth to which I had. secured the stone 1 had sunk him by. Nothing was wanting to him but his Scotch cap, and that I knew he would not possess, as I had removed it to bathe his head, whilst on noticing it that afternoon lying in the bottom of the boat I had chucked it overboard into the creek. I stood stock still, as though some blast of lightning had struck me dead. Very distinctly indeed do 1 recollect the sensation of the stirring of the hair upon my head, an effect I had once looked upon as a mere poetic imagination, beyond the reach of the exiremest form of terror in real life. The dew started from my brows, and my hands turned as wet as though I had lifted them dripping from a basin of oil. Had I endeavoured to run away, my legs must * have failed me. I felt Miss Grant trembling from head to toe, in the vibratory, nervous grasp she had of my arm. Why, here was a man who had at least 12 hours before fallen dead in our presence, and whom I ' had soon afterwards buried in the sea, securing him against the possibility of rising bya sinker weighty enough to keep two such fellows down ; here was thiB . same man, 1 say, now standing beforeme, stalking out of the forest, it would *eem, instead of out of the ocean, ?dressed ob I had buried him— a dusky outline with a black .face combining with the gloom, and his eyes touched with the faint sparkles ot the moonlight that be confronted. 'Oh, speak to him! What is it?' exclaimed Miss Grant. Thrice I endeavoured to articulate, but my tongue clove to the roof of mv mouth, dry and parched as the eandupon which we 'stood; but at the fourth effort I managed to find toy voice, and nothing huskier ever Tattled in human throat. *5 In God's name,' I said, ' who are you W He answered, but in a language I did not know. ' It is Spanish,' whispered Miss Grant, ' negro Spanish. He is not a ghost then ; but, oh, what can he be ? He was dead, Mr. Musgrave, when you buried him.' ?' Do you speak Spanish, Miss Grant?' said I. She answered, yes. 'For Heaven's sake, then, address him, and re solve this horrible mystery,' 1 cried. But she was too terrified to speak to him yet. She continued to cling to me with shivers chasing her. Why, the heart of a Boadicea might have swooned to such an apparition. And then the time of its coming too .'—this dimly tinctured gloom— the streak of westering moon— the dark sea floating into the distant silence, with our supreme conviction that the corpse of the black object we were looking at lay with a stone attached to it fathoms beneath the surface. He addressed us again in the same tongue, in the thick, throaty guttural of the African, this time delivering a' pretty long sentence, whilst he stood before us with his arms hanging up and down, and a supplicatory inclination of the head towards us, and an occasional totter of his black shanks. ' What does he say ?' I cried. 'It is hard to catch his meaning,' she said: 'he speaks a very strange kind of Spanish. I think what he wants to say is, that he is alone and ill, and asks us not to hurt him.' It was about time now that I should see something miraculous had happened in the shape of the preserva tion of this negro's life. I was still prodigiously amazed and confounded, astonished almost to the height of imagining that my mind was all abroad, and out and away more scared than a natural danger could have rendered uie. But common sense was beginning to break through, and after a little J had sufficiently mastered myself tu think intelligently. 'This js no ghost, Miss Grunt,' sRid I; ' the poor devil has in some astonishing fashion come off -with his life, and we must learn how. There's a sup of spirits below ; a dram along with something to eat will help his tongue.' ' '? ' I stepped up to him, Miss Grant meanwhile Tteeping- - a tight hold of my arm, and, with a motion of my hand, invited him to accompany us. He at once com plied, and the three of us walked to our underground chambers. We had made a very thrifty use of our candles, and had still a few wax ends left. I asked Mifs Grant to request him to remain outside till I called him. She did so, and then paid, 'Do you mean to ask him to corns down here.' 'He won't hurt us,' Enid I; 'he is no ghost. Kindness will make him grateful.' ' But suppose he believes you meant to drown him ?' she exclaimed. 'Oh, we'll clear his mind of that notion,' said I, for I was now rallying fast, with a hope rising in me that something helpful to ourselves might come out of this business, and consumedly curious besides, as you may suppose, to learn how the fellow had come to life again. ' I will go first,' exclaimed Miss Grant. Indeed the negro was still little more than a ghost to her mind, and if she led the way, then of course I was between her and him. It was pitch dark, but we were most sorrowfully veil acquainted with the road by Ihis time, and easily making our way to the kitchen struck a light, and then called to the black man to come down. He arrived, staring about him with an air of stupid bewilderment, apparently thunderstruck at the sight of our hidden lodging. I lighted a couple of wax ends to have a good view of him, and found him sure enough the same Quashee whom 1 had supposed dead, and whom I had buried, and whose very existence, I may say, so full of business had the hours been between, I had almost forgotten. His soldier's coat sat dry upon his shoulders, his loin- cloth was also per fectly dry ; so it was clear his resurrection had not been recent. His grotesque garb and ebony figure formed, a detail to fit this subterranean place to perfection. Indeed, 6omehow it was impos sible to glance at him and around the chamber without finding anew kind of significance in everything the eye rested upon stealing into it out of his presence ; the muskets and cutlasses looked as grim again, the walls and ceilings more wildly and piratically rugged than ever they had shown, to the turning of the black, wondering face upon them, as the fellow stared here and theie. We had still a drop of the Bhip's rum left ; I mixed a dram for him in a soup and boulti tin, notic ing that he threw the remains of a plaintain which he had been eating into the furnace to receive the draught. Indeed, as he afterwards told us, he had found a toler able meal amongst the fruit past the forest, and he was eating plantains when ho first hove in sight, as I had gathered from the motion of his arm. However, he could find a corner for a large piece of turtle which I handed to him, devouring it with great relish and avidity. Miss Grant posted herself the other side of the table, away from him. She stared incessantly, as if she could not realise his existence, and, indeed, though one saw him eating and drinking, sitting solid and substantial, with the whites of his eyes rolling most realistically over the room, whilst he chewed upon the turtle with the true negro smacking of the lips over every bite, yet when I reflected how stone dead he had been, and how completely I had buried him, I would start to the fancy that if it were not all some odd and ugly dream why then the black creature might be a spectie after all, a : solemn intimation to my incredulous mind that such things were. But I must say that these notions grew feebler with their recurrence. ' Let us get his story, Miss Grant,' said I. She addressed him nervously ; he stood up on being spoken to, but eat again on my motioning to him to resume his chair. I shall not in this life forget the peculiar magic that Miss Grant's beauty took on this silent night in our underground haunt from the emotions which were in her ; the struggling of her brave spirit with 'the superstitious fears excited by the negro, and his black face at hand to contrast her whiteness with. She sat beside but behind me, having regard to the black man's position; and, full as my mind was of the fellow's startling apparition and miraculous recovery — if recovery it were, and not some baleful bit of fetish necromancy — I'd find my thoughts scattering away with confusion when I'd look from the bland ebony countenance on my left, with the whites of the eyes glowing out into orange to tbe candle-light, to the loveliness of the face on my right, charged with the revelation of new beauty to every glance I gave it. I had never heard her speak Spanish before. Nervous and agitated as she was, the rich syllables of the noble tongue rolled in honey from her lips, and as was her face by the negro's so was the melody of her Castilian utterance inexpressibly sweetened and heightened by the hoarse, thick speech of the red-coated fiend . It was like the warbling of a flute alternating with the gong like roll of a tom-tom. 'What does he say?' said 1, after he had been spinning a twister lasting over five minutes. ' Why,' she answered, 'that he woke as if from a long sleep this evening, some time after sundown, and found himself lying on the beach on his back, on the vest side of the island, as 1 suppose, from his speaking of the situation of the hummock. He does not know how he came there. Be recollects arriving here this morning in a boat, and fainting away after drinking the water you gave him. He says, after lying a little, he rose and walked towards some trees, where he pre sently heard a sound of running waters. It was the brook that he means. He drank, and then sought for fruit, but appears to have lost himself in the forest ; though a little before he made his appearance he came across the plantains. That is his story.' ? ' Then,' said I, looking at him, 'it is no great mystery after ail, though a mighty wonder all the same. He wob not dead, of course, when he dropped after the drink. W ell now, the big stone that I jammed into his waistcloth must have rolled out of it when I hove him over the side. It was a sickening business, and the instant I had cleared the boat I sculled up the creek without looking astern. 1 hen what could have followed ? The poor fellow floated up on to his back, for he must have drowned with his face down, and was carried away by the tide to that part of the island where he stranded. Had we looked we might have seen him floating, but we were too busy with the boat; and when he had weathered the spit of sand he would be out of sight to . us at the head of the creek. Ask him if he knows what this island is?' She addressed him again, speaking now with growing confidence, though her first superstitious fear hung a little lightly upon her. He shook his head whilst he answered. She spoke to him afresh, and then told me that he was not only ignorant of the name of this island, but had not the least idea of the situation of others in these seas ; so there was an end of my ex pectations of him as a pilot. She questioned him further, and bis story was to Ihis effect: — First of all, he and his companion had been runaway slaves. They stole a boat, and blew out to sea from somewhere near Point Maysi, thinking to hind at Tortuga, but were sighted and picked up by an English craft, and were entered as seamen aboard her; but the usage they met ?with was so barbarous, mainly owing to their inability I to understand the orders addressed to them, that they | resolved to run from the ship at thfi first opportunity that offered. A chance was provided by the master of the vesi-el bringing up under the lee of an island, pro bably not very remote from our own, to seek shelter, as was to be suppo.-ed, from the storm that had swept these waters tie other night. There was a boat riding astern to a long line, and when the night came down dark, and the hands were below, saving the anchor watch look-out, the blacks dropped over the side, their dusky skins making their movements very secret in the gloom, and swam steal thily to the boat.. But it was already blowing with a bit of a popple on in the bay where the ship rode, with the flight of the wind scurrying down the mountain side, and they had *oarcfi rolled inboard over the gun wale wbrn i he line parted and they drifted out to sea. ? So this was ihe fellow's story, a bit of which 1 had anticipated hours before at the Mght of the shredded j slrauds of the rope. Trusting he might have a few j words of English sufficient to understand my questions, j so as to save Miss Grant the trouble of inquiring and then interpreting, I sang out to him— ' You speakee English ? ' ' No, no ; no speakee,' he cried, shaking his head vehemently. ? ' You no sabbe how to pilot boat ? ' I roared. 'No speakee, no speakee,' he bawled, wringing his hands; and then, looking at Miss Grant with eyes full of piteous entreaty, oddly accentuated by a broad sup plicatory grin that bared his great ivory teeth to the junction of his jaws almost, he poured out a whole torrent of words in Spanish to her, clasping his hands whilst he rattled on, and then dropped plump on both knees before us when he had finished. ' What is if all about r ' said I. 'He swears by the Holy Virgin and all the saints that he does not speak English,' said Miss Grant,' and - implores you to believe him. The poor fellow has been j horribly cowed by ill-treatment. He thinks because you are English you will punish him for not being able to speak our language.' I motioned to him to rise, and to top the encourage ment of ray face I mixed him another dram, which he , drank on his knees, making some mysterious motion of I amity, or perhaps affection, by holding one arm stiff upright after the manner of 'certain South. African I tribes ; then rose and seated himself. ! 'It is eetting very late,' said I, looking at my | watch; 'there will * be a long day before us in that . open boat to-morrow, though pray heaven it may not prove longer than a day. I would urge you to take ' some rest.' ''lam not at all sleepy,' she replied. ' I am too excited to lie down ; what with this apparition and the prospect of our sailing to-morrow, 1 shall not be able , to sleep indeed.' 'That poor fellow will want to torn in,' said I. 'Rolled up in a rug, he'll lie snug enough near the furnace. You will not object to his occupying this room?' c She looked askant at him, and said a little doubtfully, ' Mo, I should cave no fear of him at all but for the really terrifying wonder of his restoration to life.' Hero the negro yawned prodigiously, uttering a bawling sound as he gaped. ; 'There is indeed nothing to be afraid of,' said I. ' Harmlessness in natures nearly allied to. the animal as his is is almost always expressed in the face, and I'd stake my right arm upon his being honest to the core— abjectly so indeed. For my part, humanity aside, I consider it my duty to cherish him. A hand to help in the boat will be invaluable. Imagine, for instance, a dead calm, with the gleam of a ship's canvas just visible on the horizon from the low level of the gunw ale. Two of us might manage to row the boat to her ; whereas my single pair of arms would give up exhausted long before 1 was able to rife the ship's hull. He is a powerful fellow; observe the breadth of his chest. Besides, he is a child of tho sun, and the fittest help in the world for such an excursion as we were meditating under these heights, aB the AncieDt Mariner would call them.' So speaking, I took a rug and handed it to the black, motioning him to make a bed of it against the furnace, to which I pointed. He understood me ? promptly, grinned gratefully, and, wrapping1 the rug around him as he stood, with a proud glance at the embellishment, he lay down with the docility of a trained dog, UBing his arm for a pillow, and in a couple of minutes was snoring like thunder, sound : asleep. Miss Grantfwithdrew to the inner room, whilst I stole up the steps to take a peep at tne boat and see that all was right with her. Her outline showed black . ' against the sand. Tne ebb of the water had almost left her dry, and I had no fear for her. 'Twas a i breathless night, with its odd accompaniment of i whittling lizards, snoring toads, and chirruping- crickets. ' It wanted but three hours to dawn, and at the first peep of the pun it was my intention to be up and away. The . slip of moon glowed* rustily over the western rim of the ! the: forest, where the heads of the trees spread like funeral plumes motionless against the sky. I lingered a little, earnestly contemplating the heavens in search of any hints of weatber, then went back to the kitchen and lay down, but not to sleep. Indeed, if the agitation of my spirits at the prospect of getting away had not kept me restless, I must have been held so by the negro's snoring. He now lay flat upon his back with his mouth wide open, and I can only compare the sounds he produced to the noise made by the keel of a boat dragged over shingles. Presently Miss Grant called softly to know if I was awake. ' Very much, awake, indeed,' said I. . 'All is well while he snores like that,' she ex claimed. II Yes,' I answered. ' But it is happy for us that he should be our guest for one night only. Imagine three weeks of this ! ' (To be continued.) 