\- A IOMANCE. FL ONE ACd AND HinREE 80NES. SCENE I.-' How do you like my biscuits, John' asked a young wife; - o'Thoy ard excellent. Delicious in flavour, and as light as'your laugh.' 'Is the meat cooked to your liking P' 'I am delighted with it. You can cook a great deal bettor than mother.' Scee II.-'You are late, John, doear; it i? osot twelve o'clock,' sold the wife, as she helped her husband off withhis overcoat. ' Yesh, darling, I was-hie-- detained at-' ' Oh, never mind any apologies, dear; I know something important must have detained you, or you would have been home earior.' SoExem III.-' I saw a very handsome bonnet in Felt and Straw's window to-day, Mary, said ahusbandeas he sat down to supper after reo turnin, from hids day's labour.?. 'Indeed I' said hi wife as she placed the savoury meal before him. 'Yes, and I thoughtit would become your style of beauty.' dn 'But, John, dear, I don't need another new bonnet.' 'Yes, you do. I had it put aside for you. The price is 1-dol. Here is the money. You can go and look at it. If it suits you; buy it; if it doesn't suit you, buy one that does at the same price.' 'Oh, Jonhn I' . ' No thankdear. You'aro worthy of it.' AGED Negro-I is geWinr on or hundred an' ton yearold. Intorested Listener: Indeed? : Then probably you can recollect as far back as the first acts of Congress. AcedNegro: Yes, sah. I remeomberall 'bout do funs' of Congress. I ot ter reolliekt it, because I's cut wood wid it when I wus so high. Yes, sah. dat wue aforo you weu bawn sob. You's or nice lookin' gemman, sob, anl :an't'you give do poor old man or nickel? Moanceu: The spirit of your husband sautes you, Madam. Spinster (mat. esLty-fivo): My husband (Giggling.) He, hoe I Why I was., never marrioed. Medium: Oh, yes you were. You and your winity ere jominedin SpLit marrag. Spinstr (seriously) : at loss of folicity I Would we had met beforo be died. The Ghost (solus): What a happy thing it was for me that I died so young. MaAnMam Wayback-Putty cold this mawnin', Mariah. FAnEcn Wayback's Wifo-Did yo tako a look 'at the thermometor? . FAemn Wayback-No, I didn't hars to. I tuk a look' 'cros the fields an' I see Jom Doming's tongue fasteond to the hitchin' post.. 'FAtnmte 'WVayback's- Wife-Land sakes I WVhoro was eJo? ' F arutRn Vayback-Oh ! Jmr was right there with hIsis tongue. Sen---' I understand that you are one of the prving .basobal players, and that you ara studyg for the midnitry.In fact, I ? a told o-e-' It is true.' 'Are you going to take charge of a parish at onco?' ' Well, I don't know. I have received a call to. a miseionchurch at 600dol. a year; also an" offer from the Beostons to sign for 10,000dol. a year, and I have been wondering whether I hadn't better devote a few more years to baseball praying before accepting a.regular pulpit.' AN austro looking lady walked into aforrier's recently and said to the yellow- headed clerk, 'I would like to geta snuff.' 'What fur ? demanded the clerk. ' To keep my hands warm, you simpering idiot !' exclaimed the lady. TeeA-T precocious Itonckhocklio youngster, Stepben Abbey by name, comes to the front again. A few weeks ago a favourite uncle of the lad went away, to be gone for an indefinite time. Stephen thought the proper thing for him to do was to buy him a present, and the obicct he set his young mind upon was a Bible. 'loe has more than one Bible now,' said Stephen's mother. ' And he'll have another when'hob getmino,'wnastho iperpturbablereply. The Bibloe was purchased, and then it was decided by the boy to write an ' appropriate' verse of Scripture on the fly-leaf. These were the significant words selected and written by Stephen: 'And yo fathers, provoke not your children to wrath.' Ephesians, vi., 4. Stephen's uncle, who is a man of family, was duly impressed. Mr. Si Tn: " "Miss Edith, I love you. Will you marrymo?" Edith: "I an so sorry, sir, butIaam obliged to declino thie lhopour.' r. Smith (with sudden inspiration): "For heaven's sake, Miss Edith, come away from that window. A storm is coming up. The light ling is beginning to flamh, and you are so at tractive, you kniow." Edith (completely over come): " Charlie, dear, you may buy a ring." A L~A? who was accustomed to solicit for several charitable institutions, the other day nmot a well-known miser from whom sihe had never been able to extract a cent. During the course of the conversation the lady mentioned she had seen his portrait at tile Academy. "And you didn't ask it for a subeription ?' queried the miser, who was fond of his joke. "OhJ thought it useless," calmly replied the lady, " the portrait is so thoroughly like you." Wovurn-n PIATnox: What is the legal fare for ten blocks? Cabman: Dunno. If you want ter know anything 'bout law go tor a lawyer. 