SOUTH AUSTRALIAN WE3LKYAHT KfrtHTW D*V. The President took the chair at 9.30 a.m. on! Wednesday, a large number ot representa tives being present ? CHILDREN'S FOND. The Kev. fl. T. Boegess moved— 'That in future the levy for the Children's Fand be 10 per cent. inBtead of 11 per cent., and the iayments£8 instead of £9.' Mr. Hastos seconded. Carried. A long conversation took place with regard to tbe liability of tha Pirie-etreet Cbnrch to pay taxation on £250 received from the frost Fand towards the liquidation of its Circuit debt. The amount was not returned in tbe schedule of taxable income. The Pine-street Church prayed that they might be relieved. The Rev. J. N. Mills moved—' That taxation be levied jon the amount-' The money assisted to furnish a new parsonage. Opinions were very divided aB to whether the amount should be taxable. The idea was expressed that a bad principle would be initiated if Pirie street were exempted. The motion waB lost by 24 votes against 20. The Hon. J. Cabb moved, but aiterwarda withdrew, a motion exempting from taxation money raised by special effort to pay off the Circuit debt at Port Adelaide. It was held that the exemp tion of Pirie street was the thin end of the wedgp, which would ruin the Children's Food. Mr. Skow indicated his intention to move at a later stage iu the direction of defining what money Bbould be taxable. Various representatives announced that they would move that special efforts in their country Circuits be exempted. Mr. J. Hill then announced that sooner than jeopardize the Children's Fund the Pirisstreet Church woulu forego the exemption, a statement which was received with enthusiastic ap plause. LOAN FOND. The President and Mr. D. Nock were ap pointed Treasurers for the ensuing year. The usual formal motions were passed. A recom mendation from the Southern Diatriot was embodied in the following motion by the Eev. J. Nicholson :— 'That with a view to avoid in future, aa far as possible, all interest bearing debts in connection with new erec tions, it is determined that when two- thirds of the cost is raised on the completion of the building, the trustees shall be entitled to the remaining one-third (if applied for) as a loan from the Church Building and Loan Fund aa a matter of course ; the said loan to be voted by the Home Mifision Committee on proof of compliance with the conditions prior to the distribution of funds,' The mover wished to do .away with the payment of interest. Last year £4,363, one quarter of their Con nexional income, was paid as interest. The motion was negatived by 23 votes against 17. The .Rev. J. Leggoe moved—' That all loans Bball be repaid by yearly instalments on or before Ootober 7, and sach repayment shall extend over a period of ten years for all loans of £100, and for all loans over that amount the repayments Dhall extend over a period of five years.' This, however, was lost by a large majority. The Rev. A. Stubbs then moved a resolution providing that Circuits instead of paying 20 per cent, per annum on the money loaned for parsonages should only pay 10 per cent. Several country representa tives supported him on the ground that dis tressed Circuits would reap the benefit The ex-Treaeurer opposed Mr. Stubbs. Mr. Mitchell said that if the motion were passed it would not be a great advantage. It would only mean the raising of less money every year. Carried by a large majority. JOEEIGN MISSI053. The Eev. T. Raston read the balance-sheet with regard to foreign missions, whioh showed that the receipts of the Sooth Austra lian Auxiliary were during the past year £764 6s. 10d., and the expenditure £33 4s. Id. The remainder, amounting to £731 2sM had been remitted to the Mission Committee in Sydney. Adopted. Speaking to a formal motion the Rev. J. Leggoe urged that the time was approaching when the Fiji Mission would be self- supporting. It was question able whether it was any longer advisable to Bend missionaries to Fiji The Rev. T. Lloyd moved in the direction of urging the General Committee to economize. Other speakers were strongly opposed to reducing tbe number of missionaries. Tho motion was lost, BANDS 0? HOPS. The Eev. H. T. Buegess moved— 'That the statistics of the Bands of Hope connected with onr Churches throughout the colony be collected and published in the annual returns of the Conference.' Ths Eev. J, Allen seconded. Carried. WAB AND ABBITBATION. The Eev. ft, M. Htjnteb presented a nvanorial from Mr. W. 'Peace' Jones, in which he advocated the objects of the Peace Society. Mr. Hunter moved—' That this Conference expresses its sympathy with the objeots of the Peace Society, and especially approves of the substitution of arbitration for war in the settlement of international dis puteB.' Carried unanimously. THE THIED JUBILEE OF METHODISM. The Eev, R, S. Casely moved—' That a committee, consisting of the President, ex President, the Chairman of the Distriot, MeeBTS. J. Hill, R. Kelly, Chambers, Mit chell, and Attiwell, the Eev. C. T. Newman, and the mover, be appointed toconsiderandto report to the Conference on the question how. we may as a Church celebrate to advantage the 150th year in the history of the Wesleyan Methodiat Church.' The Hon, J. Cabb thought it unwise to trouble about oele bratiug tbe 150th year when they had hardly done celebrating their own jubilee. The Rev. E. M, Hunizb thought the celebration might be made to have a very educational effect. The Rev. E. S. Caselt wished the celebration to be of a spiritual character. There was no need for any special monetary effort. The President might during Septem ber deliver an address in the Piris-atreet Church, in whioh he could deal with the early history and progress of Methodism. He moved accordingly. Both motions were car ried, the former only obtaining a majority of three, HOMB MISSION FUND. The Eev. A. Stcbbs moved—' That the Allocation Committee be abolished, and that all moneys raised for Home Mission purposes be distributed during the session of the mixed Conference,' If the plan he Bug geafced were adopted there would be more enthusiasm with regard to the missions. The miBaionaiiea should speak at the meet ings. Ab tbe motion involved an amendment of the constitution it waa ruled out of order, GENERAL RETURNS . A printed sheet BhowiDg the number of attendants on public worship was presented. 1Mb showed that there arenow 274. Churches, being an increase of 6 on the preceding year. There are IU other preaching places, as against 118 last year. There had been a decrease of 1 minister, making the total 79. The Sabbath-school teachers numbered 2.514, or 18 more than twelve months before, whereaa there are 5 Icbs local preachers, of whom there are now 411. Class leaders had decreased from 403 to 394, and the Church members from 7,662 to 7,577, and the number on trial for membership from 820 to 321, There are now 334 junior members and 663 catechumens, as agalnBt S98 and 413 respec tively in the previous year. During the year there had been 1,011 baptisms, whereae dur ing the previous twelve months 86 less were baptized. The Sabbath-aohoola now number 263, and there are 20,803 scholars, while at tbe end of 1887 there were 247 schools and 19.905 Bcholars. There had been 59 deaths during the year, as against 45 in the previous year. The total number of attendants on public worship, including Church members' and scholars and others, is now 48,594, whereaa a year ago there were 49,034. This shows a decrease of 440. PBINCE ALFBBD COLLEGE, ? The annual committee meeting was held at 4 o'clock under the presidency of the Rev. J. Haslam. The following Is taken from the annual report for tha year ended September SO, 1888;— 'The committee have' pleasure again in reporting that the year's work of ths College has been very satisfactory. The average attendance, as Bhown by the numbers below, has been 342. That the attendance has been bo well sustained ia a satisfactory sign of the popularity of the institution; that of tbe boarders has considerably in creased and their health has been quite uninterrupted the committee are thankful to say. The attendance for the financial year has been :— Boardere— First term, 49 ; eecond term. 54 ; third term, 63 ; fourth tsrm, 65. Day boarders— First term, 21 ; second term, 19; third term, 18; fourth term, 14. Day boys— First term, 266; second term, 263; third term, 268 ; fourth term, 269. Total First term, 336; second term, 336; third term, 349; fourth term, 348, The boys past and present have been very successful in the public examinations this year. The lists of their successes are given in tho appendix. Of present bojB it will be seen that three obtained University Scholarships, fourteen passed tba Senior Examination, twelve the Junior Examination, and thirty-four passed the Preliminary Examination. These are exceedingly satisfactory results. Some boys were aleo presented at the newly constituted Art Examinations ; hero thirty passes were earned. The balance-sheet attached shows a profit on the year of £320 Zb, Id. The total debt h £4,071 8s. lid. The receipts from all sources amounted to £7,049 12s. 7d.t and the expenditure to £6,842 9s. 2d. The profit and loss account Bhowed receipts during the year £6,845 00. 4d., and the expenditure £6,524 17a. 3d.' The report and balance-sheet were adopted. It was decided oa tbe motion of the Rev. 8\. Kbight to thank Hia Excellency 8ir W. & F. Robinson for presiding at the annual ?pe«chday. ..- ;: .£? ? . ?...-., ; The Rev. J. Hablam, tha retiring Presi dent, rrotirrd - nearly ?4baiik»i-«fle-i»pltad raitably. ,--?*. ? -?-. ?..3fej tg rfr-i --?,,? The Eev D. 8. W? Lif, (EwWfiBt of tha Conference) was appointed. President tor the ensuingyear. ' '' -*!-??-' w- -?-- ? ^! - The Secretary, the Auditor*:; and *h« Bob. J. Colton were thanked. Uw Sedratary, Mr. O. 8. Cotton, acknowledged the.Vpie. : Mr. F. Chappie, B A., B do , Principal of tbe College, and hia staff also ', received recognition for their labour* in the shape Of an enthueiaetio vote of thanks,' ; fie vitu congratulated thjkt the College ?vna *o efficient. Mr. Chapplb thanked the ooai mittee, and mentioned that since tbe holidays the attendance was thirty higher tban at the same period laat year. Tbe question of altering the constitution of tbe committee With the view of limiting ths cumber wsb remitted to the Conference, d ? ORDINATION SbBVXCB. % The annual ordination service was he fc tbe Kent Town Church in the evening buJta a large congregation. The President (R$v. D. 8. Wy lie) occupied the chair. There were thiee probationers, and they, according to the usages of the Methodist Connexion, were ordained and received into full connexion. Those ordained were the Eevu. W. H. Hodge, A.- P. Burgess, and E. Donatan. After the President had congratulated' the new ministers, each gave an account of his conversion and call, and answered the. cus tomary qnestiops. The Sacrament was then administered, after which the Ex President (Eev. J. HaBlam) delivered . the charge, in the couiee of whfoh he .reinarked— 'The comfort and the.erTedtivenesa-of jour ministry will, considerably depend on tho strength and clearness of your conviction in legaid to this divine call, for aa ministers of Cbiist-yonr position ib challenged by two oppoBite but powerful eeotiona of our fellow men. On the on9 hand we have those whose i eligion stands on sacraments which' fire of saving efficacy only when administered by men of apoBtolic genealogy ; a religion whosa very form is affirmed to be eanotioned by divine enactment, and to whioh belong divine privileges and preferences which cannot be found outside of itBelf ; a religion cf formalism and ritualism behind whichit matters not that there is an unchristian indulgence of the flesh; a self-righteous Pharisaism which sweeps along- with its sanctimonious robes and than 1 8 heaven it iB Dot as other men. I speak not of Italy alone, nor for that matter of England merely, but of these colonies also, . where sou will find those who make' an arrogant and fiotitioru pretension ;i to^be holders and dispensers of divine grace to be bad nowhere outaide of an episcopal ordina tion which has oome down from the Apostles themselves. Strange that in these late days arjd in this new, free land this- old world ecclesiastical BeclnBivenesa and eroltieiveneea should have found such vigorous foothold, dividing in common work and nataral fellow ship bodies of Christian men for whose one ness ChriBt pray b and a converted' world waits. One would have thought that~tfio freer air and brighter Bunlight of- this new country would have killed such an evil delu &ion; of dueaeed thinking. The fact that it still and here exiBts tells us that its cause, ia deep-iooted in the inherited habit and spirit of many centnrieB. As yon meet these uenrpationB and aa you find them endorsed in a variety of ways and with a force, you can not but feel you will prove the value of your unshaken persuasion that your call to the Christian ministry is direct from the Lord— yours and the Apostles'— and that it. ia daily ratified and sealed by the Holy Ghost. In contrast with those who superciliously deny your authority as ministers of the Lord Jesus Christ — those who make everything to depend upon 'orders' or that branch of tha Church whioh they call ' the Church? — affirming that there can be no guarantee of grace and security of salvation even- to tha eincerett and holiest believer apart from tbe official acts of certain men or outside a particular ecclesiastical communion, there ia another not inconsiderable section of men who have nothing in common with those who arrogantly stand between men and their Saviour, but who look upon the position- of all Christain ministers as superfluous if not hindering. The times on which we have fallen are times when thought is free— very free. It is not difficult at any moment or anywhere to hail toycumen who have broken indignantly away from dogma and rejected all creeds. Many of the ideas of God which go floating about us to-day are very indefinite and undefinable— debtical, agnostical, pan theistical, atheistical ; while, again, we are being very confidently told that whatever a man's religious ideas may be it is not of much moment. He may conceive or embody the Deity as he thinks fit ; hifl religious convictions must be regarded as a matter of unrestricted and unchallengable personal fancy. Piety has had its chance, and it can evidently do little to meet the needs of men. We must look to the develop ment of the intellect, to science, and to policies. Schemes of religion must be superseded by schemes of philosophy and government. The services of the Church and the obser vances of religion may be left for the time to the ministers, and the ignorant, and the women folk; but those who would ennoble themselves and elevate their kind must dedicate themselves to the pursuit of social and public objects, to the cultivation of arts and sciences, and the application of law to national life and character. Modern infidelity ! From that alone we have far less to fear than from modern infidelity and its more powerful allies, modern indifference and contempt of religion, born partly of intellectual pride— a spirit which pereiats in pushing religion aside as an effete and time-worn agency, and tells you and me that we have no place in the work of the world's true ad vancement, tolerating us only that to may preserve, the understood decencies of society on the occasions of births, marriages, and deaths. And herein lies our danger— tha danger of being crushed and ground between these two antagonistic forces. On the 'one hand we have those who save and damn the race by rule of creed and ritual, and who tell us that we are altogether out of it; and on the other hand there is the combination of the sceptical, free-thinking deriders of piety, who refuse the personal God whom Christianity declares, and others also with them who endeavour to fix attention and effort upon a redemption of the race by means of elementary and scientific education, offering no re cources to the religious nature, no divine sanction to good living, repudiating the existence of a future state of being and the grand purifying influence which that doctrine possesses over mankind, however reckless and debased, Therein lies our danger, and herein lies our safety and com fort and strength and efficiency that to us has come a divine call, a divine commission to preach the glorious gospel of the blessed God ; a gospel which has met and will more Than ever meet the necessities of men of every class in every sphere; a gospel which sweepB away the assumption of divine favouritism, and is offered to all ani offered freely, lovingly, impersorally; a gospel which saves the body by saving the soul and reforms the life by regenerating the heart ; which changes the evil condition by changing the evil character ; a gOBpel which above au the gospels of science and politics and EocialiBm man is in need of and man must have, or remain prone in the misery of moral and spiritual death, but receiving it is made wise and good, and finds in it the satisfying of hia religious instincts and spiritual yearnings — is brought into conscious fellowship with the God wEo made him, the living God who is within, around, beneath, above, from the beginning, beyond the eternities, asd with whom he was made to dwell for evermore.' The address also con tained much sound practical advice. for the young ministers. ' g 'Did you notice Mr. Languid in Church this morning, dear? He seemed very much touched by our dear pastor's sermon.' ' Touched by the pastor's Bermon. Rubbish 1 He was touched about fifty times by Mrs. Languid'a parasol to keep him iiom being hvnnotized bv the sermon, that's the fit of it.' 