The liefrad of " Zllawortna " Pound." Away in the North where minerals abound, And (be richest of ores are found in the ground, A legend ia told of a golden mound That's- hid In the range which stretches around The wild rugged spot, IUawurtna Pound. The story runs thus:- Long ago (of course) With a kangaroo hound and a dark bay As old bnshman rode, his way used to force Over boulders and rocks, the range right across, Where others who'd tried were all at a loss. And when he returned there were some used to think Of brimstone he smelt—vile sulphurous stink, That came, so they said, from the golden mound's brink, Where the devil had led him with hideous wink, And given him gold ; for all heard the chink From his saddle, the rattle and clink, Bach night be emerged as black as black ink. ' Now whether it was so well—I'm not so bold As to Touch for the tale, for certain he sold To the devil his soul for glittering gold ; Perhaps he'd his name with Old Nick en* rolled, Bat all I can Bay is, to me it was told The bushman belonged to His Majesty's fold. It was said he went in with his wardrobe ' rent, When everyone knew that he hadn't a cent, For he never stopped drinking till all he had spent; And then people noticed he travelled and went To the cloven-hooled gent, who at interest lent Filthy lucre, at a thousand per cent. In vain had the trackers hard tried to track, The old bay horse thro' that wonderful crack, Tho' promised they were a budgeree whack, Of tuckout and bacca, and clothes without lack, They ever returned, with jaws lank and slack To .swear by their lubras, they hadn't the knack Of piercing those bills ; the aboriginal black Too, thought it just savored, a very small snack Of the devil, for the whole of the pack Used toleave, to the station sneak back, Their f9ces the hue of adirfy flour sack, But the time drew nighBO the leglend goes. Nick's bill came due, and they came to blows, The devil to pay, and no hot pitoh I s'pose ; But he has to be paid as every one knows, For every small favor that ever he shows, But in the melee the bay horse arose, And stamped rather hard on Hia Majesty's tOM, Which sent the tears trickling down his hooked nose, And made him as black as a thousand crows ; And then in a rage, for so it was said, He shouldered his tail and the old chap led. To the golden hill's brink, which shot flames of red, Then over a hole by the hair of his head He roasted him whole till he was wholly dead. And now says the legend the phantom seen Of the old bush chap, shrunk, shrivelled and lean, in a haze each night of yellowish green, And the old bay horse and the hound I ween, For the great round pound making tracks like steam. They gallop along nor seem they to tire, The tail of the grey like a flame of fire, Around they go over toprail and wire, Horse, rider, and hound with terrible ire, In vain struggle on yet never get nigher. They flee like the light'ning the passage to find, Around and around like a watch spring wind Till the midnight hour ; in a terrible light Then they all disappear till the following night, When again they resume their uncanny flight, And many's a timid and ghost fearing wight Has shivered at eve, and trembled with fright As the horse, hound and rider's appeared to the sight; And so it is said they will always Bpin, Till the devil himself lets the rider in ; And the legend gives forth, that who sees this done, The pound's hidden wealth by him shall be won. —H.W. 