THE GOSSIP’S BOWL. “ If pcrclmm.-c I slmll speak a little jocosely, you will kindly allow me tliat privilege.” I heard a charge made against tho stewards of tho Tallangutta Each Club tho ; other night. . Tim impeachment is not of a very terrific nature, but goes to show that the management of the peccant club (or the peccant management of tho cluh) are like a good many more people i they make laws and—break them. Tho com plaint under notico is tho looso manner in which tho rule relating to amateur riders is observed. The Laches’ Bracolot, run at tho -recent meeting, is a case in point. The rider who piloted the winning horse to victory in that instance is a registered jockey; while another rider, whose name is familiar as a household word in those parts (and. whoso mount everybody hails ns an almost certain thing), though not on “ the list,” is by no stretching of t he term an amateur rider. The action of tho stewards in announcing nno event for competition by amateur riders is com mendable: hut tho fact of tlmir allowing professionals to take part in a contest which should he tho exclusive privilogo of amateurs savors of something more than inconsistency, hfow that public attention has boon awakened in this direction, it is hoped the stewards will ho more particular in adhering to the spirit and the letter of the club's law in this matter. Tho amateur rider should ho givon a fair field, and not he obliged to onter the listsupon unfavor able terms with tho professional knight of . the.whip'and spurs. .... .... V, • Tho Rev. Mr. Drowitt lias made a pertinent suggestion to tho Wodonga Shire Council concerning tho proper dis posal of nightsoil in that town. I think the time lias arrived for our shiro mag nates to take some steps to secure the proper, systematic and regular cleansing of night-pans in this and other centres of • population within tho municipality. Tho proper disposition of nightsoil is a. require ment which health authorities arc unani mous in insisting upon; and in many ■quarters tho opinion prevails that the local authorities should consider tho ( question in its local hearings. The appointment of a nightman, and tho ( selection of a suitable depot, aro matters , ±o wliieli the civic fathers might with good , effect give their attention. Tho present ( system of disposing of human dojeeta is , not calculated to improve 1 ‘ God’s glorious , oxygon,” nor to overwhelm us with ( assurance of safety in the event of a visitation of typhoid or kindred epidemics. It might ho necosss.iT to make a special rate on jfnipertios witluu the township radius; but I think the ratepayers would only be too willing to pay the small assessment to meet the increased expendi ture rendered necessary by the institution of a proper system of pan- cleansing. Hut willy-nilly the council should, in the interests of the public health, do some thing to improve the unsatisfactory condi tion of alTaii's at present obtaining in this anil other centres of population. Some valuable suggestions wore brought before the recent meeting of the Castlo maine Municipal Group. The resolutions .submitted at this convention of council lors, and the discussion following thereon, go to show that the municipal mind is active, and that members of local govern ment are playing no small partin advising and counselling our paid legislators towards the better government of Victoria. And so far from taking umbrage at, or having their amour propre wounded^In suggestions from the civic functionaries, Parliament has invariably evinced a great inspect for opinions emanating from'the civic cranium. Among the numerous resolutions agreed to at the group meeting, were two or three of more than usual importance. The Government is to he urged to undertake the wliolo responsi bility of administering the Babbit Sup pression Act. Under existing arrange ments the rabbits are increasing rather than diminishing; and thosu who have directed their efforts to the suppression of those prolific littlo animals have tound theirs to bo a labor in vain in consequence of the want of systematic and above all concerted action to the end of repressing the rodents. Another agreement arrived at was that an alteration bo made in the Licensing Act, so that it be not compulsory on publicans to keep their bar-doors locked during Sundays. Everybody knows that that legislative abortion, the Licensing Act—concerning which it is very doubtful whether it can ever bo licked into tolerablo shape — imposes restrictions and hardships upon publicans which would bo strongly resented by any other class of tradesmen in the community. This bar-door business is one of the most hideous malformations of that work of legislative botchevy. It has been proved over and over that compliance with the requirement in question does not prevent Sunday trading; and instances have frequently occurred whero a fine has been iuflicted for an unlocked door whore there, was no intention of trading. IVo read tlio other day of a well- known police magistrate making an ex cathedra state ment that, as the law stood at present, a publican who opened bis bar-doer to extinguish a fire would bo amenable to a big fine. What a pretty pass legislation lias come to when we see a reputable class of men put under hatches in this manner. In this one tyrannous enactment we sco the result of*helter-skelter law-making, and still another glaring refutation of tho old maxim that the law works injustice to no man, does injury to none.” Tho municipal association, turning from genoral to local matters, desire that the fees now derived from splitters, saw-mill and jinker licenses should form part of tlio municipal fund, in lieu of going into the Treasury. Surely this is not asking too much, especially when we are told that the Government subsidy is all too small for some shires, who find it a very difficult matter, even with tho closest cheese-paring, to make both ends meet. The operations connected with sawmill businesses play no small part in tlio wear and tear of roads and bridges, and any funds created by their existence should bo awarded as a quid pro qua to the body entrusted with tlio maintenance of such works. As <i sequel to the foregoing request, the local bodies renow an agita tion commenced some years ago, and suggest that a law be adopted regulating the width of tires to heavily leaded vehicles. Some such provision as this would reduce tho cutting-up of roads to a minimum. Another reasonable request is for an amendment in tho Local Government Act making rates recoverable in Courts of Petty Sessions nearest to the sbiro office. If this suggestion were given effect to, business would bo ex pedited, municipal money would be saved, and spontaneous ratepayers would not have so much cause to complain of “ good money being thrown away after bad.” These periodical meetings of representa tives of local bodies go to show that “ in tho multitude of councillors there if wisdom.” It remains to be seen bow fat the aldermanic aspirations will bo gratified by the legislative faculty in Parliament qssemblod. Some time hack I had oocnsion to refer to the harsh treatment meted out to a Tasmanian clergyman, who was prose cuted for celebrating an after-dark njur lingo. And now wo hear from Now Zealand that another luomher of the cloth—tho Bov. Mr. Paseoe, incumbent of Avonsido—is about to be put through tho mill, at the instance of a Mrs. Baldwin. Tho gravamon of tho charge it that the rev. defondaut committed a breach of tho rubric in refusing to administer the sacrament of communion to the complainant. This is indeed a novel case-unique, I believe, in tho ecclesiasti cal history of tho colonies. Without pretending to know anything of the “rubric” to tho observance of which Mr. Paseoe is committed, 1 must confess that in the faco of theso appeals to law the ministry is not all wine and skittles for those whoso bout inclines thorn to labor in the Lord’s vinoyard. Tho merits ainl demerits of tho case cannot be considered in tho absence of particulars. It is only reasonable to suppose, however, that the parson had very good reasons for acting as he did. I should think ho would liavo somo sort of discrotinnary powor in determining whether or not an intending communicant was a fit vessel for the recipient of tho sacrament.- It is more than pvobablo that the clergyman lias, seen fit to temporarily deprive tho. lady of j tho rites of tho church, and that she, with tho stubbornness of her sox, intends defying tho ecclesiastical emblems of boll, book and candle to desist hgr from her purpose. Though tho lady in question is such an ardent postulant for tho “ com munion of saints,” sho apparently does not attach much respect to the othor article of faith, thoforgiveness of sins.!’ lleneo tho rocourso to tho law-conrts. Tho abolition of “benefit of clergy” has contributed to tho placing of Mr. Paseoe in his present position. I have heard of a good many people “banned” by their pastors for divers and sundry short comings or excesses, but never know one of tho excommunicated folks to show such, determination as Mrs. Baldwin j towards removing tho clerical proscrip- ( tion, and being once more brought within , tho protection of tho pastoral staff. Mr. . Paseoe is to bo charged with withholding j his ministrations, while bis Tasmanian ( confrere’s offence lay in exceeding his c duty. Theso two clergymen are literally t members of tho “ church militaut.” The ] decision of the New Zealand Supremo 1 Court will determine whether Mr. Paseoe ' will belong to tho “ church triumphant ” or the “ church suffering.” Tho trial will undoubtedly provo a cause celcbre, and will be watched with groat intorest by > clergy and laity alike. i A great lioiso lias been mado bv a section of the Melbourne press anont tho action of the Premier in calling Parlia ment togothei, having members sivorn- in, and then dismissing them for a long holiday. All sorts of motives aro directly and inlirectly imputed to Mr. Gillies for his “ inexcusable” act in this direction. Bribery of members is openly hinted, as if the Premier could possibly hope to si/uare or placate every mombor of the House with a few paltry pounds. I think it only right, seeing that imme diately upon their election they aro importuned on all hands by their consti tuents. that members’! screws should begin from the date of the return of the wilts. .Such are arrangement would be far more satisfactory to all parties, and would place political loaders above the suspicion of “debauching Parlia ment,” and also remove from members the odium • being set down as mercenaries and parties to wholesale bribery and corruption. It is stated for a fact that our new member, Mr. Craven, every day receives a budget of lottors. from all parts of the electorato. Proper attention, and even formal answers to such a quantity of correspondence entail a deal of time and labor, and it is only right that if a man lias the name of M.P.. and does the work in connection with the position, ho should also have the <joiii attached thereto. A septuagenarian Celestial, rejoicing in the euphonious cognomen of Tung Pyo, returned to Boechworth recently from a sojourn in the Northern Territory. He was seized with one of the ills to which even Chinese flesh is heir to, and was taken to the hospital, where in duo time ho “ turned lip his toes.” Tongue Pic! Shades of King Billy—what a toothsomo treat the aboriginal anthro pophagi—those esteemed epienres of the i'ar north—missed in the corpus of this poor Chow. How their mouths would iinvo watered, whilo enjoying the pleasures of anticipation! Still, when we come to think of it, even a Chinaman at 70 would ho a bit tongli, and not over succulent; and perhaps the Queensland niggers would after all derive more satisfaction from tho pleasures of antici pation than from actual realisation. • So that when tho story of Tung Pye is con veyed to the dusky warriors by some black-tracker returning to his happy hunting grounds, the aforesaid gourmets of the northern plains will no doubt scorn to shed a tear over tho repast that lias slipped through their lingers. Hankering after tho ilosh-pots of Mongolia, in tho shape of a 70-year-old Pigtail, would presuppose a scarcity of appetising “ Chow-chow” which we know, from periodical newspaper reports of aboriginal picnics off roast Chinaman, does uni obtain. However, although the natives have boon cheated of their legitimate prey in this ease, there was still tho least semblance of fitness about Tung ( Pye’s exit from this mundane sphere : the poor old descendant of the Flowery | Land yielded up the ghost within .the : .beneficent dominion of a “Flower” 1 “ Tongue Pie” wont the way of all flesh 1 in tlio Ovens hospital ! Buell is life. ‘n ■ I Apropos of hospitals, wo learn from the 1 report of the annual meeting of the r Medical Students’ Society, anp'earing’in ii • Melbourne paper, that those good disciples of the healing art are not without, their I trouble. Among other items in the, coin ■ ■ mittec’s report of minor importance was ' one particularly lugubrious paragraph of I startling interest. “ Uegrot was ex ' pressed that the supply of subjects for i dissection was altogether inadequate, and ; it was hoped that no efforts would bo ■ spared to secure a supply equal to the I increasing requirements of ilie medical ■ school.” This complaint will undoubtedly 1 come as a surprise to the large number (if ? people who have read with alarm tho 1 increasing mortality from typhoid and t other diseases which has prevailed for so l many months in Melbourne. One would ’ think that the ’prentice “ knights of tho 3 scalpel” would have had enough and to i spare of “subjects” while King Death \- was playing into their hands so liberally, . —that cuduvers would be a drug on the t market. Perhaps thero is a falling-off 1 in tho supply, consequent on that grim ’ : sergeant Typhoid, relaxing his harvesting \- operations. Then why didn’t the students i make hay while the sun shone, and pro s vide for n rainv day P Out of the large r amount of spirits ordered for the Mel 1 bourne Hospital, there should surely he a t sufficient quantity available for “ pick ling” purposes. Or are thoj insatiable, and like Oliver Twist, always demanding i- “ more ?” Whatever qualms an iutend i ing inmate of an hospital might have \- upon hearing tho growl of the students . for more “ carrion ” to carry on their I anatomical studios, his sensitiveness must be increased lo skin-creeping plteli when lie reads the reply made by the boss man-mincer to his pupils. The president of the society, referring to the difficulties which had arisen owing tx> the inadequate supply of bodies provided for dissecting purposes, said “ he was hopeful that tlio arrangements now pending would remove all complaints in future.” This sentiment was applauded to the echo by the anatomical artists. What cold-blooded folks those medicos must he! How ofl‘-handcdly they speak of making arrangements to supply this latest long-felt want l 1 think it was a gfeufc and erne lmis take to allow that clause of the medical students’ report to see the light of day in the public press. Wire didn’t they nobble that: reporter bloke ?—an inch or two of the sur- | plus grog would have “ fixed up” the affair, and those hideously suggestive sentences might have been suppressed! The poor pauper patients who may chance to get an inkling of the proceedings at the meeting in question, will indeed he thankful to escape the carving-knife of the demonstrator of anatomy And how anxious a poor devil would feel with his physician scanning him closely,- with cold* calculating eyo, as if to determine whether or not his disease had attained a stage suitable for the study of the dissecting room. And with what dread mis givings lie would swig off his mysterious potion, expecting when relapsing into slumber to wake up and find that ho was “ not himself at all”—being dismembered and laid out in orderly piles of cold meat, with perchance an odd “snip” of his tissue stowea away, in the coat pocket of the youngest freshman, a favorite pastime of the practical jokers. In view of the present low state of the dead-house, as shown by the report under notice, hospital'patients Will henceforth be more attractive in post* mortem condition, ami as eaefurem will doubt less receive more attention at the hands of the doctors than they did before shuflfing off. I beg to say that henceforth hospital, treatment will not ho sought except under compulsion mid all on account of the reporters “ blowing the gaff” on the budding surgeons. AVith such a choice of subjects within the scope of their operations, it looks as if the law of ilcmand is in future to be better regulated by that of supply. Doubtless, the medical “barkers” will argue that the end justifieth the means. But they might have kept their nnicoun.se! in this matter. .Possibly, how ever, there may have been some slight modicum if method in the students* madness It is lossihlc that the dark hints in question were . ;hrmvn out to deter the hundreds of tolerably veil--to-do people from seeking eleemosynary nodical aid at the expense of the private iractitioner. Medical etiquette is the least jit inscrutable tolayinimls;—perhaps this novo on the part of the hospital society of ‘sawbones” is intended as a coup in the utcrcsts of their own prospective practices. 1 PASQUIN. ( 