OASTRA MEM8. fbt a tobmib splitt1. At last tenders are calls for th erection of a new Anglican church for Csitrt, and will he received by Colonel Crawford up to Tuesday, December 10. next. Tlis new building is to b a hand some little edifice, which will nbaaoe tli present attractions of tire district, aa!, if well and faithfully constructed, is liksly tobeeonrea good advertisement, for ths architects, Messrs Corri tnd North, ef Lsiineeitim. . A considers!)! portion ef tire funds for tho erection of tli abov church hsvs already been raised hy local effort, but it is ths intsntiun of th committee to leave no stono unturned whereby they may help t open it olesr of debt, and for that purpose they ur importing u shipment of useful tnd ornamental goods from India, which will very probably bs disposed of at Formby on New Year1 Day. I notico that tenders are now called for rspaira to the State school teaclier'e resi dence hort, and think that trying to repair the old ramalreukle affsir cillad by that name is a waste of money, as tlis -building is gone everywhere; ana rsslly needs new floors, walls, and roof, ana should contain more tbau three pekty little rooms, as at present. It would be far wiser to pull it down and put up u decent cottage. Th vsrivus Goverumtnt oontract are going ahead as well t can be expected, considering the amount of wet wtttbsr of late, whicli lias retarded all outdoor work considerably. Websdals, tire osatractor for the new Stat soliool, ia getting on well. W. J. Andrews, who has e road coo-, traction contrsot on th East Csatra road near Colontl Crawford', expect to get through in about t'nr week., 8tureskr is getting on a fait uo»n b expected with hi rather tedious job of putting a bridge over the Gawlsr, on the East Csatra road extension to Dooley'e Plains. McPhsreon 8c Co. have about completed thsir contract ut th Barren Hill, end are now rolling it. Tli tiuibar trade ie not nwrly so brisk tlii year aa in day gon by, and than are not nearly so many splitter making mod . score oa th Tliirteau Mil, New Bed, Fsrny Bridge, or Ghost Hoi loeelitin as in days of yore, while big tree of " pur " wood are net at all a coinuran article now. In faot, nsarly all the handy timber has, gone, tnd it requires th Csatra railway to . put life into tb trade again by opening up laoalhi that sr not at present payabl. Tli usual amount of olearlng bs bn dune this nason, though asm bsvo a good bit acrubbsd.. No Gliest lis bn sn ut Csatra for a long white now, but if Harry " waa to find a good tree aoma Qhost of tho reret might aria and " ker" him, and than take paiasaaion of the eptil. Skating i said to be an tha wan, and it i only sccaaionally. that I now hiar tha dull, murmuring sound when goiag for my " Post." . Hie potatoes ue nsarly all in, and in moat east tho that are up ahow wall. Tha wheat and oata are alio promiiing writ, though in ths fanner nut la feared. The grate ia Letter than far many year past, and stack gnrtlly are ia high con dition. . There are aaveral " tea-figlita" with their attendant meeting, and coffee supper looming in tli distano, and though th premonitory ligniof tlreircaming are heard. I canuot giro any dlfinlt date for any f them. I lusr we are likely to bav a visit from the Minister and raemben of Parliament to our grand district, and if .ao, and thay are properly shown aronnd, they cannot l>nt see for themaslvea tire possibilities of' tb# district. ' The load generally are in pretty fair repair, tliongh the Itoad Trnst could very wisely expand a few pounds on several . tecalitie. Novinbr 26. 