HAUNTED HOUSES. BY WILLIAM 0. PRESTON. IN the long winter evenings when we gather round the cosy fireside, feeling all the more happy and comfortable because we know it is so cold and dreary without there are few more favourite pastintes than that of telling ghost stories. And .siigtildrly enough, it is often most loved by those who are most in danger of beinig irineved by' it. Most of hs, at one tinme or other bdye ot hyto lieartl ???diil he ;mall hdtirs of the morning listening to tales of horror until our hearts have fainted within ms at the very prospect of going to bed and yet we have been anxious to hear more, and the fascinations of the story have increased in prolportion as it has inspired feelings of greater terror. Here are two such stories; one of them remains shrouded in mystery although perhaps, if we did but know it, the explanation would be as simple as in the case of the other. We will give the more mystefiors oen feist. It is reeounted In . Iltdter, inTroteih lp at mehiber of a ve" distinguished Eniglish fariilly. "Sir James, my mother, with myself and my 'brother Charles went abroad towards the end of the year 1786. After trying several different 1places, we determined to settle at Lille, where we found the masters particularly good, and where we had also letters of introduction to several of tihe best French families. "There Sir James left us, and after passing a few days in an uncomforttible lodging, we engaged a nice large family house, which we liked much, aid whichh we obtained at a very low rent, evin for that part of the world. About three weeks after we were established in our new residence, I walked one day with my mother to the bankers, for the purpose of delivering our letter of credit from Sir Robert Harries, and drawing som!e nloney, which, being isidr in heavy five franc pieces we found we could not carry, and therefore requested the banker to send, saying "we lire in the Place du Lion d'or." Wrereupon he looked surprised, and observed that he knew of no house there fit for cs, 'except, indeed' he added the one thatnhas been long uninhabited in eonsequonce of the rerenant that walks about. He said this quite seriously and in a natural tone of voice; in spite of which we laughed and were quite. entertainel at the idea of a ghost; but at the same time we begged him not to mention the matter to our servants lest they should take any'. fancies into their heads ; and omy mother and I resolved to say nothing about it to any one; 'I suppose it is the ghost,' said my mother, laugh ing, 'that wakes us so often by walking over our bedds.' W?e bhad in ftct been awakend? several nights by a heavy foot, which we sup posed to be that of one of the men-servants, of wh *m we hod three English and four French; of women servants we had five English, and all the rest were French. The English ones, men and women, every one of them, returned ultim ately to England with us. "A night or two afterwards, being again awakehed by the step; siy mother asked, Qress well, ' who slept in the room above us ' 'oNe one, my lady,' she replied, ' It is a large empty garret.' "About a week or ten days after this Cress well came to my mother, one morning, and told her that all the French servants talked about going away, because there was a rerenant in the house ; adding,, that there seemed to be a strange story attached to the place, which was said, together with some other property, to have belonged to a young man, whose guardian, who was also his uncle, had treated hion cruelly, and confined him in an iron cage ; and as he had subsequently disappeared, it was conjectured he had been murdered. This uncle, after inherit ing the property, had suddenly quitted the house, and sold it to the father of the man of whom we had hired it. Since that period, though it had been several times let, nobody had ever stayed in it abovea week or two ; and, for a considerable time past it had had no tenant at all. " 'And do you really believe all this non sense, Cresswell,' said my mother. "'Well, I don't know my lady,' answered she, ' but there is tihe iron cage in the garret over your bed-room, where you may see it if you please.' "Of course we rose to go, and as just at that moment an old officer, with his Croix de St. Louis, called on us, we invited him to accompany us, and we ascended together. We found, as Creoswell had said, a large empty garrett, with bare brick walls and in the further corner of it stood an iron cage such as wild beasts are kept in, only higher; it was about four feet square, and eight in height; and there was an iron ring in the wall at the back to which was attached an old rusty chain, with a collar fixed to the end of it. I confess it made my blood creep, when I thought of the possibility of any human being having inhabited it. And our old friend expressed as much horror as ourselves assuring os that it must certainly have been constructed for some such dreadful purpose. As, however, we were no believers in ghosts, we all agreed that the noises must proceed from somebody who had an interest in keeping the house empty ; and since it was very disagreeable to imagine that there were secret means of entering it by night, we resolved as soon as possible to look out for an other residence, and, in the meantime to say nothing about the matter to any one. About ten days after this determination, my mother observing one morning that Cresswell, when she came to dress her, looked exceedingly pale and ill, inquired if anything was the matter with her ? 'Indeed my lady,' answered she, ' we have been frightened to death, and neither I nor Mrs. Marsh can sleep again in the room we ore now in.' ' Well,' returned my mother, 'you shall both come and sleep in the little spare room next us; but what has alarmed you " "" Some one, my lady, went through our room in the night; we both saw the figure, but we both covered our heads with the bed-clothes, and lay in a dreadful fright till morning.' " On hearing this, I could not Ihelp laughing, upon which Cresswell burst into tears; and seeing how nervous she wn-s we comforted her by saying that we had heard of a good house, and that we should very soon abandon our present Irabitation. "A few nights afterwards, my mother re quested me and Charles to go to Ier bed-room and fetch her frame, that she might prepare her work for the next day. It was after supper, and we were ascending the stairs by thie light of a lamp wnhich was always kept burning, when we sawn going up before us ar tall thin figure, withl hair flowing down his back, and wearing a loose lpowdering gown. We both at once concluded it was my sister Ilannai, anl called out: 'It won't do, hannah, you cannot frighten us.' UTpon whichl the figure turned into a recess in the wall; but as there was nobody there when we psossed, we concludred that IHanniah htad contrived somehow or other to slip avay and make her escape by the back stairs. "On telling thins to my mother, Ihowever, she said, 'It is very odd, for IIaonah went to bed witll a head ache bolefore you came in from your walk,' and sure enough, on going to her room, there we found her fast asleep ; and Mlice, who was at work there, assured os that she had been so for more than an hour. On mentioning this circumstanceto Crcsswell, she turned quite pale, and exclaimed that that was precisely the figure she and Macrsh had seen in their bedroosm. "About this time my brother Henry came to spend a few days with us, and we goveo him a room up anotler pair of strirs, at thie opposite end of the hou?c. A morning or two after his arrival, when he came down to breakfast, he asked my mother angrily whether. she thought he went to bed drunk and could not put out his own candle, that sine sent those Frenelc rascals to watch hini. My mother assured him that she had never thought of doing such a thing; but he persisted in the accusation, adding, ' Last night I jumped up and opened the door, and by the light, of the moon through the sky light, I saw a fellow in his loose gown at the bottom of the stairs. If I had not been in my shirt I Would bare gone after him and made him remember coming to watch me.' "We were now preparing to quit the house, having secured another belonging to a gentleman who was going to spend some time in Italy ; but a few days before our removal it happened that a l?r. and Mrs. Atkyns, some English friends of ours, called, to wnhom we mentioned these strange circumstances, observing how extremely unpleasant it was to live in a house that some body found means of getting into, though how they contrived it we could not discover, nor what their motive could be, except it was to frighten us, observing that no one could sleep in the room Marsh and Cresswell had been obliged to give up. Upon this, Irs. Atkynos laoghed heartily, and raid that she ohould like of all things to sleep there if my mother would allow her, adding, that withl her little terrier she ohould not be afraid of any ghost that ever appeared. As rmy mother had of course no objection to this fancy of hers, lMrs. Atkyns roequested her hIusannd to ride iromre with tihe groom, in order that the later might bring her night things before the gates of the town were shut, as they wero then residing a little way in the country. MIr. Atkyns smiled, and said she was very bold; but he made no diffeulty, and seat the things, and his wife retired with her dog to her room when we retired to ours appar ently without thebo least apprehension "When she rame down in the morning we weie immediately stiuck at seeing her took ok y ill, mid dn i'qiniring i sli~ tdo had beni frIfli ened, she aid sho had lone aoa?-hdt id jhe night by something moving in her room, and that by the light of the night la- mp she saw most distinctly a figure, and that the dog which was very spirited, and flow at everything, never stirred although she had endeavoured to make hin. We Eaw clearly that she had been very much alarmed, and when Mr. Atkyns came and endelvoured to dissipate the feeling by per suading her that she might have dreamt it, shi got quite angry. We could not help thinking that she had actually seen something : and my mdtli- raid lafti fhc be.tis gong, that thoigh she could not bring herself to believe it was riealy . ghost, still she earnestly hoped that she nigiaj get out of the house without seeing this figure which frightened people so much. " We were now within three days of the one fixed for our removal; I had been taking a long ride, and being tired, had fallen asleep the moment I lay down, but in the middle of the night I was suddenly awakened, I cannot say by what, for the step over our hoads we had become so tsbd to thtat it no lovgerdisturbed us. Weill; I dooke I hi?l bedn lying with my face tod irds mi mother ?hld was asledp beside me, and, as one usually does on awaking, I ttrned to the othler side, where, the weather being warst, the curtain of tile bed was undrawn, as it was also at the-foot, and I saw standing by a chest of dJrawers which were betwixt me and the window, a thin tall figure, in a loose powdering gown, one arm resting on tire drawers and the face turned towards rue. I saw it quite distinctly by the night light which burned clearly. It was a long, thin, pale young face with oh such a mclanm clholy expression as can never be cffaeed front my memory. I was certainly very much fright. cued, but my great horror was lest my moteher should awake and see the figure. I turned my head gently towards her and heard her breatlling high in a sound sleep. Just then the clock on the stairs struck four. I dare say it was nearly sin hddr btfore I ventured to look again, arid when I did take courage to tilrn my eyes to wards the drawers there was nothing; y3d I had not heard the slightest sound, though I hadl been listening with the greatest intensity. "As you may suppose, I never closed mily eyes again, and glad I was when Cresswell knoeke't at the door, as she did every morning, for we always locked it, and it was my business to get out of bed and let her in. lBut on this occasion instead of doing so, I called out, ' Come in, the door is not fastened; ' upon which she answered that it was, and I was obliged to get out of bed and admit her as usual. " When I told my mother what h:d happened, she was very grateful to me for not waking her and commended me much for my resolution. She, Ihowever, resolved not to risk another night 'in the house, and vwe got out of it that very same day, after instituting, with the aid of the servants, a thorough search, with a view to ascertain if there was any possible means of getting into the rooms except by the usual modes of ingress, but our search was vain; none could be discovered." Considering the number of people that were in the house, the fearlessness of the family, and their disitclination to believe in what is called the supernatural, together with the great interest the owner of this large and handsome residence must have had in discovering the trick, if there had been one--we must aeimit that these extraordinary eireunnstanees are very dilli. cult of explanation. One of the best stories of a haunted house is that of the royal palace of Woodstocek, in the year 16-9, when the commissioners seat from Liondon by tihe Long Parliament to take posses sion of it, and ffitce all the clmblems of royalty about it, were fairly driven out by their fear of the devil and the annoyances they suffered from a roguish cavalier, who played the imp to admiration. The commissioners arrived at Woodstock on the 18th October, 1649. They took up their lodgings in the late king's apart ments, turned tile beautiful bedrooms andt withdrawing-rooms into kitchens and sculleries, the council-hall into a brew-house, and made the dining-room a place to keep firewood in. They pulled down all the insignia of royal state, and treated with the utmost indignity everything that recalled to their memory the nalme of majesty of Charles Stuart. One Giles Sharp accompanied them in the capacity of clerk, and seconded their efforts apparently with the greatest zeal. He aided them to uproot a noble old tree, merely because it was cailed the Kings O.tk, and tossed the fragments into the dining-room to make cheerful fires for the commissioners. During the first two days they heard Esome strange noises about the house, but they paid no great attention to them. On the third, however, they began to sus peet they had got into bad company; for they heard, as they thought, a superns tural dog under their bed, which gnawed their bedelothes. On tile next day the tables and chairs began to dance, apparently of their own accord. On the fifth day, something came into the bedehamber and walked up and down, and fetch ing the warming pan out of the withdrawing room, made so much noise with it that they thought five church-bells were ringing in their On1 the sixth day, the plates and dishes were thrown up and dourn the dining-room. On tile sevenlth day, they penetrated into the bedroom in company with several logs of wood, andt usurped the soft pillows intended for thie Ceeomissioners. On tile ciyohth and ninth nights, thler was a cessation of lostilities; but on tie tenth, the blicks in the chimneys became locomotive and rattled and danced about the floors, and round tie helads of the commissioners, all the night long. On tlhe cleventh the - ran away with their clothes, and on the twelfth filled their beds sa full of pewter-platters that they could not get into themr. On the thirteenth night, the glass became unaccountably seized with a tit of cracking, and fell into shlivers in all parts of the house. On the fourteenth, there was a noise as if forty pieces of artillery had been fired off; and a shower of pebble stones, which so alarmed the commissioners that, "struck with great horror, tihey crietl out to one another for help." They first of all tried the efficacy of prayers to drive away the spirits; but these proving un av:riling, they began seriously to reflect whether it would not be much belter to leave the place altogether to tSle spirits that inhabited it. They resolved, horwever, to try a little longer; and having craved forgiveness of all their sins, be took themselves to bed. That night they slept in tolerable comfort, bout it was merely a trick of their tormentor to lull them into false security. When, on thie succeeding night, they lheanl no noises, they began to flatter tltemselves that thie spirit was driven ort, ani prepared to take up their quarters for tie whole winter in the Irolace. Tlhese somptoms on their part becamoea the signal for renewed uproar mnosg the spirits. On the 1lt Norrethber they heard something walking with a slow and solemn pace upo and donn thle writhdrawing-rnroom, and immediately aiterwardsashower of stones, bricks, mortar, and broken glasspeltedabouttheir ears. Onthesceond steps woer again heari in the withdlrawing-roome, sounrding to their fancy very much like tlhe treading of an enormous bear, which continued for about a quarter of an hour. This noise having ceased, a large warming-pan was thrown violently upon the table, followed by a number of stones and the jawblone of a horse. Some of the boldest walked valiantly into thie writhdr.aw ilg-room, armed with swords and pistols, but could discover nothing. They were afraid that night to go to bed, and sat up, making fires in every room, and burning candhs and lamps in great abundance; thrinking that, as the spirits loved darkness, they would not disturb a coou pany surrounded with so much light. They were deceived, however; buckets of waoer came down the chimneys and extinguished thie fires, and the candles were blown out, thely knew not how. Some of the servants who had btahkea themsoelves to bed were drenchled with putrid ditch water as they lay, and arose in greait fright, exposing to the wondering eyes of tle comnmissioners their linen all dripping with gotee moisture, and their knuckles led owith the blors they had at the same time received fre sonu eoe invisible tormentor. While they were till spdaking, tlere wa-s a noise like tile louad.-t thunder, or theo firing of a whole pack oiartil lery. One of the commissioners a-ked in a courageous voice, who was there, and what they had done that they should be so troubled.l o answer was returned, and the noises ceased for while. At lengttl however, as the commission"er said, "the spirit came again, and brought with it seven othera worse than itself." Beiing agOiu in darkness, they lighted a candle anud placed it in a doornay, that it might throw a hght uopO thei two chambers at once ; but it was suddenly blown out, and one commissioner snaidl he ha "seen the similitude of a horse s hoof strilkin the candle and candlestick into the middle c' the chamber, and afterwards mrdin:l g thre scrapes on the snuff to put it out." Upon thl the same person swas so boli as to drl lis sword; but he asserted positively that hie hll hardly witldroawn it when irs invisible hals seized hold of it and tuggedl wish him for it and prevailing, struck lhim nso violent a blo with thle pommel that he was quito stununt Then thire noises began again. They were co vinced by this time it was useless to strggl? any longer with the powers that seermed dese. i mined to make W- their aown. These thing happened on Saturday night, and, beingrepeatl on the Sunday, they determined to !car'e s pla?e ?n t rn to Londoid ni By ~des'd-iy mofnfiig esarly, all their prepara" tioes were completed, and shaking the dust off their feet, finally took their departure. Many years elapsed before the true cause of these disturbances was di?covered. It was aeertaine I at the Restoration, that the whole as tile work of Giles Sharp, the trusty clerk of the conmnissioners. This man was a concealed royalist, and passed his early life in W- ; o he knew every hole and corner of the place, and nnmerous trap-doors and secret passages. The commissionCrs never suspecting hii Filaced the i?omost rliianc oponl him; a confidence which s:e abused in the manner above detailed, to his own great amusement and that of a few cavaliers shom he let into the secret. 