" FROM OCEAN TO OCEAN," BY THE REV. T. DE WITT TALMAGE, DD, " lie shall have dominion from sea io sea.' PSALM lxxii. 8. What two seas are referred to ? Some might say that the test meant that Christ was to reign over all the land between the Arabian Sea and the Caspian Sea or between the Red Sea, and the Mediterranean Sea, or between the Black Sea and the North Sea. No ; in such case my text would have named them, It meant from any large body of water on the earth clear across to any other large body of water. And so I have a right to read it: He shall have dominion from the Atlantic Sea to the Pacific Sea. My theme is, America for God, First, consider tJt£ immensity of tlvis possession. If it were only a small tract of land capable of nothing better than sage brush and with ability only to support prairie dogs, I should not have much enthusiasm in wanting Christ to have it added to His dominion. But Its immensity and influence no man can imagine, unless in immigrant waggon, or stage coach, or in rail train of the Union Pacific, or the Northern Pacific, or the Canadian PaciSc, or the Southern Pacific, he has traversed it. Having been privileged six times to cross this continent, and twice this summer, 1 have come to some appreciation of its magnitude. California, which I supposed in boyhood, from its size on the map, was a few yards across, a ridge of land on which one must walk cautiously lest he hit his head against the Sierra Nevada on one side or slip off into the Pacific waters on the other ;—California, the thin slice of land as I supposed it to be in boyhood, I have found to be larger than all the States of New England, and all New York State, and all Pennsylvania added together ; and if you add them together their square miles fall far short of California, North and South Dakota, Montana, and Washington territory, to be launched next winter into statehood, will be giants at their birth. Let the Congress of the United States strain a point and soon admit also Idaho and Wyoming, and New Mexico. What is the use keeping them out in the cold any longer ? Let us have the whole continent divided into States with senatorial and congressional representatives and we will all be happy together. If some of them have not quite the requisite number of people, fix up the constitution to suit these •cases. Even Utah will by dropping polygamy soon be ready to enter. Monogamy has triumphed in parts of Utah, aud will probably triumph at this coming election in Bait Lake City. Turn all the Territories into States, and if some of the 6isters are smaller than the elder sisters give them time and they will be as large as any of them. Because some of the daughters of a family may be five feet in stature, and the others only four feet, do not let the daughters five feet high shut the door in the faces of those who are only four feet high. Among the dying utterances of our good friend, the wise statesman and great author, the brilliant orator and magnificent soul, S. S. Cox, was the expressed determination to move next winter in Congress for the •transference of other Territories into States. ' But,'says some one, 'in calculating the immensity of our continental acreage you must remember that vast reaches of our public domain are uncultivated, heaps of dry sand, and the 'bad lands' of Montana, and the great American desert.' I am glad you mentioned that. Within twenty-five years there will not be between the Atlantic and Pacific coasts a hundred miles of land not reclaimed either by farmer's plough •or miner's crowbar. By irrigation the waters of the rivers and the sho vers of heaven in what are called the rainy season will be gathered into great reservoirs and through aqueducts let down where and when the people want them. Utah is an object lesson. Some parts of •that Territory, which was so barren that a spear of grass ^ould not have been raised there in a hundred years, are now rich as Lancashire Country farms of Pennsylvania, or Westchester farms of New York, or Somerset County farms of New Jersey. Experiments have proved that ten acres of ground, irrigated from waters gathered in great bydrological basins will produce as much as fifty acres from the downpour of rain as seen in our regions. We have our freshets and our droughts, but in those lands which are to be scientifically irrigated there will be neither freshets nor droughts. As you take a pitcher and get it full of waters, and then set it on a table and take a drink out of it when you are thirsty, and never think of drinking a pitcher all at once, so Montana and Wyoming and Idaho will catch the rains of their rainy., season and take up the waters of their rivers in great pitchers of reservoirs, and drink out of them whenever they will and refresh their land whenever they will. The work has already been grandly begun by the United States Government. Over four hundred lakes have already been officially taken possession of by the nation for the great enterprise of irrigation. Rivers that have been rolling idly through those regions,doing nothing on their way to the sea, will be lassoed and corralled and penned up until such time as the farmers need them. Under the same process,the Ohio, the Mississippi, and all the other rivers will be taught to behave themselves better, and great basins will be made to catch the surplus of waters in times of freshet and keep them for times of drought. The irrigating process, by which all the arid lands between the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans are to be fertilised, is no new experiment. It has been going on successfully hundreds of years, in Spain, in China, in India, in Bussia, in Egypt. About eight hundred million of the people of the earth to-day are kept alive by food raised on irrigated land. And here we have allowed to lie waste, given up to rattlesnake and bat and prairie dog, lands enough to support whole nations of industrious population, The work begun will be consummated. Here and there exceptional lands may be stubborn and refuse to yield any wheat or corn from their hard fists, but if the hoe fail to make an impression the miner's pickaxe will discover the reason for it, and bring up from beneath those unproductive surfaces coal and iron and lead and copper and silver and gold. God speed the geologists and the surveyors, the engineers and the senatorial commissions, and the capitalists and the new settlers, and the husbandmen who put their brain and hand and heart to this transfiguration of the American continent. But, while I speak of the immensity of the continent, I must remark it is not an immensity of monotone or tameness. The larger some countries are, the worse for the world. This country is not more remarkable for its magnitude than for its wonders of construction. What a pity the Government did not take possession of Yosemite, California, as it has of Yellowstone Park, and of Niagara Falls, New York 1 Yosemite and the adjoining California regions 1 Who that has seen them can think of them without having his blood tingle ? Trees now standing there that were old when Christ lived. The monarchs of foliage reigned before Ceesar or Alexander, and the next thousand years will not shatter their sceptre. They are the masts of the continent, their canvas spread on the winds while the old ship bears on its way through the ages. Their size, of which travellers often speak, does [not affect me so much as their longevity. Though so "old now, the branches of some of them may crackle injthe last conflagration of the planet. That valley of the Yosemite is eight miles long, and a half-mile wide, and three thousand feet deep. It seems as if it had been the meaning of Omnipotence to crowd into as small a place as possible some of the most stupendous scenery of the world. Some of the cliffs you do not stop to measure by feet, for they are literally a mile high. Steep, so that neither foot of man nor beast ever scaled them, they stand in everlasting defiance. If Jehovah has a throne on earth these are its white pillars. Standing down in this great chasm of the valley, you look up, and yonder is Cathedral Bock, a vast, gloomy minster, built for the silent worship of the mountains. Yonder is Sentinel Rock, 3,270 feet high, bold, solitary, standing guard among the ages, its top seldom touched until a bride one Fourth of July mounted it and planted the national standard, and the people down in the valley looked up and saw the head of the mountain turbaned with stars and stripes. Yonder are the ' Three Brothers,' four thousand feet high ; ' Cloud's Rest,' North and South Dome, and jheights never captured save by the fiery bayonets of the thunderstorm. No pause for the eye, no stopping- place for the mind. Mountains hurled on mountains. Mountains in the wake of mountains. Mountains flanked by mountains, Mountains split. Mountains ground. • Mountains fallen. Mountains triumphant. As though Mount Blanc and the Adirondacks and Mount Washington were 'here uttering themselves in one magnificent chorus of rock and precipice and waterfall. Sifting and dashing through the rocks, the water comes down. The Bridal Veil Falls, so thin, you can see the face of the mountain behind it. Yonder is Yosemite Falls, dropping 2,364 feet; sixteen times greater descent than that of Niagara, These waters dashed to death on the rocks, so that the white spirit of the slain waters ascending the robe of mift seeks the heaven. Yonder is Nevada Falls plunging seven hundred feet, the water in arrows, the water in rockets, the water in pearls, the water in amethysts, the water in diamonds. That cascade flings down the rocks jewels enough to array the earth in beauty, and rushes on until it drops into a very hell of waters, the smoke of their torment ascending for ever and ever. But the most wonderful part of this American continent is the Yellowstone Park. My visit there last month made an impression on me that will la^t for ever. After all the poetry has exhausted itself, and all the Morans and Bierstadts and the other enchanting artists have completed their canvas, there will be other revelations to make and other stories of its beauty and wrath, splendour and agony, to be recited. The Yellowstone Park is the Geologist's paradise, By cheapening of travel may it become the nation's playground 1 la some portions of it there seems to be the anarchy of the elements, fire and water, and the vapour born of that marriage terrific. Geyser coue3, or hills of crystal, that have been over five thousand years growing. In places the eaTtb. throbbing, sobbing, groaning, aud quaking with aqueous paroxysm. At the expiration of over sixty-five minutes one of the geysers tossing its boiling water 185 feet in the air and then descending into swinging rainbows. Caverns with pictured walls large enough for the sepulchre of the human race. Formations of stone in shape and colour of calla lily, of heliotrope, of rose, of cowslip, of sunflower, and of gladioli. Sulphur and arsenic and oxide of iron, with their delicate pencils, turning the hills into a Luxembourg or a Vatican picture-gallery. The so-called Thanatopsis Geyser, exquisite as the Bryant poem it was named after, and the so-called Evangeline Geyser, lovely as the Longfellow heroine it commemorates. The so-called Pulpit Terrace, from its white elevation preaching mightier sermons for God than human lips ever uttered. The so-called Bethseda Geyser, by the warmth of which invalids have already been cured, the Angel of Health continually stirring the waters. Enraged craters, with heat at five hundred degrees, only a little below the surface. Wide reaches of stone of intermingled colours, blue as the sky, green as the foliage, crimson as the dahlia, white as the snow, spotted as the leopard, tawny as the lion, grizzly as the bear, in circles, in angles, in stars, in coronets, in stalactites, in stalagmites. Here and there are petrified growths, or the dead trees and vegetation of other ages kept through a process of natural embalmment. In some places waters as innnocent and smiling as a child making a first attempt to walk from its mother's lap, and not far off as foaming and frenzied and ungovernable as a maniac in murderous struggle with his keepers. But, after you have wandered along the geyserite enchantment for days and begin to feel that there can be nothing more of interest to see, you suddenly come upon the peroration of all majesty and giandeur, the Grand Canyon. It was here that it seems to me—and I speak with reverence—Jehovah seems to have surpassed Himself. It seems a great gulch let down into the eternities. Here, hung up and let down and spread abroad, are all the colours of land and sea and sky. Upholstering of the Lord God Almighty 1 Best work of the Architect of world I Sculpturing by the infinite! Masonry by the omnipotent trowel I Yellow 1 You never saw yellow unless you saw it there. Red 1 You never saw red unless you saw it there. Violet 1 You never saw violet unless you saw it there. Triumphant banners of colour. In the cathedral of basalt, Sunrise and Sunset married by the setting rainbow ring. Gothic arches, Corinthian capitals, and Egyptian basilicas built before human architecture was born. Huge fortifications of granite constructed before war forged its first canon. Gibraltars and Sebastopols that can never be taken. Alhambras, where kings of strength and queens of beauty reigned long before the first earthly crown was empearled. Thrones upon which no one but the King of Heaven and Earth ever sat. Font of waters at which the lesser hills are baptized while the giant cliffs stand round as sponsors. For thousands of years before that scene was unveiled to human sight the elements were busy, and the geysers were hewing away with their hot chisels, and glaciers, were pounding with their cold hammers, and hurricanes were cleaving with their lightening strokes, and hailstones giving the finishing touches, and, after all these forces of nature had done their best, in our century the curtain dropped and the world had a new and divinely inspired revelation, the Old Testament written on papyrus, the New Testament written on parchment, and now this last Testament written on the rocks. Hanging over one of the cliffs, I looked off until I could not get my breath, then retreating to a less exposed place I looked down again. Down there is pillar of rock that in certain conditions of the atmosphere looks like a pillar of blood. Yonder are fifty feet of emerald on a base of five hundred feet of opal. Wall of chalk resting on pedestals of beryl. Turrets of light tumbling on floors of darkness. The brown brightening into golden. Snow of crystal melting into fire of carbuncle. Flaming red cooling into russet. Cold blue warming into saffron. Dull grey kinding into solferino. Morning twilight flushing midnight shadows. Auroras crouching among rocks. Yondef is an eagle's nest on a shaft of basalt. Through an eye-glass we see in among the young eagles, but the stoutest arm of our group cannot hurl a stone near enough to disturb the feathered domesticity. Yonder are heights that would be chilled with horror but for the warm robe of forest foliage with which they are enwrapped. Altars of worship at which nations might kneel. Domes of chalcedony on temples of porphyry See all this carnage of colour up and down the cliffs ; it must have been the battlefield of the war of the elements. Here are all the colours of the wall of Heaven, neither the sapphire nor the chrysolite nor the topaz nor the jacinth nor the amethyst nor the jasper nor the twelve gates of twelve pearls wanting. If spirits bound from earth to Heaven could pass up by way of this canyon, the flash of heavenly beauty would not be so overpowering. It would only be from glory to glory. Ascent through such earthly scenery, in which the crystal is so bright and the red so flaming, would be fit preparation for the' sea of glass mingled with fire' Standing there in the Grand Canyon of the Yellowstone Park on the morning of August 9, for the most part we held our peace, but after a while it flashed upon me with such power, I could not help but say to my comrades: ' What a hall this would be for the last Judgment I' See that mighty cascade with the rainbows at the foot of it. Those waters congealed and transfixed with the agitations of that day, what a place they would make for the shining feet of the Judge of quick and dead 1 And those rainbows look now like the crowns to be cast at His feet. At the bottom of this great canyon is a floor on which the nations of the earth might stand, and all up and down these galleries of rock the nations of Heaven might sit. And what reverberation of archangel's trumpet there would be through all these gorges and from all these caverns and over ail these heights I Why should not the greatest of all the days the world shall ever see close amid the grandest scenery Omnipotence ever built ? Oh. the sweep of the American continent! Sailing up Puget Sound, its shores so bold that for fifteen hundred miles a ship's prow would touch the shore before the keel touched the bottom, I said,' This is the Mediterranean of America. Visiting Portland and Tacoma and Seattle and Victoria and Port Townsend and Vancouver and other cities of that norih-west region, I thought to myselt: These are the Bostons, New Yorks, Charlestons, and Savannahs of the Pacific coast. But after all this summer's journeying and my other journeys westwaidin other summers I found that I had seen only a part of the Ameiican continent, for Alaska is as far west of San Francisco as the coast of Maine is east of it, so that the central city of the American continent is San Francisco. I have said these things about the magnitude of the continent and given you a few specimens of some of its wonders to let you know the comprehensiveness of the text when it says that Christ is going to have dominion from sea to sea ; that is, from the Atlantic to the Pacific. Beside that, the salvation of this continent meanB the salvation of Asia, for we are only thirty six miles from Asia at the north-west. Only Behring Straits separate us from Asia, and these will be spanned by a great bridge before another century closes, and probably before that. The thirty-six miles of water between these two continents are not all deep sea, but have three islands, and there are also shoals which will allow piers for bridges, and for the most of the way the water is only about twenty fathoms deep. The Americo- Asiatic bridge that will yet span those straits will make America, Asia, and Africa one continent. So iyou see, America evangelised, Asia will be evangelised. Europe taking Asia from one side and America taking it from the other side. Our great grandchildren will cross that bridga. America and Asia and Europe all one, what subtraction from the paDgs of sea-sickness 1 And the prophecy in Revelation will be fulfilled,' There shall be no more sea.' But do I mean literally that this American continent is going to be all gospelised ? 1 do. Christopher Columbus, when he went ashore from the Santa Maria, and his second brother Alonzo,Vhen he went ashore from the Pinta, and his third brother Vincent, when he went ashore from the Nina, took possession of this country in the name of the Father, Son and the Holy Ghost. Satan has no more right to this country than I have to your pocket-book. To hear him talk on the roof of the temple, where he proposed to give Christ the Kingdoms of this world and the glory-of them, you might suppose that Satan was a great capitalist, or that he was loaded up with real estate, when the old miscreant never owned an acre or an inch of ground on this planet. For that reason I protest against something I heard and saw this summer and other summers in Montana and Oregon aud Wyoming and Idaho and Colorado and California. They have given devilistic names to many places in the West and North-West. As soon as you get in Yellowstone Park, or California, you have pointed out to you places cursed with such names as ' The Devil's Slide,' ' The Devil's Kitchen,' ' The Devil's Thumb," The Devil's Pulpit,' The Devil's Mush Pot,' 'The Devil's Tea Kettle,' 'The Devil's Saw Mill,'' The Devil's Machine Shop,'' The Devil's Gate,' and so on. Now it is very much needed that geological surveyor or congressional committee or group of distinguished tourists go through Montana and Wyoming and California and Colorado and give other names to these places All these regions belong to the Lord and to a Christian nation, and away with such Plutonic nomenclature! But how is this continent to be gospelised ? The pulpit and a Christian printing press harnessed together will be the mightiest team for the first plough. Not by the power of cold formalistic theology, not by ecclesiastical technicalities. I am sick of them, and the world is sick of them. But it will be done by the warm- hearted, sympathetic presentation of the fact that Christ is ready to pardon all our sins and heal all our wounds and Bave us both for this world and the next. Let your religion of glaciers crack off and fall into the Gulf Stream and get melted. Take all your creeds of all denominations and drop out of them all human phraseology and put in only Scriptural phraseology, and you will see how quick the people will jump after them, On the Columbia River a few years ago we saw th salmon jump clean out of the water in different placeB, I suppose for the purpose of getting the insects. And if, when we want to fish for men, we could only have the right kind of bait, they would spring out above the flood of their sins and sorrows to reach it. The Young Men's Christian Association of America will also do part of the work. All over the continent I saw this summer their new buildings rising. In Vancouver's I asked : ' What are you going to put on that sightly place ? The answer was : ' A Young Men's Christian Association building.' At Des Moine3, la., I saw a noble structure rising, ani I asked for what purpose it was being built, and they told me for the Young Men's Christian Assocoation. These institutions seem in better favor with God and man than ever before. Business men and capitalists are awakening to the fact that they can do nothing better in the way of living beneficence or in last will and testament than do what Mr. Marquand did for Brooklyn when he made our Young Men's Christian Palace possible. These institutions will get our young men all over the land into a stampede for heaven. Thus we will all in some way help on the work, you with your ten talents, I with five, somebody else with three. It is estimated that to irrigate the arid and desert lands of America as they ought to be irrigated it will cost about one hundred million dollars to gather the waters into reservoirs. As much contribution and effort as that would irrigate with Gospel influences all the waste places of this continent. Let us by prayer and contribution and right living all help to fill the reservoirs. You will carry a bucket, and you a cup, and even a thimbleful would help. And after a while God will send the floods of mercy, so gathered, pouring down over all the land, and some of us on earth an<l some of us in heaven will sing with Isiaiah, ' In the wilderness waters have broken out, and streams in the desert' / and with David,' There is a river the streams thereof have made glad the city of God.' Oh, fill up the reservoirs! America for God! The two main pillars of Christ's religion are the depth of sin and the height of righteousness ; and none but He could atone for the one and perform the other. —Thomas Adam. Father, we thank Thee that amid the joys of the flesh, amid the delights of our daily work, and all the sweet and silent blessedness of mortal friendship and love upon the earth, Thou givest us the joy of knowing Tbee, the still and calm delight of lying low in Thy hand, and feeling the breath of Thy Spirit upon us. Yea, Lord, we thank Thee that Thou holdest each one of us, yea, all of Thy children, and the > universe itself, as a mother folds her baby to her bosom, and blessest us all with Thine infinite loving kindness and Thy tender mercy.— Joseph Rovx, Many, indeed, think of being happy with God in heaven ; but the being happy in God on earth never enters into their thoughts.— John Wesley. 