JFrotn the BULLUTI .]) Dear Sir,-- am making frantic clutches at existencuewith the hum of my coat tail, out it is. a. ery difficult game in this insolvent gob of mortar and colncrete which the misguided creatures heretabuts miscall .Melbourne. I love not tils huge pnrallel ogram of soggy masonery ; in short I Hate \--npilal II please' plrinter-this aecurse-l and much-by-myself anathematised city of thlu ahounding Soutchern Cross. Its chamrac 'terfsties are appilln g-prinpter, kindly put aI metal rile Iit hetre --dust In clouds, cold : winds freighted with 'road'metal oned iliour, hot winds freighted with 'pestiferiuss w'ihitls , srom thiu .jlaws of ipeirditio tnis next, aild closeb 1 iliinsd -thoelatter, Icy hbhits agailn. carryig bricks upones their bosom and breathi ilg forth lumps of limo ands partlg stones, hsorriblhsmlll--lin plain.unvarnilshed Aiglo Saxon, stlnkas-bad drainage, typhoid, brng s:htg,hboastlug, blowing, low, dirty larrikii •Ises'asd general 'neoindrelisit sverywhere. From the "bhvel.ledl and copper fastuned vice-regl person Ion his great white threon in a damp Domiin, down to the degraded member of i six poliidt a week Parliamenlt, orthe lost and lsicr- lustinl worm that runs a islaiis se?isrilioase there is iot a goatle ".5 mun'M'itelbsohrne. The 'Whill hlast.feroas crowd of pawned intelligences down here, steer, jeer, and jibber at everything outside !,btheir: otcn. rotten,:ifevir-smittea, typhoid soaked, scandal-den; they brag, brag, brag, in a "sameless, bloshles,hbrazen way about their il soipll'nad candle tExhibitioii about their wide, slhaduless, streets, about their trams, their sudden deaths and premeditated suiciles,, their snakes, dudes, flies, whisky, -"bidlroads. broken hanks,' busted building societies, dogs, distempers and ague, and above and' beyond all, about their Shake i speare Society-a 'congregation of toothless pillars of-information whose name is itostly Smith, who have floated a spectral loan onil \- the ghost of a' past geeneration, and who amuse their ssenile intullects by ,rendling essays to each' other on the numberof hairs that Antonia plucked from Shylock's beard on the Rialto, and the fighting weight. of ]Ianlet two' days before his mother got. married a second time. At any rate,- tiis sort of thing makes thile skill of man press Shoneavily'on his thinking organl,and' he feels out into the vastness of the abstract for some shadowy whierefore to establish the foundations of his whyncss upon. Thu common or vegetable herd shunt Shake. spcaru and prefer to.water the flowar-pot planst:ot'transplanted roylty; 'they howl " God save the Queen." and take off their hats all the time, and when they are not howling " God save the Queen " and waving thueirjlranthatch wlthlt disregardtul prim i ] esii etlsoiysare inaiifacturlig elaborate plots to rob their neigllbours, or convert the .:bloeks,:or, float some now grovel concerniig i Wales." JMelboilrne is aghastly wild rllss dilmlped dow.l by the deep, usdt sea asld 'i ' l nt'sld .Y'arra' smellifl lsands, andll I am wsary of it with na rent and ghastly weari. ness.-Yours, AY iAn .l.r.' Sl,: ,-*-, , us,,: , * , * * ; i .,Ther.,was' a, bad harvest in~ Yorkshire (Eig.,) lnst. year, and tboe question arose wlhether there shoult he the ustal harvest thliilksgivisig. The Ciunccit RevII:w puts the Isinttiil sutcinltly: 's followos i, - What we lshlould recommend is that, whilie thsnking Gi:'tel forwhlat lei'give.''we shouldi make thi servcles of ia ?es festal character." Julst sil Paymenllt by results-mltigated thanks. Sio.w, -, ,oluneamiserahil copytistwill propose that the clergy should lie patl by results. Thomas Hlodgkti was stun, by. a..waup a ihlttta Mitta the other ilay. nid bits frieile ilndilig him rather hadly affected by the cenrrenlce, endavonred to cheer lim tip wihl strychnine ilnjections and ammnlollia spIplfica tilos, inll clnseqiseice of whlich 'Thomas 'terminated fatally very s,? after!' This san death is the result of now fanled clea s in trating pol?sonlliis hired. When we tramped Sthe wilds. it ,was the.,fashiinn. tio heal the ipatienlt sul o the head with rum ; then. ft lie IIplas to die, 'li was toio goriiously' druisk to ,ri;t~le it.' .Mainy a bushmanl' will regret the :old hIommlathliirhi. l icipl-like cures like- saike.-juice verfusansnke juice. . . , . . . .. . . . . . , 