?Rovclist. The GhostLof Oak Crag. ? EV ESTHER jsEULE KESSLTII. ... The old Meadows horse. Ererj-one iu Lennox knew where it wjs. Fcr yi nro only part of it was occupied-. The build- 1 . ing stood upon what was called ' 0.-fc ! Crag, ' and rose, . a great solemn stone f building, nearly sijuare, in the full sight I of the town. 1 | Once it hau been a very popular place, rs the country scat of the Meadows..' Partita from the city thronged it all \- - cummer. It was.'kuoivn as a popular ro »ort while old Crake Meadows lived. But for years it had been nearly de serted, - and moat of the. family were dead. ? ? ' ; ? ? ? The family hadirnpidly died o&t.; -,)ld Drake Meadows list his wife and daugh ter, then parted with this life himself, a, .? leaving the property to two sons— one 'of -whom, veiy wealtlij*, resided in Europe ; the other — well, {nobody knew; exactly where Kick Meadows was or what had become of him. He used to be known ill the old times as the scapegrace son, who was always in diMicu'ty. lie had a- kind of pnssiouate pride, but no dignity. He was hail fellow well met wit'h everybody, md used to g--. fUhing witli the tavern boys, and off on Inight « xpedit ions after . nobody knew what. A 'great trial to his rather tiffy prouil relations, the towns people asserted ; but with them he. was a great favorite. ; III spite of his ;pranks upon their *per 10ns and property, there were generous , -trays and wiiiuiug tricks about the boy- lie would sometimes atone in the most t'J»*ish manner for liis depredations upon i£rair possessions— bringing back the fruit ? or chickens or pumpkins lie had stolen at night, or if the property was destroyed, . more than paying for it out of ilia pockets money When angered or insulted, he would fight like a young demon, and driveicverytliing before him. In his per sonal llijcinga he was iiuite as fervid; and ' U* love and liato like Hick Meadows''' ? liad bcsome.a proverb in the town. ? But when the fmnily left the Crag, ono outuoin, nnd never camp back again, little disappeared from their view. ? Hi- ? mart a lad of eighteen then ; and, notjong ?fler; news t/f his fetherV death came, it was reported that lie had gone; into tho army. Kor years', and years tho house stood ' «mpty. The garden run to waste, the fences grew dilapidated, aud the; trees ' H'umed t» sigh ill aiuouriitul way before the silent door, :«h-li one day a uiessjn ^er arrivwl: from tlm cily to say that K'l wiird1 M-iidowa,. the owner, wanted to -j.utiH occupant in it who would keep the iiIhcJ hi onbr fur the relit, ? ? Thi; news seciued, a pel f: ct godsend to Kmnn I/linn'. Slio never thought for a moment th.c lho houso was haunted ; f»r tlio'pl ice; Jiko nny other deserfed habitation, had gathered disagreeable re port*. Blie only knew tlmt It. would bo a »/-tne for her . brother AVesleily.. and herself during Westerly's studies ; olid ' theiiccordinsly wj'j'lutl for ftawd obtained It. ? , , ? The brother and sister. Were very 4illercnt. Dearie as Kmuw Ijiiiiat loved jt-f brother Westerly Lamar was i bad, jiassionat/;, unscrupulous fellow, ilo lia't inherited choleric blood anil a lclfuli nature from Ills father. All liis jjioi.iier's noble iiuiilfu'es-sceiiicd trinn- , nitted to bis sister. Hinnm wra» the ilder, being t.i cnty-tlireii, Westerly i j » B».ju»t of »(('?. ' J Ilesolute facing of a harif worlil had [Weu I'wimi Lamar nil nir Unit was /t liitle fitim ; but she had cxi|iiisito fea- j ' '? iur-* and beautiful, durk -blue eyes, Klio 14, j;ld Imve been a beauty and a belle if ? iWItud p oesemed the taates mill uiainieis at' » beauty and n be'.le ; but life was mid .iluttyi had hccii a serious matter with tne-r. Hlic had seaii father ntid inotlier die in her early youth ; and now ibu lived for Wrsferly, who was not u very comforting ol jeot to live fur. Westerly wan studying inodicinbi and whs, dt least, an ambitious BluJint. .Of ? - eoursn they woro poor, but Kmma'q eapnbility kopt tbem always in reipjot-' ible appearance, - She kept them slap out tyWst whidi gave thom a strong claim to tho ra Bpcct of their neighbors. . When thoy went to Oak Crag to live, they had everybody's boat wishes.' : No one was particularly foud of Westerly Lamar, but all -'wished him well for his sister's sake. Everyone approved of Emma Lamar, the devoted daughter, and good sister. The first evening they spent at Oak Crag, both felt a littlo strangely. They, occupied tho west side. The remainder of tho houso .was deathly' still. That morning they liad wandered through it, viewing for tho first' time' tho spacious j rooms, half stripped of their furnishings, | murky and dusty, and smelling of mould. I The place was merely a curiosity lo them then,; hut when darkness closed over it, I and thoy remembered what a changed i place it .was siuco tho days whett the grand old place had been their childhood's awo and admiration, tho neighborhood of those cold and desolate rooms j to l their evening firo was a little oppres I sive. »??? ? ? i . 'iThis is a pokerinh place, after all, , i Em/'; said Westerly, after 1h) had Bat I silent a while, listening to the moaning of tlio wind in. tho chimney, while his sister Emma sat by the hearth ,? absorbed in her work. .- 'j: ' ' - . She looked up. ' . ' But it is going to be so much better for us, Westerly.' ; 'It will take all my time to look after that old garden.' * f !. i ' JTot more time than you ought j to :give to excrciso aftor. studying , so ! much.' ? ' ' u';' But I want to go into the city some times.' I And Westerly Lamar rose, strolled to the window, and looked thoughtfully out at the pitch-black 'night. ? ? His sister was silent fora inomcut,then she : ''You mustn't sgo into the city and leave me alone here, AVcstcrly.' ' j ? ' I'd nevt r have coiuo here if I had | thought of that,' exclaimed ' Westerly ' Lamar, impatiently.. . ' What were you thinking of when you mado tho plan, Em? Did yon want to bury us alive ?'' ? e can't afford to .be ivery tr ,'i 3* , Westerly.' . Tp ' Afford .' I'll afford a decent life one of these days,' muttered the young man, ns he turned again to the window, 'and looked at the city lights. i ? ' 1 There was a look of peculiar concorn upon 'his sister's f.ice ns she went on with 1 her work. She might have been hurt by ! her brother's ingratitude, or perhaps she ; was thinking her plan of coming to Oak Crag might be an unfortunate one. Her expression was very grave, whatever miL'ht be its cause. Westeily finally returned from tho window to his book«. As the moments passed, and tho Clock ticked loudly in the silont room, Emma's head bent lower and lower over her sewing, and at last a tear splashed on tho snowy linen. I She had tried so hard to make the place pleasant and homelike to Westerly ! At least it did seem that he was unapprcciative. 11c looked up at her suddenly as tho clock struck ten. ?'Jim, you had better go to bed. I am going to study till late,' lie said. Eflima hesitated. '? l'm-Bot sleepy. Won't you be lonely here. Westerly ?' ? '* No,' he replied. : ' I can study much better by myself.' So, after a little whilo, Kmma put by her work, bnde him good-night, and went B' ross the hall to Uer room. . She sighed heavily as slio lot down her hair heforu'the mirror; and, as sho looked at tho reflection of her fuce, she saw that her cheek wa* pale, and her eyes mourn ful and steadfast. ? She. went to bed, but did not sleep. She watched the moonlight crecp across tho floor, ana listened to tl.e dismal wail ing of the wind, - until tho chick struck twelve. Then she rose, wrapped herself from the frosty air, and stepped across tho hall. Mho opened the sitting room door softly and looked in. : Tho oil had burned out of the lamp, and the wick sputtered feobly. Tlio room was unoccupied, and apparently had been for soma time, for tho fire was. out, and the atmosphere was chilly. Emma Lamar went back to her bed, and . burying her faco in the pillows, sobbed like a child. Sho realised her dreadful situation. Probably sho would be left alone in that. d'solate place night after night, while her brother was away, Heaven only knew where. She had her secret. For tho last threo months lior brother hod been accustomed aeerotly to take tho night train at elovon o'clock, go into the city, and return to his room: at somewhere about four o'clock in thu i morning. Sho possessed this knowledge I unknown to him. When he would inako his appearance at breakfant, it would bo with pale cheeks and bloodshot eyes, or sullen and heavy headed with insufliaieut sleep. With a dread, that was almost a surety of evil, she had asked no questions. She believed her brother to bo wedded to sAme bad proctico, but alio could not tell what. Ilo was easily angered, and she did not dare question Jinn for fear of causing »t- outbreak which Would bo no satisfaction. 8n, after most earnest I thought, she had. como to ; Oak Crag, I hoping that the chnnga ol situation and I tho demand jtpon his time and attention might alter his habits, Sho was con* vinced that the plan was unsticeoatful ; I snd the prospect of being, left : alone in i that gloomy place night after night was appalling. The clock Kruuk one. Just then a lilight noise startled her. Site raised her liend nnd JUtcned, It was a step in tlio r.ium above. ? Jler liourt stood still, and then commenced beating so that sho was nearly suffocated. Her first thought was to lock the door ill her room, Kliu did this, and Iheiicrent b-ck into bed and listened. Hint could distinctly hear some one going about over head, nnd for a while she wu» completely abandoned to terror. 'J'Jion shinilloinpli'il Home solut ion of tho problem, Thu hoil^u was old, mid thu lioiro might hu catitfcd by lain. lint sho could not, fit ronton, entertain this idea moro than a minute. Tho step became a regular pacing ovur hind. Klio was convinced llialsoiuo one besmu herself wus iu tlio house, Hlio lay and listened to llm sound, Tlrun alio thought it 'might be Westerly ; but nbo know too well tlwt hue brother abhorred those loiw ly precincts overhand, and would by no enter them by night. Ilo was ml.!®* nway, aud she wns alone. In wlmt seemed to her groat danger, . - ' The unite ot roonia tlint the J-»mar« Imd taken were on the ground floor, Uuuim's bii^rooo) .wlndotr w»» sbquf fvri from tho garden walk. „? Through the oak boughs tlio moonlight flickered on the floor, and slio lay , looking at it bb alio listened. Suddenly the sound overhead ceased. Wondering what this might portend, Bho - listened, anxiously ; and fearing, possibly, somo assault, she re membered that her bedroom window was not fastened, and the room was of easy access from the ground. Springing . up, sho w:ib about to slip from- tho bed and fasten it, when a shadow fell across the fl ior in tho patch of 'flickering- moonlight. Sho glnnccd toward the window, and saw a face— a dreadful, wild, ghastly, pallid face — with burning eyes that -mot hers for a moment ; thou tlio face disappeared, anil Emma Lamar sank back in a swoon of terror. ??? ? . .!? When sho returned to consciousness, sho heard her brother cough in his room adjoining ; and she knew that lie had re turned, and it must 'be nearly morning. With a feeling of safety, she turned upon, her pillow, and, resolving to investigate the mystery as day came, fell asleep. It was late when she awoke,- and she sprang from bed before she rememberod tho events of the night. It seemed like a dream as she suddenly remembered what tho last night's experience had been ; and the more -so. when she threw open the windows aud let in the ringing ., songs of the birds. ? At breakfast sho told - Westerly tlw story. He came out of his rotjm ulcepy and sullen ; but when sho commenced her narrative he .flashed into sudden anger. ? ? . ?? ? ? '1 tell you tho cursed old placo is haunted-, Em,' he exclaimed. ' Of course it is. i Thero's no' other solution for such sights'' and sounds. I presume old Meadow's ghost haunts it ; and unless you want ' such ; visitors every night wo had better leave.' ' 'If I thought it nothing more real than ghosts, and you wero here, Westerly, I should not be afraid,' replied his sister. ' What do you mean i by my being hetoi' he said quickly. /' You were not here last night, Wes terly,' answered Emma, hardly willing to meeti his glance of astonishment and nnger at. licr^ discovery, yet speaking firmly. : ^ Westerly was silent a moment/ then said with cool bravado, — ' ?- ' I had business in the city. And I'll tell you what, Em, I may be away any night. So, if you don't want to be loft alone' hore with tho ghosts, you'd bettor find some other abode. For my part, 1 never Was in favor of coming her.' ' Why, what can you want in tho city at night, Westerly ?' said Emlna, sorrow fully. ' ''That's my business,' replied Westerly, gruffly, bending over his breakfast. Here the conversation ? dropped, for Emma felt too deeply for words, and Westerly ate his breakfast' in silence. During tho' forenoon , they wcijt about their separate occupations ;'buf 'in the afternoon Emma came into the sit ting-room where her brother satstudying, and layiug her hand lightly upon his arm, asked, — ' Westerly, will you goiup stairs with mo V'' ' What for 1' he asked in surprise. ? ' To see if ony one is there, or has been there,' sho said. \- l^or a. moment lie looked incredulous. Then he rose slowly, saying,— ?' Why, Em, you must be a fool 1 How could any one get into those rooms ?. They aro locked in every directions liut I'll go up if you like.' ?. They went up-atairs. Tiio stairs were broad and the steps low. The halls, dusty and sunny, echoed their voices when they spoke ; but, though lonuly; tho placo ' was' not in any degree fearfuU They unlocked and opened room after room, all of .which looked, sileii; and un disturbed. At last tliey. canio to 'the chamber from whence had proceeded the sound of footMeps the provious night. Emma Limnr's ho -rt beat- bird ,n nhu un locked tho door. ? Ti.oy; entered. Tho room was-silent, and echoed the creaking door. All was perfectly Istill and undis turbed. Westerly laughtd as his sister looked about tho room. . ' Do you suppose ghosts loavo any marks to ? track thom by ?'? said he. ' Como, Em, don't bo silly any longer. I toll you no live person could have been iu tho room last night.' : r ' What is this?' Emma picked up a glovio from the lloor. Both examined it m surprise. ! . It was a man's buckskin glove, ganiitloted, aud fastened with a hoavy gold button, on whicli wero engraved tlio initials, ' 11. AL' Tho glove boro the impress of a sliapaly liund ; but it was impossible to tell now recently it had'beou worn, it -vas so soiled and stained. V It bun probably lain 'bore for years, where- somo .visitor' of the old family dropped it,' remarked Weitorljv I fancy it feels slightly damp, Wes terly,' slid his sister. i . 'Nonsense 1: It's tiolhing but tlio (limpness of tho room. Them: north-west eli'i in hers, aro : full of chills. Como, throw it! down, and let us go ' down staira.' i (. Hut Emma kept tho glovof 'canied it . down stairs, and laid it away. That night Westerly promised her that ho would not leave tlio; housu, anil tlio brother and siater retired!' to their, rooms at tun o'clock, ' Suddenly, ns the olock struck eleven, a bell rang violenlly thiough tho house. It wiis not thu hall door boll, but proceeded frum .me of the olmuihors. ICuuuii hoard her brother spring nut of .bed with an oath,' The noxt mnmant hu mis nt her door, when alio met him. ' For hoaven'a sake ; what is that, Emma V' ho exoliiimcrl. ? ' It is tlio hull of tho Murth'woBt qhiim her,' she. replied; All Ibis time (hu hell wm ringing,- Sud denly it atonped. ' What sliull we do, Westerly ?' ' t'lirie mo if 1 don't Hud nut what this uiuiinu I' exeluliiiud her brother, Ilo sprang buck In his riintn, nnd, to 10 in m u'a nurprian, ruturiiud with a imviiI vol'. ' Where did you get. tlml, Westurly V 'Nover mind. 'J'uko llmt light and coino with iiid.' Hho was di'ioisod only in slippors'and wrapper, ami tho nlV of the entries wns chill j but slio did not mind, Slio fol lowed lief brother ill bin rnnid apeed up stairs, HI range to nny, his theory of cbo«U liad novel' Hinde my imprpsnloirnn Bor. SliQ'fi'nrod nothiiifj no vague, but niitioipated some straiiga dlneoverV of huniati hoiiiifi wlioi'o all Jmd teemod uw lation. ? - ? ?? ? Tha first strange development was that the door of the north-west chamber was unlocked, it yielded to Westerly's hand, and with an exclamation of surprise ho entered.' ? _ ? i:- ? There was 'no doubt that it was 'occu- pied. jA faint light glimmered on the table, and upon a lounge lay a ninn, evi dently in tho agonies of death. iHis faco was deadly pale, and tho eyes wore rolled up as I if ho wero in convulsions. : Tiio brother and sister stood by. in silent lior? ror. . In a moment the convulsed ' fea tures were soon to relax, and the' breath stopped. ? , Ho is dead,' raid Westerly. \ ' Thoy brought the light to the marble f.ice. ,|lt wus liandsoiiio and liaggard. Westerly uttered an exclamation of sur prise. | !?.' ? ' i ' ? ' What is it, Westerly i ?' I saw that -man -la3t night in the city.' 1 _ | 'Where?' 'In' a gambling ^saloon,' replied tho young man, excitedly. ? i : - Ho forgot at the moment that lie was betraying himself. Indeed;' Emma La mar wjis too agitated to notice the betrayal beyond tho mere words. Sho looked down at the man, and a look of -weariness and socfow on the still, pallid face touched her to tears. ; ^ 'Paliaw 1 What are you crying for ? ?' exclaimcd Westerly, f Hold tlie light a minute.' : - ': . | ?: He {javo her tlio light, then, unfasten ing tlio mail's -necktie, and, bariog his breast', made . various tests J of ? life. The form lay as impassive and cold as marble. .-.v. Ho's dead enough,' said Westerly. ' What are we to do with himi? Sliall I call a! physician, Westerly? I am no afraid|to go down the hill.' } Emma Lamar thought slio would prefer it 'to remaining with tliat- solemn dead figure! whilo her brother went to call help or evidence. ' - Butj Westerly did not answer. After a few moments he covered thelface, and said,— . ? ? v.-:'. ? i ' ?'?; ?? ' Cbme down stairs now;' i : Tliey went buck to the sitting room, put down the light, and looked at each other.! ? - ' . ' How did ho come Jiere, Westerly ?'? ' Heaven, only knows ; but, Em, it's the best luck that ever happened to 1110 T' ' . '. : . j 'How?' ' ! 'I shall uso him for a subject if noth ing happens lo prcreiit — that is, if I see no chance of detection. Prof. Gurdner will pay mo one'hundred pound.:, and ask no questions.' ' Good heavens ! Westerly, j I beg of 3'ou — . . , ' 'Pbhaw!. Hush, will you I There's nothing lo prevent. I've made up my mind. And there's the body — a splendid case. You noticed his dress,- did you uot?' ! ? ' No.' i 'Army — major's outfit, I think.-' He's a foreigner ; 1 noticed his accent last night. Ilo won my money like tho dovil. How he happened to bo in 'this houso is tho mystery.' j ' What killed him i ' Late hours and liquor, perhaps, l'os sibly he took a quiet dose of soincihing to got himself out of tho hands of thc law. lie was a desperate looking fellow when there was life iu his face.'.' ; -.-j ' Oh, Westerly, whero havoyou learned abo.ut these things '.' You have changed so much in a year !' :? i : .' Go to bed, Em ; don't preach 1' ' What are you going to do ?'' ' I am going lip-stairs again. ' 'Westerly, I pray you do nothing with that nun's body to- night.' I .: -j , ' I'll do ivhat I please, Em. ! You had better go lu.bed.' : . I- i ? ' Lt ut. Westerly, the danger of—' ' I will manage my afiiiirs., |Cio to bed.' :.f I lie took another light aud' went Ilo his room, liis sister knew that' lie hail yotie for his surgical case. Trembling witii cold nnd excitement, aud trying vainly to collect bur faculties that she might; think caliuly, sho retreated to her room, and lay doivii,'half sick with the workings of fear, and anxiety. Sho heard her brothcrgo up. ! stairs. Tho thought of his work made her i faint. She prayed .that something .'might; happen to prcvont. Just theni she heard liini returning. . ! . ! i ' Westorly !' sho called. I lie came to the door. i: . . ; 'Listen to nio a moment, j Westorly. . Suppose that ,umu should bo tracked ; hero, and found mutilntod, . what: is to 1 savo you from the - accusation of iuur-- dur ?'! ? ' ? ? . ' - i ? ' | ' No fear of that. Tho family burying ground of tho Meadows will lmyo ono mote j occupant before morning.. 1 shall havoj quite done with him in an hour.' i ? 'Oil, Westcrloy, yon don't rbaliso ivhat} a desperate thing you nr.o doing!',' j 'Don't. 1 1 A hundred ipoundH is} worth a littlo desperation. Go to'slocp,; sis.' ? f . Mo shnt tho door and went- up-stairs.) ICinma buried h^i fitcu in the pillow, audi Wept, in au agftny of .despair. | Nut only! was her brother's work revolting to her,.' hut sho realised how imminent was thu! peril. Westurly seemed : determined to? bring eortuiu destruction .upon! thom. ' J . But sudilenly shy hoard iliim come; leaping down' tho stairs. , lie | burst into} her roiun. | ? \- llo has gono I' [ 'GouuJ' '' I ?'?Yes. I believe ho' was i the devili llow. eould hu take hlmselt oil' when he[ was dead ?' ! t Anil Westerly Lamar, n nniinoiit befori^ mi, eool, lunued uuninst thu Vdour, am£ wipad tho ]ieripIriition of oxoitpmuntfroni' his fnruhead. ^ - I ' How did 'ho go, Westerly j' j ' I don't know. ? I miulu it slight cutji| thu breast, nnd - then oame dmvn for tm£ other : iuatrumouts, ' When I went bifobs hu was gono.' ^ ? ' Were tho windows and dour* open ?' 'Thu dour wtw ajar just ns 1 left it Tha windows wore shut.' ' Westerly, Lum so glad I' 'Of wlintT 'Thatynu did him tin hnrm.' ' ? ' Koul I1' uxebiimed We»tei'ly In a aud don rage, ' Wh'it harm cnitld I passlbly do the man if li'u were dead V' | ' Hut lie wasn't dend,' j ' I tell yon ho was as dead as a post 11' Westerly went hack to tlio sluing roonl, ? It wns nuai.ly ilaybreak, nnd ho liinilo » fire. Ilo silt ovei' it moodily when Emiiin ctinie out, Then ho rose suddenly, and went up.-#tnii's, In a few moments ha cama down with nonuitliing in )ii«!inid, ' What It tlmt, Westerly V1' j *3 ? ' * kCi&S.; \- , « \ .. * !' i ^ ? - 1 ? | 'Nothing but that glove,' ho said, as hjj tossed it down. ' | ? ?; ( ' But' I put that glovo away. This must be the mate.' * J I It was so.' The buttons bore the samo: initials. Emma took theni ia charge as a^ clue to the 1 stran^3 opisodo * of the kiijlht. I t | That; d;iy it was decided | thit thoy -hould leave tho liousc. It b-xro a liorrur to Emma Xiamar ; and, since Her plan in coming tliero \Vus not likely to provo s«c cpssful, it was not worth u*hHe to remain in so disagreeabio a place. They would go back to the liitle cottago they had riinted for the last thrcc years] nirJ live as ijest they might.- At least slip would bv. , ijear to neighbors there when left alone lit night. j* ~ i ji .Sho'had never before in her. life been i So unliappj', an/l sho could not kcoj) back : Ijer tears as sh/v prepared for their re: i moval. Lesidu her di^appointineut and l iorrojv, slio was wearied and nervous from ! the effects of the night's excitement, and | at last, during her. brother's absence, she i flung herscFf down upon her bed 'and cried like a child. rThe poor girl felt tired be yond her strength. ? ?.[.?? ??' | At- twilight aho arose and went into the garden, : hoping, that her aching heitd | would bo relieved by the clear, frosty air. | Besides she' could not but acknowledge to I herself a dislike to* stay ini the house I jilone. Westerly had promised iVreturn j jit six o'clock, and she stood on the hill patching the road, when she isaw a. dark I ^pot upon the grave) n*alk at hor feet. A i Second glance assured -her that it was I j)Ieod, and her heart leaped up iu horror. I pazing in a kind of fascination at the i ground, she saw another and another dull i ted- spot, and- still drops beyond.' Stop ping forward she followed the marks to a little summer-house in an oak coppice, and there upou the seat lay extended the figure of i\ man. - i ? ? £ ( Concluded in our nc,st.) 