BARNAWARTHA. They say it takes all sorts to make a world, but it need not necessarily do so, for there are several types of char- c'er we coald very well dispense with and be gamers by thair absence. Prominent among them stands the mean man. What more contemptible? IreeolUct in my digging days on the Buokland, some years ago, a horse felling down a hole (one 20 feet deep one Sunday morning. Upon it being known, the diggers mustered np to the rescne, and, there being no chance to get the horse up the shaft, ihey set to and dug a trench Ike an inclined plane to the bottom of the shaft, so that the tors could walk up ta the surface- — no small job. The owner ®f the horse being absent, one cf the boys said, " I'll go for a bottle of P.B., and put it down to J. M , for I'm sure he won't be grudge shouting for us for saving his hcrse." Wtll, the P.B. went dowD, and the horse got np. So far bo g>od. But, would you believe it, the owner of the horse refused to pay for the P.B., On tbe grounds of teetotal Chriaiian ty, disapproving of Sunday labor and aleoholic liquors ! Say — wasn't he a skunk ? But he's quite knocked in the shade by a man not 1000 miles from Barny, who got a grape-crashing machine on trial, professed to be highly pleased with it. and purchased it in considera- t;o& of four months' tick, before a host of witnesses. Then ha crushed the whole of his vintage, which was no small one either, and a day or two ago bronchi the grape-crashing machine back again, and said he was going to make one of his own and wouldn't take It. Now, he's what I call the two ends and middli of a mean man. 1 never knew snch a mean man only once before — but he was a Schneider, from Sebno&henhnrg;, near Jerusalem-street, Petticoat Lane. One of the greatest points of difference between tbe horse and the pig down onr way is when tho horse dies he's good for Dotbiug (except perhaps putting ten sbilliogs in some poor fellow's way for his cremation). The pig is just the reverse, not being a bit of good uetil he's lost every drop of blood in his body. :Tis then, and then only, he's appre ciated, fer as a role tbe pig is a jolly nuisance wbdi he's alive. Of course there are nxcept'ons. Some pigs are well-behaved and respectable ; but tbey are very scarce. The majority are per fect scamps, being badly reared and worse educated, so don't "know any better. Unfortunately, some of tho latter class have been prowlicq about Barny for some time past, and appro priating everything available withon1 asking any questions. Two of these marauding poachers were caagbt red- handed the other day by one of our citizens who don't stand any nonsense. Finding the door open, the porkers went in and started on an exploring expedi tion. One of them entered a bedroom, capsized tbe toilet-table, smashing the looking-glass and other sundries ; the other was. found in tbe kitchen, with his forsqnarters in a bag of flour. ALaos: immediately two load reports werehe«rd, and the poaching porkers were next seen trying to make a bee-line for their "dormitories, but were very staggery — i od8 of them immediately giviog up the ghost. Tbe other appears in a very delicate state of health, and it is feared will soon follow his mate's example. One good result is not a pork is now t j ha seen at large in Barny. Not such a good line for their proprietors as Ltting thorn board them?elves, but quits io accordance with the world's verdict ! — theroany Bbonld not suffer for toe few. The r9-nnion at tbe Town Hail the other evening was very successful and enjoyable, and notwithstanding the shortness of the noiiee nearly fifty eouohs were present. As usual, the music was excellent, and, thanks to the enterprising promoters, who were not particular about risking a few pounds, the cuisine was something exceptional — qaito a step iu advance of the old 6tyle, when no refreshments were provided. 'Tis true, the gentlemen never went | short; they could step outside, osten sibly to smoke a cigar, and then slip up to Mack's and irrigate to their heart's content, while tbe sweet divinities were left without even a biscuit or a glass of water. But now things are changed, and the damsels no longer suffer to dance on an empty stomach, but are regaled bountifully with the most appetis' lg choice solids and fluids our golden land can produce. I They say "it's better to be" barn | lucky than rich." No donbi it's true ; J bat it is also true that it's better to be | bora poor than nnlncky. For instance, | a man may be ro poor as to only pos- jgess the price of a loaf of bread, but if he is unlucky enough to lose the mooev I he's a jolly sight worse off. I fear Mr Thomas A n, a worthy citizen ot Barny, is to be classed among the un lucky oops, for he can never climb the ladder of ..life nuccesafully — either the rungs brr ak or ha falls off, and, al'.hough | enterprising a-;d di igent, always manages to keep ro »r the bottom. Ohly a short time ago one of his draught horses d liber»leiy committed suicide in the | Fryingp ut Cre<-k, and now another one has siKC'eded suec-ssfully in breaking I its shoclier, and bd to be shot. Now I what do yon call it ? Luck, chance, I fatality, predestination, or the natural I effect of natural cause ? ' You call it I what you like ; I call it jolly bad luck, I At th# opening of the Belmont Skating (Rink in Barny the other day there was l a very large attendance. Highly amus- I ing to the onlookers, very enjoyable to the good skaters, and very disastrous to I the now beginners. Notably among the hatter were Messrs W. M'N '» J- I W— — e, W. C. S h, and T. R — s, woo indi.&t-ion-ly; (-n'eavored to make h iies in .the floor, but. nly sncceo ed in sO'iing their j-ants, and f.-eiirig very sore undprri»"i;l> tiit-nj, r<> lv»d to give the skates best, pro. t-m. at. any rate. — " iNews ; c irre-pounen". 