[?] \- " - Coiisidering that the Ministry was supposed to hareretoraed from toe country with a very solid iqajority at their back, they do not seem to find legislation such very plain sailing: The Public Service Aet A-mftTxlmftrit "Rill is the first serious measure tackled, and already there have beensignsof trouble. Mr.NImmo, toe discarded colleague of the Ministers, has carried an amendment against toe Government, and it is not unlikely toat Colonel Smith would have repeated toe punishment had not Mr. Gillies turned conciliatory and succeeded in getting the amendment withdrawn. Members had to he " whipped" up, aud toough Ministers declare '.that they wouldhaye hada-emfeoyona divisiou. lt was too rieky a ana: toe Premier, wito a fimpfey rjhation ,toht H wa» best to play for esfy, comSfefced - - - fyi|ficiently 4e: Cause, the -ayifiitih6ebtlo be withdrawn— a clear "Victory fofthe "mover of : -tt.; I fancy that there is not vrifyfochre&eioii; amongst the Government gnpjpffrtftVa, Juf A long we shall find them cl amonng ifer ' \--not oh public queationsj but Upon iho politiI principle first practiced in - Nimino, viz., that the presentlittfelpigs' havo" ' been long enough in clover, and t$M) ofliBT/gBiall porkers want a "suck at toe , When, one takes up the moniing papa - and reads the record of the events of ®6 day before, it is not difficult to imagine that toCTe ia -inma . truth in Dr. Lloyd's osseition'ltoat wff are drifting toward insanity. . Wcaniay.'ff l)g,ilu Telegraph contains two remarkable ifrataneea of " drift," both of which o ecured at Hawtiforn . One case referred to a lioax plfyffd at {^"ex pense of a young man named Steven?. Seine person who was not only drifting, fiutjhad- . drifted to insanity, published a mgsttircuznspecti account of the sadden death x>f StgV(m3, and stated that his mangled corpse was lying iat a local hotel awaiting an iwfofist; SteVens' employer put up the shutters of bia Qp -in re spect to toe supposed deceased , and iVwe.oSjly upon the appearance of the corpse alive aitdweS that the hoax was discovered to b© the ioventiort of a lunatic, or an enemy as rarfirioufi .arid in: " sane as a madman. The otoerca apiaff- nesapureaiid simple. A-jiian imthed Pahner. retident at Windsor, owned a piece ot 'land ia , "Haivtljora. , As tjie noioriotia ; "drain" ran through ' las:, property, r. an . officer of the council 'sought to ffhtei: on the land for - the : purpose - of natchig tots drain. Palmer obstructed Min andwff3 tfoed £I Agsinst" toe '"conviction -he eppilbdi to the Geneisft: 'Sessions, wirh toe rcsUft ttiat 'Jndge 'Gtdsey njffield' the" conviction. : As aoan< as toe result, which was a great surprise: to- the appelant, was made knffwn, PolmwpiMbpn his hat, bade geod-bye: to his-wife at - straight to Hawthorn, and hung hifosglf Sipon a tree on his land close to the drain. That a man should hang himself for Each a trivial reason is proof positive that he was insane. As Hawthorn seems to have its full share of hoaxing lanaties and madmen, I presume that the next sensation ' from that suburb will be % report that Bahner's ghost has been seen haunting tho new Town-hal! or roaming a t night-on the banks of that terrible drain. "" : This is the age of eharapknsbips aad challenges, and in these contests ' extremes, at well as rivals, meet. In Tuesday's Html, Reuter'seableappearsannouncingtheresTiltof the fight between Sullivan and Kliriin for tht prize-ring cliampionship ; and -in the same issue of that paper ia a sfcartlmg c&Trespon-; - dence regarding a still more istoortant toam- . pionship. Mr. O'Donnell, of St. Hilda, and Mr. Wright, of Lambert s&d; Sorife, Mel bourne, want to decide by a duel to toe. death which is the champion hairdresser, ese rival Thartists are even mero in earnest tlian J. L. Sullivan and Jake KflCain. Thev talk business" in such a serious strain that I am satisfied a . wavering world ih .torn by conflicting doubts as to whether . O Donncll or Wright is toe best manipulator ofladies' hail. The rivals have all sorts of -toles and con ditions proposed for the contest, which promises, when it comes off, to be a long and sanguinary conflict. It is to be hoped thkt the affair wili be brought to an issue without delay, so that the people of the colony may be' ut out of thrir agonising suspense. How can we expect Parliament to. make any advance with the business of the country, or confidence to return to land investments — how can we be expected to take interest in anything whikt to's tCrribls " uncertainty oppresses? .To it, ye rival cham pions ! Let us'not burst in ignorance, but give: us : that - knowledge, for- which we are pining. When "we know whether. .Gltonnei) : or Wright- is toe champion hmrdresser— and hot till then— -shall we regam" our appetites and. find lif e worth living once more. . As tlie - Wilhamatown election -stends. . at present time of writing, and if no change in the - position of affairs by toe counter petitfonoccurs, it will be unique in the history of pohtice. A present, according to the, finding of the coin, mitfcee, Mr. Garter, the sitting member, arid Mi. Williams, are adj udpetl to be equal as to tlie -number of votes properly -polled. Now. a tie . in politics is not an unknown re6ord,"bai to01"6 arc two peculiarities about thisone. Both the ex-aeqm candidates are politically 'new men, so that the returning officer, with vtooin rests toe casting vote, will be in a fix. Were one of the candidates the old member for toe district, he would no doubt be entitled to the vote. The other novelty is the porition that the returning officer finds himself in in having to decide the delicate question mouths after toe election, when the excitement mid probably some of toe electors have passed away. Foj instance, two of Mr. Carter's supporters ra&) be dead, and the single casting vote may Ik given to Williams, although toe forme may have a living majority ofone torday ove. the hitter. It is a ticklish state of things, just at present. - The heathen Ghinee has besu stufying . tlif civilisation of the Caucarian to some pufyoee oi late years, and the fact that a celestial take advantage of the Act for toe relief of intoftexii debtors cieatee ho srirpriee in theso times. Thv . affairs of Ah Wong have recently been before .the Insolvent Court. Ah Wong, Esquirej rit appears, was afurniture-maker, affiflinexamma - tion was asked what capitel B haid . to sfert . with. I do not remember what reply he made, but the question appears to bo an absurd one. He could have had noespital, belsause no China- ' man furniture-maker whoposnssed aokdbavs and some cigar-box woodcould everdiiftinto the Insolvent Court. It is said that a Ghinamaa will make a living where a bandicoot couldn't make one meal a day by working eighty-four hours a week. AU Wong must nave started with absolutely nothing, to becose.insolve&fr; — or, he couldn't have been built according to toe usual dans and specifications of Chinamen as I know them. What is there in the atmosphere of ® muiriripal chamber toat tends to intorieate the councillors ? The members of toe <5kjr - Council have been getting up a iittle cd ton bear- garden business ihis week, whilst ton Bichmond Council is still keeping iro f its noisy fend between toe mayor : and ton councillors. It - must - be in . toe air» like typhoid. That being toe case, it wtoffd. be to ascertain by chemical analyiaaf what too at mosphere of ri council imamber is - com posed of. If air in these poes has such powerfully stimulating effects it is but . right that its component paite etoula 'Tte known, and then tee totallms Vronl4 W in- n . position to know whether they "coaidxua vWfo municipal honours without lifetef- twii' principles. Perhaps the cupbotwd wht and the decanters so gqeriy mf eo fiagm stopped that there is a lefux intotoe ; - which accounts for business aS muzziness. afanosnhere ousrht to beetmt ; a&alvrisi; ; ? , > -r ? 