IIoiv the JLiycr Kill a ami Eats . " lb & paper read before tbo Bombay Natural History-Society recently, aud pub lished in its journal, Mr. Inveracity, a noted . shikari, discussed the habits of tbo tiger, and especially tbo- mode in which It kills . v and cats its proy. Somo think bo solyes. by . , tbo throat others by tbonapo of the neck from nbovo. Mr. Inverarity has cxaminsd scorns, of slain animals with spccijil reference to thii point, nnd in every case but one tbo thront was seized from- below. The exception win an old boar who bnd been seized by the back of the neck from above. -Oue of n single fllo of villagers wbo was once seized by tho nnpe of the neck by a' man eater, but saved by his compnoions; lmd no iden > when he recovered nis eenses wbat/hnd- / happened. Whether dislocation of the'tu-ck takes plnco is doubtful. The tame hunting leopards nlways kill by' V . pressure on tbo windpipe, without break ing the Bkin ; possibly the tiger kills in-the same way. It is only by nceident, it at- nil/" that tigers in 'killing sever an important Vein or nrterv. nnd no lilnnil fn snnnlr nl : flows from tbo thront'wounito. Very' Ittrgij and powerful animals tike Iho bull, buffalo - ; ' and bison, If attneked at all, arc In the first Instanco Attacked from the rear, with a view to dicablo them. Having killed, the tiger almost invariably begins eating a hind qunrtor, consuming , one or probably both, boinct'tocs be leaves tbe stomach nnd Intestines ns tbey ore; ' - sometimes he will remove them to one side, making a neat parcel of them. Atig»r and a tigress together will finish nn ordinary . sized animal at ono meal, leaving only tbo bend. In this case it is probable that' the ' second begins At the fore quarter. Animals are never eaten where they are killed, but nre always dragged a short distance. Tbey are not lifted clear of tbo ground, but dragged. . - . V Having gorged himself, tbo tiger somctimei. lies close by hiB prey, hut ifit ishot wCntbet and tbcro arc hills in the neighbourhood, be' will go n long distance off before resting for ; tho day. Ho prefers to lio in a cool cave or in n breeze on the hilt side than la the close / Sot innate. : v - lie returns next night and fiuishes. wbat . is left, but he never cats a second time on tho same spot, dragging the remains' of the prey 10 or 00 yards off. Sportsmen coming . on a balf-dovoured animal and desiring to / catch tho tiger, tie tbo prey to li tree.' The tiger takes about two hours' steady eating to . finish the fore quarters of a bullock. . Mr. inverarity sat over a smnU.tigressone , night wbo ate for ten minutoo, then went, away for twenty, probably to driiik, and on her return ate steadily for two and a quarter .. hours. Ho did not fire, as he could not seo hor. '7 Tigera are cannibals ; tbey will make their . v meals off each other. They arc supposed 7 to kill onco in fivo or six days, and no doubt 7 the tiger after a heavy feed does, net care to ' hunt much for a few days ; but a tiger kills 7 whenever ho can. Tbey hnve been known to kill on H consecutive nights. . . l£Mr. Inverarity believes that anims& killed .. by -tigers suffer, little beyond the pnnic of e few seconds. The shock produces a stupor and dreaminess in which thcro is no- sense of . pain or feeling of terror. .The powerful- _ stroke of the fore paw. of the tfger is s fiction; he clutches with bis clawr as ous : : might with the fingers, but docs not strike a. Tigers wander immense distances it night, and, as thoy liko easy going, they goon roadi .- and paths. They do not tike to move diir ' v ing the haet of tho day, as the hot ground/ / 1 . burns their pads nnd makes them raw. Tbcj can on occasion climb trees. In Salsette ono climbed after ft certain 7 ' Pandoo, but could not reach hlmf and ro«: < . tired. Pandoo, Ihioking the const clear, got . down and ran toward homo, but ou the way- was caught by tho tiger and killed. Tbo inqaest report stated that Pandoc died of tho tiger , eating lfim'; there was m other cause of death. Nothing was lctf ' ; / except somo fingers, whioh probably ba« > longed to tbe right or left band." Nativci » bavo a belief that the ghosts cf the roan . ' enter's victims ride in -his head and warn- him of dangor, or point, tho Mray to fresh 7 ;v victims. . ' - ' . 7 