INSPIRATION OF THE SCRIPTURES. BY DAXIEL StEBLE, D.D. My belief in the Bible was at first traditional. I acquiesced in the faith of my parents. The liook of hooks was reverently read aloud twice daily beside ray •cradle. 1 here publicly record my gratitude to God for this simple kind of faith in His Word. While asimll boy I bewail to infer thit there must be sum 'tiling divine in a Book from thestudy of which my mother came forth from her closet with a heavenly serenity, mii 1 the adversities aud asperities of farmlife. which sorely fretted my less spiritual father. After thi-, a wider observation revealed the fact that the bust specimens of moral excellence and true nobility in m.v little world were believers in the Holy Scriptures who were endeavouring to exemplify its precepts. My st udies in modern history soon convinced me that this is true of nations also ; that t.he lUhlereading nations are at the top in intelligence, the mechanical ar;s, morals, and in all the elements of national progress, greatness, and Dower. The difficulties I found in my Bible, as I began its study, especially in harmonising the four Gospels, were a gre'at perplexity, as discrediting the message of God to men. Why should a good God tantalise us with sayings enigmatic and dark ? Why should not the Father of lights bestow a perfectly luminous revelation of Himself I soon found, however, that most of my difficulties were metaphysical, arising from the attempt of the finite to fathom tiie Infinite, and that on the practical question of duty there was no darkness. I found relief in Bishop Butler's remark, ' tint revelation is designed not only to communicate truth, but to test our loyalty to God ; that probation consists not only in obeying His will when clearly known, but in our treatment of a partially obscure revelation, patiently examining it in order to know what that will is.' llobeit lhiU's apothegm, 'A religion without a mystery is like a temple without a gid,' alleviated my perplexities, as also the thought that the diflieultics in the Bible have affordid the human intellect its best pakestra in which to wrestle and gnnv strong. ™The supernatural element in the Bible never trouble^ me much. I early found that I must beliefc in a miracle anyhow, whether 1 accepted er rejected its Divine origin. If 1 rejected it, I must believe a •greater mira-de in accounting for its earthly origin. 1 know what men cannot do. They cannot build up Niagara, nor scoop out the Atlantic, nor pile up Mouut Blanc. 'They could not invent tbe Bible. Any four boys in a primary school could more easily originate the life and plaj s of Shakspeie than could four common men fabricate the four Gospels, the unique, symmetrical. and eiule^ character of Jesus Christ, His ad Iresses measureless in their sublimities, and llis parable; fathomless in their profundities. I could sooner believe that four stoaemisous of Boston b.iilt the ' Milky Way.' Thus far iny faith rested on a mere intellectual basis, an admiration of Christ's charac'er, the story of His life, death, and resurrection, a literaly achievement transcending the combined powers of mankind. Ileuce the inference that the Old Testament, the prophetic record of that life, aud the New Testameut, its historic record, could not have come from beneath the skies. But inference did not deliver me from periods of distressing doubt. At this point of my h'stoiy, through the mercy of God. a new an 1 demonstrative style ol proof was marvellously op.:ued to m-j, If any nun wills to do llis will, lie shall know of the doctriiui, whether it be of earthly or of heavenly origin. 'Taste and sec.' I tasted, and I now see, by a set. of spiritual intuitions quickened into activity by the Holy Ghost, that Christ, the central theme of the Bilile, is a real and living Person, who lias manifested Himself unto nie, even me, as the Almighty Saviour, delivering me from the guilt, the d iminion, aud thein i welling of sin, giving to me that certitude of my souship to God, which the Greek New Testament calls epignosix, so that I am neither an agnostic nor a gnostic, but an epignostie (not yet in the dictionary). one who knows Gud and His solvation with assuiauce excluding all doubt. I have given heed unto the sure word of prophecy, until the day-star has arisen in my heart, It is a star that outshines the sun, and a star that never . L ets. tilory be to Gud f.;r causing that star to rise in the firmament of my soul 1 You ask me, ' In what sense 1 believe the Bible to be the Word of Go 1." 1 answer, in the sense of a, better than Jacob's ladder to this kind of star-gazing. He who mounts will have the glorious vision. This is the short road. The lonf. wiuding, and wearisome staircase, which only long-lived experts have time to climb, is through criticism uf the original text, proof uf cauouicity. genuineness, authenticity, modes of inspiration, and the tnlless discussion of objections. Take the lilevator. — Our Dai/, TIIK ART OF SELF-DEF^N-CK.—" Do you think it would be wrong for me to learn the noble art of self-defence V' a religiously-iucliiied young man enquired of his pastor. " Certainly not," answered the minister ; "1 learnt it in youth myself, and I have found it of gre.it value during my life." " Indeed, sir! Did you learn the old English system, or Sullivan's system," " Neither. I le amt Solomon's system." " (Solomon's system V' " Yes ; you will find it laid down in the first verse of the fifteenth chapter of Proverbs : ' A •soft answer iurncth mcaij wrath' It is the best system of self-defence of which I kuow.— ffci elected, j Scandal is what one half the world takes a -pleasure in inventing, and the other half in believing. 