NEW SOUTH WALES SPORT. From our own Cor;tiespoxr>evt. SrnNFT, Mundav. Since your last ikpup we have had several meetrne? in the colour, h«t none of aoj'ihing like iinp'irtftncf. Last Saturday there was a gathering ai R jathil! v.liich iras attended by about 30W) i>eonle. The weather iraa tbrtflrefi- intr, but no rain worthy liie name fell. Tiio fields were not up to the usual standard, tliere byin only a total of 43 sLirt'-re for tlie whole pis event.., and tlie finishes won- tame. 1 was Riirprirted tu se<\- y«'ung Jack Fielder upon Vjolauto in the opening evenr, the (rranville Sinkes. Tlie tiewu ttiat he had been disquali fied nt Flcmington for the rest of the ra-eting on the third uav had not reached u«, and he therefore had something to do. Not peitine t(»u-ivell awny he fini«:h?d a good second to JComisch. while th-- favorjte, Lady- Kfogs- borouph, finish-d third. There were only ihrne sturtere for theJInrdle Race. Butter, with Battye np.wae thought to hi- a good shing, Lut lie ci/.ild not fare with Old Parade when it camoto racing,:;nd thf-.sonof lIaTtliornd<-iiwc-ii easily. He was bought in nt so that the club did w--(i out of i\ Neta, by The JJrunun-r, from Otim, scured a very easy win in the Nursery Handicap, for which -he went outatti lo 4, II" fini-liiug sf'ond, and tlie top weight Marvel third ; but he hadn't a ghost -if a show wi'h the leader. The tiin®, lmin 3-;«c «as very fair, and I think the winner is about tb" eiual of any two jear-old unt this season. Fied«'r scored a win on Creeper in th'» HnndJcap S'Uincr Rice, and as she was bought in at L33 Lh" whole went to the club's funds. Mr John Mayo havinggone to the trouble and exiv-nre of brinamg down llavensv.'orth frtnn M:ii'i:md fir the Welter Handicap, tlie jiuljlic lurked h;m r.?cordingly, laying G to 4 on him. Tim iiun-i-, liotrever, showed vi-ry in.iilf -imi! imin nnd f.«u-in-d a bad third, li' llring -r, winning ensily frciu Hengist. Only five went out for ihe Steeplechase, which Melton wou easily though he nad 12si 101b up. Luting last wvck tin re Ws-rc two race meet ings held in the country, viz., at Orange and Arinada!". Both meetings provided good sjnirt nnrl fair fields. The Orange Jock--y Club commenced on Thursday and concluded on Friaav. The priucipMl event on the first day was ill Towu Plate, of 75 vivb., which was won by Mr K. Cousin 'fi Shooting Star, carrying 7st fiio. This horse has been going to cum" for a 1 mg time pasr, hut this is inn firet record. Jin owner deserves iieiter luck, llnnunny finished second, but turned the tabhs on the «ec.md day, liv winning tlie Jock<y Club lLndicap, of 350 For#., baiting Shout'ng Star Ijy nt arly two lengths. In th" raco for the Sreward'a Puree, on tire second day, a jockey named Tienjey was thrown from a horte call"d Harpv. Tii" rider was killed on the spot. Ho was a well-behaved boy, and was at. one time with Tom Lmnond, The New England Jockey Club held their gathering last Wednesday and Thurhclay, at Aniiadafo. and are reported lu havi-hao a very good gathering. Tlie crack of the meeting ap pears to have lieen the uhl Wagg.i Innw O id Stocking. He was not eqnii t; tlie occasion on the fir" day in the City Handicap, whieh ' was won by Mr R. Johnson's Wndswor'.h, but got home a neck in front uf me winner on the second day in the New Englaud Cup, with Bet up, and then followed up the bucc-sr by winning the Grand Stand riate, with gst 3lb, again (jfutiucr Wadsworth. The great event of Saturday next will be the first day's racing at Wntwick Farm. Judgiug by the entries rcc-ived the spirt will b« real , g .'od, and it I ha\c hoard aright nil cases of " shunting," when visible, will b" bandb-d in a business-like manncrby thec >mnittree. Double books have been opened ou the double— Open ing Handicap and Warwick Fsirxn Cup— at. 200 to 1. In one pic/c for the Opening Handicap my selection wculd be Consequence, but Little Burnie. Glen Klein, Too Snr>n and Tea Tray must all run well. In the Cup, New Guinea, Kaitb and Aberdeen look to liavea good show A gjcd special train Fcrviee is to be put on, and it is said nil jmsi-iigere will b" landed back in Sydney by 0 o'clock. Mr Guerdon is working bard to make tlie place a success, as also the whole of the committee, and I think it will be a popular cour-e. Lat Wednesday the Svdney Driving Patk Club held one of thir regular meetings at the agricultural grounds. The dny was tine, and the attendance a good one, while there were no accidents. The feature of ilie afternoon was the form shown by a black mare call-d Little Lister, by a horse called Gulliver, and owned by n Mr L. Vint 11. In th" Flying Handicap tifu- went out at 10 to I, and fairly run over thus" opposed to bir, with 7t Dlb, doing the f»ix lurloug- in limn 20£ec. This succps she followed uu later on by winning the Moore Pari! Handicap of a ir.ile and a quarter, with 7st, in Sii.iu 10 4-Gthsec. Of course she was backed f.»r thi, but Albion went out favorite, but failed to get a place. The Time Handicap Trot wpp, as usual, with trotting evenip, a farce. There were nine starters. Prince (14:>ec bi-hiud) and L. Jeanne (22sec behind) cleared right away from the field. Prince, when it looked 10 to 1 on him, broke, and L. Jeanne won in Srain 52 4-5tbscc. The funny part of the business, to my thinking, was the fact that the winner had 35ib over-weight up, and then btarted favorite. The S'-lling Race was won by Oh Jane, nnd t&e; lark stakes by First Gem, a son of Gem. To-day (Vednesdaj') there will be another fony and trotting race meeting at Mocrefield. t appears now to be a regular thing fur a Wednesday trotting and pony meeting. The news that the hon W. A JgZg was a puichast r at the St Albacft sale is pleasing. He is gKting a svrnig -of good ones together, ind it will br Rasing to sec h.s magpie jnekee ouce rre to the fore. Perhaps that will hap pen before long. That newly-formed body, styled the Liver pool Turf Club, received excellent entries (or a meeting to be held on 20th March. A total of 9G was taken for the six events. Your readers will remember that Z told of M'Nulty, the well-known light-weight, having to appear before the Canterbury Park »te\vards to answer questions bearing on the running of Hazel in the Park Stakes at the last meeting. The matter was gone into lust Thursday, when, after a lengthy sitting, the matter was dis missed. The Dunbo Jockey Club are out with their full programme for I5th and 16tb May. The principal handicaps receive 150 sovs and 100 covs respectively, while the other events ore also well subsidised. This dub is making many improvements, amongst them being the building of a new grand stand. The g»Uant little Sardonyx is nut yet a dead un, and there appears to be a chance now of Hs getting all right The injury is still dis charging email pieces of bone, but the horse appears to be in good health under the Irving circuoistancrs, and eats almost as well as ever. By Wire. Tuesday Evening. The Melbourne meeting has so absorbed at tention that not a blow has yet been struck in straight out betting fur the Inaurural War wick. Farm Meeting. Stveral of the ring mm won't return until to-morrow, but when settling takes place on Thursday, business is likely to be more brisk on the opening handicap and cup. A con siderable amount has oeen done in doubles, from hundreds to one opto thousands to five. The chief choices are SpoSt Child, Paddy, > Consequence, Lady Marion, Glen Elgin. Too" Soon, Lady Lyon, Tea Tray, Dollyf.4iittle, Birnie, and Teste for the Sprint Race, 1 coupled with Wycombe; Marie, Aberdeen, ,a&d; New Guinea for the Cup. Foxes are rapidly infer sating in the Ararat district, and at each of the monthly meetings of the Anitat Shire Oounctl foe- some tune pasV claims for the destruction of these animals have, been settled. Two young lads named Bryant and Lyth lately came across a fine fox in the asylam paddock, about two enilea and a half from the town. The boys were out abooone,' and bad both discharged their gam atapbrecn, when Bernard, alarmed by the ntnsc, broke cover. Their dug ct«>uwd the animal, Li t U. turned athay. Before the boys cqnfd rel- a 1 ii tanuhed in the scrub. 