Meadow Sweet. In Summer fields Ihe meadow swvet i Spreads its white bloom aroumUih:: feet i Of tliosc'.wlio"|iasriif lrive':.6r"|ilny. | The fptfdenihbnii'of.liul^ • * " Andheart to answering licart'<can beat 1 Where grbws'tbc.siniple meadow swi- et. f Embosomed in'some cool retreatfv 7 j The ibiig seeil grasses.bcnd .tomeet i The stream that"mHhii!ire?ri3^it?floirs ; Songs of forget me not and rose6; T The ' • j Is faintwithsccncs^ i Ah, love ! do you know mcsvJoVsiveet J I Docs some pale ghost ofipassionjSlleet j Ado,yvu this dreary lapse ofyears, i So void of lbtcj stffull of fears ?- I Some ancient; far off echo greet < j The once loved name of meadowsweet t | An- Ingenious Swindle-—A swindle recently detected is conducted as follows : A cheque, say for ten guineas, is obtained from a depositor at a bank, and .a blank cheque exactly like the filled-in cheque is secured! The two cheques arc laid one upon the other so that the edges are exactly even. BotL' cheques nrc[then torn irregularly across, and .in such a way that the signature on thejilled cheque appears on one piece arid the amount and name.of the payee on the other., . The chequcs having been held together:. while ^eing torn, of course one piece of the, blank cheque will exactly fit the other piece of the filled cheque. The swindler then' fills in one piece of the blank cheque with the name'of the payee and the amount to suit himself, say one thousand pounds, takes it with the picce of genuine cheque containing the sig nature of the bank, and explains' that the cheque .was accidentally torn. The1 teller can put the pieces together, and as 'they fit exactly, the chanocs are that he jwill ,thiuk the pieces are parts of the same, cheque, and become a victim to the swindle.Thfe trick,' of course, suggests its own remedy. J'The teller should refute to nay cbegue tb*( ii autilik^d.J Among the "fcoers " orpeasants of North Holland, when a young man is enamored o£ • girl, he repairs to the house of her parents • week or two before Easter or Kermis'tinie, at nine o'clock exactly, and generally on a' Sunday. If on entering he is ofiered a chair, .he may consider himself a welcome visitor, whan the parents withdraw, in order that he may press his suit. If not, the damsel addresses him in the following lines :— " Zicje maar het vuiir gaat Ban vjectje waar de deux itaat," the blunt meaning of which is that he had better make as straight for the door as the flames go up the chimney. In former times it was the custom for the bride's trousseau to contain her shroud and cap, and in some districts it was the practice for newly mar ried couples " to provide themselves with several elm planks, from which, at the close of life, their coffins were made. These were considered as indispensable portions of the household furniture, and were known as the 1 huishold j>/anhm." Among the primitive folk who make these curious additions to their anti- marrital gear, the door of the bouse in which the bride lives is painted green, and when the wedding day arrives flowers and evergreens are strewn in front of it as the young people, attended by their friends and relations, proceed to the Stadhuis. On their return, after singing lively songs, a large silver bowl, used only at birth and marriage festiuities, filled with brandy and raisins, is produced and circulated among the guests, after which a substantial | meal is eaten, one of the invariable dishes being gray peas mixed with raisins, and in the singing and dancing which' follows, one song "Hoc zoel i.i't teaar de vriendschap woiint."—'! How sweet it is where friendship dwells " is never omitted. In Drenthe the wedding guests are, or were, biddon by two bachelors, called " broadneugcrs," who carried wands gaily decorated with ribbons, and on arriving at each house repeated a number of doggerel verses, the burden of which was usually the bill of fare at the coming feast. Among other curious matrimonial regulations which at one time prevailed in Holland, no citizen was permitted to marry out of his native town, except on payment of a heavy fine, though it is perhaps needless adding, a great many ingenious couples managed to evade this sumptuary law. Colonel Bull Wheel, the editor of a Penn sylvania newspaper, thus condoles with the infant King of Spain : " Our royal brother of Spain will have our sympathy the coming fly-time. He is bald-headed,'like ourselves, and not so used to fighting the tormentors." 