? jofToD^is dead. , iroman. nwFMi'v's: ^ have Tonga is usually eighteen brothers * t living." K 1,ri n 8 s thcm a,0Qg > heavCQ 7o«r surplus. litvEF.iw ;E says that by blowing iu a man's I dislodge anv foreign bodies stuck m t Now we lii'iow why aldermen never ritbanquets. Ln-ra astronomer, M. l!»initis, sayB the railing into sun. Let us hope the , fire brigades will liave come to an Clrt before this event occurs. 'Imlfso* WILUAMS eay? that the more at,medical man becomes the fewer drugs SInpatients. Irue; any ignoramus can Linvalid if you give him drugs enough. IIMIEUVABD* informed the South Austrajelately that tJicy arc "almost the finest [imeD he has ever seen." He has evidently ration in l» e mind—the Bigfeet Indians, |y. Irarsr. to Admiral Fairfax, the New South ICowraroent are the only Government iu Irlditho bought their guns before they built •fortifications, Who now questions the (lily of the " only statesman ?" Imerican paper recently to hand says that litkioo i6 an elegant dresser. This is not loftbcway in which he dresses down his I, bat refers to his raiment. We have only IjKtion to lind with Pete's raiment—his j at the knees. „ that, in the event of a war breaking ,„» Victoria and New South Wales over ,,y waters, Partes is prepared to proceed jontand read his poetry to the foe. Since loltbis Mr. Gillies has commissioned our (bid himself in readiness, t shifting fortunes of his early life, Sir bHtes entered the Custom House in the iofgenerally useful. While there he wrote |to the Sydney 1'ress which, in the opinion nperiore, indiscreetly revealed the inner Ml the office, and for this breach he was PRSFICF WINTER, who metes out law to is, sentenced some youths to death siitlj'. l'he offeuders confessed their guilt tgsl proceedings tripped along in rattling ['Although liis name's Winter, his actions Mry," «as written of an official in a colder roKew Guinea. term: Murray br.s been chilled in i It was thought early in the week that latch & bad cold, but he has got ofl' with IT frostbites. There was a gigantic effort jpatnp warm air on him, but it didn't.do. libit he wa6 not quite big enough qot d people passed the door. Blh of Miss Maria Mitchell, a lady Brirho knew how to take a lunar at the pitren, is announced in the American This lady attracted little attention in Latere her record is broken every day. jrcn can take a lunar here as soon as they peir thumbs to their noses. sstonished that Miss Belle Bilton's e been a of flowed by Pit ranUf™ " ! our local music-hall 0Ur Mw/ woold-be aristocracy. ».1T ar ( r - V ,, mU8i0 - ha11 B ' n 8 ers our pjlwl . J' 11 ™ KogUsh habits BO ItUmnU l D , !i easy way of copying I toloLi' 1 hcre are "some'-very Borne pretty iem geb here • * v and "'HI there, mere, auu and re S0OQ J that t? residents of Toorak \- V '"T niil «ners of the good old 0SII 1 6 tbeir bold upon us. A HLCE JACKET, the worse for liquor, entered an Auckland church in which Admiral Fairfax happened to be engaged in prayer. The Admiral jumped from IIIB knees, ran the man out with his own handB, told him that he would kick him to if he didn't go back to his boat, and then returned and proceeded placidly with his petition. Mu. THOMAS D. JENNINGS, the Hobart FalstafT of 32 stone, rolled up to the Colonial Secretary's office in Sydney one day last week and gave hie capacious paim to Sir Henry Parkes. Mr. Jennings is a. genial man, and his presenoe begets geniality. It is four years Bince he was in Sydney last, but his face and figure would be easily remembered over three times that space. He went to the theatre in the evening and was able to enter without having a wall taken down. AT a meeting of the Victoria Institute, held in London lately, Professor Sayce delivered an address concerning the library brought by Amenophis III. from Assyria to Egypt thirty-four centuries ago. We suppose this was what we now call a circulating library. Those were the days when they printed on bricks. When a man wanted to borrow enough literature to last him for an evening's reading in those days he had to bring it away in a wheelbarrow. MB. T. A. BROWN, Police Magistrate of Albury, should be a happy man. Ho has w ritten the beet genuinely Australian novel ("Robbery Under Arms ") yet published, and he has had a letter of congratulation from Lord Rosebery, asking if the incidents related in it were true. This is about all he has got out of it j but isn't this enough ? Wc know a gentleman who brought out a publication in Melbourne not long ago, and all he received was a score or eo of letters from creditors beginning with, " Now that you are doing well we hope you will Bee your way to settle that little account, etc." He is Btill in debt to hia printer, by-theway. MR. J. INGLIS, one time tiger hunter, one time tea emporium canvasser, one time newspaper manager, and one time Minister of Education in New South Wales, feels heavy at heart. His reputation as a statesman is being kicked, cuffed and sworn at. When Minister be cut off fires from the schools, and imposed the cleaning of the rooms on the teachers, making up by this twofold retrenchment a few pounds whereon to stand when figuring as the leading political economist. Now his successor, the eloquent Carruthers, has ordered that fires shall be built and the schools cleaned at the public expense. Inglis toasted his toes at a patent stove and bad his office cleaned out at the public expense at the time he retrenched on the teachers, but argued that there was no analogy between a man paid £1500 a-year and one paid a trifle over £150. Carruthers advances the analogy and stands firmly by the side of it. He saja he sees no difference and that he, as Minister, will pay for the firing and cleaning of his own offices, and will make the Under-Secretary and other officers do likewise if he is thwarted in his efforts to relieve teachers from having their salaries taxed to meet these necessities. Where the poison of wi the sting comes in iB that Parkes, who was Inglii Inglis' Premier, and who is now Carruthers', pats the " " latter on the back and snorts when anyone couples Inglis and economy. MB. J. MEAUBB has put the thirsty section of New South Weishers on their guard against coalition Governments. As head of the licensed victuallers of Melbourne he traces all the woes of the lifters of pewters in the land of Gillies to the fact that political parties have been all fused into one mass, and that that miss delights to Bwim about in water. He toli a gathering at Albury that coalitions arc a curee, and that New South Wales is happy in having two political parties ready every hour in the twenty-four to scratch the eyes out of one another. Mr. Meader sees straight for about half-a-mile, then either his eyes shut or the visual rays double round corners, for, in the first place, a coalition might like to swim in beer and not in water. If it swam in beer that would be right into Mr, Header's own tank, and instead of being a curse such a coalition would be, or thould be iu his eyes, a blessing. It is not then the coalition but the sort of the coalition that taps for tears. In the second place Mr, Meader does not notice that in the colony "cursed" with a coalition there is no duty on colonial beer, while in the colony " blessed " with acute party Government there is a stiff duty on that rasping liquor. When Mr. Meader gets as far as he can see in a straight line he ought to call in a man and a couple of boys to take up the visual ray and run it right on for another straight half-mile. Then he could stand up iu Albury, or in Yokohama for that matter, and in his special topic defy the world. Miss FRANCES TYREI.L GILL, in an article, entitled " In the Old Cemetery at Melbourne, publithed iu the last number of the Centennial Magazine, asks the following plausible but somewhat gruesome questions :-" But do the dead sleep quietly through it all? Is their present noiselessness only a feint to acquire unrestricted movement? What iB this old graveyard like before the world is astir in the earliest hours of summer, or through the winters' nights when the white fog clogs the earth with its closely-clinging veil, and when the moon is looking down on it ? There are frequently stray cows in it, if Miss Tyrell is anxious to know. As to its inhabitants, they may wander out just as the early market hotels are opened, and, perhaps, one or two may Btay out long enough to get the morning papers ; bat we have never met them, and we have been in the vicinity of the old cemetery often enough in the grey dawn. " Is this city of the dead," continues Miss Gill, " then as quiet as now? Do the occupants of these graves, then, with the superiority of spirits to all earthly obstructions pass through the wall into the market- place, or come up through the pavement in that first glimmering light when the country people are bringing in their produce and setting their wares in array? Do they, unheard by the busy sellers, comment to each other upon the changes that have taken place, or even appraise the worth of the articles offered for Bale as they were wont to do in the days of their mortality?'' flow the ghosts of old ladies who kept boarding-houses in the days of their flesh must enjoy themselves if these speculations should happen to be right. "Mutton!" We can imagine one of them snorting to another as they stood before a butcher's still—" Why, I'd smack lm over the 'ed with it if he'd hoffer me that for muiton if I was alive," and the other replying, " Yes, but ihey only sets it on the table for show in bcarding-houseB now-a-days."' 