IBISH SACRED LITERATUKE. LBy the Rev. R. Lovett, M.A.] Tbe curiouB manuscript collection known as the Book of Armagh may be not inaptly likened to a minor, Irom which are reflected some of the most characteristic features of Irish literature. Exhibited with pride to the visitor, treasured justly aa one of the gems of the famous library at Trinity College, this little volume, written partly ia Irish and partly in L&tiD;, bearing upon its worn and in eoma parts defective pages the marks of at leas', eight centuries' exposure to the chances of ti me, ' enables the careful observer to learn something about Irish caligrapby and much about Irish ecclesiasticiem. It is not a very balky tome, beiaer a small ; TFllum quarto, 7a inches high, 5:| broad, and : Vi thick. It contains now 22i folios, the writing being generally in two columns, and occasionally in three. The contents are oi a somewhat- miscellaneous character, and are remarkable mainly for the light they' throw upon the life aad history of the most famoaa name in Irish ecclesiastical story— St. Patrick. Some folios contain the Confession of Patrick, a document which the beBt authorities now concur in believing to be tbe genuine produc tion of Patrick himself. Others contain what is known as the Tripartite Life, that is, a history of Patrick, written in three separate portions, which are constructed after the rcaCDer of homilies rather than systematic biogr&pbieg.; It is with these two 6ectionauof this composite volume that this pjper h»3 to do. Authorities differ as to the date of the M3. Some place it as early ae the tenth century, and tbere seeiEs to be the strongest evidence fcr believiDg that it c-mnot be later than the eleventh. At tbe end of the Confession ia written by the scribe — 'So far from the volume which Patrick wrote with his own hand,' Thio has sometimes been interpreted to mean tbat the scribe copied from Patrick's autograph. This, of course, may have been so, and it appears probable that the eleventh century scribe thought so. It i'b certain that the exemplar before him was very ancient, and there ia no room for doubt tbat the Armagh text practically reproduces what Patrick him self wrote in the fifth century. The Confession is very short and occupies only three folios in the MS. In this respect, no less than in others, it presents a marked contrast to the later lives of the great man. It is a brief but tolerably complete sketch of tbe moBt important facts in Patrick's life. It exhibits very interesting features which all tettif j to the early date at which it was written. There is, for example, no trace of the Papal system as developed later. In Patrick's day priests were married, and he himself appears to have known nothing about a commission from the Pope to evangelise Ireland. If he did he takes particular care to avoid all reference to it, even where such reference would be appropriate, had such a commission bees given. He claims na miracle- working Xjower. The Tripartite Lite-and att the later sketches of tbe great missionary abound in the mil aculous. They are full of wonder- workings, Boixe of them amusing, some repulsive, and sorte— could we believe them true —absolutely destructive of the Christian character of the man to whom they are attributed. We have no space to refer at length to this Confession, by far the most valuable and interesting part of the book of Armagh, but we qrote one specimen of its rtyle, Patrick has related the story of his captivity in Ireland, his escape, and his subsequent adventures ; and he thus describes his own view of his couimissioa aB A postle of Ireland : — ' And again, after a few years, I was in the Britains with my parents, wbo received me as a son, and earnestly besought me that now at least, after the many hardships I had endured, I would never leave them again. ' And there I saw, indeed, in the bosom of the night, a man coming as it were from Ireland, Victorious by name, with innumerable letters and he gave one of them to me. And I read the beginning of the letter containing ' The voice of the Irish,' And while I was reading aloud the beginning of the letter, I myself thought indeed in my mind that I heard the voice of those who were near tie wood Foclut, which is close by the Western Sea, and they cried then out as if with one voice, * We entreat thee, holy youth, that thou come; and henceforth walk among us.' And I was deeply moved in heart and could read no further,~and so I awoke. Thanks be to God, that after very many years the Lord granted to them according to their cry.' It is one of the sure evidences of the early date of this production that the writer refers to Great Britain by its Roman designation, viz,, ' the BritainF,' not Britain. A strong contrast to the simplicity and humility of the Confession is the extravagant and superabundantly miraculous story of the Tripartite Life contained in the Book of Armagh. 'Many miracles,' it states, 'and marvels did Gcd perform through Patrick in his boyhood ; but we will declare only a few of the many of them.' Then follow stories of how he kindled fires with, bis fingers, converted icicles into firewood,, 'restored Mb Bister when she was at the point of death, and raised from - the dead his foBter- father. Here is a specimen— ' The children of the place in which Patrick was reared -used to bring to their mothers honey out Of the combs. Then said his foster mother to Patrick — 'Though every other'brings hooey toiis foster- mother, yon bring none to ' me.' Then Patrick took a vessel to the water, and filled it, and blessed the water, so that it was turned into honey, and it healed every disease and every ailment to which it was applied.' And yet the Tripartite Life narrates many of the facts of Patrick's life, and with such care ful sifting as it gets in Dr. Whitley Stokes' edition yields a rich harvest to the careful Btudent. Embedded in it are some very striking and suggestive incidents, which, although not free from the suspicion of later accretions aud ecclesiastical redaction, do yet describe genuine deeds and words of the great missionary. The following incident not only possesses a strong claim to authenticity, but also presents & very vivia picture 01 uaoits 01 inougu& ana modes of religious action which belong to a very remote past. We quote from Dr. Stokes' edition, published in the RoIIb series. The scene is Oruachan or Grogban, the site of an ancient palace of the Kings of Connaught, not very far from the town of Koscommon. 'Thereafter Patrick went at sunrise to the well, viz., Cliabacb, on the Bides of Cruachan. The clerics sat down by the well. Two daughters of Loeghaire, son of NiaU, went early to the well to wash their hands, as was a cuefem of theirs, viz., Ethne the Fair and Fedilm the Ruddy. The maidens found beside the well the assembly of the clerics in white garments, with their books before them. And tbey wondered at the shape of the clerics, and thought that they were men of the elves or apparitions. They asked tidings of Patrick— ' Whence are ye and whence have ye come? Are ye of the elves or of the gods?' And Patrick said to them — * It were better for you to believe in God than to enquire about our race. ' Said the girl who was elder, ' Wbo is your £ od ? and where is he 1 Is he in heaven, or in - artb, or under earth, or 'on earth ? is he in giass, or in streams, or in mountain?, or in glens ? Hath he sons aud daughters? Is there gold and silver; is there abundance of every good thing in his kiDgdom ? Tell ub about him ; how he is seen; How he is loved; how he is found? If he is a youth, or if he is in age ? If he is ever- living; if he is beautiful ? If many have fo&teud; bis son? If his daughters are dear and beautiful to the men of the world ?' Tnen answered holy Patrick, filled with the Holy Spirit— 'Our God is the God of all things; the God of heaven, and earth, and sea, and river ; tbe God of sun and moon and all the stats ; the God of high mountains and lowly vallejB ; the God over heaven and in heaven and uider heaven. He hath a dwelling both in heaven and in earth and sea and all that are therein. He inspires all things; He quickens all things ; He surpasses all things ; He BustainB all things. He kindles the light of the Bun and the light of the moon. He made springs in arid lands and dry islands in the sea, and stars He appointed to minister to the greater lights. He hath a Son co-eternal with Hiirself, and like unto Him. But tbe Son is not younger than the Father, nor is the Father older than tbe Son. And tbe Holy Spirit breathes in them. Father aud Son and Holy Spirit are not divided. Howbeit. I desire to unite you to the Heavenly King for ye are daughters of a king on earth,11 And the maidens said as it were with one mouth and with one heart — 'How shall we be able to believe in that King? Teach us most dili gently that we may see the Lord face to face. Teach us the way and we will do whatsoever thou ehalt say unto us,' And Patrick said, ' Believe ye that through baptism your mother's sin and your father's sin is put a tray from you ?' They answered — ' We believe.' ' Believe ye in repentance after sin ?' ' We believe.' And they were baptised, and Patrick blessed a white veil on their heads. And they asked to see Christ face to face. And Patrick said to them — ' Ye cannot see Christ unless ye first taste of death and unlesB ye receive Christ's body and Hia blood.' And the girls answered—' Give ua the sacrifice that we may be able to see tbe Spouse.' Then tbey received the sacrifice and fell asleep in death, and Patrick put them under one mantle in one bed, and their friends bewailed them greatly.' That this story is largely based upon fact ia the opinion o'f many scholars. The ritual is as old as the fifth century. The baptismal creed described, with its reference to the white cloth, tbe chrisom, upon the head, widely as it differs from the Evangelical belief, was held then. The preference for death as better than life, since it brought tne soul at once face to face with Christ is a habit of thought of which there are traces in early Church history. This threefold life of Patrick has many beautiful and true touches. Even its wildest excursions into the region of the miraculous are transparently due to a desire to magnify God by the exhibition of the prowess of His servant. And tbe history of Patrick makes it probable that the man who penned the MS. was not far wrong when he thus describes his hero — 'A just man, with purity of nature like the patriarchs, A true pilgrim, like Abraham. Gentle, forgiving of heart, like Moses. A praiseworthy psalmist, like David. A ehrine of wisdom like Solomon. A vessel of election for proclaiming the truth like Paul the ApOBtle. A man full of grace and of the knowledge of the Holy Ghost, like John the child. A fair garden with plants of virtues. A branch of a vine with fruitralness. A bright fire with power of heating and warming the eobb of life, as to kindling and inflaming charity. A lion through strength and power. A dove for gentleness and simplicity, A. serpent for prudence aud canning, as to good. Gentle, humble, mild towards the sons of life. Gloomy, ungentle as to sons of death. A laborious and serviceable slave to Christ. A king for dignity and power, for binding and loosing, for freeing and enslaving, for killing and quickening. 