HE RODE TO WIN. I did not know you had so much poetry in your composition,' observed MIrs. Anstruther languidly. Leila Marsdcen arranged theu delicate laco at her wrist with an air of abstraction. ' Ho is very goodood-looking and he rides splendidly,' she aid, *and ho-or--lho aoes love me to distrac tion, you know.' ' As many others probably will do before your time is over, msy dear; but that has nothing to do with the case. You must got married, and Temple is just the man for you. As for the other one, he'll got over it in time ; they always do. You ars surely nsot going to trouble your silly little Ihead about him?' Miss Marsden rose and walked across the room to the verandah. ' I'll think about it,' she said, half turning in tle doorway to glasses back at her sister.. ' 'll think aboutit, and I'll make up my mind this evening. There ! I can't promise more than that, can I, Ros Y? You are satislied, aren't you r' ' Yea, I am satistled,' replied Mrs. Anstru ther; tuod, as siteo dozed through the long aftcer noon that followed, she allowed her sister to fiure very prominently in her dreamsns as the wife of Major Temple Arburton, of the - l.usoars, ansd future baronet. Sieirabad is famous for its pretty girls; but prettiest ando most striking of all was Leila atarsden at the mraco ball that mught. ' Race ball' is, perhaps, too big i? torm to be Iroperly appliedlt o it; bt tihe arrival of ca couple of regimeuts on their way to the frontier had stirred up Sizirabad to sports on three days of the week, the race ball intervening. 'You'll comeo down to see the finish to morrow, Miss Marsdone?' asked Tommy Campbell the wit of Sizlrabad, as he strolled up to Leial that evening and ashed her for a dance. ' There's the cup race comingoffi, you know, and the ladies' handicap, and the raco Willoughby rides to win--the o n wil the lady as prize.' ' What do you mean ?' asked Laila, lauSgh lag. inHo means the ladies' prizeo r?ce,' eai i Major Arburton, standing close behind her, acnt glowering at Campbell over isershoulder. 'AAni is Mr. Willoughby quito likely to winit ?' asked Leila, sonaowhat indifferently. ' The botting is all on him; but Ihs's got a ticklish mount, and I don't like that left-land corner of the course. With a pulling horse and a vicious brute into the bargainsi, you stand a rare chanc of Jumping the hedge acnd dis. aplpearing down the preciplice. Cao't imegicuo wlsy they don't arraege things better is this outlandish land; but then I never have seen the advantages of India. Beg your pardon, Miss Marsden, didn't mean a pun.'. And he disappearJed among thie dacsers with s conmical look on Ihis face, whlile Lcila laughed forcedly and turned to her partner. ' How odd he is I' she said. ' By the way, what horse is Mr. Willoeughby going to ride to. morrow in the ladies' rnace ' ' One of mcine--Mazzeipa. You seem to tare a great interest in that fellow Willougby' tjealously). ' ot at all. He is rather a friend of my sis tocss,' replied Leila carelessly. 'Aro not you goifg to ride ic this intereosting race, Major Ar. burton ?' SIf you wilsh it (very tndeorly), and if my wei.ht will allow of it' (doubtfully). STeo mined sentiment jarred on Loila; but ihe was rich, in a good regiment. writh excellent prospects. What mattered it that ho was far eyond thirty, and no Ioncr so slincas ho had been ? It was a good matchi for a penniless girl, and he had no choico,' nd so, long before the evening cas over, people wvor whispering to gother concerning Mtiss fardeon and Major Ar burton, and a report hlew about that he had proposed and been acce)Ited. " 1h!.e truth or otherwise of such statements was not to be read ona Lila's face. To all out ward observance aho was as calm and haughty and beautiful as ever. MNonc know that sioe looked at her programmoover and over again, to make sure that there wias no mistake, antd that the initials ' O. C.W.' acrawled ngainst the fifteenth valso made iher await that dance with a sickening heart. It camo at last. The band struck up the strains of a well.known valso, the room begent to fill, and proscutly Leila Marsdel, with paler cheeks Than usual, and a strango boatihs of the hiart, was floating round with Charlio Wit. loughby as partner. ' hall we sit the rest out ?' he, asked,' when theypaused at lesgth;. '-Leila bent hor,•bonot:in = isaentt, ' 'ud istho: as?ed out of the rcom' on to:tlio. long.' low var sndah, somewhat to thle dinmay of hersister, who bad watchled them eagerly while together.- The moanlilht throw the gil's pale face and tall, slighttguro into strorg reliefgainst the dark verandah backgromunu. harlio Willoughb. leaned agoainsta pillar overrunwitlh creeper, and irokea at her fixedl y. e: Ho madono oexcus for himself, nor did he break 'the silence between themm. His ayes oarchoed her faco as though he would read there what he dared not trust him. self to hear. PresentlyoLela spoke. -THer voice sounded faint and farauway, even to herself. ' I hear,' she said pleadingly, ' that you are going to ride a very ciouas hiorse tomorrow. is the ladies' prie race. Please don't ride it; please do not.' 'And I hear that you are engaged to marry Tanjor Arburton' (without the slilhtest refor suc to her appeal). ' Is that true, Leila, oris it Bholoolked down and traed a little pattern on the stone floor with her foot. Is it true, or is it not?' he repeated fiercely. She lifted her eyes to hie. and saw there the passion which trembled in Iis voice. 'Don't be angry; oh, do not!' she cried, putting 'lp her hand withi a depreciating esturo; 'they have iande mie do it. I em sc burden to my sister, you tkowm; and I cr. lds't stand it niy longer ; and he is not so bad : but I love you the beat-oh, o Inuchthe best! You know it ; 'only I-I-I am so mciserable.' !fDoubtless,' he said gravely, never for an instanlt removing his eyes from lithe fair, piteous face; 'so am I-very: cnisorah!e, so have I beesn for the past month ; but sny misery doesn't cent to toult you much. So youe ire going to marrythis rccsus, this elderly future baronet, and throw nme over quite, are you, Loils?' She twisted and untwisted her hands nervos.?ly, but made no oeplv. '-And rou are good ceoneIg to take sufficient iltcrest in me to wish ue nlot to breal: ty neck t;s-morrow ?' She was stilt silent. 'Very good. Then liten tome. I ride to. morrow, and I ridle to will, and you are to be the prze. Yea, yer-do not look so startled yoet! Iride to win, or I ride to-never mind that partof the business. If I win I shall con sider you mine in spite of all the Major Arburtons in the world. If not-do you under stand the alternative, Leila?' She bent her head. -Could she avoid under standling it? ' It lies with you,' he wenton steadily. 'You know my horse, you know the racecourse, you know lne. If to-r.norrow before starting eou bid me ride to win, very good: if not- 'he music has begun again. S?hall I take you back to yourelderly future bironet?' ' .Mydear Leila, what nonsense!' cried Mrs. Anstruthcr. ' Itu, vourchooke, child, inddrink this wine. Youlookas white as a ghost, aned about is unhaplp. Not go to the races ! Yott will have everyone saysing it is all oft again, just asit is alloi. It is too nggravatingof you. really.' It ras the day following the ball. Leila, in. her sister's room, was utterly refusing to' accompany her to the racecoure, and equally.' positive hi her refusal to see Major Arburton." S'I knlbw what it is,' Mrs. Anstruther wont, on angrily; ' that boy his been talking nonl-' sense to .you. It was too foolish of you. to give hima dance last night. If I lhad known of' it I should have taken you home most cor .tainls.' - 'TId' did not talk nonsense, and he is not foolish, nor is he a boy,' cried Leila, vehae. 'mently; and-then she gave way, and relapsed into copious weeinmg. SAt an y rate, he is only a sub.lioutenant,and cannot possibly have more thain five hundred a year. Alnd what is more, he doesn't mean it seriously with you. If you throw over Major' Arburton now you will be throwing him over for a more shaldow. Everybody knows what a flirt Charlie Willoughby is. He makes love to every girl hie ieets.' ' That isn't true !' exclaimed Leila with an effort at drying her tears. 'H'tu I How about Fanny Hope, and one or two others I could mnoetion P' Silence. ' And how about his debts?' Silence. ' And Iis gambling- and that actress, and -' Leila sprang to her feet. I won't listen any more I' se orioed. ' I do care for him, end, I htto MajorArburton, and Iivon't marnry him, . ' and I will notgo to the races to-day.' ' Mrs. Anstruther grew pale. She felt her lnst chance was going. ' Then I shall have to re mind you.' she said firmly, that I cannot support all my brothers nd sisters all their lives. I did tnmy best for Nell, and I am doing my beat for you. You seem to forget that lhavochildreu of my own to be brought up. I counted on your tuarryin g as sooeen as possible. I did not couot on your tlirowing up a reason. able chance.' It was cruel, but it had its effect. Leila turned very white, then she moved to the door. ' I will go with you,' she said, scarcely above a whisper. The ladies' prize race was the next on the programme. Considerable excitement pre vuiled aimong the fair sex as to who would win it. Leila aloneo at calm and unmoved among the spectators. She did not seem to hear or seeo anything, till suddenly there was a little stir and bustle, and murmurs of ' Of course heo'll win.' ' Ho's suro of the race,' ' I feel inclined to congratulate you' already, Mr. Willoughby, you Ioolc so like winning,' etc. The iero of the race took little notice of such like remarks. Iie made his way to Leila and bent low overher. ' Which is it to bo?' he asked. For an instant earth and sky reeled round her, then her brain cleared, and she saw his face. resoluto lhandsome, desperate. She hesitated for one instant, then sle spoke : ' Ride to win.' The words were so low he could scarcely hear them, but when he turned away there was a snmile in 's e;ees. The horses and their riders were drawn up in a line. Leila strained her eyes to watch every movement of black anud white, Mr. Willoughby's co:ours. ?nazeppa lidgeted and caught at tl.o bit. There was some little delay, then the ilag ewse dropped; they were off. At first lreathless silence, then growing excitcment. The course was a small one, uni the race was to be run twice round. IMajor Arburton, who had not taken part in it, uttered a' Thank God!' us Mlazeppa passed the dasgerous corner in safety for the first time. Blue's to the front; no ycltow's puisis up : no. that's Meldotn. Stick to it Meldon. 'iVlouhbly'e lpassed him. By Jove! lie's got his wourk cut out for hlim with that horse. Now they'ro neck. and neck. Gnod race. iNo, Willoughby's gaining; no, MIeldou; no-by heaven !' A scream from one of the ladies, a general con3ternation in the grand stand, a sudden' ces?ation of interest in the nice. Charlie W¥illoughlby rode to evii, but the providcnse he iad dared ravengsd itself o hlim. Ifazeppa. hod fo??ed the blt between his teoth, shied away from Ilie cour;os, and1 leaping the frail protee tion of a hedge wlesIch separated it from the side of the hill, had disap,!ea-red with his rider. 'It was a narrow shave, and no mistake,' said Oharlie Willoughby, goilug over the story for the hundredthl time with his wife the second month of their marriage. 'lut the best part of it all was when I knelt dowtn beside you and would not leave you,' laughed Leila. 'I shall never foret MIajcr Arburton's face, nor his words next 'ay. when he told Ihe all was over between us, and that the beet thing I could do, after having made such an exhilition of myself, was to marry "that young puppy.". ' 'No,' said her husband tenderly; ' thl best part of it all wasthat I rode to win, and that I did win-what I most wantett-my wife.' London lf'orld. 