Gambling and Totalisators Etek and anon the subject of gambling comes up for discussion and to be relaid like an undying gbost. London news papers have been disputing over the general -question. Our own Legislature has been attempting a particular form of it, the totalisator form. TSTiat is gamb ling g niirl is fnmKliTif* t\ virp '? Thn itqv to an answer to these questions is found through a preliminary one, namely, ?what is ?wagering ? Gambling is a species or an adaptation of wagering, but whilst wager ing has a perfectly harmless character and an extended beneficial use, gambling is taken to have a most deleterious character and extended hurtful results. To lawyers there is known a class of con tracts called ' wagering contracts,' such as those of fire, life, and marine assur ance. 'Without contracts of this kind it would hardly be possible to carry on the business of the world. A. lays a ?wager with a life assurance society, of £5 to £100, that he will die durin' the vear. A particular case works itself out in this way: Should A die during the year the society would lose £95. But should he live on for several years, and renew the wager from year to year, in due time the society would lose nothing by him though compelled at last by his death or by effluxion of time, to pay the -wager. All these societies save themselves from immediate loss by taking a number of cases ; but that is only a circumstance, and has nothing to do with the essence of the business. Many of these societies divide all their profits amongst their members, but that again is only a circum stance, and has nothing to do with the wagering character of the business done. Gambling, in form, if not a species of wagering proper, is an adaptation of ?wagering to purposes other than those usually named under wagering contracts. Those contracts, for their useful character, almost approach primary business.; but in itself gambling is essentially parasitic; it is an adaptation of wagering upon primary uveius ; iv coiuu not exist wiiuous iuem ; it could not exist by itself. Its evil form begins to be outlined first at tins stage. It is legitimate wagering passing over to a non-useful side of life ; and it is then called gambling. Usually it fastens itself upon competitive sports. If sports and pastimes were to pass away, gambling would cease to exist. ]?ut why should we kill that which is, legitimate for that -which is not ? Let us not do evil that good may come. As it is, gambling has pretty well ruined some sports, and it has so far scalded certain pastimes ? that- many good people are afraid to indulge in them. True success must come, if at all, in attacking the parasite itself. The blundering which occurs in making attacks leads to much disappointment, and herefrom come the curses poured out not only on gambling but also on all its associations. -Lut; mou GicuiGiiu in. buu u&auiiuu; ui ull wagering is that of risk. There is risk in all enterprise.; but in wagering it takes its own shape, -which is that on the event occurring, one of the parties must be impoverished, and the other must to the same extent be enriched ; less the minor amount pledged. This form of risk is the first thing to be noted; and the next is that in gambling the party who wins has not given any. quid pro quo for -what he has gained ; and the loser has not re ceived any quid, pro quo for what lie has lost; ''and the next is that it is therefore a risk which . neither party ought to . have taken. The argument that the pleasure of , the case is a quid pro. jwowill not hold water, because at .first both parties may be sup posed to get equal amounts of pleasurfi ; after the event, the ' man 'who -gets the pleasure is the man who has won the wager. .That is the simplest condition of gambling, and the question is, if so far it contains an immoral principle, ? or rather if the principle now laid down is an immoral one. It would occupy the dimensions of a volume to pursue and exhaust that ques tion. Let it suffice to say that men generally do not hold that that principle is immoral. They may be wrong, but.it is a fact ; and we have to deal with facts.. Those who assail gambling do not always, . if they ever, see that they should make straight for the task of creating a uni versal sentiment to the effect that it is immoral to apply wagering in the way called gambling. .Until they do that, and until they succeed, tho rest of their ?work may prove to bo only like lopping' off here and there a branch, leaving trunk and roots as they -were before. The con demnation heaped upon gambling is pro voked by the excess to -which people carry it ; by the* practice of it on the part of young men -who are thereby led into crime ; and 'by the open nursuit of gambling, as if it were a legitimate and ?well recognised profession. These aspects of the ease are not to be overlooked, but they are only aspects. They may be, they are, very bad ones ; but Btill they do not touch the essence of the thing itself . The wrong principle must be sought in the thing, and not simply in the alarming extent of . its application. ?. : It is for this reason that the Totalisator Act may be much disregarded. The Act specifically legalises the use of the totalisator. It may be used on tho racecourse, but may not be used on Queen street. A man'of 21 years may use it ; ?but a youth -of 20 years may not. This is a distinct surrender of the prin ciples involved ; it is an admission that gambling is a perfectly right thing in it ? self, but is wrong in different persons, at different places, and at different times. Those desirous to put down gambling, whatever their views of the general ques tion, will be glad to see its pursuit checked. There is no need' to be frightened by . the Billy remark that ' you cannot make people moral by Act of Parliament.' . Ill one sense you can not, but in another sense you can ;'- or at least you can punish them for violating a law imposed upon t£em more for their own good than for that of others. There is another defect in the Totalisator Act, it is one of construction. It may do more harm than good to point it out here, but as a matter of fact the Act is almost, if not quite, useless through its defective construction. Hence the still continued use of totalisators in forbidden places, at forbidden times, and by for bidden persons. The astonishment, there fore, of legislators, that this little Act of theirs appears to be a dead letter, because the Government do not diligently apply it, should have gone in another direction. They will have to amend the law before it can 'be extensively applied. 