THE RUSSELL DIVORCE SUIT. A The Ghost Walks in Kiama. Tlie Co-respondent's Story.— Lively Times Down South. TnEilivoreo suit Russell v. Russell, Hunt, mill Stevenson wris continued to- day. The first witness called was .0. W. Brayne, sergeant of polico at Kiama. who. said that .lie went tn Russell's hotel on the night of February 23, when Russell asked him, to put- Airs. Russell out, as lie ."didn't keep : there." There were proBent: Mr. Russell, Airs. Russell, Tolm Honey, and others. After dctqjling.tho circumstances already narrated, Russell, who. was excited, said that two of the children boloiigcd to him, and, the , third didn't, as hp wasn't the father of ."rod-, headed: kids. Witness said to petitioner," "You must hqvb been blind," undvpetitioner replied, "I wasn't blind it was that follow ddwn ... the road ; 1 wnntod to got," alluding to Stevenson. Russell said he lmd .received an anonymous letter, ri sliprt time ago, about; Mrs. Russell's carrying on, but he couldn't; believe it, as alio had been more loying lately than lie had, cyer known before. 'Oii the followiiig'Aibiiday' (February 25)/ lie had another conversation with Russell' when tlip latter praised his wife and said slip wis a good housekeeper ; but added, "I will go on-' with 'the divorce against the pair oLtiicm, but.if she behaves. : herself I will marry her again." Hud rievpr .heard of them quarrelling, but on one. occasion when j inspecting tho , .premises witness saw; Air,: and Mrs. Russell with blaekeyes. He saiil lie liad run against tho i mantelpiece,' . arid . alio said y she , had. 'fallen .up : against, a: bedpost.. Was sub- /pa-naedi by ; Itiissoll,; but was. not. culled. Hiid'seeiii'Mrs. Russell on the'fi-ont vcraiiduh ' going-, on ,; With young /men - ill a'.wqy us a nipfried man would have made him, fool uncomfortable. . i :,;. -. ; . ; ; ! . Gross-examined by ;Mr. .Raiston : For ,,a few. days, afterwurds .Russell; went, about in a. very uneared, for stylo, : Ho was Very, bitter/ against Hunt /and, Stevenson, . liar.tieularly against tlio. latter. , , . ' 'Owen Alalone,' mail. ; eontraotor, . ICinma, . said that lie met; Russell soon qf tor. February 23\. Russell told him. all .about the back yard episode, -Witness, isaid,. "-It is a curious thing' _ you didn't eutch .hiin: long ago." Ho replied, ''I didn't want to catch: Huiit,:! wrinted to. catch Stevenson.!' Cross-oxiuninoil by Air. Ralston :' Knew : that Russell was very hitter against. Stevens. Mr. Justice Windcyer :, Did you see any thing that lod you to Biipposo that tho hus band was conniving at an intimacy. Witness: I didn't take any special interest in that way. / , ... It ilidiTt strike yriii at the time that lie , 'was .winking at it? — It struck mo ho, must, be a great fool. (Laughter;). I told him.W —if lie allowed it. to run on. .. I. eouUl nof say I saw anytliing witli'Stevunsou. I saw Hunt kissing, Airs, .Russell. James 0'Toolc, crii-tor, Kiama : -Ho heard Russell say Stevenson was tlie mail ho wanted 'to got at, Russull also said lie had Ids. suspicions about Hunt, In rofereiico to tho feneb, between Steven son's , yard , and Foy's Hotel, tlip poliiigs wero on Stevbiisou's side, but there were plenty, of empty eases about. Ho said that if Ai rs. Russell behaved herself properly he might inarry her and go to some strange place. .. ... .Janies Blagb.urii, accountant in tho E.S. A.C, Bank at Kiama, and lie hail a eonver- Batioii ri few day3 after February 23. ' Russell said it was a nice state of tilings, but it meant putting a few thousand pounds iii.his pocket. ' T'o a Juryman-: Stevenson's firm kept his qeeount at tlio E., S. and A.C. Bank. Ho. oiily knew, hiin as. a custoiuer of , -the bank, Riissdll banked elsewhere. 'To Mr. Roliii : Was on tho host of terms, with Russell. - , ' , . ; A. 3. 'Talbot, accountant' at Kiama, said everything seemed to . bo/going, on ! all right, till. after. Russell took over the hotel. Soon iif tpr that Russell senior, said to his sori , (tho petitioner), while, tliey were standing in the bar,. " Solid tliat — — - woman away, she's a'/ whip," caused him to say it hp, did not know! Airs. .-Russell wont away, arid next/day went to Sydney, iii Consequence of the abuse she. got from the elder Russell. Since two and a half years ago lie hail seen Mrs. Russell kiss lho' commercial travellers — (great laughter): — und tlie coinmoi'oial travellers kissing tho lmrmaids. ... (Mora laughter.') , On one oooa- "sion, when- tlie baby "had - just been " -short-' clothed," he was in the bin- and Russell said 'it rivasri't-his child.- Ho once saw' a com mercial traveller, stroke Airs,' Russell on tlio leg. (Laughter. ) Cross-examined by Mr, Ralston: Had gatlierod hones in Kiama. Did not take too much liquor, but upoii ono' occasion a police! man ran over, 'liirii rind knocked him down, ;and- then locked him up for being drunk. : (Laughter.) Owed ' no money in Kiama, Had received about 30s to como up. (Case proceeding.) 