AT A MINING MEETING. ])Y AN OwL.. Since my holaher owls departed for the mountains last winter leaving me alone in charge of the '" ranch," 1 have had but a sorry tin.oe, and my nights have been fraught with a m.lanc.h.dy loneliness, flashed on;y occasionally with happy reminiscences of those jokes which owls only toll, and broo.ling over thaese jolly convivial times, I flutter my wings and yearn for the return of the Chief Baron Lantern-Napeak and hls. jovial crew to bring once more the fun teat was want, to fill ay breast. To dissipate my wretched state, I have striven in vain, and was about to giveA up the ghost, when I met an ancient brother of the roost, who, on being informed of my sad state suggested a means that would restore my drooping spirit, and cause mny risible faculties to expand as of yore. When I inquired '; what this m?ans could be," be replied, "we shall attend the Consols mining meeting," where I promise you fun galore. I eagerly assented to this proposition and a certain evening at 8 o'clock we winged our way to "Charleys " and having smuggled ourselves under the sfa proceeded to watch events. As the meeting was set down for 9 o'clock, we looked forward to a weary and desolate hour in our hiding place, but the, entrance of two youthful memabers of the Alexan dra community led us to believe they would furnish a prelndse to the gemn of the elvening, and we were not dis appointed. These young men and others of their ilk who have not yet arrived at the dignity of cotuncillors or mining investors, find tlh.t their leisure time can ounly he spent in frequenting the various put s antd billiard rooms or by appropriating the forms which are so obligingly furnished outside these resorts. The youths in question were both of limited stature, and nelther of striking appear ance or particularly clean. They soon became engaged in an animated ahiscus siont ever the merits of a recent football match, and woere evidently well tosted in all the phra.eology andl trmns only understood by the initiated, and to which was added expression and language of a snguinary and strong character which a.,s intended to ex press their disaaproval or of'ierwise of the tactics of soame of the players, but what mtore particularly en gagedl my attenti.n was the wonderful ;cpacity of one of them for emitting uaolumns of smike from his husge nerschaum, whilst at the same ti!ga. squirting tobacco copiously, the a?we apparently proceeding fuonut p}ler a slouching lnat of such dimensions that it served to nlmorst hiui his features from vier, and as the jets of ejected fiuth formed various f ncy patterns andl small pools on the floor, I did not feel partico larly Iappy in knowing that I nun.t walk over it when emerging from my retreat. Fortunately, however, the entrance of the miners caused the heated discussion to be suspended and these gentle youtha retired to the outside. The first of the Consols gentlemen to enter the room was the evergreen Charl.y himself with an imperial and maj.satic air; then followed a dark sintster Itoking fellow with cent per cent iadu.ibly elampied upon his brow, anl hloae upon him a swarthy iniividual with flowing ,ocks. we?tringu a Iairge soft hat, and by his tout ensemble suggesting the presince ot an I:alin brigand : then a figure, apparently iuntesave, of a cold cadaverous appearance, much reseaebling an icicle or an importation from the North Pole; after these came the mining manager-one of Erin's honest sones, and on his heels f-,llowed two very fat and jolly looking fellows, each with a merry twinkle in his eye, and mischief in every look. All having seated them selves, and the minutes being read, the venerable Charley opened the proceedings in a long eloquent speech which effected the members in various ways. some began to yawn, others became shifty, and Cent-per Cent was fairly lullabied off to sleep: however. Charley's learned mining mixture at last ran itself out. 'and then matters were proceeded with in a thorough business like manner, with only a few interuptions from the two fat men lihol, I heard designated as "Shamus" and ".ln. Jo.," and whom tilhe icicle and the brigand seemed as if they could devour, hut my feathered Iriend and I rather liked the fat parties and christened them the "jolly twin ." The meeting proceeded apace and great was the unanimity that prevailed, and the amiable and hearty manner in which the money was planked down in response to a call woe a treat to see, and convinced me, that although many of our mining companies in their little neMts disegr.e, the Consols Company was working together in perfect harmony, and in such a business like manner, that jIerhllaps n ne?lver before been witnessed 1n our little town. After an hour's patient business thy is.eeting rlrsed in a few of Chalrley's choicest words accompaniad with that peenial smile whihb sa, befits the "Sage aif Raspberry," and also with an invita tion to" jine" him in a hot Ppad. At the mere mention of eating, cries were heardl from the turns, of " heet and mutton," and "a shilling in," and en muchl was the excitement at the prospect of a pota toe slipper, that at the very noien" Cent per Cent" awoke with a start, and in eager tons ejaculated "mine's rumn hot". Well, these miners did ample justice to a good supper and fared wisely and well, after which the signal " to bed" was given, and with merry partings each one went his way, and my feathered friend and I finding the coast clear made our escape, but not brfore we had fully regaled ouraaseles on the debris of the spuds. 