BIBLE READING IN STATE SCHOOLS. I am, &c.;, J. GOOD. Kangaroo Flat, April 5, 1889. -I am, &c.;, TEACHER. TO THE EDITOR. Sir—Will you allow me space to make a few more remarks on our education system, as by that system we are nourishing infidelity to a very alarming extent and doing very aenoo?damage to the rising generation, aa testified by you correspondent" Mercator" in ateoent issue. I fully agree with most of what he aays abort tbe terrible results likely to follow such a device of the devil to corrupt and rain our yonng nation in ita infancy. Much has been said and written both for and against Bible-reading in State schools, but do valid reason has ever been given why the Bible should be excluded. Nearly 9,000 of tbe most interested persona, that is the patents, voted for it some yean ago, and respectful nave been treated with disregard by tbe few leading spirits in power. Mow, I defy any man to give a good reason founded upon prin ciples of righteousness, equity, truth, and good judgment for the exclusion of the Bible from our schools. The opponents of Bible reading have not a vestige of founda tion to build their argument npon on any right principles, nor can they show a good reason why tens of thousands of children tbonjd be compelled to receive the so-called education of the State and yet be kept in utter ignorance of the most important things which concern their future state and happiness, without a ray of Scripture light, while they are stuffed and crammed with " Oock-a-doodle do," "The old woman living in a shoe,' and stories about Santa Glaus, who ia ex plained to the children to be St. Nicholas. If the powers that be want to teach the chil dren anything about spirits and departed saints, or snpematnnl things, why cannot they do it in a proper manner, and let them read about God, the Great Spirit of all spirits, aa testified in His holy word. But no, they must be kept in darkness and ignorance of the most important things which concern their ever lasting welfare. It is not only a fact that tbe children are schooled in.darknets and ignorance of the best things, but they are without any moral teaching, to Bay nothing about re ligious teaching. I say they have not moral teaching, but ate trained to be light, trifling, vain, silly, and frivolous, and their young minds are steeled against anything sacred and poisoned sgainst all that is good. They have no proper standard of right and wrong to guide ttem, neither can they have without God's standard, as given in His holy word, the Bible. Man's standard is no standard at all unless it be in accordance with God's standard, for one man will say this, that, and the other is quite right, while another will say joet the opposite. Then I say the word and testimony of God is a true and proper standud of light and wrong, and sorely right it better than wrong. And it must ever be better to do a thiag right than to do it wrong unless everything be turned topsy turvy, and put wrong for right and bitter for sweet as many do nowaday. I have no hesita tion in stating it aa my belief that this ia our great national sin in upholding such a vile farce, Buch a corrupt and corrupting system under the name of education, and which is drawing down the judgments of God upon us. Now who or what is it that sends the rain in its due season? It is He who scatters blowings and makea the bee to blossom as the rose. He also scatters judg ments on His way, which fall heavy on His foes. And shall not His boul be avenged on such a nation as this? A nation that works iniquity by a law to take away the key of knowledge from the ruing generation and make the word of God of none effect to tens of thousands of the young. What excuse can be offered- Why, none at all upon any right principles. The opponents of Bible reading have not a ghost of a chance at any reasonable argument. They can of course treat us to abuse without a word of truth. There are those that cry "State aid," and plesd tbe expense as the great barrier to Bible reading; but these people could look on very complacently if millions of money were spent to teach the children vanity and lies about dead men's ghosts, fairies, and such things as never were and never will be. Most assuredly God will render to every man according as his work shall be. What, then, will He render to thore who trample His Holy Bible under their feet and call it a parcel of dirty rubbish not fit for the young to read 1 As an old grandfather and an old colonist I consider that I have aa much right to be heard aa other people on this most important subject, on which I write for the good of the community in general and for thn riunff cviTinr&tinn; in nartirtnlur TO THE KDITOB. Sic—lt was with feelings the reverse of pleasurable' that I penued "J. Good's" letter. I notice that he simply makes assertions, bat not being able to prove them he wisely re* frains from the attempt. Does the gentleman consider that Bible-reading is such a benefit? If he does, I must say that I differ from him, as I tbiok it is of little or no cute The gentle man, sUhongh a grandfather, has not lived long enough to discover that the gospel of Christ coneista of causes to be set up, and whioh if eet op will produce the effects whioh Holy Writ says shall tollow. There are plenty of Bible readers in our gaols; men who were instructed in the Bible-readmit school* of the past. Mr. Good asserts that the children nave "no moral teaching, but are trained to be licht. trifling, vain, silly, and frivolous, and their minds are steeled against anything sacred and poieoned against all that is good." This includes all and sundry engaged in the work of teaching, and not only so but the language need implies that our inspectors are allowing ns to wilfully disregard stringent regulations, Mr. Good is making a mountain out of a mole hill. It he will make enquiries of any teacher he will find that he can have Bible-reading if he bo wishes it, but he seems to forget that the children are under the influence of the parents much longer than that of the teacher. He will see by this that he is casting some rather severe strictures upon them, inclnding the grand fathers also ~ 