, WELL DONE : A RARE ADVENTURE. The North American Minstrels were playing to i good houses through Missouri some years ago, aiul, of course, were in the most exuberant spirits ; for, ,ac; "! cording to the ' ' depth of the dust " in. the treasury, sp ::.did- the volume of spirits inibibed balance.; : They;were ; a jovial, gang,' and nothing Avas too sacred tohescape: .. their jesting, j especially wnen rne ruu was in auu. the wit out." -Vh ; , , We- were, all seated'in.the barTroom' pf the hotel at; which we were stopping, the majority " just' croalviiig -'r for something to display their; varied talents,..on,':aiid : the balance cussing the dreary loneliness of the Burg. « i ".While discussing incidents and; accidents of the show business, the door of the 'baf-i'boin softly, opened and a mail gently glided in. He.was a'picture. ; If1 ' the frame of the now immortai :." Joe Bowers,, wlio. ' came from old Missouri and all the way from Pike,' still existed oh this (mundane sphere, 'wejiin'agiiie he ; " would have presented just -such an' appearance as the , object on which the'igang- had fixed ;:their;:igaze. He was., a tall -man; with a very perceptible stoop, heavy., ... yardstick shoulders, .can vased liajns for., hands, ..unci- feet' that would' have been a success to tliemanvAvlio ' tried to walk upon the water. His clothing baffled » -description, being of .evei'.y. conceivable. color,., and, -not of any particular .fashion in cut. But his face was a, ' study®:' a long-drawn ; coiuiteiiance, which 'looked as though. he. were .suffering.,, intense. iiiternal.pahi, ;aiid a. , sanctimonious kind of far-off look in his eyes which seemed ' to ' wish he were aii ; ." angel and Hvitji (the angels stand." t ' ! " What is it?" asked Bones, as he rolled his tongue "from '.side to side in great glee over the prospective fun in store for liiin. ' . ' " Guess what it is, and I'll give you half." ' " Take a stick and kill it." Somebody tramp on it." ... ., >; - ' '" I'll bet two. dollars and a half it's alive." j f " Ah ! it moves ! it moves ! it breathes ! it lias an existence!" ".I am thy father's ghost. ! .! These and similar expressions failed to bring any; , response from the' object of their "gaffing," Avho, without even a change of countenaiice, shuffle,d over to one,' of the chairs near the stove, and, with a sloiy audi ponderous movement, seated himself. J :J . ; " Let's stir him up," said Bones, and an approving; nod from the barkeeper settled it. - ! ! 'Tlie stranger ' had taken, a small book ' fibiii his, pocket— a book that to some looked very much like a' prayer-book — and was soon deeply interested in its; lAJliOCJlUO, ijJOi ACUUIJ' UDUUUUO tU coll lliO OllI I U , . : Chips were placed' on his shoulder and knoekedjoff by the festive young sports, who ivere now in their glory. No response from the literary Joe Bowers. A cork was burned, and he was soon grotesquely "made up, ".'by one of the artists. v Not a move -from the literary devotee." .Recoiniiig emboldened, one of: his tormentors knocked off his liat, the barkeeper hit him , on; .the nose ,with- a lemon, . another poked him; ivith a billiard -cue, Avhile another laid the coal-ho'd/on his lap. Not a move. Bones got the "seltzer-bottle," -and immediately a stream began to play on the bare head of the immoA'able. . - :> < But — ah ! he stirs ! he straightens up ! he opens jus mouth ! lie speaks ! and in this strain : "Pardners, I've just come in from Rotten Gulch. I've jnade my pile. Before I left I: was considered the bad man pf, the camp, and I had sent four beautiful angels up to glory. Parson Shouter reformed me," and I j'ined church. He made me solemnly swear that Aylienever I' got mad ag'in I'd read this little thr.ee- hundred-line ' Exhortation to Those About to 'Sin.' I got mad. I read.: - But the madness ivon't leave me, and I see that I must send more passengers through . the golden gates !'. ' . - With that his left arm stretched out over the' bar, fastened onto the barkeeper, and that indiA'idual after- Aviirds said that lie must haA-e gone up to the ceiling in a'liot-alr balloon.' ' Then lie ' lifted Bones one,i aiul Bones Avas doubled up on the lower spot of the oft-end of tlie billiard-table. The " Aveiicli " Avas reached for, and a true cinnamon-bar hug made' him drop in a.,liinp heap to the floor. 'Another. Went sliciing on liis back out of the1 front doori and yet another'" did a flying leilj) through the mirror, while the last of his tormentor:-; he put to sleep among the ale and pop bottles Behind tile biir. ' . ;i / . Amid the groans of the Avounded and dying (as "they thought) and the sizzing and popping of ale and pop, the-" Avliat was' ;it " took its. leave ; and, as lie .deft, these Avords floated on the air as a balm to the bruises bestowed : . " I hope none of you'll want harps up aboA'e. If you do', call on ine: ; I've made1 niy pile. " . ? 'J' When all had regained consciousness, and a sum-: iniiig-up of injuries Avas'gone through, none Avere dis posed to be a.t all frisky, and Avere not on the look-out for any more objects. -; ' > ' ! 4 $ The boys were all broke up at .night, for there, among the front seats, sat the "windmill"- that " ground-ed." them all, and his loud,, hearty, laugh ,at -the end-ga'gs and Avitticisiiis galled them almosti'as badly as his trouncing them had. Just as the curtain .Ave'nt doAvn. on the Avind-up, someone (the boys guess' avIio) set up a shrill Avliistliug, - and the air Avas;, '1, 'Avant to be an angel." , " ' j No matter how- thirsty, the boys get iioav, if yoi/liiht of the possibility of-an " angel," they will Avalk off and : .forego' alii cliaiices'of;a " Avetter." ,7 ; ; a - . ,. -,-..7-7— . _ Maekied— On. September. 10th, "Herbert L. Rob lingstone andfEmma J; Moss. " Thus does one .familiar proverb rec'eiA'e. a death bloAt. ' ' . " y A: Galveston Sunday rschool teacher asked a pupil' how many sacraments there Avere. " There ain't any .more left.",-. "Why.'Avhat do you mean?"i i "Well, I hear that our sick neighbor. received the last sacra ment yesterday, so there can't- lie any left over." 