\- ; OUR PARiS LETTER. 1 Correspondent. PARIS, 7tu September. Strange people speak very little either about the elections or tho Exhibition, yet both are well followed. The school vacation has, to all appearances, yielded up all the school-going children to Paris. Tho English curate, with his fruitful bough leaning on his arm, fol lowed by twelve or thirteen children, ranged steps of stairs like, is a favorite skit with French funny publications. Tho curito is nothing in comparison with tho French grandfather, who is a patriarch, and repre sents three, and sometimes four generations at his heels j ho is generous to boot, as he takes charge of some neighbors generations also. Tiie consequence is these types of paternity swoop down a wide street, or a boulevard, with the suddenness ot an Arab charge. Pity that they do not as suddenly vanish. "Were it not for vital statistics that assert the French popu lation is declining, aud would be at zero were it not for tho baby-prolificacy of resident foreigners, these cohorts of boys and girls from the provinces would give a denial to the soft impeachment. "While on the subject of population into which youth has dragged me, the question Li not, "Why don't the men pro pose, mamma?" but, "Why don't mammas go in for honors, by securing for their husbands the benefits of the new law just promulgated — exemption from state taxation on condition of presenting their lords and masters with an aggregate group of seven little strangers?" Even when ladies do their duty they arc not always honored. At Lille a mother , iu the course of two years scored tho legal seven. She obtained no recompense, as her husband, being only a day laborer, was beneath tho tax gatherer's notice. She ought to have been decorated with the Legion of Honor, which would have brought lier in £10 a year pension, or the Ordrc th la filer itc Agricolc , that would have secured her a gutta percha medal. AU this time war is raging between the Revi sionists and tho Anti-Revisionists to seoure a majority in the new Parliament. It is war to the knife, but rather between the in office and the out of office Republicans, than botweon the Republicans and tho Monarchists. The Anti- Revisionists are very strong, bccauso in possession of power, and Bcatcs possidentis, says Bismarck. But the battle in this case may nob be altogether to the strong. They arc handicapped with tho un popularity of M. Ferry ; the break down of parlemenlarismc— a blessing in disguise follow ing many patriots — and for monopolising all the sweets of office. Xo one ever stood up for little Jack Horner, when ho sat in the corner, selfishly eating a Christmas pie, all himself. It was a spcctaclo to revolt a battalion of angelic school boys, or provoke a revolution in a nursery. And children of larger growth have at last be come tired at the spcctaclo of political Jack Homers continuing to pull out the plums from pies during twelve consccutivo Christmascs. Henco the Revisionists, which is truly a noun of multitude, and signifying many. That rubric includes the Comto do Paris, who wants to revise himself into tlio Horner corner. Xext come the Bonaparte pere mvXJiIs, who coalesce to revise all competitors out of tho way ; and, lastly figure thclloulangists, with a fawjh-a-bal- lagh interpretation all round of revision. Tims there are three types of revisers for a single con stitution. It is not surprising if the latter bo a little squeamish to submit to ho operated upon, even when administered " soothing syrups " or cocaine, ao celebrated as a local aiuesthctic. Tho "old follows " of tlio Republic promise to bo swept into private life and given dominoes to amuse them and sugar aud water to slake their thirst till they become fixtures among the disparus. Thoso " odd fellows," the Revisionists, will not be largely called in to replace the departed. A now crop of Ropublicans has been in course of raising theso last two years ; it is from this nursery that tho perfect cure or solu tion will come. No rcfiectivo person for a second bcliovcs in the restoration of a king, so the Comto do Paris has boon quite right not to put up letting promises bills in Sheen House. Nor is thcro the ghost of a chance for an Em peror. Princo Jeromo Napoleon sticks like a limpet to Praugins, in Switzerand ; that, fortu nately for him, he has never been able to sell, or ho might now bo without a roof over his head. Like Prince do Mettornioh, ho is said to havo taken to theology — tho " Fathers" will finish him. His son leads, as usual, a masher lifo at Brussola ; ho is kept in a protondcr-pcn by tho subscriptions of a group of partisans who arc anti-papaists ; thoy hate tho father, and do not lovo, bub farm, tho son. And tho Brav'G«ln6ral ? Ho has, at least, for onco in his lifo drifted into a sensible decision. Ho will remain at Portland- place till France recalls him. That decision is uot palatable to all his partisans, and lays him self out to scarifying from his adversaries. As a rule, to borrow tho French proverb, tho absent aro always wrong, It might bo folly, or it might bo its closo ally, horoism, for Bonla'ngor o drop into Franco, a fow hours boforo election day — on tho 22ud. Ho would bo arrested as a matter of courso ; ho would kick up a row for a certainty ; ho might bo rc- tried, which is his right — when politics do not corao into play, for then rights nnd compassion vanish like ghosts at cock crow ; or what is mora likoly ho banged off in a speci ally fittod up couvict ship, with half a cargo of detenus for Now Caledonia, for Stato reasons. If somo greater ovcot occurred beforo tho ship cleared the Bay of Biscay ; say, if tlio Tower of Eiffol quit tho Centre and wont over to tho Oauche or to tho Droite, or that money was subscribed to comploto tho Panama Canal, or to make the Comptoir d'Escompto a rival of tho Bartquo do Franco; if ony of theso events occurred the Gcnoral would bo forgotton, and in years hence ho would bo interviewed among his turnips, on his Sabino farm outrido Noumea, or deep in the coooanut harvest of a Now Hebrides plantation. Tlio General had all tho chances in his favor in a nock or nothing decision. It was by having all the audacities that ho became popular ; it was by his enemies having, too, all the audacities that thoy havo outlawed him. To remain a carpet knight like the Comte do Paris, or to rest in a pen like Prince Victor Napoleon, tilLas Comto do Charabord used to say, " God liad fixed the hour for his re-entering France," that does not come up to tho popular ideal of the Gcnerak Further, if ho be so cock sure that the coming elections will bo in his favor — what no Richmond can discount — he knows he would not long be held iu durance vile. His strength docs not lie, like the anoient Egyptians, in "sitting stilL" Boulanger made a gravo mistake in soliciting the Cantonal plebiscite. Ho lias made a second in addressing a letter to Premier Tirard, offer ing to return and stand his trial before a coun cil of war, or tho common law judges. The moment for despatching that letter was when the High Court was officially constituted. He did not take tho tide at the flood. Another fact that Boulanger does not seem to grasp. He is supported by certainly a large body of dissatis fied republicans, who believe his popularity use ful to clear out tho ruling personnel of the Re public, but who havo not the slightest idea of continuing his services once that " job " has been accomplished, no more than will the Bonapartists or Royalists stable their horses with his after the issue of the general elections be known, and tlio brand new democrats who aro likely to bo floated in on the flood tide will will have no dealings with any of tho " isins " — which amount to five at least. After the puzzle, " "Will Boulanger come to France?" is the conundrum, "Will the Czar go to Berlin ?" There is no reason to conclude that tho Romanoffs are run dry in politeness. Do not prize fighters at a fair shake hands before they box ; and what more likely, if war bo on the cards, than that the Emperors of Russia and Germany should pledge tlicir friendship in loving and flowing cups. Bo assured tlicy will drink to each other also with their eyes. Is not the best preparative for a big war an inter national exhibition? Another likely sign that trouble is nigh ; General Ignatieff has joined the Paris Peace Society, and there are credules, who accept the geueral's conversion. It is better to conclude on this hectic Bubject of the "coming war," that it will not commence till tho interested be ready, nor will it be engaged in — if the speculation does not pay. There are promoter companies for war just as for indus trial aud financial bogus investments. More practical, and more immediately serious, h the projected Customs Uuion, started by Uncle Sam, who wants to have all tho other Americans to join in the swim, and oppose a trans-Atlantic Zollvcrein, to the exports of old Europe. Supposing this new phase of America for the Americans feasible, France would be hit more severely than she lias over been by Germany. South, and scraps of Central, America compose tho mo3t important output markots for France, to say nothiug of Mexico. An official commercial friend of mine, who occasionally gives straight tips, assures mo that tho export trade of France to South America— notably the Argentine Rcpublio and Paraguay — will bo 150,000,000 f. by tho closo of December. And that round shot at old Europe ! Worse at France, who helped tho Yaukees to gain their independence ; and at England, who, as Can ning boasted, called in tho new world to redress the evils uf the old. In any case the move is viewed a3 ugly. It has thrown quite a dumper on the fete, that all tho Americas supplicated Festival-engineer Alphaud to organise next October, in honor of the discovery of America, whether by Columbus, Cabot or the Wainlcriug Jew, no matter. Ask France to fit out tho preliminaries of her commercial wake ; to wear glorias or nimbuses for tho intended Zollvcrein ! oh, fie ! Umbrellas in the clay time, top coats and ulsters in soiree timo, such are the fashions now when visiting the Exhibition. Time is fleeting, however, long may bo art. Daylight dies earlier and earlier, till, like Balzao's man with the chagrin skin, tlio days will .shrink to ho too short to repay a visit to the scene of such amusement. Mr. Gladstone and his family arc among the recent most distinguished visitors to tho great show; in Ills presence one brushes away Egyptian princes and a legion of nigger kings ; his politics are replaced by his genius, intellectual gifts, and vigorous ago. That's why he has been everywhere received with unstinted respcot by the crowds. It is niuo years since I saw the G. O. M. last ; I perceive no marked wear and tear on his features, the oyo is as lively and as keen as ever, aud lie expresses good health and relish of life. It was his agility that struok everybody. He is doing the Exhibition as conscientiously as any tourist limited to time could. He is on the road to the Champ do MnrB by 8.30 in tho morning. He has a large cirolo of intellectual, as well as politi cal, friends in Franco. Tho prizes will bo distributed on tho 30th. That will be a doubly exciting period, botweon tho two ballots for the general elections. Of tho 59,742 exhibitors — therein included tho invontor of tho now daruing needle up to M. Eiffol himself, who is to receive a recompense, among tho latest novelties— there will bo noarly 60 per cent, of tho gross total rewarded, with somo ono of tho graduated tint' laics. Nor need tho remaining 40 per cent, put ou saokoloth and ashes, or go to swell tho statis tics of suicides, which aro said to mount suddenly ; after Exhibition prizo day. A medal is intended to bo struck in favor of those exhibitors who, over several years, havo competed and nover won ; so that not a specimen of an unrewarded exposant will he discoverable to placo under a- glass caso in a museum. Edison, who is phono- graphing individuals and oorporato bodies, at "greased lightning rate," as one of.his workmen describes tho energy, ought to "take" tho lamentations of tho hopc-against-hopo oxlribitor, cro his occupation bo gone, and ho be- remem bered with the dodo family. ; V Tho horse and ass show in connection with- tho International Exhibition has just oponod. It is a .lona jidc success, thcro beiug shown all the types of pure and half bloods, of the best specimens of tho m.nt renowned racers, stallions and marcs, of various ages, the lowest 2 years. In 1867 there wero 260 entries; in 1878, 756; arid to-day, 1750, of which 1222 put in on appearance. In their respective classes tho exhibits are admi rable and in splendid condition. Not the least curious point of the show i3 the variegated crowd and the confusion of tongues; adjcctivoa ot admiration, in all languages, were general. I was told that some wore prefixed with flattering curses. The dresses of the visitors were in their ensemble very picturesque. The Arabs had their theatrical saddlery — bridles ornamented with pearls and shells ; manes and tails in other cases interwoven with gold thread ; others had their horses' hair tied up in bonny ribbon, and not a few had straw for curl duty. The value of the entire exhibits was cstimatated at 8,000,000 francs, therein including an ass from Poitiers, price 10,000 francs, aud whose coat was as fleecy and as soft as the clip of a model merino ram. There is a rumor of transferring the Horse Fair from the Boulevard dc l'Hopital to tho Machinery Hall when the 1889 show is con cluded. Efforts arc being quietly made to check tho terribly cxtcuding mania for morphine and cocaine self poisoning. 31. Damala, Sara Bernlmrdt's husband, has let in fierce light on this latest vice. It was concluded that lie could not obtain tho drugs nor the syringes. He had a secret press stocked with both. His body was a mass of punctured marks, evidence of a vigorous application of the syringes. The apothecaries say they can do nothing ; the unfortunates are in the possession of a truo medical recipe they obtained once in their lives ; this they copy, and forge UlisiUg the signature of some doctor. The chemist canuot control the signature, and the ordonnanee is regular, as it may be that of a practitioner in Marseilles as well as in Paris. An. hospital has been opened for these newest maniacs ; an anti-morpho-cocaine society has been founded, but is at war it seems with the anti-tobacconists. There is never smoke with out fire. 