THE VALIANT TAILOR. A CROFrEB'S GHOST STORY. (From " A Winter Night- with the High j i land Crofters," in- Good Words.) ? It was the turn of Alec Bread, the forester, to contribute his share of the entertainment of the evening; and, nothing loth, he straightway proceeds to tell the 11 story of "The Valiant Taylor" There was a ruined chapel within whose crumbling walls were many tombs of the deaf; and, as was well-known far and near, the chapel was haunted. Often at-the-mirk midnight-hour was-that chapel seen to be brightly ablaze with strangely lurid light ; and often had the bad wAyf^reruio rou, "_hia._heart in his guise" as the Gaelic phrase is, in mortal terror of his soul's salvation as of his life, because of the screams of eldritch laughter fiat reached his ear from within II the se- ruined walls ; laughter which was 11 always intermingled with the sound of awful voicerhrlond and fierce contention Now it so happened that there was a tailor in a neighbouring hamlet who professed to el disbelieve these stories, who laughed at the chapel and its terrors, and who for a wager offered to enter the chapel by himself alone on the first darkest midnight, 11 and being allowed a lantern, to sit on the biggest table tombstone of the lot near the altar by the inner wall, and there and then to sew a pair of breeches in defiance of all the ghosts that could 'assail ruin. The appointed night came round, and, accompanied by three men, whose business it was to see that the wager was fairly lost or won, the doughty tailor,, carrying a lantern in one hand, and the cloth for the breeches, already cut and shaped, in the other, boldly entered the chapel, and pick ing his way over the gravestones and he reached the ponderous slab that covered the 't me next the altar.-, lightly leapt stop that slab, and sitting down cross legged, tailor fashion, waved his hand to the man who stood trembling at the entrance, ( a sign, that they might now go away, and leave him alone to sew his breeches in peace and win the wager. Although the tailor, was an unbeliever in ghosts, he had to confess to himself that the slab on which he sat was uncom- fortably hard and cold, and by the dim and fitful light of his lantern, the tomb paved i ruins looked eerie in the extreme. It is little wonder, therefore, that the tailor sewedawaywitlr alMris-mighrrthe sooner to be done with his task, and out and away from surely uncomfortable sure roundings. As he proceeded with' his work as fast as his fingers couhLply the needle, he was startled by a rustling and a clatter as of bones beneath an enormous I granite slab, that, resting on four dumpy 11 pillars of the same material, roofed in what was believed to be the oldest grave within the chapel walls. After a little time the rustling and rattling of bones ceased f"8iîîJrîôTa large hand was slowly"! thrust out by the opening under the slab, and a voice gruff: and guttural said "Do you see that great, big band, O tailors'" , ~ ~ " 1 see that, but I will see this," re spon led the plucky tailor. Farther and farther out was thrust the hand, until it was now the whole arm, sinewy, and long and strong, and mighty and massive beyond anything the tailor had never seen before at hat-was-oaposed{ I even to the shoulder and again the voice ' said" Do you see that great big, strong ann, O t tailor ? ' , , .' I see that, but I will sew this," quoth the undaunted tail >r. The next time it was a mighty leg and thigh that was exposed from beneath the slab, and 'his voice said,, ,, ?,, . "Do yon sie t ist great, big leg and thigh; O tailor?" ," '. I, see that, but I will saw this" was for the third time The plucky tailor's response, the while he, sawed. away; like mad and under the excitment of it all, the perspiration from brow a id nose and chin Want- dtippity-drop- drip upon 'the' cloth until he felt it getting moist and warui'in'bis hands!.' ' Next time it: was an awful ghost's headland face that appeared close by one of the supporting pillars of the slab.' i '? "Did yon sea this head and facts, O tailors' J <. ' - * It was in truth (an, awful face, fiery, eyed and swelled with rage, and terrible to behold; but still the response, if slightly tremulous, was perfectly self possessed and true. I see that, but it will sew this," quo till the tailor. The tailor's sheet anchor of hope was in the belief that the gigantic tenant of the tomb could not possibly get out through the comparatively ' narrow opening best tween the slab and the ground, and as the sewing of the b edies was now nearly finished, he plied his needle as he never in his life plied it before or after, in order |>( to win his wager as quickly as possible and, get away from the companionship of the hideous, bring that had specially annoyed him, and tried his courage s > j ] sorely. He was on the last stitch of the left leg of the breaches, and the wager was about won, what tura Weis a' terrible 11 stir and oinuiqtiun.wirhin the tomb, and to his horror the awful being of the gigantic arm and leg, and hideous head and face, threw aside from its supporting pillars the ton- weight_slab~that lay over him as lightly as if it were an eiderdown; quilt,'aud.stepping from the black depths of the grave as man takes a single step of an ordinary stair. roared with a roar a ( so. find that the ruined walls shook as to their füundalíoiís,^ His height was the the height of two"hig uien.ioué'átop/oí father, 'and his aspect was beyond all description, fierce and terrible. Looking about with great eyes, he saw the tailor, 'and went for him with a single stride that took him, easily ever the dozen interven- ing yards between the two tombs. The tailor, however, was; game throughout ; and taffetas, an eel and active as a cut, was ¡aot,1t'ie[ man to be caught and torn to pieces with must making an effort to save himself, Sticking the needle, instinctively rather than of set purpose,--) into its proper place among half a.¿(*/ cf others in threading or his coat, ancptak ing up the lantern in one hand and the "b"récchës"ïn the" other, lieihadôaleap from off ; themis!) down^amougtlio graves, and in the direction of the dear, bounding along like a stag, and dealing graves and tombstones as it in a hurdle race, and conscious all the time that his terrible enemy- was in hot and close pursuit. Once he fell over the hollow of a sunken grave, but with the speed at which he was moving it ended in a lightsome somer saultf-and-ouJiis-legs a/ and in a moment, he was out of the door at a single bound, 'and in another iuUaut, panting for breath and with his head in a swirl, had his arms tightly clasped around Saint Ftlan's cross beyond. When the pursuing fiend saw that his intended victim was nearing the door, and was about to escape him, he made a stroke at him, which if it had reached him, would have assuredly have squelched tlie-tailor-iuto-ar-jelly.- Westaway,- the blow intended for the tailor struck the wall at the spring of the beautiful old arch over the doorway, and there in the hard and gritty sandstone, is the hollow market the friends hand and taken armed fingers, even unto this day. Needless to say that the tailor won his wager, and from that 'night forth became the hero of his native township and of the wide district around,, is 