Lismore Council Proceedings. 'Jerusalem' writes : —During my stay In Lismoro I spent a most amusing ovening in the Counoil ChainborsI think. I may as well lot somo of the outsiders enjoy tho fun (sooond handed). The proceedings opened by the Mayor taking tho chair and giving three winkB across the table, whereupon tbo Clerk read the minutes, &o;„ &c.; After the usual routine of business the d — -d old immortal Three-chain Road cropped up, or Norris' ghost, or something olso -in fact tho whole concern got mixod, and, being a stranger, I could not separate Mat, Throo-ohain road, and Norris, but there was evidently something or someone sick upon tho subject. Then oamo the cream of the evening, a letter from someone growling about the Counoil wishing to interfere with the scent bottleB attached to publio sahool. Alderman Beak said thoy ought to bo shifted, Alderman Butter congratulated tho first speaker upon the longth of his noso, as ho (tho speaker] could not smoll anything. Alderman Lex said hp (tho last speaker) haa no noso, or he_ could smoll them now. Alderman Butter said thoro was no knowing where Alderman Lex .had been, as he oamo rather lato, aud tho smoll most likely oame from his own hands. Beaky thon asked Buttor if he wanted to be hoalth-offioor. Butter, in reply, thought he had seen a lot of lloaky's work knooking around, all to bo distinguished by tho peouliar set of tho limbs. No particular liuo followed, except to give varioty to tho human form divine. This riled Buaky, who said Buttor was a quaok. Butter doflod Boaky to show his diplomu, and said ho was only a quaok, and . added somotmng ubout logs, or something out off atTouterfield or Stanthorpe. But at this stage thiugs got so mixed that I could not toll if it was Stanthorpe or Beaky, or the log, or tho ownorof it, that went wrong, but something was up, uud wo (the audience) woro then roquestod to leave, aud we wont. Whnt trunspired after the doors woro shut I cannot say, oxcopt that sounds of rovelry woro waftod through tho wiudow, aud I thought I dis tinguished tho wordB of a well-known comic soug which ondod in 'quaok, quack, quack.' So muoh for Lismore. 