: , 8UMSIAEY. Mr. Lovltm rc-clcoted unopposed, l'louty of business in Parliament to-mgnu. Adelaide has inaugurated a school of mines. There is some stir in Adelaide over finding n 'lo«. miinrot. Hold is «. rarity in S. A. Arbor day in Adelaide promises lo bo n big itlfiiir. The. children of tho Karl and Countess of Kintoro will eauli plant it tree. Tlio now water selunno to brill? water from the Upper Brisbane Hivol' to lirisbano is esti mated to coot, all 15, Odd. Man named ,M.'Naiighton, residing near rfamilton , Vie.), has laid "d.t.'s." When under the Mlooonoo" ho stabbed his brother and his U'ctliur's wife, tho latter danger- ' ously. I'riuce of Wales visited 1'aris incognito. On dit, aa Falstaff— disguised its a stag or a colonial commissioner. Tho Czar of Russia in verging on a row with England. We warn that potentate, when ho leads these lines at — hit! When it rains in Paris now pcoplo say, "Let us mount the Eiffel Tower and enjoy tho nuiiohiue at its summit." Wi-.tgge, tho meteorological prophet of Bris- bane, finds himself crihlied, cabined, and oon- fincd in Queensland. llo is bumptious enough to forecast all tho weather south of tho lino. A Kiiuua Ghost. — Tho petitioner in tho XCiuma divorce case wants £5000 damages from each of two corrospondenta. Tom Hales is laid flat with his old enemy, asthma. Too much fog on Fleinington. Importation of Btook restrictions in Victoria aro causing some trouble to tho stud slieop- ownors of Tasmania. Inspector of stock in Victoria say3 it is not worth whilo to risk damage to 80,000,000 sheep. in order to beuofit a few flockmnsters in Tasmania. Air. Hydraulic Engineer Davidson has sub- Jnitted what appears to bo a highly commend able scheme for supplying Brisbauo with moro water. Tho Brisbane Municipal Council intonds to Cable its sympathy with tho sufferers in tho late Johnstown (U.S.A.) disaster. The exatninor of coalfields rogards tho recent rumors as to the condition of tho Stockton Xnino as sensational. 'Tlioro wero 12 fatal and nino non-fatal mining accidents reported to tho Minos De partment during last. year. Ono accident was to nu M.L.A., but such things will happen. The estimated value of tho mineral products of tho colony at tho eloso of last year was £70,818,000. In view of tho threatening aspect of affairs in Eastern Europe, tho Now South Wales publio school cadets arc to bo reorganised.' Tho Cabinet considered tho city railway extension yesterday, and loft it where it has been anytime during the Inst 10 years. Altogether about 1700 fanners havo partici pated in the seed wheat distribution, and 50,000 bushels of wheat lrnvo been supplied. Tho Central Cumberland Free-trade Asso ciation lias sent a letter of condolence to Mrs. Linsloy, wifo of tho late tnciubor. Half-a- dozen Free-traders want the vacant Central Cumberland seat. Tho markot committee of tho Fruitgrowers' Union of Sow South Wales declined to fall in with a suggestion from the Kodforn Council to adopt the Site of Hudson's works for n' uew frific market. Tint ligh ting committoo of tho Parramatta Borough Council reeouimeiidod the acceptance of Kirklmid and Co.'a tender to-light tho town by electricity. ' :;A ' ; From Melbonmo wo hear of a lovers' quarrel, a splnsli in tlio waters of (Hebron's ; Buy, and a gallant rosouo of tlio girl by a . ; young man. , A .pubiie meeting is to iio held in tlioOmit'or- , , ' , bury Town Hall to raiso funds to assist the 'i snjforofci. by the late floods. ' "v. . ' OwiiTjy to tho phenomenal delugo duriiig the , .past holidays Saturday, next- will lib: observed, as . a' public gala at tlia G'oogeo Palivco Aquarium. See progammo.' , .Tlui Customs 'authorities', of Queensland, intend 'to -prosecnto a well-known firm in -Bris bane 'for attempted excision of duties. A The Cs'ar !anfl the-'Shnh liavo gone ill for a ceovot convention. : , Tho diamond drills enniod £8007 19s. lid. last ' ',-reitr. - -v--. .- ' ' .Jiecossitiy for completing tho Sydney. I-1 "d'.'.Ubgpitfel'ocaupiod the attention of tho Cabinet' Yesterday, and stopped there. A successful mooting in tlio interests of. Pro- \' teetion was held at tho Globe lust night. Mr., v . Clarvim, M.L. A, arid other members addressed V the -meeting. "\ -MiuiiigbriShiois, t)T the Oity of Melbourno Bank, Ballnrnt, lias boon appointed manager \ cl the Adolmdo business of tho Bank of Ade- \ laide. Foreign-traders fighting ovor tho doad man's \ llioos. r : ...- . . , r . The lease of the Emu Flat' Plantation Co.'s ilancrat Emu Flat has boon cancelled. A A, Sydney _oard-shnrpor lilayod into Tlio mnids of the Brisbane polico. - Al'lio Government of Victoria will ; nbt do, aw.'-y with tho dipping ox Tasmaniau sheep, thav arrive in Victoria. . . ? \- A\ Boulangist meeting, whioh was to 'have boettibeld at Angouloine, has boen burst up by the pcdice. , Owimg to the terrible -state of tlio Nyngan- ,(. road, famine prices are ruling in.Nyiiiageq.: ' ; Mjvj\ohn Richards, J..P., of Unanderra; was thrown firom his horse tci the ground yesterday SUBtuiniiqr sovoro injuries. ,> A man named John Hayes has been found dead in his bed at the Steam Packet Hotel, Shoalhaven. Heart disease. Somo unki iown- m-m has hanged himself to a tree on Pitt-t own O amnion up Windsor way. ; America cfliiject?'. to Bismarck bossing tho . foreign -contra'. of 'Samoa. Late Duchais of Cambridge's personalty proved at £1(10, OCO. Statuo of Bruno, pantheistic philosopher, bos been unveiled afc Rome. The Popo wasi angered at tho enthusiasm displayed over tli\ e Bruno statuo. A Boulangist ra eeting prohibited in France, Mid. deputies arr ss.ted. Nicarague Ca nal\ commenced. . ; Govcmor of Dunikirk run in for Boulangism —whatever that ma\v be. Funds for 'xho Jolniistown sufferers are said: to be inadequate. \ Tho owners of tliat\ reservoir are in danger from Judge Lynch. \ Tlie Shah appears Ao havo somewhat sold . himself to Russia. 1 Tho Balkan States ! are threatened with j ./''--''another attack of clirors'o chaos. Persia is to make r» > concession to other Powers without consulllAng Russia. -No com pulsion, but sue must. 1 ' Some of the people ,at Paris Exhibition: remarked that tlioy did in it want to be poisoned; by Australian wines.. Tho Hehald man hastens to say it wits o nly\a joke. Air. Justico Windoj ier fa\>day made absoluto the decree nisi in Gili is v. Crilos. There was a doF ,oionoty of bibles in' tho. Divorce Court to-do ,y, aud i they/ lmd to send , round to tho Hisi Pri us Counts for the necessary material. ,. , .. A . , Five jurymen, .ra'-ther thixnl listen to the pni- rient details of a di ,vorco suitly submitted to be fined -10s. each ' by Mr. J.'ustico Wirideybr : to-day. . T Tho liny and ! straw mai rkbt . at Dnrling t-Iarbor is reeov/ering from the . 'high prices prices whioh t' nu recent : lloe ids placed upon, ;6riigc of nil dfc ecriptions. I, v . :, -. . ' - r- « A— 