SEVERAL SEWS. ~ ' j^jj Evvovs.—The reception accorded to Sir Thomas Esmonde in Hamilton aud Casterton, the two most important towns in the western district, i,;is been not only enthusiastic, but poetical. ELI Hamilton £300 was subscribed. Sir Thomas, at Casterton, is reported to have said:—" There is one thing before sitting down that I must , 10t omit to express, and that is the high ptisj>ect I liave for the provincial press of t] le colony. During my travels I have fouud ti, at tlle j^jjug llletroi>olitaii , >rg.- ulSi tlie J rgus and the Ay do not hy auy means represent the feelings and opinions of the people of this country on Irish affairs, but tlie discourtesy 1 iiave l>een subjected to by them has been amply compensated for by the generous and courteous feelings displayed towards me by the provincial Press. Wherever I hare been I have been most courteously treated." The Fhagkant Weed.—.V. con«§pondent writes :—Herewith I send you an extract from the HtirnilUm ;S/*v/<rfor which may interest some of your readers, it having a direct bearing on two of our most prevalent vices, drinking and smoking. A perusal of the paragraph may disjiel a common delusion that tliat smokers and drinkers have an immunity from contagious diseases : " Typhoid Statistics.-- In all there were . - t . , ,. , , , twenry-two maie patients admitted to the Hamilton Hospital and treated for . . .. , , l - , ioi ^phoid fever during the season, which, 1 1 8 'rV T"; T ht! ^ ^ rous parts of the distnet which he liospifcu serves. As the questiou whether |>ersons addicted to drink are more liable to catch tyi>lmid" than others, or r,'(•.• rerx<i, has been raised, also the question whether a non- smoker is more liable to be attacked by typhoid than one who indulges iu the weed, we have asked Mr. McGregor, tlie house-steward of the hospital, to give us some information on these points. As the result of his investigation he finds tliat three of the patients were heavy drinkers, ten were moderate drinkers, and nine were teetotallers. One patient iu each of these three classes died from tlie disease. Five of the patients were heavy smokei-s, eleven smoked moderately, and six were non-smokers. One each «»f the two first mentioned classes died, while all the iioiisiuokers recovered." Smoking produces weak action of die heart. I wonder had this anything to do with tlie mortality among the lovers of the weed. Fibje at *itzroy.—ALL exteiLsive fire broke out <iu Monday morning iu the premises of Messrs. Moran and Cato, Brunswick-street. Fortunately it was seen before a great deal of damage w.-ts done, and was soon mastered. The origin of the fire is unknown. Found Dead.—An old man named George Fowels. aged 70, was found dead in his hut at Boolara on Monday. He had been a resident of that part for the last four or five years. He was (says the Sttmdairi) an old coal miner, but of late he earned barely enough by wood-cutting to keep body aud soul together. He is without a friend in this part. Constable Muir reported the same to the coroner this morning. An inquest will be held. Religious Mania.—Between 11 and 13 o'clock on Sunday night, as a gentleman was driving down High-street, Kew, he uoticed a somewhat peculiar specfetde in the water channel alongside the footpath. Upon close examination it was found that the mysterious-looking object was none other than a young man, who was quite naked, and stood upon his clothing, which lay about the road. Iu his hand he held the Bible, and was engaged in prayer, whilst the rain fell upon him. Sergeant M"Gtath was informed of the discovery, and, in company -with Constable Kennedy, he hurried to the spot, and found the young man as described, and bad him conveyed to tlie police station, where it was found he was suffering from religious mania. Whilst in the cell he refused to answer au: been reading at Burnley and en, ployed at Hie drainage wotIk there, k Skqubh: Derbv Cavdidates. — Anothek Big Fibs in raE CNRE.—On Sunday evening the warehouse of Messrs, Schreiber and £chaefer, situated in -Flinders Lane, was completely destroyed by fire, the hiss being estimated at £30,000. The property was insured for £21,000. No reason can be assigned for the outbreak. The premises were locked up at 2 o'clock on the previous day, when everything was safe. Milocka.—The Chief Secretary has arrived in town from Mildura, and speaks highly of the progress of the settlement founded by Messrs. CliafFey. A Mirage.—A remarkable mirage was noticed at Pihanra during last week on several occasions in the early morning (says the Havoera Star). One gentleman repeatedly saw visions of shadowdy galloping horses in the misty clouds near the horizon, and on looking across the plain in another direction he saw a mob of Maori horses, whose forms he supposed were thus reflected and distorted in the sky. Out toward the sea a forest-clad island was distinctly visible, and was seen and noticed by many members of the household. Upon another occasion mirage images of houses and castles could be seen near the mountain, and, perhaps, the most remarkable of all the phenomena was the appearance of a tall stone tower reaching to a great height in the clouds underneath Mount Egrnont. The Maoris, who had also noticed these mirages, described to him how they had all seen and watched the progress through the clouds of a ghost-like canoe, manned by the forms of many toiling giant Maoris, who rowed through mists with great vigour, and in a most uncanny wraithlike style, j As Lklakd Orchabd.—The Qitee»us {,„„(, ,• gives the following description ol an island orchard said to he situated in the centre of Moreton Bay. Tindapali, the name by which it is known amongst the aboriginals, is a little mountain rising to die height of 80ft. above the level of the sea, composed of red chocolate soil, some forty acres in extent, and surrounded by mangroves. Originally it was densely timbered with eucalyptus vegetation, oaks, etc., and with patches of scrub. Now the whole of it is cleared and planted with fruit trees. It. is only fourteen months since work was actually commenced, and already the whole of the ground has been cleared, stunqied, and planted. Over "20,000 pineapple suckers were planted last year, and even now of them are showing the first, pine fruit; there are fourteen acres under ltananas (nine acres of these were - planted by a predecessor and are now in full bearing); there are 100 mango trees of the very best sorts, 300 orange trees, 100 jiersiuimoiis, sixty custard apples, aud a few of every sort of fruit tree likely to suit the climate. In a small nursery, sheltered snugly at tlie bottom of a cliff, there are about 3,000 seedling oranges trees, grown from pips sown last October. All these it is intended to graft with the very bestnam'ed varieties and to plant out. From fifteen to twenty years ago it seemed as if there was a commercial future before this little archipelago of Southern Queensland, for much capital bad been spent in erecting saltworks, and cotton aud sugar cane fields were dotted over Russell Island and old Tim Shea but the abolition of tlie duty on salt and of the bounty on cotton, and the collapse of the sugar industry, caused all signs of life oil the islands to die away, and they were again relegated to a long period of desolate solitude perfectly uiiaccountahlc when their mauy commercial facilities are con- "T" IT*"* i -"V"™- ««.- , Mdcred. and esplauiable only on the sunv th , J - , , ., 1 i '^Tf a * the u £™ d » "°*l-t«es which for nine nionihs in the year make th^ ^nds their rendezvous cause life to be unendurable to the majority of 1 »'^ind. It is maintained tliat' not ^ the fresh ;md saIt water swamps on the islands and the mainland, including tlie vast swamp ou Ktradbroke tslaud. are drained and turned in {Kisture L-inds or farms any true relief will be felt from this really serious drawback to existence in this beautiful district. Makuied bv Suei'RIse.—An extraordinary occurrence (writes the Madrid corresjxMident of the Daily A r «ic«) has taken place iu oue of the principal churches in the parish of Santa Cruz in tliat city. A priest had nearly finished his mass, and was iu the act. of pronouncing the sacramental words. *' Ite missa est," when a young man. aged 21, aud a beautiful girl of 20, suddenly approached tlie altar railing with three middle-aged men, and the young couple cried aloud. *' We wish to lie husband aud wife. Here are our three witnesses." Now, it seems tliat under the canonical laws still regulating marriages in Spain, Roman Catholics can tlius claim to be considered married by surprise if they are skilful enough to do so just after the priest has uttered the Benediction at the close of mass. Formerly this stratagem was, as in the present case, resorted to by young people whose parents opposed r,lieir union. When this occurred in die Church of Santa Cruz a scene of confusion ensued. The priest retired to the sacristy, and sent for the police, who conducted die offenders and witnesses into die presence of the municipal judge. He declared die marriage valid, much to the delight of the _ _ young couple, and to the intense disgust j of the parents of 1-^1- both sides, — j— who —« - had «— - resisted the union. | Brought Back to Life. -—A dead tnan has been brought to life in Tennessee (U.S.A.) if we are to believe tlie Albany Sunday Press. A negro was hanged at Lebanon. But, as the rope slipped, he merely lost his senses, without being strangled. After hanging for twenty minutes the man was pronounced dead by the surgeons, and handed over to his Delations, who by strenuous exertions, managed to resuscitate the supposed corpse. The uegro's neck was badly skinned and swollen; but lie was soon well enough to escape from the town lest he should be hanged afresh. A Bojusno Elopmkkt.—An English paper reports au ertraoidinajy case ef elopement which has been investigated at the Eastbourne Sessions. Caroline Smith, the young daughter of an Eastbourne gentleman, developed an ertrathnther theyranaway, coidd a thetoat, and'had to idjtefcjjf f Jbeflgsfc After a htturtrw^ing m-u^le rinletite girl was 