MIlSCELLANEA. Parents, always select a profession for your sons, ;'it 'is so very " genteiel"' londlon papers inform us that the ranks ,t tie medical profession there are so overcrowded that it. is no uncommnon thing for " the dotor" to give his pro fessional advice for sixpence-it doesn't say iflthittincludoslthu medicino- and even tsntb eities for:lei~. But'tlln'ytfu know the status of a medical man makes him so very genteel. Pax robiecamn.. .Ja res Toohey too early dead. Toohey was quite a figure in our political world, for though he didn't make much of a show in Parliament, the made smatters remarkably lively for his fellow mnembers by talking outside of it. ie 'ao'salwayo' a" perfect storlehouso-of rsmo'rW tl'ajnt 'eer hiod' tlhe slighltest possible foondation, and he disseminated these to everyone Ie Cetould buttonhole witlt so gratye anlnaqer that tlien tile ?olitieal atmosphlere vwas distu;teil, he was able to make things remarkably lively, so tmch so, itndeed, that at last it beeatle ant axiom i Mllelbourne when ansy particularly itmportable political yarnwas naflot to..rrmark " Oh that mustihle ont of Tol,l y)'t." "Neverthi h less he was a good genial soul, and made towey. In this. Midas.oge" higher praise halh no mnii thln tlint. An American church wants a pastor, and thus describes him:-" We want a pastor to look after the new converts and carry forward the work. We don't want a great man with incompre hensiblo intellect and rhetoric, but a plain, average. human, man, rich in sympathy, of some mind, considerable culture,j big heart, full of faith and of tihe Holy Ghost, who is able and 'ivill ing to do heroic work on a moderate salary, that he tray- gather sheaves into the garner of God and build up an Interest that will be a blessing to com ing generations. The virulence with which some peo. pie attack the habit of tobacco smoking, as detrimental, not only to health, but morals, finds expression every now and then, on the platform and, in -the. press. Naturally, some people who havt loved the weed, and have hitherto looked upon their pipe as a true friend and comforter, become disturbed and disquieted. Many, doubtless, like Charles Lamb, abandon their trsetycompnanion, and patheti callf liid'it; nas he did,a .long fore'ell: But for those who doubt, yet go on sinning, it may be a comfort to learn that tobacco smoking is of eminent value as a preventive to the develop meat of microbes in tile human system. We owe it to Dr Tassnari, of the Pisa Hygienic Institute, that this moment tons fact has been discovered. His experiments with tobacco smoke on the pathogenic organisms have demonstrated that a marked delay in the development of the "colonies," and, in tlhe case of some microbes, the entire prevention of their develop. ment, 'were .tho' chemical, effects of tobacco smoke. After this the smoaker may defend his habit and himself for fanatical attacks; for if the smoking of tobacco tends to the prevention of the formation of "colo i- ies" in theohuman system,KingJames and his Couiiterhblaist;,and all the bther enemies of tih nirotani weed, may go hang for ,a -better o.argument than has hith'irrto 'lci? at their ·com mand.- Herall. Sonme -very. interesting figa.es ore being gi'en'in Amnerica relating to :the dairy industry in the United States. The number of eows in that country is estimated at 21 000,000, and these are believed to give onl an average 350 gallons of milk each annually. This gives an aggregaite of no less than 7,350,000,000 gallons, or quite a minia tunre ocean of milk. Of this quantity 4,000,000,000 is gives -as used for the nianfnlaetrd'of butter and cheese, the remaining ,8050,000,000 being con sumed as. milk by the 60,000,000 of peopliqfthe lUiited States. Ladies of what our friends the Frnench call "a certain age" will no doubt be glad to hear (says the Paris correspon dent of the London Daily Telegraph) that' at the "Dynamodermie Institute of Paris " the tell-tale wrinkles on their fair featurec can ibe resnoved by electri city. It was Ninmn de Lenclos who said, when observing on herself the effecta:of advancing age, that had she been the creator of womankind she would have consolidated all the wrinkles on the heels of the fair sex; and if the antique 'coquette! were nows alive shte would positively worship the sons of science who haveo discovered a means of utilising " Electrolysis" for the per renial preservation of beauty. Accord ing to Dr5 Vernoy, who writes on the soubjeet-of-,the snew -way -of. becoming 1" beautiful for.ever," the metlhod known *as " Eldiotrblyis't is-brouglht to bear on athe wrinkle whenever they appear on ?the face. The action of the electricity repairs theworst-out epiderntis, nutrifies and revivises it until it rises up into its proper place, and the whcle surface of the skin becomes as smooth as that of a young person full of bloom and beauty. The operation is disagreeable to,thepatpient, ,butnot psainful;,and its ben~eficial effects are 'warranted by'com petent medical authorities. In the meantime, Saintoe.eure's dticltm that smiles produce wrinkles ought to be a caution to the fair, who should endeavor to cultivate immobility of countenance as much as ) ossible, so that they may not have to seek tile aid of electricity too soos. 