POPULAB SCIENCE PAPERS. SEEING A GHOST. BR JUL IXDBEIR WILS05. IK this mattcr-of-fiict age of ours, there are to be fonnd, I fancy, few believers in ghosts. The spectre of old was, to my way of Husking, rather a flesh-and-bloodkind df visitant. It was described as behaving itself in * detadeidly .sensible fashion for tiie most part, although ibe^ reasons for its appearance—apart, from mystic vamings convoyed to relatives^ and sufch like 1 offices—were not always to be regarded"as of common sense nature. Still, I suppose ghosts of old, were facts to our fore fathers. They peopled that world of the imagination, which, ior many persons even in our own day, borders on the wotld of waking life, and on the stern realities of existence. In the olden times, science, besides, was by no means of an advanced nature. Indeed, in so far as the details of the nervous system were concerned, science might be said to have scarcely been bom half a century or sn goiic by. To-day. the ghost has mostly gone the way of all—well, it would liaidly suffice to sty " flesh ;" but it certainly represents an idea which has largely vanished from sober human affaire; dispelled like the morning clouds by the light of the coming day. Science has exorcised the ghosts and spectres of the past into a nothingness on the one band, .-while, on the other band, she has derated the study of spectral illusions into a somewhat fascinating branch of mind- philosophy. It may therefore be interesting, if "we endeavour to -discuss, as plainly and exactly as may be possible, what science has to cay on the subject of ghosts and ghost-seeing. The beginning of tt-e study is really fonnd in a knowledge of how we Bee and hear, mod exercise our senses at large. "When our eyes light on an otjject, we really see it, not with the organ^ef.eight, but with the brain. Seeing, lik&hearing;, or any other sensory wort, after all is said' and done, is truly a work of the lnind.^'Bie knowledge of what we see, is the result orvh-istdlectoal exercise. Kye and ear merely supply details on which the mind acta _and{annc-B*s j*4fPnentS-* *.bp it-remarked, these judgments are often great mistakes and obvious failures. The eye thus plays the part of a "receiving office" for the brain. It receives the raysof light which JUS through its pupil, and impinge upon its lenses. It modifies these light-rays; parcels and assorts them out, and fitstiiern fortra veiling along the optic nerve (or that of sight) to the part of the brain which rules and regulates the sense in question- - "The close approach to a land of ocular photography which takes place in the jinzplc-calour of the eye, thus shows us that seeing is first of all a matter of collecting, fixin". and transmitting lectures qf things, that these j ictares in turn are ; sent, in one shape or another, to the brai^. It is only when the "sensation" of sight, as we term it, has been received and registered in and by the brain, that we really can be said to "tee." With the ear, the case is identical. Waves of sound are assorted, tested, and finally modified, so that the biain-parts which deal with bearing may determine their true nature. When we listen to an orchestral Eympbony, the multitude of harmonies is only appreciated when the brain's work in hearing has been duly performed ; and how intricate that work, and also the labour of the ear, must he, may be better imagined than described. Now if, as I have shoirn, there is a perpetual passage of messages or sensations from eye, car, and other Eense-oigans, inwards to the brain, giving rise to the consciousness of things seen, heard, felt, and so forth, it is none the less a fact, that occasionally this process is reversed. Sensations of sight and sound and saicll and taste, are known to be capable of being sent outwards instead of innards. In place of these sensations or messages coming from the outer world to the brain, they may come back from the brain, along the nerves of sense, to eye, ear, nose, or tongue. It is as if the brain had the power of projecting forwards the messages it once received from the outside world. ' Perhaps it may actually originate such reversed messages or sensations; but it is safer to assume that the common state of things represent* I he reversionof messages originally received from the outside. What, it may be asked, is the effect upon the eye and ear of these returned sensations? I reply, they produce in the individual who is the sobject of them sensations of sight and hearing. The person sees or " hears "—that is, imagines he sees or hears—things and sounds which have no existence outside himself. This is what science calls subjective sensation ; wed this is how "ghosts" of our daily life are raised. Example will illustrate the matter jnnre powarfiJly than precept When Macbeth anomer Shakcsperean hero. He dagger ; to others it is invisible. It is a " coinage of his brain " to put tbe matter poetically; it is a subjective sensation, to put it sdentifitally; it is the "ghost" of a dagger, to put it practically. If we analyse out Macbeth's case, we should simply say, the tendon of an overwrought brain has prodnced in those parts of the brain devoted to eight - regulation, a powerful form oF irritation. This irritability, takingthe form of an allusion to the murderous intent regarding Duncan, has projected from Macbeth's l>n.in along his nerve of sight to the retina (or nervous network of his eye) the image of a dajger. Once received by the eye, the sensation raises the "ghost" of a dagger, and the whole process we see begins and ends with the erratic working of the brain. One need not fly, however, to dramatic stories for examples of ghost-seeing of the most realistic kind. One, Kicolai of Berlin, a -well-known bookseller, related to the Boyal Society of that city, at the end of last century, a full and circumstantial account of the crowds of ghosts which appeared to him, and which, moreovsr, conversed with him. He had been troubled and worried over domestic matters, and had fallen into a low state of health. This, by the way, is the usual beginning of ghost-seeing. Weakness of body, in ether words, induces erratic action of brain. Kicolai saw spectres in his bedroom by the dosen. They seated themselves in his chairs and accompanied him in his walks. He described their dress and appearance to his friends; but knew, like a sensible man, that they were only the coinages of his disordered brain. Then the ghosts began to talk, sometimes to each other and sometimes to him. An illusion of hearing thus followed an illusion of sight. Sensations of sounds were reversed in the brain and sent to the ear, just as the sensations of sight had been previously reversed. Then Kicolai had himself bled, as was the fashion in those days. Daring the operation, be wis us, the crowd of ghosts grew blurred and indistinct The voices no logger sounded in his ear; an! finally the spectres faded away into nothingness, and he was not again vrated l.ytlem. The bleeding had evidently restored the balance of hit nervous system, and had exorcised the ghosts, amply by preventing the brain's projection forwaris of the images of things seen and heard or even imagined. Nicolai's case is far from being eithersingular or solitary. There are many iases ofghostsceing on rreord, all partaking, however, of the character of N.colai s experience. There is a lustory of ill-heJth, then an account of ghosts ^ffl&a;^neTrfieMte WJtSWoeaiaaceJf the of these illusions to which I refer were how , c , rcr \®™ £i , bl « They recognized that the ghosts had no existence outside themselves, ihey brought the common sense and evidence of other people to bear on the factthatthespectres were amply the creations of an ailing brain. But let us suppose the case of a supe^tioue or witf, • M;I.u. - Here tte . Ghost . would be credited with available existence. ItsappaS w ance would he chronicled, and if we &kh;«- amagmethat,.ttrou6h mere coincidence, "somfwe findaU ^elements of a supernatural visitation m what ifonlya mere freak of the brain. One may reduce "ghosts" to a veiy commonpla<* levd ma^d, by referring to one of the most femOiar of erents. a blow on the «e caws ns to "Bee jstare;" mmE irri(ati^ of bram, »rcrei»f the ear itself, causesns to hear sounds of iella- the flashes of light and the ringing in Ihe ears, we know have no existence outside our own personality Thev axe the "ghosts " of aghts and sounds, to rnt the matter plainly. They represent the "sub jectwe Eenationa " of the man of science: just as after * How on the head, a patient is s£netimes troubled by a had odour or a di^.p^ky taste, neilhcr of which sensafioos arise from nose or month, hut. come entirely from (he re Teraed n,essagCT,,of^he brain. It is on endi grounds that scienoe Jays the "^iosb" of the inst; as it diswpttes an an equally lorcible fashion, the pgrtent^ cmens, and other euperstiUons of the . day, ;jand the liad dreams and untoward visions nf fhe night A WKL-L-KITOWB Englishwoman lias come to the conclusion that the works ot Byron, Shelley and Keats are not sufficiently $tu3ied by liet own sex, and she lias setapad a^ohntudeiable snm oitnoaey, which, whenajjuaBnondy j'n- Testea, JSll produce a substantial >txome -that U "devoted to prises ior peajs on ihe WDIFA of ttosejiflets. Trustees We &een; ap- A 