FR3ES BTBA There is an interesting case in the last issue of the Petersburg Times illustrative of some writing of Arteinus Wardi Artemus giving something of Shakespeare's sb his own, explained that the divine William and he often thought through the same pen and not only were the thoughts the same but the language waB identical. The Metropolitan News letter (Sydney) for Sept. 14, contains an article on Fbeetba.de The Petersburg Times for the 20th contains a leader on the same important subject. We print them below in parallel columns that our readers may have before them this latest instance of two great minds expressing themselves exaotly alike. Public opinion in New South Wales seems to be drifting towards Protection as a panacea for all the social and political ills with which the colony is troubled. Protection, like hon our, may be supposed capable of setting a leg, or healing the griefof a wound, or even of galvanising into life the man who hath it — " He that died o' Wednesday." These things Protection may do. They are trifles. But cer tainly Protection cannot add to the wealth or prosperity of a community. Victoria has flourished under Protection for tho last quarter of a century, and still Rhe is not happy. The protected trades are ever asking for more Protection, while the farmers are beginning to ask themselves how Protec tion can be extended to thorn. But the far mers call in vain to thsir Gods. No fire des cends from heaven to consume their sacrifices. They are like the prophets of Baal, whose gods are asleep, or have gone upon a journey. And yet there is no cessation in the Man- tilini-like "everlasting demnition grind" of bucolic foolishness. The farmers of Victoria are finding out now the hollow sham of Pro- tection to native industries, while the far mers of New South Wales are crackiug their cheeks howling for additional burdens to be placed upon their shoulders. The farmers of Victoria have passed through the fire. They have been burnt, scorched, withered by the Protection which takes all, but gives nothing. They now ask in vain for a share of the bless ings of Protection. To the demands of the former for a stock tax the Trades Hall turns a deaf ear. " At least," says the artisan, " if we concede the stock tax to the farmer, the farmer must, in consideration of his obtainin- ing a tax upon sheep and cattle, submit to an additional impost upon agricultural imple ments." Whata farce ! It is not a drama of real life ; it is a shrieking bnrleique. How the Gods who sit on high and watch the ebb and flow of life on this small speck of dust, the earth, must laugh — nay, weep ! to think how sad it all is. Do the farmers of New South Wales profit by the experience of the farmers of Victoria 1 Do they know of the struggles of the farmers of America to rid thomsel res of the ever-growing evils of Protection under which they groan ? Do they realize that the farmer pays forell, and that in the wildest dream of the political Cagllostro there is not the smallest ghost of a shied of a possibility of the former being protected ? That the only effect of Protection is to put heavier burdens upon tho already over-loaded producer ? That Protection once established stickB closer than a brother or a postage stamp, or the old man of the sea, upon the shoulders of Sitibad the Sailor ? Do they realize that Protection, like jealousy, growB by what it feeds on 1 That, like the daughter of the horse leech, Its cry is ever give ! give ! and that, once established, it produces such a crop of vested interests that only Bonis frightful catastrophy involving a whole country in ruin, or the slow effects of a progressive misery, such as obtained in England from the deficient harvests of 1837 to 1843, aud the failure of tlie potato crop in Ireland in 1845, is capable of rousing a nation to th i supreme effo -t of overthrowing a bad aud rotten system. Public opinion in New South Wales seems to be drifting towards Protection as a panacea for all the social aud political ills with which the colony is troubled. Protection, like honour, may be supposed capable of setting a leg, or healing the grief of a wound, or even of galvanising into life the man who hath it. These things Protection may do. They ore trifles. But certainly Protection cannot add to the wealth or prosperity of a community. Victoria haB flourished under Protection for the last quarter <>f a century, and still she is not happy. The protected tradeB are over asking for more protection, while the farmers are beginning to ask themselves how Protec tion can be extended to them. But the far mers call in vain to their gods, No fire des cends from heaven to consume their sacrifices. They are like »ho prophets of Baal, whose gods are asleep, or havo gone upon a journey. Aud yet there ia no cessation in the Mauti- tini-like " everlasting demnition grind" of bucolic foolishness. The farmers of Victoria are finding out now the hollow sham of Pro tection. to native industries, while the farmers of New South Wales are cracking their cheeks howling for' additional burdens to bo placed upon their shoulders. The farmers of Vic toria have passed through the fire. They have been burnt, scorched, withered by the Protection which takes all, but gives nothing. They now ask in vain for a share of the bless ings of Protection. To the demands of the former for a stock tax the Trades Hall turns a deaf ear. " At least," says the artisan, "if we concede the stock tax to the farmer, the farmer must, in consideration of his obtaining a tax upon sheep and cattle, submit to an additional impost upon agricultural imple ments. " What a farce ? It is not a drama of real life ; it is a shrieking burlesque. How the gods who sit on high and watoh the ebb and flow of life on this small speck of dust., the earth, must laugh— nay, weep ! to think how sad it all is. Do the farmers of New South Wales profit by the experience of the farmers of Victoria ) Do they know of the struggles of the farmers of America to rid themselves of tho ever- growing evils of pro tection under which they groan? Do they realize that the farmer pays for all, and that in the wildest dream of the political Caglio- stro there is not the smallest ghost of a shred of a possibility of the former being protected? That the only effect of protection is to put heavier burdens upon the already over-loaded producer? That protection once established stickscloser than a brother or a postage stamp, or the old man of the sea, upon the shoulders of old Sinbad the sailor? Do they realise that Protection, like jealousy, grows by what it feeds on ? That, like the daughter of tho horse leech, its cry is ever give ! give ? and that, onee established, it produces snoh a crop of vested interests that only some fright ful catastrophe involving a whole country iu ruin, or the slow effects of a progressive misery, such as obtained in England from the deficient harvests of 1837 to 1843, and the failure of the potato crop In Ireland in 1845, Is capable of rousing a nation to the supreme effort of overthrowing a bad and rotten sys tem. 