OUR LONDON LETTER. ;...,,£F.roir Our Correspondent.) -wi"' LONDON, 7th December. I fievpt; lemombor a December which opened with'sq little of a December appoaranco. Tho weathers unseasonably mild, and though thorois plenty of timo beforo Christmas for Nature to assumo a mora wintry aspect, it does not soom at all unlikely that snow and too will bo un known ontitios this side of tho new year. Tho absonco of tho usual bracing weather socms to exorcise a depressing influence on even tho London tradesmen,, for I don't think a poorer show of Christmas novelties has boon witnessed in tho shop win dows for many a year past. This is rather ex traordinary, seeing what an impetus trado in many branches lins recently received, and how favorably tho numbers of tho unemployed will compare with the stato of tho labor market this time last year. Witli more money than usual to spond, it looks, however, as if tho spending classes this year would have abnormally littlo to spend their superfluity on. But if tho weather is exceptionally mild, there is no donying it that matters in tlio political sphere are exceptionally hot. First of all wo aro in tho tliroos of an autumn session, and one in which Opposition passion runs so high that, instead of tho Govern ment getting through the routine business of tho estimates as a mere matter of form, as thoy fondly anticipated, almost every item is keenly scrutinized, discussions being raised nnd divisions taken on important quostions of gonoral policy in connection with almost every paltry vote. Tlio salary of tlio Chief Secretary for Ireland proved a regular "red rag" to the Opposition " hull " ; nnd Mr. Balfour was most severely baited on all hands. At various recont pro vincial demonstrations Lord Salisbury's nephew has been pretty free in his denunciations of Mr. Gladstone's career and policy. For these lie was paid back witli interest tho other night, Mr. Gladstone beginning by rebuking Mr. Balfour for liis personal attacks upon himself and tlion proceeding to launch into a personal invective of Mr. Balfour iar more scathing than any of tho abuso in which tlio latter liad indulged in Mr. Gladstone's regard. Tho Opposition leader's wrath grow to white heat in his condemnation of Mr. Balfour's unfairness in drawing com parisons between liis own coercion Ad ministration and that of Lord Spencer, Mr. Gladstone's own Lord Lieutenant. Mr. Balfour had argued in one ot' liis speeches that if ho was wrong in applying the ordinary prison discipline to political offenders, Lord Spencer and his Chief Secretary, Sir Georgo Trovclyan, wero equally guilty in tho ease of Mr. Harrington and others, who liad been similarly treated under thoit Administration. Mr. Gladstone was, how ever, ablo to show that thoro was really no analogy between tlio cases, as the momout it camo to Lord Spencer's knowledge that tho ordinary prison discipline was being insisted on lie ordered its relaxation ; whereas, at tho presont juncture, -it was by Mr. Balfour's express instructions that political offenders wore sub jected to indignities which, undor tho Liberal regime, had been suspended so soon as they had come undor the cognisanco of tho Irish executive. In conclusion, Mr. Gladstono challenged Mr. Bal four to contradict the explanation wliioli lie lind offered, and called upon him in ease ho could not deny tlio fiiots to fully and unreservedly apologiso to Lord Spencer. Mr. Balfour ro: sponded in liis usual slap-dash stylo, evading whore lie could not answer, and shifting to new ground where liisMobating instinct told liim tho old was insecure. Mr. Balfour has plenty of pluck, but lio is as inaccurate in debate as he is audacious in administration; and there can bo no doubt but that the -honors of tho disaussion rested with Mr. Gladstone, whoso glowing periods are bound to x>roduoo a considerable effect upon tho public mind. To conviuco oneself of Mr. Balfour's deficiencies, ono has only to compare him with Mr. Forster, whoso dogged English conscientiousness wns so muoli bettor calculated to commend his policy to his countrymen than the iiixipant smartness and superficiality of liis successor. Like uncle, liko nephew, may bo truthfully said of tho Premier aud his young relative ; tho former having excited a storm of indignation aud rebuke," oven in Anglo-Indian circles, for his avowedly injudicious refercucc in ono. of his Scotch speeches to an eminent Indian publicist as a "black uiau." Nothing could be worse coming from tho Prime Minister of England, when we consider tlio extreme susceptibility of tho diverse races by whom our rulo is rather tolorated than loved in India". Furthermore, tho hit had but little personal point as Mr. Naoroju, against whom the shot was directed, is really a good deal more white complexioncd than Lord Salisbury's own colleague, Mr. Ritcliio. As the Fall Mall Gazette remarks, it was a greased cartridgo which caused tlie Indian mutiny, and disagree able, though not probably directly disastrous, effects aro likely to follow from this- latest " flout and jar " of" our ablo but injudicious Premier. Tlie St. George's Club, undor Mr. Castle's management, Boems to have established itself as a centre for " colonials" from all quarters of tlio Empire. It will bo remeinbored how disastrously tiic ill-fated Empire Club failed, so that some credit is duo to the administration of the St. George's, which, though not exactly tho ideal thing, is at least a successful stop gap. Tho usual monthly liouso dinners are now in full swing, Sir Saul Samuel last month disporting himself in tlio chair, which on Wednesday last was taken by even a greater " gun" — Lord Carnarvon. The latter is generally regarded in political circles as what is vulgarly called "an old woman." But lio is certainly a very nice one. In private life lie is greatly beloved ; tlio extreme conscientiousness and excessive squcamisliness which havo marred liis success in tho xiolitical arena making him the idol of the social and domcstio circle, where his hearty kindliness and high sense of honor aro recognised by all. Liko the late Lord Iddeslcigh, ho was not meant for tho rough and tumble of our constantly more embittered and self seeking public strife. As a chairman Lord Carnarvon possesses every quality that x>orsonal tact and Bocial polish can confer. There was, therefore, a good muster at tho dinner over which ho was to preside. As ovorybody knows, lio is the head of tho liouso of Herbert ; and, of course, Sir Robert Herbert must bo there to chaperon his chief. Equally, as overybody knows, Sir Robert Herbert is, except in name, the head of tho Colonial Office. It was therefore eminentiy fitting that a largo contingent of thoso who have cither reeoireu, or liopo to receive, favors at the lmnds of tlio Colonial Office should also assemble to do honor to their chief. The result was that quite a little constellation of colonial Governors, just in or just out of berths, assembled to assist Sir Robort Herbort in supporting tlio chief of liis clau. It was amusing to witness tlie unctuous deference with which each petty viceroy in esse or posse approached and greeted tho great arbiter of his fate. And it was amusing, also, to witness with what xiatroniaing pleasant ness tho comx>limcnt was iiassed 011, and each little Batrap in turn presented by the Herbert of the Colonial Offico to the Horbert of the evening. It was really a study in deportment seldom, if over, excelled to see tho fino blending in Sir Robert's air of jiatronage of tho satraxis and deference to the head of his Houso which played over his expressivo features during this introductory ceremonial. Tho announcement of dinner put an end to tho introductions and the entertainment, and the dull part of tho proceedings commenced. Amongst tho. guests wero most of the Agents- General, of whom, howevor, I only recognisod Sir Graham Berry, Sir Saul Samuel, Sir Arthur Blyth nnd Mr. Arehor. Sir James Garriok conversed amicably with his displacer in Yiotoria-street, and both gentlo- men paid tho usual tributes to the millionaire attractions of Mr. "Walter Hall, ono of tho largest owners of Mount Morgans. Having got on to the moneyed interest reminds mo of Mr. "Westgartli, whom I saw receiving innumerable congratulations ou his safe return, from thoso who had not before met this gonial friend of tho colonies siueq liis arrival. Mr. BetlieU was also tho victim of similar attentions. Mr. Had- dou Chambers, with his blushing honors still Ithick upou him, represented colonial literature, -and seomed quite equal to the occasion. Captain Loftus, whose wifo still sticks to " tho millinery," was also in evidence; and I must not omit Captain Gray Robertson, Mr. Hcaton's brand now secretary, who came to hear his employer's speech, with a viow probably of suggesting elocutionary improvements in tho honorable member's delivery. Lord Carnarvon's spocob was of tho usual character) aud you will have already received the main x>oints by telegram. Sir Graham Berry was for once not eloquent. The Age, half a dozen yoars ago, was ono of the fow organs of public opinion in tho Empire which, from tho very first inception of tho anti- Arabi crusade, condemned tho Egyi>tinn policy iuitiatcd by Mr. Gladstone's Government, and prophesied tho croxis of ills which tlio adoption of that polioy has since brought not only upon Egypt, but upon England nnd both tlio govern- -ing parties in tho United Kingdom. It would bo idle to recapitulate the series of littlo wars, bringing us no honor , and great bloodshed, and ending up with tlie disgraceful tragedy at Khartoum, whieh tho adoption of an initio; tory polioy of iniquity has brought upon tlio x>eoplo of this country. No fair minded Eng lishman but would prefer to dismiss the subject and bury the past. Unfortunately this is im possible — at least so long as wo retain our pre sent liappy-go-lucky hold on Egypt. Osman Digna, his ghost or liis successor prevent our ignoring the past as nn ovil dream. Tlie eon-, tinuance of tho Arab attacks on Suakim, which tlio Egyptians unassisted aro unable to repel, has compolled Lord Salisbury's Govornment to reconsider the situation. Eitlior the place must bo given up, in which caso either the Arabs or some Europoan powor (tho latter tho most probablo contingency) would occupy it and both Egypt and ourselves bo dispossessed, or we must como to the rescuo of tho Khedive's troops and assist thorn with British auxiliaries. The latter course is that whieh tho Government have docidod on, but in sitoh an inept lind inconsistent fashion that it seoms 'clear that tho old polioy, or no policy, of blundering on in hand to inouth ignor- auco and helplessness is to distinguish British action under Lord Salisbury, just, as it did under Mr. Gladstone. The force to he sent is so small that, though it may suffice to repol tho assailants for the moment, it will liavo no permanent effect whatever in oompolling them to discontinue thoir attacks, tho old stato of affairs thus immediately supervening the moment the British detachment is withdrawn. About suoii a course there is neithor xirinciple nor finality, and if ail honest voto of the House of Commons could bo takon thoro could be no doubt hut that it would rosult in a consuro of the Government. Mr. John Moriey raised tho question on tho dix>lomatio vote on Saturday last, and quoted with great offcct tho opinions on Egyptian polioy advanoed by leading riiembora of tlio Tory party whon expressing their hostility to Mr. Gladstone's policy. Tho speooli of tho occasion was, liowovor, that of Lord Randolph Ohurchill, who, it must be admitted, vindicated his complete consistency by opposing to tho action of tlio Tory Government the same argu ments which of yore ho used against Mr. Glad stone and lio boldly avowed that lie hated tlio Soudan, and would ho no party to more useless slaughter, for onds which tho Govern ment declined to define, and which no sano man could oxplain or vindicate. Poor Mr. Smith in vain ejaculated that Suakim must bo held with a viow to tho suppressiou of tho slave trade. Ho could not, however, recon cile this contention with the tact that the 'Egyptian Treasury was. to bo chargod with tho expenses of tho new expedition—the suppres sion of the slavo trado being in no way a specially Egyptian interest — mo3t Egyptians being, on the contrary, quite callous about it. Arguing iu a circle, ho frcoly assertod that tho dofenco of Suakim was neoossary to tho safoty of Egypt, but was immediately demolished when asked to point out how tho tamx>orary loan of a fow British troops to the Khedive would enablo him to permanently relieve tho siege of Suakim. Tlio fact is, we must eithor leave Suakim to -its .fate or annex it oursolves and garrison it after the same fashion as Italy has dono with Massownh. Tho Government will not, however, face the alternatives, aud are bent on continuing tho old policy of blundering "and bloodshed, which, whilst covering us with dis grace, can only xiostpono tho ovil day. Mr. Morioy's motion was only dofeated by 35 ; tliedis- cussionof thequostion being resumed on "Wednes day last by LorilRandolxih Churchill, aftora most sensational and abnormal fashion, on a motion for the adjournment of tlio House. Of this motion, it is stated, he gave notico to tho Liberal party, but failed to apprise tho Government or | tho Tories in any way. Aspersions of treachery wcro thus frooly bandied ubout, and as the Liberals mustered in strong forco it seemed for a time as if the Government would bo dofeated. They) however, sent out a hasty whip, iind with the aid of the Liberal Unionists succeeded in repelling tho assault by a majority of 42. Lord Randolph vindicated liis impromptu attack on tlio' ground that it was absolutely noccssary for the Houso of Commons to interpose to prevent tho useless slaughter which, he calculated, would ensue not lator than Sun day next. Ho also boldly asserted that all tho leading military advisors of the Govornment had condemned tho operations as being undertaken on too small a scale, and ho challenged, the War Secretary, Mr.- Stanhope, to deny what, ho had asserted. Lord Randolph spoko in liis best stylo, and liis reference to Mr. Bright, against whom lie contested "a division of Birmingham in 1885, was both pathetic and impressive. "I do ask tho Houso," said tho noblo lord, "most earnestly to exert its.authority. I ask it to stretch out its arms, reaching out as it wero many thousands of miles away, right down on that African coast, interposing nnd arresting slaughter and blood shed. I think I havo adduced weighty ground for that roquest. But there is another poiut which occurs to mo, which Ialsoadduco with great hope, but, certainly, with some hesitation. There is a great Englishman, I can call him by no other name, a member of this House, who is now lying on a bed of severe affiiotion, to tlio im mense and profound grief of all of us. I cannot help recalling that on one great occasion that great man mado an earnest and eloquont appeal to the House of Commons to avert and arrest tho slaughter of British soldiers who had been sent to a distant shore, and in a passage of singular eloquonoe, so beautiful and so widoly known that while it has asccndod to tho dignity of a classic it has almost dosconded to tlie level of a commonplace, ho imx>lored the House to exert its authority to savo tho lives of British soldiers who wero, in his opinion, likely to bo unnecessarily sacrificed. Who is there, -I should like to know, in tiiis Houso who, looking back to those days, would not regret that the voioe of that right lion, gentleman had not greater influence and powor with tho Government of that day? We of tho Unionist xiarty, and I heliovo tho entire House, attaoh great valuo to the opinion of that great man. Wo cannot doubt what advice ho would give us with regard to this now contemplated sacrifioe of British soldiers had ho been among us this afternoon, and his health and strength permitted. I do submit no better recognition could bo offered by tho Houso, no more brilliant tribute oould ho rendered to tlio regard in whioh his namo is hold in tlio hearts of tho peoplo, than if wo wero to reflect that ho would tell us to pause beforo we entered rashly on a career of warlike operations in tho Soudan." Iu rex>ly, Mr. Stauhope was unable to deny that the authorities at head quarters objected to his proceedings; tho English officials iu Egypt wore, howovor, ho assertod, satisfied with his policy. Though the explanations given were as lame as possible, Lord Harrington lent the weight ot Iris authority to tho beleaguered Ministry, objecting . to Lord Randolph's motion, on tlio ground that its aeoeptanoe would tond to transfer the responsibility of military operations from tlio Executive Govern ment to tho House of Commons, a course which he deprecated. Public opinion in the oountry is undoubtedly with Lord Randolph, and there is h strong feeling abroad that if military opera tions aro undertaken an attempt should be con temporaneously mado to open negotiations with tho hostile tribes, with a view to the establish ment of permanent relations of a frioudly cha racter. The Agents-General havo been atLordKnuts- ford again in reforcnoe to xiermission being given to trustees to invest in colonial stocks. Tlio im pression soems to bo that Mr, Goschon is tho stumbling block in the matter. But ,a3 Lord Knutsford promised ' to oonsult with ' his colleagues on tho subject, possibly ways and means may bo found of ovoreoming his oppo sition. 