Scene in Rawnted Rouse. W ATCHERS PU T TO FLIGHT. Ghost slorri s of the most startling and sensational character have for some time excited the people of the neighborhood of Folk and California streets, San Francisco, and continue to be a source of terror to women and cliildt en, and even to a few strong men. The house, until recently occupied by Saul Liebenbaum and family, at 1421 CaJiforniastreet.has acquired tbe reputation of being haunted, and it the kp. ne of tome strange stories of noeUruM visits from hobgoblins uni o f ‘super na’.ural exploits. M r Leiben* im “ is — a practical business msn to whoi belief in tbe supernatural heretotoi a been entirely foreign. For tin t statements in relation to the stn] ranees of which be has been a entitled to some consideration months M r Liebenbaum and fsi isson his ooour* Itness are some ly, con* BiBting of himself, wife, a child, vd. two German strvant giils, have been\reatly troubled end even horrified at w w they have seen going on in the house. Yitf tbeir eyes they hive the doors th n wide open—doors tbat had been locked with the keys in the pOBsesion of the owner. They have seen the shutters opened and even the oloset doors thrown wide apart. 8ometimes the front and parlor doors would be opened noiselessly and simultaneously, •nd a form would enter the front door and walk upstairs mosning piteously. The ghost, if such it was, had the appearance of a msn, and resembled a trusted employee of the Liebtnbaumi, who some years ago committed suicide in the house. 80 great was the terror and annoyance caused by therepested visits of ihe strange intruder that M r Liebenbaum was compelled to desert the home and to remove his family to another duelling in (he neighborhood. The delicate health of M rs Liebenbaum rendered this step imperative, and all the members of the family were glad tough to get away from so unpleasant ,apl»oe. Tbe family'having moved to Von N ess Avenue only a few dtyssgo, Mr Liebenbaum determined to make further hssent George 8 chultz and W illiam ‘Horrivan, two of his employees, to watch tbe premises. Both were believed to be courageous young men, whom all the spirits, gflosts and goblins in creation conJd not »care “ Billy "w as the leader, and be and his companion were well armed. To cheer the inocr man the delicacies of the season were provided. The.men look, up positions in the parlour and placed their provisions and shooting irons npon the centre-table. They entered the house soon after dark and waited through tbe long h->urs of the first part of the night, b a t no ghost appeared. They partook of their refreshments and were having quite a merry time when suddenly there stood before them in the hallway, in fall view through the opened door, the dreaded figure of which they had heard so much. Their faces blanched and their hair rose up. The spirit was in tbeir presence, and they were so panic stricken that neither of th?m dared approach it. Every door iu the bouse was locked end and the keys lay on the table before them. 8ilently the parlor and front doors opened. The ghost after staring a t Schultz and Horrivan, walked unconcernedly upstairs, uttering groans which increased the terror of the young men. After ascending a few stapB it stopped, leantd over the railing and starea long and steadily at them and then disappeared in tne direction of tbe storey. In their fright the first law of nature asserted itself in their minds and they took to flight. They sprang through t front window and ran to the street. While tiorrivan guardt-d the front of the house Schultz ran for a policeman. Ih e neighborhood was soon aroused, bat although quite a crowd assembled no one hsd the cuurage to enter the honse, and the ghost was not again seen th at night. When M r Liebenbaum entered b it store next morning be found ficbultz and Homvan bad y demoralised. They declared tbat thiy had seen tbe ghost, and their statements found full credence in his mind, ss he bad more than once been made to tremble by the presence in his house of tbe apparition. H e resolved upon a further investigatiou, and the next night four men volunteered to occupy the haunted houae and keep watch nntil daylight. The party consisted of George Baucrs. John Schrocder, Henry Glncker, and Horrivan. The latter only consented to go through his ghostly experience wi.h the greatest reluctance. Schroeder was game, but Glncker did not seem anxious for on introduction to mysterious strangers from tbe unseen worJd. They arrived a t the destined residence about 10 o'clock, entered— Bsuers bravely in the lead—barred and bolted ell tbe dcors, and awaited the coming of the ghost. They were well prepared for the ghostly invader. On ihe centre (able stood three revolvers, a hsavy axe, apd three or four blndgejns; and on an adjacent table were pled provisions enough to stand the siegi. The watchers stayed at their post unti. morning, but this time no ghost appeared The next night another watch was kipt, but aga u the ghost failed to p ut n »n appearance. I t was deU-tmiued to guard tbe bouse until the mystery sboull be explained, and each night a part: of watchers will stationed in th^parlor. A fact that adds to the superstiious dread of some of the more timid petiODs is th at two suicides hive been comiittedio the house. The former owner 0 the property is said to have killed hmself there, and Herr Mueller, boobeeper for Liebenbaum Brothers, likeviie look his life within the building. I t i said th a t the strange figure is very such like young Mueller, rnd some persox Relieve that it is his materialised sp-it. I t is more probable, however, that it is the form of some practical joker. 1 