PROJECTING HEADS. No. X. ? glossy head IVAN' (,L(I "tl, e fierce glare of Irish just VlY flashlights of '9S t and iin, coul regarding whom I rise good gmw * the present occasion, in few rem, V w n and shipwrecked brother of the things he has eft ie d , t0 I,, I determine in a vague but llitch up v" liiat he will, weather peril^1" .^L.jn to lend a hand, and leave forthwith L e tfueB Qn the Australian [° r nime v '.'-orra" and not stand idly by a mouth rm him, and see any further •j0;e to ouM Oireland. it , )|;iv seem, it is nevertheless fcessarv > ti e "bald and uncompromising r p;; vall was born bald in Ireland, as far !tt ,e )' e . ttr It worid, like moBt other infants 'Tmsnerai .m, for the purpose of saving r Jntrv i I eland has always been f V C to save her, and it is an H- a1 ,o£ nmnv men have jauntily under- [ ? 2 f i and then either sub-let it to Rse or thrown it up altogether was horn there was, it is said an j Ll the little flabby head, not viaible to K o f the Sassenach, but clearly to be by the eye of faith, on the part of the ' The attendant physician also remarked, ,, uk at that now ?" as he discovered the iimnrint of a shamrock on the child s big * St Patrick himself, sure, had set it r nr' was„'t lookiDg. At his birth, too, Uhee crooned, the ghost of Finn M'Coul Cut midnight and said "Ha! ha !" and [[ dirk of O'Donnell Aboo was seen |a (he belt of Orion. that out Bryan's face assumed a determined [of the union " aspect, which his natural oonr could not hide. . . . . . . une of an old and distinguished family ; [mention it, for so did we all for the matter j It is still the glory both of the Aryan and Irace^ when shadows darkly gather and frowns, to stand bold upright even in odd I a tattered shirt, smite upon its breast, It with pride to that venerated spot in |mia where centre the fondest and proudest 6 of its noble ancestors. luad Bryan became able to lisp, he was, of jaoghtto put his little hands together, and Ithat popular but rather indefinite prayer, be Ireland," and he went out into the cold lid, clothed with a mighty sense of the jras destined to play in the redemption of 'pare him for his noble mission he to school at Oxford. Herein he had ,ntage of St. Patrick. After that he tour of the continent, and finished College, Dublin, where he distinguished in ethics, av yer 'onner plases. To s mind still further, he was articled ineer. There was probably some deep in this which does not appear on the He then went farming for a spell, and up by entering a mercantile house in What he did in that mercantile house it told. Probably he sampled whiskey, or ie studied the iniquitous excise laws, or r phase of Ireland's grievance, ultimately called to the Bar, however, led the Munster Circuit. He did not inence at the Bar. for he had a soul Prim. He held a perpetual retainer his country. To stand up, while ;ion of Ireland was on the tapis, and waste tvid eloquence to convince a jury, mostly m the hogs, that on the "twinty-foorth until" Bridget Malone did not offer to liver out of Felix O'Connor was a thing thought of; nor could sound argument 1 according to law against a vulgar 4 f5 een t distiller, ^ whilst *»*H1 DU Vthe m i T, whole J.1VXU 16 to from the lii!'; Ki'ieale, clamoured to be , 4„ Ir °n hand of the oppressor, of ' a . s , e . v erybody knows, "a noble ) Illinois/' as the parish priest 8 among themselves that all things were then ready, began to save Ireland according to the methods then in vogue among the peasantry of the outlying districts. Bryan lent hem his sympathy in an informal manner, but he would not put on his regalia for the event, nor sound the tocsin, nor blow the ram's horn, nor eat a sod of turf to show how he loved his country. As things fell out, however, it was proved they were not ready by several Irish miles and a few furlongs. The patriots had taken a contract without leading the specifications. They rammed their old blunderbusses to the muzzle, but when they came to fire the cap snapped every time. The train was laid all right, but when they applied the match they found the powder was damp. Salvation was there stariDg them full in the face, and chewing the cud of reflection, but they couldn't rope her in. The machinery of the campaign didn't run smoothly. The man who held the crank handle got frightened, and let go to run home and feed his pigs, so the whole thing went bung with a whizz ! injuring several innocent bystanders. There was a lack of unity amongst the saviours. Every man had a plan of his own, and, with true Milesian determination, persisted in paddling his own canoe. So they marched in a circle, like a circus promenade, skirmish 1 d in mobs, and then tried to form a square by taking open order on the left of subdivisions from the front. At length the bugler sounded the sauve qui peut on a battered trombone, and the cahbage garden effort ended in a flash in the pan. Ireland didn't get saved that time. Bryan then got disgusted, and thought the great work could be done better at a distance. He therefore resolved on parts " beyant the says," and landed here in '62, where his friend, Charles Gavan Duffy, was flourishing like a green bay tree, and proclaiming the wrongs of Ireland with a husky voice and violent gesture. For several long, weary years he scorned not to discharge the modest duties and lift the more modest emolument of a Crown Prosecutor. Year after year he plodded patiently along the beaten track of the Circuit Court. Though the work was clearly beneath him, he failed not constantly to stand before the " twelve good men and true," and, with soft, insinuating voice and polished demeanour, state just how the thing happened, without ever once letting it appear that he had any higher concern than indictment and brief. He never once kicked over the traces, as many weaker men might have done, to lay waste the Temple of Justice by a tornado of Home Rule oratory. In those days, by reason of his dependent position, he could but sic, like Alfred the Great at the Cotter's fireside, and indulge in day-dreams of future greatness. All thi 6'ime Ireland was still unsaved and standing on her hind legs crying in a loud Hibernian brogue unto the four corners of the earth to come over and do something for the love of the saint; either to send money, drench the universe in gore, remove the first meridian out of its position, wipe out landlords, plant Dublin Castle into the Pacific Ocean, or raise the price of spuds ; and to be quick about it or events would happen as usual. In '77 an event occurred which advanced Bryan a hop, step and jump in the social race. His brother died, and then the obscure Crown Prosecutor succeeded to the title and estates (if any) of his father. It was not meet that a baronet should prosecute the wily forger, or the adept burglar, so Sir Bryan arose in his newly-acquired grandeur, and snapped his fingers at the majesty of the law, and told the Court in an aristocratic tone of voice that he had other engagements. He was now the acknowledged leader and champion of the Irish party in Victoria, and " hooroo for Sir Broyan " rose like the rushing of many waters from the Celtic camp. Wherever and whenever there was a bit of a Whillalu held to celebrate the " glorious Sivinteenth," and drag forth the mangled effigy of the patron saint, or a convocation to denounce in a tempest of rattling ad jectives the " prisint godless system of Education," there was Sir Bryan to be found, putting the ghost of Brian Boru in evidence, to show that things were not as they ought to be. Then the old war cries of " Erin go bragh,'' " Cead Mille Fail the " and "God Save Ireland" would well up, until the wrongs of the poor bleeding country were burned into the very midnight sky, and the clamour would only cease when the " jaynil " baronet stood forth and declared by the sanctity of the blessed trefoil, "Gentlemen, Ireland shall be saved." That being settled, as it has been any time this last century, the company would adjourn to the adjacent pubs, and talk of all Sir Bryan had done and would do for the cause. Shortly after his accession to the Baronetcy, Sir Bryan heard that he had been elected to the House of Commons by his late brother's constituents. He declined, however, to take his seat among the first assembly of gentlemen in Yurrup. His time had not yet come. He would toil on at this end of the job, keeping together the scattered remnants of Erin's sons, and never return to his native land until Ireland had been saved. He entered the Victorian Parliament, as every man, by some strange perversity of reasoning, thinks he ought to do when he gets a leg up the social ladder, either by success in keeping a tripe shop, or by such fortuitous circumstances as had fallen to Sir Bryan's lot. Black Wednesday Berry, who had just then come with a rush, thought it a grand thing to have a Bart, in his Cabinet. He, therefore, took in Sir Bryan, and petted him, and made much of him. The blood of the O'Loghlen, however, was too Creamy to mingle with the sludge that flowed in the veins of Berry, who would not shout, "God Save Ireland." His only notion was to save himself. Sir Bryan, therefore gave notice, and, upsettiug the Ministerial hat-rack, he banged the door behind him, and bounced out of the Cabinet. Soon after that he tuk the flure ag'in Berry and ousted him, forming a cabinet of his own, in which, with real blue-blooded magnaininity, he took the portfolios of Premier, Treasurer and Attorney- General. Ireland's salvation now loomed large on the horizon. With a Home Rule Premier, the Irish Party became jubilant, and sang traditional songs as to the musical performances of the "Harp that once through Tara's Halls," and the innate worth and wonders of the " Dear Little Shamrock," to say nothing of the snuffling pathos evoked from the " Wearing of the Green." But alas ! Sir Bryan was a little premature. He wanted to get there too quickly. He had undertaken too much. His legislative eyes were too big for his legislative stomach. He was a kind of political Nick Bottom, who wanted to play all the parts, without having any distinct qualification to play one. The result was he made a howling wilderness of the political arena, and got fiscal and judicial matters so mixed up that the House didn't know whether it Mas voting supplies or putting the hammerlock on a refractory judge. Tariffs, Treasury Bills and Treason got so woefully entangled that at last Sir Bryan passed his hand gently over his bald head and Baid he guessed he'd abandon the job. Let some other man take hold who had no Ireland to save, or soul to save, or other engrossing care. But what of hiB political failures, when he sees the present joyful indications that Ireland's triumph is near ? Is not Pigott gone down ? Is not the Times put to shame T Is not Parnell triumphant ? Have not Dillon, Esmonde and Deasy come hither to tell us these things, and to collect our money on the strength of their assertions What more, then, does any reasonable man want who knows anything about Home Rulers ? Sir Bryan has been the foremost man to welcome these partners of his toil, and now that Ireland is as good as saved, and everything is settled except the drinks, he can calmly await with indifference the mellow decay of old age, which is creeping on steadily, secure in the conviction that lie has worthily kept up his end of the great struggle at the Antipodes. He is a kind, scholarly gentleman, too honest to become a great statesman, and too Irish to go back on his word. He has heaps of friends and no enemies, and if they offered him the crown of the old Kings of Connaught, and the sceptre of his native Green Isle, nobody here would say him nay. A NOVEL ball is recorded from Cincinnatti, the dancers being fifty deaf mutes. Novel indeed must have been a ball at which no lady remarked oil the heat of the room or the indecency of the other ladies' dresses. IF Melbourne people want an illustration of how speedily time flies, they can find it in the reflection that the failure of the Provincial and Suburban Bank, which took place "the other day," actually occurred ten years ago, viz., in May, 18711. ; < HELL items, by our own correspondent," is the startling headline in one of our London papers. " Hull" may have been intended. Still,as the paper in question happens to be a theatrical journal, there maybe heaps of truth, if not wisdom, in the title after all. THE wife of Mr. R. W. Gary, well known in theatrical circles, died very suddenly on Tuesday last at her residence, 14 Kerr-street, Fitzroy. The deceased lady (whose maiden name was Miss Mary Ann O'Leary) was esteemed by all who knew her, and they were many. THE Melbourne detectives are not so bad after all, judging by what their Sydney colleagues are e ipable of The latter were a few days ago told oft to arrest a man for masquerading as a woman. They came up with party " wanted ' and arrested " him ' /or being a woman masqtierading as a man ! The young fellow (for he was a he) is now on remand. A RAILWAY porter's lot, like that of the proverbial policeman, is not always a happy one, judging by a case that cropped up in Box Hill a few days ago. It transpired that a passenger refused to ante up for his ticket; he was given in charge, and at the police station produced a fullyloaded six-chambered revolver. Truly an interesting passenger. THE uses and abuses of the common, every-day bustle that grows to a great height on the modern female have been admirably illustrated during the last week or two. It has saved a woman from a watery grave (original phrase), and compelled our Government to establish an observatory at Wodonga for the examination of all improvers entering the colony overland. On kalizoic grounds we have no objection to the bustle, but, being strong Protectionists, we advocate its complete eradication from the human form divine and the annals of the time. Woman is a useful feature in our cosmology, and we are willing to make many sacrifices to alleviate her position and induce her to retain her situation, but when she demands the privilege of wearing a branch establishment that necessitates special legislation and new Government departments, with large, over-paid heads and big retinues of haughty, high-handed officials, we think it iB time to bring something heavy and hard to bear on the question with a view to convincing the itinerant female that her request is unreasonable and her bustle comes high. Man does not adorn his person with any balconies, hen-crates, or other overhanging parts that need to be prospected by an army of public servants for fear they contain whee'-barrows, or smoked pig, or carpets, or other dutiable goods, and he is quite justified in rising with an unqualified tnoit to protest against the improver and demand its instant dismissal from the face of nature, on the grounds that it leads to enormous outlay and unnecessary delay ;n travelling We hope woman will recognise the difficulty, and detach herself from the objectionable construction wi'hout delay. 