HOW THE NEW TESTAMENT HAS COME TO US. TO THE EDITOR. I am, &c.; JOHN BLACKET. I am, &c.; MINNIE. June 14, 1889. I am, &c.; THOS. BLACKBURN. Sir— I trust you will allow me space to reply to your correspondent "J. T. Price," and I will endeavor to make my remarks as concise as possible. In controversy it is necessary to keep to the point Or no definite result will be obtained. To refresh the memory of your readers let me review the substance of my former letter. The proposition was laid down that we can fiod traces of the New Testament writings shortly after the apostolic age. The first witness called was Clement, of Rome. Irerceus, writing about the middle of the second century, says "that Clement had seen the apostles and been conversant with them." Other writers contemporary with the latttr bear witness to Clement's early date. The latter wrote an epistle to the church at Corinth. This was shortly after the apostolic age. That epistle has come down to us to-day. In it we find quotations found in the Gocpels, Acts, Ist and 2nd Corinthians, Titus, Romans, Hebrews, and 1st Peter. The language that Clement uses reflects the apostolic epistles. We find from his letter that the church at Corinth preserved the epistle that Paul wrote to them. Clement advises the Corinthians to take up Paul's epistle and again to read it. He gives quotations from it that are in harmony with our printed copy. The second witness that we called was Polycarp the disciple of St. John. In Polycarp's Epistle to the Philippians he reminds them of the letter that Paul had written to them. He gives quotations found in Acts, 1st Peter, Epheseians, Ist and 2nd Corinthians, 1st and 2nd Timothy, Galatians, 1st John, 1st and 2nd Thessalonians; also quotations found in Matthew and Mark. The third witness that we called was Justin, a Greek philosopher, who was converted to Christianity shortly after the apostolic age. Before giving his testimony to the New Testament writings, I pointed out that there were apostolic writings in existence previous to Justin. Clement referred the Corinthians to Paul's epistle. Poly- carp speaks of the epistle that the Philippians had received from Paul. In the writings of one of the apostolic fathers (Barnabas) we find the formula—" it is written"—followed by an exact quotation from Matthew. In his letter to the Roman Emperor (remember Jus- tin's early date) he says—"That all that con- cerned Christ had been recorded in the ' Memoirs' called Gospels, composed by the apostles, and those that followed them." Justin, in bis writings, gives as an epi tome of Christ's life, and a large number of quotations from the Gospels substantially the aavre m. those with which we ace familiar. We may infer from Justin's writings that tbe Goipela referred to by him were four. His disciple (Tatian) fur nisae? positive evidence to the fact that there weae four apostolic gospels shortly after tb9 apostolic age. The ether witnesses that we called were Irersens, in Gaul; Clement, in Alexandria; Tertullian, in Carthage—all of wham flourished in the second century. These three testify to tbe four canonical gospels written by those whose name? they bear. These early writers Rive us the substance of tbe Gospels we possess today. Column after column of The Advertiser could be filled with quotations from tfae apostolic fathers, and Justin, Irenaeos, Clement, and Tertullian, substantially the same as we find in our version. Mr. Price wishes to know how I know that they quote from onr New Testa meat writings. I want to know what other gospels and epistles they tooV the quotations frun. Some remarks made by your correspon dent are very misleading. " In his original letter—trying to throw discredit upon Irena>ua —he says— M That Iretia^tra mentions the gospel of Jodaa and tbe gospel of troth." The bald way in which Mr.~Price places this statement before the readers of The Advertiser is disin genuous. The unsuspecting reader would infer that Iretsus admitted other gospels, betides the four canonical ones. What are the facts of the case? Let me give IrenseM's words. He is g-ving an account of the Caiaites—a Gnostic eect. He says—" They produce a fictitious history which they ktyle the. gospel of Judas." Take tbe other instance. Speaking of the Valen tinians—another sect of Gnostics—he saj?, "They have arrived at such a pitch of audacity bb to entitle their comparatively recent writing the gospel of truth." Mr. Price informs your readers that he po?ses?es tbe "Apocryphal New Testament." Some years ago Mr. Hone, a sceptic, published what was termed the "Apocryphal New Testa ment " He divided, tbe work into chapters and verses to make it resemble our own. I presume this' is the work to which yonr correspondent reterp, perhsps toalateredition. Oar canonical (toepels Rive us little information reipectiwr tbe boyhood of Jesus. • These apocrypha were written to eati?fy curiosity on that point. I will give tile readers a few quotations, and they can form tbtv own judgment. The* apocryphal gospel of Matthew—amongst other things— contains an account of event* that occurred during the flight into Egypt. On the journey Joseph and Mary entered a cave. " Lo, sud denly, there came forth from the cave many dragons. . Then Jeiue went down from the boeom of Hjb mother and stood upon His feet, and tbe dragons adored Him and retired." " liotts and pantbera adoaed Him, and accom panied* them in the desert. Wherever Joseph and tbe blw?ed'Mary went they went before them, showing them the way, and bowing tneir beads; and abowiag their sobmusion by waggling their tails." On the thicd day ot tbe journey they came to a pilm tree hot and hungry. How could they get the fruit? The child Jesus said— " 0 tree, bend thy branches, and refresh My mother with thy fruit." It did so. I possess all the apocrypha, and some of them are positively blasphemous. I will not soilthe pages of The Advertiser by lengthy quotations, the child Jesus is represented as causing boys to wither away who interfered with His games. He emote His schoolmasters with death. People had to came to Joseph and Mary and say, " Take away that Jesus from this place, for He cannot live with us in this town; or at least teach Him to bless and not to curse." I am surprised that an intelligent gentleman like Mr. J. T. Price would place these apocrypha on a level witb the canonical Gospels. TO 188 EDITOB, Sir —I do cot wish to encroach upon your space, but will be glad if you will permit me to reply briefly to statement No. $ in " T. J. Price's" effusion in your issue cf 13th instant. Touching the apocryphal writings be asks triumphantly and " defiantly" by whsai, where, and when were these writings weighed in the balance and found wanting; This assumed boldness of front is a too transparently awkward dodge to escape an uncomfortable dilemma. But upon one or other of the horns of said dilemma poor Mr. Price is infallibly doomed to writhe in mortal pain. He can take his choice between the positions. Any statement made now that these spurious gospels were ever regarded in the Church as inspired and true, must arise from ignorance or malicious misrepresentation, and must be condemned as false and deceitful. Which horn, Mr. P., do you propose to Bettle down upon? They are all spurious, and all that we have are of more recent date than any of the canonical books. The series commenced in the second century, and continued for many centuries. They are of no historical or doc trinal authority, and were never officially re cognised in the Church. On many accounts they deserve nothing bat reproach, and it has been liberally heaped upon them in all ages. The works of Origen, yet extant, contain 5,765 quotations from the New Testament, including every book con tained therein, and excluding all of the so-called apocryphal books, about which infidels sometimes talk so freely. This whole sale exclusion on the part of so voluminous a writer as Origen needs no comment. Some of the apocryphal books in rare instances were referred to by the early Christian writers, but they were usually quoted only to be condemned, or to show that those who received the four Gospels did not overlook these other writings through ignorance, but were fully aware of the existence and character of the books which they for good and sufficient reasons declined to receive as authoritative. It is certain that soma of the wilder sects of heresy appear to have accepted one or two false gospels, but neither of these facts is opposed to our assertion. At the present day the Mormons receive the absurd book of Mormon as an inspired document, but it would be an insult to tell us that this volume is accepted by the Christian church. The case of the one or two false gospels which some heretics received is exactly parallel, because the heretics in question and their gospels were re pudiated by the church. Oar four Gospels nave always and alone been received aa in spired and authentic by the universal church of Christ. Ignorance is unreasonable and malice is inexcusable; and infidels, as a role, are, to say tie least, ignorant of the Bible, not having carefully read it, studied it, or investigated its history. Hence they believe absurd reports concerning its character and origin, and daspiee those who, after careful investigation, arrive at different conclusions. XO IBS EBIIOB. Sir—Will you allow line, without entering into the details of this discussion, to remind pay fellow-churchmen that however interest ing the issues with which it is concerned, those issues are not of vital importance to them, inasmuch as they have not the slightest diffi culty in answering the question (which Mr. Price "defies any one to answer correctly "), namely, "Who separated the genuine from the apocryphal parts of the Bible?" Their answer, of course, would be "The Church" did so. So enormous a majority of all the per- sons since the time of Christ who have pro- fessed Christianity have accepted the present canon that it is no practical exaggeration to say the verdict it unanimous in its favor. Church people believe that when Christ promised the presence of the Holy Ghost to lead His people into all truth, and promised that He, Himself, would be "with them alway, even unto the end of the world," He meant His words to be taken literally, and therefore the crucial question with them is not \- whether the testimony of this or that indi- vidual is conclusive, but whether the voice of Christendom is, in a whole, clear and emphatic. On this point there can be no reasonable doubt. The Bible as we now we it is the Bible that—after all allowances have been made for local differences in trans- lation, difficulties of text, &c;—in the main has been used as God's Word "always, everywhere, and by everyone." Such a conflict as is mow being waged in your columns is not unlikely to disturb the minds of come believers, for it is always possible to produce on either side of most religious questions some authorities that appear formidable to those who have not gone deeply into the literature of the subject. I think therefore we should remind, ourselves that those who make a practice of obeying our Lord's direction to " hear the church," are not vitally affected by the questions now under dis- cussion ; and that even if they were really com- pelled to accept the novel idea that the early saints and martyrs were in the main fools and hypocrites, still their faith is not built on the moral or intellectual qualities of the saints and martyrs. No doubt, as Mr. Price says, the question "on whose authority do we accept the selection of books forming the Bible?" is an all important one. But it is one that will not startle thoughtful churchmen, 