. : Fromtlie Curate to ttae Convent' CHAPTER XLIII. beiiievebs found to be no pools. , ! One member of: the family circle':at the' parson age there was who witnessed what was going on there with an anguish , which fnone. could compre hend bnt .that God into whose ear she poured continually the expression of , her grief and of her alarm. Marv Rumford. bv< God's Brace. still held fast her integrity, and, -the more she saw of the character of those innovations which Mr. Bayley ' was introducing into the churoh, the more highly did she value and the more prayerfully did she search the Scriptures which revealed God's plan in contrast with man's plan of bringing justific ation and peace to the sinner. She Baw that God's purpose in saving . fallen men wob to reveal Himself in the act to His intelligent creatures, and to prove that " every good and perfect gift " must come from Him, and be subject in its bestowal and in its refusal to His sovereign will — in fact, that all fallen man's necessities must be supplied by divine grace or not all, and that in the receipt and enjoyment of what is bestowed the eye of the creature must be fixed on the Divine Giver alone, and not on self or any other creaturo whatever; and this further she learned, that the effect of' God's salvation in Christ Jesus was to restore the suspended intercourse between God UL1U U1UU) UUU buurttlUrt) lilltJ ILIUUltJlJv ulIO SLIIUva believed or trusted in Jesus he saw by tbe teach ing of the Holy Ghost a way of access to God provided for him to the very throne of God, and he needed no creature whatever to introduce him there. Jesus, his only mediator, was there in his nature, to make all needful provision for his reception, and in His. name he came and was accepted. These simple truths Mary saw written aB with a sunbeam on every .page of Gad's Word, and she knew that if others could see them as she did there could bo no priestcraft, no popery, no imposing on woak, ignorant, and superstitious, people with pretensions indulgent of human pride and self- conceit, but utterly dishonourable to God, and subversive of His plan of redemption by grace. Time, it is said, brings round its rovenges, and if Marv waa capable of finding satisfaction in the disappointment of thoBe who despised her simple, faith, and looked with a kind of pity upon her and her evangelical friends because they clung to the old paths when the fashion was to recede further and further from the Reformation, she had ample grounds for it in the mortification and misery which her family circle presented. Her father, a confirmed invalid, was bowed down under the crushing intelligence that his son and daughter had been inveigled into the Church of Rome, and that the former had connected himself with the Order of Jesuits ; and lie folt, and felt acutely, and all the more that it was a too late conviction, that bis own easiness and indolence of disposition had contributed to this, that he had surrendered to others the authority for which God and man had made him responsible, and he was, therefore, indirectly the cause of the mischief that was bringing his grey heirs down with sorrow to the grave. Her mother, too, Beemed just awakenod as from a horrible dream. She had been, how ever, unconsciously an active agent in accomp lishing the ruin of her own and her children's peace, and she too seemed crushed under the blow. No wonder that she began to hate the things which once she loved and cherished ; but, however duo ullguv uu uloguoudu vtlllu jlllgu vuuiuu principles, that disgust could not atone for the misery which her ostentatious folly and entailed on herself and others within and beyond her own household. What a loving Christian girl could do Mary did to alleviate the distress of both parents. She now found a blessed uso for that simple Gospel' message which her own bouI prized above rubies. To each of them in turn she Bpoke of Jesus, and knelt with them in earnest prayer to God for His gracious interference, in their behalf, and she had tbe happineos of seeing that thoy felt increasingly interested in the message of redeeming love. To her dear father she'Bpoko as to a dying man, and he who had been commissioned by his fellow-men to minister in holy things found that he needed one to teach him which were the. first principles of the oracles of God. How touching .to see his own child leading him, as it were by the hand, to the Saviour, the young girl telling'to the agod minister wonderful things, of which ho had never hoard till now ! With her, mother Bhe had long con versations on the sad attempts made by the Romanists and Ritualists to lend to Christianity, by human device, an attractiveness which it was never intonded to have in carnal eyes, and which the! Saviour and His apostles in their studied simplicity evidently; repudiated. She showed her uuuiu tv uuu iuv uicoo, buu 1u TV ijf udou9 nuo uusptoou and rejected of men because of His meekness and - lowliness, to the enlightened eye to the true believer He is and shall ever be the altogether lovely." The deeply humbled mother listened to to the child still left to her, with. feelings very different to those by which she was influenced in the days of Mr. Bayley's power. Then of her daughters Florence held the first place, because their views corresponded. She had lived to sec that daughter estranged from her because of those views carried out to their legitimate consequences, and now . Mary's turn had oome, because , con sciousness of error and its .penalty had produced a , yearning for such consolations, as Maryls view of: God's love to helpleBS sinners alone oould supply. . From her brother Sackville ; Mary's righteous , soul felt entirely estranged;; OrT his. return from; j Oxford she had h6t. 'failed ,to disco vorr' the High ! Church biaswhieh...iiej. had;" 6ontrapj»d''iber$landr I with all the affection of a ChiHstian' wsterly: heart she had endeavoured t6, .8h6w, him. the more excellent way which .she herself had;f6und, not in man's writings or say ings.; but;, in the inspired Scriptures of truth. . Hejhqweyor," scorned her instructions and resented her. attempts, as he Baid, to impose. .her pimtiiniqalwieVs upon him. Sadly did she mark, his retrogressive .course, first under the tutorship of. Mr. Bayley, then in companion ship with Sir John Pottinger and his family, and, I finally, in alliance with PrioBt Ourwen and his confraternity ; and to her deed sorrow sho dis covered .that' tho lower he descended into the depths of, Popery the. more also his moral per-; ceptions forfeitod of truth and honostyj until,' in- what he called the interests of the Church, (of. Rome), he was ready to praotiso any deception, utter any falsehood, or commit any act of treachey or wrong. As ho at least utterly refused to hold any- conversation with her on religious subjects- she could only groan out her griefs and longings concerning him into the ear of Him who " alone can order tho unruly wills and affections of ainful men." 