BO NN IBEL. COUAP'TEr VI (CONTINUI:I). VmeSonc remembered that among theI articles of ancient finery in the attic, she had seen a piece of ribbon, just such a bit as Mise Erroll wanted. True, it had been used to loop a baby's sleeve, but round that slendcr throat it would reach most amply. "I--in-get- you a piece," she heard herself saying. Her voice sounded strange and discm bodied to herself, as though it did not issue from her own lips. She thought that she to whom she spoke must start up with horror for the chalnge. But no, she only smiled blandly, sweetly, with that faint suggestion of patronage which was is per ceptible, though not as palatable, as the dash of bitter in orange marmalade. "Thank you so much ! " rIo said. " I shall quite suit myself then." Virginia took a candle and went ulip into the attic, as ten ldays ago ehe had gone. Tho damp, dusty smell broughlt back to her that terrible memory as only a perfame can recall the past. Her veins throbbed ever hotter and fiercer. Her time was come. lIevengo was in her hands. What fever could be more virulent, more deadly, than the ever that dark-haired girl lhad set raging n her veins ? What was the verse that she had read only last night to Aunlt Tishy out of what the old negress called "de Holy Wud ?" An eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth. Joe Scott was not the only person she ihad ever Iheardi speak of such a thing. It had simply served to re call it to her mind. lHatI ha! She had never liked Joe Scott before, and she Ihad been rude about those johlnny-jump-ups. Poor Joe I She would thankl him the very best she know how whlon next she saw him. Poor Joe I good Joe I dear Joe I Yes, thero it was, the pretty bassinet cradle, with its faded blue and pink ribbons. That little English baby lhad died full four years ago. She walked toward it, shielding tlhe candle with one scooped hand from the playful assaults of the nighst wind. ''The cradle stood just in front of an old hair-covered chest. As she neared it, a consciousness of eyes regarding her came uipon her. Ah I there they were. A rat, paralysed for the moment by the sudden light, had paused on the edge of the old chest, and fixed her withl his little, protruding, evil-looking eyes. She made a spasmodic, terrified movement with her hand, and hlie leaped down, his sloeek, tight-skinnied body striking the floor with a repulsive sound as of unsavorily nurtured corpulence. The girl turned with a strong, uncontrollable fit of shivering toward the cradle. It was rock ing slowly back and forth in the uincertain light, its pink and blue ribbois Iluttering with a ghostly and ill-timed gaiety. A cry almost broke from betwcesn her gripped lips, bat she remembered suddenly that the rat must have set it in motion when io leaped from the top of the chest. Setting the candle no the floor beside her, she stooped over and began lifting out the little sheets aud blankets and bundles of linen and silk. One of tlhoso sudden noises whichi disturb sleep at night in an old house jarred through the room. She stulfed the things hastily back anud looked behind lher. Nothing there. But as her glance weit round the room she saw ibefore her black, assertive, monstrous, the likeness of a hugo cradle, cast by the eanudle against the whitewashied wall of the garrot. Her heart beat with laboring, heavy thuds. If it were not quite so black, she thought, or if it had only been more the size of the real cradle; but its vast presence in the low-roofed room seemed like the presence of some presiding fate. She tore away her look from it by sheer force of will, found what she wanted, caught up the candle, and rushed headlong .from the room. Miss Erroll received her with the same sweet smile. "Yon were pretty long," she said. " I'm afraid I've given you a lot of trouble." "No, none," said Virginia. She cleared her throat and repeated the words. They were indistinct at first, because of the dry ness of her tongue and the roof of her mouth. She watched with hot, moveless eyes the slim fingers of Miss Erroll as she first crimped the curling bit of velvet between her fingers, with a deft, almost imperceptible movement, and forced the teeth of her little buckle through it. " How damp it smells I " she said, as she lifted it to her throat to put it on. " Just as if it had been stuffed away in some old attic." Virginia's iknees smote together. She put out her hand to steady herself, and sank heavily into a chair. "'Tain't nuthin'-'t:in't nuthin'," she said, roughly, as Mary ran to her side. "I'm. better joss so. Dou' tech me, please. An' please ter 'scuse me. I kyarn' bear no one to tech me whelon--whlen I'm like this." Alas I alas l Virginia, when were you ever "like this" before, in the whole course of your seventeen years of strenUgth, and health, and placid, if bovine, contont moent? The dinner, thankus to Virginia, was a success. Roden's wines were excellent. They were going to ask Virginia to sing for them, loden said le thought it would please her so much. After dinner Mrs. Erroll sat down to the piano, and the swoeethearts wandered off into the "green house," leaving open the door between the rooms; A rhomboid of pale yellow light from the candles on the dinner-table fell into the narrow, flower-orowded corridor, touohing the great geranium leaves into a soft distinctuness, and showing here and there the flame-coloured and snow- white clumps of blossom. Rodon, out of sight of MIrs. Erroll, had straightway put an arm about the supple waist of hIis betrothed, and one of lher hIands had found its way to his short curls with a movement as of long habit. As the slant ing light from tlhe room beyond caught the. sheen of her delicate throat above its velvet ribbon, he bent his head and pressed down his lips upon it and upon the bit of velvet. Virginia by some strange coincidence or freak of fate was at this moment crossing the lawn to put tho mastiff pup into his lenldel. Attracted by the unusnual light in the greeoonhouse, she looked up. Looking up, she saw Roden as he stooped and kissed his sweetheart's throat. She gave a fierce broken cry like ani angered beast, aud turn ing, ran with all her might into the house. Poor Mrs.Erroll, slmmoning up musical ghosts from her maidenhood's rdportoiro on the old piano, thought that one of Rodon's horses had gone mad and galloped through the room. In the meantime Virginia, panting, word less, seizcd Mary with one strong hand, and with the other tore off the velvet from about hler neck. " I-I-I've read as how it was pizen; I jess remembered. Here's yo' buckle." She rushed madly out again, and flung herself upon the bare floor of her little bed >:.o.,: beat the hard boards with her hand, and draGs;ged at her loosened hair. CHAPTER VHI. eclos'ocn vii. There is One who hath said that to HIim belongeth vengeance. Whenu HIis creatures take into their incapable grasp the javelins of His wrath it is generally with as impotent and baleful a result as when young Phaeton, seeking to guide the chariot of the sun, brought to himself despair, and ecorcelhed to cinders the unoffending earth. ''Thius was it with Virginia. With the near ness of her unbridled love and anger she had forever seamed as if with fire the fair world of her content. It seemed to her that space itself world be too narrow to hold her apart from such women as were good and true. Just God I could it be that her sin was to he visited upon tile being whom of all tihe world sihe loved best, because of whom that sin had been committed ? Was hloden going to suffer, perlhaps to die, in the stead of the woman she had sought to slay ? He was not often at Caryston now; most of his days were spent with his betrothed. He had no time to wonder tlhat she did not sing now at her spinning as once she had sung. Hlie would not have paused to listen to her had she done so. Ho was called away again to the North on the last of May,. and on the day after his departure Aunt Tishly burst into Vir ginia's room with flour-covered hands. " Gord I Gord! honey !" she said, tossing hier blue-checked apron up and down with wild, savwgo gestures of dismay and grief, " what yuh think ?-M?arse Jack's sweet heart's disn got do rade fever, an' dey don' tihinlk as how sheo'll live." Virginia stood and stared at her with eyes which saw nothing. Her face took on a ghastly greenish pallor. About hler brow and mouth there stole a cold moisture. She opened her lips and seemed to speak. Her lips framed the same words stupidly over and over again. " Gord I honey I" cried tihe old negress, seizing her as she swayed backward as if about to fall, "is yuh gwine be sick ysbsef 2" Virginia pushed hler away, walked steadily over to an old oak cupboard, too!k out a jug of whlisky and drank from its green glass throat as shel had seen men do. The stinging liquid filled her veins with a hot, false strength. Slhe spolo quickly now in a harsh tone, seizing the old nurse by the shoulders, and thrusting her white face, with its lambont, distended eyes, close to that of the terrified Aunt Tishy. "When was she took ? Who tol' you? Are you lyin' ? Ef you're lyin' I'll curse you with such curses you won' be able to be still when you're dead. But you wouldn' lie tus me, would you, mammy? You woulde' lie to me to send me tsh lhell in th' spirit 'fo' I was called there fur good. Yo' hear me? Why didn' yo' tell me befo' ? Who's nursin' her ? iPut up my clo'es. I'm goin'-I'm goin' right now. God! Air yo' al-tryin' to hold me? Ha! Ia I That's good-that cert'n'y is good. I'll makel father larf at that when- when I come back. Why, you pore old thing, I could throw you outer that window of I tried. Well, don' cry. What a' you eryin' fur ? God ! God ! God I hlave mercy on me I" She fell upon her kinees, wringing her hands acd throwing buackward her agonised face, as though with hler up-looleing, strain ing eyes she would pierce tile very floor of heaven and hehold that mercy for which she pleaded. Thuen she leopt again to hler feet. All at once a calcmness fell upon her. She resumed the old dull listlessness of some days past as though it had been a garment. "I'm goin' to Mis' Erroll's," she said, quietly, "I wan' some clo'es. Send 'em; I ain't or-goin' tub wait. Tell father." Virginia, arrived at Windermere, went down the basemenoct-steps into the kitchen. Thie coo!k, a young mulnstto woman named Lorisda, camne forward to meet her on cautious, brown-yarn toes. " Miss Mary's a-dyiu'," she announced in a sepulchral whisper. "De doctor soh cz how she hyvarn' live nohow. She's jess ez raio oz a toemarker fum lhade tub foots. Au' sh's jess pintly 'stracted. Yuhl never healh sich scroeching' an' tuh-doing' in all yuh life." "Kin I seo vMis' Erroll ?" Virginia said shortly. Slhe sat down on an upturned Ihalf-barrel near the door, and leaned with her forehead in her locked palms. Lorinda, rebuffed but obliging, went to see. Virginia was not surprised when she returned shortly, followed by Mrs. Erroll herself. Her heart would never quickn its boeat again for any thing this side of torment, she thought. Poor, erring, repentant, suffering little savage, what are you enduring now if it be not torment ? Mrs. Erroll, nervous and hysterical, took the girl's Ihands in hers, and scarcely knowing what sheo did, bent forward and kissed iher cheek. Virginia started back with a harsh cry, which was born and died in her throat. " Poor child,"' Mrs. Erroll said, humbly. "I bog your pardon. Bat if you feared contagion you ought not to have come here." "'Tain't that-'taiu't that," said Vir ginia. " Don't mind me; I'm queer-liho sometimes. I didn' mean nuthin'. Ev'y bordy in this neighbourhood '11 toll yo' I'm a good nureao. I've come to ho'lsp yo'. I've come to take kyar of her. I've come to makeet her live !" She lifted one arm with a gesture of com maud almost threatening. The next moment it dropped heavily to her side. The old dull lookle crept lilke a shadow over the momentary animation of her feoce. " They'll tell yo' I'm a good nurse," she said, in hler slow monotone. Mrs. Erroll was only too thanekful for the proffered services. Sho had nio assistance from the whites in the neighbourhood; indeed, all thie neighbouring families had left for the Viirgiuia Spfriugs, Virginia, after removing her shoes, wont at once to the sick-room. As her eyes fell upon the flushed face on tihe pillow it was as if every drop of blood in her body turned first to fire and then to ice. She stood with her hands against her breast and looked down at her own work. The beautiful dark tresses, erstwhile so smoothly braided about the small head, now over turning from side to side as though in search of rest which it found not, were tangled and matted until no trace of their former lustre remained; the red lips, ever moving, gave forth wild, incoherent cries and mutterings. About the slender throat coiled the wraith of a dark blue velvet ribbon. "Take it off, take it off," whispered Virginia. " She kyarn' git well while that's there--she kyarn't. " Reason came back to her with.a sudden rush, and sheo knew that only her mind's eye saw the velvet ribbon. She theou tooki her place by the bedside, from which she did not move to eat or sleep for twelve days and nights. They brought her bouillon and made her drink it under penalty of being turned from the room. For twelve times four-and-twoenty hlours she listened to those soenseoless ravings. She was mistaken in turn by the sick girl for her mother, for some of her schlool-room friends, for Rodon. MIary would sometimes put up both narrow, fever-wasted hands to her little throat, mnd cry out that she was choking-thlat Virginiahad brought her a band of fire and locked it about her throat. By what strange coincidoece such a fancy should ihave pos sessed her, who shall say ? Thus they went together, those two, thlrough the Vailley of the Shadow-the all but murdered, thle almost murderess-and, she who lhad sought to slay brought back to life. Roden, detained by some business com plication in Now York, hleard nothing of his sweetheart's illness until teleographed for on the day of the crisis. It was juset tlhe balance of a mote in sunshine betweeon life and death. Lifo brought the mote that won. They told him hlie must thanlk Vir ginia. They hlad all thanked her and blessed her, with thanlks and blessings which burned her guilty soul with twice the fire of red-hot maledictions. That they should bless her whom God had cursed I Ah, God ! she prayed not. She would but know if God himself wept not because of the sad mockery. A wild thought came to her with heal ing in its wings, as whlen a blade of grass forces its way between the stones in a prisoner's cell. She had read of atone mout: might she not atone ? Perhaps God would let her buy forgiveness with her life. Why had she not taken the fever; or was this fever now which rioted through her veins ? She was wallking homeuward with her shoes slung across her shoulders. The grass felt cool and damp against the bare palms of her feet. Would it not wither where she trod? She looked backward over her shoulder with a laugh. It seemed to hler that her footprints would be set as with fire across that lush June field. Then camo a curse upon her eyes. For her the earthll lost all its summer green; the heavens above her bent not bluely down to meet tihe blue horizon. The birds ceased singing, aIud echloed her mirthless laugh; all nature took it up-a monstrous harmony of jovial sousds. At what were they making merry, thlese creatures large and small-the crickelts, the wild birds, and many voices of field and forest, of air and water P Was it at her they laughed ? Did they jeer at her because she had lost her soul ? Ah, for the cool green to look upon I Ah, that its blue would return to the lurid heavens l The curse of blood was upon her. Because of it she looked on all things as through a scarlet veil. Red was tilhe vault above her; red the fair-reaolhing line of well-loved hills; red, red, the whirling earth. Virginia did not die. A week after her recovery she sent and asoked if Boden would come to her father's room; she wished to speak with him. Ie weent most willingly, having never felt as though he had sufliciently thankled her for what she had done for one who was to him as the lifo in his veins. As he entered the room, in spite of all his self-control he could not restrain a slight start. Was this Virginia Herriek ? this snow maiden with eyes of fire, and tangled lhair that seemed to flamo about her white face as though it would consume it ? this fragile, wasted, piteous memory of a woman ? She was as poor a likeness of her former self as a skletch in white chalkl would be of one of Fortuny's sunlit glares of canvas. Hie came and stood beside her, wordless, and then put one of his strong brown hands kindly on her hair. " Wait," she said, drawing herself away from him-" wait." "Ah, Miss Virginia," Ihe said, in his breezy, gentle voice, "we will soon have you out of this. You won't know yourself in two weeks." " Wait," she said, her great eyes burning into hIis. " My poor little girl," hlie said, almost with tenderness, "I am afraid you have over-estimated your strengthl. You had better lot me go now. I will come to morrow whenever you send for me." " Wait," she said a fourth time in that strange, still voice. He had a horrified doubt in regard to her reason as he took the chair to whlich she pointed and sat down facing her. " Well," he said, with an assumption of gaiety which he was far from feeling, " what is it ? Am I to be scolded for any thing ?" "Do you believe in torment ?" said the girl. She kept heor hlollow; stirless eyes on his. There was an absence of movement about her almost oppressive. She seemed not oven to breathe. " My dear child," said Reden, nervously, "do choose a more cheerful subject. Really, you know it isn't good for you to be morbid now. Let's talk of something jolly and pleasant. Don't you want to hear how tho moakes are coming along? And Bonnibol, poor old girl I I'm afraid her feelings will be awfully lurt when I tell her you didn't ask after her." "I s'poso ov'ybody bloeves in torment that has felt it," said tohe girl. She had not moved in any wise., ler deep still eys yet rested on his face. She seemed drink inug his looks with hers. "I've sorter come ter think as hell's in th' hearts o' people," she went on. " There ain't no flames ez kin burn like them in people's hearts." Roden jumped to his feet, and went over beside her. "Virginia," he said, kindly but firmly, " I'm not going to let you talk like this, Good Heaven I thlose country quacks know as little about medicine as I do; not as much, by jove I for I'd not have let you leave your bed for a month yet. Come dear, let me persuade you. Go back to bed. I'll come and see you to-morrow in your room, if your father'll let me. You must, Virginia." "It ain't no worse, do you reckon," she went on, dully, "ter be in hell than ter have hell in you? I've thought er heap 'bout it. I've most answered it, but I'd rather-" " Hush I hush! " said Roden, impera tively. He thought her delirious, and started to the door to call her nurse. " Wait l" rang out her voice, with all its old, clear strength. She had risen to her feet. She was there before him. Tholight from the window behind her struck through her hair, so thalt she seemed standing be tween rows of living flame. "I want tul tell you," she said. "I didn't use ter think I was a coward, but I am-I am." She boat the palms of her hands together, and tossed balck her head as though seeking to be rid of the superflux of agony which tore her. " I kyarn' bear to soy it tul yo'; I kyarn' bear to hear yo' curse me, ez I have so often hearn yo' in my dreams. I kyarn' bear--0 God --I kyarn' bear fur yo' tuh know me ez I am. O God iO God ! this '!! wipe it out, won't it ? This 'll buy me peace ?" " V\irgiui:a! Virginia i" said Roden, beside bimself. He tried to force her again into her chair. " lAh I don't touch me I" she cried out "don't you touch me, ter hate me worse thanu over when you know--Listenu- liston hard, 'cause you ain't a-goin' to bleeve me when first yo' hear. Yo' come' here tubh thlank me fur savin' her life. Listen: 'twas me ez tried to kill her-'twas me! me I me I " The last word broke from her with a wild sob, almost vindictive in its urgent violence. She seemed like one who scourges mercilessly his own flesh for its sins against his soul. "I done it-I done it. I tried ter kill her. Listen I You've hearn o' fever bein' cyar'd in bits o' ribbon -in leetle bits o' velvet ribbon-one, two, ten, twenty years? There was a leetle baby died here oncet. It died o' th' fever she like to 'a died of. I gave her that piece o' velvet to w'ar round her pretty throat. I wenout up into th' attio, an' hunted an' hunted till I found it in th' baby's cradle. I give it to her. Itriedto killher. O0my God ! Do yo' want ter teouch me-now ? " .He stood and stared on Iher lille one dazed by a sudden blow, though not quite stunned. "You are crazy," he said, thickly. "Poor Virginia, you are crazy." " 0 God ! " she wailed. "I wisht I wuz -I wisht I wuz I Oh I ef I wu only like them dumb beasts in th' stables out that I Ef I wuz only Bonnibel, then-then-then yo' wouldn' hate me; an' of yo' did, I wouldn' know." "You are raving," he said again. "Ask her-ask her, if yo' don' bleeve me. Ask her 'f Faginia Herrick didn' bring her a leetle bit o' blue velvet to w'ar round her throat the night she was wet in th' rain. She said tihen it smelt damp like it had been in a attic. Ask her-ask her." " God in heaven I" said Roden between his teeth, "can you be tolling me the truth ?" " Hc lnows I am I--ie knows I am," she said wildly. lRodon turned from her, resting his hand on the back of the chair in which he had sat when he first entered the room. His head fell down upon his breast. The double horrorseemed liken palpable thingathis side. "D' yo' bleevo mo?" she said, with paunting eagerness. " Yes," he said. She would not have reocognised his voice had he spoken in the dark. She waited a few moments, motionless, frozen as it were with suspense and dread. Then she leaned forward, and holding fast her bosom with her crossed arms in the gesture usual with her, fixed hler dilating eyes upon him. Was it possible, could it be true, thiat after all he could not curse her ? Nay, dear God I was he even going to forgive her ? " Say somethis'," she said, in a?bated voice-"say somethiu'. Jess so you don' curse me, say somethin'." Still he spoke not. Slhe fell upon her knees and laid her head upon his feet. " O my God I my God I " she sobbed, " air you goiu' ter forgive me ? " Then he spoke to her. "Forgive you ? " heo repeated-"forgive you ? " He laughed a short, rough laugh. "By God I " heo said, turning away from her, so that her forehead rested on the bare floor instead of on his feet, " it's all I can do not to curse you I " When she rose again to her uknees she was alone in the darkening room. cHAPTEtR VIn. Roden did not return to Caryston that night, nor the next day, nor the day after that. A boy was sent from Windermere to bring over some of his boxes. On Monday of the next week he went with the Errolls to Old Point Comfort, where Mary had been ordered to stop during her conval. esconce. As much as he despised Virginia for her confession, that pathetio, joyous cry of hers as she thought him about to forgive her would sometimes ring in his ears; her deep, still, pleading look, as of some dumb beast for mercy, haunted him at times. He could feel her forehead on his feet, and the eager grasp of her Ihands upon them. It was not pleasant, all this; for while it annoyed and even pained him, he could not say honestly to himself that he felt any disposition to forgive her. Forgiveness is no doubt divine. Roden was quite sure that it was an attribute which, like happi ness, belonged solely to the gods. As for himself, he was distinctly, vehemently, entirely human. He did not forgive almost he did not wish to feel forgiveness. What I forgive a creature who had sought to murder his manhood's one love ? Verily, he would be no better than herself did he so much as dream of pardon. Between her aid her God must rest that question. He would none of it. And y?et why did that earnest, wistful voice, so thrilling with a timid exultation, come over to his mental ears: "O my God ! my God ! air you goin' ter forgive me ?" Pshaw I what bladerdashi! He had not cursed her. Let her comfort her self with that. Ie did not know many other men who would have been as forbearing. And yet again-thoso hands hbout his feet, that huddled form prone before him in humblest entreaty I It made him irritable at times. HLIe was conscious of uaving acted with per fect justness, and yet lie felt that his just ness had not been tempered with overmuch mercy. In the mean time Virginioa lived on, if one can be said to live whoso heart is dead within her. She did not dare to pray for death; she did not dare to hope for peace; she feared to die, poor ignorant child, bc cause of the roaring flame whichl waited to devour her. She feared even more to live, because of the fire with which she was al ready consumed. She never moved save to go to bed and get up again. Sometimes she would sit all day out- of-doors under the great horse chestuuts, already shrivelling in the June sunligl:t. . Nothing roused her; nothing mov-ed her in any wise. Poor old Hcrrick would recount to liher his drollest stories, ending with a vociferous " hyealh ! hyealih i" in hopes of eliciting some answer ing mir;h from her. But when he had reached the most excruciatingly funy climax, and paused to hear her laugh, she would turn on him liher vague, gentle eyes, ard say, " What's that, father? " or, some times, " Were you a-talkin' ter me, father dear? " The old man went heavily about his work. He was like some willing beast too late in life called upon to support a heavy burden. He was disgusted and angry'to feel the big tears on his cheeks. (To' be continued.) 