GHOST STORIES. THE GHOSTLY SIGNAL 'AND THE PHANTOM PLOUGHMAN. Two capital gliost Btorioa roach us from the other sido of tho Atlantic. Tho first ia Canadiuu, tho second cornea from. Ponnsyl- | ' . TKB Q2NESI3 OF THE OHOST. liast autumn thoro was an accidont on tho Canada Atlantic railway, near tho station at St. Sohblastiquo. A farmer nanied Brunet was -walking along tho track, at about 12 o’clock at night, when tho Ottawa oxproas camo along, struck liim, and throw Ida body 100ft. away, bo horribly mangling it that portions were found in tho branches of a clump of trees growing bosido tho track. There have been five different engineers of that train flinco then, tho last resigning only a few days ago. Tho reason given for tho resignations was that the clump of trees was haunted, and , that there were strange signals given there ; every night, which always stopped tho train and then disappeared. Tho engineer who < resigned last gives tho following reasons for j giving np his position:— 3 WHY THE IlL'i.IXBKR MS3IONBD. < It’s a ghost or something liko it, and it has boon‘tho cause of four-other engi- ‘ neers asking to bo tnmsfrrred. I J first saw tho ghost one night two weeks t ago. I had loft St. Scliolustique, and was £ whooping lior up, bocuuso I was a trillo late. c I had hardly got hor going, when I saw what j Boomed to ho a red btur fioaling in tho air, i perhaps a mile away, and ahead of mo. It r grew larger as I got nearer, and suddenly It ® struck mo that tho red star was a red lump, c Yet it was very high in tho air—too high, thought I, to bo a signal. I noticed also that t it apparently hovered over tho clump of trees. J As I got within 200 yards of tho trees tho red * globo seemed to jump across from tho trees 1 right over tho track. This all took placo in a ^ shorter whilo than it taken mo to tell it. I ^ was alortlod. Tho light was undoubtedly , that of a signal lamp, and hung directly in tho way of the train. I hadn’t , time to coll tho attention of my firemen j to it before I was on top of it. Brightened i and fearful' that there was something tho c matter with tho road, I whistled down t brakes, shut off steam, put on tho air brakes, 1 and stopped tho train. Everybody was 1 startled. Tho conductor ran forward and asked what was tho matter. I told him, and 1 wo started back to investigate. There was * notlung tho matter with tho road. There . wasn’t a houso within half n mile of tho ^ place, nor could any footprints be discovered ( I in tho snow to show that anybody had been ; in tho neighbourhood. Now, up to tlmtlimo , I had never heard of the ghost, but I noticed that the conductor, Goorgo Welles, was strangely agitated, and tho fireman looked scared. TUB FIERY QLOBE ONCE MORE. My noxt up trip was two nights later, and precisely tlio same phenomenon uppeaved. X was scared this timo. That it was super natural I hud no doubt, and despite an incli nation to bravo tho ghostly warning and keep tho train going, my hands turned off tho steam and put on tho uir brakes almost mechanically. Tho conductor camo forward as before. I explained oxactly tho same way, uud we went on after failing to discover any reason why a dungor signal should have been used at that particular point. My fireman tfion told mo that tho apparition, ghost, or whatever it was, hud been seen by four ■ others, who had all got other shifts. They couldn’t stand it. Neither could I—and hero 1 am, laid off". A. PHANTOM PLOUGHMAN. In the norih-western corner of Lower Morion township, Montgomery County, Pa., a great hubbub iias been raised by a phantom farmer who is nightly seen ploughing in a ! field. The apparition was first discovered ! about tho cud of March by a farm band who ; was returning Into from coursing. Emerg ing from a wooded pathway that skirted an old forest for miles, this rustic was startled to hear a sepulchral voice commanding a team to halt. He looked in vain about the placo for a moment or two, and was about moving on again when tho same sound fell on "his ear. A shiver crept over ! him us ho lieu id tho creaking of an unseen harness, and his lurror was far from being allayed by tho whinny of a horse almost directly before him. At that moment tho now moon stole over tho neighbouring tree tops, and in its misty light ho plainly saw . ; the phantom farmer. It was clearly out 1 lined against tho dark background, and its two hands held in a steady grasp tho pro jecting handles of a plough. Before it , marched a pair of spirited horses, dimly out I lined in tho misty light, their heads erect and their eyes flashing lire as they moved hastily along. Thu young man waited another moment to reassure himself, and was about to take to his heels when ploughman, horse, and plough suddenly vuubhed. Theu he, too, fled iu wild alarm. SEEN HY SEVEN MEN. j At Silas Brown's corner grocery on tho night succeeding this, tho young man, Albert Cooper by name, told this startling story. Thu crowd adjourned to tho alleged scene of the ghost’s operations to verify or disprove Cooper’s talo. They had not long to wait. Without the noises that hud warned Cooper tho night before, the phantom farmer ap peared before the eyes of the seven men who gut upon tho fenco, or, to bo more uccurato, who almost fell from it in terror. His long white hair and hoard streamed in tho passing wind. No hat was upon liis head, • nor could any portion of his face be soon except the glistening eyes. These shot out from a height . of more timu seven feet from tho ground, indicating tho spectral granger was tailor than tho average of human kind. About his body, which could not well be traced, there was a phosphorescent glow which dazzled tho eyes of tile terrified spectators and shone far ahead of tho steadily moving horses. Tho plough ho leaned on seemed of skeleton frame, but it tossed oil tho soft, moist earth as easily as a steamer turns the river waves. On ho came, tho horses seemed to oxlmlo lire, their ]\eads erect and arching, and footfalls as firm and clear ns any the" watchers over heard. At the corner oY tho field they turned obediently at a word from their spectral driver, and aim in passed before the affrighted spectators, who thereupon lied in hustta THE FIELD PLOUGHED BY THE GHOST. On tliu fnllmviuy mormim a crowd of rustics determined to go to tho fiuhl and seo whether any traco of tho farmer could ho ' found. As they camo in sight of tho on o’osnro ono of tho numhor exclaimed _ lu astonishment: “ .111 ho durued if tho tiling doesn’t plough, sum emm-fh.” Ho was riubt. One-half of the bold had been gone over, evidently hy no nnvico. Tho furrows well) not quite so broad as thoso niado hy an ' an ordinary ploughman, hut they were less 1 raoyed and mure deep, and were as straight as tile most experienced oyo could malm them, i A dav or two after the same group went out to view tho liohls attain, and this lime they ; found that tho phantom had finished tho wort;. Tho owner of tho held was ono of the number, mid ho ton!; a solemn oath that ho had not turned a sod in tho enclosure. t Tho Prince of Wales is said to speak French best of all tho ltoyalties of Europe. 