THE MERCURY. HOBART: WKVlfSSDAT, UTA 13, 1889 and, ( 1 , 7, ,£PITOICB oxi HEWS. Government UnA'aato sa February 27. I , .A.ÇourtpfBevislooolUstef.eieetorawiU beheld at Oatlands on the 21st instant I ' Aaaaeemeat Appeal Court, New sTerols, today/ ' ' . ' '? J 'f Hobart Horticultural Society's Bataaer Bhowthisiafternooo-. ', .-',,''11 Cascade Brewery Co's general meeting at noon to-day. 1 it , 1 ' ' Cake and apron fair. Union Sunday School, this afternoon and evening. " . Young Women's Christian Association. Bible reading at 3 o'clock this afternoon. Mission services at St Andrew's Church during week preceding Sunday, March 3. Drawing of pictures in Dobbie's art. union to-night, at Exchange rooms, 8.30. Monarch makes excursion to New Norfolk to-day. Taranna to Brown's River. Major Dane lectures at New Norfolk to-morrow night Harvest thanksgiving service at St. Thomas' Church, Tea Tree, to-morrow evening. ?". Mr. Justice Dodds takes assessment appeals this morning, beginning with those from Clarence district. Full programme of TMLR, Regatta in advertising column. Ten events, commencing at 10 a.m. Nominal return fare. ' ! ft annuaftweetlnjTof the Tasmanian Poultry Society will be Md M Monday next, start. J S a t "-At Moubray Pigeon Shooting yesterday in the £100 match A Coombes was first, W. Brown second, and T. Symmons third. Our Launceston correspondent I says a Liverpool syndicate has offered East Coast Harbour Coal-mining Company handsome sum for five-sixths of their property. The Cumberland Racing Club programme appears in another column. The date is now fixed for the 29th proximo ; the acceptance fees have been reduced, and the Maiden Plate altered to Trial Stakes. Victorian general elections take place on March 29 Robert F. Carolan, Sydney, solicitor, struck off the rolls for malpractice. Peter Lalor's funeral yesterday. Large attendance. Crowds also loving streets. The Ameer of Afghan is said to be in the field at the head of 5,000 troops. A railway accident in Prussia resulted in eight fatalities. Competition at London wool sales still well maintained. Allotment of the balance of the South Australian loan is still dragging. 1 Earthquake shocks have been experienced in Lancashire and Naples. Another attempt is being made to resuscitate the Panama Canal Co. A Collingwood Councillor was fined 20s. and costs yesterday for disorderly conduct at a council meeting. Action on the proposal to send an eight oared Australian crew to England deferred until next year. John Langdon, stockbroker, of Collins street, Melbourne, has filed his schedule. Deficiency, £4,302. Indian chiefs are again expressing their loyalty in offering to join in defence of the Empire. -Mr. Parnell, nothing daunted by his rebuff in Scotland, now bring action against The Times in the Irish Courts. ' : Twenty-four hours' rain has fallen at Cairns (Queensland) and the town is partly flooded. At meeting of Victorian Cricketers' Association last evening a notice of motion was (given for winding up the Association. -A new political constitution has been proclaimed in Japan, based on European model and precedent - The American Senate has voted a quarter million dollars for protection of national interests on the Panama isthmus. There was some heavy fighting in Burmah on Saturday last, between British soldiers and rebel Dacoits, in which the latter were driven from their entrenchments. , At Brisbane Mayoral election the two aldermen nominated received the same number of votes. The Chief Secretary is to cut the Gordian knot Fire broke out in mail bags during con- veyance by express train from Sydney to Melbourne. Contents of seven or eight bags of San Francisco mails damaged, including some letters for Tasmania, DURING the election campaign in New South Wales, one of the subjects which came up for discussion was the relations of the metropolis to the country districts It was asserted, as we have heard it asserted both here and in Victoria, that the metropolis drains the very life-blood from the country districts, and gives nothing in return. Some go a great deal further, asserting that the land, meaning the farmers and graziers, pay for all, and are really the people who bear the whole burden of the Government. Whether the aggregation of great bodies of people in cities is an evil or not, it would be a waste of time just now to inquire, since the plain fact is, that in all prosperous countries these aggregations exist, and they appear to be large in proportion to the prosperity of the country. It is many years ago since it was declared that London could not grow any bigger without ruin to the country, yet it continues to grow, whilst the great bulk of the people are better off than they were when the city was one-half or one quarter the size. We see the same thing going on in America, where large cities are growing at a rapid rate, and are the pride and boast of the people. In Victoria we find that Melbourne contains more than one-third of the whole of the people in the colony, who are admitted to be very well off indeed. Writers and speakers have deplored many times the tendency of population to the metropolis, but it is evident that this tendency is | the consequence of a natural law, which makes the people seek the places where they can live the best, according to their own ideas of living. The charge recently formulated in New South Wales was, that the country districts support the metropolis, a charge to which, we confess, we are unable to attach any distinct meaning For, if we inquire into the facts, a piece of work with which many persons who make positive assertions do not trouble themselves, we shall find that it would be quite as true to say that the metropolis supports the country districts From the ordinary point of view, the whole argument is on the side of the metropolis. For, it is the metropolis which buys the products of the country,' thus' enabling the farmers to live, by providing them with what they are always crying out for, namely, a market As a matter of fact, both may be said to serve each other, so that it is absurd to declare that the country supports the city, or the city the country There is no doubt that in nearly all the colonies there has been a tendency to lavish public money on the metropolis, as being the seat of government, and as the place which naturally attracts visitors, and, also, as the place which generally has the preponderating political influence. But, this is due to other causes than the alleged one that the city lives upon the country. It is due to the folly which causes fine buildings to be erected instead of sewers being formed, and which leads to the expenditure of of eaojwnu " gums in display, which should have been devoted to sanitary work at the very outset. A Melbourne's some respects, is a disgrace, as are nearly all the capitals of Australasia, but this is due to the inherent folly of- human nature, manifested as strongly in communities as in individuals, which caused the Government expenditure to be first on outward show, and upon essential works last. Amongst the farmers, at least amongst many of, them, there is a belief that the country districts produce the whole wealth of a community, and that the "towns consume it. We have heard some curious sermons preached upon this subject, which is a very favourite one at certainties, and the preachers, we notice, never seem to have the least doubt as to their facts. Yet, it may be easily shown that the towns, and especially the metropole, produce more wealth by a great deal than the country dis- trial; although the latter are fond of boasting that they are the sole wealth" producers. "'Let us' consider what b' going on in a large city. HoWdo the hundred of thousands of workmen that live:? HoWie the millions of capital invested in Melbourne or Sydney earned. sufficient rate of interest to stimulate enterprise ? Is it not by converting raw materials into manufactured materials ? For example, there are two woollen mills in Hobart and one in Launceston ; what are they doing ?' Are they not turning wool, worth only a few pence a pound, into cloth worth many shillings ? Are they not producing wealth, equally with the farmer who, grows wheat, or the sheep-owner' who produces wool ? Is not this the case with nearly all, the raw products which the farmer produces? Even his very wheat is ground intö^flourbyra mill in a town, as a general rule, and the flour is converted into many articles by which its value is increased a hundred fold or more. Take the familiar;illustration of a watch spring.: There saw iron ore, worth a few shillings a ton, is made into fine steel, worth: £100. a ton, and all by the labours of the dwellers in cities, who ... work with capital, invested because there is a settled population at hand to supply the required labour. In Kew, South Wales there are said to be some 3,500 manufactures, and in Victoria some 2000:; what do these do, and where ; are they situate ? Are not they all employed in adding immensely to the value of raw material, and are not by far the larger number in the towns ? What are the many foundries; doing but adding enormously to the value of raw material, by converting iron into quartz batteries, steam engines, boilers, and a thousand other things of great value? We need not," we suppose, - go ! on - enumerating the work done by the many manufactories hVthe'towns; all of which are adding enormously to the real wealth of the country, and even to the wealth of the farmers, for they are by this, means able to supply their wants, in the shape of clothes and luxuries,' very much cheaper than they could if they tried to make those things at home. ' No doubt, the farmer can be self contained if he chooses, but he does not choose. A man, as many a one has done, might live on a farm, enjoy the unbought food to which HORACE ! referá>and weave unbought clothes, ; if he could get his women-folk to spin and weave as women did ; of old ; but neither he nor they will do these things; and they are glad to come to the towns where, they are (supplied better and more cheaply than they could supply themselves. Thus, we see, instead of the towns being merely consumers, they are producers of wealth to an,', extent far beyond that of the country districts. AT the recent Traded and Labour Congress the news of the result of the first; batch of elections in New South Wales being, so decidedly in favour of fiscal policy of protection . gave the large number of representatives, who advocate protection an additional inducement to cry down anyone who. attempted to put forth a few facts in favour of" freetrade.'; Notwithstanding the fact; , which is, as clear as mathematical, demonstration' from the protectionist point of view, that the adoption of protection" ! by New South Wales must necessarily mean a loss to Victoria and some other, colonies, the zeal for the advocacy of a principle of selfishness was carried, to; the extreme of unselfishness in the desire to see a;, victory for protection won in New South Wales the stronghold, of the freedom of trade in. these colonies. This, in itself, would not have called for comment, particularly in view of the fact that it was well known that? before the elections finally closed "the returns in the avowedly free-trade ' constituencies ' of New South Wales, where the, elections, were put, off till j the class for, . party-., purposes, would alter, the state of things which prompted, the. protectionist rejoicing ; ; but the apparent success gave rise to an intern. perance (of zeal, which, manifested itself, in refusing to listen to.those;.representatives1 who favoured freetrade from a rationalised' viction ; after studying, such -. facts as were presented to. "them li. Mr. Davies, of New South Wales, was one of these heretics, and the treatment he received at the hands, or rather the mouths, of, his fellow work- men must convince all future representatives that they must bow to the opinion of the dominant ', party,, and,' like Galileo, recant their discoveries' however much they may be convinced; for his advocacy, of freetrade was most effectually silenced by a chorus of dis- sent and abuse,"". "[Yet his only desire was to show that there were at least some fact that protectionists had not yet, accounted for among which are the statistics relating to manufactories in Victoria and New South Wales respectively, which make it clear that industries will develop naturally from local necessities without the stimulus of protec- tion- 'when circumstances? are favourable to: their establishment. ,'. ; From a return recently .placed-uponthe, tailless. the House by the Premier of New South (Wales, it; is shown that the number of manufactories in the colonies of New w'South''Wales1 arid Victoria are as follows a 883': New South Wales, ; 326; Victoria, 2,705. ;,, 1884 : News ; South i Wales,,. 3,498 ; Victoria,' 2½841 1885 s New South' Wales, 3,612 Victoria, 283\. ! 1882 : -New South ! Wales' 3,694 ; Victoria, a;77Ó;' 'l9&l;% NewISout-h;Wales, 353 s' Victoria, 2,854.;[ ; !-' a son;" j ACCORDING to the Sydney - Telegraph!- such success as protection hat had at, the general election: in ^'.Ñew,;.¡South' Wales, Is Kdue in some degrees to other causes than the merits ; of the --policy itself; The! Telegraph states that the Catholics have voted 'for ! tie a Ministry" almost 'areas, ( Wpei! because it is supposed to be in favour of the CátttoUéview' of State education, off If had; not pledged itself to make a change in the, existing system Whether there is any truth in thisstatesné^.^wëïiSsi.npt, of course, in a position to say, but such things have been dssst to other colonies, and slmostin-AiUbly' with the opposite result to the one intended It 'has. generally been found that when' any religious body makes such a bargain' as the one' alleged, it, Wes all influence for Lang time. aite'rWartUi'arid1 ; defeats ' its' own him. Such bargains, : whether political or religious are very detrimental to the right conduct of public affairs, because important questions are not decided on their merits,. but for reasons which have nothing whatever, to do with the decision, which the electors are' asked to give. Writers on the development of politics in the' United States have gone ' rally a great deal to say on this subject. - we -'- '"?'' : j THE French papers which we have received are full of speculations 'on the. coming (at that date) election of a member for Paris, and the candidature of General Boulanger.' This election, they - say,' has ' brought out strongly all the; opinions which divide the, country, which is, watched with; ,tho'/keçneii. interest by all the politicians, It seems' that a religious question was thought to be likely to determine the success or defeat of General Boulanger, but we cannot gather from our telegraphic news what position he assumed in regard to it, and what is more, the result shows that he must have received the votes, of both sides, of those who held view is in favour of religion, and those bitterly opposed to all State religious teaching. The questions which General Boulanger was expected to be called on to answer were these :-" Are you in favour of religious teaching in primary State schools ?" "Are you in favour of Sisters of Charity being admitted to the hospitals?" How these questions were answered no do not know, but we can judge that whatever the answers were, they did not alienate many voters, for the outcome shows that extreme opposing parties were ready to unite to bring about a change. , WEST AÜSTRAMAVCABU.- The following telegram was received yesterday at the Telegraph Office from the cable station at Low Head caseine left Singapore Sunday morning, 10th inst., for Bangoew angle with West Australian cable. Captain Riddle in charge of expedition, and Mr. Herbert Taylor, of Clark, and Forde, engineers, for the Eastern Extension Telegraph Co." ¡ INTERRUPTION- ON NORTH-WEST TELE GRAPH LINKS. Till of following notices were posted up at the Telegraph Office yesterday :-'{Chudleigh line interrupted beyond Deloraine since 3 p.m. this day. " Torquay line interrupted beyond Latrobe since 3.5 p.m. this day." , OF INTEREST TO FtU7rr-anowi.RS.-As one of the outcomes of the deep interest now being taken in Tasmania on the subject, there has just been published in book form a letter addressed to Dr. Benjafield and all other fruit-growers in the country, by Mr. W. N. White, of Covent Garden, upon Cultivation of Australian Fruit for the London Market." Commencing his review of those fruits which may be advantageously placed upon the London market, the writer points out that apples a can only be transmitted in cool chambers if the trade is to be made a profitable" one. The shipping of apples as ordinary cargo resulted in the past in portions of the shipment arriving in good condition, some indifferent, and some rotten. To assure success he also urges the necessity for selecting a line of boats maintaining an uniform temperature, which should in no case exceed 45deg. nor fall below 35deg. Fruit should not be chilled, as this has the effect when it is discharged in a temperature of 80deg. to 90deg. of causing it to fret, turn black and decay within a short time of its being unpacked. He recommends paper packing and light packing, but does not favour the numbering system adopted last year by the Tasmanian Fruitgrowers Union, which he considers is not so suitable as branding the cases with the title of the fruit contained. Of the sorts and descriptions he gives preference to the instone -pippin (which at times realise the fine figure of 30s. to So. ' per case), and Cox's orange pippin! Only the primest of Sturmer Pippins and French Crabs should be sent, and this re- mark applies to many other sorts. The Duchess Glou Morceau and Vicar of Wakefield will find most favour, among pears. He does not think plums will pay, there being no demand for this kind of fruit- at the time of year when they arrive. In shipping crapes great care requires to be observed in selecting the packing.' He is satisfied that both white and black would' command a ready sale and at high figures in February, March, April, and May. He suggests the Use of coarse packing, and refers to the excellent results achieved by the grape shippers of Almeria and Malaga by the use of cork dust The colonial grapes, he says, are far superior to these, and could, if properly transmitted,, realise from 1s. to 2s. per lb. wholesale. The writer also refers to the possibilities of meeting the 'London market with potato and tomato shipments. The book, we have no doubt, will be largely read by those directly-in- terested. It is without doubt a most valuable collection of suggestions from a thorough master of the subject. "ILLUSTRATED LONDON' NEWS The West Australian number of the Illustrated London News opens with a portrait of Lord Charles Beresford speaking in the House of Commons on the state of the navy. Sketches at the opening of the Victoria Hall, Ealing, and the boxing performances at Her Majesty's Theatre are given, and a comic series entitled " The Ghost Genii" is very amusing. There are some nice illustrations of coach- ing days and coaching ways, Professor Frederick's > performing cats and dogs, fancying, and dog painting. Besides these there are several other illustrations of more or less met it, and the usual amount of good reading matter. " MARVELLOUS MELBOURNE, TWENTY YEARS HENCE." This is the title of a series of sketches published in the Kew Mercury, and now appearing in pamphlet form. The writer has had for his object the directing of attention to the possible evils which may result if the present inadequate system of drainage in force in the London of the Southern Hemisphere " is not replaced by something more efficient. He sketches the silting of Hobson's Bay, and destruction of the port, the visiting of Melbourne by a plague and fire, outrivallingtliat of London in 1665 and 1666, and the subsequent installation of Geelong as the capital of Victoria. The sketches are vividly written, but it is to be hoped that they may never be realised, despite the author's conviction that they will i p , LARGE P¿.RMAM-.ST I PupTouiui-ns. Messrs. J. Walch and Sons announce the receipt of a splendid series of some of the largest and finest photographs yet published, comprising a number of the characteristic views of English and Scottish scenery. The photographs, which, measure 21 by 18in., are painted by an absolutely unfading process, and have been produced by Her Majesty's photographers in Scotland. The series is now on view in Messrs Walch and Sons show room, Wellington Bridge DOMIIL'S ART UNION-The night at 8.30, the drawing will take place for the gallery-. of pictures which for some time past has attracted much admiring attention at the Exchange Rooms, Collins to get. There are just a few tickets still available for 'early applicants during the day. CROWN LANDS SALES An advertisement appears elsewhere that a number of lots in the tovviisliips of Remine (Trial . Harbour), Strahan, and Zeehan will be offered at auction on the 27th inst. by Mr. G. S. Crouch, at his mart,! Collins-street, also several lots in the vicinity of Strahan, King River, and Mount Owen, and country lands in the pin suit of Hartington. / It" is I also announced that a large number of lots will be offered for- rental. .' H J'' . MOUNT NICHOLAS COAL MINERS. The dispute, recently arising between coal mine s at Mount Nicholas and the tributers who employs them,' and which matter has during tuetlast,day oarswomen brought under the notice of members of the Trades and Labour Congress now in Hobart will, in all probability, be at once amicably settled. Representatives of the miners interviewed Mr.' J. G. Davies, manager of the company, yesterday, and agreed in writing' to appoint him as mediator between themselves and their employer f agreeing ( furthermore to abide by any decision he might arrive at as to the best method of amicably settling matters at present in dispute _ ' , i,"HOBART HpvnccLTtraaL ' SOCIETY-The summer show of this society will be opened ot3'p~.m. to-day at the Exhibition-building (by Sir Lambert Dobson', vice-patron of the society. From. the number of entries received the show bids fair, to be an excellent one. _ The"oompetitioa.for Mr. H. W. , Bayley's prize,, for best arranged dinner ,table,will'be one of army most interesting , features of the "show, in, chissels Lady Dobson and Mrs, De Graves have kindly consented to give the awards. During the evening the 'Garrison, 'Band w'iftijglve a concert! new motto, which, combined with' the-group of well arranged flowers and fruit, will prove-a''»arong attraction to those desiring a realty pleasing'evening'«enjoy- ment. ' j RARA^AVW.-Mr.1 William Hissey, the well-known, taxidermist, has stuffed and mounted for Mr. Horace Watson's collection a specimen of the White Wren, recently I found at North-West 1 Bay by Mr. John Worsley.. It is of value as being a/very rare bird. ; i s i j i CUMBERLAND RABBIT DISTRICT. '-I The annual meeting of landholders to elect a rabbit board for the district of Cumberland takes place in the Council- chambers, Bothwell, to-day at 1 o'clock. CAMJADE BREWER. An ordinary general meeting of the shareholder in the Cascade Brewery Co will be held at their office, Collins-street, at noon to day. The business will consist of receiving and considering the half-yearly x statement 'of accounts- and balance-sheets and the report of the directors thereon ; the declaration of a dividend to elect a director in the place of Mr H. J. James, resigned ; also auditors for the cure 'Tent year, and to deal with any" other matters that may require attention. / MinerAL. His Worship the Mayor, in response to a requisition, convenes a public meeting at the Town Hall this evening to hear candidates for municipal elections express their views. IHK ASSESSMENT AFRAId -At the close of yesterday's sitting of the Supreme Court, Mr. Justice Dodds intimated that he would take the appeals against the new Go\ cry- ment assessment at 10 o'clock this morning. To suit public convenience he proposes to take the cases in alphabetical- order and also in the order of their district, thus; taking the appeals from Clarence first-line Glenorchy, then New Town and l Queenborough, and then the City of Hobart. This method will give appellants a means of knowing approximately when their cases are likely to come on. T A sitting of the Supreme Court, presided over by Mr. Justice Adams, will be held at New Norfolk this morning at 10 o'clock for the purpose of hearing appeals against the assessments for the New Norfolk district. I CITY POLICE COURT. Before the Police Magistrate and Mr. H. Cook, J.P., Horny Anson, for indecent behaviour was fined 20s. 6d. and costs, in. default, one, month. In the case of Johnson to. Mercy, for maintenance, the information was withdrawn, defendant's wife having agreed, to take charge of the child, to which arrangement complainant assented. James Road, for being drunk whilst in charge of a cab, was ordered to pay 20s. and costs, or one month's imprisonment. Russell Young was charged with a breach of the Codlin Moth Act. He did not appear, and Wm. Maura proved personal service of summons. H. Hall, inspector for fruit district of Hobart, explained that it was necessary, that the acreage returns, which' defendant, was charged with neglecting to send in, should be furnished, as they had to be laid Wore the Audit Department. He was therefore instructed to take proceedings against de- faulters, there being about 150 returns yet to come in. Defendant was one of the number that had neglected to furnish such return. C. F. Creswell, chairman of the Hobart Fruit Board, gave corroborative evidence, and a penalty of 5s. and costs was imposed, the Bench pointing out that the Act required that such returns should be made, and it must be complied with. John Watchorn, for a like offence, was mulcted in a similar penalty, as although he had sent in it was i not until after the summons had been issued. A. J. Lumsden and Gee. Fleming, each pleaded guilty to similar charges preferred against them, and a fine of 5s. was imposed, costs remitted. A. Scott was charged with neglecting to destroy certain fruit in his orchard infected with the codlin moth. H. Hall stated that he visited defendant's orchard on two occasions, and on inspection found buried apples containing grubs which defendant had professed to destroy with hot water, but in which the grubs were still alive. The apples had no appearance of having been in hot water, as experiments showed that when such was the case they immediately changed colour, and such change of colour was not noticeable in the apples complained of. Cross-examined : He' was speaking of the hotel near Adelaide-street, which he visited of January 29. There - was ' no' indication of any of the apples having been immersed in boiling water. S. W. Gould, assistant inspector gave corroborative evidence. For the defence, Emma Scott wife, and Eliza Scott daughter of defendant, gave evidence as to the immersion of the apples in boiling water, and that all precautions were taken to absolutely destroy the grebe The Bench were of opinion that the fruit had not been immersed so as to really destroy I the grub, but as defendant had done something' towards carrying out the regulations, they would only impose the nominal penalty of 5s. and costs. MAYOR'S PICWJ.-At the invitation of His Worship the Mayor, the delegates from the various colonies represented at the Intercolonial Trades and Labour Congress, together with a number of friends, were conveyed by the s.s., Cygnet, which had been chartered for the occasion, to Denne's Point. The steamer left the wharf at 12 o'clock, and as the weather was pleasant, with a cool S E. breeze blowing, the trip down the river proved extremely enjoyable, the excursionists expressing themselves highly gratified with the picturesque and varied scenery abounding on both sides of the liver. Upon arrival at Denne's Point the party landed and enjoyed themselves in various ways, some playing at quoits, rounders, and other games, while others tried their luck with fair success at fishing. Luncheon bell rang about 2 o'clock, and the excursionists, with appetites sharpened by the bracing air, sat down to an ample spread, their wants being attended to by an active staff of waitresses. The fun was resumed after luncheon with unflagging energy and interest, and the time passed merrily until 5 o'clock, when the steamer's bell rang for the return ' home. Before an living at the wharf a vote of thanks to the Mayor for his kindness was proposed by Mr. Barrett, one of the Victorian delegates, and carried with hearty cheers. The Mayor expressed himself pleased that they had enjoyed themselves, and hoped to see the delegates at Hobart again at no very distant date. The wharf was reached about 7 o'clock, an enjoyable afternoon's outing having been spent by all. PRESENTATION CONVENT BALL A ball, in aid of the Building Fund of the Presenta- tion Convent schools, took place in the Town Hall last night. The night was fine, and though not altogether favourable from a dancer's point of view, owing to the heat, nevertheless the attendance was very large, and all present appeared to "enjoy themselves thoroughly. The stairway leading up to the ballroom was.piofusery done rated with flags and ferns, which did duty as a cool retreat between the dances. The hall itself was not wanting in decorations, all the windows being artistically draped with flags, the Union Jack of course, predominating. The platform |w its crowded with ferns and flowers of various sorts, lending quite a pretty appearance to the room, and serving as a natural screen, at the side of which was stationed Dcntith's and Cane's string band discoursing the latest waltzes and other, music, peculiar, to ball rooms in a first class style. The sapper and light'iefi'ealimentsr,not the least important, part of the proceedings, had been entrusted to Mr. C. D. Hoggins,, and right royally did he discharge his trust, the tables being, tastefully laid out, and everything done to ensure the comfort of his patrons. In fact, the "whole' arrangements were so complete as to render complaint impossible, and to Mesdames P. O Fysh, Crop, Pillinger, W. H. Burgess, W T. H. Brown, G. P. Fitzgerald, MuglistonrCrtiwtiierr Counsel, C. C. Kingston, Balfe, and Misses Hall, Walsh (hon. treasurer), and Duffy (hon, secretary), who formed the Ladies' Committee, are due more than a word of praise for the manner in which they performed the duties pertaining ' thereto. Amongst those present were Sir Lambert and Lady' Dobson, His Worship the Mayor and Mrs. and Miss Crisp, besides other prominent citizens. Apologies ft 6in Lady Hamilton,' Hon. P.' O. Fysh, and many others inter- ested in the movement, who were' unable, to attend; were received. ' The one reference to the ball in yesterday's issue Lady Dobson's name was 'inadvertently'' printed as Lady Dodds. Dancing,- commenced soda after 9 o'clock/ and was kept up until an early hour this homing, all present expressing themselves as 'highly satisfied! with the arrangements made for their pleasure. The following was the programhieperforrhed : Quadrille, Liíihtno/JLmdm; Frantz '2 Lena;." polka,, " Secret message ;',' walla, "Moths and lancers, j They, all; love; Jack;", polka mazurka,,",Blue sea a.". waits,, "Saionaray schottische,," MoUiavian.;"" waltz, Dorothy ;' polka,." Excelsior ", (composed by Mr F. C. Cane)V quadrille,' "Vanity- 'fat';" 'watta, Isobel; 'I polka m*zurk*,'"Levantine;" lancers,." BxtraVagaata awaits,' a? Almond blossom;" schottische,' "-Btbette-;" wo-MsiJ "TeUberl love-her to;" -polka, "'Wide, Awake I? waite, " PaadoiW^pdka,' Mandarin ;". and galop,-' "Old «fcnes'ooach. " j - 0»Driu4ow»Hir. - The members of the Southern Star Lodge met at their lodge room, Collins-street last evening for the purpose of electing ióflsstrt'for the- asking half- ysar.'/nTberr^watva'huge attendance, and thefofowinonwadwra(Were elected i Bro, T. BWipp/N.G. ; Bro, J, ücMi'irtrie¿ V.O. -'Bros ¡tfSur&sJ;*,1 elective" secretary ; Past Grand BrorVerrell, auditor ; Past J P. G.M.'0: Forsyth; financial secretary, race Past PGM. J. Match resigned, he having held the position,of,,financial,aecretgu-y for 22 years. Much regret was expressed at his resignation, he having filled the omeo in a faithful manner.. > i i A . > ; , ' ' UNION, SUNDAY SCHOOLS-The cake', and apron fair, Which was postponed from the 29th ult., will positively open in the Union Sunday' school, Bathurst-street, at 3 o'clock this afternoon. The pole will he kept open during the evening, and vocal and instrumental selections will be introduced to enliven the proceedings. > i ST. ANDREW'S CIIOHAL ASSOCIATION.-A notice appears, stating that the concert which was to have been given tomorrow evening has been postponed until the following Thursday. The usual practice, however, takes place to-morrow at 7.30 p.m. À New Nottyouc-Major Dane's oration, which was announced for to-night. at New Norfolk, is to be given to-morrow (Thursday) night instead. THEATRE ROYAL The repetition of the Silver King last evening, as might be anticipated, when the sterling merits of the presentation are considered, drew a very large house, standing room in some parts being hardly obtainable.- It is doubtful if Mr. Ireland, veteran though he is, has ever appeared to greater advantage than he does in the title role, and his portrayal of the bitter agony of. the wanderer, who believes himself to be branded as was Cain, is power fully realistic. None the less clever is the splendid manner in which, when assuming the character of Deaf Dickey, all former individuality is entirely sunk. It is difficult always where an actress, as does Miss Blanche Lewis, gives to her part such careful study and powerful delineation, to say in which character one would prefer to see her. Hero, as in all former instances, when playing the character of Nellie Denver, the woman who yet clings to the idol of her affection, though [ it lies shattered and abused at her feet, she is simply perfect. Those who have only I witnessed Mr. George Leitch's drolleries in the character of Tom Dossiter in Harbour Lights can scarcely realise that the decrepit but faithful Jacks of the present piece can be at the hands of the name performer. Poor old Parkes, his dog-like fidelity to the wife and children left in his charge his self-sacrifices and petty deceptions to cover those sacrifices from being discovered by those in whose behalf they are made, serve to bring out the better parts of our nature, especially when endued with the pathos Mr. Leitch imparts. Good as he undoubtedly is in any part, he fairly surpasses himself in this case. Miss Deorwyn, as Olive Skinner, makes the most of a some what small part, and this remark applies to Miss Ella Clairbourne as Busy. The scenery throughout is excellent, the setting of that depicting Geoffrey Ware's chambers, in which the murder takes place, being very good. The change from the outside of the inn to the room in which'Denver has asked to be conducted also deserved praise, but the most artistic setting in the novel in the snow, in which Nellie Denver and her children, together with old Parkes, have taken refuge, and where they are found by Denver on his return. This well merited the token of approval awarded by the audience. As to-night is the last performance but one of the silver King, there will doubtless be again a large attendance to witness what must be characterised as the chief of the three great successes achieved by Messrs. MacMahon during their present season. On Friday If in Natural Life will be revived in response to many requests. SORELL RACKS. Mr. Robert Grant, hon. secretary, writes-I find in forwarding list of nominations for our Sorell races, that I omitted the name of Helene from the Sorell Plate and Flying Handicap." ', - TAMAR REGATTA. Special arrangements have been made on Main Line Railway for the Tamar Regatta, which is to be held on Wednesday next. On Tuesday and Wednesday return tickets will be issued at single fares, available for return until 25th inst. On regatta day the train usually leaving Launceston at 4 p.m. and 8.30 p.m. will be detained till 6.45 and 10.30 p.m. ' MARINE EXCURSIONS The ss. Monarch will leave the Brooke-street Pier at 9 o'clock this morning on an excursion up the river as far as New Norfolk. She will leave there on the return journey at 4 o'clock in the afternoon, thus affording her passengers an opportunity of visiting the Salmon Ponds and Hop Gardens, and other places of interest, all well worth seeing at this time of the year. Under the auspices of the Wesleyan Church, New Town, the s.s. Taranna will make a fishing trip to Brown's River, leaving Hobart this afternoon promptly at 2 o'clock. The merits of either of these trips are too well known to need comment. REV. J. G. MILLARD.-At the recent Wesleyan Conference in Melbourne a resolution conveying well deserved appreciation was unanimously carried in connection with the retirement of the Rev. J. G. Millard from the active duties of the Wesleyan ministry, in which he has been engaged for 43 years. The resolution set forth that in consenting to his retirement from the duties and responsibilities of itinerary into the coinparativcprivaoy of supernumerary life the conference places on record its high estimate of services rendered to the Church during a long and honourable career. It records that his ability as a preacher of the gospel has given him deserved popularity and great success in his various circuits ; his talents and fidelity to the entire system of Methodism have won for him the confidence of his brethren, and placed him in the highest position which they could assign, and his presidential year is remembered by them with pleasure and satisfaction. After the good work tendered to the connexion in each of the colonies, the conference assures the reverend gentleman that in his retirement he will enjoy their- continued respect and affection. Mr. Millard at the beginning of April next will be succeeded as chairman of the Hobart District and as superintendent of the Melville-street Circuit by the Rev. S. J. Withington, of Victoria. SIR HENRY PARKES.-The marriage of Sir Henry Parkes, ex-Premier of New South Wales, is creating some sensation in Sydney, the whole affair having been kept a profound secret until the ceremony was over. It is said that the lady's maiden name was Dickson, and that she is some forty years Sir Henry's junior. The Star says-The couple were married by the Rev. Mr Boyce at St. Paul's Church of England, Redfern, and the clergyman at once left for the country, it is thought with a view of assisting to keep the matter quiet. The silence cannot be accounted for. After the. marriage Sir Henry Parkes left for the country alone, to address electors on behalf of one of his supporters. Sir Henry was born in 1815, and consequently is 73 years of age." The Melbourne Telegraph has worked up an editorial on the subject, in which it says After six months of widowhood, Sir Henry Parkes, at the age of 73, has taken to himself a second wife. The telegram naively tells us that he was privately married by the incumbent of St. Paul's Church, Redfern, on Thursday morning." There is nothing,-'perhaps,1 very surprising in a hale said hearty and leisurely man who has passed the grand climacteric ' incurring matrimony again. But Sir Henry is neither here, nor hearty, nor leisurely, i, Ten years ago he retired from public life as he told his con- stituents in a farewell address, owing to the premature infirmities of age. But there are some men who never grow, old, or who, if they do, undergo periods of rejuvenescence, suffering as it were , , , i . ,.,, A sea lungs Into something new and strange So it has been with Sir Henry. Aftcr.sueuk brig from namely lied, iii an oratorical phrase of the late Mr. Dalley, ' as h '"voice from the ceiiletci'y," he emerged 'with a dazzling rush once more into the' Premier- ship. ' He had renewed the energy of his youth, and in the intervals of his leisure, snatched from attendance on -the' sick' finances of the State and the dying couch of, a sick spouse, he amused himself by writing magazine articles and epistolary communications with Lord Tennyson. Age was quite unable to wither, or custom to state his infinite variety. There is little wonder that .«oumerctuiul genius as this should have found the days of widowhood hang heavily upon him. And it is equally natural that so, gay a" young spark, in his impatience for his new bridal, should have been unable to tarry for the Bagging months which conventional prudery would, inter- pose between the 'funeral-baked i meats', was the ensuing joy-bells." ¡ ' ', 