NOTES AND COMMENTS. Among many sad incidents of the' general election, the fate of Mr. John Roseby s outlined in peculiar sorrowfulness. The treachery of man is as muoh proved by his case as is the vanity of human hopes, and beyond all' sentimental considerations there protrudes the fact that he lost his " forty !" And his fate becomes the more lamentable upon the reflection that he ought to have walked in che easiest of winners. He was a Protectionist, and, therefore, according to our " bloody shirt " contemporaries, he got the vote of every Roman Catholic in the distriot, besides the votes of the Protectionists themselves. Yet he only obtained .90 votes altogether. Being a Good Templar, he was entitled to the Support of all his brethren of the cold- water persuasion, and as an Orangeman of proved zeal and consistency the " ICiama Ghost" vote should have been polled for him to the last man. Yet, we repeat, he only got AG votes altogether. Really it must occur to Mr. Rosebt that this world does but little to reward a man for being good. What on earth is the use of attending Orange lodges night after n<ght if the Irethreu won't go solid at electioneering times ? And where is the political advantage of being solid on louq option if the brethren use cold water only 'O throw it on a brother's candidature? Really we tbink Mr. Rose by ought to sue the lodges for his irrevocably departed "forty." He, no doubt relied on the organisations to save his deposit, if not to win the seat, and then they basely de serted him. We do not give this as a legal opinion, but we think if Mr. Roseby does make the organisations defendants in an action for money paid to their use, the plaintiff would deserve to get something. It has of late beeu frequent matter of much 'doubt whether Sir Henry Parkes is proprietor of quite as much sagacity as he claimB to possess. The way he has been sold over these elections wonld seem to show that he has just a little more to learn before he can be thought to know everything. When the dissolution came, the ex-Premier found that he needed complete reBt; he wasn't quite sure how the elections . were going, so he lay low and let others do the fighting. But when the Sydneya declared for the im porters, and when St. Leonards accepted Mr. Honmby Burns, he loaded for bear, and started' on the warpath. He thought then that his estimate of a Foreign-trade majority of 20 wonld be realised, and he wanted to lead that party. Now, he must have discovered that he has made a mis take of the largest size. The sectarian "doggie'' has not breakfasted on the Protection "froggie," and he, like the "little beastie" Grimalkin, seems to stand a first-rate chance of being left out of politics to an extent distressing in the extreme to any man of surpassing vanity. If Sir Henry had known that the Foreign- trade phalanx in country districts had been so hopelessly shattered he would have let those Palmerstons of the Opposition, Messrs. F. Smith, M'Millan, Haynes, and Wise, do the leading, while he . took a carefully selected back-seat, — by order of the doctors, don't-you-know. There may be defects in the Railway Act, and an amending bill in the near future may become necessary, but if such a bill should he introduced we trust it will uot contain any provision for decreasing the authority of the commissioners in regard to the general management of the railways. Ministerial control proved such a gigantic failure that the public can hardly desire to witness its resumption, either wholly or in part. In consequence of that control, about twice as many men received appointments in the railway department' as were required for the work to be performed, and the public revenue suffered in consequence. Not only so, but the result of the polioy of creating such an army of Government employees has been to obstruct progres sive legislation. Immediately on his arrival in the colony Mr. Eddy recognised the Btate of affairB, and after returning from his trips along the principal lines of railway he decided to largely reduce the number of officers and men in the service. Ever since he has been acting on his decision, and by the middle of the year he will probably have got rid of nearly every superfluous hand. In performing thi3 im portant duty Mr. Eddy may rely upon hav ing our heartiest Bupport. If it be true that the majority of the railway men are Foreign-traders, those of them who have been dismissed will be under no appre hension in regard to earning a living, for it is one of the doctrines of their school that, under the Free-trade system, when one avenue of employment is closed, another almost immediately opens ; and, therefore, if the doctrine he sound, they will soon obtain remunerative work. We fear, however, that the dismissed men will discover that the doctrine embodies an enormcus lie. But whether it does or not, Mr. Eddy's policy is conceived in the interests of the whole body of tax-payers, and, therefore, it should meet with general approval. Away at Nambucca on Thursday Sir Henry Parkes - gave the audience who had assembled to bear him on political matters his definition of what, in his opinion, constitutes a gentleman. " The true gentleman," said the speaker, " was a man of such gentle disposition that he felt for another, and never treated those beneath him in station in any other than a considerate manner. The up start treated those beneath him with contempt." Now, accepting that definition as correct, in what light are we to regard Sir Henry Parhes himself? Unless the public are greatly mistaken, he ens never Bhown much consideration to those beneath him, and he hasa reputation fcr arrogance, which is certainly not an' attribute of a gentleman, greater than that of any other man in the public life of i he country. Most of the spectators of the proceedings in the last Legislative Assembly know bow he was in the habit of treating Messrs. Abisail and . Inglis, We confess, indeed, that those political parasites were, deserving of con tempt; but if Sir Henry Parkes had lived up to his own ideal of a gentleman ho would have acted towards them as if he believed they were on an equality with himself. In thinking over Sir Henry Pabkes' remarks, people who know him will not forget the language which he used towards Mr. F, B. Suttor on a public platform in Bathurst, a couple of years ago, nor the innumerable vulgarities that he has uttered since that time, and it will occur to them that on the subject of gentle manly deportment Sir Henry should pre serve thecompleteBt silence. Weare willing to admit that he possesses considerable ability, although not nearly so much as his admirers believe he has, but of the qualities that constitute what in England is called a gentleman, we fear he is sadly deficient. If he had trusted mainly to hiq gentlemanly attributes for success in public life he would have been kicked into oblivion a quarter of a century ago. As if (be New South Wales bar did not look a big enough guy when its members had 'em all on in' the well-known style, the Q C. part of it on Monday last came out in full-bottom judges' wigs,.whioh con verted even the manliest of them into weak and feeble caricatures of the very old women of this our native land. Visi tors to the Supreme Court don't usually take a gun with them, so they need not be surprised if they see some queer things; but the QC aforesaid muBt have knocked, even the habitues a bit on Monday. Of couire, (bo wig is " imported, you know." and "eo English," and therefore worthy of all reverence that Australians C8t& muster but ' we hesitatingly hope that there won't be any reverence for this kind of frill in tho near here-- after. It was occasionally thonght that Mr, Walker showed an iconoclastic Bpirit when he moved for the abolition of all the funny garments which court rulos now require a barrister to affect, but his was a healthy kind of Nihilism deserving of every support. Six long centuries ago, in a little island ruled by Plantagonet brigands, there was a reason for the use of' these uncomely appendages borrowed from the tail of the common or garden equine, but that reason is so long since deoeased' that few persons, even among tho devil's- own, can tell what it was. Yet through all those ages, right down to the present, barristers have been compelled to wear these wigs, which are hot, ugly, inaon- veuient, and — what is worse froth- a ' Scotchman's point, of view — " verra ex pensive." Yet we call ourselves a pro gressive people The Daily Telegraph is still carrying on its congenial, though dastardly, work of promoting sectarian strife and of libelling the National party. In an article in to day's issue it alleges as one of the reasons why a number of Roman Catholics have voted for Protection that Messrs. Slat- tep.y, O'Mara, Toohby, O'Sullivan, and their "best friend" are the leading lights 1 of the National party. We venture to say that reputable citizens of all creeds, whether political or religious, will agree that ruffianism in journal ism cannot go much beyond this. This characteristic bit of infamy is backed up by the following libel The Protectionist is perhaps as strongly attached to the national system of educa tion as the Free-trader, but he i3 willing to surrender this since he has per suaded himself that he can never hope to win in the struggle without the sec tarian help so good-naturedly proffered to him," That is a libel which only a man. without a vestige of principle could utter, and it is so notoriously untrue that to reply to it is entirely unnecessary. It would ap pear that the persons who oonduct the edi torial department of the Daily Telegraph have taken the infamous Titus Oates for - their model, and are desirous of surpass ing his achievements. At any rate, Mr - Oates is the historical character whom they most closely resemble. He invenced a Popish plot in the 17th century, and they have invented a similar plot in the '39th century. There are other poiats of resemblance which the student will easily discover. We mentioned a day or two ago that a leading member of che edi torial staff of the Telegraph hid severed his connection with the paper because of his disgust at the conduut of the managers iu raising the. sectarian howl- And we are inlciincd that several of the principal proprietors of tie journal, have also no S3 u.pai hy with t heproueediugs. Al we can tuy is iliat if they nad they should be shunned by all decent men. The original Thus Oates had some disagree able experiences after his villainy had been discovered, and we should not be surprised if equally disagreeable experi ences happened to his Sydney imitators. What is the reason that Mr. Dibbs to so deeply detested by the amiable twins who are responsible for the editorial eulruuuB of the Daily Telegraph? Not so very long ago he and his wife were received as honored guests at the home of one of the . interesting pair, and the visits used to be - duly announced in the sooiety reports published 'in the journal. There is a saying that a woman is at. the bottom of every kind of mischief, and it would be interesting to know if a woman is at the bottom of the violent antipathy which is entertained by the Telegraph to Mr. Dibbs. We shouldn't wonder if Buch were the case. On this subject, however, the Premier cannot be pumped, but we are in a posi tion to say that the ferooious attacks of the Telegraph people on him causes him the greatest amusement. He regards them much in tho Bame manner that Mr. Gulliver regarded the onslaughts of the Lilliputians on hiB person. The twins should really let Mr. Dibbs alone, for one of these days he may lose his temper, and if he should do so his tormentors will probably experienco a very bad time. 