[?] 'By' Ascott R. HorK, in ' Boya' Own Paper.' Author of 'A; Strange Trip Abroad,' '-Bobby * 'Bounce,' Ac.^io. ' ' WHEN il was a young fellow getting on to the end of my teens, I wept ? down \ into an ont-of-thc way part of Devonshire to Bpend Christ mas with our grandmother, who then usually had ^gathering of the rising generation to,' brighten up her quiet-country hoiue. I don't laiow whether the good lady or her guests more heartily oiijoyebV those annual festivities. :?? I; .. u ?' ' :'- A merry party we were, boys and girls for the moat fart, with only one or two elder folks to tons down our boisterous spirits;. and. a fine racket it was that wo made in the dark rambling old house, which years ago had resounded to tho laughter of our fathers and mothers, aunts and uncles, and now for a few winter days seemed to bafilltd with strange echoes from the past. For once in a way, the dear old grainy let us do pretty much as we liked, watching all our jollity with a quiet smile that had a touch of sadness in it; for if she could remember the days whoa slio was young and sprightly, she 'knew that for us, too, there must come a time when our thoughtless heads would have cares and gray hairs, and sober or bitter memories of our own to look back on. In her long life, she had known good reason to be thoughtful as well as' thankful; but at Christmas time tha gravity of experience was put awav in the background ; .ind she showed herself 'first and foremost in promoting the time-honoured revelries of the season. But my tale has. nothing to do with holly or mistletoe or snapdragon or the like. One night we were all sitting, round the lire, discussing, not ghosts or any other such seasonable terror, but the more practical and prosaic subject of housebreakers. A farmhouse not far off h-.d lately been the scene of a bold burglary, a thing almost unheard of in that part of the world, which, therefore, caused a great sensatbn, not to say a panic, among the neighbours. Grand mother laughingly declared that she was not afraid with such a handful of strapping young sters to guard her premises; and we professed ourselves quite ready to give a good . ac-. count of any burglars who should be illad vised enough to disturb us. I, for ono, was boastful enough' to express a wish that some rash robber might make the attempt, so as to give us a chance of showing how we could deal with him. Then due of the cousins began to throw doubts on my valour — 'Little Ben,' as we called him — I -being Big Ben, you must know. He was bigger than me a good bit, but then, though he had outgrown me, I was his elder by a year or two, ana the nicknames which had been given to distinguish us in childhood, still stuck to us all the closer that they had long ceased to be appropriate, when now indeed I was not above being jealous of my namesake's pre cocious size. 'You!' quoth Little Ben, with cousinly blnntness, 'if you heard a burglar* anywhere within a mile of you, you would lock the door and hide your head beneath the blankets.' - ' Speak for yourself;': I retorted, in the same spirit of chaff. ' I dare say the first thing you would think of doing would be to creep under the bed.' 'Let us hear. What would you do, Big Ben ?' cried one of the others. 'I don't quite know, but I hope I should try * toiriake a fight for it, somehow orother. I have heard that burglars are always cowards.' -' Well, we shall see what sort of a fight you make when the burglar comes,1' laughed Little Ben ; and then our cousin Fred interfered to put an end to the discussion. He was the oldest of the cdusinliood, an undoubted mau, with whiskers and horses oi his enn, and a farm and a gun license — engaged to be married, too— to whom, therefore, we all looked up with due re spect for such advantages. 'You needn't waste your breaih in talking about burglars,' was his opinion. 'Gentry of that-kind are not such fools as to comtj near a house like this, full of boys and dogs.' , '-. ' Boys would be some good, then ! ' cried one of the youngest of us, hinting at certain snubs with which the senior was apt to be rather free. 'Yes — to give the alarm, said' Fred, with an air of serene superiority, and began to talk about something else. Now, Iwos just of' the a'e to feel sensitive about being treated as a boy, and; after my cousin Ben s taunts, I would willingly have found an occasion to prove my courage and pre- ' sence of mind. I had a curious presentiment, moreover, that such a chance might come to me before 16nJf. While all the rest of the party seemed to dis miss the matter as a joke, I went to bed with burglar ott the brain. — Sostrongly did I feel impressed by the need of watchfulness that I took my four-footed friend Trip into the room, and set him to sleep under my bed, looking, of course, to make sure that no bur glarious ruffian was concealed there, as is well known to be the objectionable custom of such characters. 'Trip was nothing loth — one of the most .affectionate and stupid dogs I . ever saw, a podgy mongrel terrier belonging to my cousin Joe, who had just emi grated to Australia; and as I Blept in Joe's room, this bereaved Trip had adopted me for his master, followed me about everywhere, and seemed all at once.as fond of mo as of Joe him self. I really believe he did not know the differ ence after the first day or two. 'You will back me up against the burglar, won't -you, old fellow?' said I, patting Trip's sliappy back; and he replied with a growl of ?fidelity before coiling himself up for the night. When I had tucked myself snug in the blankets I set to considering, calmly and comfortably, how one ought to deal with a burglar in case of his turning up, and I mentally sketched out a plan of operations which appeared to me so well conceived that I quite longed to be able to put it in execution — not, indeed, precisely desiring that my grandmother's house should be bruken into, but if it were, I coveted for myself the honour of withstanding the first brunt of tho assault. This was likely enough to come about, for I slept in a room on the ground floor, its window opening to the garden, and protected by nothing more than a broken catch— a fnct which would not escape the notice of any robber who understood hia business. :. . Let him come now, as soon as he pleased ? I was ready for him — that is so long as lie fell properly into my plan, and did not fail to come alone like the considerate criminal I was reckon ing on. To be sure, when I came to reflect that I had not provided for the posuiblo contingency of two burglars assailing me at once, I felt rather uneasy ; but before I had quite settled tho diffi culty I found my felonious fancies growing some what vague, and, in short, fell fast asleep within ten minutes of laying my head on the pillow. But almost immediately I was roused by a weight resting upon my body and a warm breath in my face. I started up in alarm, to find it was no robber at my throat, but only Trip. That undisciplined dog, unaccustomed to the luxury of a bedroom, was determined to make the best of the opportunity ; and, after trying various parts of tho floor, had ended by mounting the bed, and mode up his mind to sleep on the top of me. . Two or three times I turned him off, but always lie perseve'rved in treatingtheso repulses as a kind of. rough fjame, with which he must- have thought me willing to diversify the quiet hours of night. At last I had to give in and lot him have his way, for tho sake of peace, since I was to cold to pet up and turn him out ; -besides,' the burglar might come any moment ! Thus disturbed, my slumbers were now broken and light, and I had not been in bed more than an hour or bo, when I waa effectually awoke by a loud snarl from Trip. What! did I hear the door creaking on ita hinges! I turned mv head, to Bee it stealthily and slowly opened. t *I*hen, ? to my amazement, who entered the room but the very villain I had been imagining ! There could be no doubt this time. A tall figure appeared, his face hidden by a black mask, carrying a, lantern in one hand and in the other a large horse-pistol of the good old- fashioned type, familiar to me chiefly from shop-window pictures of pirates and smugglers, at one penny plain and twopence coloured. Treading gingerly on the carpet, this midnight intruder approached my bedside. I raised my head, and he halted, pointing the pistol full in my face as ho ex claimed hoarsely, ' Your money or your life !' I will not say I was quite at my ease and if I did, you would not believe it, but you arc not to suppose me overcome* by alarm. Though for a moment I might shut my eyes before tho flash of the lantern — not the ruffian's threatening muzzlo— I retained my. presence of mind, and perfectly ? remembered how I ? had propound to jneetthis very emergency. Mv heart may have beat fast, as I rat up in bed, tho burglar and I staring at each other, but I believe my voice showed no [trace of hgitation, as, with a well feigned scornful laugh, I replied : 'Why, there isn't any cap on your pistol !' I had cnloulflted on. this .trick to take tho tiirgliu-'e eye off ma for an instant, and not in' ?vaip, , Involuntarily ho looked to his weapon. Ju tbap UMtaufc I caught up my pillow, and ih»ric*diit-in-h!SifivcP;.*:-Thcn1!Bpriiigiiip to my ectlike a tiger in a nightshirt, I whirled the ong ''.bolster through tho air, and before, the fellow bad recovered from ; his confusion, T deatt; him a blow that sent him stagsvring half way across tho room. To tell tho truth ho had fallen into my BChe-nn** admirably, sooming for his own part by no means at homo at deods of violent*, which confinuod my courago. Was it not well said that burglars were alwavs cowards* . ' Tako. that, you scoundrel V' I ejaculated, leaping.. down to follow up his discomfiture, aud with-, one uuiru mighty swoon at hia legs, brought him sjirawliiig on tho floor. Then I jumped upon him crying out to Trip, till that thick-headed cur, who had hitherto been use lessly growling and yelping in tho background; tooWhis' cur to dart into tho combat, and now pinned mv enemy by the leg, while I knelt upon his chest,* smotlifring him with tho pillow, and shoutim: at the pitch of my voice — ? 'Kofibers! .Fred! Ted! Jack! Bill! Ben! Thieves ! burglars ! Here ! help ! Come quick !' The buntfar struggled violently, and tried to coll out. but I held him fast, and kept him gagged with the pillow. His lamp had gone out. and we were struggling in the dark, not to speak of the cold. But I never heeded tho cold ; 1 was nil in a glow with the pride of my achieve ment, and determined to' hold him till help came. Then they should all see what a desperate fellow I could snow mvself in the hour of need. '?Robbers! 1-lurglars ! ? Here !' I continued to shout, devoutly hoping th.it there were no more of them to come to the aid of their fallen comrade before reinforcements arrived for me. Help was not long in coming to relieve me. Xot more than half a minute could have passed before three or four of my young cousins rushed into the room, all dressed and ready, each one with a lighted candle in his hand. Flushed with the triumph of my exploit, I was too much excited to wonder a this promptitude. ' I've got him fast. Catch hold of his arms ! Bring a rope! Let us shut him up in the cellar till the police come.' ??????? But to my surprise and indignation, instead of assisting me, the first thing they did was to burst, into a fit of hearty laughter. And when they did interfere, so far from. helping me to. secure my prisoner, they dragged mo off him, and sent Trip howling away with a kick. ' Don't let him get loose ! ' I cried, at which ' they laughed all the more, and only stopped laughing when, on releasing the victim of my valour, he was found to be half choked and senseless from the fierce embrace with which I had grasped him, not to speak of the hurt he had got from that dog's teeth while ho lay helpless on the ground, unable even to cry out. ' It isn't a burglar, you idiot ! It's Little Ben !;'?, . - ?, .???'*??' And eo it was, as I saw when his mask was pulled off to give him air — no other but my mis chievous cousin, who had been acting the part of burglar to play a trick on me, and hod-met with a rougher reception than he bargained for. 'How waa I to know!' I protested, my heart now sinking with concern, as it had swelled with pride. I feared I might, have done my cousin some serious injury. By this time all tho house was in an uproar. Grandmother had come out in her dressing-gown; the other visitors were on foot ; the servants were screaming in the attics ; all the dogs were bark ing loudly. outside ; and soniobody began with might and main to ring . the alarm bell, which before long would rouse the village close at hand. Since the real cause of the tumult was in no state to answer for himself, I stood abashed like a criminal, to bear alone the blame of having awoke the whole neighbourhood at such an untimely hour. ' What on earth is all this row about ?'. It was Cousin Fred who here appeared upon the scene, arid when he got to know what had hajipened, addressed himself to calm tho con fusion. Indiscriminately scolding us as a sot of senseless boys for disturbing grandmother with our folly, ho hurried off to reassure her and to send the servant to bed, then nm back to attend to Little Ben, who, being set up and having all my jug of cold water poured over his head by zealous hands, soon came to himself, and turned out to be not so much the worse after all. He and his confederates presently slunk off to their rooms, feeling rather ashamed of the way that prank of theirs had passed off, and the proper peace of midnight was once more restored to the scared and shivering household. Next morning there was of course a good deal of laughing at us all, especially at us two Bens ; but clearly I had the best of the joke, and my big cousin Little Ben could not but be aware that the vigorous handling he had met with served him only right. 'Lucky for him to have come off so lightly, was the general verdict. I do not think he was ever so foolish as to play the burglar again ; and I am glad to say I never in my life had occasion to test my courage in a second such midnight encounter. So this is all my tale, and I wish the reader a Happy Christinas, free from the fear of robbers, the teasing of cousins, the nightmares of indi gestion, and every drawback to the joys of the season. 