TALE Claude Damien's Million. Queen's Gate looked a little askance at Mr. Ponsonby Walker, though he occupied one of the biggest houses there and dispensed lavish hospitality. He was a tall, stout, red-faced elderly man, with a familiar manner and a jovial laugh, addicted to spotless white waist- coats, loud-patterned trousers, and patent leather boots. He was very hearty and genial with every one, and had the reputation of be- ing able and willing to make fortunes in the city for any of his friends who chose to seek his advice and assistance. But, though his wife wore diamonds and he kept up a con- siderable establishment, there was a vague feeling of distrust regarding his alleged wealth. Business men shook their heads at the mention of his name, and hinted that, though he described himself as a financier, he dealt with other people's money rather than his own, and was chiefly engaged in the mysterious occupation of promoting public companies. These rumours, however, did not prevent the Ponsonby Walkers from having a large circle of friends and acquaintances, who as- sisted at their social functions and returned their hospitality by similar entertainments. In fact, the Ponsonby Walkers were rather fashionable people, and it was, perhaps, envy as much as anything else which, caused some of their neighbours to speak disparagingly of them. The prevailing impression among honest, unsophisticated folk was that Mr. Ponsonby Walker was a personage in the city of scarcely less importance and standing than a Rothschild or a Baring, and no one was more deeply imbued with this idea than young Claude Damien. But three-and-twenty is a credulous age, and a passionate admiration for a man's daughter is apt to shed a kind of golden halo around the young lady's parents Claude Damien would never have thought of suspecting Mrs. Ponsonby Walker of being dull and commonplace, nor did he ever doubt that Mr. Ponsonby Walker was a merchant prince of almost untold wealth. Under these circumstances it is not surprising that the young gentleman felt serious misgivings on the subject of his attachment to Mr. Ponsonby Walker's only daughter Miriam, for he guessed instinctively that the financier would sternly discourage his pretensions. But Miriam Walker was an impulsive, warm-hearted girl, and having lured Claude Damien to his fate by receiving his attentions with marked favour, she scoffed at his idea that his poverty was an insurmountable bar to their union. She fervently vowed that, whatever her father's decision might be, she would always regard Claude as her affianced husband, and prevailed upon the young man to demand the parental consent and benedic- tion. She succeeded in almost persuading him that Ponsonby Walker belonged to the benevolent order of fathers who are disposed to overlook such trifling drawbacks as ab- sence of income and expectations in a daughter's suitor. Claude Damien conld not quite bring himself to regard Ponsonby Walker in that amiable and fatuous light, but, rendered desparate by the state of his affec- tions, he screwed up his courage and called upon Miriam's father one day at his office in the city. 'What can I do for you, Mr. Damien?' in- quired the financier, in a patronizing, conde- scending tone, as Claude entered with his heart thumping against his ribs like a bat- tering-ram. 'You do not recognize me, sir,' said Claude nervously observing that Mr. Ponsonby Walker read his name from his card with a hesitation which showed that it was un- familiar. 'I had the pleasure to be intro- duced to you once at the house of a mutual friend, Major Stanhope.' 'Ah! to be sure. You're a son of the late General Damien. I remember perfectly,' said Mr. Ponsonby Walker encouragingly. 'Can I have a few minutes private con- versation with you, sir!' murmured the young man. 'Well, I am very much overwhelmed with business just now. I have an important meet- ing of the board of the Grand el Dorado Dia- mond Mining Company at 3 o'clock,' said Mr. Ponsonby Walker, with importance. 'We are proceeding to allotment, Mr. Damien,' he added significantly. 'Oh, indeed!' observed Claude. 'Yes; a splendid property, Mr. Damien; a splendid property,' said Ponsonby Walker, rubbing his hands. As a friend of Major Stanhope, I advise you to apply at once for some shares——' 'No—no, thank you,' interposed Claude, with an ominous sinking at his heart. 'The fact is, I have called to ask your permission to become engaged to your daughter Miriam.' 'To my daughter Miriam—to Miss Pon- sonby Walker!' exclaimed the financier, star- ing at the young man with undisguised amazement. 'Have you spoken to her on the subject?' 'Yes; last night, at Mrs. Anstruther's ball,' said Claude eagerly. 'Really this is very serious,' said Mr Pon- sonby Walker solemnly. 'I have heard nothing of it. Will you have the goodness, Mr. Damien, to state your position and pros- pects?' Poor Claude Damien realized with painful force, the utter hopelessness—not to say te- merity—of his mission, as he proceeded, in faltering accents, to describe his unfortunate circumstances; and it is hardly surprising that the brief statement caused Mr. Ponsonby Walker to grow crimson with indignation. 'Do you mean to tell me, Mr. Damien, that you have no means, no occupation, and no expectation whatever?' exclaimed the financier, falling back in his chair, and gaz- ing at him with contemptuous amazement; 'no relatives, even, or friends to whom you can look for assistance!' 'I have an uncle—my poor mother's brother—living in America. I have heard that he is rich and a bachelor,' said Claude, from sheer desparation. 'Well! and what is his name? and what will he do for you ?' inquired Ponsonby Walker, a little more encouragingly. 'His name is William Barnes. He emi- grated many years ago, and I believe he lives at Princess Town, Kansas county. But I have no right to expect that he will do any- thing for me;' added poor Claude blushing hotly. 'Indeed he has never answered the letter which I wrote to him some months ago, when my father died.' 'Upon my word, this is absolutely pre- posterous!' exclaimed Mr. Ponsonby Walker, bounding from his chair and glar- ing at his unfortunate visitor from the centre of the hearth-rug. 'Do you seriously sup- pose for an instant, Mr. Damien, that I can consent to your engaging yourself to—ahem! —Miss Ponsonby Walker?' 'I love your daughter, sir, very deeply and am doing my best to seek employment. I hoped, perhaps, that you might consent con- ditionally upon my——' 'Pshaw! Mr. Damien, you are wasting my time and your own,' interposed Mr. Pon- sonby Walker, with an angry gesture. 'Un- derstand, please, once for all, that I forbid you to speak to my daughter again. Your conduct, sir, is impertinent—nothing less than impertinent. In fact, I—I—Mr. Damien, oblige me by leaving the room this instant.' Mr. Ponsonby Walker was purple in the face with furious indignation, and he even made a step toward Claude, as though he meditated violence. The young man had sense enough to perceive that to attempt to prolong the interview would probably lead to a regretful scene and he, therefore, prudently withdrew, feeling more deeply humiliated and crestfallen than he had ever done in his life. The truth was that Claude Damien was thoroughly ashamed of himself, for he was an honest lad, and he painfully realized that he had acted the part of an impudent adventurer. It was, no doubt, the height of presumption on his part, considering that he was absolutely penniless and friendless, to aspire to marry the daughter of a rich man. To do him jus- tice nothing had been further from his mind than to profit by the circumstances of the girl he loved being a heiress. He was just at that romantic age when to make a fortune seems only a question of giving the mind to it, and he had vaguely determined that he would set to work with that laudable object without a moment's delay. Mr. Ponsonby Walker's indignation had, however, opened his eyes to the unpleasant fact that his conduct was worse than thoughtless, and he was so remorseful and contrite that he immediately wrote a heartbroken and penitent letter to Miriam Walker, releasing her from her engagement. But Miss Ponsonby Walker was evidently a young lady of considerable spirit and force of character, for she absolutely refused to give up her lover, and declared that she was ready to wait for him for a thousand years. She hinted that she did not despair of over- coming her father's opposition, and peremp- torily commanded Claude to meet her at the house of a mutual friend to which they had both been invited. The young man had neither the strength of mind nor, indeed, the inclination to resist the opportunity of renew- ing his protestation of ardent devotion, and the consequence was that, much against his conscience, Claude Damien continued to carry on his clandestine courtship. In extenuation of these imprudent young people it may be urged that Mrs. Ponsonby Walker was hardly less to blame than they, for Miriam's mother, who was a stout lady of an easy-going, phlegmatic disposition, must either have been intentionally blind or extremely stupid. At all events, she never interfered, though Claude Damien contrived to obtain invitations to several entertainments to which the Ponsonby Walkers were bidden, and, as the financier rarely accompanied his wife and daughter into society, the young man found no obstacle to his love-making. Meanwhile, Claude made strenuous efforts to obtain employment, but unfortunately without success. His friends were chiefly retired half-pay brother officers of his late father, who had no influence whatever in the commercial world, and the lad possessed no accomplishments or resources of any kind which he could turn to account. Luckily for himself his temperament was sanguine, and he found Miriam's sweet encouragement a sufficient antidote against the demoralizing influences of perpetual disappointment. In this manner a month or six weeks passed, and the only result of this lapse of time was that Claude Damien became more infatuated than ever. He was even beginning to feel a little depressed in moments of solitude, when one day he was startled by receiving a formidable looking letter, addressed in an unknown hand and bearing an American stamp. The sight of it caused the young man an anxious thrill of expectation, for he immediately concluded that it was a reply from his maternal uncle, to whom he had written many months pre- viously. When, with trembling hand, he broke the seal, the following communication met his astonished gaze : 537, BLOCK A, PRINCESS TOWN, KANSAS COUNTY. SIR: I beg to acquaint you that, by the will of your late uncle, William Barnes of this city (copy of which I inclose), you are. entitled, as residuary legatee, to the whole of his property and effects, estimated at about $5,000,000. . The testator died on the 21st of last month. Awaiting the honour of your instructions, I am, sir, yours obediently, SILAS G. BLOTTING, Barrister, etc. To Claude Damien. The young man fairly gasped for breath as he read this amazing intelligence, and for several minutes he stared blankly at the letter, unable to realize that he was actually a mil- lionaire. But as he grew calmer, and pro- ceeded to read the will of his deceased relative he grasped the situation sufficently to jump into a cab and drive straight to the office of Ponsonby Walker. Miriam's father received him with very scant courtesy, but when he announced his good fortune and produced the letter of Silas Blotting and the copy of his uncle's will, the financier's manner changed completely. 'My dear Damien,' exclaimed Ponsonby Walker, in an almost awe-stricken voice, 'this is glorious news? I congratulate you.' 'I love your daughter, sir,' murmured the young man tremulously. 'A million sterling!' ejaculated Mr. Pon- sonby Walker, rising excitedly in his chair. 'It belongs to Miriam,' cried Claude with emotion. 'My dear Claude, your constancy is touch- ing,' said Mr. Ponsonby Walker quite over- come. 'God bless you, my boy!' 'Thank you, sir,' said Claude, wringing the hand of his future father-in-law. 'Claude, my boy, regardless of your for- tune, it will be better that you should have some employment. As a start, therefore, I would suggest that you should join the Board of the Grand El Dorado Diamond Mining Company,' cried Mr. Ponsonby Walker, with sudden eagerness. 'Certainly, sir,' said the young man promptly. 'May I put you down for a hundred shares?' inquired Mr. Ponsonby Walker in a business-like tone. 'I'll take a thousand,' replied Claude, with a new and delightful sense of reckless- ness. 'No, no; you mustn't put all your eggs in one basket. The Grand EL Dorado, hovever, will be a splendid thing—a splendid thing. But a hundred shares will be enough,' said Mr. Ponsonby Walker, rapidly filling up a printed form. 'There, my boy, sign that, and you will discover that I have given you a princely wedding gift.' Claude Damien dashed off his signature in a lordly manner, and then started off in a state of delirious happiness to claim his affianced bride. Then came a period of delicious ex- citement, during which the young man was scarcely conscious of his own identity. His sudden elevation from poverty to extreme wealth almost turned his head. Not only was he received with affectionate deference into the bosom of the Ponsonby Walker family, but he was overwhelmed with congratulations and polite attentions from every one. The fame of his good luck spread abroad like wild fire, and before a week had elapsed every newspaper in England published paragraphs alluding to the event, and also mentioning the happy circumstances of his engagement. Mr. Ponsonby Walker expressed great annoyance and indignation at the introduction of his daughter's name into the public prints, but Claude could not help fancying that his father-in-law elect was not so displeased as he affected to be. But Claude Damien had something else to think of beside love-making and responding to congratulatory epistles. In the first place it was necessary to take steps to obtain pos- session of his property, and for this purpose he placed himself in the hands of a firm of solictors, recommended by Mr. Ponsonby Walker. Unfortunately, Mr. Blotting wrote in reply to telegraphic inquiries that the tes- tator's estate consisted almost entirely of land and houses which could not be converted into money until after the usual interval. This was a disappointment to Claude, for he longed to taste the sweets of his inheritance, and, moreover, he had been applied to for the pur- chase money of his shares in the Grand El Dorado Gold Mining Company. Having no means of meeting this demand, he had no al- ternative but to seek the advice and assistance of Mr. Ponsonby Walker. 'What a ridiculous situation,' exclaimed the financier, with a hearty laugh, as he slapped his future son-in-law on the back. 'Imagine an impecunious millionaire?' 'It's awkard all the same,' said Claude, laughing also. 'Pooh! There need be no difficulty,' res- poned Ponsonby Walker. 'I'll write you a cheque. Stay though!' he added, thoughtfully. 'I think, on consideration, that I had better not. One can't be too careful in these matters and remarks might be made if it should tran- spire that the money came from me.' Ponsonby Walker winked confidentially as ] he spoke and looked so knowingly at the young man that the latter, without the least under- standing him, felt impressed by the wisdom of the financier's remark. 'I suppose not,' acquiesced Claude, doubt- fully; 'but where shall I get the money from?' 'You can borrow it from your solicitor, or —well, perhaps it is better to be independent and you can afford the luxury—why not get it from Benlevi?' said Ponsonby Walker. 'By all means. But who is Benlevi?' in- quired Claude. 'Benlevi of Burlington street,' replied Mr. Ponsonby Walker, with another sagacious wink. 'A money lender, but honest as they go. He will make you pay for the accom- modation, but what will that matter to you?' So Claude, nothing loth, paid a visit to Mr. Benlevi, who received him very civilly, hav- ing evidently read all about him in the news- papers. From this worthy the young man obtained, on somewhat startling terms, a sum of money which enabled him to take up his shares and left something over. Being thus in funds Claude Damien did not scruple to launch out a little by taking an expensive set of chambers and furnishing them out luxur- iously. He found no difficulty in obtaining credit from tradespeople, and having once set the ball rolling, he soon raised a very consid- erable crop of debts, and began to live in a manner worthy of his enviable circum- stances. At the instance of his future father-in-law, who represented that he ought not to neglect his own interests, Claude Damien attended one or two meetings of the directors of the Grand El Dorado Diamond Mining Company, though the proceedings, and indeed the com- pany itself, rather bored him. It was gratify- ing, however, to the young man that his con- nection with the company had had a very good effect and that its shares were being eagerly applied for, especially as he understood that in some mysterious way the success of the company was an excellent thing for Miriam's father. Claude was a little puzzled at this, because Mr. Ponsonby Walker's name did not appear on the prospectus of the com- pany, nor among the list of shareholders. But the young man asked no questions, being absorbed with the raptures of lovemaking and the delights of luxurious living, and, as Mr. Ponsonby Walker soon ceased to trouble him any more about the company, Claude was per- fectly content not to refer to it. It was, perhaps, fortunate for the young man's peace of mind that he shirked the di- rectors' meetings, and never read the financial columns of the newspapers, for he thus re- mained in happy ignorance of ugly rumours which began to be circulated about the new venture. He did, indeed, hear something of an unfavourable report which had come to hand concerning the company's mines, and which had caused a panic and a great outcry among the shareholders. Still this gave him but little uneasiness. Early one morning, however, a few days after these rumours first came to his ears, Claude Damien found his sitting-room oc- cupied by a gaunt-looking, elderly gentleman, who was seated in his best easy-chair, tran- quilly smoking a cigar and reading the news- paper. Claude started in amazement at the stranger, whose shrivelled features seemed oddly familiar, though he was not conscious of ever having seen him before. His uncere- monious visitor stared at him in return with an amused, half-contemptuous expression, which excited the young man's wrathful in- dignations. 'Who are you, sir? and what are you doing here?' demanded Claude angrily. 'I'm a corpse,' said the old gentleman with a sardonic grin. 'A what?' exclaimed Claude, starting. 'I used to be your mother's brother Wil- liam, and consequently your uncle, young man,' said the stranger, with a decided American twang; 'but it seems on this side, I'm only a testator. When I heard the news over yonder, there iseemed to me to be something kinder wrong about it; so I've come over to make inquiries.' 'Good heavens!' gasped Claude, turning pale. 'If—if what you say is true, I have been duped. But Mr. Silas Blotting of Prin- cess Town——' 'There is no such person,' interposed the old gentleman calmly. 'What does it mean, then?' cried Claude wildly. 'I have had letters from him. He told me that my uncle, William Barnes of Princess Town, was dead.' 'There is no such person as William Barnes of Princess Town, either, I guess,' said the old gentleman, with another grin. 'I'm located at Chicago, and left Princess Town a dozen years ago. Have you any doubt that I'm your uncle, young man, and that I'm alive still?' Claude looked earnestly at the face before him, but, in truth, his scrutiny was unneces- sary. Already the conviction had been borne upon him that he was speaking to his mother's brother, for the family likeness was unmistakable. 'Seems to me, nephew, that you've em- barked on a pretty big swindle,' said his uncle, with a significant glance round the well-appointed room. 'I am ruined, dishonoured!' exclaimed Claude, overwhelmed with shame as he thought of his debts and the difficulty of his position. 'What will Mr. Ponsonby Walker —what will Miriam think? I am innocent of any swindle, Uncle William,' he added, with fierce energy. 'Say, how did it all happen then?' inquired his uncle, in a friendly tone. Claude Damien, feeling that he was on his defence, pulled himself together and gave a lucid and coherent account of the events which have been narrated. His uncle lis- tened with close attention, and occasionally asked questions, which, if the young man had been less agitated, would have given rise to a suspicion that the old gentleman had already made himself acquainted with the circumstances. 'Well, nephew, if you ain't a knave you are a tool, which is almost as bad in these days,' said his uncle, when he had finished. 'Your Mr. Ponsonby Walker has played you a nice trick!' 'Mr. Ponsonby Walker!' exclaimed Claude with a start. 'Why, certainly. It was a plan of his to boom his precious company, whose shares, by the by, are now worthless. But that don't matter to him. He floated the concern, and got his promotion-money, you bet,' said the old gentleman, with quiet conviction. 'Impossible!' gasped Claude, horrified at the suggestion. 'That is so, and you've got into an awk- ward scrape. The best thing you can do is to clear out of it, and come along with me,' said his uncle, not unkindly. 'I've business over yonder in Princess Town—dry-goods store. It ain't aristocratic, but it's honest. I call myself Williams over there because I'm in trade and don't want to hurt the family pride,' added the old gentleman, sarcastically. 'Hang family pride! I'll go with you uncle, certainly, and if necessary, sweep out the shop,' cried Claude, with heartfelt earn- estness. 'But what about my debts?' 'Never mind your debts,' replied the old gentleman, who seemed pleased at his nephew's evident sincerity. 'They are not your debts; they are Mr. Ponsonby Walker's. He shall see to 'em.' 'And—and Miriam;' exclaimed the young man with a beating heart. 'Miriam! Oh! That is the girl? You don't suppose she really cares for you, you young idiot,' said his uncle brusquely. 'I'm sure she does. Whatever her father may be. Miriam is true, and—and I love her, Uncle William, better than my life,' ex- claimed Claude excitedly. 'Well, if that is so,' said his uncle, in a quiet, matter-of fact tone, 'as I've no room for absent-minded lovers in my establishment you had better marry her straight away. You think she would come, eh?' 'Uncle!' ejaculated Claude, completely staggered by the boldness of the proposition 'Why—why, of course she would. But— but her parents would never consent. Mr. Ponsonby Walker——' 'Leave him to me,' said the old gentleman with a grim smile. 'He will be only too anxious to get rid of the ghost he has raised on any terms, you bet! I've got evidence in my pocket which will make him listen to reason. If you can persuade the girl to come back with us in the Etruria at the end of the month, I'll fix matters with her father and get his blessing—for what it's worth!— into the bargain.' Claude never quite understood how it all occurred, but he not only received Ponsonby Walker's blessing, but, what was more to the point, the hand of his daughter and re- ceipts for all the money he owed. —London Truth. 