fQRMmniiis.' By S. BAKUiGGOUUD, Author of ?' MehalaV ' Oourt Royal,' ' John Herring,' ' The Gaveroeka.' &c.; Published by special amusement with the author. Chaptee XXXVL— Deposed. Gone as a dream — that brief period of hope and happiness and comfort. Philip had a disquieting prospect opening before him, asdisquletlngas that which drove Mrs. Sidebottom from England, but different in kind. ^PhiUp was ready enough to account for every penny, aud return all to bis charo. What troubled him was the fearful 1-jok-out of a return to furnished lodgings. He s*w himself about to be cast forth from the elegancies, the conveni ences of life, and cast down to its vul garities and discomforts. He saw himself about to be transferred from the cushioned car i iage on the smooth road to a buggy on a corderoy way, all jolts and kicks and plunges atid breakdowns. He was about to descend from succulent joints and savory entre mets to mutton chops alternating into beef- steaks, from claret to bitter beer, from a place of authority to one of sub mission, from progress to stagnation, from a house of his own over which to rssge at pleasure to confinement within two roomB, one opening out of the other. He must go back to streaky forks and spoons that at dinner recalled the egg of breakfast, to knlveB with adhesive handles and tumblers frosted with finger marks, to mirror frames encased in fly- proof snipped green paper and beaded flower- mats, a horsehair sofa, a cruet stand with old cruBted mustard and venerable Worcester sauce in it, to wax fruit under a gla3S shade, as covered with dust as a Peruvian island with guano, to folding doors into the ELU laUcLLU UCUlUUUlj auu u\J VlUVmua uiwu \jim\si*. withdiscardedbonnetribbons. Sutitwould have been bad enough for Philip, now ac customed to better thing3, to have had the prospect before him of descending alone ; but he was no longer alone, he had a wife, who, however, was absent, and about whose return he was uncertain. Aad he had with him the encumbrance of a baby ; and the encumbrance of a baby drew wish it a train of dissatisfied and departing nurses, one after another, like the pro cession of kings revealed to Macbeth ia Hecate's cave. A babe in a lodging-house is as oat of place as was the ancestral Stanley found in an eagle's nest on the top of a piae, of which the family crest preserves a reminiscence. Uncle Jeremiah w&3 restored to strength, moral as well as physical. Ha no longer thought of his heart, he allowed it to manage its pulsations unconsidered. He was heartily glad that he had baen saved committing an act of egregious folly, and he was prepared now to meet Salome without a twinge. Common sense had resumed the place of upper hand and the temporary disturbance was over for ever. To every man comes at some period after he has began to decline a great horror of old age, an agonising clutch at the pleasures and follies of youth, a titna of intoxication when he is not responsible for his acts, an intoxication produced by fear leet life with its roses should have passed and left only thorns behind ind decay. Men whose lives have been spent in business, subjected to routine, who have not thought of love and amusement, of laughter and idleness, are suddenly roused to find themselves old and standing out cf the rush of merriment and the sunshine of happiness. Then they make a frantic effort to seize what hitherto they have despised, to hug to their hearts what they have formerly cast away. It is the St Luke's summer, a faint reflex of the departed glory and warmth, a last emi'e before the arrival of the wintry gales. No moment In life is so fraught wich danger as this — at none is there more ritk of shipwreck to reputation. r-'ow that Jeremiah had passed through this period, he could survey its risks with a smile and a sense of self-pity and a little self- contempt. He who had always esteemsd himself strong had discovered that he could be weak, and perhaps this leeson had made him more lenient with the itifirmlties of ethers. He returned to his friend John Dile, looking older by some years, but also more hale. He had touched the earth, but had risen from it stronger than when he fell. On reaching Bridlington he learned from Dale the state of matters at Merga troyd. Whilst there a hasty note arrived for Mr. Dale from Salome to'say that she was leaving, with her ^husband's consent, to be with her sister in Switzerland, and both thought they could read between the lines that there had been a fresh difference with Philip. Thereupon Jeremiah went to Merga trojd, and came in unexpectedly and un announced on Philip. Jeremiah Pennycomequick had not de his sister and nephew. He was conscious that he had played them a trick, that he had put them to a test which he was not justified hi applying to them. He was angry with both — with his half slBter for the precipitation with which she had accepted and certified his death, and with Philip for his treatment of Salome. He did not disguise from himself that his interference In such a delicate matter as a quarrel, or an estrangement, between husband and wife, might make the breash worse. When he arrived at Mergatroyd he had not resolved what conrse to take. Ha sat up half the night with Philip. ' You will find,' said the latter with some pride, ' that I have maintained the business in a healthy condition ; it Is not in the condition it was during the Conti nental war which affected linen as well a9 other things, but that was of its nature ephemeral. It rests on a sound basis. Go through the books and satisfy your self. My aunt,' there was a tone of bitterness when he added this — ' My aunt watched the conduct of the factory with a jealous eye, and did not trust my accounts without a scrutiny. As for what was in the bank, I can give an account of every penny, and the securities, such as came to me, are untouched.' *' I will look into these matters at my leisure,'' said Jeremiah, 'and if I find that matters are as you say I will let you down lightly ; only, I forewarn you, let down you will be. And now a word about Salome.' ' My wife,' said Philip shortly. ' Your wife — exactly — but ? ' ' With regard to my wife, I brook no interference,' said Philip haughtily. 'The mill is your affair, my domestic relations are my own.' ' You cry out before you are hart,' retorted Jeremiah : ' I am not about to interfere. I know that you are greatly disconcerted at -the discovery as to the parentage of your wife.' Philip held up his head stiffly and closed his lips tightly. He said nothing. 'I am not Intermeddling,' continued Jeremiah, ' but I wish you to understand this— that I have some claim to speak a word for Salome, whom I have always — that b to say — whom I have looked upon with fatherly regard. The two little girls grew np In my house ; not a day passed but I saw them ; I rode them as infants at my knee ; I bought them toys. They ran to meet me— cupboard love, of coarse— when I came from the mill, because I had oranges or sweet things in my pocket. I took pride in them as they became bloom ing girls, I saw that they were well tanght. After dinner they soothed me with their music, and when I was dull enlivened me with their prattle. Have I lien no right to speak a word for one or the other? I have been to them more tbiin a father. Their father deserted them aa soon . aa they were bom, bat I have nurtured and clothed them, aafi seen to tto development of their minds and toe ' iUdpUntog of their characters. It is ?bipxdof you to deny me the right to ' cpeak. To Interfere is not my purpose.'' 'Very well, I will lfeten.' ' Then let me tell you this— I - known who their father was. When Mra. Cos woith came into this house she vety honestly told me the trnth about them, ard by my advice she kept her counsel It could do them-only harm — sloud tfe%fr joys, to know that they had adipjkrepntable father. We knew nothing of. the man's subsequent history. He had disap peared, and might be^ — as we hoped — dead. But, even If alive, we did not suppose he would care to come hi quest of his twin daughters^ and we trusted should he do thiB that he would not find them. We hoped that he might not conjecture that the children had been adopted, by their acct and that she had moved into Yorkshire to Mergatroyd. Neither Salome nor Janet knew who iheir father was, or rather both supposed him to be that worthy man who perished so lamentably in my service. By what means he made the discovery and got on their track I do not know, and I hardly care to know, if I could take Into my house the children of such a man, it hardly becomes you ? ' Philip interrupted his uncle. 'That fellow Schoheld never injured you as he did my father. He not only ruined him, but he also was the cause of his estrange ment from you, or rather yours from him' ' Bear the man what grudge you will,' said Jeremiah hastily, ' but do not visit his offences on the head- of his unoffand ing child.' Philip stood np. He was angry, but sot to be moved from his stiffness of manner. '1 think,' said he, 'jouwlll be tired. I am, and probably bed is the best place for both. As this is now your house and 1 am an intruder in it, I must ask per mission to occupy my room for to-night.' Jeremiah laughed, ' And you — a lawyer ! Why, you are in legal possession, and till there is a re versal of the sentence of the Probate Court 1 have no more rights than a ghost. Ko Jam your guest.' Philip retired to his room. The words of Jeremiah charging him with visiting the offences of the father on the unoffending child were but the repetition of his own self -Te\ roach, but for that very reason less endurable. It is the truth of a charge which gives it its stlns;. A man will en dure to say to himself what he will not tolerate to be eald to him by another. He went to his room but not to bed. He sat at the window where Salome had sat, in the same chair, thinking with dark brow aud set lips. In one thing, hia eelf-esteem was encouraged. His uncle would see and 'be forced to acknowledge how thoroughly he had mastered the tech nicalities of the business and with what order and prudence he had carried it on. He need not shrink from the closest exa mination into his conduct of the factory. Everything was in order, the books well kept, several contracts In hand. His uncle might dismiss him, bet he could not say a word against his integrity and business habits. He had taken to himself nothing but what Mrs. Sidebottom, as admlalefca trix, had passed over to him. And as to his uncle's disappearance he had done no thing as to the identification of the wrong body ; he had held himself neutral as in capable of forming an opinion from inade quate acquaintanca with his uncle. If blame was to be cast it muBt fall heavily on Mrs, Sidebottom, but none would rest on him. But — how about the future? Pir':p now recalled the discomfiture, the mono tonies, the irriatiens of lodginghoaae life. Could he go back to that? If his tmele offered to retain him hi his house could he consent ? His pride counselled Mm to go, his love of com fort to remain. Unc?e Jeremiah had not invite J him to remain,|bat Philip thought it likely that he might. His pride was galled In many ways. It would be most painful to him to con tinue at the factory!ln whlchhe had been a master, henceforth' in a subordinate posi tion. Should he return to the solicitor's firm at Nottingham, in which he had been before? That his services there were valued he was well aware, that his resig nation of a clerkship therein had caused annoyance he was well aware ; he knew, however, that his place was filled, and that If he returned to the office he would be obliged to take a lower desk. He might and probably would be ad vanced, but that would require patience, and he mnst wait till a vacancy occurred. Besides, it would be a humiliation to have to solicit readmlssion after he had left the office on stilts, as one who had come into a fortune. Then — what was to be done about his wife ? He could not maintain her and her child on a junior clerk's wage. Moreover, he had sent her away when he occupied a lofty moral platform, because connection with her Bullied the fair name of Penny comeqnick and might injure the firm ; and now that he no longer belonged to the firm, bat was a poor clerk of no con sequence in the world, was he to write to her a letter of humble apology, and aak her to return and share the beggary of a clerk & life In furnished lodgings with him, to utlte with htm ia the long doleful battle against landladies ? He had little dcubt that Uncle Jeremieh would propose to make Salome an allowance, and that on this allowance together with his salary they might be able to rub along. Bat to accept ench relief from Uncle Jeremiah, granted through his wife— his wife whom he had snubbed and thru&t; away— was not pleasant fco contemplate. Whatever way Philip considered the meal Bet before him. he saw only humble pie, and humble pie is the least appetising of dishes. Philip approached it as a sulky child does a morsel which his nursa re* quires him to eat, without consuming which he must expect no puddiug. He walked round it, he looked at if from near, then he drew back and considered it at long range, then ho touched it, then smelt it, then turned hia baok on if-, then — with a grumble — began to pick a few crumbs off it and put them between his lips. He went to bed at last unresolved, arjgry with himself, angry with Salome, angry with his uncle, and angry with the baby who was sobbing in the nursery. Philip's experiences had all been made In spiral form; they were ever turning about himself, and thongh each revolu tion attained a higher level, ic was still made about the sime centre. There is a family likeness in minds as well as in noses and ayes aiid hair ; and In this Philip resembled his aunt, but with the difference, that he was governed by a strong sense of rectitadd, and that nothing would induce hia: to deviate from what he believed to ba just, whereas his aunt's principles were flexible and governed only by her own interests. In these days In which we live socialism Is In the air, that is to say, it is talked of and professed, but whether by any isprac tised I am inclined to question. For so cialism I take to mean every one for. every one else and no one for himself, and this is a condition contrary to the nature of man, for men are all more or less waterspouts, vortices, attracting to themselves whatever comes within their reach, and to be actuated by a cen trifugal, not a centripetal force la the negative of individuality. We stalk our way over the ocean, draw ing up through our skirts every drop of water, every seaweed, and crab and fish and mollusc that we can touch, and whirl them round and round ourselves, and only cast them away and distribute them to others when they are of no more use to ourselves. ; Every climatic zone through wtleh Philip had passed had served to feed tind build up the column of his self-esteem ; the logged weather In furnished lodging*, and the still eeas Into which he had «&? teted by his uncle's death and by hia tnairiage. Nothing had t^ken lbdown, absolved Its continpity, dleslpaed Its force. At sea tsixen a vessel encounters a 'waterspout), it discharges ordnance, and the-vfbwfioh of the atmosphere caused by *h* txrplosion -snaps the column aud it goeo to pieces. But would the shock eaUBed by the return of uncle JeremUh, and the 'lots of position and wealth that this entailed, suffice to break the pillar of eelfeeteem that constituted Philip Penny ? comeqnlck ? Hardly ; for though touched in many ways, he could hold up his head coDtcious of his rectitude, he had managed the mill- admirably, kept the accounts acenrately, adapted himself to the new re quirements perfectly. He could, when called upon, give up his place, but he wonld march forth with all the honors of war. Chapter XXXVII. — On the Lake. Mra. SidebotTOm had reached Lucerne very rumpled aod dirty and out of temper, h&viag; travelled all-night from Brussels, and hiving had to turn out and have her boxes examined at Thionville and Basle. She had scrambled through a wretched breakfast off cold coffee and a roll at Stras burg at i o'clock in the morning, and then had been condemned to crawl along by a slow train from Strasbnrg to Basle, and by another, still slower, from B»sle to Lucerne. A night In a comfortable hotel had restored her wonderf ally ; and when she took her place under the awning In the lake Bteamer, with a ticket in her glove for Fluelen, which she insisted on calling Flewellen, she was in a contented mood and inclined to patronise the scenery. The day was lovely, the water blue, Pilatus without his cap, and the distant Oberland peaks seen above the Bruulg PafB were silver against a turquoise sky. 'This,' said Mrs. Sidebottom, dipping Into ' Murray's Handbook' to ascertain what It was proper to say, ' this Is dia tlngukhed above every lake In Switzer land, and perhaps In Europe, by the beauty and sublime grandeur of its scenery.' Then past her drifted a party of Eng .lish tourists, also with '?' Murray' in their hands and on their lips. ** Oh, mamma !' exclaimed a young lady, ' this lake is of very irregular shape, assuming near its west extremity the form of a cross. Do you see 1 There is one arm, we are ap proaching another, and there Is the leg.' 'My dear,' said her mother, 'don't say leg ; it is improper ; say stem.' 'And, mamma, how true ' Murray' is — is it not wonderful ? He says that at this part the shores of the lake are un dulating hills clothed with verdure, and dotted with houses and villas. He really inu&t; have seen the place to describe it so accurately.' ' Good gracious !' exclaimed Mrs. Side bottom ; and then, after a pause, ' Graci ous goodness !' Lambert Pennycomequick took no notice of his mother's exclamations, till a third ' gracious goodness,' escaping her like the discbarge of a minute-gun at sea, called his attention to her, and he asked, ' Well, what Is It ?' As he received no answer, he said, ' I don't believe in that honey served up at breakfast. It is not honey at all, but syrup in which stewed ])9ars have soaked,' ' Up oa my word !' gasped Mrs. Side bottom. 'What Is the matter, mother ? Oh, ye?, lovely scenery. By George, so It is. I believe it is all a hoax about chamois. I have been told that they knock goats on the head, and so the flesh is black or rather dark colored, and it la served as chamois and charged accordingly.' 11 This is extraordinary,' exclaimed Mrs, Sidebottom. .'' Yes — first rate,' said Lamber*. ' Oar Yorkshire wolds dou'c quite come up to the Alps, do they ?' But Mrs. Sidebottom was not lost hi wonder at the beauty of the landscape, she was watching intently a gentleman' in a light suit of a military cast, wearing a white hat and a pugaree, with moustache and carefully curled whiskers, who was marching the deck alongside of another gentleman, stout, ordinary-looking, and comfortable in appearance, like a plump bullfinch. ' Look at my watch,' said the gentle man in the light salt, and aB there were vacant places beside Mra. Sidebottom. the two gentlemen left pacing the deck and seated themselves on the bench near her. ' Look at my watch ! -Turned black, positively black, as if I had kept it against a vulcanised indiar ubber stomach belt. If you want evidence — there It la. I haven't cleaned it. No, I keep it aa a memorial to me to be thankful to the beneficent heaven which carried me through — which carried me through.' Mrs. Sidebottom saw a Bllver watchcase extended to be exhibited, the dingy color that silver acquires when exposed to ga3. ' J wish, sir — I beg yonr pardon, my lord — you will excuse me, but by accident — bv the merest accident — I cansht slshis of yonr address and name on yonr luggage — il wish, my lord, I were going wloh yoa to Andermatfc, and I wonld take you a promenade round the ba cks of the hotels and let you smell — sme ll,*ny lord — as ri h & bouquet of accumulated deleterious odors bb could be gathered into one — odors, my lord, dipthceretlcal, typholdiacal. You see my face — I have be come mottled through blood-poisoning. I was gangrened at Andermatt by the deadly vapors there. 1 thank a merciful heaven, with my strong - onstltutlon and by the warning afforded by my watch, I escaped death. I always carry about with me a silver timepiece, not one of gold, for sanitary reasons — the silver warns me of the presence in the atmosphere of sul phuretted hydrogen — of sewage gas — it blackens, as the arm of Lady Thingabob— I forget her name, perhaps she was of your lordship's family — as the arm, the wrist of ber ladyship, was blackened by the grip of a spectre. I see you are bound for the Hotel du Grand Prince. I went there, and there I inhaled the vapors of death or rather of disease. I moved to the Hotel Imperial and was saved. There, and there only, the drainage is after English models, and there, and thsre only are you safe from the fumes of typhoid, the seeds of typhus, the cor pnscules of diphtheria, and the — the — the what-d'ye-coii-enis of cholera. You will excuse my speaking to you, perhaps, forcing myself — unworthy on your dis tinguished self.' 'Oh, certainly, certainly.' ' But when I saw your name, my lord, and considered what yon are and what the country would lose were you to run the risk onforewarned that I ran, I ventured to thrust myself upon you. ' I am really most obliged to you.' ' Well— who Is It said ? We are all one flesh, and so feel sympathy one with another ?' Having suffered, my lord, suffered so recently, and seeing you, my lord, you, you — about — but there — not another word, Homo sum, nil humanum — but I forget the rest, it ia long since I was at school, and 1 have not kept up my classics.' *'I really am most Indebted to yon — and you think that the Hotel Imperial ' I am 'sure of it. I had my blood tested, I had my breath analysed. There were diatomB In one, and baccllll hi the other, and— I am alive, alive to say it ; thanks to the salubrious ah* and'the caref al nursing of the Hotel Imperial.' The nobleman looked nearly as mottled in countenance aB the other ; this was caused by the alarm produced by the revelations of his interlocutor. 'Don't you think,' he said, 'that I had better avoid Andermatt ?' *'On no account, my lord. You are safe at the Imperial. I cannot say that you will be safe elsewhere. I hayd been to Berne to the University professors to have the atmosphere of the several hotels sDalysed for my own private satisfaction. It .was costly — but what of that ? — it satis fied me. These are the msalta :— Hotel do Cerf— Three, decimal jtwo of anl plurttteS hydrogen, two 'decimal eight of malarious matter, one, no decimal, of typholdal germ. Hotel de Ia Couronne d'Or— Three dedraal one of sulphuretted hydrogen, five decimal three of compound fermenting putrlfio bactexetic stuff. Hotel du Grand Prince — Eight decimal one of diphtheoreticefnuvlnm, occasional traces of scarlet fever germs, and a trace — a trace of trichihus splralis.' *' Good heavens 1'— his lordship turned livid— 'allow me, sir, to shake your hand ; you have conferred on me a last leg favor. I shall not forget it- I was bound for the Hotel du Grand Prince. What about the Imperial V ' Nothing — all salubrious, mountain air charged with ozone, and not a particle of deleterious matter in it.'' ' I shall certainly go there — moat cer taipjy. x Had telegraphed to the Grand Prince ; but nevermind, I had rather pay a forfeit and put np at the Imperial.' ?' Would you mind, my lord, giving my card to the proprietor ? It will inBure you receiving every attention. I was there when ill, and am pleased to recommend the attentive manager. My name is Yeo — Colonel Yeo— Colonel Beaple Yeo, East India Company Service, late of the Bom bay Heavy Dragoons. Heavies we were called — HeavieB, my lord.' ' Will you excuse me ?' said the stout little nobleman ; ' I must run and speak to my lady. 'Pon my word, this is most serious. 1 must tell her all you have been so good as to communicate to me. What were the statistics relative to the Grand Prince ?' 'Eight decimal one — sail it eight of diphtheoretic effluvium, 'traces of scarlet fever germs, and of trichlnus splralis. You know, my lord, how frightful, how deadly are the ravages of that pest.' ' Bless me,' exclaimed his lordship, ' these foreigners — really they should not attempt to draw English — Englishmen and their families to -their health resorts without making proper provision in a sanitary way. Of course, for themselves, it doeen't matter ; they are foreigners, and are impervious to these Influences ; or if not, and carried off by them — well, they are foreigners ! But to English — it ia outrageous ! I'll talk to my lady.' 'Lambert,' said Mrs. Sidebottom in a low tone to her son, ' for goodness sake don't forget ; we must go to the Hotel Imperial.' But low as she had spoken, her neigh bor in the light suit heard her, turned round, and saw her. Not the least abashed, he raised his hat, and with a flash of pleasure exclaimed, ' Ah! how do you do, my dear madam — my dear, dear madam ? This is a treat — a treat indeed ; the unexpected is always doubly grateful.' He looked round to see that his lordship waB out of hearing, and said in a lower tone — ' You misconstrued me — you misinter preted me. I had guaranteed you 15 per cent., and 15 per cent, you should have had. If you have loBt It it Is through want of confidence In me — in me — in Colcnel Beaple Yeo, of the Bombay Heavies. Had you trusted me — but, ah ! letbj ganes be bjgones. However, an explanation is due. I writhe under the imputation of not being aboveboard and straight — straight as an arrow. But what can you do with a man like Mr. Philip Pennycomequick? The landowners of Bridlington got wind of the plan. They scented Iodinop ilia, Their greed was insatiable, the demanded, impossible prices. There was nothing for It bat for me to beat a retreat, make a strategic move to the rear, feign to aban don the whole thlDg, throw it up, and turn my attention elsewhere. Then, when they were in a state of panic, my de sign was to reappear, and buy the land on my own terms, not any more on theirs. Why, my dear madam, I wonld have saved the shareholders thousands on thousands of pounds, and raised the interest from per haps a modest seven to twenty-five per cent, and a decimal or so more. Bat I was not trusted, the money cc nfided to me was withdrawn, and others will make for tunes instead of us. I schemed, others will carry out my scheme, Sic ves non vobis meUificatis apes, and you know the rest, aratis hods, and bo on.' Then Beople Yeo stood up and handed his card to Mrs. Sidebottom, saying, ' You will at least do me this favor ; give my card to the proprietor of the Hotel Imperial, and he will care for you as for a princess of the blood royal.' Then he stalked away. Mrs. Sidebottom turned dejectedly to her son. ' ' Lamb. I believe I was prema ture. After all, there was management in that affair. Of course his was the right way to bring those landowners to their knees. Let us take a torn.' Beaple Yeo had now attached himself to another party of strangers — tourists, whose acquaintance he had probably made at an hotel in Lucerne ; and he walked the deck with them. When they were fore then Mrs. Sidebottom and her son were in the rear, bat when they turned on their heels than she turned also and walked aft and heard their conversation during that portion of the walk. The sub ject was St. Bernard dogs, and apparently Beaple Yeo had some scheme connected with them which he was propounding. 'My dear sirs, when the St. Gothard tunnel Is complete — answer me — what will become of the hospice 1 To what use can it be put ? It will be sold for a song, as not a traveller will cross the mountain when he can pass under it. For a Bong — literally for a ' song of sixpence.' Now, can you conceive of a place more calcu lated by nature as a nursery of Mount St. Bernard dogs — and the necessary buildings given away — given for no thing to save them from crumbling into ruin. There is a demand, a growing de mand for Mount St. Bernard dogs, that only wants a little coaxing to become a perfect furore. We will send one as a present to her Royal Highness the Prince of Wales. We will get in France an Idea that the St, Bernard dog Is a badge of the Bepublic, and that all trae Republicans are bound to have Mount St. Bernard dogs. We will get aome smart writers hi America to dash off some sparkling articles in the illustrated magazines, and the de mand becomes furious. Say the popula tion of France Is thirty-seven millions ; actually It is more, and of these t vo-thlrds — Bay twenty five millions— are Republi cans, and of these, one-half are in a posi tion to buy Mount St. Bernard dogs, and we fan the partisan feyer to a height, by means of the press, which is easily done by dropping a few pounds in the hands of writers and proprietors. Say that one third only of those in a position to buy the dogs, actually ask for them — that makes five millions of Mount St. Barnard dogs to be supplied to France alone. Then consider England, If it becomes the fashion there, and It will become the fashion, If the Princess of Wales accepts a dog from us, and walks about with one. Every lady of distinc tion, and then. In the next year, every servant girl will want a St. Bernard dog. And further — I have calculated that we can fe&d; a dog at less than three farthings a day ; say the total cost is a guinea. I have made enquiries and I find I shall be able to buy op the broken meat at a very low figure from the great hotels of Switzerland during the season. This will be conveyed to the hospice and there frozen. So It will keep and be doled out to the dogs daily, as required. Let us say that the interest on the outlay in purchasing the hospice and In maintaining the staff of dog-keepers be one guinea per dog ; that makes the total outlay two guineas on each pup, and a pup a year old we shall not sell under £10. Now, calculate the profit for yourselves — £8 a dog and four millions supplied to France alone to enthusiasts for the Bepublic, and quite two millions to England to thoee who Imitate her Royal Highnees the Princess of Wales, and seven millions to the United States for Americans who copy French or English fashions, and you have a total of thirteen millions of dogs at £8 each, a clear profit of 125 million*. If we put the matter in decimals — — ' (To be continued. I 