®ur Summarg of Itome !?*$»& Lf the Lord Mayor's Court London, on December 5, a case of Medland y. Foley came on before tlie assist anti Judge (Mr. Roxburgh). The plaintiff sought to enforce payment of £10 lis., for which judgment had been previously obtained. A. friend of the defendant attended, and said that the plaintiff and him self borrowed £o Is. on August 24, repayable on September 27. An other bill for£4 was given for in. terest. The instalments were to be-, payed £1 every week. At the end of 12 days, because default was made, an action was commenced in the Lord Mayor s Court for the re turn of the whole amount, fie had calculated the interest; it came to 840 per cent. Mr.Judge(fortho plamtiff)> Ihave seen the defend ant, and he said he would not pay a single sixpence. Hesaidhewoffid go to prison for every pound, If committed. Defendant's represen tative : Dosen't your Lordship think it is very sharp practice ? The as sistant Judge: I leave It to speak foritself ■ 4s. per month. At the Essex Assizes (says a London paper), Mr. Justice Matthew spoke in terms of condemnation upon prisoners of tender years be ing committed for trial for minor offices without bail In a case In which a lad was acquitted on a charge of striking another lad with a piece of iron in a fight, the Judge asked, * Has he been locked -up since his committal ?" The Clerk * "He lias" The Judge: "I am bound to say it is most discredit able- u-:i 1' • • for the boy. He ought not to have been locked up. : It is ^ desperate punishment to inflict on a boy of 16 to be shut up even for a week in almost; solitary confinement. Over and over again the Judges keep imploring the magistrates to grant bail to persons who are charged under circumstances like these. There was hot the slightest chance of the hoy running awav. I hope it will not occur again. If it does I am afraid the Judges will be driven to name the magistrates who treat prisoners in this way. Let him be discharged." Another curious " resurrection case " has enlivened the inhabitants of Yaise, near Lyons. A few days ago a well-to-do inhabitant of the town fell into a trance and was officially certified to be dead as a door-nail. Preparations were made for the the funeral, when, on the night before that mournful event was to take place, the .supposed dead man sat up in his coffin and called for a drink. The per son who was watching by the side of the reputed corpse was alarmed and ran away, so the rather substantial ghost got out of his coffin, imhtded the contents of a bottle of wine which was on a table, divested himself of his grave-clothes, donned his own, and then woke up the members of his ■ family. Next day, amid great revelry and rejoicing, the local Lazarus went to the Mayor's office and reported himself alive and kicking. General sympathy is felt with Mr. Bradlaugh, whose unmarried daughter, a highly-gifted woman, has just died. She suffered from a distressing cerebral affection, The funeral took place at the Lon don Necropolis Cemetery, Woking. The coffin, an " Earth to Earth" one, was embellished with floral offerings. Mr. Bradlaugh and a Jarge number of relatives and friends were present, A Brooklyn physician, who heard clever Mrs. Shaw whiBtle and went away delighted, affirms that there is a physical advance in whistling which should excuse it against all canons of propriety or good form. He says, "It is often remarked that the average girl is so narrow-chested, and ia that respect compares so unfavour ably with her brother, which may bo due in some measure to the habit of whistling which every boy acquires. Here is another significant fact.. All the men whose business it is to try the windl in struments made at the various factories before sending them ofE for sale are, without exception, free from pulmonary affections. I have known many who, when en tering upon this calling, were very delicate, and who, nevertheless, though their duty .obliged them to blow for hours together, enjoyed perfect health after a certain time. As the action of blowing wind in struments is the same as whistling, the effects should be the same." The Bishop of Ely (Lord A. Compton), has forbidden deacons m Ins diocese to preach more than, one sermon a week of their own composition, and if their incum bents require them to deliver & second, they are to write oufcsome sermon of a standard divine, to, be supplied them by their diocesan. The object of this is that the deacons may have more time for reading; but, says a clerical cor ; respondent who contributes Aha" 