Henry George's Sermon 'THY KINGDOM COME.' . On'Sunday night. May 12, Mr 'Henry George' dolivered'a sermon in tlie.' City Hall. G-laselow,, on . ' Thy ' Kingdom, Cbirio.'' '.The hall was crowded to.'' suffo- cation long . before the advertised ' bowel Key. Mr Cruickslianks occupied the chair! Mr Henry George, received with loud cheers, . said : '.'. We, have '.become, acous.' tomed to think that God's kingdom is not intended for this world, that yjrlually this' is the devil's world, and that God's king dom is some other sphere to. which Ho is to take good. people when thoy die, just as it is that when good Amoricaris die they go.to; Paris. (Laughter;) If that be so, what is the use of praying for tho advent of His Kingdom ! Is God tho Christian's God, the Almighty, and loving Father' of whom Christ told ? Is Ho such a monster as a God of that kind Would be— a God who in this world , sees sufforiugs' and miseries, sees hijjh faculties aborted, lives stunted! innocence turned into vice and ' criirio, arid 'heart- strained and broken, and yet who, having it ? in His power, will not bring . that Kingdom ? Is Ho somo self-willed despot whom we must coax P Isay.it with reveronco, the Almighty could not bring that kingdom \by -his ovrn. efforts. What is the kingdom of God — the kingdom which we are to-night to pray for P It is in doing God's will — not by automata, not .by animals who were coriipelled, but by intelligent beings made in His Image, clothed with freo will, knowing, good from ovil. ? ..' AN.YirOW IT'S - ALL MGIIT.' . Our lawssay that this God's . earth is not here for use of all His children, but onby for the use of. a privileged few. There was a dialogue published in tho United States some limp ago. Possibly ?yoir may have seen it,' It is between a ?boy, and his father, who go. to a brickyard. The boy lobks.at.the inon making bricks, and he asks who those dirty men' are, why-'they are making up tho clay, arid .what they are : doing' it for P ' Hb learns, and then ho asks about the owner of : the brick-yard. .' He don't . make any bricks; he gets his income from letting thoso other men make bricks.' (Laughter) Therihe \asks about what'/titlc. there is to 'tho's'i! tricks, the men havirig made it, and thon.he -wants r to know.-how. the . man whoo wnsj the briokryard gets his title to the .brickiyard' — whether ho -mado it ?-'?' -rNo, he didn't makeit. God mado- it.' Was it God made it for himP Whereat his f athor tells him that he must : not ask such questions .as. that— -(laugliter)T-:but that,, ariylibw,;' its . all right^liiughter)— ind;'it .is all: in accordanceM.with: God's ,law.,,^Then the boy— who; of course,; ;was a.JSuriday-sclipbl.boy- and. had been to chrirch — goes . off mumbling to himself that God so' loved, tho world that He gave His only begotten Son to die for mankind but that God sblbved the owner bi this brick-yard that.He gave. Him not iri'erely His only begotten, but the brick-yard too. (Laughter,) That story has a blas ohemous sound. : Idon t like to speak lightly of sacred subjects, but novortho jess there is a, deep moaning.in that, and it is well sometimes that we should bo fairly shocked into thinking. ??'?? ;'..? ?' ' .yOBSE'. THAN ATHEISM. . Better is the atheist who says. thero is no God than the professed Christian who, prating of , the goodness and Fatherhood )f '.God. tolls us , ini words, as some doi that .'-''million^ , and, |millions. . of human creatures i are/: being brought, into top world daily by the creative 'fiat, and no place in 'this ; world. :]-rbvidod. for them. Applause.):: i Aye, tell ns that by tho laws of God the poor are created in order ?tliat;the rich may have the unctuous sat isfaction of dealing out charity to them— (laughterj^ell us that a. state of things like that which exists in this city of Glas gow,, as in other great cities, on both sides of tlie Atlantic,. when little children are' dying/every day,: dying.' byihundreds and by thousands, because having come into this world— those children of God coming herewith hisfiatby His decree, find that there is riot space on the earth suffi cient for them to live, and driven out' of life and out of the world because they cannot get room enough, cannot get air enough, cannot get substance enough. I beliovein'no suchjGod.';' (Applause.) Tf rdid.'thoiigh I might bend before him in fear,' I' .would hate Hitri in my heart'. (Hear, hear.)l Not room enough for the little children here ! Look around, at any country in the civilised world, is' there riot room enough and to sparo? Not food enough P Look at the unemployed labor, look at the idle acres, look through every country and see the natural' opportunities going, to waste. (Applause.); That Christianity thatputs on a Creator the evil, tho injustice' the suffering, the deg-, radation that are due to a man s injustice is far worse than atheism. That is blas phemy, and if there bo a sin against the Holy Ghost, that is the unpatdonablo sin. ' Give us this day our daily bread.' A KINODOM OF EQUALITY. If Adain wnen he got out of Eden had commenced to pray and prayed .till, this time, he would have got nothing to eat unless he worked. Yet food is God's bounty. Ho does not bring the moat : all cooked, vegetables all prepared, nor lay the plates and spread the cloth. What he gives are the opportunities of produc ing these things by labor. It is written in Holy Writ and graven in every fact of nature that by labor wo shall bring forth theso things, . Yet in all civilised countries what do we? Men, as they say in California_, have coralled these bounties. Thus it- comes that all over, the civilised world tho' laboring class is the poor class, and that men who do no labor, who pride themselves in saying that neither they nor their grandfathers ever did an honest day's work, enjoy and revel in the superabundance of the things that labor brings forth: It is impossible to imagino heaven treated as we now treat this earth without seeing that no matter how salubrious its air, how bright its light, how magnificent its vegetable growth, there would :bo poverty, suffer ing, and. division if heaven were parcelled out as we have parcelled out this earth! Nor one could think' of the' Kingdom for which'.'Ke:.;p'rays;inrithout_the feeling-that it' must be a kingdom of justice, equality^ — riot necessarily equality in condition, but of equality in opportunity. , No one, could think of it. without; seeing' that 'the very kingdom of God might bo., brought cm this earth if menjwould but sdbk to do justice, would' but - aeknowlodge the ?ssontial pririoiplb of Christianity— that of doing to others as. wp would havo othorsjdo to us-^-arid of rocbgriisinB that wej are -,all( Here ; equally tho ohildrenbf ono father, arid equally ? entitled'; tb! share his bounty — to live our lives, develop our faculties, and apply our labor to' the raw matoriala that Hb has' provided. . ..'?:' 