SUPERSTITIONS OF TO-DAY. SOKE OF THE PQPITT.ATT BELIEFS OF TIIE PUBSRNT ERA. Moa who avre/ir there in noithor God nor future will yet betray a strango wouknoss to ward eoruo pot miporstiton that they will openly l;mgh at, but socretly believe. We j nil have them-not only tho ignorant people, but tho bcHt of ud. Few pcoplo will count tho hacks in a funeral procession. Fow girln will road the mumago service entirely through in tho face ol tho awful and mysterious bu : partition that this indulgence destroys hope of marriage* We don't call tho fortune-tel ler the priost of Apollo, the wart charmer, a witch. There is a change of name-the fact lingers. Wo are still auperstitious. All the generations that have passed have accumulated and handed down to us a vast number of superstitions. Each country has furnished its nharc, and probably the most' of them date from tbo time when the human ,*ueo was still in its Asiatic cradle. Uirth, marriage and death' are the throe most important events in. life. Henoo the auguries of those throe events have been most eagerly sought ana most carefully remem bered, ^ Death, being the most dreadful, oomcs in for the largest share. One of the' best ways given us of avoiding it when mortal sickness is upon us is to allow the report to be circulated that you are already dead. The chances are strongly in favour of getting: well. Esptoially is this so if friends begin to arrange for the funeral. A sure sign of early death is for a person to scatter the leaves of a red roso upon the ground. It is extremely i hazardous to an infant's life to pare its nails I before it is a year old. They should be1 I bitten off, or the grandamo wiu not answer I for the consequences. I So numerous are the dangerous super stitions about marriage that one could scarcely avoid breaking some of them, la | this observation the philosopher may findthe I solution of the question, * why is marriage I a failure V For instance the bride must not 1 tir on her wedding gown, or ill-look wUl follow. She must not look in the glass after she is fullv dressed and ready for the cere mony. Snc must not enter her new home by stopping over tho threshold, but must be earned over it by one of her relatives. A piece of tho bride's cako must be broken over nor head as soon as she is safely on the other sidy. It is very unlucky for her to be in a happy state on her wedding day. She must be as dolorous as possible, violuntfits of weep ing being especially beneficial. It u a good idea for the bridos-maide to throw away an many pins aa possible on the wedding day, aa this will hasten marriage. The bride should throw away her dipper on leaving the wedding feast, and she who catches it will be the *trst married.. The month of Slay is generally oonoeded to be the most unfortunate for marriages. The luoky months are January, Aprils August, Oc tober and November. January is especially luoky. Lovers should carefully avoid passing a sharp or pointed instrument from one to the other. Such things tend to cause quarrels. The wedding should be put off by aUmeans if a oat sneezes on the ove of the wedding day. It should sever take plooo if the oat is blade. To Bweep d<ut over a girl's feet or legs will be certain to make an old maid of her. Should the younger Bister of a family marry first, the older sisters will be' oondemnod to lasting oelibacr unless (hey dance at her wedding in their stroking feet. j The wedding ring of the mother is an iny fallible cure for eruptions on the ddnoftlye child. The ring must he rubbed three tinges around each sore. Cure is certain, , The virtue of the de* that glitters/and sparkles in every leaf and flower of a llay morning has been recognized from the ear liest timos. If a young gill wishes tr obtain and preserve a glorious .complexion slye should venture out of a May morning anil ^vush her face in this dew. / It ako has peoulinr power in imant oaaes of weak baok. A. child thus affeoted can be cured by drawing it three times?through the wet grafts on the first, second aria third morn ingt of May. It wiUoure swollen n*ok. The treatment here iB, however/more difficult. If the sufferer ben mole he/must wash his neck in the dew that gema^the grave of the deceased unmarried wonyui who died; if a woman, then the grass on the grave of the last young unmarried man' must be sought. To jspit in the hand' before undertaking anything, whether in \ove, or war, or busi ness, will not fail to briugluok. If you are out fishing do not step over your rod, or you will catch no more fifth than did Simple Simon in his mother's pail. 01 births, it may be said in general that a crying child will jjrow up to be a great and useful man. Tlii« omen is not very clearly settled, however, aud is often given the othw way. Some seer for bade in the ages discovered the/ following; BOWL on Honday, Born on Thursday, Merry and glad, Born on Friday, Worthily given. Born on Saturday, Work for your living. Born on Sunday, Vou will never know wont. To recall persona aftor thoy have left the house is bad look. To go back for something forgotten is also bad luok, nnleBs you sit down before going out again. Fair in the faoe. Burn on Tuesday, Full of God's grace. /Born on Wednosday, Sour and sad. when you Bit before the fire, a live ooal jumps out, it is a sign that you are to have good luok, especially in money matters. To wauh in water another has washed in is not only bad sanitarily, but also supers titioimly. He who makes many crumbs at the table will never havo any money to spare. It is fiying in tho face of fortune to Bweep dust out of the front door or to allow it to bo swept out. In m doing you are sweeping out your good luck, j To count one's gain* 1 riujy luok, but to find money is tbo worst potwible luck* i The 4-leaved clover, once found, should be treasured, as every school ohild knows and be- ! lioves. It brings luok of every desoription. ; Kvo attempted to carry a 4-leaved shamrock of precious stone from Faradiso with her, but it fell and shattered at her feet. Think of 1 the disaster thus entailed upon the human race! To BOO tho moon overtho left shouldoris as unlucky as to hold tho four of clubs at cords. But tho now moon econover the right shoulder or straight in front, portends fortune as smil ing as hor own bright rays. One should bo oarcful in writing a letter j not to cross out a word in it. To do so means I thnt wrjr request you may havo mado in tho I letter will not bo granted. It is voir unlucky I to dry a letter before tho firo, instead of allow , ing it to dry slowly and naturally. But un I tackiest of all in ft to drop tho letter on tho I floor after finishing it. ThoBooie but A few of the many thousands of guides to Lifo. Follow thorn all, observe thorn diligently, and happinoaa awaits you. Your faco will smile like that of a younj; girl at thought of her beloved. Your pathway will bo strewn with rones. If you scoff and ftoorn bowaro. For ilio ghosts and goblina and wituhes, tlio spirits of yourancoatorH who believed all these things and cheririied thorn OH tlie apple of the oyo, will plot togothor n gainst you. Believe thorn-oven a child bo ttom* i» Snnta Claus. TJitfy aro our only relies of iho old, dead pant-Uiofaith of logond and nlory, of Minpliuity and fraulcucHs, mien men learned only to nhout tho bow nud sponk the truth. They nru the faiths of tho childhood* of our rune, aud as such desorvo recognition. Reason may HuoflT, scioneo nrami, but down in all our brcaata the old ehildhood*B faitliB re main. Tho hand that tries to pluck them out I is profuno. 