Jack Price. ONLY A DECK HAND, BUT HE GAVE HIS LIFE FOR OTHERS. Iiuppdse not one in a thousand will care to read a ,deck.hand's story. People call us coarse and vulgar. .Granted; but our work make us so? There are ladies, I fancy, who will shudder at the thought of such a story, and gentlemen who will dip into it care "fully, expecting to find a string of oaths. Judge for yourselves whether this tale of Jack Price, my partner, is fit for refined ears. No need to tell you of a deck hand's life. A man that beats about in the cold and rain, handling sleety ropes or balancing himself on the gunwale of a coal barge with twenty feet of swift water under him, is not apt to be a pretty, kid-glovcd, soft-voiced fellow. If his face is red it is because midwinter winds on the Ohio are not good for the com plexion. He deals with rough work and is ough himself ; but his heart is just about as apt to be right as that of a- Senator or a Judge.;.. We started from Pittsburgh on the George Hammond in July, Jack and I. There was a big river, and we made good 'time to Louisville, where we shipped on the Charley Roberts, bbund for Orleans. 'To: say we found it hot on the Lower Mississippi gives no idea of the weather. Half the crew -were unfit for duty. One morning'there was \- a whispering among the boys. " What's up, Jack 7" said I. S "Steve Robinson's down' witlh 'swamp :.fever.": The boys gathered ih a knot aiond' the Scapstan:. Before long there was a panic among them. The mate shook his head- and looked thoughtful. . " The man must be put ashore," said the ,captain. "No, sir " cried Jack Price. "Who are you 7' "Plain "'Jack Price i but Steve; don't go .ashore.. It's an outrage to think of it." " Who's to nurse him 2"' " Me l" " Do'you know what swamp fever is 7" "DoI know anything ?" " Doubtful."' " I'll nurse Steve, I tell you h, We've made five trips together;, and if he's'. pt ashore here in the swamps I go with him. "You it is," said: the captain, turning on his heel. "Not another man goes into Steve's state-roomn." For ten days Steve's room was quaran tined. ; 'Nobody but Jack saw the inside of it. We saw him sometimes, ,carrying some thing to the sick ,man or sitting on the guards' to get a breath of air ; but every soul on the boat kept out of his way.. We all liked Jack, but the fever might be in his clothes. He began to look 'pale, but he never grumbled. One day the ne ws came out to us that Steve was dead; A few hours after we buried .him on an island in the river in a pine box, and' the only thing like a prayer said over him was from Jack : " God help him' ' " SThe fever. did .not spread, and we all breathed., freer. A- few evenings after Steve's'death I was on wa' ch at the head'of the.tow,ý and Jack-was with me... We were puffing:at tobies to keep off the mosquitoes. There. was a hasz over -the water, but the stars were shining, and the broad river was quiet as a lake. "Jack," said I, "I've got a raging head ache."'. "No ' said he as if :he asked a question. He took my, hand and held it., "Not fever, is it,'Jack ?" " Come and lie down," was his answer. A dizziness came 'over me, and, without Jack's arm to steady-me, I would never have reached my bunk., I remember very little after that. I learned afterwarids that I was delirious, but how long I can not tell: you. ~I remember Jack's face near me at times as in a dream-the kindliest face you ever saw, not hadsnome, may be, but a face with some 'of God's goodness in it. . , : . WheanI got back to reality-again I found Jack bending over me.; I -was in the same state-rcom, andI. could feel from the motion that the boat was under way. " How long have I been' here, Jack " "Quite awhile, my boy." : "And where are we. "' "Not far from Memphis." "Going up or down ?'.':." "Going hoiime.' Don't talk if it tires yon)u." " What was the matter with me, Jack ?' "A touch of fever; but you're better now." "Can't I look out. Jack? It?'will dome good to see:the sun.. . . He raised: me up as gently as a woman would have done, and I looked out through the glass'doidr, of' the state room eagerly as a child. Had thesun ever shone so brightly : before? The low wooded shores looked like paradises No mountain stream ever seemed so beautiful to me as the great muddy river. . . ' "Jack,'"' said I, when he laid, me down again, " what'can I'ever doto npay you ?" "Payme for what i?" \- Look. at nie; I'm thin as a ghost. I must have been sick a lorig time. You've pulled me through, Ja'k.!' . "I've done nothing of the kind," said he, Slaghing.-. S'I noticed for the first time how-very thin and pinched his face wis.':: It eemed as if he bad grown bld. .' Look at me, Jack; you've been the best 'fiiend I ever had." :. . "He made no answer, but took my hand and pressed it. It seemedas if a mist came between us, and I saw big tears stabding in Jack's kindly eyes. "I thought I'd got- past this," 'said he, coughing. Next day he came in smiling, with a letter and some oranges. "I went ashore at Memphis,"' he explain el, '"and found a letter from Sister Annie: 'They're looking for me home." \- "We'll soon be in Pennsylvania again, Jack."' " He looked me'full in the:face and smiled. His eyes seemed very large, and his chesks _were bloodles,. It sadidened, me to look at him. - "I muist go now," said h'. 'IT hope you'll enjoy the orangei." :- :. I was mending fast, and texpected to be out very sooni. Jack did n6t come again that day,. Next morning the cook brought me a cup of .tea. "Where is Jack ?"I'asked, - "Busy.": I thought of him all day, but he did not come, - "Cook," said I, at last, "I want you to tell me the truth about Jack." " Don't you fret 1" he answered. "But I must know." . "Well. he's not able to be about," "Where is he '" S"In No. 8. :But you can't go near him; he's got thefever! Delirious I Wouldn't know his own moth-r 7" " Who's nursing Lim '" " I-am-what littld he gets. We can't make a hospital out of the Charley Roberts. '" Cook tried to: stop me, but I staggered across the cabin into No. 8. Icould hardly recognise Jack as he lay on the bunk, his face wai so flushed and his eyes so blood. Sshot. He had diopped down, too weak to take his clothes off. I took his hand and sat beside him. "Jack, my boy, what's wrone." "Nothing, Sam," Ja;lc never said much. He was better at Sdotlug than saying. I looked at the poor: fellow in despair. I had never nursed a sick person in my life. The captain came in while [ sat there. " We must have a doctor, captain,'" said I. " Might as well want a gold mine," he re plied. "Butt look at Jack, captain. What can we do ?" • "I don't know." " Sam," said Jack, looking at me with a strange expression, "you know my sister Annie?" "Certainly, Jack." "I want:you to tell her' about me." "You will soon see her, Jack." " No, Sam ) I'm going." "We're both going home." "Yes, going home. I'm tired ! Tired I" " Then rest, Jack. I shall be here." " Take my hand, Sam." "I: have your ihand, my boy. Try to sleep."_ "Yes," he went on, pointing, "there's Annie at the door. She looks more and more'like mother as she grows older. She's glad to see me, from the way she smiles." " Indeed she is, Jack." "That's Sam's voice he got over the fever well. I believe I had it, too. Hear old Point barking at the gate; he's most as glad as Annie to see me back. Ah, Sam, it's good to be back in Pennsylvania-God's country ! Annie ! Annie !" He fell back in a stupor, with his eyes set. I felt a spasm pass through his frame, after which his hand lay in mine like a life less thing. ' I looked up questioningly at the captain. "God help him ! He is dead." \- Oh surelatnot 1" - . "'Dead " be repeated. Only when I bent over him did I believe it. Jack was dead. "He died working for others," said the captain and in lieu of better words these must stand -for his epitaph." - I can ;only tell, Jack's story in a; plain. ,way. I cannot fill your eyes with tears as Smine are'filled, as there is no art behind my words. You read of good men-unselfish and heroic men that poets sing of and hit torians immortalise-but here there was one that nobody. ever heard of. Who was there to read a funcral sermon over him in a lonely place on the river bank next day? Who prayed over the rough pine box i Not a prayer, not a hymn at the funeral; only some tears that came of genuine grief. We left him there on the river bank with a piece of driftwood to make his grave, which the next flood would sweep away. I found a little flower grbwing there-a violet, I think, which I brought away for Annie. Jack was as homely a man as ever you saw, a big raw-boned fellow, with a twinkle of the eye'that made one laugh. Had you been hunting for a man of polish and educa tion you would not have picked him out. His head had not been cultivated at the ex pense of his heart. He used strong lan. guage sometimes when a rope got tangled or the" pumps worked hard, or :the coff e didn't suit -him. I am not trying to picture him as p-rfect; I want you to know him as he was. His voice in a sick room was as gentle as a child's; he had a big, tender heart, kindlier than most women have, and a hand that served a friend until ready to drop from weariness. I remember him as he bent over me while I lay helpless with fever, a kindly light beaming in his, face that beautified it. I learned then how un selfish he was, and my heart went out to him, as yours would have gone had you known him. This was Jack at his best. American Paper. 