rpHE LORD'S OWN SALVA- j. mtoir. Bv C. H. Sturgeon. 4 But I will have mercy upon the house of Judah, and will save them by toe Lord tlieir God, and will not save them by bow, nor by sword, nor by battle, by horses, nor by horsemen.' — Hosta i, 7. Ood is very considerate towards the messengers by whom he delivers liis word to men. They are bound to deliver His word faithfully, whatever the tidings mav be. Sometimes the burden of the Lord is very heuw. The prophets have to denounce woe upon woe, "with terrible monotony of threatening ; and then : it is that God hastens to relieve them by giving a : eracious word, so that they may refresh their hearts, j and not be altogether crusiied beneath their load We j have an instance here of the Lord's care for His j heralds. Hosea was bound to say, in the name of | the Lord, ' I will no more have mercy upon ti e house ; of Israel ; but I will utterly take them away;' but j when he had said that, with heavy heart and tearful i eve, he was allowed to add. 4 But I will have mercy ! upon the house of Judah.' The Lord will not Jet our j spirit fail beneath a burden winch is all of grief; but He will grant us the l.i rh privilege of proclaiming- grace, as well as publishing judgment. Dear ; brethren in Christ, if you have to preach God's >vord, i preach it faithfully, and abate no syllable of its stern j ihrea teiiings. Woe unto him who is, a: r.i id to preach j llic ten ors of the Lord I Woe unto "the man who re- j fuses to put his hand into the bitter box, and take out j the wormwood and gall which make such salutary "j medWne for the souls of men ! We must at times j speak lightning, and prove ourselves sons of thunder, j "We must bring on the stoim end tempest in the heart j of man. if fair summertide flit- coursing w.ll not touch j them. Tor the most, of men there is no going to i Ilea veu except bv Weeping Cross : and we must drive them that way with God's thundering sentences of \ iudgment. Let us lead them by the path of sorrow j i o the Man of Sorrows, sorrowing ourselves because it I is so hard to bring them to a godly sorrow. It is at j our sours peril that we allow a wanting to lie silent, j 4 If the watchman warn them net, they shall perish; i but then- blood will 1 require at the wa teaman's I lianas.' Let us think of that, and give ourselves up ! to oui- Master's work, even when it is heaviest, | cheered bv the fact that we have to speak of such e-lorious ' truths, such precious premises, such .1 I arseious Christ, such a free sal vat o.i, such fr 1. pardon for the very chief of sinners, suek abundant help for those that have no strength, such fatherly ! compassion to those that axe out of the way. Our I hemes of joy by far outweigh our topics of grief, and we lind the Lord's service a happy one. The connection of our text suggests the thought that there is a limit to the long-suffering of Chid. He bade Hosea say, 4 1 will no more have mercy upon Israel.' Ho had borne with that guilty people very long, and overlooked their daring crimes ; but He would do so no longer; He would give them over to the enemy, who would carry them quite away, so that I srael as a distinct monarchy should cease to be. O my hearers, God is very gracious, but his fspirit shall not always strive with you. A little more sin, and you may "be over tim boundary, and Ood may give you i;r. .Slay, I pray you 1 Do not further provoke. Kopent. and turn unto the Lord w ith full purpose of heart. Having made that observation, I would make another, namely, that the Lord makes distinctions among guilty men according to the sovereignty of his gracer 4 1 will no more have mercy upon the house of Israel ; but I will have mercy upon the house of .Judah.' Had not Judah sinned too : Might, not tie Lord have given up Judah also 1 Indeed he might justly have done s >, but He delightcth in mercy. Many sin, and righ eously bring upon themselves the punishment due "to sin : they believe not in Christ, and die in their sins. But God has merry, according t > the greatness of his heart, upon multitudes who could not be saved on any oilier footing but that of undeserved mercy. 'Claiming His royal light He says, 4 1 will have mercy on whom I will Lave mercy"' The prerogative of mercy is vested in the sovereignty of God : that prerogative he exercises. He gives where He pleases, ncd He lias a right to do so. since none have any claim upon Him. We are all under "FTis rule, and by that rule we are under con demnation ; and if He should leave us there, it would be strictly just; but if any be saved it is an act of pure, undeserved grace, for which He is to have all the praise. Note, too, that even in the darkest times, when whole nations go astray from him, he still reserves unto himself a people. 4 1 will no more have mercy upon the bous? of Israel ; but I will have mercy upon the House of Judah, and will save them.' God will have a people even when those who are called His people prove unworthy of the name. There never was a night, so dark but that God bad a star shining through its blackness. There never was a deseit so " drear but God could lead a people through it, and make the wilderness rejoice. There never shall be a time in which Christ will not have a remnant accord ing to the election of grace, who will maintain His ti-uth and the honour of His name. Let us be com forted by this, and look for brighter and better times, however dark the days may seem to be just now. 'Lod will save his own, and by His own will keep liis glory brightamocg men. But now the text brings us to consider this fact, i hat God will save His own people in His own way. He tells us- nositivelv how- He will save the house of Judah, and negatively how He will save them. 4 1 will have mercy upon the house of Judah, and will save them by the lrd their God. and will not save them by bow, nor by sword, nor by battle, by horses, nor by hoi semen.' Goil displays his sovereignty not only in the persons saved, but in the ways whereby t hat salvation is wrought out. The point which we shall consider is God's way of saving His people, as instanced in the text ; and we remark, firs1:, that oftentimes God puts visible means aside in dealing with His people; 'Not by bow, nor by sword, nor by battle, by horses, nor by" horsemen.' fciec-ondly, He has good reasons for doing this ; He acts with infinite wisdom. Thirdly, tln-re is a gospel in this, a gospel which has special relation to us. Oh, for a blessing from the Spirit of the Lord ! First, then, God is pleased very often, in working salvation, to put means aside. He said of Israel, 4 1 will break the bow of Israel in the valley of Jezreel.' He thus struck out of the hands of His "people their only defence ; they had trusted in their bow, and the Lord destroyed it. First, the Lord does this in the work of salvation by grace. Salvation is of the Lord alone. Salvation is not of human merit, for there is no such thing. Plenty of demerit you can find anywhere and every where, but of merit there is none. 'When we have all done, we are unprofitable servants ; we have done no more than it was our duty to have done.' But we have not done all. Alas ! on the contrary we have dor. c those things w dch we ought not to have done; an J we have left undone the things which we ought to hive done, and there is no health in us. Li our- pelves we have neither health, help, nor hope. We are not, we cannot be, saved by our works. We d « - miss the idea with an honest indignation, each one of us for himself. Neither are we saved by any good dispositions which lie dormant and latent within us, for there are no such t ungs. There is none good, no not one. The heart is, in every ease, deceitful, and desperately wicked. Who can bring a clean thing out of an unclean? Not one. Hour salvation depended upon our hear Is going after God _ of themselves, and the motions of our nature ascending towards the Most High of themselves, it would be a hopeless case. But divine grace waiteth not for man, neither tarrieth for the sons of men. When we were yet without strength, in due time Christ died for the ungodly. You hath He quickened, who w> r ; dead in trespasses and in sins.' The first movement is from God to us, not from us to God. As soon e vpect the darkness to create the day as expect the sinner to turn his own heart to the Lord. We are saved by the Lord's grace, n -tb y our works, nor by our feelings, nor by our desires, nor even by our sense of need. I believe it is one object of Godbi nfinite wisdom i i each individual case to make this doctrine clear to the understanding and the heart. Certainly it is one object of every faithful ministry. We p- e \eh down Hie creature and preach up the Saviour. Yet preacll as we may, self-righteousness is so natural to man, self- trust is so congenial to our proud imbecility, that we cannot get it out of men till the Holy Spirit comes. Every man his own Saviour is the kind of doctrine which is popular ; but lo set aside our own doings is to offend many. I see before me a picture which was once before the mind »f 1 saiah. Our nature seems like a rainbow-coloured field of grass in the early days of summer. The pilden kingcups are intermingled with flowers of very hue. What a luxuriant garden! "Wait & moment 1 A wind comes— a hot sirocco burns its . deadly way. Vfhe grass witheijth, the flowerfadeth: because the Spirit of the Lord bloweth u'gonit ; surely the people is ; grass.' 8o bave .we Been men glorious in their own sclf-rigliteousness, boastful of their moral purity, and we have half thought, surely there is something in all this ! We walk over the same field after the wither! work of the Holy Ghost has- been there, and inen have been convinced of sin, and we see nothing but disappointment, and hear nothing but confession of failure. We see no flowers, hut dead, withered grass. How soon has the glory departed! The comliness of the field is. passed away as in the twinkling of an eye ! You cannot have forgotten, some of you, when this i'rihle self- withering happened to you. When I God s rebukes corrected you, .your, beauty passed away as the mcth. Before I was instructed 'as to my self I thought myself as good a fellow, as could be found within fifty miles; but when -the Spirit of God had revealed me to myself, I thought myself - the basest creature within five hundred miles; or, for the matter of that, even outside or inside of bell itself. You may, perhaps, have seen a picture ! h-awn bv a cupning artist-. It represents a lady, very : fair and beautiful to look upon ; but the . iclure is s j I contrived that vou distover underneath it .the form of ! death. That "v h cu appeared outwardly so- lovely is j only a veiled skc e':on. Just that kind of change the I Spir t of iGod makes tipon our moral beauty : he turns j it ii t ccrruption by making us see what we really aie. The bones of the skeleton of depraved nature ! stand out through the proud flesh of our self- | righteous pride. Then we c- y to God for mercy. | Tlien we g ve up all idea of saving ourselves. Neither bow, nor sword, nor hcrse, nor horsemen, are -any longer our confidence. T be weapons of our self-heip are looked upon by us as weapons of rebellion— and tl cy really are so ; and we throw them away, and will have nothing further to do with them, 'Ihe man upon whom there is found a bad coin is very earnest in de- | elaring that.it is none ot his, somebody -must ba\e I fi-'pi el it into his pocket He will not own it. A little J M hiie ago he thought to himself; 'What a splendid initiation it is ! How well I have cheated the Queen ! Self-righteousness is nothing but a piece of counter- : feit coin : and when all goes weT with us, e say, | 4 How well I have done it ! How splepdid is my I righteousness 1 But whea the Spirit of God arrests ! us, then we are anxious to get rid of t e very thing, i wherein we gloried. "What was our righteousness we I reckon to be as filthy rags — and we reckon according | to truth. Thus God saves us, not by biw, nor by I sword , nor by battle, nor by norses, nor by hors<-meu, j but by his gra.ee, which comes to us freely when Jesus i is made of God unto us wisdom, righteousness, sancti- j fication and redemption. I It is so iu the actual salvation of men, and it is I often so in their ca ling to this salvation. Was any j man ever converted in the way in which he expected to | be ? I hardly tliihk so. I know what you thought | would happen": at least I know what many export. I They look for an interesting incident. They suppose, j perhaps, that they will-have a very wonderf ul dream ; ; or that, going to hear a minister, there will be some- i tiling very striking in the sermon which will alarm or | depress them, so t hat they will be tempted to commit | suicide, or do some other outrageous thing. Possibly, on the other hand, they half expect that there will I happen a sudden death in the family, or sickness i upon many, and that so they will be impressed ; or, | possibly, like, Martin Luther with his friend Alexis I they may be walking out in a thunder-storm, and | Alexis will be killed, and t hey will be aroused in that j- way. I, myself, always looked for some-thing very re markable, but it did not come to me. And yet some- j thing happened which was more remarkable than the I most rem irkablc thing would have been : I simply j heard the gospel command, 4 Look unto me, and be ye saved.' I looked, and I lived ; and that is all the story I have to tell you. Dear hearer, that is all the story, very likely, you wiil never have to tell. You have come in here to-night, and perhaps you have even desired that something very wonderful may take place. Nothing of the sort may happen, and yet the infinite mercy of God may visit your Heart and sweetly melt it. Or ever you are aware, you may say to yourself — I do believe, I will believe, That Jesus died for me ; and, on a sudden, that change will come over you which you have so often "heai d— by no means the physical change wiii< h you have Icoked for, the ex travagant delirium ot sorrow struggling with delight- You will simply drop into the arms of Christ, and rest in His great sacrifice, and final peace. That will be all. You will not be saved by bow, nor by sword, nor by battle, nor by horses, nor by horsemen, but by a simple trurt- in the Lord alone. "What more do you want ? What more can yon hope to receive I I feel very grateful to God whenever a person attri butes his conversion to me. I feel both honoured and humbled. But if you are brought to the Lord Jesus, and no woid of mine shall be used, but only that still small -vo ce which speaks in solemn silence to the heart , I snail be equally pleased, so long as you are saved. If hungry souls receive the bread of heaven, I will n it fret beca use they took it from some othe hand than mine. Oh, that, even now the Lord Himself might come like the dew which falls in its own special way, and may He refresh your hearts unto eternal life, and fulfil this word: 'I will save them by the Lord their God, and will not save them by bow", nor by sword, nor by battle, by horses, nor by horsemen.' Jn the next place, the same thing s true with re gard to the pregress of re'igion, and the work of revivals. Let ev« r man work as he feels called to do, provided he follows the r ales of his Lord ; but we Lave seen revivals of which it was said at the first, ' We will get up a revival.' Revivals can be got up, but are they worth the trouble ? Wiat has been the end of them all ! A few years after, the result, where is it ? I hear an echo say, ' "Where is it V I cannot tell you what hasbeeome of it: in many cases I fear that the disappointed church has become hard to" stir than it was before. Brethren, I hopefully believe that there will soon ecme a deep, widespread, lasting revival of religion, and it may be it will come just as it used to in apostolic times. "How did they act in Jerusalem ? What did they do throughout Asia Minor? What was the apostles' plan ? I cannot find, for the life of me, that they did anything else but- preach the gospel, while at the. > ame time" they went from, house to house, and held meetings for prayer; and thus the kingdom of Christ came. They did not work up a reviva-, but they prayed it down. They simply waited upon the Lord in supplication and service. Ti ey might have tried other plans had they been -so unwise as to think of them. They would never Lave tolerated the dodges of the present period, the adap tations of the gospel, and the degrading of it, by secular lectures, entertainments, and so forth. They never dreamed of keeping abreast of the times with liberal philosophical teaching ; but I recollect that Paul was so resolutely ignorant as to say, 4 1 deter mined not to know anything among you, save Jesus Christ, and him crucified.' Standing≪ together the chosen preachers of the first days could aver — 4 We preach Christ crucified.' They could all say that, and say it emphatically. All the men of the college of the apostles stuck to that theme; and see the effect! - '' Nations,, the learned and the rude, Were by these heavenly aims subdued, While Satan raging at his loss, Abhorred the doctrine of the cross. I wish all the churches would try this old way again, for it seems to me that the world will never be subdued to "Chiisf. by the wooden swerl of reason, but only by the true Jerusalem blade of a gospel re vealed from heaven. Unt 1 we take up such methods as our Lord has ordained, and make our sole confi dence to be in the Lord our God, who will not save by bow, nor by sword, nor by battle, by horses, nor by horsemen,"' we shall never see great results. Grand preaching, fine preacbing, eloquent preach- iug ! Yes ; but the apostle was afraid of it, lest the faith of his converts should stand in the wisdom of of an oratorjhe did -not use tlie wisdom of words, lest the cross of Christ slould be of hone effect. ' But, surely,' cries one, we must have some ad vancement in theology. We ought to know tmore than our fathers did.' This is the pride of our hearts. Would you advance beyond the apostles ? Into what can you advance but into the diteh of error ! " They did not crave foran advance in the apes to" ie times ; but they were satisfied to speak over again all the words of this life.' They remained tree to the 4 faith once for all delivered to the saints, and they found1 salvation in this primitive revelation. Why should we go gadding elsewhere ? Depend upon it God will not save men by advanced thought, nor by eloquent discoursing, nor by literary beauties ; He 4 will save them by the Lord their God, and will not save them by bow, nor by sword, -nor by battle, by horses, nor byihb3S?fthat Hie same great truth -"ft be made apparent as to the establishment of thec-nth of God in this island. How my soul has been burdened vrith the many that have turned aside, ana the few that remain faithful to the covenant God of Israel! These last are not s r very few as some would make tfceai out to be, but yet they are sadly scant in number. God bas reserved unto himself seven thousand that have not bowed their knee to Baal. Oh, that there were a \- thousand limes as many But we have striven with all bur might to bear our spoken tfestimony for the old faith, and wehave hopt fully thought that many world rally to cry ; but it is not so, nor, perLaps, is it God's mind that it should be. Men of eminence have held their tongues, and brethrenonce ardent for the gospel have practically gone over to the enemy. I am sure that the Lord will cobfoufid tbe adversary." and bring forth his truth as the noonday? but it may not be as we would suggest. He has his own way ; let us watch for him to make bare his arm. Perhaps those . who are faithful must stand alone, must bear their witness in solitary p'aees, and be the objects of .gene ral derision. Perhaps for many a year the heavenly fire will only smoulder amidst the ashes. But it is ail right ; truth shall hold t e crown of the causeway yet, and Christ's own word shall lift its head from'the waves that have washed over it, and be the 'fairer for the washing.;, for the truth hath God's might with it, and it must prevail. He wiil save them by the Lord their God, and will not save them by bow, nor. by sw«rd. nor by battle, bylorsds, nor by horsemen.' We. must be' con- t nt to subside; to be nothing; to be never heard of ; to die. So be "it if the truth sl-all live. This will be better than if we formed a numerous band, ani carried eyerythingbv maj orities , and set up a strong pairtv,<and:won the day ; for then man m=®ht be great, and God be forgotten, bi t now He shall be all id all. When you have seen how I fail, and those that are with me, and how plans and efforts are futile, you will all the more clearly see what the Lord con do. De: r friends, I would make one other application of these .words, and I trust it may be profitable to you. The text has a voice to God's people in the day of trouble. I may be ad'ressing godly people who' are in mo.-fc terrible distress. You have faith in God that he will b.ing you out of your affliction. Main tain that faith ; and if for a long time no t e'.iverance should come, still maintain it. Perhaps you have hopes from a certain quarter. Those h< pas may come to noth ng ; that cistern wifl leak. You nave another friend to whom. you can apply. . Yes, von can apply ; , that is all that will happen, for that tank holds no water. When you hare tried all the cisterns, be wise ; enough to recollect the fountain, It may be tfcatii there will come a day when every door will be fast closed, and you will see no way of -relief whatever; i but bethink you that then there will remain the que ' way, which you should have followed at the first. In such an hour let my text speak with you: ' He will save them by the Lord their G id, and He will not save them by bow, nor by sword, nor by battle, by horses, nor by horsemen.' "What a glorious vision is that of Jehovah alone with His onn right Hand getting to Himst-lf the victory. "When Inael came out of Egypt, what am ies vanquished Pharaoh ? "Who fought on Israi I s side to bring them out of Egypt ? Nobody. Then there was no human victor to extol, no human warrior to praise ; but clear and plain the hymn rang out — 4 Sing unto the Lord, for he hath triumphed gloriously.' If there had been an ally with God the glory might have been divided; but it was tue Lord alone was exalted in that day. When Israel fought with Amalek it is evident that the battle never depended upon their fighting, for — "While Moses stood with arms spread wide, Success was found on Israel's side ; But when through weariness they failed, That moment Amalek prevailed !' so tint the real fighting was done by those uplifted hands that brought down the divine success and made Joshua mighty in the battle. When Israel crossed the Jordan, and came into the promised land to fight . the Canaanites," the very first onquest was that of Jericho. Did they bring battering-rams to the w alls ? Did they gradually throw down the structure with tLe'r axes and picks ! Oh, no ! they compassed the city seven days, and God made the walls to fall when the people gave a shout. In the memorable deliverances of God's people, God has said to the second cause, 'Stand back; let my giory come to the front.' The bow, the sword, the battle, the horses, and the h< rsemen, he has seat them all about their business; and then the Lord their God has led the van, and his enemies have been scattered like the dust- of the threshing- floor. when he takes up the quairel of his covenant He makes short work of it, for ' the Lord is a man of war ; Jehovah is His name and when He lays bare His arm to defend the cause of His people, He wants no helpers. Now can you lean on the I ord ? Can you grasp the Invisible" I Can you lean alone on God, and forego all helpers ? Can you grasp His bared arm, and let all things else go 1 O man of God, if tlioiicanst, thou shalt glorify God, and thou shalt surely be de livered ! If thou must have thy bow and thy sword, or eLse give up hope, then the battle rests with thyself. How canst thou plead thepromise of God ? Butwhen thouputtest the bow aside, andtheswordishungonthe wall, then eantt thou go to Him who is better to thee than bow and sword, and rest in Him, and He will work gloriously, so that His own name shall be mag nified, and thou shalt be blessed. I pray the Holy Spirit to apply that truth to any heart here that is heavy by i eason of sore conflict at this time. Oil. for grace to rest in the Lord and wait patiently for Him, for in His own time and way He will work, and none shali hind< r Him. So much upon "our first point, that oftentimes God puis the means aside in dealing with His people. II. But now, secondly. God has good reasons for this. I shall very briefly touch upon tlr's theme. The Lord If full of wisdom, and His doings are ever prudent. He always has good rem o is for every thing, but one of the things we should never do is, to ask His reasons. It is an unreasonable thing to ask God to give reasons for what He does. His answer to aiTogant questioners is — 'May I not d) as I will with My ovn?' Oh for grace to be silent where God is silent ! Is He not God, and we worms of the dust ? Who sliall presume to ask ; Him why or what He do-:s Better fartosay.' It is the Lord, let H m do what seemeth "Him trood.' If H never gave us a reason for what He did, we ought to be well content to leave all with Him, knowingthat H i must do that which is best and wisest. But, so far as in humility we may dareTolOok, we have looked, and we believe that the lord's, ways are intended, first, to prevent all boasting. How prone we are to self-esteem ! How wickedly we rob God to hoDour ourselves j If God uses us — if God uses any sort of means— yet there is no credit to the means which He uses, but to Himself only. I read the other day of a certain writer who says, 'I wrote the four hundred pages of this book with one pen.' Where is that pen? Does anybody want it? If it were advertised as an exhibition. I should not go to see it. I care a deal more for the hand that wrote, and for what was written, than for the pen with which it was written. A common goose-quill it was in the case referred to, and no more. Ah, how plainly can we see where the quill came from ! God uses men for a certain purpose, as we use a hammer, or a saw, or a gimlet. Suppose that when we had dono with such tools, and put them back into the box, they all begin to cry, 4 See what we have done ! What- a sharp saw I was ! What a heavy hummer I was ! Did I not hit the nail on the head V Such boastings would be foolishness. Shall the axe boast itself against- him that hewetli therewith ? We do not judge that the instrument ought to take credit to itself ; but it does so in our case whenever it can. and this is a great injury to us. Some of us might have enjoyed a much larger blessing if we bad not grown" top- heavy with the blessing we already enjoyed. God saved a soul or two by you, my dear friend, and you began to rub your hands, and think that you were something better than an angel, You were running away with God's glory, and thus ending your own in fluence. Often this is the cause of the drying up of hopeful usefulness. The instrument began to exalt itself, and so the Lord put up the biw, the sword, the horses and the horsemen, and then all the" men saw what powerless things these were. Oh, that the Lord may never feel compelled to leave yon and me to our selves ! Oh. that he may deign to honour us by using us to His glory. I had fax rather die than stand a withered tree in the vineyard of the Lord, and yet, what better should I be if He withdrewthe dew of His grace from me ? Next, he does this to take us, off from all reliance upon second cautes and outward mwuis. You people of Gcd, the process of weaning is, with you, full often a long and tedious one ; 1 u4, if ev< r it is accomplished, your faith will rejoice, even as Abraham made a great feast at Isaac's weaning. My dear hearers, some of you are not saved yet, and I wil Icell you what happens with many of you. You come, here on Sabbath days, and to Monday prayer- meetings, and Thuisday sir rices, and I am glad to see you. You also read your Bibles ; I am glad of that. You say a thing you call & prayer: I do not know whether I am glad about that. But I will toil you what you are doing. You are making yourselves quite comfortable, as if by some singular process, sal vation would insensibly penetrate you by your being found in good company, _ hearing tl e Woid, and so on. Let me- remind you that these things were never prescribed as the' way of sal vation. I do not wont you to run away from hearing the "Word, or frtpn the use of the means ; but I do want to assure you that, if you trust in these means, you will be disappointed in the result. These are mere pitchers, hut they will not qveach your thirst if there is no water in them. Look to God, not to your minister. Get to. Jesus Himself rather than to the sacred Book. Remember how the Saviour puts it — for this is not a wrested reading— 4 Ye search "the Scriptures, for in them ye think ye have eternal life ; but ye will not come to Me that ye might have life. Pass bsyond the Scriptures to the Christ. whom toe Scripture 3 reveal. Do not stay in the porch of ihe Word, but enter the house ot the truth itself, which is Cbrjst Jesus. ' It is not singing hymns' and saying prayers ; it is getting to the Lord in praise ajqd j eaily coming to Christ in prayer. I wish you not to stay away fromany of the services ; I wish yon to be where the means may be blessed to you ; but the means ot" themselves cannot save you. There fe nothing in preaching— there is nothing in public service that cih mecfianicallybiing solvation to you, and do not expect it. Ye must be bom again !' -You must distinctly go to Gorist for yourselves, for -he Lord saves meii by the Lord Jesus Christ," and He will not save them by books, and prayer-meetings, and seimons any more than He would save Judah by the bow, the sword, the battle, the horses, and the horsemen. The " Lord set aside horse and horsemen- to bring the people to Himself ; and often He lays people up so that they cannot get out to hear the minister, or he drafts them away to some portion of the country where they "get no- sermon, that then they may go to the God of all true sermons, and may find salvation in Jeet» Christ Him self. Aga in, beloved, the Lord blesses His people Him self that He may endear Himself to them. H-e re veals Himself to them apart from other things, that- they may jsee Him and know what He can do. You do not ImoW to the full what God can do so long as He keeps within the bounds of the ordinaty means, or you feel that you are well provided for by ordinary methods. You are apt to f orget that God provides for you, because your quarterly allowance is received so regularly. Now, suppose teat your business fails. Ah ! t:ien God must, provide for you : then you will see what God . is doing. Suppose that, instead of being in one place, you should be 1 Li e I about like a football, and still the Lord should give you rest in . Himself : then you wiilsee whatEeean do. When weare in line feather, and everybody "js kind to us, we hardly know the lovingkindness of tlie Lord, it is s > Bmothered up by secoadary agencies. "When we get quite alone, and nobody is kind to us, and- we ap proach to tue Lord in solitary trust, .and prove His power to comfort us, tihen we know more of what He" is in Himself to His -; people. The night reveals the stars, and sorrow and loneliness manifest the Lord's : presence. But, beloved, God does this to ehdear Hiuuelf to us, that seeing more of Him we may love Him moi e, and may say to ouiseives, 4 What a gracious God He is to take net'ee of to interpose forme, to come and, by His own mighty power, do for me what the ordinary ways and means fail to do "' Iu this way also the Lord often gives a double blessing — a blessing in the gift and alilessicsr in the way of. giving. , Now look at Hezekiali's ease. Supposing Hezekiah had gone out to fight Sennacherib, and had defeated him, a certain number of the inhabitants of Jerusalem would have been killed in the battle ; but when the | Lord delivered Hezekiah without a-batt-le, then there j were no funerals in Jerusalem. Nobody was wounded; i nobody was slain. So frequently God not only ! ble- s :s us by the iavour given, but by the way in j which the gift is sent; He saves from pains which any ether method would have involved. The Lord' often spares us the humiliation of feeing dependent upon a person who would have made His patronage bitter to us. if we had received the blessing through some great one, he might have crowed over us all the rest of his life. I like ti &t; bit in Abraham's life when the King of Sodom offered him t ic property I which he had captured. Abraham had r ight to it, ! for he had taken it in war ; but he said, I will not take from a thread to a shoe-latchet, lest thou shouldest say, I have made Abram rich.' No, no ; the servant of the Lord would not have a long talk as if he had been the maker of the Lord's own servant. God Himself will so help you, so bless vou, so carry you through, that you shall not have to" take off your hat to any long of Sodom, neither shall he be able to go up and down the city and say, 'I have made Abram lien.' God will put the king of Sodom away with the horses and horsemen, and double the mercy to you by handing- it out with His own hand afterHis own way. I think t'nat the Lord does this also to encourage you in all future troubles; He Las rescued you in a way beyond means, without means, and even against means, and therefore you cannot be in a condition irim which He will be unable to rescue you. If you should come to be more friendless and more feeble than you are now — whatthen ! Are your resources within yourself or dependent upon friends ? If so, you are in an evfl case. But if all your supplies are in the Lord, you are no worse off than you used to be. When the Lord strips you bare of your owm garments, then you can go to his wardrobe and put on toe raiment which He has provided. You cannot wear God's dothes while you glory that you are wearing your own. When want has swept your table, then all the bread on it will come from your God. When the Lord has brought you down to the bare reek, then you can go no lower, and there is a chance to bpild . a. house which will stand against flood and wind. Be reliant upon Him who can work by means, but can equally w ell work without means whenever it- seemeth good in His sight ! In such con fidence you .will find curity-agauist all illweathers. The Lord changes not, ana therefore you s iall not be consumed. HI. My time is done, or else I was going to say, thirdly, there is a gospel in this text for those here present. I can only hint at this in a few words. The first gospel is that salvation is possible in every case. Notice, 4 1 will save them.' What can stand Against a Divine 4 1 will V- With God nothing is impossible. If there be nothing to help Him, what does it matter ? He does not need help. He ex pressly abjures the: i 1 of acreature when Hesays, ' I will II of CQ VO f bom Vin bivwr IT AAA ii-v 1/ k1"' ' bU\\.Ul WJ MGlT f UOi Uj nn VIIU) Alvl Uj UfvvulCf by horses, nor by horsemen.' My dear hearer, whoever you may be, there is hope in your ease ; if God saves, then you can be saved. If you had to save yourself, you would not be saved ; but as there is nothing wanted of you, but God worketh salvation with His own right hand, your case is hopeful. How clear is this ! And how bright with comfort ! Next, salvation is to be sought of God alone. Do not go wandering about to the second causa. Go straight to the Lord Himself, and go at once. Straightforward is the best running in ihe world. Go straightforward to your Gcd, your Saviour. Let there be no waiting for tears, feelings, repentance, sanctificatlon, or anything else ; but arise at once and go to your God, and for Christ's sake plead with Him to have mercy upon vou at this moment. As salvation does not necessarily come through the outward means, if I address any here who have neglected the outward means, let them come away to God at once, though they have neglected His courts, profaned L i ? day, and despised His ministers. You came in here with no idea of worshipping God, but only just to see the place, and what- the preacher is like. -Never mind,- look to the Lord Jesus Christ straight away ! With those eyes that are so blinded, look ! If you cannot see, it may be that in your obedient attempt to look, the Lord will give you sight. He does not command you to sec, but He does command you to look to Him. and be saved : so that, if vou turn-your eyes towards Jesus, though they be sightless eyeballs', He will make them see. If you will trust in Christ you may cast your guilty soul on Him at this moment. Why should you not do so ? Then for you the rain will be over and gone, and you will see the bright light in the clouds. Instead < f the dark and dismal winter of doubt, you shall have a summer time of hope and comfort. "These dreary weeks of cold despair shall give place to a season in which heaven and earth shall blend in your experience in a joy unspeakable. The Lord grant it, for Jesus Chr m ,'s sake I Amen. 