THEATRICAL GOSSIP. —Theatre lioyal. " Merchant of Venice." —Alexandra Theatre. Solomoo'e Qpora Company. —l'rjocess' Theatre. " Ijittlo 3 ord Paunlleroy." —Opera House. *' lioyal Guard." —Koyal Museum. A Host of Novelties. —Exhibition. "Congress of WouderB." —Atbcnrcum. General and Mrs. Mite. —St. George's HaU. Kennedy, —Cyclorauia. Battle of Waterloo. —The Pipk Coloured Singers m route for India. —The Haby Boom is a big thing iu the colonies, —\Vfl.nicr(Billy) Bays he's going to take an hotel. —Miss Julia Featherstone is seriously ill iu F/tKroy. —Boxing night is to he devoted to Bland Holt Brisbant-iug. —Magiciau Canaris (Lho Greek Wizard) has taken to hairdruFBiug. —Ten thoosaud pnoplo alone earn a living by music iu the city of New York. —Katie Putnam is billed to open up in "Frisco at the end of the present month. —>Jjss JfeJJjoStcw&rt; is to figure as Prince in the Royal pantomime of "Cinderella" this year. —Arthur Vivian la as on tho whole been pretty well successful during hie New Zealand tour. —Tregaski, nuothor conjuror, is about to devote himself to spirits aud is lookiug around for an hotel. —A presentation of a leather medal to the champion liar of a. company lately doing Sew Zealand, is spoken Of. —The " Sultan of Moclia," tho next Alexandra attraction, is to he brightened up a little by appropriate locals. —Mr. Bob Kuowlos (well-known as a big favourite here iu the days of J.K. Kmmeti) is about to re-begin warbling. —"The Merchant of Venice" by the "Grand Double Compauy." Why, Ted Kussell'B two parts bappcued to be the only "grand double." —The Australian rights of the "Burglar" has been secured by the American manager, Grisuier. This should be a splendid " opcuiug " piece. —Frod. Maccabe opened at Auckland (lt.a— n ^ue.tc ei "' aB!iBtUd UJ ' -Frank Lincoln lias done splendid l,;7 «t A„„I.I aud will visit Dunedln durinB Ktbibition i ^ t a S with special arrangements made by Lohr! oa c o -Some of onr theatrical people wcro just cotir,-»t„ latmg themselves on the prospect of a season i, iff 1 "' with George Leitch. Theaflafr, bowevlr fs "ff ° bart —The Cogill Brothers, buck from their take possession of K; GeorR1yn HU. a "aiu aud in Melbourne on the Prince of Wales' Dirthuiglit' —RiuilySoiaonaiBonoor tho most valuable moniliiw. of tho Mestayer-Vaughau "Tourists'" Company a d[f as groat a favourite with the American boys as ever —"TJie Board of Health, Melbourne," SIIVB B„ Amcricau paper to hand, "refuse, in the iiilerrT.t ,?, public safety, to pormitthB llijou Theatre to bo rcliuili, the old site." News, el) - 111 / —In Miller's letter rack.—Charles Bruce® Williard, •• Alexander tbo Grftat," Frank lU-verlv rh». Washington, George Leitch, Harry Lyons, Pete HucW B , Taylor and Co., Frod Appletou. e '' -Johnny Toole is the saddest, though probablv tli« most auiusiug comedian alivo. Domestic allliction in the loss of wife, sou and daughter has clouded one of tin brightest ami happiest liven iu Ibo theatrical profession —During the New Zealand trip of the Vivians Mlu Marie Wilton played tbo leading lady (tbo ]ady |c(j the altar) at a wedding ceremony. She of courso thro® up her engagement, remaining behind with hZ husband. —A scone in liiwroaco Barrett's "G&nelon;" ropre. sents & battle field, witli several hundred automatic moving Azures ou foot aud on horseback. Forty fhouBaud dollars are said to have been expended upon the production. —It is estimated that the amount of "sugar" paid English pros, in America next season will reach a million dollars. We wonder what sum the English play-actor at present in Australia will receive is, say, the next twelve months. A tidy lump, we reckou. —Although Australians never could see anythingin him, Ioigo Tyrrell received excelleut recognition fro n the Boston Jfrrald for bis force as a inelo-draumljc actor. " His Natural Life " was quite successful there What pleases 'Alerica doesn't always please Australia anyhow. ' —The copyright law in Italy wast be a strong one, A well-known baritone singer, having sung a romanzainto the phonograph, now notifies the parties owuiDg it qot to produce it without paying him tho customary royalty under pain of prosocution. The point is a tine one nod will be tested in the courts. —Nate Salisbury, of tho Troubadours" (of whom many years ago Johnny Gourlay, now in Melbourne,^ oue), long back sold his interest in tho concern to Nellie M'Hcnery and Frauk Maeder. Salisbury now tbioke the job anything but a nate oue—that is to Bay, he has made up his mind to return to tho stage. —An aspiring youug Australian dramatist is now busily engaged upon his maiden effort, which is founded on fdet, mid entitled, " Buckley, the Wild White Man." Tbe reM water busiuesB is to ho introduced, the aborigiti≤ paddling about in cauoes. and one of the sene&tione; is to he a corroboreo of Australian Blacks. —During the week Jack Cfesarfcas been rushing Wilier and thitlior vaiuly searching for an agont. Wilson Forbes, with " most miraculous organ." proclaims the fact tbac be wauts " the best leading lady in AustralU." Ditto, Ned Holloway and tho tateDampier Compauy,aud still we're told that things are dull iu the profession. —fiiuco the Jewett-Policeman adventure the lauip-post actor* keep a wary eye on the nun of metallic figures, for fear that he (the coustable) wauts to " take a fall" out ot them. There's one consolation, however, they all have Geo. C. Miln's Hruuswick-streot address in their note-books. " Won t Milu hail you out?' i6 a etereotyiwd query now with tho foorcc. —Charles Arnold, in " Har»6 the Hoatman," stepped &t; onccinto popular favour at M'Vicker'e Theatre, CUicagn, on the 9th October, and received the endorsement o( both Press and public for his artistic performance of tbe good-uatured and lovable vagabond. Mr. Arnold's play aud his supporting compauy are already groutfavonrite!, and tho success of the American tour of "Hans the Doatman " eeems to he assured. —The recent accusation that Henry Irving felt so aggrieved at the treatment of American critics that he would not revisit that country, and tho magatfeeof opportunity to dony it at the expense of tbo AFSOCUICA Prc-Ep. formed one of the neatest and best ui&trtgod; advertising schemes that tbo records of tbo seneon exhibit. Mr. Irving advertises as well as he actsaadcan give Jobn liogers a few points in fine manipulation. —Col. William Cody was recently compelled to pa royalty on several pieces of music performed by fa' baud in the Wild West Show at the Paris KxpoeitioD; hut the weather is not cold enough in France T William to get left. He Euggested a " quiet game friendly draw/' and in the seductive mysteries of pok the officials reimbursed tbo groat American ecoot for tho royalties paid, leaviug a largo amount of maiifif' his bands as a fund for future infringements ot t' copyright law. —He entered one of onr Melbourne theatre?, bsri just returned from a sis months' trip from thecolooi Tilting bis bat back on biB bead, be gazed first in froo then around at each side, aud to the back of him. "Wba on earth iB tbo matter V" enquired a friund, alarm" -This! this!" he gasped, "is not the Sucb>&afctr; Theatre," at the same time waving his hand into spr no was eventually calmed down, when tbe zaas-i." being called explained that he bad only made necessary alterations, etc., tb\t from to time had Buggestea by tho Central Board of Health. -One of the audience at a recent production in " cray of "The Octoroou" (by the Metcalfe Company) completely oarried away. In tbe auction scene mounted the stage and begun bidding for Zoe. Every body atared, and took tbe iutruder to be asijuatterfrothe lial Lai district, a backer of Boz. a tbeatnci manager just returned from a couutry tonr.oreo other equally weaHbyindividual, judging by tber«k mauncr iu which he offered "Oh, any Mnwurt thousands" (money is too pleutiful in Fooucraj In the bidding be kuockod Jacob M'CJoeky oat iQ act. Ho was eventually persuaded to "come on. be COWG oflfed aud bad a set-to underneath tiie Fiualiy tlie couibatauts woro separated. —We have received a very longtby document^ J3inu Uajr, tbe firet part of the globe, that the Oollier-CtfWt-SiAcey Combination struck after leaving , 1/amp- post (i.e., tho corner of Jionrke and S* 4 *) 8 .. streets). Their big cards are " Haus the Boatman " Jiip Van Winkle." Young Hill iB well spoken ol in. title role of the former. Aa everybody kaofff.. veteran George Collier gives a splendid repress of u ltip." George is &n; actor to bis finger tip*, what be doesn't tnow&bout; theetago is scared)' while learning. Although " iu tbe zeoitb oj successtho Collier-cxm-Staceyites (wo learn justw are going to preS6) turn their faces homewards. —The Australian actors (according to a 'Frisco P» complain even more vociferously than tbuir A® brethren at the steady influx ot imported BCtor8, ,.uii cannot with justice blame tbe Americans wbogo Wf® country, for as a matter of fact we have tivoimj in the theatrical Jiue to their one; but tbeywf. bitterly against tbe English actors who country, as well as tbe Americans who Tent0 "jfl their dramatic field. Tbo American print then flJJS". weakly Melbourne paper to the effect that forerw actor employed there are three idle, and intMDM® a large percentage of tbo idJe on^s are third-rate s " a uuisauco to their friends, aud a bete w theatre." llubbisbl To Darckk User Haia,—Lockyer's Salj'bur ,. is the quickest, beat, safest, and cheapest, Large« Is. 8d Kvcrywhere. I from a priuti—'"Yesterday Mr. Charles 1 Mr Vivian's manager, took bis departure for ; f! maUe all necessary arrangements for tbe s opening that city. Tbe favourable irapresl,e leaves behind him will long bo remembered, PV cerial and businesslike aurnii eouricr we have a/ho pleasure of welcoming since tbe days of our , ond Pete Hughes. Tho host of smiling faces who P-hiuil'O" routine as tbe Takapuua left tbo wharf ^tffiCladdened Charley's heart. Our sincere wish way 600,3 Bee back another good ^ If imprcssarios were to study tbeir repred jittJo more on rioting New Zealand, tbeir 3 Srould be greatly cth meed." .hfi sfowawfty" has proved one of the most ir melodramas yet produced ou tbe American Tiro genuine and noted burglars are engaged, rack ft real safe, with real housebreaking iinplo- Kow hero's ati idea for either Dauipior or Milu, wiD Ihi* field to scoop tbe pool. Work up a big • "TUP Outbreak at Geelong Gaol,' aud engage icriaiiuftls- They'd have no dilllcultyiu securiug Mtaablo services of Messrs. 3«" , Ari < ell and OlarJr, liJi&t; tliey ai'o located closer to tbe Metropolis (i.r., CSa) tbey could slip out every eveuing, catch a Effjck tram, qot through at the theatre, and back liffliu "unbeknownst like," Besides (as was soeu &s;) FarroJl aud Clark always carry a latch key, hey'd' not diGturb auy of their fellow-lodgers, bed and Alfred, think it over. ['Poverty Poiut" writes:—" Dear Mr. PUNCH.—Just a ^ertwo. Perhaps it will be news for you to learn B Temperanco Hall Saturday night shows are by tender. l r or instance, I send in a tender ^waiucb I'll find the show for, give particulars Rfentertainment to be provided, etc. The cora- ISmeeton tbe Tuesday night aud tbeu decide wbat (yurdiy's bill will consist of. lu my communication dtion tbe names of the performers likely to assist Xerv good. 1 specially ulludo to Smith, a wellrt and popular actor, having, of course, gained bis at an3 arranged as to terms in the event of my ^coming off. Judge, however, of my surprise on line from other 'theatricals' that they've, too, I . their list containing Smith's name, although K®never opened tbeir mouth to Smith, fearful tbat ^plication may not come off. I ask you for your l 5ou fiir; is this tbe 'clean potato'?"' jit is not, as .af)the "clean potato,but Mr. Fergussou and the will drop to this little game ere loug, aud, ninpoti it, they'li right matters.—fin. PUSCB.I L ' l e u Sights" (as the grand temperance drama is NSiily called) has been exhumed once again. Never [jTbeeu eo well staged and strongly cast as on its last ttolion at tbe llussell-Btreet bouse of amusement. Xpiwebas always proved a pet with pro?., the beauty Kbeiaatliat no Shakespearian shapes,sbirtB,or brand- Tooderu wardrobes are 2-equired. On tbe contrary, |trouble, as a rule, is to tind " props.' old euougb. ^Raggeries'' would not be by any means a bad title, lies to tbe present company. In Bliss Howard we •Riyouug lady who will yet make aname for herself. fejjsriaii Wolvilleiean old Theatre Royal favourite. pepentlemeu tbere is George Melville, Reg. Roid, ,Sliith(wbobas never yet gone under in anjargument;, iSilem Scudder suit, Johnny O Netll (tbe slim adi&n;), Bob Vernon, the old reliable and letter per- Hozzy" (Musgrave),aud other though dimmer stars, Boal number of 6cantilyH0lad&Dgels; hover over the Several songs have been introduced into the i: Miss Jsabel Dwight end Nick La Feuillade (of fcsMurius uoLoriety) discourse sweet music, the b forming a very enjoyable evening's eutertaiu- VomurUb (YiO appears to bo a town eacerlv ^ r b y ^ i r K T h e i S i i i A^hort^X die head of the bouse of Hodsin started an agent :fofaot hRSto to secure DID place named for the two nirhtfi it heino riebtlv antieinated that for this Lifima, it oeiug nguuy aiiLicipasta mat ior mis reocctLsion Numurkah would he en fete. "Such is fete" TCT and no sooner had the Hodsonite soiled his Ter.ana no soonei nao uie noaBomie souea nis » leatlierfl with Numurkah dust, than lo, and " thfiatru-al aoent number two loomed uu nnon I1UfflUor ^n! ; l w ,° loomca up upon je. Tlio trouble commenced A war between representatives of the house of Hodson and the Herbert. It soems tbat the secretary of Tempi© of TboBpis had let tbe building tbe two HE, BO that both companies considered in a pretty pickle. Both agents utilised lielegraph, "wiring in," as tbe saying • is, . . .with . ft&tice.;' Mcetiuga were held with a view of solving I difficulty, and both ageuts questioned as to the •sol of dollars tbey expected to rake in. The wiitG reckoned his show good enough for "forty tteior tho two nights." Tho pious and truthful liQDian went one better, for, with his right hAnd ou pari!and^ Eighty pounds |Che iwo nights." Eventually Mrs. Hodson, Mrs. (atDobson, Mr. Musgrove and "tbe youthful Irviug Alio,appeared upon tbe scene, having come up from Hmelloue, and the Hodsonites planking " wie sug.," TO,tbe wrath of the Horbetites beiug appeased by a liucefio tho shape of a ten-pun note) aud rent free me night. This little local excitement reached fever the result beiug that both compauies did excellent , ' the play, everything ended happily. |Eecretary of the institution, fortunately for himself, •jolia Nmnurkab ou tho arrival of tho rival agents. IE well, otherwise there would have been a bereaved gfhmeutiug a dear deceased up in tbe Numurkah W«c Antouy will be among tbe fashionable arrivals •idlionrue during the liacing D Carnival. He will be m.hi A i ,< — \--- ---- Pfmed byOctavius Ctesar and Lepidue -brother : ivirb- tUeyoungerPompey and other distinguished K" d S«»W c,mi8 5 Jwhile-despite tbo scandal lias filled the newspapers concerning bis conduct •"'flMttt-he respect-he will bring that famous Egyptian, 8 Jiitv witv i,.,„ W i 1— J — with - accustomed wit) has placed tbe Opera House at the in n - u °blo Italians, and, during their KftCflWte "> tuiB marvellous in th at metropolis, building. tbey will hold The suite iocivdus [two hundred persouB of both sexes, all ages, f. sexes, all ages, and J colour B. IJOVO of country ie so strongly implanted luoy WWI ,rutB,,u Iob'« greases :ihat they will retain their u"»u«uw national ioS S? ? ma an . d ftmu , 8 ?«n ol \t8; while they will to h\\- o,' cldEfl 9 Palaces thoughtfully provided for M»iD6 and n'lta'B eimitnietitK a S"cut Alexandria as jjossible, wbilo tbo Lu imiflo Ciosar, Lepicius »uu and nuwuj Antouy ItPrn. !a,ui /"y reminisceut of Home, Atbonsaud tn ' Mil™' 1 '" 1 " lm,i •"»••• al n-ays been wedded to ' Jifo ou I" lhR - l J !1 ,Kiiceis.l "Iiouieonilio rollinp 01 b,s K i S - W ' " ! ftcooniuiodtttiou. Mark K W t a d t o C J ~ « ? t ™ » ? I?-"""®" ^ bkolibooti, tbe ^^.'.T^hiM ijnai-relB whicb 8 f,;^ Uavo »>« '•tere M ?, ' BU ±t° , l °, ' „ c ^ , ^ Finld'from fc.tl.Ui. u^L SfJS® 1 eround in the dress |! S 8 a " or y- ^ "I 1 ! >il •»!oE? S ' l ^ n . 3 i™™..,., *ould 1 !™ be .™n?nud pleasing to yqat-s bim now ago, :— and which he MARCUS ANTO.NIUB. [A UlOGttiPIUOAL ACnoeTIO.] — ™ ..„,bold, brave, iull lull of skill, JtftfauiiuB in heroic fortitude. . fjtmight have shaped the whole world to bis will flench rich metal washisnobleriiiood fe^ough to vauquish woman's'wiles t lor their love, surrenders to their smiles, "l^no could bring restraint, ll e then iree from tbe fatal taint, could not make him quite a Siint iS!Sl? 810 w ™ltb aud power again be sought eas taiBf ( aud '' scarce for honour carad, woths by brilliaut lights aie caught, f«rZrv y , a hwbed feast are snared— uasuro and deI ,V, 6bt to win. r«iiwi 5 Cleopatra took him in, ItfuSfl ill? a . bout her fln ser and, ill Bhort, fuJoi l u t0 Gucko<i orange—pulp and skintggJBtame a fearful Bhipwreck wrought. k,U(int R !, : 1 IN —Eulpholinc Lotien drives away cS, „ p l es ' Ulotches, Redness, and Disfigurements, •"'iflKitless skin,—Bottles. Scld everywhere. OSCK more comes the story of our racing lives from ycar t0 ycar-tow»t, the Spring Meeting of tbe Victoria Racing Club. An unparalleled season has clothed Fleuiiufiton with a mautle of emerald, aud never during any tifevious period has tbe course and its appurteuancus i,Qen Beeil t,o better advantage tbau they will bo on Saturday. Our numerous visitors aro ever loud in tbeir praises as to the style in whreb " the powers that bs " have everything iu apple-pie order for our Cup Carnival, and this'year their encomiums are bound to be more lavish tbau ever. To the vast majority the Cup timo is a Carnival in tbe true sense-that is, a time of enjoyment;^ others,^ nnfortunaleJy yours truly amougst the number, it ib a Carmval ot Work-the hardest week's work during the whole year, flow little the holiday maker on Cup Day dreams of the high „t whirh l»rPBHm«n o.uA tlm VH C, nmriain arn pressure at wnicb l ressmen aua tno \\.it,o. omciais are working to keep everything up to time. Just cast Soav eyes into tho different Presarooms-tbero are J * . nnp mimitA vmi will find thpin t m ?° H^W^8,0 , ? ne , jninute you win una tuem each and all filled cliock-a-block wicb men wntiugaway . . . . disfnuRi-ed tbu nbiloRonhni-R oM^VnP^mfniorion Tm SSfateB alterwSSS S^ stone oi perpetual motion, ieumiuuies aiiorwarus, on agaiu elanciug iu, you would not find a soul there save and except the doorkeeper. t0? Where have tbey vanished bave vamsbed, without a doubt. 1 bey have S ouo a6 swiftly aud silently aB Hans Brcitmauu s friends, of whom the poet tolls us— ' Hans Breitmaun gave a pardy, Where i6 dot pardy now'/ All gone avay like tbe summer clouds What Uoat o'or the mountain's prow." However, as you pass through tho throng you will discover them ogain rnshiugaboutbelter-Ekeltor.gettiug the latest reliable information as to bow matters are eveutuating, aud all tbe little t'twtrm* that mako tho following day's reports in the papers so very interesting. J*ul at wbat a sacrifice of everything that tends to make a Q afternoon's sport enjoyable is this pabulum obtained, a,bo D there's Miles, too-Jolly Old Miles, the Autocrat of t} l ° V.U.C.—and who but be? Heavou aloue kuows that has been bard at it enough, from early to I&te;, siuco^the first Monday iu June to have earned a « bit of a d respite by tho first Saturday in November; but nary a respite—in fact, if "Iu trouble to be troubled 1B to havo your trouble doubled," Miles has an extra allowance at that particular time. Just drop iu this (Thursday) afternoon into the V.11.C. secretariat and twig hiui attending to tho dead- beftde. Great Cupar's ghost 1 Did you ever imagiue there were B0 ^^y prefiBmen" in the world as come iu there each for a free pass? And tbe special representative of tbe Tin pot Gully Advertiser puts on as much "side" as "Augur" "Asmodeus" would be fully eutitled todo —albeit —ttiueis they lliuy don't. auu 1. Ho O.W is m there, uuuiu, armed ^iu^^s* with a a, voucher wukuvi f r o m llj0 pvopriotors of the aforesaid Tin Pot Gully Advertiser, Messrs.Swipeiu aud Brieket.auuouucingtbat they have been to tbe expense of despatching ageutle- a6 maifl t0 da" their report .ofcourse tbe usual Prtusameni- {YeJVJai bekiudlvextendad tohim. "Didyouever hear of JJ5J^•"J®* 1 "s^theTmJtotQMv Advertiserold Miles will query qu£ry l of of BOUJe some recognised recognisea Pressman, 1'reGBmau, and ana tbo tno quiet chuckleof tho latter will prove to the Autocrat oi the Sanetum that the usual annual " Have " is in full swing jjavSw jed tbis operatiou for somo yeavb now, aud last la8t year qul!Btionod quustiouea Miloe Miles as to wbotber wuoiuer heorar ue over tried men to 10 ,mt \ Btop to tho palpable swindle. "Well." be „„„„,.l,nrt "1 have tried to keep this Preps free pass Set^ithin bouiidE-iFs reallyassumiuR giganticpro- ,)01:tiou6 UOK-and if I weren't a bit careful, you fellows i,ho have to Kraft wouldn't bo able to stand in your room B bu : t ' 5'°? B , ee ' U ' B 80 h , a vd 1011 , ar0 ontitled and who are Dot, and as they would ou l be -' ."y™ 0 Mo ,, o , ro W tll „ lette ™' \ exercise my judgment as well as 1 can n the matter." They manaBe these tluuge a great doa I better m Now S3Utb Wales," was my rejoinder; "there the accredited Pressman is supplied by the A.J.C. with a small silver medal, which be hangs on his watch-chain. Thereis uohumbugeing about there with bunting up tickets for every Hieeting; and the V.H.C. should do the same thing bore, and let their medal admit to every otlier course where racing was conducted under theur rules. "Tbat would be a good thing without a apu lit, was me reply, and then another doluge of would-he dead-heads putting in an appearance, I Had to guy. But tnen that's only the preliminary to tbo gra-.d fliial«-t,Be we'ek"s^na/e.~However «nw«ver ho bo and bis honchmenWally honcbmenWally Miles Milea S. Knigbt, and .liul Hcury (of tbo as they do stuns me 1 Its a Heal Hiru o a I icnio ior theni; and tbeymustofferupeomefervnntthanksgivingB wbeD the curtain falls ou tho I-ree Handicap on tne fourth day. BUT then, oil all that pow-« iinu'-u-nw ow isn't t giving civias j vou tne the "• straight grifliu Brifhu ' -is it ? \ou want to know what B going to win the Derby and Gup, aud so I shall straightway have a shy at the bill of fare for the first two days, as „c foil OWE ~ FlilST IJAY.-SATUJIDAY, 2ND NOVHNBEU, MAIDEN PLa.TI3. (One mile.) TINLANDISK 1 Coi»KNHAGJLN ... ... ... ... 2 Tiu. Fortune Teller ... ... j MELBOURNE STAKES. (Ouo mile aud a quarter.) CAKBINR i AlWltCORN ... ... ... ,.. L» HOTHAM HANDICAP. (One mile and a-balt aud a distance.) WYOOMH13 1 COHLLEZR MAFJIC CIUCLK VrrUuIe LOYAL STONE J{t7J>yr,rn MAKIHYNONG PfjATE. (Five furlongs.) DE1111Y. (One mile aud a-balf.) Dreadnought ... noz Siguier, Silvermeve COliURG STAKES. (Oue mile and a furlong.) SECOND DAY.—TUT;si*AY, 5TU NOVF.mdkh. HURDUS HACK. (About throe niilefO l COHYTIUJB ... ... ... •_» KENSINGTON (Five furlougs.) STAKES. COEDDAlt 1 ANTJ3US IJONSIULK Mvloa MELBOURNE (Two miles.)' CUP. ™ n 1 r „ ,, THE liuke of Portland s good-looking four-yearld horse, Jobutiy Morgan, by Springfield out of Lady ar, bas finished bis racing career, having quitted the eath Iloueo stable, Newmarket, to join tbe " lords of he harem," at >Velbeck Stud Farm. LT n,cc e P^m for the Hon. the jowaI bred youngsters ^ Q w e x A c 1^ r Q°? n ^efi st _ G f r ^ ^ f j ^ ^ J f ® 0 u0?al nnndi^n of % nS " ft P°. OI ine jjeiceeterenire uojai unndicap oi lO.tXW ovs., for three- years-old aud upwards, oue mile and a vards straiebt' to he run for at tlm T^ic^tM- . e * y a B ,',oni ml ior ai iue ijeicester utumn Meotiug of 1891. The race is toclose for entries u3rd December of the present year, the entrance being 50„in«as each and tho weiehtR arn to mitiflM in tut o gmneaa eacu. ana LUO weieuiHiare LO appear in tne eek next followuic Goodwood, 1691. If ibe horses are iQ ftfler tbe rtret Tuesday iu January, 1891, an Jitift,,,.! or. 0i]jnM8 »j|i u ehnraiu) »• dditional FROM KogJand w guineas conies win oe tbe cnarged. intelligence that for ho next meeting of tho Eoglish Jockey Club the ollowing notice of motion has been made by Lord adogan:—" To call attention to a letter in tho Morning ost of 17tli September, signed 4 Pavo,' impugning tbe onduct of tbe oJUcial baudicappor, and to ask the tewards of the Jockey CI up what action, if any, they ropose to take in tbe matter." WELL, t the first round of the Pennant Premier atches ' lor the Cricket Championship has been egotiated, with the following result Melbourne beat East Melbourne South Melbourne Caiitou Kichuiond University Essendon Port Melbourne St. Kilda Williamstowu Fitzroy North Melbourne. A Si'KCfAL Oommitte Meeting of the Vietoriao Cricketers' Association was held on Monday night, when tbe second draw was made, winners beiug drawn agaiu6t winners, and losers against losere, and umpires appointed as follows:— Melbourne v. Routh Melbourne.—Umpires, Messrs. Coffin and Muuro. Essendon v. Itielmiond.—Umpires, Messrs. Barnosand lloy. Carltou v. University.—Umpires, Messrs. Bleaeaale and Harry. Fitzroy v. North Melbourno.—Umpires, Messrs. Caiman and Fray no. port xyii Melbourne iiiuiuuuiuo v. » St. liilda,—Umpires, Messrs. Allessio and Barrass. East Melbourne v. Williamstowu.—Umpires, Messrs. Lee aud Wileou, , .. The secretaries of competing chihs aiTflnge where the tbe naatcb takes place, and the eecond elevens play on opposite ground. HooHAV 1 GeewhiUkio& ! And likewise Boo- , L o aj.d v,ohoJd J The Lancashire and Yorkshire au" Encash"ranerriomV"ofTho"oi'isakers J,oiQtt.a :.„intf.fl t0 . varioui evils eirrouudiug tbe games of footgames c } "j, cricket"""' It' "was" contended ""savrthVr'eiJort S° turday uiatchcs not "a' eool < preparation report, fo^fho^utieTofUioSunday^scbooraudThTt'aUenifance r Xcos of worship on the Sunday was reduced bocause B ^ vfore'u^xorS8e^ndSlgedl^on t h e p S i n e ^ y S ah J^ats sol Aud on this tlfeme & very eloquent Mmaou mi„h£ i,e prMcbed. FrinstanE.there ii no doubt whatever at while Saturday sports are a very indifferent ,)roparation for tbe soulful exorcises of the Sabbath, IaUour of ftny k i u d must, a fort ori (as we jourImii6ta are apt to 8ay when we want to show that wo iD00 w e n t to school), unsettle the mind to an excessive d Saturday iootball and cricket are undoubtedly Bi btlt Saturday work is th6 very devil all over. I mysei'f never feel so thoroughly prepared for the duties of tbo Sunday school as when I have spent the Saturday a]ong witb Sir Herky, Alick Queer, tlio President, the Medallist, the Secretary and a few othor kindred spirits iutorv-s.ls. of course, forrofresbment. Andlbofd, furtheruloro, t^at the spirit cannot bo properly attuned to Sat r ur'day modittttion unless ..i... the body has if-- been i,— indulged j with perfect rest on Friday. And how is a fellow to eDioy a r0Et 0u Friday if ire doesn't get a day off on T1)ur6dtty? Wednesday, of course, should be spent in )rRy6r(u| beseeching of guidauce as to the mode of spending Thursday s holiday; and Monday and Tuesday re quite too near,tbe Sabbath to be wasted in mere ^dftn(J toil j a m eolid w i t b tbese D4|)ti„ mlllisters xample n ^ Batulllla>. by doing (JU6Btiqn,and nothing at would all for fain a liviBg* copy thtir except boly on Sundays, and then doing as little as ciroumBtances will llow, lt isn't often I agree with tbe »arsons of any ector denomination, but in the matter of sorting out he week's labour 1 am fain to admit that they get the To nvEHOOME W'EAKNF.SS.—Pepper's Quinine and Iron onic gives New Life, Appetite. Health, Strength, and Energy; ures Nervous Debility and Keura'-gia. Half-crown bottlcB. verywhere Insist on having J/jHTiiit's. bulpe on tbe feet of tbe community. Next to being Alexander, I would like to get the next presentation to Uie bftrrej s o m o deaf decayed Diogenes; and I am conceited enough to believe tbat I should thump my weekly tub with considerable tfctaf &nid; great benefit to tbe rest of mauhind and myself. Does auybody know of a nice comfortable "call" that is in danger of beiug left unanswered ? About eight hundred a year and a twelveroomed house aud orchard is the sort of clamour tbat would suit me down to the ground. Is there any sport under the sun buu what some dinkydoodlodum or other is carried on in connection therewith? This thing presented itself to ine on Saturday last, after looking at tho Bayonet Exercise drill at tbe Naval aud Military Sports. Re it known by tbe.se presents that 6ome six or seven and twenty years ago I put iu my five years in the Carlton ltilles under Captaiu (afterwards Atajor) Radcliffe aud Sergeant Gray, the drill instructor. Now Gray bad been all through the CrimeauWarandknewhis UUSIUOBB thoroughly. He was a terror for precision, and if bo had a fad it was th s self-same bayonet exercise, aud I well remember bo^v be used to keep us at it till our arms ached again, because, don'tchor kuow, the "long Enfields" were all tbe rage in those days, aud they weighed a couple of ounces or so. I mention this fact just to show tbat I kuow something about tbe game, and I was completely thunderstn ck— along with many hundreds of others—when 1 learned that the judges had awarded the prizd to the Second Rattaliou instead of tbe First, who, in my bumble opinion, beat tbem badly at all points. The First . Rattalion worked like a piece of machinery, aud although the Second Battalion were exceptionally sharp and decisive in their movements, tbey.most decidedly sulTered by comparison with the team who were placed second. What the decision really meant is, of course, best known to the gentlemen who delivered it; but I shall not be in tbe least surprised to learn tbat tho MUitiaforce is oueLieut-Colonel Ie6s through the blunder And everyone who knowB him will thoroughly endorse what I say, that the colony could far better afford to. lose half-a-dozen Imperial service officers than such a thorough Man, in every Benne of the word, as tbe Lieut. Colonel of the First Battalion, Robert Robertson. TJIIS is how that eminent authority, *' Pendragon," of the London Referee, prattletli anent the recent contest between Searle and O'Connor for the Sculling Championship of tbe World :— u All objections to Searlc's styling hhnsctT ilic champion pculler were forcibly removed on Monday, 3th Bcptemtor, &-o cftjue ber/;ns Australia's ac scpted rcprcscntitive to meet the undoubtedly beet man America, including Canada, co Id put forward, and decisively heat tbe (Bnuck, I IJCTIT foil iu with tbe jig^ery-pakery business by which Beach gave away wliat did not belong to him as a nocoVnble posses ion, and. ictfring, nominated Peter Kernpa§hissucccsior. Neither did 1 cmsidcr it anfc to take on tiust all said by Australians concerning Searle. because great doubt atichcd to the value of William Beach's later form. Monday's match on tlio Thames wipes out auy objection to the colonial succ^&hion; as nrranacri for tbe bereflt of Kctnu and Co. It docs not matter about that now. 1 IIH great form e>hibitcd by the uinncr Nvarrantp us in looking on him as a remarkably fine bont-p lHer. Before the race nearly all tvas conjecture Jx- twcen the two colonials, because both carefully abstained from jiving n line, on tvhich t)ieir reative merits might be apsessnJ, In thq race O'Connor did not sh^po ei well &s; I thought he did in practice, and Searle scnlled ) iui riphc, out. 1 ft-It that the issue of the day could be confident y prcdi ted wlicn the men had gone three hundred yards, which seems pcrhnps n cheap thing to say after rcnrJcV decisive victory ; but r< ally 1 did. The Australian's style looked the more prufitulil.t wlu-n the pair were Bide by «i< c at strong tensio . J-'ri^ndslii.t cnunoi disguise the fact (hat he ie not u p'ttty sculler, or (hat he finishes In the old-fashiont-d cobbler's uut-at-elbous way, Jt would be do ng far less than ju-tiee to deny that this li. o athlete does veiy line work indeed before he has to fciither, or that his method adtuiiab'y mits him, ihu ])fr?on most eon- corned. Uu goes at n gr< nt p,iee, ntid stajs too ; u hat n oie would you have ? I heard some ta'k of a frw=h ma'cli. If tho (Janad uns lmd shown theajt- elvrs truly eager for it new tr iul, I should believe that 0 Connor's work ou the tipht n'rte vus wrong somehow, hut th y did not wunt one. lie stim'k u bit of wood opposite >he 'J'hami'S bnat-huuBr, und \vn« l; cJiy not to be upe't. Prom that occurrence to the finish he never seemed comfortihlo wit, the right. Tiaie after time as he was going forward the Sinll struck the water mid w * kuueked up just as he w>s begini.ing to turu the blade t; p-t ir»ip with it. This trouble bvgau before ft likely that the wrist or arm hail gone. O'Conno- doos iiot use his i< g-i sn w. 11 as Searle nor does he swing. Tho Australian, 2i e tieach, goes in an oM-fa liioncd style, uiore like Ke ley and Chambers th in later professors, ainl is always moving a hit or water. At the stiirt his coolness and confidence wcr^ nirprisiug, as he let the Cauadinn takr a stroke nmi aim st catch the water for a second brfore ho tried to go. From th.it to the Star itwl (Mrier i o«uhl not ngain see the two. As soon as I was tiblc to face thoni again, 1 honesty believed that Scaile mu^fc win. Uf course lie palled hard, and very likely could not have gone Appreciably faster than in tbo race for the lead, which .nsteil over a mrle; but I i]o jjot think th.-re cvor wns a time a'tor tne London Ruwii jr Club was cleared whon the Auttrnlian coul-1 no*, hav<> increased liis pace u littlo. The tight to get Hhcad was decisively determined half-way up Ro e Bank. There u lead was for the first tinn solidly entnbli.-bed. i/Counor had \vorked like a h ro, aud done his p s>ibie best, but could go no further at the puce, i ml virtually was ilouo. Directly his oppoucat falterc 1 Biarlo spurted, and the race as urate was a I over. I have looked carefully over my to see if I ever put down that Soarle wushe his rival Certainly 1 do not rucoilcct his doing so, nor have 1 mention of the circumstance in my hook. As he had the choioe, of course, a I the way, while the station was worih getting, there was no P'trticuUr inducement to steer O'Connor's line; but tho fiict that this perfectly justifiable, but • 11 the same gro^ly unfair, bit of jockeying was not put in force reuounds greatly to the winner's credit H- is a remarkable boatpuller, whose long stroke does not tire him, though it would settle most }>eople who tried it,** Old ' Pen." is a hit rough on the Apostolic Succession of Peter Kemp. "Jiggery-pakery business" is good, is it not? HEKE y'are! Here y'are ! Here y'are ! Profeasor \- Gravingo, - of -- Padua - University, - is reported to have succeeded in grafting the cornea of a barndoor rooBtet upon the eye of a human subject Tho operation is said to have been "most successful, the traupplauted coruea being transparent, glossy, and convex." If this be true of Adam and Evo. Which remiu'de me, Mr. Editor, tbat it's uot so many strides from J'UXCII Oflioo to tbo Adam and Hve. wliitbor I shall Btraiqlitway adjourn (after . hiterviewing ^—;„..,•;..„ His v-n,. Nibs the r-M.t^io,, Custodian „•} of .i,„r.„i,, the Coiu m of m,„ tho U'eaimTand" tr'y" as far'ai rn"me"iiea to put down the driuking customs of society. Tra-la-la, dear boy I OJA'M] 