THE DAY OF REST, THE PHARISEE AND THE PUBLICAN. By Bev. JOHN MCNEILL, of Edinburgh. Preached in the Metropolitan Tabernacle, London. | " Ana Jesus space tuspaxaDie unto certain WHICH trusted In themselves that they were righteous, and despised others 1 Two men went np into the Temple to pray, the one a Pharisee, and the other a pub lican. The Pharisee stood and .prayed thus with himself : God, I thank Thee that 1 am not as ether men are, extortioners, tin just, adulterers, or even as this publican. I last twice in the wade; 1 give tithes of all that I possess. And the publican, standing afar off, would not lift up so much as Us eyes unto heaven, but smote upon his breast, saying, God be merciful to me a sinner. I tell you, this man went down to his house justified rather than the other; for every one that exalteth himself shall be abased, and he that humbleth himself shall be exalted."-LUKE xviii. B-14. I know, dear friends, that thiB is a familiar and scmewhat hackneyed portion o( Scripture, and therefore the usual formula ought to have unusual force and meaning in all our hearts to-day, that I may be able to speak upon it, and that you may be able to hear It with the power and the help of the Holy Spirit, without whom it wilt be utterly impos sible to get any freshness or to get any light and meaning out of this-I bad almost said " too familiar"-portion of Scripture, the Pharisee and the publican, let all onr help be found f n him, and let all our well-springs of freshness be found In tbat unfailing source of spiritual life and spiritual t» aching. I will not attempt any formal division of the sub ject, but simply strike out, as we go through the narrative, things as they occur to me which may help our faith and help our conduct. Notice, first of Bll, what seems to come to UB here regarding our Lord's method as a teacher and a preacher. It comes out In the tat line. "He spake this parable unto certain who trusted in themselves that they were righteous, and despised others." Notice, I say, something here ot onr Lord's method, that some thing being great simplicity and directness. Surely the Pharisees in that company bad a bad quarter of an hour on that occasion. Our Lord, of course, moat perfectly-far more perfectly than any of us can do-joined the "suaviter to moio" with the' '/ortittr in re." He Bpoke the truth, and spake it in love as never man make it; but we have to notice, if we wish to follow Him, that roundabout methods do not get much countenance from Him. He spake this parable , to. the' people In front of Him who needed it. He did not miss them and strike the wall. He never did; and It Is a little disappointing when you turn to learn of oopimen . tators Mid commentaries, to find all sorts of round about meanings imported into as straight-going a proposition as ever was invented. "He spake this parable unto certain who trusted In themselves that they were righteous, and de«pised others." Ah t let me say here that if we wish to do our Master's work it would be greatly to our advantage if we used not only our Master's matter, but also our Master's manner; and let there be less fear of man, less fear of giving offence, and more and more anxiety to speak out the truth of God, impngn whoso list, whether men will hear or whether men will forbear, speaking our parables to those in front of us who need occasionally the keen edge of the truth of God. There is no use in applying the healing balm of God's 'Word until, first of all, pride and self-cnffi dency have been smitten into the dost by the sword of the Spirit I rather fear that a good part of the Church's failure in reaching the doe efficacy of preaching conies ont of this- that we are too suave and too sweet and too pmooth. We are lifting up people before we hare knocked them down. We are applying a plaster to the whole skin. We are bringing cordials to those who are not sick and ready to perish for want of them. If we adapted our method we should ceme at results. Let us, then, this morning, not get offended If the message shonld be a little plain. It is the Master's message to those here to-day who are perhaps more or less unconscious of it. It is wonderful the hearts into which can creep this vile thing, trusting in themselves that they were righteous, and of conrse-for it always follows despising other people. 1 ben, notiee still further the blighting effect of religions routine as that Is illustrated In this Intro ductoiy verse. Why, it is a marvel that it shonld be written that people-Old Testament or New Testament people-could trust in themselves that they are righteous and despise others. Yet the thing can be done. It was cone in Old Testament times and it Is done to-day. Just think of it t He spoke this parable to men and women who would have turned black in the face with rage if you bad denied their Abrahamic descent. "We are the children of Abraham." Bnt, oh, how unlike their father! We read that their father trusted in Ood to get righteous and to get righteonsnesB; and yet the sons of such a father trusted as heartily In themselves as their great father bad trusted In Ood for righteousness, and still claimed hiB descent I What a blind, deaden ing. hardening thing religions routine and formality must be 1 From its blighting, withering, Masting power may Ood Almighty deliver us to- day and every day. Thtn let us come to the actual parable, and notice how it illustrates just this business that gathers us together to-day. Let us look upon the parable as a great directory for public worship how to worship Ood, how to do it, how not to do it. U sheds in some ways a kindly and in others a lurid light upon that great subject-how to draw neartouod. we need the Inrid light of It as well as Ibe kindly, just as did those people who re ceived It first, because we are very like tbe ancient Jews. We worship Ood almost whether we will or not. Grace, I know, does not ran in the blood, bnt church-going does. Whether we will or not, once a week a wave that we uannot escape casts as up with wonderful regularity upon these shores carries us inside Cod's holy place. Win we. nill we, we cannot escape. it, and therein lies our blessedness, and therein lies our danger, therein lies the great need of this sublime directory fpr Enblic wonhln. I am not an advocate of pictures i churches, butjlf I were, there wouM be two that I should like to have set np-this parable set forth by the best work that the best artist ooald pot upon it. Let ns have before our gaze, as we oome into the house of Ood, lest routine and formalism should blind ns, the one man as be stands waning ns away from his way, and the other man as he stands welcoming ns to approach and to go along tbe road which be found to be so short, so simple, so efficacious. Ah, yes, to me tbat is the neat use of thfe old story for our present need ana foronr present purpose. "Two men went np in the Temple to may, the one: a Pharisee and the other a publican." Let us follow the graphic, tbe photographic, de tails of their going to the Temple and going from it, as the Master hu set them forth, try lug, as X have said, to realiie all along that we are just exactly standing in their shoes or sandals rather. Men bad often gone to the Temple to pray. Like ourselves, the; bad to do H. It ma the correot thing to do, and upon this particular occasion tbe' eyes of Blm with whom especially In public worship we have to do were Kent upon these two men, because Be desired to serve a particular purpose by these men In the chnrch to the end of time. ELS wished to set these two men in the picture- roller? of the Hew Testament Church, so that all-, who come to God may know how not to do it, and also how to do it. I often think that these two cases are like the lights round about our coasts. There stands, for example, the red glaring, flaming beacon light that says to the mariner coming in from " Btormy bbbb and dangerous days, and; sttU more dangerous nights," "O, mariner, if thou wonidst get homeMf tkoa wouldst get to thy God and And Him to His own house, if thou wonld'at find tbe harbour of peace and qniet and safety, after b11 the hearings and tossings of these seas of time am) sin, come te thy God in a way as far re moved from mine (the Pharisee's) »s you can possibly imagine. If you would steer for heaven, bteer fur from me. The roaring reefs, the sunken rocks, the dangerous quicksands, the unsightly mud banks are here. Therefore I am here. If thou wouldst not founder at the harbour's mouth-if thou wouldst not go down to bell from the gate of heaven- then, for Goato sake and yonr own, get thon rid of rvery grain and atom of the Pharisee. If, on the other hand, yon would come near to God after such a week as I have described-after such a week as your own bean tells you yon have come through-if you would come to God in Hfe house and find Bim at borne, if you would come into port and drop your anchor fat the deep, still waters of God'B fathomless grace and teeny, and peace, then as often as yu come-and this is a word for old worshippers as well as for those who are newly be ginning and those who are going wrong-come to God in a way as mnch a copy of the pablican'a aa the same grace alone will enable you." The publi can is the white light at the harbour's mouth that says to the mariner, " Steer straight lor me. Homo is here. Friends are here. All yoar best friends are awaiting you on yonder pier head. Therefore I am here to greet yonr eye, to cheer you, and to guide you to the port of peace " Ah, I think that that is the publican** fraction. New, may God In Bis mercy grant that none of us may founder. Alas, elas, men and women, what an infinite pity, what an infinite honor, it would be that any of ne to-day thoald come ao near and yet remain so far. Why should it be I Why rather should it not be with all of us to-day, so near to God lust because, will we, iillL we. we put ourselves under the very roof of Hia house. Why should we not come Into Bis very presence and go down to oar houses with tbe joy of the justified swelling, and pulsing and throbbing through the whole inner man.' Then look at the detail. " Tbe Pharisee stood and pnye&thaa; with himself." Then you know what follows, "Godj I thank Thee," and soon, and so on. What b wrong with that prayer) "God I thank Thee that I am not aa other men are." What is wrong with that? Does it not seem to come mar vellously near a brae prayer, a tree expression of thanksgiving. Ay, it does. It cones far too near it, because; yon Know, my dear friends, in this bnsinew of prayer, in this business of propelHngmy need, and thongbkand wish toGod* ear and God's heart by mean* of pellets or bullets -my wordi-I either do it or I utterly faiL Aa inch of a miss is as good aa a mile. Our piayera'already within these walls have either etrnck God's ear, ana told upon God's heart, and caused divine compas .ions to poor fotth, or they are utterly lost and v andered through the upper air, and the prince of he power of the air li Dating hellish sport oat of i ur wandered prayen. Ah. we lad to understand ?he awe, the solemnity, the stupendous crisis Uut c-"nee to a man when on the Sabbath day be comes to the Old Testament Temple or to tbe New Testa ment Church. What Is wrong? ."Be stood and prayed thus with himself. Ah, there is . what is wrong. In the Greek the original rare carefully sajs/lf you look into It s ' He prayed with himself. He said "God," but he .thought of self. Bis word and his bean belied each other.. Th&tlsaPharisee; all through from beginning to -end. In Pstlm; in hymn, in prayer, in conversation belt a Ur.3uti tire. He talks,' talks; liii, word seems to be right enough, but whan Odd comes along and teats U He finds oat the tbe counterfeit; because, yon know, if we bad stood there that day we should have been utterly mislead, just as we bare beeu very likely mislead about eachother, bare or e&e; where. Ah I a Pharisee is barcl to. find out'by another Pharisee. I never would bare found out m) neither would yon; bat the Lord put bis eyes upon him and He baa exposed the pitiful sham once for alL Let us be warned. If yon bad stood there, my dear friend, you would hare seen a man, as the Greek says, planting """i* He took op a position. He had often done this. He was a perfect authority °n how to worship' God aa regards ex ternals-»o devout, so decorous, bo altogether (.srrect. You would bare seen a man on whose very clothes and across whose forehead were texts of scripture, for they " made broad their phylacteries." Ton would very likely bare heard the word "God" for I think this prayer was spoken. It was too good to keep to himself. It was not" unexpressed. Oh, no, it was uttered. TOOL would have heard the word " God" escaping from bis lip and you would likely have gone away down into the town saying: " If there u a genuine worshipper of God in all the city I passed him this moraine at tbe Temple"; and you Would have been utterly " out of it," for the Lord passed by and beheld his devoutness. The Lord who sees not as man sees, but who sees past masks and face* and clothes, and our Sunday looks and our Sunday books-the Lord who sees into the heart passed by him. He took one look in and once forever He exposed tbe ghastly sham of Pharisaic worship. "He prayed," says Christ, "with him. cztL" The original is very strong, fair more strong than the English can be. The ordinary verb for praying, with the preposition that is always used for careying a prayer across from tbe worshipper to the deity worshipped, is the verb and preposition used here for carrying this man's prayer across from himself, the worshipper, to himself, the deity worshipped? All that God got in this man was the action of tbe lip in uttering His name. Self got the congratulation; self got the praise and glory. " He stood and prayed thus with himself." I never should have found him out, but the Lord puts in a key that opens that very, very cunning lock, the lock of a Pharisee's heart. At Christ's touch It flies open, and tbe ghastUness and the ElBery are revealed. My dear hearer have you never found yourself marvellously like that man, standing here and using words that are only words-words which, on David's lips, were gasps, and sobs, and cries, bnt on our lips are mere words 7 We shed no tears, we do not rend the heavens, we do cry " for God, for the living God." We sing a psalm to a particular tune. Ah, my dear hearer, have we not come perilously near to tbe Pharisee's danger, and like the Pharisee have been unaware of it? May our eyes be opened I Hay the scarf skin be torn away! May we sea ourselves at this moment as God Almighty sees us, for by our own will and act we have subjected ourselves to-day to His keenest scrutiny. It is perfectly right for a man to thank God that he is not like other meu. Let me illuatr&te; it. Let me bring it home to you. My young brother, it is per fectly right for you to sit or standthere and say "I thank Ood I am not like that young fellow who reeled past me with oaths and indecencies and blasphemies in the Strand last night." My sister it is right for yon to rise, and with trembling voice and heart thank God that yoa are not like the daughters of shame whose presence defiles our streets. But dost thou thank God, or art thou secretely kissing thy hand to thy own mouth and congratulating thy. self? That is the test of worship, of prayer, of praise, of thanksgiving, and of material giving, what space and place does love to God keep In our hearts? Tested by such a test, the Pharisee is found to be utterly worthless, totally misleading ss a worshipper of the one living and true God. Yon remember the old story of John Bradford. He stood upon the streets of his native town watching a pro cession accompanying a criminal to the place of execution, and those who stood near to that godly man heard him say. In a voice broken with emotion. "But for the grace of God, there goes John Brad ford." Now let us pause a tninute on that. Look here. Is that real, or is it a simply a " goody-goody" way of talking we have got Into in order to be square wltb the book? Yes or no? Dost thou thank Qod? Dost thou sit down-O, Christian man or Christian woman t-and has tbe grace of Ood brought you to this-that yoa are pre pared to sit down beside the battered harlot in the slums, and say-1"JWy sister do.notde-pairof the grace of God, for I am beginning to be hopeful ?" Has God's mace humbled our pride? Yes or no? This Pharisee was the dry rot of the Old Testament Church, and his counterpart is the dry rot of the Mew. Oh, to grace how great a debtor Daiiy 1 am construed to be 1 That is tbe language of tbe very heart of a gracious soul. Have not I heard you going about saying " Well, I may be this, and I may be that,, but I could not do tbis, and I could pot do the. other ?" You are found out. My dear friend,.the grace of Qod never speaks that way by human lips. The grace of God so reveals to a man bis own secret corruptions-so discovers to him the depths of Satan that are in his own heart, that he never says that. Be speaks as tbe manin my story speaks, But for grace, constraining and restraining, parental in. licences, a shelierea life, while others had no such . influences and no such shelters, there are no depths of wiskedness into wbichl might have plunged, and in which. I might not be wallowing like the vilest and most abandoned. Tbe grace of God, if ^under stand it the GoBpel of God's grace-simply means that the best man or woman in this tabernacle to day needsto be washed from sin in the. blood.of.the |, Lamb; and the vilest creature outside needs no more. "Hallelujah, what a SaviourI" May God sweep .the heart of this ranting, canting hypocrite oat. of us I May God takeclean away fcom.us all.religious cant and all cultured cant that ate in Bis ears, as I : sadly fear, so offensive to-day I. It is worth while noticing that when the man . came to an end ot his negative goodness, and sought to express himself in terms of positive goodness,, how soon the trumpet collapsed. Yon know, see ing that tbe world is what it Is, lt'is vastly easy for , me to say, " I am not like this; I am. not like that I am not like the other." It is vastly easy to gather together a pile oi slaughtered reputatlons^and to . dimV up on the top of them, ana then crow- yes, i like a cock upon a dunghill. It la vastly easy. But, my friend, when you have come to an end. ot your negative goodnesB, tell ns"in heaven's, name, ' what you are positively-not what yoa are not, buc , what you are. And here-and oh, tbe sarcasm Is. . withering-here, when the poor fellow has the [ trumpet up to his own lips, and there 1s nothing to , hinder him blowing as loud and as long as be may, . he comes to a pitiable collapse, " i fast twice in 1 the week. I give tithes of all that I can get" What a moral monster 1 Ah, you smile. . I am glad you see it. I trust, that we all see it. ft is undoubtedly one ot the keen edges of tbis very two-edged iblaoe. When he cornea to tell ' of his positive goodness, that is all he can tslL He cannot even say," I was eyes to the blind, and feet. tothe lame," or tell of doing anything kindly. No. " I fast twice in the week. I am a B&olist.; I give tithes," not" of all tbat I possess," the original is tremendously keen-"of all that I can grasp."' TblB was a man who would <ob widows' houseaand griiid the faces of the poor through tbe week, and then try to sanctity his devilment by giving his tithe to the Temple on Bandar. Has ken* counter part? Isallthlsmoneytliatbto.be given aftermy sermon is done clean money ? Take care t Had not Ged to say long ago-"Tour silver and gold are conupt? So, here, have we not nun to-day creeping into the Clinch simply because it serves their tan ? There is ? kind of paction, not ex pressed, but understood between us, -'Hour, preacher, I will come Into your Church, I wlH sit in it, I will pay pew rents, I will give to all tbe schemes of tbe Chareb,aaa if yon will keep away from me those hnmbHog doctrines '.that are un doubtedly in your book. Now, sir, don't be a fool. Y en understand tbe situation. You play my game, and I will play your game. Let me off as regards tbe old PuitanfcsiL scorching, humbling, aows taking preaching, and I will make it worth your while. I will be there regularly. I will be one of your best rivers. I will be a pillar of Hie Church." xes; Bsamaatnmy country said, " a caterpillar." I sadly fear that the venr same pass to which the Pharisee .brought tbe Old Testament Church, his New Testament oounteimrt -win bring the "Hew 'Testament CtrarohtOi«nfess God's grace prevents. Ah, friends, It will not do 1 It will not do t -And ' ft Is often tried. '* I give tithes of all that I can get." There is anion who is at business da; and night,from8 o'clock In the morning till XI o'clock at night, and down Is this belated country W yours even on the Sundry- We manage ta shut the shop on Bnnday In Scotland. Here, I suppjse, the liquor-shops are open on Sunday. ? ? Very well: yon will get a man, and that Is hli business-to scat tor death, desolation, and damna Hott right round the week by that accursed trade in : intoxicating liquor, and then he comes in large and '' broad, and flaunting himself and his family on the Babbath day, and the look on his face says-1' Now, preacher, understand the situation. I want to be a religious man. Give me a certain cloak and credit of respectability; and, if yon will understand your book andplay your cards right, I;will give yon my contributions.'' Ton are not to say a word against such a man's trade, for { he issuch a giver to the Church. He gives thirty or forty or city thousand pounds to endow a cathe dral, and the whole Church of God is to forget her splendid position, and become a flunkey at his feet. 1 It is a great relief to torn to the other aide, is It not? I know that you are wearying for the other side. So am L But it la bard to get past this 1 fellow when yon begin upon him; and I trust that somewhat of the aest and relish with which we pull him to pieces arises from the factthat we are . falling with a splendid vengeance upon what in \- - ourselves is exactly like him. It is a somewhat plain way to put it-you call it coarse and vulgar; but I will risk it-could you not bite the tongue of a man who has worshipped God perilously like this, both in heart and yonder at the plate, graceless in thanksgiving, graceless in material gift, graceless in worship all through V How we will turn to the other aide. "The publican, standing alar off, would not lift up so mush as his eyes unto heaven, but smote upon his breast, saying, God, be merciful to mo a sinner." XmuBC be brief here, nqt'simply because the time 1b lar gone, but because we cannot be long. X never hear this publican's prayer sufficiently ex 'ponnded. The Pharisee's prayer is built up ol word J upon word; andjuBt as it is built up word by word, so, after 1 get guidance from the lord, lean come, and word by word, brick by brick, scatter , \- it along the ground. But the publican's prayer ah] do not ask me to pound and expound the Eublicsn's prayer. It' is so made up of the very eartof a man-It is bo filled with a man's deepest, truest, utmoBt thoughts and wishes, not man-ward, but God-ward-that it is difficult to do anything with it. It is a cry for a man away down there at hell's gateB, which are just opening to receive him - a cry, coming de profundus, and ringing, singing on its way, "Gloria in excelsisand bow are you to expect me to, as it were, tap the electric wire, and bring down the message and open it out 1 I am neither at the Bend ing end nor at the receiving end. - It Is diffi cult to expound a gasp, a sob, a yell from a man who is tottering over the brink of endless per dition to the God whom he still thinks can save him. 3 hat is the trouble with the publican's prayer-it is so nnwordy. It is all reason and logic ana experimental religion, so compact, so con densed, that there Is no expounding ot it. It is not for preaching, it is not for expounding, it is for saying, it is for doing. What you have to do with tbis prayer, my hearer, even if you have been fifty years in grace is this-go home to-day and take it up--' God be merciful to me a sinner." Try it; pray truer yet-truer yetl There is a cracked note there. Do you not detect yourself that something falls flat in its spiritual music and meaning V bay it again and again, and yet again, till the heart within you is burst and rent in sunder by the spiritual dynamic of a prayer like tbis;-"God be merciful to me the sinner." Yon Pharisee in his mouthing is look ing npon all mankind. "The rest of mankind" is what he said Tbis man saw nobody, heardnobody, thought of nobody but hlnuelf-me the sinner. Ah, how deeply learned he was 1 In yon other man's ranting and mouthing there is no word of sin, no word of grace, no word of mercy. He was righteous; he was quits with God's law; in fact God's law owed him something. He did more than the law demanded. As to this poor publican, there are three wordB in his prayer that we shall never fathom the meaning of-God, mercy, sin. Stand up and give me definitions of these-any man, or any College of men-God, mercy, sin ; and I will add'a fourth "me." Now, until we know something experimentally of these four things we have not begun to worship God; we have not come, my friend, within 10,000 miles of God's grace, and mercy, and peace. This man had happened upon them all. Anl when God the Holy Ghost leads the poor sinner He leads him straight. He leads him with Divine simplicity, He leads him into experi mental knowledge and into experimental peace. Oh, let us pray it, let us say ft, let us slog it every day we rise and every night we lie down! Let us try it again and again and again so that we may deepen it and broaden it and widen it, and make it to be a prayer right from our hearts to the God from whom we expect pardon and peace and eternal ] life-"God be merciful to me the sinner." He knew God; he knew andboped|thattherewaB mercy; be knew himself to be a einner. He was a man full of knowledge. And the last word I am going to a»y is onr lord's last word-"-I tell you this man went down to his house justified." What does He tell lis when He says that? I have slid all along that we would look at this subject in the light of pieaent circumstances and of present day complications in connection with the worship ot God. Now, Christ's last word is a very valuable word on present day complications. " I tell -yon this inan went down to his house justified." I take it to be Christ's verdiot on the worth of public worship. What Is the use of going to the Temple ? Men and women were saying that in Israel long ago; and they were saying it with sad hearts because of the Pharisee-What is the use of going?"-just as to-day men and women all over London are saying : " What is the use of going to Chnrch or Ohapel ?' and in many cases they are saying it because of the Pharisees. Either they are in the pew, or (God help us 1) up here in the pulpit, for alas, alas I that ' is part ol our danger to- day- The Pharisee, the elaer brother, may actually be in the pulpit; and when the elder brother is in the pulpit, you may be sure that the prodigal brother down below will get but a very cool invitation to come \- home. "Stow, what Is the nse of it ?' men were saylnfe long ago. lhey are saying it still. I always feel tbat it was a great mercy, a great blessing to him self, that tbat poor publican did not lift up his eyes \- to heaven, for, if be had done, you see, between him and heaven the only object on the horizon was the Pharisee; and he would have stopped going a step nearer to God's house, and he would have gone away borne, saying" No, I am as good as he, and I will not keep up this sham of temple going at all." It was a great mercy that he kept his bead dowd. That Pharisee might have spoiled him, even when I God was trying to get hold of him. ' Ah, my dear friend, look here. It is an awful. thing if there Is some one who does not come to "Bpurgeon's Tabernacle" just because you come so steadily; and it is just possible. It is an awful thing if somebody does not come to Macree-Box burgh Free Church in Edinburgh because I am the. preacher. It is an awful thing, and it is quite po«-, sible. We are keeping back each other from Godta bosom and God's kiss, or we are enticing each other. It is the one or the otber. There is no middle course. Ob, poor publican, keep down your head I Do not look on some haughty, high-minded, con ceited person who precedes you to the house of God. Do not< There is a snare in it. Fasten your J thoughts and your hearts npon other things. " Xhis i man went down to his house justified." 1 . Yes, says JeBUS, public worship is worthwhile. To the Pharisee it is a well without water and a cloud without rain; but to those who are weak and weary and heavy-laden-to those who are beginning. to know the bitterness of sin-the bouse of God, the day of God, the Word of God, are wells in the desert which never run dry. For you this tabernacle was built. 0 sinful man, 0 sinful woman, who, It may be, have come by chance within these walls to-day, God will pass by the proud and self-righteous among us, and single you out, and lavish upon your despairing soul the very tichet of His grace! Why bave we so much outside lapsing? I tell you, says Cbrist, it Is became there is so much inside lapsing. Kvery Pharisee is lapsed from grace, and there would be less of the lapsed masses outside if there were less of the lapsed inside. If we wish to have poor.pnblfcans coming in then let those of us who now God find know Goi'a grace come to Hts very house in such a way as Bhall be a recommendation to them tftfollow us. Hay God bless to ns abundantly to-day this expo si! ion of this old, old story of the Pharisee and the pnbliranl Amen. 