WOMEN DOCTORS FOR QUEENS- LAND. The University of Melbourne has just pub- hshed its class lists tor the October term of 1888, giving the results of the honour examina- tion for students of medicine of the second, third, and fourth years There are no women's names in the third and fourth year lists-- whether there were any women students for these years we are not informed. In the second year list, however, while there are but eight names in all, two of these are names of women-Margaret Whyte and Elizabeth A. M. O'Hara. No one obtained first-class honours, but Margaret Whyte stands equal with Ernest E. R. Bawrey at the head of the second class and divides the exhibition with him Elizabeth O'Hara occupies a less brilliant but still honourable position-that of fifth in third class. We have all known, of course, for years past that the tune has gone by forever when the would-be medical women of modem civilisation had to beset the closed doors of lecture hall and operatmg theatre, like the poor Pen who " At the Gate of Eden stood disconsolate ' Any number of Pens have entered the long denied paradise of pills and post-mortems, swallowed (metaphorically) the entire pharmacopeia, and read up medical jurisprudence in the small hours till they dared not look under the bed and after all have emerged from "the schools" never a penny the worse. The medical woman has ceased to be a sup- pliant for many a long day. She does not need us. She does not, that is to say, need any particular "us." Paris decorates her, London makes much of her, Edinburgh welcomes her. The conservative "profession" of Berlin and Vienna offer her a brotherly hand Russia-" barbaric ' Russia-honours her. America has admittod her to the dignity of an "institution. " India stretches out her dusky arms entreating her to come No. She certainly does not need us. The question remains, however, whether we do not need her. Some of us thing we do. Occasionally-more than occasionally, if one has a large circle of acquamtancis-one hears of cases in which women suffering from internal trouble of one sort ot another refrain from any mention of either their present pain or their misgivings for the future rather than undergo all that they fear may be included in "seeing the doctor." the "little cloud "-perceived, at first, only by the one chiefly concerned-- might often be dispelled by timely aid from a skilful hand Left to gather and to spread, it may darken the horizon, and the light of a life be quenched "while it is yet noon " The sensitiveness which leads to such fatal reticence may or not be blameworthy What we have at present to consider is the fact of its existance. It would be an incalculable gain, not only to individuals but to families, if there wore able women prac- titioners established in our city to whom invalids of their own sex could go for advico in the in- cipient stages of any ailment. Tho alcoholic habit which sad to say, women- kind, in common with others, are too easily led to form, could be ohecked m its earliest growth by a word of warning fiom a woman phy- sician. A man--because he is a man and also because he is a gentleman-is precluded from so much as hinting to a patient that she is acquiring a disease--dipsomania--which, al- though a bodily disorder, is looked upon as a vice. In children's ailments a woman doctor other things being equal-would be infinitely preferable to a man. It would be easier for the mother-often young and nervous--to speak freely to her. And it would be pleasanter for shy children and girls to have her about them in time of sickness. As for the boon it would be to all "prisoners and captives" of the feminine persuassion to have such a minister of the healing art during any period spent in the infirmary of a gaol--while enduring the double and well nigh intolerable burden of suffering and disgrace, no words can be said which rate it too highly. The time will come when any Administration which neglects the plain duty of appointing prison matrons, women wardens, and women physicians to every place within its jurisdic- tion-- be it a gaol or merely a lockup-- wherein women criminals or other offenders are incarcerated, will be regarded by public opinion as fit only for the dark ages. Governments, as we are all aware, move "by slow degrees, by more and more, from precedent to precedent " Therefore, whire they are con- cerned, one can say only the time will come" for this reform. As regards our hospitals, however, it is worth considering whether it is not now time in making any appointment to arrange so that there shall be at least one womau doctor on the staff-either visiting or resident. In the larger hospitals there ought certainly to be two--one on the medical, and one on the surgical side. If our various hospital committees shrink from initiating this to them "new departure,' why not invite a plebiscite ? Get the subscribers to determine the matter at a general meeting Queensland, though doubtless not the most advanced of the colonies, is by no means the least progressive. Our people have generally shown themselves recep- tive of new ideas, when of a practical sort. There is little doubt as to the result of a general vote on this subject. It is supposed bv some persons-erroneously, let us hope-- that should any woman physician or surgeon, however satisfactory her credentials, and however high her attainments, present herself in Brisbane, whether as the employe of any public body or with a view to private practice, she would find herself with regard to a certain section of our community in the position of that very enviable entity (of whom in politics we have lately heard so much) the persona ingrata. Should this prophecy prove true, it would be, to quote old George Stephenson, -. "Varra awkward--for the coo " The troubling of the waters took place in Europe and America a full quarter of a century ago. We bucolic Australians have so far felt no resulting wave. Now, however, the Melbourne honour list referred to at the opening of this article, shows us that a ripple -a ripple that tells of a rising tide-has at last reached our shores. Who are the gallant broom brigade that will drive it back? The N. C. Daily News translates from the Hu-pao the following weird story told by a traveller from the wilds of Kwangsi -" A native's wife was taken verv ill, and before she died she told her husband (with whom she had lived on the best terms, bearing him one son) 'I have a secret to confide to you, which O never told before for your sake and for the child's. When I die do not nail up my coffin, but leave it for a time out on the mountain. Have two live fowls ready in the house, for after I have been dead 100 days I will return to the realm of living men for a time, and come back to our home. Fear not, but if I make to wards the child offer me the two fowls, and say that you yourself will tend the infant, and that I need not be anxious, that between the dead and the living a gulf fixed, and I should rest among the departed and not come back to trouble the child I will look at you fixedly for a spell, take the fowls, strangle them and begone, never to return. My body will not lie down again in its coffin, but will be transformed into a living tiger, and if hereafter you come out to the place and see the clothing lying by the coffin, you will know that my words have come true ' Holding her husband's hand, she expired. The ghost appeared at due date, did as the living wife had foretold, and disappeared in the jungle and when the man visited the coffin some days after, he found the cast off grave clothes, and wept when he thought of their former happy life together, and her strange fate. While drinking his tears, he saw a tigress stalk from the jungle, and knew it was his wife transformed into a new existence. Gently he stroked its striped back, and with a melancholy roar it bounded away. No deed of blood was ever known to be wrought bv this gentlest of tigresses on the mountain, and the child has grown up and prospers. Truly a strange story. " Lung Troubles and Wasting disease can be cured if properly treated in time as shown bv the following statement from D. C. Freeman, Sydney:--"Having been a great sufferer from pulmonary attacks, and gradually wasting away for the past two years, it affords me pleasure to testify that Scott's Emulsion of Cod Liver Oil with Lime and Soda has given me great relief, and I cheerfully recommend it to all suffering in similar way to myself. In addition 