SUPERSTITIONS OF TO-DAY. SOME OF THE POPULAR BELIEFS OF THE PRESENT ERA. Men who swear there is neither God nor future will yet betray a strange weakness to- ward some pet superstiton that they will openly laugh at, but secretly believe. We all have them—not only the ignorant people, but the best of us. Few people will count the hacks in a funeral procession. Few girls will read the marriage service entirely through in the face of the awful and mysterious su- perstition that this indulgence destroys hope of marriage. We don't call the fortune-tel- ler the priest of Apollo, the wart charmer, a witch. There is a change of name—the fact lingers. We are still superstitious. All the generations that have passed have accumulated and handed down to us a vast number of superstitions. Each country has furnished its share, and probably the most of them date from the time when the human race was still in its Asiatic cradle. Birth, marriage and death are the three most important events in life. Hence the auguries of these three events have been most eagerly sought and most carefully remem- bered. Death, being the most dreadful, comes in for the largest share. One of the best ways given us of avoiding it when mortal sickness is upon us is to allow the report to be circulated that you are already dead. The chances are strongly in favour of getting well. Especially is this so if friends begin to arrange for the funeral. A sure sign of early death is for a person to scatter the leaves of a red rose upon the ground. It is extremely hazardous to an infant's life to pare its nails before it is a year old. They should be bitten off, or the grandame will not answer for the consequences. So numerous are the dangerous super- stations about marriage that one could scarcely avoid breaking some of them. In this observation the philosopher may find the solution of the question, 'Why is marriage a failure?' For instance the bride must not try on her wedding gown, or ill-luck will follow. She must not look in the glass after she is fully dressed and ready for the cere- mony. She must not enter her new home by stepping over the threshold, but must be carried over it by one of her relatives. A piece of the bride's cake must be broken over her head as soon as she is safely on the other side. It is very unlucky for her to be in a happy state on her wedding day. She must be as dolorous as possible, violent fits of weep- ing being especially beneficial. It is a good idea for the brides-maids to throw away as many pins as possible on the wedding day, as this will hasten marriage. The bride should throw away her slipper on leaving the wedding feast, and she who catches it will be the first married. The month of May is generally conceded to be the most unfortunate for marriages. The lucky months are January, April, August, Oc- tober and November. January is especially lucky. Lovers should carefully avoid passing a sharp or pointed instrument from one to the other. Such things tend to cause quarrels. The wedding should be put off by all means if a cat sneezes on the eve of the wedding day. It should never take place if the cat is black. To sweep dust over a girl's feet or legs will be certain to make an old maid of her. Should the younger sister of a family marry first, the older sisters will be condemned to lasting celibacy unless they dance at her wedding in their stocking feet. The wedding ring of the mother is an in- fallible cure for eruptions on the skin of the child. The ring must be rubbed three times around each sore. Cure is certain. The virtue of the dew that glitters and sparkles in every leaf and flower of a May morning has been recognized from the ear- liest times. If a young girl wishes to obtain and preserve a glorious complexion she should venture out of a May morning and wash her face in this dew. It also has peculiar power in infant cases of weak back. A child thus affected can be cured by drawing it three times through the wet grass on the first, second and third morn- ings of May. It will cure swollen neck. The treatment here is, however, more difficult. If the sufferer be a male he must wash his neck in the dew that gems the grave of the deceased unmarried woman who died; if a woman, then the grass on the grave of the last young unmarried man must be sought. To spit in the hand before undertaking anything, whether in love, or war, or busi- ness, will not fail to bring luck. If you are out fishing do not step over your rod, or you will catch no more fish than did Simple Simon in his mother's pail. Of births, if may be said in general that a crying child will grow up to be a great and useful man. This omen is not very clearly settled, however, and is often given the other way. Some seer far back in the ages discovered the following: Born on Monday, Fair in the face. Born on Tuesday, Full of God's grace. Born on Wednesday, Sour and sad. Born on Thursday, Merry and glad. Born on Friday, Worthily given. Born on Saturday, Work for your living. Born on Sunday, You will never know want. To recall persons after they have left the house is bad luck. To go back for something forgotten is also bad luck, unless you sit down before going out again. If, when you sit before the fire, a live coal jumps out, it is a sign that you are to have good luck, especially in money matters. To wash in water another has washed in is not only bad sanitarily, but also superstitiously. He who makes many crumbs at the table will never have any money to spare. It is flying in the face of fortune to sweep dust out of the front door or to allow it to be swept out. In so doing you are sweeping out your good luck. To count one's gains bring luck, but to find money is the worst possible luck. The 4-leaved clover, once found, should be treasured, as every school child knows and be- lieves. It brings luck of every description. Eve attempted to carry a 4-leaved shamrock of precious stone from Paradise with her, but it fell and shattered at her feet. Think of the disaster thus entailed upon the human race! To see the moon over the left shoulder is as unlucky as to hold the four of clubs at cards. But the new moon seen over the right shoulder or straight in front, portends fortune as smil- ing as her own bright rays. One should be careful in writing a letter not to cross out a word in it. To do so means that any request you may have made in the letter will not be granted. It is very unlucky to dry a letter before the fire, instead of allow- ing it to dry slowly and naturally. But un- lnckiest of all is it to drop the letter on the floor after finishing it. These are but a few of the many thousands of guides to Life. Follow them all, observe them diligently, and happiness awaits you. Your face will smile like that of a young girl at thought of her beloved. Your pathway will be strewn with roses. If you scoff and scorn beware. For the ghosts and goblins and witches, the spirits of your ancestors who believed all these things and cherished them as the apple of the eye, will plot together against you. Believe them—even a child be- lieves in Santa Claus. They are our only relics of the old, dead past—the faith of legend and story, of simplicity and frankness, when men learned only to shoot the bow and speak the truth. They are the faiths of the childhoods of our race, and as such deserve recognition. Reason may scoff, science scorn, but down in all our breasts the old childhood's faiths re- main. The hand that tries to pluck them out is profane. 