! A Clever Capture ARREST OF A SUPPOSED NOTORIOUS , -' THIEF.1 ' ? ' For some time past d series of robbories 'have been committed around ,Launce3ton, arid up to Saturday last not the slightest clue could be obtained .of the perpetrators. The depredations were sometimes con ducted on a smalJ scale, sucn as piunaenng pantries and fowlfc'ouses of their contents, andas these thefts were invariably attended with succesB the perpetrators must have gained boldness, cs lately robberies of a greater magnitude have been committed, and the offences have been aggravated by attempting to conceal the theft by firing the premises, which unhappily in two instances at least were successful. Among the last of the burglaries that have been reported was that of Mr Gatenby's, for which a reward of £65 has been offered for the apprehension of the scoundrels. So far as we can learn Newstead and its neighborhood was first selected as a field for orierations, several of the residences there being entered and articles ot value purloined, but as the ends of justice might be thwarted no publicity was given. The scene was then taken further afield, and the robberies at Harden Farm and the Waverley Woollen Mills followed, a hut at the former place being burned down. Later on the residence of Mrs. M'Killop was de stroyed by fire, and it was generally sur mised that a theft had been committed and the house fired. -Only recently, the public were as'onished when, particulars were published of the.dastnrdly attempt to burn down the residence. of Mr H. Gatenby, of Rhodes, Longford. As it was in the discovery of the Waver lev Mills robber that light has been shed on most of the other offences, we will publish such facts as we hove been able to gather regarding the occurrence and suspicions aroused. About 3 pm. on the last Satur day of 1888 a hut occupied by a farming hand at Harden Farm was burned down, .and as the place was only a short distance *,.„„, AVn-vorlov. nil the hands enroloved there were soon on the . spot rendering assistance, but as the fire was'.conrined to a small wooden structure and everything, was as dry as a tinder the building was consumed in a very short space of time. Amongst those congregated was a man who had been training one of Mr Fryett's lads for foot- rncing. The lad had some £5 or £0, which he had won as prizes, in the hut, besides all his clothing, together with that of a fellow servant, and as every thing was gone great sympathy was ex pressed for the loss. The case was reported to the police, and it was afterwards dis covered that the purse which contained the money was unearthed from among the debris, being only partly burned, but the money was gone. This circumstance led those'intorested to believe that a theft had been committed, and suspicion was directed to the trainer, who had no reason for his presence at the farm during working hours, although he was very conspicuous in his efforts to allay the fire, but as proof could not be found no action was takeu in the matter. On the night of February 1 a robbery was committed at the Waverley Mills, and about 80 yards of tweeds and four rugs were stolen; the: occurrence being promptly.reported to the ?police by Mr Robert Hogarth in Mr.- Peter Bulman's absence, the latter gentleman being in Melbourne at the time. Search was mado round the mill premises when half the plunder was found hidden in the scrub, evidently intended to be removed at a more convenient time. Tlie plant was watched by the police and some of the mill employers for two days nru) ni',rhts; but nobody coming to claim tiic LMudo Lhcy Wore removed by Mr Hogarth. When Mr Bulman returned he cut patterns corresponding with the stolen tweed, nnd for the lust three months hns been keeping a vigilant look out for wearers of his stolen property. The tweed had a peculiarity only no! ife.ble by. an expert. u.sj it was ntoluu before it was finished off, nnd would show u contrast to that made of the. same patte'ii. Mr Bul man's watchfulness wns rowardud shortly after noon hit Saturday, when, while walk ing up Patterson-street in the direction, of Georije-street, he saw a man going along the latter street, wearing n suit mude of the identical tweed, am'. Mr Uulmnn at once recognised him as the 'minor who ' had been working so assidu ously helping at the Harden Farm fire. -Mr Uulmnn allowed the suspect, who wns on'1 the opposite side of the street, to R«t ahead, and he then crossed and tri: J to overtake him, but the man went into Mr J. M'Donotigh'e wood-yard, v/liiie Mr Bvilman went nnd stood at the t!risbnn«-st.rcet corner ; and as lie wns known to the man, he sent a messenger for Mr liobt. Hogarth, and, giving the latter gentleman a sample of the tweed, took a cab nnd went for the police. The suspect hud then come out of the ynrd, and wns well down Geor,. e-3t,reot when Mr Hogarth ovortook him, and fenling confident they were on the track of the right man, called into Messrs. Ilinmnn nnd Wright's office, and, on li is request, that firm kindly desj. atched a messenger :o lot Mr Bulman know the direction ihe man had taken. Mr Hogarth happened to have a horse in tlie vicinity aud, securing that, he' mounted and; rod'! through .several streets, shadowing his man in u way that entirely disabused any suspicion on the part of the suspect, who then continued over the Tamar bridge, putting off Mine by speaking to several personp, and afterwards reached Inveresk, where Mr Hogarth, leav ing his horse, visited tho Police Station and, going to the back door, obtained the assistance of Constable- O'Brien. The riinn was ' follower! to New street, where he' was accosted ami ques tioned as to how the suit of clothes came into his possession. Owing to the unfinished nature of the tweed no trouble wns experienced in the identifica tion, and the man was taken iu o custody, and on being conveyed to Hie Policj Station was charged by Mr Bulmnii with having stolen property in his possession. When at the station the accused refused to divulge his name or give any clue to his residence, but on being searched insurance papers were found which showed his name to be Roydon Jfriith, and his known occupation that of canvasser to several fire insurance companies. A member's ticket of the Y.M.C.A., and a gold ring and brooch inlaid with pearls, identified v.s that missing when Mrs M'ICillop's house in Lyttleton-street was burned on the 10th February last, were 'also found on his person,' while a small bag, which he carried, sheltered a fowl evidently stolen, being partly plucked and torn - about. Acting Sub-Inspector Green immediately set out to find the whereabouts of Keith's lodgings, nnd discovered a house in Patter son-street, where he had lived, but finding the i accused had removed from thero a fortnight since, he had to renew his search, and at last discovered a room rented by Keith from an old lady, in George street. The room was entered, and thero a miscellaneous collection was found. SuB Inspector Green then returned, and in com pany witn suu-lnspfiCTora ocott, anu Priestly and Constable O'Brien took Keith to his lodgings, and here the man seemed utterly broken down, as he lowered his head and preserved a dogged silence while the various articles were produced. On the mantelpiece rested the Japanese tea service, . while the floor was partially covered with a deerskin mat and hearthrug, and two opossum skin rugs, with a writing desk, all stolen from Mr Gatenby's place the night of the fire. -Ir Bulman's property— a large quantity of tweed, shawls, and rugs— were stacked in a corner, and the balance of Mrs M'Killop's stolen articles, a pair of gold eyeglasses and spectacles, a dress piece of silk, and other minor articles were strewn aoouc, wnue a number of fowl's heads, together with a quantity of feathers, pointed to the er.d of a goodly number of birds, upon which the accused seemed to sustain his peculiar taste. Keith, in company with the stolen property and the police, returned to the station, and later on he was brought before the Bench on charges of arson, attempted arson, burglary, and robbery, and was remanded for a week. Roydon Keith is about 37 years of nge, and in appearance rnther gentlemanly, being about 5ft 6in in height, of slight build, and wearing a full dark beard. He is supposed to be identical with Joseph 3 . Cooper, well known in Hobart as a criminal, having in 1879 beensentenced to 10 years for forgery, and having ohtained some respite from that imprisonment cannot have been at liberty long. During the term he mado thingsparticularly lively in the Hobart gaol, by discovering a tunnel from beneath his coll running under the women's quarters, nn^ fnTi-tnrc n r\ vn n t. n oro nF fchnfc mpllTlB of transit used periodically to appear as a ghost. It is also surmised that the fire which destroyed Mrs Davis' brewery at Longford was the work of Keith, alias , Cooper, or one of that ilk, as a set of silver plate was kept in the pantry where the fire was believed to have originated, and after wards no trace of the silver could be discovered. Great praise is due to Messrs. Bulman and Hogarth, as their prompt action has been the means of securing a fellow who, : under the garb of respectability, has com mitted depredations which show an utter disregard for life and property in a way that only the worst and most inhuman criminals would be guilty of, and property holders have cause to be thankful that liberty has been taken from such a person. Roydon Keith was formally brought before Mr Waterhouse on Monday on the charge of larceny from the Waverley Mills, and was remanded for one week. During the day both the Muni cipal and Selby Police were busily engaged ? in bringing other larcenies to light showing the culprit had a very suc cessf ulrun while the ? game ended, and the appearance of two buggy cloths, a. girth,' : .sponge, and part o_E a buggy harness amongst his possessions pointed to! the ?: - cause of the burning of the stables belong ing to Rev. Ileyward nt Newnhain, for ?which the lightning was blamed, and when tho articles were claimed by Mr Heyward the guilt, was certain. An article answer ing to the description of a communion cloth ?was also noticed, and during the day Mr W. 11\. Westbrook culled at the Police Station ami reported that during last -week the church at Franklin Village had been broken into and the communion cloth, ?which he leioguised, together with two lamps, a piece of matting, a hassock, cushion chair, infuct ev.rything movable, had been pur loined. The watch stolen from Mrs MIC Hop's lire was discovered in a pawn sh ip, and two tweed suits, partially made evidently by the accused, who is a tailor by trade, were amongst th'o finds. Other articles found, some trivial tilings, such as a tin of mustard and a small box of washing blue, gives one au idea that this very eccentric individual followed free trade beyond the ordinary limits, and, carrying the game a little too far, now runs a very good rink of enuing most of the retnninder of hio natural days within the grim walla of a nri on. Jlo^dou Keith has certainly com ma ided a lot of attention since his ar rest, and things tend to showthat ho will remain an absorbing topic for some time to come, judging from the way the police are hunting up new charges. A few of the recent discoveries include the owner-, sliip of a set of buggy harness, removed from the Bre at the Hev. G. T. Heywarrt's, and alter wards sold by Keith to Mrs Fawns, of Penquite, and the articles pur loined from the Franklin Village chapel, with the exception of the chair and one of the lamps. Two swags containing the re maining articles, matting, cushions etc., were found by Sub inspector Webster and ?^niindiliU Ck.inon «F f-lia C»Tlw tiniimi hidden away amongst the gor3e in the vicinity of Young town, the other lanip baiiiK found at the culpriL's house.. From tht' Y.M.C.A. we learn that he was a mem bsr of that institution for a period of abbut tliive weeks only, having obtained admission by false statements, but , upon his character beiug found out he wao ex pelled, an 1 his name removed from the' booluj. In all, he will be proceeded against on five distinct charges, tho local municipal police having charge of the cases at Rhodes and Mrs M'Killop's, and the Selby1:police fliii T-/\liK.AT*f«ie nt- f lia WTilVllfloir Af llld T?»1V Mr Hoy ward's, and the Franklin' Village church. The police have been very, ener getic in procuring evidence, and are still very nctire. The reward of £65 offered by Ml1 Gatenby and the Longford Council will bo distributed after the conviction for the. Rhodes fire is secured, and in all probability the insurance companies interested will augment the sum. 