GOSSIP. Melbourne Gossip. By Viva. MELBOURNE, April 22. Mr. Edmund Finn's ' Chronicles of Old Mel- bourne,' shortly to be published, is to be pro- fusely illustrated. The book has already been largely subscribed for, and should be deeply in- teresting. The pictures will not be the least attractive part of the volume. They are all from original sketches by Mr. W. Withers, and each tells a story without the aid of letterpress. Por- traits of old Victorian identities, either dead or living, will form a feature of the book. ' Collins street in 1838,' 'A Water-cart' of the same date, and ' The First Newspaper Office,' show us how much we have progressed in the last half- century. Collins-street in 1838 was full of wooden houses, trees, and stumps. The water- carts of the same period were barrels drawn by donkeys, and the first printing-office was a humble one-storied shed. A mine of memories to old Vic- torians these pictures should prove. It is interest ing to see the handsome structures in Melbourne at the present day, which are the homes of — The Power that councils and commands, And shapes the social life of lands For good or evil. And then to turn to Mr. Withers' s clever sketch of the primitive newspaper office, where John Fawkner brought out the first journal with infi- nite difficulty. It is said that on one occasion paper was so scarce in the establishment that the manager posted a notice to the effect that unless a supply of paper of some kind — white, blue, or grey — was sent to him at once, the journal must needs give up the ghost. What would Fawkner have said could he have foreseen that fifty years later, on the same plot of ground, there would have been published half a dozen editions of a ' smart ' evening journal ? The 'yellow fever ' still rages fiercely in this city. The wrongs and vices of John Chinaman were almost forgotten when a meeting held a few days since by the Mayor of Melbourne, to collect money for tne sufferers in the China famine, re vived the memory of the much-reviled Chinese. ' Charity begins at home ' was the gist of the re marks made by the representatives of the Socialist and unemployed element amongst us at Mayor Benjamin's meeting in the Town Hall. The Socialist element was promptly quenched, and subscriptions for the starving Chinese have been coming in briskly ; but working-men have not yet grasped the idea of free and open competition in trade, and are by no means ready to hail all comers. They hate the Chinese, and object to see . the money of the country going out to them. By ' no means a generous sentiment this, and one that our journalists have ?' written down ' with vir tuous indignation. But there are two sides to every question. Everybody knows that local charities are seldom the most popular. Mankind likes to see its charities in print, and will give freely when such gifts are to be chronicled and praised. Mrs. Jellaby, we know, made flannel jackets for the little negro boys in Africa while her own boys went to rack and ruin. And in these public displays of charity there is always more or less nf the Mrs. Jellaby element. Marrying and giving iu marriage are in the air, and there has, in consequence, been much talk of and display of wedding gifts. It is a sign of the growing luxury of the age, that simple wedding gifts are almost unknown. Solid silver is coming again into fashion, and is used in the composition of everything, from button-hookB to salverB. Re pousse work in gold and silver promises to be popular, and this charming work is used in the ornamentation of jewel-boxes, exquisite enough to have tempted the soul of Gretchen, Egyptian rases, bonbon-boxes, and numberless dainty trifles. Repousse work dates from the sixteenth century, and the time of Benvenuto Cellini in Italy, which is probably one reason of its popularity, as Queen - Bess architecture and Queen Bess furniture ' are both amongst us. Vechte, a French artist, introduced repousse work into England, and some of his specimens shown at the great Exhibition of 1851 were pronounced to be equal to the Italian work of the sixteenth century. Several beautiful specimens of repousse work, from designs by Monsieur Morel-Ladeuil, a French artist, are now being displayed in Melbourne. Repousse work is used for all the adjuncts of the toilette, and when one sees etuis and bonnet brushes, and powder-boxes and flasks, and scent bottles made of or adorned with this costly work, we realise that the nineteenth century iB one of much luxury, of much invention of hundreds of artificial wants. Andrew Lang avows that this age is very much like that of Marcus Aurelius, and we do not leave the old Romans behind in luxury if we do in aught else. The only social function worth mentioning is the April Meeting of the V. R. C. It took place at the Flemington racecourse lastSaturday, and a glorious day brought a goodly assemblage of fashionable folks together. High teas were held on the lawn, and the scene was a very gay one. Most of the women present had had. a long sea-side holiday, and had put on their new autumn gowns. For both these reasons they looked well. Recent advices from London state that Directoire gowns are 'out,' and fashionable London ladies only aiiect the Empire modes ; but we are slower to adopt new fashions here, and Directoire gowns have only just now taken a firm hold on the affections pf our women. Directoire jackets, coats, hats, and parasols, or rather walking-sticks, were very much en evidence at Flemington last Saturday. ~Not that the Empire modes were not noticeable also. Lady Clarke's gown of cloth of the colour of a snake was made in a modernised Empire mode, and the richness of the variegated green embroideries would have satisfied Josephine herself. Greens were every where — gold-green and olive, lincoln-greeh, chartreuse, foam. Mrs. Alexander Murphy's very elegant dress was of warm olive-green cloth, striped with crimson, and elaborately trimmed with dark green moire. Mrs. Robert Power wore lin coin-green cloth, with . velvet primming of a darker shade. Next to green,, -black was noticeable, but this' is chiefly because two-hued gowns have been brought in by the Directoire modes, and black is nearly always chosen for one of the colours, black and gray w ere ctombinedin a chic gown. ' ADircctoire coat . of black velvet opened over a petticoat of alter- ' gray silk,' and the severity of the -coat-lines was hroken by a broad sash of -silver-gray. A bodice spray of violets gave just the required touch of colour. Mrs. Meecham, who is seen at all our large social gatherings, wore a dainty gown of dove-gray lustre, with a broad Empire sash of white moire and a rose-coloured bonnet. None of the gowns were in the least loud ,or vulgar. The taste of Australian ladies is improving yearly by the aid * ' - ^ -v $ of travel and increased culture. We do not wear so much black as Englishwomen, ' those models to the universe but this is because our sunny clime seems to forbid sombre garments. Directoire fashions are likely to remain amongst us for a long timp to come. They suit all figures except those of the very stout woman whom nothing suits. When the minds of women are so enlarged that Airs. Grundy will allow them to wear pre cisely what suits them, the stout woman wiU don Grecian draperies, which give both height and grace. ' Should Women be Doctors r' was the title ef a -debate recently held by the Girls' Debating Society in connection with Trinity College Hostel. The debate was decided in the affirmative by seven votes to three. The girl graduates discuss all sorts of questions, such as protection versuB free trade, besides the topics more intimately affect ? ing themselves. They learn to speak well, if they do nothing else, and how few women (an speak to the point! How often do they go back, to the beginning of created. things when they want; ' to point a moral or adorn a tale r' GiffSl- debating clubs should change all that Do the public en dorse the verdict of the Trinity College graduates as regards lady doctors? Not yet.' Do ifot the public shrink from everything that is new ? ' People like to be told what they know, not what they don't know,' says a keen observer of human nature. However, I foresee a bright future for Australian lady doctors in days to come. In Conservative England as well as in Democratic America, women-doctors flourish. And we, who pride ourselves on being 'heirs of all the ages,' and aU the nations, as: the youngest born rape, will be sure to welcome the innovation of female physicians in time. ' The advance of women in useful attainments,'' says Charles Read, 'is the most infallible sign of the progress of a nation and the most ardent opponent of lady doctors can hardly say, especiaUy when stretched upon a bed of sickness, that medical lore is not a ' useful attainment.' The worst of it is we are all too fond of hygiene nowadays to make the profession of a doctor so profitable a one as might reasonably be expected. We approve of sanitary lights and disapprove of gas ; we wear sanitary clothing, study, physiology, and have fads about indigestible foods. All these things are naturally annoying to a doctor, who must live, so to speak, on the follies and imprudences of his fellow-men. There are, however, ignorant ones who know nothing about hygiene, and imprudent ones who won't know anything about it, and the doctors, men and women, may still hope. ' Four hostile newspapers,' said Napoleon, ' are worse than a thousand bayonets.' Mr. David Gaunson has just experienced the truth of this observation. The newspapers have written him out of Parliament. But Mr. Gaunson is a man of resources. He i6 about to establish a newspaper of his own. This new ' liberal and protectionist' journal is to be established in opposition to the Age. Mr. Gaunson has held a meeting of the supporters of this hew venture, when Sir Bryan O'Loghlen took the chair. The policy of the paper was laid down by the ex-M.P. for Emerald Hill. One of the most novel features about it is that it is proposed, in this journal to give a faithful report of what happens in Parliament, Should this plan be carried out, I fear the circulation will be but limited. What public would consent to be bored by the uncondehsed inanities of all the speeches made in our Witenagemot ? Dr. Bevan, our leading Congregationalist minister, has made a new departure. He pro poses, after Easter, to deliver a series of Sunday evening lectures for students. Dr. Bevan is a Welshman, with much of the fire, energy, and talent of Mb race. In appearance he is not unlike the portraits of the late John Bright. He has a fine presence, a well-shaped and powerful head, and a genial countenance. Extremely liberal in his views, he is open to all the influences of the age, and he is unwearying in his efforts to bring religion home to the various classes of his large city congrega tion. He holds midday services for business men every Thursday, and now he is attacking the students. The titles of his lectures are suggestive : ?: ' Modern Devotedness to Intellectual Pursuits,' j ' Religion and Literary Culture,' ' The Study of j the Law,' 'The Physician as Priest,' 'Can ? Science be Religious ?' 'The Faith of the Artist,' and 'Religion and Theology.' They ' I should appeal directly to all those who have given | in their allegiance to study. I may note here i that our Anglicans assembled in great force at the Deanery on Wednesday, April 10, to congratulate Dean MacCartney on having attained his 90tli year. The venerable Dean is certainly a wonderful old man. His mind is as clear as ever, though his body is frail. In spite of much hard work in ? his younger days and an enervating climate, which tries even youth and health, the l)ean still lives, with what Sydney Smith would call ' the per sistent malignity of a bishop.' j The most interesting entertainment on Good Fri- j day night was Mr. G. C. Miln's lecture at the Opera-house on 'The Church and the Stage.' ' As Mr. Miln forsook the pulpit for the stage, he is well qualified to speak on this subject. The Opera.-house was crowded with an appreciative audience, and Mr. Miln traced the history of the Church and the Stage from the early Grecian times to our own days. He detailed experiences of his own to prove that the clerical rage against the drama hardly exists at all at the present day. In Indiana on one occasion a preacher lent Mr. Miln the pulpit chairs for the throne scene in 'Hamlet,' and a Catholic priest, on another occasion, ga\e him the biretta he wears as Richelieu. Mr. Miln defended the stage as the fosterer of virtue and the castigator of vice, an educator and a good social influence, and fondly ' pictured the time when the Church and the Stage should work hand in hand for the good of man kind. That time has not yet arrived, and, until the public come to prefer Shakspeare to farce, more or less broad, the educational influence of the stage must be limited. - 