DOROTHY'S LETTER. 'DEAREST ETHEL.-Another year bas nov. almost gone, and Christmas is onoe more rapidly approaching. It is a season filled with memories of the psst, most of them more or less pleasant-memories, to many of nt, of Christmas day spent in the real old English fashion : Christmas with the snow lying thick on the ground, the long evening* enlivened with thrilling ghost stories; tbs Christmas carols ; the Christmas tree ; and last, but not least, the Christmas dinner, when relations and friends from far and wide are gathered together to partake at one board of the good fare provided for them, the chief items of wbioh were generally the Christmas turkey, tbe buge sirloin of beef, and the enormous plum pudding with the lighted brandy burning brightly around the sprig of holly stuck in the centre. And then oome thoughts of tbe merry games indulged in after dinner ; games ot blind man's buff, hunt the slipper, snapdragon and so on, heartily eojoyed, and joined in, without loss of dignity, by old at well as youug. I must not forget, too, the Christmas decorations, wreathe of holly and evergreens, encircling the picturee and framing the doors ; and, above all, the bunch of mistletoe, the innocent cause of to much fun and frolic, and, I daresay, not a little heart-burning. Those are indeed days and customs worth remembering, but now, I fear, rapidly becoming days and customs entirely of the pest ; for the younger generations of to-day ere precocious, and are not satisfied with such simple enjoyments and pastimes. How different IB the Christmas day of Australis. Generally a day of sweltering heat, with the thermometer somewhere about 100° in the shade, our greatest exertion is to keep still, nod fan ourselves However, notwithstanding this state of languor, when the dinner hour comes round we force ourselves to est, and try to persuade ourselves, much against our better senBe, that we are enjoying the steam- ing plum pudding and mince pies to which we still cling, more for the sake of "auld Ung syne" than aught else. And a great mistake it ls. Other lands, ether customs. Even in BO small a matter as dinner the arrangements should be made suited to the climate and surroundings. Therefore, in my opinion, an Australian Christmas dinner should be of the coolest and most refreshing description, composed principally of Iced puddings, fruits, ftc, wbicb would prove far more acceptable on a hot day than the richest of plum puddings or the most enchanting of mince pies. Our new governor, Lord Hopetoun, has now fairly started on bis vioeregal duties. As both be end his wife have come to Viotoria with the intention of being popular, popular they no doubt will become ; and the irobabillty is that under the new rtgimt Melbourne will become more go . ahead, espeoUlly in social mattera, than bas been the ouse before. Great preparations were made for the welcoming of the new Governor ; the s.B. Borne was chartered by the government, and with most of the Ministers and Members of Parliament on board, proceeded down the bey, where on meeting the Britannia, the governor and his euitt were taken on board and tbe Borne at once steamed baok to the city. The sneering lo oeremony took place at about fonr o'clock ia front of the Treasury buildings, where every available nook was oooupied by the onlookers. The Earl and Countess drove up iu a most imposing manner. An outrider led the way in a powdered wig, black hat and cockade, and lull livery, He was mounted on a splendid horse, with blaok and gold trappings. The carriage was drawn by fonr horses, ridden by postillions, in wigs, cookadea and ahort jackets. On the right arm of eaoh was embroidered the Earl's coronet, also on that of the outrider. The Countess, who ls very pretty, was well oooupied by acknowledging the cheers of the populace, bowing continuously right and eft. She U a brunette, with regular features, large eyes end a nice complexion. She wore a gown of blaok royal silk, showing a vest of rose pink, and richly trimmed with jet. Her bonnet WSB floral, oomposed chiefly of pink roses and soft green leaves. She cari led a magnificent presentation bouquet of white carnations aod maidenhair, and having a large central "H"formed of deep red roses. It waa in a satin and laoe holder and was tied with the Earl's colours-navy blue and gold. The Earl le about half a head taller than hit wife, and has a pleasant sun-burnt fsoe. Of conree there were roany introductions, although owing to tba crush not many ladies were presented. His Excellency and his wife have altogether made a favourable impression, and lt ts easily seen that they both intend doing their utmost to make their term of offioe pass pleasantly as well as profitably. On MoDday last the Metropolitan Leidertafel gave an extra concert in aonour of tbe new governor. Of course the hui waa crammed, cariosity bringing those who would oat come for music elone. The hall waa prettily decorated, a large basket of flowers befog K- oed In front of Lady Hopetonn's chair.. e audience wat agreeably surprised to find - that His Excellency ls s model of punctuality, arriving at the ball in time to a second. Ae you may imagine, great curiosity was evinced aa to what the countess would wear on her first appearanoe. Visions of her ladyship oomlng in foll dress and sparkling with diamonds were conjured up, and therefore a good deaL of disappointment and no little surprise waa felt at tbe simplicity of the costume worn by Lady Hopetoun. Aa it was she was attired tn a perfectly appropriate oonoert toilette. Her gown was demi-trained, and of rioh black broche. The bodies wu out with a small aguare ia front, and blgh at the baok, finished with the modified Medid collar now to popular. This and the high epaulette were of blaok velvet and out jet. Tbe elbow sleeves and petticoat were of exquisitely oat jet on net. Her raveo-blaok hair was done in French coils-that is, having a slightly waved fringe in front, and eight or ten tiny twists reaching from the crown of the head to the nape of the neck. She wore no ornamente, except a few brooohes tn the front of her bodice, and one dUmond bracelet. Her mantle was of blaok plush, handsomely ornamented with cut jet ; and she carried a beautiful bouquet of stephanotis, orchids,; carnations and maidenhair fern. Mrs. Hood, Lady Hopetoun's sister, was dressed in » very similar manner, only in her oase the dress was oomposed of watered silk instead of broché. Bbc also wore no jewels, except flt the front ol her bodice. Bather a novel fancy fair waa held last. week, hi aid of some church fonds, lt was all in the open air, an interested lady lending her grounds for the occasion. There were numerous little tents erected, eaob tent being occupied by one stall, or a "Ponoh and Judy show," en art gallery, an Aunt Sally, a fortune-teller and so on. One of the gi eat attractions was a Christmas tree, off which every child received a present free of charge: 'During the after- noon a concert waa held, at which some prominent Melbourne amateurs assisted, boluding Mrs. Nesbitt, MIBS Croaker, Dr. O'Hara, and Mr. 8weet. Altogether it was a most picturesque and attractive sight, and will, I think, pay aa it deserved. Several of the shops in town have been showing some exquisite dresses for anmmer wear. I will desoribe one cr two that were particularly pretty. I mast tell you first that although some of the best shops pet one small 1 steel and a flat pad at the top of the skirt, others, considered quite aa fsshionsble, do i not ase either, bat depend entirely upon the > arrangement of the back drapery to ¿ive the required fullness. One of the first to attract notice wat a fttt dreaa of ivory white woollen > crepe-de-chine. The skirt had a handsome I panel of silk guipure of the same ahade, with , a narrow fan pleating of merveilleux introduced ; on the opposite aide a fold , of the material wak smartly completed with two flat pearl buttons. The bodice waa mads with a blouse front of pleated merveilleux, and corselet bodioe of guipure, while the back was tight-fitting. A tiny fan pleating com Íueted the sleeve, end m. merveilleux euh wea oosely knotted on one side. A very pretty« bnt mach simpler walking tiesas was of French delaine of s delicate swede of egg green, combined with serpent-green velvet. Xwo rove of machine stitching completed the skirt, which although plain had nothing of severity in the outline, owing to a skilfully arranged shell pleating. The bodice was completed by a sarah front and a directoire raffle. New flannels for |morning wrappers have leaves, flowers, or arabesques of a dark colour on a light ironed, and some have a border near one selvage in pointed Vandyke design. Other flannels have tone upon tone of one colour, in pretty old rose shades, Gobelin blue, grayish hues, and pale pearl colour on dark royal purple. One of the latest fads of the season is the combination of moss green, pine green, willow-green, poppy-green and as many more greens as possible. These odours are ehown in prints, embroideries, or garnitures of ribbon, wedding, Ac. This is certainly copying nature very olosely, and a costume in which the gown, bonnet, wrap, and parasols each show a different shade of green is oertainly apt to remind one of a garden in which the foliage plants sire not yet relieved by the glowing colours of their blossoms. I Yonr» ever, DOROTHY. 