Chatter YTTTT. — ' Off with the Old Love, on with the New.' As Luke Standish had clearly foreseen, the fact of his sudden flight on the morning of the trial had added the last link to the chain of evidence which convinced Kate Leigh that her late lover was certainly guilty of the offence laid at his door. It was impossible for her to interpret the incident in any other way, and the fact of his destination being carefully hidden, even from his mother, went to show that he feared that the law might follow him. Not only was he a guilty wretch but a cowardly one. who had sinned and fled from the consequences. And now, being thoroughly satisfied that Luke was unworthy of her love, she strove to Hani ah him from her heart and mind— -a tdsk she would never have striven to accomplish had her^tender, loving nature been able to discover the slenderest excuse for his conduct But all was dark ae pitch against Luke — nowhere glimmered the faintest streak of light. So guilty was he that he had not dared to face her during the past week. She did not know that the poor fellow had waited for her by the stile until he was half-frozen, and that he afterwards came to the cottage and was denied *M ftrw^ffs to her. Mrs. Leigh had thought it best to say nothing to Kate about Luke's visit, and this omissioD of the mother's caused the daughter to unjustly record another black mark against the pitman's name. Kate had not yet recommenced work, as her mother was still supposed to be unwell, and the girl still shrank from the idea of resuming her place among the pit-brow women. Since the day she Left work she had never ventured beyond the confines of the cottage, her fear of encountering the curious glances of people having been developed instead of being decrease i by her retirement. And during the past few dajs the girl had perceived a change in Arthur WilleBden's demeanour towards herself. He was still as deferential as ever, quite as respectful in every way, but his voice appeared to have a tone now that it had lacked previously — his lightest word a 'leaning that stae had not noticed before. It was plain to Kate now that Willesden was not only a warm, admiring friend, but a devoted lover also. A shadowy, indefinite something Bhe clearly apprehended, yet could not have defined, told her of the transition which had taken place in Arthur's position and feelings towards her. She would not have discovered this change so readily had not her mother dropped tuch very plain hints regarding what might possibly happen now that a certain unworthy hulk of a fellow had taken himself out of the way. And when Kate came to notice Willesdeu's manner she was forced to think that her mother had made a shrewd guess at bis feelings. And if, as Mn. Leigh had intimated, their handsome and generous hearted lodger had loved her all along, it was certainly very nohle of him never to overstep the boundaries of friendship so long as she was engaged to the man who had fled from his native town. But now that everything bad altered, and her engagement was a thing of the past, he had certainly the right to try and win her : and thinking over the matter, K»fa» could not help feeling impressed by the delicate and honourable way in which Arthur had behaved. She respected the young fellow very much, had a great admiration for his handsome appearance and gentlemanly ftAATf***. and the debt of gratitude she and her mother owed him it would never be, she feared, in their power to repay. She even regretted that she did not return Willesden's affection, for was he not worthy of any woman's love ? And what was she but an ignorant pit-brow girl ? One of a class despised by many ; and what man in Arthur's position — save himself — would think of choos ing a wife from her walk of life? AH the ci rr, ti in b*3*' **-ab of the «^m*» ? Bave one —pleaded in Willesden's favour. He had played his part so well as to cast a glamour over both mother and daughter, and it was probable that when he designed to ask Kate to marry him she would consent. The only thing that militated against him was the ghost of the old love which still haunted the girl, but which she was constantly endeavouring to lay. At last the crisis came. It was a couple of days after Luke's flight, and Arthur resolved to put his fate to the touch that evening, should a favourable opportunity present itself. He had given Mrs. Leigh a hint of hia intention in the morning, and she applauded his resolution, promising to give him the After nightfall, when the household work was over, and Kate had donned a bright coloured dress of print, which set off her simple beauty as a tuft of green leaves sets off slipping out to some of her neighbours, leaving her daughter by the fireside knifing. The closing of the back door warned Arthur, who was on the alert, that his opportunity grasping it. He advanced into the kitchen bis dark face flushed and handsome, his black eyes flashing with the light of love and hope. She glanced up as he cams *', according him a smile of welcome, and accepting this as an omen of success, he went towards the fire place, saying :— ' Busy, I see, Miss Leigh ?' *' Yes, in a email way,' she responded, the bright needles twinkling in her deft fingers. ' My mother has just gone to Mrs. Dawson's.' ** Then we shall be alone fora few minutes, and I am glad, for it gives me an opportunity I have long desired. Do you know. Miss Leigh, that I bave come to ''»k«* a confes 