OCCASIONAL PAPERS. GHOSTS. Br Wvbeut Reeve. I am not following in the footsteps of I Ibsen, it is not the hereditary ghost, or corse of disease, descending from parent to child, as the penalty of ein, I am going to write about—that everyone must believe in— I though why " the sins of the father " should | be visited on the child is something of a mystery, however physically to be accounted for. The ghosts of my present paper are phantoms which, though I do not believe in tbem with the super stitious sense of many, I freely admit I cannot account tor or explain away, when we bear tbem so frequently vouched for. I am bound to acknowledge a super natural agency in the world beyond my ordinary comprehension, and I try to recon cile my doubts with the theory that an ex traordinary sympathy often exists between certain minds or bodies, and many of the stories ire read about or are told may be ex plained br ttii* f«ct Heath and dancer : "by those we love is sometimes revealed by mysterious magnetic intluence—space is annihilated—the messenger floats on the wings of sympathetic imagination, and the pain or loss without contact with the reality is realised. It it, perhaps, an unsatisfactory conclusion: yet I must reject the ordinary theory of spiritualism which some reconcile with the facts of these ghostly phantoms. I am »'in; to tell a tew ot these visitations, which i have heard described by thoroughly reliable persons. The first ie a story I heard from an oid iaiy Jiving at Ry-ie, in the laleot Wight, who told it with the absolute con fidence of relating a i <ct to which she was a personal witness. When a girl cf 19 ^.ht was engaged to 1 e married to a young fisherman, who lived with his father at the back of tiie island, near Click Gang Chine. The sister of the young man had been her school-fellow and companion, and as it was within a few weeks of her marriage with her brother, she had gone down to stay a few days at their cottsge. The cottage was in a deep gully extending inland trotn the coast a little to the north of Black Gang Chine. It stood by itself, protected by high cliffs at the back and in front. It had four rooms, two on the ground floor, and one small attic under the thatched roof above, and a small outbuilding for the storage of wood and boat gear. In front of the cottage there was a garden, with low, green-painted railings, and a gate opposite the front door. Before the gate an old watercourse made its way to the sea. One bright autumn afternoon daring her visit she and tire fisherman's daughter walked down to the boat to assist in the departure of father and son on a fishing ex cursion. It was their intention to remain away for a day or two. The boat was a strong, heavily-built craft, Buch as small fishermen are in the habit of using off the English coast, fitted to lire through the rough gales they occasionally have to en counter. Ail hands set to work to get the nets in order, to stow away the food, and launch the boat At length she floated, the sails were made trim, and with waving hands and an affectionate "good-bye"they started. The two girls watched the boat until, round ing a headland, she was lost to sight. They had no thought of fear, as the lather was a thorough-going old salt, who had laced all weathers both as boy and man. Ilia father had been a fisherman before him, living in the same old cottage. His wife dying early, he was left with the son and daughter ; the former followed in his foot steps, the latter attended to all the domestic duties of his little household. The two girls as they walked back to the cottage talked of tbe future, building up the urnal castles in the air, of happy content ment in their bumble lives. Reaching the cottage tbey at once set to work putting it in order, for the men always left work behind them to do. When everything was tidy they sat down talking and ringing under tbe little rose-covered p >rch- As the gloaming fell, far away at sea tbey saw a dark storm-cloud rising, the blue of the sea grew darker, the wind came sweeping up the chine, and as tbe last rays of the setting sun fell upon tbe ocean, the waves began to rise quickly, and the white crests turned to molten gold. At first a few large drops fell, then the rain came down in torrents, tbe electric clouds broke, and vivid lightning lit up the dark gloom of the night For hours it lasted ; the two girls were silting in tbe cottage room, now thinking of (be father and the eon they bad parted from with anxious hearts. Tbe outside shutter bad broken from its fastening, and was burled from time to time with dangerous force bjr the wind against the window. The fisherman's daughter, the more cou rageous of the two, irom being far more familiar with the storms on the coast, opened the front door and went out to fasten the shutter back, leaving her companion, balf tainting with tear, kneeling on the floor. It was about 11 o'clock ; tbe rain and « wind appeared to loll for a minute, and from behind a black cloud the moon was just appear ing. The girl closed tbe shutter, and was returning to tbe door, when immediately out side the gate there stood the outline of a cloud like ghostly figure, white and spectral, point ing to tbe sea She stood paralyzed for a moment, then advanced. As she advanced it receded, and as she readied tbe gate it "vanished into air." At that moment a vivid flash of lightning lit up the Bea and a loud shriek came from tbe girl in the cottage. Going in she found her companion speechless, point ing to the window at the back. She seemed transfixed with horror, theu, fainting with fear, she clung to the fisherman's daughter. When able to speak -she described a figure and tase, like that seen in front of the cottage, appearing like a shadow at the window. When the old lady arrived at this part of the narrative she Baid—" I saw it, sir, just as plainly as I see yoor face now," .She re jected atoncemy suggestion that it might have begp an optical delusion, attributable to «ud fear. She argued the* could not both hive been deceived. » —• torn vu still fixed on bfJhnf**4** asvividly as 1 Feetinw certain at on~ *> - *■ * to the two t>W , »•"» usaeraea, ther"»»!i?5 and watched for hours, then crept^qSS?4 and lay down upon the bed. Alter darluS bad broken, a knock came to the boSdS? and the fisherman « daughter hastened doS,' An old fisherman was there, a friend of hi father's. She at once gnesaedb'wettana-jS told her. He was neat to the boat ofu. father when it foundered in the storm, hea*. it go down, and heard their cries for "heir?" but tbe sea was too rough to save them. a» asked the hour it happened. Eleren o'clock the hour they had seen the phantom. ~~ Another strange tele was told me of the sea by a gentleman holding one of n» highest appointments in the Australian colonies. He relatedit asoccurringtoareUtive of bis own, the captain of a man-of.w&r; in the Imperial service. One night the captain had been examining the chart in hit cabin to ascertain the exact position of the shin and some rocks, when he was called away £ the deck. After some little time he retained, and to his amazement saw seated in the dudt he had left, looking upon the chart, the in. distinct figure of a man, who appeared to be in distress, as it exhausted from the sea, and his shirt was torn and dirty. The face *u starved, pale, haggard. Before the captain could recover from his surprise the fonn'wu pone. Doubting his senses, he waiked acton the cabin to the chair. The vision or t»W tAin Ka^ 1*4"* *"*J * *uc *jM0® Ot phan. 2Pi*« blood. The'foce, tiRnnCanif rence haunted him. and chart, lie saw a email red croas^lhidi was quite sore was not »W„ i" tca he was quite sore was not thete befn» £e looked at it, and it had the aowJ?™ J u -■ — uH«ugc occur* rence haunted him, and at length be resolved to retrace his course to the spot to which the cross pointed, feeling certain the warn ing waa not eiven without reason. His vessel arrived just as morning broke; he hid kept on deck all night, and looking oat {« saw something floating on the waters. Reaching it he found a poor wrecked sailor (ashed to a piece of wreck, dying of exhaaa tion. Tbe man had the face oi the vision of -his cabin. This instance is the moresingalu f5^rAe^pUmotth?m,8loflWfiK.fe {*• strange sailor. I heard some years ago another story ol a death warning, and it was told me by a tela tion of the lady to whom it occurred. She was the wife of an officer engaged with the arm? before Sebastopol. She waa living in London at the time, and had been spending tbe evening with her sister and some friends. U had been a merry one, with singing and danc ing. and she had for a time ceased to think of her husband's danger. She had not been so happy for many months, and had been made more so by a letter received that morn ing, in which he said the advance trenches would soon be completed, and tbe war orer the town must fall. He had fortunately escaped so far with little sickness, and with out a wound. Tbe deep depression and anxiety of the past year appeared to be draw ing to a close. Slro was young, pretty, fascinating, and a great favourite in society. A friend drove her home rather late in the evening. And, aj she described it, the moment she entered the house a strange, lonesome, dead feeling came upon her—a nameless dread of an impending sorrow. Every step she took in the dull •lark hall and np the stairs filled her with horror, as if approaching it Her maid wai sitting half-asleep in the bedroom, the fin was nearly out H ousing up the girl, she told her to rekindle it, and light the candles, and then sat down, assisted by the girl to prepare tor bed. Feeling it was quite useless going there, as she could not sleep, she palled her dressing-gown round her, and sending tbe girl to bed, threw herself into an easy chair before the fire. She eat thinking of her husband, until tired and worn-out and weary, her eyes closed in a kind oi half-sleep. A slight noise roused her. She looked round, and from the end oi the room near the door, out of the darkness, in a strange shadowy mist, she Baw her husband, sword in hand; Ins face was pale,bloody, and his eyes, tboagb looking fondly on her. had the strange glazed far-away look oi eternity, which sometimes accompanies a violent death. With a load cry she rose, and rnshed towards him; the vision was gone, and she fell paralysed with fear upon the floor. The servant rushed in, and for hours she remained '"®®ns''>'£ Nothing could calm or appease her. when she revived at length, a letter came from a brother officer. Her husband had fallen leading a night attack on an *®™DCei1 Russian post, and so far as could be as certained it must have been just about toe time she had seen him. This story reminds me of another some what similar, I read some years back, ana i think it is told by the Rer. Cbas. his reminiscences. A very charming pan? girl, who was engaged and devotedly attacB to an officer away with his army in under the Duke of Weljington, was pwn* and einging at an evening ParJJ" . the narrator was also present. She beautiful voice, and "cauwilu ruiw, win o.w.. - „ auadtng, sat down to toe piano. She wtsuof !?£•.* —if I remember rightly it *u The Banks of Afiau Water;"the aubjeetu ® Sri deserted by her lover soldier. She had ' ~J '-•» mmp when ber face • R"« UCKIKU u, reached tbe last verse when ber isce suddenly changed to a look of unspeakable horror, a fond cry burst from her lips, and •he tell insensible from her seat. For eeveral * " —4-A- etiinor, Wocfl "btj Acs a "iimiqu/nj day's she remained in a etate of stupor. nu«* •We to recall what bad taken place, she told her mother she hod eeen ber lover «<«» down to death by a French cavalry soldier. with her, but toe Hap mrtt.Vipr Lrirtl tO fCftSOD news arrived in & few days. It wab {*••«— *.raei o» that evening, and in the manner the poor girl described, at Qaatre Bras, bet lover had been cut down. . A lady told me tbe following siopikr circumstance 'occurring to herShe w* travelling in America with a theatrical co®' pany, having left her mother in a dty s®o* three hundred miles away. One nifi"'eM felt greatly depressed, and remarked it to some of the ladies in the company; she felt qoi® certain something was about to happen to w. Going hack to tbe hotel, she could not e» her supper, and going to bed, lay uncomfortably thinking and doting. * . church clock struck 2; it rouBed her, and I* toiputea afterwards she beard Jf I seemed to be her mother's voice, in enddeo Pain. She looked op, and in the moonligii between the window and the bed eheaa*. shadowy form—tbe outline of a veiled ogon, with her mother's face, looking on her sorrow. She got out of bed. It She felt convinced her mother was dew.. f/fpft and packed up a few tbtoga the morning, and writing a short note explanation ho her manager, started for j10 by the first .train. When she arrived J# ®ofbar was deed. The/ said »be bad diw 2 o clocks cftltiM upon iw name. ' Certainly thp most dramatic phost etoir \- ever heard was connected with /» manor-house In the .North of Bhigtoio^ to the border land of Sootfand. Theboo" was pointed oat to me in a slate of f]",. ■ dec®*. It had not been inhabited lot owv years, was situated in a valley, with grand old hills near, and trees in the wild park lands centuries old. The tale was this Abont a hundred years ago the lord of the manor died leaving two sons—one, the younger, a reckless spendthrift. The eldest inherited the estate, and mairied a young, beautiful, and high-spirited girl. One day he was brought home dying : he had been Bhot by the brother accidentally when firing at a stag. It was more than suspected—indeed believed for certain—that it was not accidental, but a deliberate murder. There was no proof, how ever. Failing a male issue the estate reverted to the brother, and as there had been no children, he inherited. After behaving in the most shameful manner to the young widow, denying her every comfort, he brought to the house a low-bred creature be had married, who not only took every opportunity of insulting the unfortunate widow, but encour aged two young ruffianly boys Bhe badtodo the same. It culminated in a terrible quarrel, when the widow.unable to control her feelings, accused him of the murder of his brother. He knew the poor creature had nowhere to go, but he turned her out of the house in a cold winter's night, when the ground outside was covered deeply with snow. As she left the house she uttered & bitter carse, and declared her spirit would haunt the house, and the. generations of his family that should inhabit it, that death and ruin should fall upon them, and that the house from that night should' be doomed to fall into decay. Her dead body was found in the park the next day. Her prophecy was fulfilled, her figure every night passed from the room, down thestairs,andout at the door. Theowner, haunted by aconBtant dread, night after night Btood with pistol ready, and Bever&l; times bred at the phantom, but the bullet passed through air only. He died in delirium, the widow was drowned by a flood, the two boys led a wild life for a time, and with drink, when in the house, tried to drown the horror of the spectre. They squandered their fortunes, the estate was sold, the new owners soon shunned the house as haunted, and it waB left as I saw it, quickly falling to decay. 