Doris Baby. BY RACHEL CAREW. Continued from our last. Alafl ! ' mamma's ' eyes only saw the ' Jiind of dreams while her daughter aud maid were absent. The baby contessa becoming particularly fretful, the nurse bethought herself o£ a pos sible pin, or to ) tight string and carried the baby off to toilet room No. 2 to investigate. a t f.liiu inncture the Montefiore carriage \ drove up in a tremendous hurry. There was not a moment to lose. The Signor^ Oonte had been telegraphed for to go to hiB son, who was very ill, and it was only by a miracle that they had wrung out the time to come for the Contessina. The Signor Confce must have the carriage in twouty minutes without fail. ' Go,' said Mr. Lyman to the footman, ' and take the baby from the nurse ; she is waiting at the door. -You need have no words with her, as she is paid and dismissed. Make baste and don't wake the child.' _ To the great disgust of the affectionate uncle the new nurse had not been able to come in the carriage for the baby, and he must have a tete-a-tete drive with it. For tunately, it was not far. While the^ man was gone for the baby he busied himself Arranging a bed of shawls in the carriage, big enough for the infant's grandfather to rep.we ^comfortably on. 'There, I hope she will sleep,' he said, giving his work a final pat. ' The footman dashed into the waiting room, ' cast a hasty comprehensive glance about and then gathered up the unconscious Trotty as the . only infant in the room. He quietly with drew him from the partially overhanging draperies of the snoring old woman at his side, whora he took for the nurse. ' Madonna mial what a fright . the old girl will have V. ? when she finds the baby gone 1 It servesjher though j she ought not to go to sleep £? ^pj&C; post, and I have 110 time for explana % ? eB- 'SoSeSiaf, on the bench opposite, con ^ .,ed to sleep the sleep, of tbe juBt, and grotty was bore away. ' Asleep, Caroline ! That's lucKy. .rue ? lier down gingerly, my boy, on these shawls. AU right. Avansi 1' and the count's car riage rolled off. Before the rattle of the -vheels dashed away there was an animated scene in the ?' waiting room at Verona. Doris, her toilet adjusted, sought out the nest where she had left her pet, but to her horror, the bird had flown ; then arose tears and lamentations that would have melted granite. Where is be, her darling her be»uty? She did not care ✓ if the whole world knew he was a dog — only v-let someone return him, and he should have any reward he asked for. Someone testified to having seen a footman in livery come in ? and take away the baby, or dog, or whatever ??'it* was. 'A case of abduction, then, and ? more hopeless than ever 1' wailed Doris. The imperturble Abruzzi nurpe, with her baby f, sleeping as sweetly -as an angel, blinked ; t stupidly at the excited people around her, ' '-not understanding or caring about their evident distress. She only wondered vaguely , . -why the Signor Conte's carriage was so slow J in coming. Presently Harold Layman, with a face as white as a ghost, dashed into the room ; he carried a lace handkerohief in his hand, and -r-.yent straight up to the. weeping Doris say ing: — ' Madam is this your property f I 1\. believe it is for I noticed the same name on 'your poitmant#au in tbe train,' ' Yes, it is mine. It was round my dar ' * ling Trottv's neck. Is he still alive 1 Pray, don't tell ma he is dead I' ' * Very much alive, my dear young lady, #nd I am here to.beg you come and claim him He is quite too much fbr any of us to manage,' then turning to the nurse and baby, on whom -!his eyes rested for a moment with intense \- lelief as he entered the. room, he said to the ? woman, with. flashing eyes, ' how dared you ? disobey me and go wandering off and loosing , ; yourself at the' most- important moment? \- Your stupid' ty haa nearly been the death of ?'?us all. The other nurse has gone into fits and if she dies her blood will be upon your soul r * It was a pin, excellent* the woman re , plied, unmoved. Five minutes later Mrs;— Rosleaf, Doris, Mr. Lyman and the real baby were packed '' '* into a carriage and were spinning along to the Palazzo to which Trotty had been- con ii^Teyed. ' ' Never in her life will Doris forget the ' ^sBpeot of things as she was ushered into the ' fv'.f r^ence of her lost darling. It was a large, J afry; room, like a nursery. Trotty, consider . A&ty; recovered from his opium drowsiness, iik? gtood'':on the floor in extreme neglige, bark Ing furiously at a dozen or more of frightened psople anyone of whom would rather grasp Eat coals than touch him. His cap was rakishly careened on' one side, he had torn lace dress for and aft, and his shawl ,;;-;.trailed sideways on the carpet. , « Santissima Madonna !. that black imp A?|»gant it to, me instead of the dear Contessina ! 'igSA-niraa mia 1 the witches are at work this -^.flight P groaned the muse on her knees in a ^-.' -corner, telling her beads with such favour : that tho rosai'y had snapped twice. 'You ought to have, heard her shrieks ?when sha lifted up the veil and that one evil ?y» blinked at her. 'It's the devil himself ! she yelled, and flopped in a faint on the floor/' ^Trotty, daar Trotty 1' cried Doris, rush ing forward. Benignity and pleasure softened Trotty's sinister eye ; slowly his tattered draperies swayed to, and fro with the beatific wagging hid tail. Ho started towards his mistress, . .but tripped ignobly ? in her . petticoat and ?- rolled over.. ' You darling, you shall not be .a baby any morel' and she tore off the gar meats so much the worse for wear, and .'allo-ssed Trotty to, appear in the dignity of Afcis own coat.. ?. ' . This interview,, very painful for all persons . concerned, saved one,' was eudod as soon as foaribte^ftnd tho RoaeLeafS; were driven back to, theratatipn^.-tljerfr tp^be^ia their usual ? pleading, .with thS'|guai-iiif to. allow their dog vtOLaccowpany tteihf.^*-;%'*'' Layman spau&gjsa; with cnnMdVraWe:iin&se; to find out Mrtfc RoseleaE and her daughter were jaiug-to spend the next buc' weeks; ' ? V- - . Oddly enough, he appeared, . quite by chance of course, at the same place a fortnight Inter, and somehow found it necessary and expe dient to go to the resort next selection by them. It so turned out that when Doris returned in the autumn to the ' Lombardin ' she did have a handsome admirer to flaunt in the faces of the other girls. ' He is wonderfully devoted. When is the wedding to be? ' In May, Mrs Rosfilo.if told me. She is heart broken at the idsu of losing Doris, but it is the only way she can be rid of Trotty — and this thought' consoled her.' THE END. 