MISCELLANY. GOOD ONLY WHEN USED BP.-An umbrella. AN UNQUESTIONABLE ACQUAINTANCE. - General Respectability. " MAMMA, can angels fly ?" " Yea, dear. Why do you ask ?" " Nothing only I thought when I got to be aa unicel I'd fly down and peck Willie for breaking my dolt" THINGS ONS WOULD BATHER HAVE LEFT UNSAID.-" You cant BO home when it's raining like this. You'd better stay and have dinner with ue !" "Oh, it'e not quite so bad a* that f ' " WHAT'S that noise ?" asked the presiding Judge when a witness's voice wae nearly drowned by a raspine uproar outside the oourt " My lord." said the counsel for the defendant, "I think it is the plaintiff firing affi Javlts." YOUNG Mr. Diplomat, at party-*" I am .o sorry. Hiss Naire, that you have been down to supper ; I had anticipated the pleasure ot acting' as your escort" Miss Naive-"Oh, thank you, Mr. Diplomat-but I hare been down only once 1" JACK (who baa just came into a fortune) " Now that I have all this money, Dick, I don't know what to do flrst." .. Dick-" Why don't you marry ?' Jack-'" Jfarer! The fortune hag done away with all necessity of marrying." A NICE'KNIFE FOB A BOT.-*' Ma," com* p'alned Bottbr, "can't I have a bolter knife than that eld iron one ? I haven't out myielf once with it." "No, Bobby; that's a very <rood knife fo- such a little boy." " Uut, ma, Tommy Toddles is no blgger'n me, and he's got a jimdandy. You ought to seenis lingers." A WISE FATHER.-" Who is your family doctor, BobbieV "Dr. Green." " Why, I thought you hM Dr. Brown T' " So we did until Dr. Oreen bogsn courting sUter Sally, top gets even with Greeny for coal and sag by havin' him keep the rest ot us healthy for nuthln'." SOMETHING OF A JOB.-Citizen-" What'll you charge me, Uncle Ilastus, to cart away that pllo ot stone?" Uncle Kastus-" 'Bout two doilalu, 6th." Citlcen-" Isn't that very high ?" Uncle Rastus " Yea, sab, Jet' to' cahtln' away do stone, but I got ter hire a man to he'p halmess de mule." A LA TUOUSEKS.- Bobby has been impart ing to the minister the important and cheerful In formation that his father has got a new set ot false teeth. " Indeed, Bobby," replied the minister, In dulgently ; "and what will he do with the old set?" " On, I rpose," replied Bobby, " they'll out 'em down and make me wear 'em." DECIDED NOT TO BCST.-Maud-" And yon are really engaged to Mr. Hawkins, RthelT" Ethel Yes. 1 hardly know whether I love blm or not, but he was so earnest that somehow I could not refuse him.". Maud-" Yes, I know. When I refused him Hat summer ba told me ho was going to marry some body or bint before Christmas?'-'Xerre Uaute Express. A VERT poor actor having played the part «t the ghost In V Hamlet" for many years, Saphlr, the German wit, on seeing blm, said, *' It would be a good thing If this' man cave up the ghost, eo that somebody, site ooulJ take nls part* A young poet onoe' sent the' humourist an " ode to Immortality," rfquesUng hl« opinion of it Saphlr returned she msausorlpt with the message, "fill package will nerer reach its address.", "XhreS persons," re wit, " sleepsoundly-a ohl^.a. eorpss, .nfl nltcfat-wafrchman.". Daring ills sojourn in X., frequently In the society of a well-known .rwS°S wbow dulness was. notorious. \- «.* strange It is that my legs go to sleep every day 1" fat remarked upon one ooculon. *' Bow oan Sou wonder T' returned Uaphlr. " They are always i your oompany." A LOCAL gentleman, the caotain ot a pas»engsr steamer trading between England and the East (says the " Newcastle Cbroniole tells a (rood story in a letter to hla friends of a mystery connected with hi* vessel. -The ship had been at eca for several days when complaint* began to be made that pas sengers could not obtain the use of the bath. At a certain hour of the mornlnar the bathroom was found to be looked Inside; somebody was evidently witbin it, and at times, for an hour or more, no one could obtain admittance. This mysterious occupancy of the bathroom began to create comment, and doubt less some of the passengers became possessed of the idea that there was something " uncanny " about the ship. The complaints at length reached to such a degree that the ckipper requested to be informed when the bathroom aoor was next found locked, and he would take means to obtain an entrance. On the following morning the unknown visitor was found to be within the room, for a noise was heard and ad mittance oould not be obtained. The captain pro ceeded to the spot and demanded admittance. There was no reply. Then he proceeded to reason with the person he could not see, and finished with an angry threat that he would break the door open. The bolt was then beard going back inside, the door opened, and the mystery explained. The offender was found to be a small boy-the son of a lady passenger, who. morning after morning, unknown to ni9 mother, had slipped into tho room, bolted the door, and filling the bath with water, sailed his toy boat upon it 1 He had his craft upon his own miniature sea when toe was so unceremoniously disturbed. The elucidation of the mystery, it need scarcely be added, created a great deal of amusement on board the ship. FETCHED !-He had been paying attention to her for a long time, and seemed to be slow in putting into practice any of the beautiful theories'of love and domestic oomfort and all that sort of thing, with which' he bad very often beguiled the happy hours. She thought she might bring bltn to the scratch, but she aid not want to make it' «ltirether too plain. She thought that under a kind of allegory .he might " fetch" him. So the next day be came he found her in the garden reclining in a hammock.- An open book was lying beside liar, her hand carelessly rcstinz upon it ;* the other hand was gracefully posed pressing Jier back hair; her eyes were fixed dreamily on the cloudless blue seen through the interlaced foliage Of tbe tree. He approached. Apparently die heard him not. He looked at the picture a moment while she was steeped in reverie. He spoke. She gave a little start, and gently rubbed her eyes. " It is you, George, is itf she said, softly. "I was dreaming." " Dreaming! And what were you dresmin? of?" ".It was silly-ridiculous I I won't tell you.' " Do tell me I" " No-it was so silly I" " Do tell me what It was 1" " Well, you won't laueli at me," she said, coyly. "No, indeed I won't." "I dreamed that 1 was married, and I was living in a pretty little cottage all covered with honeysuckle. and woodbine, and rcees; and my husbajid " " What was he like?" " He was a very nice-looking man. He had beautiful dark hair and eyes, and he was tall." George made no remark. George was blond and short. " But you know, George," she Slid, after the piute had grown a little awkward, " dreams always go by conttaried." George saw the point. A GREAT GENIUS.-The third volame of Mr. Frith the artist's autobiography has just been published. At one time the author seems to hare seen something of tbe inner life of a lunalic asylum. One of the patients took an interest in art, and the following conversation passed between him and Mr. Frith. "Said the patient, ' It is melancholy to re flect that we have now living amongst us but one artist who is a great painter, a great p et, and a great engineer. 1 need scarcely tell you-an aitist tbat I refer to Mr. Watts.' 'That Ur. Watts is a great painter I know very well,' said I; ' but I never heard that be was a great poet, unless you mean In his pictures; and I know nothing of his engineering fain 'Is it possible? exclaimed the colonel, in an irritated tone. ' Why, wheri can you have been all your life?* ' I have been in London part of it; and I know Mr. Watts's pictures, though I have not the honour of his persona!-'' ' And you don't ksow you have never read his hymns? I thought any child would be able to repeat " How doth the little busy bee" and " Let dogs delight to bark and bite."' * Oh, Watts'* hymns 1 Oh, yes, t am acqu tinted with them.' 'Then what do you mean by denying that tlr. Watts is a great poet? Perhaps you will deny that that great eeoius is an engineer in the face of his having invented tbe first steam-engine 1' ' Tea,' I eaid. ' I do deny that. It wasn't Watts; it was Watt who invented-' 'Blessmyaoul,'-said the colonel,' in a loud voise, 'what trifling is this? Do you dare to endeavour to take away the reputation of a great man by denying one of his chief aooomplUhments? foil ought to be ashamed of yourself I I will no [ longer sit at the same'teble,' said the angry colonel, as he rose abruptly from hit seat." 