AMONGST THE CHURCHES. -4---- FALLE' GOEATNESS. SDaniel IV. By the Rev. . i. . Mitchell. NEDUcnAD.EzAz.Ir published the story of his own downfall. Daniel merely inserts in his book what the king had made known to his subjects throughout his realm. The great autocrat speaks of being at rest in his palace. He has now reached the height of his power. No longer did he lead his vic torious forces to battle, for none disputed his authority. Peace reigning abroad and at home he desired to enjoy the fruits of con quest. His hunger for dominion was at last satisfied. He had accomplished much, in deed he may be regarded as the greatest builder the world has ever seen. He had built up a vast empire, and his capital he had made one of tihe wonders of the earth. Now he proposed to himself rest. He weull quietly enjoy the power his resistless energy had won. and poacefully survey the results of his great labours in Babylon, and in these lihe sought that contentment which nature cravLr. But rest is not to be found in human achieve ments however great. Said one of the heights of fame. "In -aln I seek for rest, Il aili cratdd good. It lelase me yet unbiest. And makes me pant for God, And sure at rest I seer Jca lie, SUntil I ned my rest in Thee." And this proud monarsor must be tanght that lie cannot find the rest lie desired in whit lie had done. As li lies upon his bed hli has another dream which distutbes both his sleep and his peace. lie sees a tree in the midst of the earth, it towers to the heavens, and its branches spread over the earth. Its leaves are of summer green, and its fruits abundant. The beasts of the field shelter benentl its branclh, the fowls of larveui dwellin the bsoughs, ail flesh is fed of it. ie sees a heavenly watcher come down, lie hears him cry " Ihew down the tree." It was not to be t:proetd, for it was to grow and flourish asAin. Then tise angel wercns on to say " Let his hert bhe cliange from a mas's and let a beast's heart be given uinto bis, and let seven times pass over him, till the living, may know that the Most High meateth in the kingdom of mnen, and givelh it to whomsnever Ito will." This dream filled him ith dread, though hlie couhl not divine its import, yet he seemed to hase an ismpres sion that it had to do with himself, and presaged disaster. The wise men were called and acais they were baffled. Danuiel came, he listened to the king recounting his dream, its meaning was plain to him. The tree lie knew was the symbol of Ihis royal itnister, and his spirit trembled when hie saw the ruin that was about to overtake him. lie eould not speak, for the thought of his master's downfall overwhelmed him. "Dassiel was astonshied for one hour, and his thoughts troubled him." The king seeing the sorrow depicted in Daniel's face, said " let not the dream or the interpretation trouble thee." Then was made known to the king what was shortly to come to pass, his reasos would be taken from him, his place wouhl be aming" the beasts of the earth. Anxious if possible to avert this sad over-throw, in tearful language Daniel implored -Nebuchadnezzar "to break off his sins by righlteousness, and hris iniquities by showing mercy to the poor." For a time lie many have followed te advice of Dantie, but as on a former occasion so lie did on this, lie allowed Ihis impressions to pass away, and all his pride returnedl in full force. Twelve months after lie stalks through his palace arrogantly exclaiming " Is not this great Babylon that I have built for the house of the kingdom by the might of sly power, and for the honour of my majesty'" In that moment another voice was heard from heaven saying "0 king -Nbuchadnezzar to thee it is spoken, the kingdom is delparted from thee." Then l ii resson left hin, and he went forth a raving maniae. His imalness was of a kind which is known in medical science as Zoanthropy. Those who suffer from this form of sradness imnagine them. selves to belong to the lower creation, and they live like the animals they believe them selves to be. • Nebcehadnezear thought lae was an ox, and like ene ate gras,. lie remained in t e fields till his hair resembled the feathers of an eagle, and his nails, the claw-s of birds. What a fall was his ! The most poweriul monarch with reason dethronedl herding with the beasts of the field ? The words of Daniel came true, the down-fall of the arrogant king was complete, God wseas not mocked, HoI took from him hIis reason, and that great mind owhich had planned ant carried out great campaigns, and which had conceived and erected vast structures, lay "like a ship upon the rocks-a total wrreck ! What a sad spectacle i The poorest slave in Babylon was better thaou this demented king. There was a mlo being therh n over an asylum, he was attracted by an inmate whf was arranging straws upon the floor, but to the demented one they. were not straws. they were kings and queens ; when he was heard to say, this is the Emperor of Russia, and this is the Queen of England, the visitor laughed aloud. The demented man looked up ana put tihe startling question " Did you ever thank God for your reason?" and then went on counting Ihis straws as before. Yes, we repeat the question have you ever thanked God for your reason. Al these are those who have never thanked God for any gift, and they go on even abusing the gifts which lie has lavished upon them. lememlbcr all that you have is from hIis hand. Whrat li has given He may withldraw, and hosw will it be with yos then ? Rational mnoments as wvo have seen come to the insane, such a moment cameo to Ncbuchadnezzar, andi the use lie made of it was to look, not to his idol, but to the God of Heaven. lie says I lifted up mine eyes to heaven. There was reverence and humility in that look. lis reason oas restored, and the great king who lived with this beasts once more dwelt as a man among men. He did not think now on what lie was or what he haud done. God the Almighty 1oler of heaven ana earth 5s0 exalted Iy him, and it was well for him if the impression he had of God deepiened int the conviction that God was God alone, and that henceforth he renounced idolatry and worshipped the God in heaven. His throne was restored to him, but o'his pride was levelled. His humility appears in making known to his people all that had befallen him. after this he lived a nuesmber of years, and how he spent them we do not kiuow. He died 651 n.c. and thus passed away fromno this scense one of the greatest of kings, one who left his mark in the world, hut whicio the tide of time has well nigh effaced. His great fall is lfraught itlh lessons himch we would do well to learn. Let us beware of seeking our rest outside of God. This iing had done much, his life had been full of labours and he was now desirous of rest. Bat rest of body does not always indicate restof heart, indeed, while the heart is not at nest there can be very little rest for the body. This king sought his rest in things which ho had accomplished and not in God. The judgement which came upoen him rudely dispelled his illusion and tauchst him that it was not possible to satify the heart with anything created, only God dwelling in the heart can do that. This is wehat many re \- uire to learn in the present day. We see men busy and laying past for the oevening of their day, they think of the time when they will bo free from the cares of business, and theewth-will enjoy.rcst. o .Thist a natural drving but the blessing for reathinot he : obtained outside of Gs d. Those who have - toiled the hardest and have been able after a time to shake off the labours of a busy life, .find still an aching void, and thougi they mesygo here sanld there secking change of scene with the hope of finding rest, it is all inoaini the void remains. WVealth cannot give it, nor ease,' nor pleasure, nor rank oat side of God, it is not to he found. Why then arrogance. It never becomes anyone to open his hieart to the'passion of pride, and to talk proudly of what he is and what he has done. hNebuchidnezzar did that. He was a godin his own eyes, ho talked about his might and his majesty as if ther : were no being higher than himself. Tec ians who held the first seat in his cabinet was nobler than he. Thero'e was no pride in him, he know muich, for much had been revealed to him.by God, but he knew that it was for him to take the lowest plaee;-t chelrish the lowly mind, and to give God anl" t!e. glry. Which of these men would y-u in spirit i-other resemble-the vain boastiirg 'king or the lowly Daniel? The name of Hebuchad iezzer is a powerless name in thd world to day, but who will venture to say that of Daniel's. The influence of that holy man lives in thp worldto this hour, but that of his master's has long since essaed to inspire men. The servant towors above his vais master, simply because he was actuated by a nobler spirit-the spirit of humility, It is not only in the heart of kings that the spirit of pride dwells. The same spirit is mani fested among those in lower ranks oh life, There is many a one who is elatedlby even the shadow of success, and became vain unler the faintest breath of applause. Men boast of their skill, their position, their means, and think thlemselves vastly superior to their fellows, I would remiud them that so does the peacock in the farm yard. Be wvare of this sin, and let it not have domioion over you, We read that pride geth before a fall, and in the passage before us we have a powerful illustration of the. saying of the wvise man. What a fall was Nebuchadnezzar's. The mind that held despotic sway over so many people became a ruin and the degreda tion to which he stooped was as lovi, as his pride was high, the valley into which he fell was as deep as the mountain was high on which he placed himself and uttered his arrogant boast. The foot of pride cann t retain its hold, sooner or later it must slide or fall, for the word is " He that exalteth himself shall be abased." The fall of pride is certain, come when or how it may. 0 may the proud take warning and humble themselves under the Almighty hand of God. that He may exalt them in due time, and when He exalts you, the lowly spirit will still be yours. Again, what an example we have set before us by Daniel in the way he acted. before Nebuchadnezzar when called upon to interpret his dream ? He spoke the truth, and held back nothing of what had been revealed to him by God. In all faith fulncss he predicted the downfall of his master, and wishing to anest it he entreated him to repent. His was a difficult office to fill, and his was a terrible message to deliver. It is no easy office to be a messenger of God, it is no easy woit k to tell men truths which they dislike, but it is not for us to act like Jonah and run away, but like Daniel speak the truth whether men will hear or whether they will forbear. And when.the message is a burden and the spirit struggles to deliver it, oh men know this it is the truth no matter how painful it may be. And in giving it wr seek not yours, but yeou. We warn yon by the terrors of the Lord, lIas "lie take thce away with His stroke that a great ransom cannot deliver thee." Shall mercy win you or shall judgement teach you that God is not mocked ? I press the question, I dare not do otherwise. Oh if there be a soul here unrenewed may God the Holy Ghost impress the truth of your imminent peril upon your hearts, so that you may not-give sleep to your eyes or slumber to your eye '*lids. iutil you= are beyond the reich of ...judtogeenitchavig'i fosi Lacfuge in Christ the Lord. 