ACROSS THE BREAKERS. I A STORY OE THE LAST CENTURY. BY J. S. FLETCHER. BOOK I-SEEDTIME. CHAPTER I. THE STEANGEll AEltlYES. Jr BOUT the year seventeen hundred i and sixty, there lived in an old L house, since pulled down, but then > standing close to the Priory Church of Cartmel, a man who was known to his neighbours and acquaintances (he had no friends) as Anthony Ponton. "Whether that was his real name, or an assumed one, no one knew ; but any name is good enough for a man whose antecedents are unknown in the place where he has elected to take up his residence. No one knew why Anthony Fen- ton had come to live in the old house at Cartmel ; no one ever discovered how Anthony Fen- ton obtained his money, of which useful commodity he seemed to have at least enough to live comfortably upon, and without doing anything in the way of work ; no one had suc- ceeded in finding out where Anthony Fenton came from, or Iwhether he ever intended to go away. When he first came to Cartmel speculation was ex- ceedingly rife about him ; but when he settled down, and people grew familiar with his dark face and uncommon style of dress, the tongues of the Cartmel gossips ceased to wag, and their brains went about to seek some new object of medi- tation. It was in the autumn of the year seventeen hundred and fifty-nine that Anthony Fenton came to Cartmel. ïô be precise, it was on the 21st day of October, which, on that year fell on a "Wednesday. It had been a dark, gloomy day. The weather-prophets -and in the last century every old man and woman was a weather-prophet-had prophesied rain ; but up to six o'clock in the evening the rain had kept off. It was dark at five o'clock, or soon after, for the sun had never come out all day, and Blackcombe kept away whatever light he gave as he sank beyond its long gloomy expanse. The sound of the Priory clock seemed very mournful that dark afternoon. Even the school children ran quickly to their homes, for they were frightened at the general gloom, and some of them had to walk through eerie lanes to their cottages. The landlord of the ' King George ' satin his parlour about five o'clock, smoking s pipe of tobacco. There was a roaring fire in the old-fashioned grate, and a kettle on the I hob hissed and sputtered merrily. Thc I parlour itself was a place of much com I fort. There was old oak in it-which wai I not thought much of in those days, bul I which would drive all the dealers of War i dour-street crazy with delight if they coule I but see it. The floor was sanded, and th( I Abigail of the establishment had embellishec I the sides and corners with certain hiero I glyphic scrawls which she doubtless sup I posed to be extremely artistic. In place o I the bottles of coloured water which ari I arranged in our modern parlours, the par I lour of the ' King George ' rejoiced in row I of grand old pewter tankards, some of ther I of terribly capacious dimensions, and larg I brown earthenware jugs and mugs, corre I sponding in size to their companions i: I pewter. Bundles of clean white pipes la I about the tables, and little wooden boxe I filled kwith sawdust were placed here an I there on the sanded floor for the coi I venience of smokers. I The landlord drew a long whiff of Vi: I giman from his pipe, and sent it curling u I to the ceiling. He was a short, stout mai I with a red face, clean shaven ; he wore I wig of a snuff-brown colour, and his noi I was rather large and rather bulbous. E I had a white apron tied round his rotui I waist, and beneath the apron appeared I thick pair of short legs, clothed in brovi I knee-breeches and greyish blue stocking I Although it was but little after five o'cloc I tlie landlord had taken off his shoes and p I on his slippers. The shoes stood again _ -:-< tlie wall, and they had a pair of real silver buckles in them. When the landlord had puffed out his mouthful of smoke, he leaned back in his chair, sighed, and felt with his left hand for a tankard which stood on the table at his side. Having found this, he lifted it to the level of his mouth, nodded solemnly to a man who sat at the opposite side of the fire, and drank slowly and appreciatively. ' Your health, Master Thornthwaite,' said the landlord. The landlord of the iKing George? The other man remembered that he also had a tankard at his elbow. He found it presently, and raised it to his mouth. ' Your health, Master Woodburn,' said he. ' Tery nice ale-oh, very nice.' ' No better,' assented the landlord, ' be- tween here and-and London.' He said London, because he could think just then of no place more distant. 'As for London ale,' he went on, after another minute or two, during which he puffed at his pipe, ' I have no opinion of it. Have you been to London, Master Thornth waite ?' ' No, no,' said Master Thornthwaite, horror-struck at the idea. ' No, sir, surely !' ' Nor me,' said the landlord. ' Foreign travel is what I have never held with. Says I, "If Providence places you in a fair spot, stop there." ' * Tery true, Master Woodburn ; very true, sir.' ' I have, however,' said the landlord,' ' tasted the London ale. A friend of mine once brought me some in a bottle. It was trash, sir, trash-nothing more !' ' Dear me,' said Master Thornthwaite, ' I should have thought the ale in London would have been good. The King, sir-will he drink it ?' ' The King drinks wine, sir, only wine,' said the landlord. ' Ah !' Baid neighbour Thornthwaite. ' Tes,' continued the landlord, ' I remem- ber somebody else, too, who was fond of a glass of good wine, sir. Tou remember the '45, Master Thornthwaite ?' As Master Thornthwaite was about sixty years of age, and the '45 was only fourteen years back, it would have been strange if he had not remembered that stirring time. ' Tes, sir,' he answered. 4 Tes, sir. Dear -dear !' ' Ay, sighed the landlord. ' A fine young man, neighbour ; a fine young man !' ' Do you think he was the-King, sir ?' asked Master Thornthwaite. , Master Woodburn took a pull at his pipe, and coughed discreetly. ' Here's the King's health,' he said, with a long draught at the tankard, ' whether he's over the water or on this side of it, Master Thornthwaite. It won't affect you and me much.' Master Thornthwaite rubbed his hands, and drank the King's health. ' No, sir, no, that it won't. The King and long may he live, sir.' ¥-: While Master Thornthwaite was lif tin g the tankard to. his lips, a. heavy foot came up the passage to the parlour. ' "Who's coming ?' said the landlord. * It's a heavy foot,' said Master Thornth waite. ' It must be the miller, or else it's Simoii.' 'Nay,' said Master Woodburn, 'it's not the miller, and it's too heavy for Simon. Besicles, whoever it is he doesn't know the way.' The footstep had passed. The landlord got up and threw open the parlour door. In the gloom of the passage, with the darkness outside forming a sort of lighter background against him, stood a man who seemed to be looking for a door. 4 Come in, sir,' cried the landlord, cheerily. ' It's rather dark there, but we've a cheery fire here that'll do your heart good to see. This way, sir.' The stranger advanced to the parlour, and perceiving Master Thornthwaite, made a courteous bow. 4 Servant, sir,' said Master Thornthwaite. 4 Tery unpleasant weather, sir.' The stranger again bowed, and then seating himself in a chair facing the fire, he rested his face upon his hand, and looked into the red ashes as though he were en- deavouring to read some story there. He seemed to be a man of forty or forty two years of age. He was tall, well- built, rather portly ; his face was dark and clean shaven, the forehead was high and broad, and there were lines across it which told of care and thought, if not of actual trouble, His hair was long, and worn pretty much in the fashion of a wig ; it was tied at the bach with a piece of black ribbon. He was dressed entirely in black, and over his arm he carried a large black cloak, which he had evidently taken off: on entering the inn His linen was very white and good, and ir his cravat he wore a magnificent golc brooch. Altogether he was a very notice able man. ' " Come in, sir," said the landlord, cheerily.'' As the stranger sat staring abstratedly into the fire, Masters Thornthwaite and Woodburn looked at each other over his head, and exchanged nods and winks, which, being translated, meant ' who is he ? ' After a few minutes, during which Master Wood burn had twice enquired what his honour was pleased to desire, the stranger looked up. ' Ah, so you are the host, eh ? ' he said. 'At your honour's service,' answered the landlord, with a bow. ' This village is called Cartmel, I think.' ' It is, sir,' said Master Woodburn. ' You have a famous old Priory church here, I believe ? ' ' Not a stone's throw away, sir,' said the landlord. 'You will hear the chimes, sir,, in one moment.' In point of fact, the chimes just then began to tell the hour of six. ' This worthy man, sir,' said the landlord, indicating Master Thornthwaite with a wave of his hand, ' is the sexton of the church.' ' At your service, sir,' said Master Thorn thwaite, with many bows. ' Happy to show you round, sir, to-morrow, if your honour remains overnight.' 'Thanks, my good friend. Overnight I must remain. Landlord, I will have some food.' ' Your honour shall be served at once,' answered the host, who had been much im- pressed by the stranger's appearance. ' What will your honour take ? ' ' Nay,' said the stranger, with a smile, ' what can you give me ?' Master Woodburn considered a while. ' Certainly,' he remarked, with a depre- catory cough, ' the larder is not over well stocked at this time of the year. What says your honour to some cold beef in prime cut, half a fine bird which has hung a fair time in our cellar, a slice of one of my wife's famous game pies, a tart of apples and blackberries, and a bottle of good wine .?' ' Capital,' answered the stranger. ' Bring them all.' ' The private room shall be prepared for your honour,' said Master Woodburn. ' I will order a fire to be lighted there at once.' ' No, no,' said the stranger. ' I shall do very well here, master landlord. I have . a dislike of your private room ; it will be cold, and probably very gloomy ; and I like not cold or gloom. Now, here is a grand, merry fire, a cosy room, and good company. So serve the meal here.' ' Certainly, sir,' said Master Woodburn, proceeding to cal] lustily for caniles, and for more wood for the fire. 4 Your honour is very condescending.' The host proceeded to set out a small table near the fire, for his guest's refection, glancing ever and anon at the stranger's dress, his gold brooch, and the buckles of his shoes. 'Tour honour will require a sleeping chamber,' asked Master "Woodburn after an interval of silence. 4 Yes,' said the stranger. * I must sleep here to-night.' 4 It shall be prepared, sir, with clue care.' ' The roads, sir, hereabouts are very bad at this season,' remarked the sexton pre- sently. 4 Very filthy, sir,' said the stranger' 4 Bless me !' cried the landlord, suddenly, 41 forgot your honour's horse.' The stranger looked at the landlord with a suspicious gleam of the eye. 4 Your honour, of course, took it to the stable before coming in. That was right. Our stable is famous from here to Carlisle. No better along all the coast.' 41 brought no horse,' said the stranger quietly. ' Then your honour must have walked from the coach ? ' asked the host curiously. The stranger, however, was looking into the fire again, and either did not hear the landlord's question or pretended not to hear it. He sat staring at the embers while the sexton and Master Woodburn winked at each other across his unconscious head. The landlord bustled about, and in a few minutes the table was set with a mound of cold sirloin of beef, the half of a plump phea- sant, and the game pie of which mine host had spoken so highly. A bottle of venerable appearance kept watch over the eatables, and a tart of apples and black-berries stood warming on the hob by the fire. ' If your honor will please to dine,' said Master "Woodburn,'the dinner is ready.' The stranger looked up and glanced at the table. His eye brightened and he rose from his seat. ' I will say good night to you, Master Woodburn,' said the sex- ton, rising from the settle in the chimney corner, ' and to you, sir.' ' What, going ? ' asked the stranger. ' Nonsense, man ! The night is not begun yet. Stop and try a slice of beef or a bit of the game pie. I warrant me they are both good. Come, our host will join us, I know. I invite you both. Eetch some more plates and knives, landlord. 'Tis dull work eating and drinking alone.' ' It is, indeed,' said the sexton, with a sigh. ' I have been a lone man these ten years, sir, and I can agree with you in that. Since my poor wife was laid in the churchyard there I have taken my bite and sup by myself day out and day in.' ' Then the more reason why you should begin to be social now,' said the stranger. ' Come, _1._1_Jl_J 'J. .1_ T 1, master landlord, sit down, don't be bash- ful. Tou shall carve for us. But first fill us one of those great jugs with your best brew. I'll warrant me you've some fine ale in these parts.' ' Your honour is very kind,' answered the proud landlord, rising to fill his biggest jug and setting three pewter tankards on the table. ' I make bold to say your honour will find no finer ale than this between here and the end of the world !' The stranger drained a tankard and nodded in sign of approval. Then he set to work on a huge slice of cold beef, and ate with the air of one who has not broken his fast for a whole day. He was too much engaged with his food to talk much, but every now and then he pressed his com- panions to eat, and at his request Master Woodburn filled the brown jug more than once. He rapidly rose in the landlord's estimation by his exhibition as a trencher- man, and Master Thornthwaite marvelled that one man could eat so much at onetime. ' And now, my friends,' said the stranger, when he had fully satisfied his craving for food, * let us try the quality of our silent acquaintance here. Ah, there are few sounds pleasanter than the pop of a cork ! This wine has laid long in your cellar, land- lord ?' ' It has, indeed, sir ; that wine was saved, your honour, from the Scotch force which passed through here on its way to Lancaster, in 1745.' ' 'Tis very good,' said the stranger. ' I drink your health, master landlord. I don't know your name.' ' Geoffrey Woodburn,' said the landlord, bowing, ' at your honour's service.' ' Tour health, then, good Master Wood- burn, and yours, too, my worthy friend, turning to the sexton. ' How do they call you ?' 'John Thornthwaite, sir,' answered the sexton. ' John Thornthwaite-also at your service.' ' Thornthwaite, eh ? If I mistake not that is a real Cumbrian name.' ' It is, sir. There have been Thornthwaites ever since I can remember,' said the sexton, uttering a truism unconsciously. ' Tou seem dull here, Master Geoffrey,' remarked the stranger, presently. ' We have few guests, your honour, ex- cept when the farmers come in. But to- night, it being stormy, they will remain in their houses.' 4 Stormy, is it ?' said the stranger. ' Ah, I hear the noise of the rain now. Well, we are comfortable here, gentlemen, at any rate.' 'ATill your honour smoke a pipe of to- bacco ?' asked Master Woodburn. ' With pleasure, mine host. But stay, I will give you some tobacco myself. This,' he went on, producing a packet of the fragrant weed, ' is the genuine article, worth its weight in gold. Pill your pipes, good *Anthony Fenton teas seated at the talle looking over a lundie of papers' Masters "Woodburn and Thornthwaite, and we will open another bottle.' If the stranger's object was to create a good impression, he certainly succeeded. By the time the Priory clock had sounded the hour of ten the landlord and the sexton had. conceived a firm affection for their new acquaintance. They vowed that he could smoke with Harry Graham, the miller, drink with Simon Oldland, the blacksmith, and tell tales with Blind Willie the bedesman. Again, he was not chary of his orders, and Master Woodburn had to fetch a good many bottles of his best wine before the company separated. Under the influence of the generous grape Master Thornthwaite waxed eloquent, and told the stranger the treasures of the Priory : of the black-letter Bible, in six volumes, printed in Basle in 1502 ; of the copy of St. Thomas Aquinas, also in black-letter, printed in Vienna in 1509 ; of the 4 Faerie Queene,' of the ' Virgil,' of the Foxe's 4 Boke of Martyrs,' and of the quaintly carved misereres. Then mine host related a wonderful ghost story of the Priory, and the stranger followed with a pirate story of the Spanish Main. All this time the landlord and the sexton were in ignorance of their companion's name and business. They were dying to know, and each gave out hints of their curiosity. But the stranger gave no response in answer to these hints. Prom his conversation it appeared that he had travelled a great deal, and seen much of the world. Finally, Master "Woodburn- set bim down as a traveller wlio was visiting their out-of-the way region for mere pleasure. ' Tour honour has been evidently attracted by our bold scenery ?' he ventured to say. The stranger puffed out a cloud of smoke and nodded. ' I have heard of it,' he answered. Tour honour will perhaps stay a while among us,' said the sexton. * Can't say.' Further than that he would not go, but ere they separated he told them his name. ' I am called Anthony Fenton,' he said. ' "Who I am, or what I am, matters to no one but me. My time is my own, and what- ever I get I pay for-and pay for well and readily. So my good Master Woodburn, you know all there is to tell, and you will oblige me, while I am among you, by asking nothing further. And now I'll go to my bed.' Thus did Anthony Fenton come to Cart mel. It was never known how he got there ; he had not ridden on horseback, nor had he come by the coach. It was at last decided that he must have walked from the coast, three miles away, having been landed there by a boat. To Master Woodburn's surprise and pleasure he remained at the ' King G-eorgé ' for some days. He walked about the country in the day time and spent the autumn evenings in the parlour of the inn, making friends of the frequenters. He said no more of himself, however, and everyone was looking for his departure, when there came the startling news that the stranger had taken the old house by the churchyard. He had looked at it, seen the agent of the landlord to whom it belonged, and finally taken it on a lease of some years. "What he intended to do now that he had got it the simple folk of Cartmel could not make out. Anthony Fenton, however, had two rooms in the old house fitted up with simple furni- ture, manufactured by the local joiner, and when this was done he took up his quarters in it, much to the the regret of Master Woodburn. He kept no servant ; he ate his meals for a while at the inn ; then he began to cook for himself, and only came to the ' King George' now and then. Sometimes he was absent from Cartmel for weeks together, but no one saw him go away ; and none saw him come back. He was, taking him altogether, a very mysterious personage. One of his peculiarities the Cartmel people never quite got over.. He was hail fellow-well-met with everybody at the inn, his money was spent freely for the good of the company, and lie would drink and smoke with anyone, but he never, on any pretence whatever, permitted any of his acquaintances to enter his house, and it was a well-known fact that from the day of his entering upon its occupancy no other person ever at any time so much as crossed the threshold. 