THEATRICAL AND MUSICAL. "Double, double toil and trouble." Double work and toil and trouble in plenty is the experience of some Sydney showmen just now, for Easter, like the season of Christmas, oasts its shadow before, and demands of amusement caterers an extra effort in the service of the public. Wheugh ! What a bustling time this week must have- been at the Royal, when in seven nights no less than five different programmes have been presented. Big bills, too, all of them, and claiming close application and a heap of work. And the coming panto mime, must have added to the general I rush and scurry. But all has gone well, better even than could have been expected, and now everything is in complete readiness for to-night. As a result of the near ap proach of the close of the Warner season, audiences have shown out in greater num bers at the Royal, but even then the houses were, with the exception.of Thursday even- ing, only in the middlings, and not at all which a reasonable manager might expect. There's a good time coming, is there? Well, let us believe it. The production of "The Lady of Lyons" by Mr. Charles .Warner and company, at the Royal last night was witnessed'by a house that it is not very often the good fortune of ait actor to play to, or tha plea sanb duty of a manager to make np. It invariably seems the way through life, we always value a thing moat when we know we are going to lose it. Mr. Warner is About to leave us, and the reoollection of many a pleasant. hour passed .in the enjoy- ment of his entertainment compels us to make 'the most of him while he lasts. Without entering into a detailed ciiticism of last night'B production, we may in a general way extend a full measure of commendation to the whole cast for the really delightful rendering they gave of the work. Mr. Warner's Claude is well known, and to ub it is a task of pleasure to congratulate Miss Ada Ward upon the finished and artistic man ner in which she sustained the part of Pauline. Altogether, the revival was en tirely successful, an assertion amply sus tained by .the hearty recognition awarded at each opportunity- To-night there is a Bterner work on hand than love and palaces, for the bloody story, of an ambitions Thane, aided and abetted by his strong-minded sponse is to to form the subject of the play. " Mac beth," which we have not seen since Miss Genevieve Ward and Mr. W. H. Vernon ma lo a big impression, is to be produced with all tho accessories that art and money can provide. Mr. Warner, will of course, sustain the title role and Miss Dargon, a lady well known to our older residents as an artiste of genuine ability in the inter pretation of the character, will play Lidy Macbeth. Locke's music, with full chorus and orchestra, will be givon, competent vocal artists having been provided to fill the leading singing parts. "Macbeth" runs until Friday, and then Warner and Co. go to sea, and Charley Arnold 't takes up the running with " Hans the 1i.30.tman." for which " Rote" Hughes is alre'aay 'in Sydney. Just here we may remark - i. ;.fc vim- .sent Shakespeare is the fashion in Eng land, and in the Irving revival is L neces sary to book four months iu advance for seats. Just imagine it. Having to put your namo down at Easter on the off- chance of getting a seat in the theatre on Separation night. 'This would show that, after a long root, the divine William is going to be exhumed, and an inquiry held by the fashionable public on his remains. A few words as to the hiBtory of Saako- spere will not be amiss. Not that we pro pose to inflict a history of tho Bard of Avon, or to climb up on the dusty shelves of the long ago and pull out the moth-eaten records of Garrick, ICeane, Kemble, Forrest, or the other buried histrionic giants who in their day bad the world " on toast." Twelve years ago Henry Irving produced Shakspeare in Lon don, and collapsed. " Othello " was a failure " Macbeth " would not go down, and on the night " The Bells " was produced there was not enough money in the treasury to pay the gas bill. But "The Bells " was a boom, and rang the key note of Henry Irving'o story of success. When Mrs. Batemau left the Lyceum, and, broken m heart and pocket, went to Sadltri Wills, after leasing the Lyceum to Irving, she offered to Mr. Warner the star engagements. He opened on the night of July 4, 1830, in "OfcheUo," with Miss Isabel Bateman as Desdemona, Mies Leah Bateman, whose name is familiar to colonials, as Emilia, and Herr Vezeen as Iago. This, latter gentleman, it may be remarked, has, during Irving's illness, been playing his characters. Mr. Warner's success in " Othello " was pronounced. It went from the jump ; the first night the Baroness Burdett Coutts booked a box for the season, the longest straight-out Shake speare revival on record, extending over nine months, and making the fortune of the management. The Saturday Review called Wamor "the English Salvini," the greatest actor of tho day, and the Prince of Wales was pleased to con gratulate him on his success, lhen followed " Macbeth," " The Road to Ruin," " The Lady of Lyons," " tffilliam Tell," and other high-olass plays, and so great was the success that Mrs. Bateman offered Mr. Warner a partnership in the theatre, and negotia tions were in progress when the fatal illness occurred which caused her death. We look forward jfco to-night's production of " Macbeth " with pleasure, and bearing in mind Mr. Warner's Hamlet, which met alike with the approval of press and public, anticipate a treat. vv e are not m a position to record with any degree of accuracy a condition of overwhelming prosperity at Her Majesty's Theatre, and audiences have been some what, shy of "Madame Midas" up till now. Now and then, perhaps, the house wears a more comfortable aspect, but truly, as a rule, a hideous sense of vacancy and lono- liness strikes one on entering. Now this treatment is not quite fair, for, take it a3 you will, Beok's piece is quite oqual in merit to much of tho literary hash that has from time to time drawn rich houses in other quarters of tho city ; and, moreover, taken as a whole, the piece is very well played and put on. In the matter of real - effect, " Madame Midas " io wealthy, for we have a buggy and pretty pair of ponies on in one aot, and a hansom cab in another. And as for sensa tion, why ,you fairly wallow in - it, so what : more can'you desire ? Beg pardon, you've heard— ? Never mind what you've heard, go and judge for yoursolf. There ie some talk of " Roraauy Rye " as being likely to follow " Madame Midas," but. as yet no dntes are fixed. A highly successful run of"Tho.Glas? of Fashion " was brought to a close at tho Criterion last night, and this evening James Albery's famous comedy, "Tne Two Roses," will form the bill. A play ao well known to tho averago theatre-goer, aB a work of almost phenomenal euccea; needs no word of ours to warm its intro > duotion, so we will merely point out that the piece will, in common with the other productions at thiB theatre, be presented by an able company of people who know their business, and are quite aware of what the occasion demands. There is some talk of taking " Tho Two Roses " off on |Friday evening next and putting up " Our Boys " for five nights, but that, of course, all depends upon how the public treat the coming week's bill. Saw Royce the other night, and having remarked that he looked in tho pink of condition and appeared to bo several years younger than when we Baw him last, wo replied in the affirmative to his u,ual invitation, aud over it we had a | chat about tho coming pantomime, the | sanitary condition of Melbourne, and other equally cheerful subjects. Con cerning the production of the pantomime at Easter instead of at Christmas, E, W. thinks it is very wise, as the temperature being considerably lower, both tho company and the pubiio are certainly more comfortable. Everything is satis factory in tbe matter of preparation, and he hopes by Easter Monday night to bo able to placo before the public |jf Sydney buoIi a pantomime as it has never yet been their good fortune to witness. Something in favor of "Sinbad the Sailor " is that although it played a considerably shorter time than any of its predecease rs in Melbourne, yet in proportion it brought a lot more money to tho treasury. i Amongst other correspondence which reaohed the office of this paper during last week was a most pathetic appeal made by " a_ sufferer from the inconvenience" against the lofty hats and bonnets in the stalls' nuisance. The writer, we Burmlse, is evidently one of the unfortunate many who have at VariAlia UniOP nnl> MM iUni Itl> 5La VIAMVIO jiuti UJJ uuvi- rnuucjr au tuu doors like Trojans, and soon in return absolutely nothing bat a dreary wilder ness of bonnet and back hair. Our suf ferer claims that if. the nuisance (and we make no apology for rising the term) was abated, it would be the means of drawing more gentlemen from the gallery to the stalls, for in the former section your view is _ never obstructed by a hat, aud, he might have added, nor by a coat or waistcoat on a sultry evening. We are scarcely with our correspondent there, be cause we have doubts aa to how the wholesale importation into tho stalls of the gallery -element would work, but in his just complaint we do firmly uphold him, and yet we aro without a single suggestion for the remedy of the trouble, There is one way, of course, and that is a role making the removal of the headgear by ladies in the stalls imperative. But how that would work wo leave the managers to determine, adding, however, that it is in our opinion a fair and just cause of complaint, which should, as soon as possible, receive the attention of those who are best in a position to remedy it. We might fittingly conclude with the songster's version uf the situation — Did you ever go to a theatre ,and taking your seatjyou find a girl in front with a great big hat, and you aro sitting behind. You wriggle and squirm, you twist and turn, for a view of the play you aim, Y.,u can't see the stage, eo you get in a rage ; but she sits there just the same. It iB said that £10,000 has been left to Clement Scott, the well.known theatrical critic, by an unknown lady admirer. Great Scott i . Mancinello's " Isaias" was given for Uie first time in London in February last by the Royal Choral Sooiety. Miss Kate Yaughan has been scoring at the Globe as Lady Teazle. The net profits of tho Carl Rosa Oper-i Co., Limited, for the past year amount t > £8637 9s Id. After writing off £1768 0. lid for depreciation, and £1371 123 6d 0:1 account of goodwill and other capital ex penditure, and paying the dividend on thu 7 per cent preference shares, the director-- w.tr .rqooii! irimit to tl.-.o -..hareholders thu a dividecc. in- jHi-ed. 0:1 the oi-il:ir shares at |.b« rate of '8 o.n x->t- iiM-iii»uiu', for the Judi-yeae -raded December 'ki'nVH'. making, with the interim dividend putd u. Jnly, 1888, a dividend for tho whole yea. at that rate. Tliere will be a ba'nnoe 0! about £650 to carry forward. Mr. Buohanan's new play, founded oq " Roger la Honte," has been accepted for production at the Haymarkot Theatre. Ii will be remembered that an extraordinary likeness is snpposed to exist between the hero and the villain of the piece, aud Mr. Eeerbohm Tree intends to sustain both parts after the manner of the representa tive of Lesnrques and Dubosc, in " The Lyons Mail." The piece will be elaboratoly mounted. It is probable that Mr William Torriss will make his American debut iu the same play next October. "Doctor Cupid/' a successful comedy, now running at the Vaudeville, will shortly be produced in Australia. RThe manager of a theatre at Aldershot tecently did a neat th'ng. Whilst a fire was raging in the flies, lie coolly stepped to the footlights, and told the unsuspect ing house that, in consequence of " adverse circumstances," no performance could be given that evening. At this the house quietly withdrew, and tho terrible cause was unknown until all were safely outside the building. Nobody ro'.urned to demand their money back, and a few hours later scarcely a vestige of the theatre remained. Poor Toole, the comedian, has recently sustained the loss of his wife. This was tbe last tie, so now that those he loved best are gone it is more than probable he will visit tho colonies. Whilst on the sad subject passing reference may be made io the death ot Mr. T. Mead, familiarly known as Tom Mead, an old and highly respected uiemb.-r of Mr. Irving's Company. Meai was the finest "ghost" that ever appeared i.i " Hamlet," but like all of us he had to give it up at last. He leavo3 living memories behind him. Hall Caino and Wilson Barrett's new- one, " Good Old Times," was produced for tho first time on February 12, at the PrincesB' with highly satisfactory results Australian life is here again mtroduoed, and Mr. Robert Pateman is said to pour tray a Tasmanian aboriginal like a nativ —of London. 