VANISHED EMINENCES. (nary N-ws.) S"Let us sit upon the ground and tell sad stories of the death of kings," says one of Shmkespeaee's characters. The invitation is ap proprianto to the day, thou"h not so appropriato as in the time of ticarrd III. Though motarchs have suffered violent deaths sinee then, it has not been the rule that they should be deposed or " slain in war," or " haunted by the ghosts they have devosed," or"poisoned by their wives, some ileeping killed, all murdered." As for Royal suicide, it has in recent times become compara tively rare. A savageo monarch whom we worsted at -Magdla blew out his brains in the agony of his misfortune. In this respect King Theodore unconsciously displayed the spirit of Frederick the Great, who carried about with him in the Seven Years' War a pill which would, if necessary, justify his boast that he would never be taken alive. His luck, however, was betia-than that of the ill-fated King of Abysssiila. Nearly two years ago the King of Bavaria voluntarily sought oblivion in the Lake of Stirnsberg. Of ies insanity there was oven less doubt than there has been of that of other princes who have trilled with lives that were not their own. Prince Rudolph's death by his ownu hand is as mysterious as it is necessrily sudden. It has been observed by Buckleo mid others that mili tary men cdmmit suicide oftener than other classes. Certainly there has been no little suicide among Continenta-l officers lately. That in the cold law of averages a Royal victim should be counted in would probably not have surprised the author of the "History of Civili ration." . .The sensation of shock that has unquestion ably been caused by the Archduke's death is of course due inr great degree to the eminent position he filled. His was necessarily a con spicuobs figure, since, apart'from any iuidi :idiuality of its own, it was that of the ap tarent heir to the Austrian throne. When such men so suddenly disappear. it is as if the familiar features of some landscape had been lbliterated by volcanic gencey. They are sidnislied eminences. Our awe at their pre cipitous disappeararnce is partly dulto that, and partly to our helpless speculitons assfo what may ho the consequences, or as to what otheralterations in the earth's surface will sur r?e us nest. We have ha? d muany such sur priseslately. Although the Emperor Frederick's deathlfrom c uner so soon after his father died was in the ond quite anticipated, the first reve lation of the prospect of that detth was dis tinctly one of those surprises. More akin to the cvensAit Moyerlizig was the Prince Imperial's death, not in the nature of its violence, of course, but in .the facts that he did die by violence, and that the news came upon ovetybody mwitll ippalling suddeniess, and that hi hu were cenitred the Ihopes of a dynasty. That event asahx recalls the death, by a fall from his c?rrage, of Louis Philippe's son, the Duke of Orle:ms, in 1842. Though unlike those two prifices, the Duke of Albany was neither heir nor pretender, his death also produced .by its suddomess thie same peculiar sensation or shock, inteisified in this country by the ncar ness of his relationlship to our Queoen, and by the. respect and confidence hle hid in spired in the people by his well-spent life. Hardly less- sudd6n than in all those cases wase the blank caused by the death of the Prince Consort. It may therefore be men tioned amng the painful surprises which in our tms death hassprung upon us. The Prinucs Alice's death ranks with all of -these in tragic interesit and above most of them in pathos. Napoleon the Third's disappearance from the mnapof Europe practically occurred at Sedan. That surrender took away the breath nerlhaps more thal any event which can be recalled in modern eminiscence. Iis death, as has been somaiwhier said, was after this but an anti climax. The sad fate in Mexico of Prince Itodolph's uncle, the Emperor Maxiimilian, is linked in association rwith the unfortunate KNaopbloonio name. Of modem irssassinations none euualss in daring- and horror, or' in its paralysmg : effect upon the cirilised world, ile iurder of thd Czar, Alexanuder II. . Sif the sudden vanishing of eminencie, due to rank, be impressive, as- well proved by the public vecoption of the events in our times above recalled, it is certainly no less startling when men emiieint by their ownu mrits are removed -at a- blow. The' names of two Presideits - of the' Unlited -'States who have succumnbed to the'violence -of the assassin within the memory of the- present generation will at onces- leap to the reader's mind, as well as that of our own Indian. Viceroy Lord Mayo, and of-that -brave English general the hero of Lucknow, who, though ho did not die by the assassin's hand, was almost as suddenly loJest to. his country.. Sir Robert Peel's death was like those to which we have referred in the sense of sudden void which it created; and in this country at least the fate which in a similar way overtook Bishop Wilber force made a profound sensation. These are some of -the conspicuous figures suddenly ro moved in recent times. Others will occur to the memory of individual readers. If we include -among our tadnished eminences all who have had the eyes of the world turned for the moment upon them, the name of Lord' Frederick Cavendish-will not be forgotten. His violent end made the public hold their breath as much as any of the sad events here recorded.. Nor can it ever be forgotten in the lives of the' present generation how the world in thrilling suspense awaited the issue of. that wonderful Nile expeditibn, which came within touch of' Khartoum only to hear of the noble death of he gallant hero, Goidon. The above is an illustration.of one of the most perfect and cheapest cooking ranges we have yetsoon.. Itis mown as the Centennial, and _Iessrs. tEics aedd Addenbrooko, of 411 and413 Swanston street, Melbourne, are the patentees .and manufacturers. It has been designed to meeot all the latest coloninal roequirements, and in oevery way carries out what is claimed for it. They require no building in, and will work as well in the' open air as in chimneys (the standard eises of which they are made to fit). \- -They are made entirely of cast iron, which is especially prepared by the firm, and whichL will stand the action of the fie about si. tunmes as long as thebest pheet iron, the ovens. are very large, and are made in separate, pieces to allow of expansion and contraction, the venti lation has received sipecial' attention, adnd Dly a valve is led into the flue, carrying away all odour of the cooking. The ranges are made with and withouthoilers. Only one fireis required, and wood, ooal,or coke may be used for fuel; in the case of wood, by a special attachment to suit •ountry patrons. The ranges are made to take af. Ingths, :but only 6in. burns t one time, thus. saying-. per cent. of fuel. The flues nass from .the fire over the top of the oven, heatiag all the top plate, down thle side of the oven; ,der the b'ottom and up the back,- thus givinga peifectlyeveii heat on all sides.Thie doors inm front of the fire are in two parts,, and instead of openinig out like the oldstyle, falldown'and form racks -for toasting,- etc, Ine the fire-box cast iron has been substituted for:fire-bricks, and as the tiro-boa is the first part of a stove to wear out, any unskilledperson cai replace it by obtaiuingdupliates frem the makers. A fire lighter acomalnies each range. This is a most ingenqous"lttlota tlhig, consisting of a sdaill cast -i"? frame, filled with asUestos. Thesasbestos is danpeod :withk erosene, and lighted,' when'it gives out abrilliant flame,lastinig for 'l5 minutes, and ensuring ti fir even with wet'kindling fuel. The' wrlimanahip on tile ranges is all that oould be dbesired. 'Tho-latch'binges, ash-pa? and all the'bevelled edges are'biightened, while the tap'of the boiler and the handle of the venti Istor as nioelynicke!-plated .. -e . ..,. . Mees.H?iks'and 'Addenbrooke- ar.th.first to put down:plant in Victoria fo} the smanufac ture..of. cast-iron portable ranges and stoves, and.their enterprise desesbres the soccess that has attende them sincedthe business 'as been in existence. ' . . They will giveevery intormatior on applia tion, either byl etteror personally, at theworke, 411 and 413 Swanston street . - 