A PIT BROW LASSIE,; A STOUT OF MINING LIFE. BY J. MONK FOSTER, Author op "A Poor Man's Tragedy," " The Moss Pit Mystery," " Judith's Romance," "For Love and Gold," &c.; CHAPTER XVI. (Continued.) Beyond the Fallen of, " It is not a fancy with ino," Kate murmured. " It is connection. My father left home that morning, seventeen years ago, in the very clothes in which we have both seen him, and as he has never been seen again, of course my mother came to think that he had gone away. I shall never rest satisfied until that roof is cleared away." "But how is that to be managed?" Luke asked doubtfully. "I don't know, but it must be done," elie cried, " if I have to come down by stealth and do it myself." " It will take a man a week to do it, Kato." t " No matter, it shall be done. I shall go to the manager and tell him all, and he will perhaps have the dirt cleared up." " Perhaps he may. Anyhow we can see what he think about it." " What time will be the best to see Mr. Latham ?" "To-morrow afternoon, I think. He is a very nice man, and will certainly listen to what we have to say though, of course, we can hardly expect him to believe it as we do." " And my mother ?" " Had better know nothing yet. If the manager consents to have the fall cleared up we can tell her then." And so it was agreed. On the following afternoon Luke and Kate repaired to the residence of Mr. Latham, the manager, which lay only a few minutes' walk from the King Pit, and on presenting themselves were at once received by that gentleman in his parlour. Mr. Latham was a man of fifty, or thereabouts, and had been connected with the collieries be at present managed for over thirty years. He had begun his working life there at fifteen as a mining student, and had gradually worked himself up to his present position, filling in turns the appointment of fireman, under looker, mine surveyor, under-manager, and, finally, the honourable and lucrative post of general manager. He was greatly respected by his work- men on account of his genial nature and love of fair dealing, and, although he had the reputation of being very sceptical on matters of religion, no-man in Ashford had a larger or warmer circle of friends. For the rest he had a fine gentlemanly appearance, and spoke with a slight nasal twang that reminded one of America, and gave to his utterances a humorous flavour. Mr Latham seemed puzzled a little as his eyes rested on his visitors. A visit from either of them alone would not have caused him much wonder, for he had always evinced a kindly interest in the young fireman, and had often spoken to Kate since the afternoon she fell from the shore. In fact, it was owing entirely to him that the handsome pit-brow girl was permanently appointed to the place of number-caller. As briefly and as clearly as possible Luke related the whole story of his singular experience while lost in the mine, and that of Kate's on the previous night. Mr. Latham listened incredulously to his fireman's account of the spectral appar ation, and his sketch of it, that had been indentified by Kate, together with the finding of the tobacco box bearing Jolina than Leigh's name and its recognition by Mrs. Leigh. "This is the most singular thing that ever came under my observation," said Mr. Latham gravely, as he examined both the rude sketch Luke had made and the photographic view of the Red Lion. " It appears incredible, but, of course, I cannot discredit your word, so far as believing you saw it goes. Yet it must have been an hallucination or mental illusion, for no one believes in ghosts nowadays. This is the only rational explanation of the matter that presents itself to my mind, and I think it the only reasonable one that can be given." Kate shook her pretty head decisively, whilst Luke was rather inclined to accept the manager's view. It appeared more probable to suppose that he and his sweetheart had been subject to the same hallucination than to believe that they had received a supernatural visitation. But the mystery of it all was not lessened in any way by taking this aspect of the matter. "Then what is your idea of the matter, Miss Leigh ?" the messenger asked.' I believe," said Kate firmly, " that it was my father in itself that I saw; that he never left Ashford at all, but was lost in the mine somehow, like Luke and the others, and that he lies beneath the fall of roof." Mr. Latham was quite familiar with the story. of Jonathan Leigh's disappearance : had even a distinct r. collection of the miner himself, and the girl's emphatic utterance) had evidently . made some impression upon him, for he asked, after a little pause : ', "And what do you wish me to do? Have the fallen roof cleared up, and tims either prove or disprove your suspicions ?" " Yes Kate responded quickly, in grateful tones, " that is what I wish to be done. I feel certain that my father's remains will be found under the roof." "Well, we shall see," the manager answered ; then turning to Luke he added :-" How long will it take to clear up this fall ?" " A couple of men will be able to do it in two or three shifts, I think." " Then if you have any men to spare to night set them on to clear away the fall,. Yon need not give the reason for its being done. Lead the men to think that the dirt is being removed in order that the old workings beyond may be examined, and then, in case Miss Leigh's suspicions prove to be unfounded, and nothing is found, there will be no talk about the matter." The lovers thanked Mr. Latham for his kindness and withdrew. They had a short walk together to chat over the result of their interview with the manager, and ere they parted they decided that Mrs Leigh should be taken into their confidence. Both Luke and Kate felt that the clearing away of the fallen roof would disclose something, and the narration of their experiences to Mrs. Leigh would prepare her for any thing that might come to light. So Kate went homeward to relate to her mother the various chapters of the mysterious story, the closing part of which yet remained to be told and it need not be recorded that Mrs. Leigh was greatly disturbed on hearing the strange things her daughter related. 'When night came Luke Standish went to/ work, and acting upon the power Mr. Latham had given him, he selected two of the miners to commence the work of clearing up the fall. The men chosen were Joe Thomson and Harry Edwards, two of three who had been lost with him InHho mine, and as soon as he had given the rest of the night-shift men their orders he acompanied old Joe and Harry to the old road. It '" Wot are the closing in this hour fa' up for, Luke?" one of the men asked do I go they stripped themselves for work. a fine lad [? "Luke had expected some such question, '. and bearing" in mind the manager's suggestion he at once replied ; " Ah think it's being cleared up so that the old workings further on can be examined. We want to know if there's any gus in 'em " This statement satisfied the miners, and after a few minutes' chat with them Luke went away, promising to return that way in the morning in order to lead them out of the labyrinth. It was between four and five o'clock a.m. when the fireman returned to Joe Thompson and Harry Edwards, and the funnel that they had cleared away a considerable portion of the fallen roof. Wondering if they had either seen or found anything during the night, Luke exclaimed banteringly : " Well, Joe, what han v o' Fond. Some good among t' dirt or Imply you seen a ghost or two ?" " We have seen now, nor font now, only a road over t' St', Luke." About half the dirt had been cleared away, and sufficient had been removed to enable one to scramble, over the top into the road beyond. Luke saw this, and climbing up the dirt heap, he slid down the other side, never dreaming of the startling discovery he was about to make. On reaching the other side of the fallen roof Luke took a step or two along the low road, glancing casually about, and suddenly his attention was drawn to something laying against the side of the road. He hastily stepped forward, bent low to examine the thing he saw, and then a hoarse cry of terror left his lips, and he dropped on his knees like one who was paralysed. Was she dreaming or mad ? There before him lay the semblance of his sketch the figure of Kate Leigh's father-beard, face, clothes-everything-just as he had before seen him. But Luke was soon convinced that what he saw was no illusion due to either mad- ness or slumber. His cry of terror had startled Thomson and Edwards, and her riedly scrambling over the roof heap they ran to his side, to be appalled also by the sight of that which had so terrified Like. In a little time, when the three men recovered their voices, the younger man, Harry Edwards, asked in an awed whisper : " Who is he, Luke?" The fireman remained silent, but Jno Thomson spoke; and his words set at rest for ever all doubts regarding the arden tity of that silent, terrible form lying there before them. " It's Jonathan Leigh !" Joe cried. Bnr heavy has he got ten beer P. Ah there he went to Mersey teens of hours sin' saves," Luke responded, in a strange undertone, as if he were afraid to waken the sleeping figure, " it is Jonathan Leigh Kate Leigh's father. Ton knew him wools " Ah did, Luke ; ah knowed him week." 'Even as the men spoke the object of their speech seemed to be vanishing away I- was the merest shell scarcely more tangible to the touch than a shadow ; preserved so long only by having been excluded from the air and now, with the fresh atmosphere playing upon it, it began to lose each moment distinctness of outline and before they left the spot that which first appeared to them a sleeping man had become an undistinguishable heap of dry bones and mouldering rags. by one of the adjoining roads a piece of brattice-a kind of rough canvas used in mines for ventilating purposes-was found, and in this the last remains of Jonathan Leigh was carefully gathered and carried to the pit bottom. An- hour afterwards the news of the extraordinary discovery was being discussed in every corner of the mine, and by noonday the news was all over Ashford. Along with the bones of the dead man had been brought from the mine such articles of his attire as had withstood the wear and tear of time. These articles were as follows An old cloth cap, with leathern "neb," or peak; a pair of clogs, such as miners wear in Lancashire; a few shreds of clothing and finally, a broad belt of leather, in no way damaged by either its long imprisonment or ghastly work of girling a dead man's waist. These things were carefully guarded by Luke, and on ascending the shaft he placed them in Kate's possession, after telling her of the discovery. The intelligence upset the girl very much, and, at Mr. Latham's suggestion the manager happened to be on the brow when the fire- man came up the pit she had a holiday. There is no occasion to dwell upon what followed. Mrs. Leigh, when the inquest was held a few days later, identi- fire the cap, clogs, and belt as articles which her husband used to wear; and J >o Thomson testified to having recognised the remains as those of Jonathan Leigh before the air shattered the dead shell of dust. Of course there was not the slightest evidence forthcoming as to how the deceased came by his fate. It was generally supposed that he had got lost in the workings, and that the fall of roof h iii imprisoned him leaving him to do an awful lingering death. The verdict was one of death from misadventure. At the inquiry nothing' was said by either Kate or Luke of their spectral visitations, nor was the finding of the tobacco box bearing the dead man's name mentioned. Any allusion to those matters 1 v might arouse a curiosity which those cqn- J J corned thought it better not to awaken. And so the inquest past away without anyone suspecting the extraordinary manner in which the unfortunate Jona- than Leigh came to be discovered, and in due course his remains were interred in the Ashford Cemetery. The sad event brought to both Mrs. Leigh and her daughter not only the sorrow that might have been expected, but also a feeling of sad satisfaction. It was more pleasant for them to know that Jonathan Leigh had been the victim of misfortune, than to think, as they used to do, that he was false to his manhood and his marriage vows, and a renegade to his wife and child. A day or two after the discovery behind the fall. Luke Standish revisited the place, and whilst examining the old workings lying beyond he found an old Davy lamp which had evidently belonged to his sweetheart's father. He had occasion to visit the spot frequently during the time he acted as night fireman at the King Pit, but never again did he see anything of a spectral character. the W To st CHAPTER XVII. The First Breath on Suspicion. A fortnight had slipped away since that discovery in the King Pit workings which had set all the little town agog i to th wonder, and Arthur Willesden was carefully maturing his diabolical plans against Luke Standish. During the past two weeks the heart- less schemer and Moll Sheargold had met again on the canal bank, and he had advised her how to set about the task she had undertaken. Her first (mines was, he told her, to drop here and there among her intimate friends a hint as to her own condition and the man who was to be held responsible for her fall. This Moll did in a masterly way, and those who tin's gleaned the faintest into timation of her position never thought she was throwing the blackest of all suspicious on upon an innocent man. They believed her, because it seemed only the concluding portion of a tale which she had tell them in the earlier part long ago. As Art'inr Willesden had shrewdly guessed, Moll Sheargold love for the fireman was well known to her workmates, man whom she had all along led to believe that ig- her affection was returned, and that she and Luke had often been out together. rat This was a positive untruth, but only 90- Moll and Luke were aware of it. The e's other pit-brow girls had seen Moll and Luke chatting together frequently about and the colliery, prior to Kate Leigh's appear like ance on the house, and were naturally in day clined to think that what Moll told them it was true. And so the dark work went on, uses ink potted by Luke Standish, who never rose dreamt of the storm that was being pro lie pared for his special behoof. Nay, he even he- lent himself innocently to the furtherance of of his unknown enemies' plans, or Acting upon a hint from Willesden, ike Moll Sheargold waylaid Luke upon the outback, somewhere in Kate Leigh's me sight, as often as possible, and kept him in chatting as long as she could'. And this little trick gave great force and consid- at. erable colouring to the insinuations the girl had judiciously scattered, red It was no especial pleasure to the to young and woman to have the dark hand ate some pit brow girl stopping him and mil putting all sorts of questions to him and still there was nothing very unpleasant The about it, soon when Kate happened ke. to be within sight. His trust in his the sweetheart's good sense was only equalled rug by his great love for her, and he knew and that she feared no rivalry now to- Another week passed, and the passing ad. of each day added new growth to the to scheme which Arthur Willesden was so a carefully maturing. Slowly Moll Shear he gold widened the circle of those to whom was her secret was confided, and the matter was now known, in confidence of course, be- by almost every woman and girl who is- worked about the colleries. rd, As yet not the slightest whisper of all lad this had reached Kate Leigh's ears, nor those of her lover. Luke had completely that failed to understand a faint jocular all ad- sion of one of his playmates. They would lad be the very last of all to hear of it openly, or- for indelicate of speech as many of the icy miners and brow-girls were, they yet re the frained from speaking of the subject to- be, fore Kate and Luke, re- Whilst Moll Sheargold was thus care- an, fully laying the foundations of the case, red which at the proper season she intended to launch against the man she loved out of hatred to Kate Leigh, the man whose Ino too! she had become was-so conducting est himself that when the storm came no one en- would suspect him of having had a hand era in its brewing. He never ceased to pay Kate the ed. utmost deference both in word and man Ah ner, and although it was impossible to irs hide the deep admiration from her, a thing he never attempted, he did not give cause her the least embarrasment by tra- cen ing to force his attentions upon her And all his invariable courtesy and kindness so far far won upon the girl as to make her respect Willesden very much, ii." This satisfied Arthur for the present, of When the right moment came he would say give voice to all his aspirations readily ore enough, but the time was not yet. Mean re- while he pursued his scheme of diverting ex- all suspicion from himself, and his first the step in that direction was to make him an self known to Luke Standish, and compel at- the young pitman to believe that he was not really a friend. og This was not a difficult task. Kate ble introduced her lover to Willesden, and in little a while the latter had quite overcome of all Luke's prejudice by his glib tongue in and frank ways. After that first that rats with Arthur the pitman was forced to of admit to himself that his new friend was red not a bad fellow after all, and Willesden mr did not permit this favourable impression try to die for want of nourishment, jury Having learned that Standish was a sho mining student, and considerably hamper- ed in his studies on account of his slender ian means, Willesden contrived to give the rich young fireman an agreeable surprise by he purchasing and presenting to him a couple les of fine works on mining, ith Luke accepted Willesden's little gift, eps, -utterly disarmed and completely won by a his new of friends' generosity and charming. , a ways. After this they became very ed friendly, the simple pitman never dream lying that he was taking a snake to his breast, by About this time an incident occurred he which gave to Kate considerable areas of ness at the moment, and afterwards be- the- came a piece of conclusive evidence against at Luke when Moll Sheargold case was 'cr launched forth upon him. re- It was Saturday night between nine ty. and ten o'clock, and Arthur Willesden andria Kate Leigh were making their way past he the King Pit in the direction of Barristers at. Bow. They had been to a school concert, [is to which Lake had also to have gone, but not when the time came he said he had to good to work that night." ., ,- , th It was a beautiful night in the late of autumn. The gleaming stars were out in their countless hosts, a full moon rode st high as the sun at noonday, and neigh e- bearing objects and the adjacent country r- stood out almost as clearly aTin the "day-" the light. in Arthur and Kate were walking in tin in shadow of the wagons, chatting, when in us the road, which ran at right angles to the wagon road, thirty or forty paces ahead of my them, a couple of figures appeared, walk along slowly and talking earnestly. ie The figures were those of a man and a in woman, and as they passed across the rs I wagon road the moonlight falling full £1 upon them revealed their identity to Kate I Leigh, who, with her companion, remained unseen. A cry of surprise almost burst from the girl's lips as she recognised Luke Standish and Moll Sheargold. A wave of irrepressible indignation passed over Kate, but she mastered her self sufficiently to restrain herself from giving utterance, to it. Arthur Willesden had evidently not noticed her agitation, and neither by word nor look showed that he had recognised the people who had just crossed their path. Kate was pleased to think her companion was ignorant of what she had just I seen and felt. It was humiliating to know that her lover and Moll Sheargold were at that very moment together, but it would have been more humiliation still, for others to know it also. What was Luke doing with such a girl at that time, and in such a place ? This was a question Kate could not avoid putting to herself, but she could not give any answer thereto to satisfy her. Luke had told her that he would be working that night, and it was only at his request that she had consented to go to the concert in company with Arthur Willesden, greatly deploring that her lover could not go also. And now, instead of being at work, there he was with a girl who had scarcely even a decent recitation. What did it mean? Had Luke deliberately misled her? Was his having to work that night a fiction ? Had he pressed her to accompany Willesden to the concert so that he would be at liberty to meet Moll Sheargold. All the way home the girl tortured herself by turning over such thoughts and suspicions, and although she was able to disguise her sufferings from her mother, and also from Arthur Willesden, she broke down on retiring to the privacy of her chamber. And as she lay there sobbing herself to sleep, she vowed that unless Luke gave her the fullest and most satisfactory explanation she would at once end their engagement. It was better to end it all R at once than to torture herself continually ed as was now the case. at CHAPTER XVIII. Inside the Snake. Kate Leigh was far from the truth when she suspected that her lover had lied to her in order that he might meet Moll Sheargold, for he had gone to work as he had said he would, and his encounter- ing the girl with whom Kate saw him was a pure accident, so far as he was concerned. i But that which was accidental on Luke's part was pure design oh that of Moll Sheargold. Her meeting with the fireman was the outcome of Arthur Willes den's cunning brain, and he had so arranged the encounter that Kate should see them together. About six or seven hours before Kate Leigh had the unhappiness of seeing her plighted lovers walking with her rival through the colliery yard, Arthur Willes den went for a walk, choosing a direction which would, he knew, cause him to meet Moll Sheargold on her way home from the pit. . . . As anticipated, he met the girl, who was fortunately alone, and stopping her they had quite ' an interesting interview. Willesden had a special object in view in seeing Moll, and he lost no time in letting her know what that object as " I thought I should meet you, Moll," he said, with the freedom of an old friend, "and I want to speak to you particularly." " What about ?" she asked pleasantly. To give me that other false peawndvo' agreed on ?" " That is not due until a week next Tuesday, and you will get it then without fail. But if you will do what I want you to-night, I don't mind making you a present of half a sovereign." "What is it?" Moll spoke in an avaricious tone. This young fellow seemed literally a gold mine to her, and in her eagerness to possess herself of some of her loose cash, combined with her hatred of Kate Leigh, the fallen girl was prepared to do a great deal "Not much, Moll," he replied. "I only want you to meet Luke Standish to-night " " Ah'd do that there for nothing'," she said, " if ah tied a' chance," " You love him yet, I Bee ?" " Ay, an' ah alas shall do !" she re- ported. " Well, what I want you to do will be a pleasure, then, rather than a task and you shall have the half sovereign as soon as you say you will go." "We'll go, Trtieerever it is; an new wheels that they have sown ?" " There it is. I never break my word." She pocketed the coin handed to her and then asked : " Wheer am ah to meet Luke ?" ". Beside the King"Pit."_ _ '. "When?'! " To-night, when he comes up. He is working this afternoon, you know, and will have done about nine o'clock, or half-past I want you to be waiting at the bottom or the steps leading from the pit brow when he finishes work. Ton understand ?," ' Ay." (To be continued.) 