.1POO1Ri MRI MUSSt)P, S(FnoxIL i ;WonrD:) A quiet corier in it nrodilobLhlonpnoiloio so in the height of' theT ;orid-;. "seitson: Pa;?n trees and exltivd ifisrl'risi'ig their fe'til'ey arius overllheid; u isues of roses,'disdersed around: thair lie;iavyivitlperfumei ; intense heat tempered by hugeo blocskof ic, pl!acled in curutingly-contrived nooks ; a dazzle of light at the end of, a I:l? gallery, and a viioun of alil that is loreliest- and wealthiest au.l allont fashionalblo in th'.world oi I' o n',ave,'; thie intoxicating strains of the new'est walt.: played by the b:st band in London ; a young litan and a yollnr woman, l ,nnhledio. nuud uint uescious of thiir saireoundinLr., obltvious ti all save' thc:tselves aund cah othe--iti shor., the old, l t story.' . But there is no lieppiless iapllparelt on eithier couiteuance. On ite' y.uIIg inne i s, auger tand pain irue. iPriving for the mastery; onl the yolutr woalsns apllpea anxiety and impatience. At lengtl he says, in a low, trembling viec. ' And only tlss melruiug you- gave ina your prolisoe.' ' I know I did,' she answers hurriedly. 'But I told you to say nothing about it to 7nyone. You'vo not done so, have you?' Sie shook his head. ' You sco,' she went on, ' you took moe so by slrprise, alnd L hurly know wclnt I was saying. I felt even then that I :ustit have time to think it over, and now I've donle so, and I find it's no use dreaminl of it. I simply Ieanlot. Charlie. It's 11no good lloiing onllesei to have flolings. O.oe must profit oy what one eesI anlllgst one'a friends. I havo kunoan sa many who have' married for love, and regretted it before the year was out. And I'm not good torihpored croon things .go wrong; and I. can't do without luxuries and comtorts, and all that I have been used to, as some girls oan. W\V shoiild only bemiserable; and grow to hath each other, and I ddn t wantl' that.. WVo can only be friends, ydu 'know. Tihere is no reasonwhy we should quarrel' the usual sophistry of a girl who wishes to disentangle herself when the mo1 n - to whomi she has given every possible necouragement brings matters to a crisis. A look of iuite utffering came into the young fellow's earnest eyes as he listened. ' So be it,' lihe said, with Ia sigh, ' hiaco so it must be. lint it is worse than useless to talk of Jieoishloip, for the present, at all evonts. You know us well Its I do- that friendship between us now is either impossible or wicked. You throw me over now because I am poor, not, as I uinderstand, because you do iot care for mte, or could not do so if you Ullowed your feelings to guide you. Tell me, is this sot' '0 Charlio, don't torture me!' (How cleverly they do it, these women of the world I) ' 1 have shown you that it is im possible for Ite to marry you. Don't let us talk any more about it. We shall both of us forget it after at bit; and, as I said just now, wecan alwhays be friends. Lot us go back into the ballroom. I have thrown over two men already, and some of tihemwill be hunting ns out if I stay here any longer. You're not angry witl Ine?' she continued , laying her hand on his iarn m and looking into his eyes with the winsolome grace woich had' beoitched him and held him captive for, moiitlhs past. For one moment he laid his other hand on hers and heldit fast; then by i strong effort he mastered his feelings and dropped it, iand,' rising from the sofa whlere they were sitting, offered her his arll, saying, ' AngryTNo. It is not ia question of langer any more than of. friendship. You have given me greater p:in than I' hIave ever hadl to bear in miy life, but I Iau.no doubt I shlullget over it in time, ?as many anotlherr man has done beforenme; but not till lHave put soe thollsands of lliles bhtweenC Us, iand mado it impossible to meet you again.' 'O Clarlie !' .sie exclaimed. 'lWhait are you going to doP You won't go to the bad because of this! Promise me that you won't do that.' A curious expression crossed his face as he replied gravely, ' No; I trust I may never coals across any one, man or wolanll % whito would nmake such I fool of lo as that. But I cannot risk meeting you agahi, for Hlaiy, manay years, it all events. I don't at all know yet what I shall do-for I confess; Janet, I did thilnk you cared for me and nmeant In to know it. liowever, let that puse. I eshall goawav somewhiere, anywhere, at once. You will not see me again in London after to-night, and, perhaps, Hover in your life even hear of me again,. But if you ever should, I promise you it will not be anytling " bad." Htero is St. John, colming to look for you, I suppose. Good-bye ! I hope you may Aind sonic richer man who will love you as well, and devote himsellf to you as truly as I would have done.' Five minutes later the young woman was dancing and laughing and fiirtinig, thegayest of the gay; no cloud on her brow, and no .apparent sign of trouble to mar tilhe serenity witii which she received the universal homage paid to her beauty. And the young man was walking to his lonely lodging with grief at his heart, and striving hard to repress the tears which would rise to his eyes. A few days later great wsas the consterna tion expressed, and manny the questions asked, in the mless-rooll of one of the crack cavalry regilnents at Aldershot, when it was known that Charlie Vavasour Ihad sent in his papers. 'It's either mnoney or a woman, you may take your dick,' opinied a youth, with I ficoe as s0mooth us a girl's; ' there's nothing else possible.' All his hearers laughed, for it was no secret that the boy himself was in a chronic state of misery on both scores. 'I doubt it,' said can older man. ' Charlie is not rich, but lie is " his own father and mother." lie has never been extravagant, and always secuem to have money when he wants it." And as for its being a wolan, I suppose I know hli better than almost any one, and I never knew him care for one more thanl another. No, no; depend upon it li's chuoked up in disgust at not being able tq got to the Cape. I know he would have given his eyes to go on service and got his promotion soon enough to give huin a chance of commalnding the regilent one of these days. If that is his reason, I must say I think he's wise to go at once. What's the use of a man grinding on half his life, and thenl having to leave noel?s t'len?s when lho's too old to begin oi alnything else?' But no one over know the truth; and so after a time Charlio Vavasourwaas practically forgotten by his old comrades, as every one is forgotten who disappears frolm the whirl pool of ' soeicty.' T'n 'long years have passed away, and ' Charlie Yavasoliris standing on the platform of .tie ro- ilsway station at TYinmipog, the capital of lanitoba-tho ltrgo town whlichl has sprnng up as thaough b magia in tile middst of the boundlese prurio. lIo has gone thrsmgh lnminy vicissitudes and trials, bu has toadilywtbrkod his way through tlemn all, and )s now a rich1 nnin, and time owner of one of the limrgest and most flourisling ranchs in thoe ar West of Cumlda. All through thleso inn long years he has periodliely been solzed with a cravilng for 'home.' iut it is'only lately thlat lie lhas felt himself julstified in yicldhing to his dusire. Now, however, he is on his way to Englanld, iand has stopped :it Winlipeg on bulsiness, which, hieing settled, ie his strolled down to thie ct-itien to watch the arrival of tho train going west, whilst waiting the time for his own departuro eastt. wards saome hours later. Thie train is 'on. timte, as tile looed phhaseolog, hais it, and thle p~assengers, lwho have spoent three weary days .and nights in the cars, hurry out, , even those lwho are goilg on. farther being lanxious to stretch their legs and gain wllhalt enljoyment they may by walkilmg up und down thle phlatforml duriny thie ilalf-lhour wlicih the traill waits. It is the bogiunning of wilntar; thile snow lies thiok on tho gronnd'mind a pierchgwcld is blow'ing. Nevertilhs.cl', tltlly aibi turl outonly too glan io escape for iiieiilo fronl:tie stifling iitluos-' phoio .of the ovrclletoed cars. ra evoman stopped down fronl tile eolonists' aleopinlg car., She was badly clothed, and looked dirty and untfidy from long tnivolling; hut somcthimg abolit hier struck Vavasour as familiar, though he hardly saw her face, whidh. was hidden from him, whilst she helped throee children who were following hieor to descend. When she turuled round, he :started violently, and, with a muttered l Is it possible?'atrods towards her. *Janet ' was allho could flud voine to utter. For a momant, as she looked up at the broured und bearded nun who thus.,aid-. dresecdlhbo, plic failed to rcognise. lhm.. Bnt ouly? for .itio?iuint: . anid . then .' Charlie I. Sir. Vavasuir 1 yo, heroe!' .:broke -from.n her lips, while a crismson fush rose to her fore hCadcl::: ..?..., , . . . They gazed danibly at each other for some second?,i afid then one of the children plucked at her gkwn, ciring, 'Where is father?" he hasn't come to meet is.; He said he would.',. It brokOe the ijiell; usid Viveasour, recover in'g liinmslf, asked ' YeVat is the meaning of thisa?.. hat brings yea here?' ' Ah !' she exclaimed bitterly; ' you may well ask. You don't know ; of course youS'v never heard. I've sometimes wondered whether you might have seen in a newspapor, or heard frain any oneo at home, that 1 married Captain liossop--you remember Bob Mossop l' Reniemlbr himn Of course lie did. One of his own brotiher officers, the son of a wealthy stockbroker, andtthi richest inan in the regi me:it: an adumiriblo rider, and a cheery, generous young fellow, popular wherever' lie weat. but it confirmed gambler. ' You imarriod Mbarsop !' Vavasor roxclaim ed, as an inkling of wlhat was to follow passed through his 'mind. ' WYlhere is lie: \Vclat brinrsI hit out here?' 'I cmanottellyou allnow' shioreplied, ' butl we are r iinid-have lost every farthiing. We came to America four years ago, hloping that Ico miight find soimthing to do. lie tried overythina. : but we have gone oni front bad to worse, only getting deeper and deeperin debt. At last hlie came here, and has. found some work, loading baluist on the trucks; so Ihe wrote to me to bring the children, and said he would mtc e me if he could, or; if not, I;was to go to the -- house' (inminig one of the meanest hotels in the place, where all are bad), 'iand wait for hini there. I must go there now, the childre?n haIe had no breakfast; but do come and see me later, and let me toll you all; 0, if you could help us to somcthing.bottor ' Whilst she spoke, the spell which had hold Vivasuur for all the ten years past was rudely broken. Was it possible that this qtierulous, hard-featured woman was .the beautiful girl whoseo memory had haunted him by night and by day ever ince that mentor able night? A. sort of anger rose up in hlis heart against her aus he thought of the long, weary exile lie had endured for her sake. But pity mastred selfish feeling-pity not only for her, but for his old comrade and their innocent children, so heo promised to seek her later inthe day. Whin he reached the dirty, rowdy tavern which she had namied as her destination, he found that 'lMossop had been there, but had again gone to his work, o hlie waited, and whilst doing so listened to the detailed ano count of their misfortunes. It was a sad, but, alas ! not altogether ex ceptional story. Clearly she had married lossop for. his money, and for two or three years they had lived a life of undbounded ex travagnuce." In his mind's eye Vavasour could picture t all-the careerof a professional beouty and ia reckless gamble; a house in London, a hlunting-box at Meltoun, a moor in Scotland, ii yacht at Cowes opesn house everywhere on the mnost luxurious scale ; i large racing establishment, with more than doubtful horses heavily backed; high stakes and unheard-of bets at poker and baccanrat; a futile attempt to recoverlosses by criminally desperate gaambling at M~onte ijarlo; and then a crash in the City ; a father not only ruined, but disgraced, and disappearing no one knew whither; Bob M3ossop liimself with his wife and three children literally beggars, and owing large sunms in every quarter ! ' You know,' she said, ' that I had nothing, and it was worse than nothing, for I owed my dressmaker several hundied pounds. I meant, indeed I meant, to pay her as soon as I wias married and had soeame money of my owni. But I don't know how it was, I always seemed to be wanting more and mlore things ; and when they know I'd married a rich ninl, they left off bothering about being paid, aind I went oni, thinking I could pay thlem whenever I chose; and then, when we'd lost everything, it was dreadful the way the bills canto pouring in. O Mr. Vavasour, if you only know what I've gone through these last five years you would pity me, in deed you would ! Bob took a vow that he would never touch It card or beta sixpence again in his lifo, and ho's kept it religiously. But no luck over seems to comeo our way, unless meeting you should be so. Do try and help is I . Just think what it is for me, after all I've been used to, to have to do anything for myself and him and the children. Look ait my hands i' Hard and rough and scarred they were, indeed, unrecognisable. But Charles Vava sour had learnt niuny things during his exile, and amongst them that soft white hands were by no means a necesaury iccompaniment of the qualities which he loved and reverenced in a woman; and the hardnOes or eoftniess of those now held up for his commiseration was about the last thing he would at the presenut moment have heeded. The shattering of his idol owas as yet too recent for hint to have fully realised how completely and irreparably it was broken, and he was, moreover, full of that kind of tenderness which a man seldom entirely loses for the woman whom he has at once hoped to call his wife ; 'so during her pitiful recital he had been turning overin his mind the possibility of finding suitable work on his rnnche for his old comrade. But her selfishness shocked and grieved hIin, and it was, therefore, in a somewhat abrupt manner that he rose to depart, saying, cs he took his hat, * I an very sorry for you, and do not at present see my way towards helping you and Mossop. Buit I will think it over, and should be glad to see him once more if lie can manage to meet me at the station half an hourbeforo the train going east leaves.' ?e hoeld out lis hand, which she took in both of hers, and then, with a shadowt of her old grace, said, 'You are no married?' ' Not yet,' hoe replied. ' But when I return I shall hope to bring a wife with me. I am tired of loneliness.' What prompted him to this answer he could never have told. Until that moment no idea of marriage ever crossed his brain, and six hours previously he would have sworn to live and die truotothememory of his one ideal. She still held his hand, and, looking up in his fico with her haggard, faded oyes, said in a low voice, ' Charlie, I miist tell you ; I never really cured for anyone but you. I sent you away because I wanted to marry a rich man. But I hated doing it, and have been miserable over since, and all through fhlse years I have thought of you and longed to see yOU again.' ItI dropped her hand quickly, and said very sternly, ' Necerlet me hIear such words again, NMrs; MIoesop. Thd past is the past, and you cannot recall it. Let it rest in its grave for ever. Good-bye !' and. without anotherlool lie was gone. An autumn morning in the most perfect of autumn climates. The sky without a cloud, air mnore invigorating than wordsean describe, and not a breath of wind. Charlio Vavasour and isl wife are riding lquietly over the prairie. They have been for a wolf-ilmcut with their deer-hounds, and after two capital nicuh have ridden ou to an otlying part of the rancho, where Captain aossip has charge of some horses and cattle. They hve lhad cia cup of coffee with him and is family in his comnfortable though rude og-nt, ind are now on their wnyhome to 'I cannot thinik where I've seen frs. Mossop before,' says Mrs uvnisour. *'Do Son know who she was, Charlie? I seom to now hlier face oquito well, but can't roetomber ,where I've scen it.' Vanmouir hesihitafs for n momenit, and thon says, 'Do you rencentber a photograph I shoowed you of Jccnet Etheridgo "' ' That lovely girl whomn you said was the only one you ever cared for until you met m Yes ; of rourse, I remember her. You said she ivas dead.' , SForgive me, deer,' he says, smiling, ' I only told you hallf a truth. Hitt ghost still tuunts the world, and you have seei it this norning.' Itre. Vavasour for a second or two looked puzzled. Then ridiog close up to horhusband and liylnmg her hand earsasingly on his umi, said ' You mernt that ill tliat hd made her lovable to you was dead?' He nodded. Ah, Charlie I then now I can understand why you so often -speak of her as if'iooir M?r roasop I"' 