VANQLO.0pLONlAt;Q0S9IK: [From oar own Correspondent] lxmdon, novemoer la. .n. gcusb mautiug iu lavuur ui uupuci&t; federation was held at the Mtnaion House this afternoon, the new Lord TWVtrnf nroaWtnnr Ono of tha rv\Ha'n. iona proposed asked tor tne asaemmmg or B , second colonial conference baforelong. 8 .ord Carnarvon, in seconding this reao- | ution, patted Sir Heury Parkea on the i -ack for enunciating his colonial federa- f ion idea. The Lord Mayor expressed tia opinion that ho thoaght Imperial r ederation would farther the. commercial c expansion of the British Empire. Lord ( ioaebery, in Bpeaking, said that the ] rord ''Imperial' was not popular in the € solonles, as it represented red tape. He 8 iupported the Idea of another colonial ; inference being summoned at an early ( late, and remarked that he looked for- t rard to a time when this country j ind the colonies might be self-sufficing nth regard - to our foreign and c external policy, and that would ba a ?- ;ledge for the peace and prosperity of all - B&nkicd.; Cardinal Manning said he \ jelieved Imperial Federattoniris were pro- | nojicg one of the most vital Interests of \ .heir common country in Booking universal , federation with our colonies. Mr. G. R. , Parkin, who has recently been travelling j B the colonies, made a very eloquent speech, which was heartily cheered, the , uidienca enthuaiastically taking up his , joints. Among others who spoke were ?Sir Robert Fowler and lieutenant-General- ,( Laurie, of Canada, who said that Canada ] would not be content to go on as a depen iency, and that ahe aimed at directing the , iffalrs of a common Empire. The High' ] Commissioner for Canada waa present, - but there was no official representative: of . Australia in the room. : . It is now practically settled, I hear, that the steamers carrying the homeward . ; mails will leave Adelaide on Wednesdays &t; noon. The Indian authorities hive - agreed to this, as well as all the Australian ; Governments interested, except BTe w South j Wales. It is the general opinion that South Australia has acted very generously ] in the matter, as the old — or, as I should still say, the present— arrangement was eminently to her advantage. ??] Sir Arthur BIythwas present at the Skinners' dinner on the 7th, and returned thanks for the colonies, being the senior Agent-General by priority of service in England. : Mr. Rauoh, the Manager of the South Australian wine exhibits at the Paris Exhibition, was aome little time back made a member of the Aoade'aiie Natdonaie, and after the Exhibition Jury had gone through the South Australian wines he sent some of the surplus samples to the Acadeznle. Tha result has been most gratifying, aa Messrs Hardy & Sons, limited, H. & E. Crozler, E. B. Young and Co., G. F. Cleland & Co., Penfold & Co., Dunatan & Co , and Mr J. H. Foureur have been awarded a gold medal collec tively. The Auldaua Vineyard proprie tors have also been awarded a gold madal specially for themselves, as their wines were entered by themselves and not collectively with th9 others. The Aca de'mie Rationale ia an important body, and was founded in the year 1830. Admiral Fairfax is in England, and haa already taken in hand his work aa a Naval Lord at the Board of Admiralty. . Professor Pepper, not his ghost, haa re appeared In London after a ten years' absence in Australia. Mr. Quint in Hogg presided over Profeasor Pepper's enter tainment, which consisted chiefly of a lecture.. The Professor said that when in Australia he had chiefly resided at Bris bane. His neighbours, he said, would frequently send In, asking him to let them have half a dczen trees, which he gave with as little thought as if they had been cauliflowers In England, He was ap pointed analyst, he said, to the city of Brisbane, and used to have ' fine fun' when the people tried to bribe him — all in vain, added the Professor, of course— not realizing that all samples reached him Bimply with a number attached, affording no due to identifica tion. On the whole, the Professor de clared, he had doue well In the land of bush fires. He Bpoke of gold shares and land investments, and showed a picture of his Queensland home. The Professor had described it aa of the meataafe order of architecture, but the Londoners thought it a handsome residence. Of course the Professor spoke of the astonishing growth of the {Australian Colonies : even I can remember the time when the colonial was regarded as a wild beast in England ; now he Is looked upon as a prodigy. In cricketing circles in the old country there Beams to be considerable objection to the proposed visit of Australian cricketers next year. The assigned reasons are that the cricketing public will only spend a certain amount of money for the purpose of watching the game, and the other that the greater attraction of the Australian matches have a reactionary effect upon ordinaiy county cricket. But the real truth is that there is almost a panic among the leading cricketers at fc«j published strength of the proposed cricketing team. A well-known cricketer eaid to me the other day, ' We have been beaten by those Australians on the river, in the ring, and there is every prospect that we shall be beaten In the cricketing field next year if this team come3 over.' No wonder then that every obstacle is being thrown in the way of the team coming. Mr. A. G. Steel, the well-known cricketer, is candid ; he pleads for five yeara' grace. . The Australian Ir.igation Colonies Magazine says that South Australia is coming into increased favour as a field for speculative investment. Witness the boom, says our youthful contemporary, in KaDgarillas during the last week or two. I have heard of men, writes a newspaper correspondent, who have cleared thousands by transactions in these Bhares, the British public apparently be lieving that this silver mine ia going to equal, if not eclipse, the Broken Hill Proprietary claim. Then, again, the Reedy Creek Gold Mine, another South Australian property, ha3 just been pri vately floated. I hoar, too, that boring machinery, with all it3 latest modern im provements, has been shipped to Adelaide in the 8. a. Hubbuck to test the South Australian petroleum fields. It might be added that the Great Eukaby has fallen rather flat, and that a few more mines situated in South Australia are waiting to be born at a suitable time. The illus trated descriptive work of the Awtralim Irrigation Colonies has been placed by Lord Knutsford In the library of the Colonial Office, and is to be found, what is more for practical good, in all the free libraries of the United Kingdom, and other places where the public frequent. The artistic and faithful pictures of the Eiver Murray and adjacent scenery, original drawings in I black and white, executed by Mr. J. Needham, of South Australia, for the illustrated book of irrigation settlements, are now to be seen at the London offices of the Company, having been suitably framed for public inspection. Not a single official representative of the Australian Clonies or of Canada wa3 invited to the Lord Mayor's banquet, though it is supposed to be a thoroughly representative gathering, aa everybody holding a representative position in London is asked; suoh an omission as happened this year is no less than a public affront. Several of the Agents-General witnessed the proces sion of the Lord Mayor's Show from the windows of the Fouth Australian BeqisUr Office In Fleet-street. Max O'Rell Is meditating, I hear, a book on Australians I have met. Sir Graham Berry and the talented writer are par ticular friends. Sir Franci? Dillon Bell haa presented to tbe French Government s- number of New. Zeajbind exhibits at the just closed Paris Exhibition, including cereals, minerals, and Maori figures. - The French Premier has gracefully acknowledged the gift. : The Orient Company are building a new steamer at Messrs. Napier's yard, Glasgow. The new boat will be about tha ze ct tne urmuz, ana nttea macn in tne ime way. The chief fact of other upping news is that the new oruiser elaurus, for the Australian station, will 3 launched on tbe 25ib, Lady Samuel 3rformiDg the ceremony. The Bishop of Ballarat is thinking of stuming by tha Arcadia He has been rer here three times, I believe, since he aa consecrated. The Bishop of Ade tide's protest against the validity of the lection of Dr. Sauraarez Smith has crived, and been printed in the Guardian. t is stated that aa no official documents bating to the election have arrived, lerefore no action regardiug the protest as taken place. Dr. Johus, the new Bishop of Ohriat [lurch, New Zealand, was at une time the ricar of Shapwich, of which Mr. H. B. . Strangwoys is patron. Mr. Strang rajs ia more tharr this, he is lay recfcbr, be chancel of the Church being hia -par-' icular property. Mr. Strangwaya' father, ,hp quarrelled with hia Vicar over wjvo.% miter of ritual, abut the clergyman out, Jgally, from the use of the ehaaeel. Mrs, James Caird, th»- novelist i who raa born in Adelaide, is bringing put a ew.book. . : ...:.:'?..' ; / . Lord Ponhester, -tb& eldeatson of Lord Jarnarvon, is going o-4* to Australia, by id-doctor's advice, ias about a- year. ; : Mr. Barr Smith fit ds Edinburgh too old during the winter, and Ms taken a Louse for six months at St. Leonard j-on- fea. .Mr. Joseph Fisher has also taken (art of a house at the came place. St. Leonards is much- frequented by Aus riliana, for it is considered by them to tave a climate much similar to tint of heir own country. I have known violets Louriahing in -the open air at this seaside (lace at Christmas time, when London ias been clothed in lea and Bnow. Mrs. Tom Scott'a friends will be glad to Lear '.hat she is new out of danger. Messrs. Gpldab'rough & Co., of which inn Mr. Abraham Scott is the Managing )irector in London, have taken the old ?remises of the National Bank of Austra lia in Leadenhall-street, London. Sir Frederiok Young had a very cordial relcome back from his trip to South Africa at the Royal Colonial Institute on Tuesday evening, when he gave his South African experiences. The Marquis of jorne was in the chair, and the Whitehall looms were filled to overflowing by those vho had gathered to do honour to one vho has done vory much for the colonieB n the old country. Sir Frederick Young ouched, when concluding his paper, upon he political situation at the Cape. He aid from what he could sea that it will lemand the greatest skill to -prevent the -ermanent ailenaiiou and estrangement -f South Africa from Great Britain, and hat the very name of the British Govern nent is despised and detested. No confi lence whatever is felt in it, and no yonder. Sir Frederick Young further iaid that ' what we have to do, however, iow Is to advocate union and co- operation letween two dominant races — the English tnd Dutch— and to do all we can to pro note harmony and goodwill between hem.' Theae remarks of Sir Frederick IToung brought up on his legs Mr. Mem nan, the ex-Premier of the Cape, who iaid that the Cape was suffering fiom a 'plague of experts,' and that the future K-licy of South Africa would not be formed n Downing-atreet, but in Cape Town or Pretoria, and he would say to the Secre ary of State for the Colonies, ' Do not iaten to the Byren voice' of Sir Frederick foung about a settled policy for South Africa.' The Council of the Royal Colonial [nstitute have just acquired a collection )f original pencil and watercolour draw Dgs by Mr. William Westall, A.R.A., nrho was landscape painter to the cele d rated expedition under Captain Flinders, Fhich discovered and surveyed the coast )f Australia in the Investigator In the pears 1801-1803 The pictures comprise ?iews of various places on the south ind north coasts from King George's Sound to the Guif of Carpentaria, besides 3 raw ings of natives, flora, and fauna. Ihe colleotioD, no doubt, ia of great his toric value, and the Council are to ba congratulated upon having acquired it Mr. Matthew Macfie, of Melbourne, reads next month's paper before the Royal Colonial Institute, the subject being 'Aids to Australian Development.' The Marquis of Lome, who was in the chair at the opening meeting of the Institute, stated that its total membership was now 3,500-^' a moat satisfactory evidenog,' he remarked, ' of the appreciation the Institute eniovs.' 