literature. THE CORAL FiftV miloa „~..u ^""^TAlNfit Fifty miles north of Venice there lied th commencement of a labyrinth of mountain the snowy peaks of the neuter of which fowl the boundary of the extensive view in *ut direction of the mainland, vksw- ► Dfi ■unmm or the Campanile in",!" ^ the St Mark. The te»m„ • n «« Ban,. ? track of the ordinary totoU?*"? 0°teide thf rarely leads him even so f.'r * 086 ^osir, the d.v.d,n8 line bet^een the ^ •'°h "3 by the Piave and the B»n. 118 *aw! half-a-dozen other rivers emnt?8PesV« selves into the Gnlt 0f VenicelS8 district to the northward. tou?**** of the aonth-eastern Tvrol «!i0rm8 »rt those remarkable specimen's nf %n^8 architecture known as the Doini """Ms* of them, rising to,a height 0ui>« have never been scaled, and it hi? ^ never will; for they are of h«W character that many lives would ?Llt0B4« aacrifited in making the attempt ?h"* wonderful thing in connection stupendous masses is that thp ese more nor less than coral reefs; thaU^? been bmlt np, at some incon<S»i 'htV6 period of time, by myriads upon „ J?ofe polypes ; and that they mnstwi ^ have been partially submergei w ^ posits are fonnd in them resemkr °e de are present in the coral reefs AhlTt"'Cbti coast; and their lines of Srvatu^r those of the "atolls" surronudin* Bce still and shallow water in the P»rfr, *r?* of They owe their appellation of n! • °e&n; »». the tat to mv«liraK ^ ^ Miss Amelia B. Edwards, so well fawi™ a novelist, once fonnd herself seized with!! invincible longing to visit this ronnuiK region ; and a new illustrated edition book in which she has recorded the l£f made d"ing her midsummer S among untrodden peaks and unfreqS valleys offers so much in the w^ j novelty that we will invite our reldere to accompany her in her wandeS Setting ont from Venice to Conegliano £ then terminus of the railway, she and her companions, following the windings of» valley, m a carriage and pair hired for the purpose, reached Longarone at nightfill Here begins the narrow gorge which leads the tourist into the real world of the Dolomites. The villages are mostly built in the Swiss fashion; the houses having wooden balconies, outer staircases, and aeep projecting eaves. Those on the banks of the Piave cluster around the sawmiUs, at which the timber is prepared that is raited down the river. A little way beyond Tii Cadore begins what Miss Edwards describes as one of the finest drives in Europe. "The road enters the Ampezzo Thai at an eleva tion which can scarcely be leas than 1,250 feet above the foaming Boita; and s closer lofty, richly-wooded valley opens the way to more ragged scenery beyond. Vast precipices tower above, scattered villages ding to the green slopes half way down, and brilliant passages of light and shadow move rapidly over all; now one peak is lighted np and now another. Here a brown roof, wet from the last shower, glistens like silver in the sunshine; there a grassyislope, fringed with noble chestnuts, glows in a green and golden ligbt; while on yonder opposite height a dark fir forest shows bine and purple in angry storm shadow." Presently the Austrian frontier is crossed, and before the tourists reach Cortina d'Ampezzo, six of the most fatnoas of the Dolomites, fonr of them exceeding 10,500ft in height, have burst upon the view. These colossal monntains rise like vast cathedral towers, very near each other, bnt completely isolated nevertheless. The effect prodnced by the spectacle is bewildering by reason of its novelty, and impressive on account of its grandeur, Cortina lies about 4,000ft above the level of the sea, and contains about 700 inhabitants, who are dins described to at in a letter we recently received from a Venetian lady who has been residing there lor the last two years :—" Simple,'primitive, unspoiled by contact with a corrupt society, nor by a de moralising journalism, they are kindly cordial, cheerful, and scrupulously clean. The foreBts and the pastures Bnppjy them with the means of livelihood. Their are few ; their habits are frugal and un sophisticated ; they are sober and honest, the climate is a healthful and a boning onei and, writes our correspondent, "C°rtina is a Paradiae," All its surroundings, as depicted ranmiiB. Ail im Burroiuiuiu&=i ——• with pen and pencil, by Miss Ed wards, pre sent a fascinating combination of grecne® and loveliness; and onr only fear ib that romantic region will presently be invaded jo "Cookies," and vulgarised and.spoiled pi incursions of 'Arties and 'Arriets. Meanwhile, nothing can rob the monntoun of their majesty, or the valleys of tfi almost unique beauty; nor can the a tising bill-sticker ever get near enough to spire, and buttresses of the Drei Zinnen l» Three Peaks) to deface them with hideous posters. Speaking of tbeie\\-n!! Edwards says .--"Seen through an openus between two wooded hills, the? risesbr P from behind the intervening P'®** Monte Piaua, as if thrust np from thei ewj of the earth, like a pair of tusks. N description can convey to • „ apprehensive reader any correct imp' of their outline, their look of f tcg, of apwardnessof bristling, irresiBti ^ Two barren isolated obelisks-thereisat - at some distance off-of pale, "'S orange-streaked limestone, ell ^ keen scimitar blides and shark-' (be towards the summit, they e!®ost (be pencil, and quite defy the pen. the natural wonders of the neighbourhood' Diirren See, a lake into • Untrodden Pmks nni Cnlregw®1 Amelia B. Edwards., fiotn. Melbourne I MdrUU, Mull®, sou fjow, and from which no stream ieeuea, | " Why it never overflows its banks, and , whither the surplus water vanishes, are mysteries for which no one has yet j accounted." I Of course nobody freBh from Venice, no one who had stood enraptured before the! "Assumption" of Titian in the Academy, or! bad looked upon bis magnificent monument in the Church of the Frari, would think of visiting Cortina d'Ampezzo without seeing pieve di Cadore, the birthplace of the great artist. It is a small town lying about fifteen miles south-east of the former place, and set like it in a zone of grandiose mountains, with one, Monte Duraaao, dominating the whole. It contains a quaint old piazza, bordered by antique houses resting on gloomy art&des;, a picturesque town-hall and belfry- tower, and the customary fountain and cafds. On the shaft of the campanile some one, with more enthusiasm than taste or skill, has painted a huge portrait of Titian, which resembles that of a giant on a canvas outside a show at a country fair. The house in which the artist was boru faces a little square containing a bronze statue of the great painter, and look ing out upon one side over a noble vista of woods and mountains. His family—that of the Vecelli—professional but poor people for (he most part, bad been settled in Cadore for two centuries, and although the boy left it when be was 10 years old in order to be educated with bis elder brother, under the roof of their uncle in Venice, be went back every year to Bpend some weeks in his birth place ; and there are engravings from early drawings of his extant which show how pro found was the impression left upon his mind by the mountain scenery of the region, and .how faithfully he reproduced its salient characteristics. The ubu&I; story is told of his painting a Madonna with the juice oi (lowers upon the wall of a bouse in Cadore, but it is a baseless tradition. The house in which Titian was born in 1477 is described by Miss Edwards as "a poor, mean looking, low-roofed dwelling, disfigured by external chimney-shafts and a built-out oven; lit with tiny, blinking medieval : windows, altogether unlovely, altogether un . noticeable." From his forefathers, the descendants of | the hardy mountain tribes, 6Ubdued by Home in the early days of the Empire, the artist in } herited that robust constitution which \ enabled him not only to live to the age of 99, [ but to continue to exercise his pencil to the ilast. "His hand never grew weary and t never learned to tremble," and he might have lived for ten or twenty years longer if the plague had not included bim among the 50,000 victims it swept away from Venice in the year 1570. It was his last wish to be buried in his native Cadore; but at such a time this was impossible, and all that was mortal of Tiziano Vecellio was laid to rest, with exceptional honours, in the Church of the Frari. One of the most glorious spectacles pre sented by the Dolomites is that of Monte Civetts, which is thus described:—" A sheer magnificent wall of upright precipice, seamed 1 from crown to foot with thousands of vertical I fissures, and rising in a mighty arch towards ! the centre, faces to the north-west, filling in the end of the valley as a great organ front nils in the end of a cathedral aisle. Towards I evening it takes all the glow of the sunset. . In the morning, while the sun ie yet low in | tae eaeti ehows through a veil of soft blue •Bbade, vague and unreal as a dream. It was thus that I first saw it I had gone rambling out through the village tot Caprile) before breakfast, and suddenly the Civetta rose up before me like a beautiful ghost, draped in a haze against a background of light. I thought it then, for simple breadth and height, for symmetry of outline, for unity of effect, the most ideal and majestic-looking mountain I had ever seen; and I think eo fltlll. But if the Dolomite country is excep tionally fortunate in the matter of scenery and climate, there are portions of it which ate exposed to appalling dangers. Land slips, or bergfalls, as they are locally named seem to occur in that region with greatei tequency and on a more tremendous scale •7;jeerbr- A ,arge 8lice of* mountain ta suddenly detached from the masB, and in instant villages are overwhelmed, and nvety living being they contained is buried ive beneath an enormous tumulus. It was • ,18 waf the lake of Alleghe was formed, mo"th of January, 1771, by the break charm Yi, th* CrCBt ot Moate Pezza- " A the !i er* Wb0 had been « work up in fthi.I? d°Wn toWflrd8 c,ose °f day, Ulain tT » S1®88' Ca',ing on tbo8e in the Wbb Jl *hemselve8, lor the mountain of death lYh' A 8ffift runr>er, with the fear Village*£flCK fr°m VlUftge 10 one befipvoH "y 88 be weat But no then where 1"J*1"® WCre £onr duloas of Y, tbere i8 the lake-* Incre Fillageg wenr f V °f the8e four hid in the rf Y t tbat eve,bng as usual, fountain ? D'Bht th® wboIe side ot fche ""whelmed th^V WUh amighty rU8b aad leaped T„ £ eeper8' not one °f whom md two were Hr / *iUagea were buried ■fotdevole owned' for tbe waters of the lad formed thlT i!uddenJy *P"iad out N buSeJ h» fke M w® now 888 ^ The it the mount!?; y c'088 undel the foot No, where Yhtt &t; tbe 80ntb€rn end of the lie Pfed in hn'LY8*4 maa8ea of Mbrit now thief Place of Vh?s-TfYi0tt A,,egbe' tbe Jhet« about th« Y-YiY* f88 8itUate some ►holly ]0st . °»ddle of the lake, and is rto°d on a alJl f' Tbe fou'th village ;Cai"et that point wh tb® nottb end. close '°n into the law bet ® Cordevole now ?otlletlan(i.8)ii! n ^°Ur mooths later, e 'ake were d»-;,,CCUr and tbe waters of "Wdoug violence th® Va,ley witb tre" J* In the Ca?ll,0a,Dg immen88 dia ■K* Alleghe « he/llLftBe which « how fhtif of the Br' JbeL wbo,e east end and organ wax r.cb Were 8wept away, Stance Up the Kler^* a °°nBider6b,e sun*. At the same moment —for the whole lake seems to have surged np eaddenly as one wave—a tree was hurled in through the window of the room in which the curd was sitting at dinner, and the ser vant waiting upon him was killed on the spot" From a little promontory on the edge of the lake Miss Edwards, loosing down into the water, could distinctly trace a long reach of wall and some three or four square en closures—evidently thesubstructureof several houses. The people of the neighbourhood declare that when the surface of the lake iB unruffled houses are discernible deep down, with their roofs still on and their chimneys Btanding, " There are those living," said one aged woman, " who have seen the old parish church with its belfry all periect out yonder in the middle of the lake, where it is deep) water. There are those living"—here her voice dropped to an awe-struck whisper— " who have heard the bells tolling under the water at midnight for the unburied dead." A similar superstition, it may be remembered, is current with respect to the towers of a city reported to be buried at the bottom of one of the Irish lakes. For a landscape painter the whole of this mountainous region muBt teem with subjects, and Miss EdwardB, who has evidently a good eye for the picturesque, has succeeded in presenting many clever sketches of the scenery both with her pen and pencil. The following may be quoted as a fair specimen of her skill with the former'" I shall not soon iorget that evening walk back to Caprile; the golden splendour of the Bky, the sweet Bcent of the new-mown hay. Neither shall I forget the two tired pedes trians, all knapsacks, beards, and knicker bockers, making for Caprile; nor the shy little maid in the iron-spiked ahoeB, timid and silent, keeping goats by the pathside; nor the goats themselves, who had no mauvaist honle, and were almost too friendly ; nor, above all, that wonderful rose-coloured vision that broke upon us as we turned down again iuto the valley—that vision of the Civetta, looking more than ever like a mighty organ, with its million pipes all gilded in the light of the sunset The sky above was all light; the wooded hills below were all Bbade. Monte Pezza, soaring oat from a mist of purple haze, caught the rich glow upon its rocky summit. Caprile nestled snuggly down in the hollow. The little village of Rocca, high on a green plateau, lifted its slender campanile against the hori zon ; while yet farther away a couple of tender grey peaks, like hooded nans, looked up to the eastern sky, as if waiting for the evening star to rise. Then the rose colour paled upon the lower crags; and the radiant cloud wreath, hovering midway across the face of the Civetta like an amber and golden scarf, turned grey and ghoBt-like. A few moments more and the last Hush faded. The sky turned a tender greenish grey, decked with golden films. The birds became silent in their nests. The grasshoppers burst into a shrill chorus. The torrent— steel-coloured now, with here and there a gleam of silver—rushed on, singing a wild song, and eager for the sea. So we lingered spellbound, till at last the gloaming came and drove us homeward." One of the great charms of the Dolomite region is that much of it yet remains to be ex plored. Covering an area of something like 60 miles square, it abounds with valleys, gorges, and ravines, into which even the ad venturous wood-cutter has not penetrated, and which are as solitary as some of the re cesses of the mountains which emboss the county of Evelyn. Miss Edwards and her companions pursued the bridle tracks, and did not get away from the towns and villages; bat an Australian bushman, ac customed to camping out and to " humping his Bwog," might spend a whole summer in exploring a country full of beauty, and apparently rich in minerals, the extraction of which appears to be most imperfectly under stood. At Primiero there is a silver mine, which was successfully worked at the be ginning of the fifteenth centnry; and near Anronzo an extensive lead and silver mine was formerly exploitered, the entrance to the main shaft being still visible. To the geologist and the botanist this romantic country is also full of interest, as well as to tbe antiquary, for there are remains both of Etruscan and of Roman occupation to be still found there, consisting of bronze weapons and ornaments, and articles of pottery. Lastly the Dolomite region and the country to the south of it have given birth to some of the most distinguished painters who have adorned the history of art in northern Italy. Titian, as we have seen, was a native of Pieve di Cadore ; Giorgio Barbarelli, better known as Giorgione, was born at CaBtelfranco, in tbe same year as the great artist we have just named ; Giovanni Antonio was born six years later at Pordenone, and now bears that appellation ; and Giovanni Battista Cima was a native of Conegliano, and is commonly designated by tbe latter title. 