T H E D E V I L S D I E . ' i , J (By U s m ALLEKJ (CONTINUED FBOM oust JUAST,) CHAPTER XLYl.—Contimi€d. H^^m^ot^^Cre Mey^at. TOJB una' collapse of tbelr last hope, liad not something suddc^il^ ^tiiTed in a house opposite them. The doors anil" windows 'were 'gone tAieretoo^'afid, peeping, .rpapd, ilfn^V M^iammad Ali just caught the ste&7thy"eyes of a jackal, but which in tue American pnuctehp * i judged ;rather, to ibe the coyote of the. couutiy. Astonished at the he lei'ped up hafeti!y, and crossed the road. yThe skulking beast, bursting away in terror, rushed headlong from the' liouse by the back way as, Ali enured, ,and on hjs, road rattled over. something that lay beneath £he bir—for "the fiotiseliad been a Isa^bdn— and tliat sounded like glass as it jangled and clattered. Mohammad the.en^t^stnd deserted counter j then, kneeling down, he*aw four orfir<e bottles lying on the ground, cordedand wired; and, oh I joy unspeakable, with something in them. He took one up. His eyes reeled as he saw; whg,t it contained It was soda-watpr. Whoever had left that house and carried off all that it contained of valuables, had not thought the stuff worth carrying with him. , To Mohammad Ali it was more precious than diamonds. He pulled off the wire with trembling fingers, and egged out the cork by dexterous side pressure. The soda-water had parted with most of its gas; bat it was stil! fresh and quite drinkable. In his eager joy, he swallowed half the bottleful at one longfamished pull, and' returned with the other half, brandished aloft in his jubilant hand, to poor thirsty and despondent Ivan. Their find inspired them like another reprieve. Where .there was drink, there might also be food. They returned together to the house opposite, and opened a second bottle of that precious drink. It went down their throats with a feeling like balm. They counted the bottles. Never had anything earthly tasted so delicious. There were Btill three left. That was liquid enough to last them out for twenty-four liours. If only they had food, all might yet go well with them. Food, food, was now their chief requirement. They turned to ransack tiie.deserted grocery store. The shelves and bins were all utterly empty. They mounted the creaking, ramshackle stairs. They found nothing in the bedrooms and cupboards. " Let's try the collar," Mohammad Ali said. They went down once more, and Ivan lighted a match to explore its contents. Thank heaven, the cellar was not quite empty. Among the skeletons of rats lay two tins of preserved lobster and one can of California peaches. The rats had eaten all else in the place ; but these three tins were too much for the teeth of starving rats, even. Ali took out a pocket-knife and opened them in haste. The contents were old, stale and mouldy, but 3iot uneatable. They swallowed the whole of the lobster first, and then the peaches. They were too hungry for prudent reserve. After that, they sank fatigued on the floor of the shop, and silently ruminated over their strange position. For an hour they lay there in the shade of the empty building, and then, to their immense and boundless astonishment, they heard human voices resounding distinctly in the grassgrown street of that deserted city. At first they could hardly believe their ears, but as they listened the voices grew clearer and clearer. Mohammad Ali rushed out into the open,. closely followed by Ivan, in his rags and tatters. It was true ! It was true! They were saved ! They were saved ! Two covered waggons, drawn by four stout horses each, were moving slowly up the disused high street. With a loud cry Ali and Ivan darted forward to meet them. The waggons were large and full of men, laughing and talking, in excellent spirits. They . had evidently come a long way, and were enjoying themselves in hilarious mirth. But at the sight of those two gaunt and tattered scarecrows, wasted and thin already with their four days' agony, the men drew up and looked for a moment "paralyzed with fear, and with superstitious astonishment It was strange enough to come back the first to that city of the dead, but stranger still to find as they entered it two living corpses advance like .ghosts from the skeleton of a house on its outskirts to greet them. They seemed like dead inmates of a phantom city. TilP'tbM^'moni⁢, indtM^ia the: pressing anxiety of their life-and-death struggle, AH and Ivan had wholly for-! gotten the yeirdness and strangeness of their own wild aid haggard appearance. But in truth, their aspect might well have astonished anyone who came upon them unexpectedly in the grassgrown streets of that unpeopled town. Th^itf'l clothes were ragged and torn with climbing, and bleached with the warping effect of the alkali; their faces and hands were burnt and scarred afrd icovered witli blood ; ; their raw and broken knees peeped out unabashed from the tattered rents in their dustyj trousers ; their shirts were grimy, their gone, their hair unkempt and' ApP Ure; sunken with watching and sleepless-' ness; their cheek-bones protruded a!-; most through the skin ; and Ivan's face' was wan aodTwhjte as f ghost's, whiW Ali'i natural blackness of hue was partly hidden by mingled dust and Two' sorrier ^ or more tottering specimens of humanity never yet came forth to the " Kfhtr^f^diiy to greet their fellows.' The men looked at them, awe-struck and mystified, for a single moment j tiien, as soon as they had reassured iese were breathing human beings, - and not ghosts or phantoms, as they «£emed at first eight, tbey burst suddenly Into loud peals of coarse and gay but by no means ill-liumoured laughter. "Why, boys," the driver of the foremost vra|jg^£)cii£edf|out, ^addressing them jauntily, "yoa look as if you'd been left behind nere when the folks cleared out, and Uftdft't eaten or drank or cleaned yourselves up since your fellow-citizens vacated the tanche. WhaA- hayg ;yoja^>^^ing, anyway, to getyourselves mauie intd'sucTrati^t Mohammad Ali was the first to speal " We've crossed the desert froib walk %le J^fcy^l&l;&iil; Jwe^Kfceen off and on, four, days and nights, without food or drink, at least to V>£) and no w we're tnonfthan Jialf famished." The men feaped -dpwn front the waggons 5 at once, onoe, and formed a circle comiuiseratingly around them. Run away {fn>m ,,Eagl£ I'Cjity, the ? ^rst speaker s^&efl;," "evident ^interest. " Scar'i by the earthquake over thar, I reckon.,, Wal, you look lifec it- You've had a 'pretty lUv&y;ⅈ&ejH; .Jfcpl guess. Come along up here, Sambo, and have a sup of something to^dnnk. And you too, mister; you look more deadalive'n even the nigger." Moil am mad ALL to the very quick to hear himself called..by those contemp- tuous names, afld^HOw, in the joy of human fellowship and a return to the world, be. could have flung his ar^s around the rough but well-meaning men of that rude and careless prospecting party. He rkised hitoself into the waggon with what strength he had left; and the strangers lifted up Ivan carefully after hiitn. '' Dead beat 5" the first speaker "muttered compassionately. "Here you are, mister. Take a pull at that. It. ain't water, nor yet rnilk. You'll find it do you good, even if you do happen to be a melancholy teetotaller. Ivan took a lopjgdrink; at'the^fiask the man held out to him, temptingly ; it was Bourbon whiskey, almost neat, but it tasted to him blander and sweeter than anything he ' had ever drunk in his life; and then he sank back exhausted, wearied out with fatigue, on the floor of the waggon. One of the men passed the bottle on to Ali. The Indian took it, and drank deep draught. Then he looked anxiously and wearily at Ivan, The men noticed his earnest look at once, and one of them clapped him heartily on the back. "That's so," he said, with a friendly nod. " If you want a man to stick to you in hard times, you take my advice, arid go to a nigger. Niggers is scum when all goes well; but when you're dead broke, I say, and down on your luck, all their prime qualities ;seems to float uppermost, and they'll stick to you then like grim death to an Injun." Ivan raised his head and looked them in the face with an appealing 'lance. " If you had been with us and seen all," lie said earnestly, " you'd know that no man ever "showed greater or nobler devotion to another than my Hindoo friend, Dr Mohammad Ali." Even those rough Westerners, coarse in manner and in grain as they were, read instinctively in his tone and manner the profound meaning of Ivan lioyie's carefully worded sentence. " Wal, you're a white man, and you'd ought to know," the iirst speaker replied after a short pause, in an altered tone. " He looks like a sort of a man one would trust, right down in a prairie fire. Jest you set yourself right thar, doctor. Boys, move aside a bit, ond see you make the doctor square and comfortable," It was blunt courtesy, but it was courtesy for all that, and Mohammad Ali accepted it gratefully in the way it was intended. Bowing right and left with lofty and courtly oriental gravity, he seated himself on the floor where the men motioned him. The strangers were impressed. They were more impressionable by nature than those of Eagle City, and the evident hardships that Ivan and Ali must have gone through together made them feel a sudden burst of sympathy and respect for the strangely dignified and high-spoken black man. Besides, the comers were in high spirits, and high spirits' and the hope of gain put one in an excellent temper for the most part with the remainder of humanity. They drove on soon with hilarious merriment, extracting gradually as they went from Mohammad Ali the story of that terrible forced march across the alkali desert. Mohammad Ali told-them the whole tale without the faintest pretence of reserve or concealment. He explained to them in full, with his quiet, unobtrusive Eastern dignity, that he was a Mohammedan physician, a, native of India by birth, but in practice in London, and that he had come to America to seek his friend, Ivan Boyle, a well-known and distinguished English painter. At the last name the i men looked • up in. quick surprise. 1 "What! are you Royle?" one of them! asked' -abruptly^ turning to Ivan: Why, we've all been J reading about you in, the papers. , Then those blamed skunks at Eagle--. City have been setting you down to the credit of the shakeWithout ^due regard,* for the public sentiment of journalistic ac-j i ^Moajte Joe, the most, notori-! ous gambler on the Pacific Slope, -hkV6- rr^f se(&'yoa- t f ,ls morning's W«&e;£ Democrat W'l&ttg;, "to house i&thei; iriidsti of. the Cataclysm. Monte Joe was always.a hard swearer/ he was- but. even he never.perjured himself wuss'n that, I reckon. Here • ; it vgpredfcj the lasb edition 6f i^fpU CUy j)^cral ^ikg^'cllLity on the FJanks-W the Sier^J O&A; Town Buried beneath~ite own Ashes. A Monte Joe in a ^ewlIMMi^^^iB^1 disa^Jtro^'M >the citizens of Basle .^htsi.M ' t to the'6 etion ra Go- _ Tor He ran bis fin<z^9 d' jr'iist.: FinS^itfoil " impressive voice : ^mong mthecoluinn ie«arliest _ ... WVk: li-^j^M-tr^rx artist:fro>ii been ' engaged ! 4rf ' ating mp' fdr ^ Briffeh fi!rni f; the -r,, soon-asl mtewfe of >the disastrous, ,patastrojphfe "wired *-«asti tel^taiiis were a^^^l^^New'^tijcfe::-by the a&mfet-tfjf; journal inquinngiaJEtferlVli-Iloyle's safety. Aceordiiig to Oolonel 'Jl Ji- Bidley, better ^Monte Joe, the only survivor yeii intervife^'ed, Royle was in the cityon the <3ay bf fclies,^ock, and was crushed by i;he fall?;*sf > the Bo^d' to : Kuin, a lo^ ^atobling 'saloon ^Y.highj.h^ offim^; £requen|»^L^" " Joe told a reporter he considered .Eagle City the woFist' and 'most abandoned hole on th^ Pacific Siope^ and thbugh he, was occasionally attracted .thefe himself tiiy business, does not regret the extinc-, tion of/such ,a - vile j nestj of j thieves and gamblers., ,It ifi i conjectured from this that he owed_money to several 4e^as^jcaiizpnsj.| sl^he; .colonel speaks severely of thp j^jtL of gambling now, andj pwpo^F^ retirerfK^ .^tiyejilife intpfthe ^^te I^gi^latare. He.plaims that Eagle ,City proyok^ it^ just doom from an indulgent Providence, and he compares its fall to the fiery ties true-i tioh of Sodom and Oomcrrah, ,0?be public -do not implicitly acdept the sincerity of Joe's tardy conversion. They say he might with propriety have begun earlier." Mohammad Ali gasped with surprise. In a few words he described 'to them; the real scene that accompanied his own and Ivan's expulsion from that doomed camp. The men laughed, but were evidently weighed down within by a superstitious awe. "Depend upon it, doctor," the driver said, impressively, " it was a special Providence. The hymn says, 'in a mysterious way, His wonders to perforin.' You two was meant to be saved from that thar earthquake. Thar's where it is. Eagle City had got to go, but afore it went it threw, the two just men out of it," They drove along at a rattling pace to a house on the outskirts of the phantom town, where the men descended, with an air of old acquaintance—a house as ruinous and desolate and dreary as all its neighbours, but which their new friend seemed to accept as his own at once by right of discovery. So far, the fugitives had been too fatigued to dream of questioning their strange rescuers ; they were satisfied to be back once more in human company, and to see some chance, in a dim way, of a return to Eugland. It was all like a dream, and, as in a dream, they took it alL in without surprise or wonder. But when one of the men leaped down at last on the steps of the ramshackled tenement and cried aloud, "Wal, gentlemen, welcome back once more to home and Carthage!" Mohammad Ali's curiosity was fairly aroused, and he asked as he alighted, " Is this Carthage ?" (TO HE CONTINUED.) 