LATEST TELEGRAMS. t| (Oon Own Cable Message,) IjONOON. Mnrnli 19 Before tho TiMES-Pnrnoll Commission to* day, Goorgo Mulquoony doposod that tho knives used in tho Phoenix Park murdors had boon previously oxhibitod to tho Longue. , Tho Bank of Westminster has confirmed tho payment of £100 by Mr. Parnoll to ljyrno, cno invincioio. Tlio Times caBo has boon adjourned till April 2. Tho notion Robort Dennis v. Henniket Hoaton — for £600 for writing speeches-, nrticlos for tho National Review, and lottors to tho Times and Postmnstor- Genc» ral for Honton, from 1885 to 1888, nlso for libel in stating bofore the Colonial confew enco that ho (plnintiff) wns noting as a ? ghost — hns been sorved, dofendant paymg i'400 damages nnd £200 costs. An impression is prevailing in official circlos thnt Prince Bismnrck is ngreonblo to England becoming tho mandatory power in Samoa. Madnmo Molbn, tho Australian singer, hns been engaged for tho Italian Opera, ?- Drury Lnno. March 14. Threo hundred follows of tho Colonial Instituto banquetted tho Princo of Wales nt tho liotol Motropolo last night. Sir W. Bly th thanked tho Duko of Cnmbridgo for his nssistanco to the Adelaide- Exhibition. *-| Tho Prinoo of Wnlos regrottedthattimoand ?I opportunity hnd prevontod him from visiti .' ing Australin, in which country ho felt the doopost interest. Ho added thnt it was the duty of every statesman to viait tho colonies. In proposing the toast of tho army and navy tno mnce saiu cnac no rccogmsoa tuo efforts of tho colonios were not only to pro« tecb themselves but to protect the empire. Ho ospocinlly eulogised tho South Aus tralian olfor of troops for tho Transvaal nnd tho N.S.W. contingent for tho Soudan* He nlso oulogisod Sir Graham Borry ns a distinguished and nblo statesman. The Duko ot Cnmbridgo and Lord Boresford rosponded. Tho Princo of Wnlos nlso said ho believed tho Instituto had greatly assisted in bringing nbout an improved feoling botwoon tho colonios nnd tho mother country, whilo ho hoped it would coalesce with tho Imperinl Institute for which he disclaimed n deairo to absorb tho Colonial : Institute. Tho Earl of Carnarvon said no ono desired to preoipitato n closor union or curtail the autonomy of tho colonies. Lord Knutsford said ho wns convinced that there wns much boyond sontiment which binds the colonios to England. Mr. Lofovro will ask Mr. Smith in the Houso of Commons whether tho rofusal of Queensland to contribute to the expense of tho Australian squadron will roleaso the other colonies, or whether Englnnd will ' benr Queensland's sharo. Later. Tho Comptoir nnd the Motal syndicate) nro recovering from tho effects of tho panicij Tho Times declares thnt it awaits with perfoct confidence the rosult of impartial nnd thorough inquiry into Pnrnollism. Austrin hns stationod n corps of obsorva tion on tho Sorvinn frontier. 20,000 men are ready to travol at half a-day's notice* Admiral Junim is dead. Tho Imperinl Brokon Hill Consols com* - pnny, capital £350,000, is registered. Count Bechom represents Germany at tho Samoan conference. Tho Commons, by n majority of 60, ro« jeotod Pamell's motion oondemnuig tho LLUHU11IUI1L UX |JUlLtlUill prmUUUlO* Presidont Krugor of Trnnsvnal, and President Reitz of the Froo State, havo ngrood on n defonsivo alliance. A mooting has boon held in London to protost against tho trcntmont of Irish political prisoners. Mr. Glndstono sent a message thnt ho would unflinchingly probo tho connection of tho Governmont with tho Pnrnoll Commission. It is reported thnt Sir Henry Looh will probably obtain ono yenr's oxtonBion of hia torm of Governorship of Victorin. II. M.S. Sultan hns sunk. Tho Bank of Australasia hns doolnrod a dividond of 60s por Bharo, nnd carried 113,000 forward. Gordon's stntuto is ready for shipment to Melbourne It is roportod that M. Timid has dia covored that Paul Doroulodo hns ordored tlio French Pntriotio Loaguo to mobilise) with n viow to revolution. In tho Houso of Commons to-dny Baron do Worms stated in reply to Mr. Lofovro thnt most of tho colonies hnd urged Eng« land to proceed with tho building; of the nuxilinry squadron dospito tho rofusnl of Quoonslnnd to contribute. [A nico roputa,, tion this colony is rocoiving in this matter through tho notion of tho spurious Nation* alist party! — Ed.] 