THE CENTRAL CUMBERLAND " ELECTION. Freetraders in every other electorate are looking to-day to the freetraders in Central Cumberland to prevent a defeat of . their principle and to safeguard the Btrengtn or rneir party in tne jjegisiativo Assembly. The situation they have to deal with is admittedly an unfortunate one. They are asked to split their vote between two candidates. Tho retirement of Mr. T. W. Taylor on Thursday lessened tho difficulty and danger con siderably, but there is still a serious risk of losing a freetrnde seat. Mr. Brodib persists in his candidature. Of course it is a hopeless persistence so far as his chance of success is concerned. Ho has not the ghost of a probability of being returned at the head of the poll. W 0 do not see liow it is possible for him to avoid tho position of third man. What is in doubt is whether he and his friends have strength enough to throw Mr. Dale out of, tho first place. That is the doubt which we now place before the electors of Central Cumberland. We take it for granted that Mr. T. W. Taylor's retirement will' be accepted by his followers. His name will be on tbe ballot-paper, but now that he has thrown in his lot with Mr. Dale it will only cause him pain if a single vote is recorded for him. ' His retirement would be a farce if he did not desiro to take over all his support to Mr. Dale. Mr. BnoDiE wants to split the freetrado vote. He knows that the Ereetrade principle may be defeated in tho electorate and the freetrade party in Par liament embarrassed by his action, but he deliberately risks ail that. Fortu nately the electors can take the situation into their own hands and, bad as it is, deal with it in such a way as not only to save the scat but also strike terror into the hearts of candidates who do not recognise the supreme claims of prin ciple and party. Let every possessor of a vote in Central Cumberland who is also a freetrader and desires to see his principle represented apart from all personal considerations take the troublo to record it in favor of the candidate who has the better chanco of being returned — wc mean, of course, Mr. Dale — and victory 1b assured. It should not be forgotten that the protectionist candidate, Mr. Gee, is the strongest man his party could put forward in that electorate. He is deservedly rospectod as much by his political foes as by his political friends. But to-day's battle is one of principle, and what is wanted from the freetrade party in Cen tral Camberland is a solid freetrade vote. Saturday is the " off " day of tho weak. It is a general habit to crowd business into as few hours as possible and devote the remainder of the day to rest or pleasure. Many electors will not be able to visit the polling booths nrithout interfering with tho rest or pleasure which is so welcome after the week's work and worry. But if it is worth while to hold political convictions at all it is worth while to malco the little sacrifices whioh theso convictions oc casionally demand from our time or easo. We hope ' that tho result of to day's contest will show not only that the freetrade majority in Central Cum berland is an undiminished ono, but that tho freetrade electors ore awake to the necessity of defeating any and every attempt to divide and destroy their strength. 