POPULAR SCIENCE PAPERS. SEEING A GHOST. BY ]an. OADREaW WILSOt. IN this matter-of-fact age of ours, there are to be found, I fancy, few believers in ghosts. The spectre of ldi wi.s, to my way of thi;king, rather a ftesh-and- blood kind cf visitant. It was described as behaving itself in a decidedly sensible fashion for the most part, aihough the reasons for its appe:irance- apact f:o:u mystic warnings couve.ed to relatives, and such like offices-were not always to le regarded as of common senee n-ature. Still, I suppose glhosts of old, were facts to car forefatiters. They peopled that wor!d of the i:nagination, whLich, for many persons even in our own day, borders on the world of ewaking life, and on tile stern realities of existence. In the olden times, science, besides, seas by no means of an ad vanced nature. Indeed, in so far as the details of the nervous system aere concerned, science might be said to have ccarccly been born half a century or so gone by. To-day. the grhost has mostly gone the way of all-well, it would hardly sueiice to say " flesh ;" but it certainly represents an idea which has largely vanished from sober hnman affairs dispellei ic:`e the moriling clouds by the light of the lcomins day. Science has exorcised the ghosts and spec!res of the-past into a nothingness on the one hand, whlile, on the other hand, shlle has elevate I the tudy. of; spectral illusions into a somewhat fasoinatieg branch of mind- philcsophy. It may therefort b interesting, if we endeavour to t riy ~ca s. a.P. ol arit exdetly is may be fs itlei :hat se?ience has to say on the subject of ghosts and ghost-seeing. The beginning of Ote study is really found in a knowleddn of how we nee and hear, and ,t'fbi ti blif inses its iatg, WVhen our eyes light on an object, we really se it, not with the organ of sight, hut with the brain, Seeing, likelearing, or. any other sensory work, after all .is Eaid nt ?ed doe;: trly work- of the raind:: Th6 linoirledre of what oEt see, it. ihe eesult of an intellectual xercise.. EyO and car merely supply details on which the mind acts and forms its jodgmcnts i and, lie it remarlked, tlhese judgments are often reat mistakes and cbtiohes f.ilaroos. hea eye this paayg flt phrt tO a treceiving 0o'eb'" fe' t2ti brain. It're ceives the rays of light iehich pid thro?g?i its pnpil, and impinge upon its leanses. fl modfie these light-rays; parcels and assorts them ofst,. and fits them for travelling along the optic netve (or that of eight) to the tart of the brain which rules and regulates the sense in question. The c!ose'approach to.a kind of ocular photography which takes place in the purple-colour of the eye, thus shoes us that seeing is first'of all a matter of collecting, fixing, and transmitting pcitcsrs of things, that these pictures in turn are setit, in one shape or another, to the brain. It is only when the ." sensation" of sight, as we term it, ihas been riceived and registered in and by the brain, that we really can he said to "sce." With the car, the case is identical. Wa es of sound are assorted, tested, and finally modified, so that the brain- parts which deal with hearing may determine their true nature. When' we listen to in orchestral symphony, the multitdte of harmonies is only appreciated awhon the brain's work in hearing has bnen duly jirformted ; and how intricate that work, and also the labour of the car, must be, may be better imagined than described. - Now if, as I have shown, there is a per ouetual passage of messages or sensations from eye, ear, and other sense organs, inwards to the trait, giving rise to the consciousness of things oeeil, heard, felt: and so forth, it is none the less a fact, ffidt dceasionally this process is reversed. Sensations of sight and sound and smell and taste, are known to le capable of being sent outwards instead of inwards. In ,lace of these sensations or messages coming from the outer world to the brain, they may come back from the brain, along the ierves of osEeei to Oye; ear, hone, or tongue. It is as if he braiii had the power of projecting fonvrwards riho messages it once received from the outside world. Perhaps it may actually originate such reversed messages or sensations; but it is safer to a.sume that the common state of thingsrepre' eonts tlcereversion of mescages eriginallyreceived from the outside. What, it may be asked, is the effect upon the eye and ear of tliese re turned sensations ? I reply, they produce in the individual who is the subject of then Eon satiocs of sight and hearing. The person "sees ' or "bhears "-that is, imagines he sees or hears--tings and sounds which have no existenee out-ide himself. This is what scienee calls iubjectiv, sensation ; and this is hlow the "ghosts" of our daily life are raised. Esample will illustrate the matter more jsorerfully than yrecept, When Macleth sees a dagger before aiim, the weapon is beheld in bi3 "mind's eye," to quotee the words of another Shakespeream hero. He sees the dagger ; to others it is invisible. It is a "coin age'of his brain "' to put the matter poetically it is a subjeetive sensation, to put it scientifi rally; it is the "ghost" of a dagger, to put it practically. If we analyse out Mlaclcth's case, we should simply say, the tension of an over wrought brain has produced in those parts of the brain devoted to sigbt:-regulation, a powerful form of irritation. This irritability, taking the focm of an allusion to the murder otis intent regarding Duncan, hs sprojected from MIacbeth's brain along his nerve of sight.to the retina (cr nervous network of his eye) the image of a dagger. Once receivedl by the eye, the sencation raises the "ghost" of ,a dagger, and the whole process we see begins and ends with the erratic working of the brain.' One need not fly, however, to dramatie stories' for examples of ghost- seeing of the most realistic kind.: One; Nicolai of Berlin,' a well-known bakseller, related to the Royal Society of that city,: at the end of lest century, a full and circumstantial account of the crowds .of.ghosts which appeared to him, and whieb, moreover, conversed with him. He. had .been trdubled oand iiorrie± over domestic' matters;. and liad fallen into a low state of health. This, by tihe way, is the usu'l beginning of ghost-seeing. Weakness of body, in, other words, induces erratirnaction of brain. Nicolai saw spectres in his hbedroom by the dozen 'they seated theniselres in his chairas anld accompanied him in' his -walks. - He describedtheiir dress and appearance to his friends; but knew, lilke a sensible mian, that they were only the eCDinages of his disordered brain. Then the gliosts began to tilkl,.someticues to each other and sometimes to him.n An illusion ofhearingthus followed an illusion of sight. Sensations of sounds were reversed in the brain and sent to tIn : ear, just as the sensations of sight had beEn prreviously rese?ed. Then Iieolai had himself bled, vs as the fashion in those days. "Dring the operation,' he tells is, the crowd of ghosts g eo hlurred and indistinct. The voics no longeir Enunded is his dar; alt finally- th Fpcetres faded away inta nothingneo.., and lie was not oagain visited by them. 'The bleeding' hads evi dently retoredi thile .balance of his nervous system, nd had exorcised the ghosts, simply by preventing the brain's projection fowaords of the imagnes of things seen and.heard or even imaginted., "Ncolai's en is far frombeinbeithersingnlar or.solitary. The" are many.cases of ghost seeicg on record, &lpartakinag;, however, o.tLe cluhancter of Nicolai's experience. [There is a history of.ill-health, then an aendnt'of glirbsts being seen,? rad finally, a disappewrance of the spcctres when health is restored. The subjects of these- illusions nto which I refer were, hloce e?er, senoible persons. They recognized that Sthe ghosts had no existence outside themselves. They brougho the common sense and evidence of other people to bear on the fact thatthe spectres were simply the creations of an ailing brdin. Blit let us suppose the case of a superstitious or igoroant plerson. Here the ghost would he creeitcd with a veritable existence. Its appear ante would be chronicled, and if nwe further imagine that, through mere coincidence, "some thing happened" to the ghost-ser orhis family, we find all the elecments of a supernatural visita tion in what is only a mere freak of the brain. Onemay reduce "ghotso" to a very common place level indeed Icy referring to one of the most fam;liar of events. A Ilow on tlhe eye eaunes us to "see stars; " atnd some irritation of brain, or even of the car itself, causes es to hear sounds of hells. Now the llashes of light and the ringing in the teats, we know have no exristence outside our own pers-mality. They are the "gllosts " of sichts and Eocnlds, to linut the matter plaicly. Tihey represent thl e "?sub jective sensa:'i'as " of the clna of seicaee; just as after a !ow on thie lcea.l, a patient is some times troubled by c: bad clour or a disgegreeable taste, neither of whichl sensations arise from rose or montth, but come entirely from thle re vcrsel mesc:ae- of the 1rain. It is on uche grounds that science lays thle " ghosils" of the past; s i it .-.il~iars in an epcally focel lle fashion, thle ,otlcntl, cillen, anl other super 'titions of tice day, ncd thie sad dreams as.l untolward vi'iot's of thIe ighft. A "?TrJ-..Xy Fost.licahwoman has came to the conc:idion th. the n::ors!: of I'yroo, Shelley and lfeaa arec not o? iciently studied iy liher own sax, and she has setapart a considerable sum of money, which, wRhen judicionusly in vested, will produce a substantial icome that is to be desonedto prizes for essays on the wonrs of thoce poet_. Trustees have been p pointe?d to admiuinter this fund. 