Roligionand Philanthropy. UKnnr-i '■ 'OKI ad toil :8tephen> Uartyrdom. 'sifjnoio n'A Bt B*v. 0. H. SrtraoiON. to '.'.And they stoned Stephen, calling upon God, and saying Lord Jesus, receive my spirit."—Acts 7M9- .T ■ _ jisqcflO li.JfT.Tls;of the eras test service to ug 'ali'tobe iKrrl'l^remlnded -that our life is' but a'vapour, rr"li'i:cr tnm: « i;t>lo . ...x n : ..(Twhioh'wppeareth' for. a little while and then < 'rvsaisheth away. - Through forgetfulneisg of this worldlmgs live' at ease, and Christians .. -. walk carelessly. Unless we watch for the 'irad's coming, worldliness soon' eats into cur :' JI§^t'"as" doth a canker. If thou hast this < 'world's riches, believer, remember that this is ■ ,'fnqtjthy rest,, and set not too great a store by its oomforts. If, on the other hand, thou are burdened with poverty, he not . too much ::i.'depressed thereby,'for these light affliotions are i > bntfora moment, and are not worthy to be •" ootnpared with the glory which shall 'be \- - revealed in us. Look upon the things that are <-±as'though they weie not "Remember you are a part of a great procession, which is .always moving by; others come and go 'VJ't^fore your own eyes, you see them, and they ?° disappear, and you yourself are mbvingonward anothihr and' more real world. Our duty is ;,to trim 'our. lamps against the time when the '' ' Bridegroom comes: wo are called upon to stand always ready, waiting for the appearing of onr I, [Lord and Savio'nr Jesus Christ, or else for the . . mmmons which shall tell us that the pitcher is w; broken at the fountain, and the wheel broken v/at (he oistern, that tho body must return to the | . earth as it was, and the spirit unto God who \l gave it ■ ■ This death scene of Stephen's may aid onr. . meditations, while, by the help of the Holy "- Spirit, we cast our minds forward to the time "' when we also may fall asleep. This is the only martyrdom, which is recorded in tho New ' Testament in detail, the Holy Ghost foreseeing. !" that there' would be martyrdoms enough before the Churoh's history would end, and . that we, should never lack memorials suoh as' ' "those With which Foxe's Martyrology and works ' "irf the'like order supply us This, too, is the only 'death' scene in the New Testament whioh '' has bean desoribed at length, with th'e excep tion of our. Jjord's. Of conrae we are told of the deaths of other saints, add facts relating thereto are mentioned,- bnt what they said when -.ithey died, and how they felt in passing out of y, the world, are left unrecorded, probably be .j.oanse the Holy SpiritVknew that we should .,'ipever lsok fromholy deathbeds and triumphant . departures. Three Ho well knew would be ..evqrydaj facta tpthe people of God. ::i ilLet ualPok at Stephen's death, and nojioe it • general oharaoter. - It strikes na at onoe that : it hippened in the very midst pf his service. He haa been appointed an officer of the ohnrch at Jerusalem, to see that the alms were dis "' tributel properly amongst the poor, 'especially : amongst the Grecian widows. He discharged I;ihis duty to.tho satisfaction of the whole ohnrch, 'and thereby! he'did-most useful Service, for it' gave the apostles opportunity to give themselves' . to their true work, namely, that of hgand piayer. The care which Stephen I .over the poor tended also to prevent , : hesrthurmhg ahd division, and this was a result ' - of no mean order Bat, not contenjt with being a deaoon, Stephen began to minister in holy , tilings as a speaker of the Word, and that with , £ great ppver, for he was full of faith and of the .,Hpjy Ghost. ;Ho;at&ad;* forth on the page, of . thechnroh'e .history, for the time being, as ,.aquite a leading spirit; much so, indeed, that ,. i the enemies of the - Gospel recognised his pro i-missat usefulness, and made him the objeot of , [ their fieroett opposition, for they generally rage . Lmo«tagainst those who are doing most good. ; Stsphsu stood in the front rank of the Lord's boat, and yet he was token away !__"A mystery^'' I t • say some.; " A great privilege," say I. My . brethren, who desires to be removed at any other time? Is it.not well to die.in harness , while yet you are useful? Who wants to ' lingertill he beoomPs a harden rather than a : 'help? If,we are called to depart in the middle 'Of'Serrios for Christ we must submit to it ■'■ thankfully, and may even wish to have it said of as, he did ,, He was removed in the very primo of his t usefulness, just when many were being oon ,. vested by his ministry,' when through his faith miracles were being wronght on all Bides, when , [he itemed, indeed, to be necessary to. tho , nhnrch. And is not this well? Well, first, .. that Qod should teach His people how much . He can do by a man whom He chooses; well, .' next, that He ahoold show them that He is not ^ dependent upon any man, but can do His work . even without tho choicest labourer in His vineyard. If our life can teach one lesson, and when that is taught, if . pur death can toach another, it is well ;,h> live and 'well to die, and far more .desirable than to tarry long and tako one's . .J'jftt in the dreary winter of declining in '.nnence. Let me be reaped, if I may venture ' 00 a choioe, when my ministry shall be like the '""•heat in Pharaoh's dream, with seven oars wok and good; and not in a time when the east . wind bas shrivelled me into barrenness. If God , glorified* by onr removal, is it not well? »»y He not bo more than ordinarily glarified wbeti He lays ub aside in order to showHis Church that Ho can do without His 1?™^* or 0411 r&iae; up others in their stead ? . HWyiathat messenger whoso absence as well at his presence fulfils nis Master** will. But Stephen's death was painful, and at tended with much that flesh and blood would droad. Ho died not surrounded by weepinif friends, bat by enemies who pnuhh^d their v i 110 hynm made glad his doath i.; r> shouts aud outcries of a "Jnaadoued-throng--ran^ in his oars. For liiia no duwuy pillow, but tbo hard and cruel rooks ; wttertd ud braved by a whirlwind of n(onos down to "sleep,: and ;woke a\Fi i - bosomof hU Lord." Now, brethren, *tii» ' *H' the more" for our comfort, be ?aUSe i *J*e ^ Per^ecfc peace, nay, in joy ana triumph, how mush more may we hope ito depart; in peace! :Since we shall not have .these grim attendants Upon our departing hourf, may. we not hope that we shall be sua* " and buoyed up by the presence of our . X*>rd and Master even as he was, and' grace will he. made perfeot in our weakness ? Every, cir oumstauce .tells on our side by way of comfort. If he slept amidst a storm of stones, how may we hope to fall asleep right peacefully in the earoe faith in Jesus when the saints arc gathered around our bed to hid us farewell! More particularly, however, I want to call your attention to the fact that Stephen's de parting^ moments were calm, peaceful, con* fidcnt,joyous. He never flinched while he-was addressing that infuriated audience. Ho told them the plain truth with as much quiet do liberation as il he had been gratifying them with a pleasing disconrso. When they grew angry he was not afraid; his lip did not quiver; ho did( hot retraot or soften down a single expression, but cut them to the heart with even more fidelity. With the courage of aman of God his face was set as a flint 'Knowing thathe was now preaching his last sermon, he used the sharp two-edged sword of the Word, piercing into their very souls Little cared he how they frowned; was he abashed when they gnashed their teeth ? He was as calm as heaven above him, and continued so though they hurried him out of the city. . When they had dragged him outside the gate, and stripped off tleir. clothes to carry ontbis execution, he did not let fall a single timorous word or trembling cry; he Btood up and com mitted his soul to God with calmness, and when the first murderous stones felled him to the earth, ho rose to hia knees, still not to ask for pity, nor to utter a craven cry, hut to plead with ! his Lord for mercy upon his assailants; then, closing his eyes like a child- tired out with the sport of a long summer's day and droos asleep upon its mother's lap, "he fell asleep." Believe, then, oh, Christian, that if you abide in Christ, the like will bo the case with you. You shall be undisturbed at the premonitions of decay; when the physician shakes his head your heart shall not fail; when friends look sad you will'not share their sorrow. We wept when we wero horn though all around ns smiled; so shall we smile when we die while all around us weep: The dying Christian, is often the only calm and composed person in all the group which fills the chamber from which he ascends to .heaven. Talking of what be enjoys and anticipates he glides gently , into glory. Why should we expect it to be other wise? Stephen's God is our,God; Stephen's faith we already possess in its germ, and we may have it in the Bame degree; the Holy Spirit dwells in ns even as He did in Stephen, and if He puts not forth the same energy, what doth hinder Him hut our unbelief? Getting more faith we shall enjoy the same tranquil repose of spirit when our appointed hour shall come. 7. Stephen's mind was in a very elevated con dition. Bemark, first, his intense sympathy with God. All through that long speech of his you see that his soul is taken up with his God, and .the treatment whioh He had received from Israel- He'does notepeak against hiscountry men from anyili-wtiU hut be seems to take them very little into consideration; his God absorbs all his thoughts; and he tells how his God had sent Joseph, but his brethren per secuted him ; his God had sent Moses, but they rebelled against him; hia God had now sent Jesus, and they had been His betrayers and murderers. . Notice, too, how Stephen's mmd clung only to that which is purely spiritual. I dare say at one time Stephen felt a great reverence for the temple; the firet Jewish Christians still con tinued to feel a measure of that awe of the temple which, as Jews, they had formerly in dulged; but Stephen says. "Howbeit the Most High dwelloth Dot in temples made Tnth hands; as saith the prophet, heaven is My thone and earth is My footstool: What house will ye buiia met esith the Lord, or what is the place of My rest?" It is noteworthy how the saints, when they are near to die, and m sight of heaven,, make very tittle of what others make a great deal of. Brethren, it is a grand thing to grow m spiritual religion till you break the. eggshell of form, and ebakeit off; for the outward fashion of ceremonies and oven of simplicities is too often to men what the eggshell is to the living bird; and when the bouI awakens into the highest forms of lifo we chip and break that shell, and leave our former bondage. Stephen came right away from those superstitious reverences whioh still cast ™ many Christians, and worsh'pped God, who is a Spirit, in spirit and in troth. pit is most clear that Stephen rose beyond all {ear of men. They grin at him, they howl at him. bnt what matters that to him. He will be put to a blasphemer's death outside the city by the hands of cruel men; but that daunts him not. His face glows with jov unspeakable, he looks tot tike a being harried to his °recu ttoh, but as one on the way to a wedding^ He l£ks tike an immMtal angd rather than a man condemned to die. Ah. brethren, and so will it bo with ati the /•uhftti To.dav wo fear man, who is w 1 worm : Jday wo aro so weak as to bo swayed by the estimation of our fellows, and wo listen to kindly yoices, which counsel us to speak with bated breath i ,,S!1ZSS5».»<t *" ;.. what ; tho widows fare, wno what will | orphans 1" Helo^efuko thu npostlos do now '1 ^lers t'.'l Not u little of the church' below, love it though the does with all his'heart. He trusts the church. militant with her captain; he is called to the dhurch. triumphant. He hears the trumpet Bound, "Up and away," and lo, he answers I to the summons.' Happy men whd can thus cast off their cares, and enter into rest. Why should it not he thus with us? Why, like Martha, do we allow our much serving to cumber us? Our Lord managed His church -well enough before we .were born; He will not be at 'a loss becaaee He has called ub home, and therefore we need not trouble ourselves for a moment as though we were all* important, and the church would pine for lack of us. At the same time, Stephen had no resent ments That was a sweet prayer of his, "Lay not this sin to their charge." Just as Daniel before Belshazzar saw the scale, and saw Bel shazzar weighed in it and found wanting, so Stephen saw the balances of Divine justice, and this murderof bis like agrcat weight about to be placed in the scale against the raging Jews, and he cried, "Lord, cast not this sin ■ into the balance." He could not say, as the Saviour did, "They know not what they do," f.r they did know it, and had been troubled by ! his speech, so that they stopped their ears to hoar no more; but he pleads for them as far as truth would permit him, while breathing out his souL Every child of God ought to lay aside all resentments at once, or'■ rather he should never have any. We are to carry in our hearts no remembrance of ills, but to live every day freely forgiving, as wo are every day freely forgiven ; but as we get nearer to heaven thsie must be growing love to those wbo hate us, for so shall we prove that we are ready for the skies. To close, 8tephen died like a conqueror. His name was Stephanos, or crown, and truly that day ho not only received a crown, butho became the crown "of tbo church as her first martyr. He was the conqueror, not his enemies. They atoned his body, but bis soul had vanquished them. It was not in their power to move him. His quiet look defied their fury. He went home to his God to bear it said, " Servant of God, well done," and in nothing had his foes despoiled him on the way thither. Ho was more than a conqueror through Him that lovtd him. These are some of the 'characteristics of Stephen's departure, and I trust that in our measure they may be ours. God grant them to j us, and we will give Him all the glory. I 