ICE BOUND. B'f W. CLABK RUSSELL. CHAPTER XVIT. When Ws pipe was out lie rose nnd made several strides about t bo cook room, then t ook the lantern, and, entering tbo cabin, stood awhile surveying tbo place. 'So this would liavc boon my coffin but for you, Mr. Rodney!' said lie. 'I was in good company, though,' i»inting over liis shoulder nc tue crucins witn uis thumb. 'Lord, how tbo rogues prayed mid cursed la this samo cabin I In lino weather and when all was well^tlio sharks iu our wako had more religion than tboy; but tho instant they were in danger, down tbey tumblod upon their quivering knees; and if heaven was twice as big as it is, it could uol have hold saints enough for thoso vaiicU to jreti 'You were nearly nil Spaniards?' 'Ay— the M orel rlaFs of men a Fbip could enter these stas with. But for our calling tiicy are the fittest of nil the nations in tho world; hotter even than tbe Portuguese, and with truer trade instincts than the trained mulatto — nimbler artists in l-oguory thnn ever n one of them. I despise U»«.*ir supersti timi,b:tf they are tho better pirates for it. They carry it nsr. man might n featherbed; Bit enables them to fall soft, 'JVyn Kike ine?' Jle gavn one or his short, loud laughs, nnd ' said. 'I ho]K' this slope won't increase. Tho ^ axle's stiff euctigb as it is. 'Twin bo like I living on the roof of a house. 1 have n mind f to ?ec how she lies. Wlml dye nay, Mr. Kodney? Klip.11 1 venture into the oiwn''' ?'Why not r'' said J. 'You move ln'islc ly. \ ou h:ivc as much life oe over vou hu'L' 'LcL's go, 1 hen !' he exclaimed, and climb ing the ladder he pushed open the comi»nio# door nnd step^d on fo the deck. I followed with but Utile solicitude, an you may sup pose, ns to wh:»t illicit nttend bis exposure. The blast of the gulp, though it wns broken into downward, eddying dartings hy tho rocks, made him bawl out with tho fit in' of it, nnd for soi r.o moment* ho could think of nothing but the cold, stamping tho deefc in his hoots nnd beating his hands. '11a cried he, grinning to tho smart of life cliceks, 'l ?iif is rmt the cook room etif Givat thiiiiil.T! you will not havo it that this ice has boju drifting north; Why, nmu, 'tis icier by UO dega. than whon we wore first locked up.' 'I hnjie not,*' said I, 'and I think not. Your blood doesn't course strong vet. and you are fresh from the furnace. Besides ft is blowing a bitter cold gnlo. Look at that Bin*, i aid listen to the thunder of tho soap Tlie commotion was indeed terribly up roarious. The rending noises of tho ice in fill dircclious were distinct and fearful. Tho Frenchman looked about him with conster nation, and to my surprise crossed himself. 'Slav the blessed Virgin preserve us!' bo said. 'Do you say we bavu drifted north? ? ( If this is not tbo very heart of tho South Polo, you shall persuade mo we aro on the equator.' 'It cannot storm too terribly for us, as you juatnow said,' 1 replied. 'I want this island to go to pieces.' As I said this a solid pillar of ice just be yond tho brow of tbo hill on tbo starboard Bide was dislodged or blown down; it fell willi a mighty crush, aud filled tlie air with crystal splinters. Tnssard started back with a faint cry of 'Hon Dieu !' 'Judgo for yourself how. tbo shin lies,' said I; 'this ia freezing work.' Ho went aft nnd looked over tho stern, then walked to tho larboard rail and peered over the side. 'Is there ico beyond that opening?'' bo asked, pointing over thctaffrnil. 'Ko,'l answered; 'that goes to tbo sea. There is a low cliff beyond. Mark that cloud of white; it is the spray burled athwart tbo mouthi of this hollow.' 'Good,' lie mumbled, with bis toetli chat tering, 'Tho change is mnrvelous. Thero was ire for a quarter nf a milo where that 6lopc ends. 'Tis too cold to converse here.' 'Thero are your companions,' said I, i pointing to tho two bodies lying a little djs j) tance before tho mainmast, ' He marched up to them and exclaimed, 'Yes, this is Trentanovo and that is Garros. Both were blind, but they are blinder now. Would they thank you to arouse them out of their comfortable sloop, and force them to feel ns I do — this cold, to which they are now as insensible as I was? By heaven, for my part I can stand it no longer]' and with that ho nui briskly to tho hatch. I followed him to tho cook room, ond be crept so close to ihttfurnaco that I thought ho bad a mind to roast himself. Tbe heat comforted him presently, and bo put a lump of wine into the oven to melt, and this comforted bini also. 'I can converse now,' said be. 'Perhaps after all tbe danger lies more in the imagina tion than in tho fact. But it is a hideous naked scene, ar*J needs no such coloring as tbe roaring of wind, tbo rushing of seas, and the crashing folia of masses of ico to render it frightful.' 'You tell me,' said I, 'that when you fell asleep'— 1 would sometimes express his frozen state thus— 'there was a quarter of a milo of ice beyond tlie schooner's stern.' 'Atlcasta quarter of a-milo,' ho answered. 'Day after day it would be built un till it came to a faeo of that extent.' 1 thought to myself if it bad taken forty eight years of tho wear and tear of storm and surgo to extinguish a quarter ot a mile, bow long a time must elapso beforo this island splits upf But then I reflected that, during the greater part of these years, this seat of ieo had been stuck very low south, whoro the cold was so ortremo as to make it defj dissolution; that since then it was come away from the main and stealing north, so tbat what might have taken thirty years to ac complish in 70 dogs. of south latitude might bo performed in a day on tho porallel of 00 degs. in tho Bummer season in these seas, Tossard continued speaking with tbo pan nikin in his baud, and his eyes shut as if to get tho picture of the scboouor's position fair before his mind's vision: 'There wos a quarter of a milo of ico beyond tbe 6hip, I bave it very plain in my sight; it was a great muddlo of hillocks, for tbo ieo pressed thick aud bard, ond raised us, and vomitod up l«aks and rocks to tho squeeze. Suppose I have boon asJeep a week?' Here bo opened bis eyes and gaaid at me. 'Wellfsaid L ' m Bay'' he continued, in tho tone o£ ono ooJjlly excited into passion, 'a week. It will not have been more. It is impossiblo. Rover mind about your 1601,' showing his fangs in a sarcastic grin; 'a week is lone enough, friend. Then this is what I mean to wys that tho breaking away of a quarter ot a milo of ieo in a week is 'fine work, full of grand promise; tho next wrench— which ?nght couio now as I speak, or to-morrow, or iu a week— tho nest wrench may bring away the rock on wlueh wo aro lodged, and I tho rest ib a matter of patience— which wo can afford, bey} for wo aro but two— there is plenty of moat aud liquor, and tho reward aftfirwTird is a princely independence, Mr. Paul Rodney.' I was struck with tbo notion of the bed of toe i on which the schooner lay going afloat, think yon I If tho blook on whtfh wo lie could bo detached it might luat a bit against its parent stock, but would not unite ognln. Tho schooner's canvas might be made to belp it along — though pupjrasc it capsized 'Wo must consider,' wiid be; 'th«ro is no need to hurry. 'When thu wind falls wo will survey tbo ice.' Ho wanned himsplf nfrftsh, and nftor re maining silent with tbo air of one turning many thoughts over in his mind, be suddenly cried, 'D ye know I bare a mind to view tho plate and money below? What soy your His littlo eyes seemed to sparkle with sus picion as bo directed them at in--. I was con fident he suspectod I bad lied in saying I know nothing of this treasure, and that he wanted to see if 1 had med-lled with those chests. Ono of tbo iwnnltir* nltnrhrxl to n mrm lmmo forced to keep tlie coinimiy of liars is, ho himself is never ln;lievi-d by them. I nn swercd, instantly, 'Certainly; I should like to fco this wonderful bootj*. It is right that wo should find out an onco if it is there; for, 6uppcKin;p it vanished, wo should bo no better than nindmon to sit talking hero of the lino lives wo p hall live if owr wo get homo.' Ho picked up the lantern, nod said, 'I must go to your cabin; it was tho captain's. The keys of tho chests should be in one of his llo inarched off, and was so long cone that I wns almost of belief he had tumbled down in a lit. However, 1 bad mado tip my mind to act avi-i-ywnry jmrt; nnd i*Lrticulnrly never to lot. him think 1 distrusted him, nnd so I would not go to sw what bo was about. But whnt I did wns UiiK: tbo anus room w-os uext door; 1 lighted a cundlo, entered it, and swiftly anneil myself wilb a sort of dagger, a kind of boarding knife— a very murderous little two-edged sword, the blado about seven inches long, and tbe haft of brass. There were some llffcy of these weai-on.s, nnd I took the first that came to my band, and dropi-ed it into tbe deep side pocket of my mat-, ami returned to tbe cook room. It was not that I wns afraid of going unarmed with this uum into tbo bold; thero was no more danger to me tb'rc thnn here; should ho ever design to dispatch me one plncn was thu tsaine as an other, for the dead uIhjvo could not testify — there were no wicucssos in this while and desolate kingdom. V.liat resolved mo to go nrmed was tin? fear 1 lint-, should the tivanui-e be niis.--ing~and who wns to swoar that, the schooner hud never been visited once iu oik'ht and forty yeai^f — tbo rroin'lnnan, who was jwrstiailcd liis stiiiwjr had not laslnl nl-ove a wivk, nud who was doubtless satisfied the chests woi-o in tho bolil down t/j the ivcriod wiieu he lost recollection, would sn-iiect me of foul play, nnd in the barbarous rage of a pirate fall ujkjii und endeavor to kill inc. It might be that bo was long l-eeuuso of having to w-ck for the keys; but my own conviction was that bo foiuid the keys easily and stayed to mmutage the boxes for Mich jewels and nrt icles of valuo ns be might there find. I think he wns gone near half un hour; lie then returned to tho cook bouse, saying briefly, 'I havo the keys,' nod jin gling them, and after warming himself said, 'Let us go.' I was moving toward tho forecastle. 'Not that way for the run.' cried he. 'I.! t bt'i'L' a batch aft 1 nsked. 'C'crtabdr — in iho inznix-ttv.'' 'I wish J bad known flint,' said I; 'I should liave boon spared a btitling siTamhlo over 1 he oaslis aud rallle forward.' lb; led the way, and coming to tho trap hatch tbnt cnnducU-d to tlie luziirettc ho l-::iled it «\\[)n:i aud w d'-semdod. Ho held the l:u:l'ni «!id tlirev.- tli1-' liglit niuund liini, and s;id, 'Ay, thi-re arc plenty of stores hTi-e. 'Wo lvck'nicd upon ])rovisions for twelve inuntby, and we wei-o suventy of a Asli-aiijo fignr? ho looked, just touchod by tin: y rllow -*:iudle light , and htandiijg ^ft upon: lit; bluckiiesA like vision of adis louiiM.-n'd fancy, i:i his lmir cap ami flnjts, uml willi his Inns nnd beard and littlo eyes shi:iin~ li-- mllnl them hero nnd there. W' innde our wjiy ovir tin- eagles, hides nnd tho like till v. j wen* right afl. and hero there w;i:; a snnill clear s]»uee of deck in which lay (i ?i,tifh. TJiis be JiftiH? hy its ring, and down tlu'uilgb tlie aja'rtuvo 'lid be droj), I follow ing. Tbe lurarcKc deck -^mie no low- that wo had to Kqiiat when still or move upon our knee-1. At the foremost end of this division of the ship, so far as it was possible for niv cyi«K to j.'iereo the darkness — for it wvms that this run went clear to tbo forohuld bulkhead, that is to say, under tin? powder room, to where tbe fore hold Itegan— were slowed the frp.-ire wifj.i, rojw.s for gear, and n great vnjj ely of furniture for the equipment of a ship's yards nnd masts. But immediately under tbe hatch stood sevend Mimll chests aud (JOfVS. painted blnek, flowed tido by bido ho tbnt thoy could not shift. Toi'sanl n:!i his eye over them, counting. 'night:'1 cried ho; 'hold the lantern, Mr. llndncy.' I took tho light from him, nnd, pulling the keys fjvm his jiorko!., he fell to trying them ut tho lock of the -lr«t ehest. Ono fitted; tho bolt shot with a hard click, like aJcking a trigger, nml be raised tlie lid. The chest was full of silvi-r mn:iey. I picked uj) a couple of ibo coins, :uid bringing thcui to thr» candlo jjrrccivod them to be Kjinuish pieces of ITo'.l. Tlio mouey was tai-nihliwl, yet. it reflected a sort of dull, metallic light. Tho Frencbinau g7-es)Htl a handful nud dropjKHl them, as thougli, liko a child, Jjo loved to hear tbo chink tbo pieccs made us tbey fell. Be loved to hear Vie chink. Tbo next chest bo o [toned was filled with jewelry of various kinds — tho fruits, I dare say, of a dozen pillages; for not only had this pirato robbed houost traders, but a pica roon as well, that bod also plundered in her turn another of her own kidney; 60 that, ob 1 say, this cbcut of jowclry might represent tho property of the paRsengers of as many as a dozen vessels. It wad as if the contents of tho shop of a jeweler, who was at once a gold smith and a silwrsmilh, bad lteen emptied into this chest. You could scarce name an ornament that wns not bore — watches, snuff boxes, buckles, bracelets, i (ounce jioses, vinai grettes, ear ruigs, ciuci fixes, stars for tho hair, necklaces— but tho list grows tiresome; in silver and gold, but diietly in gold— all shot together and lying scromblo fashion, as if they bad been potatoes. I was thunderstruck, as you will sup|-oso, by tho sight of all tills treasure, and looked and stared like a fool— as if I wos in a dream. I I bad never seen so many uno things before, I and indulged in tbe most extravagant fancies I of tbeir worth. Hero and there in the glit | tering huddle my C3-0 lighted on an objcct | that was 100, jwrbapa 200, yean old— a cup very choicely wrought, thattmi? bm-n been I ia ft family for fiev«ral gens -ntiun: ; .1 watch ot a curious figure, tuil the like. Thero might have lx-on tin* p'ctfng.- of tho cabins, I trunks, mid portmanteau* or opulent I men and women in tlr.s chc. : ; r.ud, far ns i 1 could judge from wh.-.t hiy n|i-p, the peoplo ! plundeicd rcpi-csi-nted s-^vera) nationalities, j But thero w ere other chists and casi-s to explore— ten in nil; two of thc«. wre filled with silver money, a third with plate, a fourth with Knglish, Preuch, Spanish and Portuguese coins iu gold; but the one over which Tossard btuig longest in a transport tbat held him dumb was flic smnllr.-.L of all, nnd this was packed with gold in 1..:^. The stuff had thu ap]x-aranco of moldy yellow soap, und having no sparkle nor variety did not affect mo us tho jewelry had, though in value this chest came near being worth ns much ns nil tho others put together. The fixed, transported posture of tbo pirnte— lus little shin ing eyes intent upon the bars, his form in 1 he candle light looking like a sketch of a strange, wildly apiwreled man done in phosphorus, coupled with the loom of tho bb-k chots, the sense of our desolation, the follvof our enjoyment of tho sight of the treasure in the fnee of our pitiable nnd dismal plight, the melancholy storming of tho wind, manning like tho rumble of thunder henrd in a vault, nnd above nil the feeling of unreality inspired by tbe thought of niv companion hnvjng lain forcight-und-forty yeaj-s as good as dead combined to render 1I10 scene so startingly irnpn-ssivo that it remains at this hour painted as vividly upon tliecjo of memory ns if I had come from it five minutes ago. 'So,'' cried the Frenchman, suddraly, shimming the Jid of the chest, ''tis nil here! Now, then, to tho business of cwisidei ing how to come off with it.' He thrust the keys J11 his pocket, and WO returned to tho cook room. j CHAPTER XVIII. Tbat night, asuftorward, Tassard occupied tbe berth that be was used to sleep hi before he was frozen. Although I bad not thru the least fear tbut be woftid fcttompL any malig nant tricks with me whhn ivv renmined in this |»sturc, tbo feeling that he lav in the berth but one next mine mnda me uneasy in spite of my reasoning; nnd 1 wns so nervous as to silently shoot a great iron bolt, so that it would bave been jmjKKsiblc to enter with out boatiug the door in. In sober truth, tlie sight of tho treasure had put a sort of fever into my imagination, of tho boat and effects of which I wns not com pletely sensible until I was alone in my enhiu nnd swingingin the darkness. That tbo value of what I bad seen came to ninety or n hun dred thousand pounds of our inoncv, I could not doubt; and I will not deny that 'my faucv wus greatly excited by thinking of it. But. there was something else. Suppose we should havo tho happiness to escaj-ewith this treas ure, then I was jwrfcctly certain tbo French man would come between me nnd my share of it. This apprehension threading mv heated thoughts of the gold and silver kept mo restless during the greater ivirt of tb-j night, and I also held niv brains on the stretch with devices for saving ourselves nud the treasure; yet I could not satisfy my mind that anythiug was to bo done unless nature herself assisted us iu freeing tbe schooner. However, as it happened, tbo gnln ronrod for a whole week, and tbe cold was so fright ful and tbe air so charged with spray und hail tbat we were forced to ljo close below* with tho batcbias on for our lives, CHAPTKIl XIX. For seven daj-s the gale raged with uncom mon violcuco; it then broke, and this brought us into tbe first week in August. The wind fell in tho night, and I was nwakened by the silence, which you will not think strange if you consider bow used were inv ears to tho fierce seetlihig and strong l-ellowiug of tbe blast. 1 lay listening, behoving tbnt it had only veered, and tbnt it would enine on again iu gusts and guns; but the stillness con tinued, and there wero uo sounds whatever bo vo the noises of the ice, which broke upon the car like slow answers from batteries near and distant, half whoso cannou have been 6ilcneed. I slept again, ond when I awoke it was 7:30 o'clock in tho morning. Tho French man wns snoring lustily. I went on deck before entering tho cook house, aud had like to havo been blinded by tho astonishing brilliance of the sunshino upon the ice and snow. All tho wind wos gone. The air was exquisitely frosty mid sharp. But there was a heavy sound coming from tbo sea which gave me to expect the sight of a strong swell. The sky was a clear bluo, and there was no cloud oo as much of its faco as showed l-c- twixt the brows of the slopes. My attention was quickly attracted by tho appearance of the starboard cliff over against our quarter. The whole shoulder of it hud broken away, and I could just catch a view of tho horizon of tbo sea from tho deck by stretching my figure, Tho sight of the ocean showed mo that tho breakage had been pro digious, for to have como at that prospect before I should have had to climb to tho height of the main lower masthead. No other marked or noteworthy change did 1 de tect from tbo dock; but on stepping to tho larboard side to peer over I 6picd a 6plit in tho ico that reached from the very margin of the ravine — I mean to that end of it w-hero it terminated in a cliff— to and past the bows of tbo schooner by at least four times her own longth. I returned to tbo cook room and went about tho old business of lighting tbo firo and pre paring tbe breakfast — this job, by an under standing between tbo Frenchman and me, falling to him who was first out of bed— and la about twenty minutes Tassard arrived. 4,The wind is gone,' said he. 'Yes,' I replied; 'it is a bright, Gtfli morn ing. I havo been on deck. Thero has been a groat fall of ico dose to,n 'Does it block us?' 'No; on tho contrary, it dcare tho woy lo tboBea; tho ocean is now visiblo from tho deck. Not that it mends our case,' I added. 'But there is a great rent in tho ico tbat puts a fancy into my head; Til speak of it later, after a closer look.' The breakfast was ready, and wo fell to in a hurry, tho Frenchman gobbling liko a hog in his eagerness to mnko an end. When wo were finished ho wrapjtod himself up in three or four coats and cloaks, warming tho under ones before folding them about him, and completing his preparations for tbo excur sion by swallowing half a pint of raw brandy. I bade him arm himself with a short headed spear to save bis nock, and thus equipped wo went 011 deck. He stood 6tock still with his eyes 6hut on emerging through tho hatch, crying out with a number of French oaths that ho had been struck blind. This I did not believe, though I readily supposed that tlie glare mado his eyeballs smart so as to cause him a good deal of agony. Indeed, all aloug I had lieen sur prised that he should havo found his sight so easily after having sat in blindness for forty eight years, and it was uot woudcrful tliat the amazing brillanco on dock, smiting his sight on a 6udden, should havo causod him to cry out as if he had lost the use of his eyes forever. I waited patiently, and in about ten min utes ho was able to look about him, and then It was not long before ho could see without 'Tuln. Ho stood a minuto gazing at the glo ries upon tbe riggiug, and in that piercing ' light I noticed tho unwholOBomo color of bis , face. His cap hid the scar, and nothing of | his countenance was to bo seen but the ! cheeks, eyes and nose. He was much more wrinkled than I bad supposed, and ine- ; thought tho spirit of cruelty lay visiblo in every lino. I bcul never seen eyes b» full of 1 cunning and treachery — bo expressive, I ? should say, of these qualities; yot they were ! no bigger than mere punctures. I was sen- ! sible or a momentary fear of tho man— not, I let me say, an emotion of cowardice, but a J sort of mixture of al/irm and nw-c, such bs a ' ghost might inspire. This I put down to tho searching light in which I watched him for a momeut or two— an irradiation subtle enough to give the sbar]-ost form to expres sion, to exquisitely dethio every moaning that wan distinguishable in his graveyard physiognomy. I left him to stare nnd judge for himself of tbo ]K«turo in which the long, hard gnle had put the schooner, ond stopped over to tho two bodies. They were Bhrouded in ice from bead to foot, as though they had each man been picked in a glass case cun ningly wrought to their shai«s. Their facos Wero hid by tho crystal masks. Tossard joined me. 'Small chancc for your friends now,' paifl I, 'even if you were agrevable to my pro posal to attempt to revive them.' 'So!' cried he, touching tho body of tha mate with his foot; 'ond this is tho end of the irrusistihlo Trcntauovol for what con quests has Death robed him so bravely! See, tho colors shine 111 bim liko fifty differ ent kinds of ribbons. Poor fellow! ho could not curl his mustaches now, though the loveliest eyes in Kurope were fixed in pas sionate admiration on him. He'll never slit another throat, nor hiccough Petrarch over a gobletful, nor remonstrate with mo for my humanity. Shall wo toss tho bodies over the fiidcf' 'Tliey are your friends,' said I; 'do as you please.' 'But wo must empty their pockets first Business bofon- sentiment, Mr. Itoduey.' He stirred the figure again with his foot. 'Well, presently,' said lie, 'this armor will want) the batebct. Now, my friend, to view the work of tbo gale.' Thu increased heol of the ship brought tbe larboard foro channel low, and wo stepped without difficulty from it ou to tho ice. Tbo rent or fissure that J havo before spoken of weut very deep— it was noarly two feet wide in placcs; but, though the light poured bril liantly upon it, I could see no bottom. 'If only such another split a.sthis would happen t'other side,' said tbo Frenchman, 'I believe this block would go adrift.' 'Well,' said 1, aftor musing n littlo while, as I rim my eyoorcr tho hollows, 'I'll tell you what was in my mind just now. There is a grra^qunDtityof guDpowder in the hold ten or a dozen barrels. By dropping large jiarcols of it into tbo creviccs on the right there, and firing it with slow matches' ? He. interrupted mo with a orv: 'By St. Paul, you havo it! Whatcreviros'hovpyouf' Wo wnlkod briskly round tbo vessel*: nnd nil about her I team and starboard quarter I found, in addition to the scams 1 had beforo noticed, mauy great cracks and fissures, cnr.wd 110 doubt by the fnJJ of this shoulder of the slope. I pushed on further yet, goiuc; down tbo ravine, os I havo called it, until I came to tho edge; and hero I looked down from a height of some twelve or fourteen feet— so greatly bad the u-o sunk or been c'-.nnged by tho weather — tipou tbe ocean. 1 called to Tabard. Il«: npproacbod warily. 1 firmly believe he feared 1 might bo templed to give him a friendly shove over tbe edge. 'Observe this bolJow.' said J; 'tho split thero goes down to tlio water, and you may toko it that the block is wholly disconnected on that side. Now look at the faco of the icv,' said I, iwinting to tho starboard or right hand side; 'tbnt crack goes as far os the vessel's quarter, nnd tho weakness is carried on to past the bows by tho other rents. Mr. Tnssard, if we could burst this body of i-;e by nil explosion from its moorings ahead of tlie bowsprit, where it is all too compact, this crndlo with tho schooner in it will go free of tbe parent body.' He ans\r«jred promptly, 'Yfs, it is the ono and only plan. Thata-acktostarbonrdislikc telling us what to do. It is well you caino hero. We should not have seen it from the top. This valley runs steep. You must expect no more than tho surface to be liberated, for the foot of the cliff will go deep.' 'I desire no more/' 'Will tho ship stand sueh alaunch, suppos ing wo bring it about?*1 said he. I responded with ouo of his own shrugr, aud said, 'Nothing is certain. Wo have one of two courses to choose; to venture this launch, or stay till U10 ie© breaks up, nnd take our chance of floating or of Iwiug smashed. ' 'You ore right!' ho exclaimed. 'Horn is nn opportunity. If wo wait, bergs may gather about this polntand build us in. As to tlu's island dissolving, we are yet to know which way 'tis heading. Suppose it should be traveling south, hey f llesti*uck tho ice with his spear, ond we toiled up the slippery rocks with difficulty lo 111 .' ship. We walked past tho bows to the distauce of tho vessel's length. Hero wero many deep holes and cracks, and, as if we were to bo taught how these came about, even wlillo we wero viewing them, an rar splitting crash of noiso hapi-ened within twenty fathoms of us, a rock many tons in w-eight rolled over and left a black gulf be hind it. Tho Frrnchman started, muttered nnd crossed himself. 'Holy Virgin!' ho eriod, rolling his eyes. 'Let us return. Tbo pow der barrel must havo the first chance.*' And be made for the schooner savagely striking tbo ico with his spear, nud growling curses tc himself as ho plowed aad climbed and jumped his way along. ? CHAPTER XX. By tho timo wo had reached the bottom of tho hollow, Tossard was blowing like o bellows with tho uncommon exertion ; and, swearing that bo felt tho cold |)cnetrating his bones, und that ho should Ixi stni-rlicd again if ho did not mind, he climbed into the ship and disap)-earcd. I loved him so little that secrellj- 1 very heartily wished that nature would mako away with him— I moan that something it would bo iin]-ossiblc in me t-- lay to my conscience should befall him— a? becoming comatose oguin, nnd so lyiug likn one dead. Assuredly in such a enso it wns not this hand that would have wasted n drop of brandy in returning an evil, win to liverod. hectoring old rascal to a life that bmellud foully with him and tho like of liim. I entered the ship, and fouud Tussard roast ing himself in tbe cook house. 'I havo been surveying tbo ire,1' said I, drawing to the furnace, 'and have very little doubt tbnt if wu wisely lieslow the powder in great quantities wo shall succeed in dislocnt 1 ing the bed on which wo aro lying.' 1 'Good!' ho cricd. 'But after?' said L 'What!' 'As much of this Ited as nuy bo dislodged will uot 1)0 deep; icebergs, as of courso you know, cupsizc in cousequence of their becom ing top houvy by tho wasting of the bulk that is submerged. Tlii.s block will mako but a small berg should wo liberate it, and I very much fear tbat the weight of this schooner will overact it the instant we aro launched.' 'Body of Mosesr'he cried, angrily, knit ting his brows, whereby he stretched the scar to BftJf its usual width, 'what's to be done, thenf 'Sboisafull ship,' said I, 'and weighty. If tbo liberated ice be thin she may sit up on it and keej) it uwdor. We have n. right to bopohi that direction, perhaps. Yet tiicro is another consideration. Sho may leak like asfevel' 'Why!' he exclaimed. 'She took the ice smoothly; she bns not beon strained ; she was ns Hglit ns n liottlo Irefore slio stranded; tho coating of ico will have cherished her; nnd a stout ship liko this does not suffer from six month*, of lying up!*' Six months, thought I. 'Wvll, it may lw ns yon ssy; but if she looks, it will not bo in our four arms to keep her free.' lie exclaimed, hotly, 'Air. Rodney, if wo nro to rsonpo wo must venture something. To stay hero mentis death in tbo end. lam persuaded tbnt this ice is joined with some va«t main body far south, and that jt does not move. Wliat is there, than, to wait fori There is promise in your gunpowder proposal. If she enpsizos, theu the devil will gel bis own.'' Aud with a suvago flourish of the pannikin be put it to his lips and drained it. His sullen determination that wo should stand or fall by my scheme wns not very use ful to mo. I had looked tor tome shrewdness in him, some cajncily of originating nnd weighing idens; but 1 found lie could do little more than cur-«o nnd swagger nnd ply his c»j, in which he found most of bis nnec4otcs and recollections and not a littlo of his conr age. 1 pulled out my watch, as I must call it, nnd observed that it «a* hard upon 1 'Tis lucky,1' said he, eying tlie watch greedily and coming to it away from liic groat subject nf onr deliverance, as though the sight of the fine gold thing with its jeweled letter extinguished every other thought in him, 'that you removed that watch from Mendiva. Jlut he will have carried other good things to the bottom with him. 1 fear.' 'Hisilnsk ond tobacco box I took nwr.y,' saiil I. 'Ho hod nothing of con^oqueiice be sides.' 'They must go into the common che.v..' cried he: ''tis share and share, you kno-.v.' 'Ay,'' said I, 'but v.-hat 1 found on Men dozn is mine by the highest right under heaven. If 1 had net taken the things they would now be at tlr* bottom of the sex'' 'What of thalf' cried he. savuguly. 'If w.j had not plundered the galleon she might havo lieen wrecked and taJc-n nil she luui duwn with her. Yet should such a consider ation hinder u fair division ns between us— lietween you, who had nothing to d-» v.ith tho pillage, nnd me. who risked my life in it f' 1 said, 'Very well ; bo it ns yon say.' np ]-earing to consent-, for there wnj som ahing truly absurd in err altercation abojir :i few guineas' worth of booty in th«- faeo nf our melancholy and most perilous jio-iti'in.ihou^h it not onlyetinbJod m« to wnd n deeper glance into the mind of this man, than I hadyeibcva nl»!-* to mnnnge, but mr.de me und'Tstind r. reason for the bloody nnd furious ounrrels which have ngain nnd again nrism among |K?rsous suuid ng on tbe brink of eternity, to whom a cup of drink or tl-» srrht of .1 ship Jwd l/ceji in ore prr-Smits Jhan tbo content* «-/ the Bank of England. I «v. nbont getting the diun^r. 'While yon nro at that work,' cried be. starling up, 'I'll overbnnl the poeket- of the bodies on deck;' and picking un n chopT-e. away bo went, ami I heard bini enrsiiivc' ?i: his native tongue hi* stumbled lo the com pnuion ladder through the darkness iu the ' His rapacity was beyond credence. There was an iuinienso treasure bit he hold, yiihr could not leave the pockets nf the two i-o-ir wrctchcs on deck alone. I did not --nvy him his task: the frozou figures would hcr.r 11 deal of hammering, and besides b*' had tj work in tho cold. Ah. ihoiigh 1. with ;? gruqn, I khould have left him to make oue I had finished my dinner by llie time h- arrived. He produced the watch 1 hadl-ahey from and returned lo tin* mate's poekct wh- n I bad searched him for a tinder box: nl^- u gold snuffbox set with diamomLs and n lev. Spanish pieces in gold. On seeing ihei things I rcinemlierod that I had found soni rings and money in Tassai-d's jjockeia whil-' overhauling him (or means to obtain fire, but 1 hold my peace. 'Should not we have been imbeciles to sacrifice these beauties*'' ho cried, viewiii' the watch and snuffbox with a rapturo;: 'Tbcy were hard to come ot, I expect 'No,' ho answered, pocketing them nn-: turning to a piece of beef in the oven. knocked away tbe icv, and after a little wrenching got nt tho pockets. But ji-» Trentanovo! d'ye know, his nose came nv.vu with tho mask of ice! He is no longer lovely to tbo sight!'' He broke iuto n. guffaw, tin .1 stuffed his mouth full, nnd talked in the in tervals of chewing. 'There was nothir.;: worth taking on Barros. They nru L101L overboard.' 'Overboard!' I cried. 'Why, yes,' sold he. 'They ore no gr-n,j on deck. I stood them o^iinsi tbo rail, thru tipped them over.' This wns an illustration of his strength I did not much relish. 'I doubt if I could havo lifted IJarroc,' said I. 'Not you!' beexelaimed, running his p;-e over inc. 'A dend Dutchman would h.iv» Hi' weight or a fairy alongside Barros, 'Well, Mr. Toward,'1 baiil I, 'since you r.vr so strong you will bo very useful lo our scheme! There is much to bo done.' 'Give 1110 a sketch of your plans thnl 1 may understand you,'' he exclaimed, con tinuing to cat very heartily. 'First of all,' said 1, 'we shall have t-- brenk the powdor burrelsoulof the in;ig;i7i:i-: and boirt. thorn on dock. Thero «re tackJe.', 1 suppose?' 'You should be able to find what you among tho boatswain's stores iu the run,' he 'There ore some splits wido enough to re ceive a whole barrel of powder,'' said I. 'I counted four such yawns nil happily IviVr; hi a lino nthwart tho ic« past tbe bows. I pro pose to sink those barrels twenty feet deep, where they must hnng from a pieco of synr across tbe aperture.' Ho nodded. 'Have you any plow inntches aboard ?' 'Plenty among the gunner's Btores,' he re plied. 'Thero aro but you nnd me,' said I; 'fheso oiwrations will tako time. We must mind not to bo blown up hy ouo barrel while we aro suspending another. We shall lrnvo to lower tho barrel* with tlwir matches 011 fire, and they must bo timed to burn uu 'Ay, certainly — at least an hour,' lie ex claimed. 'Two hours would bo better.'' 'Well, tbnt must dejKiid upon theiuim 5-er of parcels of matches we meet with. There will be n good tunny mines to spring, j nud oue must not cxplodo lieforc nnoHier. j 'Tis tbe united force of tho several blasts which we must reckon 011. The contents nf at least four more barrels of powder wo mu*. distribute among tho other chinks nnd splits iu such parcels as they will be nblo to I 'And thenf' '£jid then,' Ktid I, 'we rnuct await the explosion, and flfust to the merry of heaven to help us.' no mado a hideous faeo, 06 if this wos a sort of talk tonausoato him, and said: 'Do you proposo that wo shoifld remain on board, cr watch the effects from a distance?'' 'Why, remain on lioard, of course,' I an swered. 'Suppose tho mines lilwratod the ico on which tho schooner li™ nnd it floated away, what shoold we, watching at a dis tance, do*'' 'True,' cried he, 'but it Is cursed jwrilois. The explosion might blow the ship up.' 'No, it will uot do that. Wo shall bebnd engineers if wo bring su-?h a thing oboat. The danger will be— providing the schooler is rcluased—in her cajwixing, as I have befciro pointed out.' 'Enough!' cried he, charging Ids patmi Wn for the third time. 'We must chance her capsizing.' 'If 1 had aerew at my back,' said I, 'I would carry on nudior and cnblu to the shoul der of tiio cUlt at tlie end of the slojn* to hold' ttio ship if she swam. I would also put a quantity of provisions on tlie ieo along with materials for making irs shelter and the whelo of the slock of coal, so that we could go on eupportiug life hero if tho schooucr cap sized.' 'Then,' 6aid he, 'you would remain ashoro during the explosion ?'' ^ 'Mosfc certainly. But ns all thew prepara tions would mean a degree of labor imprae ticable hy ns two men, 1 am for the bold ven ture—prepare and fire thu mines, rot urn to the ship, nnd leave the rwl to Providence.* Ho made another ugly fnee, nnd indulged himself in a piece of profanity thni was in cxprwijbly disgusting ond mean In the mouth of a man who wns used to enww himself when alarmed and swear by the wiintx. But per haps he knew, even brtter tluin I, how littlo he had to ex]»ect from Provideure. llw filiM Iris pij»e, exclaiming that when fee had smokc-.l it out we should fall to work. Now that I had settled a plan, I wps onger to put it into practice—hot nnd wild, indeed, with tiio imiMljcneo and hope of thecast awny animated with the dreaiu of recovering his liberty and preserving his life; and I was tho more anxious to set about t ho tiusiiicss nt once, on accouut of the weather being fair aud still ; for if it camo 011 to blow a stormy . wind again wo should be forced, as liefore, j under hatches. But I bad to wait for the I Frenchman to empty bis pipe, lie was su I complete n sensualist that I believe nothing 6bort of terror could hrtvu forced him to shorten the period of a pleasure by a second of time. Ho went 011 pulling so delilwratcly, with such leisurely enjoyment or the flavor of tho smoW», thai I expected to see him fall oslevp;and, iuy patience l-ocoining exhausted, 1 juiupod up, but by this tune his bowl held notbiug but black ashen. 'Now,' cried he, 'to work.' Aiul he rose with a prodigious yawn nnd Kized the lantern. Our first huMiicfrv was tu hunt among the boatswain's stores iu the run for tackles to hoist the powder barrels up with. There was a good collection, us might have beeu exj-ect*d in a pimte, whoso com merce Jny in slinging goods from otliir ships' holds into hor own; but the ropes were 1 frozen as bard as Ieoii, to remedv which we I carried an armful lo ttif cook house., «t)d Kl't . I the tackles to lie and soften. We also reyodto the cook house o quantity of j-nthue stuff— 0 thin rojK', used for themnking nr steps in tha shroud ladders; this Wing a line tbar would exactly serve to su.-iiwnd tho smaller parcels of powder in the splits. Be fore touching tho powder barrels we put a lighted candlc into the bull's eye lamp over tlu- door, and removed tbe lantern ton distance, Tnssard Wji» perfectly well ac quainlod with the content* of this store room, nud on my asking for 1 he inntcbcv put his hand on oue of several bags of them. Tboy varied in length, some lv-ing six inches aud fionw making u big coil. There was □otlutig for it but to wimple nnd tost them, and this I told Tnssard could l« done 1li.it evening. Tbe main hatch was just forward of the gunroom bulkhead: we sei/ed a hand spike each ond wont to work to pry the *ovcr open. It was dosjH-rnto tough labor— ns liad as tryiug to open an oyster with a s*ft blade. The Frenchman broke out into many ilrniigo old-fashioned onths in his own tongue, imag ining tbe hatch to be frozen; but though 1 don't doubt tho -frost bad something to do with it, its obstinncy was mainly owing to time, that bad soldered it, so to speak, with tbe stubbornness that eight and forty years will coinmuuicato to a fixture which ice bus * cherished and kept sound. Wo got the hutch open at lost — lieplensod to know that I am speaking of the hatch in the lower deck, for there whs another inimo dialoly over it on the upper or main dcuk— and returning -to the jiowder room, rolled tho barrels forward ready for slinging and hoist ing away when we should bavu rigged a tackle aloft. We had not dono much, but what we bad dono had eaten far imo the 'I -yn tired and hungry and thirsty,' said tbe Frenchman. 'Let us knock off. Wo have made good progress. No use oj-oniug the main doek hatch to-night; iho vi*scl is cold enough when hermetically corked.' 'Very well,'1 said I, bringing my watch lo tho lantern aud observing tho timo lo bo 1 sundowu; so, carefully extinguishing tbo 1 candlo in tbo bull's eye lamp, we took each of j us a bag of matches and went to tlie cool; Thero wns neither tea nor coffee in the ship. I 60 pined for those soothing drinks that I would have given all the wine in thu vessel for a few pounds of cither one of them— a senseless, ungracious yearning, indeed, in tho face of the plenty tluitwas aboard! But it, ; was the plenty, perhaps, that provoked it. I There was chocolate, which tbe Frenchman I potted aud drank with hoarty enjoyment; lie I also devoured handfuls of succndes, wliich j ho would wash dtswn with wiuo. Thiwa I things made mo sick, and for drink 1 was I forced upon the spirit** and wiuo, tlie latter j of wbicb was so generous tbat it promised to 1 combine with tlie ctiforcod laziness of my lifo under batches to make 1110 fat ; so thai 1 nm of opinion, liad he waked for the ine to release us, I should have l«i*oine so corpulent os to prove a burden to myself. I mention this here that you mnv find nn excuse in it for tho only act of foliy in the way of drinking that I ran lay to my ac count while I was in this pirnte; fori must tdl you that, ou rcturoiHg to tbe furnace, we, to refresh us after our labor, made a bowl of punch, of whidi I drank wo plenti fully that I began to feel myself very murry. 1 forgot all about the matches nnd my resolu tion to tost them that night* The French man, enjoping my condition, continued to pledgo mo till his little eyes danecd in his head. Luckily for njp, Ixsing at bottom of a very jolly disposition, drink never served mo worse thun to develop thnt qualitv in mo. No man could aver soy that 1 was'quaprcl 60 mo in my cups. My progress was murkod by stupid smiles, terminating in unmeaning laughter. Tho Froitchmau sang a ballad about lovo and Picftrdy, aud tbo like, and I gave him 'Hearts of Oak,' the sentiments of which song kept him shrugging his shoulders and drunkeuly looking contempt. By this time I wns extremely excited and extraordinarily merry, and losing hold of my judgment began to indulge bi sundry pleas antries concerning his nation and country men— asking, with many explosions or laugh ter, bow it was that they continued at tbo trouble of building chips for ustouso against them, and if ho did uot think tho 'flower da louse' a neater symbol for people who pat snuff Into their soup and restricted tbeir ab lutions to tbeir faces than tbo tricolor, being too muddled to consider that bo vras ignor ant of that flag; and, in short, I was so offensive, in 6pito of my ridiculous merri ment., that bis savage nature broke ouL He assailed tho English with every injurious term his drunken condition Buffered bim to rocolloct, and storting up, with bis little eyes Wildly rolling, bo clapped bis hand to bis Ride, as If feeling for a sword, and, calling me by a rery ugly French word, bade me oome on and be would show me tbo differ* race between a Frenchman and a beast of on Englishman. 1 laughed at bim with all my might, which to enraged him that, swaying to right and loft, he advanced as if to fall upon me. I started to my foet, and tumbled orer the bench I had jumped from and lay sprawling; fcnd the Iwnch oversetting close to him, be kirked against It and foil too, fetching the derk a very hard blow. He groaned heavily, and muttered that he was killed. I tried to rise, but my legs gave way, and then the fumes of the punch overpowered me, for I recollwt jio more. When I awoke it was pitch dark. My bands, legs and feet seemed formed of ice, my head of burning bram. I thought I was in my cot, and felt with my bands till I touched TtuwnrdV bald bead, which so terri fied me that 1 uttered a loud cry and sprang erect. Then recollection returned, and I hoartily cursed luysdf for ray folly and wickedness. Good Godf thought I, that I should be so mad as to drown my senses when never was any wretch in such noed of ell bis iwonasl! 'The boatswain's tinder bo* wns in my pecket; I groped, found a candle, and lighted it. It wns U:!J0 in the morning.. Tassard lay on his bock, snoring hideously, 'his legs over hanging the capsized bench. 1 pulled and bouled at him; but he wos too drunk to wwake, and that ho might not freeze to death, I fetched a pile of clothes out of his cabin and covered him up, and put liis head j- ij neaa acnoa nornmy, but not worse than my heart. I went to my cabin and got into tv hammock, but my bead was so hot end afhert bo furiously, and I was bo vexed with myself beside*, that I could not sleep. The schooner was deathly Ktill; there was not apparently the faintest murmur of air to awaken nn echo in ber; nothing spoke but the near and distant cracking of the ice. It was miserable work lying jn tho cabin sleep less* and reproaching myself, andasmy burn big head robbed tho cold of its formidnblc ness, 1 reeolvod to go on dcck and take a brisk turn or two. The exercise improved my spirits; I stepped the length of the little raised deck briskly, iny thoughts very busy. On a sudden the ice split on the starboard band with a noise j louder than tho explosion of a twenty-four 1 pounder. The schooner swayed to a level keel with so sharp a rise that I lost my bal ance and staggered. I recovered myself, trembling and greatly agitated bytheDOise and the morement coming together without the least hint having been given me, and, grasping a backstay, waited, not knowing what was to happen next. Unless it be the jkoarbof an earthquake, I can imagine no ?' motion capable of giving one such a swoon ing, nauseating, terrifying sensation as tho rending of ico under a fixed ship. In a few moments there were several sharp cracks, all musketry, and 1 felt the schooner very slightly beavo; but this might have been a deception of the senses, for though 1 set & star against the masthead and watched it there was no movement. I looked over the side and observed that tbe split I had noticed on the faeo of the cliff had by new rupt ure been extended transversely right ncr'^ the schooner's starboard bow, the thither side being several feet higher than on thin. It was plain that tbe bod on which tbe ves* set rested iiad dropped so as to bring her up right, and I was convinced by this circum stance alone that if I used good judgment in disposing of the powder the weight of the moss would complete its own dislocation. The shock did my bead good ; I went below and get Into my cot, and after tossing for half an hour or so foil asleep. I awoke at U and went to tho cook home, where I found Tassard preparing tbe breakfast and a great lire burning. 1 hardly knew what reception he would give me, and was therefore not a little agreeably surprised by his thanking zne for covering bim up. 'You havn a stronger head than mine,' satd be; 'the punch used you well You made me laugh, though. You were very diverting.' 'Ay, much too divortlnEto please myself ,» 6aid I; and 1 sounded bim cautiously to re mark what his memory carried of my in sults, but found that he recollected nothing more than that I danced with vigor and sang well. I said nothing about my contrition, my going on deck, and the like, contenting my self with asking if he had heard tbe explosion ia the night. 'No,' cried he, staring and looking eagerly. 'Well, then,' said I, 'there has happened a mighty crack in tbe ice, and I do soberly be lieve that with the blessing of God we phMl be able by blasts o£ powder to free the block on which the schooner rests.' 'Good!' cried he; 'come, let us hurry with this meat. Bow is the weather!'' 'Quiet, I believe. I have not been on deck since tbe explosion aroused me early morning.' While we ate be said, 'Suppose we get the schooner afloat, what do you proposer* 'Why,' I answered, 'if Bhe prove tight and seaworthy, what but carry her homer' 'What! you and I alone!' 'No,' said I, 'certainly not; we must make shift to sail her to the nearest port, and ship a crew.' He looked at me attentively and 6aid: 'What do you mean by homer* 'England,' said I. He shrugged his shoulders, and exclaimed In French: ''Tis natural;' then proceeding in English: 'Pray,' said ho, showing i»a fangs, 'do not you know that the Boca del Dragon is a pirate? Do you want to be hanged, that you pnJpose to carry her to a port to ship raenP 'I have no fear of that,' said I; 'after all them years shell be as clean forgotten as if ; she had never had existence.' 'Look ye here, Mr. Rodney ,' cried he, In a passion, 'let's have no more of this snlvol. fng nonsense about years. You may be as mad as you please on that point, but it sha'nt hang ma It needs more than a few months to mako men forget a craft that has carried on such traffic as our hold represents. . ? not find me venturing myself nor tbe „ into any of your ports for men. No, no. nx- friend. I am in no stupor now, yon - , and I've slept the punch off also, d y - rnrj 'What! betray our treasure, and be * n_nfrpj for our generosity I11 nangea Crinnlne 'Let's get the schooner afioat t t 'Ay, that's all veiy well,' b better stop here than dangle t my friend ; our plan most b» .!?{ one from your proposal. 1 1 amarem your share of the booty!1* want SrflD™ 681(1 ht- Bn*PPkS '? ' «*' '-few . 'Aadyetyouwoulif , MCTOjU,tmMtnoto3 pirate of tbe age, with plunder in her to the ' value of thousands of doubloons, to a port® which we Bhould doubtless find ships of iHr, a garrison, magistrates, governors, £isons, and the whole of the machinery it isourbnsi neas to give our stern toi Ma Xoi, Mr. Rod ney! surely you are out in something mare than your reckoning of timer* 'What do you proposer said X. 'Hal' be exclaimed, while his little eyes twinkled with cunning, 'now you speak sen sibly. 'What do I propose? This, my friend. We must navigate the schooner to an and bury tbe treasure; then head for the shipping highways, end obtain help from any friendly merchantman we may fall in with. Home with us means the Tortugss. There we shall find the company we need to recover for us what we shall have hidden. We come by our own then. But to with *hu treasure on board — without a crew to defend tbe vessel — by this handl the first cruiser tbat sighted us wduld make a clean sweep, and then bo for the hangman, Mr, Rodney!' How much 1 rolisbed this scheme you will Imagine; but to reason with bim would have been mere madncs. I knitted my brows and seemed to reflect, and then said: 'Well, there is a great deal of plain, good sense in what you say. I certainly see the wisdom of your advice in recommending tbat we should bury tbe treasure. Nor must we leave any thing on board to convict tho ship of her troe character.' His greedy eyes sparkled with selfcom placency. Ho tapped his forehead and cried: 'Trust to th/sl There is mind behind this surface. Your plan for releasing the schooner is great; mine for preserving the treasure is great too. You are the sailor, I tho strategist; by combining our genius we shall oppose an invulnerable front to adver sity, and must end our days as princes. Your hand, Paul I' 1 laughed and gave him my hand, which he squeezed with many contortions of face and figure; but, though I laughed, I don't know tbat I ever so much disliked and dis trusted and feared the old leering rogue as at (bat moment. 'Cornel' cried I. iumninir tin. about our work.*' And with tbat Z pulled open a bag of matches and fell to I them. They burned well. The fire ato into them as smoothly as if they had been pre pared tbe day before. They ware all of one thickness. I cut them to equal length*, and fired them, and waited, watch in band; one was burned out two minutes before the other, and each length took about ten to consume. This was good enough to base my calculations upon. (To be continued next Saturday.) 