.DEVELOPMENT OP POPERY. (Jhrist : appeared; — the career or paganism- was checked ;— the fate: of ; Judaism was sealed. A character and a , religion were placed before the eyes of Vmen hitherto inconceivable in the beauty tiiici pQiiaQuuropy oi uLioir HuDurui umiixB all other founders of a religious- faith, Christ had no selfishness, no desire of 1 'fin m in fin p. a nnr? Ilia ntrnf-Am nnlilrA ' nil J other systems of worship, was bloodless, boundlessly beneficent, inexpressibly pure, t and, (.most marvellous of all, went to break all bonds of body and soul ; and, to -'cast 'down every temporal and' every 'spiritual- tyranny. It : was a i system ''calculated for the whole ; wide universe' ; —adapted to embrace men of 'all /climes, < ullages, all ranks of life, or intellect ; ; for the! rich and for the poor; for: the; savage ; and the civilised; for the fool and .the philosopher ; for man,: woman, and child ; ; which, recognising the grand doctrine, that "God made of one blood all the nations of the earth," represented the Almighty as the Father, and all men as brethren born to one universal love,— to the same inalienable rights, — to the same eternal hope. He himself was the living personification of his principles. De molishing the most inveterate prejudices of men, by appearing a poor man amongst the poor; by tearing from aristocratic pride and priestly insolence, their masks of most orthodox assurance; by pro claiming, that the truth which he taught should make all men free ; by declaring that the Gentiles lorded it over, and oppressed one another, but that it should not be so with his followers ; by pulling down with indignation spiritual pride in high places, and calling the poor and afflicted his brethren, and the objects of his tenderest regard, — he laid the foundations of civil and religious free dom of mental power growing out of un- restrained mental energies, and of love and knowledge co-equal in extension with the world. This perfect freedom of uni versal man he guarded by leaving no decrees ; but merely great and everlast ing principles, intelligible to the mind and conscience of the whole human race ; and on which men, in all countries, might found institutions most consonant to their wants. By declaring that " wherever two or three were met to gether in his name, he would be in the midst of them " he ckt off for ever every claim, the most specious, of priestly dominance; and by expressing his un qualified and indignant abhorrence of every desire of his disciples "to call down fire from heaven upon his enemies," or to forbid those to preach and work miracles in his name, who did not im mediately follow him, and conform to their notions, he left to his church a light more resplendent than that of the sun, on the object of non-interference with the sacred liberty and prerogative of conscience. But scarcely had the persecutions of the pagan emperors ceased, when the Christian church became inundated with corruptions and superstitions of every kind. Constantine embraced Christi anity ; and almost the whole world em braced it nominally with him. But, as if the ghost of departed despotism hovered over the Seven Hills, and sought only a fresh body to arise in a worse shape, a new tyranny commenced in the form of priestcraft, ten times more terrible and hateful than the old, — be cause it was one which sought to sub jugate not merely the persons of men, but to extinguish knowledge; to crush into everlasting childishness the human mind ; and to rule it, in its fatuity, with mysteries and terror. The times favoured the attempt. With the civil power of the Roman empire, science and literature were disappearing. A licentious army controlled the destiny of a debauched and effeminated people ; and the Gothic and Hunnish nations, rushing in immense torrents over the superannuated states of Europe, scattered, for a time, desolation, poverty, and ignorance. At this crisis, while it had to deal with hordes of rough warriors, who, strong in body, and bois terous in manner, had yet minds not destitute of great energies, and many traditional maxims of moral and judicial excellence, but clothed in all the simple credulity of children, — up rose the spirit of priestcraft in Rome, and assumed all its ancient and inflated claims. As it the devil, stricken with malice at the pro- mulgation of Christianity, which threat- ened to annihilate his power, had watched the opportunity to inflict on it the most fatal wound, and had found no instru ment so favourable to his purpose as a priest — such a glorious and signal triumph never yet was his, from the creation of the world ! Had he devised a system for himself he could not have pitched upon one like popery; — a system which, pre- tending to be that of Christ, suppressed the Bible, — extinguished knowledge,— locked up the human mind, — amused it with the most ludicrous baubles,— and granted official licenses to commit all species of crimes and impurity. Satan himself became enthroned on the Seven Hills in ; the habit of a priest, and grinned his broadest delight, amidst the public and universal reign of ignorance, hypoc- risy, venality; and lust. As- if the popes had studied the pagan hierarchies, they brought into concen- trated exercise all their various engines of power, deception, and corruption. "They could not, indeed, assert, as the pagan priesthood had done, that they were of a higher origin- than the rest of mankind ; and therefore entitled to sit as kings, to choose all kings, and rule over all kings; for it was necessary to preserve some public allegiance to the doctrines of Christianity ;— but they took ground quite as effective.- : They declared them- selves the authorized vicegerents of Heaven ; making Christ's words to Peter their charter— " On this rock I will build my church," — hence asserting themselves to be the only true church, though they never could show that St. Peter ever was at Rome at all. On this ground, how- ever — enough for the simple warriors of the time — they proceeded to rule over nations and kings. On this ground they proclaimed the infallibility of the pope and his conclave of cardinals, and thus excluded all dissent. Their first act, having once taken this station, was that which bad been the practice of priests in all countries, — to shut up the true. know ledge amongst themselves. As the priests of Egypt and Greece enclosed it in mysteries, they wrapt the simple truths of the gospel in mysteries too : as the Brahmins forbid any except their own order to read the sacred Vedas, they shut up the Bible, — the very book given to enlighten the world ; — the very book which declared of its own contents, that "they were so clear that be who ran might read them that they taught a way of life so perspicuous that "the wayfaring man, though a fool, could not err therein." This was the most daring audacious act the world had then seen ; but this act done successfully, the whole earth was in their power. The people were ignorant; they taught them what they pleased. They delivered all sorts of ludicrous and pernicious dogmas as Scripture ; and who could contradict them? So great became the ignorance of even their own order, under this system, so completely became the Bible a strange book, that when, in after ages, men began to inquire, and to expose their delusions, a monk warned his audience to beware of these heretics, who had inven ted a new language, called Greek, and had written in it a book called the New Testament, full of the most damnable doctrines. By every act of insinuation, intimidation, forgery, and fraud, they not only raised themselves to the rank of temporal princes, but lorded it over the greatest kings with insolent impunity. The Ban, which had been employed by the priests of Odin in the north, they adopted, and made its terrors felt through out the whole Christian world. Was a king refractory — did he refuse the ponti fical demand of money — had he an opinion of his own — a repugnance to comply with papal influence in his affairs ? — the thun- ders of the Vatican were launched against him; his kingdom was laid under the ban: all people were forbidden, on pain of eternal damnation, to trade with hist subjects ; all churches were shut ; the nation was of a sudden deprived of all exterior exercise of its religion ; the altars were despoiled of their ornaments ; the crosses, the relics, the images, the statues of the saints, were laid on the ground; and, as if the air itself were profaned, and might pollute them by its contact, the priests carefully covered them up, even from their own approach and veneration. The use of bells entirely ceased in all churches ; the bells them- selves were removed from the steeples, and laid on the ground with the other sacred utensils. Mass was celebrated with shut doors, and none hut the priests were admitted to the holy institution. The clergy refused to marry, baptize, or bury ; the dead were obliged to be cast into ditches, or lay putrefying on the ground ; till the superstitious people, looking on their children who died with- out baptism as cone to perdition, and those dead without burial amid the cere- Simonies of the church and in consecrated ground, as seized on by the devil, rose in rebellious fury, and obliged the prince to submit, and humble himself before the proud priest of Rome. But not merely kings and kingdoms were thus circumstanced ; every indi- vidual, every parish was liable to be thus excommunicated by the neighbouring priest. The man who offended one of these powerful churchmen, however res- pected and influential in his own neigh- bourhood over night, might the next morning behold the hearse drawn up to his hall door, — a significant emblem that he was dead to all civil and religious rights, and that if he valued his life, now at the mercy of any vile assassin, he must fly, and leave his family and his property to the same tender regards which had outlawed himself. the invention of monkery was a capital piece of priestly ingenuity. By this means the whole world became inundated with monks and friars, A aCft' anc 8ro7i with all their trumpery. ur8 -ailb3g army of vigilant forces was set up in every kingdom ; into every town and village they entered ; in every house they became familiar spies, ready to com- municate the earliest symptoms of in- subordination to papal tyranny, ready at signal to carry terror into every region, and rivet faster the chains of Rome. Like the frogs of Egypt, they came up and covered the earth; they crept into every dwelling ; into the very beds and kneading tubs, sparing not those of the king himself— till the land stank with them. That they might- have something to occupy the imagination of the people, equivalent to the numerous idols, gorgeous temples, imposing ceremonies, and licen tious festivals of the heathen ; not only had they paintings of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, but images of Christ, of his mother, and of a thousand saints, who were exalted to be objects of a veneration, little to be distinguished from worship in the minds of the deluded people. To these tbey prayed; to these they made offerings. Splendid churches were built, and adorned with every fascination of statuary and painting : and carnivals. religious festivals, and processions ordain ed without number, in which all the lewd ness and licence of the pagan worship were revived. Instead of the charms which the pagans gave as a protection against evil, they gave relics — bits of wood, hair, old teeth, and a thousand other pieces of rubbish, which were pretended to be parts, or to have been the property of the saints, and were endued with miraculous powers. Thus were men made fast prisoners by ignorance, by the excite- ment of their imaginations, and by objects on which to indulge their credulity. But other engines equally potent were set to work. Every principle of terror, love, or shame in the human mind was appealed to. Oral confession was invented. Every person was to confess his sins to the priest. Thus the priest was put in possession of every thing which could enslave a man to him. "Who was so pure in life and thought that, after having unbosomed himself to his confessor — made him the depository of his most secret thoughts, his weakest or worst actions, dare any more to oppose or offend him ? But the chains of shame and fear were not all ; those of hope were added. The priest had not only power to hear sins, but to pardon them. He could shut up in hell, or let out; he was not content with enslaving his followers in this world— he carried on his influence to the next, and even invented a world, from the tortures of which no man could escape without his permission. How all this could he built on the foundation of Christianity might be wondered at; hut it should never be forgotten, that the Bible was locked up, and every thing was directed to the acqui sition of power and gain. Every thing was a source of gain. Besides the direct tribute to the popedom, every shrine had its offerings ; every confession, every prayer, had its price. Escape from purgatory and indulgence in sin were regulated by a certain scale of payment. The rich, the foolish, and the penitent were wheedled out of their property, to maintain the endless train of pope, cardinals, priests, monks, nuns, confessors, and their subordinates. By them abbeys, cathedrals, and churches were endowed with ample lands; and every one who incurred the censure of tho church, added also by fines to its funds. Eor a thousand years this system was triumphant throughout Europe : over a great part of it, it reigns still. , Millions of monks and secular priests, all forbidden to marry, all pampered in luxurious ease and abundance to voluptuousness, were let loose on the female world as counsellors and confessors, with secrecy- in one hand, and amplest power of absolution from sin in the other ; and the effect on domestic purity may be readily imagined. So, smoothly ran the course of popery for many a century : but when, despite all its efforts to the contrary, the human mind again began to stir ; when knowledge again revived, and the secrets of the church were curiously pried into ; then this terrible' hierarchy, calling itself , Christian, let loose its vengeance. Fire and fagot, chains and dungeons, exterminating wars, and inquisitions, those hells on earth, into which any man might, at a moment's notice, be dragged from his family, his fireside or his bed, at the instigation of malice, envy, cupidity, or holy suspicion, to tortures and death ; these were the tender mercies of the papal priestcraft in the hour of its fear. (To le Continued.) " Does the Pope of Rome bold the Keys ofthe King dom? "—At the Protestant Hall, Sydney, last Sunday evening, in connection with the new mission for the people opened there, Mr. u. u. Dioya, tne evangelist conducting the mission, took the above subject, examining it in the light of the Bible. He showed that there is no foundation in the Word of God for the pope's claim to hold the keys of Peter, &c.; It is estimated that 1000 people were present. The subject for next Sunday evening, is advertised in another column. A Failing Cause.— The Parnellite agitation iB believed to be tottering to -its collapse. Mr. Parnell's new proposal to form a Tenants' Defence League, is believed to be intended to cover tbe fuilnre of the Plan of Campaign. While the Plan of Campaign is collapsing, its author Mr. Dillon, M.P., hna left the ecene of action, and is desperately endeavouring to collect funds in Anstralip. It ie widely believed he saw the approaching collapse of its scheme, before he decided to leave for Anstralip. In the United States, sub scriptions to the Parnellites and their agita tions, are growing lees ; and the revelations of the Clan-an-Gael, and at the Timcs-Parnell enquiry have opened many people's eyes to the true character of the agitation ; and oansed a feeling of indignation against it in the breasts of true Americans, while the Irish papists, even of the most violent type, begin to see that the armed rebellion and uesiruouon oi critiBn power, to enconrage which they were willing to give money they conld ill afford, is never intended to come off, bat it is only dangled before them as a bait to draw their money. In Ireland, on estates where the Plan of Campaign has been put into operation and the tenants lerri- fied, (by the murder and mutilation of those who paid their rents, the houghing of their cattle, and boycotting of their families) into not paying their rentB ; tbe effect haB been that the owners have been compelled to evict. The former tenants, intimidated by the Land League or Plan of Campaign, into I it. £ vwujoiuijg luxy juuuiuru iu eviUL lueiu, lor hie own protection, see with dismay, their former farms being occupied by sturdy honest protestant farmers, from the North of Ireland and from Scotland, who set to work to cultivate the farms, in a superior fashion, and refuEe to acknowledge the Plan of Campaign. These do not let their land go to waste while the owners are drinking whisky and following political agitators and making disturbances all round the country. Regular colonies of protestant farmers have in some instances been settled down on estates from which tho Plan of Campaign caused the eviction of tho former papist tenants. These farmers make the farms pay handsomely ; and the land lords are beginning to look more and more for protestant tenants, who pay their rents and improve their land, and make comfort able honies, where the Irish papists dragged on a miserable existence, and always howled that their poverty was owing, not to their own want of thrift and industry, but to some in scrutable oppression of hated Sassenach. The priests who encouraged the League and, the Plan of Campaign now begin to see their error, and feel the result is loss to them ; for the new tenants attend to their farms in stead of spending the innumerable papal. uuiuiH uayB in going to masB, giving money to the priest for this, that, and the other pur gatorial leason, and getting drank and having-, a rowdy political meeting or discussion, after-! wards. The priesthood is alarmed, and is now compelled to see the inevitable loss to the papal chnroh if this process be continued for long. Year by year the protestant popu lation of Ireland is gaining on the papal ; and the Plan of Campaign and snch like measures, it is no w seen, are accelerating the rate. This effect is exactly the reverse of that for which the priesthood encouraged the movement. Instead of its hastening the longed for day 4 when every Protestant and every Protestant meeting house shall be swept from the land,' the no-rent &o.;, agitation, is hastening the day, whioh will certainly come, when the Protes tants of Ireland will be the most numerous, as they are to-day the strongest, wealthiest, and most intelligent of tho Irish people ; the backbone and mainstay of Ireland, who have made and hold its trade, commerce, and great mannfaotnries in their hnnds. Lately a dividend of no less than 31 per cent, was paid by the defence association which settled honest farmers on the farms from which Irish papists had been evicted for non- payment ot rent and that and other similar successes are strengthening the hands of pro perty owners in Ireland ; and more and more . of the landlords are combining for mutual support and defence, and are turning their idle farms to account in similar fashion, by settling on them Protestants who ignore the Land League, honestly pay their rents, and over whom the priests have no influence, to stir them up to ignorant agitation and outrage against Protestant landlords. Like most other ills the Parnellito agitation seems likely to work its own cure ; and a reaction is setting in. The priesthood begin to see that forcing the landlords to evict papal tenants, and to let their farmB to Protestants who will honestly pay the rents they contract for, means a direct loss to their own pockets and power, and to the Papal Ohurch. The tenants intimidated into joining the Plan of of Campaign, or deluded by promises that they would have their farmB for little or nothing, see with dismay, other men, and hated heretics at that, gladly taking their farms and prospering on them. In this state of things tenants are beginning to fight very shy of the Plan of Campaign, and of the League, and would prefer being let alone by fchflm. toVlflini? frtrflPfl frn "lniri f.ftom on/1 tn lnoa their farms. Numbers who have joined those siBter organisations are only half- hearted, and secretjy wish they conld leavo them without suffering boycotting and being in peril of their lives. The prieBts, touched in their own pockets, are now becoming more ready to carry out the Pope's behest, and use their in fluence against the immoral Plan of Cam paign ; and thiB great influence, added to the secret desires of many of the R.C. tenant farmers, who would prefer to pay their rents arid keep their farms, is weakening the agita tion. The Flan of Campaign is on its last legs ; and while it is dying, the author of the immoral sobeme has discreetly hurried away to Australia to try to collect money there. No doubt it is plensanter for Mr. Dillon to be touring in Australia at the expense of the Papal Irish here, rather than to be in Ireland, where farmers who have lost their homes and the farms from whirh they got a livelihood, by their adhesion to Mr. Dillon's " plan." might be apt to speak some unpleasant trntbs ; and perhaps some exasperated men might be in clined to put into practioe against that agitator himself, some of .his teachings against others, or the teachings of the Papal Chnroh or thei Land League, of the operations to be carried out against all who differ from them. Taught by bitter experience, the tenants stand aloof from the new scheme Mr. Parnell has pro pounded, and so successful has Mr. Balfonr's firm administration been in restoring confi dence and order and prosperity to Ireland, and so strongly has the reaction set in against the Plan of Campaign, that the British Government are said to look with contemptu ous indifference dn this new Parnellite effort to revive a happily failing cause. 