CHAPTER X. THE Binbians li vari in. Carlton House Terrace. Their house had been the property of a noble lord, .wit'» au historic name and an almost historic collection of bric-à-brac and painting, who had rained himself ou tho turf; and Binbian had bought the house ai it pt««d, and had thorj estab'ished hiiuselt with his wife. It waa a very I'oautiful house, lo »king out at thc back, on St. Jam is'sPark, with a great- hall and ppacions rco^iio.i rooms, aud a vast consevatory- that was indoed like a small winter gardsa, and was'filled with pahiis and curious cactus-plants aud orchids and all t ie rarest and most beauti- ful dowers, that'the. gardener's art could supply; : ¡ -Binbian had a fancy thar, Bere- nice s iioqld hojsitrronudod with flowers, and that the delicate .tenderly nurtured bions »ms flho]i!d . somehow symbolize his Jove and care,for,,her. As 'they «tëppé'd out of the cold night in'o the waring lux- urious,, hall, the soft atmosphere' was laden with .the scent of lillies of tho valley ; audall aboutitlieisupper table were slender vaso j of Venetian glass au! Iii tie bowls; tilled with the most» esqusito ¡tea-roses. ? Baromee throw off: lier; -fur cloak and ¡sat down by thûifire, palu and silent, while > Binbian., onrgerly questioned Ransom;-and' .K»ick,,/for all his-bravely .and defcerfoina ,tion,:at times gave ^nervous «ud 'embar- rassed aus wera? when Biiibia. i V - affection ate ausiety pressed .horne on »omö sore pointy or when Binbian nppealed to (Bere- nice,: and he darked not loLtk, toward* that1 ;dark form by tho fire far, tho- maddening consciousness: ..tfcati his veres might ,meet ¡those other - deep. sail eyes, and, whether hö would. or; n>, .speak -the silent language which was forbidden to them, both; ,:??< <.-. ['.'' Seeing her thus, in her own. homo, by Binbian'* fireside, *hei reality of the situa- tion was borue iu upon him wït'i a new and mora poigaant Jiitturnoss. Po? the1 moment it was almost iinoro.th'aa he could bear. He could not «peak to her. It seemed a mockery of . tue past to offer her the » ordtusr/ social trivialities. At first,, while they ;yrere seated'at suppsr. he neither looked;at her nor addressed her. . Then suddenly he ¡became conscious that .Binbiau's eyes moved. from him io Berenice;, with a perplexed expression, and, .slurring; himselfto the effort, he b'gia to talle to her-tho conventional talk abpnt her houso, her London life, the Parliamentary prospects-forced, by lack of ppwer to.cpiumaud his voice, (io ba as rigid conventional a* tho veriest strang jr. She answered, him constrain- edly, coldly. Both were too deeply moved to how unlike they were to - their f ordinary--selves, or to guess how their marmor mu>t striko Binbian. Agaiu, as toóse s ti ff j-bald commonplaces were iuter changed, Binbian gave .a troubled glance at his wife..land at Ids frioud. , A sense of towil<ien.nuut crept o"Yer¡bím and an nu easy fe ¿ling, that something;, was wron af. He was ax- are,,that they had . tuet ia Auierica, and had copie tigéther a»ross the A-tlaii'ie, au'l that .Ransom-had)hoon' a coustaut; vifiit.rtr at. the bank. : -Was it not. tbr.jug.f,, H> «nsóm'si : i hst ru-neutiliiy ; t int his wif ) had baeii given back to bim? A. d irtitig fear, pierced his hoïvti, , Mishfc n;it t.ijs ^a.ca^se »f V'ttJ'i.'rsntmt -.-oil Berenice's pa 't.-'^against Ratsom ? 1 t ;rça? t¡his,,¡;pj'rh ipsr ^viiicíi fmade h r su' ,4isjtint .and. Richard eö.ill at.easu. ; ihir -° -uko Md -fain'iei Jwrself fra J. It. ^..s Ransom who, in his passionate .wish. to (8prye;lÛ8 friend, liad discovered ¡her and told her the truth, and leo worked tippu her iirtho,.iiauiß of duty^asAto force1 her back, into {what she, felt to bs, slavery. jHo^got. up- hastily-frpm'his chair,-and stood for a.,ini!iut3-with ¡us back- to the .{ira watching iier-rrrUoUciug?; how<.'?. she avoided mcing Ransom's eyes, aud "how Hansom 1 )p'fed away-from hers; when he spoke ti her. The doubt waa horrible. She looked np at kiui,,:; Per, clear candid gaze, drove away,,tho,. g<im faucy. Oa some, prctextyihe;vyont,«to,hor side. , " Yon look-tired, ; my dear," he said. There, was something -, peculiarly, tender in his *'iny .dear j"-, it al ways? touched .her curiously. -. -, ?. i ;:; "No,*',-she; answered fat once¿ "notat ,aÜ, .tirpd pr ready for; bed-r;Uulo*8'?-Ti-she hesitated-" unless you and Mr. Hansom haye a gre^tdeulit^Bjay/tojeaoh other and ;^ppid#dbke¿$j wei»* way,".- ! M, ;*;[.. | ,, '\ythy,,3o"isaid'/Binbian, simply. " Rick knowe ,that I have no ¡secrets, from: .my,-, wife. It's a. partnership, pf throe ' nbwí "tpü.'tiiûs'if mind . t^aif¿ Rick and; Berenice },,íc and fie "give ' aJ little husky laugh, ai fMBtit there'« "too heed <for me to tell you that you must *he friends," he added ^wistfully; you've befen friends for a long time. Isu't it so Rick-Bere- ! niée?" : ?? . -, In the moment or dead silence that followed his appeal, the moment in which that rúnhappy . pair braced ." up itheir strentgh, which hal been faltering, for the part they had to play, Binbian again felt ; the paralyzing doubt. But it . was on ly i 'for a moment.' Berenice spoke gravely ! and steadily. " Nb, Gregory, there is i I need. Mr. Hansom and 1 are friende and we shall always bo friends, I hope, 1 She went near to Rans un aud put 01 i her baud. I Tho young man took it in his. Il touch was cold as death- The touc ; seemed to lift him above his coward! I emotion, and fill him with scorn of hi own weakness. He would show her tin I he could be strongJ There was no trac of agitation in his voice. "Yes, dear old mate. Friends alway li-the bust aud truoit- better and true ! friends than we have ever been-not tiiat you aro our common interest." H turned to Berenice, and deliberately sail her name for the first time in speakin t ) her. " Mrs. Binbian, that's. saying gjod dell. You hare always been kim to me, and have encouraged aud helps rae in the right way. An I then there' Tony," ho wont on, witli feverish eagei ness, not allowing her time to speak. " do want to hear all abtut Tony, and Si Anthony, and Lady titrangd, and Mu Dell." ."¿They are all well and exceeding] happy ju«t now," Berenice answered wit forced lightness. "My uncle and am are at the bank, and Philippa has bee away tor cv jr so long, ¡áhe went t Switzcrlauri first to join Mrs. Lance-th artist, you know,'with whom'she lived a the :Boltons-and . Mrs. Lance iliad ? brother who died,'and . who, I feel «un was fond of Philippi, and has beeu a bon between Philippa and Mrs. Lauco. Auj howj i Phtli}»x»a has wintered with he abroad; 'aud f fancy' .somehow - froi Philippa's letters that-she is not "quite s heart less in her pursuit of ' copy ' as sh used to.be." " And Tony F" asked Ransom, i "Tony is with them now at Nice, have some news to tell you about Tonj We only heard it ourselves yesterday and it has made Us all glad." "I cangaea*' what it ia," said Ransom " Miss Doll has at last made up he mind that-Tony's mode of love-making i sufficiently fervidand original and varié) to serve her as a lasting model for he heroes." ' Biubiau laughed henrtily, and Bereuie f tinily echoed his laugh. Yes ; it is true," he «aid. " Tony ha askó I- Philippa to marry him, an l she ha consented at last ; and they .aró comin« home soon; and then, everything will- bi settled." .. '* l'vá never seen Miss Dell," Binbiai Said.' " Do you k tow, Rick, I had t fiucy for a bit., till Tony put it out of inj he id, that yon had fallou iulovd with Mibi -Didi, and that she had refused you, arie that ehe was the reason why you went wandering." - Richard shook his head and laughed t little bitterly. '. Th it was a foolish f incy Jo. Pm not one' of the marrying sort and, besides, Tony was in the field from tho i first. - To:iy stead-to win from tht start. No ; Miss: Dell isn't responsible for my roaming fit" '* What is responsible, my boy ?" "Tiie mt ur* of the b mst. Why, Bin biau Jo, don't you ramembe - how I went dowu to Melbourne, iutouding to hará a high 'old titn'i, and how I made tracks foi the bush bof ore IM boen three weeks in that Babylon of the Autipud s ? That't the way it was with me-hore. Your fine civiUWio« i * a «iekuing triar- thc hean lessons s nul tate oie-s of it, th« ananiiou-wordiio. t"ie trump ing of souls Mud the starving if h .lies, » in ¡he hopi;. ¡le«sues* of trying to OK C . »h » . i»v I l.»ss ! Y M'I iT' t to feel liku I ni .1 ' d of «eit seasoa, Binbian.- -Y«»u*ti longic escape from the' glare and humbug and misery-from 4he fiuely dressed crowds and tho ragged creatures in tho streets. You'll long for a little bit of nature-for the sound of the -wind among the slie oaks, and.the sweet piire note of tho' bell- bird in t'ho: scrub " ' - ? ? "I feel like that sometimes now, Rick. But it's 'my mission to stop among tho crowds; and.it's your mission too. ' And fien you * can ' hear a bell-bird with a sweater,: nobler tune than you and I list- ened to in the old days in the scrub. Wheii I'm sick ¡of the main mon-worship and ail the rest,'and fancy myself some- how part of the show and the sham, and hale myself for being the man I am, that ' noto fills me with thankfulness and joy, and seems to raise me into , a better, purer dife. ?"Berenice, you'll'not smile .'at our fancy* ¡and' you'll be our "bell-bird-^ Rick's aud mine. It's gettilig'late, my dear, and you're -pale and should go to your rest; but will you siÜK one song to Rick and ino before you -gb P" <. ' S i '! 1 " Yes, certainly, Gregory; if you wish it? I ;« ur ? ?? , *? ' , ^ * . There' was a piano in a recess in the room, arid Berenice !SBt down to it: - i " What shall- I sing F' she asked. " Choose for me," Gregory,;" He went into an adjoining room to search among some music. Berenice played softly, and Ransom sat listening as if lie were in a dream. Nei- ther of them spokes word till Binbian came back. He put a piece of music on the stand before Berenice.. j *? Tve brought you this," be said-*'one ' of my best favourites. It's « little poem we found in an old American magazine, Rick, and she set it to music.'' Berenice sang " What Bhall I do, my dear, In the coming years, I wonder, When oar paths, which lie so sweetly near, Shall lie so far asunder ? # * « # " And how will it bo with yon In this weary world, I wonder ? Will you love me still with a love as iras When our paths lie far asunder P " A sweeper, fad 1er thing My liïe for hft/iDg kno wn yin ; For ere.* my mo*t saciel kin, My soul's soul, I must own you. " For ever mine, my friend,, From June to life's December ; Not mine to have and hold Mine to pay for and remember. " The way is short, my fríen 1, That stretches out before as ; -God's tender heavens abovi us bend, His love is smiling o'er us. " A little while ÍB ours : For sorrow or for laughter. ' I lay the hand you love in yours On the shore of the Hereafter." , Her voice was clear aud true to the end. When she .had finished, she got up from the piano; and Richard rose too, and . went towards lier. , "They ate good words," he said, abrupt- ly and unsteadily. "I-I like ;the song, l shall take the thought of it away wita me. It-it should make me better. Good night." " Good night," she said, and p it lier cold hand once more in his. Binbian followed Ransom oat into the ball. He wanted him to stay longer, but Ransom refused. "Nob to-night, Jo. I'm hot in the mood somehow for talking, and smoking -not settled down yet. Gome rouud to my diggings to-morrow-the old place, vou know- and we'll have a good old yarn." " AU right, Rick. Fll uot bother .you now; but tell me"-Binbian hesitated, with au almost boyish shyness-'* tell me do you think she looks well-looks happy ?" .. ;; ; " Yes," answered Ransom, doggedly. " She looks well, and she looks , happy. You will make her happier yet, Jo." ii, "It's what I pray for," said Binbian fervently. " Ri ¿a, I owe this to you. You f ouud her, and you gave her back to me. God blet-s you for it, Hick. God bless yon for all you've doue for me. It's fool ish sentiment to talk of piyiug with one's life ; but you remember the vow I made, Rick, fiat night we became mates.. If it wanted my lite to pay you, you should have my life, aud thankfully. Goodnight, mat »." ? , . , . The men clasped hands and Richard stepped out into the clear starlit night Biubian stood for a minute and watched him with something of the look .that a f ithor might send after a dearly loved son, over whom his whole heart v;as yearning, but whd, he knew, had some hidden care, to which eren a father's lore could not reach. " He's not the brave, cheery chap ;he used to be-not so full of hope aud eager- ness," murmured Biubian. " There's some trouble on his mind-the trouble, perhaps, a woman could best help him with. Shs shall help him." He went back to his wife. He bad a way of treading softly when be approached her presence. It was a kind reverential impulse, that made him careful even ¡of the jar of a footstep. The door swung back noiselessly, and he saw her standing by the piano, where he had left her, a dazed look on lier face, and her hand pressed to her side as if she were in pain. "Berenice," he cried, "what is tho matter, my dear?" She started at his voice, and tried to smile ; but the smilo died away and was I like the ghost of itself. 1 " Nothing," she said. "I-am-only ¡tired." i Tlie words broke. She stretched out I her hinds in helpless, groping fashion, totterei, and, as he rushed to pnt his arms rouud her, she fell against him in a faiut. 