Ciliiteh XIX.—We Takk a VrtAv ot1 tiIS I IcH. For seven days the gale raged -with uu coimnon violence j it then "broke, iijkI this brought us inter the first week of August, 'The wind fell in the night, and I was awakened by the silence, which you will’not think strange if you consider how used wore my cars to the fierce see thing and strong bellowing of the blast. I lay listening) believing that it hud only veered, anti that it woifhi'eome on' again in-gusts and guns ; but the stillness continued',, and there was no sound whatever having'the* noises of the ice, which broke upon the liir like-slow answers from battfcrics near and distant,, half whose ! cannons have been silenced. I slept again, and when I awoke . it was half-past nftiG o’clock in the morning. The Frenchman was snoring lustily- I wertfc on deck befyro- entering the cook-house,- and had like to have been blinded by the astonish ing brilliance of the sunshine upon the ice and snow.* Ail the wind was gone. The air was exquisitely frosty and sharp. 13ut there was a heavy sound coining from* the sea which gave me to expect the sight of a strong swell. The sky was a clear blue, and there was no cloud on as much of its face us showed betwixt the brows of the slopes, t The schooner was a most wonderful picture of drooping icicles. A move beautiful, and radiant sight you could not{figuru. From every rope, from the yards for ward, from the rails,, from whatever water could run in a stream, hung glorious ice-pendants of. prismatic , splendour. No snow bud fallen to frost the surfaces, and every pendant was as pure and I polished as cut-glass and reflected1 a hundred I brilliant colours. 'TheSviitbr hurled over and' on tho schooner had frozen upon the. rousts, rigging, and decks, and as this ico, -like the the pendants, was very spa rkli ugly bright, it. gave back all the lines of the sunbeam, so that, stepping from tho darkness of the cabin into this effulgent scene, you might easilv have persuaded yourself that before you stood tho fabric of a ship fashioned out of a rainbow. My attention, however, was quickly -with drawn from this shining spectacle by the appearance of the starboard cliff over against our qurater. The whole shoulder of it had broken away, and I could just catch a view of the horizon of the sea from the deck by stretching my figure. Thu sight of the ocean showed mu that the breakage had been prodigious, for to.have come to that prospect before, I should have had to. climb to the height of the main lower miththoad. No other marked or noteworthy change did I detect from the deck ; hut on stepping to the lar board side to peer over I spied a split in the ice that reached from the very margin of the ravine, X mean to that end of it where it terminated in a cliff, to pass the bows of the schooner by at least four times, her own X returned hi the cook-room and went about the old business of lighting tho fire uml preparing the breakfast—this job, by an understanding between the From •liman stud me, falling to him who was first tint of bed— ami in about twenty minutes Tassard arrived. 4 Tiie wind is-gone,’ said ho. * Yes,’ I replied, 4 it is a bright, still morn ing, I have boon on deck. There has been a great fall of ice close to.’ * Does it block us P 1 No, on tho contrary, it clears tho way to the sea; tho ocean is now visible from the deck. Not that it mends our case,’ I added. 4 But there is a great rent in the ice that puts a fancy into my head ; I’ll speak of it later after a closer look.’ The breakfast was ready, and we fell to in a hurry, tho Frenchman gobbling Uko a hog in his eagerness to make an end. When wo were finished ho wrapped himself up in three or four coats and cloaks, warming tho under ones before folding them about him,, and completing his preparations for the excursion by swallowing half a pint of raw brandy, I bade him arm himself with a short-headed spear to save his neck ; and thus equipped we went on deck. He stood stock-still with his eyes shut on emerging through the hatch,1 crying out with a number of French oaths that he bad been struck blind. This I did not believe, though X readily supposed that the glare made his eve halls smart so as to cause him a good deal of agony. Indeed, all along I hud been sur prised that'bo should have found bis sight so easily after having sat in blindness for forty-eight years, and it was not wonderful ibut the amazing brilliance on deck, smiting hi-*,sight on a sudden, should have caused him to cry out as if he had lost the use of his eyes for ever. I waited patiently, and in about ten minutes he was able to look about him, and then it was not long before lie could see with out pain. He stood a minute gazing at the glories upon the rigging, and in that piercing light I noticed the unwholesome colour of his face. His cap hid the scar, and nothing of his countenance was to be seen but the checks, eyes, and nose; he was much more wrinkled than 1 had supposed, and met hough t the spirit of cruelty lay visible in every line, t hud never seen eyes so full of cunning and treachery—so expressive, I should say, of these qualities, yet they were no bigger than mere lmnctures. I was sensible of a momen tary fear of the man—not, let me say, an emotion of cowardice, hut a sort of mixture of alarm and awe, such as a ghost might inspire. This I put down to tho searching light in which I watched him for a moment or two, an irradiation subtle enough to give the sharpest form to expression, to exquisitely define every meaning that was dis tinguishable in his graveyard physiognomy. I left him to stare and judge for himself of the posture in which tho long hard gale had put the schooner, and stepped over to the two nodies. They were shrouded in iee from head i to foot, as though they hud each man been packed in a glass case cunningly wrought to : their shapes. Their faces were hidden by the crystal masks. Tassard joined me. * Small chance for your friends now,’said T, 4 even if you were agreeable to my propo sal to attempt to revive them.’ 4 So 1’ cried lie, touching the body of the mate with his foot ; 4 and this is tho end of the irresistible Trentnnove 1 for what con quests lias Death robbed him so bravely Y i$eo, the colours shine in him like fifty kinds of ribbands. Poor follow ! ho could not curl his iiioustachios now, though the loveliest oses in Europe were fixed in passionate admiration on him. lie’ll iieverslit another throat, nor hiccup Petrarch over u goblet nor remonstrate with me on my immunity. Shall we toss the bodies over tlie side';’ ‘ They are your friends,’ said I; 4 do us ‘ But we must empty their pockets first. Business before .sentiment, Sir. Rodney.’ ; Ho stirred the figure again with his foot. * Well, presently,’ said he, 4 this armour will want the hatchet. Now, my friend, to view the'work of the gale.’ The increased heel of tho ship brought tho larboard fore-channel low, and wo stepped without difficulty from it on tho ice. - The rent or fissure that I have before spoken of went very deep ; it was nearly two feet wide in places, but, though tho light poured brilliantly upon it, I could see no bottom. 4 If only such another split as this would happen toother side,* said tho Frenchman, ‘ I believe.this block would go adrift.’ 4 Well,’ said I, after musing n little whilst I ran my eye over.the hollows, 4 I’ll tell you what was in my mind just now. There is a great quantity of gunpowder in tho: hold ; ten or a dozen barrels. By dropping largo pan*els of* it into tho crevices on the right there, and firing it with .‘•low-matches—’ lie interrupted me with a cry: 4 By S'* Paid, you have it 1 What crevices h*vu We walked briskly round the vcs*d, and all about her beam and starboard j«urter I found, in addition, to tho scams Thau before noticed, many great cracks - and fissures, caused no doubt by the fall of the shoulder oi 'the- Slope. I pushed on farther yet, going down the ravine, as I have called it, nn i T came to the edge ; «“‘I here I looked clown from a height of *owc twelve or fourteen feet—»o greatly hud the tee Mink or been tea itvTiVe'wruther upon the neeen. I cnlie'l tn Tiwetoh Ho iipprouched wuruy. 1 believed he faired I might be tempted to give biin a friendly above over tho edgo. . Observe this hollow,’ said I ; ‘ tho split I there, goes rlntvn-do the Water, and you may take it- tlmt the biotic w wholly disconnected oij that .fidci Now look u# the face of tlio ice,’ Haiti I, pointing ;to.'the sturbonrd or righfcdmwl mdo ; 4 that crack* goes an far an tlm yewd's quarter/ and the' weakness is earned on topnst the bows by the otlier rents. iUr. Tassard, if we could burst this body of ice by an explosion from its moor ing* uhend-of the bowsprit, where it is all too compact, this cradle with the schooner in. it will* go free of the parent body/ He answered promptly, ‘Yes; it is the^jno and only plan. That crack to starboad is like telling- ijh what Co do. It i* well you eamo here. Wo shoukl not have seen it from the top. This- valley runs steep/ You must cx ! poet no more than the Husfnce to- be liberated, 1 lor the foot of tire -eliff will1 go deep*9 41 desire no more/ ‘Will the ship stand-such: a launch, sup-' posing wo bring it-about / tmid &e.; X responded with one of his own- shrugs, anct said, ‘Nothing* is certain; We' luive one of two courses to* choose—to4 ‘ venture this launch, or stay till the ice 'breaks* up, and tako our chance4-- of floating- or of being* smuslied/ * You are right/ he exoluimed 4 Here is an opportunity. ■ If we wait, berg* may gather about this p*int mid-build us im, As to this island dissolving, *we are yet to-know which way ’tis heading. Suppose it sliould bo travelling south, Itey1!1' He struck tlie icc with his spear, and wo toiled up the slippery woks with difliculty to the ship. Wo wahted'/jHist the bows to tlio distance of tho vessel’s -length. Hero were* many dee-ii holes and4 cracks; and ub if wo wero • to ho jtaught11 how1 these oamo ; about, even whilst' wo were Hewing them, an < ear-splitting . crash'1 of"' noise1 happened within .twenty - fathoms-of us^-aTock many . tons i11'weightroll e d over, andJef£ it. bla ck-giilf beliindifc. . ; Tho; Frenchman started,' ’ muttered, - and crossed himself. ‘Holy VirginT* he cried, rolling his eyes. ‘Hot ua' return to tho schooner. .Wo shall be swallowed up here/ I own I was not a littlo terrified myself by tho sudden lotid blast and the thunder of tho uprooted rock, and the: sight-of tho hugo black rent; but I meant to-Hew tho scene* from tlul top,' and to consider how best to dis pose of tho powder in tho cracks,*1 and said,. - ‘There Js nothing to bo done on board; skulking below will not deliver us-or preserve. the treasure. Hero arosovcral fissures big. enough to receivo barrels of gunpower. See, Mr. Tassard, as they stand they cover tho whole width of the hollow.’ : 1 And I xn’oceededto give hiuV my ideas as to lowering, fixing - tho barrels,- :aud tbo like. Ho nodded his head, and said, 4;Yes, very good; ycS; it will do/ and soon; hut was te o seared in his heart, I-believe, to see iny fuU meaning. Ho was perpetually moving, as if he feared tho ice would split under his feet, and his eyes travelled over the face of tho rocks with every manifestation, of alarm, in their expression. I wondered how so poor a creature should ever have hud stomach enough to serve as a pirate; no doubt liis spirit had been enfeebled by bis long sleep ; but then it is also true that 'the greatest bullies and most bloodthirsty rogues piovo themselves despicable curs under conditions which make no demand upon their temper or their lust for plunder. Ho would have returned to tho ship had I encourage-d him, but on seeing me‘ start to climb to the brow he followed. The prospect disappointed me. I had expected to witness a variety of surprising changes, but south ward the scene was scarce altered. It was a, wonderfully fair morning, the sky clear from sea-line to sea-line, and of a very soft blue, the ocean of a liko hue, with a high swell running, that was a majestic undulation even from the height at which I surveyed it. Tho sun stood over tho ice in the north-east, and tho dazzle kept me weeping, so intolerable was the effulgence. Half of the delicate architecture tint had enriched the slopes and surfaces that way was swept down, and ieo lay piled in places to au elevation of many feet, where before it hud been fiat of hollow. However, there was no question but that tho gale had played havoc with the north ex tremity of the island. I counted no les* than twenty bergs floating of the main; and it was quite likely tho sea was crowded beyond, though my sight could not travel so far. However, when X came to look close, and to recollect the features of the shore as they showed when I first landed, I found some vital changes near at hand. Where my haven, had been the ice had given way and left a gup half a mile broild and a hundred feet deep, The fall on the schooner’s starboard quarter was very heavy, and the ice was split in all directions; anil in parts was to loose that a point of did' hard upon the sea locked with the swell. When Tassard came to a stand he looked about him worth and south, shading his eves with his hand, and then 'swearing very "savagely in French, he cried out in EuirlUli, freely employing oaths as lie spoke— * \\\rJiy, here's as much ice as theru was before 1 fell asleep ! See -yonderpointing to tlie south. • It dies out in the distance. If it does not join the pole there, may tho devil risu before me as I speak. T1 milder and fury ! X hud hoped to sou it shrivelled to an ordinary berg V 4 Wiiut! in u week/ cried I, as if I be lieved his stupor had not lasted longer. lie returned no answer, and gaped about him full of eoustarnation and passion. I * And are we to wait for our doliverunco till this continent breaks up!1 he bawled. 4 The day of judgment will be a thing of tho past by that time. Travelling north ! ’silcath !’ he roared, his mouth full of^thepx plutivcs of his day, French and English. 4 Who but a madman could suppose that this ice is not ns fixed as tho antarctic circle to which it is moored.' Why, six months ago it was no bigger than it is now 1’ And ho sent a furious, terrified gaze, into the white soli tudes vanishing in azure faintness in tho south-west, Xt was not a thing to reason upon. I was as much disappointed as he by trilling changes the gale hud made, and my heart felt very heavy at the sight of the great field disap pearing in the south. The bergs in tho north signified little. It is true they indi cated demolition, but demolition so slow as to be worthless to us. It was not to be ques tioned that the island was proceeding north, but at what rateHere, perhaps, might be a frozen crescent of forty or fifty leagues; and at what speed, appreciable enough to bo of tho least consequence to our calculations, sliould such a body travel Y I looked at the. Frenchman. 4 This must decide us !’ said I. 4 We must fix on one of two courses—endeavour to launch the ship by blowing up the ieo, or I turn to and rig up the best arraiigmeut wo . can contrive and put to sea/ 4 Yes,’ lie answered, scowling as bo darted ! his enraged eyes over the ice. 4 Better set a ! slow-match in the magazine and drink our , selves senseless, and. so blow ourselves to hell, than linger here in tho hope that this continent will dissolve and release us. Where's Mendoza’s body I"’ I stared about me,ami.then pointing to tho huge gap the ice had.made, answered, ‘ It was there. Where it is now I know not/ He shrugged his shoulders, took another Hew of the ice mid the ocean, and then cried impatiently, ‘Let- us return 1 tho powder barrels must lave tho first cliauco.* And ho made for the schooner, savagely striking tbu icc with his spear and growling -curses to himself a sheploughed a ml climbed and jumped his way uloag. 