SECRET SOCIETY SECRETS. Wife (11.30 p.m.) : What's that horrid odor P Smells like alcohol. Husband : Y-o-s, my dear, we use alcohol at the lodce for initiation. Take some alcohol, light it, put salt in the flame, and it gives a ghastly yellow light; makes folks look like ghosts, you know. But that odor comes from your breath. Y-e-s, m' dear; in the 37th degreo I personate the chief demon with flames coming from my mouth. I take a mouth ful of alcohol and a swallow of salt, and then set fire to it. But, m' ctoar, you musn't tell these things. Secret o'oiety secrets very saored, you know. it wasn't a failure in her case. Mrs. Almont, aie you taking any interest in the disoussion, "Is Marriage a Failure f" Yes, indeed, and I have decided opinions in the matter. Pro or con P Well, I would hardly like to go that far, though I am a firm believer m mar riage. H&s; it been so much of a blessing in your ease ? . _ Has it ? Why, before marriage actually suffered for the necessaries of life, never having a penny unless I asked papa for it. And now? ' ' . ... . Now, if I. see any thing I want I buy it, and have it charged. But isn't your husband something of an incumbrance P . Not so much as before our marriflgo. Then he was hanging around me con stantly, swearing his undying love, and all that sort of thing. Now I rarely see him except at table, and, instead of swoar- ing about his love, he swears because of the weak coffee and overdone steak. Indeed, marriage has done much for me." . FiiBt Russian Subject : In a recent rail way accident the Czar's dog was killed, but the Czar escaped. Shall wo look glad or sorry m publio? Second Subject: If wo look glad, the police will say it is be- -cbubg the Czar's fnvorite dog was killed ; if we look soiry, they will say it is because it was the. dog aud not the C.zai that was Killed. Either way wo aro lost. See you later in Siberia. After I vlittB seek ou dor bed I nan look pack and Eee shunt where I shouldn't bat' : done dot vbay. After I vb is well again I can sec noltings. 