«\jiie()' Three. " BOOK II.- -THE THREE CHIL- DREN. BY VICTOR HUGO. " And perhaps futurity also," said Gauvain ; then he paused and continued, 'In this matter, master, you err. 1 do not accuse anyone ; according to rue, the true point upon which to look at the devolution is its irresponsibility. No man is innocent, and no one is guilty. Louis XVI. was a sheep thrown amongst lions. He wished to escape, to bave himself ; he endeavoured to defend himself ; he would have bitten had he been able. But every one cannot be a lion. His very folly is looked upon as a crime. Filled with rage, the sheep tries to show his teeth. ' The traitor !' cry the lions, then they eat him, and afterwards begin to tight among themselves.' ' The sheep is a mere brute.' ' And the lions, what are they ?' This answer made Cimourdain think for a moment ; then he lifted up his head, and answered, ' Lions are consciences, lions are ideas, lions are principles.' « They created the Terror.' ' One day the Revolution will be the justification of the Terror.' * Fear rather that the terror will become the libel of the Revolution ! Liberty, Equality, and Fraternity, these are the dogmas of peace and harmony. Why give them a hideous aspect 1 What is our object ? To win people to a universal republic? Well, do not let us frighten them. What good is there in causing them alarm ? The people are not attracted by a " scarecrow any more than the birds. We must not do evil that good may come of it. We do not overthrow the throne to raise up the scaffold. Death to kings, but life to nations. Cast down the crowns, but spare the heads. Revolution is concord, not terror. Gentle policy cannot be carried out by men of harsh ideas. Mercy is the most beautiful word in the human language. I only wish to spill blood when I risk my own in doing so. After all, I only know how to fight, my trade is that of a soldier. But if we cannot be merciful it takes away all the pleasure of being victorious. Let us be in battle the enemy of our opponent, and in victory their brothers.' ' Take care !' repeated Cimourdain for the third time, ' Take care, Gauvain, you are more to me than a son.' Then in a melancholy voice he added, In thege times, clemency may be another form of treason.' To hear these two men conversing was like listening to a dialogue between a sword and an axe. CHAPTER VIII. MATER DOLOROSA. MEANWHILE the mother was in search of her children. bbe went on straight in front. How did she continue to exist ? It was impossible to say. She herself did not know. She walked on night and day, she begged, she fed on herbs, she lay on the bare earth, she slept in the open air, sometimes crouched in the brushwood, sometimes under the stars, sometimes exposed to wind and rain. She wandered from village to village, and from farm to farm, trying to gather information. She stopped on the threshold of the cottages. Her dress was all tattered and torn. Sometimes the peasants were kind to her, sometimes they drove her away. When they would not receive her in their houses she took refuge in the woods. She did not know the country, she was ignorant of every part, except Siscoignard and the parish of Azè ; she had no fixed route, she often turned round, and retraversed ground that she had before gone over, giving herself useless trouble. She walked sometimes along the main roads, sometimes through the lanes «ut up by deep ruts from cart-wheele, ometimes through the paths in the woods. In all her purposeless wanderings she had worn out her miserable clothes. First she had had shoes, but when these were worn out she walked bare-footed, her feet too often torn and bleeding. She passed through the ! places where fighting was going on, ! through the hail of bullets, hearing i nothing, seeing nothing, endeavouring to avoid nothing, only seeking for her children. All was in disorder, there were no constables, no magistrates, no one in authority. She could only glean information from chance passersby. She spoke to every one and asked, ' Have you seen three little chi dren anywhere?' The peasants would look up and she would go on, * Two boys, and a girl. René-Jean, Gros Alain, and Georgette.' Then she would add, 'The eldest was four and-a-half years old, the youngest twenty months, do you know where they are ? they have taken them from me.' They stared at her, but that was all. Seeing that they did not understand her, she said, ' These are mine, do you see ; that is why I am looking for them.' The peasants went on their way ; then she would stop, and would silently press her nails into her flesh. One day, however, a peasant listened to what she said. The man began to reflect. ' Wait now,' said he ; three children?', < Yes.' ' « Two boys V ' And a girl.' • You are searching for them V • Yes.' ' I heard some talk of a lord having taken away three little children which he had with him.' •Where is the man?' cried she. • where are they V 1 At La Tourge,' answered the man. « Shall I find my children there ?' ' Perhaps there is a chance of so doing.' ' What is La Tourge ' It is a place.' • Is it a village, a castle, or a farm ?' ' I have never been there.' « IB it far off ?' • It is not near.' • In which direction ' Towards Fougère*.' ' Which is the road to it ?' , STou are at Ventortes now,' answered the peasant. ' You must leave Ernée on the left, and Coxelles on the right ; you will pass Lorchamps, and cross the Leroux ;' and, raising his hand, the man pointed to the west. ' Go on, keep straight ahead to where the sun sets.' Before his arm had again fallen to his side, whe had started off. Ihe marf called after her. ' But take care of yourself, for they are fighting there.' She never turned round to answer him, but continued her route. CHAPTER IX. LA TOURGUE. FORTY years back the travellers who entered the Forest of Fougères, by the side of Laignelet, and left it by Parignć, was met on the borders of the grand old wood by a sinister object. As he emerged from the copses, La Tourgue rose atruptly before him. Not the living La Tourgue, but the dead one. The cracked, battered, seamed, and dismantled La Tourgue. An edifice in ruins is as much its ghost, as a spectre is of an old man. No more melancholy vision could strike the eye than La Tourgue presented. What was offered to the eye of the traveller was a lofty circular tower, standing alone at the corner of the wood like a criminal. The tower, placed on a perpendicular rock, was so hard looking and solid, that it resembled a bit of Roman architecture, and the frowning mass gave an idea of strength even amidst its ruin. It was to a certain extent Roman, since it was Romanic. Commenced in the ninth century, it had been completed in the twelfth, after the third crusade., The ornamented work showed its age pretty clearly. On ascending the rock upon which it was situated, a large breach in the wall became visible. On entering it, you found yourself in the tower which was quite empty, and looked like the inside of a huge stone trumpet set upright in the ground. There were no ceilings or partitions the whole way up, there were the empty ; spaces from which the arches and : fireplaces bad been torn away, and at . different heigh îs stone brackets and j transverse lieams showed the spots i where the floors of the different storys : had been ; these beams were covered with the droppings of night birds. The walls were fifteen feet thick at the base, and twelve at the top ; here an«l doors had formerly existed, and through which dim glimpses of staircases in the thickness of the wall could be seen. The traveller passing by there in the evening could hear the hooting of the forest owl, and the cry of the Brittany heron ; beneath his feet were stones, brambles, and reptiles, and above his head, through a black ; circle which looked like the mouth of some gigantic well, a glimpse could he caught of the stars. In the neighbourhood there was a tradition that, in the upper story of the tower, there were secret doors, made, like the doors of the tombs of the king? of Judah, of large stones turning on pivots, opening and then shutting, and forming part of the wall,—an architectural trick brought over by the Orusaders together with the Saracenic arch. When these doors were closed it was impossible to discover them, so exactly did they resemble the rest of the wall. Similar doors can now be seen in the niysterious cities of Anti- Liban, which escaped the fate of the twelve cities destroyed by an earthquake under Tiberius. CHAPTER X. TUE HUKACH. THE broach by which an entrance 'j could be effected into the ruin was the wi rk of a mine. For a person acquainted with Errard, Sardi, and Pagan, this mine had been skilfully constructed. The receptacle for the powder had been in the shape of a bishop's mitre, and was in size proportionate to the tower which it was to destroy. It must have contained at least two hundred-weight of powder. The hole through which powder was reached was serpentine, which is more efficacious than a straight one. The destruction caused by the springing of the mine had left the saucisson bare, which was* of the proper diameter, namely of a hen's egg. The explosion had made a deep fissure in the wall, by which the besiegers had made an entrance. The tower had evidently at different times been besieged in due form. It was riddled with bullets, and these bullets were of different epochs. Each ball has its own way of marking a wall, and each had left its scar upon the tower, from the stone balls of the twelfth century, to the iron ones of the eighteenth. Through the breach you entered upon what had originally been the ground floor. In the wall of the tower directly facing the breach, there was the entrance to a crypt, excavated out of the solid rock, and extending under the whole of the tower. This crypt, which was about three parts filled up, was cleared out in 1835, under the superintendence of M. Auguste Le Prévost, antiquary of Bernay. * » CHAPTER XI. THE OUBLIETTE. THIS crypt was the oubliette. Every feudal castle had one. This crypt, like many of the dungeon cells of that period, had an upper and a lower floor. The upper floor, which was entered by the gateway, was large vaulted chamber, on a level with the ground floor. On the partition walls aould be seen two parallel and two vertical furrows, stretching from one side of the chamber to the other, and in which they had left deep ruts like the tracks of wheels. They were such, in fact. These two furrows had been hollowed out by two wheels. In former days it was in this chamber that the punishment of quartering was carried on in a less noisy way than when performed by four horses. There were two strong wheels, so tall that they reached the roof, to each of these wheels the arm and leg of the victim was hound, and when the wheels were turned the reverse ways the man was torn in pieces. This required a certain amount of force, hence the ruts hollowed out of the stone by the wheels as they grated against it. A similar room can.be T s a t t h l a s f s ' seen now at Vianden. Below this chamber was another, a regular oubliette. There was no door to this, tiie entrance was through a hole. The victim, entirely deluded of clothing, , was let down by • a cord under his . armpits into the lower chamber | through a 6ort of loophole cut out of j the pavement ot the upper chamber. in living, they threw his food to him through this hole. A hole of this kind tan still be seen at Boulilon. ; Through this hole air came. The lower IOOIU hollowed out beneath the i ground fl >ur was more a well than a dungeon ; its floor was covered with ! water, and an icy blast Bwept through it. This wiud which caused the prisoner beneath to perish, gave life to j the one above, as it rendered the | atmosphere of the upper cell fit to be ' breathed. The prisoner above groping about only got his air through this ; hole. Anyone who once entered or fell into the lofrer one uever came out again alive. It was for the prisoner to look out that he aid not fall in. A single false step might change him from a prisoner in the upper to a prisoner in the lower dungeon. That was his business. If he had a desire for life, this hole was & source of danger ; if he wished to be rid of it, tliis hole WHS U means of doing so. The upper floor was the dungeon, the lower the tomb This wns emblematical of society at that period. It was what was termed by our ancestors ' A depth beneath the moat.' The actual thing has disappeared and tlie name has now no meaning for us. Thanks to the work of the Revolution, we can norç hear such names spoken with indifference. Outside the tower, above the breach, which forty years ago was the only means of entrance, was an opening in the wall larger than the other loophole*, from which hung an iron gruting, bent, and out of ordei. CHAPTER XII. THE CABTLK AND THE BRIDGE. FROM the tower, on the opposite side to where the breach was, sprang a stone bridge, with three slightly damaged nrclies. This bridge had formerly been covered in by a building of which some fragments still remain. It had evidently been destroyed by fire, and only some few portions of the framework were left,—a sort of blackened skeleton, through which the light passed, looking like a figure of death beside a phantom. This ruin is now utterly demolished, and not a trace of it remains. That which it took many years and the reigns of many kings to erect, was destroyed in one day by a single peasant. La Tourge, in the peasant dialect, is an abbreviation which means Tour Gauvain, as La Jupelle stands for Jupelliére, and Pinson le Tort, the nickname of a haunch-backed leader, is put for Pinson le Tortu. La Tourge, which forty years ago was a ruin, and to-day is but a recollection, was in 1793 a strong fortress. It was the old stronghold of the Gauvains, which guarded the western side of the forest of Fougères—a forest which is now hardly worth the name of ł a wood. This citadel had been built on one of those huge masses of slate rock which abound between Mayenne and Dinan, and which are scattered about everywhere among the thickets and brushwood, as though the Titans had hurled them at each other i u warfare. The tower was the centre fortress, beneath the tower wns the rock, at the foot of the rock a stream, which in January is a torrent, and which in June is a dry, pebbly bed. Thus guarded, . this stronghold was, in the Middle Ages, nearly imprégna oie. The bridge was a weak point in it. The Gothic Gauvain«t had built it without a bridge. hey used to enter it by one of those winging bridges which a* blow of an xe sufficed to destroy. As long as he Gauvains were only viscounts, his was quite good enough for them ; ut when they became marquises, and eft the cavern for the court, they flung bridge with three arches across the tream, and made themeelves accessible rom the plain, as they had made themelves accessible to the filing. (To be Continued.) 