i~ ottg " c'ýto t .... " el',",. .: Aivwake I ArIse!' Orbb for ever fille'! -MILoON.. FRID?AY, -DBOEOMBER, 20, 1889. IN- our- isue of last' week there p peared the speech on "F dicration." delivered by Sie' Henry Parkes. ,It. seems' ratbler. 'a singular "coincidoenee that the Premier of New South Wales, just as the House met, directly after the. delivery of the Treasurer's statement, and in the face of a want of confidence motion,could find thetime to complywith the mayor-of Albury's request, and travel to the border to give forth an oration on "Federation." Ono naturally ask, What has.prompted SirI eirwy Parkes to, appear on'the platform. and, take so publicly such active steps for. the furtlherasce of the cause of Fbederation I We have no wish .toprobe Sir.Henry's motives. ;But our firm conviction is that his sudden desire !to father5.the scheme,' and.lhis great: iiiivtb'p ose' as the champion.of Federation, is not so disinterested- a move as he wouldi hlave the coloieies- suppose. Does' he see in the sky of New South Walese politics the cloud of protection inbreasing'to such proportions that hle must prepare his plans, or else be for ever over whelmed 1, Does lhe not,clearly trace how i?nnistaklably the principles of pro tection are gaining ground in Now South Wales, but to retain his position na Premier: are not his tactics such as will makelthl' electors believe that'it`is his duty to.give a protectionist.policy atriall But how to do it nicely, how to veer Iroutid' and. espouse' its 'caise, is no doubt testinig the strongest ener gies of Sir Henry ps a tactician. Ho well know's'that the eiqual.abli?ice of perties in the New South Wales As sembly is.a disadvanitage. lHe is not Llind to the fact that protection will shortly be the settled policy of tlhe colony. He imust show that le lnhas been forced to adopt it from the action of the other colonies, and.henco-lie will in a-short time advocate the formation of a strong coalition Ministry, and hail himself as the saviou', of 'the dolhny. \Ve leave our. friendsnioross the border to follow these thboughts up. All who listened to. Sir Henry's speech muust admit that it was an effort to, tickle the ear' of hiis auldience; with: easy flowing word?in .fact, a 'tissuio of ploasiug platitudes-but it wanted the- real grit: of, a statosniau'as utter ance, and was. a complete failure so far as a.practical view of federation is con; corned He floated a. gaudy spangled balloon,.which completely collapsed, the momenit tho pii .of criiticism wa'srii-" It.seeis to. have suddenly dawned. oi "Sir H inry that the: preseint june ture was most fitting for federntion, becausoas-l he observed, the -colonies had "proved' their-- fitness. to. govern themseolves. Haveo recent events then been so. narked? that our fitness.to govern was undiscovered when the Federal Council was foirmed l Was the time not as ripe then as now i1 Cer tainly it w~is.. Butt Sict; Henry, like a spoilt child,.moodily. slunk, asido and pettisily refused a helping hand. He has now been. endeavoring to come out of his political sulks,. and he will feel hiiself in. botter humor as soon as he cai advertisd himself the champion of Federation. We will overlook his frailties and pamper his pride' if hlie will only come forward,.and in a states ounaulilkomnann erae estri thewcoloni®s iti, federating. Tlieir influeice5.their coin-. meorce,. and their- large financial tran sactions, all point to, the great advan tagetliat would' b gained. , In his- speech Sir Heanry. carefully avoided mentitoen of ,the inost simpor talit ditficulty. One would natiurally presume tliat:tlhe customs tariffs would reieive special attentioni, but this 'ques tion was either studiously. left alone for political reasons' on bcaucsoe hie felt himself 'iicapablo of grappling with it.. Our own opinion is that this is a ques tionlthat could be ;easily settled, -If a feun practical b-usiness men fromn Sydlsoy and Melbourne ansci the lead ing ones from the bordl?r'towins inst:as. a coilvontiqn, the, tariff'question could soon be settled;. and the Murray be couiio'untrammelled by custom oflicers, and its ,trade as free as- that of the Yarra 'or Parramatta.. New South. Wales could well' affdid; itit s free trade proclivities, to remove:theo duties 'on certain gdods at present free in,Vic toria,, and. substitute three or four "ad valorem." ones, and Victoria could ;yield a little without altering-its policy of protection. If the speech; of Mr C. L.. Griffillth had been fully reported, the people-of the two colbnies:would have read: the :practical remarks 0of-a Ibusiness man, and the .short speech he delivered showed mcore cbmlnoi sense and more ground.to base a federal com bination than.. the-. nicely-rounded, .empty-sounding phrases of Sir-Henry.. .- Now that Federation is.permeating the pilitical atmosphere, we would suggest a few lines on which the cur rent of tlhouglhtslhoi?lbeodirected--~ 1\. .The adjpstnient,oft hoeCutoma.tariffs. to- enablo freo traffic over thoe borders I 2\. The abolition of. the differential rail way rates- ..., . .-,--. .. \- 3 The uniformity- in, the- laws relating to, 'shipping, crime, and- their enforcement .4. One supreme and final Australian Court of Appeal 5\. One Governor • General (abollahing Governors.for.each colony). . 6\. An elected President fore'ach.coloniy -7. A FedoralGovermneent . 8\. One navy and, fleet 9\. One leading university.. - We. earnestly .desire that tlhese do-. tail? will be. studied, not only by the statesmien 'dof the differeit? colonies, but 'byall reasonable and thinking colonists. BE?Aim its cares and its sins,,its goods and its joys, the year is;whirling away 'c it is wont. Our Christmas is on us; our friends are coming to see us,,or we are going.to see them; our- forests have been preparing for our visitors for months; and..our. rivers are sunning tlhemselves, patiently .awaiting; those who love them. 'It is a joytime.. The year is glad, although near todeath.. The people are glad, for relaxation and repose are beckoning. The world is glad, for-is not thisits red-letter time - this diay of its Noblest Frioeid's visit But while we rest, or while we enjoy, or.whilo.we worship, we must never forget that there are those who never rest, who never, enjoy,,and.thdit.!'.Life is' labor and work is prayer." O! those Andes of- apprehension, how they. .must cisli thidose poor brethren of ours toiling away in. distant London for the miserable.crust, that sixpence an hour can bring them.and their familiesl (We hear someone say, '' They dao it voluntarily." Yes,, friend,, they db.it voluntarily, "be Iauso they have to.") Anid those friends of disease that stalk unchecked. .overywvhore, ..tho -typhoid. demon, and the Mololih tlCiit murders the millions of children, and all or nearly ;all prosentiabl:- BAnidi:thcgood. causes in every city in the iv'old lhii guishing for lack of'arssistancei,and the bad; ones flourishing foa-eackof 'sppersl Theo.social. evils.. and: the cancers of selfishness eating out the nation's heart, thle-\astinequality- between-- /men and iisui'ivei?ius tlhis favored land, thel ten donecy .to atuskoyisn' too often betrcayed, the position of women the unsatis fictorjr s'titi of .thq'g lIslalqufistfon, are all ghosts that must haunt even our .Ohristmasjoys, andt compel any of us that have souls loft.to .feel with the poettthat lbo or slihj, too, li-es --':" : ;'i For th cause' that lacks saietanco - Por the wrong that.needs resistance, , \- -For thibdawning in the isstante, " : - And thel goodithat I can do " , : - " When that" dawning" turns to sun-. rise, then, but not till theni will the truest Christinasappear. Timo.great God-man would not seek to have his uirthday honored ?·iy a mero point in the turninojof -thle circle of tIhe year. Some people tell us that in Heaven. there will be no time, age being measi~uiedcby ddeds. The noblest, meekest birthday of Jesus is that day when a great. deed is done fdr that humanity Is so loved, Put eighteen hundred Christmases ine one scale; aimd the Einan~iption ...bf. "the asla?s ,of America or: the serfs Iof Ru'ssia .into the other, and `which,: think you, God would choosel lEvery, good deed done by higliest 'or:by b lowest is a telegrain of'congratulation to .Jesus on his hav ing attained another birthday. Think not we disparage our smilin ngClristmas out of court altogether. ?It is n'iioble institution, were, it only for giving' a, holiday or two.to. the weary, gas-stified shop.assistanti or' onmblinig a long-parted son tosee his mother for a femw.loxtis It is the levee time of .Mother, Nature too, and, in this country as. yet, the contrast of' its joys do, notb show too painfully against the: black woes of too many of the dwellers in colder climes,, which we liave.ties with. Law makers.interfere? wvitli so many things now-a-days that. they miglit indeed do. wbrse than. decree. that. Christmas should. be kept up.twvo or three times'a year. But many though its virtues may be, extending from. grand.intonings in rast cathedrals to: the joyous laugh of the horseman on theivelvet-plain, from, new boots to plum. pudding, it must not be allowed" to. hide. the fhct that there is. due to, the. world' 'a grand Christmas Day, wa en.men.ahalljoin.to-. gether in an, uidiidedfamily, whidei there shall, be none who need' to re niain contented with,the drumbs from. their, masters' tables. The age, of mastee,.of- rulers, of tyrants .of every descriptioi,' fromi, the- Czar to the sweater, is passing, must pass away, but it is only by acting up:to,tle noble Gospetl. of Work,.:as preached by St. Carlylo. St. Goethe;. St.. Whitman, and'othors such'.ethat itcan;-pass away and allow the granid: panorama of the Age of M~in to unroll. beforethe world; Let the churches' work, ..for,.Oh.the. himan. heart is: in, need of consolation, iti need of hope, in, this blackness of doubt. Let those who are against the churches work",for'the " skirts of Fred doe." need farther widening yet. .Let the Conservative work, for he must pre serve the goodil et:tho'Radcahworki for he must dastroy' the bad.- Lot the reactionary: work;.; he is the needed brake on. the sometimes too swift wheels of Progress. Andt the faddist work: too- he is so. earnest abodt it that the truthlin his fad ivill' heli tlhe leaven.of a, better world, while any evil will soon kill itself. It is:wondeor fdl' how little serves? to'keep Progreis mnoving.. The farmer .who . gets. his soil analysed to. see if the constituents of wheat are init is. a soldier of civili sation0,and.the employer wloboffelrs his workmer' a. proportionate share inihis profits, whlilb doubly benefitting himself thereby,, is a powerful leader of a class destroying- army.' This, is the time to spread. these thoughts: When glad ness is around' us, and we think seriously, the thoughts are the more firmly imprinted. ; This is the Pythian season,.too, of Ausbralia,,theCup.tinme being perhaps the Olympic. At tlhi .Pythia festivals eore whirled'throuigh Greece the thouglhs 'that. burned and the emotions that 'aroued ovoreyheart to whatof .united; action .was possible there. Soc let: this Christmas' sea8on arouse, in our young Australian readers at any rate; and in every other' older heart,that responds, .,the. burning hope that shall nt. be denied fulfilment and the unselfish action:thlat, shall cicatrize wdrld-sores:.--.' ' !' Come forth i ,nyour myriads, come forth every one l.. - . Come, youths in your vigor, come men in yourprime,, Come, age with exporience, fresh gathercd from time; ,' ': - Come, workers, youlre welcome; come thinkers,.you must, Come, thick saathe:cloude of midsummer dust.. . ' There's a word; to-be spoken, a, deed to be.done, Atruth to be uttered; a cause to be won." Yes, let.us alli come forth; let iusall do our level, best inour own. ciroles or elsewhere.., Whatever ,ourhands find, to do, let ds doit' with our mighit; and it will not be-so,longhbefore the trum pet of Time shall hail the world; as wresitieerelydb. our readers todiay, i "A MIERRy CHRmeusAS.and aIlAPPY F1ew YEAR."' iThe:. promoters of the. proposed W-o-. donga and Upper Murray Building and Inrestment Society, have secured the ser vices of Mr R. J Jones,. of Melbourne,; as. canvasser for. the. venture, and. that gentleman has already, entered upon. his duties. He has during the week made'a vigbrous canvass' of the town, and his success has.exceeded! the most sanguine 'expectations, nearly £P000' worth of 'shares having beenplaced since Monday last. Mr.Jones will in' a.few days. visit theeoutlying' centres of population,. w:ith a:view to disposing of the balance.of the -shaos.--It is confidently antioipatod that there wilb he; little,..difllculty.:in;.estab lishing the society en a sound basis. 'Simuilar institutionahaveinvariablyproved profitable investments in these colonies, and-'Mr J.ones,. who -has had' considerable experience in their working, considers there is, no.bottor fieldl than WVdonga for the operations of a building society. \We::regro?, owiing to. pressur?eon our space,, that we are unable to fully report the Church. of England concert, which was held in the Prince of WVales' Hall on Fride eveolong "last. "There.' was,. as usual, some now talent, which, together with, best local amateurs, made up-a really good musical evening. Thereo.was a fairly good audienco, TIhe following ladiesand .gentlementook part in the evening's on tortainment:---Mesdames O. E:. Campbell, Downes, Misses MIacketh (2), M'Keo (2); Mey. Street, M:'Laughlin, Solomon, and Hoesasioe 'M'Lean,"' a'nd Measrs 'Vipan, Blanehflower, and Rev. E?. Tbnkin. The .cliar was taken by the Rev.A. J.Drewett. 'A nmeeting dof thae; Widonga Jockeyl Ctinb was held at Hillier's hotel on Wed nesday evening, there being present Mr T.: Johnston (chair) Hillier, 8.,Mason, Leighton, Edmondson, Kyle, Wigg, Allen, Murphy, O.E Campbell, and the sere try (MrJ. Bambriek). Final payments were received for the Wodonga Handicap, Publicans' Purse, and Hurdle Race, and nominations came to hand for the other events to be decided on Boxing 'Day,' which, with the handicaps, will be found in another column. ,A-eCiv,was the caUse of'somlo litigation at, tintl"Wadonga Polie&' Court?s'yeiteeday. T:, [: Edwards lued : W..0: 'M'Falrla?io forilairi.g a cow in his p?osession sup tposedito be stolen. Plaintiff'6laimed the boast as his property.: H 'lhd list hl?er aiglitgen inoitlhs ago, and, when describ ing her one dday defendant remarked that there was u beist of that description in. Iis paddock. On going to the paddock witih defeuidant, ideutilld tho boast" ,,Do: fondantt .,hasidedr.the:.bendolh. a 'raceipt,' dated 23rd ? eoenbdr,'1888, showing that e.lhad.bought thobeast witlh asnumber of others in Messrs Dougharty, Son,. and Parker's: yards. The Beeclh made. an order for the restoration, of the-animnal to plaintiff:' T; IH Parker was then.charged with not correctly' inserting, all particu lars regarding that beast in the registry at his office, Mr Edmondson appeared. for the defendant. .,.Tho.'offouce. wass not deniedi. but evidence wras tendered' hby J. G. Shields and H. J. Plant to, slow that.tho omission; was an oversight oethe part of the lattor,who 'was aclork'in, do. fendantu s office, and' that there.was.no,in toentional' concealien?t. Thee. Benoll, which consisted of Meesrs '.. Hill, T. Johnston, and W.' EE. Moulder,. .P,.in flicted a.nominal fine, of 10s. Two other prosecutions. arising, out' tof the, same animrl were postponed. ti.0th;Janusry,. Our Dark River correspondent writes:- "'Hilnisig maetters are in,rathsera fnlurish ieg condition. ,'Tho following returns for the 'last, few., nainthsj the; result. of. thes labors .of' a few' ion,: are, most satisfao tory:-Jesa kina. and: party, crushed 35 tons of stone for7loz 18dwt ot gold;(from' the old, Dark River shaft); Spargo and party, 30 tons, for 8Ooz; OGw and Sons, .15 tons for70oz; Ryan,.. 13,tons for eioz; Williams, 10 tons. for' 32oz; Costin and Sons, La Meascotte, 75fi, tons for 7.5oz; Po! mnear, 20 tons for 17cz,' beieg'tho rejected stone of a previous crushing thal:returned, 30s to the ton, and:was consigned to.thl mulleok: heap.' and 'repackod: 'The total is 300oz 38dwt, valued at over £1000. Those returns will compare .favorably withan. district ii. Victoria in proper-. tion to population engaged theoron.?" Messrs Jolenton (chairman); MI'Lean, Peoples, Pfeiffer, Leighton, Pemborton, aind . Taylodr. (secretary), .attendel ' the athletic sports meeting at Allen's. hotel on Tuesday evening. A letter was.real from the secretary: of the W\donga. Jockey Club, grantits the use of the racecourse for the sports. Mossrs..Peoples, Pomber ton, G. Clarke, and W. Hill wore ap pointed a working committee, and 3fesars 'Politberton,. Pepples, and, the secretary wore.uinthorised to canvass fordonations.:. It ·was resolved to submit the booth- and fruit and rofresliia ent stalls to public auction on Friday, 10th January.' Tile next meeting will be held' at Johnston's hot~el on Tueosdhy: ~ viling, 14th January. ''In our advertisingcolumnswivill be found the handicaps' for tie Bothanga Handicap, to be run for at the New Year's Day Sports. .TTho. handicappera desire ,us:to mentioti that some of.thl competitors did; 'not clearly state their performaneooaand' aleo failed to give other information which wou'iloihvoematerially assisted them. 'Our Gundowring.correspondent's letter is unavoidably. hold eve n .?: The Boechworth Court of Assice was opened on Wednesday morning before the iChief Justiceo. There were five caies on tlie criminal calendar,' thei civil liettbeing postponed until the: next court, owing to the 'limlited time at'.tho disposal'of his Honer. Alexander. Rpbort Johnson, presented:oittwo, counts o..f forgory.ind uttering.at Euroai, pleaded guilty to the latter offence,tlhe plea..being accepted by the Crown; - Tiei prosecution of William Scott, for a. crinlinalassault atNumurkah, was.aband'onesd theOCrown law authorities 'being satisfied, that the offence was not committed bytthe prisoner,.but.byaiiotliier man, who lhs up to the presentf eluded detection.. Harry Richmond Danforth was found guilty on two chlarges of obtaining money by meanse of valueless cheques. Thoesa Flanagan -was- convicted. of. for gory and uttering at Boechworth, he hav induced d' boy to.sign the name-of Nilho lans Temby, of 'lackandandah, to.a.cheque filled'in by him (tile prieouer), Messrs J. W. Thwaites. and Co. 'will 'hold their next sale at Tallangatta on ,M onday, 6th.January., . ..... ....._.. .. We regret to learn, that. 'Mr Jt W. 'Thwaitos, the. principalof tihe newly-ea tablished firm ofJ. \V. Thwaites and Co., stock and Istation agents,- 'talldiuiitta, is suffering. from. rheumatic fovere No serious resultsaroe.happily anticipated.' S-Thwosork oferectii'ngth dla'rg rerilway bridge across the' Mittas was. started on Friday last, when the first stay- pile was driven.: ..The occasion v.as.marked withl.. little ceremoi?y. Tihe contras" is iti the lhands of Lister and Co., of Heathooto, and Is an extensive work. It is expected 'to take twelvd teionths tdcoinplbte. Meiirs Tlornton.,and -:,Ci. tlhe; contractord,'aro. making good headway with tie 'other portions of the line. 