Political and Social Letter. [From our Special Correspondent.! ' \- ..?-:-:"" . , ? , \ SYDNEY, SATURDAY EVENING. I THE Deficit removal proposals of the TBEASOEEB have , ended in what may be. justly desoribed as a wretched fizzle. The original scheme of Mr. I M'MILLAN, as-your readers are aware, was to wipe ont the deficit by selling a large quantity of I suburban lands-meaning thereby, lands in the vicinity of Sydney. But this scheme was stoutly opposed by most of the politicians, and by a large number of the Free-traders in the metropolis who are engaged in commerce. The latter have specu- lated largely in suburban lands, and most of them speculated unwisely, for they cannot dispose of their purchases for anything like the money they gave for them ; and th?y argued very sensibly that if the Government threw a large area of suburban | land into the market the effect would be to increase the difficulty pf their getting out of their specula- tions with a profit. Their protests carried weight with the Ministry, and so the land-selling project was abandoned. The conception of that scheme having exhausted Mr. M'Millan's power of inven- tion, he was compelled to fall back on the ancient device of Treasury Bills, to be redeemed as they became due out of surplus revenue, and accordingly on Tnesday evening he proposed that. By. the Opposition it was received with a shriek" of ridicule, for two or three years ago Mr. DIBBS proposed that very scheme, and the PABKES' party treated it with intense derision ; so did the Free trade Press, which described it as kite-flying, and predicted that it would not be tolerated by the public. Now, however, the same Press honours it with its warm approval, which proves that in the judgment of those organs anything proposed by Free-traders is right, whilst everything proposed by the other party is wrong. This is a free and easy way of dealing with public questions. In olden times it used to be practised by ecclesiastics, but it was thought by many people that the I conductors of modern daily newspapers were more ? advanced than the clergy belonging to the mediaeval ages. Evidently they are mistaken in regard to that, as well as to many other things, i - THE ridîculons thing, however, about Mr. M'Miii LAN'S proposal is that it provides for reducing the I deficit at tine rate of only £150,000 per annum. In I other words, it is taken for granted that if the I Free-trade policy is maintained, seventeen years , will have passed before the deficit has been cleared off. This does not look as if the Free-traders in j the Ministry had much faith in their policy as a revenue-producingjagency. It is designed that the I schemes shall come into operation next year, bnt I doubt if there will be a surplus of £150,000 at the end of December twelve months if the Free-traders should be in power until that period, for the public expenditure is steadily increasing, and the railways will not be so productive of revenue next year as they have been during the present year, for the COMMISSIONERS say that a very largely increased sum will have to be taken but of the earnings for j renewals, &c.; Moreover, Mr. M'Millan intends, BO he says, to wipe off the Tariff list hundreds of thousands of pounds worth of Customs duties. Under a proper Protective system the deficit might be abolished in five or six years, and that system will, I am convinced, have to be put into operation to deal with the matter. IN great harmony, so it is affirmed, the Church of England concluded its sessions. The most important item of business was the confirmation of the appointment of Dr. S. SMITH as Bishop of Sydney. But before this was done, several of the clergy and laity despatched a cablegram to England containing the information that the election was invalid because four Australian Bishops had protested against it. That cablegram has, I am sure, been followed by another assuring Canon Smith that the senders of the previous message were persons of no weight, and that, therefore, no importance should be attached to their words. After Dr. BABEY, Canon Smith will, I think, be regarded by the Sydney public as very small beer. But if he pleases the Church of England folk, I do not see that the general public have any right to complain. They will not be expected to contribute to his support WITH the approval, so it is alleged, of the Admin- istrator of the Newcastle diocese, the incumbent of the Anglican Church in Morpeth introduced ritualistic practices into the services held in his church, whereupon the bulk of the congregation ro-e in rebellion, and sent a vigorous protest to the clergyman. Not having produced the intended effect, the dissenters followed np their action by entering into a solemn league and covenant to cease their contributions to the stipend fund until the offender had abandoned the Eastward position, and got rid of the Ritualistic paraphernalia. This is an effective method of bringing a country parson to his sense", for such cannot prevail if they cannot eat. In Sydney, or any other large city, such an experiment might fail, for general sympathy might be evoked because of the boycotting to which the parson had been subjected, and the money in the church treasury might in consequence increase rather than diminish. But if half a country con- gregation turns against its pastor, he must either fall in with their views or resign his charge. The Morpeth parson will have to adopt one of these courses. IT is not often one bean of a clergyman going on to the Etage, but a Church of England parson of my acquaintance has taken that step. I refer to the Eev. JONATHAN EVANS, for Borne time curate at St. John's Church, Darlinghurst, and subsequently curate at St. James' in the eily. Although a first rate fellow, he did not get on with the incumbent of either parish. Af ter resigning his position at St. James' he tried to get along by giving public readings from standard authors ; but tie only result of that experiment was the loss of £40 in three nights. He then decided to go on to the stage. He has joined Mr. GEO. RIGNOLD'S Com- pany, and will make his first appearance to-night at Her Majesty's Theatre in the tragedy of Julius Caesar. It remains to be seen whether he will do better as an actor than he did as a parson. ONE of the most peaceable men in the Assembly ia Mr. WILLIAM M'COTJET, the senior member for 1 Camden ; but on Thursday night he lost his temper i and developed a belligerent spirit.. On rising to address the House upon an item in thé Estimates, the POSTMASTER-GENERAL made an interjection, the nature of which I could not catch. Instantly Mr.-M'Court retorted, " I pay my way, and that is more than the hon. member does." That' produced an angry explosion from Mr. O'Connor, and then the controversy between the two proceeded merrily for a few minutes. Finally the latter marched over to where the member for Camden was sitting, and made a remark which brought M'Court on to: his feet in a threatening attitude. Fortunately the Chairman exercised his authority, otherwise I might have had to record that a pugilistic encounter had taken place on the floor of the House. It is Very evident- that Mr. M'Court believes that Mr. O'Con- nor, albeit he is a member of the Cabinet, is'not a good mark. If Daniel is not a bad mark, assur- edly there are many members of the Legislature who may be justly described as such.. It isa mystery to me how. they are able to wear good clothes, and keep their seats in the Legislature. AN advertisement in yesterday's papers stated that a Free-trade meeting was to be held at the Sydney C. hall, and that it was to be addressed by Mr. ABIGAIL and several other gentlemen. This " Sydney C. hall," I may inform your readers, is a Roman Catholio schoolroom. The promoters of the meeting were evidently ashamed to mention the fact in their advertisement. Just fancy Mr. Abigail, the rabid opponent of Popery, holding forth in such a place. Perhaps he will excuse himself by saying that thè cause bf his party is more fiscaf I than Popery. ! ON Thursday there was laid on the table of the Assembly an elaborate minute by Mr. GABITO THEBS, which was written for tile purpose of ; showing that the Pnblic schools do not promote I crime. The raison d'etre of this precions composi- tion was the recent utterance of Bishop HIGGINS, at Cooma, on the subject of the Publio schools aystem as it is worked in many parts of the world. From a question asked by Mr. ABIGAIL some time j ago, I infer that it Was he who caused the Minister I for Publio Instruction to write the minute, and to get the accompanying statistics compiled. To me I it looks like a deliberate attempt to keep the sectarian ghost in evidence, and if that be BO it is a i most contemptible trick. I may here observe that ' Mr. BBUCE SMITH is no believer in the Public ¡ schools system. In his book on Liberalism he take: the ground that if a considerable portion of the population' object to any system of public instruc- tion, they should not be required to assist ir supporting it ; or to put the idea in another way the system should not be paid for out of the revenue -. WHEN giving evidence before the Pnblic Worki Committee on' Thursday, Mr. BABLIKG explainer I that since the beginning of the year the Govern I ment had given relief work on the roads and rail ways to about 2500 additional men. This knooki on the head the assertions of the Free-traders tha the unemployed supported by the Government ha< largely decreased in number. The total numbe I now engaged on Government relief works, unda Mr. Barling's control alone, is 8400. And Mi Barling says that if tenders are not Boon called fo the construction of additional railways, most o these will ere long be again unemployed. Asr alleged petrified marble womanhasbeen brought to Sydney for exhibition. It waa found, so the owners allege, in the place where the marble man was said to have been discovered, In some respects it is as remarkable as its mate. Regarded as a sculpture, it is a wonderful piece of work. Pro- bably there will be a newspaper controversy on the subject, and Dr. M'CABTHY, it may be expected, will declare it to be a genuine petrifaction. But I doubt if a large proportion of the citizens willagree with him. The owners say that they found the petrified remains of a child in the quarry whenoe the male and female adults were taken, but it was so much damaged that they deemed it useless to bring it away. If, however, the cause of science should require them to do so, no doubt they will respond to the pressure, and bring the fragments to the city and show them on the usual terms. LET country newspaper proprietors beware 1 The other day the proprietor of the Referee was fined £10 and costa for inserting the advertisements of a consultation Bvveep promoter in his paper. If that was done to Mr. EVANS, the presumption is that many more newspaper owners will be treated in the same way. If advertisements of sweeps are going to be prohibited, it follows that the occupation of sweep promoters will soon be gone. That would mean a loss of about £8000 a year to Mr. ADAMS if he, as is generally believed to be the case, is the promoter of Tattersall^ Consultations. I am by no means sure that there is a great deal of harm in the sweeps system as carried on by men like Mr. Adams. 