The Brisbane Courier WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 16, 1889 AFTER an unwonted delay in stage car- pentry tho curtain of the Now Soutli Wales political theatre ha3 been rung up and the comedy of "High Life Below Stairs" placed before the public by a new company. Mr. Dibbs assumes the titlo rule, supported by Messrs. Barton, aa Attorney - General ; James Fletcher, as Minister for Works and Railways ; J. P. Garvan, Colonial Trea- surer ; F. M. Slattery, Minister for Justice ; H. Clarke, Postmaster-General ; AV. J. Lyne, Minister for Lands ; F. M. Chanter, Minister for Mines ; F. B. Suttor, Minister for Public Instruction ; and the Hon. John Lackey, M.L.C., Vice- president of the Exe cutiveCouncil. To retain dramatic metaphor, though none of these artistes are old or time-honoured favourites of the publie, few are new to the official sock and buskin if wo except Messrs. Clarke and Chanter. Of the old actors nearly everyone has accepted a new part, with Mr. Dibbs, the doyen of the corp3, aa leader. Though no novelty, the inclusion of Mr. Suttor, who has no repre- sentative engagement in this Davenport Cabinet of " old ropes in now knots," with two recruits from the Nominee Chamber, exhibits au element of conscious weakness in selection antagonistic to a long or successful mu of the piece. To drop jesting, what possible chalice baa the leader of this new Govern- I meut of retaining office for any useful pur- pose? He can be but a political roi faineant uneasy beneath the snatched honours he has filched in a moment of contemptuous disdain on the part of his predecessor. Not once, nor twice, but many times the tur- bulent majority supporting Sir Henry Parkes subverted all discipline, and llouted their independence before their harassed leader. A man of Sir Henry's sagacity and experience could not fail to recognise that a little blood-letting would lower the insolent pretensions of his mutinous allies, and that the form of de- pletion moat readily practised would be to let matters drift into a hopeless tangle which he alone could unravel, and then con- template with grim irony and apathetic indifférence the result. The world knows the sequel. On an issuo ludicrously insignificant, by a silence ostentatiously paraded, a crushing defeat was courted, and our only politician retired to consult his familiar, the Kiama ghost of departed power. Thus has originated a change which has substituted for an able if unscrupulous man, an aspirant for comtcand whoso pre- vious record does not warrant any linn conviction of his ability to retain oilice. "Not to swap horses while crossing a stream" is a Transatlantic Avay of expressing in homely language a truism applicable to the graver affairs of slate, but Mr. Dibbs is so ignorant or care- less of the danger, that bo has violated the prudential precept in the face of a merciless opponent and a House indifferent if not hostile to his success. Sir Henry Parkes himself is, if a rude, an undoubted king of men in the arena of colonial political supre- macy. Head and shoulders above his colleagues, he bore upon his robust form tho entire weight of Government, So loftily had age, high office, experience, and talent sometimes approximating to genius, elevated him in the eyes of his fellow colonists, that he marched like Gulliver amid the throng of Lilliputians that clung to his skirts, and his fall like that of Samson, crushed the unnoticed Philistines dependent upon his support. Mr. Dibbs cannot claim so respectful a consideration even from his warmest admirers ; nor does the united recognised Parliamentary weight of his gazetted Government foster any ex- pectation of compensating influence, unless one or both of the two gentlemen new to the burden of Ministerial responsibility display unexpected force of character. AVithout a revulsion of political principle or its outcome, voting action, the future promises no change, but a wearisome continuation of the inter- minable wrangles, deplorable recrimination, and general washing of dirty linen and dirtier characters so typical of, and it may be hoped peculiar to, the New South AVales Legislature. The new wine of official transposition will not improbably burst the bottles into which it has been poured, and a veritable Comedv of Errors result. By-and-by . Sir Henry Parker's disinclination to the earea of office will disappear, his suppliant followers, tired of the cold shade of. Opposi- tion, will profess contrite repentance, and the itching fingers of the old diplomat will clutch tho wand of office, or go to tho country with some new cry calculated to restore his pristine influence. Ia tho meantime what a satire upon representative institutions does not this illtreated State present. With a vast territory, a great marine, enormous pastoral and mineral resources, a position unsurpassed, the giant forces of nature are restricted their natural and healthy de- velopment by the self-interested squabbles of a set of second-rate politicians who have discredited their adopted laud in the eyes of the world, and trumpeted their uufitness to discharge the high dutieB with whicli they have been intrusted. No political Wragge comes forward to scan the horizon, to measure the force and direction of discordant elements, or to predict a cessation of the in- tellectual drought with which New South Wales has so long been aillicted. It may be that she is expiating the sins of an almost unbridled prosperity, and that she, the fair mother of still fairer daughters, has temporarily sunk into the desuetude of high ambition. Our faith in the future remains great, the political Bobadils who havo so long strutted upon the stage of human affairs now verge upon the line which marks decay, and must in the order of things vacate the scene. Change can hardly fail to result in amelioration. Education and comparison will surely if slowly win adherents to a demand for improvement. The people will arise in their just wrath and sweep into obscurity the petty exponents of private hatred, malice, and all uncharitableness who havo so long prostituted public affairs to private vendettas. A colony like New South Wales, with a million of inhabitants, cannot be devoid of men fitted by character and trained intelligence to administer its ailairs. The danger is that not New South Wales alone, but the colonies generally are drifting into a condi- tion of things approximating to that which has for a long time prevailed in the United States. There the more cultivated and refined members of tho community cau- tiously eschew political life. They will not wade in the Stygian mud of malevolency, which the aspirant for political prominence has to enter. They leave to more neces- sitous or pachydermatous mortals the repul- sive task to be encountered. They declined to contest tho laurels tarnished by obloquy and misrepresentation, which dirty the brow of the most successful com- batant. They cannot stand the fierce light in which a sometimes unscrupulous and generally prejudiced Press focuses every ex- pressed thought. Tliey writhe at the thought of the multitude of envenomed assaults to which they would bo exposed. They fail to appreciate tho undeserved because excessive eulogy of adherents, coupled as it must be with gross censure as equally un- true and unmerited. For these and other good and sufficient reasons in their eyes, they prefer the lotus life of indolent epicurean critics, and lind a mental tonic in watching the distorted struggles of men immersed in tho fiery cauldron of public life. It is not improbable that a similar tono of thought operates to promote a like abstinence in the sister colony, and that until political hostility can be in some degree subordinated to the ordinary courtesies of debate, political power will unceasingly oscillate between men whose calibre is indi- cated by a Parkes at one measure of vibration, and, as a contrast, a Dibbs at the other. The agitation for a Trans-pacific cable from America to Australia is now happily well afloat, and seems only to be waiting for that tide in the affairs of agitations which, when taken at the flood, leads on to the fact accomplished. No contribution on the subject has equalled for essential interest and general importance that relentless and masterly piece of reasoning communicated in these columns at the close of last January by Sir T. Mcllwraith. The overwhelming case contra has never been stated with such incisiveness and such lucidity. To wade through the protracted reports of the controversies on the subject that have taken place in London is a task as useless as it is dreary. Alexander fought his battle over thrice in Dryden's dithyrambic masterpiece, and " Thrice he slew the slain." The opera- tion seems somewhat supererogatory, but, if Alexander had been a nineteenth century polemist, struggling with a big monopoly some sixteeen thousand miles off, he would have recognised the necessity of slaying his foes not only thrice but even unto thirty times three. The cheerful way in which the irrepressible Sir John Pender in England bobs up with his old covey of fallacies and misrepresentations is really wonderful. It is impossible to believe that Sir John believes in them. That would be to insult a really first-class intelligence. But he is well aware that, to the Londonian optic, Brisbane, or all Australia for the matter of that, takes the shape of the figure at the in- verted end of a telescope, and the bogies which have long been exploded and de- cently buried at the antipodes may yet be flourishing like a green bay-tree in the hospitable shades of the Eastern Ex- tension Telegraph Company, or even in the glare of English "public opinion." This cannot, however, go on for ever, and, indeed, as we began by remarking, the time has happily arrived when the overwhelming force of the counter-case has created a regu- lar little party of friends and supporters, who are now meeting every Penderían blast with an ultra-Penderian counter-blast. Sir Thomas Mcllwraith, with his own peculiar and incisive force, put his finger on the real causa morti atque casa belli, when he said-" No one can have read the pro- ceedings of the Colonial Conference in England, and watched tho action of the English Government for the last few years, with regard to the cable companies, without coming to the conclusion that the British Government has been the main obstacle in the way of active competition being brought against the Eastern Extension Telegraph Company. The strength of Sir John's position has all along been the strength of the position of the monopolist backed by the refusal of a great Government to do any- thing to imperil that monopoly. The Eng- lish Government has done more. It has countenanced, and shows every dispo- sition to continue to countenance the direct support of that monopoly. In Sir Thomas's words: "The telegraph route between London and Australia passes right through India, and for that portion of the line the Indian Government charge all messages passing between the colonies and England at the rate of 7d. per word, while the ordinary charge to the people of India who use the line is for that same system only 2d. per word." Sir Thomas's con- clusion, therefore, is the one conclusion possible. " This is pure destruction to the main line, and can only be con- sidered as an unfriendly act on the part of the Indian Government, backed up by the British Government." This being the case, and the monopoly of the peerless E.E.T.C. being unshakable on that side, it has followed naturally that relief should be sought elsewhere. The Pacific route scheme is the result of this effort. The advantages of that route, when judged on their simple merits, and exclusive of the business vagaries of the E.E.T.C, are such as to recommend it to the approval of any thoughtful or intelli- gent person. These can be stated shortly as follows, with Sir John's objections added : Imprimis, the route lies for almost half of the way through actual British territory, while of its five oceanic stopping-places namely, Hawaii, Fanning Island, Samoa, Fiji, and New Zealand, three are British possessions, and the other two are neutral islands where British influence is strong. Such a route, passing through a non volcanic area, is not liable to the interrup- tions of the sort that perpetually threaten the Malayan portion of the present cable. Sir John urges, however, that the Pacific cable will be at too great a depth, and will be unprotected, whereas his own more per- fect proteges, being in the direct line of the Eastern trade, will enjoy all the advan- tages of the British convoy cruisers. This remark is simply astonishing. It shows an appreciation of the type of intellect current among those who, Sir John feels, are his audience which makes the amiable optimist think gloomily of the future of the race. Hostile cruisers will go where the trade goes, and is there anyone, except, perchance, a bondholder of the peer- less E.E.T.C, who can bo brought to believe that a shallow water cable, stretching from the north coast of Australia up to the southern extremity of India, can be pro- tected day and night by the fleet of any country in the world, or any three coun- tries in tho world, against (let us say) three or four swift hostile cruisers? ln order to keep the Suakin Railway over a few miles of flat country intact from a horde of half-armed Arabs every resource of palisade, electric lights, patrol trains, and the rest was exhausted. A pretty piece of work is in store for the handful of British warships in the East — to perpetually steam up and down, and down and up, Sir John Pender's two Malay cable lines! On the other hand, the operation of fishing about for a cable at the immense depths of the Pacific line would cause an exercise of skill and patience on the part of a specially-equipped hostile warship that would tend to develop, say, our Muscovite friends into grey- headed and sagacious Jobs with a counter-tendency to softening of the brain. Sir John's remarks on this subject cannot indeed be accepted with that seriousness which the great interests at stake demand. The attempt to bolster up an utterly un- tenable position by utterly untenable argu- ment provokes scorn, and a little flippancy may perhaps be excused as being preferable to indignation and a loss of temper. The real facts of the case are so wofnlly apparent. The E.E.T.C. has got a monopoly, and it intends to stick to it. Sir John at last flings his cards down, and brutally plays his leading trump when he asseverates that, if the worst comes to the worst and Australia " goes for" a Transpacific cable, then it is Sir John and his peerless E.E.T.C who will lay it. That is like Shylock's growl when he is baulked of his pound of flesh : " I take this offer then; pay the bond thrice and let Australia go." But Fate, in the person of competi- tion — of competition cilled into existence by this very vaulting greed which has o'erleaped itself and fallen on the other side- replies: " Tarry, Sir John, circum- stances have yet another hold on you. In order to construct a Transpacific cable you will be compelled to come to terms with these colonies, who are all still smarting from the slings and arrows of your outrageous good fortune. A rival company offers terms which you will be compelled to outdo. The Pacific Telegraph Company ask no subsidy at all. They merely ask the guarantee of £75,000 Government traffic, a sum which comes only too conceivably within the limits, or all but within the limits, of what is possible and probable in the natural and necessary development of things. This guarantee shall date from the completion of the cable, and extend for twenty- five years. Moreover, it shall be suspended in the case of the stoppage of the cable, after a reasonable interval has been allowed for repairs. And, last but not least, the rate of payment shall never ex- ceed 4s. per word, or considerably less than one-half of the charge of yourself and your peerless E.E.T.C." If Sir John is willing to lay a Transpacific cable on better terms than these, let him speak up, and Australia will be only too ready to listen. But if not, then let him recognise that that trump card of his, though backed up by all the " bluff " of a master in the art, cuts a pitiably small figure beside the higher trump card by which it ia instan- taneously met. At the meeting of the Cabinet yesterday morn I ing it was decided to recommend the remission of tho unoxpircd term of tho sentence of George Weatherstone Wilson. Wilson was sentenced to twelve months' imprisonment by Mr. Justice Cooper for contempt of court at Bowen, and | has boon about six weeks in gaol. The Minister for Education, Mr. J. Donald ! son, will leave Brisbane for Melbourne on Tuesday next. He will bo absent about a month. The tender of Benjamin Toll, £219" 9s. 4a. has been accepted by the Railway Department for the erection of a goods shed at Charters Towers, and that of Messrs. Bremnor and livans, £230, for tho construction of a coal stage at tho railway station, North Rock- hampton. Fnglish and other mails, ex P. and O. R.M.S. Cartilage, are duo by train to- day, and will bo delivered at tho General Post Office at 9 a.m., and by letter caniurs at S.30 a.m. The mails per P. and O. Coinpauy's R.M.S. Carthago, to date London, "th December, aro expected to arrive in Brisbauo to-day, in j which ease they will havo occupied 39 days in transit« The B.I. and Q.A. Company, managing agents for the A.U.S.N. Company, have re- ceived a telegram from Captain James Higgen, intimating that the Barcoo, which left this port on Friday Inst for Melbourne, made the pas- sage to Sydney in the unprecedented time of thirty-two and a-half hours from wharf to wharf, or twenty-seven and a half-hours from Heads to Heads. This is undoubtedly the fastest passage on record. The annual general meeting of the Builders and Contractors' Association was held in the rooms of the association, George-street, last evening, when there was a good attendance of members present. The report and balance sheet for tho past year showed a good surplus to the credit of tho association's funds. The following wero elected as office-bearers for tho ensuing year:-President, Mr. A. Midson; vice-president, Mr. R. E. Burton; hon. treasurer, Mr. R. Bell ; hon. secretary, Mr. R. W. Hebden ; committee, Messrs. C. W. Mid son, A. Anderson, T. Gillies, A. M. Williams, J. Stewart; trustees, Messrs. James Camp- bell and A. F. Luya. Votes of thanks were passed to tho retiring officers for their servio es in the past, and the nowly-elooted officers re- turned thanks for lho honour conferred upon them. Tho meeting then terminated. A meeting, convened by circular, of wool growers, agents, and others interested in the establishment of wool sales in Brisbane, waa hold in Messrs. B. D. Morehead and Co.'a warehouse yesterday, and was attended by fifteen gentlemen. The Hon. W. Graham, M.L.C., was called to the chair. The proceed- ings, which were of a preliminary character, were confined to the discussion of the general question, whether the present was a suitable timo to establish such sales in this city, and there seemed to bo a consensus of opinion that it was, and that there would bo little difficulty in inducing buyers to come from the South to Brisbane if a sufficient quantity of wool waa forwarded for sale by the Queensland squatters. A committee of twelve was appointed to make necessary investigations as to the number ol bales likely to bo sent for sale to Brisbane, &o.t; and to report to a future meeting. A meeting of tho creditors of Frederick Sanderson, storekeeper, of Lutwyche, was held yesterday afternoon in the office of Mr. E. Winter, solicitor, Queen- street. Mr. W. Steele occupied the chair, and the following debts were proved :-R. D. Neilson, £238 17s. 3d.; Wallace, Warren, and Co., £73 4s. 7d.; W. Steele and Co., £135 ; Thomas Brayford, £803 13s. 7d.; John Melliday and Co., £100 18s. 7d.; A.Shaw and Co., £101 16s. 3d.; Stirrat and Bell, £72 7s. Id. ; Stewart and Hemmant, £66 14s. 1d.; James Hunter, £5 15s 6d. ; Kwong Nam Tai and Co., £12 7s. fld. ; S. Hoffnung and Co., £201 10B. ; E. T. Neighbour and Co., £21 Is. 4d.; Burns, Philp, and Co., £45 17s. 7d.; A. Grose, £14 11s. 9d. It was stated the liabilities amounted to £2231 17s. 5d., and the assets to £1997 18s. 7d. The liabilities were mado up as follows :-Unsecured creditors, £1819 9s. lid.; secured creditors, £1830 (securities valuod at £2300) ; other liabilities, £400; rent, taxes, wages, £12 7s. Od. The assets wore made up as fol- lows :-Stock-in- trade, £900 ; hook debts, £G0O, estimated to produce £500 ; cash in hand, £7 18s. 7d.; fittings, &c;, £70 ; property £60 ; surplus from securities in the hands of creditors fully secured £470. In reply to various questions, Mr. Sanderson said ho could offer 10s. in the pound, payable ia threo, six, nine, and twelve months without guarantee. His difficulties were due to paying too much for the business and for tho stock, a serious accident ho had met with in January last by being thrown from a horse, and a sub- sequent illness which incapacitated him from collecting tho accounts that were due. Ho commenced business with properties which wero now in the hands of the bank. The ohairman considered it was time for a stand to bo taken in these matters, and said if no ouo olso would tako it ho would. Mr. Sanderson at first represented his affairs very differently from what ho did now, and stated that thero would be a good surplus. They had now received his brother-in-law's account, which almost swamped tho whole thing. The soonor such goings on 'wero put a stop to the better, and ho (the ohairman) would rather lose his wholo debt than consent to an arrangement such as was offerod. After a brief conversation it was unanimously resolved that the estate be wound up in liquidation, and Mr. George Sylvester Murphy was appointed trustee at a remuneration of 5 per cont on all the assets realised. Messrs. G. S. Hutton and AV. Steele wore appointed as a committee of inspootion. Tho meeting thon closed. We ara informed that the Queensland Gram- mar School boys who have been successful in securing the exhibitions at the Sydney Univer- sity this year aro named respectively Mant and Roberts, and both are pupils of the Mary- borough Grammar School. An alarm of fire was rung at the Central Station about 7 o'clock yesterday evoning, and on Superintendent Hinton and several mem- bers of tho brigade, with both reels and the escape-ladclor, proceeding to the locality described by tho person who had given the alarm, they found that a quantity of shavings and chips in Wm. Hioks's furniture faotory in Tauk-streot* had caught fire. The flames wero first seen by Mr. F. Cutcliffe, and he and Mr. John Deanoy, who resides next door, burst ia a window and succeeded in pretty well extinguishing the fire before the brigade arrived. On examina- tion, Superintendent Hinton found a fire in the engine furnace, and the shavings which caught wero quite close to the ashes, which had ap- parently only been raked out a few minutes before. A quantity of oily cotton waste was found under tho shavings. He attributes the outbreak to gross carelessness. Had the floor not been tiled, thero would doubtless have been a sorious conflagration. Mr. Hicks was in- sured in a Melbourne company, hut he reoeived a letter on Monday stating that the com- pany was in liquidation, so that had it not been for the promptitude with whioh the fire was extinguished, Mr. Hicks would havo had to meot the total loss of the building and its contents, representing a value of about £2000. The firemen in attendance numbered over thirty, of whom the volunteers under Aesistant-superintendent Jones mustered nine. Several of the Valley contingent were also present. At a later hour, whilst the fire brigade wero drilling in Ann-street at Hunter's Buildings, the alarm bell was again rung ; but it was soon found that nothing more serious had occurred than a fire in a chimney in Creek street. The volunteers rolled up well to this alarm also. A fire originated in John Smith's upholsterer and furnituro-dealer's shop, Stanley-street, Woolloongabba, at 4.45 yesterday morn- ing, and quickly spread to the adjoining buildings, occupied on the one side by Mr. and Mrs. J. Robinson as a fruiterer's and dross maker's establishment, and on the other by Mr. Blakenoy, a furniture-dealer. The alarm waa given by Mr. A. C. Crump's son, and Superin- tendent Teiit with thirteen men, Superin- tendent Hinton and Acting Superintendent Jones with five men and five volun- teers, were quickly on the spot. Tlie fire, however, had a good hold of the buildings, and very little was saved. The buildings were owned by Mr. W. Davis, and were insured in the South British In- surance Company for £800, £200 of which was reinsured in the Mutual Insurance Com- pany and £200 in the National office. Robin* ïon's »took was insured in tho Colonial Mutual Insurance Company for £100; Blakeney's in tho Mutual Fire and Marina for £100, and Smith's in the Accident Indemnity for £150. The buildings destroyed were only separated from those burnt on Sunday morning hy a brick shop in course of erection. Smith's Bhop was completely guttod, and what Btock was not burnt in the other two shops yras destroyed by water. Messrs. B. D. Morehead and Co. yesterday received a telegram from Strathearn station, »ear Winton, stating that 3in. of rain had fallen there on 3rd instant, and the creeka are Bil running strongly. An alarm of fire was received from the Observatory at twelve minutes past 2 o'ejock this morning, the locality being on the Kelvin Grove-road, somo distance beyond Bishop's store. Several members of the brigade, with the horse-reel, wont out, but up to the hour of going to press had not returned. In connection with the forthcoming elections for the South Brisbane Counoil ft strong re- quisition has been got up asking Mr. R. J. Kéuy, head master of St. Ktlian's Roman Catholic School, to stand for No. 1 AVard in opposition to Alderman Nott. It is understood, however, that Mr. Kelly is uot likely to allow himself to be nominated, as he cannot spare the time that would be required of him if elected. Since the 8th inBtant, the following accident sases have been treated at tho Brisbane Hospital :-James Dully, 36, injury to anklo ; Andrew Jenson, 20, injury to too ; ErnoBt Froher, 14, amputation of finger ; Patrick Crowe, 40, injury to hand by burns ; John Warburton, 33, fracture of right leg, at Cabool- ture; Fred. Ross, injury to eye and lacerated wound on forehead ; William Glassoy, 33, scalp wound and apopleotio fits (died on Monday evening); Robert Sergeant, 21, injury to head; Pat. Devan, 24, fracture of btiiall bone of loft log ; Louisa Duckurtz, burns, which proved fatal six hours after admission ; J. M'Culloeh, Injury to spine ; Patrick Hagen, J. Goddard, and Ben. Rodgers, burns caused by an explo- sion of gunpowder ; AV. Qulok, injury to shoulder ; J. Buchanan, 14, injury to hand caused by the tip horse he was riding colliding with a tramcar. The railway arbitrator (Mr. Curtis) will hold his court from the 22nd to the 2oth instant, and and on the 29th and 30th, when two claims for land resumed on the Gympie line will be dealt with-namely, the Phoenix Golden Pile Gold Mining Company and Mark Kendall; also seventeen claims for land resumed for the Cleveland railway. Mr. Curtis will afterwards proceed to Ipswich to deal with Mr. Streiner's claim in connection with the Fassifern line. On the 4th February he will go to Warwick to decide on the claim of Mr. Henry Thurmer for land resumed for the Killarney railway. The evidence taken with regard to Mr. Roger North, jun.'s arrest and reloase recently and Commissioner Seymour's report thereon aro in the hands of the Chief Secretary, whose deci- sion will be made known to-day. Eagle-street, from Queon-stroet to the right of-way near the South British Insurance Com- pany's Office, will bo closed to horso and vehicular trafilo to-day, to-morrow, and on Friday. Mr. Jamos Moffat announces himself as a candidate for the North AVard at the approach- ing municipal election. Although tho nightly attendances at the Gaiety theatre have not as yet shown any indi- cations of falling away tho management havo decided to improve and strengthen thoir pro- gramme. To-night the principal artists in the east will introduce now comic sougs and ballads. Most of these aro either very amusing or very melodious, and no doubt they will be Well received. At the Opera Houso last evening the interest- ing dramatisation of Wilkie Collins's thrilling story, "The New Magdalen," was again repre- sented, and was oven moro thoroughly enjoyod than on the previous night. On Friday noxt the company will tender a benefit to Mr. George Dean, their energotio etago manager, when, by special arrangement with Messrs. Williamson, Garnor, and Musgrove, they will produce Gilbert and Sullivan's opora of "H.M.S. Pinafore." As the company is Strong in vocalists the performance should bo ft very good one. At the South Brisbane Police Court yesterday morning, boforo Messrs. J. Weedon and W. G. Chancollor, JJ.P., Joseph Porter waa oharged with assaulting John Jones on board the A.U.S.N. Company's steamer Bulimba. He was sontenced to aoven days' imprisonment. James Lyons, charged with assaulting John Nicholl on board the Bulimba, was sentenced to fourteen days' imprisonment. The superintendent of the Electric Telegraphs has received a telegram to the effect that a sharp shock of earthquake was felt at 6.30 yesterday morning at Eidsvold, which seemed to travel in a south-easterly direction. A rumbling sound like thunder was heard for fully ten seconds. Tho Catholio Young Mon's Society held their first meeting after the Christmas recess on Monday night. Since their last mooting arrangements had been made for the hold- ing of their weekly meetings in the Sisters' new school, Ivory- street, and those present at the mooting expressed them- selves highly rdoasod with the chango. Nominations for two vacancias on tho council were receivod, a ballot of which will take place next Monday night. Other more or less important business was transacted during the evening. It was agreed that the programme for next Monday evening should consist of miscellaneoua readings and recitations. The following is the report of the state of the Goodna Asylum for tho week ending 12th in» stant :-In the houso at last report, 450 males, 350 females; since admitted, 3 males, 4 females ; discharged, 1 male ; died, 1 male ; remaining, 457 males, 354 females ; total, 811. Died on 10th instant, William R. James, late of Toowoomba, aged 80 years, of senile decay.* The medical superintendent acknowledges the receipt of parcels of newspapers from Mrs. Ayscough and Mrs. Morrow, Brisbane, for the use of the patients at Goodna ; and from Mr. Cook, Ipswich, for the patients at Sandy Gallop. With reference to a paragraph which ap- peared in yeaterday'8 issue, we learn that the Government have no intention of raising any objection to the departuro of the gunboat Paluma for Sydney to-morrow, as thoy regard that vessel as being subject entirely to the con- trol of the Admiral. A meeting of between thirty and forty rate- payers of the West Ward was held on Monday Eveningin the Apothecaries' Hall, Petrie-terrace. The meeting rosolved itself into a committee and unanimously eleotedMr. G.D. Izattas chair- man. Thefollowingresolutions were adopted :_ " That the statement made by Mr. Warry in his address « that he had been informed that he was to be opposed at the coming election be ¡sause be considered it his duty to rote in the souncil for the construction of the new bridtre it Ann-street' be contradicted." "That m the opinion of a majority of the ratepayers of this ward, he has displayed a want of capacity to deal with the important questions of the present day." "That in tho opinion of this meeting, Mr. J. W. Ayscough is a fit and proper person to be intrusted with such im- portant questions, and wo pledge oursolves to issist as far as possible in securing his re- turn." Jame3 W. Waesell, acting tide surveyor, reports to the Collector of Customs that on searching the steamer Whampoa on .the 4th instant, upon her arrival in Moreton Bay from China, he discovered and seized in the Chinese quarters 2050 cyçar«, The semor member for tho Burke (Mr W 0 Hodgkinson) received on Monday a notifica- tion from tho mayor of Herberton (Mi John Newell) that the latter, in his capacity of chairman of a large and onthusia&tio; meeting held at Herberton on the 4th instant, had been requested to forward a oopy of resolutions unanimously afhrmed and woided as follow s - "That the Government bo requested to call tenders for the construction of the third section of the Catrns-Herberton Railway as soon as the working plans can bo prepared " "That m view of the immenso importance to this distnot and to tho wholo of tho colony of tho further extension of the Cairns-Herborton Rail- way to tho agricultural and mineral landa of this {district, this meeting is of opinion that a petition should he piepaied for presentation to Parliament at its opouing next May, praying that the Parliamentary plans of the fourth section as far as Herberton may he approved of during the session, and that provision he made at once for the extension of the per- manent smvoy of the line to Montalbion " Copies of the foregoing resolutions have, it is understood, been sent to all tho Noithorn mem- bers, and it has been pointed out that the peti- tion alluded to in the second resolution is to bo forwarded to all the dtstriots along tho pro- jected line of radway from Cairns to Norman- ton, including tho townships and mining camps of Atherton, Herberton, Montalbion, George- town, Croydon, and adjacent settlements It is fully recognised that the speedy construction of this îailwav is of such vital impórtanos to the different oentros abovonaiued that nothing but combined action on the part of all concerned will secure the desired end The usual monthly meeting of the Kenmore Band of Hope was held in the Kenmore Hall on Monday evening last, when the attendance was very large. The programme, arranged by Messrs. W. Heathwood and F. Springer, was rather longer than on other occasions. The principal items were readings by F. H. Springer, W. Dennis, Miss Doughty, and Mr. Stork, recitations by the Misses Breddin and Ryder, songs by Miss Clarkson and W. Dennis, and a duet between Miss Clarkson and Miss Pepperill. Mr. Wood addressed the meeting on moderate drinking. The meeting was closed by the chairman pronouncing the benediction. Tho committee of the South Brisbane Bene- volent Society held their usual monthly meet- ing on Monday aftoruoon in the Mochamos' Institute lhere v.oro eight ladies present Tho receipts for the month wero shown to havo been £8 12s. 6d., and the expenditure, £7 8s. 3d. Mr. A. Crawford, bookseller, has issued a neat book of views of Brisbane, which is likely to be a favourite with those who wish to let friends at a distance know what the city is like. Very fair pictures of the principal public buildings are given, together with a panoramic view of the city fiom the Railway Wharf, South Brisbane, all apparently copied from photographs. The book includes also views of the Lower Esplanade, Sandgate, and of St. Vincent's Orphanage, Nudgee. Our advertising columns contain a notice to the effect that a social and ball is to be held in tho Lyceum Hall this evening m honour of Mr Vagg, Into secretary of tho Brisbane Preo thought Association, who is about to v lsit South America Mr A agg is hold in high esteem by his rroothought fnonds, and a laigo gathering is anticipated " Tra voller " writes -"It is about timo tho stockyards at tho Normanby Railway Station were done away with, the station en- larged and made easily approachable from Kolvm Grovo sido, and I v enturo to say that when the railw ay is carried to Adeluide-stroot thero will bo a largo increado of passengor trailio from the Normanby fetation " A pattern milk waggon, or railway refri- gerating cir, has just boon ccmjiloted at tho railway workshops at Newport (says the Mel- bourne Age) under tho personal supervision of the Commissioners for Railways The cai is double cased, and this casing ia at several points piorced by apertures, permitting of con- stant draughts of air throughout its wholo length while tho car is in motion Tho casiug also insures an ov only low temperature while the car is stationary In addition, tho vehiclo is lined with felt, and has a fly roof, and the doors aro so constructed by the aid of indiariibber at the joints that it is practically impossible for hot air to enter Tho vehiclo will carry thirteen tons of milk, and weighs 10 tons 7qr, and is so mounted as to bo able to run with passenger or goods traute on bogie under frames of stool channel bars, fitted up with the AVeslinghouso brake, and with spiral, instead of elliptic springs It is 3 jft long, and can bo made to do duty for tho carrmgo of ordmnry goods, tho interior only differing from the UBual vans m that tho thieo compartments into which it is divided aro fitted np with movable stands to hold seventy-two cans of milk each, which stands close up when not in use, and tho space can bo niado avadablo for butter, cheoso, hacon, «lo It is intended to build sulhciout ears from this model to supply all tho cooling stations in the agricultural districts throughout tho colony Tho military establishment of Victoria (says tho Melbourne Age) authorisod for 18S9isn littlo less than that of 18S8, but it includes im- provements in oigamsation, and tho actual strength of tho force shows a satisfactory approach to tho authorised number In 1S88 the establishment waB as follows -Permanent Forcos, 32o , Militia, 3097 Mounted Riflos (Volunteers), 1000 Ambulance Corps, 60, total, 4473 Besides these troops there wero over 3000 Cadets, nearly G00 Rifle Volunteers, a Militia Reservo of over 1100, and Borne other details for which au establishment was not specified Tlie new establishment of per- manent and mihtm is 3301, being 81 less than tho 3382 of last year At the beginning of this year their actual strength was 3230, or 113 short of tho establishment Tho nctunl strength of all bianohes on tho 1st January was -Permanent Torce«, 290, Cavalry, 69, Nordonfolt Battery, 29 (3 over establishment), Ticld Artillery, 2o«i Gainson Artillery, G24, Engineers, 1 ol 1st Battalion of Rifles, 486 , 2nd Battalion, 501, 3id Battalion 433 (30 above establishment), 1th Battalion, 38J, medical staff, 10 , re=eivo of officers, 88, Mounted Rifles, 910, Biflo Volunteers, 571, Mditia Ambulanco, 19 , Volunteer Ambulance, 60 Cadets, 300o Tho militia reserve wa3 1130 strong This gives a total effective strength of 7921 for tho activo branohes and 93J1 of all olassoa Under the now establish- ment tho jiermancnt and mihtia branches require 62 to complete their strength The Mounted Rifles want GI, and the Riilo Volunteers 178 The Permanent Artillery aro 39 under strength, and tho state of that branch is pueh that there will bo considerable difficulty in keeping it up The increased (establishment of tho Militia Garrison Artdlory leaves room for 93 The Rifle Battalions are 103 Bhort, owing to the increase of the 3rd Battalion's strength from 403 to 503, and some slight déficiences on the old establishment in other battalions An Ordnance, Commissariat, and Tiansport Corps is now returned in the estab- lishment at 63 Tho strength above given can- not be regarded as the actual numbers available for active service, as it includes tho Cadet forco of 3000 Taking the senior Cadets and the most eligible of the junior force, the prosent avaüable force may be estimated at about C80O. A new tenor has appeared in the person of M Jerome, who has just made a highly suc- cessful debut m " Taust " in Pans Fine Irish hnen table damasks of a very superior quality aro now being Bold at Finney, Mes, L Co 's Anyone wanting really first class tablecloths can procure them now from Finney, IBIOB, & Co for the pries usually paid for poor imitations of these rich, beautiful goods -[ADVT ] Tenders are invited by Messrs, Burns, Philp, and Co. for repairs to the stern of the barque Highmoor. Mr. J. H. Buckeridgo invites tenders for the new Lidy Bowen Hospital, AVickham-terraco. The Commissioner for Railways invites tenders for station buildings at Auchenflower, porters' cottages on the Cleveland branch line, and repairs to a crane boiler on the Railway wharf, South Brisbane. The regular monthly meeting of the Toowong Masonic Lodge will be held at the School of Arta this evening. Crawford for School Books and Requisites.-Edward etreet, second door from Charlotte-street.-£A»YT4 