THE DAY WILL COME.. [Published by special arrangement with the said smith Jr. All right reserved.] CHAPTER XXVI.—(Continued). BY M.E. BRADDON. Author of "Lady Audley's Secret," "Vixen," "Ishmael," "Like and Unlike," "The Fatal Three," &c.;, &c.; "I was beginning to respect Juanita for her conduct in the difficult position of a young widow," said Sophia, "but I begin to fear that she is no better than the rest of them, and that her leaving off crape upon her kit gowns is a sign that she means to marry again before the second year of her widowhood v over." ft I*dy Oberitoa's rose gafdea was in daatrer from a failure of Che water in that old ttnhinatd well, which bad hitherto rapjjied the fiowa gardens. 3km bad bees an ananally lac« spell of dry westhor noes the begimmiff of and tlio gardenem weue is Hn Wmgrfnieoiare Mat •?« to fee Chase with |hi? portmanteau, in aeeotaaaes with an euga?,e?aentj?iade the previous wdek, so fovBQ that liord had that moraing given an order for the drilling of tbe old well from twenty to thirty feet deeper. ': There n plenty of water, my bid,** said the bead gardener, •• if w« only go deep eavagh for it." " Very well, Mackenzie, go as deep as yon like, so Mag as yon don't go below the wtter tvofing •f~*m. You had batter pot on plenty of hands. Her ladyabip is uneasy about bar roses, peeing bow yon have been stinting them X! * It has been hard work, my lord, to do one doty by the roses, and keep the lawns in decent otdur. The ground would be as hard as iron if we didn't ate a good deal of water foe tfaegOH?." "Get to work, Mackenzie, and dont waste time in talking about it. Drive &vm; to Gadbj '■ and tell him to send some good men." Tbe conversation took place upon the tertaca directly after Theodora's arrival; and when tbe gardener had gone off to the atattes to Ret the dogcart of all-work Lord Oheriton and his cotain walked in the direction of tbe well. Xbe welt was in one ol the kitchen gardsnt, quite tbe oldest bit of gardes gamni at Oberi ton, a square garden of about two aores, shot in wttfc hnrh eramtaHag old red brick walls, nponxwhieb grew bio* gages and William pears, eeg plums, and apricots, attaining more or less perfection aa the aspect favored them. It was a pleasant garden to dream in upon a rammer afternoon, for there was an air of superabundant growth that was almost tro pical in tbe eeotary-old espaliers, albeit they had long ceased to prodoee meri torious pears and apples, and in the sprawling leaves and ye?ow blossoms of the vegetable Barrows which seemed to be grown for no purpose except to prodoee champion gomds or pumpleuts, to be ultimately bone np as •raameati in the gardener's cottage, or to rot in a earner of a greenhouse. There is alsrays one old greenhouse in such a garden given over to iJtc?uvi?g eptders and ac3Bo9nLxti9g cub bidb In tbe middle of a vegetable marrow warren stood the well—a well of feet in diameter, Burroomded by a low back wall, of that acme bright red brick which crumbled behind the bine gages and the egg plunu, and in which the birds peeked great caverns, for very waati aest, It was a well oi the old pattern, with a ponderous wooden roller and aa iron ■pnflln, which bad wound np water from those same cool depths far over a hundred yean. It had ma dry often, in the time of the Strangways, that good old well; but no Strangway had ever thought of mvprovmir anything upon the estate, ao ia seasons of drought the flowers baa drooped and the turf had withered nnhaadnd by too proprietorial eye, Mb. Gadby'kmaa appeared after their dinner hour, and sot seriously to work by about 3 o'clock, at which hour Theodore and Ltdy Oheriton were strolling in the rose garden after lunch, while the matter of the house sat in the library reading. Theodore bad observed a marked clunge in his cousin since his last visit to Ghenton. There was a worried look in her face which had not been these even after the shock of the murder, a look of nervous appzehensM*, which showed itself from time to time in a aonutenanca whece firmness of chancier and an absolute {earleasnes? bad been hitherto the strongest cfaaiacterutios. He had not yet told bis cousin the result of his interview with Mercy Porte*. He had waited till an opportunity for quiet confiden tial talk should come about aataraUy, and that opportunity now occurred. Xdtfy Ghesitoa left him after half an hour's sauntering inspee tioa of tbe roses, aod he went through the open window into the library where Uod Oberitaa sat in hut large armchair at hia own particular table reading the political survey in the last -Quarterly? "Shall I be disturbing yon if I ait here?' atlced Theodore, taking a volume from the table when the newest books were always to be found* "On tbe contrary, I shall be very glad at a little conversation. I have been struggling throng* an aaalyw of last aestua, which ? all weariness aad vexation of spirit. The aeatioa was dull, the commentary it duller. I am aoxions to know sow yon got en with Mrs. Porto's daughter, "t ** Very badly, I regret to say, from our point of view. She utterly rejects your generous offer. She prefect her present hard life with its jn^CTiftTTTy^iMTis She will accept no oblfesr tioa from anyone. "Humph! She must be a curious young womb," taid liord Chtntoa, with ? vexed air. ** 1 wfiftnlfl have iifr***! very triinA to bave made her life bright and easy if she would have let me—for her father* sake. On what ground did she refuse my offer?* *• On the ground of preferring to work for her living, and to live a hud life. She has taken that «pon herself, I believe, as an expiation for her past errors, although tbe did not say that in so many words. She is wonderfully firm. I ■ever saw each a retotate temper in so young —and ao geaUe-iranneced—:a woman," "Yon tried to overcome her objections, yon represented to her bow easy and pleasant her life might be in some pistoresque village— among the hiPs and lakes, ox by tbe sea—and how she might live among people who would know noting of bar past history, who would grow to care for her aad be fond of her for her own take." "I urged alt tins upon ber. lam as anxious as yon axe that she should leave that dreary attic—that monotonous labor; bat nothing I could aay was of the least tins She was resolute — she would accept nothing bom you, I - Irons ie«—ah, that ;is it V cried lord Cherito? soddenly. " Had tbe offer come from any one else she might have been law stubborn. But from me she will take nothing —not a loaf of bread a the were starving. That is the explanation of her hardness-it is to me the ia adamant. Tell me the truth. Theodore. Dont spare my feelings, Thisgirl hates me, I suppose?" "I fear she has a deeply- rooted prejudice against you. She may—most unjustly—blame son for her misery, because Colonel Tremayne was your friend, "Yes, that ib her feeling no doubt; it is on that account she bates me. Perhaps she is jo?tifieiin her anger, I aught to have shot that scoundrel. Had I lived 60 years sooner I suppose I should have shot him." "Ido?*think yon could have been called upon to do that even by the old code of honor. Memy was not aOSed to you——" "No, tat she dwelt at my Rates, Bum under my protection—she had no other aoao living to defend her. I ought to have punished her seducer—it was incumbent on me to do it. Because then was no one else," he added slowly, after a slight pause. " It may be on that account she rejects your generous offer. I casawt aay, but there was certainly come stroag personal prejudice oa her part She m deeply moved. Bbc bnas into a passion of sobs. " Not from him," she cried, "I will accept nothing bom him. Of all tbe me? upon t*?« earth he «T?*n be the last to help me!" Lord Gberitaa flung the "Quarterly" from him with a passionate gesture, as be started op and began to walk up and down tbe long clear space ia front of the five window*. "Theodore," he said suddenly, "Ton have not yet come face to face with all the problems of life. Perhaps you have not yet found out how hard it is to besp people. I would have given much to be able to help that girl—to assure her an easy and reputable existence — the requirements of We amidst pieamnt sur renaiKDgs. What would it matter to me whether I aPawcd her one hundred or twobuo dred a year I ABI desire is that bet life should be happy. And oi detOierrte naltee—of sheer perversity—she rejects my help, she doom* her self to the seamstress's slavery, and to a garret mlambeth. My God, to Brink Chat with ail the will aad afttfatt power to kelp her, I cannot cove Ijet^essi hes*and Uiaf wwitirt misery. Itisbard, Ttiendnre, it is very bard upoa a man like me. There ia asthing" I need of this world's Rood* that I have not worked for honestly; and when I want to do good for otters with what I have won I am haired by their folly. Itisenougttto make me mad. Never before bad Theodore seen this self abaadonment in bis stately cousin, the man who bore io every tone and every Restore the impress of the acknowledged accendaney over his fellow-nice. To see such a man as this so completely unhinged by a woman's perversity was a new thing to Theodore Dalbrook:and his heart want out to his kinsman at it had never done before. " My dear Oheriton, yon have done all that was in your power to do for that mistaken youag woman," he.saU, holding out bis band" which th? elder mas> gassssd watajiy. "Whateverwrong yo?arayaa** nswittiagty btoogbl about by the presence of ablackgaacd under your root, yon have done your best to atonofo* Oat wrong—4be most sensitive, the meet fW?Ctilic?S of men coold do aw ssoie." "I thank ytm, Theodora, fatium sympathy. Yes; I have dene my beat fof her—yoa wul bauwitaento that.* "A father could ssarwlj do am for an eiriog daughter. I only wish her motber feR half m kindly towards her as yon, upon wham her claim is to slight." "No, no; it is a «*bstantial claim. She i? fatfaerlen, and her motber ig dependent npon me. I stand, as it ware, in toco ptreati*. Well, ire will say no more about her; she moat go her own way. Only it ever yo* find an opportneity of helping her—lor me, yarn will do me a great favor by taking prompt ad vantage of it." "I shall gladly do to. lam interested in her for her «wo take, M well aa for yours." "You an a good feUew, Theodore, awl I know yon wiab v well. I will go a step farther than that and Bay I know that I can boat yon," This tv said with ao wnraOneaa which im pressed Theodore. It teemed to him almost a* if hii «-*™«- foresaw that inevitable hour in which there most be perfect unreserve between them—is which the younger man would have to a?y to hi* senior and superior in rank, I know tne eeaet of your earlier yean. I know the dark cloud that has erershadow?d you life. They talked for a £Ws while of ndifterent subjects, and then Lord Ghetiton proposed a stroll in the direction of the well. "X should tike to see whether those fellow* have begun work," he said. The old garden looked its sleepiest is the westering sunlight, bat there was business going on there nevertheless, and a great heap of damp clay bad been flung out by the side « of the low brick parapet. Two men wen at work below, and there were two men above, while a fifth, a foreman and leading light, looked oa and gave dixastuas. "Glad to ace you've tackled &c; job, Cartel,'' ■aid Lord Qheribnv "Yea, my lord, we're got on to it pretty well. Coald I have a ward with yonx lordshio 2 s "Certainly, as many ward* aa you Hke. Howmyatenens you look, Carter. There m nothing in your communication that Mr. ffrftl~ brook v not to bear, I suppose?" "No, nry bod, Mr. Dalbrook don't matter, but 1 thonght yon wouldn't oace tor everybody to know, Ist it should get round to her lady ship and give her a scare." " What are yon driving at. Carter, with your ladyships and ) our scares! Have you seen a ghost at the bottom of the well V "No, my lord, but the mat found this in the (nrfacecjay, and I thought it might haw acme bearing-optm—last year—the murder." He dropped oat hi* words hesitatangly, as if he hardly dared approach that ghastly theme, and then took s>methinst from hie ptffitefft "*fl handed it to Lord aheritsa. II was a Golfs revolver, by no means of the newest make, rotted by tying long under water. The foreman had amased las leisure sinoe the discovery in trying to rob off the net with ■ large cotton handkerchief, —lit ad by his corduroy coat sleeve, and had ameeded in polishing a small silver-piste upon the butt of the pistol ao as to make the fnitiala "T. D." engraved npon it easily decipherable. There waa not mash in. the discovery per hape, but by the ghastly change in liord Oberiton'a face Theodora saw that to him at leait it appeared of supreme impartaaee. Ha hand shook as be held the pistol, Us eyea had a look of absolute horror aa they scrutinised it; and nothing could be more obvious than the effort with which he cnrtrolTnd his agitation, and looked from the buSder'a fare- to Theodore with assumption, of tran* qoflliiy. "It may mean much, or nothing, Carter," he said, putting the pistol in hat pock**. "It was quite right of yon to fang the matter before me." "I thought the initials on the pistol might lead to something being found out, my lord," said the foreman, who wished to.mike the most of hia find. " I dont think then can be much doubt the amrrWirer chnchwl it in there." " Dont yon? I have gone into the subject of eueumstantial evidence a little deeper than you have, Carter; it was my trade, dont you know, jutt aa laying bricks was yonr*, and I can tell you that the odds an ten to one against this pistol having belonged to the murderer. Do jot think a likely that the man who shot Sir Godfrey Camwchaal would have gone out of his way to throw hi* pistol down that par ticular wdir " I dont know about that, my lard, it woidd have been a very cafe bidnag-pHoe if the water hadnt given out; and it would be in his way tfbeweremakingforiheWcatGate, Heconld hardly have taken a shatter eat than across tbisjarden." "Perhaps not, if both gates an open at Bight" "I dont think anybody ever hut them anas* my lord, night or day," answered Carter, with tespeeUul penuteaey. Theodore knew by the very look of the clumsy wooden doors, poshed back agamatthe old wall, with rusty hinges, and with the ten drills of vine orphan face growing over their edge*, that the man was right. The path across this garden and the next garden led in a direct line to the west ledge, and it was ton way by which the servants went on meet of their errand* to tto vfflapje. The one idea angajeated by the choiae of that faiding-plaoe was that the pacson who threw away that piaM waa familiar with the pre mise*. The well was about thirty feet away from the path, and screened off in somewise by the old esnusen. There was * gap in the npaGers where an ancient and cankecsd apple tree had been taken out, and it was by Una opening that the gardeners generally went to draw water. They had trodden a haxd foot trade io their gtring and coming. It waa always possible that a stranger ex ploring tike gronnds furtively and in haste might have been sharp encash, to bit npon the well as a safe and haac> Wing-ptaoa. It would, of course, have been vital to fhs mur derer to get rid of hia weapon as soon aa he could after the deed waa done, lest be should be taken red handed and with that piece of evi dence Upon liiwi- Thesdore eaar in that pistol with the imtnla "T.D." eeohrmatofy evidence against the hnsband of Mrs. Daxrrers, the one person in the world who had god ground for an un dying hatred of Lord Cbentau and bis nee. He made no remark npon thediasovery of the weapon, fearing to aay too much; and he waited quietly to see how sob Idnanan would act in the matter. That ghastly change in Jjord Cberiton's cAiHit'ftMWft as he examined the pistol suggested that he had come to the came conclusion as Theodore. Remorse and horror could hardly have been more plainly ex pretted by the human countenance, and what remorse could be mare terrible than that of the man who saw the sin of his youth visited upon his innonrat daughter. "Shall yon take any steps with reference to this discovery?' asked Theodore, when they had (tone half way back to the home in absolute silence. "What steps can I take, do yon think? Said for another London detective—or for the same man again—aadeiva him this pistol? To what cad? Ha woald be a* nearer finding the murderer because of tbe finding of tto putoV '?The mitiab might lead to identification." "Sid you never near of anch a thing aa* secondhand pistol? And do yon think an inui? woold make me of a pistol with bis own initials upon it to commit ■raider? Ido not." " Not the prof e?rionalassa??in—bat we ace I allagned that this nuixdec waa an. act of ven geanoe—for some reason at nreeent nnknov?— I for such a motive would not be likely to do : hit work very neatly. Hia brain would be fevered by passion or alcohol, in all proba bility, and he would go to work blindly.^ *• That i* no more than a theory, my dear I Theodore, and my experience has shown me that each theories are generally falsified by fact The murder was so far neatly done that , the murderer got dear off, in spite of a most rigorous tearcn. Idcubt if the pistol, with initials which may belong to anybody in the world, will help us to track him after a year and a half." i'Then yon mean to do nothing in the matter?" "I think not. I cannotsee my way to doing anything at present—but if yon like to take the pittol to Scotland Yard and see what im pression it makes, npon the experts there—" "I fihonM much like to do so. X cannot ignore the fact that so long as Sir Godfrey's murderer remain* ondiaoovered, there v m pos sibility of peril far yog and for Jwaaita ana for Jnanita's child. Who cm teU whether that detdly hatted is appeased—whether the man who killed your daughter's hnsband hi not on the watch to kal yon o* yonr daughter when he ccgs fail Qpsortu&isx; • "AaformjselfrTheodore, I must take my chance. X wooM to God that the ball had struck me instead of Godfrey. It would have been better—a lighter cbjatuement. I have UvedmyHfe. I have dene all I ever hoped to do in this world. A few yean more or Urn ; conW matter very little to me. And yet, life U sweet; Theodore, life is sweet! However ; heavily we are bandioapped we most of aa would choose to finish oar race." > There was infinite melancholy in bis tone, the melancholy of a man who sees- the shadows of a gnat despair darkeniae; mmd bias, the ' melancholy of a man who gives up the contest of life wo" feela that he is beaten. ! "Do not aay anything- to my wife abont this butmesa," he said, "let her fa* happy a>long at the can. She has not forgotten last gammer, but she i? beginning to fee something Kke what she was below that blow fell upon as, Tto advent of Juanha's baby has warned wonders. There is eemething to look forward to in tnaccMldit wualuucu We fat no Danger a cul de-sac." " Then is one thing to be done," said Theo dore aftar an interval «f eOeaee. • The bullet ' now kjept, of course." i ••Yea, it ia in the possession of the palioe, I sewatain if itfttn > Oe pittol you have in yenr paaket V ', "Tea. I wflJ po to the sutien to-morrow ncDcek into that." Tber* «*?*? more ■? abaaUhvwistsl that tiering. tbeofecc Colt flu* ft wH to cmelty to dwell apontne ■abject hook that his kinsman tad ben deeply ASMr the discovery, and tuat be was oppressed by * gloom srbich he strove in vain to shake off. It «n evident to Theodore that tbow initials en ths {Mot bad a fatal atgaffM?ce lot Lord Gberiton. that be recognised in tboae initials the evidence ot an injured bntband'a revenge, the long-hoarded wrath of a doeged viadwtrraees, a hatred which m &■ fiMdahablebyti?e. He toll himself that the r,?.?«tin«?« of that revenge might be accounted foe by various eonting??ciee. any one of which woold lessen the improbability of that long interval between the wrong dose and the retrttnttioa exacted. It night fee that the nmidetec bad been an exile, ■ wanderer in a distant world. It might be tbat he bad been a criminal langaiahiag in a fens'* prison, noising bis aogtriatbeaoU* dead days of panal servitude. * Such things have been. It wm clear to Theodore Dalbrook'tfaat ia tboie initials upon the Colt's revolver lay tfa3 dnetottie?nmlecet,«nd that Lord ObetHon abraok with.borror from fin revelation «Keh those two letters night bring aboat. Yet, whatever erfi might come upon the matter of Oheriton oat of the secret part, it was vital tbat the murderer should be found, lest bis second crime should be more bideow than his tint, and Theodore was resolved Oat he would snassao effort in the endeavor to find him, livibg or dead, "God grant thai I may find a grave ratbes than the living man," be thought, " for Cheri haVaaake. Ged gnat tbat he may be spared cbs imroiKation of baring his story told to all the world," He west into Cbonta village eady opes the following afternoon, and dropped mason the doctor, an old inhabitant, whose father aod grandfather: before him had prescribed foe all the parhh, rich aad poor. Mr. Bogle, par txee?enee Dr. Bogle, was a bachelor, a spare, sharp- vissged man of abort forty, evcnl aad ex poiuiv?. a keen apsctssaan, aad • good bOhacd player, a nan whose lines bad bean set in pleasant places, fcr he bad inherited a roomy «M « n ?. e . i ?{n. mT «^ r , Tff ?.?.T~ ; —r*tin *f acres of the fattest meadow land ia Oheritnw parish, and he led exactly that load of fife which his soul loves. It would have been actually no gam to eneh a man to have changed places with?arsa ?"«-r*iM or liozd Satis bury. He wonld save been in all tbat con stitutes baman happiness a loser by cash an exchange. So cheery a parson was aataaDy popular ia a narrow world ffke Gberibav aaf il>. Bogle was a general favorite, a favatftein pdute society, aaaia the bO?ard-rooea at the Chprifam Anna, whieh,indefaaHef any <Ul served as the afternoon and eMnsr rendezvous for lawyer, doctor, and the tenant farmers of a RaaUemaaly class— the smock-frock farmers and «—*-yi|-fTn' having their own P"* 1"'* I*'1 *' imhijhu place at the Old Home at Home, a small inn at the other end of the village. Theodore had known Mr. Begin from his chiMhnod, and the medical adviser of Oberiton was an oosarional dropper in at the lmebeon table m Gorab3l vbsa bnsiness Uanytinn with his taSor or baa banker took him to the county town. There was nothnw araaaaf therefore m Tbeodwrt altemooncall at the Doveeotss,a somewbat piotnretque name which bad been Riven to tbe doctor's domicile by his predecessor, who had devoted bis briar years t> an ardent cultiva tion of Barbs aad Jacobins with pradfebns wattlee, and who bad covered a qurterof am acre of garden grocad wits pigeon's hnawi of vanons cswJtmctio?, fTebctcmtrniatd.) 