THE STORY-TELLER. THE GHOST'S WAY A MUSICIAN'S STORY. (BY R. T. W. DUKE, JR.) XI. (Continued.) And with this disappointment rankling in his soul he left me. I walked to the hall that night with a feeling of relief so great that it almost overcame the usual feeling of horror and reluctance with which I approached a performance. I found the hall packed and jammed, and the applause that greeted my ap pearance was, I think, the heartiest I ever received. The usual cold chill took hold of me as I seated myself at the instrument; the phantom fingers grasped my own and I played on just as usual. I suppose I had executed about two-thirds of the number of pieces I usually gave and had retired for a rest behind the wing when Skab came round and spoke to me. " You are not playing in your usual style." said he, " what's the matter ?" I told him that I was unaware of any difference. But I was conscious I was not exactly candid in the statement, for there was a nervousness apparent to my- self and a strange tremulousness in the fingers that grasped my own. I returned on the stage and took my seat. Just before I stretched my arms to the keyboard I happened to raise my eyes and saw in the box just in front of me the most gloriously beautiful woman I ever looked upon. She was not exactly a blonde, yet not brunette, with a rich chesnut hair and exquisite complexion, and eyes the light of no Italian-sky ever equalled ; blue they might have been, for black they were not, but if blue it was like the azure of the illimitable sky reflected in the depths of the un- fathomable ocean. You lost yourself look- ing in them. I saw that this beautiful creature was watching me intently. Her rich red lips were parted, so that a gleam of her snow- white teeth could be seen between them. She was leaning slightly forward, and before I touched a key I felt that I could not withdraw my eyes from the strange light that gleamed in hers. And yet I was conscious that she while watching he was looking beyond me, over my shoulder, and if I could have done so I would have turned my head. But be- fore I could stir a muscle the hand seized me with a grip—this time so hard I gave an involuntarily cry—and I heard as if in a dream, the opening strains of Schubert's seranade. Never have I heard anything play this witching music as I then heard it. But, for once my sense of hearing was dimmed, so completely had the sense of sight taken possession of me, so entirely was I lost in the gaze of the magnificent eyes that looked through and beyond me, that I only knew when the music ended by the applause of the audience. 