DR. RAINY ON THE LOVE OF THE WORLD. ON the evening of Sunday week, Dr. Rainy preached to an overflowing audience in the Town Hall. The doctor, who looks about 75 years of age, appeared on the platform wearing a plain pulpit gown. He is of medium height, with white hair and whiskers, and firm, clearly cut features. His voice is clear and distinct, and we should say he was well heard. He conducted the whole service unaided, and took as his text I. John, ii. 15, " Love not the world," &c.; He said the Epistle was one mainly of Christian experience. It turned upon the two poles of know ledge and love. The Apostle saw Christian life as moving in these two elements. In giving ad monitions to various classes, he was led to say: Love not the world. What did the text mean ? The question was a very practical and trenchant one. Here we are in the world, manifold mighty, soliciting, pre- occupying, pouring in upon with a mighty tide of life which never slackened for a moment ! What did the Apostle mean ? Many had laboured to make out his meaning and put it into practice. The old monks and nuns who tried to discover the meaning of this injunction were at least in right earnest not to go wrong, not to fail to come up to the meaning. If we were wiser than they were, let us be sure that we were not less sincere and thorough. There •were a number of common sayings about the world, such as that it was fleeting, sin-Stained, and mixed in every way, but these sayings did not bring much conviction, or shed much light. There was, however, another side to the question, which at times made itself sensibly felt. The world was our home. It was the place of our bixtli and dwelling. It was the surrounding in which we were set. It possessed for us a thousand adaptations. It consisted of an assemblage" of God's creatures in their relations to one another and to ourselves. The world was the material of our life. Life would stop if were separated from the world. Life was made up of reactions between us and the world, and the world and us. It was full of creatures, forces, and experiences ; of men and women, and some of them so dear. And if the world were so fleeting,that was only a Teason why our love should be more wistful, more pathetic, not why it should be killed. If it were imperfect, all things were imperfect, but we did not refuse to deal with them for that reason. What then was the meaning of this solemn voice which came sounding down to us through the ages, " Love not the World ? " We remembered that Christ prayed that His disciples might not be taken out of the world, but kept from the .evil. Yet there must be some deep meaning jn the warning, especially when we remembered the misunderstanding, which existed between the world and Christ. That meaning was embodied in the life and history of Christ. To find the meaning, we must begin with Him who came into the world from the Father. To that quarter •We; must look for light. When we began with Christ, we realized that with His coming there came to light a new world, a world of faith, of heavenly light, of spiritual realities, and spiritual forces, a world of which Christ is the centre, a world in which Grod reveals Himself to men, and in which His heart reaches the heart of man. It is a world of hope, linked with the world to come ; a world of new and wosderful love, the meaning of which lies in the love of God manifested in Jeans Christ. It is when we take our stand at this point, that this familiar world begins to be intelligible ; then we understand that in Christ Jesus this jvorld which seems so manifold and great, of which we ourselves are a part, is itself only a part of a new and larger world, of a new and larger life, the centre of which is elsewhere. Then this old world itself begins to have new light falling upon it. It is summoned to take a suboidinate part in a wider kingdom. It falls into a place in which it is dominated by new principles, and searched by a new light, in which all its elements have a new meaning. It does not lose its worth ; rather its worth suffers a change by which it becomes of more interest, filled with divine meaning, divine discipline, divine probation, proving character, testing loyalty to God. This world, as a field for life consecrated to the service of God, has a higher interest than before. The lives of the followers of Christ become more loving, they acquire new grace, tenderness, and depth, because this world is no more their world. It is not in the old sense our world and our home ; it becomes a region in which for a time they were called to move while they lived by faith, and waited for the appearing and kingdom of Christ. Then the question might be asked, why not love the world ? Why may the world not fall into harmony with our duty to Christ ? Why may we not enjoy the world and and take the most out of it ? The answer was that as long as the present life lasts, the Christian life must be one of watchfulness and conflict, because the. world is so related to tliesefallen hearts that it is always claiming to be more to us than it ought to be. It is always tending to lead us in the wrong direction. Love not the world because in this life the heart is not steady in the love of the Father and of the Son. As long as life lasts we are in a condition in which the solicitations of the world reach these fallen hearts. Deleterious seductive mists arise and obscure the better country. Strange visions seduce us. Therefore the purpose of the true hearted Christian is, I will not love the world. There must be a choice as to where the centre of the soul's regard is found, as to which pole the heart and life mainly turn and flow. The question may be asked, is this a reasonable life ^ The reply is, we ourselves judge it to be reasonable. Not always in our own case, but in the case of Gordon, and Livingstone, and others whose lives were given up to God and goodness. The verdict in their case is that they did well, and that their conduct was reasonable. Let the heart speak, and the heart would say that man was not made to spend himself on vanishing good, but so to deal with vanishing good that strength and heart and life may be given to a better, higher, and eternal world; It might be further asked was this life practicable for them ? He knew of no argument, no vision of the higher good, no series of attractions or seductious that were in themselves sufficient to draw the heart to this higher world and keep it there. It was practicable only in Christ. It must begin there. In Him is the image of the Christian life ; life in the world, yet not of it; a life true to the Father, the he^rt of it the cross. In Him we realised reconciliation to that life. In Christ we found ourselves on the side of God and goodness, and God and goodness on our side. In Christ the gift of the Holy Ghost was assured, making the higher life practicable. It must begin in Christ. There was no other door into the peace, joy, and gladness of that life. To young people he might say, when they came to decide what is worldly and what is not, what it is to be a happy thorough follower of Christ, and how to use the world to secure that end, they must use their own judgements. Let them not be the servants of men. If they would be servants of Christ they must find out for themselves. It was their business to be honest followers of Christ, and to find out what would agree with sincere devotion to Him. Let none be content without learning for themselves, in ways originally their own. They should not go to biographies, but should find out for themselves on their knees from Christ what it meant for them to follow Christ and do the will of the Father. There was a cross iu this, but do not believe that it is nothing but a cross. It was a revelation of a wonderful love, which knew well how to make us happy, wise, glad, strong, in time and eternity. The discourse which was extempore wag listened to with breathless attention. The collection taken,up was devoted to the Jubilee Fund.of the Presbyterian Cnurch of South Australia. 