HUMOUR. SchulU— What was going on over nt your I hoiiHo lust night ': It Hounded liko an earth- I tiuuko. Miller— Oh, nothing nt all ; it wus a \ moro trillo, in fact. My wifo asked why 1 [ uimo homo so late.— Texas .StyVi»-/». It is not until a man becomes rich in money —and mean for the sako of getting money— ( that ho finds out how littlo comfort and I pleasure aud how fow renl frionds money will I bring him.— -Yw Orlnnu I'ieni/unr. h Two Charming Girls.— Sho— »j yon not J think, Mr. Hornoy, that Clara Ilcndrix is a S very charming girl ? 3tr. J lorsoy (with great J delicacy)— Well, yes, Miss Ph.nlms, but you ,; cm givu hor teu pounds aud beat her bauds ,? | down. I First da-no— What shall wo do to-dny V | Lot's go to tUu mutim'o. Second dame— | Can't; wo haven't auj money. It t:iko^. I money to go to the theatre.' First d'lmo-'jy. t 'So it doos. I did not thiuk of that. Well, I lot's go shoppiug. £ 'John,' said Mrs. Hawkins, ns thoy were j going homo fi-onichurnh, ' why did tha mm- I ister cull the dovo that brought back a gnvu E twig to the ark 'ho'?' ' I don't know, re- I plied John ; ' unless it wits that if tho dovo i had been a fem.ilo she couldn't havo kept ht-r | ninuth closed long enough to got tho bough I to tho ark ;' and there was an illfceling in I that household all tho rost of tho diy. | Sammy (who is novor allowed t'i stay out f of school)—1 Howdio Hurlbut didn't como to f scluiL.1 all day.' Mamma— ' Why tint ?' j Sammy—' 'Ciuso his mother died. AN lion I you die may I stay homo all day V Mitmiiri . f — ' Yes, darling ; ymi may stay limno i a wholo week then.' Sammy (suspiciously) — ' Oh, I know ; you moan to dio iu vacu- j tion.'— 'Life. I 'You havo my decision, Clara,' ho said ; 1 I cannot walk with you if you have to drag that poodle along. You must choose between him mid mo. It rests with you if our engage ment shall be broken.' ' Oh, Georgo ! tho ip-irl ronliod. ' it's so sudden. You must ;riro mo it weok to think it over. Ono wtfk^. George, and you shall rocoivo your nnswer.fly. — Xew York Sun. Husband (who Ins advertised for a lyp'J wrilor oxpert)— ' Did mviy call to-day, m-- dear, in nnswor to tlio advertisement '( ?\\\r|fo_i yC5- (juii^j n tiuuibor ; but there is only ono applicant whom I told to call again. Ho seems bright and I'm suro you will liko him.'' Husband— ' Whit wns tho troublo with tho rest ?' Wifo— ' They wore all youug women.' — Xeic York ?Sim. wife (witnessing the play of ' Ten Nlght.i in a Bar-roiim')— ' Whtt a frightful curso rum is, John, ruining S'.- many livos nnd wrecking the happiness of thousands of inno cent*. What a moral this piny should t«nili and what, a warning it should bo?' Husband (reaching out for his hat)—' Ye.s, hub- oil, my dear.' Wifo— 'Aroyougomg, John!' Husband —Just want to step outsido n mom-jut to seo a man.' — Xric York Sun. ' Onntlomon,' 8»id tho littlo man, ns ho looked at his wateh, rose to his feet, and tonk his hut, 'it is now nine- thirty ,uml I promised my wifo I would bo homo nt ti-n. In matters of' this kind I am rigid and inlloxible. When my wife asks m-3 to como homo at t o't'l'Jvrf' hour and I promise to il'i so I am firm as nw inaut in fulfilliiig tho promiso. Decision -«^' character, irontloincn,' ho coiillnu?d, as ho r thoughtfiiUyrubbedabirge, triangular shaped lump ovor his luft oar, ' is imlinpensiblo to any man who o\pect.s tn hold his position un questioned as tho bend of tho family. Gentlemen, good-ovening.'— Vhicijo Tii tuns. Tho vnryiV.g emotions springing from a snow-white gown of brocade given with a force and power that woro out low nnd wurn ovor ft tuoker of fiuo oldlaco, evincing skil ful oxpvosslon of subdued passion uml hnnging sleeves of broeado pufl'ed up so as not to oancoal tho apparent faults of elivution aiulnnliquo girdloof turqnoiso and brilliant medallions joined by a rare rofinomout nt spcomnnd motion whioh convoy n gown ot dead-leaf brown cloth, slit up tho sides nnil open iu front over an ourno.stnoss which is never subordiu-ito to tho roboof black satin, whioh is a mass of jet oniamonts from throat to honi, displaying a much higher order of \ dramatio ability thau sho ovinood last season. ( A vory poor notor in B ? ? ha I pliiy''1 y tho purt of tho Ghost in ' Hamlet ' for '''-W years. Snphir, tho Uorinan wit, sooing ht J, ' snid : ' It would bo a good thing if this nun gave up the ijh -nt, si) tlmt somobody nl'O oould tako his part.' Hearing surpriso ex pressed because Rdlstab m-ido no sonsrilion during his stay in Paris, Suphir remarked : ' That's perfectly natural ; ho was travelling incognito uu'ler tho namo of lloll.stab.' A young poet oneo sont tho- humorist nn ' O.lo to Immortality,' roquosting his opinion of it. Saphir returned tlio manuscript with tho mossago : '.Thlspaokago will novor roaeh its address.' - Threo porsons,' remarked tho wit. ' slcon souudlv — a child, a cornso, and a night watchman.' During his sojourn in X ——Saphir was frequently in tho society of n well-known theatrical malinger whoso _ dull ness was notorious. ' How strange it is tlmt my logs go to sleep ovory day !' ho romarkod. , 'ilowo\nyou wonder?' roturned Saphir; \ ' thoy arc always in your company.' 