UNDER SENTENCE OF DEATH. The' number of those who have spent a fortnight in prison with the know ledge that at the end of that time they would be ' hanged by tlie neck till they were dead' is (says a London paper) presumably small. But many must have tried to imagine what it would be like, and those who are curious on the subject will derive considerable assistance from a remark able report which the Abbd Faure has made to the French Government. Judging from the observations he has made on the behaviour of condemned men, it would appear that to even the most hardened criminal the period between sentence and execution is one of cruel torture. Tiie prisoner during the daytime may seem tolerably cheer ful and take advantage of whatever comes to break the monotony of prison life. He will seek for amusement, be occupied in reading, talking to his visitors, or attending to the chaplain ; but night is awful to him. Sleep he fears, for its evil dreams, but let him keep awake till what hour he may, neither can he slumber tranquilly nor keep from awaking early in the morn ing. And this state of feeling appears to culminate in the night before the execution. Of eleven murderers whom the Abbe attended at the last moment, three only were asleep when called upon. If any proof were needed of the manner in which the sentence weighs npon them, he says, it would be furnished by the difference between a prisoner sentenced and the same man reprieved. On one morning he is ill, feverish, sleepless, breath lessly inquiring about his fate ; and the next, with the prospect of a life long toil at the galleys before him, he is spirited, bright and cheerful. Outside the prison walls it is fre quently asserted that death is prefer able to imprisonment for life ; but it is evident that those who talk in this way never spent a night under the death-sentence. If they had, they would have said, with the ghost of Achilles, 'Better to serve a landless man than bear sway over all the kingdoms of the dead.' At least, such is the conclusion we draw from the observations of the Abb* Faure. A little method is worth a good deal of memory. 