Pathetic Stories. In verses of weird power, entitled " The Lights of Leith/' Robert Buchanan tells a pathetic tale of the witch-burning days'. ; A ship is neaping Leith, on the deck of which stands the mat&'Jvho has been absent from home fox&ffenty; years". As he views the fires which burn on the quay he thinks eagerly of the welcome his old mother will give him, her only son- . And I lang and lang to sei ance mair The oot by the side o' the sea, j, And to find my gray auld mither there, f ' Waiting and watching for me. He resolves to ask her forgiveness for his unkind ness, to pour the gold he has earned into her lap, and to " dress her out like a lady grand." But ?when he lands he learns that hii mother has been falsely accused of using witchcraft,. and con demned to death by fire. He rusheB madly to ward tho "balefires" whioh burn on the quay. He recognises the form of his aged mother in the corpso whioh is bound to the stäke. In his agony ho staggers forward, and falls dead among the burning embers. ,«:. The story of Enoch Ardon, as told by Tennyson is very pathetic. Annie Lee . is <_ loved by Pljilip Ray and Enoch Arden. She loves and marries Enoch. Some years afterward ho goes ona long voyage, leaving behind his wife and children. Ten years pass ; and no news; "of him is , heard. Philip Ray, after long wooing, persuades Annie to be his wife. Enoch's vessel had been wrecked on an uninhabited island. Hero ho lived during those ten weary years. At last a passing ship observed his signals, and took him home. He found his own house empty; and, dreading .to hear of his wife's death, he went to a neighboring tavern, and remained there several days. The landlady, not recognising him, told him of his wife's Becond marriage, and how "Enoch, poor man, was cast away and lost." He, shaking his gray head pathetically, re peated, muttering, " Cast away and lost." Again, in deeper inward whispers, " Lost !" He thought, " If I might look on her sweet face again, and know that she is happy." In tho dull November twilight he went to Philip's house. Through the window he saw his wife and children and Philip seated by the fire, and he staggered and shook, and "feared to send abroad a shrill and terrible cry." Then he turned softly away and, kneeling on tho oarth, prayed, and resolved not to reveal his presence, and not to destroy the happiness of that new home. He returned to the inn, and on the third night afterward ,; ; -. There carne so loud a calling of the sea That all tho houses in the haven rang. He woke, he rose, he spread his arms abroad, Crying, with a loud voice, " A sail I a sail I I ara sav'd !" and so fell back aud'spoke no more. The sad fate of Helen of Kirkconnell, as'related in an old ballad of the Border Minstrelsy, is very plaintive and affecting. Andrew Fleming loved Helen Irving, daughter of ttíe Laird of Kirk connell, in Dumfriesshire, Scotland. The lovers being together one evening by the river Kirtle, a rival suitor suddenly appeared on the opposite bank, and pointed IIÍB gun. Helen threw herself ; before her sweetheart, received; the bullet, and died in his arms. Then Adam'- Fleming fought with his guilty rival, and' slew him. But he never ceased to bewail the sad fate of Helen : . ¡ I wish I were where Helen, lies I Night and day on me she'cries ; Oh, that I were where Helen lies, , On,fair Kirkconnel lea ! The story of « Auld Robin Gray," as told by Lady Lindsay in the well-known song, has .'pr,o ; found pathos. " Young Jamie " loved " Jenny," but, having only a crown in his possession',1 de cided that it wotild not be advisable to marryat present; and, therefore, " to make a crown; a pound" he went to sea. ¡ When he had been-gbne a year, Jenny's father-broke hisVarm, her mother , fell sick, and the cow was stolen.' " Auld Robin Gray " aided them in their difficulties. News came that Jamie's ship Was wrecked ; and Robin Gray asked Jenny to marry him.', . - My faither urgit sair, my mither dinnispeak, .t ,,. . But she lookit iu my face till my heartwas like to break. : " So, she gave her hand ' to - Robin, though ". her heart...was at the sea." A month after, hör marriage Jamie, returned, and greeted her at the door with tho words, " I'm .come back, love, to marry thee.'' Jenny told her sad tale ; thejr; wept bitterly ; took one kiss ;' ami parted forever; Jenny's quiet despair is very touching. Here is thelast verse of the song ' * i } sung like a ghost, nndT.c'arena tb spin, I darena think on Jamie, for that'wad be a sin ; * But I'll do my best a guid.wife to be ; . . . . ' ' For auld Bobin Grayis a kihd<man to nie.. ¿ There are few incidents in literature more', pathetic than that which is related in Longfellow's " Evangeline." ' When the people of Acadia were cruelly exiled, Evangeline and-her lover Gabriel were parted. Through many years .they sought each other in vain. At last one night a raft, on which Evangeline and her friends;lay asleep, was moored beside an island in .-the'';Mississippi.- A light, swift boat, urged by ^the sinewy arms of hunters and trappers, glided close under the lee of the island. Gabriel, restless and unhappy/sat" at the helm : ' ?'. Alas, they saw not the raft, whero it lay conceaï'dinthe willows, And undisturb'd by the dash of their oars, and unseen were the sleepers; . .. . ? Angel of God! was there none to awaken the slumbering maiden ? " . Swiftly they glided away, like the shade of a cloud, on the prairie. Í . So the maiden and her lover passed by unknown ?to each other, and continuèd their weary quest. Thc last surviving granddaughter of the re nowned Flora Macdonald has just died in Chelten ham, aged 82. She was the child of Flora's sori;, Ulonel John Macdonald, and inherited both her grandmother's name and her Jacobite tendencies, j^a»niiig a devoted Stuart sympathiser to the A peculiarly novel letter has just been sent by an inhabitant of Bath to a friend at Trowbridge. It was Avrittën in shorthand' on" the back of a postage stamp; the address being in ordinary writing. Tho missive was dropped into tho lettor-box at tho Bath Post-oflicö, and was duly' delivered at its destination. . 