'I E From the LITERARY WORLD. Aalkeuad to Tduan. By Charles B. Corning, (London and Paisley: Alexander Gardner) Aalesend to Tetnan is an account of a European tour made by an American gentleman who was not in a hurry. He knew how to drift, and was no happily master of circumstances as to be able to follow his impulse whithersoever it might lead him. The book opens w?ith his ,leparture fromnt Egland for France-rit the Channel Islands, t route which he earnestly recommends to his countrymen, adding regret fully: "But they won't take it." Sweden and Norway, Germany and Russia, Italy and Spain are visited in turn. During his stay' in Spain this flaneur en ronyale is tempted to run across to the African Coast and have in look at Tetan, and is amply rewarded for the effort Next after Aalesund,.Tetuan seems to. have made the most lively iinpression upon his ilmigination. The charms of this Moorish stmnghold were, perhaps, enhanced by the dilicoulties of gaining access to it. TETUAN BT NIGHT. -"We camo across camel trains and men on foot, and an hour before we reached our des tination a brace of sturdy soldiers joined our little party and kept with us to the end. In the fast gathering night-shades the indistinct evidences of wayside huts indicated the near ness of Tetuan. The flickering lights and occasional voices were sights and sounds most grateful, for we were fatigued to the bone, and hailal with delight the stone bridge across a slaggish stream, for it brought ous beneath the formidable whitewashed battlements of Tetuan. It was nine o'clock, and the gates bad been closed since sundown ; but we all set up a mighty shouting supplemented by vigorous pounding, a real international concert, inwhich many strange tongues commingled, but it ac compliLhed its purpose and brought a solitary silhboutte to the parapets, who with the solemnity of an official ghost, demanded what we wanted. This uncalled for question must be prescribed in the governmental rubric, for our appearance ought surely to have done away with any such interrogatory. After a long parley, in which mention of reward was frequently heard, the silhouette vanished, and in due time, according to Moorish etiquette, two hours or so later, returned with a permit from the commandant to enter. Even at mid night it was highly ludicrous to watch that MIoorish functionary as he stood in the eras perating flicker of a lantern, and did his best to note our names as weegave;them. :.His big car-rings moved nmechanli?ljy as he, tried to catch the strange phonetise; but hbe stuck to his task most faithfully, 'and after satisfying him self that he had secured' our patronymics, we passed down the narrow inner walks, a weird bIud, I'm bound,- and-then. through another. creaking gat 'out into: the g>nea silent market-. place, hemnied'in by solid blocks of square white houses witih ninilrtoreeascnents like so many black eyes peering douti pon"the' night. I do not remember meeting a living soul in that midnight transit of Tetuan.. Dogs barked as a matter of course but the prowling- rounderor the drowsy watchman did iot come upon the scene." In daylight the scene changed anid the deserted streets became thronged with a motley and picturesque crowd. "The rabble is even more kaleidoscopic than at Tangiers, and all kinds and coniditions of men are met on the streets, the most abject and miserable creatures imainable. Disease stricken beggars s'retch forth their palsied palms for money, but nobody takes notice of them. Then.ther,ctame along the prosperous merchant, the loud-mouthed hawkers of small ware, the fruit-vendor ethe donkey boys .rith shrill pipinrs, and the sharp-eyed Jew with hands lehind his back. Then come the Tetuan women, with straw hats as large as cart wheels and faces hidden behind folds of linen, their. eyes l ering out and half smiling at Christian enriosity and. modern trousers. Slaves .with bare backs: tugging 'at their :work; soldieis, counterparts bf our incn-at-arms, with long beanpole puns slung over their shoulders; hunters, with baskets of rabbits and partridges; and many other comical and inteoresting figures of humanity, play their parts in the panorama of the African Orient. "Out in the spacious market-place were crowds of lieople seemingly doing nothing bhut existing, aid yet many hidden currents coursed beneath that moving sea of turbans and fezzes. The Moors appear stupid and meek, but they weara mask, and behind it they keep up a tolerable thinking. Artisans ply their trades in dingy holes and cellars, and the traders sit cross-legged in their canddy-houses, wearing on their swarthy faces an expression of utter unconcern-and yet, just begin trading with one, and in a moment you will be surrounded with a voci ferous chamber of commerce, and then you will understand how much there is behind the Moorish mask." Not content with the canonical l anpthe Norwegian tlrds, this untiring traveller pnr chases a horse and trap'and devotes hiiiself to an exploration of the interior. Occasionally. he has to put up with eryprimitive aecommoda. tion. A NORWEGUIA BED-ReOoM. " While the Norwegians are sturdy of stature; their beds are amusingly dwarfed and strangely made up. A novice may expect at any moment to find himself in a lump, painfully contorted and aching in every joint, with the bed-clothe' on the floor. It is a complete collapse.; 'A generation of travellers had coinplained i?d:this anomaly in housekeeping, until the guide-books came to the rescue and told how to make: oie's bed. Those to themanner bornhim ut in"wedg under the pillow, but we are instructed' to re move the same, and then tuck in the clothes tightlyallmround, a process which, after a few trials, becomes efficacious in carrying the sleeper safely through the night. Another peculiarity consists in hanging the looking-glass so high 'skying' it, in fact, as if it were a doubtful painting-and compelling the matutinal razor to perform blood.curdling evolutions. WVhenever I mentioned these indigenous thing, the good people of the house manifested great surprise but no pity, and left me to undertake any reform I deemed proper." As a rule, the writer contents himself with telling what he sees, making little or no pre tence to historical, antiquarian, or topographical knowledge beyond the local lore that is enrrent coin among tourists. Being an American he naturally knocks a good deal of fan out of his European experiences. The drollery is mostly in the incidents, not in the rehlation. .Midnigo9 Sulrsrs;. or,? B:itsof. T'rard throngh the land of tcIteorsemaae BDy] Edwin Coolidge Kimbll. .(Lonido and Pa.isley: Alex ander Gardner.)-" MidnightSonbeams"isalso the work of an American tourist. It is anketch of a journey through Sweden, Noroay, and Denmark. The sail from Trondbjeim to the North Cape is not all poetry, howerver, and a risit to a whale-oil factory affords material for realistic description in the sphere of the loath. soma The salmon diet, supposed to be one of the attractions of the fiord trip, seems to have been rather overdone on the North Cape steamer, Kong Ilalfdso. ALwArs sGutOs. a "Almost the first word the tourist will learn ion Nonrway is Li (salmon), for he is abeolotely certiia to see i4 upantah table egeery day d?r'ing trip we were sered with salnioou tdie?t in6e daily ; it came upia itho.tblo, boiled, fried;! broiled and smoked; wa:.were, served with " The pundhi lstho"cdhefd'otiai~ of tldNor wegian cook'sai:t. The f6sh isfiret separated from the bones, cut into small pieces, and after being chopped-fine irmized wit'.' -,i niilk, and floor, seasoned with salt and pepper, and boiled in a monld. It is generally made from salmon and cod or hallibut arranged in layers, and as it appears upon the table it looks like a mould of strawberry and vanilla-ice cream, or a variegated Itaian cream br blanc-monte. Its conaiteney is somewhat firmer than the last, and as we ate it for the first time at dinner, served after the soup, we were full of wondering and questioning as to what it could be. A lobster or shrimp sauce is -eaten with it, and it forms a paIlatable dish; we did not relish it as well opon its second appearance at supper cat into slices and friol. "The smoked salmon is nuncooed, nnd is cured and prepared much like smookcd halibut. It always granes the breakltast table, and we be came qnite fond of it, althonsgh many dislike it esceedingly. "Notwithstanding the fact that the Norwegian salmon are considered the best in the world,and re tooji e ip suplih oftihemia t tbe little porta, where they had been taken fresh from the water, yet after sitting doown to thirty-three meals in anceessionewlere Lein ~oi formua always one of the constituents, iBe' must confess that, though we started upon the voyage with a great foibdnits Tar almon, at itS end Lax had lost all its charms. . A visit to the Svartioen glacier ias one ofithe supreme delights of the expodition.: . . . 'gHrC SVTAI ISX GLACIER. "Aswe advanced amid this magnificent scenei we proceeded up a narrow fjozd, where the glorious sight of the Sartlisen glacier burst upon bur view. - The Soartisen is the second largest glacier in Norway, an enormous mantle of snow and ice forty-four miles long and covering a. space of sisty- two squaree miles, spread out upon a plateatu thousands of feet high, from which protrude snowy peaks. 'From this plateau descend seveml glaciers between the mountains, and we now viewed the one which descends the nearest to the sea. The bright afternoon sun shone upon this grand glacier, which for ages bas, been moving slowly downward, until its glittering mass of snow and ice extends almost' to the blueoo water. Nothing 'could be more heautiful than this pure-whitecongealed stream, as we view its course, flowingifrom the great ice-fields above, amid its dark framing of barren rbck,,down to the green slopes at the baeof the moentoins. ; "- t `? ' " Wei landed in small boats upon thle iTeocy shore and started to walk to the glacier, but the distance, which from the steamer seeme, but a few rods; lengthened into over a mile.. After two days of confinement upon thesteameritrwas a great pleasure to walk along the rocky shore, sathering shells, sea-moss,'and new and strange flowers blooming upon grassy slopes just beyond the rocks. At last we stood at the base of the glacier, which towered above us more than thirty feet; great pieces of ice bad'beeni broken off and stood detached in pools of water, or were piled against each other; as far'us ?e could see, the surface of the glacier was of pare' iwhite, in great contrast with the Swiss glaciers,'so soiled and dirty from 'piles of stones and great moraines. As we looked 'down the' deep crevasses penetrating into the recesses -:of the glacier,. we found that the ice was a beautiful dark blue, rivalling in tint the bluest of skies. We climbed up the glacier a short distante,'' but found it too difficult and dangerous an under taking, and were content to walk along its margin, lost in wonder before this great crystal storehouse. "In beauty and grandeur the Sartisen glacier far exceeds anything we had seen in Switzer land; even the fi~l:glacieroehabout Pontresina, Zermatt, Chmonix, .Grindelwald, dind those that sweep arodeid the 'lise of the Eggishorn, are surpassed by this pure- white glacier in the far North. oWe were :rowed lhack.to thesteamer. aftei two bdj:inuponilandiatoid ns jwe sailed away we watched until the last moment :thLe wonderful Svartises, ldch wa.fone of tihe most beautiful sightsitf the whole trip" fhis favoured. ?.?cuion part hL d ,ihe crown ing ; good frtunoe to' get ,a 'cleasr; Jiwof the midnight snmt fron the Northe Cape; a boon often withheld fronim the most? appreciative voyagers. s 