GENERAL NEWS. A meeting ot tne r ire Brigade Board was held at tbe secretary's office ou Fri day night, at which there were present Messrs. F. Kilner, D. Hogau, and H. T. Chrietsen. Tbe minutes. of tbe previoUB meetiug were r-*ad and confirmed. The superintendent's report was read, and bb bb it contained a number of suggestions for improvements, etc., its consideration was deferred to tbe uezt meeting of the 1 Board. The tender of Messrs. Relf and Bushuell, to supply the firemeu with uniforms at £2 10s. per man, was ac cepted, after wbicb the meetingdissolved. Tbe remainder of the Volunteers, with the horseB belonging to tbe Bundaberg Mounted Infantry, arrived ou Friday night late, having travelled overland from Brisbane. The usual fortnightly meeting of tiie Literary and Debating Society took place on Friday night, Mr. J. V Walter pre siding. A most interesting paper was read tiy Mr. Cross on 'Ghosts,' which wbb followed by an interesting though somewhat desultory discussion. The attendance was fair and some very good BDeeches were made. At ibe Police Court on Saturday, one inebriate wasadmunishedanff discharged. Tbe land Bales on Saturday last were well attended, and at both tbe auction rooms tbe bidding was spirited. Messrs Powers and Tborburn disposed of Sea view Plantation, its machinery and right title, and interest, to Mr. N. Tooth, of Maryborough, for thesum of £3000. This price is considered very low, ss tbe plan tation is one of tbe best in tbe Woongarra and consists of 211 acres, most of which is under cultivstloo. The other sale effected by the firm wbb the disposal of Jenning selection, on tbe Burnett River, comprising 299 acres, at 18?. per acre. Mr. Curtis' sales were confined to the sale of an allotment near tbe Cricket Rpserve, for £17, aud an allotment in Goodwin-street, for £90. Messrs. G. F. Lyons and Co. also sold a number ot horses, at rather low prices, but we have to deter details till to-morrow, when tbe firms commercial reportwill bepublisbed. The .house lately occupied by Mr. Ennis iu Bourbon-street baB been re moved successfully to a site in South Bundaberg. Tbe operation was rendered difficult by the boggy state of tbe soil, and tbe whole of Saturday morning was spent in making a series of ineffectual attempts. The structure was at last placed on two trolleys, wbicb bore it triumphantly to its future abiding place. Tbe site being now clear the erection of tbe new Royal Hotel will be forthwith prooeeded witb. In our paragraph of Friday last in which we gave tbe ntfmes of tbe com mittee of tbe IrlBh National League, we inadvertently emitted tbe name of Mr. Walter Adams, M.L.A , wbo is a mem ber of the committee. A! private meeting wbb held we believe' yesterday by persona not in any way Identified with the Irish National League for the purpose of forming a reception committee to welcome tbe Irish dele gates. These persons are to be highly congratulated on tbe Maobiavelliau policy they bave pursued of letting others bear tbe beat and brunt of the Irish party battle in Bundaberg and then rusbiog in to scoop the kudos and glory if any there be. As, however, the League bave already sent an invitation to Esmond?, Dillon and Deasy, this attempt is not likely to meet with much success. Rain fell at Intervals during Saturday, aud tbe present appearances are indica tive of more wet. ? There is every pro spect of a mild winter, and tbe propoaed August crushing sbculd prove a most, successful one. Rain was falling off end on all yester day. Tbe Bundaberg Circuit Cuurt will com mence on the 3rd May. Tlie criminal cases are as follows Salligan, Cassle, Genny and Tootsy, Polynesians, and O'Nell, a European, all charged With rape. 1 The ubw bridge In Tantitba-strset In . now oomplete, and tbe roadway one n to light traffic. Tbe works in Quay-street and at tbe Kennedy Bridge are bIbo pro gressing rapidly. 1 Mr. ThomaB, who was the supervising engineer at tbu erection nf Millaquln re finery, has returned to town fromCharters Towers, where be has been erectlug a large mining plant. It Ib stated that a complimentary bene fit Is to be tendernd to Mr. J. K. Coombes by tbe Musical Union, of which hi- is conductor. Mr. Coombes has done n.uch for tbe Uniou and tbe public, anil we hope tbe projected 'ben' will he a great succens. 