Z " 5>- i: TALE OF BIBtltf Alft£ -filS&v; ; x BY WC Yfusah FqiuaLi Iu May all woods aro beautiful ; but ol jril J the woods I know there is nojae on wbito toe month of bluebells so freely latutoBhertobghte as bntoe ancient and hnltemptwood of rruerne. The blue carpet sprtod in every .clearing, tne gray-greeu oak stems rising toplf _v, blue, toe fleecy moving : stward toronjgh the ruddy young leaves o vechead can never be fqegotton by may- one who has rambledbere tera wholeMay morning.. No trim/ poik ute 1 .. Trueme wood ; its outtoirts are sol shout, m tiiese sweet spring daysj with au untidy piaze of 44 whitening hedges tod nncrumpnug with fetietcbes 6f gorse and trailing bramble, with- .dense thickets of blackthorn where the uightiugale builds bis ,uest and sings unheeded. It is all ; tins wild eetong«iytne well as the freedom of the wood itself, that makes it so dear to such of its human neighbours as love quiet and solitude, asWdl as to the birds and beasts toat find home and happiness in ite ' Of the few human brings who haunted it a few years ago, old Oliver, the woodman, was j the only one to whom it had wholly yielded up j its secrets , and when one day he was found under his favourite old oak tree, wrapped ma slumber from which there was no awakening, we felt that the good genius of the wood had vanished, leaving no successor. .But on the ! morning of that 16th day of. May on wmch my story begins and ends, old. Oliver was still vigorous, and had risen at daybreak in order to finish his work early. He meantto set forward about midday for the. neighbouring town on toe bill - for it was fair day, or £< club" as we call it in these parts, at Nortostow. and he wished once more to buy a fairing for. the rheumatic old- wife sitting by the chimney corner at home. He is sitting and eating his dinner at toe foot of his favourite oak, which is separated by a few . yards of bluebells and undergrowth from one of ; toe grassy rides or 44 lights, (as we call them) which intersect the wood and let _ sunshine and I fresh air into tangled depths. It is his favourite tree, partly because its gray-liehened stem divides on one side, as it- nears the ground, into two big root branches, which leave a comfortable space between them — a mossy arm chair, of which he only knows the comfort who has toiled since daybreak without ceasing, and partly because the tree is as old as the abbey of Truerne, which once stood under tne shadow of the wood in the meadows below, and because it is hollow enough to be toe home of a family of brown owls, whose ancestors had been tenants of the wood long before the monks hpramp its owners. These owls were some of Oliver's "best friends ; he seldom saw them, nor thev him : but, boy and man, he had known them for more than half a century, and knew them well to be discreet and quiet creatures, who did no harm and gave no trouble to any one but vermin. There- was a silent, mysterious sageness about their ways which suited well with the old man's humour. As he sat there eating and resting the silence of the wood was broken by toe sudden squeak of a pig ; and half turning his face in the direction of the ride, Oliver saw an uplifted sapling descend on the back oi the squeaker, who raised his piteous voice again and rushed onward down the path with bis companions. They were followed by toe owner of toe sapling, a tell man in a long greasy coat- of a yellowish colour : his face was fat and ruddy, and out of it there looked two small cunning" eyes, which followed toe movements of bis pigs to right and left with merciless swiftness. It was the kind of face which men seem to acquire who spend their lives in driving pigs and driving bargains, and who are ever bullying animals and browbeating their fellow-men. Close at his heels was another I smaller man. a lirfJe wizened, discontented j farmer, whom Mr. Pogson, with his natural I imperativeness, had pressed into his service in driving his pigs to Nortostow -fair. An um brella i as decrepit as toe farmer himself , was 1 toe weapon he usril without much energy j when a pig chanced to stray in his direction. . Oliver kept very quiet as they passed ; he did i not like Pogson, and had no respectfor Weekes, I the little farmer. At last they had disappeared I down the ride, and after sitting a while longer, I listening to the sibilant notes of the wood wren I overhead, and watching the squirrels and the nut-hatches who were fellow-owners of toe tree opposite to him, be rose with something of a sigh, for he was unwilling to exchange the qniet wood for the noise and worry of thefair. and stepped into toe bridle path to set out on his walk. ' Are ye ganging to the fair, Oliver, ye lone some auid dog r' said a grave but friendly voice in a Scotch accent. It was the voice of Mr. M'Nab, toe keeper, who, without his gan. and In his best velveteen, was oa his way to look out for a spaniel puppy or two to fill vacant- places. 4 Aye,' said Oliver, simply, and they walked on side by side ; Mr. M'Nab's serious gray eyes glancing here and there through the wood, and Oliver's earnest and rather wistful gaze kept steadily on the bluebells at his feet, as was his wont when walking. Neither of them was a man of many words or many friends, nor bad they spoken to each other half a dozen times a year since the Scotchman came into toe neighbourhood. Yet each of them felt, as they went along, that he had a reasonable man be- i side him. H. It was high tide at Noithstow fair. The broad, sloping street was crowded with pens of sheep and pigs, and resounded with the noises of oppressed animals, with the loud voices of their tyrants, and with the hideous braying of the organs which cf late yeans have added new attractions to the merry-go-rounds. Old ! Oliver, soon, wearied of the crowd and the hubbub, had bought his wife's new shawl early, and was about to turn bis steps homeward, when it occurred to him that it would be as well, : if circumstances were favour able, to get a comfortable shave before leaving. TheNorthstow barber had. a double shoo, one window of which was decorated with his own wigs and perfumery, while the other showed caps and bonnets, and was toe domain of the milhner, his wife. As Oliver passed the latter window and was about to step into toe riiop, his eye caught the well-known form of an owl — a young ' one, perched in an uneasy attitude on a lady's hat. He stopped to look at it, and then discovered a placard, con spicuously placed jnst underneath toe hat, and bearing the following inscription : Wanted at once, by a London firm, ONE THOUSAND GWX£ ! The old fellow stood rooted to toe pavement, spelling out this placard again and again. What could it mean ? and what the owlet on toe lady's hat? As he lingered, two men came up behind him, and there jarred suddenly on his senses toe loud, coarse voice of Mr, Pogson, already a little thickened hy frequent glasses of ale ana "brandy. 4 Wanted, one thousand owls, spelled out Mr. Pogson, slowlv. 4 How much apiece, now ? There be scores on em in Trucine .bo'nt-therej 0"= btrbm| .afeg8d.Jtor- niotoebihhs duties, came odtonhis door-_ toCS joytbe cheeriiig sights and sonnds df fS&'dav Mjry-Pegson,! he said. i;Hows the rites ? Coming in tor n sbavfc? . Low toIhearteU. Ah, toenafce H My frife brought town yesterday. Theto s a chance -for making they " want |m forP riutP Mf/ 4 What do they give for 'em, you m®®®' Mr.1KgsDn» witosmtiecohtopt. v ; ; 4 What do they want 'em for r' ansvreieclthe barber, rioting Mr/P% to®8 qqestiv Why,;, you haven't got any pretty daughters, Mr. Wces, or you'd know that by this time. Look t at that there owl on the bonnet : ; w ay, »«=» you. 'tis all birds now with toe ladies in London —-and in the country , too, for toe matter o_ that. Birds on their hats, and birds on their dressed ; ' aiicL ai very pretty taste, too, in my opinion. What's "prettier, now, than birds ? Think of their songs. Mr. Pogson, and all their pretty ways! Why. when you see em a -fluttering about on the ladies hats in town, you1 could a'most - believe -as you was out in "the country seeing the little creeters a-flying round you awd ringing ! And how it's all owls; I take -if. Such softness o' feathers, you see, such- wings, such— , , , Y I ' But what'll-tliey pay for -eai r asked j Pogeou, impatiently, tired of the barber's talk. \ 4 Fancy prices, sir, . fancy .prices/ said the barber ; 4 vtoy, that's a forton'Jh toat placard !. There's birds o paradise seHingln town—so my wife tell ine—f or fifty guineas apiece, arid there's Mngfishers and woodpeckers fetching a mint o money., - 1 tell you even blackbirds and such like brings in something, for they dodges em up with other birds wings or dyes em red and green, as pretty as can be. Ajad now here's a run on owls, you see ; can't get enough of 'em. TTalf a sovereign apiece for the best ones, I think it was she told me. If pigs is down, Mr. Pogson, why owls is up, you see. Want a shave then? Come along, gentlemen, I'm free.' 4 There be scores on. 'em in Truerne Wood,' said the pig. dealer" again to Weekes, as he pre ceded him into the shop, but catching sight of Oliver, who had shrunk away from the pair, and stood at a little distance riveted by the barber's speech, Mr. Pogson added, 4 There's that old tree by the river, Oliver's armchair, the Highfield folks calls it ; there's owls there now, and young uns as well, I'll be bound. Ain't there now/old soft-head "r And he made a playful cut at Oliver with his sapling as he went up the steps. The old man was seriously alarmed. That these two men would be ready to meddle iu the wood for the sake of a few guineas, or even a few shillings, if they had the chance, he knew very well ; and the fact of the placard being there on a fair day was quite enough to set all the gun owners in the neighbourhood owl hunting. As he turned away from the window he caught sight of the tall form of Mr. M'Nab sauntering through the fair, and regarding its various follies much as a grown-up man looks at the frolics of a pack of children just let out of school. He went after him quickly, and touched him on the arm. 4 Mr. M'Nab ! Mr. M'Nab ! said he, with earnest and imploring eyes. 4 there's mischief up there : there's mis chief in the barber's shop. There's a placard out for a thousand owls, and they're going to shoot 'em in Trueme wood ! 4 They might do waur. said toe keeper, not at all taken aback. \- 'Tis hard as Lnnnon folk can't leave us alone,' continued Oliver with a rueful face. 4 They'll cat the wood down next and burn it for charcoal ; I've heard talk on it afore now. But Lil be in my grave before then, if so be as my prayers be granted.' 'They winna do that. said the keeper; 4 diuna fash your attld head with sic notions. And we raauima hae the owls killed cot either, or we'll be owerrun with rats in a year or twa. When toe cat's awa— ye ben . But what for is a' this about owls, I wonder? Are they gauh clean doited in Lunnou. then r ' And leaving Oliver. Mr. M'Nab walked up to the barber's shop, and after looking at the milliner's window he went in, and did not come out again while Oliver remained within sight. The old fellow waited a while, and walked about toe fair, but he saw no more of M'Nab, and had to turn his face homewards without a word of reassurance. As he passed through toe narrow passage, thronged with hard-faced max and boys, which divided toe pens of crowded pigs and sheep, it made Mm wince a little to see Mr. Pogson, iris ruddy face still ruddier, and his " sunken little eyes, sparkling with drink, and with unwonted expectations of wealth, cutting at the hind-quarters of his newly-bought pigs with the saplmg, shouting in a hard voice to greasy friends, and looking at everyone who came near him as if they bad better mind what they were about. For old Oliver he had a prof ound contempt ; and as the old man passed him he caught toe pig that was nearest him at the moment such a cut with his switch that its squeaks resounded through toe street ; it tried to escape over the backs of its fellows, who all with aloud chorus of squeaking rushed to the further side of toe pen, which so pleased Mr. Pogson that he turned to toe old man with a wink, as if to say. 4 Now you see the proper way to treat animals.' But Oliver bad passed oh quickly. in. « Old Oliver trudged down the road from the : little town on toe hill, with his fairing under his arin, thinking of Ms old wife sitting in her chimney corner, and of the old days when he bought toe pretty young farm servant/her first : fairiim, in that same town and on toat very same day in May, some five-.nnd-forty years ago. i Straight before him were toe Cqtewold Mils, aud on their slope he could see toe spire of Highfield Church, and further down and nearer was toe great dark mass of Trueme wood, hiding the hamlet where he had lived all Ms life. The sight of tire wood made him thtek of toe owls, and he unconsciously quickened his pace, as if to snake haste and see that all was right withtoem asyet. Down the loag sloping road he went, and then turning off by . a bridle path, passed through another wood— not his, and there fore no" place for dollying in — and crossing tire river by an old flood-beaten bridgec took his way through a wealth of buttercups that srildod Mb old hoots with yellow dust, to thg further side ofthe water- meadows, where Ms own beloved wood came down in gentle slopes to toe valley. Evening was coming on, and toe light was subdued; all was quiet and. peroetol unless a nightingale broke out snfld«nly from a ttecket, or the voice of a chiffchaff n5 out from overhead. Over the MuebelM toe shadows were lengthening, 'and tihar as it mingled in the distance wito the blue cf the sky peeping through the branches, rose the straightmid%azkeidM of many ait ancient tree. What a chan&frem; the nait$«ndw?Ky and ill-dealing and cruelty pf tlm fair !' " ' Wtoheatoe tohfeoTOdd Ml ke UKi .IP said to himself \- ttfiB J maybe thcyqi WhObbng when Pogson and the and then they're marked fgafost 'em. TheLordderiveYtocm ont of the hand of the Phj|istow»,yd toe; old fellow, quite aloud. loot presently , ana ne vrent on up the rule. , Close behind .was the gamekeener u. 1ss3l Zu 00 pupfptesatthe fair.had uo farther reason to stay tfiere; forhe had a poor opinion oi the peopMof toose parte, and tod not care to listen to toe jstupid tdk, 4Rr to help them to drink bad be. Moreever, dmmg his visit to the h,uber hehad safefiedhimseti that his domains were really in danger of berng invaded by unsporte- man-Hke-ttodhompero rn aeareh oi owIr- »«,? the morehe thougnt pf if, the more impossible it seemed to have fellows like Pogson roaming about in Ma woods with firearms. It was bad evSffair day, tlunigh that could8 not b I hriped where toere was a right of -way formau and beast ; butbe had reason to suspect Mr. Poison, of otber still nMSrfe objectionable praeticesand at aB tubes disliked toe man as a noisy, bullying lout. „ So he had left thefair soon after Oliver, only stopping at a shop in toe outskirts of the town to buy a good-sized twist of strong coru. He did not" stay jto look at the view, or to sit on to : bridge and watch the water, or to odmiie to bluebells when be came to Traerae wood. Mr. . M'Nab was a man. of a .japctical mind, and a swrft walker. and he had nearly caught up with \- Oliver "when hcdufved ate the old .oak iree. so that he just beard toe old "fellow's ejaculation about/the Philistines, and then raw Ms smock- frock retreating rip the . ride. The Scot-toman stopped and watched it dtppeaf. 4 Yon auld Oliver has mair gude senee,' he said to himself, 4 than a these blathering gowks o' pigdrivers ; and he kens his Bible too ! A wee bit too saft — mair backbone, mair "backbone I But he's no sae doi'.cd as ! the last ! The sun was almost setting, but the owls in the old oak were still silent. 'They'll be hooting in an hour or twa,' he said, as Oliver had said it before him ; and, drawing the twirf of cord from his pocket, he stepped aside amrmpj the bluebells to the oak tree. Plenty of young ground ashes were shooting up among the flowers, and, with the help of these, and of a low hazel bush or two, he contrived to fasten the cord in a pretty tight circle round th-. tree trunk, at a distance of some half-dozen yards from it, and about a foot and a half ir :m the ground. There being still plenty of cord, he looked about for a log of wood, and, rinding one not too heavy, he tied the cord round it and hoisted it up on a low branch out of the big tree, on the side nearest the ride, just balancing it at the junction of one gnarled bough with another, so that a strong pull at the string would easily bring it down. "This done, he fastened the other end tightly down to his circle below, and then paused, with a face of extreme gravity, to contemplate Ms apparatus. Suddenly his severe features relaxed. There had shot amiss his memory a certain scene, when as bare-legged callant playing on his native braes he had devised just such a booby trap to catch another boy, with a view of secur ing for himself a certain nest in which eggs were about to be laid. The grim features of Mr. M'Nab relaxed, I say. and in his solitude in the wood be burst out into a hearty, ringing laugh. 4 At bairn's wark in my auld age ! And what wad the Dominie say ? "Wad I be for a crack wi' the tawse or the knuckle end oi the aald crab stick at hame, eh!" Mr. MNab lit his pipe the better to resume Ms ordinary composure, and puffing at it with - lips which now and then a convulsive move- - ment almost compelled to laughter, he strode away through the wood to Ms own dwelling' ou the further side of it. IV. And now toe wood was left onee more in pro found peace. Since old Oliver passed through it the shadows bad grown still longer, and from toe west there now came a flush of sunsefe through the boughs, turning the blue carpet into one of deeper purple, while against toe fading light the great tree trunks stood up solemnly, slowly blackening as their shadows oieu away. Here and there a wood pigeon broke the still ness in the boughs or a nightingale broke out into a flash of song, and ceased again as sud denly : but the orris in the old tree bsgan to bestir themselves in soft silence, and reserved their hoctings until they should have procured a meal for the downy nssthngs in the deep warm hole. But beware, O ye owls and owletev for the Philistines are at hand, and the warrant of the ladies is out against you ! As toe last hues of sunset died away on the Cotswold Mils there came through the wood un lucky little Mr. "Weekes; small" in person and small in acres, discontented with his dealings at toe fair, and with things in general, and ready for any project that might put a pound or two into his pocket without actually endangering his limbs or his liberty. Ajs he passed the great : oak a large creature flew noiselessly over his head in the direction of the tree, and woke up Mr. Weekes's memory, which had been halting in the slough of his discontent. 'Ah, toe owls I be thought. 4 Half a guinea apiece, did he ray ? Well it might be, if there's a run on em ; and that fellow Pogson said he was coming here first thing to-morrow morning to shoot eu ; but 3711" be eveu with the prosperous fat brute. Mr. Weekes thought of the morning's pig . driving, into which he had been compelled by / Pogsou's superior force or character ; of the ribs of his wife's umbrella which he had broken. on. the back of one wayward squeaker ; and of the long detour he had taken when leaving . Northstow, to avoid falling again in with the driver, and being once more driven to Bo he went home to Ms rickety little home stead beyond the wood, and reached down Ms . old gunxroin iia place above the chimneYpieee ; . only yielding to toe injunctions of his wile that lie must eat a bite o dumer first and that if - ; he must be for shooting owis, he should begin? . byshootingthe one which was stealing all that young pigeons. Obedient as usual, though querulous/Mr. Weekes presently took up Mf 4 station in toe yard, watching the dovecote and the darkening sky ; butbidtflvfor the pigeons whomthe owis were nightly protecting .from their enemies toe rats, no owl made his appear- f anoe fora fullhalf hour after Mr. Weekes had fiiroi toem up in despair, and had carried off Sis gun to the woods m hopes of better hick. Meanwhile Mr. Pogson, after purchasing; some dozen or so of fine porkers, and a bottle of brandy to help him in the arduous task ote getting them home safely, began in the late aftemoon to drive them down toe long high road toward the wood. Tim piss were hveh> andtorirownerhegantebe aiittie unsteady -on his lege— -a sensation which he more than ottte sought to oonect by a draught of ale at a roadsde j>ubtic-house» Tne remedy ma I "rotha desired effect, aadluBvprograee be- I ,ne Blower and slower; butiixapite of all I SSadw.Jfcndb.?inJ extreme «®Wyr»Pi I iS «tfy bjtd w»$«age, ne contrived I iivottduot himself and his chirgo across the I K» to the edge of the I 3 without serious mishap, arriving there I hBut "the fcinse at which W eekes was prowling V ?V3 j-ard after the barn owl. The bottle or 9 hrtudr was b j this tune more than half femptyy I gnd tha wood was aff dark, as pitch. I if Mr. Pojou had bean in full possession of I his wits he would hardly hare triedto . forco his 1 m tfuwugk the wood, and would hare avoided I the bridle path and taken his pigs & couple ofc I miles rsusd by the road ; but hehad gonoliko < I jfl unreasoning animal iu the way he waa I tcGBittttod to, and now it was top' Lafoto turn I lack. teak another pull at the. bottle, I jsritohotl the nearest pigs and pulling himself I for moment together, forced his. drove into I (fa, sorrow ride, trusting that they would 9 foUow- their noses ami keep to the open path. 9 is the dense black darkness and stillness, a. I ileepyand astdkir £e#iing cMne eyw Mr. Pog- I oonally hiae- bound semes, from iriuk I it«M only for a raomeutawakeasd by a sadden i s)reat of the pigs in frontof him. Whether M ;&» badger in the path, or a prowling -lbs had frightsnsd them, oertain it is at this jaatfleat thoy all faced about, and rufhing with | ioud»i»kittS P««t the legs of their driver, I TJg whed ia a general stampede away into the H ffo'!- I tfr. Pegtos stood aghast, and leaned against I a tree trunk for support. The noise of the nigs ; died awar, ami he was alone — atone in blank. 1 d $«»» Bron Pij!8 company, and now he 1 would hare given a good deal xorthe companion- I ship of a single one of his victims. There was a. 1 gniaj; in his ears, .a cold, sweat -on his hard I brow I bo felt quits unable to go further; his 1 head swsis. 1 Sudden j be beard & voice from overhead — a I rentle voice, reproachful and somewhat hollow a jud ghostly — 1 'Whoo? Tu-whoo? Mr. P >con felt a creepy sensation, and would hav? cat himself to the ground and hidden his ace iu the b.uebelis. but again the voice asked : Wb-io? Whoo? L'u-whoo?' 'P.-.psOuo H :gh field, cried the belated man u a.is.rer. But iu still more reproachful accents the voice demanded for the third time — 'Whoer Tu-wboor' 1 Te-oa o' ilighSeld, pig dealer, cried the i yr?'chv. man in stut'.ering accents, 4 a man as never did bo harm to nothing in all his life ! 1 Who o ? Whoo ? said the voice, seeming to retted, sad. urged to follow it by some srsteriom influence. Mr. Pogson staggered forward s few paces. But be had hardly left his tree for more than half a minute when something; caught him on the shins and tripped him up : st the same moment he received a violent Wow on the head which, added to the eaec of ths brandy. stretched him quite un- ousoioua on the grouud. There he lay ui the I dtfkne»a, with the bottle slipping out of his pocket. wh;!e the mysterious voice continued to out-sioa bua in rain from the old oak tree ovec- ht>id. And sow. but for the voice, all is silent again for a few minutes. Stay, who is this coming down the right.' betraying hie presence by the crackling of a ory twig beneath his boot "r It is Mr. Weekes, bent on further profitable de struction who would not have ventured himself in the wood aiter dark for fear of ghosts and cier terrors, but is now urged to unwonted courage by the hope of gain and by the coin- piuijiahip of hia oid gun. He is making for the tree alio re he saw the owl at sunset. As he advanced deeper into the dead black- rs of thr; woo i . Air. Wee kes began to feel a flight uneasiness which was soon uncomfortably henewed by strange noises on his right hand, a. or weird creatures making towards him tiiDiigU the under wood. But he was now close lo his ;re«. and he could hear the hooting of the cwis that were to be his prey. He was m the act of rising his gun. ready to fire when an owl thouitl cross the bit of sky line open above him. fieri the noisos increased to his right, and with j a terrific crackling and confusion an army of terrible cr -sturcs burst out upon him into the tie. Ali his oour ige tied. With a yell of fear : be dis--hargi»d his gun at tho advancing foes, and taen throwing it at them as a last resource, took to his boots ;md ran trom them> But he had tv run :aauy yards when he tripped, first over ahe.ivr body and then over a tightened cord, and i a.u &t; once his balance and his senses, Hi. W eekes swooned outright. i T" I 'Did ye bear the gun then r' said the keeper | to Oliver, as they met a tew minutes later at the j 1 eSTanee to the wood. There's mischief here, the barber's. Tike yon big stick, mon, fcudg-mg ye on wi the. lantern. Th»y \rent softly down die ride together, nfiikr e , mm king again. Presently the keeper Bturix'u-c-J. over some solid body lying in the and Oliver, applying the lantern to it. discovered the corpse of a- pig. The taper whistled softly, and turned it over with his ioAt. j ' Liwiu' spoil,' he whispered, 4 lawfu spoiL i Ye sh di taste Pogson' a bacon yet afore ye die, | Oliver. Then they found the gun, which Mr. M'Nab, t cow m hia element, 6eizod as further spoil, and I site to Oliver to carry instead of the big stiok. % And now he turned aside for a few yards to see | ha; othGr sport his bairn's tricks 1 that day might have brought Mm. i Oliver followed close at his heels with the lantern. I ' Whoo ! Tu-whoo I' said the owi ovcr- :h| tad. - j ' Aye, ye may wool hoot at em, said the | ta:4r, as the lantern revealed the prostrate J brins of Mr. Pog«i and Mr. Weekes ; the 1 tate-it arrival lying across the other, and seem- 1 lag to embrace him with one arm. whde the ! tad of the other was thrust into a tuft of faded priiat-.oess. . . ; ; Oliver and M'Nab regarded this spectacle Ot it f»w mora., nts iu silence. Then Oliver, tchinta sight of a bottle slipping from the pig- : , 'tata u pocket, turned Ms wistful eyes on the n# ScotchnLi-n. , _ , ' Mr. M Xab, he said, I'm an old man, and Wo? I won't be woodcutting here much 1 ; but don't you — for my sake, don't you fjtae ie gjj- iy laid his wrinkled hand on the talk's M-rj let such sodden brutes as these Co'ie ailing tnd take the lives of innocent crea- ''iii — creatures as God above loves,, and has r|||| me for to love too — and . all for a few- ® p'dliu;., or maybe guineas, and to please ilia |j W in Luunon as don't know what a wood Wm n >r what creatures lives their lives here, pi . re known rliis tree for more nor fifty year, fut thi owl ha' known it belike for five Iff and now, afore I'm dead, the « out against them. The fine ladies MR the r feathers, but thoy don't know what sr? doing — they don't think what they do, Ute 7, M Nab. 'Tis fashion, I take, only fashion, IsS v 11 blow over in a bit if you'll but stop 'ran H I'm an old fool maybe, but God knows H 'na too many to care about, or for to HI me. but my old woman, and beside u tare's none but these birds and beasts m An 1 the jieuce of it. and the quiet IH Hie in it ! Don't you let it be rooted un. J? the Pheteltsjtiiiee I And f»ir — til3 ®toiT that old Olirenisedto i,f2LSw'lSan3r a reapect fbrhts friend the kwpsr, till on© day, as I said at tbe , negumuig,: death came upon him painlesslT under that verj>tree, while ttie cudcoo sang in tlm distance, and the chiff-chaff's two notea echoed from the aunny end of tiie wood. How auao to know what happened to Mr. Pogson and Hie pigs is more than I can tell; f.robibly the owls told it Mn or it maybe that the .opnsctence-alrickep pig ' dealer revealed' to him alone uie. story, as to one who understood, as none earn did; ttie mysteries of Trurame wood. , However that may be. It is eertain that ffa e enemy neveragain invaded hia p"sif The qw|» were never: disturbed, and by aome mvsterioua agency the plaraird disappeared at. once frwn the barber's window. Mr. Pogson never .passed through the wood again, and finding that distorted versions of his adven tures were abroad in Highfield (where they Jure still told with relish by the winter fireside), he removed to a village some miles away, a milder, a more merciful man. Mr. Weekes, too, waus not long in giving up Ms farm and disappear ing entirely from the neighbourhood. In peace the owia and Oliver lived out their days. under the grave but kindly guardiansMp . of Mr. IT Nab the keeper; and when I last passed through the wood it shewed m signs of the presence of the Philistine. 