PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH OF QUEENSLAND. The general assembly of the Prcsbyterian Church of Queesland met last evening in the Wickham-terrace Church TI ore was a fairly good attendance The proceedings were opened with singing and prayer, and the loading of a portion of Scripture The Rev W D Meiklejohn, the retiring Moderator, preached, taking for his text 1 piHtlo to the JIcbtowH 10th chapter, 1 >rd verse, "Let us hold fast the profession of our faith without wavering for he is faithful that promised " At the conclusion of Inn MIHIIIOII, the modern tor took the chair, and proceeded to constitute the assembly 'five minutes were taken as read The i oil was then called over, and some (guns tions as to tiatiHforH having been adjourned, it was certified and signed the Rev Mr Man i Four announced that the Rev A C Smith, of Mowbraytown, had been unanimously nominated is moderator Sholto Ciuuiis O ii spoke in eulogistic terms of the Rev Mr Smith the now moderator having been formally initiated, took the church amidst applause. He then delivered the inaugural udihoHs, in the opening portions of which he made some lines personal allusions, reminding those present that he was one of the original small band of ministers who in the year the ¡ first formed themselves into the Presbyterian Church of Queensland " He said that though he had been absent for many years in the sister colonies, he had never ceased to feel the deepest interest in the Church here, and had recently returned to her service with something of the fervour of first love The Rev Mr Ogg was the only member of that band who Hull remained Before proceeding to the principal subject it him remarks, he Hpokoat somolcngthotthol'iosbytoii uiOhitteligonotally Her form of church government, combining in a remarkable way liberty with unity) of action, wits, he considered, if the conditions were favourable, the form best suited for (lunch development 'the Tiosbj terian Church was now, he believed, the largest Protestant Church in the world, combining in her bounds more than a »,000,000 of adherents He had used the word " in the conditions were favourable," bocuiBO in a young, vast, sparsely- populated colony, Presbyterianism did not in the outset seem to be HO well tilled for pioneering as some other denominations, its appin attire apparently not proving pliant enough When population grow, however, as was Boots in the United States and in Victoria, Presbyterianism was able to got free scope for its energies, and display what it could do in a way that gave it a foremost place in the Church of Christ Defending the Presbyterian Church against some of the complaints ordinarily made against her, he went on to speak of " Our position and duty as a church of Christ in this colony As to our " Position," is in a somewhat peculiar one This colony, at its last census, contained £80,000 inhabitants, and of these it is generally reckoned we have at least one in eight belonging to its namely, between 40,000 and 50,000 of the entire population Our adhoioutH may not show this proportion of the larger towns, but in the country districts they show for more than this proportion Piesbytenons occupied a very pio rnment place amongst the squatters, farmers, and settlers generally of the back country Now surely for these we are bound to care No doubt it may be said people may got to Heaven through connecting themselves with other Churches as easily as with the Presbyterian one " We do not dispute this, but this is not the question we are bound, as a chance, to make provision in church ordinances for our sousaud daughters scattered throughout the land Nothing can free us from that obligation resting on us as a Church and, if we do not steadfastly look at it in the face and seek to fulfil it, our right to the position as a Christian Church is largely gone. Yet when we strive to realise our responsibility in this matter, we find some very peculiar difficulties lying in our way, and which we ought, as far as possible, to make provision against What are these i Two only I shall allude to, which are very apparent First, there is the geographical difficulty. The great distance at which our congregations in the smaller towns and in the bush are from each other very seriously operate against our progress No doubt it will be said that this difficulty presses equally on all the Protestant churches, but it presses more on us than on most others Partly because there is such a large proportion of our adherents in the country districts Partly because it prevents that united Presbyterian action which is so essential to the development and successful efforts of our Church. Partly because we have no ministers like the Bishops of the Church of England, who, free from the special charge of any one congregation, can make regular journeys over the land for rallying, organising, and encouraging our people, or can go frequently to the home country, and by their influence and efforts raise large sums of money, and get men out to fill vacancies. And once more, partly because we have no system of local preachers or lay agentS, as some other churches have, who, without going through the training of a university career, can start, organise, and carry on churches. This is one of our peculiar difficulties, and if we are wise we shall look at it in the face and see how far it can possibly be overcome. Secondly, there is the difficulty con noted with the want of a much greater general spiritual baptism of the Holy Spirit. All the Christian churches in the colony speak of the soil lack of this, but the difficulty it involves in the way of progress presses peculiarly on our Church. The worship and policy of the Presbyterian Church is, in itself, a very simple one, and has little in it to attract the world apart from her own inward spiritual life. When a great wave of divine spiritual influence flows over a land, the simpler the transmitting medium for the proclamation of the Gospel is the better but, when this is awaiting, the Presbyterian Church peculiarly Butters. In fact, no church, in this view of it, needs the presence and power of the Holy Ghost in order to discharge her duty amongst her own ad horonts and irreligious outsiders more than our own. fathers and brethren ! it would be well for us to lay this to heart, and do our utmost to obtain a great Pentecostal shower of divine blessing so as to be able to meet in some measure the responsibilities of our position as a Church of Christ. II. As to our duty as a church, I shall only refer briefly to the more important matters that call for our consideration, and that will, more or loss, come before your honorable House. 1\. First in importances is our Home Mission "Work. This is the real backbone of our strength. and progress as a Church. Many of our ad horrors, as I have already said, live in the smaller towns and in the bush, and we have neither the money nor the men to supply their wants. Our Home Mission finances are, I regret to say, in a very backward state, and how they are to be put on a better footing demands our most serious consideration, if we are not to have whole districts and many of our adherents in the colony wholly lost to us. I am not prepared to suggest a remedy - your united wisdom must do that-hut allow me to say that I have often thought, since my return to Queensland, that if it were possible an effort should be made to get a Home Mission agent, such as they have in the home churches and in the Presbyterian churches of Victoria and New South Wales, one who, being free from any particular pastorate, could travel over the colony to foster new charges. The difficulty, of course, is to got the suitable man, and especially the money. But, if Home of the wealthier adherents of our church would only boldly face the matter, and one of the large-hearted Christian charity I know they possess, generously guarantee his salary for a few years, as was done in New South WMOB, the man would no doubt be found, and the effort ere long far more than repay itself over the Church as a whole. 2. Next in importance is roaring a native ministry and pushing on our theological hall. Little has been done in this direction, but a more vigorous attempt, I think, should be minds. We are largely dependent on ministers floating to us from other lands, who come for their health, and this is not in our favour. Native ministers, roared in the colony, rank, as we see in Victoria, amongst the most useful and successful workers for Christ and on those a Church must, in the long run, chiefly depend, if she is not only to grow but even to hold her own. 3. Another important matter is cultivating more of a missionary spirit iuroBpcct to the dark-skinned heathou amongst us, the kanakas and aborigines, not to speak of the adjoining Blunders in the South Seas. I do not speak this as the convenor of the mission to the heathen, but as a Christian minister. A Church, in proportion to the degree in which she becomes a missionary Church, prospers in all her activities within herself, in proof of this I need only point to the Victorian Church, which is this year Bonding five or six this Hionarios to the New Hebrides, in addition to her flourishing Chinese and aboriginal missions, and which is prospering in a remarkable degree in all her other schemes, having missed nearly i'0'0,000 as a jubilee fund. I am sorry to say we are, as yet, far behind the other Australian Presbyterian churches in this matter. The Tasmanian and South Australian churches, numbering each only twelve or thirteen charges, each support a missionary to the New Hebrides. We in Queensland, have at last made a start in this direction, and have had a missionary to the kanakas in the Mackay district settled for upwards of eight months, his salary being raised through the subscriptions of the planters and the sums collected by the children in our Sabbath schools through collecting cards. The report of that committee will be laid before you ; but it will be seen from it that £100 more per annum must be raised over the church if the mission is to be carried on for another year. Let us only realise, as a Church, our duty in this matter, and a new era of prosperity, I feel convinced, will dawn upon us 4. And once more, what we require as a Church is a greater c≺'U-tlo-corpi amongst us as a Church. There is far too much and pondency amongst us and a very patent lack of each congregation regarding the welfare of the whole Church as a matter of vital concern to itself. What we require is that each congregation should be in touch, so to speak, with all the other congregations of the Church, cherish a closer intercourse with them, extend active help in proportion to their wealth and their numbers, and not expend most if not all of its efforts on itself. If any Church on earth should, the Presbyterian Church sought, from her own meaning and constitution, to feel that the well-being of each particular church is closely bound up with the wellbeing of the Church as one organic whole. fathers and brethren, in closing, let me say I have spoken almost entirely of our Presbyterian Church, and her duty and work ; but let us novel forgot who form only one branch of the great Church of Christ. Let us look on all other Christian churches with brotherly sympathy, and warmly second them in all their efforts. I have always considered, certainly, that the prosperity and glory of the entire Church of Christ as a whole, lies, not in visible incorporation, but in each Church doing its own duty earnestly in its own sphere, even as the glistening sunlit glory of a dew-bespangled held lies, not in all the dewdrops becoming one vast dewdrop, but in each reflecting, UM it does, in its own way, a complete image of the sun overhead'. Still, never let us forget that we are all brethren, professing to work for the same master, and to exhibit him to the world around as the common Saviour of us all. When we thus realise ourselves as one grand united phalanx of workers for Christ, and against darkness and sin in a God forgetting world, what a glorious future is before us ! " Why Sleeps the future, as a snake enrolled coil with- in coil at noontide ? For the Word yields, if with presumptuous faith explored, power, at whose touch the Sluggard shall unfold his drowsy rings. " Look forth ! That stream, behold that stream, upon whose bosom we have passed, floating at ease, while nations have offered nations, and death has gathered to his fold long lines of mighty kings look forth, my soul I Nor in this vision be thou slow to trust the living waters, less and less by guilt stained and polluted, brighten as they roll, till they have reached the eternal city, built for the perfected spirits of the just!" (Applause.) On the motion of Rev. Dr. HAY, seconded by Rev. Mr. Geo, a vote of thanks was passed to the retiring moderator for his sermon and for the manner in which he had discharged the duties of his office. A motion was adopted inviting ministers unattached to at as correspond- ing members. The Rev. Richard here was reappointed assistant oUr. An honorarium of £5 was voted to the copying. A £7. S S'A Jrt&TK;"? £2 (Messrs. Wilson, Wilson, and Brown, solicitors to the Church Committee), J. D. Mably, and Jas. Brydon. general opinion was expressed that in future it was undesirable that reference be made to deaths except of those who had been connected with the assembly as officers. It was pointed out unless this rule was adhered to it might give rise to jealousy amongst relatives of deceased persons. A committee consisting of the Revs Dr. Hay, J. I. Knipe, and Legate was appointed to draw up an address to the Governor. The Rev. Dr. HAY said this was an age of jubilees, and he wished to point out that the semi-jubilee of the Presbyterian Church of Queensland fell on 25th November last. The Rev. William Gray, of Milton, wrote present- ing volumes of the Hexnglot Bible to the assembly. A vote of thanks was accorded to him. Some routine business having been disposed of the assembly adjourned to the following day at 11 o'clock for devotional exercises. Business will be taken up at 3 p.m. 