Miscellaneous. From our files to hand we take the following interest ing items : - American President, being unfq nl to the exer tion, has discontinued the hand-slinking which occu pied so much of his time daily, Callers will now have to content. themselves with a Presidential bow. The Queen has bestowed the Victoria Cross on Sur geon Cromtnin, who bravely defended himself and a wounded man against the attack of four Karens. The Duke of Athole has placed in Old Blair Church a memorial over the grave of Claverhouse, who, How ever, was never likely to be forgotten by Scotsmen. It having been announced that the Czir is an enor mous eater, his mode of living while sojourning quietly in Denmark is now given. For breakfast he ha*,tca, ham, eggs, roast b?ef, and an omelette. His midday meif consists of chickeu broth with an egg in it, a cut let, old fowl, game, fish, vegetables, und cake, the cojking bjing superintended by a princess. At 2 o'clock he eats a dish of rice and milk. What his Majesty has for his dinner is not mentioned. Lord Tennyson's health is now completely restored, and the aged poet is to be almost daily seen frequenting the beautiful drives in the neighbourhood of Hasle mere. The Times (says the World) bas paid 4fls. into court as an answer to Sir Morell Mackenzie's action for libel ; but the case will be fought out. Sir Charles Russell and Mr. Asquith are to appear for the plaintiff. i Mr. Thomis Sidney Cooper, R.A., who is just coti- ! pleting his 86th year, is said to be working with his brush as diligently as he did in bis younger days; Mr. Edison while in Berlin was present at come ex periments with his phonograph, when tho voicc of; a Parisian singer was reproduced, including the clapping of hands by the Paris audience and cries of encore. A lady singer was so delighted at the reproduction of her own performance that she broke out into ap plause. There is a proposal to place London and Paris within speaking distance by means of the telephone. Sciemists declare that if we had a wire from the earth to the moon we could speak to the inhabitant*. Jlhe Fruiterers' Company will establish a fund of £5000, fro*n the income of which it is intended to offer annual prizes for the best-managed fruit-farms, plantations, and orchards. Fruit-growing is on the increase in Kent, and miles are now under glass. A new industry, blackberry cultivation, is being opened ud in Kent. Deer-stalking ia now in full swing in tbe Highlands, nnd Lad}' Stafford is said to have shot a stag weighing 16st. A special gown has been made for lady deer stalkers, consisting- of two skirts of rough tweed, and leather gaiters. There is a proposal in Edinburgh fo promote a ship canal between the Firth of Forth and the Clyde, to cost seven millions sterling. The canal would save 500 ? ini'p'of sea route between Edinburgh and Glasgow, 420 brtween Leith and Liverpool, and 300 miles between Glasgow and Londou. 'I lie medical faculty of Queen's College, Belfast, have comp'i 4d with the request of a large number of young ladies to be allowed to enter the medical classrooms next Fe=si-m. A rich lode of uranium, a very scarce metal, next in value to silver, has been discovered in Cornwall. Hitherto, owing to its scarcity, the market price of the metal was £240 ? a ton. The oxides in the metal are i sed as pigments, and it is used as a cheap substitute for gold in clectro-plating. Mr. Blackburne, the blindfold chess-player, won several games at the City Chess Club without seeing cither board or men. A Belgian is making the journey f.'om Brussels to tbe Paris Exhibition in a small phae'on drawn bv a ro-jple of do;rs. Within a month, as a result of fie dog-muzzling ord^r in London, 376 J stray dogs w»re taken to the Ho-iie at Battersea. Wild rabbits are to be seen disporting themselves by the Serpentine in Hyde Park. A young man crossed in a small boat from Dover to Calais in 10 hours. A youth took possession of a gentleman's yacht which was at anchor near Holyhead. After navigating tbe vessel for some days and partaking freely of the refreshments on board, he was arretted. A mm is endeavourine to make the voyage from Plymouth to London and back in a tiny boat, seated for two people. At Colchester a boy was chargcd with driving a horse which was ii an almost dying state. An in spector explained that the animal was going to a man at lpswicb, who exported horseflesh to Antwerp, where it was made into extract of beef. A gentleman ascended in a balloon from Stockton, intending to make a parachute descent. The balloon rose rapidly to a height of three miles and a-quarter, and so numbed with cold was the aeronaut that be sc ireely retained sufficient consciousness to allow the gas to escape, and descend in the billoon. The Chief Constable ot Cfitheroe having discovered what is said to be an effective 'cure for hydrophobia, people are flocking to Clitheroe from all parts to be treated bv the medicine. Innumerable inquiries have benn made. A yoiras womin at Greenwich, fancying she saw a ghost issuing from a box, died from fright. A you'll, aged 19, committed suicide at Manchester Because ms tnjnas were opposed to ins marrying a widow who had eight children. A throng of people on the Lees at Folkestone were horrified to see a lidy, clad only in her nightdress, jump from a top be1roo*n wiiidow. She was picked up dead. While a fire was in pro^re's at a chemical factory in Wnnd-worth two firem°n were cut off by the flame*. They attempted to burst open a window, but tho flames being of iron resisted their efforts. One poor fellow was burned to death ,* but the other, bnng a little man. w is able to squeeze between the iron bars, and esciped with a severe scorching. There is serious drought in Spain, rain not having fallen in Madrid for 60 days. The week's death-roll includes: — The Queen of the Tonga Islands; the blind Prince of Monaco, who had fattened on the Monte Cailo gambling hell ; Mr. Heat, formerly clerk comptroller of the Queen's kitchen, for whose funeral the Queen and Princess Beatrice sent wreaths of white flower and heather ; Miss Amy Lew, Jewish authoress, age 27, whose body has been cre mated in accordance with her expressed desire; Henry Michael .A ttgelo G rat tan Cooke, the musician, who fot 20 'years had lived the life of a recluse at Harting, Sussex ; Major Carwardine, J.P., lord of the manor of . Earl's- Colne, Essex, who before succeeding to ^his estates fought in the American Civil War. 