Toro the Tiger Kills dudi Eats. Ih a paper read before the Bombay Natural History Society recentlyv, and pub. lished in its journal, Mr. Inverarity, a noted sikahri, discussed the habits of the tiger, and especially the mode in which it kills and eats its prey. Some think he seizes by the throat others by the nape of the neck from above. Air. Inverarity has -xaminsd scores of. slain animals with special reference to this point, and in every case but one the throat was seized •from below.. The, exception wr. . an old boar who had been seized by the back of the neck from above.:' One of - single file of villagers who was once seizrd by the-nape of the neck. ny a man eater, butsaved by his companions,. had no idea when he recovered his senses what" had happened. Whether dislocation of the neck takes place is doubtful. The tame hunting leopards always kill by pressure on the windpipe, without break. ing the skin; possibly the tiger: kills in the same way. It is only by accident, if at all, that tigers in-killing sever nn important vein or artery,: andt no: blood to speak of flows from the throat'wounds; 'Very Ia-ge and powerful animals like the b;ull, buffalo and bison, if attacked at all, are in the first instanco attacked from the rear, with a view to disable them. Having killed, the tiger almost invariably begins eating a hind quarter, consuming one or probably both. ?omi t'mes he lcavts the stomach and -intestines as they are; sometimes he will remove them to one side. making a neat parcel of them. A tiger and a tigress together will. finish an ordinary sized animal at one meial, leaving only the head. In this ease it is probable that the second begins at the fore quarter. Animals are never eaten where they 'are killed, but are always dragged a short distance. They ' are not lifted clear of the ground, but - dragged.. BHaving gorged himself,the tiger sometimes lies close by his prey, but if it is hot weather and there are hills in the neighbouroodt, he . will go a long distance off before resting for the'day. He prefers to lie in a cool cave or in a breeze on the .hill side than in the close lot jangle. -He returns next. night and finishes what : is left, but he never eats a e?cond time on the same spuitdreai ig the remains of the prey 40 or 10 yairds off :' piorste?..=vi-iinn--. on a half-devo i'edl:nimal and desiring to catch the tiger,rtie the prey to a tree. The tiger takes about two hours' steady eating to finish the fore quarters of a bullock.' Mr. Inverarity sat over a small tigress one night who ate for ten minutes, then went - away for twenty, probably to drink, and on her return ate steadily for two and a qfiarter hoirs. Ho did not fire, as he could not see her. Tigers are cannibals; they will make their meals off each other, They are supposed to kill once is five or six days', and no doubt the tiger after a heavy feed does not care to hdntmuch for a few days; but a tiger kills whenever' he can. They have been known to kill on 14. consecutive nights. .3Mr. Inverarity believes that animse killed by tigers suffer little beyond the panic of a few seconds. The shock produces a stupor and dreaminess in which there is'no sense of pain or feeling 'of terror. The powerful stroke of the fore paw of' the tiger is a fiction; be clutches with his claws as one might with the fingers, but does net strike a blow. Tigers wander immense distances st night, and, as they like easy going, they goon roads and paths.: They do not like to move dur ing the haet of the day, as the hot ground burns their pads ahd makes them raw. The3 can on occasion climb trees. In Salselte one climbed after a certain Pandoo, but could not reach him, and re tired. Pandoo, thinking the coast clear, got - down and ran toward home,buat on the way was caught by the tiger and kille4. The inquest report stated that Pandoc died of the tiger eating him ; there was ni other cause of death. Nothing was lefi except some fingers, which probably be. longed to the right or left hand." Natives have a' belief that the ghosts of the man. enter's victims ride in his head and warn him of danger, or point the way to fresh victims. 