\- Miscellaneous. - The followinginteresting items are taken from our ^English files to hand:— . . **-? £-. The^ueen is entertaining a succession of guests at -OsbprnB.^ Her Majesty will shortly visit Biarritz, and pwill travel as the Countess of Balmoral. Durinp heju. Btey at Biarritz she intends to live quite privately. Nine^ iuperb adl*B3 have been bought at Bordeaux' for her ^Hkjeaty;^ip jrarnoses taking long drives. The ca*r '♦jaJeSntena^'iprJier use, a sociable landau, was sent ; from l*iiia-6r. ^s a special regard fer,€k-ant-Roch&'- fctucald* -whow ;iilla ine Ims taken, the Queen Ms - exnrejued her desire that -one of the count's liveried ' ' se£pwt« should be always In fittendance in;4he entrance ^^p^ti^rilkjwtncmgtheQneea'slootnieii. !r ?' ' *- 't9S&4$qsaa;- add a council at ? Oaboriie on Tuesday, iSteffia&2$, when (he Earl of Kintore deUvered ujSs *t«& offcffijje as Captain of -the Yeoman of the G&anr;, !.' : «n fcis'¥pppmtment to the Governorship of South Ausv iPrajv*. ' ' -.? -.:??? -*?,.. ' -: - -{. .: -' : ;,The Emperor of Germany celebrated his birthday on 'Sundayt January 27.- The first to congratulateTlkn were bis throe eldest sons, who appeared in full mili tary uniform, thia surprise- having been prepared by tne Empress. The Empress presented her husband with a portrait of herself, and Queen Victoria forwarded two costly Indian vases. The young German Emperor is Baid to have worn a robe on the occasion with a train six yards long. It was of the -finest Lyons silk, the material alone being worth £300, while the embroidery in the working occupied 12 persons for at least two months. The Empress of Russia, it appears, is affected with a kind of palsy, ehe having been subject to trembling fits since the railway accident. She would proceed at once to Naples but for the fear of eruptions of Vesuvius and earthquakes. * f:';^;^ The Empress of Brazil has just finished a Bplendidly embroidered national flag, which is to t» sent to Lourdes in recognition of the miraculous recovery of the Emperor during bis sojourn in Europfc ? ^ ;V The Queen's Jubilee presents have now %een. ar ranged in handsome oak and glass cabinets provided for their reception in the Grand Vestibule , of Windsor Castle. . - . :-:? The little Crown Prince of Servia, who was recently taken away from his mother, dined the other day with acme officers. One of them asked the Prince to propot-e a toast. The boy, without hesitation, proposed the health of his dearly beloved mother. The officers, greatly embarrassed, drank the health of 'Their Crown Prince's Mother ' without calling her Queen. Mrs. Mackay, the wealthy American lady, is said to have ordered a robe which is to be embroidered all over with real pearls, and tor which she has agreed to pav . £10,000. The Lord Mayor's fund for the relief of the distress caused by the famine in China already exceeds £5000. Colonel North, of Eltham, Kent, the ' Nitrate King,' and credited with fabulous - wealth, who was formerly a working man in Leeds, has been presented with the freedom of that boroueh, in which he was born, in recognition of the gift of the interesting ruins of Kirkstall Abbey to the people of the town, and other acts of local benevolence. Mr. Edwin Chadwick, the father of modern sanita tion, has just entered upon his 90th year. One of Mr. Gladstone's gray hairs has been valued at 4s. in Naples. It was picked from off his coat by a correspondent ot the Pall Mall Gazette, who sat behind him. in church. An Italian deputy to whom it was shown seized it, threw down a five-franc piece, and bolted. . Great excitement has been caused in the Riviera by the elopement of an English doctor, a visitor to Nice, with an American young lady aged 17. The girl was in possession of a cheque for £360, made payable to her mother or herself, which 6he cashed. The runaways were captured in Paris and taken back to Nice. The doctor had with him his little boy, and when arrested he was endeavouring to send him across the Channel in company with some passengers. A Fine Art, Ecclesiastical, Educational, and In dustrial Exhibition is to be held at Yoik from June to October ot this year. A nurse at Eastbourne, in the hope of saving the life of a little girl, sucked the tube to clear the throat of a diphtheritic patient, at the risk of her own life. The poor child eventually died, but the nurse survived. Mr. Thomasson has offered Mere Hall and grounds as a gift to Bolton for a museum, playground, and garden, and expresses the hope that itumy be opened on Sundays. A rival to mushroom culture as a mode of nlling1 the farmers' pockets seems to be suggested by the success of 8nail-raraiing in. France and elsewhere. One snail farmer is said to clear £300 a year by fattening snails for the tables of the French. A curious breach of promise case was heard in Lon don. Both parties were named Johnson, and were middle aged, the gentleman being a widower. They met at Nottingham Goose Fair, and the defendant subse quently lodged for some time at the lady's house. The defendant said the lady made the proposal of marriage. The jury awarded her £50 for the board and lodging, * but nothing for the breach of promise. The twelfth annual Stdnley Club Bicycle Show was fcold at the Crystal Palace. There were nearly 2uO exhibitors, over 1000 machines being displayed in the \- great Central Hall. One of Hungary's pet aversions is the German language, and its proposed use in army examinations has largely reinforced the fierce opposition in Hungary against the new Army Bill. The other day detectives were placed in the gallery to watch persons who might make demonstrations, and as soon as this fact was dis covered the House became a kind of pandemonium. The detectives fled for their livesi A female at .Rugby is the subject of an extraordi nary delusioa. She is under the impression that a certain gentleman who is about to take holy orders is her .husband. Theother Sunday bhe hurriedly left her pew at church, and, going to the gentleman in ques tion, who happened to be with a lady, pulled him out of the pew, claiming him as her husband and father of her children. She was summoned, and bound over to keep the peace. There is a dispute as to the heirship to the magnifi cent estate of Picton Castle, of 30,000 acres and the greater portion of the town of Haverford West, bring ing in a rental of £25,000 a year, which will shortly be decided in the law courts. The present claimant says he is a lineal descendant of the late Sir John Phillips, Bart., and the next male heir. . The late Earl of Lucan, the Balaclava hero, was worth £44^69. vv/- -: . An aged labouring man at Newcasfle-under-Lyme hasjuBtunexpectedly come into £25,000, originally left by. a voung coiiple;whp contracted a romantic marriage and died TOthout- fajmly. An aged pauper who has just died at Tealby,j Lin colnshire, was found to possess ace guineas worth £288. . ' ?''?'. ' '' . ? V: i' ??''?;?' A general secession of Scottish Oddfellows from the Order in England -is expected, the intention being to term a new Order to embrace the whole of Scotland. A 'ghost' iitpry, comes ?:JEr6m Cheater. At a farm near Aberdaron Isla-d the men at early dawn going to milk the Cows 'founE'them;all unfastened and in the yard. The buU, which was iurious, immediately gored one of the men. P6Uc« were setto watch the premises, and during the next lught^ie. cowhouse doors opened and closed violently^ but , jib ofiS was io be seen. The nocturnal inoid^tiB Baid-toijive .created much alarm. Some excitement was paused in Lambeth when it became known that a large ^Russian bear had escaped from a menagerie.' Bruin took up his quarters in the garden of an empty house, and for some time kept hia would-be captors at bay. . - . :' In the Queen's Bench Division a cose has been decided which appeals to make it: clear that all publi cans are liable' to a fine for gambling who permit their customers to play for. anv stake on a billiard table. . :j ;.' -'??'--? A Woman had a narrow escape of being buried alive atfiochester. She-leHrinto a land of trance, which *asmistaken for dffl^i.,^a. coffin was ordered, and the usual preparatione made for a funeral. While, how ever, a number of ^relatives were gathered around the Jbedside. bewailing- their bereavement, the supposed ?eotDse. startled thein by suddenly rising up in bed and asking what-was the matter. ,'; ' : \- _ A tin box left at Liverpool -station. aroused the sus picions of a booking-clerk. Opening it, he discovered * therein a child, about six weeks old, alive and well, only it had been drugged. The' box was marked 'With care.' ??-'. The week's death-roll includes: Miss Ryland, of Warwick; Mr. Sbiart Mensaes, *I.P»;for East Perth shire, aged 3J; ilr. Lucas Pease, of Darlington, a : County Council candidate, who was'injured while hunt ^mg ; Mr. James How^iOj the well-known agriculturist ; -Sir ±Ienry Dashwood, itart., aged 72; the Marquis of Donegal, in Mb 90th year ; William Jones, tho oldest resident in the Swansea Vallcv, aged 1 12 ; Langali balcle,thc South African chief. * 