THE INGLETHOEPE MYS TERY. r ^ ? m CHAPTER 5. THE GHOST. Me. Henderson made ur go homo with him to dinner. I knew that I should not see Beatrice, yet, even to bo under the oatco roof with her made me tremble. Marian, \Tho wag constantly in attendance upon her sister, would not appsni? ofc the table. She came down for a moment to meet me, and to thank me tor my poor oitortG. Tho dea?.' child had changed somewhat, liko the rest of us. She could not look like anything but tho rosebud which sho wag — a fresh und pure young creature of sixteen Rnrnmers — a rose bud drenched in dew — a little pale, with a quiver in hei? smilo, and bright tears beading her eyelashes, ready, [at any momanfc to drop. It wp.b touching to see one naturally so joyous subdued by the shadow which had fallen over the house, Neither o£ ua could say much ; our lips trembled when we apoko hov name ; oo, after a moment's holding: my hand, while tho rears began to flow fast, Marian unclasped my fingers, and ran beck up-stoirs. I saw Mr. Wari'iaton hide those bins grey oyoo in his handkerchief ; my zeapeet for him doeponsd as I felt th'it those eyes, sharp nnd psHeh'DtiDg as they wo?e, were not too cold to w&rm; witb. a sudden mist at the vision he had beheld ?Ah!' murmured I to myself, cii ha could ;? see Beatrice !' When dinnei' was over Mr. Henderson went up to sea bin daughter?, giving me permission to «how tho houso and gyound3 to tha detective. E(5gcr went into the portico to smoke a cigar. Mj'. 'Wari'iston sat a uhort time in the library, ? taking an improsoion of it on hia mind, examined the lock of the dosk, and noticed fcha arrange ment o£ tboone window, which was a largo bay vvindowopeniDg to the floo?, and projoefcieg ovar tho flovrsr-gardea, which lay behind tho house and bordered tho lavrn to the right. It w&3 about throo feet fromfctho ground, and, although quite acceesibla ao a mods oL: ontEauco to auy ouo compelled to that rssouvco, tho window wa.-3 not ordinarily used a3 a mode of ingrens or egress. I had oometimtiG chased. Marian, when she was not so old fia jqcw, and sant her flying through the open casement into the mignonette and vio lets boneatb, while I Bprang out lifter hei' ; but pinee 7/0 had both grown raoro neacte ouch pranko wera ro.ro. We then v/ont out upon tho Icwd, I took my companion to tho troo benoath which I had stood when thst dark figuro had approached, and pasaed ma, to crouch. beQoatlji the window from which the do&tb-eanalec; ahone. P.?om this opot the bay-window was :not visible, that being at the back of tho house and this on the side, Mr. Warriston looked carefully about him, Wiilkiog nil ovez tho lawn, going up under the pssloui1 windovfs, and thoaeo puxnuicig hia way into the garden and around to tho bay win dow. It was quits Datum), to search closely ia this precinct for some ajiU'k ot footeteps, some crushed flowert', or broken brfinchse, or espatcheo upon tho wall, loft by tho thief, if ho ov she had made hh or her entrance at this spot. Going over tho ground thus, inch by inch, I observed a bit of white k;.vyn, soiled v.v.d weathor-boiitou, lying under p. rose-baah a few feet from, tho window. I picked it up. It wr.s a wcanan's handkerchief of iino lawn, embroidered along the odgo with a delicate ruoaing pattom. and a spray oli flowers at the corner. ' One: of the young Indian boo dropped it nome time J'.go,' I svM, ' ov it has blown cisiusa from the kitchon gvr»KS-plot, where the linon id put to dry.' Thon 1 examined tho discoloTU-'od aiticlo more closely, and, involved in tho graceful twininga of the rpi-sy of flowei'e, I uasv worked tho initials, ' B.D.' 'Bessb Donovau,' snicl my coffipanion, taking it from lay himd. 1 It seemo too dainty nn r.i'ticie for hev owner ship,'! Btud, at last, foi1 at fh'at I had boon quite otwjjifisda c A womnn'o vanity will compass sunny thingR boyond ho;; menas. T'xio thing eho hao ona bi-oideved with ho;: own neodlo ; you remember aha in n proficient in tho nsf/ 8 Yes, I remember oho mn,y hfivo bat it on Sunday nigh--, during ?bo,t vinit which I ob porved, and tho wind nan blown ifc ovor into this spot' ' ' You forget that there has been no fain einco that night. This handkerchief has been hoaten into tho grass and earth by a violont rain. A thorn upon this busb. has pulled ifc from her pcekefc an she passed, and the rain has set its mo.rk'upoQ it, to bo udod as b testimony against he?.' ? ? ? 'The evidence seems to be conflicting* She cannot bo a mao end woman both.' TTo,' was the quiet roply; 'but there may be a principp.l ond on accomplice. A woman is s safer socorapHce for a man than ono of bis own acx, and vice vorsn/ Tho face which I hr-d sesn in He despair—the faf?e of Bessie Donovan— ross in my memory, full of puBsion, msr/ied In ovory soft yet impres nivo lineaBiont with alui/iberlng power. ' Sucb. n natni1'?,' I thought, 'can bo caacltienfid into critne, but it will not connort with villainy/ Mv. TvrBf'rii5ton put tho bandkorobief in tho inside pocket of hio coat, and w& returned to the house. He inquired tho n?,rae9 of tho servants, none of whese initials corresponded witli those wo bad found, nor could I recall any visitors of the fumiiy fco ??hom tho handkerchief might belong by virtue of its inscription. There was not tho shadow of a doubt but that it had been tho property of the bpsod tress. Some err/vnc!, secret and unlawful, hod brought hev to ifjfjge g?onndn, and under this window. We now conniderod ifc proper to show tho handkerchief to Mr. Henderson, p,nd relate to him oui? groundn c£ suspicion against tho girl. Marian snd Edgar were admitted to the conncil. The former said that she remem bered B«ssie Donovan 3 that she had been era ?Dlovsfl ia the family, for a few dovs at a time, on different occasions, but not lately. ? Wo liked hev sewing rrery much, and wanted to 07)g3ge her for tho nest six weeks,' she added, with a sigh ; ' but, on inquiring for her, learned that sho was now employed in Liver pool.' ' She must, then, have been perfectly familiar with tho iirrangemenfc of tho house, and with the habita ol the family ; as?, for inBtance, at what hour you dined, Sho might enter while the family re era ad tfiblo, since, had oho been surprised by the entrance of a servant, or other person, ohe conld affect to have called on an errand, and to bo waiting for tha young ladies,' i'orasrkod Mr. Wai-piston. The sorvants vrere then suK.monod, ono at a time, Cind questioned as to whetbe? they had observed any suspicious persons whatever about the houno ox' grounds within d week. They were, of coarse, in a state of high excitement, and immediately upon a question being put to them, answered every other imaginary ctaa in the world but that, called on all tho saints in tho calendar to bear wiineea that they were speaking tha truth, gavo an account of all the beggars thnt had colled ct tho kitchen for tho last sis months, cried abundantly, and gave no coherent information. ' Ab, to be snro !' said Janet, the cook, 'thora was the blacMn''fi:id-blue m&n; como round last Wednesday, and I took some blue of him for the clothes. It's a poor memory I have, to be uurti) uut jl i;au rsnaBUiuei1 tuui won tmuu^ii. jli was Saturday, ifc was, and oh, good gracious ! it in setting me all over a trembling a\\-thinkm' of that day ; and 1 nee a little yolle? dog a-stickin* his noso into the kitchen door, which was about helf open, and says I, ' There's vagabonds tij'oand now, I know, by the dog,' and I tvenfc and looked out, anr], as sure ao my aamo's Janet, thera was an old lame men with a stick a - pretending to look for rags and bonec, aad I ordered him about hia business immediately ; and that, I think, was Saturday fortnight, but I vrcn'fi be duj:o ; end I don't mind nobody slue bufc tho croekery womnn, with, her basket, which I don't think it could have boon lies as would do anything bad, for aho's been round regular, for a good while, r.ud is a decent spokon woman that I'vo had Gomo dealings with myself. I sold her w.y old plaid gowa for the match-bo:: of ebony that standa on tho kitchen mactul-pioes ; and now, oh, dear! I'm fairly heart- broken. Margaret: nnd I daren't ait in iho kitchen of nights bo ??aor-3, unless Jim's there, and for the last two nig'ata I've woke up screaming with fright ; and IE I'd soon anything I'd havo told it long beioro, which I wish I had, seeing you've taken the troublo to ask me, sir. It's no good to cool: vittleo which nobody eats— and — and I wish I bad never eerao to Inglothorpe, to sea poos Miss Beatrice made miserable for life like this !' and having relieved herself of tho sympathy which eho bad been aching to oppress, without the opportunity, bIio throw hes apron over her head, and subbed as ii b.02 heart was broken, as sho said it was. Martha's testimony wag no more to tho point than Janet's. Mr. Wnrriatoa let each of them stiy what they had to say after their own fashion, putting up with tha tedious circumlo cution, iu tha hope of finding aomo grain of v/h&r;»t iu tho buuhol of chuil. After a rlelngs of touts and interjections, Mat tha did finally como out with a Bftitamout nrhich arraatsd tho uttontiou of her liotenoi'G, ' I've sever ooen anyone trapesing about the place bq didn't belon? hero-- not a living soul — and I hope I may never eea what Jim did, It w&fm;'fc a human boino; at all, hn'o a Dpe:-.:it, and ho saw it thfit very night. Ho neve? told ua of it till the Wednesday night, no we oat ialkiug ciboat the tuneval, v.vA it iVighteaed wi eo, v?o nevor slept a wink till morning. Poo? Jim's worried about it, too ; bo prstenda ho isn't afraid of any ono, dzzd or living, buii it' a no shame to the best of uo to at&nd; in &we-; of opor site, mid I see feo dooen'o like goiug about th& place alone after dark, nnd no wonder oithor,. ' :'; after ooeing a ghont V ?What wrq it liko?' 'Well, air, you'd boat call him and lot him Qpouk for him'soli: ; it mukon ono''« blood run cold -- to think ol sicb thingn in .1 Chrintian family/ Jim wro Bumpnoned. His otory weeded out was this : — On Saturday evening, after ten, hia mistress, Miss Beatrice, bad aonfc him to th© station to see if anything had been loft thero foir her. It was very dark and raining hard, Ho lighted tho lantern. As he wont ont of tha back gate, ho stopysci a minute and lifted hio lantern to take a look-about the premies, to see if there was anything left out which oaght to bo taken in* from tho storm. As he waved the light aboafr tis saw something in the flower garden, about six feet from tho bay-window. It had the appear ance of s woman. Ita face 'was white ; its hmt hung down on its shoulders, It stood quit© still in the rain, just as if tho water was nofe ooming down in buoketfuls. It had very large,, bright ayee, which shone, when the candle threw a light on them, as if they had been medo of firfi. He only saw it an instant. He was so frightened that ho let his lantern fall, which did not' happen to extinguish tho candle, but whom he lifted it ap again the ghost had vanished. Ho felfc vary queer about it at thnt; tiru«, and th» next day when the bad news cams, ho knew ifc was a warning. They often had such iu tho part of the cotmtry from which he came. We did not undeceive Jim as to tho character of tho phantom. With tho assurance that it probably would not como again, since Its mis sion had been accomplished, and a caution not to make the girls in Ike kitchen too norvoua about it, wo dismissed him', CHAPTEE XI. EICATEICE. One weolr, another, a third, a fourth passed by. iOur town wae as if it had never been shaken by a fierce agitation. Already, the tra gedy was as if it had not been, except to the household whose fairest flower it had blighted,, People no longer looked over their shoulders as they walked ; the story now only served to en liven the history of the little place v/hon it was told to a stranger. Everything that human energy eould accom plish had been dona to iyaclc the murder to Ha origin, yofc not one step 'and been gained cinco wo sat that Friday afternoon in Mr. Head arson's dining- room, holding a council ova? tho handker chief. Young and healthful as I wno, I folt my spirits breaking down under my constant, un availing exertiong. Tho time for my examina tion cams, which conld not bo unfluccaGshtl, I had so long bean thoroughly prepared, but I hud lo«t my keen interest ia this era of my life, while my ambition grow torpid. To excal in my profession had become, for tho time, quite the secondary object of my life. My brain grow feverish with the anxiety caused by my restless projects — the recoil of thwarted ideas. Thore was not one in the family group (always except ing that unseen E-rid cloistered nnfforsr) who bs traved the wear and tear ol our trouble so much as I- Edgar remarked onca that I wa3 improved by losing some o»: my boyish, ruddiness ; I was ' toning down,' ho aaid. On another occasion, with that Mophistopholos nrailo oi: his, ho ob served that ifc must bo tb.fi fc I waa after the hand some rewcrds ; the sum total would make a com- ? fo?£fible sura lor n norson iusfc stRi'fcine iu the world. I do not think ho wished to quarrel with me ; ho was always doubly pleasant after any such, waspish a ting, ilo was naturally satirical, and ho could not always curb hia inclination to bo so at my sxponce, Ia. tho meantime, an impression gyow upon me that ho wco watching mo ; with what intent I had not yet dacidsd. In nil this time I had not seen Beatrice. Sho hc.d recovered from her illness, so cjs to bo about her room, but bad not yot joined i'ho family at meals, I went frequently to tho house. It had boon a second homo to saw ever since I loffc the haunts of my boyhood, and tho pretty cottsga near Torquay, where mj mother still resided, amidat tho friends who had known her in tho daya of bar happiness — that is, of my fathor'fl life. With the same freedom as of old, I went and cams to arid ftoni Mr. Honderson's house, I ws.51 nofc &pprehensivo; of intruding upon Beatrice because she neves: leffi hor apartments; while Marian, gay young eroatuvo, troubled and grieved ua sho was, conld not stay always id the shadow. At her age, the budding blooms of womanhood, required Gunshine. Sho was lonely, and whuu she left her sister to the fioiitudo which Beatrice preferred, 'she w&nted; compaijy,' she said. ' Edg'.ii1 Hwds glooray, and vvould not ti'y to amuse her, Hot that she wanted to bo amused, but; everything was 30 aad, and sho Salt so timid, it waa v. ?c-:iio£ to havo any one to talk to, or''; even to ioozi (it.5 I fslfc vevy sevry for he?. It became v, part ol my daty to bring her books, nnd somotiniaa to i'oud them aloud, through tho lengthening evenings ; at othcra, to wilo aw«y tho time with a gains o£ chocs. Ths pip.no was kbandonod, out of respect for the Biotiifier in the chamber above. Cayola would i'iso to ¥L;M-iriri'g lips, an they riao from t-bo iftrJr fit funvtso, but oho always broke them off, drowning them in sighs. Hor elastic spirit constantly ancertad itself, while tho tender sym pathy of a moot warm, fifcoctionate nature aa constantly doprosssd ifc. Sho could not npeak of Bofitrics without tears ; nnd. for this my heart blessed her. Sho did not know of tho choking in irtw own throat, which often prevented me from speaking when 1 ought, perhaps, to ba littesiug words of help or comforfc. ? ? (To he continued.) 