Occupation Licenses. Writing of the recent amendments in the Land Act of 1884, Mr. Alexander Black, of Nebo, writes:—"A matter of detail, altered but not amended, is the mode of determining among competitors the right to oooupation licenses, ohanged from the method of lot to that of auction. The decision by lot is abandoned on the grounds that it is abused. The abuse was open and flagrant in nearly every case. But the usual remedy for breach or abuse of law is satisfaction or penalty. Not abolition, the law itself being good. And that the system by lot was best for the people, reason and experienoe demonstrate. By it the poor man had one chance. By premium or by auotion he has not the ghost of one. Here the decision infallibly is on the side of the rich, as surely as that a hundredweight will overbalance an ounce. The other day in the Mackay Land Offioe two ocoupationliconses were competed for. For these there were sixty* one applications tabled. It is stated that two only were bona fide. The remaining fifty-nine, with the ex ception of one or two land speculators, were dummies, acting as friends for the bona fide men. This is discreditable. By the multipli cation of dummies, the rioh beat the poor in his only chance, as he cannot command these as the rich oan. When lot was proposed to be substituted for premium or auction, a communication was sent to a prominent member of the House, himself a supporter of tho lot system, suggesting a remedy for its abuse—namely, that all competitors for a license should pay a qualification fee of say, £1, to the Government, and that the successful one should, by himself or his agent, occupy the land within three months or forfeit his license. Had the Clermont 400 competitors and others been subject to these conditions very few dummies would have appeared. If they had the revenue would have benefited propor tionately. The hon. member to whom this remedy was suggested took no action on it, and tho result is the auotion system and total loss of the poor man's only chance of an occupation license." 