LEGENDS ABOUT TREES. have uflHWmiy __ poetical and mythological allusion. Many of the prettiest legends of heathen antiquity, as well as of our genitors relate to trees ; .d- • yari&is; Sftntl* ! interesting to our r We begin with the apple-1 larly connected with the first transgression and fall of man, and distinguished alike in the mythologies of the Greeks, Scandinavians, andMJruids. The golden fruits of the Hesperides, which it was one of the labours wf Hercules to procure in spite of thç sleepleès dragon which guarded tbem, were believed by the pagans to be appleB. Hercules was worshipped by the Thebans under the name of Melius (from the Greek Mélon, an apple), and apples were offered at his altars. In the Scandinavian Edda" we are told that the goddess Iduna had the care of apples which had the power of conferring immortality, and which were consequently reserved for the gods, who ate of them when they began to feel themselves growing old. The evil spirit, Loke, took away Iduna and her apple- tree and hid them m a forest, where they could not be found by the pods. In consequence of this malicious theft everything went wrong in the world- The gods became old and infirm, and, enfeebled both in body and mind, no longer paid the same attention to the affairs of the earth, and men, having no one to look after tliem, fell into evil courses and became the prey of the evil spirit. At length the gods, finding matters get worse and worse every day, roused their last, remains of vigour, and combining together, forced Loke to restore the tree. The Druids paid particular reverence to the apple-tree because the misletoe was supposed to grow only on it and the oak, and also on account of the usefulness of its fruit. In consequence of this feeling, the apple was cultivated in Britain from the earliest age of which we have any record, and Glastonbury was called the apple orchard, from the quantity of apples grown there, previous to the time of the Romans. Many old rites and ceremonies are therefore connected with this tree, some of which are practised in the orchard districts even at the present day. The wassail bowl, drunk on All Hallow ETen, Twelfth Day Eve, Christmas Eve, and on other festivals of the Church, was compounded of ale, sugar, nutmeg, and roasted apples, which every person partook of, each taking out an apple with a spoon and then drinking out of the bowL The custom of bobbing for apples on All Hallow E'en, and on All Saints' Day, which was formerly common over all England, is still practised in some parts of Ireland. A kind of hanging-beam, which was continually turning, was suspended from the roof of the room, and an apple placed at one end and a lighted candle at the other. The parties having their hands tied behind them and trying to catch the apples with their mouths, frequently caught the candle instead. In Warwickshire apples are tied to a string and caught at in the same manner; but the lighted candle is omitted, and in the same county children roast apples on a string on Christmas Eve; the first who can catch an apple when it drops from the string getting it. In Scotland -apples are put into a tub of water and then bobbed for with the mouth. The oak appears early to have been an object of worship among the Celts and ancient Britons. Under the form of this tree the Celts worshipped their god Baal, the Celtic god of fire, whose festival (that of Yule) was kept at Christmas, was also worshipped under the semblance of an oak The Druids professed to maintain perpetual fire, and once every year all the fires belonging to the people were extinguished and" re-lightedfrom the sacred fire of their jriests. This was the origin of the Yule _og, with which, even so lately as the middle of last century the Christmas fire in some .arts of the country was always kindled, a resh log being thrown on and lighted, but taken off before it was consumed, and reserved to kindle the Christmas fire of the following year. The Yule log was always of oak, and as the ancient' Britons believed that it was essential for their hearth-fires to be renewed every year from the sacred fire of the Druids, so their descendants thought that some misfortune would befall them if any accident happened to the Yule log. The worship of the Druids was generally performed under an oak, and a heap of stones or cairn was erected on which the sacred fire was kindled. Before the ceremony of gathering the mistletoe the Draids fasted for several days and offered sacrifices in wicker baskets or frames, which, however, were not of willow, but of oak twigs curiously interwoven, and were similar to that still carried by Jack-in-the-green on May-day, which, according to some, is relic of Druidism. The well-known chorus of " Hey, deny down,">according to Pro- " Bi urnet, was a Druidic — chant, " " signi- . fying literally, "In a cirde the oak move around." Criminals were tried under an oak tree, the judge with the jury being seated under its shadè,-, and the culprit lt placed In a circle made by the chief Druid's wand. The Saxons also held their national meetings nnder an oak ; and the elebrated cônfenenœë between the Saxons o and the Britons àîter the invasion of the tpsooImBgats ormer was h&d; under thé oaks of Dartmoor. . The. riûSJetbe, particularly that which growsJon theoak,"-was held in great veneration by âie Britons. At the beginning of their year,'t,he Druids went in solemn processiiin into the forests, and raised a g— altar' at the foot of the finest oak, on wi they inscribed the names of those gods -which were considered as the most powerful. After thiB the chief Druid, clad in a white garment, ascended the tree, and cropped the mistletoe with a consecrated golden pruning-hook, the other Draids receiving it injfc | pure white cloth, which they held the tree. The mistletoe was " J water by the principal Di buted among the people, against witchcraft and < part of the plant touchc&f;èf 1 considered to be thejWnen^M misfortune whiclP the land. The: formed w#î® thfi;5 and tyd i abo ut to TaH%içon iny. jFas always per- •#as six days old, ^ sacrificed at the itimn LokBjihe evil spiritj is said to have made thé airow with which he wounded Balder (Apollo), the son.jof Friga (Venus), of mistletoe bEanches.' Balder a^ charmed against injury from everything which sprang from fire, earth, air,' and" , water; hut the mistletoe, springing from neither, was found to be fatal, and Balder was not restored to the world till by a general effort of the other gods. The magical properties of the mistletoe are mentioned both by Virgil and Ovid. In the dark ages a similar belief prevailed; and even to the present day the peasants of Holstein, ana some other countries, call the mistletoe the '•'spectre's wand," from the supposition, that holding a branch of mistletoe will not only enable a^nan to see ghosts, but to force them to speak to him. The custom of Musing under the mistletoe at Christinas has been handed down to us by our Saxon ancestors, who, on the restoration of Balder, îmg again — ter as an instrument . of mischiëf. . . , . feudal ages it was gathered with great solemnity on Christmas eve. and hung up in the great hall with loud shouts and rejoicing. The holly, like some other evergreens, has long been used at Christmas for ornamenting churches and dwelling-houses. It appears to have been first made use of for this purpose by the early Christians at Some, and was probably adopted for decorating the churches at Christmas, because holly was t used in the great festival of the Saturnalia, which occurred about that period. It was customary among the Romans. to send , boughs of holly, during the Saturnalia, as emblematical of good wishes, with the gifts they presented to their friends at that season ; and the holly came thus to be considered as an emblem of peace and goodwill. The ivy was dedicated by , the ancients to Bacchus, whose statues aré generally found crowned with a wreath of its leaves, and as the favourite plant of the god of wine its praises have been sung by almost all poets, s whether ancient or modern. Many reasons have bèëû s given for the consecration to Bacchus of this plant Some poets isay , that ijb was because the ivy* has the effect of'dissipating the fumes of wine} others, because it ivas once his ^favourite youth, n a r td s rlc and others, because it is said that' tear it up and wreath it into chaplets and garlands. Hie most probable, however, seems to be that thajiyy is found at N; the reputed birth; ~ " no other part of " resented married, persons as of the tie which! ither, and it, ordered their religion and attach themselves superstitions of his country, to be branded with an ivy leaf. The ivy is symbolical of friendship, from the closeness of its adherence to the trees on which it has once fixed itself; hence, also, it has become a favourite device for seals, sopae of the best of which are a sprig of ivy with. the motto, "I die where I attach myself," and a" fallen tree covered with ivy, with the words, "Even ruin cannot separate us." vy is the badge of the Clan Gordon. -The jasmine is no less celebrated for the delicacy of its odoiir and flowers than for the pretty love legend connected with its European history. The custom which prevails in some countries of brides wearing asmine flowers in their hair, is said to ave arisin from the following circumstance:—A grand duke of Tuscany bad, in 1699, a plant of the ddicionsly-scented jasmine of Goa, which he was" so careful of, that he would no'suffer it tô be propagated. His gardener, however, being in love with a peasant girl in the neighbourhood, gave her a sprig of .this choice plant on her birthday; and he having taught her how to make cuttings, she planted the sprig as a memorial of his affection. It grew rapidly, and every one who saw it, admiring its beauty and eweetness, wished to have a plant of jt. .These the girl supplied from cuttings, and sold them so well, as to obtain enough of money to enable her to marry her lover. The young girls of Tuscany, in remembrance of this adventure, always deck themselves on their wedding-day with a nosegay of jasmine ; and they have a proverb, " that she who is worthy to wear a nosegay of jasmine, is as good as a for- tune to her husband." The myrtle was an especial favourite among the ancients, by whom it was held sacred to Venus. The name is said to have been taken from thatof Myrsine, an Athenian maiden, a favourite of Minerva, who, suffering love to overpower her wisdom, was changed into a myrtle by her offended mistress, and taken pity on by Venus. Others say that Venus, when she first sprang from the bosom of the sea, had a wreath of myrtle round her head. The temples of this goddess were always surrounded by groves of myrtle ; and in Greece she was adored under the name of Myrtilla. Pliny says that the Romans and Sabines, when they were reconciled, laid down their arms under a myrtle tree and purified themselves with its boughs. Wreaths of myrtle were the symbols of authority worn by the Athenian magistrates, and sprigs of it were entwined with the laurel wreaths worn by those conquerors, during their triumphs, who had gained a victory without bloodshed. The rose lias been a favourite subject with the poets in all countries and in all ages, and in mythological allusions it is equally fertile. It was dedicated by the Greeks to Aurora as an emblem of youth from its freshness and reviving fragrance ; and to Cupid as an emblem of fugacity and danger from the fleeting nature of its charms and the wounds inflicted by its thorns. It was given by Cupid to Harpocrates, the god of silence, as a bribe to prevent him from betraying the amours of Venus ; hence it was adopted as a symbolical of silence. The rose was for this reason frequently sculptured on the ceilings of drinking and feasting rooms as a warning to guests that what was said in moments of conviviality should not be repeated; from which what was intended to be kept secret was said to be told " under the rose." The Greek poets say that the rose was originally white, but that it was changed to red—according to some, from the blood of Venus, who lacerated her feet with its thorns when rushing to the aid of Adonis, and according to others, from the blood of Adonis himself. The fragrance of the rose is said by the poets to be derived from a cup of nectar thrown over it by Cupid, and its thorns to he the strings of the bees with which the arc of his bow was strung. Another fable relating to the birth of the rose is, that Flora, having found the dead body of one of hér favourite nymphs, whose beauty could only be equalled by her virtue, implored the assistance of all the gods and oddesses to aid her in changing it into a „ower which all others should acknowledge to be their queen. Apollo lent the vivifying power of his beams, Bacchus bathed it in nectar, Vertumnus gave its perfume, Pomona its fruit, and Flora herself its diadem of flowers. A beetle is often representedon antique gems as expiring surrounded by roses, ana this is supposed to be an emblem of a man enervated by luxury—the beetle being said to have such an antipathy to roses that the smell of them will cause its death. Among the Romans the rose was an especial favourite. They garnished their dishes with it, wore garlands of it at their feasts, strewed their banqueting apartments with its leaves, and their ladies used rosewater as a perfume. Throughout the East it was still more extensively celebrated ; the poetical allusions and legends relating the rose being numerous enough to fill rdinary volume. That which represents he nightingale as singing for its love, is erhaps the prettiest, and has given rise to ome of the most exquisite verses both in ur own and in the Persian, language. The rigin of;.tine fable is tluis told in the xinffU/^e^Flowers-.— 11 In a .curious fragent by the celebrated poet, Attar, entitled ùIbuPWàmêk-4he Book of the Nightinale—all the birds appear before Solomon, nd cM$jp nightingale with disturbing heir test, l>y the broken and plaintive trains wnichhe warbles forth all the night n a sort of i and intoxication, Thi ightingale is suminoned, questionecL and cquitted by the wiseking, because the bird ;. -::.• : ».; r ._— A love for the rand causes passionate ire laid to „ . ^ Jissert that the nightingale in round the ose bushes, uttering incessant complaints, ill, overpowered hy the strong scent, he rops ajàipified on the ground." leCWhoSicChurch lias also^added coniderably to ihe legendary history of the ose. A goldeniBKe^yBs conai ionouiable f^^ÉS^^^^I^ none but rowned either to give or to njKfitô^rag^of this kind were eometimes^a»ffflBB(0TOj3>y Popes on Good Friday^ ttmr ppmrto^finch potentates as it was their particular interest or wish to load with favours ; the floweritself being an emblem of the mortality of the body, and the gold of which it was composed, of the immortality of the soul. The custom of blessing the rose is still preserved in Rome, and the day on which the ceremony is performed is called "Dominica in Rosâ." lie rose was always considered as a mystical emblem of the Catholic Church, and enters into the composition of mostoi' their ecclesiastical ornaments. As a symbol of beauty and innocence, it was customary, in some countries, to award a crown ol: roses to the girl who should be acknowledged by all the competitors to be the most amiable, modest, and dutiful in their native village—a custom which, till lately, was annually performed in some districts of France. ~ .^ In the vw. middle -n- ogw. ages, wu the —r.— knights ». at n _ t^u^hent at wore a rose embroidered on their tllp5r sleeves, si^es. as an emblem thateentleness gentleness should accompany courage, and that beauty was the reward of valour. About this period, the rose was considered so precious in France, that in several parts of the country none but the rich and powerful were allowed to cultivate it; bat in later times we find it. mentioned among the rights of manors, that their owners were empowered to levy a tax, or tribute, on their tenants, of so many bushels of roses, which were used not only for making rose-water, but for covering the tables with, instead of napkins. The French parliament had formerly a day of ceremony, called " Baillee de Hoses," because great quantities of roses were thai presented. How many a man, by throwing himself to" the ground in despair, crushes and ^destroys. tor ever à thousand 'flowers of hope that were ready to spring* tip and gladdert all his pathway. • In Persia, when aman is ^convicted of robbery, t&ôy put him in a brick tank by the roadside, pour plaster of paris around him till he is suffocated, and leave him standing there hermetically sealed-up £6 & warning to all who pass'that way. 