Who and What Was It | 'Ghosts ! What fndge ! No one really believes in tbem, yon know, Gyneth, ' eald ytmag fifflwrtJUlUndaine, -sanding bis yellow -haired cousin a plate, whereon were haU-&-dbzenchi9ftnnte'rrastea'to%tnm. '*He jeeta Kt inn irlo never felt a wound.' V quoted a soft-toned voice from the 3nf- gloom of ths chimney corner, and the Words were said bo emverv that evervor,e looted aoros towards. Colonel r&erton.; -. Gyneth, with her yellow hair and her hazel eyes, had an eager, wigtfnl repression on her delicate features'; and as ahe tried to foerce the gloom, « tongne x& flame leaped op from the yule log in the wide chimney, ana momentarily illumined -a dark, h»nd some faoa, -Xhen-Jthe flame tank, and a «nenooteaon.*oeJitaepKrty. Then Wen not many of them, though it was Christmas Ere, and generally Christmas was kept in fine old jrtyfc (at UaUaadaine Hall ; but Sir Edward V-enter bud died quite recently; so the home cirele;-£tr£4wdaud hit son and daughter, was only iricn ased by the presence of GynetfaV cousin Gilbert — home from Ox ford— ColonerEgerion, a friend of ten years' standing, andtt-eieterof Sir Elwsrd'e de»d wife, ^Between -Gyneth «nd Colunel Rger too there tafl always existed a perfect nn dentatiain^.'frrta-Uie-thne he first knew Sir Edwanl and im family, vhtv Gy neth was a' ebliaima ait on' tbe.Co?ocela knee.. Bis affection fur the child was singularly strong and ternvSoos. Sir Edward rften {bought t&ere; isnet- be some deeper rcasen forjbia th»nGyneth'abesutyand charm, for some times tie Colonel would look into the child's eyes as- if he were trying to read there some answer to a question in his own Heart, and then he would strain her to fcim, and eo hold her for minutes, with his face bowed down on her Bnnny Lead. This was only vhen-he thought himself quits alone wiWGynetb, and the child never-spoke of anon moments, near did Sir Edward ever question bis friend concerning his lore for the little maiden. Gyneth was cot a child now in yean-, but ane was in heart, or she thought the ira*. \- In the winter gloaming these peop'e, all 'bound together by ties ol close affection, gathered round the yale log in the great dining-room, and toasted chestnsta and talked in desnltory fashion till ?someone— it was Gyneth'a brother Digby — suggested a. ghost etory. and so called forth Gilbert* jesting exclamation. ? -'But. Colonel Egertoa,' young Oxford = first Broke* the silence, 'yon don't mean that yea believe in ghosts?' : 'WJrjrnotJ' 'Oh I. -you're joking ? '' ? , : '-'- 'Mo, I am very serious. Yon can't nn-! dentand a man of forty believing such1 -nonsense ; but there is such a thing, yon' »™»i ?» *ne soepacism ot ignorance and inexperience.' . . ; . . ,, t Gilbert looked rather ashamed, andcolored ilgh. Ibe Colonel saw this — for \oung MallsmKine sat in the fall iight of the fire — and then changed his tour, for be was at tender-hearted «s a woman, and could not ? adore tolgire piin. - ... ? 'I beg yon* pardon,' h? saia, with thai ? noble conrnary which never BhrinkB from owri mg a fault, however young or hnmblebe thfe : ? person offended. *' I allowed my personal 'feeSsgto«mawB.y withme just now. Thai hi a ?acreo' snbj- ct with me, and .1 own iit ' gives me » kind of pain to hear it zidicuUB ? by those who only repeat what they hear.' ?' Ta so Berry, Colonel BgerSon ' said Gil bert penitently. «' I didn't know ? ' -j Ton were thorrghaeBe, (hoops not more ap'j than many of your elders. People say ' tee ing is believing;'.. bat .some people see, aaJ I yet they won't believe,' : 'I fancy I should,' raid Gilbert; 'but, I ColoDel Egeiton, did yon ever Bee a ghost }' j 'No,' he answered, in a low tone, «M j never saw one.' ? t) I . Again Gyneth looked np with that eager, I wistful Jook, but she said nothing. ( I 'But yon have known something,' said] Gilbert, no longer joking, bnt earnest, ' that ] ? — - ??* J tr^ **y '' **° JVU UU- . , ! ?Gilbert,' whispered sensitive Gyneih, ' don t ask him ; it is s mething he doesn't . like to talk abour.' , Mflthooght ? 'Colonel Egerton b.g«m andpansed. A strange fee ling of expectancy ?' ~=«lmoBtijf awe hong over the liltle circle. -Noone spoke. 'If I thought,' the Colcnel ? went on, 'Ifcatjny experience wonldhejD anyone here to apeak and to ep- ak reverently of mysteries which link the material with the ?pmtnal world, I -would speak to you of that ? wnicb has never yet passed my lipg ; the relation -will give me some pain, but some kipp'orm also.' J ' ? ?-^5*'' Coton«'- %erton,' exclaimed Gil- ] ? ?. fJerirand Digby, almcetin & breath, dont *tU I n»*fjTwwoaia rather not' H 'If yon ate willing to listen,'— the soldier MgKn gently. - .. .: ,r J .' . '''Ah 1 you know how we should ?like !to I ' luar,' was qnickly spoken by all. Sir Ed ward] ?'?? Jouungiu.aUacerjtGjneth. She held- fan J ? i toealh, and her heart throbbed : but sbe said I nbHung. . 1 Inrolontarily ihey«U drew closer together, 1 -and Gilbert, the sceptic, g^nced over bis I «toulder at the dark room bebind him. In I the brief pause, Gyneth rose from her arnt I . Md went softly towsrds the C .Ion»i, He I had certainly trade no sign jo her, and she I -»nldnctseehis.lacc,Jiewassodeepjn tbe I srajow ; but as she came ronnd to his side, I to?iS5*t!*' to »'««.?*-. ?**e\ ' «Tist made yonxome to me 7' be whit- I ftHI ?ill 41 Un_. JXZJl ? l ? t « — .. 9 ' 'I cannot tell,' sbe eaid, 'bnt you did want me, didn't yon J' 'AbJyesi. yes; I,cannotsp-ak, at least, not of this, unless yon are by my side.' m/^?'*'1 'DOm *n *he nettejj.heflriw ??? the girl down-by him, and pat hisaxm round tar She trembled— ehc knew not why, bnt she felt that he tremble! marr, and bis heart beat heavily. He seemed to be very eJronfflj ? ? agita-'ed; bnt he mastered himself— be was ? - a man in whoa reU-comaraod was second ™.—. — n« »ocn jte oegan, -speaking in a i»w,cltar voice: \- -* Ton »U know that my mother was a Merman, and Ihat in the Fiance-German wat I served in one of Abe regiments onder Uie Crown Prince Frederich Wilhelm, ?onser Fnli.' X have told yon many of my exr peneact*, bet of this one ne»ei nntil ihis evening. 'la a ebarpsVinnieh with French .lioope near a villag&eall.; d Gendraa I was eevere iv wounded,.an1 after bing found on the Bid by some of the Rcnch I was taken 1 6 ?be snbdaoc', ahere I was tended by the surgeon as if I bad been a friend instead of *b eoear. Toe nnrecs in this ambulance were all Sisters of Cfrsritj, and I H8s cne of » c ''T* *%** 'Ptt'tUf n=a« *he care of Sojar Bcse-Marie. Abe w, I snppose about ttrcntr-five yiBTs old,. sod if I say sbe was a lovely iwoman, I say wl-at sounds ^er.ly conienUoDal, bseanseno words could -tec»be a bewty like len-. ' It was the beauty of a eai^t. RTsc- Marie was a eaint. bne might hare been one of the 6ve hand in laens 'WiuGemnes Aie fi^e sweet ermpbaaas.' * I ntcd lo think sometimes she wax, and called A- r Bosalyp. I told her why one day, ana Bbe reproved me. lo her own eyes she was a einner i bnt we smiled if she etk thb. Did I love iBdss-Marie; Love herl No, not at we ncdersf and. love betwein men and -*—?? ?? i »**«- *i»o ^ Him t ftuu hoc was as lar above jil! esrlbly j as ions es Heaven is above earth. I woiebipped her— I loved her with a love ideal, pore, as if she had been the embodied saint I half believed her to be But she prss eased my whoie being; she wiU always poetess if. She changed the whole -current o£ my life, and thought j and she Hoved me as a sallrt jnajr'love a tonnelr;'toot as & woman loves a man. Heaven 'and iny own soul know all t owe to Bosie-Mnrie.' , . . He paused ». moment; his habd sought «S««th!is- and claapeijt raryjekfig.. ip. jTbat ?etmid to give bim strength. He went oa — : 'The time came that jay grounds were healed. I nut go ont -from . heaven to earth. I most leave Epae-Marie.' ', ''BhaU we ever be together again t' I said, when we parted. ' . . ' ' We shall always be together,' she an swered. ' Heaven gave as to each other. , ' I nnderslosd her, and, even in my terri ble grief, I was comforted. . ** I never saw Boaie-ltarie again. In the awful; time. of the Cpmmnne she was in Paris, compelling the adoration of even the fierce Atheist communards by the sublimity of her character — tbe perfection of her self abnegation. Sbe walked fearlessly amid the tumult of the streets to seek the tronnded ?and dying ; and o»e day a stray shot— lie : lowest of the murderous crew would not have wilfully have harmed her— -strock her and she felL Sbe was carried into the nearest place — a chorch-^«nd so died, as she would have wished to die, before the altar, in the very presence of, God.' Be bowed his head, and scarcely the Whis per ^passed his lips, ' Bose-Harie, my saint, my good, my hope, we (ball meet face to face one day!' '-?',' No one spoke; the names dickered and rippled softly. There was a kind of awe over tie JitUe gathering. It seemed as if this sainted nan were among them. . Oolcmel SteerlDn went cm. 'Years passed orar, and, after lunch t»a nel5»g and foreign service, I found myself at last onee snore in London. It was shortly before I. had. the great fcappiae** of know ing von.' He spote as to all ; but' instinc tively, involuntarily, he drew Gynetfa* fair ueau Nwonu uu DceNni, h u in nis neani the words were for her. 'I was not at that time -very well off, and I ooold cot a£brd to live at an hotel, or even in the best class of apartments. I was obliged to look oat for rooms in s central part of London, where I could get apace and comfort at a moderate vent. After bnnling about for a day or two without finding what I wanted, I called at a house in Doughty street, tear the Foundling Hospital. The door was opened to me by a man of whom I took no Daiticular notice. bnt I was not very agreeably impressed by him. However, I inquired for what I wanted — a drawing-room floor — and he in formed me theirs was to let, trnmipg a rent that came within my means. ' I will send my wife np to yonj' he said, and in a minute or two Mia. Burton— that was tbe name appeared. She was a neat-looking woman of perhaps 45 — the husband was older — bat her manner was exceedingly effneire, and she sever looked straightat yon' when she spoke 4o yon. However, one is net disposed to be hypercritical about landladies ; the rooms suited me, and I took them and wert in tbe aame avenl&ff;» ??* I had at that time a great deal of writing todo. I was editing a book wiitteo by a Kmflliav-nffinav bIm t.a*I fc^wu. l^Sff-J _. ? 3 ? his funilip were left badly off, and depended on the Bale of the work, I was anxious to get it ready for the publishers as scon, aa pos aifale. There wai no writing table in my sitting-room. I bonght one and s-cn bad rll my papers arranged and ready to commence work. Among tbe things belonging to tny friend of which I had taken charge was a small iron casket, snch as is need lot keeping money in. In this casket, however, there was no money, but things tnoreprccioustoihedead man's family, poor though they were— bis medals, and two or three rings, valuable only because they were his. He had begged me aw BWB^F mtt-V ?.aaj^avob UULU M. COU'U CCUvoT it into his wife's, own handr, which, as she was at present abroad, I c;o:d not do. 'I was arranging «ny papers, &c; , in the various drawers of the table, when Mrs. Barton came np to lay the Bopper. Ti e iron casket «tood npon tbe writing table, »nd in moving it to get at seme book near it, the medals inside chinked together. I did not observe whether Mrs. Barton noticed either the caeket or the chinking sound ; I was not looking at her, and went on with my employ - [ ment, presently placing the caikaUn one of I tbe table drawers which, I locked. Bnt by this time my landlady had left the room. 1 was very tired that night, and went to bed early, locking my door as I usually do in hotels or apartments, a habit I contracted from travelling in places where ona has sometimes to keep a loadea revolver handy at night.' uynetn shuddered a little, and drew -a quick breath. Colonel E?erton looked down teadtrly at the sweet young face resting against him, and his heart beat farter. He went oa *: — '?The next day I commenced work.. ' I heard - casually from lira. Barton in the morning that there were no other lo % rs in the bouse besides myself, »nd there dia' not appiar to he any servant. 60 ranch the bet* r, I thought, that I was alone in the home. ' My writing-table was so placed that the , door of -the mom. .was behind me. After supper— I had been busy all day— I sat read ing for*. while, to give mj brain a rest, and then I commenced work again. ? 'It was by this 'time past II o'clock, and mjr landlord and his wife nstullv went to bed at 10— so 41rs Burton lai told* nif. She had been np to ask.me if I wanted anything more, and had bidden me giwl night in her effusive manner; so here I was alen.e, quiet within and quiet tvithont.for Donghty street beincr defended bv irKtini. -ir^lnnaiv guarded by tbe inhabitants, has no vhrongh ixaffic. .. V It WS6 nut likely an dd campaigner like me would feel nervous ft brine alone late atr night, awake when nil the rest of the world was asleep ; but I think the brain is always more or lest exctted under such conditions, andl bad been wort ing all day and was work ing now. .» I heard some dock striking twelve, and was jnst pulling oat my watch to compare it with the clock, when a sodden draught made me instinctively look round. The door was upen. .not wide open, nor a little ajar, but about half-way-open. It gave me, jjst fora moment, an ' lerie ' feeling, astheyeay in th-3 North, to see this. There is something start ling in a door -jnittly opening, apparently of its own accord; yon have a sort of inexplicable feeling that something has come in. Bat of course such a feeling was bnt transitory. Most of these old houses in tbe West Central district tare sank a good deal, and in lodging honsfE the catches ti the doon at-- oftin iic pertecr. Probably Mrs. Bu ton had not shnt the door close when she left the room to go to her own, and it had simply come open. I went »ud shnt it, noticing at I did So thftt if*, xprna aflfrimv o-- Lt«*tf f m«4a mw,*.* therefore, that the door would not upen again, and retnrned to my table. 'Bat even as I -resumed my seat another feelin? -came over me— a feeling that made me — I may say compelled me to— torn touod once more and survey the room, my heart Fe-aning to cease 'beating. ? j. was no unufer oKima. Xnatwaswtatl felt _ My eyes ssiured me that the we r i m I ression was only a nervooB dic'nibance of a pcbapB over-exrited brain. - There wai no one in the room, mfl so place where even a child could have concealed itae't Mf gaze Jrom where I sat, took in all the apartment contained— chairs, tablet, small chiffuoier— all prosaic and commcaplace, after the ap proved lodging-honK elaadard— no grim cabinets or sweeping draperies— nothing to suggest, anything «6 romantic as the super natoraL . I turned back to my wiitioe ashamed of myself. I had behaved like some enper»':UoQS school-girl, who had staffed her head with the stories in Mrs. Crowe's 'Night Side «f Nature.' I, -a-jsoldier, who. faal watched by the dying- ?on-'toe battlefield at night, to tremble at an imagination of my own -disturbed fancy,? -So f reasoned while I took up a book that lay on the table, and oegsn searching -ont some refereaces that I required. , ? 1: * *? Began searching — {bat is, tried to begin searching. I could not do it. Ih»a, »»it were, mentally endeavored to shut down the feeling that I was not alone, as a bai reasoner wQI endeavor to crash a logiott opponent by sheer lond talking. Bnt. I had not succeeded. The feeling re mained ;' it grew ; it possessed me with an overwhelming strength. I straggled against the mad longing to look round — tbe mac feeling of having tometiiing behind me, I would not be a fool and a coward ; I bent over the book. I felt myself growing white, the drops stood on my brow. The print ?ram before my eyes; my breath grew thick and labored. I could striveno longer. I sprang to my feet and faced the room. 'The tables, the chairs, the few pictures on the walls, the prim little chiffonier, nothing else I There was no one in the room. No sound within or without bat the heavy throbbing of my own heart. ' No one 1 There tow someone — who and what was it, in Heaven's name 1 I tried to call it still my fancy. I was excited, over worked — going mad — anything ! Bnt all the time I felt 1 Imew that my brain had sever been more clear ; that it ma no f*ncy, bnt a reality ; none the less a reality because it was not tangible. Sjme personality besides my om was in that room, whether of man or woman 1 could not tell ; in what part of the room I conld not toll ; bnt it was there. ' The sense of this onseeo presence para lyzed me. If I conld only have seen my bidden companion ; but to know I was in an invisible presence filled me with ineffable dread, I dared not move from where I stood. I might tonch accidentally this form less form. Yet it might come close to me where I stood — might touch me. Oh ! tbe agony of those minutes. Why had this presence come to me 7 Ot had it come to mnV It T Mn«U **«.!« ...... ;* I it T ^A«U ~~1~» — '* ? — ? A VUU4U «M-« WO AW 1 AX i WKL1U giUJ era it! ' I cannot tell how long it was before a new feeling stole into my heart — a feeling that tbe visitation was bene6cent and not malignant, that for some good purpose it was permitted, and with that feeling cune a sadden thrill of joy, a wild, sttangs hope that shaped itself into sound, the sound of a name always in my thought* — ?Boae-Msrie!1 She had said she would be always with me. I knew that there was communion between her spirit and mine ; she among the sainted deed ever prayed for me, and I, morning and evening, asked her prayers for me. Was it now given to her to come to me in spiritual presence ! Oh ! to Bee her, to »ee her once more 1 * Rose Marie,' I whispered, sinking on my knees, : nanu, rot xay eyes Dsnoia yoa 1 Hut there was only blank space. I saw nothing. I ' I don't know, then, if I fainted, or what h .ppsned exactly. Toe next thing I re member is half -lying oa the cocch, and there was the room as J had left it, and the lights burning; bnt I was alone. That unseen presence had gone. Had I been dreaming ? I asked myself that question ; and some of yon perhaps think I had. Hear me still, if yon have patience to listen to the end.' ' Oa 1 please go on,' in eager whispers from the intent group, Gyneth's little bat.d trembled in the clasp that held it, bnt j she was silent. { ?? xne next day,'ssid Colonel Egerton, ?' I scarcely saw Mrs. Burton. It seemed to mi as if ehe had held aloof ; but I was too much abeorked in the thoughts of my last night's experience to be troubled with c ?d jecturea about my landlady. I dreaded the oigh% for I must tit np late, or it would be impos sible to finish work which 1 'bad promised to the cnblishera that week. Un. Burt-j, when ehe brought np the tea, asked me if 1 stoald be up late . ' Yon must get so tired, sir, fine remarked. \ ?' I replied tb&t; I was accuatomedjeo long hours of work, and I should certainly have to ,Bit up tbat night. ' Before I proceeded to work, f moved my ! table a little more out from tbe wall, eo that t could sit facing the door. : Then I set my- ; ei-lf resolutely, took oat my books and papers, and began to write. j 'An hiar pamed, and though I own I frequently raised my eyes to the door, it bai i not moved. Twelve o'clcik struck, the ' ' wttchiogihoar,* and still nothing disturbed , inland I' began to feel secure— almojt to sight fallen asleep an 1 dreamt all thathai happened! 'Bvenks that thought crosael me, sud denly, silently, the door opened just as it had done last night, just so wide, and no wider, t felt the blood in my veins turned to ice ; tte pen fell from my band ; I sat p&trifi; ad, land again I knew that t was not alone ; once more tbat mysterioni invisible presence* was with me. Why was I ttns flaunted f Mechanically, at !ast— ( knew I knew not how many minutes had tamed ? I rose, with some vagoe intention, I tbiok, of going to shot the door, when I saw a flash of a white, drawn, horrified face, wits glassy eyes Btarine -wildly into the -room. Befurf' I had time to recognise tbat face, there was a hoarse, half stifled cry, and s. body fell forwards heavily into the apart ment, and lay prose on the floor. I sprang forward ; there was nothing supernatural here — the cry, the face, the form were hu man. I beheld to my unutterable amaze ment the countenance of my landlord, av.d as I bent over him — he was in a species of fit— I saw by his side — evidently having dropped from hie hand — a long knife I Great heavens 1 I saw it all now. That mysteri ous presence was indeed eearen-sent. This wretched man bad meant to murder me I In one flash of memory I recalled the casket, and that Mrs. Burton had seen it. The mis er&lllp; 4*nnnfo ftltnnMMi flint- iMDLatMint.:-nJ ? — ^ -— — — f— rr ? I.' . i.bm^jw UVUIWUHl money, and bai planned to assassinate me as I tat alone at work. But how had my no. seen viator saved me I Had this wretched murderer eeen what was invisible to me I 1 busied myself to netore tbe man to his senses, and presently succeeded. He opened hU eyes, and glared wildly around him. ''The woman V he muttered. 'Is she gone I Toe woman 1' 'In intense excitement I asVed him. * wnat wotranl Whom did you see V ' He shuddered -violently, and raised him self a little. 'The woman,' he said, faiotly, 'the nan who eat there and ! joked at me.' 'At tbssa words I fell on my knees, and raised my clasped hands to heaven. ? K ne Marie,' I cried ; ? Bose-Marie 1' ~ '? Promising this man to take no steps to innish him for his intended crime, I ipdubed him to tell me the whole troth.- These are almost his very words, for I wrcte them down while they were fnsb in my memorr, ' * My wife and I were on the verge tf ruin 5 we conld not p»y the rent. The Iridlo-d threatened to put in tbe brt-ke~*. The d*v you name my wife uw an Iron casket on your table, and heard a. chink within it aiot money. Ton put it in one of the table tinkers. We were desperate, »nd the op po'tnnity «a»re»dy to my band. How easvtostsb venas transit nnw^Hno u.i so arrange matters that year death ebon'd seem to be suicide. That night I crept to your room ; bnt aa I approached the door I eaw that it wea open, and, peeping in, I behe da lady sitting in an arm-chair, with her fsoe turned towards - me. Sbe was Terr beaatHol,. deadly pale, with large, steady brown eyes. Sbe was dressed like a Sister of C aarity. I thooght » very storage ffpa should have such a visitor, and at that hour, ana sit with your baok tuned towards her ; ' but I dared not enter, and stole away, thinking the nnn did not see me. I would try. again to-night Anl to-night when I came in again the floor was open. I peeped cautionely, and there in the place sat the same woman- -the nnn. Her eyes met mine —they seemed to read my soul — I knew then it was no creature ot flesh and blood I Mw,' my fear and agony oyefoime me, and I fell. It was that nun— ghost or vision, or what ever ft was, who sared your life 1' 41 That is the story of my experience,' ?sid Colonel Egerton, after a few moments' silence, dating which his listeners hardlr seemed to breathe. ' Why it was denied to me to see this sainted being, so ineffably dear to me, He knows Who sent her to save me from an awfal death ; bnt will anyone who hears me doabfc that the woman whom this guilty man aaw thoee tw^ nights vxu the spirit of BoBe-Mirie? WiJ anyone still scoff at the belie! that the dea3 maj some times return to earth ?' fit WIW \7Utmrfr JXIVUUIUBIUB WllU bpOKV softly oat of the darkness. ' I am one, ' he said, 'who will never again ecoH. Ton have converted me. I believe as you believe.' Gyneth trembled in the clasp that enfolded her. '' Oh 1' she whispered brokenly, '? if Boae-Uarie had not ccme to yoa I ' It was dark, quite dark now in the room, save for a dull red glow on the hearth, for the logs had burnt low, and no one had thought of stirring them ; all were too ab sorbed in listening to the strange narrative of their old friend. Colonel Eperton bent over the vamur face. dimly outlined to him in the gloom. ' You are like Rose- Marie,' he whispered. 'Ton have hazel eyes like hen, and eometines her spirit seems to look at me through those eyes. That is why I love you, Gyneth— that ii why I have always loved you.' Gyneth knew now — she had felt, without knowing, more than once that evening that she was a child no longer. 'You seemed to belong to me,' the Colonel whispered again. ' I felt, the first day I saw yon, that you were mine -that one day you would be wholly mine. Is it so.Gynetht' He bent lower, and his lips met hers. answered him without words, as he folded her close to his heart, and it seemed to him, as he raised his eyes, that a shadowy form is nun's garb stood near him, and smiled with steadfast bazel eyes into his. That might have been his fancy, the pictured vision of his soul ; but he knew that Rose- ' Marie was in very closa communion with ' him to-night, and it may be he saw her in actual presence ? Why not t 