$bh anil Cuts* a Live within my income J Very much I donbt it What I'd like to know is How to live without it ' Don't go into the drawingroom, Maggie ; the minister is there.' 'Hour do you know ?' inquired his little sister. 'Can't yon bear ma talking ? She has got her Sunday voice The coal-man he whistled a melody gay, And he fixed up the scales in a fanciful way. And he nodded and smiled while he carolled this way, ' As we journey through life let us lire by the weigh.' A recent song is entitled ' The old church belL' The young church belle, however, will continue to boss the choir. You'll find it true if you'll observe, Although the finding out may pain ye, Tis sometimes hard to draw the line Twist larceny and kleptomania. A farmer who finds it impossible to get his boys to chop the wood for the family, says tnat ne is actually ashamed or tneir axe shuns. ' Ah 1 yes,' eighed a lady, ' John has been a good bssbaod to me.' 'I thought yon separated years ago.' ' We did. But he is always so prompt with tbe alimony.' An Irish editor says, ' The aim of capital punishment should be to reform the crimi nal.' A girl may not see much in her sweetheart to laugh at, but bis moustache is pretty sure to tickle her. Tbe steed that's rusted in the traces Can ne'er be trusted in the races. He — ' Is your will very strong ?' Bhe — ' Not if I am kissed against it.' ' Yes,' said Mrs. Partington, ' I'm mighty afraid of ghoste, but I keep them away from ? me by wearing and omelet round my neck.' J Stranger — ' Kissing sociables ! What are ) theyj' ? Burai belle — ' Thep are never held except ! to raise money for some religious or charit able object. A young man is blindfolded, ' and on the payment of a fixed sum some ! girl, whom he doesn't know, of course, is I brought op to him and he Js allowed to kiss her. He never finds out whom be has kissed ; butb; paying enough he can finally kiss every ? girl in the room. Bo, you see, he gets the : one he wants, but be never can tell which ' it was.' ! 'I see. Is there much activity in re ligious and benevolent circles in a town like J this?' j ' Yes, indeed. It just keeps every one of j us busy hunting np objects to hold sociables | Passin — ' By tbe way, Furnsite, how did I Buskin's new drama go last night ? Of course, [ you were there I' Fursnite — ' Oh, it was [ great At the end of the second act half of the audience was crying.' Passin — ' You don't eay so. Because the play or the act ing was so powerful ?' Fursnite — ' Neither I Because they couldn't get their money back.' Said Paddleford to his wife on the way back from the museum — ' I am firmly con vinced that women have innate, natural, constitutional love for the horrible.' ' Good thing for you,' she retorted, ' or yon might have been a bachelor to your dying day.' Several Irishmen were disputing one day about the invincibility of their respective powers, when one of them remarked— 'Faith. I'm a brick.' 'And I am a bricklayer,' said another, giving the fin-t speaker a blow that brought him to the ground. Mr. B. — 'My dear Mrs. Crossns, may I not put your name down for tickets to Prof. Pundit's course of lectures on Buddhism ?' Mrs. C. — ' Oh, by all means. You know bow passionately fond I am of flowers.' 'Fencing,' says a sporting journal, 'is one of the mostenjoyableof athletic sports.' Maybe it is. Btill there are some exceptions, one would imagine. For instance, if it were a ten acre lot that was to be fenced, and one had to split the rails. Waiter (gorgeously attired, to young lady at ball) — 'May I have ze pliseer to ? ' Young lady — 'Well, really, my pro gramme is nearly full, but Waiter — ' To bring ze cup of ze coffee ?' Young lady (discovering his identity)— 'Certainly, stupid.' Mr. De Style—' Why, my dear, I'm glad to see you bo composed. When I left this morning you were weepiugand wailing and tearing your hair, bec&uselTido; was sick.' Mrs. De Style—' Well, yon see, just after yon left, Mrs. Tiptop came in and told me that dogs of Fido's breed were going out of fashion. So I dried my tears and kicked him out.' A woman always seems to wear the largest hat she can find at night ; a man wants the largest hat he can get in the morning Brown — 'I hear, Inksby, that you lost money on your last novel' Iutsby — ' Yes ; but I made it up writing criticisms against it for daily papers.' It is a wise child that goes out ol the room to laugh when the old man mashes his thumb. ' No, sir, you will never get anything out of me for that stuff, yon can take my word for it' ' Yes, confound it ! but that's just what I don't want to take.' A police sergeant has been reprimanded for obtaining votes on behalf of an unsuc cessful Williamstown candidate Had the candidate gained the day, that sergeant would probably have been made an in spector. 