A Beminlsesnce of IQT — (Bsr Omieron) Wr were on a yatching cruise as far as the south-eastern ports, and on our way out were lying in the harbor of Port Yiotor waving t see what would come of some ominous baro- metrical depressions before w -JJstooed out to sea. We had experienced some squally wea ther |<>ntnde and it was therefore the more delicious to rest in the stillness of that perfest haven. The time was Christmas eve, and ashore and afloat there were busy pre parations for the fitting celebration of the coming day. A party from the yaoht had found time to go ashore and obtaining a buggy, had gone up the Hindmarsh Valley and galiiered an ample stock of evergreens with which to decorate our ship. We had gone into the decorating business with great thoroughness till the little vessel looked like a conservatory or a miniature island iu the tranquil bay. We were a party of seven, not reckoning the crew, the perfect number you will observe, and two of those were ladies and one was a parson. The ladies were the wife and sister of our Commodore. The presence of the ladies prevented the trip from being quite such a free-and-easy as it might other wise have beeome but what we lost in that direction was amply atoned for by their direct and indirect contributions to the plea sure of an uncommonly pleasant run. We were fortunate in having of our party two men who could play with inure than < r- dinarv amateur pro6ciency the violin aud the harp. There was a slight suspicion that the possession of these accomplishments let! ,to their inclusion in the yatching part'. Friends of the Commodore, who seemed to have strongsr claims were passed over and these were invited. But apart from the fact that they could " play well upon an instrument" they were hearty good fellows. And it is something to be essential to society. With the awning spread above us, the Chinese lanterns giving their soft light among the foliage of our Christmas decorations, the warm gentle breezi that seemed to be coax ing us to go to sea in its company, the play of summer lightning in the northern sky, the sense of freedom from business care, the ex hilaration of congenial company, the season, the singing, the racy talk, the yarn-spinning carried us through the second watch and all contributed to make up an oasis in the memory that never changes to the drear sterility by which such spots are begirt. But two of the items connected with that evening on the deck of the Mermaid remains with me more vividly recollected than the rest— a oarol by the Commodore's sister and a story told by the parson. I remember the carol partly for the rarity of the voice that rendered it and, perhaps, partly for the fact hat before her maiden dreams grew into the realities of marriage .on the eve of the day apDointeil for her own wedding, her betrothed' the merriest of that holiday party, was thrown from his horse and killed. That catastrophe not onlj ended his promising young life hut hushed, until they sing again in chorus, all the music of her lip and heart This was Gertrude's carol ard it was no great effort of imagination on the part of a yatching party to think it a most appropriate thing for them to sing : — Amid oM England's drifted snow, Amid hor frozen rills, Or where the sultry breezes blow Around Australia's hills; Round happy hearths will happy hearts Gither-in Christmas glee, But we must keep ths festival Upon the lonely sea. To such a celebration Let each a glad heart bring, With mirth and song let us prolong The birthday of our Ring. In concert with the Catholic chnrch We raise our hymn to day, And to the Incarnate Son of God Over ineed of praise we pay, With goo I will for all human kind And worship Lord for Thee I We keep the church's gladdest feast Upon the lonely sea. To such a celebration Let each a glad heart bring, With inirth and song let us prolong The birthday of cur King. Interspersed with the singing was the re cital of some experiences of the party. Every one had to tell of something interesting that the racontuer had witnessed. It might be gay or grave, lively or severe but all ficti >n was tabooed. We were in the mood when such work is easy. All the ghosts of the past came up at our call and story-after story, ludicrous, pathetic and ghastly whiled the niuht awav. Truth is undoubtedly strancrer than fiction. The parson's story was the shocker however, and as nearly as possible I will give in his own language his gruesome fragment of Australian history. In response to the call the preacher began : — "My thoughts have travelled backBome eight years to a time when I had a pastoral charge in one of our mining centres. It was Christ mas eve and I made «n appointment to mtrry a couple. I knew the girl. She was a bright Cornish maiden brimful of fun and mischief but intensely religious notwithstanding, and a member of one of uiy classes T was un acquainted with the young fellow. He worked in the mines, and was connected with dec<-nt people, but the report of him that had reached me was not re-aasu ring. The young woman's class leader had told me that he was " a wuriy minded man" and that he drank. When I reached her father's cottage several groups of people were gathered in the gar U;n and yard front and rearof the house andevery- where they were busy with preparations for the wedding. The ' front room" was as yet un occupied and to that I asked that the young pmple might "come to Bign the declaration that there were no hindrances to the approach ing nuptials To my horror and annoyance when the young fellow came in he was excited with drink. I checked his volubility with some bitter words and read over the declaration to him which wi'h eager aud trembling hand h signed. The young woman entered and he withdrew. I repeated the declaration to her and point ing out the place for her signature said " I feel, Mary Jane as if I was asking yon to sign your own death warrant. That man will never make yon happy, he will be a drunkard, and a woman cannot be mated to anything worse. If I were you I would go no further." She burst into a passion of tears and re proached me for speaking so of her lover. She told me of his fair promises, how he was going to take the temperance pledge and join the church. She found excuses for liiin in his homelessness and in the company that had gathered about him and expressed her un doubted belief that he would be an altered man in his new environment. I repeated that I had no faith in such promises unless they were performed before marriage. My experience did not furnish an instance where marriage improved such men. However niy remonstrances all fell to the ground and she took him " for better or for worse" until the Lord should part them by death. For three or four years '1 saw nothing of them and the ivpoits that reached me confirmed iny worst fears. He developed into a habitual drunkard and intoxication had with him the brutalizing effect that it has on some natures begetting a cruelty .that was almost demoniacal. FriendB told fne of -the metamorphosis his habits wrought on his splendid physique. The bleared sensuality and authentic ruffianism made him an object to be feared. I was in the neighbourhood on a visit con nected with some church festival and Mary J i ne's chiss leader called on me with a rpqnest that I would visit oar mutual frieud. I was weary with a long coach journey but the old man expressed his fear that she " might pass" if I didn't see her that night. 1 started with the old man for the mines. As we walk d along he unfolded the story to mo as far as it was known to him. Ke said, "You done a bad day's work mi ter when you tied they two together." I defended myself by telling old Reuben of my warning and pro phecy. " D.-ar heart ' the old fellow said " Shu enddeu a done vvuss if she had married " Beelzebub J uniorand gone to live home with the old people." 1 cannot loproduce the Corn ish dia'.ect with which t.hisoM christian veteran spske. But lie was one of those men whose image becomes photographed on the brain and while I remember I shall not forget him. Quaint, humorous, tender- hearted, inspired by that charity that never fnilnth, he lived knowing no higher ambition then to save men and women from the hell of evil living and when ho died the worst man on the mines lost a frieud. Reuben's account of things prepared me for what remained to be revealed. The squalor of the dwelling, the scant aud mean furniture, the general configuration of the drunkard's home it was uniuistakeahly here. But the woman ! God in heaven 1 are Thy arms around thy children in depths like these 7 Attenuated to a skeleton, fighting a losing battle with consumption ; the hands trans parent, the skin tight across the forehead, the eyes gleaming deep in their sockets, the red standard of the destroyer on each cheek and the cruel cough that death is kind to end. : But Mary Jane rallied to welcome me and Reuben withdrew beckoning to her attendant to leave us alone. I raised her to a better position 011 the pillows and as if disease gave a brief truce she was easier while I remained in her room And then she told mo ths story of her misery and her siu. In some res pects it did not differ from what I heard from other drunkard's wives, but in two or three respects it was unique in its ghastlinesa and horror At, first after they were married she seemed able to hold him back from his drunken habits but the reformation was short lived ana in a rew moutns an prospect or im provement was hoping against hope. But hope she did and pray and labor to make his home attractive and thus win him back to the path of sobriety. After eleven months their baby came. This visitor seemed to awake the better nature of the dipsomaniac and it looked as if the lirile child would lead him back into the right path. He followed his employment industriously, brought his wages home and drove away the despair that was closing round the faithful woman who had loved him through it all. But one day he was in the township and met a companion of former orgies, and this incarnated devil tempted him to take "just one nobbier," and after repeated refusals he consented. That one nobbier did the work for which hence forth theie was no repair. Neglect, upbraid- ings, blows and unnameable cruelties became the monotonous lot of the mother and happily, wasting and death snatched the child away. The wretched man had been giving himself up to a more than ordinary bad bout while the child was dying. Unaware of the death of his child he came home at night in the worst of tempers, hungry and ready to wreak vengeance for any fancied offence his wife may give him. She was sitting by the body of "her baby where the neighbours had shrouded and laid it out, almost happy to think her boy was safe for ever. Tha fire was gone out, and overshadowed by the trouble that the mortal agony of her son had occa sioned she forgot to make any provision for her husUan I. He demanded supper and threatened dreadful things if it were not quickly ready. Her grief had made her defiant and she vouchsafed no reply. Roused to a frenzy of rage by her silence he cast about for something to strike her with and seized the dead body of their child aud be labored her into unconsciousness with that. " That is what drink will do" interrupted the Commodore, " aud yet they tell us that ih'> divorce law should not be extended to re lieve one who is chained to a monster such as that." " What became of the fellow?" I asked. " Oh he was among the first to know what he d me and he cleared out of the place. The thing seemed to stun the miners at first, but if when their ra»e awoke they could have found him they would have torn him limb from limb." " And the little Cornish woman 7" asked the Commodore's wife. " She died the next day. 1 was iu the room at the time. She had got over all the bitterness of her ill- treatin -mt and was praying for her inntderer. She would have Riven him her last kiss and smile if he had returned. She told lis she had seen her boy during the night. and before another night they would be together. She said ' 1 am sure of heaven no The hop : of heaven has been with me from a child. I once went with mother to h -ar Billy Biay. The chapel wu3 crowded and I w is sitring on the step3 of the pulpit. As the little old man pushed through the people h" nansed opnosite me before he mounted the steps, and laying his hands on iny shoulders he said My dear you'll sit on the steps of the throne iu glory some day,' and I believed him as the little captive maid may have believed E ijali." At this moment she was seized with a violent fit of coughing and copious hemorrhage of the lungs. The end had come. The released spirit stole past the lips with that red current and the curtain fell on auother domestic tragedy. " An exchange says : " Pans of water placed in fruit and berry patches will keep birds from eating fruit. An English naturalist claims that the reason birds eat cherries and strawberies is because m the blazing beat they get dreadfully thirsty. If the birds can easily get at water, they will soon leave off taking the fruit." What glorious time the sparrows would have were this carried out. A few billies of water conveniently placed would save them the trouble of flying to the creek, and their appetite increase to a wonderful extent It is the want of water llvri fh-> llHin bsw.jiir rick to eat. 