, Wi ml 'Mmw. The man who threw a chance away picked up an acquaintance iinmediatelj after. The difference between pig-beadedness and firmness is this — it is your wife who is pig headed. 'Nothing will so retard the blossoming of budding love as a dog in the front yard,' or a boil on tbe girl's lip. Mamma (at table)— ' Kitty, stop that ! Do yon wantmetospank you ?'' ' You tan't, mamma ; I'm sitting on it. Brown—' Halloa, Jones, how's your wife!' Jones (a little deaf) — ' Very blustering and disagreeable again this morning. ' The most absent-minded of men is the professor who, when he hears himself knock ling- the ashes out of his pipe, will call oat, ?' Come in.' \- A female contributor, who was called to account by an editor for -writing on both aides of; J-er paper, retorted, « Well, »°d don't you print on both sides of yours '' o There is' a great art in making a good cheese. Yes, a fine fresh cheese is an admir able production of art, and a very good old one is often a rare 'specimen of ' animated nature.' 1 Jones— 'I say, Smith, I understand tbat Brown is something of a literary nan.' Smith—' literary man ; yes. Why, Brown writes for the waatebaskets of some of the leading newspapers and magazines in the country.' 'I have a great head on me this morning,' observed Mr. Auger to his wife as be bound a wet towel around 'his cranium. ' Heaven knows you need it bad enough,' sympatheti cally replied that lady, as she rolled over for another nap. ' There He Goes with His Tongue Out.'— Mr. Curran was once asked what an Irish gentleman, i just arrived in England, could mean by perpetually putting out his tongue. 'I suppose,' replied the wit, ' he's trying to catch the English accent.' Swindon the other day. They put it with the collection at the railroad. station, and the purchaser said it was the tenderest sand wich he had ever bought at that place. ' P»pa,' eaid a boy just returned from * sleight-of-hand entertainment, 'I wish I was a conjurer.'' 'Why, my son i' asked the parent, blandly. ' I would turn you into a rat, call up the cat, and wouldn't I bave s. lark !' cried the little urchin. No generous man would go to a spiritnsl eeance given'by a lady medium, and as the ghost'is walking about; while the medium is tied in the cabinet, exclaim—' There's a rat by tie ghost 1' . It spoils the effect to have the ghost cry oat and gather op its skirts and run. 