TO CORRESPONDENTS, To CoiutrarojtrmKTO.-in view of (be ?ery large n urtTliW4f qOeytloDi »ent id «tcb week bji cori'wpon deDtoifof 'nirwew ttie wiiwera to which i\Ve ftirea in the ywi W»- depttrfanenU of the pfcper to whkSh then be!oo/f-wodwlre to intimate tb*t it would bes eou. ventBHM« tti8 ii^t#r» w^rowit in »o as to reach the offlWtMt iater'tlMiXueeday In eich week, which wou)fc*UowrIbtf.rtSoi«lte time to answer them. *' A. OMnttt; Strident" »J» im riefted the Cen tennial KkUI WUon speaks highly of the tea which 8d)Be of tne" exhitil rm» have been dispensing tWere.ana «mtrMis fiwMh tix d«iet«riom infasiooi at different timet bf.tbepnwtoaoalyw. The WtteroonUint ttie fof. fo%ft£puftac«:-''Whatare the teetotal JesMaton, itarm Obit* 8«r<rt*i7 to Mr. #UBM Munro about? They make laws nfralnBt Bplrlt-de&lere; and the adulteration ot spirits, but pus lightly over the adulteration ot tea, than whioh there is no article more adulterated; and (he consequence is that it drive* people to take stimulants. The Legislature appointed inspectors of hotels to cheok thossde of bad spirits, and by tho infliction of penalties it has been checked; and public opinion should call upon the Government and Parliament to appoint in spectors or experts to similarly oheok the sale of bad tea, as bad for the teetotaller as the toper." One reason why eo much bad toa is sold is that con sumers will not pay the price that has to be given for good tea. At the same time, the Legislature has shown peculiar reluotanoe to examine into the doings of the purveyors of the necessaries of life. " A. C."-The total amount of the dividends paid by the Mount Morgan Mining Oo. up to December 81, 1888, is £750,000. This sum does not include any division of profits whioh may have taken place among the first proprietors. " Sceptio."-The " Encyclopedia Britannica "-a suf ficient authority-says: " As to tho daj and month o! tho Kativity, it is certain they can never be re covered. They were absolutely unknown to the early fathers, and there is scarcely one month in tho year which has not been fixed upon as probable by modern critics. The date now ob served.-December 25 - cannot be traced further back than the middle of the fourth century, but was adopted by St Jerome, St. Augustine, Orosius, and Sulpicius Severus, and in the East by St. Chrysoscom and St. Gregory of Nyassa." In the opinion of Canon Farrar, the writer of the article from which we quote, Jesus was born in the year 4, B.C. He (rives March 30, 36, as the probable date of the crucifixion. " A. B." (Hobart).-Your note questioning the origi nality of the poem entitled " Gone Homo on New Year's Eve" is held over pending an examination of the book which it is stated to have been taken from, there being no copies at the Melbourne libraries. Letter sent to the address given in your note. " Postage Stamp."-The penny postage for letters in Victoria has not yet been sanctioned by Parlia ment - "Aldinga" {Port Pirie, S. A.)-Melbourne Sports Depot; Ms. Cd. to 16s. fid. per pair. "Old Judge " (Oookfcown).-The cigars have been destroyed by weevils, which are Sometimes found in tobacco and cigars when unpacked. The only remedy is to sort out the cigars which have not been attacked, and burn the rest " Irrigation on the Goulburn."-Messrs. Robison Brothers, of Flinders-street, write " Will you kindly correct an error made by 'Telemachus' in the interesting article under the above heading, which appeared in your paper of the 5th iust The engine and pumps at Murcblson, of whioh he speaks so highly, were not manufactured by the firm he mentions, but by your obedient servants, Robison Bros, and Oo." " Dunk."-The MS. was not preserved. <Carnatic"(7own«villeV-The P. and O. s.s. Oar nab'c was lost in the Gulf of Sues on September 13, 18G9. Twenty-six persons, principally members of the ship's company, were drowned, including Mr. Bansford, the surgeon. The names of Elliott and Stokes do not occur in the list of tho missing. About 200 persons were saved. " T. S." (Kilmore)-Miss Melville played the part of Lazirilio in " Marltana"on one occasion when Miss Piaisted refused it We do not think she ever at any other time took a character to which her natural voice was unsuited. "B. E."-1. Try Arnell' and| Jackson, 478!Collins street 2. From 10s. to 20.*., according to size. A hundred copies can be taken off one impression.. The one you have can't be a good one. "Header" (North Melbourne).-Campbell and Yule,' lime merchants, William-street "Henry E. Gough/'-Your question was answered in the town edition of last week, and the country edition of this week. " Foster."-The legend of Fisher's Ghost relates to a murder which was supposed to have been com mitted at Penrith in the early days of New South Wales, at least 60 or 60 years ago. You will find : the complete story in a work entitled "Clever Criminal^ or Recollection* of Botany Bar," by John Lang, author of various uovels, published by Ward, Lock, and Co., price Is., and to be obtained through any bookseller. Fisher, an ex-oonvict, who had become prosperous, was reported to have gone to England, leaving his property under the management; of his neighbour, Edward 6mlth, also an ex-oonviet After he had been absent 15 , months his ghost wm seen sitting on a railed fence/ . This led to inquiry^ and the-discovery of Fisher's I bones in a waterhole. The murder was brought . home to Smith, who was executed. Many legends about ghosts have come down to us from the con I rict times. This one is very plausibly told by Mr. Lang, but he makes the blacktrackers trace foot steps that were 15 months old, and had been left unobliteratcd, because there had been no rain all that time. No rain at Penrith (34 miles from Syd ney) for 16 months is good. I 