Brevities. Searle won easily. O'Connor was slightly the favorite at the start. John Burns denies that he accepted, on behalf of the London dock laborers, the compromise suggested at the Mansion House Conference. Another great demonstration was held at Hyde Park, London, on Sunday, at which John Burns stated that the strikers' -executive had issued an ultimatum to the effect that the men would abate none of their original demands. A man who was seeking work has been totally blinded with quicklime by pickets of men on strike. Twenty-seven bodies have been recovered from the Maurice Wood Colliery, near Edinburgh. The great fire at Antwerp is gradually sub siding. The Sev. C. H. Spurgeon, the famous Baptist minister, is in fa-iling health. Several weeks are expected to elapse before the jury appointed to try the men charged with the murder of Dr. Cronin, of Chicago, is empannelled. Every juror called up to the present has been challenged. A coincidence. Searle signed the articles first and finished first. At Nowra, on Friday evening last, the Eev. J. Dixon delivered a lecture on ' Lessons from the Lives of Early Lay Helpers,' and afterward ad dressed an enthusiastic meeting on the objects and claims of the Church Centennial Fund. Mr. F. Anderson, M.A., lecturer in logic and mental philosophy at the University, delivered a very interesting lecture on 'Carlyle,' in the Burwood School of Arts last night in connection with the Strathfield Congregational Church. The lecture was one of the series of the winter course. Mr. Larry Foley gave a boxing tournament in behalf of the London strikers. It was the sym pathy of one striker for another. General Boulanger declares in behalf of free trade. They say a Frenchman is only philoso pher when he has fallen out of a balloon. ' Will you have old Scotch whisky, or the real Boyal Lower George-street blend, warranted to usher you into the grave ?' Isn't it a natural thing for a man to see blue ghosts after imbibing a quarter of very old war ranted colored white spirit. Some months ago in the Assembly Mr. Haynes drew the attention of the then Colonial Treasurer, Mr. Burns, to the fact that the high spirit duties were causing wholesale smuggling and illicit dis tillation of vile poison. Mr. Bums questioned the fact, and said the inspectors were wide-awake. Mr. Haynes said there were illicit stills at work within quarter of a mile of the Customs-house, and that there were numbers of plants on the coast. Seeent discoveries rather prove the fact. It is alleged that quite a large sale of illicit stills has lately been made in Sydney. The profits are JJ30 to Jj50per week on a still in full work. True to their colors, the Queensland pro tectionists are sticking to colored labor, and the Government are yarding their supporters to re sist any alteration of the law at the present time. This looks good for M'Hwraith's ' national ' policy. It is curious bow color will get associated with protection. The proposal for the reading of the Bible in State schools ended in a fizzle in the Queensland Parliament hist week. It was rejected on the voices. Another freetrade victory — Searle defeated O'Connor. Our champion is Searle — the American is surly. Protection has tnrown the entire importing trade of Victoria into the hands of half a dozen capitalist firms in Melbourne ; and the result is centralisation. In New South Wales every man with a thousand pounds can go into business. Every inland town in this country has its own importers, men who ignore the Sydney men in their importing trade. The effect is decentralisa tion. This explains why some of the leading Sydney merchants of Sydney have become protec tionists. They don't like the inland average business Tna.n importing and exporting for him self. Mr. Frank Cotton is about to reply to a recent protectionist address on ' Bogus Liberalism,' by an address on ' Bogus Democracy.' There is a very cute merchant in Sydney, who strove hard last general election to scoop .£25,000 by the aid of protection. Three years ago, he with other capitalists, stocked his enormous store with .£750,000 worth of -goods. On these he wanted protection to give him 25 per cent, direct and 35 indirect profit. Of course he would have had Tvig stock so much cheaper than the man who had to import and pay the 25 per cent, duty under protection. ' What a magnificent friend of the working classes * The citizens' farewell banquet to Sear-Admiral Fairfax, C.B., will take place this evening at the Exchange. B..&I.S.; Parramatta, from London,' expected iere on Thursday. E.M.S. Victoria, hence to London, left Adelaide yesterday. B..M.S. Alameda, hence to San Francisco, left Auckland yesterday at 4 pjn. senior officer on the station, will fulfil the duties of Bear-Admiral pending the arrival of Lord Charles Scott. Searle will return to Sydney in December. Ellen Jeffreys, 27, -was sentenced to six months' gaol at the C.P.C 'this morning for having no visible lawf i^means of support. At the O.P.C. this morning John Fisher pleaded guilty to illegally using a horse, valued at .£40, the property of James Service, and was sentenced to two months' hard labor. ' Mr. Spencer personally is aware of .£10,000 having been sent from New South Wales to back Searle. ? - . . . . , .Mr. John Williamson took his seat in the Woollahra Council last night as one of the alder men for Double Bay ward. The Woollahra Council have awarded the first prize of ,£50 to 'Hygiene,' and the second of £Zb to ' Neptune,' for the best designs for the proposed new public baths. Instead of meeting once a month, it would ap pear to foe desirable that the Woollahra Council should meet fortnightly, because at the meeting last night the ordinary correspondence had not been dealt with at 11 o'clock. The New Zealand Government propose to pay .£11,250 per annum as a contribution to the San Francisco Mail Service for one year. Should this be agreed to, our amount will be reduced to £25,750, and with the contributions from other colonies it will be still further reduced to about .£5000. The Sydney Hospital report for the week ended September 1 is as follows : Admitted, 33 males, 19 females ; discharged, 34 males, 12 females; died, 3 males, 2 females; remaining, 164 males, 82 females ; total, 246. Casualties treated but not admitted, 734. On Wednesday the Minister for Mines will pro bably move in the Assembly the second reading of the Coal Mines Begulation Bill. The New South Wales Commission to the Mel bourne Exhibition held its sixteenth and last meeting yesterday, and broke up with mutual congratulations and votes of thanks. The only business now to be arranged is dependent on people outside this colony, and can be dealt with by the committees separately. The expenditure of the New South Wales Com mission to the Victorian GentenniaL Exhibition will reach a total of .£15,000. The Colonial Secretary will receive a deputa tion trom tne St. fecers -Jouncu, rogerner wum the delegates from the municipal councils of the colony, at half -past 11 o'clock on Thursday next, on the subject of an increased municipal endow ment. In a quarrel between two boys at Napier (N.Z.) on Monday, one stabbed the other with a knife, and it is supposed fatally. i An Early Closing Association has been formed at Junee. The Blakebrook Hotel, about five miles from Lismore, was burnt down on Sunday night. Mr. John Cassels Byrie laid the foundation stone of a Presbyterian Church at Cooma on Saturday afternoon. It is rumored that the position of Minister of Defence for the colony of Victoria will be offered to the Hon. James Bell, M.L.C. An ex-billiard marker at Otago (N.Z.), named Joseph Levien, has come in for a fortune of £30,000 by the death of a relative in Sydney. His whereabouts are at present unknown. The Hon. Wm. Bobinson, M.L.C, a rich squat ter of the Canterbury District (N.Z.), is dead. He was an enthusiastic racing man. Mr. F. Wright has accepted the position of lecturer to the Pharmaceutical Society of New South Wales and director of the laboratory. A terrific storm of wind and rain passed over Wodonga (Vic.) on Monday. The Murray is again overflowing its banks. The Melbourne subscriptions up to Monday evening in aid of .the funds of the dock laborers^ strike amounted to £8684. the proposed new rate of fares, and threaten a general strike if the proposed tariff comes into operation. The Licensed Victuallers' Intercolonial Confer ence sat on Monday. One of the resolutions passed was in favor of the licensed victuallers' associations of the colonies amalgamating for political and philanthropic purposes. On Monday Principal Bainy left New Zealand for America. Hares are becoming very troublesome in the Wagga district, doing great damage to crops. Mr. Carruthers, the Minister of Education, has decided that his department will not take any part in the forthcoming conference on the sub ject of uniformity in reading books for the schools of all the colonies. Bicycling is to be taught among the military forces of Victoria. At West Maitland a Chinese mission has been established. The ChinMes in Melbourne are strongly op posed to the imposition o£ duties on eggs, as they have been in the habit of importing large quantities of preserved eggs from the country of the Brother of the Sun and Moon. On Monday evening the Bev. Mr. Inglis gave a lecture in the T.M.O.A. Hall on 'Master and Man in Belation to Strikes.' Previous to the ad dress Mr. Bruce Smith, Minister for Works, ex plained the position he had taken with reference to the Dock Laborers' Strike. The Gerringong Dairy Company has declared a dividend at the rate of 8 per cent, per arm-ii-m The Chief Inspector of Fisheries is at Goulburn looking for a suitable site for the establishment of salmon ponds. A sum of £18 2s was collected in the town hall, Granville, on Monday night at a public meeting held to express sympathy with the dock laborers. The Mayor of Melbourne, Sir Benjamin Benja min and Colonel Templeton are candidates for the Melbourne Province, the seat rendered vacant by tne death of Sir James Lorimer. By way of a joke last Saturday afternoon, Mr, Melville said that for the benefit of the London strikers they'd get up a boxing match between Mr. Abigail and Mr. Dibbs. Speaking later, Mr. Abigail remarked that he wouldn't mind meeting Mr. Dibbs, and he''d tackle Melville afterwards. Well, it would be a poor lookout for Aoigail if Melville came to ' box ' him. Tall scoring ! Ten guineas a sitting for the members of the Boyal Commission on the. un employed. Over .£4000 gone. A Boyal Commis sion is a fine thing for the unemployed. Mr. George Eeid scored a magnificent point in his speech in the Domain, last Satur day, when he spoke of science, by means of the electric spark, arousing the instant sympathy of the entire world in behalf of the London dock laborers. He said the strike distress was quickly known at the other end of the earth, and succor cabled as quickly in reply. In this briefly-expressed idea of Mr. Beid's is the kernel of freetrade. Science breaks down all barriers and makes the entire world not merely a market for universal sympathy, but a market for universal trade. As Mr. George Dibbs was passing from the platform at last Saturday's labor demonstration, a mechanic held up a burly looking youngster of about two years, and remarked aloud, 'This youngster wasn't brought up on grass.' Major Dane delivered a lecture entitled, ' Heroic Womanhood,' at the Centenary TTg.13, York-street, last night, in aid of the city and suburban hospitals, under the auspices of the Hospital Bazaar and Village Fair. There was a large attendance ; and, through the unavoidable absence of Sir Henry Parkes, Mi'. Alfred Allen, M.L.A., presided. The Marine Board inquiry into the foundering of the steamer Inflexible had been further ad journed until Friday. On Thursday evening last a vocal, instru mental, and dramatic entertainment was given in the Hurstville Hall by Mr. George Brodie, assisted by a number of ladies and gentlemen. The affair was a decided success, and the St. George's Church building fund, in aid of which it was given, will, it is anticipated, benefit largely by the concert. It was raining this morning at Windsor, South Head, Ulladulla, Jervis Bay, Moruya, Bega, Gundagai, Tumut, Mount Victoria,. 'Carcoar, Mudgee, Gulgong, Wellington, Dnbbo, Orange, Parkes, and Grenfell. Searle will not make any more matches in England. Leger's. — Now open, Hawkesbnry, September 14th ; 2000 subs 10 each. Also, Melbourne, 5000 Bubs. 10 each. Two chances for 1. Address : Leger, c.o. Barrows jun., P.O., George- street west. — i8. Medicines, drugs, toilet articles, trusses, invalids' requisites, dispensing of prescriptions, perftnneiy, druggists' sundries, and all pharmaceutical prepara tions, at English prices, by Marshall Brothers, phar macists, only address 410, George-street, 6 doors from Kintf-slieet. — 0. * ? ' TattersalT Hawkesbnry, No. 2, 2000 at 1 each, run September 14. Melbourne, 50,000 at 1 each, run November 5. Apply Taitersall, c.o. Geo. Adams, Pitt-street, Sydney. — 49. The best land for orchards, gardens, and poultry farms is at Sutherland; 99 years' leases ; cheap rents. Office: 3, O'Connell-streeh— 1L Great sale now on — Central Boot Depot, 117, King street. Pinet, Wolfe's, and others. All at cost price.— 0. ; . . ?????-*. 