"Camperdown Chronicle." PUBLISHED Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday. THURSDAY, AUGUST 20, 1889. TnE safety of the Government has been assured for n time by the rftjec tion of Jlri M'Leax's want of confi dence motion. Tho majority—thirty one in a House of seventy-three mem oers—may "bo regarded (is »" very substantial" victory. Tlio fato of the motion -was-sealed fromtho outset. At the last ■ general- elections the country pronounced Jn,-no uncertain . manner against any increase of the present Stock Tax, ahd'riie&bers; dared not, thus early in their career, vote against their promises. Tlio farmers then expressed themselves satisfied -with the position they-o'ecupied in the Budget proposals of the Government, and asked for no further concessions. An effort has since been made, how ever, to use them as stepping stones to office, but that effort has been a failure. "Wo give Mr. M'Lean credit for proposing his motion for tlio best possible motives, viz., that ho was desirous of increasing the Stock Tax in the interests of his constituents. It is admitted that many of the Gippsland farmers are favorable to an increased tax because they believe that it will do them good. The farmers -in other districts, however, ore much of "an opposite .opinion. They contend that whilst an increased tax ' will do no actual good, it will result in reprisals which will have a 'most injurious effect on Victorian producers. This has already been seen to some extent in the policy which has recently been adopted in the sister colonies of increasing the taxation on articles brought in to. them from Vic toria. The greater the taxation that is imposed on live stock or any other commodity entering Victoria from any of the other colonies, .the more em bittered - will be the feeling. " The result would be seen in a "war of tariffs ".in which it might be fortunate if matters terminated at the imposi tion of the most ridiculous duties. The debate in the Legislative Assembly has not thrown much additional light on the question. Threadbare argu ments were used until they were worn completely through. So the bugbear of the Stock Tax has been removed from the scene. Another "ghost" has been conjured.up, however, and lively times are again promised the Governmeut. The Opposition have been shut out from the Treasury benches for this time, but another effort is to be made to Uke forcible possession of them. Some sort of coali tion is mentioned between the straight Opposition and the disaffected members of the Ministry, whoever they may be, and the result of the joint action, it is said, will place the Ministry in serious jeopardy. It is just as well that members of Parliament should be told, ut this juncture, that the eyes of the people am on them. If Parliament is to be turned into an arena in which politicians are to engage in their fights for office, and another session is wasted in useless strife, theelectors must step in as the umpires and peremptorily stop it. Legislators are elected to manage the public concerns of the country, and if, instead of so doing, they strive con tinually for place and power, they must expect to be replaced by better men. There has been too much of the "party" business about Parlia ment for some years past, and it is the opinion of most people tlmt it is time for the State to receive some share of attention. 