The Supernatural. ? J. M. BlJCKLEr, IN. TITEf, CenTDBY ' .Is- an article... pa. apparitions, written, by 'Andrew Lang; ia the second Volume'' of the ' Eacyalopajdia ^Britannica,' ninth edition, lie says : — 'The writer onco'mefr, as hebslieved, a well-known and learned membor of an English/ university' .who^ was. really dying at a place inoroV than'; a_v u'nndiod^milca distant, from that,, in which he was seen. Supposing, for tho sake of argument, that the writer did net mistake some other, individual for the extremly noticeable person wnbm.he seemed- to see, the coincidence between the subjective impression' an'd ?- the doathof.-tbe learned professor is, to say at least curious.'- % ' '~ ;?.?.;- To determine whether or not it'waa a case oE . mistaken identity, is very important, bat no opportunity is given in the; passage qnoted;J'l£fit ^as';a subjective i'mpres'sidn, tlie Coincidence would becurious, and nothing else ; and not moro ao'than many conc'idences in trifles, and^many.-othorcircdmstancea absolntely disconnected, ar.d'inauy su'iijecliYO impressions t without* any concidencea. ' Mr. Lang, in. an' article' refered to,- lias written . like, one who has crammed with'th'e -litrature'of'the subject withoiit:.takirig, pains to reason closely* upon the alleged - facts.- ; llo refers to tiie superstitious horror shown by a.dog at the moment . of 'a .supposed apparition ' to his. master. -,. That the clog exhibited horror when hia owner thought; he:;sawan- ;apparition naay ,be readily believed. ' 'And ' one ' faihilar1' with dogs knows that nothing will terrify them more . than a great appearance of alarm! , on the part of their masters without any visible cause, Of tho same' nature ia the remark concerning the mysterious distur bances at the house of the : Wesley's'': 'The msstiff was more afraid than.any of tho children,' , The- volatile , -imagi- nations of children have, mever shown any great horror erf royatenes ; Ihdy were sustained, too, by confidencB in thier parents.' -But tlie ..'dog/heard mysterious noises which, naturally greatly agitated mm. i\xany persons fancy that mysterious ? noises wliijh will appear to respond to questions, to. make ' ? raps or . anssver ? rapa, - cpn clusivcly p'rove that they are directed by intellegcnce.; Sometimes they may, and the intellegence is quite likely to be of human orisjiou ; but noises of atmospheric,' 'chemical, or electrioal origin may furnish astonishing coincidences, justas the fissures in- the rocks are extremely difficult to be distinguishedfromhierp^lyphics. Some years ago an alphabet! based'on'1'tlie the- spiritualistic', alphabet was applied to the' suscessive gmts- of wind 6E a stormy autumn day,and the coinciden ces were astonishing.' Whole sentences of a very significant character at times appeared to respond to tlio arbitrary standards ??. And- in. any, caso:i r.the conclusion that' a' noise ''the'^'ca- uso of which , is not, yet understood .'must be supernatural is a ?p'rocess1;,of reasoning ahdgnorantia.' /liiatgliosts do not come to th'ooe most .liuterested in them,, and.( seldom qr. .RG.v,er.t9 any who long for 'them, Has been'rfmatter of note from the' earliest times'. -':? The ceremonies. practised .by the Christian Church in the Middle' r 'Aigos5 in the suc.ssful exorcising bE ghosts are not less striking than the sort evidence on which the ghpsts wore accepted. Two or three- clergy tore necessary', and the ceremony must be performed in'Latin, ' the Ianguag6 which' strikes the most audacious ghost with terror,' Accor ding;, -to, .j history and, tradition ,tlie 'gh'ost ^m'a'yib'e'ilaid for- ahyCiter'ni jle'ss than a' hundred years; 'in; any place orbody, filled or empty.' J3ut,what a ghost hates, most is ;t'ho Bod Sea. It' is related , on the most indisputable authority thav.the. ghosts' liavo earuestly besought 'excorcists not to confine tkem in that place ; nor ..is any instance given of their escaping, before the time! 'When we consider the horrible ' 'injustice'' :' 'inflicted upon orphans 'whose oatates!: arc) squandered dy^rusteos, the concealment or de strucfciqri .of '..wills,' the iogr'atit'ude.to' destitute bonefaotora,. the, diverting. oE trust fund for benevolent purposes to subjects 'abhorrent to -.thpao) who with painful toil accumulated them and ivith confidence in tho ' stability ? of 'human laws bequeathed , them?| the loneliness and despair tljat fill human hearts, aud the'glbomy ' dou'b' t's' 'of the' reality of a future fixibtGnce— all !of which would ,be, .reudered , iuippssible, . it .actual apparitions took placeV-the :cpnclnsi°a thafc'rioither ih; the 'manner' !6f tho:u:... uuugqa comings nor in ine oojecr-3 ior which they come is tnere any ?dvidence !tO'be' ''founditii 'their/ reality^'gather's almost irresi6tiblet'f6rfoV-'-'!'Vl '?«?''?' Thk Toqwcomba-Porujonont Bcnofit Build- ? ing and Investment Society aro prepared to advance monoy ou Freehold Property for' bnildinp; purposes. ;. Bopaymorits^ onty 2a. Gd. fortnightly,, which includes . principal '[ nnd interest for every £20 participating iu the : profits, thns roduciog tho intoreat to 8 por oont. Now is the timo to borrow.' ' ,82a 