THE MAiN WITH THE BROKEN ARM. A GHOST STORY. The following story by the Hon. Stephen Coleridge appears in a late number of The Woman's World: " Thought I, as the wind wailed without and the clock kept up its pitiless repitition, truly it is a fearful night for a man to die in, and the deaths of men are. as different as their hlves. I was startled from my thoughts by some one ringing an inperous summons at my door. There was a lull in the storm when I opened it. A man was there under the portico, who at once addressed me: ' Are you a surgeon ?' I replied that I was; he etepped in, and I closed the door after hhn, and led him into the library. 'I wih you,' hle said, throwing off his loose cloak with one luand, 'to doctor my arm.' I now saw that his left arm had nothing upon it but the shirt sleeve, and hung at his side, obviously broken; the rest of his person was dressed in sombre garments indistinguishable from the books against which he stood, and in the dim light only a white arm, :rd, if pos sible, whiter face were visible. I took the lamp and brought itto the string-course of the book case close to him, and rolling up the sleeve found the arm broken a few inches above the wrist. After a careful examinaltion I explained that it had better be set at once, to which he merely replied, 'Very good,' and for half an hour nothing was said on either side as I went at my task with professional promptitude. When all was completed, the arm fined immovable, and the cloak thrown over him once more, he passed into the hall, I opened the door and said, ' It will require looking at,' referring to his ar-m ; ' when will you come againt ' ' I will come again,' he replied. ' when our friend is burid.' 'What friend?' I gasped. The light over ms door illumined the inmmovable white features': the lips never stirred, but the eyes looked at me and said, ' He whom you had left when I camne.' ' In the name of God,' said I, 'who and what are you?' The stranger made no answer, but, throwing his cloak over his mouth, strode away into the darkness! . . . When I reached the house I found tlhat death had been there before me; my friend had breathed his last about half au hour after I had left him. I asked whether ihe had been conscious at all before the end, and those about him replied that he lhad talked with empalsis about some matter they could not understand, and that lihe had frequently men. tioned some gauntlet about which, as far :as they could comprehend, he seemed ho great dis tress. This I attributed at the time to delirium. and after a last sad look at the peaceful face I returned home sorrowful. On the last day of the year the gloomy procession of hearse and ear riages started from my friend's house to the cemetery. Chill and cold seemed the chapel as we rose to follow the coffin to the grave, while the white bare walls echoed again to the horrid tramp and scufflo of those who bent under their ghastly burden. As we passed out a figure stepped from thie side of the portico and joined the slow procession; in an instant I recognised the stranger whose arm I had set; he bowed gravely to me, and I returned his salutation. When we reached the grave he took up a position opposite to myself, and I had leisure t observe, in spite of the ample cloak he wore, that ho carried a parcel of some size in his right hand. When all was over, one by one the others departed till the stranger and myself were left gazing down in silence upon the coffin. He came slowly round and stood by my side, but as I remained motionless and silent, he at last addressed mo. '1 wish,' he said 'to accompany you to your house; have you your carriage?' L replied that it was waiting for me at the hlipel, and we moved away together in that direction. It was dusk when we reached the airriage and ot in. .. At my house door I would have bid him begone in God's name, but that a nameless fear of him prevented me. Coldly I invited him to enter, and we passed together into the house. In the library, at his request, I examined his arm and did what was necessary to it. When I had finished this task I 'asked him as politely as I could whether he had any further business with me, to which he replied that lie would ask this single favour of me, that inasmuch as he was leaving the country that night, it would be a kindness to him were I to take charge of a certain parcel, which perhaps I had seen he carried, until his return. I replied that I should have no objection; and, saying ie had hift it in the hall, hlie went out. While he was gone I turned with my back to the room, and stirred up the fire. The noise I made in doing this prevented my hearing his footsteps as he returned. I was stooping over the fire with my back to him, when Iheard his voice behind me say, ' Here it is; it is a gauntlet, for which I shall come to you again.' This mention of a gauntlet brought some unformed recollection into my mind as I turned round to take it. When I faced him I saw a sight to freeze the blood ! The man was holding out towards me the parcel he had carried at the grave-side, but -with Iis broken arm ! I put out my hand in dumb horror to take it. I felt a sudden immense weight that my one hand could not support, and the bundle fell upon the floor be tween us with a crash. I glanced down at it for a bare moment, looked up, and found myself alone ! I staggered round, caught sight of my features livid in the mirror over the fire, and knew no more till hours later my servantsfound me stretched at full length upon the hearthrug, slowly recovering from a deep trance. Before doing anything else, I sent everyone away, and examined the bundle that still lay uponthe floor of my room. It proved to contain, as he had said, an iron gauntlet, but one of such enormous proportions that it was impossible to conceive a human hand gigantic enough to wear it. I remember that there was an unused cupboard in the wall behind the head of my own bed upstairs, where it might lie for ever in perfect safety. I tcended to my bed room, pulled out the bed, locked .the great gauntlet into the cupboard, and put the key on to my bunch. Time went on, and seasons passed away, till what I have recorded was fding from my memory, when on the same day of the year, seven years later, after a terrible day's work at the bedside of suffering, I reached my house after midnight, spent and weary. I gave the coachman instructions for the morning, and then, as he drove away, turned to open the door. Upon the steps, the light over the door faliing upon his ashy features, stood a man whom I instantly recognised. I stood where I was in silence. 'I have come,' he said quietly, ' for that gauntlet;' and I said nothing, but opened the door and led him, as I had done on the same last day of the year, seven years before, into my library. There stood the lamp as before it had stood, the clock pointed to the very hour and minute at which it had pointed before, and the interval of time seemed to have vanished at a stroke. ' To-night,' thought I as I rang the bell loud and long, ' to-night I will not be alone.' ' I will fetch it,' I said to the stranger, and going out, locked the study door behind me, and waited in the hall for my servant. Ina few moments he came hurryingup. ' Now' saidl, ' stay you at this door and see that the man I have locked in there does not come out.' I mounted to my bedroom and pulled out the bed from the wall, exposing the door of the eupboard. I took the candle and put it on the bed whereit would throw its light into the place when'opened, unlocked the door, and looked in. It was absolutely empty! With a cry I fled downstairs, and hardly knowing what I did, called on my servant as he valued his life not to let the man escape, turned the key, and burst into the library. There was no one there ! Shutters barred--door locked-lamp quietlyburning-the room- empty! ' You look ill, sir,' said my servant. 'Ay,' I answered, ' I am.' I left the house next day never to return. But one windy night, not long ago, driving past it, there, on the doorstep under the flickering light, I saw the stranger wrapped in his cloak. ' Ah, alth !' said I to myself, laughing, ' they will want another tenant there soon.' As we passed on down the street I lifted the flap behind me in the back .of the carriage to take another look at the figure under the lamp, and saw, flat against thce glass, close against my own, that terrible face white and fixed!" 