TREASURE OF FRANCHARD Robert Louis Stevenson. CHAPTER II. . MORNING TALK. 'Doctor,' lio would say— 'doctor is a foul word. It should not be used to ladiua. It ? I reniurk it, ma flow In our civilisation, that we have not the proper hor- , ror of disease. Now I, for my part, have washed niy hands of it; I hare renounced my lauruatfon; I am no doctor; I am only a worshiper of tbe true goddess Hygeia. Ah, ' believe we, it 1b shewho has tho ccstusl And here, in this exiguous hamlet, has she placed ner 60nue; uctb bob u we lis ana lavjimcs Her gifts; here I^nlktrlUi her in '.the early morning, and she shows mo how strong slio has inudethe jieasnnts, how fruitful slio line , niade thefleldK, how the trees grow up fail j and comely under her eyes, and the fishes in the river become clean anil agile in her pres- t ence. 'Rheumatism!' he would cry, ou some . malapert Interruption. 'Oh, yes, I believe we do have a little rheumatism. That could Vwwtty be- avoidedy you know, on a river. An3 of course the place stands a Uttle low; and the meadows are marshy, there's no doubt. But, niy dear sir, look at Bourron] Bourron stands high. Oourron is close to i the. forest; plenty of orono there, you would ' soy. Well, compared with Gretx, Bourron is a perfect shambles.' The morning nftor he had been summoned to tho dying mountebank the doctor visited thfi wharf at the toil of his garden and had along look at the running water. This he called prayer; but whether his adorations were addressed to tbe , goddess Hygeia or same more orthodox deity never plainly ap peared. For he had uttered doubtful oracles, sometimes declaring that a river was the 1 *£pe af bodily .health, sometimes extolling it 1 as tip great - moral preacher, continually I preaching peace, continuity and diligence to I iiinnTfi , tormented spirits. After he had I watched a mile or go of the clear water run- ' uing by before his eyes, seen a fish or two i come to the surface with a gleam of silver I and sufficiently admired the long shadows of I the trees falling half across the river from tbe opposite bank, with patches of moving 1 sunlight in between, he strolled once more up the gardon and through his house into the street, feeling coo) and renovated. The sound of bis feet upon tbe causeway 1 began the badness of tbe day; for the vil- j lege was still 6ound asleep. The church tower looked very airy in the sunlight; a few birds that turned about it seemed to swim in an atmosphere of more that wual rarity; and the doctor, walking in long, transparent shadows, filled hU lungs amply, and pro claimed himself well contented with tbe jOn opejof^be posts before Tentaillon's car* rlage entry lie espied a iittle dark figure perched in a meditative attitude, and imme diately recognised Jean-Katie. 'Aha!' be said, stopping before him hu morously, with a hand on either knee. 'So we rise early In the morning, do wef It ap pears tome that we have all the vices of a philosopher.' The boy got to his feet and made a grave salutation. 'And how is our patlnntf asked Desprez. It appeared the puticnt was about the 'And why do you rise early in the morn ing/' he pursued. Jean-Marie, after a long silence, professed ; that he hardly knew. 'You luu-dly knowf repeated Deapra. 1 'We hardly lenow anything, my man, until we try to learn. Interrogate your conscious ness. . Come, push me this inquiry home. Do you like itP 'Yes,' said theboyslowly; 'yes, I like it' 'And why do you like itf continued the doctor. '(\Ve are now pursuing the Socratdc method.) Why do you like itl' 'It is quiet,' answered Jean-Marie; 'and 1 have nothing to do; and then I feel as if I ware good.' Dr. Desprez took a seat on the post at tbe opposite side. He was beginning to take an interest in the talk, for the boy plainly thought before he spoke, and tried to answer truly. 'It appears you bave a taste for feel ing good,' said the doctor. 'How, there you: puule me extremely, for I thought you said! you were a thief; and the two are incom patible.' 'Is it very bad to stool?' askod)Jean-Uarie. 'Such is tho general opinion, little boy,' replied tbo doctor. 'No! but I mean as I stole,' exclaimed the other. 'For I had no choice. I think it is surely right to have bread; it must be right to have bread, there comes so plain a want of it. And then they beat me cruelly if I returned with uothing,' he added. 'I was not ignorant of right and wrong; for before that I had been well taught by a priest, who was very kind to me.' (The doc tor made a horrible grimace at the word 'priest.') 'But it seemed to me, when one had nothing to eat and was beaten, it was a different affair. I would not bave stolen for tartlets, I believe; but any one would steal for baker's bread.' 'And so I suppose,' said the doctor, with a rising sueer, .'you prayed God to forgive you, and explained the case to him at leugth.' 'Why, sirP' asked Jean-Marie. 'I do not 'Your priest would 6ce, however,' retorted Desprez. 'Would hef' asked the boy, troubled for tlie first time. 'I should have thought God would have known.' 'Ehl' snarled the doctor. 'I should bave thought God would bave understood me,' replied tho other. 'You do not, I see; but then it was Uod that made me think so, wasitiiutf' 'Little boy, littleboy,' said Dr. Deprez, 'I told you already you had the view? of philos ophy; if you display the virtue* al.-o, I must go. I aiu a student of the blessed laws of health, aii observer of plain and teiiij-ci'aio nature in her common walks; aud I cannot preserve my equanimity in presence of a monster. Do you understand?' 'No, mV,' said the boj\ 'I will make my meaning clear to you,'' replied tbe doctor. 'Look there at the sky— behind the belfry first, where it is so light, aud then up and up, turning your chin Iwick, right to the top of the dome, where it is -drundy as blue as at noou. Is not that a beautiful color f Docs it not please tbe heart? We have seen it all our lives, until it has growu in with our familiar thoughts. Now,' changing his tone, 'supjwse that sky to bo come suddenly of a live and fiery amber, like tbe color of clear coals, and growing scarlet toward tbe top— I do not say it would be any the less beautiful, but would vou like itiis well?' 'I suppose not,' answered Jean-Marie. 'Neither do I like you,' returned the doc tor, roughly. 'I bate all odd people, aud you am the most curious little boy in all the world.' Jcun-Marie seemed to ponder for awhile, ' wd t-hea Lo raised bis bead again lodged over at the doctor witb an air of candid in quiry. 'But are not yon a very curious gentle man P he asked. The doctor threw away his stick, bounded on the boy, clasjtod Jiliu Jo his bosom and kissed him on both cheeks. 'Admirable, admirable impl' ho cried. 'What a morning, what- an hour for a theo rist of -81 No,' he continued, apostrophizing heaven, 'I did not know that such boys ex isted; I -was ignorant tliey made them so; [ had doubted of my race; and now! It is like,' he added, picking up his stick, 'like a lovers* meeting. I have bruised my favorito Staff in that moment of enthusiasm. Tbe injury, however, Is not grave.' He caught tbe boy looking at him in obvious wonder, embarrassment and alarm. 'HuUol' said be, 'why do you look at me like that* Egad, I believe the boy despises me. Do you de spise me, boy?' 'Oh, no,' replied Jean-Marie, seriously; 'only I do not uuderetaml' ' 'You must excuse me, sir,' returned the doctor, with gravity; 'I am still eo young. Ob, bang him!' he added to himself. And be took his seat again and observed the l-oy sardonically, 'He has 6]-oiled the quiet of toy morning,' thought he, 'I shall be nerv ous all day, and have a febricule wheu I digest. Let me compose myecU. And so he dismissed his preoccupations by on effort of the will which he had long practiced. and let his soul roam abroad hi the contemplation of the morning. He inhaled the air, tasting it critically ax a connoisseur tastes a vintage, and prolonged the expiration with hygienic ' gusto. He counted the little flecks of cloud ftlengthe sky. He followed tbe movements of the birds round the church tower— making long sweeps, hanging poised, or turning airy somersaults in fancy, and beating the wind with imaginary pinions. And in this way he regained peace of mind and animal com posure, conscious of his limbs, conscious ot tbe sight of his eyes, oonscious that tho air had a cool taste, like a fruit, at the top of his throat; and at last, in complete abstraction, be began to sing. Tbe doctor had Lwit one air— 'Malbt-ouek s'en va-t-en guerre*,' even with that he was on terms of mere politeness; and his musical exploits were always re served for moments when be was alone and entirely happy. He was recalled to tbe earth rudely by a pained expression on the boy's face. 'What do you think of my singing?' he inquired, stopping in the middle of the note; and then, after be bad waited some little and re ceived no answer: 'What do you think of jny singing r* he repeated, imperiously. 'I do not like it,' faltered Jean-Marie. 'Oh, come!' cried tbe doctor. 'Possibly you are a performer yourself !' 'I sing better than that,' replied tbe boy. The doctor eyed him for some seconds in stupefaction. He was aware (hat he was angry, and blushed for himself in conse quence, which made him angrier. 'If this is how yon address your master P he said at last, with a shrug and a flourish of his arms. 'I do not speak to bim at all,' returned the boy. 'T do not like bim.' 'Then you like mef' snapped Dr. Desprez, with unusual eagerness. 'I do not know,1' answered Jean-Marie. The doctor rose. 'I shall wish you a good morning,' be said. 'You are too much for me. Perhaps you have blood in your veins, perhaps celestial ichor, or perhaps you cir culate nothing more gross than respfrable air; but of one thing I am inoxpugnably as sured—that you arc no human being. No boy'— shaking bis stick at him— 'you are not a human being. Write, write it in your memory— 'I am not a human being— I have do pretension to be a human being— I am a dive, a dream, an angel, an acrostic, an illu sion—what you please, but not a human being. ' And so accent my humble saluta tions and farewell I' And with that the doctor made off along the street in some emotion, and the boy stood, mentally gaping, where he left bim. CHAPTER IIL THX ADOPTION. Mme. Desprez, who answered to the Chris tian name of Anastasie, presented an agree able type of her sex; exceedingly wholesome to look upon, a stout brune, with cool smooth cheeks, steady, dark eyes and hands that neither art nor nature could improve. She was tbe sort of a person over whom adversity passes like a summer cloud; she might, in tbe worst of conjunctions, knit her brows into one vertical cujtow for a moment, but tbe next it would be gone. She had much of Uie placidity of a contented nun; with little of her piety, however; for Anastasie was of a very mundane nature, fond of oysters and old wine, and somewhat bold pleasantries, and devoted to her husband for her own sake rather than for his. She was iraperturbahly gook natured, but had no idea of self sacri fice. To'live in that pleasant old house, with a green garden behind and bright flowers about tbe window, to eat and drink of the best, to gossip with a neighbor for a quarter of an hour, sever to wear stays or a dress except when she went to Fontainebleau shop ping, to be kept in a continual supply of racy novels, end to be married to Dr. Desprez and have no ground of jealousy, filled the cup of her nature to the brim. Those who had known the doctor in bachelor days, when he had aired quite as many theories, but of a different order, attributed bis present philos ophy to the study of Anastasie. It was her brute enjoyment ttha-t he rationalized and perhaps vainly imitated. Mme. Deepres was an artist in the kitchen, and made coffee to a nioety. 6he had a knack of tidiness, with which she had infected tbe doctor; everything was in its {dace; every thing callable of polish shone gloriously; and dust was a thing banished from her empire. Aline, their single servant, had no other busi ness In tbe world but to scour and burnish. So Dr. Desprez lived in his house like a fatted calf, warmed and cosseted to bis heart's con tent The midday meal was excellent. There was a ripe melon, a fish from tbe river in a memorable Qearnaise sauce, a fat fowl in a fricassee, and a dish of asparagus, followed by some trait. The doctor drank half a bot tle plus one glass, the wife half a bottle minus tho same quantity, which was a marital privi lege, of an excellent Cote Rotie, seven years old. Then the coffee was brought, and a flask of Chartreuse for madamo, for the doc tor despised and distrusted such decoctions; and then Aline left the wedded pair to tbe pleasures of memory and digestion. 'It is a very fortunate circumstance, my cherished one,' observed tho doctor — 'this coffee is adorable— a very fortuuato circum stance on tho whole— Anastasie, I beseech you, go without that poison for today, only one day, end you will feel the benefit, I pledge my reputation.' 'What is this fortunate circumstance, my friend f' inquired Anastasie, not heeding bis protest, which was of daily recurrence. 'That we bave no children, my beautiful,' replied the doctor. 'I think of it more as tbo years go on, and with more and more gratitude toward the power that dispenses such afflictions. Your health, my darling, my studious quiet, our little kitchen deliea- , cies, how they would all have suffered, bow : they would all ha?e been sacrificed! And ' (or what; Children are the last word of human imperfection. Health flees before tjaeir face. Tbey crjs my dear; tbey pub avissticos^tkcy to to be cashed, to be educated, to have tbeir noses blown; and then, when tbe time comes, tbey break our hearts, as I break piece of sugar. ' A pair of professed egotists, like you and me, should avoid offspring like on infidelity.' 'Indeed!' said she, and she laughed. 'Now, that is lilce you — to take credit for the thing you could not help.' B'lly dear,' returned the doctor, so'^unnly, 'we might have adopted.' '''Never I? cried modame. 'Never, doctor, with my consent If the child were my own flesh and blood, I would not say no. But to take another ' person's indiscretion on iny shoulders, .my dear friend, I have too much . 'Precisely,' 'replied tiie doctor. 'Weboth had. And'Iam all the better pleased with ourwisdqmj because because'— He looked at'her sjialply. 'Because what?' the asked, with a faint premonition -of danger. . 'Because liave found the -right fierson,' said tiiej&ocbor.; firmly, 'and shall adopt him this afternoon.' Anastasie looked at bim out of a mist. 'You have ?J*t your reasou,' she said : /unl there was a 'clang in her voire that seemi-d to threaten trouble. 'Not so, niy dear,'* be replied; 'I retain its complete exercise. Totheproor: instead of attempting to clonk my inconsistency I bave, by waj' of preparing you, thrown it into fetroug relief. You will Oiotv. 1 think, recognize tbe philosopher who litis tbe ec stasy to call you wife. Tbo fnrl is, I bave been reckoning all this while without mi ac cident I never thought to lliul a son of my own. Now, last night I found one. Do not unnecessarily alarm yourself, my deur; be is not a drop of blood to me Hint I kn-»tv. Jt is his mind, darling, his mind tbnt cnlls me 'His mind!' she ri'ituated, with a titter between acorn and hyKterU-s. 'Hifi ui-u-l, indeed! Henri, is this an idiotic plenum ry, or are you mad? His miud! Aud what of my mindf 'Trnlj-,' replied the doctor, witb n Mini?, 'you have your linger on the hitch. He will be strikingly antipathetic t-- my iH-oiiiilnl Anastasie. 6he will never understand him; he will never understand her. Ymi iti'irriol tbe animal side of my nature, dear: mul it is on the spiritual bide tluit I Hud niy tifllnity for Jean-Marie. So much so, that, tol*- |»'i fectly frank, I stand in some awe of him my self. You will easily jrcrueive that 1 nm announcing a calamity for you. Do not,'* hi' broke out ia tones of real solicitude, 'do not give way to tears after a me;il, Annr,ta-U'. Vou will certainly give yourℓ' a false di gestion.' Anastasie controlled herself. 'You know how willing J am to huinor you.'' t,he said, 'in all reasonable matters. But on this 'My dear love,' interrupted the doctor, eager to prevent a refusal, 'who wir-bcd to leave Paris? Who mode me give up card*, and tbe opera, and tbe boulevard, nnd mv social relations, and all tbnt wop my life 1m fore I knew you! Have I been fnitiii'ulr Have I been obedient? Have I not Imruc my doom with cheerfulness? Iu all liom-sty, Anastasie, have I not a right ton -l i] ki)h- tion on my side? I have, and you know it, I stipulate my eon.' Anastasie was aware of defeat : «.ln' rimrk her colors infltatftly. 'You will Ijrmk my heart,' sbe sighed. 'Not in the leart,' snid he. 'You will fed a trifling inconvenience for a month, just as I did when I was tii-st biuii^lu to this vile hamlet: then your admirable sense and temper will prevail, and I pee von already as content n* ever, mul making your husband the hanpicKt of nwr..' 'You know I can refuse you nothing.' -lie cqjrf, trith ». last flicker of resibtuuee; 'noth- ing that will make you truly happier. But will this! Are y»u sure, my hiislutndf l^ist night, you say, you found him ! He may Im* the worst of humbug?;.' 'I think not,' replied tbe doctor. 'But do not supjiose me so unwary n* to adopt him outofband. I am, ! flatter myself, n lin ished man of the world : I linve had nil pos sibilities in view; my plan is eontriv.-d n- meet them all- 1 take the itid us stable boy. If be pilfer, if be grumble, if he doire to change, I shall see I was mistaken; I^iinll recognize bim for no son of mine, nnd send him tramping.'' 'You will never do so when the time comes,' raid his wife; 'I know your good heart.' She reached out. her hand t'- hiin, with n sigh; tbe doctor smiled ns Im took it and (ju - ried it to 1ii-- lijis; he bad gained his |-omt witb greater ease than bo had dared to 1io|h-; for perhaps tlw twentieth time he bad proved tbe efficacy of bia trusty argument, his Kx calibur, tho bint «f a return to Paris. Ki». months in the capital, for a man of the doc tor's antecedents and relations, implied no less a calamity than total ruin. Anu^tn-i«' had saved tbo remainder of his fortune liy keeping bim strictly in the country. Tin very name of Paris put her in a blue l'cni--. and she would have allowed her husband to keep a menagerie in tbe back garden, lei alone adopting a stable boy, rather than |»t uiit tbo question of return to lie dib^u.-Mii. About i of tbe afternoon the raountcluink rendered up his ghost; he had never ltcii conscious since his seimrc. Dr. Desprez w.-i« present at his last passage, and declared tin far cc over. Then he took Jean-Marie liy t In shoulder, and led him out into the inn gul den, where there was a convenient bench beside the river. Here he rat bim down uml made tbe boy place himself on his left. 'Jean-Marie,' be said very gravely. ??tlii- world is exceedingly vast, and even ? ? ? which is only a email corner of it, is a «mtt place for a littJo lad like you. Unr'ortuiiuu-ly it is full of eager, shouldering j-eup]i- moving on, and tbere ere very few bakers' t.ljo|-K lor bo many eaters. Your master ia dead: you are uot fit to gain a living by yourself: you do not wish to steal* 2so. Your sitnnvion. then, is undtfirable; it is, for the moment, critical. On the other bond, you lwlmld in me a man not old, though oldurly, still en joying tbe youth of the heart and the intel ligence; a man of instruction-, easily -i\nnied in tbis world'* affairs: keeping n g'toi) table: a man, neither ai friend nor host, to lH- de spised. I offer you your l'ood and cl'tln-*. and to teach you lt-N-oua iu the evening, which will bo infinitely mure i«» i.lw purjiosc for a lad of your uuimptban those uf u|| f h-» j »rie-ts* iu Europe. I promise no wages, but jf eivr you a thought to leave nic the door shall bco]-cu, and I will give you IU' francs to start thu world u]m»i. Iu return. 1 linve nji old horse and chaise, which y--u would very speedily lenrn to clc.in nnd lii-cj ? ? der. Do not hurry youoelf (u answer, mid take it or leave it ns you judge nriglit. - inly remember this, tliut 1 uni no M-niiineiitu Ut or charitable person, but u uumwlio livus rigorously to himself; and that if I make tlie proposal it is for my own ends— it is liee.-nise I I perceive clearly an advantage iu myj- oli. I And now reflect.' I 'I shall be very glad. 1 do not soewhai | else I can do. I tbank you, sir, iu-vt kindly, and 1 will try to be u»'iu).' haid the boy. 'Thrink you,' said the d-x'tor, warmly, ris ing at tho same time and wiping bis brow, for ho hod suffered agonies while the thing hung in tho wind. A refusal, nflcr the M-unn at uoon, would have placed bitu in a ridicu lous ligbt before Anastasie. 'How hot and heavy is tUe evening, to bo tsurc! I always hod a fancy to bo a fish in summer, ' Jean-Marie, here in tbo Loing beside Grctz. I should He uuder a water lily and listen to the bells, which must sound most delicately down below. That would be a life— do you sot think so, tool' 'Yes,' said Jean-Marie. 'Thank God, you have imagination !' cried tlie doctor, embracing the boy with his usual effusive warmth, though it was a proceeding that seemed to disconcert the sufferer almost as much as if he had been an English ncliool boy of tbe same age. 'And now,' he added, 'I will take yon to my wile,11 . Mme. Desprez sat in the dining room in a cool wrapper. All the blinds were down, and the tile floor bad beenrecefltlyjsprinkled with water; her eyes were half .shut, but she affected to be reading a novel as they en tered. Though she was a bustling woman, she enjoyed repose between whiles and had a remarkable appetite for deep. The doctor went through a solemn form of introduction, adding, for tbe benefit of both jiartJcs, 'You must try to like each other for my sake.' 'Ho is very pi*etty1'6aid Anastasie. ;'Will you kiss me, my prrtiy little Yellow!' The doctor was furious, and dragged her into tbe passage. 'Are you a fool, Anns t.isjuf1 lie said. 'What is all this I hear about t.he tact of women J Heavens knows, I have not met with it in my experience. Tou uddn-ss mv little philosopher as if he were an iiif.-mt. lie must lie s]-okcn to with more rc sjiect. 1 tell you: lie must not lie kis.-ted and Ueor^y-povgy'd like an ordinary child.' 'I only did it lo please you, I am sure,' replied AuustaAie; 'but I will try to do bet Thc doctor a)x-]ogized for his warmth. 'But I do wish hint,' he continued, 'to feel ut home iiinoiig us. And really your con duct was h» idiotie, my cherished one, and so utterly and distantly out of place, that a saint might luive l*»cu pardoned u little vcbe ni'ucc in disapproval. Do, do try— if it is ]Hi»ilile f«n- u woman to understand young people— hutof course it is not, and I waste my lnvntli. Hold yom- toiigue as much as |Hissi1-lc ut Icn-si, and observe my conduct niiiTouly: it will serve you for a model.' Auutaoic did its slie wns hidden, and con sidered lie- dix- tor's In-havier. She observed Hint he rinliruml tbe boy three times in the iiiiii-sooi the evening, and managed geiier nlh to eoiifoiind nnd ubush the little fellow mil ol sgaveh find appetite. But she had the tni' 'oiiKitily lii-roisui in little affairs. Not ..niy did she refrain from tbe cheap revenge ? if excising the doctor's errors to himself, lint six- diil her best to remove their ill effect oil .l'nn-Marie. When Desprez went out for liv- lu-t bivulh oi air Injure retiring for the night, she cunie uvn* the 1 toy's side and took bis hand. ??Yon ititi-r not l»e sin-prised nor frightened by my Inolinnd's manner*'.'1 she said. 'He i- the kin'l--st men, but so elever that ho is soiiH't lines difll' iilt to understand. You will soon grow ii— d to him, nnd then you will low him, for that noliody can help. As for uic, you may lie sure, I sli.ill try to make you happy, nnd will not bother vou at all. I ili ink mc -hould W cxecllcut friends, you and L 1 am nor clever, but I am very good uutiired. will you give men kiss r lie held ii]- his face, nud she took him in her arms and then bewail to cry. The woman U»d s\»oken in ci»iujihii--i\»K'e; but she had vmii iikiI to her own words, und tenderness followed. The iloetor. entering, found them i-ul.-i.'cd: lie concluded tluit his wife was in I'iinli: and lie ju--t beginning, in an mvl'ul voice. 'Aiiii.-1.imc,' when sbo looked . n ut liiui. smiling, uilhan Upraised linger; find lie held bia j-eui.v. uuuderiug, wLile 6ho led the l»oy lo his attic. l.'HA VTK.H IV. The in-liillati'ilt of tbe iiilnpled 5tllblo boy wax thu- happily ?- -t - *-1 . and the wheels ni lif ? mtinuol to Mill smoothly in the doc tuv's house. Jcnu-Marie did bin horse nud e.-irriiigc duty in the morning; sometimes '.cljH'd in the housework: sometime* walked -abroad with the doctor, t' drink wisdom li'om the fountain hcud: and wus introdim-d u1 night to the sciences and the dead tongues. He rcl.-iined his siiigulur placidity of mind .unl niiiuuer; h» «»- lan-lv in fuult; but he ininle only n pailjul progress iu his .-tinli.-s, nnd remained tuucb of u stranger in Tin- doctor was a pattern of regularity. All foi-i-iiooii be worked on bis great book, I lie 'Comparative Pliarniucujifpju, or His l . .ri- ? I Dielioiiury of all Medicines,' which a- vet eousiKied pl'iliulp'llly of slips of ]HI|»T and pin-. When flni-hed. it wan to till many |n-i'-oii;i|-lc volumes and to cnmhiuc anti «|ii.-iri;iti interest with professional utility, lint tin' doctor wns studioiib 'f literary graces ii in I 1 lie picturcM|ue; an anecdote, a touch of niniiiicrs, u moral qualification, or a sound epilhct was »mv t-- V plefwrefl Wforv a ? ? ? ? science: a little nioiv. und he would have written the 'I'omparative Pharuui ? -i i| i. --tn' in vi-r-c! The article '51 uiinuiu,' im- iu.-uinee, wu- already complete, though tiie remainder of Uiv woi U badint progressed I h'V i Mil I the Idler .\\. Ii wns exceedingly i'0|ii --ii- ami enteniiiiiiiig. wrilU'ii ivitii ? pin 1 1 1' iie-s and colnr. i-iin t. erudite, a lit enii * arlicle; but it would hurdly have af iorded guiil;ii|i'i- pi a practicing pliysiciuu of t . h 1 1 , 'i'lui fcminiiie goo.1 Pdine of bis wife Imi) i'-il ln-i- to point this out with uncom nro.nMii^ sin.i'i'ity: for the ilielionniy was diil;.' rcjiil nloiid to her. Ijctwixt »-li*'p and waking, as it proeimle,! inward an infinitely di«1.-.!it i-oinpletion : and the doctor was a lit tle ? ? ? 1 the Mibju't Of mummies, nnd some time- iv.-cutcil 'i» ullu-ioii with asjiei-ity. .i-r ih- midduy meal ninl a pr.iper pe riod 'I digestion be walked. Nimetiiiiesuloue, bonn-: iiiu-.s ui«iaup-uii--d bv Jean-5Uirie; for ! mu l. mic Mould have preferred auy hardship I nilln r ihnn walk. I She was, as I huvo said, a very busy por I son. t-iiutinually occupied about uiateriul | eillnl-'I'tn and ready to dmp asleep over a nm. 1 lln. ilikfnill -li' wa- disi-ngaged. Tin's w:^ the less object joiinM'', HS sho never Win n -iu- slept. -Jn the contrary, sho looked tbe very picture ot luxurious and uppetizilig euh.-, und wok' w it bout u rturt to t\ie jwrleet possebsjon of her foenlties. 1 am afraid sho was greatly mi uniinul, but sbe was&vory; uk-w uuimulto Iuvl- ulyui. Iu tbU wu^ she and little 'to do witb Jean-Marie; but tbe sympathy which bad Itecnestablishvl between ticju on the first ^uight remained unbroken. CTiey btsld occasional conversations, must 13* on household matters. To tbe extreme rtiap pointuient of the docloi , they occasionally salliiMl off togeiher to tbnt temple of dclwt ing suiwstit ion. the viUugccburch. Mudiuue and he, itoUi iu their Sunday's l-cst, drove twice a month to Fontninohjeau aud re turned laden iritli purcbaxes, aJid, in short, although tbe doctor still enntiuued to regard them as irreconcilably niitijiotlictic, their re lation was as Ultimate, friendly and confl deutiul as their nature* suffered. 1 fear, however, tbnt iuher heart or hearts, madume kindly despised and pitied the hoy. She had 110 admiration for liis class of vir tues; she liked a smart, polite, forward, roguish sort of boy, cap iu band, light of foot, meeting the eye: she liked volubility, charm, a little vice — the promise of a second Dr. Despivz, And it was her indefeasible belief thnt Jean-Morie wasdull. 'Poordear boy.' sho had said once, 'how sad it is that be should Ik- so stupid She had never re peated that remark, for tlie d-n-lnr had raged jikea wild bull, denouncing the bruta! hlunt ness of her mind, bemouulug his own fore to be so uinypiftHy mnte«l with an uss, and, what touched AiMfctasie more nearly, meuncing tbe table china l»v the fury of bis gcsticelrv tions. But she adhered silently to lier opin ion; nnd when Jenn-Mnrie was sitting, stolid, blank, but not unhapjiy, over his tmflni-lKHl tasks she would snatch lier opjuuTuuity in the d'M'torV n1»seli«-e. go over to him, put her arms aboul his neck. Jav her cheek to his, nnd coniniunieRte her sympathy with bis distress. 'Do not miiid,' she would soy; 'I. too, am not ut all clever, anil 1 can nssnro you that it mnkes no difference in life.' Tbe doctor's view was naturally different. Tliat gentleman never wearied of tbe sound of his own voire, which wns, to say the truth, agreeable enough to bear. Ik- now bad a listener, who was not so cynically indifferent a.s Anastasie, nnd who sometimes put bim on bisnietlleby tbe most relevant objections. Besides, wns he not educating the boy? And education, philosophers hit agreed* is the mo-l philosophical ot duties. What can be more heavenly to poor mntikind than to have one's bobby grow into n duty to the stater Then, indeed, do the wnys of life bocjnie ways of pleasantness. »v«- bad tbe doctor »*en reason to l-e more content with bis en dowments. Philosophy fluwed smoothly from bi» J ijis. He was so agile a dialectician Uiat be could truce Uu uou-sutisc, wUch chiil!o»sed , buck to some root in hense, aud prove it to be & sort of tlower upon his system. He slipped out of antinomies like a fish, and left bis dis ciple marveling at the rubbfs depth. Moreover, deep down iu bis heart tbo doc tor was disappointed with thu ill success of his more formul education. A boy, chosen by so acute an observer for bis aptitude, nnd glided along tbe pnth of learning by so phil osophic an inrtructor, wns bound, by tbe uutiire of the universe, to make a more obvi jus and lading advance. Now Jean-Mario wns slow iu nil thing-, impenetrable in others; nnd bis jmwer of forgetting was fully ju a level witb his ]-owpr to li-.irn. Therefore, the dor-tor clierisbisl his iH-ripntetic lectures, to which tbe boy attended, which he gener ally np|K»ared to enjoy, und by which be lflcii pi-ofited. Many and many were tbe talks they had together: and benllh and moderation proved tlie subject of the docti ir's divagations. To these he lovingly returned. '1 lead you,'' he would say, 'by tbe green pa.-lures. My system, my beliefs, my inedi mit-n. are roumed in one phrnse — to avoid jxiv-s. Blessed nuture, healthy, temperute uatuiv, abhors nnd exterminates excess Hu man law, in t.Uis miitU-v. imitates &1 n great Jislanee her p^ovi'^io|l^: and we inu-t strive to supplement the elfoils of tin* law. Yes, boy, we must lien law tv onri»elvos nnd for mr neighbors — lex arninta— armed, em plintic, tyrannous law. If you see a crapu lous humnii ruin snullbig. du.-b bim from his bus! The judge, though iti a way an admis sion of disease, is less oflVnsive to me th.111 jitli-.-r tbe doctor or tbe priest. Above all the doctor — tbe doctor and tbe purulent trash und gnrlmge ot' bis phunnoco)-ii'iu; Pure sir— from the ueigbliorhood of a pinetum for the sake of the tm-pentiijo— un- idulterated « Lin1, nnd tbercile--lioniiof an un sophisticated spirit iu the presence of tlie works of nntiire — these, my boy, are the liest niedical npplimices and tbe best religious .-oinfoi-ts. Devote youself to these. Jbirk! there are the bells of Bourron (tbe u ind is in tho north, it will be faiH. How clew and iirv is tbe sound ! Tbe nerves urc linmiou iznl and iiuh-ted; the mind nttuned tonileuee; mil oliH-i've how easily and regularly l-enl-s the In-art ! Yuur unenlightened doctor wonid 5ii_- nothing in these sensutious; ami yot you j ourself jierceive tliev are a part of health. Uid you remendwr ynur eiu' Untm tliis morn ing? f»ixnl. (^inchoua also is a work of 11a lure; it is. nft'i- all. only the bark of n trcc wbieh «e might gather frn- ourselves if we liv--d in tin- locality. IVhnl a world is (hi-! Though a proteased utliei.-t, 1 delight to Ih-u r iny testimony tn tbe world. Look at the gratuitous remedies nnd pleiiMires that sur round our path: Tho river runs by the gar it-n end, our bath, our tt-h jt ui« I , our natural system of drainage. There is n well ju tbe ;-onrt which sends up sparkling water from Lbc earth's very heart, clean, cool and wilh a little wine most wholesome. The dir. Lrict is notorious for its salubrity; rbrujiin 'i-mistbe only prevalent complnint, and 1 nij^elf have never had a touch of it. 1 tell ynu—and my opinion is Imscd U|W)n the -*o|d- ;st, «-lean- st proeesws of reason— if I, if you, dcsii'id to leave this home of pleasures it would bo the duty, it would lie tlie privilege, 3f our Ijcut friend to prevent us witb a pistol bullet.' One lienutiful .Tune day tbey sat upon tlie lii 1 1 outside the village. Tbe river, us blue as heaven, shorn- llcrc and there 11 lining tbe foli age. Tbo indclat igable birds turned and flickered. uWut UreCr, ebureh towev. A healthy wind blew from over the forest, and the sound of innumerable thoii-ands of tree tups and innumerable million., on millions of green leaves was abroad in the air, au.l filled the ear with something lietwcen whispered sjwech and singing. It seemed a.-, if every blade of grass must bide u cigale; and the fields rang iiieirily with their nni-ic. jingling i far and near, as with the sleigh bells of thu 1 fairy queen. 1'rotn tbeir station on the sIojh* Uic rye embniced a large epa'-'' of poplaryl plain upon tbe one baud, ibe waving bill top- of the f- ir»-«*t on th«- utlier, and ttrctz iU self iu tbe middle, a luunlt'iil of roof-. J.'nder tbe lM'*triditig ni-ch ol' tbe blue heaven-, the platv M-emed -b\ iniUeil to tl 1o\'. It seenntl ilicre-l]blc that ]-eop]c -hve]le-l, and could tind room to turn or air to bn-nthe, in such n cor ucr of the world. The thought cjntc bomo to tho boy, iierbajis l'oi- tbe lirst time, and be guveit words. 'liowbiiiall it looks!' he sjglicd. 'Ay,' replied tbe doctor, 'small enough now. Yet it was once n walled city; thriv ing, full of furred biirge.sses und men in ni - mor, bumming with atl'nirs — M4tb toll spires, for nught I know, and portly i-n\\( rs along tbo battlement. A thousand chim neys ceased smoking at the curfew Ih.11. There wrc gibbets at the gate as thick ns scarecrows,. Jn timo of war, thu assault swanued against it with laddei», tbo avvowsi I fell like leaves, thu defenders sallied In n Iv I over tbe drawbridge, cacb side uttered its 1 cry as they plied their weajious. Do you fcnow&at; the walls extended as faros ihe ?Comnmodorie! Tradition soreimrts. Alos, what a long way off is all this confusion— nothing left of it but my quiet words spoken in your ear— and tho town itself shrunk to the bamlet underneath us! Byuud by came tbe English wars — you shall hear more of the English, a stupid people, who Konictira™ blundered into good — and Grctz was token, sacked and burned. It is the liis-tory of many towns; but Uretz never aroso aguiu;.it was uevcr rebuilt; its ruins wore a qnarryto serve the growth of rivals; and the stones of Grets are now erect along the street* ol Ne mours. It gratifies me that our old house was tho first to rise after tbe calamity; wbun tbe town had come to an end, it Inaugurated 'I, too, ain glad of that,' said Jean-Marie. 'It should bo the temple of tho humbler virtues,' resjKJiitled the doctor, with a savory gusto. 'Pcrhajis one of the reasons why I love my littlo hamlet as I do, is that we bnvc a similar history, she and L Have I told you that I whs once richf 'I do not think 60,' answered Jean- Marie. '1 do not think I should have forgotten. I am sorry you should have lost your fortune.' ? 'Sorry?' cried tbe doctor. 'Why, 1 find I bevc scarce beguu your education after all. Listen tome! Would you rather live in the old Gretz or iu the neiv, tree from the alarms of war, with the green country at tbo door, without noise, passports, tbe exactions of the soldiery, or the jonglu of tbe curfew bell to send us off to bed by sundowu 'I suppose I should prefer tbe new,' re plied tbe boy. i 'Precisely,' returned the doctor. 'So do *L And, in tbe nnie way, I prefer mv 'present moderate lortiuio to my former wealth. Golden mediocrity! cried tho adora ble ancients; aud I subscribe to tbeir enthu siasm. Have I not good wine, good food, good air, tlie fields and tho forest for my walk, a house, an adinimblu wife, a lioy whom I protest 1 cherish like a son 1 Now, i f I were still rich, I should indubitably make my residence in Paris — you know Pat-is— Paris and |»aradise are not convertible terms. This pleasant noise of tbo wind 6trcomiug among leaves changed into tbe grinding babel of tbe street, tbe stupid glare of plaster substituted for this quiet pattern of greens nnd grays, the nerves shattered, the diges tion falsified— picture tho falll Already you toerceive the consequences; the mind is stimu lated, the heart steps to a different measure, and the man is himself no longer. I have passionately studied myself—^ tho true busi ness of philosophy. I know my character ns the musician knows the ventages of his ttute. Should I return to Paris I should ruin mr kelf gambling; nay, I go further— I sbouid break tbe heart of my Anastasie witb infi delities.' ; This was too much for Jean-Marie. That a place should so transform the most excel lent of meu transcended his belief. Pari-, he protested, was even an agreeable place of residence. 'Nor when I lived in that city did I feel much difference,' he pleaded. ' 'What!' cried the doctor. 'Did you not steal when you were there?' : But the boy could never be brought to see that he had done anything wrong wbcu lie etole. Nor, indeed, did the doctor think bo had; but that gentleman was never very scrupulous when in want of a retort, i 'And now,' he concluded, ''do you begin to understand 1 My only friends wore those who ruined mo, Gretz has bocn iny acad emy, my sanatorium, my heaven of innocont pleasures. If millions are offered mo I wnve them back: Ketro, Sathanas! Evil 0110 be gone I Fix your mind on my example; de spise riches, avoid tbe debasing influence of cities. Hygiene— hygiene and mediocrity of fortune— those be your watchwords during life!' The doctor's system of hygiene strikingly coincided witb his tastes; and his picture of a perfect life was a faithful description of the one be wns leading at tbo time. But it is easy to convince a boy, whom you supplv with all the facts for tbe discussion. Anil besides tbere was one thing admirable in th* philosophy, and that was the enthusiasm of the philosopher. There was never any ono more vigorously determined to be pleased; and if he was not a great logician, and so had no right to convince the intellect, lie was certainly something of a i-oet, nnd hud a fascination to seduce the heart. What be could not achieve in his customary humor of a radiant admiration of himself and bis cir cumstances, he sometime* effected in his fits of gloom. 'Boy,' hp would say, 'avoid me tcxlay. If 1 were superstitious. I should even l»eg for an interest in your prayers. I am in the black fit; tbe evil ppiritof King (Saul, the hug of tbe merchant Abtidnh, tbe personal devil of the medieval monk, is with me— is ju me,' tapping on his breast. 'Tbe vices of my na ture ereuow upi-ermost; iunoeent pleasures woo me in vain; I long for Paris, for my wallowing in the mire. S^v' he eonl inn.-!, producing a handful of silver, 'I denunn myself, I ani not to lie trusted with the prico of a fare. Take it, keep it for me, s-pjinul-T it on deleterious enndy, throw it in the deep. Savo me from that part of myself which I disown. If you see me falter, do not hei tate; if necessary, wreek the train! I s]v\ik, of course, by a parable. Any extremity wvru better than for me to reach I'juis alive.' Doubtless the do-tor enjoyed thesn little ?cones, as a variation ft 1 his part; tiny repre eented tbo Bvronic element iu tbe soncwhat artificial jioeiry of bis existence; bnt to the l»oy, though he was dimly aware of their theatricality, they represented more. Tho doctor made perhups too little, the l«oy jh--. sibly too much, of the reality aud gravity of these temptations One day agreat ligbt shone for Jean- Marie. 'Could not riches lie used well.''' be asked. 'In theoi-y, yes.' n^lied tlicdocior. 'But it is found iu ex]-criciice that 110 one does so. All tho world imagine tbey will bo except tioua.1 when thoy grow -weuHhy. but poss. 1 siou is deba-ing. new desires spring up; ttnd the silly taste for ostentation eat.s out tbo heart of pleasure.' 'Then you might Ih- lietter if you bad !?»?«,' said the boy. 'Certainly not,' replied tbe doctor; but his voice quavered hp he spoke. 'Why;'' demanded pitiless innocence. Dr. Desprez nuw all the colors of tbo rain bow In a moment: the stublo universe ap peared to be altout capsizing with bim. 'Jle- cause,' said he— affecting deliberation after an obvious pause— 'because I bave formed my life for my present income. It i- not good for men of my years to lx- violently dissevered from their habits.' That wns a sharp brush. Tbe doctor breathed hard, ninl fell into taciturnity for tbe afternoon. As for the bov, he was de* lighted wilh tho resolution of his doubts; oven wondered thnt be had not foreseen tbo obvious and conclusive answer. ]ijs faith iu the doctor was a stout piece of goods. Desprez was inclined to bn a sheet in ihu wind's eyo after dinner, especially after Rhine wine, bis favorite weakness. Ho would then remark on tie wnrmth of his feeling for Anastasie, and with iuflumed cheeks aud a loose, flustered smile, debate upon all wirls of topics, nnd bo feebly and indiscreetly witty. But the adopted stable boy would uot permit himself 10 entertain a doubt tbat Kivored of ingratitude. It is quite true that u man may be a second lather to you, and yet take too much to driuk; buj ' Will yov kiss ni r, my pretty littU felU»rfn best natures are ever slew le acct.Fi (ru'.t troths. The doctor thoroughly possessed his heart, but perhaps he exaggerated his Influence over his mind. Certainly Jcan-Marle adopted some of his master's opinions, but I have yet to learn that he ever surrendered one of his own. Convictions existed iuliim by divine right; they were virgin, uu wrpaght, tbe brute metal of decision. Ho could add others Indeed, but ho could not put away; neither did he care if ihcy were pur fectly agreed among themselves; and his spiritual pleasures had nothing to do with turning them over or, Justifying them in words. 'Words were with him a mere accom plishment, like dancing. When he was by himself, his pleasures were almost vegetable. He would slip into tbe woods toward A chores and sit in the mouth of a cave among gray birches. His soul stared straight out of his eyes; he did not move or think, sunlight, thin shadows moving ]n tbe wind, tho edgo of firs against the sky, occupiod and bound his faculties. Ho was pure unity, a spirit wholly abstracted. A single mood MJed Win, to which all the objects of «oncn contributed, as tbe colors of tbo Bpftcf.wiTn merge and dis appear fn white light 8o while the doctor made himself drunk witb words, the adopted Etable boy bemusod himself with silence. I ? ' CHAPTER V. TREABCRE trove. Tbe doctor's carriage was s two wheeled gig with a hood, a kind of vehicle in much favor amoug country doctors. On how many roads has not one 6cen it, a great way off be tween the poplars— in how many villago streets, tied to a gate post! This sort of chariot is affected, particularly at the trot, by a kind of pitching movement to and fro across the axle, which well entitles it to the Kyle of a Noddy. Tlie hood describes a con siderable arc against; the landscape, with a solemnly absurd effect on the contemplative pedestrian. To ride in such a carriage can not be numbered among the things that ap pertain to glory ; but I have no doubt it may be useful in liver complaint. Thence, per haps, its wide popularity among physicians. One morning early, Jean-Marie led forth the doctor's noddy, opened the gate and mounted to the driving seat Tho doctor followed, arrayed from top to toe in spotless linen, armed wjtb iin immense flesh colored umbrella, and girt with a botanical case on a baldric; and the equipage drove off smartly In a brees» of its own provocation. They were bound for Francbard, to collect plants, with an eye to tbe 'Comparative Pharma A little rattling on the open roods, and j they came to tbo borders of the forest and j struck into iui unfrequented trurk; tbe noddy 1 yawed softly over liio sand, with au accom paniment of mapping twigs. There was a great, green, softly murmuring cloud of con gregated foliage overhead. In tbe arcades of the forest tlie air retained the freshness of tbo night. The athletic hearing of the trees, each carrying its leafy mountain, pleased tlie znind like so manf statues and the liues of tbo trunk led tho eye admiring!}- upward to where the extreme leaves sparkled in a patch of azure. Squirrels leajied in mid air. It was a proper spot for a devotee of tho god dess Hygeia. 'Have yon been to Fran chord, Jean Marie?' inquired the doctor. '1 fancy uot' 'Never,' replied the boy. 'It is a ruin in a gorpe,' continued Des prez, adopting liis expository voice; 'the ruin of a hermitage and chapel. History lolls us much of Fr/uchard; how the recluse was often slain by robbers; bow be lived nn a most insufficient diet; how be was expected to pass his days in prayer. A letter is pre served, addressed to one of these solitaires by tho superior of his order, full of admira ble hygienic advice; bidding go from his book to praying, asd so back again, for va riefcy,s sake, and when he was weary of both to stroll about his garden and observe the honey bees. It is to this day my own sys tem. You must often have remarked me leaving the 4 'Fha^macop0Bia,,— often even in the middle of a phrase— to come forth in the sun and air. I admire the writer of that letter from my heart; he was a nmu of thought on the most important subjects. But, indeed, had I lived in the Middle Ages (I am heartily glad that 1 did not) I should bave been an eremite myself— if I had not boen a professed buffoon, that is. These were the only philosophical lives yet open: laughter or prayer; sneers, we might hay, and tears. Until tbe sun of the Positive arose, the wise man had to mako his choice between these two.' 'I have been a buffoon, of course,' ob served Jean-Marie. 'X cannot imagine you to have excelled in your profession,'* sold the doctor, admiring tbe boy's gravity. ''Do you ever laugh f' 'Oh, yes,' replied the other. '1 laugh often. I am very fond of jokes.' 'Singular being!' said Desprez. 'But I divagate (I perceive a thousand ways that 1 grow old), Fran chard was at length de stroyed in the English wars, the satuo thnt , leveled Grctz. But— here is the point— tho hermits (for there were already more than one) had foreseen the danger and carcfully concealed the sacrificial vessels. These vts eels were of monstrous value, Jean-Marie— monstrous value— priceless, we may say; ex quisitely worked, of exquisite material. And now, mark me, they have never been found. In tbe reign of Louis Quatorze some fellows were digging hard by the ruins. Suddenly— tock! — tho apado bit upon an obstacle. Imagine the men looking one to another; imagine bow their hearts bounded, how their color came and went. It was a coffer, and, in Francbard, the place of buried treasure! Tbey tore it open like famished beasts. Alas! it was uot the treasure; only some priestly r,obes, which, at the touch of tho eating air, fell upon themselves and instant! v w/tKtarf in. to dust The perspiration of these good fel lows turned cold upon them, Jean- Marie. I will pledge my reputation, if there was any thing like a cutting wind, one or other hod a pneumonia for bis trouble. 'I should like to have seen them turning into dost,' said Jean-Marie. 'Otherwise I should not have cared so greatly.' ''You have no imagination,' cried tho doc tor. 'Picture to yourself the scene. Dwell on the idea— a great treasure lying in the earth for centurics; the material for a giddy, copious, opulent existence cot employed dresses and exquisite pictures unseen; tho swiftest galloping horses not stirring a hoof, arrested bya spell; -women with the beautiful faculty of smiles, not smiling; cards, dice, opera singing, orchestras, castles, l-cautifui parks and gardens, big ships with a tower of Bail cloth, all lying unborn in a coffin— and tbe stupid troes growing overhead in tbe sun Kgbt, year after year. The thought drives one frantic.' 'It is only money,' replied Jean-Maria 'It would do harm.' «'Oh, come!' cried Desprez, 'that is philoso phy; it is all very fine, but not to the point fust now. And, besides, it is not 'only money,' as you call it; there are works of art In the question; the vessels were carved. You Ipeak like a child. You weary me exceed ingly, quoting my words out of all logical Connection, like a paroquet' at any rate, we have nothing to do ?rith it,' returned tbe boy submissively Tbey struck the Route Ronde nt that mo ment; and the sudden change to tho rattling causeway combined, witfithe doctor's irrita tlon, to keep him silent. The noddy jigged along; the trees went by, looking on silently, as if they bad something on their minds. The Quadrilateral was passed ; then came Fran chard. Tbey put up the horse at the littlo solitary inn and went forth strolling. The gorge was dyed deeply with heather; tho rocks and birches standing luminous in the sun. A great humming of boes about tho flowers disposed Jean-Marie to 6lccp, and he sat down against' a clump of heather, whilu the doctor went briskly to and fro, witb quick turns, culling liis simples. ( To be continued n*xt Saturday. ) 