KADINA, WEDOT8DX'Y>0^rbBTIR sS. 1889; " Wobth XhoWi^.^TIw fot .sake and .coi^ihin'bileV'^ill be of? interest to! oar rewtltHTurpifitia* j»nd ult,mixed to the 4»neiat&Boa;'of-parte implied .« » poultice-, to. worpion, mto|)«h ;pr Other poitonoat: fci tes i« *n itttUn Unoo twcurr. , > A Staxb Bastx.-Mr Adam*. who was etfcFertued to deliver fau leotnre on a, State JBuk in the Council Chamber," Sadnii on Monday .veiling Jut, arranged to postpone Urdelirery Jac ii time in eooiwjaeoa# ©>lhe poor attendance. We hope the next time Mr Adam* visit* to Eadiaa he will be better appreciated. A. WAHNING.-On Monday morning. October 28, Mr D. Thoiua«, of Bald Hills, while removing some.ii inker, was bitten by a scorpion on the right' hand. His band swelled up and became completely paralysed. He it once consulted Dr. Bobiaaoo, under whose care he ia now progressing favorably. THH PEPE TBACK.-Mr A. YFrance, Mayor of Kadina, kindly informs tis that he has re ceived' a commumra ion from the officers in charge .of the Beetaloo pipe tract, intimating that several good "hammer and drill men could find ready employment at remunerative wages oh the pipe fira'ck between Paskeville and Moonta. NOTICE.-" Havelock" Tobacco has already won for itself a name. Its introduction at the Moonta and Maitland Shows has been immediately attended with the best results. That the Kadina public may know where to procure it, we, by permission, publish the following addresser:-Fred Hancock, hair dresser ; T. M. Rendell, grocer; N. Rosewarne, grocer; E. Truscott, grocer; M. Harris, grocer Jos. Cook, grocer; Mrs Evans, chemist; W.Telfer, chemist. THE WEATHER AND THE CROPS.-Daring the past few-days. the. weather has been all that could be desired for the wheat crop, whioh is really looking splendid all over the district. The rust which alarmingly developed itself on Thursday and Friday last has received a check, and the opinion of the majority of those interested is that the Penio f^ila crops so far have not Buffered from the appearance of this disease, and a continuance of the present seasonable weather (or a few . dajM will place the majority of the crops oat of danger. Strange to say, the Steinweddel wed introduced on the Peninsula this year does not seem ; to be susceptible to this fanners' scourge, as in the few crops we -hare inspeoted not a spec of rust can be seen. WAli'ETT's Cibcps.-This company arrived in Kadina on Friday afternoon last, pitched their tear, and prepared for a big night on Saturday, but -unfortunately the weather was against tbem.,, Howetrr, they opened on Monday evening, under more favourable cir cumstances, to a large and appreciative audience. The entertainment, which is one of the best of its kind we haye te«n on the Peninsula for a very long time both as regards the .acrobatic and other feats, agreeably disappointed the majority of those present, as the acting of the Murdock brothers, Mr King, andjthe Wallett family, .was really of a high order. It is the .intention of the com pany, we understand, torisit the Peninsula again in a short time. JUBILEE oy METHODISM.-Arrangements are being made for the celebration of the third jubilee of Methodism in connection with the anniversary of the Wesleyan Church at Kadina. Last Sunday evening the Rev. J. B. Stephenson during the service referred to ~tbe "circumstance, that it is 150 years sinee-the formation of-iha Methpdiflt Societies. The Ceotenary of Methodism was celebrated on October 25tb, fitty years ago. ^ He invited the Methodists of the district to uuite in the pnblio engagements on the 11th inst, that, he- Btated, ,Trptfld be duly announced. We hear that theseare to consist of a great camp meeting in .the Exhibition.Grounds, a proces sion-being- previoosly formed and marching to the ground, where a tea meeting will be held in the Exhibition building, anda publio meeting in the ohuroh. Special sermons will be preaohed on the previous day by the Bev. fi. S. Casley. In the afternoon a Flower and Song service will be conducted by the pastor of the church. One feature of interest in the eervioes will be the singing of some of Wesley's -hymns to old-fashioned Methodist tunes. " COOLING STOBBS AND CABS ON oub RAIL WAYS.-Not a day jpaises during the summer months but the .need Is felt for cooling oars on our railways, as also receiving rooms. Bat still nothing has been done. In Victoria it is somewhat different. We observe from a report in the Argus that the Victorian Rail way department has had 25 cooling stores for the receipt of perishable dairy produce con structed at various centres throughout the country, and about 12 more are rapidly approaching completion. Some of them are built of terra cotta bricks, and others of double wooden walls, with the intervening space filled with charcoal. It is probable that tenders will shortly be let for the con struction of about 20 additional stores of the same description. It is intended to erect a terminal shed at Spenoer street station, to be j kept cool by artificial means, but at present the matter is at a standstill, pending a report j on the whole subject of cool storage and I carriage being prepared by Mr Speight, based on his observations in the United States dur- | ing bit recent trip through that country. It | is considered that very few, if any, ot the I proposed refrigerating cars for the oarriage of butter, eggs, cheese, to,, will be built in time to be running on the railway lines this year. I The department has, however, at the present | time, 17 oars specially constructed for keeping out the beat and doubly lined, running on { tbe "various lines, ana they have been found to answer the purpose for which they were designed, though of course the refrigerating j cars would be much cooler. Of course wo 1 cannot have expensive building* at every railway station, but there i» no reason why ' we should not have something of the kind at ! convenient centres. At "Wallaroo, for in '. stance, then is not a covering of any kind for j : goods carried on the locomotive line. It may be that something is intended in connection j with the contemplated, alteration of tbe lines between Wallaroo and Moonta, .and surely it I , Is time the Government made their intentions known on that subject. . WijjiABOoIjiTBEAETSoorsTT--Theladies' j eyenibg at. the Wallaroo Literary Society on Monday, 28th Ootober, was one of the most ; .ucoessful ever yet. held by the soaietj. Mrs : Farner-Taylor occupied the chair, and there : were 40 members and visitors .present. The sub-committee appointed to confer with the i, Institute as to the affiliation of tbe society with the Institute, reported that .they had been unable to get the Institute Committee to agree to the proposed .affiliation, but that the eom : mittee had proposed to let the society ljsase a suitable room for their meetings during the | present quarter for the bare aotual coat of lighting, &o.; This offer wa» acoeptsd. Tbe pro gramme of the evening consisted of-instru mental aolo, Miss Barton.'; song, " The song that reaohed my heart,7' Miss Coltman ; Duet, Misses Bowman and ColtmaQ " List to ' ;the Convent Bells." During the evening three papers written by fedj members of tbe society were read, by Mrs Taylor and were all favor ably criticised. Ttie first.was pp "Music" the second on " Gentlemen and their . manners'' and the third on "Sir Walter fioott" the latter being very good indeed and giving tt lot of information on Scott and his works in aamail jpompass. ' The business for : the next meeting was announced to be a dramatic evening, when the greater portion of : Goldsmith'* "She stoops to conquer" will be given. The characters to be taken by Mrs Furner^payio£, Misses GoUman and Furneri antf Messrs STiggm j, Seats, Phiiifpi, ^r.f Ponder, T. Davies, jr.-, and JV!E. £»tb. THE Cbmeteby BOAD. - One or two members of theEa<^ua_ District Counoil have displayed an activity ia their opposition to the repair of Hhe cemetery road, which is worthy pf a better cause. The question hag assumed several phrases,' eaoh in its turn be coming more peculiar. In-the first instance, the Wallaroo Corporation sought to fence in (their park lands, and ingoing so, deoided to 'have the road on the south pf the cemetery opened. There was a local storm in a tea' pot raised by one or two looal persona who < ; were interested, but that soon subsided. Subsequently tbe Xfidina District Counpil were asked to repair the road, when one or two councillors stirred "up by a prominent Moonta resident, who has since entered the Council, opposed "the carrying out of "the work. The Wallaroo ratepayers naturally felt that as they were "only Masking for the expenditure of their own rates, the work should be done. But those at a distance knew their business better than they did themselves. The. feeling tbns raised had a ^considerable influence on the elections, and ^eincQ then FCraILoapb, Marshall, and Wilkin |Son havepreBenleda solid'front on the sub* ject. iTh'b first* moVe was to get a petition signed by.ia number -ofperaons in JKadina, opposing . the^ openin^' jof .the road. " ' But although this petition wWs decidedly fanny, it was completely outstripped fay one presented .byCr "Marslial 1 on Monday, from ratepayers chiefly residents of Moonta, who, Although they were, obliging .enough to assist Cr Marshall in hie work, will, we feel sure, be surprised when they read the memorial over carefully. It is ias follows :-" We the under signed, residents ot the Hundred of Wallaroo jrish to call your attention to a grievance which exists in this district, and which we I respectfully a<k y<iu to remedy as far -s passible. Ever since (he Peninsula was fn?t settled, there baa been a direct line of road from Wallaroo to Moonta. For some yenrs this road was on the Schedule of Main Ro»r s In the Road Act of 1865, it is provided that the main road shall go from Adelaide to Wallaroo and Moonta, showing that the Parliament intended there should a continu ous road from the city to Moonta via Walla roo. Whilst the road was on the schedule, the Peninsula Road Board metalled most of it from Moonta to Wallaroo and it is now metalled tip to the Corporation boundary at south side of sections 345 and 346. Recently, however, the Corporation of Wallaroo has seen fit to fence in that piec" of land between the park lands and the said sections 345 and 346, which causes, a great inconvenience to the travelling public, and renders useless 20 chains of metalled road between the said sections made by Q-overnment money voted to the Peninsula Road Board. This action of the Corporation causes travellers an un necessary and vexatious detour, nearly a mile extra travelling over a rough district road un made. There ib at present no direct outlet or inlet between the residents of the Hundred on the Moonta side, and as the Wallaroo jetty is the principal seaport of this district, we respectfully ask you to take such steps as you think necessary to secure us direot aocess to the seaport. We are informed that the motive of the Corporation in diverting the traffic wai to get a road metalled to their cemetery, but we think a wlioJe district should not be inconvenienced for such a purpose. We also respectfully point oat that the pieee of land outside of the park lands does rot belong to the Corporation, and they have no right to fence it in. On the map supplied to the Peninsula Land Board it is marked as a piece of land that the Board may deal with. We respectfully suggest that jou request the Surveyor-General to continue the road from sections 345 and 346 to the park lands boundary, and that the Corporation be requested to remove the fence at present obstructing the access to the seaport." We are yours respectfully,-J. H. Bennett, E. Whitford, J. Beagleliole, N. Bennett, J. H. Lawry, J. Williams, S. Hill, , J. Herbert, E. Hague, W. Thurston, F. Michell, A. Fischer, L. F. Rioharde, E. C. Harris, T. M. Warn, J. Frisk, J. Rapson, J. Wooo per R. Woon, A. J. Admore, G. T. Crutchett, C. Khunst, D. Buzza, Fenhall, Robeits & Co., per J. H. Thomas, J. Coch, J. Jeffrey, A. Gieaecke, W. -R. George, L. C. Bertram, W. Moore, T. Giles, J. Kerrison, W. Trenberth, and J. Evans. If the memorialists will rieit the road they will find that the detour is not nearly so serious as it has been pictured by the energetic councillors who have displayed suoh vagaries on the subjeot. Ratepayers in a district may hare a perfect right to express opinions on questions of general interest, but if the people of Wallaroo were to dictate to those of Moonta on *he management of their park lands, the probability is that they would be told to mind their own business, and very properly too. Wallaroo has thought proper to inolose the park lands, and to put the traffio on the only surveyed road leading from Moonta to the southern boundary of the town. The inconvenience exists chiefly in the heated imaginations of the three councillors named, who would be more profitably employed in attending to the business of cheir respective wards, instead of interfering with matters which do not directly eonoern them. FBIBNDIY SOCIETIES CHUBCH PABADE AT MOONTA.-A church parade of the various Friendly Societies took place on Sunday last, when between three and four hundred fell in at the hall, George Street, and marched four deep to the Mines to excellent music by the military and model bands. Before starting, the former band, who appeared for the second time in their new and neat uniform, under the leadership of Mr J. H. Thomas, played with good taste the tune "Old Hundred." The procession, headed by Messrs Emerson, (President), and Hollands (Secretary); of the Committee Messrs Bobjnhne, J. Jewell, and Bourne acting as Marshall?, then pro ceeded up the Mine road to East Moonta, ac companied by a large number of spectators, and back to Moonta Mines Wesleyan Chapel, the galleries of whioh were crowded to excess, the body of the ohapel being reserved for the members of the Order*, the juveniles, num bering 120, oocopying the front seats. The servioe, whioh commenced at 3.15 opened by singing the 323rd hymu from Sankey's book. After prayer by Rev. T. Weatherill, the choir sang with good effect " Behold how good it is for brethren to dwell together in unity," Mr Herbert presiding at the organ. The Rev. R. Kelly then read the 12th chapter of Romans; the congregation, which could not have been less than 800, stood up and sang hymn 199. The Rev. Piper, before com mencing the discourse, said the passage selected from which to speak on was Romans Inverse 17, "The Kingdom of G-od is not meat and drink, but righteousness, and peace and joy in the Holy Ghost." As he was the first to speak he had to deal with the negative side of the question. They were found met for mutual benefit. The; had by their organizations relieved thousands of cases. He was glad that suoh combination existed. There were present representatives of combinations uf various kinds, and of these there were de grees, la the Kingdom of God there were to be found degrees of combination. The King dom of God defined, he took to be-although there were many definati^ns-that m'oral and spiritual good by which men recognised the sovereign of the kingdoms, the rule of Chrisfs advent, that relation in which the Holy Spirit is thp operative agent. Divine rule over man's life--subjects saved who have given them selves to God. The preacher referred to the CUBtoms of the early church which ejferoised the minds of young oonverts in the matter of making sacrifices, while these were good in themselves they would not bring us into the Kingdom of God, nothing ceremonious could help us there, The Rev. T. Weatherill followed. Righteousness, he said, taken at its common sense,- life , eveiywhere works by a rule ; there were channels and limits to be prescribed to an end. The superstructure rests on a solid foundation. It was one thing to have the life of God in a book, sod another . in your h.eart, as a royal monarch directing the life. There were fhe eternal principles of justice in Christ's character. In personal character, where there is righteousness, (I) hearty obedienoe to the commands of Christ { (2) habits of imitation-Christ's holy one and just. He was not neutral as witness His providence, Ijfe and death. (3) Moral recti tude manifests itself itj daily life. It was the I chief consideration- morality of thought. Place of shelter is righteousness. Christ ig the substitute for the sinner. Faith digs until it touches the rook of Christ. There is faith, hope and charity f but all rests on the righteousness of God, $bepe w$s no fictiti ousness in this righteousness. In this wag the life of the Friendly Societies-Righteous ness. The collection was here taken up after whioh the Rey. T. Hiatt spoke on the subject, <* The reign of Christ was a reign of peace in the heart." The great trouble of men to-day is h&B; conscience, or as the Americans put >t# conscience has man. Sin created restlessness. There could be 90 peape until it was put away, and no true1 peape where Christ does not reign. Peace bad its founda? tion in righteousness. Not a negative peaee that .shields us from trouble, but in every trouble we are able to call God our Father. Universal brotherhood was thej principle recognised by the Orders, but it had its I foundation in the kingdom of Christ. The federation of the world rested on it. The Rev, B. Kelly,"Joy in the Holy Ghost aB citizens of the Kingdom," is very different to those ,who knew nothing of Christ in the heart. There was a new relationship. If any thing can*take the sombreness out of human lite, it was being reconciled to God. Citizen ship of God was the'highest as it dealt with eternal things. Nominal Christianity was little better than heathenism, for only those within the kingdom could experience the joy. referred to in the tejf. Men sometimes tried to gtye joy in worldly amusements. These they did not need, and it would be a scandal on - our Christianity and a reproach to the Holy Spirit to seek joy other than that .pokeB of. 3?he speaker closed his remarks with -an exhortation to all those who were strangers to that joy to embrace tfre kingdom of righteousness, in whioh they would have peace and joy in the Holy Ghost. On leaving the chapel, most of the men fell in two deep, and marched back as far as the Mine poet office^ and formed a circle, when Mr G. Emer son spoke a few words congratulating them on the turn out, and the discourses they had listened to, at the close of which they fell out. The collegtion taken up was £11 odd, so that fully £10 will be handed oyer to the local Benevolent Sooiety. Fabmers mix ou8 uhouf ru«t. WALI.a-Roo to !>:!"-.> i-ter pillar? JiADINA Jjiti-i-.-iry S>o i -1 t fl luris'iitl^. Lose an:l anxious on red rust. Thi? King of Portugal is rt^.-id and buried. TllE luriy flasavie^B rim It n jjood b»2i»ning. Waixaroo £c&red; a win 11Wallaroo Mines on Saturday. THE Barrier polioy of the Government fell father flat on Thursday. JOHN Clark can produce some fifteen-inch carrots without tbe aid of Beetaloo water. Att crops are more or lees affected with rust. THE baby show has Bent away over three bundr-d wearied and disappointed mothers. Tn is cricket season has started on .the Pen inBuia Tut; G-erman Etnpesor and his wife in Ath'Ti*. THE Lantern.vaxes funny over the Angle pole 11 i j>. Miss Ton Filkenstein has gone to Western Australia. THE Government likely to be in hot water this week. A new extradition treaty between England and America. A conditional settlement of the brickmakers Btrike offered. ? A boy won the championship at the Adel aide baby show. NEW Zealand got 16s 3d above the mini mum for her loan. *? Mr Ciabk is going to make the most of the Beetaioo water. THE Civil Service Commission visits Beeta ioo works this week. THE girls were very cloBely watched at the Adelaide baby show. Cr W. L. WARE is to be Mayor of G-lenelg i foo the ensuing year. Mr ADAMS has been instructing the Kadinnites on a State Bunk. THE line weather since Sunday will help the crops wonderfully. Railway reforms insisted upon at home for the safety of the public. Thk Greenock people have petitioned agninet the Angaston railway. GBEAT Britien requires 19,000,000 quarters to m»ke up sufficient tood (or her pesple. OUR Railway Commissioners'jare slow in introducing cooling cars on our railways. ACCORDING to the agricultural reporter of the Australasian ensilage is easily saved. MOONTA has begun to stir in municipal matters ; Wallaroo and Kadina still asleep. A big church parade at Moonta on Sunday; j 1,100 on the march ; the church too Small. ] Mr DAVITT siys the Times knew Piggott's letters were forgeries before the trial began. BISSIABCK has assured the Czar that Ger many's navy is only for defensive purposes. THE Ranger should not rise too early, but. should give trespassers notioe of his approach. Mr JOLLY, Manager of the Junction mine, denies that he " cussed " at those newspaper men. No d'lily deliyery for Wallarao. The tele graph department not yet prepared to keep a horse. Cr Chatfield thinks it quite possible for Mr 0-oyder to make a mistake; so does Mr Bartlett. Mr Adasis has discovered a means by whioh gold and silver can be dispensed with entirely. THE ladies had an eyening all to themselves ia the Wallaroo Literary Society on Friday evening. Sis HENBY LOCH has returned to Victoria for a 6hort space. He leaves again on the 18th of next month. ESSAYS on music, manners] (so far as gentlemen and their hats are concerned) and Sir Walter Scott. Mr HOWE sets engineers and experts generally "at defiance, when their opinions do not suit his plans. WHEN do the Government intend to inti mate their intentions regarding the Wallaroo and Moonta railway. IN boxing and rowing the Australians now in England are metaphorically wiping the floor with all comers. THOSE Moonta ratepayers most bo terribly inconvenienced in carrying their produce to Wallaroo for shipment. THE new electric tramway line, two miles long, from Box Hill to Doncaster, "Victoria, was opened on Monday. WHAT ovr oan those 33 ratepayers be thinking of in acknowledging Wallaroo as the shipping port of Moonta. THE Kadina Council teat the record in short meeting on Monday, but then Ben and his calf skin were absent. THAT telephone, according to the Mayor, is fgoing to establish the reputation of Wal laroo as a shipping port. WAIILABOO has unearthed a " demon" bowler ; they don't know how it's done, but ha gets there all the same. PHILLIP Temby, of Nortn Adelaide, is the champion baby boy, Rena Stella Miller, of Norwood, being the prize girl. THE total quantity of gold obtained in Queensland for the sine months ended 30th September last was 552,520oz. Quiz is rather rough on the Government. Makes out that they are being nursed by the Opposition. The worst is 'tis true. THE baby show is over and the mothers, disappointed and otherwise, have returned to their homes, where they should have re mained. THE Corporation have been improving the outside of the Town Hall. The inside also requires looking to, thanks to the present mode of lighting. THE total amount of the Loan Estimates, which have been presented to the Queensland Assembly, is £1,607,280. Of this £123,000 is for immigration. .... THE new Jury Act is now in force. "The city coroner had a jury of seven on Saturday. This is rough on a number of the professional jurymen of the city. MOODY, France and Symons are to be auctioneers, agents and mayors; and who kno»s but next April may not find the firm, or some members of it, M.P.'e. A ratepayer suggests that because the Rangsr geis up too 6arly and gets his stock on the reserve, the Counctl should dispense with the services of that officer. " PAEifEB" goes for " pipe traot." All farmers do not provide rusty bacon, although some of them seem a bit rusty themselves when their corns are trodden on. The Council seemed to think it queer, if cattle were left in the hands of a boy while his master waB away for tns doctor, that they should not be missed for four days. IT is stated that some astonishment is felt in London at the exaggerated cablegrams which have appeared in colonial newspapers in reference to the late dock strike. THE Minister of.Lands in Victoria has got into hot water over favoring a particular company in the manufacture of casks for the experimental export of frozen butter. WHEN those Moonta ratepayers read that memorial it ghould act as a solemn warning to them not to sigh anytljiqg again until they are thoroughly acquainted with its contents* THE most extraordinary exhibit that has been seen at a Peninsula show this .car ib a " Poland1 China Bull," discovered by tie representative of a city daily at thj Kadina show. Teb net revenue of the Northern Territory for tibe quarter ending September 30 last was £10,058. The total value of imports was £51,696, and the total exports amounted to £33,329, SOME councillors complain whan they suffer by a reporter's mistake, but the one has not turned -up yet who ib prepared to acknowledge the improvement made on some of their speeches. THE Lantern's specimens at the baby show includes Messrs Hopkins, Bartlett and Stook. The first " a fine infant, but mentally weak the Becond " too fond of Equating, should learn to walk." THE Hon, J. Y. O'Lowghlin lost his gold watch, chain and pendants ip transferring from the. narrow to the broad gauge in re turning from Anglepole. The watch has been reooycred, but not the pendants, THE Newcastle election took place last Saturday, James Curley, the freetrader* and misers Secretary, sebtired 2173 votes to 2022 votes by William Qrahame, the retiring-pro tectionist member. This does opt look as if the working men of New South Wa'es were very anxious about protection. Newcastle is purely a working man's district. 4 return jto the House of Commons, stating the amounts returned as hiding been paid as compensation for the slaughter of diseased (pleuro) and healthy animals . in contaot therewith in 1886 to 1888 inclusive, showed that in England the total amount BO paid had been £87,631 17s 7d, and ia Scotland £65,170 6s 4d,-total, £152,802 3s lid. THE ship Corn Moor? from Baltimore to @io, waB posted ag tniBBtng. ^wo men h%yp . i <? I Hil iroore, wlt-i v-.tvi U-r ?? wreck. iA>..i ? j «i--1 i** l ao iJ-c-J an ! a erf by 0>e surfirars, «-lro underwent great prir<t' tions. A. faciX ious ngrienUuTlst of our dietriot says that the " Holy Josephs," who busy them selves in putting down gambling, ought to induce the Government to bring in a bill to abolish farming, gwhioh he considers the greatest gamble extant. THE sagacity of the horie is undoubted ; daring one of the very dark nights of last week thsee late travellers from ILadina would have been |compelled to oamp out for tbe. night had they not resolved to allow the horse whicn they were'driving to find bis own way home. Mr Pubvrs, an old resident of Wallaroo, and now of Port Adelaide, has 3on«ented to stand for the vacancy cauasd by the retire ment of Cr Kestel, who is the coming Mayor. "Mr HOBN waxed warm the other day at some remarks of the ex- Attorney-General, who, he said, should be the last to impute improper motives to others seeing that he had broken nearly everyone of the ten com mandments. A terrible drowning fatality is reported from Went worth. By a fall of earth from the bank of the 1f :rrv i-ito n ho-jf, the occupants -were throwu into lUe river mu oii children were drowncJ. Tbe father, Richard G-nrney, is seriously injured, and the mother is said to bave gone out of her mind. ONE energetic Kadina Councillor managed to get a petition from Kadina residents dicta ting to those of Wallaroo Ward as to bow they should spend their sates. Now another gets a similar petition from Moonta. Surely in justice the people most conoerned should be asked for one. Cr Marshall should do this ; his present attitude ie decidedly juve nile. 