Mount Wellington, Hobart. Our mountain takes precedence of others, because he has a grand set of organ pipes, the melodies of which can be heard by those whose hearing is attuned to the vibrations, soft yet deep, clear and penetrating, of the overtones of nature. Our mountain looks most picturesquely grand always. Irides encircle his lower sides on~fav6red 'sp'rihg- mornings, when the winds are gentle and the-clouds light ? and fleece-like. No need to tell us that the rainbow colors of the mists which hide him- are the broken light rays shining - through drops of water. We incline to our own theory, which is that the good''-' genius of the mountain is working bene ficently; and, with the modesty which is : the fitting accompaniment of goodness and genius, has surrounded himself with a veil , ui uiuuj viw-uiu- j.ui vuu tmuuurro uio^ioioC| and, lo, gifts are come to many households t ' The fishermen are well contented to go home with the news. that, their nets gave way under the load us did those, of the Galilean .fishers.1 The farmers' ruddy faces are glowing with good temper this morn- . ing for they have seen the promise of great ingatherings when the year is older. The1: first;flowers of ;the: s?asoh. open their eyes, y in the. garden i;of yonder house ;?? while ? inside, on, joy '1 the smallest person of the family, with red! face, .downy head,, arid tightly closed! 'hands,,. is ! .placed, in the cradle. : .His brothers arid 'sisters wonder hpw, long ; his, spill was' in' coming from., heaven,;' wonder whether he can- stul. hear thejriistle.of angels' wings, the ' soft treaii of, angelic . footsteps. He shuts his eyes . ? again,. directly after .he opens them,/ cries ! whehihe'is wakened, and refuses to have, ' more! to do ; with us than he .can possibly ?! help for several long months Vindications. . at least so th'e wise' oneV of the fdinily! say, .'; that he has been used to better company.; .. ' Summer cbmes and our mountain/with . its snow patches, melted and, its beauty ; enhanced by the/lovely .blue of a soutleri sky, is1 now. one of the delectable . mpun- ' tains'.'' Many are the journeys' which'' , we ,. take to his summit, iind if we cannot see the Celestial .City shining -in the distance it is because 'our vision needs to be ire proved, by the double spectacles, Faith and Hope. ' '-??'? Autumn finds him the good great grand- ' father of the children of the neighborhood, for his side-pockets are lined and filled ' with treasures—nuts, berries (edible and , ornamental); cones, ferns 1 What happi- ' ness to explore his ' fairy-haunted glens, lunch by one of ' his numerous streamlets, and return laden with spoil! Yes ; he be longs to the1 children in the autumn, and : like the' best of grandfathers bears their tyranny with charming grace. Winter tries hard to abuse i'him.-' Storm after storm rides up on icy wings frbm aritarctic. seas and hurl themselves at him'; torrents come down upon him ; snow flies at him;; clouds— not the fair ethereal mists of a summer dawning, but clouds torn and;' pale as with anger— rise and confront hiim/ like accusing ghosts; and murky darkness' enwraps him. All in vain! The traces of/ adversity which he bears only invest him with purity and dignity ; for his shoulders' are now covered with a snowy surplice'.' Apparelled thus he stands forth as a symbol of endurance and patience, as a minister of strength and fortitude, and preaches a Heaven-sent sermon whereof the text is, 'The mountains shall speak peace to the' people, and the little hills, by righteous* ness.' ' Asteoirat. ' ' MaY,1889. . ' ' ? .- .-o ?.-.,...-? 