Saturday Night in aLondon Slum. -B"r B,"OreNTIFIoGAL." The plane was no pretty full, and a iperfect-Babel of' oicre -was in the-air. Swearing, expectoration, and tobacco smoke were freely indulged in on all sides,; and we were beginning to feel unendurably hot and uncomfortable, and to wish that we had never been induced to visit this den.' When the.fresh detachment had mannged;to find standing room-by this time no easy matter -a few preliminaries were gone through, preparatory to the performance proper. Oae of the "artists" ha1 to be fetched from a neighboring gin palace, whence he was brought in a state of amiable intoxication, the "Duke of Newcastle" was disovered up.staire, 'in jfagrante delicto, drinking gin out of a lemonade bottle, and a baby behind theaseenes.had to be thrashed to keep it.quiet duaring the performanor,wa pro ceeding which, of course, had a directly opposite effect.: Then there was a clattering of feet and whistling from the auditorium, and amidst all this the curtain rose.' It is somotime? very humiliating to have to con. fess failure, but we must own, with shame sandsorrow let it be done,-that the whole piece was ocularly and intellectually entirely beyond our grasp. We have a dies recollec tion of a woman, fearfully and wonderfully male. up, appearing before us, and calling out:in, a voice like thunder that they said she was mad, whereupon sho indulged in a long cackle, after which'she tore her hair and '.rolled.,upon the stage, a proceeding which seemed tous thoroughly anoalle3 for; thed, presentiong.by this timea decidedly disordered and dishevelled, appearance, she advanced to the footlights, but the audience didni't appreciate this class of acting, and v'diiferated loudly for tho lionse and tigers, some gentlemen going so far as to observe that the lady'waa seuffring from an attack of aeute alcoholism. Tois, however, iwas not the case, as was proved by the entrance of .:'The Dake,' who ;oompared her- to lilies, roets,? gniding, stare, etc., etc. Then the tragedian entered from the 'O.P., and, without the least p-ovocation, fought a ddel with Hies Grace of. Newcastle, from which,. of coulas, the latter rose ttinmptat. "TIhen a f'di pisol shots 'were fired,'probably by, way' of 'ffect,'and' thei:curtain came d6own with a jerk. The hurdy-gnrdy:retirne.l'ti its work of " We don't want to'fight;i! aid this being tlie'signal thatithe? performanoe was at amend, the room began to cleir. ,We were having our last look round,-;and were turning to leave,.when we noticed a,wretched looking little fellow, who ha ,snppliedthe so-:alled ion of the entertaionment, sitting on an inverted box, Thinking we might learn something of the working of this piece of machinery-the "Temple," not the man we nasked him whetherbhe 'would'liki'to "take something " He answered withbi a "cold-a-duck-swim " look, which we were not slow to interpret, and asked him in con sequence to accompany ns. It 'was not till we had well lubricated him. with hot rumm and water that he became loquacious. It appeared that the proprietor of the "Temple" was a very hard taskmaster, pay ing each member of his company two shil lings a night when they were supposed to show to six "houses," and four shillings on Saturday, when, by working all the after noon, they were enabled to get through double that number.' On being questioned as to whether he, the proprietor, had a dramatlo license, he answered in the negative, saying that it hbad originally b:ea a "Pepper's Ghost Show,' but that that had now been discontinued for come time. His own personal history wag a very sa, one. He told us that he had been eincated in ne of the large London public s:hools, and had run away from there at the age of twelve with a travel'i g eirca.. His life with this circus was not by any mean a pleasant one, for, though they often di t well, he was requently denied even food.. He travelled through the provincial towoasof E -gland with this troupe for about three years, when, by the death of the princip.l, it wse dissolvel. At the ego of three-and twenty, after having undergone many hard. :hips and privations, he received an enga-.e mest with a well-known Lond(n .circus, where he became known as coe of the clever cat bareback riders of his day.. It was here he assured us that he spent the happiest days of his life, buhot, alas I the happiness wras very abort-lived ;he he had scarcely complettd the second year of his engagement when one evening he was kicked in the back by a horse while performing in the ring. It was found that serious damage had beon done to his lungs, and that it would be imp's ible for him to appear in public again. After many months of suffering he'was sufficiently recovered to get about again, and in spite of medical opinion he elec'ed to resume his old proaession; he received a second engage. ment from Mesare. Hengler, but his powers were not.what they once were.. The p:trician hands that had roused themselves out of their usual arathy to applauod his en trance in the old days, now raised them to twirl reeplendent moustachios, and their voicers to whisper into aristocratic ear', " Played out, don't chor know,' 0, you chil. dren of tammon, you are the soul-of geer ositr-a thirg todream of: whilean actoror a circus rider amuses ye?, you 'will caress him, and lick the duest from his feet; you will even invite him to visit your Lares et Penates--in itself a most stupeondous con cession, but let any calamily overtake him, which causes his performance to fall off, be it ever so slightly; let him be just a little bit paste, and your cold relentless eye is upon him, you forget that a f:w years ago he beguiedl many an idle hour foryou ; you forget you were then rather .proud than otheroise to be seen in company with him in Piccadilly or The Row. So nows, while he is on the stage or in the ring you look around and admire the frescoes, and vote him at tpid, dull, and a bhre. Truly, you are a gener ous communityI Se or friend of the Temple of Mysterios left the circus and gradually hut surely gravitated until he reachrd his present position. The story a41 a certain frankness about it which it would have b:sn impoosible for us toreprofucc, and it touc:edl us deeply. Altoge- ther the locality itself and all its suarroundings had left a dismal and unphinsut impression upon us, audas we entered the elstation and got aeatel in a com fortable railway carriage felt ourselves being whirled away to a better and purer part of the griat metropolis, we sent up a prayer of tlanbks from our heart of hearts to the wise P'?ovidence that rules all that our lot was cest in more pleasant places. 