Orange Celebration at Hinton. ( On Tuesday evening the Orange Lodgo No. 71 of Morpeth and Hinton celebrated the anniversary of the Battle of the Boyne by a tea and public meet- ing. The gathering was held in the School of Arts, Hinton, and was largely attended, notwith- standing the threatening appearance of the weather, and the terribly muddy roads that the country people have to'traverse from the farms. The tea was laid in the School of Arts and was partaken of by a large number of people. The tables'were afterwards removed, and the hall re-arranged for the public meeting. The place was quickly filled. The chair was occupied by Mr. John Pearse, who had with him on the platform the Revs. Dr. Boag, W. Davies, J. S. Macpherson, C. Stark, and A. W. Brough. An excellent choir under the conductor ship of Mr. C. S. Boag supplied the music to the accompaniment of Miss Dudley. The proceedings commenced with the singing of the hymn " AB the sun goes down." Portion of Scripture was read by the Rev. W. Davies, and the Eev. C. Stark led in prayer. . | The CHAIRMAN expressed his pleasure at seeing | such a splendid meeting, notwithstanding the weather. (Applause.) It showed that in Hinton and neigbourhood there were a body of men, and women too, who were not ashamed to own the word Protestant. He was glad to see the ladies so strong. They had met to celebrate thoBe series of battles which culminated in the Battle cf the Boyne, in which their forefathers had won for them the blessings they now enjoyed. Next year he hoped there would be a grand gathering, as it would be the two hundredth anniversary of the Battle of the Beyne. He hoped it would be acted on with the greatest enthusiasm. They were often asked why they met to celebrate these old world feuds and heartburnings. To his mind there was as much needsfor them as in times past. A few days ago he read of a Protestant in Spain being sent to gaol for fifteen months for not lifting his hat and bowing down to a cross. The prosecution was caused by the Roman Catholic Bishop, and the priests celebrated thee vent by a banquet and fireworks at night. That occurred on the 5th of May last. Was that the system of liberty of government they would wish for Australia ? It behoved them to bo to the front to show that they would not be trampled upon and put down. They were all aware of the trio of agi- tators that were amongst them. He was glad to see that the little village of Hinton had turned out to assert that they would have none of it. They were loyal to the backbone. They had all read about the celebrated letters of Mr. Deasy. He pointed out that while they were meeting there socially and for their moral profit, their brethren in Sydney were celebrating the anniversary in the same manner. He expressed his pleasure at the fact that the Hinton Lodge were celebrating the anniversary themselves. As Orangemen they were prepared to bury the hatchet, provided the Papist party" would give over their aggression. They had no desire to interfere with any man in his manner of worshipping God, but what they objected to was Rome's political policy. He instanced the repeating of the libel against the Public schools, and enquired how it was that there -were so many Roman Catholic teachers in them. Choir : " Dare to do right." The Rev. W. DAVIES said that was the first time in his life he had been present upon an Orange platform. It was the fault or misfortune of his nationality. Had he been born a few miles to the west on the Island of Saints he would probably have been an Orangeman, and a right hot one too. In his own country Orangeism was unknown. Since he had been here he found it was a living thing-it had voice and visibility. He had been accused of having the true Orange ring about him, so without knowing it he had been brought into it. If Orange- ism meant deep and profound and fervent apprécia- tion of the boon and blessing of Protestantism, then he could honestly claim to be at one with them, if not one of them. He yielded to no Orangeman in the depth of the conviction of the debt they owed to their glorious Reformation. He also felt as much as anyone there that for that country to fall under the power of Roman Catholicism would be the greatest calamity the mind could conceive. To avoid being misunderstood it should be bora in mind that the Roman Catholic Church was a Christian Church, and some of the most saintly men and women that had breathed the air of that earth had been found in its pale The church that could produce such a man as Father Damien must have something Christ-like in it ; but they were like angels' visits-few and far between. They wera not there to deal with indivi- duals, but with a mighty organisation which he ho had no hesitation in saying was the most corrupt form of Christianity that had cursed their world. One of his indictmeuts against Popery was thtt it had been the implacable foe of all freedom. To be just he would say that in dark ages it had kept the lamp of learning burning, and taken the cause of the weak against the strong, but while acknowledging that he said the Church of Rome had done ten thousand times more for the enslaving of man than all the sovereigns put together. No human sovereign dreamed of putting on the neck of man the fetters that Rome had forged. Human despots had only placed the body in dungeons and chains, but the Church of Rome had enslaved the mind, and even followed it after death, enslaving the body, soul and mind. A second count of his against Romanism was that it always aimed to step in between the soul of man and God, between the sinner and the Saviour. It did not do so in single file only, but in battalions. There was the Pope, there were the priests, there was the invocation of saints at the head of whom was the Virgin Mary, .who all came between the soul and the Saviour. No greater argument could be used against it. The very core of Protestantism, its fundamental principle, was the direct personal relationship of God with man. That was the great service Protestantism had rendered to the world. It had swept away everything between man and God, between the sinner and the Saviour. Tha Roman Church had taken God's message to man, and placed in the hands of the hierarchy-they had robbed the people of it, and placed in the hands of the priests. Protestantism had taken it from the priests and placed it in the hands of the people. It said that every,man hada right to hear what God said, and to read the Bible for himself. Roman Catholicism by the Inass repeated the sacri- fice of Calvary. Protestantism proclaimed one cross, the sufficiency of the sacrifice of the atonement. Roman Catholics maintained the right of the church to interpret the Word of God. Protestants main- tained that the Holy Ghost interpreted it to every man for himself. While the Roman Church was Christian and used the Bible it put Christ in the background, and the Pope, the priests, the Virgin, the Saints, the crucifix, the altar, in the front. So with the Bible-it was kept from the people in a hidden tongue. The glory of Protestantism was that it had swept all these things away j it main tamed that man had a right to read for himself what God said to him, and that no one should come between man and God. That principle spread to others-such as civil and religious liberty, the right of private judgment and personal responsibility, the sovereignty of conscience, and the right of man to go face to face with God and with his Saviour. Hymn : « Christians awake." The Rev. J. S. MACPHERSON, after expressing his pleasure at being present and the difficulty of choos- ing a suitable theme on which to address men, women, and young people, said one great question which he saw looming ahead was the relation they were to maintain to the mother country. If he understood Orangeism, one of its cardinal prin- ciples was unity of the empire and loyalty to the sovereign, and he rejoiced that in that colony there I were numbers of Orangemen who were virtually by their principles pledged to maintain the unity of the empire under the Queen. That question was of considerable interest, as they were to be visited Bhortly by threo gentlemen to try and carry away i as much money as possible for the purpose, ho held, of bringing about a disruption of the empire ; the separation of Ireland from the mother country. Protestants in Ulster looked with dismay upon any change that would place Ireland in the hands of the Celtic or Roman Catholic element there, as they saw it would end in the separation of Ireland and Britain. He had been a student of history for many years, had had an opportunity of study- ing the question for himself, and when ho bore in mind that for two, three, four centuries Ireland had been Britain's running sore, and notwithstand- ing the attempts from time to time to satisfy the demands made, they had always been followed by fresh grievances, he was convinced the end these movements had in view was the disruption of the Empire, one of the things for which Orange lodges I existed to prevent. He had in his library 36 volumes of the Parliamentary history of England, with the debates from the time Parliament first met till the beginning of the present century. In 1783 a bill was introduced into the House of Com- mons the object of which was to remove from Ire- land what was then described as her only griev- ance. Under the leadership of Pox it was suc- cessfully piloted through. When it passed, the leaders of the Irish party, the great dignitaries of the Romish Church, the representatives of the nation, and the Irish populace passed resolutions by the score that the last grievance had been re- moved, and thenceforth Ireland might be considered as the most loyal and peaceable portion of the British Empire. That was only about a century ago. What had been the history of the last cen- tury ? They had had measures of coercion neces saiy to save the peaceable population, and grie- vance after grievance had been stated. The last great measure prior to the land measures was the disestablishment of the Irish Church. He had been in Ireland a year before it passed, and he heard it everywhere that if passed the Irish would be a most loyal people. That was only twenty years ago, and since that time there had been a bloody tyranny of the worst kind, rendering life unsafe in certain quarters. That man was wilfully blind who closed his eyes to the fact that the object of all these agitations for the last century was that which Mr. Davitt admitted was his object-the separation of Ireland from England. Whatever they were told by Dillon and Co., if they had Home Rule to-morrow it would only be a stepping stone to entire separ- ation. (Applause.) As he claimed liberty of thought and speech, he granted the same to others, and admitted their right to try and secure the sympathy of the people here, but he denied the right of any man to plead a cause which could only be successfully pleaded by a distortion of facts. The great cry was that they were only desirous of obtaining the same measure of Home Rule under which the people were so contented here. In pass- ing he might peint out that one of the Sydney dailies of that morning had an article which was plainly a seeking for republicanism, and there were hundreds looking forward to that. But as practical politicians they should demand what this Home Rule was. Mr. Gladstone had said he would not in- troduce a similar measure to his last because it was impracticable. No other measure had been put forward. He had an idea of Home Rule and he considered Ireland, considering her geographical position, had just as much Home Rule as they had here. There was talk there of federation. Suppose the colonies joined and were represented in a Central Parliament, on the basis of population, would they be one whit less under Homo Rule than they were to-day. He combattcd the argument that the Union had been carried by bribery in a Parliament not representative of the people, by asserting that it wa3 carried in the only way in which the people comld be heard through their representatives, and that some of the most impor- tant political legislation had been carried through in England of which the_ same thing might be said that it was not representative. Taking a population basiB, Ire^aud had a greater representation in the House of Commons than either England, Scotland, or Wales. He then alluded to the changed aspect of the Vatican towards the Irish question. Some of them were old enough to remember when every agitation in Ireland for separation had the moral support of the Vatican, but for the last two or three I years Rome had changed front, and has been con- demning certain portions of the operations of Irish agitators, and had come into collision with certain sections of them. His own view of that was that owing to the change that had come over England and Scotland, Rome now saw that it would be more advantageous to flatter English sentiment and the English people than a faction in Ireland. When the agitators came with their plausible statements and pictures of Irish injustice at the hands of Eng- land they should ask them what rights and privi- leges the English people enjoyed that the Irish did not possess. The only answer they could get was that some 100 or 200 years ago some naughty things weie done by Cromwell and Elizabeth to the Irish people. The English people could bring the same charges against Cromwell, but they were not always bringing up these' old grievances. They were able to go further and say that Ireland pos- sessed many exceptional advantages, instancing the freedom from a State church and the protection of tenants and farmsers that exceptional legislation had secured for the Irish people. In concluding he appealed to them all who believed in the unity of England to do all in their power to maintain it. Choir : " As pants the hart." The Rev. C. STARK said he was pleased to be there and to take part in that celebration,-to lend what little influence he had to a cause which had such noble ambitions before it. He referred to the religious and political speeches they had had. It was the first time he had been on such a platform from the same cause as Mr. Davies, and ho was content to take a boy's place and let that meeting be a step in his education, that by and by he might take a more important part. He pointed out that Popery was the confirmed opponent to their liberal principles and progress. If they looked back they would see the dark claims that followed its success. He looked back with pride to see the marked inter \-- ' --? position of the Almighty's arm. At the same time ho pointed out that Popery was not dead : it was still marching forward with steady progress, which deceived them for that very reason. He believed if Popery obtained the power, they would see a recurrence of the sama dark days and shedding of innocent blood, and that it would only be prevented by another revolution or an interposition of the Almighty'6 power'lo stop the monster's progress. Anything that interfered with man's liberty was his enemy. Did not Rome do that ? He referred to the claims made by Cardinal Moran as to their higher education. There were Roman Catholics who were as honorable as any men, aad he would as soon deal with them as man to man as with any men j but his fear was when he was dealing with them as machines, not as men. The evils in Ireland were owing to the priests; they were at the back of it all, and so far back that they had only the power to see them now and then. What then were they do ? They were go- ing to stand by their grand liberties-political and religious,-and so stem the progress of Romanism, and bless the world with the maintenance of those principles which they contended for. Hymn : " There's a light in the window." The Rev. A. W. BROUGH apologised for his late arrival, which was owing to circumstances over which he had no control. After the excellent speeches they had had, he would not now interfere with the tone of the meeting by making his speech. Hte had intended to speak of the causes which led to the downfall of James II, and with him of the male representatives of the Stuart family, and of the principles that were behind the life work, so to speak, of that great and glorious man whose name they honored that night, and always would honor, William III, Prince of Orange. Though he was phlegmatic in temper, and in some things not brilliant, they knew to the core he was Protestant, which permeated his whole social, commercial, and political existence, and were the ground work of all the glorious privileges they enjoyed. It was often asked why they cele- brated these old grievances. He asked why did Dillon and Co. come 12,000 miles to bring for- ward their grievances, and should Orangemen not speak of the glorious privileges which they inherited, which they loved, and which they were determined to uphold. These people were determined to rob them of them, and they should stand by them as William of Orange stood by old England in the days of her need. He, in a jocular manner, pointed out that it was not love of country but love of another kind that was a great motive of one of them coming, and pictuied the way in which Mr. Deasy would be treated if he came there, and even in Ireland if he stood for Parliament again. Had they observed how, when he made the charge against the postmaster at Branxton, who had filled that position honorably for a considerable period, he had made a charge against the whole colony; that his letters from home had been opened, not by accident, but by authority received from home, and from superiors here, that the Government might by some under- hand means find out what was his mission. He was laying a gross charge on the public life of the colony, and if it had not been refuted it would have stood against them in the memory of the old land. The same principles that existed at this day among the lower orders of the Irish faction existed when William of Orange arrived, and assisted them to gain their liberties. There was a desire to drive rough shod over the population, and to hold men in slavery. They had read how James II kept down the people by asserting his divine right as king and being above all law, how ho had thrust a Roman Catholic priest into the position of Chan- cellor of the University of Oxford, driving out the FelloTS when they objected, and he referred to the repetition of the charge made against their Public schools, and the number of Roman Catholic teachers in those schools. The reason behind was he believed, the desire to get the work of education into their own hands. They would not violate their own principles, but they should take as thair aim the motto on the flag of William, slightly altered-" I will maintain the liberty of the Greater Britain and the Protestant religion." At some future time he would be glad to deliver his address. He was surprised to see such a large audi- ence on that inclement evening. It showed that the Orangemen and Protestants loved their liberty, and that they would maintain the right of the people. Choir : " God speed the light." Votes of thanks were passed to the ladies for preparing the tea the speakers who had ad- dressed the meeting, and the choir; to the Chair- man ; and to the Press ; and the proceedings closed with the singing of a stanza of the National Anthem, and the pronouncing of the benediction. 