THE WHITECHAPEL MURDERS. FilOII Oon CORltESrON-DENT 1 LONDON, 12TII Seitemupt. The laconic telegram to Scotland Yard on Monday, " "Wliitecliapcl again," carried in it s terrible story. It meant that one more wa added to the long list of ghastly enacted in the slums and alleys of the East" Eni The monster, known to tho world now as Jack tho Ripper, had been onee more at his horriblj work, and the metropolis sickened at the pro3poct of new horrors. "Whitechapel again." "What more condemnatory comment upon our modem civilisation could possibly bo conceived? The state of society which can tolerate such con ditions as maintain tho thousands of outcast) east of tho bank, and so offer opportunities to tho maniac that works unmolested there, ii surely little short of barbarism. However far wo may bo from the millennium we maybe permitted to venture, at least, that these things need not ho. Yet, strango to say, publij sympathy and public feeling display a certain apathy. Jack - .the Ripper has becomo io familiar to us that wo have almost ceased tabs shocked by his re-appcarancc, and ho even fail) to furnish us with a topic of conversation of much importance, as he used to do in former days. The police, doubtless, are hard at work and keen enough, but leisured London has grown indifferent, or seems to have done so to those wlioliavo realised all tho pity of it. In the case of the unknown woman who was murdered some three dap before tho body was found, as in tho case of her predecessors, thero is no clue which has availed anything up to the present. Some hope, how- over, is held out of their discovering the mis creant by means of a olue furnished by the jVru York Herald. If this should bo successful, It is possible that Jack tho Ripper may be at lad unearthed nnd receivo his reward. I say possible only because it is by no means certain that the latest atrocity is tho working of the " Whitechapel fiend. Opinions aro divided. Sotno think that it belongs to another saira, that which inoludcs tho Rainham and Tkamei embankment murders. It may be remembered that some short time after the public bad been just startled by tlio lYhitecbapel murders, the romains of a body wcro laid in a bouse in the Thames embankment, and that the murder, u it oridently was, remained a mystery. Some timo afterwards portions of a body were found drifting down tho Thames; and later again a similarly mutilated body was discovered at Rainham. In each of these cases the body was that of a woman, and it had keen cut up by a hand evidently skilled in anatomy. But as tho circumstances differed from those of the "VYliitechnpel murders, public opinion, a) well as tho opinion of the police, attributeiHbo former murders to some other person than Jack tho Ripper. Now the most recent crime resembles in its circumstances tho Rainham sories, inasmuch as tho body was only a trunk, without head or legs, and was that of a woman who had been murdered soino days before the discovery.- These reasons, therefore, have induced peoplo to think that tlio murder of Monday is not tho work of Jack the Ripper. But it seems fur moro reasonable to conclude that all tho murders arc the work of ono man or one gang. In the first placo it is not at aU likely that twomcaenst with a precisely similar craze, developing at & precisely similar time. Secondly, the rnurdci) in both series resemble each other in heiug tho work of n man evidently practised m anatomy. Thirdly, mutilation characterise) both soiiea If the murderer of the unknown woman in Pinchin-lano is discovered wo aro justified in belioving that ho will prove to be Jack tho Ripper, tho author of the AYhitechapel atrocities. .... n,. Tho cluo tho polico havo obtained from tne New York Herald ia slight, butit is a clue, and hitherto tliero has been not tho ghost of a clua A man called at tho Herald offico on Summi morning with tho announcement thnt a " bite- chapel -murder lind been committed, nniltb" the body had boon found in I'incliin-lane. inu man called in tho oxpoctation of receiving a reward for his news, and gavo his tiaine as Cleary, nnd his address as 21 34 Into Horso Yard, Drury-lnnc. He became nervous wb asked to accompany .two reporters to mo nconc, and finally refused to go. The rcfV went alone, and found tho information was lalsc- No body had boen discovered, nnd no mam had been committed. This was on Su ? morning. On Monday morning tlio body o. , unknown woman, who had evidently b«m some days, was discovered in Fmchins- Now, tho gist of tho matter is this, " John deary's " Information « coincidence, whioh seems most un yj or John Cleary knew of the " Assuming tho moro probablo alternn , if Cleary knew of tho murder, it is ph , ho cannot havo been tho actual murderer. . facts of tho caso aro satisfied by tho fo hypothesis : — Oleary, as lie oatlcu bimic , privy to tho murder, and knew that it intention of the man or men concorned deposit tho body in Pinohin-lauo. Ovcrco a desiro to obtain somo monoy, u» ' v; notico to tho Herald of tlio murder discovery of tho body, knowing been resolved to leave tbo body in rui . on Sunday. Tho intention of tho mujd howorcr, changed, and tho body wa tj,eB posited thoro till Monday. It would sc , that if tho polico could got hold ol 10 would bo in a fair way to discovert murderer. Cleary signed b's namo Herald offico, and. his description j0 down by tho Herald P00Pl0" „/lIcsUniablI say, ho gavo a wrong address, and p namlJ also a wrong name, as no man or ipjm was to ho found at "White Horso (o polico are confident that tlioy wiU enea find Cleary, and it is to bo hoped their is well founded, for upon fns dia without a doubt, tho lives of many women In the future, far or near. 