MR. FREDEBIC HARBISON ON A NOTICEABLE BOOK. tne editor of tho Nineteenth Century jr.biibhes letters from various men, more i r less famous, criticising tbo books they happened to be reading at the moment. Mr, OlidstoDo. Mr. John Morley, and Mr. fired eric Harrison are the meat remark- aoie or rncse correspondents, we give Mr. Fiederic Harrison's review of Mrs. Margaret Wcod's "Lyrics," which have been privately piinted at Oxford. Her rematkable short work entitled " A Vil'avo Tragedy," which appeared originally in Temple Bar, was very highly praised in these columns at the time. This impressive story has been since republished by Meiers. Bentley " What have I been reading, my dear Editor ? I have been living, breathing this difficult air of the iced Isle of Tfianet, gazing across tho long reaches of the sands, where Turner loved to watch . the sunset, tramping it over this most peaceful, most ozonic, most aucient corner of England, covered with the footprints of snccesBivo races and foregone religions. I have been tracing the estuary from Poitus Eutnpitc to Begulbium, sitting in the shade of the big yew nnder the tower of Minster. 1 have expkred the old 'gates' of the cliffs, their beacons, tur rets, oastles, and ports, and the records of tho Daundelyons, Quekes, Crispes, and Criolls, amongst ancient memories of Voitigern, Austin, and Elthelbert. J'ai vi'cu, toy friend, here in this purest of all airs, and most historic of all islands, far from the madding crowd of yelping jour nals and railing politicians, and fog and mnd, and the irritable tribe of critics. Have I been reading ? Yes ! I have found a new poet, an unknown poet, one who just falls in with my present mood, whose sombre music haunts me as I wander round the remnants of the Minster Grange, or watch the ploughman over the weary sweeps of the down. r Thus lost to human things, To blend at last with Nature, and to hear What books Bha sings Low to herself, when there is no ono near. "These lines close the graceful little poem called | 'Best,' in the volume of 'Lyrics,' by Margaret L. Woods, a col lection of some 20 pieces, daintily printed with broad margin and tasteful setting, in the private press of Mr. H. Daniel, Fellow of Worcester College, Oxford. Mrs. Woods, the wife of tho President of Trinity College, is already known in England and in France by her 'Village Tragedy,' that gem of truth and pathos. But alt who love the ' Tragedy' must call upon the author to give these ' LyricB' to the publio, and no longer to keep them as the delicious mystery of the few, for the ' Lyrics' are the complement, the key, the moral of the ' Tragedy j they teach us how the ' tragedy' is to be read, to see that it it the work of a poet, to linger over the vign ?ti es of scenery scattered through it, to uud< r- stand the deep undertone of sorrow, it may be despair, the terrible calm with which it faces the crnel destinies of the poor. "There is a bit of 18 lines, 'To the Forgotten Dead,' full of a pathetic music and a stern patience, whion might be the sequel to the noble lines of George Eliot, 'Oh ! may I join the choir invisible,' but they contain a thought not in the larger poem, a thought weil worth our meditations, of the services of those unknown, forgotten, un considered ones who brought Beuunoiation and laborious years, To lay tho deep foundations of our race. There is to my car a melodious wail in the refrain, 'To the Forgotton Dead,' 'To the Unhonored Dead/ which reminds mo of some of those strange sobs in uniBon written by Edward Fitzgerald, and which he oalled by the name of Omar Khayyam, How like the Bubaiyat are the lines— Among tho stars, along the wind in vain Their souls wero scattered nnd their blood was shed, Aud nothing, nothing of them doth remain, To tho thrioo-ptrished dead. Some such cry one might -hear over the ' moat-like fish-pond,' where Annie Pontin was found dead in her night clothes, as the water closed over the ring that Josbo never lived to place npon her finger. - ' "This sustained threnody reaches its deepest note in the poem that beginB, ' I dreamed a dream within a dream," which iB the very Dead March of pessimism, I saw this monstrous grave, the enrth, Shako with a spasm as though of birth, And shudder with a sullen sound, As though tho dead stirred in the ground. And that great angol girt with flame Cried till tho heavens wore rent around, "Come forth, ye dead!" — Yet no man came, Thcu there was sileueo overhoud: But far below tho ancient dead Muttered as if in mockery ; And thero was darkness in tho sky, And rolling through tho realm of death Laughter, and some obscure reply, With tongues that none irtorprototh. " The dreamer of tbi6 nightmare vision of human life hears the laughter of the undeluded dead. They have drain ut the cup of life to the bitter dregs ; they are whore the weary are at rest; there they choose to rest still. Lio still, ye dead, lie still and sloop. " The same note of despair runs through the four stanzas with the rofrain ' Sigh in the silence of the midnight hour Sigh, watcher for a dawn remote and grey, Mourn, journoyor to an undemri-d deep. Eternal sower, thou that shalt not reap. "One would have thought it impossibl.- to say anything freBb, or even endurable about night ; but it is not every day that ono has snoh a ' Ballade of the Night ' as that which opens thus Far from the earth tho doep-descendcd day Lies dim in hidden sanctuaries of sleep. Tho winged winds couched on the threshold ' keep Uneasy wafofi— "There are bits of quaint fancy, of mirth, -and light play in these little pieces, but the prevailing note is stern, sad, and even uncanny, as in tho poem entitled ' Ghosts/ which begins Where tho oolumned cliffs far out have planted Their daring shafts in tho Northern foam. There, in a ruined castle, the ghosts pass in and out, in storm and calm, by the Bun. set and at night:— When tho Btarry charm of tho night is broken, And tho day hut lives as a oliild unborn, Tbey pass with cohoes of words onoe spoken, AEd silont footsteps and oyoB forlorn. "What is tho meaning of this fierce, dogged, almost cynical pessimism ? Obviously it is the poetic imagination. What is the meaning of any lyrio poetry ? It is the musical form of a passing mood. And our moods of sadness, disappoint ment, even of despair, are as much tho subjeot of lyrical expression as of any other. " Optimist as I am bonnd to be, it iB with regret that I lay down this dainty little volume, which I am only sorry others osnnot enjoy, a volume of verBe in whioh I do not remember one olumsy line or one jarring note, whioh is everywhere musical, intelligible, graceful (three qualities with out which verses have no right to be), and whioh especially interests me as serving to throw light on the most poetic of modern romances. Mr. J. Maude, of Sydney, has been ap pointed secretary of the Viotorian Dog and Poultry Society. 