A Headless Ghost. An English Farmer’s Cruel Bevengs on His Fake Lady Love. About thirty miles south of London,- in I one of the prettiest part3 of England, ia a j village called Bhalford. Adjoining it is a j large common, or public pasture. There ore | a few houses fronting on it, prominent among which there was, about twenty ycaie ago, a rather singular- looking edifice, known to the village folk as the “ Black House.” The name was apparently ill-chosen, for the bricks were white and the tiles a bright red. But there was a good reason for the name, as any lcoal gossiper has pleased to explain. The house bad bean built by a farmer named Somera for tbo reoeption of a young lady of good position who was Bhortly to become his bride, iho weddiDg day had been fixed. But a few day3 before the one fixed for the wedding day the bride disappeared, and a lev/ bourn aitcr her departure a farm hand in the employ of Somers was also sought for and found not. Rumor coupled th9 two names, and the dis appointed bridegroom started off in hot haDto in pursuit. For several months the house remained untc-nanied, but one night lights were observed in the windows. Tbo next day there was much speculation as to whether Somera had returned or whether he had rented. Rut there wa3 no signs of life during the next nor the succeeding day, ana finally it was thought advisable to force an entry. Accordingly tho local blaoksmith and Somers’ farm bailiff broke open the front door. Tho house wa3 found exactly as left by Somers when he started out on his tour oi revenge, ncr was there any explanation to bo detected of tho lights seen at night. That evening the windows were again bright, and for several successive nights the phenomenon was repeated. Finally a com mittee of three was appointed to investigate. The members of the committee were the blacksmith, the parish clerk, and an old Ekeptio who believed in no one but himself. After eating a hearty supper at tho village inn the trio set cut on their task. The o'ark was very nervous, the blaoksmith defiant and the skeptio sarcastic. The door wao forced open and the men proceeded to investigate. They made a tour of all the rooms, but dis covered nothing. The clerk became reas sured, the blacksmith sighed for someone or something to fight, and the ekeptio throw in an “ 1 told you there was nothing " every two or threo minutes. But shortly beioro midnight the light oi the lanterns carried by tbo intrepid investi gators was supplemented by a bright illumi nation whieh eeemsd to have no natural sourco. The clerk looked at the blacksmith, and even the skeptio felt himself at fault. Suddenly the first named sprang to his feet and rushed headlong out into the passage, along it to the front door, and through it on to the open pasture. The blacksmith and the skeptio turned and deoided to follow hi3 lead aB best they could. For, standing in the far corner waa a figure so weird that not even the skeptio could control his fears. It was the figure of a young woman, absolutely headlees, and envolped ia a shroud of sur passing brilliancy. From this unnatural clothing tho mysterious light seemed to emerge. Tho two men gGt away safely and corroborated the parish clerk’s description of the sceno. The story was not generally oredited, but again and again was the house rented, only to be vacated fay each succeeding tenant after on6 -day’s ceoupation. Neither Somers nor his falsa lady lova ever reap peared at Shnlford, and when your corres pondent last saw it the bir.ck house was atill unoccupied and was gradually falling into ruins. 