Crumbs. Ice. ~ ^ Dust Hot wind. Return of summer. . Suicide mania set in. Summary on Monday. Military Band to night. Agin ton again to-night. Concert on Oval to- night Taxes are coming in well. A bear garden at Glenelg. You ought to see Agin ton. Didn't the w heels go round ! Grand procession to-morrow. A perilous flight again to-night. Sympathy with Selina Cocking. Otto Fischer at Kapunda to-night* Farewell to the Majeronis to-nigi t Was St. Patrick born during Leat ? Mnirhead the lawyer libelling Satan. Barometer at noon to-day, 3007. The City Fathers dead set on the bike. School of Minea' students made a start Glenelg's rowdy record on the up grade. Is the copper market sick or only bilious? African Dutchmen preparing for a "just war." Anld Andrew Tennant's first oration last night. Rocket apparatus will be sent to Willunga. 'Cello solo by Lombardi at the Royal tonight. Melbourne lawyer's clerk and £312 gone astray. Servian Regents now being watched by Austria. No cricket on the Adelaide Oval tomorrow. Glenelg Railway rather late with those promises. Sir Henry had a hard job last night to keep order. Adcock's case — Linked legalities Ion drawn out Roll np little kiddles, here's " Hans the Boatman." Sydney bluebagman succeeded First in Australasia? xhe recent cyclist by-laws are altogether too stringent. Bertie compliments South Australia for her public spirit 1 It was fortunate that Sir Henry Ayers took the chair, Glenelg was always a breezy, not to say stormy place. Mary Stuart to be exhumed—and in this hot weather too. Councillor Muirhead one of the ringleaders of the bear garden. ^Eneas scratched for the Adelaide Cap and Goodwood Handicap. Lawyers for the Glenelg Corporation are getting that injunction. Hanniker Heaton bowled out. Windbag pricked by his "ghost." Will Signora Majeroni give ni some Italian- Anglo-Scorch, to-night 1 Grand walk round by Messrs. Mortimer Muirhead, and Hooper. Commissioner of Taxes dealing with uneettled taxation appeals. How quiet Councillor Fox has been since the Mount Gam bier trip! Why don't the Port Corporation look after the quality of their cabs. A bicycle not allowed to stand in street^ more than thirty minutes. St Patriok will take possession of the Adelaide Oval to-morrow. Port Adelaide getting anxious aB to where the new Governor will land. Sir Henry must be heartily ashamed of. some of his fellow ratepayers. Thursday's meeting at Glenelg was an unruly one and bard to manage. During ten weeks forty-nine men committed suicide at Monte Carlo. Aptqaotationof Mortie's aboutSatan; a lawyer should know you know. Gaylord-Silbon Troupe are described as the most wonderful of combinations. Star of Greece Fund has helped several relatives of the unfortunate crew. German clocks are driving the Americanarticle out of the Chinese market Only £500 claimed for manufacturing Henniker Heaton's stump speeches. Signor Lombardi the celebrated 'cellist plays a concerto at Theatre to-night Will our Worsnop next oompel horsemen to carry lampB and to keep a bell ringing Sun rose at 6.1 a.m., sets at 6.17 p.m. Moon set at 3.12 a.m., rises at 6.18 p.m. Councillor Murihead not earning a very, desirable reputation as a representative. The amount spent on intoxicating drink in Ireland for the year 1887-88 was £11,041,608. Sydney Pro:eotioniats promise not to oppose re- election of any of the new Ministry. Engineer-in-Chief and Conservator of Water inspecting water conservation works. Trial ol Mary Stuart before the Chief Just'ce. The Ways of the world are wondrous. Under the patronage of His Excellency the Acting Governor and the Mayor. On! pshaw. Commons won't Interfere with Billy O'Brien being compelled to don prison, breeks. Old Blood- and-Iron is disposed to allow JobnBull to boss Samoa if Meinheerisallowedi the " sugar." Why did Muirhead want to fight everybody ? He even rebelled against the Chairman's rating. The Thunderer is still confident of estabiahing the justice of its cauae in exposing. " Parnellism." Grand Old Man promises to probe the connection between the Parnell Commission and ihe Government Bicycles stand in the watertable, and do not occupy the space of a trap. They don't bolt or kick like horses. Quotation for Maroh 15 :— tai better ia M to know everything of a little thana little ol everything.-Pickering. An " Old Buffer" says:—" If the penaltyfor attempted suioide was hanging, there would aoon be a scarcity of subjeots." By the by-laws nowadays a cyclist IB not allowed to travel at any pace, has to keep a bell continually ringing, and always cairy a light. The "House" was never honoured with such a long and eloquent speech from Andrew Tennant as the Glenelg rowdies were treated to last night. Better avoid all dispute between the Port^ Largs Bay, the Semaphore, and the Grange, and get the new Governor to land at Glenelg. Hear, hear, says the Sandhill Savage. A fire broke out in Hindley-street, March 15, 1857, by whioh property valued at £30,000, including the business premises of Messrs. Mitchell, Bone, and Farmer AHodgkise, were destroyed. A distriot near Smyrna—a narrow strip of land about sixty miles long, and averaging about eight miles broad—yields the annual product of dried figs that is exported to every large city in Europe. Julius Cseuar auaasinated March 15, u c. 43, He was a heroic warrior, a voluminous author, a fairly good mathematician, and ia many other respeots one of the greatest men of antiquity. But having assumed the imperial dignity be roused the jealousy of his friends, who joined his republican foes in a conspiracy againBt his life. General Jackson born at Waxhaw, South Carolina, March 15, 1767. Though a Jaok's ton, his father's name was James, and though his own name was Andrew, he was not a merry Andrew, but was nicknamed "Old Hickory" on account of his austerity, and because be lived on hickory nuts when the supplies tell short during the War of Independence. City Fathers won't buy a trifee, And never would try a bike, So they're making it rongh For the cyclists so tough. Whom they never did really like. Now fancy our Mayor on a wheel, Bow exceeoingly queer he would feel, If he had a owbell And a big lamp as well, Be would mutft rather not a good deal. The Galalean era of the Sultan Geladdin Shah began March 15, 1079. This reformation of the Persian calendar was effected by a general assembly of the Eastern astronomers, by which the solar year was fixed as consisting of 365 days, 4 hours, 49 minutes, 15 seconds. Somehow or other Mr. Todd was not present or he would have told them to correct their corrected calendar by adding nearly another hour to the solar year. 