AH OCEAN SECRET' B&IKG; • A 3TSANGE SI ,'EY OJ A DEAD MAH'S GOLD. Bi JAMES SSIPP BOBLASE, Aothor o! "Darker than Death," "Who Killed Joha Cameron ?" " Both Princess and Police Spy," "Nina the Nihilist," "May Mortimer's Mistake," &c.;, &c;, [All Eights Reserved.] Chattek XXII.—" I Want You Under My Personal Protection While Jim Peels as He does towards You." Fanner George waa not only grieved on hi3 only eons behalf, whom he gave credit for possessing far deeper feeling than waa actually the case, but also on his own, for Winny was every whit as dear to him as though she had been his daughter, instead of only hi3 dead sister s child, and here she was turning away from them all in order to marry a perfect stranger, who in all probability, for so old Bal linger argued to himself, would almost directly thereafter return to Australia with her, for he waB well aware that England possessed attrac tions for very few people indeed who had once lived and prospered in that far away land of sold and almost perpetual sunshine, Winny had handed him her father's letter to read, and had also shown him her photograph, explaining the while how Amos Robinson bad assured her he had nearly worshipped it for years, and that 'twas it more than aught else which had induced him to take a voyage of 13,000 mileB in order to attempt to win her for his wife. This explanation caused the farmer to think better of Robinson than he had done whilst wondering how he could have been so deeply smitten with her at first sight and summoned up the audacity to tell her so. When, therefore, he happened to come suddenly across Amos, who, feeling far from comfortable, had been trying to keep clear both from father and son until they had to a certain extent digested what he felt sure ere this they had both ot them had to swallow, namely, the knowledge that Winny Scudamore had agreed to become his wife, George Ballinger said sadly, but by no means angrily— . "Well, lad, I wish you joy, notwithstand ing that you have brought heavy sorrow to me and mine, sorrow that we shan't recover from in a hurry, I reckon." " Oh, don't say that, Mr. Ballinger," re sponded Amos, a great load suddenly taken off his heart by the resigned manner in which the farmer had received the news; " oh, don't say that" he repeated, "for I've no idea of robbing you altogether of Winny, which would be a poor return indeed for the kindness that you have shown her for so many years, I know very well how exceedingly loth she would be to leave one who had been as a second father to her, and really Buckinghamshire is such a beautiful county that I've almuBt determined to turn farmer like yourself, and make it my home for the rest of my days." " What, and never see Australia again ?" ex claimed Ballinger, equally pleased and sur prised at the communication. ''And never see Australia again; just so. The fact is that with its sage-green foliage, and its patched and dusty plains, it never had any attraction for me, except as a money-getting place, and such an object no longer exists. Then, again, that terrible voyage home ha3 sickened me of the sea altogether, and the mere idea of Winny undertaking so perilous a journey would fill me with something very like honor. No, no, Mr. Ballinger, her dead father's matters—will included—can all be arranged and settled by a power of attorney; ai?fJ UB? a stereotyped expression, you will find that instead of losing a daughter you have gained a son." "And delighted shall I be to do so," ex claimed the farmer, grasping Amos Robinson heartily by the hand; but then the expression of hiBcountenanceunderwentasudden'cnange,and he continued in an altered tone—' • I very much doubt if my poor Jim will take the same view of the matter though. He is terribly cut up by the conduct of his cousin, whom he has looked forward to one day making his wife almost from a child. He knows the news already, and is in a terrible way about it. In fact, he feels pistol-bullets and knifepoints towards you, so pray don't stroke his fur the wrong way if you can possibly help it." "Not I, for I do assure you that I'm uncom monly sorry for him. But at twenty- two no passion is very deep, and you'll find that his will not drive him to kill either me or himself. By-tbe-bye, this is a good opportunity for me to express my regrets for what he forced me to give hmian hour or so ago. His pluck and spirit were so great that he did not know when j he was beaten. I positively couldn't afford to spare him. Had I tried to he'd have given me worse than I gave him." "What you've given him with your fists won t hurt the lad. and I'm pleased to hear that he made so good a fight of it—extremely pleased—for it's an honest old English way of settling minor differences that I much approve of, No, it's the blow that you've planted in hiB heart, not on his head, that's troubling me at the present." "Postpone its troubling you until you see whether it spoils his appetite, Mr. Ballinger. He may sulk with his meals for one day, or even two, for love will often drive lads so far. but if he makes up for it on the third, ?n« I for one shall be extremely surprised if he doesn't, why then the worst will be over." "And the worst won't be very bad in that case, laughed the farmer, but then he added more gravely, "You evidently aren't a bit surprised that you're no favorite of his; in deed, it would be very surprising if you were, On that account I hope you'll take no heed of his dog-Iike snarls and growls, for you muBt own, you know, that you've given him a bitter pill to swallow, and that's the way in which he expresses his dislike to it. He calk you an impostor, perhaps credits it, but you might very possibly do the same under like provoca tion, were your position but reversed, He even just now went aB far as to declare that he d no doubt you were the last man on the raft, but that it was that very fact which enabled you to take John Scudamore's belt from his dead body, to master all the secrets that it contained, and afterwards to pass yourself off as his mate, who doubtless had fed the sharks ere then. I tell you all this in order that you may know what poor Jim is capable of saying, so that you and I may both discover whether you are capable of bearing it good naturedly," It was perhaps well for the party addressed that Ballinger looked steadily on the ground instead of straight into his face while he dis closed to him his son dim's suspicions and possible convictions, for that face suddenly became as pale as any ghost's even to the very lips. * The changed expression didn't last for more than half & minute, however, for the mock AmoB Robinson's power of will was great, and never perhaps had he put it to such quick and pressing Bervice before. "By Jove! your son should be an author and contribute sensational romances to the 'penny dreadfuls,' which I should imagine have been his favorite class of literature," he then exclaimed with a laugh, immediately add ing, " Oh, I do assure you, Mr. Ballinger, that whatever he may say won't affect me in the least, nor will it, I feel equally sure, influence i Miss Scudamore, «All's fair in love and war,' runs the proverb, and although I do not by any means subscribe to the doctrine, I shan't feel at all, or at the moBt very much, incensed at the beaten side resorting to such tactics. Above all I shall remember—ahoays remember—that James Ballinger is your son, and that whatever his personal treatment of me may be it has been far more than made up for by the confi dence reposed in me, and the hospitality and kindness shown to me by his father." "Well, now, I consider it very kind and hearty of you to say bo. Mr. Robinson, and since it has pleased you to express so good an opinion of me, I feel great satisfaction in tell ing you, in turn, that my opinion of you ha3 been very much raised and exalted by what my dear niece has just told me about you, which waB to the effect that you made not the leaBt effort to compel her to marry you—that youeven offered to freely release from any moral obligation that she might consider herself to be updertodosoouaccountofherfather'sletter,pro vided Bhe felt asBurei she could not be happy bb your wife. This magnanimous conduct on your part proves conclusively that you are no mere fortune-hunter, and also amply disproves, as far as I am concerned, that you are that which my son, in his jealousy and bitter disappointment seeing through a glass darkly bb it were, Eets you down to be. Hanged if I aren't already inclined to think you will make my dear Winny a far better husband than he would do." "I will try to make her a noo'.l one at any rate. I'm thinking, Mr. Ballinger, whether it would spare your eon's feelings were I to take lodgings m some neighboring village until Winny becomes my wife. I cannot help but know that it must be infernally disagreeable for any man to see another, whom he hates, sitting as an honored gueBt at his father's table, and in constant company with the girl whose affections he has deprived him of," eaid Robinson, though far from wishing that his proposal should be accepted, ii *T0r ^ol- Ballinger at once rejoined, JNo, no, you must remain at Buttercup Farm, It is my v:ish that you stay at Buttercup Farm, I have a strong desire to have you under my own eye—under my own personal protection, so to speak—whilBt my eon Jim feels ob he does towards you. Ah, you don't know Jim bb J do-how could you? He's a very good natured, o^mhearted, generous young fellow and all that, but then he has - his weak points, and I understand 'em all the better because my own disposition was juat as passionate and as headstrong when I was his age, S assure you that £ shouldn't feel at all comfortable I were you anywhere else than at Buttercup Farm for the nest few weeks at any rate." "Oh. well then, in thai ca3eat Buttercup Farm I'll certainly remain," laughed Kobinson good-naturedly. "I asBure you, my dear sir, that I find my quarters here far too comfort able to feel the least desire to leave them on ray ov:n acconnt. When I made the proposi tion I was thinking of the comfort of others, or rather of one other." The conversation then slowly drifted into other channels, but Amos, whatever the Bub jeot broached, never let slip an opportunity of expressing sentiments calculated to raise him still higher in the credulous old farmer's good opinion, :■ (To be continued.) 