#TVW do not hold ourselves responsiblo for opinions of correspondents]i I: 0 1 "'PREPARE TO MEET THY GOD, 0 Amos, 4, 12, last clause of verse. TO THE EDITOR OF THE MERCURY. SNever,i sinicethe ' Prophetuttered'it, has this text had such a significance, as at the present.time .Thers is a .direct.call.to Christ's'Bride 'to 'preparefor the 'esposals ; for, remember, the espousals take place some considerable time before the marriage. The Betrothal; and the manner of the' betrothal, is minutely described by the prophet Hosea, 2nd ehal~iter 19th and 20th verses?'-.' A' d I will betroth thee unto me forevcr j(n?t for a few idays only) yea, I will betroth thee unto me. in rilhteousnes, ind. in .ijudginentl and in loving kindness, and _in. mercies; I will even ljtroth thee unto me iln faithful ness,'and thou shalt know that I am the Lord." . ! ' If you wish to see the full beauty of* the engagement, you must, read, from the. 14th verse of the chapter. Having promises im deed, and from onethat neverfails to :per form: To celebrate this betrothal; a great feast "takes place-the.feast"of.the dedication of the bride, .Remember, there, is ,a wide. distinctiodlto be draiv?wbetween the feast 'df, dedication, and the marriage supper;, some years iiiustelapse'between the 'two events. To" those' who can 'receive it,; I inake no secret of the fact' that it is' how taking place, a~lywioonly last upt tills the;4lthdayýof February next, which is the 14th day of the 11th month of the; sacred 'year- 1888.; for, whethier you believe it o` anot, the rapture of Christ's Bride takes place in' 1888. or; in other words,'the betrothal thit' I have just referred to. :'In, order to'. prove'that the sicred'year of 'i8S8 is'not yet closed, I refer you to your bible dlictiomiary, and you will see that the 11th month of the Jewish, or sacred year Adar corresponds to our. February. Search the Scriptures, and you will find that an: extraordinary event happened to Israel on the 14th of the 11th 1 month' Adar. 'Another' extraordinary de liverence is to be effected on the same day, the'closin; day of the sealed tribes.' I presume that I will be laughed at for my information, ,but I: warn those who ý laugli to remiimber Lot's warning to his sons- ] in-law-" But he seemed as one that mocked 1 unto his sons-in-law." Genesis, 16th chap., and Lot, so shall,it be, in the days of the ] comiiig (of the Son bof Man.!' 'We find ;a graphic description of the situation recorded i in Christ's 'parable of the 'ten virgins in the ] 25th chapter of St..Matthew's gospel., To liin a virgin, in the':sen'e' implied' in" the parable is,to be numbered in the Church of 1 Christ. Wise and 'foolish alike are pro vided:with lamps, and go forth to ineet the Bridegroom; "but five of them were'wiie; and five were foolish, they that were foolish took. thei'rlamps, and took no oil-with them ' -the, nuptial oil, of the true espousal which is now..taking .place., "But the wise took oil in their vessels with their lamps," and, strange, but true-" while the Bridegroom i tarried (or delayed)ithey: all slumbered and ] slept.".He' came at such. n unseasonable hour-like a thief-hence the continuous caution to:watch. '" And at midnight; (the a darkest part of the night) there was a cry i made, ' Behold, the 'Bridegroom cometh, go ye out 'to meet hini ;' then all those virgins arose and trimmed their, lamps." . But the wide difference is now manifest; five, have faith and works, and five have faith and no works. Faith is the lamp, and oil is the t works. "As the body without the spirit is dead, so faith without works is dead also." Reader; iif yobuwish toibebone of, Christ's c Brides- elect, beware how you build.' There is a marvellous difference between one of the i elect few who enter in at the straight gate s "ithat ileads -to life, and few there be that fins it."ddThis cannot pertain" to the coint t lessawhite'-ro'beilAhoi og who' have wl:h'd their robes, and; made :them; white. in the blood'of the Lamb Read the 7th chapter of Revelations, ' and. you, minyt perceive the difference. Everything deppnds on the pre paration- doni' forget the oil' '" PREPARE to meet thy God OIsrael''t' And nowto a the practical test as to who at theaolanfia ed f ones, or wise virgins. Q.,rist says-" He t that abideth in meu, and T in him, the same t bringeth forth -muclh fruit:. - If ye' abide- in t Me, and nmy works abide in you, 3 e shalrssk 1 what ye will, and it'shall be done unto you." I John,,15th chap., 5thband 7th 'verses. Tere I sixth verse shows jw1iA th'd'eoolislf'"irin' I are, and the practical test as to who aretinue t believers:(or wise.virgins) is given by Christ , Himself to His disciples just prior 'to His 1 ascension, recorded in the 16th chapter of I St. Mark's. gospel, 17th and 18th verses:- f ".And these signs shall follow thein that be- t limive; in Myname.shall theycast out devils; 1I they shall, speak with tongues;. they shall s take up :scrpents, and if they drink any a deadly thing, it shall not hurt them;. they 1 shall lay hands on:the sick, and theyashall t recover." These are the signs infallible, and, mark you, the. Apostles manifested all these signs after the descent of the Holy Ghost at Pentecost. Where are the :true believers ald 2Apostles nowi ?-for.the irorld is looking for the signs infallible. "'' As the body withobut' the' spiriti is dead, iso faith c without works is dead also." : ' . : Yours faithlfully,1 . ; EDWIN HALL, 352 Smith-street, Collingwood. 