OCCASIONAL PAPERS. GHOSTS. Br Wtbebt Reeve. II. Ghost stories hare sometimes an amusing, i as well as a strange or horrible side. When playing a tour in America, acting night after night, and sometimeseight times a week, twice on the Wednesdays and Saturdays, the very trying part of Tosco in the play of; "The Woman in White," a singular circum stance occurred. It had been very weary work rehearsing i and playing with strange and often inefficient companies in each town, travelling some i thousands of miles, in bad weather. I arrived in Philadelphia, worn out in body and in mind. After a Wednesday maiinie I had gone back to the hotel, and flung myself on the bed rest a little before playing in the evening I fell into a kind of half-sleep, from which I was Eudddenly aroused by j what I thought was a sigh. 1 looked up, and looking upon me, with a compassionate look, was the face ot an old lady, who, in my child hood, bad been very tond of me. 1 had never thought of her for years, and could not for my lite have described heras in life she wore the little corkscrew carls, poke binnet, short waist, and dress with what I think used to be called Icg-of-mutton sleeves. I robbed i my eyes, started up, and it was gone. ! Although convinced it was caused by a weary brain and body, I wanted someone to tell it to, for the face haunted me—someone who would sympathise with me, and say, "All nonsense," and confirm my I own disbelief in the supernatural. At j last I fixed on a most respectable and kindly old lady in the company; who played Madame Tosco, during a short wait I had before going on for the last act "Ah," I thought, " kind old soul! you are the motherly sort of woman to give me comfort" She listened attentively ; then a feeling of horror ! came over h^r face, and she sai l—"Oh, Mr. Ueeve, you don't mean to say you saw that!" " Yes," 1 replied, with a little trepidation at k. "Oh, my dear, how dreadful ■" her look. "Dreadful?" I replied. "Why so? Oh, Mr. Peeve, that is iust what President Lincoln saw before he was murdered." The reader may easily imagine the consolation and comfort the good old lady gave me. There was a story of a haunted church-yard in a village in Worcester rather amusing. For nights a ghost, formandface like the devil, but white instead'of black, had been seen in the churchyard, chieilv over the grave of a well-known drunkard and great Bcamp, whore wicked deeds were the subject of gossip by the fireside of many a cottage on a winter's night. The white devil became all at once the talk of the country eide, the churchyard was shunned at night, and the village children feared to so through in day light. At length two fellows, pot-valiant with drink at the ale-house, made a bet they would go that night to the churchyard and shoot the demon. After loading theirgans, they departed, to the admiration and wonder of "the rustics. As they neared the church yard, their courage descended a little to their boots, but they were determined to go through with it, and ao concealed themselves behind a low stone wall, every now and then seeking fresh Dutch courage in refreshment they had brought with them. At length they heard footsteps ; they looked over, and there was the gentleman safe enough approaching the grave ; the body was hidden by the long grass and nettles. They were trembling with tear, but one man at length managed to fire, and more by lack than aim evidently bit the demon, for down be fell with an inhuman cry. The two fellows ran back to the village as fast as their legs could crrry them, and told the fearful story, and like old fat Jack Fnlsiaff and the robbers, made the most of it For the time they were heroes. The next morning a party was told off to go and look to see if his majesty had left any bits of himself behind, when to their dismay they fonnd a poor white donkey dead, belonging to an old man in the village, who, attracted by the extra fine growth of tiiistles about the village scapegrace's grave, had nightly escaped from his yard, and gone there to hare an extra feed. We all probably have Been haanted houses, and it is very singular how very simply a house may he condemned, when the mysterious sounds beard may be very easily explained if people only had the courage to face the mystery, and not allow their imaginations to run away with them. It's the old Btory "give a dog a bad name," kc. I know of an instance when a lamily living near Notting-hill, London, were made miserable for months by the most mysterious sounds coming from a room at the top of the house. It seemed at times to be like small feet, at others a strange rasping sound, and when the bonse was very quiet, it couid be distinctly heard even in the lower rooms. The servants one after the other gave warning and left; the ladies of the family refused at any time to be left alone in the house. The sounds were only heard when everything was quiet Imagination conjured np sometimes footsteps coming down the stairs, and a hundred other mysterious move ments. The master of the house began to be as lrigbtened as the rest, and although his own property, he determined to leave it Fortunately, before doing so, be bad invited a young lady to stay with his daughters, who had lived in the country, hardly knew what fear was, and did not believe in ghosts. She declared she would find out the mysteiy, and one night tbey quietly waited. Presently the strange noise began. Taking the candle, ehe followed, whilst the ladies of the honse sat trembling and overcome with fear below. She traced it to a small room, used as a lumber room. Summoning all her courage, she boldly nnlocked the door and walked in. There was a scuffle, some squeaking, a metallic sound of objects falling, then a scampering of aome creatures serosa the floor. They were rata. Going to the corner of the room, ehe found under some old furniture a lot of biscuit tins, containing crumbs and the remains of mouldy biscuits. The rata bad found them out, and had eaten through the tin in several cases where they could not get in any other way. What with this, fighting over their plunder, and getting in and out, they had proved _ ghosts to the peace of the family for some time, and had very nearly caused the house to be deserted, Avery amusing instance of bow anyone may be deceived occurred to two lady friends of mine living near Melbourne. One was a spiritualist; the other was not sow Ine spiritualist, one evening woe in the city the servant was out, and the lady at home, late in the^evening, beard as ehe thought a peculiar noise in front of the cottage, and opening the door, looked ont into tbe aarkneas, when to ber amusement she saw* m she described it, the face ol ber friend, pale, with gleaming eyes, looking towards her v/vuj swntuK towiuub ner . from the gate. A. look, ana it was gone. Fear-stricken, she dosed the door, j and anxiously waited, convinced some I i evil most have befallen bet companion* However, she came back alt . - they talked the strange vision 0^1,3®4 singular, said thespiritualist. "i ara.sp,«BBS(sSi however, indignantly silenced; Tt»ih J?J sure of the fact, the one who absnW saw it, and the other who fiml/bSt in spirits, and that it must bn£rl. spirits, and that it must bode C good, probably death or mtsfortun? in She was inclined to make herwi^eetUehM affairs, and be prepared tor the worst stoe» Two nights after the same lady was j! the honae, and sbe nervously listened tor * second visitation, as her friend had told her it wonld most probably come again, tor spirit, were very seldom satisfied with one visitation She heard tbe sound, and summoning up «ii hercouragesheopenedthedoor. Thetewasihe spectre sure enough, the white lace, the gleaming eyes, the white dress even of her triend. Wnta resolution she made one step when in the darkness it vaniahtd, or rsthS scampered down, for it was a neighbour's old white tom-cat sitting on the white gate-post, who had lately made 'night hideous" « courting the lady a iabby. Her spititasl friend, howevei, refused to believe in the est and stuck to the ghost. 