TALES AND SKETCHES. THE BELL OF ST. PAUL'S., BY WALTER BESANT, Author of Dorothy Forstkr, the Chaplain of the Fleet, Herr I'aulus, &o.; PART n. Chapter XXV.— An Increase to the Family. It was a singular circumstance that all tho misfortunes of this very rcspectablo family should arrive together, like a troop of comedians, and that at the very time of the unknown cousin's arrival. Consider. Before I10 came Lucius was happy in the possession of his guarantee, though business was deplorable. Gassie rejoiced in tho possession of a lover and of a place where her conduct and her pleasing manners gave every satisfaction. Flavia had not assumed the sole responsible charge of an elderly philanthropist. Nay, more. Oliver had not been tempted ; consequently, he had not fallen. To fall, without being tempted, argues depravity. Althea, happy girl, was still fancy free trad could go forth to wateli her ghosts upon the river and tho river bank. Felix, if he loved his cousin, and not consumed with wrath on her account, and if ho disliked liis work, did his best to conceal that dislike. And as for Mr. Mayes, he was still able to remember the witnessing of Mr. Norbery's will thirty yeara ago without the intrusion of that vacant space where another group should have been. Those who believe in the evil eye might have strengthened their faith by a consideration of this case. The family, largo and interesting ns it was, became, ns you will now see, larger and much more interesting. No body, in fact, can quite understand the xtent of hi.s own family, especially in that great class caltcd the Middle, to which most of us have the honor of belonging. If one begins working backwards and sidewards, vertically and horizontally, quite surprising results may be obtained. A Milk Walk, a Baptist Chapel, a (Board School, a grocer's shop, say, at Old Ford, a Company in a Lino Regiment, a black smith's forge, a Bishop's wife, may be sprung upon the Family Tree when a member of tho Middle Class begins to investigate. For the Middle Class is not only the backbone of the country, but also the legs and the ribs and the shoulders of it, and is intimately connected with the toes and heels and ankio joints. Therefore the discovery which Laurence was about to make, though it might be romantic, could not be called wonderful. The only wonderful tiling about it was the coincidence of its happening the very day aftcra certain conversation. One who writes a novel would hesitate to introduce such a coincidence, hut the plain historian may safely venture to do so becanso in daily life they happen continually. Think. At breakfast you hava been talking of a man, a woman, or a subject. After break fast you put on your hat and walk abroad upon your daily business among the haunts of men. Presently something happens to yon directly concerned witii that man, that woman or that subject. You go home in the. evening and you tell the story, beginuing with tho formula, "Most rcmnrkablo coincidence! "We were talking of Jack Scallawng this very morning, saying that it was ages since we heard what laid become of him. When I got into town, there he was at my office, and wanted to borrow £10 — confound him ! Ho didn't got it ; but— most remarkable coincidence ! It was therefore in 110 way remarkable, but only one of the natural incidents — tho coincident3 — of everyday life, that tho very person of whom Sister Claudia was talking in the ovening should turn up 111 the morning. Finding that Altlica sat resolutely in the study with iter father, and Tesistod every hint that she should arise and go forth with liiin, Laurence gave it up, and wandered forth into the City, where he pleased himself by walking «p one street and down another, lighting upon churches in unexpected corners, bits of churchyards, each as big as a dining tabic, with tall warehouses round them, odd squares and closes, sometimes with a tree or a pump in them, winding Lanes, merchants' houses, solid anil sub- stantial, dating from tho Grcnt Fire, towers standing all by themselves — there is ono in Mark Lane wbich, if it were in some old French town,- all the visitors would crowd to see ; and another in Thames-street, without oounting the fine otd Tower of Hacknoy— and all kinds of things, to tho beauty of which Althea had edu cated bis eye. He roamed 111 perfect happiness up and down Harp-lano, St. Moiy-nt-Hill, Rood- lane, Mincing-lane, Sccthing-lane, Crutchcd Friars, Armourer Square and the Minories. All these names ho knew, audit pleased liira to read .them at the corners, and to connect them with their memories and the girl who bad taught him llU these curious things. Then lie found him- elf in a labyrinth of streots whoso names told liim nothing — indeed there is nothing in the name of Manscll-strect to suggest Goodman's Holds or the old Theatre and David Garrick; Haydon Square has no history. Great Alio- street has, it is true, a certain strangeness of name which provokes curiosity — was Alie a girl —the toast of Whitecltapel ? — was there a Lesser Alio as well as Alio the Great ? Picscott-strcet, also arrogating to itself tho titlo of Great, docs not point out tho house where Cloudcslcy Shovel lived ; nor doe3 it record tho fact that Itere the houses wero first distinguished by numbers instead of signs. Civilisation, liko religion, springs from the east and travels west ward. Laurence was beginning to think tliat a cab would take bim in half an hour to Club and Luncli land, aud that he had perhaps done enough for one morning, and that this particular precinct was less interesting than some others, when he became aware of a woman going slowly long 011 the other side of tho street. At first, ue hardly remarked her— thcro nro many poor women to be seen in this part of London. Next special arrangements with the Uthor. All lights reserved he became aware that lie was somehow familiar I with tho figure. Tho woman was wretchedly J clad— there are many women ia London who ate wretchedly clad ; she crept along slowly, as if she was feeblo ; she hugged tho houses as a ship may hug tho Bhore. By lier carriage, by her walk, by her miserable clothes, you could discern tho depths of her poverty and wretchedness. There are, however, a great many wretchedly poor women in London ; why did he seem to re member this woman ? She stopped; on a doorstep lay a thick crust of bread, llung there by some child who did not want it. She snatched it witli eagerness, and beganravenously todevour it. When ehestooped, Laurence saw her face — a faco thin and wan— lie knew her then. It was the poor woman who had run out of the church that morning when ho visited Cornelia. Althea knew tho woman. She was the Disgrace to the Family. Then — he know not why — a vague feeling of disquiotsoizedhim— anunformcdapprehonsionof he knew not what. He crossed the road swiftly and accosted the poor creature, " I have seen you before," lie said. The woman looked up and shook her head. "I do not remember you, sir." "You wore coining out of St. Leonard's Church." " I go thcro sometimes." "You look in trouble. Can! help you?" "Can you help me?" she repeated. "Look at me " "Then," said Laurence, "lot mo help you." She spoke in a sweet low voice whicli reminded him of something— he know not what. Her eyes, when she lifted them, wero limpid and large— they made him think of Sister Claudia ; her face wa3 thin and wasted, but there were the traces, unmistakable, of bygone beauty upon her fine features. Her taco presented none of the signs of degradation and drink which generally belong to persons in these truly melancholy circumstances. She was slight of stature and narrow in the shoulders — a little woman who in her youth might have been ono of those fairy-like women who do so mightily rejoice the masculine eye, merely to see them walk or dance, only to hear them laugh and sing. As Laurence connected this poor creature with youth and beauty, ho thought somehow first of Cassio and then of Sister Claudia. "Miss Indaginc knows you," ho said. "You have at least one friend." " I had. But they turned mo out of my room and now she does not know where to find me." " "Why not tell lier ?" "Because I nm past lier help. She lias no money to give me. And besides it would only make lier more unhappy. "When last she came she was very unhappy." Were the very stones going to cry out upon this young man because he ran away? " Where do you live ?" lie asked lier. "I have found a room in Tenter-street. But I don't know how long I shall be able to keep it." "Will you take me to yonr roam? At all events we could sit down ami talk." "Sit down? In my room?" She laughed scornfully. Thou sho locked up quickly. " You shall come," she said. "Oil, yes ! you shall see my room. It will do yon good to see my Toom. You are young and you are careless. You shall understand what misery means. It will do you good to see how we live — we who have nothing to wait and pray for but Death. And pcrhajis Death itself will make our fate no better. Come with mo— yoit." Sho lifted her head and quickened her step witli tho strength that comes of sudden passion. Cut it lasted no longer than a fire of shavings. Her head dropped, her feet dragged— she fell into lier former carriage of patience— tho patience of suffering, Laurence felt, as lie looked down upon this poor bundle of rags, was even more pathetic than the short-lived flame of rage which had betrayed- tho misery of her soul. Why did she suffer so? What was lier history ? "You are," said Cornelia, "the Disgrace of the Family." What hail this poor creature to do with the Family of Vicesimus Cottle, the great and respected Academician of Bank Side ? And again a vague disquiet seized him, for he too was one of the Family. __ " I live hero," said the woman. " You can come upstairs with mo if you please." She led the way up the stairs, dirty, broken, stripped of tho bannisters, to tho second floor back, a small room which at all events should have been light and airy. It was furnished with a kettle, a teapot and a teacup. . .Nothing more. Nothing at all. Somo travellers have remarked upon the very small- amount of personal luggage which is wanted to carry an Equatorial African through life— a pipe, a bow and arrows, a spear, a piece of cloth, perhaps a knife or an axe. Really, nothing more. But there are people in London who have reduced their wants to oven smaller limits. A kettle, a teapot, a cup, a plate, a knife. Nothing more.' These simple tilings completed tiie furniture of tho whole room. There was nothing more — not even a bed, unless a heap of shavings in tho corner made a bed ; not a chair or a table- Nothing. " You see," said the tenant. " This is where I live. Wilt you sit down and havo a talk?" " Good Heavens ! Are you so poor as this ? I thought that nobody " "I dare say there are not many quite so poor as myself," she said. "There cannot be mauy people in the world quite so poor as I am." " Poor? Bat you are destitute. You have nothing. Not evon a bed to sleep upon." "Not evon a bed," she repeated. "Iam destitute." "And you live here — quite alone." " Quite alone. No one in the house knows mc ; no one ever comes here ; I am quite alone in the world. At night it doesn't matter, be cause I can sleep ; but in tho day it is terrible to sit on the floor witli uotliing to do. Then I wander about the streets." " But how do you live?" "Sometimes I get a little sewing to do— sacks aud bags aud tilings — I can work very well, but the work is hard to get — there are so many poof women who can sew. I should get on if I had regular work, because I can live 011 very little — oh ! very little. For a week and more I haven't even had my cup of tea. I wonder if you understand what it is not even to liavo a cup of tea— and I liavo lived upon bread. To-day I had not even any bread left, and I should havo eaten nothing, if I liad not picked up a crust just now. Perhaps' I shall pick up another crust by nnd bye. Sometimes there are lots of crusts lying about in the streets." "And to-inorrow ?" ' ' To-morrow— oh ! but you arcgoing to give me something," she laughed— a soft and pleasant laugh — yet not mirthful — aud it disquieted Lau- rence because it made him rcmoiubcr some, tiring— he know hot wliat. "Yes, I will give yon somothing. But the day after and the day after that ?" " Once a wool: I liavo a littlo pieco of work for whicli I get a shilling. I clean and dust tlio church where. Com— tlic Church of St. Leonard in Thames-street." " But you cannot livo on a shilling a week." "This room is only two shillings n week. To be sure I am already in arrears, and if they could find another tenant they would turn me out very quickly. When lam turned out I do not know what will happen." " Have you no friends at all ?" " I havo cousins, but I must not go to see them. And Althea Indagino was my friend, but I havo lost ber because she flora not know where to find me. No- — I havo no'friends." Laurence walked to the window and looked out upon tho chimney pots and tho roofs. " It is terrible," lie said presently, in husky accents. "How can a woman fall into such dreadful poverty ?" " It is very easy," she replied. " Oh i you nave no idea how very easy it is. I could show any girl tho way. She has only to do exactly what I did, ami in timo sho will fall into exactly the same misery." "What is your name? Tell me who you are." "Oil ! my name— my name. . The people- in the house call me Mrs. Sinclair. "Why not? It does as well as anything." " Where is your husband ?" "I liavo never had a husband." She met liis inquiring eyes with something like a blush nnd turned her head. "No; I have never had a husband. But don't— oh ! please don't toll Miss Indagino. Cornelia calls me tho Disgraco of the Family. So I am. Yb3— yes— I am a disgrace to any . family, and mine were ' so respectable — oil, so respectable." "Who are you then?" cried Laurence, liis cheek suddenly burning witli a dreadful thought. "Tell me who you arc." "You would not believe, would you, that such a miserable thing could ever belong to a respectable family? Well then—' but she stopped. "I don't know who you are, air, -I have promised my cousin Cornelia that I would never let my old friends know anything about mc. You wero with Miss Indagiue— Althea Indaginc — you' don't know wiiat mischief you might do. " " Tell me, quick," cried Laurence. " I swear that no mischief shall happen. Since I nm a— a — friend of Miss Indaginc you ought to trust me." "It is not mischief to me. It is disgrace to them." "Trust me," he repeated, taking her bauds, poor bony hands that had once been girl's bands, pretty and tiny, a joy to look at. " Trust me. You shall do no harm cither to .yourself or to any one, and Altliea shall never know." "I call her Althea— by iier Christian name— because I knew lier father before she was born. Cteinent Indagino when we were all girls together — oil ! a very long time ago — thirty years ago— when Claudia anil Julia and—" " Good God," cried Laurence, " I believe you must be — quick — who are you?" For now the dreadful thought had ripened to a more dread ful suspicion, and this already to a certain conviction. Who could she be? Why— who cLio could sho he, than — thau — "Quick," he cried again. "Tell me who yon are ?" " Why do you look so strange ?" she asked. " What does it matter to you who I am ?" " Oh," Jie groaned, "if yon knew." " Will you promise— you look as if you. would ho true to your word— will you promise faith fully not to tell Cornelia that you know ?" " Yes, yes, yes, I promise. She shall not know." " Because, after all, she lias done what sho could for me. Her tongue is cruel sometimes, but not always — and only last Saturday she was kinder than usual. She gave me a paper hag full of victuals, and she began to talk all of her own accord about tho old tiine3. 'Florry,' she said — it was such a long timo since she called me Florry that I began to cry — ' Florry ' — — " "You are Florry," cried Laurence. "You are my mother's only sister — Oil ! my God ! you are her sister Florry !" I11 a single moment lie understood tho moan ing of it ; the reason of Cornelia's desire to keep this poor creature and all knowledge of lier from the family ; tho whole miserable history. This was the lost sister whom he was to. discover if possible. And now lie had found her, and she was this starving woman in rags aud destitu tion, paying penalty so dire for her sins and Collies. But the woman shrieked and sank back from bim. Ii this had been 'said and done in the street she would have fled. .' But' in the . room she could not fly. She covereddier face with her hands anil sank upon the ground, where she orouched moaning and crying and sobbing. , Laurence bent over lier and tried to raise her. Nothing but the misery was in his raind. : ",I am your sister's son," lib said. "I am your uephow. Oh ! it is all over— the misery is finished. Don't cry, don't cry. Thank God! I have found you at last. It is all over — all tile starving and misery. Don't cry, oh ! don't cry. I shall take you away and dress you and get you into a better lodging, arid 'I shall carry you out to Australia to my mother, your sister Lucy, whom you loved so much. Don't cry any more. Althea shall come. We will bring you back to happiness agaiu. Lift up your poor head and bo comforted. Now we havo found you we will keep you anil never let you go again. You are Florry — yori are iny ' mother's only sister " So he went 011, saying he knew not what, talk- iug of consolation and comfort— whispering messages of love while the poor woman still wept and cried that now she was punished in- deed since she could no longer hide Iter shame ful head from her innocent sister. Presently he led her trembling and shaking down the stairs aud out into the street. And how he strengthened her with food and bought clothes for her, and refused to leave her until he had established her in a decent lodging where she would he looked after— these things belong to the " Book of tho Passages Left Out." What he found was a creature half mad with want and misery : what he left was a woman, thin and worn, lier soft eyes sad hut not despair ing, her face gentle and calm, the wildness and the horror gone out of it ; her starved and frozen heart opening once more in tho warmth love. But alas ! for such as Florry, who havo never quite lost tho better self ; with lore re turning comes avenging shame. She slept after long years . of liardncss in physical ease. Sho had eaten ; sho had been clothed ; warmth and rest wrapped her about. When sho laid her head upon the pillow she felt still her nephew's arms about her neck ; his kiss upon her clicek ; and she hoard his voice — Lucy's voice— murmuring in her ear. All was over ; all was over ; sho was no longer Sirs. Sinclair, the woman of two pair back in arrears with lier rent ; sho was Florry. Florry again — nnd across tho water Lucy was stretching forth hands of welcome and crying tears of joy. But in tho morning was to como that other Messenger — lie with tho Flwjycllum. 