How the New Turin Works In the North. (From tho Toteiisiulfo Age. February 0.) The great finanoial gonias of tho " Savior of his country " has boou oxcrtod, Sir Thomas Mollwraith has said tho word, and lo ! tho post of living to tiro workingmon with families is increased from six to ton shilling por wook. ThiB particular kind of financing may bo vory clover ; hut wo must confess that wo aro Bomowhat doMont in appreciation of it. An additional contribution of, say, sovon shillings a wook from all working mon with families, and tho sarao amount or nearly so from cap. italists oolIootcdcompulBorily by incanB of tho Custom Honso, is ono way or raising additional rovonuo it is truo ? hut tho particular bril liancy or clovornoss of tho idoa, nono but tho great financior and his friends can fully por- ccivo. And if it bo clovor, it doos not com mend itsolf to our mind as an oquitablo dm- tribntion of tho burdon of taxatiou. Instead of putting, at loast, a part of tho burdon on proporty, or mmplvonland. it is placed chiolly on tho workors— tno producors of tho oolony. In North Queensland instead of tho Govern ment lavyiug a tax on tiro succossfal dividend paying minos, and thas placing a burdon whoro ib could bo borno, thoy placo a dutv on mining maohinory, and thuB tar dividend- paying and struggling concerns aliko. Tho 15 por oont. duty is likely to disoourago enter prise in tho way- of testing now ground, whoroas a gold tax npon successful minos would only bo taking a portion of that to whioh tho Stato has a right. Tho fiscal policy of tho prosont Government oporatos also dirootly againuthnilding and tho improvomont on proporty. A roasonablo tax on land saoh as was contemplated by tho Griffith Govorn mont would havo boon rathor an inducement or inoontivo to utilise land ; bat not so. tho tux imposod by Sir Thomas AlaUwraith in ordor to protoot tlio Alaryborough and Wido Bay sawmillors. A tax amountiug to noarly fifty por oont. is imposed npon foroign timbor. which has tho affoot of raising tho prioo of all tho timbor in tho colony. Tlio highest rato of tariff also upon othor building materials lias tho offaot of making a building cost about ono-third moro than it would havo dono under tho old tariff. In addition to this tho tax upon tho nocossarios of lifo in raising tho prioo of la bour. Tho mon omployod in tho buildingtrado in Brisbano havo ioformod tho master builders that in throo months from tho dato of tho notico thoy will olaim an additional shilling por day ovor what thoy aro receiving at pro sont, owing to tho inoroasod coBt of living. Thus a poor bnt thrifty man, struggling to build and own a homo of his own, is confronted by tho M'llwraith tariff, and that whioh might havo boon pOBslblo undor tho lato tariff may, in somo oasos bo impossiblo now. Thas tbo wago-oarnor Is kept a rent-payer, and nooos- sarily a contributor to tho capitalist who has poor man is kopt poor, and tho rich man mado riahor, which is quito in aooord with tho dootrinos and praotioo of Arilwraithism. It must not bo forgotten also that tho offeot of housoB costing moro to build— othor things boing equal— will ho to raiso ront whioh will of courso fall on tho tenant. Whoro havo wo in North Quoonsland any counterbalancing advantago conforrod by this tariff for the dis advantages it iinposas? Echo unswora— whoro? Wo look in vain. Our building materials aro all imported ; our mining mtv- chiuory is imported ; a groat proportion of our food iu imported, and on all wo havo to pay tho high duty, oitlior to tho Govornmont or tho Southorn vendor. Our gold production is not iuoroasod, but possibly diminished by tho tariff ; it doos not holp, but rathor harms our burdened sugar-plantors ; it is certainly a handicap to tho squattor, whilo it will not in anyway stimulate tiro production of aithor moat or wool ; it hiudors rathor than holps our groon fruit trado with tiro Bouthorn colonios. If tho oloetors will only think out for tbomsolvos tho rosult of this now tariff ; if thoy will caloulato how much moro it costs thora to livo now tlinn undor tbo lato tariff — ono intelligent citizon has dono bo rocontly, and finds tho difforonao 10s. nor wook— they will bo fnlly alivo to tho unsuitablonosB of the tariff for tiro North. Wo do not say that it suits any part of tho oolony ; but it suits tho North least of all. Horo without tho ghost of countervailing advantago mon with families havo to contribute to tho Govorumont from (is. to 10s. por wook moro than undor tho lato tariff. And thoro is no incroaso of wagos and no increased domand for labor. Think of It. 