THE CONDITION AND FUTURE ENGLISH JUDAISM. This subject has been dealt with by a Jow in the .'Jewish Quarterly He VIEW " Ho concludes that English Judaism "is an immense cliao3 of opinions ; wo do not know where we are," and ho himself seems to bo of opinion that "the eternal spirit of man toils in pursuit of ever< receding horizons of truth and morality.'' Of Judaism generally ho writes that "the plutocracy is ennobled and goes over to Christianity, most frequently to the Catholic form of it : tho educated arc chiefly agnostics,and aro not even inspired by that hollow ghost of racial unity which is born of interest iu one another's births, marriages, and deaths ; in Austria the Jewish teachers liavo openly broken with Judaism ; in Australia Judaism is an anrcmic invalid ; in America, even more than in Germany, the boldest, tho most liberal, the purest doctrines of natural religion are preached by salaried Jewish ministers." "Yes, both Biblical and Rabbinical Judaism seem to liavo had their day. The cloak that could not bo torn off by tho tempest of Christianity and peroootifcioT. bids fair to Ijo UlCUWU Off under tho sunshine of rationalism and toleranco." Such is tho testimony of a Jew writing for Jews, and we encounter many of like purport. It is a day in which we ought indeed to pray for the evangelisa tion of "Israel aftar the ilesh." Nor ought we to content ourselves until wo have coupled effort with our prayers. Ltt it never beforgotten thatsoci;illy, commercially, and through the Press, tho Jews are exciting unconscious but very sensible inflnenco upon English thought and character. The cold chill hand of their infidelity will freeze the warmth of our English pro fession of Christianity. -"ROCK." Ia Berlin,great demand has of lats been made upon the booksellers for a small volume which professes to be the truthful life story of Princess Pignatelli. Prin cess Pignatelli is at present thirty-five years old, and has recently appeared at Berlin as a concert-singer, having begun her profession.il career a few years ago at the Scala Theatre, at Paris, whero her first appearance created an unprecedented sensation. Every large newspaper in Paris told of the howls and hisses with which the princess had been received, and in every salon was whispered what the author of tho 'Confessions of my Life' now publishes, namely, that Count Potocki, enraged at his sister-in-law's proceedings, had bribed tho Parisian press with fifty thousand francs to go against the sister of his wife, who had so far forgotten her self as to sing for money on a Parisian stage. Since those days, Princess Pignatelli has been waitress at tho Folios Berggrea and at the MaisonEougo, at "Vienna ; sho has even made attempts at lion-taming, and lately she has . onco begun to earn her living by her musical talents and her voice. 