Ihe glftMer. NEW P30BLBMS. 8,812. fhaiade. by VMti.- Ihe fcun bud rism in >ijlen"t;u- </tr lh- uaiUi, 'ihe balmy air waj lia{;r-<rt with ueHuiu-, All nature sniifetJ. Mi- (vtal in ; Ihe fields resounded Willi tbe toiC4 of uiititi. It WAS ihe fet-t'.val of lurvest IIOIIK ; Youne • nllin 'mir, h'.o trsv^s hart returned ; Hi: heart- w li i!»v<;V. o..cb.ieting ardour I urn»d. /•'.;«' i-^wi jiigt never, r.tvu' n.orc; w uuiil IO.IUI. TN see bis ] f.plirewaa bi^fOnl'K desirn, Fifft. metnul, <hi-d, d*ar iehitim<:<; implnre*, 'J t>f liatxi ot ,/i.t.j h .-- hiv<rt f f hearts adored ; M.-e iJouMful'j- r. Itric-l liiu. to ion aire. £,(. I s re. although viiilihuMio;! hiscon:-cnt, l ! ttwi;in llie l.i'ti j woulj unt inierpiMi;; tut Ccliin and his Pauline, j>or»dness kiMws, .^'o. n .settled tcaitcrs to their Learla' content. KS43. French Quotation Charade, by student : — lU'Culph a' fclapi-lj.jiirj:tL«-ait en tnu^esaea raaniere* MI uir (le giandeur et dp mrij&bte;, que le fai>ait itbfectet dele first. Lc P.-re H&rie; •• A vec taut rieK,- PETil c'ait H-AI pt complvsant; ct Ia jeuicise ia plus er j'juud u'a p int autint d-j ira fs quVn nvait cet honjine can un last au3;i AVF.I'CTJ. " J'adnuie le K/O.V qui convien! 'T UDGENERAL doit lo rt-ndre capable du brttver lux vicissitudes de la fortur.eavec fertrete. Maruioritel. 5,M4 Probe Chatade. by Moiki-man.—As second was about to enter tbe hou;e talking with whole Jout ih ctjat i ved firet ugly dop fifth the third. b.bi5. jNurreriral CharaCe, by OK.—A 113456 toli• tut tbat C>02 ot tis i5t>! bad a C0A2 the colour of u 1 6,c4f. Orthographical Query, by AmetUist.—Find ill.- name of a tiur< ptati city consisting of nine letter*, of which the tir&t; two are the tame as tha last two. 8,817. Dianond Puzzle, l>y B. K. T —I. The fourth fit June. 2. A troui lescme quadruped. 3 A ship's lsditg. 4. One wholnes in seclusion. 6. O,ieviop, amen ting. 6. tiuperafcucdsmce. 7. One whom the Quten delights to honour. 8 To direct, to control, t) Tbe judgment formed of the progress and termination of a oisea'e by its symDtoms. 10. To protect, to btrenMhec, to defend. 11. To suffocate. 12\. A ppbere. 13. A rowel. Tbe centrals read Ccwnwatds form the same as No 13. t>,8i8. Twol'ctid verbal chain, by Cosmos.— Fetablish a communication between WINCHESTER nod SEUASTOPOL by means of intermediate words of t> n le'-teit each, the first two letters of each word to bcthRS-me as the last two letters of the preceding word. Mensuration, by Nutricker.—A regular ptnlSBcn, rceasuiing sis rectus in the side, is cut ihro> gb a plate uf uietal. It i< required to Gad tbe t tight of tbe largest tall of iron th»t can be passed tLiiugh the hole, the specific gravity of the ball btirfj 7 425 AJ1 co'iect answers to the above received before Tue> dby, March 12, will be acknowledged March 10. ANSWERS TO FEUBLEMS PUBLISHED FLIBRUARL 16. AH the problems of that date bave been correctly answered by Mac. 8 8J7. Charade by Investigator—Man—if—old= Mar.ifold.—Correct answers by Grecian, Violet, Tai hiue, M.B, Cosmos, Primrose, Student, L&rk-; £>1 ur, £ met hist. 8,828. Prose Charade, by Columbine—ttest—O - rat—I— oi—Hestoratii li —Correct answers by U.K., Je.'B.iiuine, Polly Kikifes, Grecian. Violet, Daphna, M.K , bnewy. Cosmos, Primrose, Student, Investigator I arlii-pur, Ametbist, F. W. Ward 8 829. Narrative N umerical Chande, by Amethist —Mediterranean.—Correct answers by O K., Jeasin'.ine, Polly Hikiks, Grecian, Violet, M. A. Dowd, Paiihiip, M. B., Snowy, Cosmos, Primrose, Student, InveEtitatcr, Larkspur, Columbine, F. W. Ward. 8.MO. Six hidden musical composers, by Violet— 1 Ui-ndel, 2 Verdi, 3 Bach. 4 Anbtr. G Wallacx, 6 Rpnhr.—Correct answers by Jessamine (4), Polty Hints. Grecian, Daphne, M.B,, Snowy, Cosmos, Piin rrpe, i-tudent, Investigator, Larkspur (5), Columbine, Ametbist, F. W. Ward. 8 Kit. Double-licked endless Verbal Chain, by Cosmos —It was required to reproduce tbe word G HUSTl >y means of time intermediate words, tbe first two letters of each word to be the same aa the last two of each preceding word, as tbis :— GHOST STONE NEGRO BOUGH GHOST —Correct answers by Polly Bikiks, Grecian, Bapbne. M.U., Student, Investigator, Columbine, 6 methist. Musing Letter Puzzle, by Sis Cats — " Never trouble trouble till trouble troubles you." —Coirectaa&weis; by O.K., Polly HiKiks, Grecian, Crtrnos, Student, Ametbist. 8.833. Arithmetical, by Patience—The twelve men would trench twelve mas in seven hoars.—Correct arsv eis Viy M. GrtoD, Daphne, Nutcracker, Badlua, Kappa, F. W. Ward. 8,831- Astronomical, by Radius—Mara would be in opposition to tbe sun at intervals of 779*88 + days. —Correct answers by M. G:een, Nu'.cracker, Kappa, F. W. Ward. NOTES AND CORRESPONDENCE. Hie new problems, Sc., sent by the following ccnhibutors are acknowledged with thanks—Mac, M. Greet), Polly Bikiks, Columbine, Violet (2). DEFINITIONS. Our readers were invited to furnish definitions in verse or prose of the following words :—Idiot, Impostor, Infant, Innovator, Insurrection, Irony ; the vei>es not to exceed eight lines, and the prose definitions not to exceed forty words. We publish the following tbis week :— INNOVATOR. What fa an innovator do you ask me ? Look at that blusterer wbo jiut has past me. •b all thines topsyturvy turns, or would do If enly if so be an how he could do. Be i.i a i evolutionist; you'd better cut 'im Or be will cut yonr throat as dead as mutton. I bave the honor to be— BILLY BUTTON. INSURRECTION. Sedificn, rebellion, a tow, a revolt, The bucks and tbe bounds of a cockatoo's colt Defying the cockney's correction. Careerinp through scrub ia a colt Thunderbolt, Or a fire away colt Insurrection. And fiery young colts when revolving in bolls Btmifd me of armB or of wiry wee solvers That riddle and rattle colt*a fiery revolvers. JO MURNA. WOICOBNFC. When little urchins at a school. Despite of all correction, Bebal against tbe teacher'a lule; That is an insurrection. When grown up urchins break the laws Designed for their protection ; U bn<-e their bettera without cause, That is an insurrection. LAUKSPUR. The effect produced by men In authority putting dov.n their foot too heavily, taxing an induatrious people, and thus causing them to rise and overthrow their tyrants. B. S. S. A row In the kitchen, occasioned by the refusal of mfBBus to entertain the protest of cook. Bridget, Mary Jane, tbe scullery-maid, and Jennies against cold mutton, mock tuitle soup, and asparagus on Fridays. COLUMBINE. IBOKY. 1 he art or the venom of lauding a work When politely conveying offence. Tre crotchety critic's critique with a amirk, "You've an onion with B-union— like scent." A lingual sti'etto, whose wounds seldom hsal Without leaving a sensitive tear. 1 be remark tc a toper describing a real, " You re an ornament, sir, to the bar." JO MURNA. WOKURNA. A conversation between Mesdames Teigh and Cnfleif>h full of sweet words, the speakers all the time hating each other. SNOWT. A grateful people raising a tower to Parliament House and placing a large bell therein to be tolled daiTv, called Bis Tom. B. S. S. A Blunt Phyaician.—" Let me 8ee your tongue, madam, please,'" said the doctor, and he added, facetlouely, aa the reqaeBt waa complied with, " It is not neoesaary to expose the entire length of it." The indignant patient drew in ber tongue and gave the ihonghtleea young physician a piece of it. A St, Louis doctor has removed tho brains from a dczen different froes, and healed the wound and let them go. They went off aa if nothing bad happened ont of the usual, and it was plain that they had lost nothing of value. A frog which depended on his brains instead of hiB legs would stand a mighty poor ehow in a pnddle near a echoolhonse. Night prowlers both.—Mamma and baby bave stepped out on tbe terrace to see whether the cook has forgotten to give tbe cat its dinner. They fonnd pussy engaged in cleaning np its plate, in which operation it is ae&iated; by an immense tomcat. " Wherever can that creature bave oome from," enquires mam, and the baby makes answer: " Why, that'8 pnsBy's poliseman 1" Mrs. Lofty: The organist at oar church ia tbe most stupid fellow in the world, and is always playing the moBt inappropriate selections. Why at Carrie Curfew's wedding he played ' Trust her not, she's fooling thee.' The very idea!" Mrs. Posted: "Stupid ! Indeed he is not. He was once engaged to Carrie himself, aod ehe jilted him. fie knew what he was about when he selected that tune," About seven years ago George W. Mitchell, falling against a cactus plant, one of its thorns entered the calf of his leg. Several weeks later the thorn'was withdrawn from a swelling on his chin. This story is a welcome change from the old newspaper item abont a girl running a needle into her thumb, which caused her no pain nntil six years subsequently, when it was removed from the ankle of her eister-in-law: but it u abont aB hard on a man's credulity. Arthur, who is forbidden to speak at the table, bad his revenge the other evening, Aa dinner began be was uneasy, and finally said, " Ma, can't I speak juat one word ?"— " You know the rule, Arthur."—" Not one word ?"—" No, Arthur, not nntil your father finishes the paper." Arthur subsided nntil tbe paper waa finished, when he was asked what lie wished to say. " Ob, nothing; only Korah put the enstards outside the window to cool, and the cat haB been eating them up." The following anecdote is told by Mr. A. £ Chambre, an official, in a lecture on " Her AlejtEty's Poet-office:"— A registered letter addresBfrt to "Tbe Pretty Young Lady, 9 street, Dulwich," and bearing the Lisbon t eat-mark, waa received at St, Martin's-leo'rand. Enquiries were made, and it waa fcucd that several young ladies lived at No. '•>. A lively controvery was expected. The lctt( r «raa delivered, but the difficulty was eolved by the fair oce who happened to receive it signing tbe receipt thus:—" The Pretty Young Lady." On opening it sho found a proposal of marriage, couched in broken Portuguese. Her adorer had seen her at the Crystal Palace 1 