Footlight Flashes. (Bt thb ' Spectre.') The great dramatic event of the week has, of coarse, been the production o Captain Swift at the Boyal, and we may ' 'well throw ui- our hats and rejoice over the event, for it iB not often that we get a real live drama, by an Australian author, accepted as a success by the Australian public. Without in any way. deprecating the merits ot Captain Swift, I think that I ' nay certainly be pardoned for suggesting that the success of the play in London has had not a little to do with its enthusiastic reception here. Australians are naturally flattered by the idea that a Colonial author has been able to make his mark iu the great metropolis, and to pass triumphantly through the scathing fire of criticism iu the great centre of dramatic art;. One thing, though, is morcdly certain, that if . Mr. Haddon Chambers, with all his talent, had remained in Australia, and had ex hausted all his beat efforts in Droducing a play whioh should have been oven ten times better than Captain Swift, the Aus tralian managers would have simply sneered at it aa a Colonial production, and the Australian publio would have refused to recognise any merit in a purely Colonial production. However, these little comments are simply by the way, and have nothing to do with the criticism of Captain Swift which I started off to write. In the first place, it is a mistake to suppose that Captain Swift is en Australian drama, except iu the sense that it is written by an Australian author, for the scene is laid in England, and were it not for the fact that Captain Swift is supposed to have been a bushranger in Queensland, the play wonld have no con nection whatever with the colonies. He is a fine fellow this Captain Swift, as repre sented! by Mr. Chas. Warner, and I oould not help feeling a certain sneaking kind of fondness for him, in spite of the faot that it is considered very wrong and wicked by society to encourage crime in any shape or form. But as even Gardiner, the man who was supposed to have been most injured by - Swift, forgave him nobly, I suppose that I may be pardoned for doing so also. He spared Gardiner's life when in the buah, and in return Gardiner stood by him, and endeavoured to extricate him from the trials in which he became involved. after a short residence in England. It was very . unfortunate for the Captain that he chose England as a refuge, after he had success- . fully escaped from the Queensland police, imdit waB still more unfortunate that he should have, happened to visit the .very country honse where his mother lived, and where an ancient family servant, the only man who could identify him, resided. ? ? ? This servant, Marshall, is the only ele ment of comedy in the piece, and the only character at whom the audience had tbe ghost of a show of laughing. For an Aus tralian audience always wants to laugh at something, and thinks it is being cheated ont of ita due rights if a funny man is not inoluded in the caste. Therefore, the audience at the Boyal seized every oppor tunity of laughing at Marshall, whom Mr. Phillips certainly makes very funny, and the end of the tirBt act, where Swift first recognises Gardiner, is somewhat spoilt by the laugh oreated by Marshall's peculiar appearance looking over the back of the piano. This detracts from the effect of Captain Swifts embarrassment and hesitation at meeting Gardiner, which really ought to be the climax of the scene. The love business, with the aid of lovely maidens, in lovely gowns, is well worked np throughout the whole of the pieae, and the two principal characters, Captain Swift and Gardner, fall in love almost simultaneously and continue in love with the utmost persistency throughout the whole of the play. They both, of course, get engaged, the one to Mabel Seabrook and the other to Stella Darbeyshire. I ' rather envied Swift his luck iu winning the heart of Stella, who looked simply adorable, but then, poor fellow, it did not help him muoh in the end. Gardner's love affair was commonplace and successful beside Swiff s, for somehow or other it is al frays unhappy love which excites the most sympathy in . the human breast. Perhaps btcatue we have- all been there ourselves. . ??'.?a. m * ? ' \- There are other people in the play be : aidts the ladies, about whom I have been, tempted to say so muoh. Harry .S^abrcjok,: tad his yfftther, plain; Mr. 'Seabrook, get . mixed uji Wgooajdeal in the Iplot, and Sirs. Seabrook, as the motheir of the noted ' bushranger, has a lot to say about it. In (net, she is in a continuous state of half reongnition, of her son, although it is not vital towards the end of the play that she really discovers that this man Wilding, whom she has entertained qb a stranger from Queensland, is her Bon. About the same time she alao finds out that he is the notorious bushranger, Captain Swift. The ? inevitable detective likewise appears to waxdp the latter, end of the play, and being put . on ,i the scent by the comic man servant, starts out with the intention^ of making bis name apdj fortune by arresting Swift. He doaen't get the chance, how ever, for Swift does the only thing pos sible ' under .' the,' ; oircumstances, and oomniits suicide, falling dead in the arms of hia friends, and the curtain goes down otiia heart-broken mother, who has learnt only too late to love hereon. # # # Taken as a whole the piece has beenoast remarkably well, for Mr.; Warner suoceeds in placing before us exactly our ideal of what Captain Swift, a oivilisedbushranger, ought to be.' He shows us a mau yet young ana in full vigour, striving to cover over the misdeeds of his past life with the thin veneer of sooiety polish. He manages to do this well, and would have lived happy andrespccted ever afterwards had it not been for the unfortunate chain of accidents * which the exigencies of modern drama rendered necessary for his discovery. In Mr.Flemming, as Gardiner, the QuoonBland squatter, we have a charactor of a very different mould, an honourable man and a trusted friend, who stioks by the unfor tunate criminal with that honour whioh is innate' in « very truo English gentleman. Mr. Flemming brings out all these points well, and adds much to tho success of the . piece.: Mr. H. H. Vincent, aB Mr. Seabrook, and Mr. It. Stewart, junior, as Harry Seabrook, do all that is required of them in the most unexceptional manner. _ \As to the ladies, well they are simply a vision of lovely frocks of all shades and patterns, flitting continuously through tne piece. Miss Ada Ward infused a good deal of pathos into her delineation of Mrs. Sea brook, but she stops short at a certain , point, and is hardly strong enough in tha : more emotional scenes. MisB' Graoie j Warner looked extremely pretty as Stella, j and-wore the most charming dresses, which were quite enough to make any man fall in love. The piece was mounted in the ' ' most superb manner, and Mr. Brua&on; excelled himself in his scenio painting, tho conservatory scene, got up. in Moorish style, being especially effective. ^ The great -spectacular production of Youth has attained ita jubilee at Her Majesty's, and to celebrate this great event the management, with most alarming generosity, distributed a number of souvenirs on Saturday night. The souvenirs consisted of watches, jewellery, &c.;, and were distributed amongst the various parts of the house on a sort of lottery principle, whioh was very satis factory to those who got a prize, whilst those who didn't were solaced by the fact that their tickets were available for use on another night, and that they would once more be enabled to Bee Bignold perform horoio deeds 'of valour on a livery stable charger. On Saturday night there is to be a grand change of programme, when a new version | of Mr. Barnes of New York, called The Ven detta, ia to be produced. ?m m ' ? The Associated Italian artists are hold ing their heads above water nobly, and ' now that Madame Lablache has fortunately recovered from her indisposition II Trova tore has run along gaily in the presence of good audiences. Faust is to be produced to-night, and if the company only goes on as it has commenced, a long and prosperous season seems to await them. ? ? ' ? The Gaylord and Silbon troupe made a big jump when they shifted their quarters from the Gaiety Theatre to the great Ex hibition Building, but the result of the change has fully justified the enterprise of Messrs. Hiscocks and M'Mahon. The Gaiety Theatre was too small, not only for the audiences, but for the performers, who were terribly handicapped by having to perform their feata right close up to the roof of the Gaiety. In the lofty Exhibition Building, however, there is plenty of room, and Walter Silbon was enabled to make his sensational dive from the root into a net, a feat which it was impossible to per form at the Gaiety. And talking of thiB building, Mr. M'Mahon told me a curious experience which he had the other day when endeavouring to get the plaoe fitted up for the show. He had to get the gas fittings altered, and for that purpose engaged an enterprising gasfitter, who came up and calmly surveyed the roof of the building— from the floor. Secure in the consciousness that his bill was run ning all the time, the gas man sat down and waited, whilst all the while the acrobats were climbing about the roof like monkeys, fixing up the elaborate gear re quired for their trapezes. Finally M'Mahon got tired of watohihg the sitting gasman, and asked him why he did not go to work. And then this noble specimen of a N.S.W. workman burst out crying and said, ' I dursen't, sir ; I ain't like one ef those d ? acrebats, able to climb about like monkeys.' There seemed to be very little chance cf getting any gas for the show, but at last M'Mahon hit on a happy compromise, and a net wasBtretched under the man, after which he consented to go to work. ' ? : ? The'Alhambra show is. still prospering greatly down the Haymarket way, and the company haB been considerably added to, . bo that the neyr programme which was put on . on . Monday night was one . of . the strongest which I have seen at this house for some time past. C. Faning, Alf. James, C. Bovis, and W. Cottier are particularly good in their funny business, and the ladies are all charming, and sing and dance well. The farce called Mistakenly a Cuff, winds the performance up. * ? ? The Cbiterion Theatre. At the Criterion Theatre an exceptionally strong company is delighting the patrons of the theatre by the production of In Honour Bound andForbiddenFru.it. Strange to say, although the caste includes so many high favourites with Sydney au diences, the business is only middling. In Honour Bound, an adaptation from Eugene Scribe's 'Une Chaine,' forms an agree able first part. The seene is laid in a room in tie house of 8ir George Carlyon, Q.C., M.P. The master of the house is busy looking over his briefs, when _ Phillip Grahame, an old friend of the family, who has been absent from England for some time, enteis. From the subsequent conversation we (rather that Phillip's absence has been caused through an inten tion to avoid an entanglement with the wife of a friend, and also that he is now engaged to a young Australian lady whom he met on the voyage home. Further revelations prove that this young lady is the neice of Sir George, who is also her guardian, and is at that time at the theatre with her aunt, Lady Carlyon. We also get some inkling that the aunt is the lady who Phillip had fled England to avoid. This suspicion iB confirmed when Sir George tells him that he must keep the two women apart, and entirely break off with the old love. Shortly afterwards the ladieB return, and Bose Dalrymple, Phillip's fiancee, having promised to meet him as a stranger, Lady Carlyon is left in ignorance of. ' their relationship. She is ' visibly ^affected at seeing Phillip, but succeeds i in: 'passing it' off. The ladies aro- -.left in the room for a little while, and LadyCarlyon, falling asleep on the sofa, is;left thereby her neice. shortly afterwards the gentle man return, aud imagining that bo one is in the room, continue talking of Phillip's love affaire. Sir George insists that he must have proof that the old entangle ment is all over in a letter'from the lady. PhilNp protests, and Lady Carlyon, awakened by the conversation, hears ? him say that he does not care for her at all. This avowal forces tho cry ' Phillip'' from her, which discloses- her' presence in the room. She feigns sleep, and that she was dreaming, but her husband's suspicions are aroused. While he is absent for a few moments an explanation be tween the, other two . takes place, and she, . not knowing who _ is to see it, and- not waiting Phillip's explana tion, writes the letter which her husband requires. Sir George returning, the truth is explained. Phillip is foroed to read the letter, but does not disclose the writer's name. An unfortunate exclamation by Lady Carlyon, however, indicates that, and ?her husband, obtaining possession of the epistle, does not read it, but expresses himself satisfied I and burns the letter. After the necessary explanations the our tain drops. This forms a very bright little first part'and it is admirably played. Mr. G. S. Titheradge, as Sir George Oar lyon, gave an excellent pourtrayal of the character, and seized what few opportuni ties he had for strong acting. . Che only suggestion' for improvement whioh could be made is in that nart where he burns his wife's letter. There is no necessity for the little speech in whioh he prefaces ? that action, and the effeGt would bo improved it ho left it out. Phillip Grahame was well placed in the hands of Mr. Boucioault. Ab Lady Carlyon, Mrs. Brough wa3 very fine, | and particularly in those portions where she awakens from her sleep and after wards in the explanation with Phillip and the last scone. ? ft * *? . Forbidden Fruit, by Dion Bouoioault, is.,: not a big success, and in the hands ot nny but a first-clasB- company would fall flat. ' But the company at the Criterion is first- - rate, 'and succeeds in squeezing out every bit of fun in the comedy, with the result the production is very passable. It is the old story of the gay husbands who plan to have a gay time and deceive their wiveq, but are, by a series of unfortunate accidents, prevented. Zuluis the cause of it all. She is a flying fairy of the trapeze, who has an in tense desire to gain notoriety. It seems to her that if she can only become a witness in a_ great scandal case then on she will attain her wish, and to do so calls on the counsel in the case. She seeB Mr. Cato Dove, the. junior, and is getting on very nicely when Sergeant Buster, the senior, arrives, and she has to leave. Buster immediately sees some fun, and persuades Dove to join him in a night out, with a Bupper for four, themselves, Zulu, and a laoy friend, at Cremorne. To explain their absence to their wives they write notes saying that they have been called to Not tingham and cannot be home that night. But unfortunately both wives come in and get the notes. Mrs. Buster, who iB used to these sudden cilia of ? business, decides that she will take her husband in charge, and let Mr. Dove do the_ work at Nottingham. Both wives insist' on going to the railway station to see them off. At the railway . station numerous complications ensue. Among other little inoidentB Zola appears, and throws confusion on them by recognising them while their wives are present. Also, after Mr. Dove has been carefully started for Nottingham, with a ticket to the first stopping place in his pocket, Mra. Dove's brother, just returned from some part of the world, meets her on the platform. They plan a jolly evening together, to: finish up with a supper - at Cremorne Garden. That little supper for four, suggested by Sergeant Buster, is a very cad affair. Mr. Cato Dove, after driving about all night in the rain, arrives first, and is shortly joined by Buster, who has run away from the opera to say he cannot join the party. The ladies do not appear, and Cato Dove has supper by himself. Meanwhile, his wife and her brother are at supper in the other room. D -vo, find ing this out, becomes nearly frantic, aad spends a happy time watching the sup pesed stranger and his wife through the &ey-hole; and listening to their endearing conversation. Then he disguises himself, and waits on them. Through his misbe haviour he is discovered, and explanations follow. But, unfortunately, just then Zulu appears. Dove disappears, and she follows him. Things are looking sultry when Sergeant Buster, who has eluded hia wife, comeB in to find Sirs. Dove in the room alone. Mrs. Buster follows shortly after, and finding her husband and Mrs. Dove in a room together, falls into a natural error, and meantime Zulu has followed Dove into the other supper-room, and they're having an explanation too. However, the long lost brother saves them all. He takes charge of Zulu, and this difficulty being out of the way the hus bands are able to explain matters to the satisfaction of their wives. Mr. G. W. Anson has in Sergeant Buster a character which he revels in. He succeeds in making his representation sufficiently broad, with out giving the slightest ground for objec tion. Ail through the piece, whenever he is on, he succeeds in keeping the audience well amused. Mr. Brough, the unhappy Cato Dove, who attempts to taste for bidden fruit against his will, was uniformly good throughout, and Mr. Hans-Phillips, as Captain Derringer (the brother), suc ceeds in doing what he has to do well. Mr.' Holman had a small part aa Podd, Dove's clerk, and succeeded in scoring hia points. Mrs. Brough, as Mrs. Cato Dove, and Miss Myra Kemble as ' Mrs. : Buster, played the wives of the giddy barristers to perfection. But Zulu was nice. . Miss Pattie Browne . always is. nice in. any charaoter, .and as Zuln she is just charming^ All life and go, and dressed to : suit the. character, she ia just the Zulu that the. author intended. Miss Bessie Major has not muoh to do as Julia Perkins, the barmaid, but such a barmaid would be a fortune to any hotel keeper. Mr. Owen Harris, Mr. G. Bryant, and Mr.* Clifford took the parts cf the waiters, Mr. Chichester the p»ter, Mr. Findlay the guard, and Mr. Wallace the cabman, and what little they had to do waa done welL Seldom if ever has auoh a strong comedy company appeared before a Sydney audience, and whoever goes to Bee them may rest assured that the perfor mance will be a very fine one. ? ? ? To Theatrioals, Leoturers, aad Others.— The Adelphi Theatre, High-street, West Mailtaiid. The above Theatre, just com pleted, is now To Let. The building is built of briojr, and _ the auditorium is 90ft. x 70ft , furnished with 400 Austrian ohairs. The hall will seat 1000 persona. Tha eta^e is 40ft. by 70ft., and fitted up regardless of cost. For terms apply Geo. Galton, West Maitland, or W. T. Poulton, West Maitland.* 