THE TABERNACLE OF ISRAEL. An interesting lectiiro on the nbovo subject was (lo- uvered in tho Centenary Congregational Church, Harris-street, Pyrmont; last evening, by Mr. L. Abramowilch, a converted Jew. Mr. B. Short pre- sided. Mr. Abramowitch said he had boen greatly perplexed as to how he should dolivcr his lecturo, and only take two nights to it ; but after snmo timo ho detormined to just trout with tho Tnbernaclo itself, and prove from it that Jesus of Nazareth is tho Messiah of tho Jews, as typified by tile Tabernacle and its services. The lecturer had tho nsBistnnco of u very noatly made model of the building possessed by the chairman, Looking at tho Tnbernaclo (said tho lecturer), it. is 6cen to consist of threo parts-Titbornncle of tho Holy of Holies, tho Congregational section, and the outer part. Tho Sanctuary contained tb rea pieces ; they wero tho Ark, the Tables of Stono, and tho Mercy Scat. Tho tabernacle of ' tho congregation contained threo parts, which wero tho Tnblo of tho Showbroad, the Candlestick, and tho Golden Altar. Tho pieces contain Dd in tito outer court were tho Bruxon altar, with its support, and another smaller thing. It is wall known that the Israelites at that time referred to did not have any knowledge of tho AVord of God. Mose* and tho High Priests wero tho only ones who knew anything about it; for no sooner hud Moses gone up to tho Mount to rocoivo tho commandments than tbepeoplo asked Aaron to muko them gods to worship. Tho Jews say that tho propio could only worship tho Lord at tho Tabernacle or tho Temple ana nowhere else. Moses, tn constructing tho Tabernacle, began it with tho works that Christ should perform right up to tho Cruci fiction, so that in thu four doors of tho T'abornaolo uro seen tho attributes of tho Trinity. Tho curtain of tho outer court was covered with work called " Cherubims." Tho work was of threo colours, being blue, scarlet, and crimson. Tho blue represented God tho Father, who is said to bu in tho houvens, which aro blue. Tho scarlet is tho Son, ns it represents the blood, and tho purple is tho Holy Ghost, which is looked upon as tho King robed in purple At tho time ol' tho Feast of tho Pussover and Fenticost Day tho crush of peoplo nt tho Tabernacle was so great that all thu entrances had to ho used, tho number being threo. Tho first things seen insido tho Tabernacle were four pillara, tho spaces botweeu which wero ngain representations of tho Trinity. There wus also another curtain ot' the same colours us tho iirst, and which represented tho samo thing. Tho two outer colours could not blend, and so the middle colour mado tho three unite. Tho lecturer then described the other things about tho Tabernacle, representing tho Trinity, after which ha adjourned his address till to-morrow evening, when it will be resumed. Major Dano delivered his lecture "itamblos among the ititins of tho Seven Churches of Asia," in St. George's Hall, Newtown, last evoniiig. There was a large audience, and a high appreciation of tho lecturo wau evinced. 