Chips and Chaff. T-The Bpiino Passion.—" I would be obliged to you if you. would' take your foot off my seal-. skin oloik,"said a lady in a horso-car. "Madame, you Have been swindled. I am'in the business That cloak is plush." I Pohte clerk (diowinggoods)—" Here is some-^ thing I would like to call your attention toj' lady, .. It's the very last thing out" ^ Mrs.' Bounder (absently)—-"If there's anything out later than my husband 111 take it, if only for a curiosity." LieX. Time, 11 a.m.—Mother: "Nowmrnd, Johnnie, there's a ghost in that dark closet guarding the jam!" Johnnie trembles violently and commences to water at the mouth. Lie II. Time, 2 p.m.—Johnnie': 44 Ob, mamma. The ghost has eaten half of the jam." Hunting Item.—Hunter—44 Well, farmer, you told us your place was a good place for bunting; now we have tramped it for three hoars and found no game." Fanner—"Just bo: I calculate, as a general thing, the leBS game there is the more hunting you have, so I don't seo what yon are kicking about." A Love Match.—Miss Vivacity: 44 So Miss Pretty girl is to be married, I hear?" Miss Acidity: "That is what I am told." Miss V.: "Is it a lore match ?" Miss A.: " Certainly.! She always loved money, and I understand that the unfortunate gentleman has plenty of it." Touche (airily) t " What, working old man ? I'm justloff for the dog show " Bilious (wear ily: 44 Wfcat prize are yoo trying for?" Touche (angrily): " Well, sir I'm not entered in ,the patpy list, at any rate!" Bilious (promptly): 4' Thanks, awfully. That gives my pup a walk Mrs. van Alatyne was engaging a cook yes terday in a Sixth Avenue employment bureau,I and after the: details of the engagement had been arranged got down to kitoben etiquette. "Now, Alojsa," she said, '5 how many followers have you?". <" Only one, maam, an' he's little and wake and don't ate much." On bis arrival at a fashionable watering- I place Hcrr A-—met HerrB and his family about to return to Berlin with bag and bag gage. A.: " What! Going baok to town so soon? Why, the season is sot over yet." B. (whose two daughters have become engaged) : 4 VWhat's the good of staying any longer P I've sold out." Saved feom a-Boycott.—" So yon are mar ried !" exclaimed one, as they met in front of I the post-office 44 Yes." " And to Mr. Blank ?", 44 Yes." 41 But I thought you broke your #n gagement with him f* > 411 did—almost, but I he threatened to have me boycotted, and 11 thought it best to marry him." Grandmamma had been explaining to the little girl how our earth is kept from flying off into infinite space by the attraction of the son', which is constantly trying to draw the earth towards itself, while the latter always keeps the distance. "Grandma," Baid the little girl " I should think the sun would get dis couraged after a while and let it go." Little Golden Locks, to h»r sister's affianced, , who is waiting in the parlour: 44 G:d loves me | more than He does Marie." "How do .you I know, little one, that He loves you more?" | 44 Benauao He gives me golden hair for nothing, and she has to rub hers with some stuff in a I bottle, and sit ever so long in the sun to make it like mine. That's the reason eho's so long coming down." A lady living in Ohio is the mother of six beys. One day a friends calling on her said: 44 What a pity that one of your boys was not a girl." One of the boys, about eiiht years of age, overheard this remark, and promptly interposed: " I'd like to know who'd 'ubin er. I wouldn't 'a bin 'er; Ed. wouldn't a' bin 'erJoe wouldn't 'a bin 'er, and I'dlike to know who'd 'a bin 'or." "■'/A minister's little daughter, who had been to" church for the first time, and heard hor father preach, was questioned by him on reach ing homo as-to how fibo. likedthe sermon. There was an embarrassed silence; then the little maid, tired out with the long strain of being good,".and yet anxious not to offend' in any way made answer, with a little long-drawn breath of. patient resignation, 41 You preached awful long, papa, but I beared it." The Statesman and tiie Reporter.—Emi nent statesman (walking np toreportor)—44 My face is familiar to you, I presume ? ' Eeporter 441 have certainly seen you somewhere, and yet I cannot exactly " Eminent statesman— 1 44 There is no use in trying ' to* keep«anything from tho watchful eye of a reporter. You.rccog niacme, of course, as Congressman Blunk ?" Reporter—144 Why, so it is, may I inquire, sir, the object of your visit to our locality ?" Emi nent statesman (with dignity)—44 You may say, sir, that I am p:Hsing through hero in a qniot way and as far usposiblouvuidingpublicity."— i Chicago Tribune. _ .* 