f CHILDREN'S HOVELS. In addition to Mrs. Burnett's many other claims to admiration as a novelist, sho is known and loved by , thousands of what we may call the juvenile reading public as the author of that exquisite child's novel " Little Lord Fnuntleroy." She will add to the sense of grateful recognition in tho mind of her young readers by the two storio3 she has pub lished together in this volume. " Sara Crowe" is n capital story of child-suffering, brightened and cheered by imagination and hopo which color the dull and unpleaaaut surround ings with the brightest hues of fancy— fancy ' which is in the end delightfully realised. There is a good deal of pathos and humor in tho story together with character sketching and human Interest, and yet all tho while everything is Been through the medium of the eyes and the sentiments of a young child. The other story is similar iu this respect, but it all turns on a single incident. This, it must be admitted, is a very improbablo one, but it is told so prettily and so humorously that the reader is delighted to widen the sphere of probability " for tbiR occasion only '' to let Mrs, Burnett say just what sho pleases. It is the story of a little girl who has heard the in cident of a burglary, and whoso greatest dread is that if burglars come to her father's house they will alarm and. frighten her mamma. At last she i9 disturbed by a midnight noise which tells nor that a burglar actually has come, and she gets . out of bed and goes downstairs to plead with him. And this is tho way the incident is told : —"Imagine tho astonishment of that burglar when, on hearing tho door open, he turned round and found himself looking at a Blender little girl, in a white-frilled night gown, and with bare feet, a little girl whose large brown eyes rested on him in a by no moans unfriendly way. 'I'll be polite to him,' Edithn had said as sho was cording downstairs, 'I am Bure he'll bo more obliging if I am very polite. Miss Lane soya politeness always wins its way.' So the first words she Bpoke wero as, pollto as she conld make them. 4 Don't bo frightened,' she said in ft soft voice ; 4 1 don't want to hurt you : I came to ask a favor of. you.' The burglar was so amazed that ho actually forgot ho was a burglar and staggered back against the wall. I think ho thought at first that Editha'was n little ghost. 4 You see I couldn't hurt you if I wanted to,' she went on, wishing to encourage hini, ;4 I'm too little. I'm only seven— and a little over— and I'm not going to scream be cause that would waken mamma' and that's just what I don't want to do.' That did encourage the burglar, hut still lie was so astonished that ho did not know what to do. 'Well, I'm blowod,' ho said in a whisper, 'if this ain't a rummy go.' . . 'The rummiest go,' be said, in his uneducated way. 4 An' sho hain't a-goin' to 'urt rae. Oh, my bcye.'" Tho Btory goeB on to tell how Editha explains her anxiety about her mamma and begs that " if you are going to burgle, would you please burgle as quietly as you can, bo that you won't disturb her," and how ho inquires sympatbisingly if he finds his "business a good one," and if he would "really rather bo a burglar than anything else." For tunately tho burglar has a humorous sido to him and ig able to enter into the spirit of the little episode, which is admirably bold through out. Tho hook is lull of amusement and of education in humanity for the young readers for whom it is designed. 