THE' 'FROZEN: PIRATE. ::BY . OLARKE RUSSELL,. Author of ' The Wreck of the Grosvenor 'The Lady efaud,' ~, A Sailor's Sweet'. heart,! Etc.' Osnara 'XXV-TI . AXTaounsED BY T·;: ToosTs OF THE TeasunmE. Thei weight 'of the ; wind, in the rigging steadied - the schooner, somewhat, and pre sented :.her from rolling , too: heavily .to starboard, whilst her list corrected hlier larboaid rolls. So as I sat below she seemed to me to .'be making tolerably g?ood weather: of it. N. ot much water came aboard; n ow and again I would hear the clatter of a fall forwards, but at comnfortably long intervals. I sat against the dresser with may back upon it, and being dead tired mut. have dropped asleep on a sudden--indeed, before I had half smoked my pipe out, and I do not believe I gave a thought to my situation before. I: slumbered, :so wearied was I. The cold, awoke me.. ,The fire Was out. and 'so. 'was' the candle in. the'., lanthorn, ad I was in ~oflinu darkness. This the tinder-box speedily remedied. I'-. looked at my watch---seven o'clock, as I was a sinner! so that. my sleep -had lasted be tweme three and four hours.: -I irent on deck' and found the snight stillf black upon the sea, theh wind the same brisk gale thatlwas- blowing vlwhnen I quitted'the l helm,,the'seas nolieavier, tand the .schooner tumbling in true Dutch fashion; upon' it.- I looked very- earnestly around but could see ,i inoesigifj'ofiice.-?ltered weould bedaylight: resently, so Iwosit below lighted th faro;;':": andlgot se slcest,. snail nheseaI retnsieod' 'tflit ,urit-vw ?(apksndfthcseaamibloh.to ius furtb~treaches.. ''' ' '. ". [ It was a fine wintry piece; the sea :green and running in ridges. with frothing heads, -. the 'sky very .'pale amongithe'-dark snow laden clouds, the sun darting a ray now and , again, which was swung into the north by the shadows of the clouds until they extinguished it. Remote in the north westhung the gleam of an iceberg; therewas nothing else in sight. Yes-sotmething that comforted sme exceedingly, though it was not very many days ago that a like object had heavily scared m?e-an albatross, a noble' bird, sailing on the windward close enough to be shot. The. sight of this living thing was inexpressibly, cheering;' it put into mlly head- a fancy. of ships being :at haud, thoughts of help and of human companions. In truth, my inmagination was - willing .to accept it as the same, bird that I had frightened away when in the boat, now re turned to silently reproach me for my treat ment of it. N-ay, my lonely eye, my sub dued and suffering heart might even'rhave witnessed the good angel of my life in that solitary shape of ocean beauty, and have deemed that, thongh, unseen, it had been with me throughout, and was now made visible to my gaze by tie light of hope' that hadbrokeninto its darkness of my' adventure. Well, supposing it so, I' should not have been the only man who ever scared his good angel away .and found it faithful after wards. - I unlashed the tiller and got the schooner. before the wind 'and steered until a little before noon, letting her drive dead before the sea, which carried her north-east. Then securing dthe helm amidships I ran for the quadrantandwhilst waiting for the sun to show himself I observed that the vessel held her self very .steadily before the wind, which might have been owing td her high stern and great swell of her sides and her round bottom ; but be the cause What it might, she ran as fairly with her helm amidships Is if I had been at the. tiller to check her, a most fortunate condition of my natvigition, for it privileged me to get about other work, whilst, at the same time, every hour was onvceyingme nearer tothe track of ships and further from the bitter regions of the south. .I got an observation and made out that the vessel had driven about fifteenleagues during the night. She must do better than that, thought I;' and when I had eaten some dinner I' took a chopper, and going oni to the forecastle, lay out, upon the bowsprit, and after beating the spritsailyard 'block clear of the ice,cut away the bgakets that confined bestlasoisil-to thayaed,- htesrtl)l besting, the ;, fell!':i;e° inoand borae ·!tbsd- .yi;dtFC ? squiae, and, the ind, presently 'citcite lim6li6 _ e. exposed part of the sail, blew luore of it'out,": and yet more, until there wasa surface show-' , ing; thes to a sudden hard blast of 'iind. the whole sail flew open' withl a mighty . crackling, as though indeed it was formed of r ice; but to render it useful I had to haul the sheets aft, which I could not manage without the help of the tackles we had itssl E in slinging the powder over the :sido; so that,'what with one hindrance amd another, l the setting-that sail took me an hour and a half. .. i Buthad it occupied me all dayit would: have been worth doing. Trifling as it was as a cloth, its effect epon. the sc?Tooner was like that of a cordial upon a fainting man. It.. was not that. she sensibly showed nhimbler heels to its; itst liftin -tendency enabled, hbr; to- ridero the under-running I seas more buoyanutly, aid if it increased her speed by half a knot an hour it was worth it million to tme, .whosoe business it was to take the utmost possible advautage of the' I southerly gale. I returned to the helm, wan nnewith the exercise, and gazed forvard not a little proud \- of my work. Though the sailwaseight-and forty years old and perhaps older, it, offered as tough and stout a surface to the wind as if it was fresh from the sailmaker's hands, so great are the preserving qualities of ice. I s looked wistfolly at the topsailibut on reflect s ing that if it should come on to blow hard enoitgh to compel me to heave the brig to Ilhe i would never hull with that' canvas abroad, I e resolvil'to letit lie, for-I could cut away the spritsail if the necessity arose and not greatly regret its loss;, but to lose the topsail would r lie a serious matter, thouigh if I did not cut ,it adrift it, miight carry. away the mast for me ; so, its I'say, I would not meddle with it. s Finding that that the' ship continued.to steer herself verywell, mid the better for the sprit Ssail, I thlought I wonld get the body of thie o old..I' renchman overboard, . imal so obtain a o clear hold for miyself so far as corpses went. , I carried thie lanthori into the forecastle, billt . whei I piulled thie hanunock off. dim I con a ftess it was not withiet s s?atspid fear that I. i ahould find him alive., Recollection of his astominding vitality fomnd something ini-: I perishable in that ugly anatomny, andthoughl y hl?y .lefordme as dead ind cold its stone, I ye· t hald a fancy that thi seeds of life 'were: still iiin him, that !tvas only tie current of a his boieig that had frozen, that if I weor to . a thaw. him afresh lie might recover, and that, if I.brierdhim Ihodld actually be despatch-.' did inot beetre m ie>J' toiik-duis watch-and-."? whiitever else hn'fhidin :thi'ti Way, cairied him'on deck and dropped himi over the side, esing as'little ceremony as he had employed in the disposil of his shipmsatEs, but uaffectced by ery different emotions; for there was not. ouldth idea that the vital spark was still, in h n; I eouldnotbut handle with rawe the y most- systerious corpse the eye had ever 'viewed, one whoo'had lived tlnough a stupor s 0or deathtsleep for cight-and-forty years, in wheolinin a feIhours Time had compressed the ,wiZearir he stretches ini others over half a centur- , who in a night had shrunk fromst the ntspect of his pinme into the lean, i puckered, bleasr-eyed, deaf, and tottering ex pression of a hundred years. But now he was gone ! The bubbles whichl rose to the plunge of his body were hiis epitaph; had they risen blood-redtheywould ' have better synmbolised his life. The albatross stooped to the spot .where he had vanisihhed with -a hoarse salt scream like the laughl of a delirious womana, aind the wind, frecslheainlig \- momnentarily in ';a squall, made one tlhink of Sthe 'irit of Nature as :eager to purify the. oir of heavee from the taint of.the dead ts pirate's passage from the bulwarks to the se water' asurface. n All that day and through the night id that followed, thie schooner drove, rolling or iand plunging before , the seas, into n the north-east, to the pulling of the sprit al sail. I made scveril excursions into the C forehold, but never could hear the sound of in water in the vestal. Hieriidesinplaces wero .'ublihed by special arcagentat with the authbo, still sheathed in ice, but this crystal armour was gradually dropping off her to the work ing of her frame in the seas, so that, since she was proving herself tight, it was cer tain her staunchness owed nothing to the glassy plating. I had seen some strange craft in my dlay,' but nothing to beat the appearnce this old tub of a hooker sub mitted to mygaze as I viewed her fromthe helm. How so uncouth a structure, with her tall stern, flasring bows, fat buttocks, sloping mast-, forecastle well, and massive head-timbers ever managed to pursue and overhaul a chase was only to be unriddled by supposing all that she took to be more un wieldy and clumsy than herself. What would a pirate of these days. in his clean lined polacea or arrowy schooner, have thought of such an instrument as this for the practice of his pretty trade? The ice aloft still held for her spars and rigging the resemblance of glass, and to every sunbeam that flashed upon her from beitween the sweeping clouds she would sparkle out into many-coloured twinklings, marvellously delicate in colour, and changing their tints twenty times over in a breath through the swiftness of the reeling of the spars. I should but fatigue you to follow the several little stories of these hours one by one; how I got my food, snatched at sleep, stood at the helm, gazed around the sea-line and the like. Just before sundown I saw a large iceberg in the north, two leagues dis tant; no others were in sight, but one was enough to make me uneasy, and I spent a very troubled night, repeatedly coming on deck to look about me. Thle schooner steered herself as if a man stood at the helm. The spritsail further helped her in this, for, if the curl of a sea under her forefoot brought her to larboard or starboard, the soil forced her back again. Still, it was?n very sur prising happy. quality in her, the next best thing to my having a shipmate, and a wonderful relief to me, who must otherwise have brought her to. under a lashed helml, every time I had occasion to leave the deck. The seaworthiness of the craft, coupled with the reasonable assurance of presently falling in with a. ship, rendered me so far easy in may mind as to enable nle to think very frequently of the treasure and how I was to secure it. If I fell in with an eunemy's cruiser or a privateer I must expect to be stripped. This would be the fortuhme of war, and I must take my chance. My concern did not lie that way; how was I to protect this property, that was justly mine, against my own countrymen, suppose I had the good fortune to carry the schooner safely into English waters ? I had a brother-in law, Jeremiah Mason, Esq., a Turkey mer chant in a small way of business, whose office was in the city of London, and, if I could manage to convey the treasure secretly to him, he would, I knew, find me a hand some account in his settlement of this affair. But it was impossible to strike out a plan. I must wait and attend the course of events. Yet riches being things which fever the coldest inmiginatioun, I could not look ahead without execitenment and irritability of fancy. I should reckon it a Lard fate indeed after nmy cruel experiences, my freeingtheel fr the vessel from theice, my sailing her thirough some thousand of minles of perilous seas, and arriving finally in safety to be disposssessed of what was strictly mine -as much mine as if I lhad fished it up from ltle bottom of the sea, where it must other wise have Ilin till the crack of dooml. I remember that, among other ideas, it cuntered my head to tell the master of the first ship I met, if she were British, the whole story of smy adventure, to ,acquaint him with tile treasure, to offer to transllip it and mnyself to his vessel and abandon tile schooner, and propose at lhandsoume reward for his offices. But I could nbt bring my tmind to trust any stranger with so great a secret. The mlere circunmstanees of the treasurenot being mine, in the sense of my having canied it, of its being piratical plunder, and as much one's as another's, nmight dull the edge even of a fair-deiling conscience and expose me to the machinations of a heavily tempted mind. Thlerefore, though I had no plan, I witis resolved at all hazards to stickto thleschooner, and, with a view to providing against the curiosity or rummaging of any person who shoulld come aboard I fell to the following workafter getting 'lany i,rhebfot. I hun, -lanthornusin thle rni and hatchways and cabin to enable me to pass easily to :nd fro: I then emptied one of the chests in my cabin and carried it to where the treasure was. Thechest I filled nearly three-pai's full with money, jewellery, etc., which sank the contents of the other chests to the depth I wanted. I then fetched a quantity of small arms, such is pistols and hangers and cutlasses, mid filled up the chests with them, first placing a thickness of canvas over the money and jewellery, that no glitter might chow through. To improve the deception I brought another chest to the run. and wholly filled with eutlasses, powder-horns, pistols, and the like, mid so fixed it that it must be tile first to come to hand. My cunning amounted to this: that, suppose the nru to be rummaged, the contents of the first chest were sure to be turned out, but, on the other chests being opened, and what they appeared to contain observed, it was as likely as not that the rununagers would be satisfied they were :anus-chests, and quit meddling with them. Here now might 1 indulge in a string of reflections on the troubles and aLxietics which money brings, quote from Juvenal and other poets. and hold myself uip to your merrimenut by a contemptuous exhibition of myself, a lonely sailor, labouring to conceal Isis gold from hnimginary knaves, toiling in the dark depth of the vessel, and never heeding that, yen whilst he so worked, his ship nmiglt split .yoensome half-tide rock of ice, and fomlder lth him and his treasure too, and so oil, and .on. But the fact is I was not a fool. [ere was money enough to set me up as a Ane gentleman for life, and I meant to save it and keep it too, if I could. A nman on his deathbed, a man in such peril that his end is certain, can afford to be sentimen tal. He is going where money is dross in deed, and he is in a-postiure when to moralise upon humim greed and the vantLity of wishes and riches becomes him. But would not a man whose healthis hlearty, and who hopes to save his life, be worse off than a sheep in the matter of brains not to keep a firm grip of Fortune's hand when she extended it? I kInlow I was very well pleased withl my morning's work when I lind ccomplished it, and had no mind to qualify my satisfiaction by melaneholy and romantic mnsings on my condition snd uncertanty of the future. This was possibly owing to the fineness of the weather; a heaTvy black gale from the north would doubtless have given a very different turn to my humours. The wind at dawn had weakened and come into the west. There was a strong swell indeed there always is in this ocean-btt the seas ran snmallJ>.'ho. slkylooked. like smarbl,: r.aith its bi~ad spreadingo of high w?hlte . cloeuds and the veins of blue sky between. I wished to make all the northing that was Spossible, but there was nothing to be done in that way- with t the spritsail alone. Had not the capstan been frozen I should have tried to get the mainsail upon the ship, but without the aid of machinery I was hIeldless. So, with helm amidships, the schooner drove languidly along wits her head due east, lifting as ponderously as a line-of- battlp ship to the floating hlunches of the high swell, and the albatross hung as steadfastly in tihe wake of my lonely ocean pathl as though it hlad been somne messenger sent by God to watch me into safety. CnaiER XXVII.--I ExcounTs A WitaEn. I had been six days and nights at sea, asid the morning of the seventh day lhad conime. With the exception of one day of strong south- westerly winds, which ran me some thing to the northwaids, the weather had been fine, bitterly cold indeed, but bright and clear. In this time Ihadruna 'distajnce of about sir hundred and fifty miles to tlhe east, and with no other cloths.upon the schooner thlan her iiprits.il. \- I confess, as the hours passed away and aothinghove into view,; I grew dis~pirited and re.tleso; but, on the other hand, I-was cornm forted by the .bright weather and the favourable winds, and particularly; by, tle vessel'u steering herself, which enabled meit to get rest, tokeep myself warm with the fire, and to dress my food, yet ever pushinig oa wards (however slowly) into the navigated regions of this sea. On the morning of the seventh day I came on deck, having slept since four o'clock. The wind was icy keen, pretty brisk, about west by south; the movement in the sea was front the south, and rolled very grandly; there was a fog that way, too, that hid the horizon, bringing the ocean-line to within a league of the schooner; but the other quarters swept in a dark, clear, blue line against the sky, and there was such a clarity of atmosphere as made the distances appear infinite. I went below andlightedtlhefiread gotmy breakfast, all very leisurely, and when I was done I sat down and smoked a pipe. It was so keen on deck that I had no mind to leave the fire, and, as,all was well, I lounged through the best part of two hours in the cook-house, when, thinking it was now" time to take another survey of the scene, I went on deck. On looking over the larboard bulwiark rail, the first thing I saw was it ship, about two miles off. She was on the larboard tack, under courses, topsail, and main-topgallant sail, heading as if to cross my bows. The sunshine made her canvas look as white as snow against the skirts of the bodyof vapour that had trailed a little to leeward of her, and her black hlll flashed as though she dis charged a: broadside every time she rose wet to the northern glory out of the hollow of the swell with a curl of silver at her cut water. My heart came into my throat; I seemed not to breathe; not to have saved my life could I have uttered a cry, so amazed and transported was I by this unexpected appari tion. I stared like one ii a dream, and my head felt as if all the blood in my body had Turged into it. But then, all on Is sudden, there happened it revulsion of feclifig. Sup pose sihe should prove it privateer--a French war-vessel-of it nation hostile to my owa ? Thought so wrought in me that I trembled like an idiot in i fright. The telescope was too weak to resolve her, I could do better with my eyes; anid I stood at the bulwarks gazing and gazing as if she were the spectre ship of the Scandinavian legend. There were flags below, and I could have hoisted a signal of distress; but to what purpose! If the appearance of the schooner did not sufficiently illustrate her condition, there was certainly no virtue in thle language and declarations of bunting to exceed her own mute assurance. I watched her with a passion of anxiety, never doubting her inten tion to speak to me, at all events to draw close and look at me, wholly concerning myself with her character. The swell made us both dance, and the blue brows of the rollers would often hide her to the height of her rails; but we were closing each other middling fast, she travelling at seven and I :at four miles in the hour, and presently I could see that she carried a number of boats. A whaler, thought I ; and after a little I was sure of it by perceiving tihe rings over her topgallant rigging for the look-out to stand in. Oi being convinced of this, I ran below for a shawl that was in my cabin, and, juiaping on to the bulwarks, stood flourish ing it for some minutes to -let them know that there was a man aboard. She htffed to deaden her way, tlhat I ndight sw-im close, and as we approached each other I observed ca crowd of heads forward looking ait me, and several men aft; all staring intently. A man scrambled on the' rail, a:nd with ian arn clasping It backstay, hailed' mSchooner ahoy!' lie batwled. with It strong nasall twangr in his cry. lWhat ship's that F' ' The Boca del Dragon,' I shouted back. W' Where are you fromi, anid where iare you bound tot ' * I have been locked up in the ice,' I cried, ' and am in want of help. What ship are you ?' 'lThe Scusan .Tucker, whaler, of New Bedford, twenty-seven nmoths out,' he retucrned. Where in creation got you that hooker ?' ' I'm theonly iman saboarld,' Iried ,.f nnd have no boat. Seona:to" ,i?ch . t'eiikn.mo'of. God? andiluatethto e M r come " " '. "' lie waved his hand, bawling, `PUtyou?r hehn down-you're forging ahead!' and so saying, dismounted. I inunediately cast tile tiller adrift, put it hard over, and secured it, then jumped on to the bulwarks again to watchl them. She was Yankee beyond doubt ; I had rather met my own countrymen; but, next to a British, I would have chosen an Anmerican ship to meet. Somehow, despite the Frenchman, I felt to have been' alone thrhoghout my adventure ; and so sore was the effect of that solitude upon mny spirits that it seemed twenty years since I had seen a ship, and since I Ihad held communme with m~y own species. I was terribly agitated, and shook in every limb. Life must have been precious always; but never before had it appeared so precious as now-, whilst I gnazed at that homely ship, with her nmtin topsail to the mast, swinging stately upon the swell, the faces of the seamen phiin, tile smoke of her galley-fire breaking from tie chimney, the sounds of creaking blocks and groaning parrels stealing from her. Such a fountain of joy broke out of my heart that my whole behng was flooded with it, andhad that mood lasted I believe I should have exposed the treasmure in the run, and invited all the men of the whaler to share in it with me. They stared fixedly; little wonder that they should be astounded by, such an appearance as my ship exhibited. One of the several boats which hulig at her davits was lowered, tie oars -flashed, and presently she was near enough to be hit with a biscuit; but when there the master, asI supposed him to be, who was steering, sung out, ' 'ast rowing !' the boat came to a stanld, and her people to a nun stared at me with their chins upon their shoulders as if I had been it fiend. It was plain as a pikestaff that they were frightened, and that the superstitions of the forecastle were hard at work in them whilst they vieowed me. They looked a queer company; two were negroes, theotherspale faced bearded men, wrapped up in clothes to the aspect of scarecrows. The fellow who steered lhaid a face as long as a wet hammock, and it -as lengthened yet to the eye by a bearl like a goat's hanging at thile extremity of his chin. He stood up--a tall, lank figure, with legs like a pair of compasses-and hailed me afresh, but the high swell; regular as the swing of a pendulum, interposed its brow between him and me, so that at one mnoment he was a sharply-lined figure agalh~iut the sky of the horizon, and the next he and lis boat and crewr were sheer gone out of sight, and this made an exchange of sentences slow and troublesome....,., .i the chohoner's ameo is?'-. ; ' The docna llDragon; I repied.'' -: ' And who are aocuicatey?' . - ' An English sailor ewho has been- cast away on an sland of ice,' I ulswered, talking very shiortly that the replies mniglht' follow the questions before the swell sank him. - ' Ay, ay,'" says he, 'that's very well; but wheu was you csut away, bully ?' I gave ]im the' date. ' That's nota month ago,' cried he. I It's long enough, whatever the tnime,'said Re:H e the crow fella-talking, turning from: one another to stare at me, iand the negroes eyes showed asbig as saucers in the dinnay of their regard. : SSee, here, master,' sung out the long man, 'if youl han't been cast awiay more than a month, how comeyous clothed as men went dressed a century fsiln,' hey5: ' - The reasons of their msgivings: flashed upon me. :It was not so milch the schooner as my appeunnce. i Thei trttllt was, my clothes having been wetted, I had ever since been wearing suchl thick garments as I met with in the cabin, keeping my lejs warm with jackboots, ?nd I had been so used to thegarb that I forgot rl had it on.. You will judge, then,'that I mulist have presented a figure very nicely calculctd to excite the wonder and apprehensioc'of'a body of men avhos s.perc stitions instincts were already suffieently Sfluttered v thei appearance of the schooneiet, when I tell you that. in addition to the jack boots and a great fur cap, my. ost.tnmo wea formed of a red plush waistcoat lacsd with silver, purple breeches, a coat of frieze with yellow braiding and huge cuffs, aind the cloak that I had taken from the body of NMendoza. 'Captain,' cried I, 'if so be you are the captain, in the name of God and humanity come aboard, sir.' . Here I had to' wit till he reappeared. '3My story is an extnra ordinary one. You have nothing to fear. : I mn a plain Englih sailor ; my ship was the LmalgingMa'ry, bound in ballast from Cadlao to the Cape.' Here Iliad to wait again. 'Pray, sir, come aboard. There is nothing to fear. I am alone- in grievous distress, and in want of help. Pray come, sir !' .There was so little of the goblin in this appeal that it resolved him. The crew hung in the wind, but lie addressed them' peremptorily. I liead him damn thlem for a setof curs, and tell them that if they puthim aboard they might lie off till he was ready to return, where they would be safe, as the devil could not swim ; and presently they buckled to theiroars again and the boat camne along side. The long man; watching his chance, sprang with great agility into the chains, and stepped on deck. I ran up to him and seized his hand with both mine. ' Sir,' cried I, speaking with difficulty, so great was the tumult of my spirits and the joy and grStituide that swelled miy heart, 'I thank yon athousandtimies overfor this visit. I am in the most helpless condition that can be imagined. I am not astonished that you should have been startled by the appearance of this vessel and by the figure 1 make in these clothes, but sir, you will be much more amazed when you have heard my story.' He eyed me steadfastly, exaniuulg me very earnestly from my boots to my cap, and then cast a glance around him before he made any reply to my address. He had the gauntness; asalo sess of complexion, and dclibenrtendss of manner peculiar to the people of' Noew Enghand. And though he was a' very ugly, lank, uncouth mian, I protest he was as fair in my sight as if lie had been the am brosial angel described by Milton. ' Well, cook my gizzard,' he exclaimed presently, through his nose, ansdafteranother good look at me and 'along the decks and up aloft, ' if this ain't mi-raculous,\tow. D)urned if we didn't take this hooker for some ghost ship riz from the sea, in charge of it merman rigged out to fit her age. Y' are all alone, air you )' . All adone,' said I. ' Broach me every barrel aboard if ever I see sich a vessel,' lhe cried, his astonislmnent rising with the searching glances he directed aloft anld slow. ' How old be she ?' "She was cast away in seventeen hundred and fifty-three,' said I. ' Well, I'm durned. She's froze hard, sirree ; I reckon she'll want it hot sun to thaw her. Split ise mister, if she ain't worth sailing home as a show-box.' I interrupted his ejaculations by asking him to step below, where we could sit warns whilst I related my story, and I asked himi to invite his boat's crew into the cabin that I nsight regale them with a bowl of such liquor as I venltured to say had never passed their lips in this life. On this he weit to tke side, and, hailing the men, ordered adl but one to step aboard and drink to the health of the lonesome sailor they had come across. The .word ' drink' acted like it charm ;. they in stantly hauled upon the painter and brought the boat to thle chains and tumbled over the side, one of the negroes remaining in her. They fell together in ia body, and surveyed mise isd the ship awiih a hundred marks of astonialmient. ' My Iads' said I, ' my rig is it astrange one, but I'll explain all shortly. The clothes I was clat away in are below, and I'll show you them. I'm not spectre, but as real as you; though I have gone through so much that, if I am not a ghost, it is no fault of old ocean, but owing to the mercy of Cod. 1y nameis Pauld Rodney, and I'm a native of London. You, sir,' says I, addressing the long man, ' are, I presumet .he ucmster of tihe Susan Tucker? ' ' At your sarvice-Josiah Tucker is my name, and that ship is my wife Susan. Captain Tucker, and you, smen, will you please step below, says I. The weather promises fair; I have much to tell, and there is that in the cabin whslich will ive you patience to hsarsne.' :. a -. . '-jI descendel the comansioi? stases,,t;.i -. sllifolli-ed,; .,lking . th interior that` had' been so long silent, ring with their heavy tread, whilst front time to time a gruff, hoarse whisper broke from one of them.. But super stition lay strong upon their imagination, and they were awed and quiet. ' The daylight caime down the hatch, but' for all that the cabin was darksome. I waited till the hlast man had entered, and then said, ' Before we settle do?l to a- bowl" and at yarn, captain, I should like to show you this ship. It'll save me a dealof descrip tion anid explanation if you will be pleased to take a view.' ' Lead on, mister,' said he; ' but we shaill have to snap our eyelids and raise fire in that way, for durncd if I, for one, can see in the dark.' I fetched three or four lahnthorns, and lighting the candles, distributed thenl among the men, and then, in. ai procession, headed by the scaptahi and me, we made thine roundls. I had half-cleared the arnis-room, but there were weapons enough left, and they stared at them like yokels in Ia booth. I showed them the cook-house and the forecastle, where the deck was still littered with clothes, and chests, and hamnmocks; and, after carry ing them aft to the cabins, gave them a simht of the hold. I never saw men more tunazed. They filled the vessel with their exclamai tions. They. never offered to touch any tlhing, being too much awed, but stepped about with their heads uncovered, as quietly as they could, as though they had been in a crypt, and the influence of strange and terrifying memorials was upon them. I also showed them the clothes I had comemaway from the LaughingMary hi ; mid, that I night submit such an aspect to thesm as should touch their sympathies, I whipped off the cloak audputon my own pilot-clothl coat. Thero being nothing more to see, I led thesnto the cook-room, and there brewed'a great hearty bowl of brndypv'umeh,whlich I seasoned with lemon, sugar, miand spices, into as relishable a darught as miy knowledge in thast way cousld compass, and, giving every ns a painnikin, bade lhi dip asd welcone, inyselffirst drinking to them withl a brief speech, yet not so brief but that I broke down towavrs the close of it, iand ended with a dry sob or tvo. They wousld have been snwortlhy theiir country and their calling not to lihave been touched by may natural- manifestation of emotion ; besides, the brandy-was an incom panrably fine spirit, and the very perfunmeo of thle steaming bowl was sufficient to stimulate the kindly qualities of sailons whlo hlid been looked up for months in a greasy old ship, witl no divinersmolabotsts . k'illed upon his mooetodi to me, prosLsung Imle that he s very ghid to :hiave fallen with misy shooner, and then, looking at the others, mnade a sisnti, whereupon they all fixed their -eyes upon me iand draunk as one .man, overyone emptyinghispotandisverting it as a proof, and fetching a rousing siglh ofd satisfaction. ire BE COST.SUED.) M:r. TrederickeIntluer, Ilsplctor of Vnidsor Palace at £d00 a year, died at Vesitnor on 30th Jnuary', aged fifty, He w?s muchli re~pccted by tho Qeen,:. gThi Traiusvaa.Clmmlhcer of Moines records last year'sold nutiut at 231,000oz.- In Decemlber the yield was 26,1480z. " : ,:.!: Tlhere weqre 897,-25 visitors to SouthKensiog toss Musse s, Losindo, last yeasr. 