AFTER THE SHOT.-" YOU'VE GOT HIM, SIR."--PRINCE FORTUNATUS. Chap. XL THE NOVELIST. PRINCE FORTUNATUS.* By William Black, Author of " A Princess of Thclb," "Macleod of Dare," &c.; Chapter XI. the phantom stag. Bat if he were bo anxioas about bow he ehould Bing (tor hia audience of one only) that old Scotch ballad, he was not acting very wisely, or else he had a sublime confidence in the soundness of his chest; tor on nis host's offering him another day's stalking he cheerfully accepted the same, and that not withstanding they had now fallen upon a period of extremely rough, cold, ana wet weather. Was this another piece of bravado, then—undertaken to produce a favourable impression in a certain quarter—or had the hunter's hunger really got hold of him? On the evening before the appointed raid, even the foresters looked glum ; the western hills were ominous and angry, and the wind that came howling down the strath seemed to foretell a storm. But he was not to be daunted; he said he would give up only when Roderick assured him that the expedition was quite impracticable and useless. "1 hear you are going after the deer to morrow," said the pretty Miss Georgie Lestrange to iiim. itf the drawing-room after dinner, while Lady Sybil was performing her famous fantasia, " The Voices of the Moon light," to which nobody listened but her own admiring self. " And I was told all about that custom of making the stalker a little present on his setting out, for good lack. It was Honnor Cunyngham who did that for you last time, and I think it should be my turn to-morrow morning." "Oh, thank you !'said be; but "Thank you lot nothing !" he said in bis heart; for why should any frivolous trinket—even when presented by this very charming and com plaisant young damsel—be allowed to inter fere with the prerogative or MissCunyngham's sacred talisman ? " I say," continued the bright-eyed, ruddy haired lass, "what do you and Honnor Cunyngham talk about all day long, when you are away 011 those fishing excursions ? Don't yon bore each other to death? Oh, I know she's rather learned, though Bhe doesn't bestow much of her knowledge upon us. Well, I'm not going to say anything against Honnor, for she's so awfully good-natured; yon know, Bhe allows her sisters-in-law to experiment on her as an audience, and Bhe has always something friendly and nice to say, though I can guess what she thinks of it all. Now, what do you two talk about all day long ?" " Welf, there's the fishing," said he, " for one thing." " Oh, don't tell me !" exclaimed this im pertinent young hussy (while the "Voices of the Moonlight" moaned and mourned their mysterious regrets and despairs at the far end of the drawing-room). Don't tell me! Honnor Cunyngham is far too good-looking for you to go talking salmon to her all day long. Very handsome, I call her—don't you ? She's so distinguished, somehow—so differept from anyone else. Of course you don't notice it up here so much, where she prides herself on roughing it—you never met her in Lon don ?—in London you should see her come into a drawingroom—her walk and manner are simply splendid. She'll never marry," continued this garrulous little persou with the coquettish pince-nez perched on her not too Grecian nose. " I'm sure she won't She despiseB men—all of them except her brother, Sir Hugh. Lord Rockminster ad mires her tremendously; bnt he's too lazy to Bay so, I suppose. How has she taken such a fancy to you ?" " I was not aware she had," Lionel dis creetly made answer, though the question had Btartled him, and not with pain. "Oh, yes, she has. Did she think you were lone and unprotected, being persecuted by the rest of us ? I am quite certain she wouldn't allow my brother Percy to go fishing a whole day with her; most likely Lord Rockminster wouldn't care to take the trouble. I wonder if she hasn't a bit of a temper? Lady Rosamund is awful sometimes; but she doesn't show that to you—catch her I Rut Honnor Cunyngham—well, the only time I ever went with her on one of her storking expeditions, the water was low, and she thrashed away' for hours, and saw nothing. At last a stot happened to come wandering along ; and she said quite savagely ' I'm going to hook something ! You don't know what a stot is?—it's a young bullock. So Bhe deliberately walked to within tweuty yards or so of the auimal, threw the line so that it just dropped across its neck, and the fly caught in the thick hair. You should have seen the gay performance that followed ! The beaBt shook its head and Bhook its head— for it could feel the line, if it couldn't feel the fly ; and then, getting alarmed, it started off up the hill, with the reel squealing juBt^as' if a Balmoa was 011, and Honnor running after him as hard as she could over the ' bracken and heather. If it was rage made her hook the atot, Bhe was laughing now— laughing so that when the beast stopped she could hardly reel in the line. And old Robert—I thought he would have hud a fit. 'Will 1 gaff him now, Miss Honnor?' he cried, sb he came running along. But tlie stot didn't mean to be gaffed. Off it set again ; and Honnor after it, until at last it caught the line in a birch-bush and broke it; then, just as if nothing had happened, it began to graze as usual. You should have seen the game that began then—old Robert and Honnor trying to get hold of the stot, so as to take the casting-line and the fly from its mane—it isn't a mane, but you know— and the stot trying to butt them whenever they came near. The end of it was that the beast shook off the fly for itself, and old Robert fonnd it ;*but I wonder whether it was real rage that made Hounor Cunyngham book the stot——" "Of course not I" he said. " It was a mere piece of tun." " It isn't fun when Lady Rosamund comes downstairs in a bad temper—after you gentle men have left," remarked Mies Georgie, significantly; and then she prattled away in this carelul undertone. " What horrid stuff that fantasia iB: don't you think so ? A mixture of Wagner, and Chopin, and ' Home, sweet Home.' Lady Adela has put you in b®r novel. Oh, yes, she has ; she Bhowed me the last pageB this morning; You remember the young married English lady who is a great poetess ?— well, she is rescued from drowning in the Bay of Syracuse by a young vee»n l or« an<* yon are the Greek sailor, you 11 be flattered by her description of you. ,^oa ®re entirely Greek and god-like—what is that bust?—Alcibiades? No, no, he was a general, wasn't be? Alcinous, is it?—or Antinous ?—never mind, the bust you see so otten in Florence and Rome—well, you're described as being like that; and the young , ghah mdy becomes your patron, and you're to be educated, and brongbt to London, but whether her husband is to be killed off to.make way for you; or whether she is going to hand you over to one of ber sisters, The right of publishing this work has been weed by fee prowletoro «i" The Australasian." I don't know yet It mast be rather nice to look at yourself in a novel, gnd see what other people think of yon, and what fate they ordain for you. Lady Adela has got ail the criticisms of her last novel—all the nice ones, I mean—cut out, and pasted on pa^es, and bonnd in scarlet morocco. I told her she should have all the unpleasant ones cut out and bound in green—envy and jealousy, don't you see?—but she pretende not to have seen any besides those she lias kept. The book is in her own room ; I sup pose she reads it over every night, before going to bed. And really, after so much praise, it is extraordinary that she is to bave no money for the book—no. quite the reverse, I believe. She was looking forwurd to making Sir Hugh a very handsome present all out of her own earnings, don't you know ; and she wrote to the publishers ; but instead of Sir Hugh getting a present, he will have to give her a cheque to cover the deficit, poor man. Disappointing, isn't it?—quite horrid, I call it; and every one thought tfae novel such a success—your friend, Mr. Quirk, was most enthusiastic—and we made sure that the public would be equally impressed. It isn't the loss of the money that Lady Adela frets about; it is the publishers telling her that so few copies have been sold ; and we made sure, from all that was said in tbe papers—especially those that Mr. Quirk was kind enough to send—that the book was going to be read everywhere. Mind you don't Bay anything of the young Greek sailor until Lady Adela herself shows you the MS.; and of course you mustn't recognise your own portrait; for that is merely a guesB of mine. Oh, thank you, thank you !" The last words were a murmur of gratitude to Lady Sylvia bourne for her kindness in playing this piece of her own composition ; and thereafter Miss Georgie'a engaging and instructive monologue was not resumed ; for the evening was now about to be wound up by a round or two of poker, and at poker Miss Georgie was an eager adept. All that night it pour, d a deluge; and tbe morning beheld the Aivron in roaring spate ; the familiar landmarks of the banks having mostly disappeared, and also many of the mid-channel rocks; while the blue-biack current that came whirling down the strath seemed to bring with it tbe dull, constant thunder of tbe distant fails. Tne western hills looked wild and etormy; there was half a gale of wind tearing along the valley ; anl if the torrents of the liigbt had mitigated, there were still living showers of rain that promised to make of tne expedition anything but a pleasure excursion. "Tell me if it is any use at all!" Lionel in sisted, fur it must be confessed that the keepers looked very doubtful. " Well, sir," said the bushy-bearded Rode rick, " the deer will be down from the bills— oli, yes—but they'll be restless and moving ; about " " Do you expect I shall bave a chance at {one—that's all I want to know," was tbe next demand. | "Oh, yes, there may be that; but you'll get aiifu wet, sir—" " I'm going," said he, definitely; whereupon the pony was straightway brought up to tbe door. And here was Miss Georgie Lestrange, in a charming morning costume which the male pen may not adequately describe; and she held a small packet in her hands. ." 1 told Honnor Cunyngham it was my turn," she said, with a kind of bashful smile, as 6he handed the little present to him, " and she only laughed—I wonder if she thinks she can command all the luck in Ross-shire: has she got a monopoly of it? Weil, Mr. Moore, they ail say you'll get fearfully wet; and that is a silk handkerchief yon must put round your neck : what would tbe Eng lish public say if you went back from the Highlands with a hoarse throat I" " I'm not thinking of the English public juat at present," Baid he, cheerfully. " I'm thinking of the stag that is wandering about somewhere up in the hills; and I am certain your good wishes will get me a shot at him. How kiud of you to get up so early !—good bye !" This, it must be admitted, was a most hypocritical speech; for, although, as he rode away, he made a pretence of tying the pale pink neckerchief round his throat, it was on | the influence oi Miss Cunyngham's lucky six pence—the pierced coin was secretly attached to bis watch-chain—that he relied. In fact, before be had gone far from the lodge, he removed that babyish protection against the rain, and stuck it in his pocket; he was not < going to throw out a red ilag to warn tbe deer. After all, the morning was not quite so dismal as had been threatened ; for now and again, as they went away up the strath, there was a break in tbe heavy skies; and then the river shone a deep and brilliant purple-blue —save where it came hurling in ale-hued masses over the rocks, or rushed in surging white foam through the stony channels. I Sometimes a swift glimmer of suulight smote down on the swinging current; but these Hashes were brief; for tbe lowering clouds were still being driven over l'rom the west; ! and no one could tell what the day would bring forth. " What will Miss Honnor do in a spate like that?" Lionel inquired of tbe head- keeper. " Would she go out at all?" "Ob, ay, Miss Honnor will go out," Rode rick'made answer; "but Bbe will only be able to fish the tail-end o' the pools—ay, and it will not be easy to put a fly over tbe water, unless the wind goes down a bit." "Bat do you mean she will go out on a day like this?" he demanded again—as he looked at the wild skies and the thundering m"0h, ay, if there's a chance atahl Miss Honnor will be out," said Roderick, and he added, with a demure smile, "even if the cbentlemen will be for staying at home." However, Lionel had soou to coneider bis own attitude towards this swollen stream, when it became necessary to ford it on the hither side of the Bad Step. To tell the truth, when he regarded that racing current, he did not like the look of it at all. " I don't see how we are to get acrosB," he said, with some hesitation. " Maggie knaws the well," Roderick made answer, with a bit of a laugh. " Yes, that's ail very well," said the mounted huntsman. " I dare say she knows tbe way; but if sbe gets kuocked over in the middle of the current, what iB to become of me, or of ber either ?" " She'll manage it," 6aid tbe keeper, con fidently; "never fear." Lionel was just on tbe point of saying, " Well, you come yourself and ride ber across; and I'll go over tbe Bad Step on foot; but he did not like to Bhow tbe white feather; so, somewhat apprehensively, he turned tbe old pony's head to the river bank. And very soon he found that old Maggie knew much better what she was about than he did, for its soon as she felt the weight of tbe water she did not attempt to go straight across; she deliberately turned her head down Btream, put her bnttocks against the force of the current, and thus sideways, and very cautiously, and with many a thrilling stumble and catcbiug up again, she proceeded to fores this whirling Aivron, Never once did she expose herself broadside; her hind legs were really doing most of the fight; and right gratefully did Lionel clap the neck of this ! wise beast when ho found himself on Bolid i land. The lord further up was much less j dangerous; and so once again the reunited party held on its way. Then here was the Geinig—no longer the Ereity and picturesque river that he knew, ut a boiling and surging torrent sweeping in red wrath down its narrow and rocky channel. The farther heights, too, that now came into view, bad lost their wonted pale and ethereal hues ; there were no soft cloud stains on the purple Blopcs of heather—a darkness dwelt over the land. As he gradually got up into that wilder country, the gloom grew more intense, the desolation more awful. The roar of the Geinig was lost now in this dreadful silence. He seemed to have left behind him all human sympathies and associations—to have forsaken bis kindred and his .kind—to have entered a strange world peopled only with dark phantoms and moving shadows and ghosts. A voiceless solitude, too, save for the moan ing of the wind, that came sweeping in , bitter blasts down from the reiny hills. He did not recognise the features of this melancholy landscape; they had all changed since his last visit; nay, they were changing under his very eyes, as this or that far mountain-top receded behind a veil of grey, or. a shadow of greater darkness advanced with stealthy tread along one of those lonely glens. There was something threatening in the aspect of both earth and sky ; something lonring, conspiring, as if some dread fate were awaiting this intruding stranger; at times he funded he could hear low mur muring voices, the first mutterings of distant thunder. What if some red bolt of lightning were suddenly to Bever this black ness in twain, and reveal its hidden and awful Becrets? But no; there was no such friendly, or avenging, glare; the brooding skies lay over the Bombre valleys ; and the ] gloomy phantasmagoria Blowly changed and changed in that unearthly twilight, as the mists and the wind and the rain transformed the solid hills and the straths into inter mingling vapours and visions. A spectral world, unreal, and yet terrible; apparently voiceless and tenantless, and yet somehow suggesting that there were eyes watching, and vaguely moving and menacing shapes passing hither and thither belore him in the gloom. During these last few days he had been assuring himself that he would enter upon this second stalking expedition without any great tremor. It was only on the first occa sion, when everything was strange and un- j known to him, that he was naturally nervous, j Even the keepers had declared that the: shooting of the first stag was everything; that thereafter he would have confidence; that he would take the whole matter as | coolly as themselves. And yet when they now began to proceed more warily (old Maggie Laving been hobbled some way back) i and when every corrie and slope and plateau bad to be searched with the glass, he found himself growing not a little anxious at the thought of drawing the trigger; insomuch, indeed, that those sombre fancies of the imagination went out of his head altogether, and gave place to the apprehension that on I such a day it would be difficult to make a good Bhoh Their initial difficulty, however was to find any trace of the "beasts." The wild weather bad most likely driven them away from their usual haunts into some place of shelter, the smaller companies joining the main herd ; at ah events, up to lunch-time the stalkers had seen nothing. It was during this brief rest—in a deep, peat-hag, down which trickled a little stream of rain-water— that Lionel discovered two things—first, that he was wet to the skin, and, second, that the wiud in these altitudes was of an Arctic keenness. So- long as he had been kept going, he had not paid much attention ; but now this bitter blast seemed to pierce him to the very marrow; and he began to think that these were very pleasant conditions for a pro fessional singer to be in—for a professional singer whose very existence depended on his voice. " Here goes for congestion of the lungs," be philosophically observed to himself, as he shiveringly munched his wet sandwiches. Presently Roderick came along the peat hag. " Would you like to wait here, sir, for a while ?"said he in his accustomed undertone. " I'm thinking Alec and me will go aweh up to the top of Meall- Breac and hef a look round there ; ana if we are seeing nothing, we will come back this weh, and go down the Corrie-nam-Miseag " " And I am to wait here for you ?" Lionel exclaimed. "Not if I know it! By the time you come back, Roderick, you would find me a frozen corpse. I've got to keep moving somehow, and I may as well go on with you. I suppose I cannot hare a cigarette before Betting out ?" " Aw naw, sir J" Roderick pleaded. " In this weather, you cannot say where the deer may be—you may happen on them at any moment—and there will be plenty of time for you to smok on the weh horn." " Very well," Lionel said; and he got up and tried to snake his blood into freer circu lation ; then he set out with his two com panions for the summit oi Meall-Breac. This steep ascent was fatiguing enough; but at ail events it restored some warmth to bis body. He did not go quite to the top; he sat down on a lichened stone while Roderick proceeded to crawl inch by inch until his head and glass were just over the crest of a certain. knolL A long scrutiny followed, then the forester slowly disappeared, the gillie following in his serpent-like track ; and Lionel eat on in apathetic patience, slowly getting chilled again. He asked himself what Nina would say to him if she knew otj these escapades. He held his back to the wind until he was frozen that way, then lie turned his face to the chill blast, folding his arms across his chest He took a sip from Percy Lestrange's flask—but that was more for em ployment than anything else, for he discovered there was no real wararth to be got that way. He thought Roderick was never coming back from the top of the hill. He would have started off down the ascent again but that they might miss him ; besides, he might do something fatally wrong. So he sat on this., cold stone and shivered, and began to think' oi Kensal Green. Suddenly lie heard footsteps behind him ; he turned, and found the two men comiug towards him. "Not a sign of anything, sir," was Roderick's report. " It's awfu' dark and difficult to see, and the clouds are down all along Glen Bhoideacb. We'll just step along by the Corrie-nam-Miseag. They very often stop tor a while in the corrie when they're crossing over to Achnadruim." Lionel was not sorry to be again in motion ;' and yet very soon he found that motion was not an uumixed joy, for these two fellows, who were now going down wind along the route they had come, and therefore walking fearlessly, took enormously long strides, and held Btraight on, no matter what sort of ground they were covering. For the sake of his country be fougth hard to keep up with hem: be would aot have them say tbey could outwalk an Englishman—and an Eng lishman considerably younger than either of them ; but the way those two went over this rough and broken land was most extraor dinary. And it seemed bo easy ; they did not appear to be putting forth any exertion ; in spite of all he could do, he began to lag a little; and so he thought he would mitigate their ardour by engaging them in a little con versation. " Roderick," said he, " do you think this neighbourhood was ever inhabited?" "Inhabited?" said Roderick, turning in surprise. " Oh, ay, it was inhabited ahlways ] —by foxes and eagles." " Not by human beings ?" "Well, they would be ferry clever that could get a living out of land like this," Ro derick said, simply. : " Cut they say in the House of Commons that tiie deer forests are depriving a large portion of the population of a means of sub sistence," Lionel observed—rather breath lessly, for these Jong strides were fearful, "Ay, do they say that now?" Roderick made answer, with much simplicity. "In the Hou«e of Commons ? I'm thinking there is some foolish men in (he House oi Com mons. Mebbe they would not like them selves to come here and try to get their living out of rocks and peat-hags." " But don't you think there may have been i people in these parts, before the ancient | forests rotted down into peat ?" Lionel again inquired. j "I do not know about that," Roderick I said, discreetly: perhaps he knew that his | opinions about prehistoric man were not of great value. But what Lionel discovered was that talk ing in nowise interfered with the tremendous pace of the forester ; and he was just on the point of begging for a respite from this in tolerable exertion when a change in their direction caused both Roderick and the gillie to proceed more circumspectly; they were now comingiu view of the Gorrie-nam-Miseag, and they had to approach with care, Blinking along through hollows and behind mounds and rocka. By this time, it must be confessed, Lionel was thoroughly dead-beat; he was wet through, icily cold, and miserable to the verge of despair. The afternoon was well ad vanced ; they had seen no sign of a stag any where : the gloomy evening threatened to bring darkness on prematurely ; and hut tor very shame's sake, lie would have entreated them to abandon this fruitless enterprise, and set out for the far-off region oi warmth, and .reasonable com tort, and dry clothes. And yet when Roderick, having crawled up to tiie top of a small height, suddenly and eagerly signalled for Lionel to follow him, all this hopeless lassitude was instantly forgotten. Ilia heart began to burn, if his limbs were deadly cold; and quickly he was on the ground, too, moving himself up alongside the keeper. Tne glasB was given him, but hie trembling fingers could 110c bold it straight]; he put it down, and by and by bis natural eyes showed hiui what he thought were some slightly moving objects. " There's two of them—two Btage," Roderick whispered, "and we can get at them easily if there's no more wandering about that I cannot see. Mebbe the others are over that hull. There's one of them is a fine big beast, but he has only the one horn ; tiie other one, his head is not ferry good. But a stag is a stag whatever; and the evening is wearing on. Now come aweh with me, sir." What Roderick meant by getting at them easily Lionel was now to find out; he thought he would never have done with this agonis ing stooping, and crawling, and wading through burns. Long before they bad got to the neighbourhood of the deer, he wished heartily that the night would come suddenly down, or the stags take the alarm and make off—anything, so that he might be released from this unspeakable toil and suffering. And yet he held on, in a sort of blind, de spairing fashion ; the idea in his bead being that, if nature gave way, he would simply lie dawn and fall asleep in the heather—whether to wake again or not he hardly cared. But by and by he was to have hiB reward. Rode rick was making for a certain cluster of rocks; and when these were reached, Lionel found, to bis inexpressible joy, not only tbat be was allowed to stand upright, but that the stalk had been accomplished. By peering over one of the boulders be could see both stags quietly feeding at something like seventy yards' distance. It was going to be ail easy shot in every way—himself in ample concealment, a rock on which to rest his rifle, the deer without thought of danger. He would take his time, and calm down his nerve'. " Which one ?' he whispered to Rode rick. " The one with the one horn is a fine beast," the keeper whispered in return ; "and the other one, his bead is worth nothing at all." With extremest caution Lionel put the muzzle over the ledge of the rock, and poshed it quietly forward. He made sure of his foot ing. He got hold of the barrel with his left hand, and of the stock with his right; he fixed the rifle firmly against his shoulder, and took slow and steady aim. He was not so nervous this time; indeed, everything was in his favour; the stag standing broadside on, and hardly moving: and this rock offer ing so convenient a rest. He held his breath for a moment—concentrated all his attention J on the long, smooth barrel—and fired. " You've got him, Bir {"exclaimed Roderick I in an eager whisper, and siill keeping his head down ; bat seeing that the other stag | had caught sight of the rifis-smoke and was i off at the top of his speed, he rose from his place of concealment, and jumped on to the j rock that had been hiding him. " Ay, ay, sir, he'll no go far," he cried to I Lionel, who was scrambling up to the same I place. " There, he's down again on his | knees. Come aweh, sir ; we'll go after him. Give me the rifle." Lionel had just time to get a glimpse of the wounded stag, which was stumbling piti fully along—far behind its now disappearing companion—when he had to descend from the rock in order to follow Roderick. Alt three ran quickly down the hill, and rounded into the hollow where they bad last seen the stag, following up his track, and looking out everywhere for his prostrate body. But the further they went the more amazed became Roderick and the gillie ; there was no sign of the beast that both of them declared could not have run a couple of hundred yards. The track oi him disappeared iu the bed of a burn, and could not be recovered, search as they would ; so they proceeded to explore every adjacent hollow and peat-hag, in the certainty that within a very few minutes they must fiud the lost quarry. The minutes lengthened out and out; half-hours went by; and yet there was no sign. They went away down the burn ; they went away up the burn ; they made wider casts, and narrowed in, like so many retrievers; and all to no purpose. And meanwhile darkness and the night were coming on. " He's lying dead somewhere, as sure as anything can be," Roderick said, looking entirely puzzled and crest-fallen ; " and we'll bef to bring up a terrier in the morning and search for him. I never sab the like o' that in my life. When he fell where he stood 1 made sure he waa feenished ; then he was up again and ran a little web, and again he went down on his knees " " It was then I saw him," Lionel exclaimed, "and I expected him to drop the nexl moment. Why, he must be about here, Roderick, he couldn't vanish into the air—he waBn't a ghost, for I heard the thud of the buUet when it 6truck him " "Ay, and me too," Roderick said ; "but we will do no good now, ior it is getting bo dark,1 and you hef to croBB the two fords, Bir " " The fords !" said Lionel. " By Jove, I forgot them. I say, we must hurry on. I sup pose you are sure to find him in the morning ?" " We will bring up a terrier, whatever," Roderick said, doubtfully, for be seemed to have been entirely disconcerted by the dis appearance of the phantom stag. " Ay, I hef known them rin a long weh after being wounded—miles and miles they will go—but this wan wass so hard hit I thought he would: drop directly. The tefHe tek him—I could hef given bim the other barrel myself!" ; And still tbey seemed loth to leave the ground, notwithstanding the gathering dark ness. They kept wandering about, examining and searching, until it was quite obvious that even if the stag were lying within easy dis tance of them they could hardly distinguish it; so finally they withdrew, beaten and baffled, and made away down to the lower country, where the old pony Maggie was pro bably wondering at their anusual length of absence. Thai was a sombre ride home. It waa now raining heavily, and all the night seemed to be titled with a murmuring of streams and a moaning of winds among the invisible hills., Roderick walked by the pony's bead; and' Lionel could just make him out, and no more, so pitch dark it was. Of course he had no idea of the route he waB taking, or of the nature of the ground tliey were getting over; but he could guess from Maggie's cautious steps when they were going over rough places, or he could hear the splash of her feet when tbey were crossing a swamp., Not a word wnB uttered; no doubt all the forester's attention was bent on making oat a path ; while as for Lionel, he w&9 too wet and cold and miserable to think of talking to anybody. If be had certainly known that somewhere or other he had left np there a stag, which they could bring down in the morning, that would have consoled him somewhat; bat it was just as iikeiy as not that all this [privation and fatigue had been endured for nothing. As they trudged along through the gloomy night, the rain tell more heavily than ever, and the bitter wind seemed to search out every bone in his body. And then when at length they came within sound of the Geinig, that was no longer a' friendly voice welcoming them back to more familiar regions; it was an angry and threatening roar; he could see nothing; he could only imagine the wild torrent hurling, along through this black desolation. "Look here, Roderick," be said, "mind: you keep away from that river. If we should btumble down one of the steep banks, we should never be heard of again." "Oh, ay, we're a long distance from the ruvver ; and it is as well to keep aweh; for if we were to get into the Geinig to-night, we would be tekken down like straws." And how welcome was the small red ray that told of the shepherd's^ cottage just below the juncture of the Geinig and Aivron! It was a cheerful beacon ; it spoke of human association and companionship; the moan of the hurrying Aivron seemed to have less of boding in it now. It is true they still had the two fords to encounter, and another Jong and weary tramp, before they got back to the lodge ; but here at least was some assurance that they were out of those storm-haunted solitudes where the night was now holding high revel. That ray of light streaming from the solitary little window seemed to Lionel a blessed thing; it served to dissipate the horrors of this murmuring and threatening blackness all around him; it cheered and. warmed his heart; it was a joyful assurance that they were on the right way for home. When they reached the cottage, tbey knocked at the door; and presently there was a de lightful ruddy glow in the midst of tbe dark. Would tbe gentleman not come in and warm himself at the fire, and get his clothes dried 1 No; Lionel Baid that getting wet through once was better than getting wet through twice; be would go on as he was. But might he have a glass of milk? The shepherd dis appeared, and returned with a tumbler of milk and a piece of oatcake; and never in his life had the famous baritone from the far city ot London tasted anything sweeter, for he was half-dead with hunger. Greatly refreshed by this opportune bit and sup, the tired and "droukit" rider cheerfully resumed his way ; and it was with a stout heart that^ after a certain time, he found Roderick cautiously leading the pony down to the water's edge. And then a sudden thought struck him. "Look here, Roderick," said he, "I sup pose I can get across this lord safely enough; but how on eartb am I to know when I get to. the next one? I can't see a yard in front of the pony's head." " I'm coming with ye, sir," was the simple answer ; and at the same moment there was a general splashing which told bim that both Maggie and the tali keeper were in (he rush ing stream. " Well, i suppose you can't be wetter than you are," he said. " Indeed that's true," Roderick answered, with much composure. Now this first ford, though a ticklish thing in the pitch darkness, they managed success fully enough; but the next one proved a terrible business. Roderick went by the pony's head, with his hand on the bridle ; but whether he helped Maggie, or whet her i Maggie helped him, it would be hard to say. Lionel could only guesa what a mighty floundering there was going on ; but Roderick kept encouraging his four-tooted companion to hold up; and more than once, when they: attained a safe footing, he called a halt to let the faithful Maggie recover her breath. " Take your feet out o' the stirrups, sir," he said, when they were about half-way across ; "there's some nasty sharp ledges tbe other side, and if she loses her tooting, yon'il chistslip off before she goes over; and it will not tek ye above the waist whatever, so that you can get ashore by yourself." , When they did reach those ledges, Maggie seemed to understand the awkwardness of: the situation quite as well as he; she went forward only an inch or two at a time and) if her hind teet occasionally skated a little, > her fore feet remained firm where she had, planted them. As for Lionel, he was o£> course quite helpless ; he did not seek to interfere in any way; he was merely ready to slip off the saddle if Maggie roiled over. Bate presently a sudden red flash revealed to him that they were near land (this was Alec strik ing a vesuvian to give them a friendly lead): there was some further cautious sliding and tumbling forwsrd; then the uplifting of Maggie's neck and Bhoulders told bim she had gained solid ground and was going on the bank. Never was soft and Bare footfall more welcome I The arrival oi the belated and bedrenched I t-he putt at the todee created no little aar priae; for it bsd been concluded that, baring been led away >7 * tons stalk, or perhaps following a woooded dm into unexpected J regions, an i finding themselves overtaken by the dark, they had struck acmes country for the Airron-Bridge Inn, to pass the night there. Lloweser, ii;r lingo basiled about to J have hs guest properly l-»ked after; ani j when Lionel had got into dry dot bee. and swallowed some b.t oi wormed-ap dinner, he ] cent iot > the drawing-room, where taey • sere ail of tbem playing poker—alt ot them, i .ha: is to 8J"j. except Lori Fareborougb, who j n a big easy chair by the Sre vat netsinz his ire sn i i wtnty aliments, and no doubt in wardly corstng those p=os>le for the chatter ;hey were keeping ep. They stopped their game when Lionel entered, to hear the news; tad when be had told hss heart-rending tale. Lady A lebi's broditr Iszity called to her— '* 1 say, Adair, there's a chance for you to I fry that terrier of roars, i; he's as intelligent i U yoo say, send him oat with the cities to- ; morrow, ana see ii he can and the stag tor j them." , | "Why, ox c orse." Lady Adda instantly. respoodcL "Mr. Moore. 1 have joss become ! possessed oi the wisest little terrier in the * • bale world, I do believe. lie only arrived : this evening; bat he and i hare been irien is . i ac a Ions: time; I bought fcim only yesterday I from a shepherd down the strath. Oil, 1: tsast show yon the letter that came with the dog. Georgie, dear, wooli yos mini running = into my room and bringing me a letter yoa ■ will find oq the dressing-table I"" j Miss Georgie was absent only a cc-cpie of &cseis; when she reiame-i she handed , Lionel the following epistle, which was written cm a rather shabby sheet of paper. its contents, however, were of independent tale*. " Altnashteladh. Tuesday tao&mins.; " Lady Adieia Cunningham.—Hooaeri '-Aiy, I am eendm yos the terrier' :y my eln Jesmet that was Ukking j he milk from Bragia to your ladyship'* house ; the last year when he was batten by the red , tog. and yoor ladyship so kind as to giv him ire shall ;as the terrier's n&zae; is Donacha oii he will soon answer to his Eagissb came that is Dcxtcan Hon nerd Lady yon mast be j find to biw for he will be a ititle shy the firstj ba& he is awa from home and because he j willl not understand your languish as he was ] taaght Geatic he eot plenty oi Biocd on the i foxes be can waxry wan with himself alone j ■set me no how yoa will be please with him ami j he is behaved and ohadient I will be glad to j hare the news j ".Fromroar ladyship's bnmbJe servant j " Mioses Ross, AitnashieUch." f _" A wee temer that can worry a f ax all by j fc.msci.' most be a gallant little beast, mustn't ? teT* said Lady Adela, who seemed quite j prond of her new acquisition. "And 1 know I he will find that stag for yon, Mr. M esr?, if he | is to be loor.d ; for fXmaeha, or Da;.cat, is f the wisest little creature yon ever saw, I * wish I c.n'd talk Gaelic, fast to make hitn j feci at home the first few d-vs." Then she ! tamed to her companions. " Who began this J round—Mr. L°etxarige ? Very well, ween it < to Sybil, I propose we let yoc gentle ' " »«• ih* ^an-room ; f roam: comes comes to Syau, ipd^wnt men go oS to yosr cigars in the g»n-n»m : tor poor Mr. Moore, 1 know, hasn't been . allowcl to nnote all day ; and 1 am tare he • cut be far too tired to think of playing I pjter. How many doyem want, Rate V ! When tJmroand ot pAer was htiisheJ. the \ zeatdeaeo did not eecm to reseat being civ s CMseed to tbt so-called gna-room, wtsere, j toond the great, bUzmg pest fire, end with ; deari and pipes ami whisky-an J-sofa to j console them in their banishment, Lionel was ■ xilied apon to give them more minute details regarding fats ttay'e ad rent area Ami very i varioas were the opinions expre^ed as to tue I chances of the stag being found, aome j ;minons stork* were told ot the extraordinary f .1 .-stances deer were known to bare run even j when mortally wtmnded; and there were pos-1 s-biiiues Ettgcested of his having laiien into a | rapid water course and been carried down to J the roe rung river; while Sir Uegh reotored l to bint that, ii he were not f.-tmi on tue j morrow, the probability was that some chep- j herd in his remote and lonely shieling jsvt j1 c-ataide the forest wooki be feasting on venison | for a coo-i ierabk time to cctc». Lionel i cared less now ; beat ami food bad thawed j bin into a paasive frame ot mind; he was 1 tired, worn-oat, and sleepy ; and very giad j was be when be wag allowed to go to bed. | As a matter of fad, that magic one-homed ' stag was not fooad on the next day; no, nor 1 any following darnor has it ever been hear i i -A since in those parts. And if it vanished \ com the earth throagh some e*d enchant- ? xieat, be tare that Lionel—who had picked ' up some ot the superstitions of the neighbour- j hood, and who had profited en a tr riser oc- ; ohm by the pawseui o: a iorky sixpence } -—be eere be attributed b« croei ul-fortane, ' solely and wholly, to «hat wretched red r»g f jtat bad been given to him br Miss Georgte! ' t l^eetraoge 