?1S if#E¥fiLLSR, Kit and Kitty. By R. D. BLACKMORE. Chapter XXXI.- THE GIANT OF THE HEATH. There is, or at least there used to be, along the back of Hounslow Heath, a lane which leaves the Great Western-road on the right-hand side, and goes off alone. The soil is very poor and tliip, nnd nothing seems to flourish much, except the hardier foims of fir and the vagrant manner of mankind. The winter winds and the summer drouaht sweep over or cranny into it ; and a very observant man is needed to find much to talk about. But wherever a man or woman is, and whatever may be the season, one earnest cry arises in the bosom, and it is for beer. Those nobler beings who ou6t their British nature with foreign luxury, and learn to make belief of joy in the sour grape, or the stringent still, are apt to forget, as perverts do, the solidity of the ancient creed. If a eooi or evil genius had stood by Sir Cumberleigh Hotchpotch, or even Downy Bulwrag, and whispered, ' Have a firkin thereof treble X, or Indian Pale.' there might be now no chance fir me to tell the things 1 Lave to tell. When Tompkins, with his cart half-full of Sallies piled like flower-pots, pul'ed up again at the wayside inn, ho found it dark and lonely. The four jolly gardeners were gone home, or at any rate gone somewhere ; Teddy the land lord was fast asleep by the kitchen fire, and would 60 remain till roused by the music of the frving-pan ; they kept no barmaid, and the man who generally lounged about the stable was gone to have his lounge out somewhere else. ' Good night, ''Liza,' B.ll shouted up the staircase, on the chance of the landlady , hearing his voice ; but instead ' of aDy answer lier step was heard, and she turned the corner on him with her shawl and bonnet on. 'I couldn't leave it so,' she said; '1 don't know what come over me. But after you was gone, my heart felt all a pitter-pattering. And such bad ideas come ] into my head— 1 never did ! I could no more sleep this blessed night, without knowing more about that there business, thuu I could stand on my head and strike the hours, like a clock. 1 may be a fool for it, and have to go before the Justices; but ease my mind somehow I must.' ''Liza itowles,' replied Selsey Bill, standing nearly 2ft. above her, but looking down with true deference. ' if you feels that sort of thing, who am 1 to go again' it? You are bound to have suinmat in your own mind, as was never put there for nothing, Ma'am; and if it comes to that, why, so has I.' 'Do you mean to say, Bill,' asked Mrs. Rowleswith awe, not of bis height, for she was used to that, but of his thoughts coining just to her level, 'that you has had queer ideas too, about what the little girl was a-telling me?' 'You have put it, 'Liza, in the very words as I should have put it in, if the Lord give me the power. But I leaves all that to my wife now. She can fit it up meanin' to, and no mistake.' ' Very well, Bill, there's no more to be said. Off I goes with you, and you drives round by Struck-tree Cottage, as we calls it ; not that we means to make tantrups, you know; but just to see how it looks, and ease our miuds.' Mrs. Rowles cast a glance at the high step of the cart, for she was not so tall as she was tender; | and Selsey Bill cast a glance at her, balanc ing in the fine poise of his mind whether or no he should venture to offer, as it were, to lift her. But he saw that it wonld not be just to his wife, who might come some day to hear of it — for you never can tell what those women will let out— so he whipped forth his knife, and cut the cord which bound a dozen Sallies into one spire, and fetching out a basket set it down upon the rim ; so that Mrs. Howies (though of good weight and measure) taking that for her first rung went up without a groan. ' You take next turn towards Harlington, and go along quiet as you can. Bill these were her oideis, when she had settled down with a clean sack beneath her on the driving-board. 'And now shall I tell you what I believe ? It may he wrong, of course; we a'l me liable to horrors. You f-els that yourself, Bill, though u man with such a family get'th more oppor toonities. so to say ?'' ' And a wife,' answered Bill; 'htr comes first to begin with.' ' lu couise, her conies first in the regular way. A good and faithful wife and the mother of 17. But without such luck as that. 1 knows what men is ; and 1 say to you, Bill Tompkins, that they differs very much. I makes the very best of them, as is fhe duty of a woman, and leads to their repentance, when they has it in them. But most of them has not, without a word against my Teddy. And I say thai 'this Lord RoDseoicli here— if such is his name, being very doubtful — is up to some badness, having no belief of any one down this way to right it. Therefore you take tnat corner, Bill, and go on slowly till I tell you when to stop. Mind, I don't say 1 know what it is ; but 1 can guess. We have had a many gay doitigs down this way, for all it looks so innocent, and perhaps lor that 6ame reason.' ' What can 'em want with more chiiders, if that way ' inclined ? ' But the quiverful Bill dropped his essay on that subject ; for there is much more bashfulness among poor people than among their betters on 6uch lopi's of discourse. Presently they came to a dark qniet elbow of the road, or rather of the track across the turf ; for they fcai passed all stones and hedges now, and the wheels went softly upon grass and peat. A clump of Scotch firs, bowed by the west winds, overhung the way, and made it sombre as the grave. About a hundred yards beiore tnem was a low square building, ou the verge of the heath, and surrounded with bushes and something that looked like a wooden palisade. ' That's where it is. That is Struck-tree Cot tage; the lightning come down and scorched the old oak.' Mrs. Rowles spoke in a whisper, as if herself afraid of it. ' You see there's a light iu the parlour, Bill. That's where the villain is, I do believe, and the poor lady locked away upstairs, maybe. Now \ou go forrard. and just peep in. They'll never be capable of suspecting nothing ; and everything will be black to them out tide.' It was quite dark now, wilhout moon or stars. Spanker and the cart, which was painted brown, could scarcely be descried even twenty yards away, and the Sallies were of unpeeled osier. Bill handed the reins to his sister-in-law, and got down in his usual lanky style. Although he was a very hard-working fellow, nothing could drive him into quick jerks; for his joints were loise, and were often heard to creak, when the wind was in the east and the air too dry. ' But if them cometh at me ?' he asked with proper prudence and a sense of his importance to three crowded rooms at home. ' Why, I ain't got so much as a stick to help me !' ' No fear, little Billy. Guilty conscience makes * coward. You need not let them see you. And if they do, why, they'll take you for the Giant of the Heath — the old highwayman as was hanged in chains, not a hundred yards from here. My father seed him often ; and when he fell down, he took to walking through the fuzz.' ' Oh Lor', no more of that, 'Liza ! All my teeth be gone a-chatterin'. Give us a sack at any rate, if I meets he.' Mrs. Rowles, who wa9 not very happy herself, handed him a spare sack from the cart; and Bill Tomkins, with many glances right and left and heartily wishing himself at home, set forth towards the cottage, walking very slowly, and carefully shunning every stick and stone that' was visible on the brown, inhospitable earth. As he passed beneath the shattered tree, he looked up with a shudder at the jagged fork, and naked stubs, and contorted limbs, expecting the dead highwayman to clank his ghostly chains. Then he 6tole on with more courage, for he was tolerably brave, at least as regarded fellow-beings in the fle-h. When he came to the fence, a low palisade of fir, he juBt lifted his long legs over it, without casting about for any gate or door. As he groped along the fence towards the house, he dis covered a gate which appeared to be locked, and observing that the palisade was much higher there he very wisely lifted his gate from its hinges and left room for himself fo slip through at the back, if pursued, and obliged to retreat in a hurry. Then he made his way stealthily through some low shrubs to the corner of the cottage and considered things. It was quite a small build ing, with only four windows in front, and a door with a little porch between them. Two windows were on the ground floor, and two above ; the windows of the downstair rooms had outer shatters, or rather framed blinds of lattice- . work, such as carpenters call ' louvres.' These were closed and fastened; but from the one on the right of the porch a strong light came through the interstices of the blind, and streamed in narrow slices on the misty gloom outside. The horizontal laths were turned at such an angle that a man of common stature could only see the floor between them; but Selsey Bill was almost a giant, and hearing loud voiceB in that lower room he approached the window stealthily, and standing on tiptoe applied one eye to the top of the framework of the blind, where he found a wide slit between the beading and first lath. Through this he could see nearly all that was inside, for the curtains hung back at the end of the pole. Also he could hear pretty well what was said, for the window-glass was thin, and the ceiling low. _ There were only two men in the room, both lounging in shabby armchairs near the fire, and smoking, yet not looking peaceful. Tompkins was surprised at this, because he could never nave bis own black pipe, with the cheapest and strongest tobacco to puff, and his own bit of fire to dry hiss sodden feet without feeling as if he could stand anything from anyone, evea to the theft of his very last halfpenny by his youngest boy Bob, who was bound to know better, with so many rascals in front of him. And these rich gentlemen (for so they seemed) were smoking a fine blue curly cloud, such as a poor man can only put his uose to, when the putty is gone from the glass between him and his true superior. Bill became deeply curious now. That gentlemen of such tip-top style, too grand almost for the world to carry, drinking rare stuff like the sun through church windows, and smoking (as if it was so much dirt) cigars such as Bill knew by memory— for he had picked up a pretty fair stump sometimes— that they should be hob-nob in this little room (no better than his own Uncle Tompkins had), yet not at all hob by nob soft and pleasant, and looking fit to fly at one another, for two peas— all this must mean something as was natural J for Police, if only they could be persuaded to do more than flap their white gloves in view of tricks that were Nobby. Mr. TompMnB applied a dry rasp to his lips with his knuckles, well fitted tor that operation, which had many times saved the mouth from evil issue. Then he listened and gazed intently ; as no man can do, who has had his powers spoiled by the higher education. 'Then it quite comes to this,' said the gentleman whose face was in full view to Bill, though by no means a fair view; ' that you mean to throw me over, after all my risk, and take the fair spoil for yourself. . I have known a good many cool things in my time; but this by long chalks is the coolest.' 'Take it at that ssrne temperature,' answered the larger and younger man, who was lolling back, with the roof of his system exposed to Bill, who perceived therein a likeness to the back of a yellow Skye dog who has not been combed very lately ; ' you have let your self in for it, for the sake of filthy lucre ; and, alas ! it proves . that I was entirely misinformed Make the best of it, old man. Tou have rushed into a scrape. There is too much proof, 1 fear, .that it is all your own doing. The law will be down upon you, and where is your defence? There is one way, and only one, to hush it up. The girl roust marry one of us, after what has happened. She has not got a sixpence, and she is wild with rage. Disappoints me there, after all my mother's lessons. Don't think you could tame her, Pots ; but feel sure that I could. Then here J step in, like the deuce from a machine, and magnanimously offer to make amends for my mistake. And instead of beiDg grateful you set to and* slate me. Consider what a lot of that I shall have from the mother.' 'Tou can stand anything,' said the other, with a sigh; ' but I am not as tough as I used to be; and a row in the papers brings the duns in by the dozen. The girl is as sweet a woman as ever looked through a bridle. And I had set my heart upon her when I thought she would have money. But I could not marry her like this, and be laughed at ever afterwards for eloping willi a pauper. Can't you take her back to night, and nobody the wiser? Then perhaps J can have her in the proper course of things.' 'Impossible, you thick old. Pots. She has not tasted bit or sup for four and twenty hours; and her face, it is a show, as the . old women say. No, it must be reded straight off this time. You can hear her moan ing now ; that old woman is a fool, and the little girl a rogue, who would betray us if she could. But we are all right here, and to-morrow the fair Kitty will accept me as her deliverer. We shall make short work of it, and you retire blameless.' The other man began to growl, but Bill stopped cot to hear him. His righteous sonl was wild already, and his mercy flowed unstrained. Now and then there had come, as from an upper window, the sound of low sobbing, and the weariness of woe, when some human creature finds the whole world set ugainst it, yet can not get out of it to seek a better. Bill stepped quietly round the little porcb, and stood beneath the window whence the sound appeared to come. The window was over the kitchen, as itseemed, and the sill was about twelve feet from the ground. But the kitchen blind was down, and the firelight dull within. Tompkin3 laid his sack along the kitchen window-sill, and stepping on it softly, could just reach the stone at the .bottom of tfie bedroom window. With a little groping he contrived to get one foot upon the branch of a pear-tree, which was trained against the house, and lifting his tall frame warily, he got his chin upon the level of the window-sill above. The whole aperture was barred with stout wire- netting ; but the lower sash had just b en lifted to throw something out, something white like an eggshell, that flew by as Bill drew back. ' Oh, you won't have It, won't you?' said a cross and cracky voice; and Bill saw by the light of a gutter ing tallow- candle an old woman going towards a young one who lay on a low iron bed with brass knobs at the comers. ' 'Well, yon knows your own business best, and pretty airs yon gives yourself. I tell you there ain't nothing in it, but new- laid egg and good Bheiry wine, and you see me mix it up yonrself. A pretty one you'll be to go to church to-morrow, wi'out a bit of colour iu your cheeks, or a bit of victuals in yon. Cry, cry, cry, all the blessed day long, 'stesd of being proud . to stand up with a rich geatleman ! My patience with you are pretty well worn out, and a pretty dance you led me a'l last night ! But I've got something in the kitchen as will force you for to swallow, something come a purpose this very day from Lunnon, and direc tions with it for the' fractious folks. Now 1 try you fair once more, Miss, if Miss it is ; and after that I try . you foul, you see if I desn't.' . But the lady, who lay with her face to -the wall, and a mass of curly hair shining down her black dress, would not even look round, or make any reply, but just lifted one elbow, and then let it fall again. ' Very well ! We'll see. Just you wait 10 minutes, while I has a bit to eat myself; and then we'll try the little tickler- Nobody to thank but yourself, you know. If ever there was a cantankerous,* sulky, self-willed young minx, and ungrateful to boot ? ' The wicked .old woman went muttering from the room, leaving the^window still open, and the candle flaring and smoking on the chest of drawers, but lock ing the narrow dOor behind her with a rusty squeak of key. ' Now or never,' thought Bill, who would have liked, deeply respectful as he was to the fair sex, to have taken that old hag by the throat. With one hand he got a good grasp of the sill, while he passed the other through the wire grating, and raised the sash a little higher, to attract attention. But the fair prisoner was too far gone in distress and despair to heed any light sound, or even a creak and rattle. , ' Miss, Miss, if yon please, young Miss 1' Biil put his mouth, which would open as wide as almost any cot tago windqw, gs far in as ever it would go (forthe wire was much - ih. th.is way) and- blew his voice in. Bat whether it: was from the ' wealth of her hair ' — as all our best writers express it— or the action of the throat upon the ears (which -may have -been-sobhed into deaf ness), there she. lay like a log, and as if no Dill Tomp kins had hfcheart throbbing only for the benefit of here. i''\: '-????? ? 'Rat they women ! ' thought Bill to himself. ' If you want 'em toL-hter, can't make 'em do it. lfyon wants to keep a trifle'from 'em, 'cut both your feet off, and walk upon your funny-jowls. Here goes, neck or noit!' He had pulled ont a big wall-nail withaheavy shred attached, and, choosing a wide space -of the wire netting, be flung it so cleverly at the head oppressed with Borrow, that the owner jumped up, and looked about, and Tabbed the eyes thereof. ' Hush, Miss, ha«h, for the Lord's sake hash ! ' whispered Bill, as if the first effect of feminine revival must be the 'liberation of the tongue; 'it's only me, Miss, Bill Tompkins froui Sunbuiy. Jf lease to come nigber, Miss, tid 1 tell you.'. ' I don't understand. I seem lost altogether. They have locked roe up here, and they may kail me before 1 will do a sinsfle' thing the v want of me. What are you come for ? And what makes you look at me ? There is nobody to help me— not a person in the world.' Lor' bless me, if thiadon't beat cock-fightin' !' As she tottered towards the window, wiih both hands upon her head, the light of theiainile shone into her dazzled eyes, weakand weary.aa' theywere with floods of tears; and she waved her finger* over tbem with a strange turn of the palm (which was deeply capped), a turn quite indescribable, a bit of native geBtore which was most attractive, and certain tobe known again, though it might have -seemed to pass unnoticed. ' Miss, if ever i see two ladies injny life, yon be Miss Kitty, our Kit's sweetheart !' . _ _ ^ ' * 'What is the good of a sweetheart to him ? Don't, tell me anything, I can't bear it. 1 was going to his funeral— his funeral, yesterday ; and (hey put me in a carriage for the purpose; and they lost their way, so they said, and they brought me here. And, instead of going to Mb funeral, I am to many some one -else. Bnt I won't do it. I'll never marry any one hut Kit; and Kit is dead, and gone to heaven.' 'The ? liars ! Did they tell-yon that?' cried Tompkins, as if that wonld never be my destination. 'Our Kit, Miss, is as alive as you be: though he have had a bad time of it, and be gone to Ludred now. We expects him home next week, we does. And proud he would be, Miss, to see you there afore him. There never were such a chap to carry on about a gal, leastways beg pardon, Miss, I means a fine yoimg lady.' He was talking thus, because she could not speak, which he had the human kindness to perceive. ' Is it true ?' she was able to ask at last; and he answered — 'True as Gospel. S'help me Taters, Miss, it is!' Then she knelt for a moment, to toank the I .ord. But Bill said, ' No time now, Miss. Out of this you comes, this very minute, and home wiih me to bun bury. Can't get out of window. Took good care of that. Come out of door, and slip downstairs,' 'But she has locked me in,' cried Kitty, 'and there are two dreadful men downstairs. I don't care what tbey do to me now, now I know what yon have told me. Go away while you can. They will kill you.' ' Just you go to that there door, and drive back the catch with this here knife. It's nothing but a gallows staple; and a rap with the butt end will send it back, ten to one it will, Miss. Put your hankercher over the Jock, while you does it, and back it goes, if I know them locks. Have the can'l handy, to 6ce where to hit. Then down to front door, and away to our cart. But don't lose my knife, for the Lord'6 sake. A sensible gal has always got two pockets.' . Kitty, with her strength revived by spirit, took the big knife with an iron butt, and easily drove back the bolt, for the staple was an open one. _ Then Bill descended, without any noise, while she slipped gently down the stairs, and in the porch he met her. The front door had been bolted, but she drew back the bolt, and Bill took her band, and she stood outside. ' Halloa ! What's up ?' cried a voice from inside, for the catch had closed again with a load snap. 'Run. Miss, run'; while I 6top these chaps,' shouted Bill, and she ran like a hare from a dog. For a moment or two Bill was able to hold the brass knob of the lock against the two from within ; but pre - eently it slipped from his hand, and the door flew open, and two men prepared to rush out. But Tompkins threw his sack at full length over the head of the fore most; and striking wildly down he came on his knees, and the other fe'.l across him. Bill made off, like a shot, while they cursed one another ; and before they were afoot again, ho had slipped through the opening of the unhinged gate and pulled it after him. Then using his long legs rather slackly, but to great effect through the length of their stride, he took the struck tree for his landmark, and without thought of the ghost soou had Kitty at Lis side, and they made off, hot foot, for the cart and Mrs. Rowles. ' Here you be, here you be !' shouted that good lady ; ' mind the ruts. The villains are after you.' This was too true. Though they might not have owned that description of themselves, two hasty man, without even a hat on, were rushing about, bewild- red by the darkness and their own excitement, and taking the wrong way more often than the right. They fell among the furze, and got patterns on their faces, and showed no gratitude to nature for one of her best gilts. But presently they spied the white nose of Spanker, which was hanging down with wonder if he ever should get home ; and then they saw two figures in a bustle by the cart, and one was being helped in by the long stretchof the other. ' Stop thieves !' cried Sir Cumberleigh, who was dreadfully out of breath ; and therefore perhaps he let the other form go first to stop them. Then Bill turned round and faced them, and lie said, 'Tou get away! You ain't got no right with this young leddy. And, so help me God, I'll smash you, if yon offer to touch her.' He advanced with his great fists revolving like a 'windmill, that being our accepted view of the ' art of self-defence.' But Mrs. Rowles cried, ' No, Bill !' while the other 6tood amazed at the height of his antagonist and his uncouth look ; ' don't soil your hand with him. Clap this upon his poll.' Before Downy could guess what was meant he was basketed. A big taper Sally, full of sharp stubs inside, was clapped down upon his yellow head, and fixed there stanchly by a heavy rap from Bill's great hand upon its bottom. Roars of pain and stifled oaths issued from it faintly, and the wearer fell down upon the grass and rolled, like a squirrel in his wheel or a dogfish in an ee'. cruive. ' Little one for t'other !' cried the clever landlady; and in half a second Hotchpot was in the same con dition. ' Good night, gentlemen both,'' shouted Bill, as he drove off. ' You goes to trap MiBS Kitty, and you gets trapped by Miss Sally.' Mrs. Rowles laughed so loudly at this piece of wit that her husband - vowed he heard her plainly at the 'Crooked Billet.' Chapter XXXII. — A DREAM. ' Come and nee who we have got here,' wrote my uncle, not quite grammatically ; but the relatives are enongh to' puzzle any one who has not had Latin ante cedents—if on the strength of good spirits 1 may venture upon a very ancient joke. I knew who it was ; there could be no suspense or doubt. With those very brief words of his came a little note, in the hand that always made my hand shake. \- 'Darling Kit,' it said; ' I am so sorry to hear of yonr . long and fearful illness. But, thank God, yon are getting better now, and will soon be as well as ever, I do hope. I cannot tell yon what has happened till you come, for it wonld only excite and worry you. It really seems as if there was something always to keep us from one another. Bnt we must try to get over it, my dear; and if we keep our trust in a Good Provi dence, we shall. Your uncle is the kindest of the kind to me ; and I am ever so much better, though I only came last night. I feel . that I could wander all day long in these lovely gardens, with (he blossoms, and the buds, and be sb happy and ss free from care as they are. Bnt I am not to stay here, as your uncle thinks it better that I should have two pretty rooms at Widow Cutthumb's, which ate to be let very reasonably indeed, and 1 mean- to write to ask my father for ine money.' Yon must not come back one day .sooner on account of my being here ; mind that, or I shall be veiy angry with you. This iB .not because I do not long, -to see you, for yon know better than that, dear Kit; bnt because I want you to get quite well, which is a great deal more to me than my own health. And so it always should be, if people love one another. Give my best regards to yonr aunt, Miss Parslow, and tell her (hat I love dogs qnite as much as she does. And I once had a dear little dog of my own, hut be was.taken from me. Now, mind what I say; for I will be obeyed ; at any rate until I have to swear to the contrary, which is never carried ont by the ladies nowadays. My dear dear, I shall be afraid to look at you. . They tell me you are so different from what you were. And 1 get long wrinkles np and down my forehead, if ever X allow myself to think of ft ; and though I try not to do it, it will come back again. But never mind ; vou will - be -as. strong as ever when yon have a good kiss from Your own Kitty.' ' Well, I call that something like a true love- letter,' my Annt Parslow mid,; when *he had contrived almost to compel me to show-it to her, which I did not feel sure that I had any right to do. 'That's a true ? woman, though I never saw her. She thinks of you ten times at much as of. herself; and no man nan pretend to-say that ho repays it, even when he happens to . deserve it, which has never happened to any gentle man 1 knew. Yon write, land yon talk, and you go on with fine words, till# people who listen to you believe that yon mean to give np your own wayB altogether. And perhaps yon do believe it at the time, for yon never know yonr own minds at all. But about three days of it— that's all there is. I know it from friends of my own; though, thank God, I had sense enongh never to fry it myself. And tten it iB, 'Mary, could yon fill my pipe? It would be so sweet, dear, if you did it!' Or, 1 Louisa, I most have left my handkerchief upstairs. Did you happen to notice where I pnt It, dear ?' And she Is fool enongh to run for it, and kisses him on the bottom step.; and her life is a treadmill afterwards. Your Kitty is quite of that sort, mind. 1 can see it in every word she writes.', , ' W ell, Aunt Parslow, and you would have been the same, if any gentleman had had the luck to offer yon upon his alter.' . ' I believe 1 should,' she answered, with a snap at first; and then she smiled slowly, and said, 'No doubt T should, Kit. But try to be no worse than you can help with her.' If anything can rouse a lover's indignation— and there are too many things that do so— such a calm assumption of his levity and ferocity is the first to set it boiling. ' VVhat are you thinking of ?' -1 asked, with out even adding. 'Aunt Parslow.' ' I am pleased to see you in that state of mind,' she continued ; when gratitude alone preserved me, without even a half-glance at her twenty thousand ponnds, from the murderous speech that was on my tongue. ' Bnt you are veiy young, Kit. You will come to know better, wheu you have had enongh of this sweet Kitty. Enongh very soon becomes too much. And then what do yeu do ? You neglect them, and think that you are very good indeed, if you do no worse.' Miss Parslow was not at all a spiteful woman ; even too much the other way, if that can be. And of such things she could have no experience, because she had never risked it. But being deeply hurt, I said, ' You know best.' She turned back into the house, with all her dogs at her heels ; for none of them cared a bit for the air of heaven, in comparison with their own food and foot stools. And I rather hoped that she would come out and say, 'You have been very rude to me ; get you back to Sunburv.' Being in a fine large frame of mind — though the frame was too large for its contents, I trow — what did I do but pull out my Kitty's letter, and begin it all again ; just as if every word of it were not in my heart already. But it adds sometimes to the satisfaction of the heart, tobe assured once more by the eyes and brain that they knew what they were doing when they brought it the good news. The valley of the Mole was very lovely, in this flush of the fair springtide. Bend after bend, bud after bud, tint upon tint, all as soft to the eye as the sense of them is to the spirit within ; with the twinkle of the sun stealing through them shyly, as a youth, in the morning of bis love, quivers as he glances at the beauty of his maiden. All these delights double their enchantment to the weak, as the lights of heaven multiply when the eyes are full of tears. J upiter (who was the greatest light, at least of the eartb, to Miss Parslow) ran up and sniffed at me, and aid, ' Look out,' as clearly as the dog of a most obEer ant and genial writer has learned to say it — up to the last advices. And alter him came his mistress, no longer didactic, but deprecative. The beauty of women is that they chauge so rapidly. Who does not love a kaleidoscope ?. ' 1 have been thinking over your affaire,' she said, that she might seem consistent; 'and I find my first opinion quite confirmed. The moment I knew what vour condition was, I said — as you must remember, ' There is only one thing to do, and the sooner we get it done the better.' I will not place myself under any obligation to Mr. Henderson, though I feel that lie has behaved very well, in not coming over to bother me. 1 have sent down and ordered the fly with a pole— I forget what they call it, I dare Bay you know — and I have ordered the green room to be got ready. She must not think at all of her complexion in the glass. It will be as right as ever, when she gets down stairs.' ' I have no idea what you mean, Aunt Parslow. But you must not be put out, because 1 was always slow.' ' And they talk of the masculine mind ! Oh dear, any girl of yonr age would have known in a second. There is such a place as Leatherhead. Isn't there now?' ' Beyond a doubt. And you the first lady in it.' ' Very well. And there is such a place as Sunbury, and a toad between them, though not at all a good one. Well then, at Leatherhead there is a young man, crotchety, grumpy, whatever you like to call him, but horribly stubborn, and possessed with one idea. And at Sunbury there is a j oung lady to be found, very little better I dare say, and possessed with the same idea, only upside down, as women are supposed to see everything. They have got it into their Btupid heads that they cannot live without one another. It would cost more to take the young man to her, and perhaps he would never come back again. It is cheaper to fetch the young lady to him; though it can't be done under a guinea. And the fly with two horses 'will start in half an hour.' I told her she was the best woman in the world ; and she answered that I was a hypocrite, yet seemed pleased with my hypocrisy. Then we bad a debate whether Kitty would come, in which 1 maintained the negative, for the sake of being convinced, not against my will.' ' You are a perfect stupe,' said my aunt, with sound judgment ; ' yon don't mow what a woman is, half so well as Jupiter. Not to talk of affection, or any of that stuff, a woman thinks ten times as much as a. man does of the wickedness of wasting money. If I went myself, ' she would think 1 came for' a drive, and her conscience would be easy. If 1 sent one horse, she wonld hesitate a great deal if she did not want to come. But when she sees two horses and an empty carriage, do you think she would let the man get all the money for nothing? it would take four horses going the other way to prevent her jumping in and saying, ' Well, I sup pose I most.' I shall write her a very pretty note, of coarse. You had better not be well enough to send anvthiog but yonr love.' 1 was only afraid that Uncle Corny might take it as rather. a slur upon him to have his new visitor stolen like this. But Miss Parslow (who was «lways ex tremely desirous to have her own way, when .her mind was made up) declared that she ; wonld make that all right with him. And so she did, by reasoning which 1 did hot try to penetrate, and which she put vaguely in her note to him. For it was something abont clothing, Aand deficiency of wardrobe, which men cannot understand, and are impressed with reaiily, when the duty of paying forit falls on someone else. ' Not that 1 intend to pay,' said Miss Parslow, in confidence tome, though my uncle was led by her letter to a contrary conclnsian; ' but my credit is good in Leatherhead. £ shall get a few things of a be- - coming Btyle and tone for her, and have the bill made ont to Professor Fairthorn. Messrs. Flounce and Fur below may have only got one window, but tbey get their goods direct from Paris; and I see from their circular they expects large consignment of very chaste articles, and the latest mode, to-morrow. It will be most fatiguing at my time.of life. But if I like the girl, as. I suppose 1 shall, I can scarcely refuse her the benefit of my judgment.' ' 1 think I b ball go down the hill a little way and see what they have got in the window now,' I answered, for the two horses now had been gone some four hours ; ' and then 1 shall know the old stuff, if they attempt to mix it with the latest mode. You can scarcely be too sharp in these little places. It is not that they want to cheat anybody, and they would rather not do it to a native. Bnt I should just like to see hdw much they have got now.' ' Ah, there is a fine view from the pavement there. You ran see right into Middlesex, and even' Berkshire, I am told, when the day is unu-ually tine. But 1 never knew it fine enough to 'see fire miles. You might as well go and play with the dogs, my dear.' To play with the dogs was very well in its way, and had lightened many a listless hour, when the body was slack for its to and fro of action, and the mind could take no food, except as a dog bites grass. Then the trickB of the doggieB, their sprightly flashing eyre, and perception of one's meaning almost before it knew itself,, as well as their good nature and enjoyment of a joke, and readiness to tame their wits by the dower pulse of mine— take it as I wonld or might, here was I always something to teach me that one Is not every one. I But I could not see the beauty of this lesson now. J Selfish love had got me by the button-hole, and there never is much humour iu the tale he tells. It i6 all about himself, and the celestial one who sent him ; and he is so much in earnest that he cannot bear a laugh. Even the crinoline in the little narrow window of Messrs. Flounce and Co., where they had to hang alternate, one high and one low, not to poke each other's ribs, although they reminded me of what I had seen in church, suggested it without a single smile to follow ; for my mind, in tbe reverence of love, was able to peoule them with the sacred form inside. And yet at any other time I must have laughed, recalling as it did the ingenuity of ladies, who con trived in our narrow pews to reconcile their worship of a Higher Power with that of their own frocks. And the ladies who now go limp may be glad— when fashion comes round in its cycle — to remembpr how their mothers made the best of it. Each lady alternate stood on a high hassock, each lady intermediate upon the church boards ; and so their cages underlapped or overlapped each other ; and when it came to kneeling one could hear them all contract. There were quite as clever women then as those who end in serpents now. Vainly I looked down the hill, and vainly back at the crinolines. The only way to get the thing desired is to leave off hoping fc r it. \V hen the sun was gone, and the silver mist was gliding like a glow-worm np the vale, and all the good people of Leatherhead had lit their ' pipes and come out to talk, I went back slowly to Valley-view, with many a futile turn of head, and ears loo ready to be deceived. But the only wheels I heard were those of the fishmonger's cart going quite the wrong way, for I knew that he had been with a middle cut of salmon to the hospitable gate of Miss Parslow. ' You had better go to sleep. Here is Betty nearly wild,' my aunt cried as she pushed me in; 'that blessed butcher has only just sent the lamb, and the boy let it fall in the middle of the road. I hope to goodness, she won't come for two hours. If she does, she will want sandwiches ; and there is nothing in the house to make them of. Go and lie down, Kit ; don't you see you are in the way ? 'What a lucky thing 1 told the man to rest the horses for at least two hours at the Flowerpot. When he gets into the tap, he is pretty sure to make it four. Vou look as while as a ghost, poor boy ! Bother that love, it spoils everybody's dinner! I haven't got a bit of appetite myself ; and the first bit of salmon for the reason, except one ! Go in, get in ; lie down there and roll. Why, you couldn't even tell where to find the mint ! ' This was all the sympathy 1 got ip my distress ; and when she had poked me into the little room, or lobby, with a horsehair sofa, where to roll meant to roll off, she locked me np, as if I had been a pot of jam ; and all I could hear was the rattle of tbe dripping-pan, or the clink of the plates in the warmer. It was worse than useless to repine; so I lurned my back to every thing and went to sleep. Iu sleep, as it has been said of old, tbe fairest and sweetest gifts of heaven descend upon helpless mortals. Then alone is a man devoid of harm, and gone back to his innocence, and the peopling of his mind is not an array of greed and selfishness. Then only is be far away from malice, and corrupting care, and small im patience of the wrongs (which only sting when they strike himself), and bitter sense of having failed through the jealousy of others. And only then — if his angel still returns, though 6eared and scouted— does he know the taste of simple joys, and smile the smile of childhood. What wonder then that his Father comes, with returning love to him, while he sleeps ? Then if the greatest gift of God to man, that he can see and feel while in this lower world of life, is that which was the first vouchsafed — the 'ove of one who thinks and tries to make him nobler than herseif — though she generally fails in that— how can it come more gently to him than as it came, the first time of all, when he has been cast into deep sleep ? It seemed to be no time for words, and even thoughts found little room. My cheeks were wet with loving tears, gentle sobs came to my heait, and faithful hands were locked in mine. A sweeter dream never came from heaven; and if sleep] were always so endowed, it would be well to sleep for ever. (2b be continued.) 