"MAIL NEWS, OUR LONDON LETTER. From Our Correspoxdent. LONDON, 7th December. I liovcr remember a December which opened with so littio of a December appearance. The weather is unseasonably mild, and though there is plenty of timo beforo Christmas for Nature to assume a more wintry aspect, it does not seem at all unlikely that snow and ice will be un known entities ' litis si.le nf fl,. «... — — ..... — « v. ..... .tut, J e.t; . Tho absence of the usual bracing weather seems to exercise a depressing influence on even the London tradesmen, for I don't think- a- poorer' show of Christmas novelties lias been witnessed in the shop win dows for many a year past. This is rather ex traordinary, seeing what -an impetus trade in many branches lias recently received, and how favorably the -numbers of the unemployed will compare with tlio stato of the - labor market this time last year. With more money than': usual' to spend, it looks, however, as - if the spending classes this year would'have abnormally little to spend their superfluity on. But if the weather is exceptionally mild, there is 110 denying it that matters in the political sphere are exceptionally hot. First of all wo are in the throeHofan autumn session, ' arid one in which Opposition passion runs so high that, instead of the Govern ment getting through the routine business of the estimates as a mere matter of form, as they fondly anticipated/almost every item is keenly scrutinized/discussions being raised and divisions taken on important questions of general policy in connection with almost every paltry vote. The salary of tho Chief Secretary for Ireland proved a regular " red rag" to the Opposition "bull"; and Mr. Balfour was most severely baited on all hands. At various recent pro vincial demonstrations Lord Salisbury's nephew has been pretty free in his denunciations of air. Gladstone's career and policy. For these ho 'was paid hack with interest the other night, Sir. Gladstone beginning by rebuking Sir. Balfour for his personal attacks upon himself and then proceeding to launch into a personal invective of Sir. Balfour far moro scathing than any of the abuse in which the latter had indulged in Sir. Gladstone's regard. Tho Opposition leader's wrath grew to white licat in iris . condemnation of Sir. Balfour's unfairness in drawing com parisons between his own coercion Ad ministration and that of Lord Spencer, Mr. Gladstone's own Lord' Lieutenant. Sir. Balfour bad argued in one of his speeches that if he was wrong in applying tlie ordinary prison discipline to political offenders, Lord Spencer and his Chief Secretary, Sir George Trevelyan, were equally.' guilty in the case of Mr. Harrington and others, who .had, be'en\ similarly treated under their Administration. Mr. Gladstone was, how ever, ablo .to, show that there was really no analogy '.between' "the cases, as the moment it came to . Lord Spencer's knowledge that the ordinary . prison discipline was- being insisted on lio" ordered its'; relaxation'; whereas; at the present juncture, it was by Sir. Balfour's express instructions that political offenders were sub; jeeted jto ' indignities which, under the Liberal rigime, 'bad been suspended so soon as they had come under tlie cognisance of the Irish executive; In conclusion, Sir. Gladstone challenged Mr. Bal four to contradict the explanation which he lmd offered, and called upon him in case he conid not deny tho facts to fully and unreservedly apologise to' 'Lord Spencer. Mr. Balfour re sponded, in'liis usual slap-dash style, evading where he could not answei-, and shifting to new groiriid where liis debating instinct told him the old was insecure. Sir. . Balfour lias plenty of pluck, but he is as inaccurate in debate as he is audacious in administration; and there can be no doubt but that tho honors of tho discussion rested with Sir. Gladstone, whoso glowing periods arc bound to produce n considerable offcot upon tbo public mind. . To convince oneself of Sir. Balfour's deficiencies, one lias only to compare him with Sir. Forster, whoso dogged English conscientiousness was so much bettor calculated to commend his policy to his countrymen than the flippant smartness nnd superficiality of his successor. Like uncle, like nephew, may be truthfully said of tho Premier and his young relative; .' tho former having excited a storm of indignation and rebuke, even in Anglo-Indian circles, for liis avowedly injudicious reference in one of his. Scotch speeches to an eminent Indian publicist as a "black man." Nothing could be worse coming from tho Frimo Minister of England, when wo consider the extreme susceptibility of tho divcrso races by whom our rule is rather tolerated than loved in India. Furthermore, tho hit hnd but littio personal point as Sir. Naoroju, against whom tlie shot was directed, is really a good deal: more wliito comploxioncd than Lord Salisbury's , own colleague, Sir. Ritchie. As the Pall Mull i Gazette rcmarKs, it was a greased eartnuge ; which caused tho Indian mutiny, nnd disagree able, though not probably directly disastrous, effects are likely to follow from this latest " flout and jar " of our able but injudicious Premier. The St. George's Club, under Sir. Castle's 1 management, seems to have established itself as a contra for "colonials" from nil quarters of tho Empire. It will bo remembered bow disastrously tlio ill-fated Empire Club failed, so that some credit is due to the administration of tho St. George's, which, though not oxactly the ideal thing, is at least a successful stop gap. . Tho usual monthly house dinners arc now in full swing, Sir Saul Samuel last month disporting himself in the chair, which on Wednesday Inst was taken by even a greater " gun" — Lord Carnarvon. Tlie latter is generally regarded in political circles as what is vutgnrly called " an old woman." But lio is certainly a very nice one. In private life I10 is greatly beloved ; tlio extreme conscientiousness nnd excessive squcamislmoss which havo marred his success in the political arena making him the idol of the social and domestic circle, where his hearty kindliness and high sense of lienor arc recognised by all. Liko tho late Lord Iddcslcigh, ho was -not meant for tlie rough and tumble of our constantly more embittered and self seeking public strife. As a chairman Lord Carnarvon possesses cvety quality that personal tact and social polish can confer. There was, therefore, a good muster at tho dinner over which he was to preside. As everybody knows, he is the head of the house of Herbert ; and, of course, Sir Robert Herbert must he there to chaperon his ciiicf. Kqnally/ as everybody knows, Sir Robert' Herbert is, except in name, the head of the Colonial Office. It .was therefore eminently fitting that a large contingent of those who have cither received, or hope to receive, favors at tho hands of the Colonial Oifico should also assemble to do honor to their chief. The result was that quito a little constellation of colonial Governors, just in or just, out of berths, assembled to" assist Sir Robert Herbert in supporting tlio chief of his clan. It was amusing to witness tho unctuous deference with which each petty viceroy in esse or posse approached and greeted tho great arbiter of his fate. And it was amusing, also, to witness witli wjbat patronising pleasant ness the compliment was passed on, and each littio satrap " in turn presented by the Herbert of the Colonial Office to the Herbert of the evening. It was really a study in deportment seldom, if ever, excelled to see tlie fine blending in Sir Robert's air of patronage of the satraps and deference to the head of his House wjiicli played oyer his expressive features during this introductory ceremonial. The announcement of dinner put an end to the introductions and the entertainment, and the dull part of the proceedings commenced. Amongst tlie guests were most of tlie Agents- General, of whom, however, I only recognised Sir Graliam Bony, Sir Saul Samuel, Sir Arthur Blyth and Sir. Archer. Sir James Garrick conversed amicably with his displacer in Victoria-street, and both gentle men paid tho usual tributes to the millionaire attractions of Sir. Walter- Hall, one of the largest owners of Mount SIcrgans. Having got on to tho moneyed interest reminds me of Sir. SVestgarth, whom I saw receiving innumerable congratulations ' on his safe return, from those who liad not betorc met this genial friend of the colonies sinco his arrival. Sir. Bothcll was also the victim of similar attentions. Mr. Hail- don Chambers, with his blushing honors still thick upon him, represented colonial literature, andsocmcd quite equal to the occasfou. Captain Loftus, whoscwifestillst-icks to " the millinery," was also in evidence; and I must not omit Captain Gray Robertson, Sir. HcatonV brand' new secretary, who came to hear his employer's speech, with a view probably of suggesting elocutionary improvements in the honorable member's delivery. Lord Carnarvon's speech was of the usual , character, and you will have already received the main points by telegram. Sir Graham Berry was for once not eloquent. The Age, half a dozen years ago, was one of the few organs of public "opinion in tbe Emjiire which, from tho very first inception of the anti- Arabi crusade, condemned the Egyptian policy initiated by Sir. Gladstone's Government, and prophesied tho crops of ills which the adoption of that policy has sinco brought not only upon Egypt, but upon England and both the govern ing parties in the United Kingdom. It would be idle to recapitulate the series of little wars, bringing -us no honor and great bloodshed, and ending up with the disgraceful tragedy at Khartoum, which tlie adoption of an initia tory policy' of iniquity lias brought upon the people of this country. No fair minded Eng lishman but would prefer to dismiss the subject and bury the past. Unfortunately this is im possible — at lca3t so long as wo retain our pre sent happy-go-lucky hold 0:1 Egypt. Osmari Digna, his ghost or his successor prevent our ignoring the past as an evil dream. The con tinuance of tlio Arab attacks on Suakim, which tho Egyptians unassisted are unable to repel, has compelled Lord Salisbury's Government to' reconsider the situation.' Either tlio plneo must bo given up, in which caso either the'Arabs or some. European power (the latter the most probablo contingency) would occupy it and both Egypt and ourselves bo dispossessed, or we must come to tho rescue of tlio Khedive's troops nnd assist them with British auxiliaries. The latter course is that which tlio Government have decided 011, but in such an inopt and inconsistent fashion that it seems clear that.tho old policy, or no policy, of blundering on in hand to month ignor- anco and helplessness is to distinguish British action under Lord Salisbury, just ns it did under Mr. Gladstone. The force to bo sent is so small that,- though it may suffice to repel the assailants for the moment, it will have no permanent .effect whatever in compelling tlicm to discontinue their attacks, tho old state of' affairs thus immediately supervening the moment tho.British detachment is withdrawn; About such n course there is neither priiiciplo nor finality, and if an honest vote of the House of Commons could be taken there could bo no doiibt but that' it would result in a censure of. the' Government., Mr.! John Mbrloy raised tlio;. question ' on" the ' diplomatic voto on Saturday last, and quoted with great effect ' tho opinions" 011 Egyptian policy advanced by leading members of the Tory party when 'expressing their hostility to Mr. Gladstone's policy. The speech of the occasion was, howover, that of Lord Randolph Churchill, who, it must bo admitted, vindicated his comploto consistency by opposing to the action of the Tory Govornmcnt the'snmo nrgta- monts which of yore ho used against Mr. .Glad stone and ho boldly avowed that be bated tho Soudan, and would be no party to moro UBeloss slaughter for ends which tho Govern ment declined to . define, and which no sano man could explain or vindicate. Poor Mr. Smith in vain ojaeiilated that Suakim must bo held with a view to tlio suppression of tho slavo trade. Ho could not, however, recon cile tills contention with tho tact that tho Egyptian Treasury was to lie charged witli the expenses of tho new expedition — the suppres- 3U . ' ' - — sion of the slave trade being in u0 Wly „ specially Egyptian interest-most Egyptians being, on the contrary, quite callous about it. Arguing m a circle, he freely asserted that tlio defence of Suakim was necessary to tho safety ot Egypt, but was immediately demolished when asked to point out how tlio temporary loan of a few British troops to the Khedive would enable him to permanently relieve the siege of Suakim. Tlie fact is, wo must either' leave Suakim to its fate or annex it ourselves and garrison it after the same fashion as Italy has done with Massowah. The Government will not, however, face the alternatives, and arc bent on continuing the old policy of blundering and -bloodshed, which, whilst covering us with dis- grace, can only postpone the evil- day. Mr. Morley s motion was only defeated by 35; tho dis- oiissionof tliequestion being resumed 011 Wednes- day last by Lord Randolph Churchill, aftera most sensational and abnormal fashion, on a motion . .tho adjournment of the House.. Of 'this motion, it is stated, he gave notice-to the Liberal party, but failed to apprise - the Government or rJ0"03 an-v. way, Aspersions of treachery were thus freely handietl about, and as the. Liberals mustered in strong force it seemed for- a time as if the Government would be defeated. tl m v- l'7ZCV' ?Cni outa I,asty wbiP. and with a'.dof,the J-'beral Unionists succeeded in repelling the nssnult by a majority of 42. Lord Randolph vindicated his impromptu attaok on the ground that it was absolutely necessary for the House of Commons to interpose to prevent the useless slaughter which, he calculated, would ensue not later than Sun day next. He also - boldly assorted that all tile leading military advisers of the Government had condemned the operations as leing undertaken on too small a scale, and he challenged the War Secretary, Mr. Stanhope, to deny vvhat lie had asserted. Lord Randolph spoke 111 his best style, and liis reference to Bright, against whom ho ... contested a division of Birmingham in ' 1885, was both pathetic and impressive. " I do ask the House, said the noble lord, ''most earnestly to exert its authority. I ask it to stretch out its arms, reaching out as it were many thousands' of miles away, right down on that African coast, interposing and arresting slaughter and blood- shed. I think I have adduced weighty ground tor that request. But there is another point winch occurs to me, whichlalsoadduco with great hope, but, certainly, with some hesitation. There is a great Englishman, I can call him by no other name, a member of this House, who is now lying on a bed of severe affliction, to the im mense and profound grief of all of us. I cannot help recalling that 011 one great occasion thai great man made an earnest and eloquent appeal to the Houscof Commons to avert and arrest .the slaughter of British soldiers who had been seat to a distant shore, and in . a passage . of singular eloquence, so beautiful and so widely known that while it has ascended to the dignity of a classic it has almost descended to tlie level of a commonplace, ho imploreiLtko. House to exert its authority, to save tho lives of British soldiers who were, in liis opinion,- likely to bo unnecessarily sacrificed. Who is there, I should like to know, i iii . this Ho'uso who, looking back to those days, would not regret that the voice of that- right -:liqiL.> gentleman had , not greater influence -anil power with the Government of that day? Wo of the Unionist party, and I believe "tlie entire House, attach great value to the opinion of that great man. ..-Wo .cannot doubt what advice he would give us .with regard to .this new contemplated sacrifice of British soldiers bad he been among us this afternoon, mid his health and strength permitted. I.do.submit 110 better recognition could be offered by the House, no more brilliant tribute could -be rendered to tlio regard in which his . name is held in . the hearts, of , tho people, . than it" wo ' weie to reflect that ho would tell lis, to pause before we . entered rashly on a career '.of warlike operations in tlio Soudan." I11 reply, Mr. Stanhope was unablo to deny that the authorities at , head quarters - objected - to liis proceedings ; tho English officials in - Egypt were, however, ho assorted, satisfied with hjs policy. Though tlie explanations givQii were as lame as possible, Lord Hartington lent the weight ot his ' authority . to the -beleaguered Ministry, objecting, to Lord Randolph's motion, on the ground that, ita acceptance would ,tond to transfer tho responsibility of military operations from thoHxceutivc Govern ment to tlie House of Commons, n course which lie deprecated. Public opinion in the country is undoubtedly with Lord Randolph, and there is a Btrong fceliu" abroad that if military opera tions are undertaken an attempt should be con temporaneously mailo to open negotiations with tlio hostile tribes, with a view to the establish ment of permanent relations of a friendly cha racter. . Tho Agcnisencral have liecn at Lord Knnts- ford again in refcrence-td permission bciiig given to trustees to invest in colonial stocks.' ' The im pression : scorns to' ho that Mr. Goschcn is the stumbling block in the matter. ' But as Lord Knutsford. promised .to consult with his colleagues ' on tlio' subject, possibly ways and means may be found of overcoming his oppo sition! ' 