; A: Deed of Darkness. -Bt Ascorr R. Hope, in " Boys' Own Paper.": | Author of "A,Strange Trip Abroad," "Bobby j ; Bounce," &c.;, &c.; * ,1 /HEN I was a young fellow getting on to. the'end of iny teens, I went . down into an out-of-tho way part. ..of . Devonshire to ^ spend Christ* mas, with our grandmother, who • ' then usually; had a gathering of tho rising "I generation to7 brighten up her.quiet country jhomk; X'donYlniow.'whether the good lady or . r. her /guests! more, heartily enjoyedthoee annual :.~festiyifcies. . • - A merry party we were, boys and girls for the most part, with only one or two elder folks to tone "down' our' boisterous spirits; and a fine xracket it was that we made in tho dark rambling ' olcl house," which years ago Had resounded to the : ;. laughter,of our fathers and mothers, aunts and uncles,'and now for a few winter days seemed to be filled with strange eohoes from tho past. For once in a way, the dear old granny let us do pretty much as we liked, watching all our jollity with a quiet, smile that had a touoh of sadness in it; for if she could remember the days when she was young and sprightly, she [know that for us. too, there must come a time when our tnougntless heads would have cares and gray hairs, and sober or bitter memories of our own to look back on. In her long life, she had known good reason to be thoughtful as well as thankful; but at Christmas time the gravity of experience was put away in the background ; and she showed herself first and foremost in promoting the time- honoured revelries of the But my tale has nothing to do with holly or mistletoe or snajxlragon or the like. One night we were all sitting round the# fire, discussing, not ghosts or any other such seasonable terror, but the more practical and prosaic subject of housebreakers. A farmhouse not far off had lately been the scene of a bold burglary, a thing almost unheard of in that part of the world, which, therefore, caused a great sensation, not to say a panic, among the neighbours. ' Grand mother laughingly declared that she was not afraid with such a handful of strapping young sters to guard her premises ; and we professed ourselves quite ready to give a good ac count of any burglars who should be ill-ad vised enough to disturb us. I, for one, was boastful enough to express a wish that some rash robber might make the attempt, so as to give us a chance of showing how we could deal with him. Then one of the cousins began to throw doubts on my valour—"Little Ben," as we called him—I being Big Ben, you must know. He was bigger than me a good bit, but then, though be had outgrown me, I was his elder by a year or two, ana the nicknames which had been given to distinguish us in childhood fitill stuck to us all the closer that they had long ceased to be appropriate; when now indeed I was not above being jealous of iny namesake's pre cocious size. »V;:: "Youi" quoth Little,.Ben, - with.>• cousinly bluntness, " if you heard' a burglar anywhere nile of yi within a mile of you. you would lock the door and hide your head beneath the blankets." ,41 Speak for'yourself,'" retorted, in the same spirit of chaff. 441 daro say tho first thing you would think of.doing would bo to crocp under tHcbcd."' *"'v • t 44Lct; u& :hcar.; *W4hat would you do,: Big Ben.?" "cried one of tho others. -• '.44I don't quite know, but I.liopo I should try to make a fight for it, somehow or other. I.haye heard that burgUrs are always cowards." " 44 Well,'we shall see what sort of : a fight you make when tho burglar .com os," laughed Little Ben; and then our cousin Fred interfered to put an end to the discussion. He was the oldest of the cousinliood, an undoubted' man, with whiskers and horses of his own, and a farm and a gun liconso—engaged to bo married, too—to whom, therefore, we all looked up with duo re ipect for such advantages.' 44 You needn't Waste your breath in talking, about burglars," was "his opinion. 44 Gentry of that kind are not such fools as to como near a house liko this, full of boys and dogs." Boys-would be some good, then !•" cried one of the youngest of us, hinting at certain snubs with which tfie senior was apt to be rather free. ; ;44 Yes—to give the alarm, t said. Fred, with an air of serene superiority, and began to talk about something else. - , . Now, I was ju$t of; the. age. to feel sensitive about being treated aa a boy," and, after my cousin Bens taunts, I would willingly have found an occasion to proro iny courage and pre sence of mind. .1 had a~ curious presentiment, moreover, tliat such a chance might come to me before long. . .. r > . . 1 While all the rest of .the party seemed to dis miss the matter as a joke, I; went to bed with burglar on the brain. So'strongly did I feel impressed by the need of watchfulness that I took my • four-footed friend Trip into the' room, and set him to sleep under my bed, looking, of course," to make sure that no bur glarious ruffian was. concealed there, as is well known to be the objectionable custom of such characters. Trip wan nothing loth —one *of the most- affectionate and - stupid dogs I ever saw, a podgy mongrel terrier belonging to my cousin Joe, who had just emi grated to Australia; and as I slept in Joe's room, this bereaved Trip had adopted me for his master, followed me about everywhere, and seemed all at once as fond of me an of Joe him self. I really believe he did not know the differ ence after the first day or two. "You will back me up against the burglar, won't you, old fellow?" said I, patting Trip's shaggy back; and he replied with a growl of fidelity before coiling himself up for the night. When I had tucked myself snug in the blankets I set to considering, calmly and comfortably, how one ojf&ht; to deal with a burglar in case of his turning up, and I mentally sketched out a plan of operations which appeared to me so well conceived that I quite longed to be able to put it in'execution—not, indeed, precisely desiring that my grandmother's house should he broken into, but if it were, I coveted for myself the honour of withstanding the first brunt of the assault. This was- likely enough to come about, for I slept in a room on the'ground floor, its window opening to the garden, and protected by nothing more than a broken catch—a fact which would not escape the notice of any robber who understood his business. Let him corne now, as soon as he pleased ? I was ready for him—that-is so long as he fell properly into my plan, and did not Jail to come alone like the considerate criminal 1 was reckon*, ing on. To be sure, when I came to reflect that X had not provided for the iKj.-.sible contingency , of two burglars assailing me at once, 1 Mt rather I uneasy; but before I liad quite settled the diffi culty I found my felonious fancies growing some what vogue, and,* in short,* fell fast asleep within tonmiuutcs of laying, lay: head-on.tlio \- But; almost immediately^'wasgroused by. L weight resting upon my body and a warm breath' jn my face. X started up m alann, .to find it was no robber at my throat, but:only Trip. That, undisciplined dog, uinaccuRtonibd 'Ito tho "luxiu,y of a bedroom, was determined to make tlio best, of tho. opportunity; and, after trjnng various parte of tlio floor, liail ended by. mounting tho bod, .and made up. his mindtosleep on tlie top of mo. Two or threo times I turned hiin off, ;but always ho porsovorved in trcating'these ropulses as a kind of rough game, with which ho must hare thought me willing to diversify tho .quiot hours of night. At last I hod to give in and lot him havo his way, for tho sake of peace,: since I was to cold to got up and turn him out; besides, the burglar might come any momentX Thus disturbed, my slumbqra wore now broken and light, and I lmd not been in bed more than t au hour or so, when I was effectuaUy awoko by a loud snarl from Trip. What! did I hear the door creaking on its hitigea? I turned my hood,, to sCo ifcstcalthily-anti.fllowiy opened. Then, to my amazement, who entered tho room but tho .very villain I had been imagining;!'"" Thcroconld bo no doubt this time. A ball figure appeared, lun faoo hidden by a black mask, carrying a lantern iu one iiaud and in the-other a large horsepistol of tho good old-fashioned tyjxV, familiar to me chiefly from shop-window pictures of pirates and smugglers,-at one peimy plain and twopence coloured. Treading gingerly on the, carpet, this midnight intruder approached mv bedsido. I raised my head, and he halted,. l>ointing tho pistol full'in my face*as he ex claimed hoarsely, " Your money or your lifo !". I will.not say I was quite at my ease and if I did, you would not believe it, but you are not to suppose mo overcome by alarm. Though for a moment I might shut my eyes before^ tlio flash of. tho lantern—not tho ruffian's threatening muzzle—I retained my presence of mind, aria perfectly remembered how I had: proposed to meet this very emergency,. Mv heart-inny have beat fast, as 1 sat up in bed, tne burglar and I staring at each other, but I' believe -my voice showed no'trace of agitation, as, with a:.well feigned scornful laugh,'I replied: ; " Why, there isn't any cap on your pistol!"! I had calculated <ort this trick to take the burglar's eye off. me for an instant, and''not id vain. Involuntarily he looked to his weapon;! In that instant I caught up my pillow : and hurled it in his face. Then, springing to my feetliko a tiger in a nightshirt, I whirled the long liolster through the air, and before the fellow had recovered from his confusion. I dealt him a blow that sent him staggering half way across the room. To tell the truth he had fallen into my scheme admirably, seeming for his own part by no means at homo at deeds of violence, which confirmed my courage. Was it not well said that burglars were alwavs cowards ?. . " Take that, you scoundrel!" I ejaculated, leaning down'to follow up his discomfiture, and with ono more mighty sweep at his legs, brought him sprawling on the floor. Then I jumped upon him crying out to Trip, till that, thick-headed cur, who nad hitherto been use lessly growling and yelping in the background, took his cue to dart into the combat, and. now ftinned iny enemy by the leg, whilo I knelt 'upon lis chest, smothering him with the pillow, and shouting at the pitch of my voice— rv ^,. v/ "Robbers! Fred ! Ted! Jack! Bill!. .Ben !; Thieves! burglars! Ifere! help! Come quick.!;'; The burglar struggled violently, and tried.to call out, but I- hold him fast, and kept; him * * id; gagged with the pillow. His lamp had;gono out, and we wero struggling in the dark; nob to speak of the cold. But I never heeded the cold; 1 was all in a glow with the pride of my achieve-., incut, and'detcrmiuod to hold him till help came.; Then theyshould ull see what a desperate follow^ I could show myself in the hour.of need.:;; v, "Robbers! Burglars! Here!" I continued, to shout, devoutly hoping that there were no : more of them to come to the aid of their.' fnllen comrade before reinforcements arrived for,' me. !> -Help was pot-loog^in ooming to reUeyeMUO. Not; more than halfa minute could hgve,passed boforo. three or four.of my young'oedsins-ruahed into tho room,- all dressed and.\rtgdy,jsaeh one witlv a lighted, candle, in' his' .haddCiilfluriied with'tho .triumph ofniy exploit, I"wis.tdh much excitixi to wonder nthis'promptitUd6.L'i ■ "I'vegot hiiii fust; Catch holdlef.'htr armsI Bring a ropo!. Lot us shut him up in'the cellar till the polico coino." ." ; ■ :But to .my surprise and indignation, instead ef assisting mo, the first' thing :.theyjdid,wa§ to burst into a fit of hearty laughter.. And when tlicy did interfere, so far from helping me to secure my prisoner, they dragged me on hap, and sent Trip howling away with a kick. V .' "1 "Dont let him get-loose! ".I oried. at which they laughed all tho .more,. arid ohly,itoppcd laughing when, on releasing the victual of my valour, ho was found to be half .choked and seneoless from the fierce embrace with-which I had grasped him, not to speak of this hurt be had got' from that .'dog's teeth while Jus lay helpless on the ground, unable even to oiy out; - 7 "It!isn't a burglar, you idiot'1 - It's Little Ben!" uui'ij And so it wasi as I saw wheri'hismaskwas pulled off to give liirn air—no.other Jbiit my mis chicvous bousm, who bad been acting the part of burglar to play a trick on me,-and had met with a rougher reception than he bargained :faf. "How was I to know?".' ,!.'protested, my heart now sinking with concern, as it had swelled with pride.I feared I might [have dene my cousin.some serious injury. .. . '.; T By this time all- the house was . in an uproar. Grandmother'had come out in her dressing-gown; the other visitors were on foot; the servants were screaming in the attics; all the.dogs'lwere bark ing loudly, outside; add somebody; began with might and main to ring, the alarm bell, whioh before long. would to'use 'the ' Village dose at band. Since the real cause .of the tumult .was in no state to answer, fori himself,; I stood abashed like a criminal, to bear alonelthe blame of having awoke the whole- neighbourhood at such an'untimely hour. ■ ,., '' What on earth is all this row about ? " It was Couvu ITred.^who_Jiere appeared upon the scene, attdrwhen he gpi'.tb knowJwhat had Jiaj3penod/addrefi8ed hiin6elfldy<»lm^ the con* fusion. Indiscriminately scoldingT.'usas a set of senseless boys for disturbing grandmother with our folly,;he hurried off to rcasaureVher and to send the .servant to bed, theanril)£ck>to attend to Little Ben, who, being sot lip andZHaving all my jug of cold water poured overf his', head by zealous hands, soon came to himself" and turned out to bo not so much the worse after) all. He and his confederates presently slunk te their rooms, feeling rather asliamcd of the .way that prauk of thoirs had luissod off, and toe proper peace of midnight .was once more restored to the scared aud shivering household. Next Moniiug there was ofcoiirseja good dew of laughing at us all, especially at us two Bens; but clearly I had the best of tho joke,- and my big cousin Little Ben could not but be aware that tire vigorous handling he had,met with served, him ouly right. Lucky for , him to have oomo off so lightly, was the general verdict. I do not think lie . was ever so fqolish'w to play the burglar again j and J ain glad to say'I never in iny life nod-occasion to tost my courage in a second such midnight encounter. So this is all my tale, and I wish tho reader a Happy Christmas, frco from the fe^r of robbers, .the teasing of cousins, the nightmares of mdi gestion, and ovcr'y drawback to'tho joys of the season;, . . . _ . . 