"Attlius" in the Lradr, What has becomo of the oap aterlse who during the past year uade the pages of the daily opers gay with their fJustratlolns What lns Ibecome of the eyndleste promoters whoI so brilliantly colored these soap., Atld held out the hope of a fortune to everyolne with courage enough to venture his all u ael allotmeol t within 10 miles of the eit I And what will become of the poor pullell who believed in the mlllp tmukers san syndllcte promoters, and who have to fecesoherly this yo.lr the nbllgationse they unmertiak when. tintoxlentd with the excitement of 18181 lItat ytear was a very jolly year u'IilI it lasted, or at least till ttlthl the last two or three tnonths of it, tlwhen the bubila began to burst. WV\tt thil year wlls Ito reUslte to be seen, but thoer is reason to belleve that It will be a time of saving and plcuoug, of ie. puetting at leisure over rlaty esoafltltig, and of laying down footpaths itl gootd len. tontiones-that the aikersn ill sunder fro at the first opportuunity. uMany reni A-I sadtlqr for their ex pelieuwc of 1YY, lbut hiow many are wiser? flow tsouy fathers of families will resist the audden opportumltles for wealth that will open tits year, or the next, or the year after? fIow many bank or Ctovernimnlu t ohicials, with the Wailllllge of 1888 Iefore thteIl, will prefer nstaIl asylaei and hoonesty to the C h aee ni a gamblera portion or the gaol ? None of as cn tell nlone can say how the temptation may ouito or who may yiell. 'The orla dead -lomng live the year I May all of you, my frliend, Ihe out of gaol, debt and d?lliuuly tills day 12 months. A gentleman has beeo writnlogtothe papers to draw mornlsa (lot "sone lute eventl." lie conllders that the iecerib audilllutin of publio life for the last year wasu sort of provilential woe king to separate e gnat of thle comnlerclil and otll icil weodd brou ithe sheep. " Manlly onen are Ioneet to the Ver and shove temlllplt[oe," lie says, "while othern are inherently disaotest, and otly lank telptation to prove it." It was etighl, therefore, that opportunities abould be gensl to the very honest to prove their hleoney, and to tie rogues who lie aoonugst as n.t suspected, atil who oly ruijutie a little temptltlon to Ibetray their real citharter, " mlen," eays .lOlrality, "re ?ittolbeeculI honest who are only so while tot telptned, and tile occtrreuoc of virouunsts?nes sbluh tend to test their true slh?areerhould lint lie laseloted by those who feel its moural duty to mark upon every )tpp ortstllty the important distinction litween the lhonest and the dlihonest." I remacmuws ma?e read. Ing a quaint oil) book Jn whc?h the, sees a requeat convoyed that w?og ?hb. uttie e led ilto tomptation "-or, as the lawyers would say, "words to that efrfete" If 1id a lnopy of that book which, I fear, I. now out ai print, I should send it to ".aorallty," It might nIot do hin good, but it nwould sltlrd hien a chance for another letter asgalnst the immoral author. Professor lertholoeltew has conte to C glel, andl I supposo tha ttthose who ltwnessd lhil mishap consider thtelelves to luck, T'o see it m tan drop f.ron a Jtright si 10i00 or 4100 feet withlut being in uay ay Ijy ured, tustl he as Ilsalppoliutilg ? it Ias to tlhe ohild who went to see thebosomelan nu t lils heau into the lion's mouth lid who eoull. lainedt that tile lion ' did not emaei Iite Ili tad off." The " profeuosao eoneslders tiat it was the lightnless of our utmoolpere thast wes responsible for lhmisuifortlene lie stys that " the air It the colouils I sio tInu lighter thnu that which lbeesrperelssd In his deeeonls at Aescllea ithat he sotoons dlown tmuch faster hero thian his Imarehute would allow him to do in ithe tates l" Perhapsl the prIoles?nr is int eawre that lillbratt where heo utde his desmat isowore thua 14110 feet over the sea level, hled is lulloe sutl., dlent to account fir the ,eaity be uonllmdalunm of. I wouldn't have taken the trouble to correct this, but fur the loptied reptsach on oar atlosrephre ein his rerhn a, Int a work written by BJaron u A Mueller, sand Ipublislled for " the Iorsumenut 1,f Iu, torit," a few )'ears ago, it Is lisllstlly stated that the ?t.tet!ti'ti lohlu fu u"ltistal a height of 400 feet," whileoftbe I~..?itely?/da amnoiptfddita it i tee itten that it fsaels ' tit rarely a height of over 400 In't," Ill ntlothler work, conli oil Iy Mr itrougb Iluyth whetn Secretary for Mlillne and pjinted anid pub, lished by the Govnernement pjoLter, lisre wnl Mnhelier is given oas thesutbolly for the statemenet that trees were meaur?oe wlthhltl 10 Iiles of Ilealesville of the brhght of 4I0 fhot, unld nr Smy'th conlueoiu hls bly eutlingt that eleong the roniges at the souries of the Yarra the . .,atflt 1inma nsdh, o les a height of quite 400 feet." taxeh etae thues for. molly inetlo by two high mid respolisblle (iovoernment olticers ou maiuttrL III fuct ashould be copablo if Iproof, llumii von Mieiller alppeats to have croed thoslle giant gums out of his vivid isiisatllotl, for in tihe stritest search, and after the offer of a handsolme reward, none of th)tu can he found. The tallest tree that could be foulnd after months of search was one on a spur of the Blaw Hlaw, 320 feIt highI, sile the neat to that wan only :107 feet, and the emomuleis' sioners of our Exhibition mhBo ere looklueg for them have had to put the 400 fouuols nl the class with the ltunyip, Srs Jlarls anid Fisher's ghost. Supposion the latiul his got one of hli numerous deewattioes fir de. serihing our big trees, is it right for hlil to retain it? Lanld owners ill country dletdele allow a very eager desire to find out froa ite tflying aurvey parties the course the Ironl Ihore IA likely to take through the balh, It is, how. over, strictly against orders to furnishi any Ilfonrmtiou to the publie, uand a ur'uulur was recently sent to all alilway surveyors directing them to caution their melduyole thug , ,breach of this r?t swould tenl to severe punishment. " )uit,o" nuld youngII Theodollto to hi cllsI, "jI we lbserve that rule strletly we'll starvei It's SE iellues to the nearest store, and 've're derlpendenr t on oltd mlnoln, the squaltter, for Imeti, elllk, hutter alld vegetablea. If we tell hlti nothilg he'll neither dree nor rell us anly. thing.' " You can ell loti m ie much ams you like," was the reoasuring ieply of thei senior, m san long as you take care ulot tt tell hime any Iruth I" 