KKAVS OF CLUBS^THE &OUJPUA-;- A SOMMEB BEVERAGE.—June-iper juice. ANOMALY IN ACOUSTICS—A Silent Creek. : PERENNIAL CBEEPEBS—The Serpent Tribe. FBOSTS are generally dew before they come. THE END OF TH? WOBH>—M&Qey-maJring;: THE CHCBCH MilitaK^-JB^TLE Abbey. NOTICE OF A PEAL—A':|as$pf Lightning: " Oh, do have a little more-^|£t me persuade T h e wagi of the bal^ nurse. A MEEK AcciDKKT—! Lakes. SEHI-DETACHB»—J THE NEW CUT—T3te Ship CanaL THE MIXISTEB OF THE JNTÉÈIOR-^ Gpnter. ' •' ' BACIXG MEH.—The Mid - J£ENT ; Stokcx ; Hop- poles.- ''•- "* ' THE "Fuowkb" OF THE TOBV PAETT— The Primrose. - Is a soldier's life worth living ? Çi It depends upon the lire*. ; S ' - " / . When a woot't ^ttaab jFpa csn depend upon it it isn't à ç&EBie;Ô flhedç. WHEN an office îa otil aèekmg a înan it is like a ghost It ^u^Vtl^iady. XIATEST NLCMÉAHE FOB TOE IBISH &SO;* BETARY—Lawn-Tennis Bal{l)-fbit&'. PARADOXICAL—ThalHen3eysh<$£d, among Begattas, be "cock o" the walk^k MANT & bean who wears a 6Weet-?m?0ING : boutonnière is without a cent in pocket PEN NOTE—The best kind irf'paper for Litter-ary purposes : Straw papa:, of coaree. A " GAME THAT ISN'T WORTH US (S)CANDAL—The tmfair running of racehorses. THE wife who can retain a sure hold upon her husband's heart will never have occasion to take a grip on his hair. IT may sound paiadoncal, bnt cme'e "bare" word is not always sufficient to estabiMi even the "naked" truth. THERE is one thing that the îirrîricités Western cyclone has never yet succeeded ia lifting, and that is a mortgage. OH, water surprise ! And EO there's A scarcity of water in Paris 1 Well, that's nothing new. In France water is altvays l'eau !. PRIEST (to a very sick man)—" Now, if yoa have any earnest desire in your heart, name it" Sick man : " I want to get welL" : ASPIRING Poet—"Don't you like the meter of my new poem ? So fight, you know." Critic : " Yes, almost light enough for a gas meter." " I AM a painter and," said he, " Seek aid from Nature's heart" "I am a painter, too," said she, " And get my aid from art" DARWINIAN NOTE—It is thought that both the monkeys and the parachutists at the Alexandra Palace are intended as illustrations of the "Descent of Man." Miss CHARTTT—Is your husband addicted to the use of alcoholic stimulants ? " Recipient of Alms : " No, indade, mum ; not he. His only faflin' is drinkin'." BEFORE offering yourself to the plnmp-looking toboggan girl you flirted with last winter, perhaps it would be as well to wait until you see her on the beach this Summer. MES. O'BULL—" This is the seventh night you've come home in the morning. The next toime you go out, Mr. O'B., you'll stay at home and open the door for yersilf." MEN are usually willing to give their opinions freely on any subject, but you mustn't expect the photographer of rural scenery to give you his views for nothing. SHE : " You must never let father see you put your arm around my waist" He : "Why, would he be so angry?" She: "No, dear; but he would try to borrow some money from you." A WOMAN has reached the age of one hundred and thirty years, and it is a pitiable sight to see her one-hundred-year-old son sit in the corner and wriggle while he sobs. " Ma, can I go out Ï " AFTER all the objections made to executing criminals by electricity, it is urged by the advocates of that system that after a person has tried the new method once he will never use any other after; TEACHEB : " And now, Hong Foy, can yon tell me the meaning of the words ' (Jo to,' as frequently found in the Holy Scriptures ! " Hong Poy : " Yessee, mam ! TTrrn allee samey ' Come oft" WICKWTRE : "Say, Yabsley, how about the report about town that your landlady refused to let you have your trunk when you changed your lodging-house last week ? " Yabsley : there was nothing in it" THE Ber. Dc. Divine—"I rejoice to learn, Miss De Fashion, that you have decided not to wear a low-necked dress at the party tonight—" Little Dot (interrupting) : " She tan't She's got a pimple on her bosom." ALGERNON : "Say, grandpa, here's a picture of a Roman banquet and they are all lying down to eat. They don't do that way now, do they?" Grandpa: "Er—well, yes, there is more or less lying down at public dinners stOL" ANGRY WIFE (after a quarrel) : " Seems to me we've been married about a hundred years. I can't even remember when or where we first met" Husband (emphatically) : "I can. It was at a dinner party, and there were thirteen at the table." "BOBEBT, dear, what is a jag?" "A jagt I don't know, Maria." " Mrs. Jones says that her husband told her that he saw you down town with your jag on." " Ch, yes, I see. He meant my English top coat It is sometimes called a jag." "YOUR father is an easy, 'come-day, goday ' sort of fellow, isn't he, Clara ! " "Don't mistake him, George. I have had suitors before now who thought that of him, and who have subsequently been obliged to admit that he was a person of considerable push." THE only way to solve the problem, "Is marriage a failure? " is to try it It reminds us of tiie story anent the toadstool and the mushroom. How can you tell a mushroom from a toadstool ? By eating- it If it is a toadstool you die ; if it is a mushroom you don't TTB was an artist courting the daughter of a retired sea captain. While they were .seated together one evening in the dimly-lighted parlour he was surprised by the hoarse exclamation of the ancient mariner in the nest room, " Cast off that painter P* Bat she explained tfat her father was only talking in his sleep, and that a "painter " was a rope attached to a ship's small boat, and the ROSY BOY : " Why didn't you take a wedding trip, Bloodgood? " Bloodgood : "Well, nywiie ft iroppn't be much of A nov^ty for BB? We jmet Mcst ga a stœoiîér^ tiw Atiaatic Ocean, I JM^IOSEAUF^^DEH^'W^^^^^^W&SRIA;, Le marriage settlement wae afc^m^pHi the United States, and we were married in New asey." SOCIETY PEEB WHO KEED PROTECTION-.— Peopie wOl never be able to realize the multitudinous dangers to yhich human life is constantly Joobjected.. ;A Cincinnati boy was itijr Inïtim by ataine bat which had been j about the tibuse, and the symptoms of hydrophobia became so strong that he was sent to Pasteur. Bight on the heels of this comes the story of a Kalamazoo young society belle who was so severely stung by a bedbug that she couldn't turn her head on the street to see how (mother woman's dress fitted behind. There should be a law passed compelling people to muzzle their bats, sad as for bedbugs we have all along taken the .stand that they should be carefully bathed in coal oil and then taken away from their rich diet of society belle and fed on insect powder for a few weeks. Their stingers should then be cut off with a big pair of shears before being allowed to run at large again. Our society pets must be protected at all hazards. CASTE IN RAS CLOTHING BUSINESS.—Algernon : " I notice that you did not respond to youngBrown'e bow." Augustus-. "No; his family does not amount to much, you know. They're only common clothipg dealer's people." "Algernon: "But, goodness gracious ! yaui father is in the clothing business." Augustu?: "^Pu^sale, deah boy, wholesale. Father v â o l i ^ w â i ù çell anything at retail. boy.* . WHAT MIGHT BE.—Dashleigh : " Could anythaa the gauze that lb» . . . va - ' -- • Dumltùgh: "Yes; one." 