\- Y HALL CAINE, . =6ntllor of "The Deonter," "A Son of lagar,"T "TheBShadow of a Crime," etc., ate. CHAPTER IX (Cowrxrsne.) TIHE COMtI?O OF JASON. The two bright lights that led the vessel to her ruin came from the two little bays that lie -under the oaughohl Head. The light in Port. y.Vullin was in the hut of Stophon Orry, who had lit his lamp and placed it im the window when he wont out to bid flrowell to Michael Sunlocks, thinking to evil thereby to aly man but only that it would guideo him home again when lie should return to the boat. The lhght in Port Lague was from the cottage of three old not weavers, who had lived there without woman or girl, or clhick or child, through more thanofooty years. Two of three were brothers, Dantny and Jeuiy lHowley, both ovcrsovntty years old, and their housemate, who was ninety, and had been a companiot of their father, was bknow as Juan MacLady. Danny and Jemmy still worked at the looms year in year out, every working .hour of the day and night, and Juan, Iong poet other labour, cooked and sowed and. clieand for them. All three had :grown dim of eight, and now groped about like three old eartlworms. Every year for five -years past they had needed an extra candle to work by, so that eight tallow dips, made in their own iron mould, swung from the open roof rafters over the meshes on that night when the Poveril struck on the C nrich. It was supper time, though old Danny and oldJemmy were still at the looms. Old Juan bad washed out a bowl of potatoes, filled the pot witll them, hung them on the chimney hook and stirred the poets. Then to make thoemboil the uickeor he hnd gone out with the tongs to -l'-.-. s?of the house for some dry gorse from 'ufo A -Oloi Bap. While there, he had peered through the darkness at the hay for the light on Point of Ayro, and had missed it, and on going backihe had said: I t's out again. That's the third time in sidoea month. I'llgo bail something will happen ITr had got no answer, and so sat down on the three-logged stool to feed the lire with gorse lifted.onth the onlgs. Vhlen the potatoes had boiled, he had carried them to thodoor to drain them, and" then with the click-clack of the leovers behind himn, he had thought hlie heard, over the deep boom and splash of the sea in front, a voice like a cry. Going indoors he had' said, " Plague on the water-bailiff and: commsasioners and kays and councils. I'll go bail thero's smuggling going on under theirvorynoses. I'd have tholaw on the lot of them, so I would." Old"Danny and old Jemmy know the temper olo their housemato-that he was never happy save wlhen lie had somebody to higgle with--so they paid no heed to his mutteringe. Dut wheu Juan, having seot the potatoes to steam with a ra .spread. over them, wont out for the sal herrings to 'where they hung to dry on a stick against the sunny side of the porch, hle was sure that above the cliok of 'the lovers, the boom, and splash of the sea, and the whistle of the wili, he could hear a clamoroue shout of manly voices like awild cry of distress. Then he hobbled back with a wizened face of deathly pallor and toldwhat lie had heard, and the shuttles were stopped, and there was a silenco in the little house. "It went by me same as the wind," said old Juan. n Iaybo it was the nightman," said old Danny. At that old Jemmy nodded his head very gravely, and old Juan heold on to the lover handles; and through those precious minutes -when the crew of the schooner,wero lighting in 'the gripof death in the darkess, these three old mcn, their nearest fellow creatures, half deaf, half blind, wore hold in the grip of euper stitioas fears. " There again,"'cried oldJuan; and through the door that he lhad left opeon the same cry .'oeiein above roarof wind and sea.' isIt's men that's yander," said old Jemmy. "Ay," said oldDanoy. "Maybe it's a ship on the Carick," said old .?Juan. "Lot's away and look," said old Jommy. And theo the three helpless old men, trembling and affrighted, straining their dim .eyes to sea and their deaf cars to hear, .and clinging to each other's uands like little children, groped their slow way to the beach. aDoWn therO the cries wee rolouder than thy had beean on the brows above. " MeIrcy me let's away to Laguo for the :i"boys," said old Juan; and leaving behiond I'thoth e voices that cried for help, the old i#e itrudtred and stumbled through the dark ?ths.oi lwas aleep, ut the old men knoeked' ;-'andrtho windows were opened and niuht-caplod 'headotlrust through. Very soon tihe house and 'courtyard echoed withl malny footsteps, and the boll over the porch rang out through th night, to call up the neighblours far and near. Ross and Stean and Thursten were the first to reach the shore, and they found the crew of the Poveril leded--overy man safe and sound. .but drenlehng wet with the water ie lad pesseo d .through to save his life. The schooner was still on the Careck, much injured already, plunging with every hurling sea on to the shoal beneath her, and going to pieces fast. _And now that help seemed to hbe no more needed the popleo came flocking down in crowds-the Fo eibrothor, with Greesa, rand all their men and maids, Kano Wade the Methodistr with Chalsoy A'Killov. who had been sleeping a night atl is house, Nary Crowe, and TMatt Mylchroest atd old Coobragh. Astd while Davy Korruisah shook the salt water from his sou'wester. and growled out to themn with an oath tlmat they had beenl a plaguoylong time comiln~g, and the skipper bemoanod tho loss of his hp, and the men of their kits, Chatso was down on his knees on the beach, liftin gup his crazy, craekedvoice in loud thanksgiving. At .that the growling ended, ans d then tsher Fair. brother, who had booen the last to come, invited the shipbrokon mon to Lague, and all together they turned to follow ldm.. . 3ust at that momenta cry was heard above the tumult of the sean. Itwasa wild shriek that seened to echo in the lowering dome of the sky. Grooba was the first to hearst. - SThere is. someone loft on the ship," she The moss stopped and looked into each other's rao one by one. ' " No," said the skipper, "we're all hero." Theory was herd.otlce more ; it was ita voic .h fearful agony. "That's from Port-y-Vullin," said Asher Fairbrother; and to Port-y-Vullin they all hastened off, following the way of the beach. There it was easy, to see from whence the cries ,had come. An open fishing boat was labouring inthe heavy sea, her stern hall prancing like oaunbroown h eaken r n her fore-part jammed between two horns of the rock that forksout into the sea from Mhaughold Heod. She had clprly been making for the little bay, when h hohad flln foul ot the shoal that lies to the 1 north o it. Dark oas the ,iiglt was, the sea id sy t were lighter than the bhik ldin stl, nd the o figuro of a msa in tths boat bcould be seen very plainly. -Hawls trying to unship the tant, tarlt hamiglt lighteu the little craft and ease heIr ofil the horns that eld her like a vyceo, hut every fres wave drove her hoald deeler into the cleft, and at each vain* effort he shouted again anid again inroge andfear. A boatwas lying high anid dry en the ohore. T.b of the Fedrbrotlers-Slean anud TIhuretan \--an it into tte water, jumped into it anid .psahed ol. D?ut the tide was still tasking,tte sWawas rltning high, a loew ground swell wets -cent back on tile ehore. "No use, teeti," sahnutodmanyivoices. But threoba cried, " eIolp, lelp, help !" She seoed to he beside lterslf with suspelsie. .SOme vague fear, beyond the thought of a man's lifo inperil eeoteti to ptossess her. Did •else know wvhat it wIaiY She did niot. Site dared not fil her mind upou it. Sieo was afratid of. her own fear. nBut, low dowvn, withint .her, and ready at any moment to lenp I. her throat, wals to dim ghost of a. dread thlat ho whito was in the boat and in clangor 'f Ills lifo on tile rock, iiglht '.tovory nearanddearto lier. 'Witl, her blond ,allcn hack from her head to her hlottlilCro, lthe ,mat to and "tro among tih, obet, on the beach, .,Ig "IIo wilU he loot. Will no oto tare But thie other women clung to the men,, nlth the men shook tleir hedtls attthnisswerod, "ilO's past saving," and " Wo've got wives and chlldreni looking to us,mies- nand what's the use of thlowieg yourlife awtoy i" Stllt the git' criod " telp," and then, a young fllow Iuolhed thoroughl to swlhore shel stood, alit1 a-?id, " Ho's too near for u0 to stand heroe id son iltn die." " Oh, tod bless aotd keep you for over and efrr," criedt oreea; anllfted coral letCiy out of. all oelf-control, shte throw ,cr arms ah-?it the young ma i and kissed hint fer vently on t-he cheek. It wiae Jason. lio 'had found a rope antl coiled otio entl Sof.'It ahout ,hi evwnift, mid held tis • ljnehte eeererod oilther j end: in "iis ":hnd. The' touch of Grseba's qruiering lips hlad, bcd tn.a ire to him. ' '"ay Ia hold, ' he cried, and throwthe loose end o the rope to Thurotan Fairbrother. "Atthe next moment he was breast.high in the sea. The man must have seen him coming, for the loud clamour ceased. "Brave lad," said Greeba in a deep whisper. "lrove is it r It's mad, I'm calling it," said old Davy " - -" Who i it " said the skalper. " "Tho young Icolauder," said Davy. S"Not the lad Jason I" ' 'r on " Aw, yes, tlioiigh-?Dason-th o gawk, as they're saying. Poor lad,'there', a heart at him.", - .,L . : T'oo people held their breath. Groeba co vcroe her eyes with her lmnIdsand felt an im. pulaeoto scream. Wading with etrolg strides, and sewimmingwith yet stronger strokes, Jason reached tho boat. A few minutes 'aftcrwards hoe was back on the shore, dragging the man after him.' . . ' " ,.. : The man lay cnsensible n Jason's arms,hlesed. ing from a wound in' the head. Groeba stooped quickly to pooeer into his face in the dark. nies, and thrs rose ups and turned away witha sigh that was like a sigh of rolief. " He's done for," said Jason, putting him downv. "W ho ohe P" cried a score of voices. ' " God knows; Fetch alantern," said Jason. " See, there's a light in old Orry'slut yonder. Let's amway there with him. Itwill be thenearest place,'? saudiane Wade. T Theun shoulder high they roaised the i-. soinsiblo man and earned him to Stephen Orry's hut. SWhat a weiglt he is "t said artne Wade. "Slip along, somebody, and get the door opeuned." e? liho A'?Ailloy rans on ahead. SiWhere's Stephen, to.night, that he's not out with'ui at work same as this P" said Matt Myl. ebroest. l" He's beon down here allweok," puffed Nary Crowe. In another minute Chaee" asoe knocking at the door, and'calliug loudlyas he knocked."- . "Stophinm, Stephen, Stephen Orry." ." There came no answer, and he knocked again aid called yet louder. "Stnphen, let nus in. There's a man here, dying.' - But nio one stirred within the house. "Heo's asleep," said onc. " tephen--Stephen Orry- Stephen Orry walo up, man--can't you hcar us P Have yeou so bowels, that you keep the man out P" " He's not at home-force the door," ]Kano Wade shouted. One blow was enough. The door wasfas. toned olly by a hemp roetme wound rounda hasp en the outside, ald it fell. open with a crash. Then the men with the burden sotaggeredt into the house. They laid 'tho insensiblo man oni the floor, anid there tho light of tIme loap that burned in the windoew fell.upon his face. " Lord,a.maSSy," they cried, "it's Stephen Orry hissolf." CIIAIPTEt X. THE END OF Onny. When the tumult was over, and all lives appeared to be saved :nand nothing seemed lost but thoetwo vesseols--tho schooner and theyawl, which still roseo and fell on the Cariek and the forked roof of thhehead-and the people soya. rated, and the threeo old not-weavers straggled back to their home, the crow of the Pevoril went off with the Fairbrothers to Lague. Great pireparation were already afoot there, for Ashor had sent on a message ahead of them, and the maids wore hustling about, th ire fi wan rekindled in the kitchen, aond the kettle wa singinu merrily. And- first there was a mouthful -of grog, steaming hot, for every drenched anad dripping seaman, with a taste 'of toast to sweeten it. Then there was getting all tlhe men into a change of dry clothes inorder that they might wait for a bite of supper and until beds were shuffled about and slmledowns fetched out. And high was the sport and great was the laughter at the queer shifts the house were put to that it might find clean rigging for so many, on even 'so short a cruise. WVhen the six tnirbrotlher had lent all the change they had of breeches and shirts, the maids had to fish out fromt their trunks a fewo petticoats and some gowns, for the sailors still unfuruished. But the full kit wasfurbished out at length, and when the ship's complany mustered down in the kitchen from the rooms above, all in their motley colours and queer mixture of garments, with their grizzod faces wiped dry, but their hair still wet and lank and glistening, no one could have guessed, from the loud laughter wherewith they looked each other over, that only an hour he. fore death itself had so nearly tricked them. Like noisy children let out of school they all Wfore, unow that they were snugly housed for osea-gohig man,however he may be kicked about on the sea, is not used to be down. hearted on the land. Aendif two or three of the' compakny continued to complain of their mis fortunes, their growliugs but lent zest to the merrimnent of the rest. So that they laugohed loud when old Diivy, cutting a most ridlielous figure in a lilnsey- wolsoy petticoat and a linen bodice that would inot oeet over his hairy clhest, bcanie to grumble that hlie had followed the sea iorty years und never been wrecked before, as if that were the best of all reasons why ie should not come by such rough harm lowv, and a bhse advantage taken of him by I'rovidence inhis old age. And louder still they laughed at the skipper himself when, still sorely troubled b, his evil luck. he wanted to tkow what ailtheir thanking God vas for, since his good ship lay a rotten hulk on a cruel .reef; anrd ifit wev so very g6od of Providence to lotthem off that rock, itwvould havobeo btter far rinot to have lot them on to it. And loudest of all they laughed, and laughed again, when, an Irslh sailor told them, with . all his oealthl of brogue 'of a prayer that he had overheard old Iavy r v while they hung .o helpless on the oc, tlinkiug never to escape .from it, " Oh, Lord, only save my live this once, aiid I'll sinuggle no more," the tainxmaan had cried; ' and it s not for myself hut ould Betty ax it, for Thou knowestaer e 's tenyearo dead in faug hold churchyard, with twenty rolls of 'good Scothl clo t in the grave atop of her. But I had nowhere else to put it,nand good Lord, only remember the last day, and save my life till dig it up from off her cliet, for she was never a powerful woman." And tho danger being ovor, neitherDavy nor the skipper too it fill that the men should maske port of their groanlngs, for they laughed with th rest, and together they snaked a most roek less uproar. A11 this while, though Mrs. Fairbretlier hed not left her bedroom, the girls' feet had been jigging about merrily over the white holy-stoned floor to got some supper spread, and Greoba, laving tapped Jason on tlie shoulder, had carried lun off quietly to tihe door of the parlour, and pushld lim in there whiloeshe ran to get a light, for the room was dark. It was also cool, with crocks of milk tanuding for cream, anid basis of eggs and baskets of new-made choose. And when she returned withl the candle in one hand, shaded by te lueinous lingors of the other, and its bright light on hier comely face, slie would have loaded linm with every good thing theo ouse ontaineod--collared lhead, aud ,cef, and bin jeea and Manx jough, and the back of the day's pudding. Nothing do ould ihave, how ever, save one thillg, and that made great sport betweec them ; for it was ain egg, and ho ate it raw, merely piercing it with thelu pin slie lent him frol liher dress, and then sucking it through tile hole. At that sight she ,nade pre tencse to shudder, and then sine laughedo like a bell, saying lie was a wild mane indeed, and shel lid thlought so when leo frint noset eyes on him on the shore, and alreadly she was more than half afraid of hlim. Then they laughed again, she very slyly, he very bashfully, anrd while her bright eyes shhone upon hiem sois tol ihimn how like hie vwas, now tlhut sie saw hlim in the light, to some one else she khne' of. Heo iasked liher who that wasn, nil s e ianswered warily, with somuethinug boeteecn smiile nid a blush, that it wiIs one who ihad left the island that very night. fy this time tile clatter of dishes mingled with the laughter nd enorry voices that caunio from the othler sildo ot thie all, and the two went hack to the kitchlen. Asher Fairlrothior, who had been dosing like a sicepdog in the ingle, was thuen rising to his feet, iandc sayilng, " Anld now for supper; and let it lie country falions, girls, at this late hour of thel night." Country flshlion indeed it was, witllh the long oak table scrubbed white like a butcler's board0 nl tlhree pyrnmids of potatoes, hboiled in thelr jackets, tossed out at its head aid foot annld middle, three ihuige blocks of salt, each with its roodenl spoon, laid downr at the samen sLCC1s, and a Iplntao with a boiled herring ai'd a beasi of last night's mnilk before every gfuest. Ainl the seameni slhamiledl into their lpices, any man nnywhere, all growling orlauglinig, or both ; and st maids flippedl about verylightly, rueing nothing, amid so smaniy fresoh aei's faces, of the strange clhanco tlht ihand feotched therm out of their beds for work at double tides. And seeing the two cominig Ibanck together fronm tile parlour, tile bater of the evalllln took ainother turn, leaving old Davy for young Jtasonl, who waes romilded of thle kiss hie lhad earned on the beach, and asked if ever boforo a' sailor`'ll bld got the like from a lady with out Idok or lounglg.' Such was the flow of their binter uunil treeba, being abashed, and too hard set to control the rich colour that mounted to her cheeks, fled laughing frort the room to hide her confusion. But no rudeness was intended by the rude oea-dogs, and no offonce was taken; for in that first hour, after they had all been face to face with death,. the harrier of manners stood for nothing to master or . man or mistress or maid. - But when the rough jest seemed to have gone far enoughb, and J?son, who had laughed at l'rst,-had begun to loang his head- sittingjust wihcro Stephen Orry had uat when,'log yearn before, he took refuge in that house from thu fourbluo.jackets in pursuitof hiiu--old Davy Korruish got up and pullcd his grizzled fore. lock, and shouted to him ubove the tumultof the rest: ' 'overmind tholoblolly-boys,boy," 'hecried "it'sjust jealous they are, being so log out o practice; and there's one thing yost.cu:in say, anyway, and that's this-th lisrns thing you did on eetung foot in the Isle of Mant was to save tholifo of a Mmeuman." ' "Then hero's to his 'right good health,' cried Asher Fairbrotler, with his mouth ht a basin of milk; and in that brave. liquor, with three times throe and the thud mid thuung of twenty hard fists on the table, the rough toast was called round. And in the midst of it, when Grooba, having conquered her maiden shame, had crept back to the kitchen, and' Mrs. Fairbrother, aroused at length'by the lighitsome hubbub, had come down to putanu end to it, the door of the porch opened, and crazy old Chaiso A'KIilley stood upons thu threshhold, very pale, panting for broath, antd with a glhstly tight in his sunken' eyes, and cried, "I o's dying.. Whero's the young man that fetched 1im ashore ? IIe's crying out for him, and I'm to fetch him along with me straight away. " ' 'Jason rose instantly. "" I'll go,", he said, and he snatched up a cap. ..... '. 'A nd I'll go wlth you," -said Gree; andc she caught'up a shawl:.;',?o 4-."" :.r? ; Not a word more w',nas sid"ahd at th4"ienxt Instant, before the others had'reoovered'from their surlprise, or the 'laughter .and lshouting wereyet quite goise from their lips, the door had closed again and the throe were gone. Chalseo in his eagerness to be back strode on some paces ahead in the darkness, and Jason and Greeba walked together. "Who, is it?" said Jason. " Do you know?" "N'o," said Greoba. "Chalse !" site cried but the old main, witl his face down, trudged along as one who heard nothing. She trilped up to him, and Jason walking behind hoard the sound of muttered words betweeu them, but caught nothing of what paesedl.. Dropping hack to Jasoe's side tile girl sid. : " It's a man, whom nobody holds of mouch account, poor soul." "Wlhat is he ?" said Jason. - " A smuggler, people say, or perhaps worse. Kis wife bhas besn long years dead, and he has lived alone over since, shunned by most folks, and by his own saon among others. It was his son who sailed to Iceland to.night." " Iceland? Did you say Iceland P" "Yes, Iceland. It is your own country is it not? But lhe hadn't lived with his father since he was a child. Ho was brought up by my ownvu dear father. It was he who seemed to be so like to you.,' Jason stopped suddenly in the dark lasso. " What's the name ?" ho asked, hoursely. "The son's name P Michael." " Michael what ?" ', " Michael Sunlocks." Jason drew a long breath, and strode on without a word more. Very soon they were outside the little house in Port-y-Vullhl. Chalso 'was there before tlhornom, and he stood with the door ajar. ' " Whisht !" the old man whispered. "lie's ebbing fast. He'e going out .with the tide. L.isten ." They crept in on tip-too, but theor was small need for quiot. The place was a scene of dire ful uproar and most gruesome spectacle. It wasall but as throng of people as it had been nineteen years before, on the .day of 'Liza Lilley's wedding. On the table, the form, the threo -lggaed stool, and in the chimney corner they sat togothot check-by-jowl, with oyes full of awo, most of ther sailot or spakiang low behind-their hands. On the bed the injured moran lay and tossed in a strong delirium. The seut clothes wheroin ho had pased through the sea had boon torn off, his body wrappod n a gray' blanket, and the wound on his head band?aged with a cloth. His lips woao dies coloured, hls cheeks were white, and his hhair was damp with the sweat that ran in big drops to his face and neck. At his feat Nary Crowa stood holding a horn cup of brandy, ald by his head kiolt Ia-tno Wade, the IMethodist, praying ina loud voice. "God bring him to Thy repentance," cried BIanu Wade; " restore him to the jo'y of Thy salvatiln. The pains of hell have'gotten'hold of him. HIark how the devil is tenainghim;. Hie is like to the man with the unclean spirit, who bad his dwelling among the tombs. The devil is gotten" into him. But out wi' thee Satan, and no more.two words about it I Thanks be unto God, weo can wrestle with Thee in prayer. Gloom at us, Satanu, but never will we rise from our knees until God hath given us the victory over thee, lest our brother fall into the jaws of hell, and our own souls be not free from blood-guiltines." In this strain lie prayed, shouting at the full pitch of the vast bellows of his lnnges, and loudest of all when the delirium of the sick man was strongest, untill is voice failed himn freod sheer exhaustiot, anud then his lips still moved, and he mumbled hoarsely beneath his breath. Jason stood in the middle of the floor and looked Oin in his great stature over the heads of the people about him, while Greoba with quiet grace and gentle manners, thinned toe little hut of some of -the many with whom the dose' air emokod amd reeked. After that she lifted the poor restless, trembling, wet hled from its hard pillow, and put it to rest on her own soft arm, withhor cool palm to thei throbbing brow, and then she damped the lips with brandy arom Nary Crow\'s cup. This sho did, and more than this; seemin to cast away from her ini a moment allher lightness, her playfulness, her bounding happy spirits, and in thto sour of ineed to find such tender offlicescome to her; as to all true women, like uanother sdnse, And,.proseuntly the delirium abated,: the wecary head lay still; the bleared eyes opened, tre idtscoloured lips' parted, and the injured mun tried ,to speak. ut before over a word could come, the change was seen by Kaou Wade, who cried, s Thank God, he has found peace. Thank the Lord, who has given us the victory. Satan is drivenl out of him. Moery there is for the vilest of sinners." And on the top of that wild shout old Chaise struck ulp, without warning, and in the craziestspeech that, evercame fron human throat, a rugged hymn of triumiph, wherein all the line were on linhe and all the notes one note, but telling how the Lord was King over dea?th and all the devils. Again and agahi he sang a verso of it, going faster at every repetition, and the otlhr joined him, struggling to keep pace with him ; allbut Grrebia, who tried by vami motions tostep the tumult, and Jason, who looked down at the strango scene with eyes full of wonder. At last the mad chorus of praise came to an end, and the sick man said, casting his weak eaes into the faces about him, " Has he o" He is here," whispered Greoba, and she motioned to Jason. The lad pushed through to the bidside, and lieu for the first time he came face to face with Stephen Orry. Did any voice, unheard of the others, cry in his car at that moment, " JMaso, Juson L thiis s he whom you have crossed the seas to clay, and he has sent for youto bless you, for the last sands of his life are running out !" " Leae us alone together," said Stepl?hes Orry ; nudi Greoba, after beating out his pillow and settling his .head on it, was about to move away, when hie whispered, " Nat you," and held lier back. Then, with one accord the others called on to him not to tarry over carnal thoughts, for his soul was passing through dark waters, and he shlould never take rest Iutil he had cast anclhor on a troublous voyage. " Get religion," criedl liano Wade. " Lay hoult of a free salvation," cried old Chaise. " All fleosh is gas ras," cried Matt Myl chreett. " Pray without ceasing," they all cried together, with much beside in the same wild stnr in. " I cannot pray," tihe sick man muttered. " Thlu we ll pray for you, mate," shouted Bane Wade. "Al' , pray, pray, pray," mumbled Stepliohe Orry, "but it's uo good ; it's too olat-too lute." l" Now is the pointed time," shouted Kaoie Wade. " The Lord cau save to the uttermost -the worst sinner of usa ll." "i If I'm a sinner, lot Ilia not be a coward in my ins," said Stephen Orry. " Tavoe pity on me anl leatve ie." But Kanol Wade went on to tell the story of his own conversion. It was oit a Saturday night of the mneckerl season down at Kinsale. The conviction had fixed itself upon him that if ie did niot heaor the rpardonii, voice before this clock struck twelve, ho woul be damned to all e erunity. When the clock began to warn for ihMidnight the hair of his flashltood ui, fr Ihe was still unsaved.> But before it had tinished striking the Saviour was his, and be was rejoicing ius,a blessed salva. "How can yon torture a poor dying man Y" mutterbd Stephen Orry-.: L ':O " Call on the Lord, mte,'" shouted. Kano Wade, '1' Lord I belave, help Thou my un belaffo.' - "I've something to do, and the pains of death have hold,.of me," muttered Stephen Orry.' , . " "Hd parthopad the thafe on the cross," cried old Chaise,."aud he's gotten parthon loft for you." "Oruel-crupll Ha? 6 you: no pity, for a wretC "dyfing" marl yon Stephen " Youi'v siotlived a riv ht life,brother,"cried Kano ~VWiade, "'and you ve boon ever'wakd in yer intellects, so .nver take rest till ye've r?ad your title clear.' " '.You would searce think they could hlvir"" the ' hchrt" these people--you wquldl sctreo think itI would you" said' Stephen' Orry, lifting his poor glessoyes to Greeba'e' fac,. .. . -.:, Thern with the saeo quiet grace as before, the girl got up, and gently puaorid the roon out of the house one by one. " ("uome back in an' hour," 'she whispered. SIt' was''a;grcesomo spectacle-to rude eothodilat, wite their loud voices and hot faces and eyes of7flame, trying to do their duty by the soul' of tlheir'lellew creature ; the poor tor. turcd sceptic, who knew lie lid lived an evil life and saw nolhope of. pardon, and would not be so much a cowardas to cry for morcy in his last'hours; the young leolander looking on in silence and' surprise; and the girl moving hither and thither among thelm all, like a soft. voiced dove in a cage of iearsoe jackdaws. But when the little house was clear, and the M3ethodists, who started a hymn on the beach outside, had goeio at last, and their sinlginighadl faded away, antd 'there was only the low wail of "the ebbing tides. where there had been so .,?loud a DBabel of . many tongues, 'Stoinh',Orry.''niied himsolf "feebly on hie elb?o '"?.ind"eI ked for' his coat. dason' folid 'it ''on 'thei hearth and 'lifted it up; 'still" damp and stilt, frotm the pud die 'of water that lay under it. Then Stephen Orry told hlm to put his lhand is the breast pocket and take out what he would find there. Jason did as he was bidden and drew forth the bagel money. " Hero it is," hoesaid, " what shall I do with it ?" " It is yeurs," said Stephen Orry. "LHire ?" said Joasn. H"I mea.t it for my son," said Stephen 0rry. He spoke in his broken ;Englih, but lot us trik' the words out of his mduth. 'It's your now, my lad. 'ourteen years I've been gathering it, meaning it for my eon. Little I tlought to 'art with it 'to ia.'stiranger; but it's ydurs, for you've earned it." t" No, nio," sala Jason. " I've earned no: thing." - " You tried to savo my life," said Stephen Orry. " Icouldn't help doing that," said Jason, i"."od I wanlt ino pay." " But it's two hundred pounds, my lad." " No matter." r " Then how much have you got Y" " Nothing." " Has the wrack taken all?" "Yes; no ; that is, I never lhad any. tldreg." "J.ake the money. For God's sake, take it, and do what you, like with it, or 'll deo in torture," cried Steplhen Orry, and with Sgroan he thlrow himself backward on the bed.' , . "I'll keep it for your son," said Jasbn.' " His name is Michael Suilocik, isn't it ?r And he h'las sailed for Iceland, hasn't he ? That's my country, aiid.I may meet him somne day,," hicon in a breaking voico Stephoun Orry said, " If you have i fatter hle nust io proud of you, moy lad. Who is lie Y" And Jason answorod moodily, "I have no father-none o over know." " Didho dio iu your cuildhood r" "No." " Before yo were born ?" S"Is he alivo?" " Ay, for aught I know." Stephen Orry struggled to his elbow again.: SThon he had wronged your mother ?" he said, with his breath coming quick. SAy, maybo so." Thvilhin Yet, who am I to rail at him ? Syour mother still aliveo " , "No." " Vlere is your father P" "Don't speak of himi," aid Jason, in an underbreatlh. " But what's your name, my lad ?" '"Jaon." 'WlIth, ii long sigh of relief Stphen Orry droppdp. back and muttered to himsol' ".To think that suh: a father should never have knowbin he had such a son.?. .. -.'Th 9v'ivifa lif e illbbed fott-i himn i b?iotaftotr a pauiu, h saiid ,': . , ".Ly. lad." "WVdll" said Jason. ' ,I've done you a great wrong." " i-When did you do mo a wrong0" "To-night' .. "HowV" r " No matter. There's no undoing it now God forgivo me. But let me be your father, though lI at dying man, for that will give you the right to keep my poor savinga foryour-, self." " "BDut they belong to your son," said Jaion. . , . " Ho'11 novor touch them," said Stophen Orry. . - . "Why not i" said Jason. " Don't askino. Loevo inoalone. Formorcy's Uike dcont torture a dying mlun," cried Stephen Orry.,. S.T t's not whatI meant to do," saidTason, giving way; "and if you wish t, I will keep ho moony." -. / - , - - , " Tlhnk God," said Stephen Orry. *Somo mnoments thereafter ho lay quiet, breatling fost and loud, while Greb o. hovered abouthilu. Then in a feoobler voice ih said: ' Do you think, my lad, you will ever moebtmy " M ayboso," said Jason. "I'll go back when I've doq what Icamo to do." . " What is that ?"G Greeba whisporod, but ho wont on without answering her. "Tliougl-.pur coutrry is big our peopl are few.,,Yhiro willho e ?" "I scarce can say. ao, has gone to,look for someone. lHe a noble boy, 1 can toll yoi that.: And itsasoinothing for a father to think of when histimecomes, isn't it? lIo loves his father, too-that is, io'did lovome when he was alittlo chap. Youn must know he Iead no mother. Only think, I.didaovrything for him,.though I;was a rough feullr. . Yes, . nursed him and conm fortiehim a ny woman might. Ay, and the. little man loved me then, for all ho doesun't bear lis fatlhero niame now." Jason glanced up inquiringly, first at Stepllo. Orry duad then at Grebas. 'Stephen saw nothing.. IIioyos woroe dim, butfull of tender. nese, ind ilis dem'p voice was very gentle, and he, rambled on with many a break aid betwden many a groan, for the power of life was low in himn. ' " You sio, I called him Sunlocks. Thatwas bcause it was kind and close like. He used to ride on my shoulder. Wo played together then, having no no one else, and I was every thing to him, and he was all the world to me. Ah, that was long ago. Sunlocks little Sunlocks-my little Sunlocke 1 My own littleo-- " At that point he laughed a little, and then seemed to weep like a child, though no tears cane to his eyes, uand the next moment, under the pain of joyful memories and the flow of blood upon the brain, his mini began to iander. It was very pltiful to look upon. His eyes were open, aut it was clear that they did not see; his utterance grow thick and his words wore coilftsed and foolish ; but his face was lit o, with a ruirprising joy, end you knWt. that tho year lilad rolled back, anid the great rfde fellow was alorn with his boy. and loatingoi I him. SometimCiea he wouldl oun to listenl as if for the chllild'a iUswor, aild then ioe would laue h us if at its artless prattle. Again he vwoaid seem to sing the little so to slepl), Ceoniog very lovw a brokeno stav tkhat rail e. bar aandtliche stopped. AliiLgai·i wouhll say very so8wly what touended lika the word aof omne abyp rayer, ind whil le edid so his chin would botwiuted into his breast and his arms would struggle to cross it, is though the child itself were olco more back in his bosom. At all this (Oroqes: cried blhind her hands unabhi to look or listei iny loiger, mid Jesono, though ie sheld nio teas, salid ill ai husky voice, "lie cannot be altogether bad who loved his sonll so." The delirium grew stronger, the look of joy and the tender words gavu place to glances of fear nild some quick beseeching, and then JasoII said inll i treml.lous whisper, "It must be somenthing to know you have a father who loves you like that." But h?ardlly had the words been spoken when lie he ro tiu back his hoeadul atud lsked i a firm voice how far it was to Port Erin. " Ahbout thirty miles," said Greoba, looking upe at the sudden question. "Not more?" asked Jason. "No. lHe has lived there," she answered, with it motion of her head downwards towards tihe bed. 'LYeos, ver since his wife died. Defore that they lived in this plco with Michael Suulocks. IIs wife met with a terrible death." "How F" " She was murdered by some enemy of her husband. The man escaped,. but left his name behind him. It was Patrecksen." \- " Patrickseon Y" " Yes. Tluat must be fourteen years agoi and slnm then he lus lived alone at Port Ern. )o you wish to gso tberre" "Ak-that is, so I intended.", " To look forsomoonoe'.. Who isit "1" " ry father." For a moment Groeba was silent, and then she sald with her eyes deownce, , .' Why' look for hisni he wronged, your ' " That'e why I meant to do s." She looked up into his faco, and stammered,. He: o did not appear to hear her .his oeyesfwer fixed'on thi, man on the bod ; aniluuxdly had she Raked the question when 'she' covered -her ears with her hands as though to shut out hIis answeor. - ..:,. " Was that wly you acmuno" she asked. "Yes," he anewered.. " se we had not hees. wreoked to-night I should lave dtropped over. board and dlmerted." " - "Stnrango," she said. "It was just what he did, when he came to the island nineteen years ago." S"Yes, nineteen years ago," Jason repeated. He Toaoke like a emn n a sleol, and hek bogan to tremble. What is the matter P" she said. Withini a few minutes la face uad l uddenly changed, and it was now avwful to look upon. 'ot for an insteant did he turn his eyes from the bud. The delirium of the slck main had deepened by this time ; the little, foolish, bashy play. words in the poor broken English camoe froin him no more, but he seemed to ask eager elUee tions in a tongue that Greeba did nie under "This man is in Icelaiider," said Jason. "Didn't. you know u that before " said. Greebha. " What is his nme ?" said Jason. " Ilavenu'tyou eaird it yut ?" " What is sis nmoe ?" Then for one quiick instant he turned his face towards helr face, and she seemed to read his thoughtl. "My God I" she cried, rcid she staggered back. Just tlhc there was a soeld of footsteps one th h shingle outside, aed at the oext moment Steamn and Theuratan Fairbrother and old Davy Kerruish pushed onic ,the door. They had cone to fetch Oroeba. "The Iltethodeo maie tould Cus," said Davy, standing by Jasoe's sisle, " acd, tuy geugh1 but it's mortal eur'ous. V hat's it's saying, ' .alk of the divil,' and sure enough it was t]he big widda maln hissolf Oe wore talking of, lss nor a half hour afore we struek." " Come, my lass,"said Thurstan. "No, no, I'll stay lhero," said Greoba. "Blut your mother is fidgottin and this is no place for a slip of e girl--come!sa a SP"ll stay witiehies aloneuo," said Jason. " No, no," cried Grecba. "It's the lad's right, for all," saidold Davy. 1I[o fetched the poor chap out of thoe water. Come, let's take the road forit." " Vill no one stay instead of me ?" said Grreoa. "e'Wherea tle use P" said Davy. "loi's mraolly past. help. Ifo's outward bound, poor chap. Poor Orry! Poor ould Stophen!" Then they drew Grooba away, and with a look of fear fired on Jason's face ahlo passed set nti the, Arnn. Jason was now alone with Stophen Orry and felt like a loan who had stumbled into a Jidden gietvo. ie bad eot out over tho seas to search ior his father, and heoro, at his first setting foot on the land, his father l?y at his feeoot. So this was Stophen Orry; this was he for whom his mnother had given up all; ;this was Iho for whom she had takec a fatlhoer's curse ; this was lie for tvlhom she had endured poverty and shamo; .this was he who had neglectedher, struck her, forgotten her with another wotman ; this was ho who had killed her-the poor, loving, loyal, passionate heart--not in a day, or un hour or a nmoment, but i twenaty long years. .'asou stood over the bed and lookod down. Surely the Lord God had heard his great vow and de. livered the main into his hands. eII would have hunted the world over to find him, but hero at a stride he lad him. It was heavet's own justice, nasd ifle hehld back now the curse of his dead mother would follow him from the grave.' Yet a trembling shook his whole frame, and his heart boat as if it would break. Why did heo wait? Ito remembered the tenderness that huad crept upon hml not'mimy. minutes ago, as he listened to the poor baby babble of the lman's "doliriuin,, and at that the gall in hlts throat seoemed tdschokoe hhs;c1 Hie hated himself for tieldin"'t6'iti for nowsy lo'kelow for whoat it led beeu'nmeanti .It had boan meant for his own fatioer doating over the memory of alnother ebn. TThat son had suplltclated imself ; that son's mnother had supplanted lhis own mother r; tand yet lie, in his ignorance, had all but twept for both of them. But no matter, Ithe was o,v to be God's own right hand. of justice on this ovil-door. Dawn was breaking,- and its woolly light crept lazily i at tihe little window, past the lamp that still bureed ot the awindow-boarld. The wind had fallae, and the sea lay gloomy- and dark, as if.with its own heavy memories of last ih"c'se tempest. The gray lighlt.fell on the si& mac's face, and under Jason's eyes it seesmed to light up the poor, nelerable, neuked soul within. Tile deliriulm lad lnow soet in strolg, tad mtuty were the wild words anut fro luent was the cry that, rang through the little hocse. '"Not while hi is like that," thought Jason. ", I will wait for tie lull." IHe took up a pillon in both haids and stood by the bad ald wiaited, never lifting his eyes oil the face. out tle lull did nut come. Would it not come. at all V What if the delirium were never to pass away? Couldlho still do tie thtlll le intoeldlef N'o, ceO, us ! Bt illheaven hlad bhard his vow a ld led hi there. lThel delirium would yet pass; then leh would elccuse his fctlher face to face and, eyo to eye, and then- The current of Jason's thoughts.was sud doenly arrested b a d ry from the sick tmat,. It was " Rachoel! Itachell Rachel !" gpokent hi a voice of deep entreaty, mld thorec atm after it ie .disjointed words 6of thec Icellond Ig toilio pitiful appeal for forgiveess. t that liat great foear setzed upon Jasolc, tid tIe pillowdreopped froa his leanes to the round. h " Itaelol i I clhehl I' ,catlel agal in l the manle pitiful voice of nup lloetioln; inl a'at the esonll of tlat alnOe so spoken, the bitternetsO ofJceselo' lheart want of likeoa wail of the wind. " It was a cry of remorse ; a cry for ,pardo ; a cry for macry. , There could be no jugglery. In that hour of the mind's nawful vanluishment a ctumlan soul stood naked- before hib as before its eaker. .. ... \- Juason's greatu resolve was shakenl. H?d it aden only a blind tanglo of assioie and pain o If the Almighty had called him to be the in. otrmentll of His veiooaner, would HI have doe livered his enemuy ilto his :hands like this- dying, delirious, with broken brain and broken' Iteart Y Still his mother's name canoe from hisfather'e lips, and then his muind wetnt mie to tile wordls that had so lately pusacd between them. "Lot me be your fiatlher, though I ren. a dying min." Alel sweet, boautitul, bliud fallacy couhl be lnot let it be? The and was very lonr; tile celiriumll passed away, and Stephen Orry opened his eyes. Tile great creature' was a quiet Im a child noea , eInd as soft nied gealtle em It child's was his deep, Ioarso voice. He knew thae t le h id been wate. theriug in Iis mhni, nd whev lhi looked ieto Jaeout' face to pale smeil crossed hris owne. " I teought I outd found leer," lie saoid, very sidply, " uy poor young wife that once as n it was Stil that I lenod l st so long ago, anid lil suchl rollg by." Tilsoen's throat was chokihng Illm, but he ftcuoiluered out : " Lie still, air, lie still and rest." iet Setelen Orry talked na..in tile aons imapleo way. " Ale, htow asilly I am. , I[fargot you dlide't know." "Lie still and rest,' saod Jason again. "'Tlhere wsv somneodio with lher, too. I thoughlt it was her soui-her child and mine, that was to coms whve I left ler. And only think, I looked again, anld it seeeed tobe you. Yes, you--for it wats the face aof lim that fetched me out of the ace. I thought youwers lny sonl indeed." 'flhe? Jason could bear up no .louger.- lo fleung lemself dlown..ecl his knees by the bed-. side, imnd buried lles face i .the dyleng matl's brasut.' te Father," lhe sohebd, "I nui your son." But Stelphec Oary only smiled, and answered very quietly, " Aht, yes, I reeesmbor-that was part of our bargain, may good lad,. Well, God blese you, my sone... God bless uand. speed you." And that was the end of Orry. (To s oeoxlesUe.i) 