Salvation Army. Reception of the New Maior. Tho Courier Hall was filled to ovorflosring yebterday evening, when the Salvation Army of Brisbane extended a formal welcome to the new officer (Major Quick), who has arrived from the south io fill the vacancy caused by thu departuio of Major Wright. Alter the u?ual religious exeroises, Saitf-oipUin Petrt, iu a short address, extended, on behalf ot tho Salvation Army of Brisbane, a oor aiai welcome to tbe majjr. Major yuick is a gentleman Beamingly well qualified to fill the vacancy caused by the departnro of Mujrr Wrighi. Ho bus the happy kuaok of gaining tho sympathy of bis he»rers from tho offmt, und tho loud uppluuse which frequently intetrupted hii address tebiified to the appre ciation of tho hearers. He thanked the audience lor the cordiul manndr in which thoy had ro oei\ ed him and expressed a hopo that he sh ;uld so help en the woik in the colony as to deHervo aB hearty a furewelt. Ho felt that he oruld say a great many things of tho oolouy, but he did not intend to make a long- speech that evening. He had been agreeably disappointed in the place and the people, tho latter of whom be had found f roo and opec-heartcd. He referred to the depar ture of Major Wright as a lo s whioh would bo hard to rill. Ho had seen him ia Melbourue just before coming away, and ho hid tent a message to the people of Brisbane, to the effec! that he hud settled down in Melbourne, but thit he had not forgctten Brisbane. Maj-r Wright hud had to coatetd with tho prejudice of somo, and tho haired and jeabuBy of o.hers, but this hdd all now been lived down, and nil was now freo and easy suiling. He was of opinion that these changes wire benoricial aB new love and nov euersry were created, which was all foe the good and advancement of tho oauBO. Ho would liko ? to tell his hearers that' whatever ohauges took place in the officers of tho army, '. the . govern ment unuld always l-o tho samo He had juBt come to take up tho work whtro Major Wright left off. Sctzio thought that these ohaugej iu teifered with tho spiritual work, but oh.;tho contrary thoy advanced ic. Whoever o:imo and went, the one iact lemaioed, and this was, that the woik still had to be done. Tho work that had betn done, the hrnrbs that had bean m* e buppy, tho lives which had been reformed aud saved were ouly a tithe of tho homas aud hearts in Queensland that had yot to bi made happy. This wbb the wi rk which would be his work, and he asked the support of hu hearers in the work. Thoro might come times when he would have to speak out plainly, but he feared no man and no woman. His object was the salvation of the people. He bad coma to declare the truth, and Jis would deolare that truth, though he had to combat tbe world, before he could do it. Thero was no cuso so black that it wbb hopeless. If this work wub to Bucceed, thete must be uaity in the rankr. Not only uni;y in the general sense, thtie must bo unity of purpose, Thero weio thousands of people with a head religion, but not tht religion of tho Salvation Army. The iuogniu of the Salvation Army was not the religion, it wan only tho channel which, led up to the eroBS and unlesa each was filled with tho Holy Ghost, there oould ba nosilva ion. Unity of faith, purpose, acd love was the esBentiil of a real Salvation Army. Ho charged those present to take theso truths home and ponder over them. Several other officers gavo testimony to the fcuving power of the Salvation Army, showing that the work in Queensland was being oarried on with vigour. ? MrB. Quick, who was received with a loud volli y, alto gave her t stimony as to the officaoy of the Salvation Array in rendering hqtnes add hearts happy throughout tho world, and Bhortly after the meeting terminated. 