THE EDUCATION QUESTION. 90TBM KtirPOft. . Dtrr-Tne non. tne Premier's speepn in our House of Assembly' on the 16tn instant, as might be .expected, bristles with subjects Drovboative of controversy at the breaent nme. lnese suDjeots may De amaed into two parts— (1) those whioh are purely political, and (2) those which are e&clesiaa-; ical. .The former I leave to politicians, but the latter I feel at liberty to ' notice and challenge later on in this letter. In your issue of this morning two important com munications appear, entitled ' The Education Question,' and ' Grants to Denominational chools,' from the pens of two of our ablest citizens, the Rev. X W. Owen and the Rev. S. Mead. I quote from Mr. Owen's letter as follow*:— 'The only agency whioh can avail against aational irrellgiouaneaa i* » national (not a State) Charon. Saotarianism is quite powerless to afiiaot the nation by reason of its manifold divisions. . . . The Australian Church may be long in coming . . . . it. may not come at all . . . but our prosperity stands or falls with it' These are weighty words, as some of your, readers may suppose them to be, bnt a gentle touch from the finger of a common-sense Christian experience will rob them of their meaning. The implication of Mr. Owen is that in consequence of the exis tence in thia colony of so many '*eotaM{of Christian people) who are content to follow the teachings of the New Testament, and the example of the Apostolio and primitive Churohes (as far as they know it) are an in superable obstacle to the establishment of an ? Australian Church' in our midst. -? I wish Mr. Owen would practically look at his theory of setting up . an Australian Church, and try. to find' out in what way it could ,be accomplished. I ask him, *s a first ot example*, what he intends^ to. do with the 'CatholioirChnrch? How will be deal with Archbishop Reynolds, the he&d-oentre;, it Is ?aid. of Episcopacy in South* Australia? iVill the jnnior Anglican Bishop, Dr. Kennion, accept the theory of Papalist power as set forth by a speaker at the Coun cil of Trent, and upon the historical truth of which the lineal succession depends? Let me supply a specimen—' The Pope is an absolute monarch, with unlimited power and j uritdio tion, The Church He in total Bubjeotton. The one pastor holds In himself the undivided authority. The Bishops have reoeired no power from Christ. It is probable that the Apostles were ordained by and received their authority from Peter ; but if from Christ this was a mere accident, and Christ was simply anticipating what was to be Peter's func tion.' ARain, 'Christ is the Head of tot Jhnrch invisible; tbe head of the visible Church is the Pope.' Will the Anglioan Church, having as their Bishop Dr. Kennion. consent to be absorbed into the Churoh of Rome, so to approach in its initial stage Mr. Owen's ideal of an Australian Church? No answer is required to such a foolish thought. Well, then, how about the Non- Episcop%l Evangelical Christian communities of South Australia ? Will they accept the theory of 'Apostolical Succession' wrioh our amiable snd zealous Bishop, Dr. Reunion, may be supposed to hold? Let us see what it is: 'It is one of absolute and utter exclusive ness. It emanates from a scheme of doctrine which has no place In it for those who believe In Christ, but do not believe in Bishops. The keystone of the system Ib the theory of the Apostolical Succession. The lourtaer or tne unurcn, is is ssaa, delivered the Church over to the government of the twelve Apostles. To them alone, and to their successor*, the Divine commission was given together with the Holy Ghost. The Apostles ordained the first Bishops; these Bishops ordained other Bishops, and so on ever since, till we come to the Bishops of to-day, who stand, aa it were, in the Apostles' ?hoe*, and speak iwith their authority. Through this succession of consecrated men the gift of tbe Holy Ghost has come down to our times, and is distributed to the clergy in ordination by the imposition of hands. l)oly those who have been ordained by a Bishop have authority to administer the sacraments, which, so administered, are the means of oonveyirj supernatural grace to the reci pients. . . . ThereisbutoneChuroh— that which is governed by apoatoucally deaeended Bishops ; snd that one Churoh is the Church of England.' Now, can Mr. Owen seriously think that the ancient Presbyterian Apos tolical Church, the Independents (Puritans), the Methodist*, and the Baptists will with one consent abandon their providential posi tions as Churches of Jesus Christ, deny their traditional ancestry, and prove traitors to their solemn trusts? This cannot be. Let Mr. Owen, then, give up his idle dream of such a unification aa he postulates, and be content with that state of life in which his Divine Master has placed him. I pass over Mr. Owen's crude Ideas on the subject of State aid to denominational schools, for when looked at practically, side by side with our almost perfect system ol national education, they are undeserving of serious criticism. The Rev. Silas Mead has read into the Premier's words 'private schools' as thoss which are to be subsidized at the rate of forty shillings per head per annum upon passing the compulsory standard —a meaning which may turn out, perhaps, as far from the Premiers thought*. I would like to ask ao able a scholar as Mr. Mead if the words 'private schools' are the same in their meaning as the words ' denominational schools.' Especially I would like to know whether the Catholic and Anglican schools, of which we haveheardsomuchlately.areprivate achools? Why assume that this is so before we have the proof ? I bave only time to add that any Premier, be he Sir John Dow ner, Mr. Playford, or Dr. Cookburn, who should lend himself to a course of political action, such as that of weakening our present system of national education by. subsidizing private schools, or schools conducted by the Catholic and Anglican bodies, would do an irreparable Injury to the rising generation, as well as. cau into Immediate existence scores of -^fTiomfT'aflfvn*l schools in every part of the colony. This would be at an expense, too, so oppressive and unjust that I may be pardoned for protesting against a policy of subsidizing sectional education whioh some think Ib,j& this present time, threatening us.— I am. 8ir, &c.; JAMES BICKFOED. ParkBiue,July23. 