LOCAL ANa titENERAL. Tirmolb fe's is: very :prevalent at Silvorton. A E~XTRAOBatrNARILY, brilliant meteor was seen at Inverell on Sunday. Die. WARIER l uLLTER has been elected presi dent of the Sydney Hospitl. A hrounr named O'IByrne committed suicide at Wagga on Monday. So.a of the foot'ays in the city would be asll the better for a little repairing. 57 VEssELS engaged in the Pacific Coast tradewere totally wrecked last year. TIE charge of emberzzlement against the Miayor of Grenfell has been dismissed. TIs new court-house in Newcastle is to be Ssimilar in design to that at Goulburn. FURTHER experiments with thie Maxim gun at Melbourne have been very successful. A? sHAnr shock of. earthquake u as felt in .Adelaide anrd South Australia on Tuesday. THE funeral Of tlie, late Mr. Peter Lalor was largely attended in Melbourne on Tues day. Jonu CArIrAY, charged with the murder of a Chinaman m Melbourne, has been dis Scharged. ANoTnHER. fire took place at Broken Hill on Tuesday. A dwelling was burnt to the ground. MI~eBuns of the Ambulance Corps again to the fore yesterday in the deplorable acci dent on the railway. ALDERMAN SIEDDEN, the outgoing Mayor for Wickham Council, does not intend to contest the seat again. IR. HoneaRs, equity barrister, has been appointed a Victorian Supreme Court Judge for a period of six months. TimE name of Robert Francis Carolan, a solicitor, was on Tuesday struck off the rolls by order of the Supreme Court. MIt. O. W. LANGTRaEE, Secretary for Mines, has been appointed a member of the Victorian Public Service Board. Sourr AUSTrnALAN stockbrokers are agitat-. ing for a reduction in intercolonial telegraplhie rates to Is for the first ten s'ords. THIE Victorian Parliament is to be dis solved on MIarch 15, and thie general *election will take place on March 20. Ties foundation-stone of the Carrington .Convalescent Home at Camden is to be laid by Lord Carrington on Monday next. Tar. fimunds of the Order of Oddfellows in New South Wales amount to £20,495, lhe total number of members being 5203.. WVnmn is the footpath at the corner of Church and Bolton streets going to be at tended to.? It is in a terribly disgraceful state. Over. 1000 letters were destroyed by the firo in thie mail van attached to the overland .express from Sydney Ito Melbourne on Mon day night. TiHe appointment of thIe Royal Commis *sione to inquire into Mr. Fehlon's case and the affairs of the Casual Labour Board have not yet been appointed. Prsnmc meetihg to-night at the Lyceum Hall, Newcomen-street, in aid of Parnell Indemnity Fund. Phe proceedings com mence at half-past 7 o'clock. A cuarouvs story of burglar-hanting was told in a Sydney police court on Tuesday, when a witness said he chased an interloper tarefooted through several streets. 'i?rE new cable from Java to West Austra lia is expected to be laid and in working or der by the end of the present month. Tihe cable will be 1000 nautical miles in length. ITris proposed that Queensland and couthl Australia should take joint action to check bthe lawless band of cattle- stealers and -smugglers-on thie border of the two colonies. TiE utilising of thIe front balconies of 3louses in Hunter-street as drying grounds does not tend *to beautify the city. When will the Council.pass a by-law to deal with the matter.? IF Colin Christie is criticised by the press as an alderman, how would he fare if he were Mayor? He might aptly quote fromn Shaikespeare, "Thus bad begins, but worse remains behind." Tna Wickham :Council hold a special meeting. to-night, to elect their Iayor for tihe ensuing year. Aldermein Myers, Frowin, and Bennett, are said to be the contestants for the chair. A ronso lady named Annie Smith in Melbourne has recovered £100 from a former hoverforbreach of promise. She sued for £500, but had to be content with a fifth of 'that amount. 'Tan recent aspirant to the Maydral chair wished to excuse himself on Tuesday on the. plea that lhe had a class to attend. Would he have sacrificed the ratopayers or. his Terpsichorean pupils if he had been elected MIayor? Tar. Queensland Postmaster-General sug gests that Sunday trains be run between Sydney, Melbourne, and Adelaide, so as to allow Queensland letters of Thursday to .catch tlhe .English mails at Adelaide on Monday. BANcQUaT ! BANQUO !--Ib is rumoured that Alderman Ohristie is to be tendered a ban quet by his supporters. It will serve to *raise the ":ghost" of his Mayoral hopes, and 'give him an. opportunity to "eloguate"' on aldermen ingrate. A sarsoI.at train proceeded out to Teralba yesterday with the arbitrators, umpire, lawyers, and witnesses, in the Glen-Mitchell arbitration case. The seam of coal was again examined, and the proceedings will be resumed this morning at the court-house. ALDsnRahA GLLaar, when twitted about nominating a Protectionist candidate for the SIayoral chair, considering that hlie was an out-and-out Freetrader, replied that' the Protectionists had been- getting such a lick ing lately that he could affoid to be generous. How considerate! IN out report of the Lambton Municipal Council meeting, last night, Alderman lThorn ton, through a typographical error, is made to say that " he had never made an enemy of any man yet." The sentence should read " he had never made way for any man yet, except Alderman Grierson. THERIsue ivere three aldermen nominated for the offlice of Mayor at Waratah, last night Aldermen Scholey (Mayor), J;.Williams, and T. Cox. Alderman Scholey withdrew, and on the two remaining candidates being put to the vote, Alderman ,Thomas Cox. was duly elected Mayor for thIe ensuing year. Alderman Cox is one of the newly-elected alderman. THE Railway Commissioners have been en *gaged lately in drawing up their quarterly report, which will be laid oni the table of the Assembly as soon as thile Parliament meets. The report will be especially interesting from the fact that it will be the first to be sub: mitted since the inauguration of the new system of railway management. AN Irish and Scotch mixture: 'Meo Colin ;bawn ;naoe s;nair, nae malm-ir i" Bring down the fiddle and tlhe bow-ow-ow, Pirouette on the light fantastic too im . ' " Because C.C. has got to scrape a wee, Since to the Mayoral chair lhe did not go-o.o, ;Since totlhe Mayoral chair he did not go. AinereaoNY.-For the best 18-carat Wed ding and KeeporRings, you cannotexcel Por TEa, Hunter-street. 2374 HAanIs' Dalmatian Insecticide is the only :reliableinsect-dcstroyingpowder. Sold every where, in tins only at Is each, prepared only by HARnrs AND SPRnoun, Pharma ceutieal Chemists, Newcastle. 7778 A WONDERFUL echo can be heard in New castle in a portion of the School of Art. Buildings, Hunter street. Particulars can be seen in our advertising columns, and Mr. J. Eyles will be happy to explain the phenomenon to anyone who will give him a call. 8869 MONEY lent on watches, jewellery, wear ing apparel, etc., Yorkshire Loan Office, next Hall of Science, Churdh-street;. G. Feltham. 510l LoNDON wool sales close on 'the 19th instant. IT is proposed to form a Sckool of Arts at Cootamundra. WIOKIIAJ 0 ConnC1 has had a lot of fresh blood introduced into it during the past two years. T'VIE Mikado of Japan has proclaimed a constitutional form of government in his do minion. IMlan jinks anticipated at Wickhaam, to night, amoegst the trio of aspirants foir the Mayoralty. MAJon RecODES, of tlhe Victorian Engineer Corps, will be succeeded by Captain R. Hannay, R.E. THE Bishop of Lincoln has contested the competency of the court to try him upon the charges of ritualism. Tie Mayor.of Hobart (Tas.) on Tuesday entertained the ilelegates to the Intercolonial Trades Congress at a picnic. Mn H. A. LBRVESTATT, a member of the New Zealand House of Representatives, died suddenly on Monday night. CouoccLuon DwYtER, of Collingwood (Vie.), lhas been fined £l1, for disorderly conduct at a council meeting. 14 uioNHES of rain fell in Cairns (Q.) in 24 hours, and at Georaldton (Q..) during the same period the rainfall was 17 inches. . THE Ameer of Afghanistan is making a tour of Afghln-Turl oshn. The Russians accuse him of ill-will towards them. IIErTINGat Lyceum Hall to.night expected to be a big affair. Five members of Parlia mnent announced to deliver addresses. Mn. FITZPATRICK, overman at the railway yard, Honeysucile Point, hald a miraculous escape from a horrible death yesterday. Mn. WILLIAle MANsoN, of Council- street, wishes us to state that hlie is not the William Manson fined for drunkenness last Saturday. SOUTH Australian Government will pro bably accept the offer of £6000 a year for per mission to advertise on the back of postage stamps. A OYCLO?E which swept over King George's Sound damaged the vessels in Cygnet Bay, and 12 luggers and one schooner are reported to be missing. Tan footpath ot the intersection of Bolton and'Church street is a standing disgrace to the city. The newly-elected Mayor should see into the matter. HUNTER*STREET looked like a laundry yard yesterday, clothes hanging. out to dry on many of the balconies. Cannot sho Ituni cipal Council interfere P IT is expected that the patriarch of the Wickham Council will be Sheddem in (shed ding) tears to-night when he vacates: the Mayoral chair to make room for his succes sor. TERHInLE accident occnrred yesterday, on the railway line, near the Honeysuckle work shops, when the overman, Mr. Fitzpatrick, lhad his left footeevered by the wheel of an engine, which passed over it A SPECCAL meeting of the West Maitland lorough Council was held on Monday night, for the purpose of electing a Mayor for the ensuing twelve months. The present Mayor (Alderman Gillies) was unanimously re elected. 