THE LONDON AND NORTH WESTERN RAILWAY COMPANY VIC[?]SED. A CURIOUS CASE. [From our Special Correspondent.] London, April 12,1889. City people, more particularly solicitors and stockbrokers, are deeply interested just now in the unravelling of a clever fraud which has, it is said, victimised the London and North-Western Railway to the extent of nearly £15,000. The solicitors to tins great company are cute, clever men, but they hare met their match In a gentleman of the name of Barton, who, despite being an absconding forger, has man aged to keep English detectives at bay In New York for nearly two years. This worthy Is at hut on his way home under an extradition warrant, and In s few days will be the central figure In a great criminal trial The clrcum?tanoes which have led Mr. Barton to this lamentable pass are detailed by the New York Herald as follows:— A Mr; Samuel Burton held £13,000 of stock In the London and North-Western Hallway Company. This amount repre sented many yean of Industry and frugal living, and in Investing hfa savings Mr. Barton displayed the foresight and prudence that had characterised his life's labors. Besides this money he had £6,000 Invested In North Stafford railway stock, and about £20,000 In Sclnde, Pan janb, and Delhi stock. Altogether he was worth about £40,000; and when he died In 1870 he left this money to his widow and stepson as executors upon certain frosts. The stepson had a great Idea of the value of money; Indeed so great was his idea that it led him to covet the whole sum left to him and Mb stepmother jointly; and once this ambition fairly took posses sion of him he commenced to devise ways and means to secure it to himself. It was this unconquerable rapacity that led to all the trouble here and La America, and that has placed Mr. Barton, jun., In such an invidious position. Mr. Barton commenced to pnt his plan of aggrandisement Into operation in 1874. In that year the London and North- Western Company began to receive trans fen, and at Intervals for 11 yean they re ceived ihem. They came In in the usual way; they were perfectly regular, and there was nothing about them t j suggest suspicion for a moment. In 1886 the widow wrote asking how much stock there then stood In the joint names of herself and stepson, and when she received the reply that only £500 remained of the £13,000, she was justly indignant, and went imme diately to consult her lawyer. As the result of thai conference, or almost Imme diately after It, the last transfer of all went to the company, and a few days later the widow went to the office at Euston and made the startling statement that all tbe transfers were forgeries. Examina tion proved that they were properly signed In the names of the widow, the stepson, and Mr. William Broadhnrst as attesting witness. When the documents were produced the relict of Samuel Barton vehemently protested that her name had been uniformly forged In every Instance. She was vary properly attended In this Interview by her solicitor, and It may be presumed tint gentleman had delivered to her every necessary caution that a long professional experience suggested. The transfer of the hut £500 had been executed In his office, but the dream stance for the moment seemed to have escaped her treacherous memory, for when shown this document In the soli dtor's office at Euston she unhesitatingly and emphatically declared, aa she had done right through the transfers of the 11 years, that It was a forgery. "But," promptly corrected her legal adviser, "you signed that document In my office last week In my presence. That cannot be a forgery." Close scrutiny revealed the fact that the signatures to this document In every important respect corresponded with the signatures to the other transfers. The solicitors to the London and North- Western Company had became alire to the fact that they had been imposed upon by t onubody, and they redoubled their exertions to probe the matter to the bottom. Further enquiries elicited the fact that the whole of the stock in the North Stafford Company had been trans ferred. But this did not help them much. It only tended to further compli cate matters. Then diligent search vu made for the stepson. But, he naturally anticipating that Borne onusoal anxiety wonld be felt as to hb whereabouts, and detesting pub licity, had taken the precautionary steps to cross the Atlantic and to locate himself In America. There he lay perdu. The cervices of two repgHgh detectives from Scotland-yard were engaged, and they proceeded to the United States, armed Kith authority, primed with particu lars, flash with ready cash, and an unlimited scope of action before them. They had not a ghost of an Idea where Barton was likely to be in America; all that they did know was that when he left England he had not a penny in his pocket, that he had lived a gay and voluptuous life for some years, and spent the money he had obtained by means of the transfers, and that his move ments would be considerably hampered by the attenuated state of his pocket. With these facts the detectives set out, and their perseverance and Intelligence were rewarded after several months by a lucky coup which placed Barton within their grasp, and once there the detectives did not relax their grasp. Bat it was one tiling to find Barton, and another to get him transported to this country. There were many diffi culties raised by the new extradition arrangements to be overcome before that could be done. Meanwhile the widow had brought a Chancery action against the North Stafford Railway Company, and Mr. Justice Kay decided in favor of the lady and against the defendant com pany. Thus encouraged, Mrs. Barton brought an action against the London and North-Western Company, but the result of the other trial pot the company's solicitors upon the gui vive, and they made application to have the case re moved to the common law side, to be tried by a jury, and In this atep they were successful. The difficulties experienced in getting extradition proceedings carried through were In connection with the diplomatic services in the two countries. The American people held one view, and the English people as tenaciously clang to another. This state of things provided Barton with a chance to raise farther difficulties, and possibly afforded him a loophole of escape altogether. He was a "man who had his wite about him, and he possessed a great .deal of intuitive and ability. When he was eventually committed for extradition by the United States Commissioner he appealed to a court; above and from there to a tribunal equal to a Divisional Court in England. The glorious uncertantles of the law were admirably illustrated in the decisions of these several courts, each court reversing toe judgment of the tribunal below. The Divisional Court confirmed the order, and Barton, deter mined to lose no possible chance, appealed to the Supreme Court at Washington; but his hopes were not realised here. From the time the English detectives made Barton's acquaintance an unlucky fate had pursued him with remorseless energy. Be lost his last opportunity. The judges of the highest court in the United States decided against him, and the warrant for bis extradition was made out. The action of Mrs Barton against the London and North-Western Company was set down for hearing one day last week In the High Courts. The same morning, and just as the case was being "called," the solicitors to the London and North-western Company received the Information they had been anxiously looking for for months — "Extradition warrant granted; we leave for England in a few days." The news created the greater impre??lon because It had been so long delayed that It had almost ceased to be expected, and because of the happy juncture of time And circumstance at which it arrived Of course an adjournment was applied for, acd of course it was Instantly granted. The case assumes quite a new com plexion now. The civil proceedings will be stayed, and when the criminal proceed ings for forgery are commenced several novel and interesting points will be raised. The primary question will be :— Did Barton forge the widow's name ? and If bo —and this Is the point that will affect the railway company—can one executor Bell personal estate, and give a valid receipt for the purchase-money ? Broken in the city are watching the proceedings with Intense interest. If the point of law goes against the company, who among them will be able to transact his business with confidence ? The immediate question to be disposed of at Bow-stnet Is—Did Mr. Barton forge the name of his mother and the attesting witness, William Broad hurst? If he did not, what are the circumstances under which Mrs. Barton wrote her name, and what has conduced to the extraordinary lapse of memory. 