AWAKENED. B? Mins. S. S. Ae.nrctI. Sucar a pretty home it was-anold farm house, partiallyinodernised, with a big bay window broad piazza, and sunny verandas, end an old-fashiond porch at the back over which the morning glories clambered. \- The wide green lawn in front sloped down to a graded village street not ten minutes' walk from a large summer hotel. But hack of the house acres and acres of rich, level farm land stretcheda'nway, vliere sleek cattle fed. and where big barns waited for the luxuriant crops of hay and grain that filled the wide mows when the haying season was over. Clyde Grange was considered the finest farm in all the country round, and when the youing master, Willis Clyde, live years before, brought to it his pretty.wife,"3lilly, people said she was a fortunate woman. But Milly in her lovely home, was not entirely happy. She was young and some thing of a dreamer, and still-had-that old fashioned notion that Ihusbands ought to be lovers. And'Will, though le had been an ardent lover, soon settled down after his marriage.to his farm and its duties in a very prosaic way. Pretty brown- haired Hlilly I How lovely, how dnintyslhe was," with her pink and white face- and-her dove-like eyes! And though so .young, she was a most capable housekeeper, and the kindestmistressin the world, as Aunt'Dolly, the cook, and Norn, the stout Irish housemaid, could both testify. - .Every room. in the rambling old house was tastefully arranged,and-in immaculate order. She made charming toilets, too, for Will bought her. beautiful clothes. "oBut, oh, dear I" she thought so often, with tears i lier pretty eyes, "what,is the use of changing my dress at all except for my own pleasure? Will would never know whether I worn a satin or a fadled calico gown." - SIHe-had bought for her own exclusive use a gentle pony and a pretty dog-cart; and though'he was never too busy to harness it for her, the careless way he would toss her the-lines afterward made.Millyremember, though Will forgot, that the happiness of life, to one woman at least, uas made up of little thinss. Delightful afternoon teas she gave, some times indoors, :sometimes on the wide, beautiful lawn... And the'y were always. largely attended, for pretty Mrs. Glyde had hosts of friends at the big hotel and about the village. Other people were not un mindful of her charms if her husband was. And when sometimes at their tennis or cro quet Will passed through the yard on his way to the house or field- Will, with his broad, handsome shoulders and drooping black moustache--and carelessly, touched his hat to the players, for lie knew them all, the tell- tale flush on Milly's clieek, and the sparkle in her soft eyes, showed how proud she was of her farmer husband, Willis Clyde was a handsome man, hand somer far than even aristocratic Neal Rivers, with,his six. feet of stature, his blonde moustache, and laughing blue eyes that could look so steely,lbitterly sarcastic. He and his mother and his Cousin Clare were summering at the hotel. They came early in June when Neal was just recovering from a fever, and looked very much like along limbed ghost. Long ago lie had grown brown and strong, but he still lingered, though July lhad gone,. and the hlery mouthed tiger lilies had opened 'their eyes to the blazing August sunshine. It was the day for Longmead picnic; a slumbrous August day, almost suplhurous with intense heat. The long, dusty road stretched away like a winding white ser pent between the green hedges, making even the thought of cool; shadowy wood lands a delight on such a morning. They started at ten o'clock; Milly, who could not coax Will to go with her, riding with the others in a large van. Neal Rivers drove his Cousin Clare and. Madge Winters over in his buggy; - Row glorious the woods were after that dusty three miles' drivel They wero soon scattered about in the shady grove, looking like tropical birds. Swings flashed through the air, with their merry burdens; long tables were spread between the trees, and far back in some cool retreat a baid' played dreamily. ' : 'Milly-enjoyed it all,-but site' was ab stracted and more than usually quiet. Will could.not come with hei-, and of late she found herself wondering if it was quite the thing for her to go so much without him.' Neal Rivers was always with lier; why, she told herself, she really'saw more of him in a week than she saw of her husband. That surely was wrong. But why did lie men opolise her so, .when lie knew she had a husband ? Perhaps, and she caught her breath quickly, he was flirting withl her, as Madge told him the other day lie did flirt with everygirl, adding that lie ought to get a-wife and stop such nonsense. And though he laughed, 'his face. flushed as he said rather impatiently- - " If that is myonly safegard, tlhe clhances are that Imay.flirt allmy life, for I shall nmever have a wife." "'Ie had .a.pleasant way of doing things, and she'lhad'enjoyed his attentions so much. at first, as if he. had been her brother; but now, now she was suspicious of everything, and-flushied and paled if she caught his eyes quite unlike herself. And Madge told lun ' IIe was like a restless ghost, and could not keep'quiet long enough to enjoy himself orlet anybody else do so." " After the delicious dinner, teal proposed that fMadge and Milly should row with him across the lake back of the grove, to a little island.wlhere'some rare ferns grew among the rocks.. At first hilly declined, but ladge persisted so earnestly that she reluc tantly consented. As it was cooler now, and quite a breeze was blowing, they had a merry;pleasant row. When the boat's keel touched the shore, and Mr. Rivers was already landed, Madge, who was always a careless maiden, found to .her dismay that she had lost one of. the beautiful bracelets hlier father Iridl given her only a short time before., ' Oh," she moaned, '' I must go right back and look' forit. You go aslhore.'itlh MIr. Rivers,l31illy, andwhen I find it I will come directly back to you. Don't go for the ferns until 1 come, for I want to go too." . "' Oh; no, Madge," Milly snmd, sturdily. "I am going back to help you find your brace S'"What foolishness, with all that'crowd '- people to help me, Millyl Please get out- ithe man can row so much faster with out you." But Milly.still hesitated. Sihe did.not want to go nShoro withl Mr. Riveasalid her face showedit plainly . . "Come,". le said, in that saisterful wdy' hlie had;, holding out his hand to belj her, "Come, little Puritan,"addingiwith ush1htlj; sarcastic laugh, "thlere are no bears on the island to devour us while IMadge is gone, go dd not fear. I have been here before and lmow every foot of it." And as hlie saw her vexed, flushed face lhe lauglhed again, but she gave him liher hand and stepped ashore. , .," , They went a little way up thelii, to where a large maple thlrew its coolshadows, and after bir. Rivers had arranged Iilly's shawl over the stones so as to'make a com fortable seat, lie threw liimself on the grass. beside her, fanning himself with his straw lihat. They sat thus a goodl while, not talk. ing much, watching the ileat quiver across the lake like molten silver. For the breezd had gone dlown again, and again that sulphurous heat was everywhere. Light clouds obscured the sun, now and then, and in thie west hugeo "thunder-heads" piled themselves uip. ' But tley took no notice that ashbower was coming, one of those sudden downpours that only come in the lurid heat of dog days. It was two houIrs by Ilrr Rivers' watch, and still nio oadge, no boat. "' "That careless girl has probably forgotten all about us." he sisid, risiitg. The sun was obscured b thlis time, and ther- was a low moaning of wind throllghm the leaves. 1ie looked aslout hastily, taking in thie situation at a glance. hlow could lie lhave been so careless as to take no heed that a shower was coming? For even as lie looked there was a flash and tile first mufled roll of thlunder. Iow- white Milly's face grow! Ever since she could remember,she had been frantically afraid ii a thunder slhower. Even in the safe shelter Of hier home lshe sometiiles nearly fainted with fright, andti now- "To tile boat-housie, quick ! It is our only shelter," lie said, lhastily taking liher They reached it just as the first wild torrent of rain dashed down. lle made the clumnsay dloor fast, and tlhen went back to where she was stanilnding-for there wias nothing to sit do-wn upon but the floor. She ut out hier hands and crienght hiis arm, liding her eyes against his sleeve. As he saw how white she was he drew his own breath hard, put his other arm around her, and let her lean there. Afterward, when the ocean rolled be. tween them, the memory of that pure, Itd ing, girlish face against his arm was l'ke a?eld about him, tile whisper of a 'peace, be still," to his storm-tossed soul. It grew very dark in the boat- house, lighted only by two small windows at either end; one could scarcely see the lengthlof-t. Tile lightning wvas appalling, tioltliinder 'terrifle, and tihe rain beat ai?l blurred sigainist the windows-and so they waited. Sometimes, when her clasping fingers tightened or she moaned a little as a louder crash shook their frail refuge, lie brushed her hair soothingly, and told her not to tremble so; the worst of it must soon be over, and they could go out again. When at last it was over, the boat calnie back for them. They crossed in safety, and were sooni.with the otheis ini the over crowded little cottage nearlthe grove, whlere they had taken refuge. Milly looked pale and ill frbm her fright; and Neal was so quiet that Madge told him lie "appeare: to have fallen upon peace by the waysidse." for his restlessness of the morning was all gone. The carriages cime at last, the large van, and Wilson, tile coaehman, with Mr. River;' horse and buggy: ' !'IMadge,?Ncnal said in his authoritative manner, as lihe came into the hall, "you will ride in the van, and Milly'must go in the buggy with Clare; she is tired." c."Nobody else is, I suppose," Madge answered in a vexed tone.- ".lilly is made of letter flesh and blood than the rest of us." "I know that," lie said, "so you are going in the van with nie, and Wilson will drive Cldti and Mlilly iri tihe buggy." And though ttillydid.not ewish it she was tob'tired to argue tlhe point, and he lhad his ext l dayslo ed has nervous headahele, and kejit her room until nearly night. The girls came to see hei Madge clatteringlik a magpie, and pitiedo er, becaruse her leun t ached; had told: here hhowv "wretcliedly tlll it aid been all day with eal also sick, or if ihe isinotbsick lie was cross and stupid, and hhad louneed on the piazza all day, not evenriradingo . SAt nighti.sh..crept downstairs into the parlour, htliesn' Wilt came in to react his ,ltter aind sat down near him Ieninr ther pleiad n his knee. She wanted to tell sint of iheristy inetlie boat-lhouse with ir. Rivers,-because she thoutight sle ought to, ahd:hedhad eviddntly.beii nlmuch worried about. liep yesterdlay, kniwiing hlow tismid shie was inc a slicrer. oBut after lie foiund out tlhere was a hloiso near by where they took efuge, lie said no i more. So she began at once givlng him the outline of the story rapidly and in:a low tone; the row, the lost bracelet, the shower, and lier stay in the boat-house with Mr. Rivers while it lasted. When she had finished, she waited with burning cheeks for himi to scold her.' But Will, who to do him creit, lhad not heard ten words of what she was saying, nothing but a confused jumble of a boat-house, and ferns, and Madge, sitidhirritably - " How persistent you are,Milly! lWhoat do I care for thiob people and their small happenings? Enjoy yourself with them if you like, but don't expect. me to be interested. I want to read now." Vexed and sorrowing she cried herself to sleep wondering wIhy Will did not care about such a thing as that. She sat in tche cool porch the next morn. ing slielling pes, when the girls camse for her to play tennis. But illy shook lier head resolutely. "No," she said, "a housekeeper has other tlhings to do in the morning than play tennis." "We shall have to send Neal for you, then," said Madge. " lIe chlarged us not to come bnckwithout you. And though 3lailly felt her clleeks burn, se answered, "You need not send Mr. Rivers. Why should I go for him more than for you ?" Why, indeed ? But ten minutes later heo saunteredlazily up the walk, put his laugh ing face in at the door, and said gaily, "Come "s illy, twe want you. Don't refuse-we shall he all going in.a few weeks, you know, and then you can shell peas all winter." As sIte ran upstairs to brush her hair and get ready, she t Shought, "What is the used? I maye as well go, for as hlie says, they will soon be gone, ill of them, and then I can do penance, and and-uWill doesn't care." SAfter thatshle never refused to go wvith her friends anyovhere. She walked, rodle, went sailing, played gamines, went to the hops at the hotel to watch the dancers, in short, drifted whichever way the wave carried her; becauso they wanted her, and because "Will didn't care!" The night was full of moonlight and the soft chlir of crickets. It was the last hop of the season. To-morrow imany were going home, among them Neal Rivers and his mother and Cousin Clare, to sail for Europe. : Madge was disconsolate. As she passed Neal on the piazza, he caught her arim. "Hasn't Milly come yet?" lie said ec citeily., Ct"o," she answered, "I am going now to see why."?hy:" "IIere, give her this." He scrawled a feid words' on the back of one of his cards, in the moonlight: " Come back with Madge.. You must say good-by. \N"'3L" * Sooner than he thought possible they came. Rle stood on the hotel steps waiting for them, his hands crowded into his pockets, his face horribly pale in the moon light as lie looked down upon her face. "Were you not coming ?" "No,"' wearily.. "Then he put her hand on his arm, and they walked slowly down tile yard into the moonlit garden. Suddenly he turned her about and looked into the piteous white face. "Little wild bird, your heart is stricken, too, because we must be parted-and mine, oh, Heaen, mine is breakling!" "Say good-by, and let me -go," she panted. l s IIis hIand trembled; he?,awedhismous tache fiercely... , "'Lmily, I love you," plendingly." "Co with me over the ocean. You must yos shalll I cannot go without yoil! I never wanted any otlher woman for m wisfe--I will never have any other. With you cari be a good man, witlhout you i shall drift to Ilades! Come, come, imy darling i! Ite will not care--ho is hard anud cold, 1s aweek Ie will forget hIe everhad you. In your two small hands you hold my fate .\illy. little brown-haired Milly!" " illy-- littlo brown-halired lilly !" just ?ihiat Will .hld said,'witlh his armns nboUit lier, soolon, ago, in niother moonlt garden filled with the soft hum of :cricets. l Over andover tlie words' ran"tlmiselves its her ears,- -, "I dm a plain mannnt given to many w-ords, but I love you; tilly, darling, littlh brown-lhaired Mily I ', LI,::: , And wovenin somehow wiltili bars of moonligh lt and the humliing crickets were those othcer words in letters of fire': "Wheat therefore God hath"joirned togeIlier, let not man put asiiuider I Doon tlie grd path alh fled like a w-ounded deer" pouting, eager, bractblhes-, suoe"'lid not stopluintic she thicre Icereselt across thie bed in sie' bow rom, and fainted dead ay .TWo das' later, wlcen ':shie crept down stairs in' tihe morniig snlight0 wvithl her pale, shado?y?fdce,tWill .ivaiting at tile foot, held out hIis ahrms and clasped her to him, awakened at last .: ::: - - 