v The Ghost's Violin. ' Continued from our last. ? ; ? ? 'Exhausted V ? ♦Zen; ' ? , ' ' All V 'All,' . % 4 You have no' cheese P . I'No.'- '/ ? No butter 1' \- V f .No.' ? . 'No bread? NomilkT ? ??*??? ? « No.' ' ' ' ' But good heavens, what have yott Mien T ' Some potatoes baking'undet- the ashes.' ' . At the sain© moment: Karl spied in the ?? shadow ;of the steps of the staircase a whole . ? regiment of hens — white, blacky and. red, all asleep. .? 'But,' said Ffafitz, pointing to them, ' you ? snust have eggs V ' We carried them this morning to- market **?%'; at Bruck.' v ' Oh 1 Well, then, cost what it may,, put a Sen on the spit.' . - V' Scarcely ha.d he uttered1 these wotds when ''' ? ,-4e pale girl, her looks dishevelled,. rushed between hira and the staircase crying : ' Let no one dare to touch my hens. Ah,. \- let the creatures of the good God live !' ???There was something so terrible in the as pect of' this unfortunate being, that Hafitz hastened to reply : ' No, no;: we- will not kill .- tjhem ; hflre are putatoaa. I will devote- mjr ... self to potatoes and stay with you, At this \- - moment my vocation assumes a definite form. '. Hfire I shall. reuwln. for- three months — six \- months, in abort-,. 'the time- necessary for be \-- coming thin aa a fakir .-!?' He spoke with^a singular animation,, and ki8 host cried to the pale- young girl; — ?Genevevel Genevove I. look! the- spirit \- B08B6SSRS him as he did the other 1! . At this the cold, wind; without redoubled . its violence, the 'fire ' whirled on the hearth \- and writhed to the ceiling amid a cloud' of gray smoke ; the h.eh8, in this unsteady light, .. seemed to dance on the steps of the-staircas3, , - tad a half-witted girl 'sang iii- a piercing voice ? strange old1 air-, white the log of green wood, weeping in the midst of th»fke,. accompanied ber with its plaintive sighs. Hafitz concluded, that he had fallen into A|he- haunt of the sorcecec Hooker. He de Toured two potatoes, raised the great red jar of . .water aud drank deeply. Tnen he re gained his; composure-.. H» found that the girl haddeparted, and that the man. alone cemained. before tho hearth. ' Mr. Innkeeper,' he recommenced, '-show v me the way to bed.'' His host thereupon lit a lamp and slowly \- apcended tho w inn- eaten- staircase.. He pubhed up a heavy trap door with his grey bead' and' -admitted Karl to tlie loft under' the thatdhed roof. '.That .is your bed,'' said' he,, while deposit ~ ing the lamp on the floor.. ' Sleep well, and,. *bove all,, be cateful with the fire!' ' ''Then he decendedi and- Hafitz remained, alone, bending thoughtfully by the side- of a . large inattreaa. of straw,, covered' by a sack of leathers. . He mused for some time*. wondering: 'whether it would be prudent to sleep, forthe physiognomy of the old man seemed very ?inister while thinking of those clear gray ?yes; those bluish lips surrounded by deep wrinkles, that large bony forhead and yellow . feh complexion, he suddenly remembered that oik the Gnldenburg: three men. had been Hanged,, and- that the face of . one of them; ?triwigeljjr/ resembled that of his host. He, too, bud. had . those cavernous eyeB,. he also ' bad- been, out at the elbows, while the- great toe of- bis-left foot had protruded: from the ?hoe abi'unkan, and' cracked by the rain. Be remembered- also that this wretched feeing, Malcboir by name, had- formerly been ?omething'ofi a. musician, and that they had ' t fctfng-. him. for having murdered with his pitcher the inkeeper of the Golden Sheep, . who ,had. demanded; of him. the conventional 1 kalf-orownt. ? The music of 'this poor devil had!profoundly Moved him; If, was fantastic and original, ' ? v and the pupil of Master Albert envied the i vagrant; Slit in that moment the appear ance of the. body on the gallows rose before kis mind with perfect distinctness, and he fteard once; more the fluttering, of bis rags in; Jt ' Ibe night wind; and' saw the ravens- fluttering around the- gibbet with- ravenous- ories,. He Jelt bimself tremble,, and- his- terror waB ' greater increased, when, he- found, at the !, / kettom of the loft, against the-Tall,. a. violin ^ jiurinounted- with two withered palmsi. \- ' ^ ' Then be would have fled, but at the- same \ fcx&t;^nt the- raugji. voice of his host struck y, f .] iponHik eats. '/l&.Jt?' ' Put out (Aa light !' he cried: ' Get into. joa. ta ha careful with the fire,' ^''XTieSF'^'ordS' 8enti,r^g*tiiriH-?4hroni»h Karl's terror-strioken heart. He stretohed him^elf on the floor and blew out the light. All be came still in the hut. ?-Kail listened to the moaning of tho wind, to the ni^ht-birdn calling to one another in tlie darkness, and to the mice running over the worm-eaten floor, until at last, notwith standing his res.ilution not to close au eye, he foil fast asleep when it was nearly morn ing. Sud Jon !y a sob, bitter, poignant, and full of anguish, waked him with a stmt A cold sweat covered his face. He looked and saw in the corner of the room the crouching figure of a man. It was Molchoir, who was hanged. His black hair fell about his emaciated body ; his neck and chest were bare. So horribly thin was he that one might have thought him the skeleton of a gigantic locust. A beautiful moonbeam, entering by the little skylight, shone softly on him with a bluish gleam unl lit up the laige cobwebs hanging around. With wide open eyes and lips apart Hafitz silently gazed upon this weiid being as one might gaze on death when the last hour had come. S iddenly the skeleton stretched out his long withered hand aud snatched the violiu from the wall. He supported it against his shoulder ; then after a moment's silence, he began to play. There wete notes as funereal as the sound of tho earth falling on the coffin of a wull beloved being: solemn as the thunder of cascades dragged along t.y the echoes of the mountains; majestic as the great gusts of autumn wind in the midst of sonorous forests ; and sometimes sad, sad as incurable despair. Then amid these passionate sobs, he plaved a song tliat was light, silvery, and sweet, like the song of a baud of gay guld 'finches fluttering over the flowery thickets. These dainty trills went whirling along with an ineffable trembling of carelessness and joy, and then; as if frightened by the waltz, flew suddenly away, palpitating, distracted, mad. Love, joy, and despair all San?, all wept, und rushed pell-mell from under the vibrant bo v. And Karl notwithstanding his unspeak able terror, stretched forth his arms and cried, 'O great, great artist I O sublime genius ! Ah, how I pity your sa 1 fate ! To be hung for having killed that brutal inn-: keeper, who did not know one note of music,. To wander through the forest- in the moon light — to' have no longer a body, and yet so beautiful a talent. O God !' ' ?' But as lie-thus cried aloud, the rough voice, from below interrupted him. 'Hallow, upstairs there! Have you finished talking at last? Are you sick i ? Or, is the house on fire? And the wooden steps creaked under a heavy tread, a bright glow illuminati'd the-'i cracks in the' try p-door, which opened by a shoulder thrust, letting the innkenper-appear. ' Ah, Mr. Innkeeper, Mr. Innkeeper/ cried Hafitz,. ' what do is this mean ? At first celestial music vrakes me and transports tny soul to the invisible spheres — then behold^ I how all has vanished like a dream.' The face of the host became thoughtful . at once. 'Yes, yes,'' he ? muimrued dreamily, ' Mel choir lias come- again to disturb- .our slumber; then- he will always return ! Our ' rest is no.w lost. Never again, can we .think of sleeping. But, co-.ioe, comrade,, get up and smoke a pipe with, me.' Karl did not wait to be begged ; he1 was only too- anxious to go. But. when he camel below, finding that day was yet distant, lief sat long, veiy long,- wiJi his head betwi-M his hands, his elbows on his knees, p.'unj.# in an abyss of melancholy thoughts, . . J| The innkeeper rekindled the fit e. and tlg| took his former seat,, the bioken chair at tW hearth, and smoked in silence. ^ At last the gay morning appeared, and showed in faintly through the dull little win dows. The cock crew, and the hens, began to hop from step to step. '? H'ow much dto I owe you ?' asked! Ktat 1,. while buckling his knapsack on his. shoulders apd taking his staff. , ' You owe us a prayer at the ohapsl of St.. Blaise,' said, the man in a strange- tone - ' a prayer for the soul of my son Melcboir who wus; hanged, and1 another for that of his betrothed, Genevieve,, whe is crazed.. ' Is that all?' ??That is all.' ' Then- farewell. I shall not forget.'' In fact,, the first thing that Kurt did on arriving at Fribough was to pray fervently ' for the poor vagrant,, and. for her whom he had loved. Then he sought his- favourite inn,, spread out his music paper on the table;, and calling for a bottle- of .Rikevir^ wrote at the head of the first sheet of paper, 'The Violin of- One- Who. Was Hanged/ and com* posed, during one sitting,, his. first wholly original composition.. HHE. END.. Ths: Young Murder. — Two men. have beenaciested on. suspicion of having, mur dered the- ha-w-kor Hans Olund on Friday night, 4th inst. One of them was brought before the Bench at Grsnfell, and discharged.. The other (a young man about 20' yeais of age) was brought before the Burrowa bench and. remanded' to. Young,, where on. Wednes day he was further remanded till Mouday. When ariested' at Btirrowa a revolver, some loaded cartridges,, and; 2s in. cash was~ found upon him.. He admits visiting his camp close to the scene o£' murder on Friday night for the- purpose- of rolling up-his swag,, but it is a remarkable- faot that he- went to Bnrrowa leaving, his swag behind him;. Pri soner is said to-be well known, te the police. The hearing of tlie case against Isaac Saw.yer,. arrest di on suspicion of having: murdered the hawker, Hans, Olund,. was continued on Monday last before Police Magistrate Robin son. Sub-inspector Walker, .of' Young,, and. Detective Cocking conducted the prosecution, | accused being, undefended) The- C6urt sat from lO a.m; till 5 p.m.. and. then adjourned till the next morning. Eight witnesses were examined, and 31 mote had then to give testimony. The evidence adduced was almost the same as heard- at the inquest,. Mr; A..H. Bray, secretary of the- United' Grand Masonic Lodge of New South Walss, has received official advice-of the- formal re cognition of the lodge by the United- Grand' Lodge of England^. The-total amount of' overpaid' rents and' liconse fees recentljr refunded by the Govern ment to pastoral: lessees, was- £156.952 19s. 3d.. ' i T ? '? ,t: ,'i V.:, : ? : _ . 