Story Column. THE DEATH SHIP, A STRANGE STORY. AN ACCOUNT OF A CRUISE IN THE FLYING DUTCHMAN, COLLECTED FROM THE PAPERS OF THE LATE MR. GEOFFREY FENTON, OF POPLAR, MASTER MARINER. BY W. CLARK RUSSELL, Author of 'The Wreck of the Grosvenor,' 'The Golden Hope,' &c;, &c.; [All Queensland Rights Reserved.] SYNOPSIS OF PREVIOUS CHAPTERS. Ohaptebs I. to V.— The narrator- of the story ?to Geoffry Fenton, from whoso paperarit la col lected. He tells how he sails: as Bocond mate, in ' the Saracen, under Captain Skevington- 1 Ihey 'speak' the iovoly Nancy, near tho Eauntor, ' ana the captain, Samuel Bullock, of Rbtherhithc, tells Captain HkovinRton of having seen the Phantom Ship, which seemed to be under the command of a. tall man with a great beard, and with a face as of a man who tad died and when diiR up resumed Us death bed aspect. Ho warns him atrainst tho.fihin nn a sneetre to be shunned. ? Chatters V. to 'yil.— As the Saracen ap proaches Table Bay, Captain Skeviiicton speaks to Fenton In a depressed, superstitious way of . tho Phantom Ship, and fears that they will meet Tier. After encountering some rough weather, during which the carpenter breaks his leg, Fenton has aconversation with him as to the phenomenon, and as to speaking'to the lovely Nancy which had seen the flying Dutchman. The carpenter is greatly unnerved by the narration, and says ' I never yet knew or heard of a ship reportiug to another of having met the Dutchman without the othermeeting the ghost too afore she's ended her voyage.' ? Chaftehb Vm. to X.— Next day the crew are horrified by the fact that Captain Skevington is found in his cabin with hisbrauisblownout.having evidently in amomeritof delirium shothimself. Mr. Hall, the mate, harangues tho men, who express a desire that the ship shall be directed to Table Bay, where she can be purified from tho effects of the contagion with the vessel that had seen the ill— ? fated Vanderdecken, by tho prayers of a clergy . man. Hall promises to attend to it, but the next sensation is the sighting of a curious craft, silent and mysterious, and, as they approach nearer, ono pions seaman remarks with a kind of scream in his notes, ' As I hope to bo forgiven for Jesus' sake, ypn's the ship that was cursed hist century.' Chapters XI. to XV.— Fenton, as soon as the Doomed Slup approaches the Saracen, falls over board, but is rescued and taken on board the Phantom vnjwnl. More dead than alive _ he en counters Vanderdecken, tho captain, who minis ters to his wonts, and gives nim a change of Clothing. His speech is of a former age— 1653— thoughne speaks of events of what ho calls ' lost year.'' Everything in the ship betokens her great nee. The first night Fenton spends in the Death Ship fills him with horror. In tho pitch darkness he beholds faint crawlings and swarmings of phosphoric light upon the beams and bulkheads ; tho creaking, straining, jarring noise of the ancient venae! come upon him with appalling effect, but the homely thunder of the sea at last rocks hi™ to sleep. Chapteb XVI.— The day following he inspects the vessel, and some strange conversations ensue between himself and Vanderdecken upon the stormy deck. On betas taken to the captain's cabin, Fenton is amazed to find airlrl from IB to 2* years seated at a table on the right hand of the captain's chair. CHAPTER XVI. — (Continued.) "Indeed!" I exclaimed, transported out of myself by hearing this, and by perceiving how warm, real, and living she was. "But, in the name of Heaven, how is it that you are alone upon this strange ship, amid these mysterious men?" for that question I could no more for- bear asking right out, than I could conceal the admiration in my eyes, whilst I felt no diffi- dence in talking, as I made no doubt the English language was unintelligible to the others. She swiftly glanced at me but did not answer. I took this as a hint, and was silent. And yet it did not seem that Vanderdecken or Van Vogelaar heeded us. They appeared as men sunk in deep abstraction, even whilst they ate and drank. Some meat was put before me. Prins offered me a cake, and, being hard set, I fell to. I found the meat salt, but sweet and tender enough, and turning to the mate asked him what it was. "Antelope," he replied, "yonder," pointing to the other dish, "is buffalo." "Sir," exclaimed Vanderdecken, with a wonderful stateliness in his manner, "be pleased to despise ceremony here. Such as our fare is, you are welcome. Take as you may require, and Prins will fill your cup as often as you need." I bowed and thanked him. "The wind blows hard, Imogene," said he, addressing the girl. . . "It storms directly along the path we would take. It is miser- able," he continued, turning to me, "that a change of weather should come upon us just about those parts, where the breeze freshened into this gale last night. But we'll force her to windward yet— hey, Herman?— though — though----" he looked at the lady he had named Imogene and halted abruptly in his speech, but I noticed he could not quickly clear his face of the passionate mad look that darkened it, though it did not qualify the paleness of the skin, but was like the shadow of a heavy storm cloud passing over the up- ward gazing features of a dead man. There fell a silence among us, through which we could hear the dreary howling of the wind, the falls of heavy masses of water upon the decks, and the lamentable complaining of the whole fabric, though as these noises were chiefly in the hold the notes rose somewhat dulled. Presently, feeling it indecorous in me to sit silent, I asked the captain what his cargo was. He answered: "We have much wrought and raw silk, and cloves, musk, nutmegs, mace, and pepper, wood for dyeing, drugs, calicos, lacquerware, and such commodities, sir." "And how many of a crew?" Van Vogelaar turned to look at me. "Ask no questions," exclaimed the girl in English. "You will be misunderstood." "Our guns are few, but the Braave is a swift ship," said the mate, with a very stern and sullen expression on his rugged face. "She has outsailed one English frigate, and by this time our admirals should have left us little to fear from the fleets of your Cromwell." "Pray," said the lady, addressing Vander- decken, and glancing in like a sunbeam upon this sudden darkness of temper, "tell me of this gentleman — how it happens he is here. I find he is my countryman. Converse with me about him." If it were possible for human affection to touch into softness the fierce majestic coun- tenance of the notable-looking being, whose mein as he sat at the table might have been that of some dethroned emperor, with the pride of Lucifer to sustain him, I might seem to have witnessed the tenderness of it in his ashen, bearded face when he turned the cold glitter of his eyes upon the girl. "We spoke his ship late last night, when thou wast asleep, Imogene, and Van Vogelaar went in our boat to buy tobacco, if they were willing to sell, but on seeing the boat they fired upon her. A light air blew, and the ship moved away. Our boat was returning, when she spied this gentleman fast drowning. Van Vogelaar dragged him out of the water, and— here he is!" saluting him with a grave inclination of the head. "Had we changed places," said the stormy- minded, rugged mate, "what would have been my fate?" A colour flashed into Imogene's face, and she cried, "Oh, Herr von Vogelaar, your pardon, if you please. English seamen are as humane as they are brave." "Yes," said the mate, with a sneer that ren- dered his ugliness quite horrible with the dis- tortion of it, "because English sailors are brave, they fire upon an inoffensive boat, and because they are humane, they leave their com- rade to perish!" "Madam," said I softly, "the character of this ship was known to us." She slightly raised her eyes, and such a sad- ness came into them that I feared to see her shed tears. Meanwhile Vanderdecken had his gaze fixed upon me. He seemed to be musing upon what the mate had said. "It was your Commodore Young," said he, in his resonant voice, that, to be sure, sounded grandly after the harsh pipes of the mate, "who provoked us. Why should your nation exact the honour of the flag? Has it bred greater seamen than Holland? There is my friend, Willhem Schouten; many a pipe, when I was a young man, have I smoked with him in his summer-house at Hoorn. Does even your Drake surpass Schouten? No, no! It was not for England to be mistress of the seas!" he exclaimed, with a solemn shake of the head, not wanting in a grave kind of urbanity. I caught a glance from the girl, but I needed no hint to keep my tongue still. It was mad- dening and terrifying enough to hear this man speak of Schouten as a friend--Schouten, who greatly headed the grand procession of mariners such as Dampier, Byron, Anson, and many others who since his day have sailed round that Cape Horn— which the stout Hollander was the first to pass and to name— into the great South Sea. The captain appeared to delight to talk of the war between the Dutch and the English. I remember that he praised our Commodore Bod- ley, and said that if the States' ambassador, Adrian Paaw, had been a person of understand- ing, the treaty might have stood. This I recollect, but very little more, for, to be plain, it was not only a frightful thing to listen to him, but my thoughts were thrown into the utmost confusion by the loveliness of the lady who confronted me — by the assurance of sweet eyes, warm colour, and her maidenly youth, which lived in every movement, word, smile, or sad look of hers, that she was no true member of the unholy and fearful company she lived amongst; by my wondering how she came to be in the Death Ship, and how it happened that she was finely dressed; not to speak of other speculations, such as how the food upon the table was provided, and by what means this ship, which I knew had been struggling against the will of the Omnipotent foe hard upon 150 years, should be supplied with a liberal stock of the conveniences of life. But we had now done eating. The mate rose and quitted the table, but his place was shortly afterwards taken by another man whom I had not before seen — the second mate, as I afterwards discovered, named Anthony Arents. This person looked to be about 50 years of age. He wore high boots and a cloak and soft flap- ping hat, which he threw down on entering. His left eye had a cast, and the bridge of his nose was broken; but his countenance was of the true Dutch character, and in some points he was like the boatswain, Antony Jans, whom I had seen on deck when waking into consciousness, only that he had less flesh to his belly. But in him was the same ghastly hue of skin you saw in the others; 'twas in his hands as in his face. Had you come across him in your sleep you would have said he had been dead some days. And, indeed, never did I view a corpse made ready for casting overboard that had the aspect of the dead to strong upon it as these men. He helped himself to food, taking not the least notice of me. Prins meanwhile had put a box of tobacco and some long clay pipes upon the table, one of which Vanderdecken took and filled, asking me to smoke. I thanked him, wondering what sort of tobacco time had converted this weed into, and took the tinder box from the captain and lighted my pipe. Well, if this was an ancient tobacco, age had not spoiled its quali- ties. It smoked very sweet and sound. "We are on short allowance," said the captain. "Our stock has run low. It will be a hardship, if we should come to want tobacco." I made no reply, being determined to learn all I could about this ship and her people from Miss Imogene before offering suggestions. The girl, with her elbows on the table and her fair chin resting on her hands, which made an ivory cup for her face, watched me con- tinuously with eyes whose brightness the large and sparkling diamond on her forefinger did not match by many degrees of glory. "Are you long from England?" says she to me presently in Dutch, that Vanderdecken might know what we talked about. "We sailed in April last," I replied. "And you, madam?" She either did not hear the question or would not answer. "Are you married?" asked the captain of me, smoking very slowly to get the true relish of the tobacco, whilst the second mate chewed his food with vacant eyes, squinting straight ahead or meeting in a traverse on his plate. "No, sir," I replied. "Are your parents living?" he said. "My mother is alive," I answered. "Ah!" said he, speaking as one in a reverie. "A sailor should not marry. What is more uncer- tain than the sea? The mariner's wife can never make sure of her husband's return. What will mine be thinking, if we continue to be blown back, as we are now by these westerly gales? It seems longer than months, yea it appears to me to be years, since I last beheld her and my daughters standing near the Schrey- erstoren, weeping and waving their farewells to me. My eldest girl, Gertruida, will be grown sick at heart with her long yearning for the parcel of silk I have for her. And Mar- garetha— " he sighed softly. Then turning to Imogene, he said, "My dear, show this gentleman the toy I am taking home for my little Margaretha." She rose with a look of pain in her face, and stepped to the cabin that was the captain's. I now understand why he had desired me to speak in subdued tones last night, for that was the room in which she slept. The ease with which she moved upon that heaving deck was wonderful, and this verse of a ballad came into my head as I watched her go from the table to her cabin : — No form he saw of mortal mould, It shone like ocean's snowy foam; Her ringlets waved in living gold, Her mirror crystals, pearl her comb. Ay, the ocean might have owned her for a child, with such dainty, elegant ease did she accommodate her form to the sweep and heave of its billows, as denoted by the motions of the ship, as some lovely gull with breast of snowy down and wings of ermine airily expresses the swing and charge of the surge by its manner of falling in each hollow and lifting above each head on outstretched pinion. Her costume too, that was so strange a thing, giving to its interior so romantic an appearance that, had the ship been still, and you had looked in at the cabin door, then, with this lady's beauty and dress, the majestic figure of Vanderdecken smoking in his high-backed chair, the second mate at his food, Prins stand- ing like one that dreams, all the faces but the girl's and mine ghastly, the strange beauty of the lamp that swung over the table, the two oval frames holding paintings so bleared and dusky that it was difficult to make out the subjects, the dim and wasted colour of the cabin walls, and the bald tawdri- ness of what had been rich giltwork, the clock of ancient pattern, the parrot cage--I say' had you been brought on on a sudden to view this interior from the door, you might easily have deemed it some large astonishing picture painted to the very height of the greatest masters perfection. In a moment or two Miss Imogene returned, and coming to the table placed upon it a little figure about 6 inches tall. It was of some metal and had been gaily coloured, as I sup- posed, from what was left of the old tints; its style was a red cloak falling down its back, a small cap with a feather, shoes almost hidden with great rosettes, hose as high as the thigh, and then a sort of blouse with a girdle. Both arms hung before in a very easy and natural posture, and the hands grasped a flute. Vanderdecken, putting down his pipe, took a key from under the cloak of the figure, and wound the automaton up as a clock, when it instantly lifted the flute to its mouth in the exact manner of life, and played a tune. The sound was very pure though piercing, the melody simple and flowing. In all, the figure played six tunes without any sound of the clock-work within, and it was undoubtedly a very curious and costly toy. The second mate stalked out in the middle of this performance, having finished his meal, and showing no more sensibility to what was doing than did the table the figure played on. Scare had the sixth tune been played, when the parrot called out from his cage, "Wy zyn al verdomd!" clearly showing that she knew when the enter- tainment was over. Her pronouncing these words in Dutch robbed them somewhat, to my ear, of their tremendous import, but still it was a terrible sentence for the creature to have lighted on, and I wondered what her ago was, for she could not have been newly hatched when Vanderdecken brought her, as— he told me— she then spoke the same words. How- ever, the captain was full of his flute-player, and neither he nor Imogene noticed the parrot. "This should delight my little Margaretha," said he, lifting the figure and examining it; "'tis as cunning a toy as ever I saw. I bought it at Bartavia, from an old friend of mine, Meeuves Meindertszoom Bakker, who had pur- chased it of a sailor belonging to the company's ship, Revolutie, for eight ducats. 'Twill re- joice my child; you shall present it to her, Imogene. I would not sell it for 500 dollars; 'tis worthy to be John Muller's work." He ceased speaking, lifting his hand; then exclaimed, "Hark! how the wind continues to storm." He gave the figure to the girl, who returned it to her cabin. In a few minutes he put down his pipe and bade Prins bring him his skin or fur cap, and then rose, impressing me as keenly as though I viewed him for the first time by the nobility of his stature, his great beard flowing to the waist, the sharp supernatural fires in his eyes as if the light there were living flames. In silence he quitted the cabin, acting like a man influ- enced by spells, without the governance of the logic of human behaviour. [To be Continued To-morrow.] 