UkDER THE ROSE. BY THE ATJTHOB OF "ONLY DOBA," &c.; CHAPTEB XXVII— fCWinucd ) \- JMLr. lioberts received, this letter m due course, and was frowning over it when his son-in-law entered his office. Pendarvon looked worn and haggard ; the good looks which had been his best possession bad entirely disap peared. A morose expression shrouded the fire of his eyes, and he was singu larly pale for so dark-complexioned a man. He and the banker exchanged greetings. " How is Agatha ?" as'ied the father. " She is quito well," said Pendar von. " She danced without cessation all last night at our ball, and flirted in equal proportion." " Oh, that of course," laughed the banker. " She is such a queen of beauty that she can scarcely avoid appearing to flirt, she is so surrounded always by men." Pendarvon Bighed. "I am come," he said, with some hesitation, " from her — or rather, per haps, ou her account — to us.'t it' you can help us witli a small sum again ? " Mr. Roberts looked and felt sur prised. " My dear fellow," he exclaimed, "youmust be sowing your common with gold! I told you and Agatha that 1 could only allow her a thou sand a year as yet. She has had a" quarter of it, and a thousand pounds on her marriage, the furnishing of her house, and several small cheques when she was staying here. In four months two thousand two hundred and fifty pounds! How do you get through it in your cottage " ? I reasly can't tell you; my pay suffices for my personal wants, and our outlay is immense certainly. Anyhow, now I am also a beggag on my own account. Will you lend me fifteen hundred pounds, which my father will repay — you know you have his savings in your bank, so you are sure of your money — in a year ? " , The banker looked annoyed. " Do you gamble, Owen ? " he asked, sbarply. " I don't believe that Agatha, with her modest household, and possessing such a trousseau, can Bpend the sums yon seem to get through. It is not possible that little dinners, four servants, and a victoria Bhould swallow up more than five hundred pounds a month, and leave you in want of nearly two thousand more ' at the end.' " "No," said Pendarvon, flushing deeply; "I do not gamble. I want this money to pay an old debt of my own which is now troubling me. Will you obiige me, Mr. Roberts ?" with great stiffness. " Well, I suppose I must ; but, Owen, I want to have a talk with you about the bank again. However, not to-day. Here is a letter from Pleming announcing that Miss Tressilian will not go to Florence yet for Borne time ; and ft she does not a heavy cheque will have to be sent both to her and to him. If is most unfortunate ; besides, I had hoped " His revelation respecting his hopes or fears was interrupted by a knock at the office door. "It is my manager," he said, " come by appointment to speak to me. I must wish you»good bye, Pendarvon ; but you will dine with us ? About the cheque ? Ob, yes ; I will send it to you.'' . And thus the interview terminated. m m Mrs. Fleming's recovery was very bIow. She -did not regain her health as quickly as they had hoped, and Iseulte could not be persuaded to leave ber. So the days stole on, Lancelot occasionally lettving home to stay with the St. Manrs, who had meantime returned to the castle — Lady Aline declared chiefly because bier father could not do without Mr. Fleming. Iseultp gave up sleeping in her own especial tower, to occupy a chamber which opened into Mrs. Fleming's, and Gwenny of course moved her quarters also,; -but in the morning, often before her friend was dressed, or of an afternoon when Mrs. Fleming wished to sleep, Iseulte returned to her '.favourite occupation in her boudoir. . October was unusually stormy that year. Gales of wind raged around ' the Moorlands,1 and many a mighty old tree which had withstood the \- storms of centuries was torn up by them. Iseulte tried to make drawings of -these ruined oaks from memory, Mowing how much her guardian had tljem ; and she wan thuB ' one afternoon in her' of the zoom suddenly opened. She glanced up, expecting to see Gwenny, and was am&zed; at beholding Agatha Pendarvon standing by it, so pale, and with such a startled look in her eyes, that Iseulte instinctively felt that she was the bearer of evil tidings. "My dear Agatha," she cried, starting up, " What is the matter F " The question Bpraog from her lips involuntarily instead of the ordinary greeting. Agatha did not answer ; but closiug and locking tho door, threw herself weeping on Iseulte's shoulder. She was evidently unable to speak. Miss Tressilian placed her in an easy chair, and endeavoured to Boothe her ; but Agatha wept on incessantly and piteously. "You are exhausted and tired, dear, I think," said Iseulte, at last, rising from her knees by her friend's side. " I will ring and tell Gwenny to bring you some wine." " No, no ! " sobbed Agatha, holding her tightly. " Call no one — mo one must know that I am here. You must hide me, Iseulte — hide me!" wildly. " My dear Aggy, what can you mean?' asked Iseulte, greatly alarmed. " Why must I hide you ?'" " Because," in a hoarse whisper, " if he finds me be will kill me. He will, Iseulte ! Oh, I have escaped with such difficulty !" she shuddered. "But. of whom do you speak?'' Iseulte asked, with a dreadful fore boding at her heart. "Of my husband — of Owen Pen darvon ! Oh, , how I hate — how I loathb him ! But for him I might have been " She paused ; then added, abruptly : " Iseulte, can you keep a secret ?' " Yes," replied Miss Tressilian, bitterly, "too well, T fear'- But, Agatha, I have promised never to hear or keep another. You must not, therefore, tell me anything that I may not confide to Mrs. Fleming. "I dare nob let yon do that!" sho murmured. " But thus much I trust to your kindness— to your discretion, dear — I am most unhappy ! Owen's love has turned to hatred through the fiercest jealousy. Lately he has positively terrified me by it. I feel — 1 know that my life is not safe with him, Iseulte," with a strong shudder. Iseulte was greatly shocked. CHAPTEE XXVIIL " My dear, surely your imagination is deceiving you," said Iseulte, soothingly. " Captain Pendarvon loves you madly." " Ah, yes, that is the very word !" repeated Agatha, madly. " Ho cannot bear me out of his sight ; he cannot bear me to speak to or look at any one. Oh, Iseulte, I used to think Othello an impossible character, even when I saw Salvini act it ; but now I own it is life-like." "And have you given him no cause to be so jealous?" asked Iseulte, gravely. She remembered Agatha's old love of admiration. "None — none!" was the eager reply. " Indeed I have not ! I have never really flirted since I married, dear, i gave you my word. Of course I have been admired ; but I canilot possibly help that, can I ?" " No," admitted Iseulte ; "but per haps it. would be better if you were not admired now." "Perhaps; but, oh! Iseute, it has been a wretched marriage all through, and I might have been " She paused again, with a strong shudder. "She is thinking of poor Lord Trefusis," thought Iseulte. She said aloud : "My dear Aggy, it is of no use to look back on what ' might have been.' Surely you have never uttered such regrets to your husband ?" Agatha gave a suppressed scream and started up, lookingly wildly round. , " IIuBh ! hush !" she Baid. " Don't remind me? Oh! Iseulte, will you hide me? Dear — dear Iseulte, will you save my life ?" And she flung herself at Miss Tres- silian's feet. Iseulte, greatly distressed, raised her. " Certainly ; I will do all I can for you, Agatha. But how can I hide you ? Will you explain the cause of of your fears to Mrs. Fleming ? She will be better able to counsel and de fend you than I am, and you may safely trust her." Agatha hesitated. " If you aro certain she will not give me back to him," she said at last. " I am Bure she will not if you do not wish it. Come with me to her, ' holding out her hand. " Oh, no ; I dare not. The servants may Bee me. Bring her here, dear Iseulte." " Very .well ; but come first to my old bed- room, and shut yourBelE in till I return." Agatha eagerly consented. As Iseulte took off ber bonnet and made her lie down on the sofa, she said : " I am very faint and hnngry, dear. Will you give me something to eat ? I was afraid to stop' anywhere on my road for refreshment." Iseulte, greatly pained, promised to bring her food as quickly as possible, and hurried off to Mrs. Fleming. She found the rector sitting chatting with her in the drawing-room. He rose to shake hands. Iseulte was a great favourite of his. " Have you seen a ghost, Iseulte?" asked Mrs. Fleming, as the girl, still very pale and looking worried, sat down, feeling dreadfully vexed at find ing the rector there. " No," she said, smiling, " bat it is a wild evening enough for anything uncany to appear. How awful the gales are, Mr. Hughes !" " Very frightful and very destruc tive. Mrs. Fleming was just telling me that you are" engaged in making pictorial records of our lost old oaks. I should much like to see them if you would permit. I think I knew every leaf, and bole, and branch of them." " I shall be glad of your criticisms another time," said Iseulte, thinking with dismay of her visitor ; " but it is " "! . - ' much too dark now to exhibit my performances." " I will call to-morrow, then, to see them," he answered. " If you will kindly wait a day or two filBt I should he glad," she said, " ihen they will be fitter for inspec tion." He bowed assent, and began to chat on parish matters — of poor old people and the schools — lingering on in con versation that would at another time have been interesting to her, but which under the circumstances was .madden ing. Who has not known this great minor trial of social life — being obliged to smile and chat to guests whose pre sence is actually oppressive, who may cause great calamities by thus uncon sciously hindering us, whose words seem then idle and mocking sounds ? Miss Tressilian grew so nervous she could have screamed at last ; but the dreBsing-bell terminated the rector's visit. He had shared the 5 o'clock tea before Mrs. Fleming. That lady asked bim to remain and dine, and Iseulte's heart stood still for a moment lest ho should accept the invitation ; but he did not, hap pily, and she breathed again. As soon as he was gone she told her .hurried tale to Mrs, Fleming, who heard it with amazement and dismay. " My dear," she ejaculated, " we cannot keep a wife from her hus band! It is not possible; besides, the story seems too wild to be true. It is some fancy of Agatha's." " But do come and see her ; and may I take her some food ?" pleaded Iseulte. ' " Of course ; run to your room and ring for Mrs. Rosvear. We must trust Gwenny so far as to tell her to purloin Borne cold chicken, a plate, knife and fork, and glass. I will send for some wine — or, atop ! I have old port in a pint bottle here meant for poor Elias Ford. She can have that. In a house like this it is diffi cult to secure food for secret eating. Make haste, and we will take it to the turret." A few words to Gwenny, without any explanation, sufficed. Very shortly Mrs. Fleming and Iseulte were in Miss Tressilian's former bed room, where they found poor Agatha weeping nervously, and reproaching Iseulte for her long delay. Mrs. Fleming made her eat and drink before she would hear a word ; then she asked her very kindly and calmly what the quarrel with her husband was ; and Agatha told a sad tale of wedded unhappiness. Mrs. Fleming could see through it — that there were grave faults on both sides. Agatha's complaints of Owen's stinginess seemed only revelations of ' her own extravagance — his bitter and passionate jealousy, of her love of admiration and want of love for him self ; but when the poor young woman declared with 8ole"bm pro testations that her life was not safe with him, Mrs. Fleming wholly re fused to accept it as a fact. " Your imagination has deceived you, dear Mrs. Pendarvon," she said. " It is not possible that the husband who loves you so madly would soak to destroy you. "But it is! it is-" cried Agatha, passionately. "Now that heknews i am aware of — of things that make me hate and loathe him. When he knows that I will never live with him again — nerer again touch his hand — " with a shudder — "he will kill me. He has told me he would rather look upon he dead than know I was no longer his. Then" — in a whisper — " there is something that I might tell of him," " My dear, a wife's evidence against her husband is never received," said Mrs. Fleming, gravely ; " and surely you are too bitter against Captain Pendarvon. Your anger makes you exaggerate. Remember you swore to keep by him 1 for better or worse ; ' your vows bind you to bear with him." " But if my life is not safe ? " she cried. "Then the law will protect you, and separate you from him." " Aid meantime ? Oh 1 Mrs. Fleming, will you not shelter and hide me till my father can come to , my aid ?" "Why did you not go to him at once ?" asked poor vexed Mrs. Flem- iug- " He is in Florence with mamma. \V ill you telegraph to him to come home, and will you hide me here till he does ?" Mrs. Fleming hesitated still. She was hospitable and generous, but she had no great faith in Agatha, and it was a disagreeable business to be mixed up in. Iseulte spoke : " Dear Mrs. Fleming, you will do so much for poor Agatha, I am Bure. She can stay here quite safely. Gwenny can be trusted to bring the food, and I can have luncheon or breakfast here you know, so we may manage easily. Only Agatha must not show a light at night from the windows. The shutters must be shut, and you can order fires in all these rooms to keep them dry you know." "So be it then." assented Mrs. Fleming. " We will send Gwenny, Mrs. Pendarvon, to light the fire here for you, and I advise yon to go to bed at once. You. are tired and worn out." . "But am I to stay here alone?" asked Agatha, fretfully. " Won't leeulte remain with me "I cannot without exciting sus picion," she replied. " Gwenny will stay with you as long as she can." The dinner-bell was now heard. "Wo must go at once, Iseulte, or the servants' curiosity will be ex cited," said Mrs. Fleming, rising. "Lock and bolt your door, and we will send Gwenny to fasten up the tower and stay with you, Mrs. Pen darvon." " I will come again before I sleep," promised Iseulte, kiBBing her friend kindly. " Iseulte," said Agatha, - nervously, " the outer door was unfastened when I came — that iB how I entered un- 'sein." " I will bar and bolt it myself when tve go down to Ike lower rooms," re- plied MiBs Tressilian. "No one shall be able to get to you." She shut the shutters, drew the curtains, and lighted the candles. " Gwenny will soon make you a fire. Good-bye for the present, dear Aggy." " Ah," cried Agatha, " how can I ever thank you enough !" " Poor soul !" thought Iseulte, re morsefully ; " but for me you would not have been his wife !" - Tbey fastened all the doors before they left the turret, and then hast ened to dinner. Mrs. FlemiDg, to avert suspicion, said at table.: "Tbe oaks will be bettor seen b y daylight, I think. How we have gos siped ! 1 had no idea it was so late." They had to sit and chat during dinner of all sorts of indifferent things ; but as soon as they were left alone at tbe dessert Mrs. Fleming spoke on the subject occupying their thoughts. " Can there be any real cause, do you think, Iseulte, for Mrs. Pendar- von's conduct?" |'I can't be sure, of course," replied Miss Tressilian ; " but Agatha never was imaginative, and there is no doubt that Captain Pendarvon is of a very jealous nature." " She says he has cause to fear her betraying some secret of his," added Mrs. Fleming, musingly. "Surely it cannot be — " Then she paused, but added, almost immediately : " Iseulte, do not listen to any con fidence she may wish to repose in you." " I have already refused," answered Miss Tressilian. "It is the only safe thing to do. You must not be implicated in her affairs, even by listening to ber tale. I will drive over to Bishopsleigh, and send a telegram to her father to morrow. We will not send for Lance lot, I think, unless we are obliged to do so." " Oh, no !" said Iseulte, eagerly. "It would be dreadful to expose him to Captain Pendarvon's jealous wrath or fear." Mrs. Fleming smiled. "You would rather risk it your self," she said, tenderly. "Of course," flushing deeply. "I, not Mr. Fleming ' the only son of hi mother, and she a widow?' Audi — to whom is my life ot value sadly. The elder lady rose and kissed her. " To me," she said, with emotion, " and to your guardian your life is very precious, darling ; nor shall any risk come near you while we live. It was only for fear of possible peril to you that I hesitated to receive this poor lady. However, it was im possible to Bend her away homeless at this hour! Now, if you like to take some fruit and biscuits from the table jou can. It is fortunate that the passage to the turret is through this room !" Iseulte obeyed the suggestion, loaded herself with sucli dessert as she could carry, and returned to her guest. She found her seated in an easy chair by a blazing fire, more com posed, and chatting to Gwenny, who was arranging tho room for the night. Iseulte remained for an hour with Agatha, then advised her to go to bed and reBt. When Gwenny came to assist at Miss Tressilian's night toilette she gave a good account of Mrs. Pendar von, who was, she said, " sleeping like a lamb." "And, indeed, Miss Iseulte," said the good woman,"! would do any thing for her since she tells me she has found out what them Pendarvons are." CHATTERXXIX. The telegram was sent next day, and Mrs. Fleming waited for a reply rather anxiously. If Captain Pen darvon should trace his wife to the Moorlands he might make it very un pleasant for them ; moreover, Agatha herself was an irritating guest. She lived divided between the fear of her husband, which induced her to hide herself, and an anxious desire to be relieved from the solitude to which blie was partially condemned ; for it was imperative that none of the household but Gwenny should know that Mrs. Pendarvon was at the Moorlands. Iseulte remained as many hours as sho safely could do every day with her ; occasionally Mrs. Fleming took her place; and they supplied Agatha with novels for her delectation when both were compelled to be absent, as at meals and of an evening ; but still Mrs. Pendarvon complained bitterly of the dullness of her seclusion. The more Mrs. Fleming saw of her. unwelcome guest the less, she liked her. Yain, weak, selfish almost beyond imagining, Agatha had liter ally nothing but her face to recom mend her. Her peevish complaints — her selfish lamentations — almost deprived her of the pity her position might well engender. Both Mrs. Fleming and Iseulte were glad when Mr. Roberts was announced. He was of course very anxious to know the meaning of Mrs. Fleming's mysteri ously worded telegram ; and when she told him that his daughter was in con cealment at the Moorlands he was equally annoyed and shocked. He requested to he at once conducted to her. Iseulte led him to the tower, and opening the boudoir door, announced him, and closed it after him just as f she saw Agatha rush toward him. j The interview between father and | daughter lasted for two hours at | least ; then Mr. Roberts, looking very | pale and worried, joined the ladies. " It is as I supposed, a mere lovers' quarrel," he said ; " both are fright fully jealous — both enraged on mere suspicions. Agatha speaks as if her husband committed a crime, where as I believe it is all a jealous illu sion, nnd that he is faithful and devoted to her. I must see what I can do to set matters right ; and if I really find he has wronged her I shall insist on a separation. I fear Owen is a very violent man, and Agatha has been certainly terribly spoiled. It is a very tiresome affair to happen be tween people bo recontly married." "Yon will lake Mis. Poudarvon back to London, then, with you ?" asked Mrs. Fleming, secretly rejoiced. " Yes, and now 1 must thank you a thousand times, Mrs. Fleming, and my dear ward also, for your kindness to Agatha, and apologise for the trouble sho has given you. It has really been too absurd oE her to make so much fuBS about ber first matri monial quarrel." But ia all ho said, both Mr.?, Flem ing and Iseulte thought they detected a talee ring,; his words certainly did not accord with the trouble in his eyes, which he could not conceal. " You will not, therefore, think it necessary for Mrs. Pendarvon to re main concealed any longer. Will you and she Btay and dine with us?" asked Mrs. Fleming. " Thanks, no ; there is a 4 o'clock train to Exeter. We shall start .by that, and remain the night there, proceeding to-morrow morning to town.' Iseulte went to see Agatha before ber departure. She found her weep ing passionately. " My father is cruel !" she sobbed, "terribly cruel! He obliges me to see Owen again, to make up my quarrel ; but I never — never will. I will put myself under my mother's protection, or— do something dread ful !" with a flash of her eyes. Iseulte strove to soothe her, but Agatha was not to be comforted. "Yon don't know whatit is to have such a husband !" she exclaimed ; then, with a sudden burst of some thing very like remorse, " Ah ! I am punished for winning him from you, Iseulte." " You did not win him from, me — I should never have married him ; espe cially when I knew his temper, Aggy," said Iseulte. "Oh! if I had Only heeded your warning at St. Maur Castle," con tinued Agatha ; " but it is no use to regret the past." And again she yielded to a passion of tears. But Iseulte had now to urge her to be calm, and prepare for her departure; and yielding to the inevitable, Agatha let Gwenny assist her with fur mantle and bonnet, be stowing on her aside a generous re compense for Mrs. Rosvear's fidelity. Then Iseulte conducted her to the dining-room, where Mr. Roberts waited for lier. He had kept the fly in which he came from the station, and in it, alter a grateful farewell to tbe two ladies, he and his unhappy daughter took their departure. " A gentle riddance, Iseulte," said Mrs. Fleming, with a smile, as they heard the fly drive off. " I have been dreadfully anxious lest Captain Pen darvon, should come after that poor girl. I suppose her father is right, and that she has exaggerated natters from jealousy and anger." "And yet — I did not feel as if he were speaking the truth to us," said the girl. Nor had he, even in saying that they should stop that night at Exeter. It had occurred to Mr. Roberta that Agatha had gravely compromised herself by this rash flight, and that tho best mode of setting matters right to the external world would be by proceeding, not to London, but to Riversmead, and placing the young wife (with a plausible story of a jealouo quarrel) under the care of Pendarvon's mother, where she could remain till the banker had seen what could be done with her husband. Agatba, when she discovered hiB intention, opposed it with all the energy of fear and anger; but for once Bhe found that her father would be obeyed, and had — in spite of a storm of tears — to yield compliance with his will. To Riversmead they went; and there his plausible story — acknow ledging that Agatha bad fled in a fit of jealousy to his ward — waBtold; and Mrs. Pendarvon, though sadly pained, received her in her motherly arms, and was very tender and pitiful. In- r'efd, the goqd lady whispered to Al.ce " tba't she was not sorry to find that Agatba loved her husband enough to be jealous of him." The next day the banker — a sorely troubled and puzzled man — returned io London to his office, and sent a t-legram to Pendarvon to come to him. Lancelot returned home that even ing ; hut Mrs. Fleming did not think it well to let him know of the strange guest they had had. ' "We can tell him if it becomes needful," Bhe said to Iseulte: "but unless it doeB, the fewer confidants Mrs. Pendarvon has the better." Lancelot brought better news of Lotd St. Maur. " The mystery in which his son's fate is now wrapped has roused him," .he said, " and he is now almost per sonally active. He has had detectives down there, and declares he will raise the reward offered to £3000, or even £10,000, if necessary. The poor old gentleman says he cannot die in peace unless he has discovered his son's murderer ; and already, however, the detectives have made one discovery." " What is it ?" asked Iseulte, eagerly, " They have found the fellow-pistol to the one used by tbe assassin. "Where?" both ladies exclaimed together, "In the armory. Although the room had been searohed before, it bad escaped notice, having fallen into a large helmet lying on the floor some distance from the place where it generally hung." " Then the pistols had been re placed there?" eaid Mrs. Fleming. " It cannot serve as a clue to the murderer then, can it ?" "No ; we might have been sure the assassin would not have retained pos session of such an evidence against him. He took one pistol only, and either dropped the othor or threw it where it was found. Wo all think, Iseulte, that the figure you saw in the armory was the assassin in search of h>s weapon, clothed for disguise in a sheet (you Bee the family superstition cave him great immunity), and that, srartled by your appearance, he dropped oueoftbe pistols. y If I had had the caurago to sciz- him," she exclaimed, " 1 might have prevented the crime !" " More probablv he would have killed you !" Baid Mrs. Fleming, with a shudder. Iseulte, looking up, mi thir guar dian's eyes fixed on her with the same tender, yearning look she had once seen in them in Mrr. Fleming's sick chamber — as if he felt at that moment how precious she ws to them. Her eyes fell, and she blushed hotly with pleasure. He did like her ; he no loDger despisad her; she was dear as a sister or a daughter to him ; a ad a feeling of intense happiness — of rest and support — wsb in her heart as she acknowledged that at last two people — this excellent mother and son — loved her for herself ! And yet Lancelot's secret was per fectly safe; - she had no suspicion of it. fTO BD flONTINUED.) 