Ilie Star Company in Trouble. The minstrel troupe now playing at the Gaiety Theatre have lately had an experience not, unfortunately, rare amongst that branch of the profession. Tt appear** that some weeks ago a man known as Harry Kelly engaged the members of the cotupmy down in Sydney, on written engagements, for a three-mouth season in Brisbane and other Queensland towns. The salaries offered were not exceptionally large, 1 Kellf stating that as ho was not posscreed of a large b&nk; account, he did not liko to promise salaries which were beyond what the show might be expected to guarantee. This satisfied the engagers as to tb s booafides of Kellf, and they accepted the engagement f.r the three months' tour on small weekly salaries, travelling and board expense-. The company arrived iu Bris bane, and in du-3 course opened, played to a good house the first night and lair houses subsequently. AU apparently went well until. Monday, when in professional parlance, the ghost walked. The company turned up in force to meet the gho t and draw their haaries, bus. no ghost appeared. They rcmaioed at their post from 11 a m. t> 6 p.m., but still no ghost appeared, and consequently :ioH«l-.nes were paid. Suspicions were then •tr used, aid anxious inquiries resulted in tho dbcowry that Mr. K lly hud left Midienly* pre.sumabiy f'»r Sydney,; without j making avy ariangeraente, so tar as is known, I for the payment of the week's i.iJaries. bleed 1 less to state, the company were somewhat irate < ; at this violation of contract, more especially as tho various individuals wore saddled with their own board accounts in addition to tho loss of tho salaries. A council of war was held and thesituation considered. After Eomodelibera tion it was decided that, at all events, the debts for board should bo settled, and with this end in view, two members of the company, Messrs. J. K. Wt&ley; and G. Gardner, were appointed I managers on behalf of tbo company, to I ran the show on co-operativo principles for a I short season. Tho lessees of the theatre, on I being appealed to, generously catno forward to meet tne members in their plncky effort to clear themselves of debt, and made an arrange ment by wbioh tho entertainment will bo con tinued. The company hope that by these means they will be able to pay off the legacy of debt left them by their vanished proprietor, and leave the town at the end of the season, at all events, with a clean sheet. Personal remuneration they do not care so mnch for, if they can only succeed in paying all bills. 