A U21LRe5IDON TUEiDAY fEPTt,ýIBER1, )ii- 0 s89 OsN of tlhe ablest literary contribu tions we have rend for some time past appears in' lust Saturday's issue of the "Argus." It is hieaded "a search for knowledge," the fifth that hlas appeared under that designation, its autlior being Professor Peii-son. It is mainly a metaphysical theme, too heavy to be 'digested by the punyL-by those who' recreate their minds with brushwood- with all the airy literature and frothy gossip of the hour. ,,.But, nevertleless, it is so full of grit, so deep and perfect as ia piece of philosophical reatesoing, and so learned and fascinating fromt every. individual standpoint it: which it is tackled for examiinition that, how ever hard a ut it its for very many of its readers to crack, we deem it worthy of tie woightiest personal re flection tn'd likewise attention in our columns. It is, of course, the work of a scholar, the product of a subtle thinker; it isn apicture of the operative functions of the lhumanl soul, photo graphed in words by the hand of the writer's own individual reasoning-the progeny of a careful and superfine ob servation of tle workings of tlhe humian mind. In other words, it is-us Profes sor Pearson himself puts it--" a meta plhysicdl 'exanmiunciioni." Every mani and woman ought to read it, because it lets suclih i flod of light inito what liasnalways beei to many a most per: plexing thenietlhat those who taki:tlit trouble to peruso it cannhot fiil to -bo thereby refreshed. But to cpome moi' closely to the point, thie whole of Pro. fessor Pe?rson's ideas go to show that there are only two foundations-the physical and the metaphysical- upon which all tlhings..dopend. :Con.cerniing the former, however, lie says nothing that is not already known- by ordinar ily educaated people, lit all' vents. But, as soon as lie tates lis departure ;fromr that, and goes on to ithe floor of the e o taphysical, lhe begins an system of reasonitng which has a most irresistible fascinatioaitboutit. Evidently believing in the establislhent of a solid footing, ie lays dowei the basis that every man carries about Ilim a little universe inaumly, tlhe universe of himself, Iis thoughts and actions-anud thereupon builds a structure of logical and 'argu ineintativo ideas , to Which the elem nts must bow -- a structure which neither tlie winds of disputation nor the lightning of antipathy can lde stroy. Anid every word that he has penned upon the theme with which hIe so ably deals, and to which we have got insutlicient space or time to allude at greater length just now; ought to exercisoe a most powerful influence in the minds of those who read his learned contributions. That ho :i a sclhlar anl the student of a high philosophical school of tlhoight trl;eo ii s `=not' the of ithe ulindceitinclitig ofthe major:por tion of his i;ealders, .that. much of his' labor wil he pased iinjoticel . by tlgni, foa t!he wi?rld, ts a rule, is adinittedly. so dead to things boyonldthe light anil gay that a imodern, philosopher among, modern men-iexcept when lhe keeps ini the back-ground, andcomes suddenly out now, and then with ia rush upon the ,world -is generally undelor-ated. hi takiig a biaekwviird -gla~ne i?poii the grand andl sublime philosophy. emi. halmed both in the prose and sonig of the' poet and sage of ancient Greek iand Rome and compare it with the thought and literature of the clday, it .cannot but beconfessed that the best links of learning hare either been cast asilde or lost. aind when a nian like .Professor Pearson iattempts to - weld them together again-for that is what he is practically doing-and tries to place them like a ringlet'ori thi mindl of the thoughtful and studious of the public, lie certainly deserves that coisideration which, we Iterebyh give film "ii our columns-hearifelt praise and eocogni tion for his labors. AFraEtS losg 'and paItiient waiting by the mining conInunity of Victoria tl the allocati n of tho Prospecting Voto, P has at last beeii oflicinlly announced, Cl a s~ m of nearly £70,000 out of the £80,000 pllbhd uponl tiOhe etiilates for nc prospcting purposes, having beoei'ai l: 1 lowed! by the Minister of Mines for disti'ibutioit aituong the seoven mining distriots , into- which the colony is , divided. In connection with this liberal'-isdgigantic allbowakc' of public .money- -we -had hoped tlat some, at least,, of ths applie tiqns etmanQting frlom thlodi stticitof 13ciedlla for a'shaire 'of the' vote in rjdietioci would'' rtcive fitv6iable'donsideratsoii: ~' Bu3t t'tiio find that such hope is blighted by dis- a appidiiitinihit, for, uponlookisng thr~lou a list of grants set. alpart for., the dif4 forent -rIining contres,'which appeared in Friday's daily liapers,. we notice' that not a single poniy f.alls for distri- I bution to the lot of this important plice.. Thle is a circumstance -vlicli Smanny besides outseves will, no doubt-, deeply regret, becaiuse, weren fewhun Sdred pounds allowed by the Minister to further prospect clims like the ,Lion of benefilinal~r;itlts?' tight be doiied ,froni,the ex ?militure.. In atllocatipg rI .rfs to tlidtsubje6 thts :'i""'In dal-:,: ", ing witi the reconmmendationsof local "prospecting boards the allocation has " been made upon- the old method of "granting cortatin sums, varying from ".£100 to £2000, to individual com "panics. upon tile' pound for.:pound "principle." Suclh?a piituciple is cer tainly one which very manly persons have hitherto known nothing wlatever ' liout,-' and, that "it' is one, uoreover, which has not, been universally applied 'is'iomply boiti :'out Iby tile fact that, outof last . year's P'rospecting Vote, at certain sum of imnotiey-something like £300, 'w believe- was granted, wilth out any'suchl coliditio?i tas thltt stated, to Murphy and parlty to prospect tthe Lion claim. But it is little use now, we suppose; to say mucl more about tihe matter-t--h vote has been divided; ]en3tlla, - its alrady shown, has been left out in tihe cold ; so nothing csan be Sgainted by grumllinsg.- Withal, we aire thopeful that t' e fesw mining men, amongst us will still continue to pro secute their search for gold in some of r tlle abaldoned claims of the locality, f several of which, in view of the results obtained from them in years gone by, will, no- doubt, again give good returns -if they be only worked. Iudeed we are assured that it is the ' intention of some of the shareholders e in- the Lion chlims to resunme work therein within the next few weeks. And all we hlere to say concerning their intentions is that, should they actually begin operations in the claim,s we trust sincerely they will be amply rewarlded fort their labors. Another: heavy hbieiak: e lhas ' taken placee in the weather--- a break which will, in alllprobatlility; teoiiiiiniate in more disastrou:s floods.a: Diuriig' the last week-that is, ending yesterday (MIoilday) piorning 1-58 points of rain fell,' ind when to that is. added the incessant fall of yesterday and throug out last night, with the prospect of further inclemency, it thus must be confessed that the extraordinary ali mainic cliiangesswhich haire taken place this season hlave been more than or dititrily phenomenal. An Ameiicani cablegrani stiates that a aiithie has performed the mad feat of deseending Niagara enveloped in au india lubber water suit invented by Captain 0Boynon. He waes picked up iit isn unconscious state, bhut on the ap plication-of restoratives- animation-re vi-ed. Parliament assembles to-day.: In the Legislative Council it is proposed to; devote the week to the consider ation.'of the Public Service Bill and Education Bill! Ins the Assembly the Government will mnake a great effort to push .through the' revised tariff to day, aid if the Rabbit Bill is disposed of to-morrow,. Thursday will lee giveis up to ~lm estimates.: " At the conclusion of the proceedings ini cobniection with yestirday's inmeting of the Benaliht Waterworks Trust Com. Adam "spoke upon the inability of that body to any longer carry on its afltiis satisfaetorily ii- the fiace of the noew .,: ponsibility it must shortly as .seihl by the establishnlent of a sinking fdnd , dn rioed that i .special meet isng of thLi Trust be held oni T'ursday n.xt for the purpose of considering the best scheme to hb devised under which to carry on" business in future. The reqgitiion. )vas seconrded by: Con. Wal ?n's -risd ca ried, 'Coni.i Coster there upojf g tiarking-?' ohmyou!ate fohehd ` c ttlnst;.s li've'-y;oli .tha?i li s nAes=: ary to-do what you ,propose."r' Coin. Ad in, replied -"Yes, I always know sotmeting like. that wias needed, but tli' Ti:irst vi as iiot in a position to do Sli Har'ryTonikins wishles to st;ite that healever iaougliht i watch fi'oui 1Mr Skultoil; iild that the' mina k name sake:of his-=who is ii proceeded against at.taho.locl police court-is no .r6eltion of his. .' , yatts aind Co. report:-W?-e held qur- usual, monithly sale . on, Tuesday last;' w?isn, owing to tihe flooded staita of.the roads, only; a veryj silaiill ?iepply itsl'a yardad,,tleiz., 300 cattle huil 102 slhep.e Thiere .ws ma good attend ance of buyers and sides we,'e .briska it late rates. Cattle consisted of about GO fails, the balance being principilly young stores.. Fat bullocks brought from L. ,s to £9 2a; cows, from £4 10s to..£8; £2 and 3-year old store hullocks froim £3 5s to £4 5t. , Young cattle at hate rates. Sheep-Jlht wethlers' sold at: 9s Gd. Assw"n lt.irnus- Did you ever knlow aiLy periasl to he ill, withiout inactioun of thel stomullhll, liver or khlneuys, or did you over kniow oine whoi was well whole either was lh. strlctcdh or inlactiveo and did you sie, fnow or liear of ay caase of the lnl that Dr Souls's Ailierichii Illsp litters would uint cr'u? Ask your ilulghhbo this e hilnoeustlol. -o A sum of i£9700 has been alloted to the Beechworthi liinig Board, is its portiolt of tlo Prospecting vote for tlio curreoit yeair. Fraiiois do lII Veillers, who ;was -ar rested. t Kilmore last week with house breaking implements and a revolver in his possession, was eoliteiiced to two yearsa'imprisonnientiat .the police court it that place on Thursday. Detectivo O'Donnell:'identilied tlhi prisoner as tlhe lillo' psoln .wlho inurdleorusly uas sulsted Coihstablo Vii'rd of Cairlton..' A Aolsohoking"' raitwidy.ncidont tookl plabib: Iattlie\ Drouili" stitaioni bn tli Gippslinld line, on Thursday, aist bhbit 8:0.' Tlhe inaili lineo iwas Bccupied'by' ia goods tnrin whichi Ihd lirrived froii" Melbourne, anid' itwiisi 'hbout being shunted .oi: toi siding wlioentho whistio' of tih 'iafternooit piissenger traiu from Sle,' tinied to 'iri-ivelat'Do uiu 'iat!8.5. p.m. was Ileard' in tho distanceo. Be 0to' tlo goodstritcould ' 'o'ott of tlilhe y tio pllopsseniger train dinslid into it with t territic force, Ai .full head' of steani being on,' is' tlheod .is iihlill to be climbed bufore approaclhing Drouin station.. i:The ,two enigines'ierd'inter locked, dlaminged and thervn oil the line, tho mail"l hid'uard'':viis''wer deiiiolilied nd, , iiuIiber f ,tr'ck'i s At NS4o1il 9l shattered?' pr vc. w,,t, d, - .*.;'i"' , ' • y,., ?.' ..'' :-;" ,. _%'"'*-''.' ),j A boy, 10 years of ago, named Agg, tried to conmmit suicide in the river Yarra on Wednesday -last.. At the inquest of Dr Drinkwater, of Nathaliai \who died suddilnly last week, a verdict wiasricturiied thit; death was caused 'by ? tlinh,inlalation' of chloro form : ,. .o '.:: ',- '.u , r~ ;, The rjwiig imatcli for theliichampion ship of the: rldi,h?eieen Searleo, of Australid, ?aiitdO'Obinor of America, took place yesterday, but a report of the aflhir was not to hand when we wont to press lhst:evoning.;y A leasehold land of 5 acres held by Mary, A. Evans, of Moorngag,, under section 32 of " the Land Act 1884" hit's been surrendered; -: ? . The following appliiationsf?:oi'leases have heen gazetted approved: -Andrew 3Bower, 433a, Toombullop; Williamn J. 3. Martin, 358a, Duerini Enst';" Riclhard.'. J. Caimero»l;: 433; Toombullop ; Frederick A.,Bird, 660a, Myrihee ; Edward I Cain, .'ijun:, 27a, Taiinick ; Jamnes :Ienny, 12a, Glenrowan ; Rueeno .Tyrrell, 400a, Mlyrr!he; .David Gamble 450a, Tietong. ,A fracas occurred oni Wednesday evening, (says the " Loira indepen dent") between three mien of the laIbot iig chfss, inimed Lennon and the brothers Carrick. It appears that Lennon occupied a house owned by one of the Carricks, who. gave; Lennon notice to.quit. Thereupon a row ecisued, ill which leninon wits severely dealt with by the Carricks. Constable hlaiglih arrived "on thie seene, howeveor,. not before Lonnon had received o.such injuries at necessitated Dr . Bartley being sent for.: The, doctor .found Lennon had his noso smaished: badly, bcsides several nasty wouiids; :A Lolndoin: oirbiponddent a, ite.s : A :r?rpoirt is: current: that M?r Mac donald, tl;o nuinga/er of tli uj"Titiies," who'was brought, into such prominent notice during the chrlidi stage of the Parnell Commission inquiry, is about to leave for Australia, in. order to take the management of a iMelbourne news Oploer. A. Tutuamnalf ' paper: states : On Tuesday, TMr Jas O'Keefs.rrode a buckjumper belonging. to Mlr E. Bourlke, Boosey, for as wager of £5. hlue nmare was a. regular, outlaw,, and as sood as 'the rider got oil :lieo'biick, slie icinienIced to biick-fai1fullly. The wagger was laid that O'Keefe could iiot'sit' her "for five, miniutes, but ho managed to keep his seat .for half an ]Iout; when he was so exhausted that the annimal liad ,to be drivoie, into, iat corner in.order for hinm to dismount. He Ihad to be tarried 'hole, and it was some time before hI could recover the use of his arms or legs, 0so determined were the efforts of the mare to throw lRobert ,'Lellali,' of Violet Town, faiiiher, appoints John Grogan and Ailtroaw Crilly trustees of his will and directs tlisun to dispose of.his estsfIe inl the following nmatiner, viz: To con vey to his son Robert, "-all his farms! situalt on the west side of 'the main Dalmllnttanl-road, andialso two farlns sitiuate on 'the east side of the .afore said road. To his daughter, Mary? five faitis situate on the cast side of Balmattaim-road aforesaid. IHe- also bhequeaths 5 cows. each to his sons, Jamnits and Williasm. The residue of his cittle and horses hle devises to. is: son Robert. ' RalGe. of real and :ps . soinal estate, £J15J9.., I`Rellen Agtieu'tiura'l aid Pisto il? t?scioty'sisliow were sold oi Satuirday last, by Messrs ~ atts ani : Co. ait the Renalla hotel. ' The .publicr.n'a booth was knocked doww to Ir 'T. Skelton for £71' Mr' O. Smiitlr pdying £15, for the temipesnce beooth. iA football match took place .on the loeal receatioaii. reserve? aoi Sl Sadtday afternoon, between the l enalla ndl. EtLro e?bailt ii,' resilteldin is c ,iit foi. the home tei; : :The statistical retsur'si for, thoe montitl of July.for Melbourno and suburbs gires the total estiimated populttlioifi't 437;78551 'The :births, for the :pesiod ivreo- ales, 779 ;femiales 8023; :otal, 1581\. Thu deaths were 851, leaving an excess, of births over 'deaths of 730.. . . All arranlgemlents ure now complete for the annuil show of the Albury Pastoral and Agricultural Society; oti the 11th and 12th inst., and there is every prospect of the exhibitioni being. a pronounced success. The entries aire fully up to oxpeehstions, a number of, exports have promised their services it judges inl the seves a classes, the usual fiaciliies for railwacy travelling' have been proyided,:aud .the onsly conditioai of success now neededol is line weatlher The Minister'of Miines has allocated I the proslpecting vote for the current fitYncial.year to live eqt ? .obisovevl inning districts i to which the colony is divided. In the case of Ballarat nuld Ararat somidel 'hitss beijkit iisid, owinlg to the local boaidslinot' fdrd?vifi ing toheir' ildoiniidnll;tidil vitdli' oxpe- t thliolitbid h t~illbl't en ' fbithese two cdnties'~vill ,be aiinoinced i, is ?as or' P two. With 'thoe exception of some half doien giiiiit i'o o? tIi' h ties in the 'eclliioehti district, thi tl dlistribution lihs beenl nuide uUon the to conditionthat the company to whicha a grant is given cxpend of its own funds a £1 for £1 oltained froifi"thn Uovern-t iiet. Tlme total amnount a~portionqd aongsiii ilistiidth s d 'is 4 9;000bf v which sullm £10,100 is allotted to the o Maryboioujlf''Wdistrictf "'10;500 '"for Sandlhurst - ad ..Ialelhawk , £970 0, Bleeolhwoth l£0500, Gippllltnd; alid. £0300, Otstleniain, -£20,000 being 'eosri od. for tIhoi Idallamra, capd, raryai districts. - 1he bi?lanc, oftie ?oteo is l for boring and 'geier ld purposes! g Th Tlae It h Istflood Iriy clea'lv indi-1 . !cated that thle Inunjerous logs borne oll. the rapid current of' thu ]broken River awhemn it is olleun by, lelivy rains such ias we have witnessed this season is a serioussiieefiaiaoto·tlieatifety i of the. ;'lirid,,eiWal~tspohli'seri wlip ;wyoree on,,oi'.ý rf ; tlio65th:. i , while they 'roi?o ece tithliimw the flatiiti '.debris, i t lht lhe ]a bog stlhock tlhe piles, the bridge seeoled to slhiklr very y perceptibly, so much so tllhat those who i were citutious, and felt a senseof'dread Swent oll it. It ippeairs slnguhlr, to say thile least ofit,.thalt so.many.largo logs of dead timber should be allowed to ho about the riveci reseire,' al'ig its banks F and in the bed of the river itself, when so mlnicl firewoodi,is requiied for 'tloe f 'Water W'orks pumping, engiie, cldose lat hliid, iand' compi.ratiscly speakiig I but'it shoirt distnlce to be~ caitedl It would also ie lhighlly isdsvisble C..to, leri .thile snags from thile bed of the river, to 5 givoeits scourlfre playbotitabosolaimnd, below tiel' nbridge. " Therel ,re" somei logs below .the liridgeo 'so firmly' enid bedded in the main channel thalt they a'b, by , collectiing debris," very iuchll assisting iii'blicking the "llooded iwiitlrs on to thlled eaioltioi RIeseiol, weanlng away the banks: and undermining the ground alongsideofit. Thisreserve,laid out as 'gaidlens for the pleasiie bof ''the public, has cost the ratepayers a con sidieraible amount of monley, is at yearcly tax upon'the fundslsof the shire, and s seing that the young trees;. shruls and flowering plants are now nmaking good progress, and' will soon, lhe;an ol'llllentl 0 to the towvli, it' is': a duty incumbent upoi the Shire Council to take. some nmeans to piroservo them f'onl dainlga or doestruction by sudden and heavy. Y floods. ;13r Jol I Turiner told thu' ,Railwaty Commissioners on Thursdiay that the " Commerinal· road '-.is: oia:i.6f zAtid natural highvlays with which; a''.beno ficent and. far-seeing Providence had gifted' thi: peopi 'of 'PrhAlituri"'t This was very neatc, biut wasLs playing it down rather low on the ? surveyor who laid out Coiimercianl road, not to speak of Providence; who is by intilicatrioni nado responsible for the crooked stieets an11tl unsavory druitts ofa. Pruhran. . Ftaney the effect, onmarks the " Herenld,".':v' burst of eloquence lihke that would haye liedl it .the Upper ITouse hid in iot o 1 r) Turner been unseated for the North-. easterii Piovinoc. : ^ : ':" In our issue of Friday lust wo'istted' that Elnii. Plains hiad clihtiged l'hnds; which.,we 'now ftid, to be ,incorredt. .Mr Shiels, the owner, infbors us' tihat he, purchased .tlhis proplierty through I Watt anid CO., l;'sne four teieit notnthos since, inad tathoihis sttil theproprietor. The i·vens 'and Murray 'Ag:iiil tural ard 'P~itoral Socitety's 'shblw ta!ies place at Wangaratta on tlle 10th inld 20th inst.; and .pronmises to bethe Itost'successful yet, heldl., Ocver 550 will be oirhied 'for competitioti.- Tha grcunds hav'e 'been iinproved, aiid ai:d now second to' nisnt in? tite colony. T'ho entries are counig .i'a ipidlyj;,' nl inttending. oxhibitors woIulddo well:to bear in mind that the time for re ceiving this has been extendedo,three daysi-yi.,' froml'Wcdniesduy till Siitur dlay. ' . :. . : Sir"Jaic'~ 'eLorimier, inister of De fence, died ant:is residence, B3elcourý, Tooralk, oi'Friday, aged 58. 'A' Ruthergleun : paper. stattes:- Rutiherglen has always been'noted for haviing its ghost. Several yeairs ago oteo of 'thed'itli'vidunls' usedo to,'nitko 'occasioaul risits'about; th biid?lgiicross the inis'iii.: leadinig to tlido'hurches, genernlly appearing ' hen children and 'ladies were passing, thuis avoidig:dlo tection or ciptuire. During the past tlhreo· iontlls his ghiostship has ?again iiiiullhi~ii? eppieiunee, and tifew Satuir day'eistlt back gaves'a fright to v youig'iiriiii\; le?I .goiiig towanrdstl n riill u;ty btidg e. This success eviddenly mnada his'gltostliip very bold;;, aise suddeiily appeated th other evenin, at one of the wintdowss of the hoiso of the lato Sainitl BenjaUin. 'Luckily, thi'A'c eupantof the room; wash stnlivartyoung man,i't-, ho, no, to be intimidated by the aLpplartrnce of the whiti vision out-, sidel thiwhindow; quiotly trmnedtl:liisolf withli apiling'-and -suddenly opening' the window; sprtng through, seizing his ghostshili with one hand, and made free use of'the paliig with the othertitoross his ghostship's back, .which quickly brought forth theolicaltilatis '" D-n it, I tins not a?ghost; knockk off; it :is only alark.", Theseo'sweot tippels foupd noIsympathy until'lis'ghl;ostsl;ip dgimn? to sminart severely nidiu r tli 'tl obls he receisved,;l, iaid upos.? tlie' 'tilul:eclboths being removed froit his heiid,l ci's ekled the formt of it well-kniow's iI?pposied getitleman, following the resieetable vocation of at ledrk. 'It is to be Iopesd nowi tlihat this party lies bliedin rdveiled' tle:o night prankis will be b'oti,' to` I close, ail s we comiitneii't lib 'young iaiini Who' inhuniskdd hiln, biut think' ho' lacked a duty .to, the gendital "ihblio, i;l not takiilg lia ?ghiosthip to the horse daiit 'fi tIlo'ii?l' iudi'f the town anld giving him a bath. t 