Easter Monday Amusements. Yesterday was a del'ghtrul day for oaticor exercise, and hundreds of people took the oppor- tunity o2 going abroad in search of herlthfu". recreation. Genial weather prevailed, and resi- dents of Maitland were early astir, determined to .make the best of the holiday, and perhaps there is no sesson of the year moro significant of rojo'.clng than Eastertide. There was no public cmuserue it of residents, except a cricket match on tho Albion Ground which attracted a limited number of spectators. People flocked in crowds to the railway stations bent upon spending a few hours on tho so shore. Very many sporting folk went to the Wallsend races, and the steamer excursion from Morpeth to Seaham, promoted to aid St. John's Schools, West Maitland, «ii liberally patronised. The trip wa3 heartily enjoyed. Others spent the day with their relatives and friends in t^'ue picric fashion out of town. ' Not a few availed themselvei of the special facilities afforded by the Railway department for a visit to Cookie Creek or Gosford. At night the Adelphi Skating Rink was well fil'ed» and the Rosa Towers Company performed at the Victoria Theatre. Below will b3 found an account of the races at Wallsend : WALLSEND RACES. Despite tho predictions of tho weathers îso who gauged their judgment by tho gloomy sky and light showers on Easter Sunday, the. weather yesterday at Wallsend was of the most enjoyable charr.^ter» a combination of sunshine, cloudy coverings, a-id cool breezes, whilst Jupiter Pluvius was entirely absent from the gay and festive scene. The orrly trains from the north carried a largo number of visitors, but they were rot all bound- for the mining township, as many were destined for Newcastle, where the ead sea waves carry on their ceaseless roll, whi'st others devoted their attention to the picnic at RnnlioTTi Sf ill a. raitnW r\f Hi« ricrhh sort set their ¡áoaüam. an'l a nutnoer oí nie nguc sore sue men faces for Wallsend, and they found the town in full holiday attire. There ia little to interest tho general visitor at Wallsend on holidays, so an rarly move was made for the course, which was found in excellent - condition, and much improved by drainage, etc., so that it was in rare going order. There was the usral assemblage of booths, stalls, &c;, for the delectation of the public, whilst swings and other attractions occupied the attention of the f.iir sex, who put in their time listening to the strains of the Wallsend Band, who played several nice selections during the day. The attendance was perhaps the best ever Been at an Easter gathering at Wallsend, there being nearly 3000 persons present, including a fair proportion of ladies. Tho grandstand and saddling yard were well patronised, and betting was fairly briBk, there being a largo number of firBt-clnss local and secoud-, cla3s metropolitan pencillers present. Taken all round the racing was of a high-class order, and there have been few better finishes seen on the popular convincing grouud than that seen in the big handicap, whioh was won by Zama, a fuî'. sister to the unfortunate Zeno, which wa3 backed solely by a few connections of the stable. When Noreen, a half sister to the Teutonic named Gesundheit, upset what looked a real good thing in Cascade, [and, the Northern representative It's Curious alBo did the fielders a good turn. How- ever when accounts came to bo settled fielders and punters must have been about ou equal terras. As usual the popular Mr. "Ned" Cowchorwas at his old post as Secretary, and following the old axiom that " good wiao nepdB no bush," we may be pardoned from com- plimenting him. Mr. Thos. Abel gave every satisfaction in the judge's box. Mr. C. Goldie wielded the starter's flag, and did very well, but ho followed the custom of most provincial staTte"3, and wa3 too lenient with the boys. All the other officials were well up to their duties. The Flying Handicap, of ¿50 j second horso, ¿E5 from the prize. - 7 furlongs. Mr. >T. Moore's br g Magnus, Syre., 7«t albs.(Boyle) 1 E. Mnyo's br m Eleanor, 4y.-e., 7st 81bs.(Kelly) 2 A, G. Smith's cb. g Odd Stoolilaaa, aged, 83t 121bs. (MoMnlion) 8 T. Rl'Cp-thy'a ob g Crosua, 4yr<¡., 8st lib K. Wooton's br m Fern, 4yra., Cat 121b E. Clilnnemlall'B b g David, fiyra , Ost lOlbs T. Cush'sbf Nillo, Oit Sib R. Trnner'« g m Alice Grey, 4yrs., Gat 31bs (41bs over) D. Rentrew'8 b m Thursnelda, 3yrs, Ost L. Kubn's blk m Little Sister, Cy.g., Ost. Betting : 6 to 4 v. Eleanor, 3 to 1 v. Magnus ane Oldd Stockings, 4 to 1 v. Croesus, 5 to 1 v. D"vid, 10 to 1 otheis. After a little trouble at the post the word wa3 given to a fair start. The Fern was first away, but she was almost immediately joined by Thusnelda, and the pair ran in company along the backacoupleoflengthsiu front of Magnus andDavid, aftor whom followed the favourite, whilst Croesus, was a long last. Thusnelda was done with at the back, and The Fern carno along to the turn by her- self, where- Magnus, David, Odd Stockings, and Eleaior put in their claim. Half way down the rails Magnus had The Fern beaton, and he appeared to bo winning easily until Eleanor came at him, aid after a great finish the son of Grandmaster beat the favourite by a neck, with Odd Stockings third, and the others close up. Time, 1 min. 34$ sees. The Exchange Plate of 50 sovs. Weight for ago. The winner to be sold for 80 sovs j 7Ibs al- lowed for each reduction of 20 sovs. down to nil. Seven furlongs. Mr. Wamsley's b f Noreen, £40,8yrij., 7at 71b ....(Vf-lmeley) 1 M. Murphy's b g Cáscele, £40, 4yrs , 7st Ulb(M'Ca.iiiy) 2 J. EoBvty'a br m Beznnt, £20, Syrs.. Ost 131b ."(Murray) 3 W. L Smith's blk h Electric, nil.. 7at lib. J. Cash's bli m It's Cuilotis, ntl, By.s., Ost 131b. Betting : 2 to 1 on Cascade, 3 to 1 v. Bezant, 6 to 10 to 1 others. They got away to a good start, and when they got into their strides Norina darted to the front, and although Cascade and Bezant had a cat at her at the bottom of the running the daughter of Loup Garou managed to beat the favourite home by three parts of a length, with Bezant close up. Time, 1 min. 82 sees. The Town Plate Handicap of 80 sovs. ; second horse 10 sovb. from the prize. One mile one furlong. Mr. A. Hnllzard'a b Í Zama, 3 yra., Cat. 81b..'(Elwell) 1 W. Murray'ao h Carlyle, aged. Oat. 21b.(Murray) 2 Jobn Moore's b g Mapnus, 3 yra, 7at.(Boyle) " A. G. Smith's 0 g Odd Stockings, aged, 8at 91b. T. M'Carthy'a c 11 Craaua, 4 yra , 7st. 01b. W. Hamett'e g li Sir Franela, s yra, 7et. 91b. F. M'Carthy'a b g Gesundheit, 4 yra., 7at, 31b. R. Wootton'a br m Forn, 4 yra., flat. 01b.'/ J. Chamber's oh h Simoom, s yra, fiat 01b Mr. W. Fletcher's 0 h Sir Walter, 0 yra, Oat lib R. Tanner's g m Alloc Grey, 4 yra, Gat J. MoMahon*s og Damast, G yra, Oat. Betting : 2 to 1 v. Sir Francis, 4 to 1 v. Magnus, 5 to 1 v. Odd Stockings, 6 to 1 v. Simoon, IO to 1 the others. After a dozen attempts the word was given to a fair start. Carlyle was quickest on his legs and led past the stand, with Gesundheit next, and The Fern third, whilst Odd Stockings was whipping in. At the turn The Fern rushed to the head of affairs, whilst Carlyle was galloping on her heels, and Magnus was at the head of a closely packed ruck. As they approached the corner The Fern was done with, and Carlyle was left in front, only to be immediately tackled by Magnus, Zama, who wa3 coming with a great run,-Simoom and Sir Francis, and a great ince home resulted. Simoom and Sir Francis gave np tho ghost half a fu long from home, and their place wa9 taken by Ahce Gray, but she could never get up, and Zama, who s a daughter of Goldsbrough, and full sister to Zeno, «on by a head fiom C-ul^le, who boat MagnuB a similar distaace. Alice Guy was tMid, and the othcia well up Time, 1 min 59} sees The Welter Handicap of 50 sovb ; second hoise 5 Bovs fiom tho pruc Minimum weight, 8-t One .Milo. RT . N John's b g Ha^rd, ried, Oat 81b . . iM'Gulu) 1 J Ro* ,y nog Mona oh, 6 y.3, 8st (l>J(llmton) I TV X, Smith 8 Wit g Elect io 0>.3, 8»t 41b .(ü'Alnion) 3 G IIuat'BbgTiokornbeen, 4 y s, 9ät8lb li Wootton'« b g Alonk, 4 y 3, Oat W Fletcher s o i b'r Waite-, fl y s , 8*t 41b J T.acey s b a l'to'eray, 6 yrs , 8st 4lb T Coo ..skr t.i anv Ile, ^sd, Cst T Ciuhfl bl Nillo Eat J tikotcliley s br g 13rct7j, rjctl, 8 1 Betting 2 to 1 v. Hazard, 3 to 1 v. Monarch, Ptolemy, and Tiekeraboen, 4 to 7 to 1 othois Aftoi three or four attempts the word was given to a very good stait Hazard wa3 first away, but waa immediately headed, and Tho Monk tcok np the îuunîng, followed by Monaich with Tnronville thud, and Ha^aid foui th. They ran in this fashion to tho home turn, where Monaich ian up alongside, and tho pair looked liko fighting it out, until Hazard carno w*tb. a wet sail nnd sinothoring thom for pace, won oomfoitaoly by two lengths fiom Mouaich, who beat Electnc by a length, and then carno The Monk and Tu Loiabccn. Time, 1 min 48 sees Tho Disposal Plate of ¿S50, weight foi ago '1 he winner to ho sold for .£50, 71b allowed for each reduction of ¿CIO down to ml. Tho winner of Exchange Plato to cany 71b penalty. Six futlongs Mr J CuBhsbhn U'sCurlouB,nil,Cyr3,C3tl31bil!oll)Tityne) 1 t> Hall sb m Lady l'rlx, £20, i yenrs 7st (rnllford) i J nomtysbrf UeBant, £10, 8 years, OBt 71b (Murray) .> J Dlnos'br h Falcon, £20, aged, 7st 71b T. M Carthy'a oh g 1 omaso, £¿0, a yrs , Bet 131b Betting G to 4 v Bezant, 3 to 1 v It's Civ ions, 4 to 1 v otho s When tho word was given Tomaso j imp»d off and led to the turn, where Falcon ch il lenged and downed him, but he had almost imme- diately to give place to Lady Prix and It's Curious, and the latter continuing hor run the longest, won all out by a length and a half from Lady Prix, who heat Bezant by a length, with the others well up. Time, -Imin. 19} sees. The winner was bought in for £50. The Wallsend Handicap of 50 sovs, ; second horse 5 sovs. from the prize. Six furlongs. Mr. N. John's br m Arlioo, fi yn., 7at. 71bs.(M'Mnhon) 1 T. M'Donr'd's br m Quicksilver, 4 yrs., 7st. 8lb3..inovle) 2 E. Mavo's br m Eleanor, 4 yrs., 7st. Olba.(Kelly) a Y. M'Carthy's b g Gcsi-ndliclt, 4 yrs., 7nt. nibs. EC Woo'/o j's b g Monk, 1 yrs., 7st. Olbs. (J. Hn it's b g Tickcrabecn, 4 yi-3., 7ct 31bs. I K. Wotton's br m Fern, 4 years, 7st 31b ' E. C'jlpi>:-.daU'fl b g David, S y.s., 7st. 21b8. ',. Cusa's br m Hüloyon, C y.s., 7st. E. CuippendaU'a o f Eddy, 2 y?s., ùBt. elbe. It. Tnnncr's g f Alice Grey, 4 yrs., Gat. Olbs. After a lot of trouble at the post Halcyon was first away, when the flag dropped, followed by Arline, and the pair ran on in command until tho corner, where they all closed up. Half way homo Halcyon on the inside appeared to be winning, but when the whips commenced to do their duty Arline carno with a wet sail and beat Quicksilver iu tho run home by a length ; the latter was a head in front of the favourite, whilst the rest were in a bunch. Time, 1 min. 19 sees. 