TUB EDITOB. Sib,-Can. yoa - inform ft wondering | public why* on New Tear's Day last, the travellers itom. Adelaide per train for Moonta' bad to wait three hoars at Wal laroo? \;It appears that tbat long beaded gentleman at the bead of the Bailway^<could Dot, or would not provida for a lutlb ^xtra traffic on that day, and bad only the ordinary baa provided. This Was filled with excursionist! to the regatta, retaining somewhat earlier owing to the rain. The passengers per train for Moonta . had not, therefore, a ghost of a chance.toget a seat, and, farther, had to wait jthrfce hours until the long piece of lied tape had'been duly nibbled to its end. I think, the passengers would have been perfectly justified in hiring traps, the accounts,ior such to be rendered to the .Railway Commissioners. Well, this was bangle-number one. Again, why were the perishable goods, fruit, &c.;, for Moonta1, ifcpt at Wallaroo all New Year's night and not-sent to their destination till, the next day ? . This necessitated a great lo»8 to fruiterers and. others. Special! trains are put on for special people, bat it seems that ordinary traffic cannot, evem at times, be provided for by oar wise acres. Bangle number three now appears*. Throngbthe Barrier holiday seekers being; detained'and from other oaases these was last Monday in the train for Adelaid e an unasQal nomber of passengers Mff.d, would yoa believe it, sir, a number, of these .were riding in sheep tracks.. A disgrace'I say to the railway Camr^isien ers and their servants. The fir'at. class passengers had ample room, avid, to spare, bat the poor unfortunate se con-d - class to be treated in this way. ou,ght to cause a deep blush of shame to overspread the face ofthose connected v/ith this disgrace ful mismanaged arrang ement. There are several other tninor p.iecei of bungling I could refer to, but as. 1 have already occu pied so Jtnucb spacf/, I will Teserve for another occasion. ^ I p.resutne in conclus ion, thie visit ot tile Railway Commission era will be pTO&ner; ^e of eood some dav. is tuia tjie Swk frfjits? I am &c.; Ayr , ^ DISGUSTED. Moont*,, Jan. g. 1889. 