Til LI&I1S1; P&SB;, Woodland Dreams. Out on our wild New England hills, Buried in deep recess, I ofttimes see by sparkling rills The Ghost of Loneliness. It singe in weird and woeful moan, Into my poet ears, Of vacant fife— in awful tone, Back through the perished years. I sometimes hear the water's flow Sound ead ag-ainst the hills, Which fancy turns to notes of woe Expressed for human ills : And weirdly does that ghostly form Stalk through the shrubs and trees, And shriek above the howling storm, Like souls in agonies. And I behold the buried past Spring into life again, While o'er the dark-skinned race is cast The family mark of Cain. No grand traditions mark the flow Of life in years gone by; But vacant deserts nnaglow With human energy. The remnant left— and what are they ? No hope within them springs — Poor objects built in ebony — Methinks them soulless thing?. And they shall pass— and what shall be Their mission unto men ? A dark and stirless history, Unwritten by the pen. No storied urn nor marble butt — No glittering monument, To 6how how much of human dust Has climbed up fame's ascent. Nor deeds of glory writ in gore— Nor mighty triumphs won By noble hearts in days of yore, 'Tis vacant— there was none. And there is none— where'er I gaee A sameness seems to rest, A lonely waste of unmarked daye, An unhistoric crest. The mount, the hill, the rock, the stream, Are silent of the past; Nor can I in my wildest dream A history round them cast. But wandering ofttimes in these glens I sometimes think and feel, Beside these waterfalls and fens, Of future worth and weal. And I behold a nation rise, Exultant, fearless, strong, Of democratic tendencies, This idol of my song. Emblazoned on its banners see, Bright flashing in the sun, That mighty watchword— Liberty ! In bloodless battles won. Beneath its folds a noble race Of men, unfettered, free, Whose deeds of worth shall proudly grace Their country's history. The warming blood which fills their veins A wondrous current runs, It springs from Anglo-Saxon strains And Erin's better eons. And cool as in her hour of pride, The blood of Scotia flows, And, mingling with Teutonis tide, A nation's lifeblood glows. A nation, yes, whose soul shall beat Alone for what is free, With aspirations to complete The doom of tyranny. Free as the winds which fan those hills . Her commerce, too, shall run, Till overcome the thousand ills That fill the fiscal zone. And blazing in the van of right Her flag ehall be unfurled, Till in one brotherhood unite The English- speaking world. And then, my country, who shall eay Thou art not great and grand ? The brightest gem 'neath Heaven's ray, My noble Southern Land. Glencoe.' John Wetherspoon. GARDEN PARTY TOILETTE. Printed cream' tussore silk. Kilted skirt gathered at the waist. Bodice with green moire revers and sasli. The deep cuffs are also moire. The pointed- draperies are printed with bouquets. Transparent rush hat, with green ribbon and honeysuckle. 