" VAXPIBE8." (To the Editor oí the Cairns Pott). I SIE,-A vampire, called by the Servians, Vukodlsk, and by the Wallacnisna, Jfurony, is, according to' the papular belief of the Slavonic, Romanic, and the Greek popula I tion of the Lower Danube and the Thesaalian ' Peninsula, a blood-sacking ghost. The name of vampire has also been appropriated to i blood-sucking bats. Without wishing to be in the slightest degree personal, ! would fmildly aik' if t an animaloff this 'gay faul festive description is hot hovering over Cairns? A ghoul-like writer who feasts 00 things unhealthy in: irresponsible , journals, if not a vampire, is first cousin to one. Vampires have been spreading their wings over the Cairns Hospita), 'and their unclean spirits hare been busily engaged in batching an egg in a mare's nest of their own con- st ruction. One ef the most popular and respected residents of the district bad the slime of this addled composition cast at him! In the spirit of fairplay the Pott toak the matter up, and thc committee of the hospital resented the insult ; but the malice of the writer was stilled only for a time-it now blossoms forth in a fresh place. I want to know if public opinion (unless applied by a hydraulic fnanp). 1« ¡of say avail with indi- viduals of this description. To my mind it - is self-evident that yon might just as well * expect to soften the bide of an elderly , rhinoceros. with., a samhnats aayliosHnsi et 'MNMMpss^Assasirsaw -.-slaw le»««-s-s ? eaTusa^"'"a<^tlw-'fessMS» ^t-searcetypamow, what to call this post of the charnel house/ thUtcárrfc W th« éUsûtiak{*oom) 'whose venomed shafts are directed at a sick and defenceless isdivtdiial. This «s .what be says:-'"If a hospital ,ia built by the Government to accoma-odate 36 panper patienta, and there are (according to the.last report) over"úp, all told, who b*a.i>: giré i. way, Spay- or jpMtptr patietnh-ri*-''Utan the ordinary patienta to pat ap with any inconvenience in order to allow, pay patienta to be comfortable, or ríes vervi ? Supposing at tbe present moment the hospiuVl, full almost to its utmost limits, has only room for one, and two patients apply, em 'ordinary' and the other 'pay,* which will they take t. Or, awppoaing the committee' ask the Government to build another ward, will the Government grant the . money aT they know it is for pay patients? Or, again, supposing everyone sick in town weat to the hospital as pay patients, where Wonk! he the room fbr pauper do (lie)? Or.tfpoaiag one popular doctor left, anti amothercame who would attend private patients, where would the pay- patients' ward be then, if one was built'? Or, aappomag the committee devoted their energies to the welfare of th« hospital and lett newspaper commeats aloa«.. Or, awjmbaiag the hornet's nest had int sWta1 1 stirred up. Or, supposing sw ??papua aa eu - com men tod on hospital matten at all. Yes ! That would have been the way. a« ones hair would have been ria then. But, who will answer the eonaadrant1. aVh*,-'aanrawra who f I can't, for ratnaeatat; ao mach han left ase taos» "arixed/tlm* a-#.*\nTbe hrilliaat and lucid style of this retaartabfe eceapoaitioa at.oaee cnttmtadt salmiiatirai.A aaaevidearUyftathe writer «ir d pmmm']< cm the Beach (at a J.P.. of coarse); or, aTthat is beMath.hit tigwty, h*)| alwnH.atsrtM basinets awn aolidtar.,-. An opinion ron a karat; ssrfsjt'cxuisaa«s ra thia ¿tear mámame oaali matlafi to atterly aeostrate a eHent aad during the time of hie mental aberra tien what aught not happen ? After study- ing this extraordinary manifesto for some time I; fouad myself humming, " If ifs and anV w«a pots aad naas;" hut I had come 'to a'conclusion, and the conclusion is this the writer mast be a pauper, and he is .naturally angry that bis birthright should be interfered with. The profession is over- stocked just now, why then should a man in a good position be permitted to enter the hospital to the detriment of this impecunious acribe. This is where the shoe pinches, and why individuals cease to become men and resemble vampires in their malicious lucubra- tions. I fully expect; that the: services of that feeble inanity who. does duty as " Oar Brisbane Correspondent "rwUI be enlisted to throw a brick at the sick utan , and doubtless wie shall shortly read 'thatThere is a strong feeling in Brisbane against the abuses existing in the Cairns Hospital." Of course there will not be even a modicum of tnrlh ii uW aM«rtioh, ho wlit of tbat ? I remember this literary phenomenon when in Cairns; he wrote of the district, but had never been ont of the, town. 'Pardon me, I am wrong ; onae, but only once, he mounted a horse, and the noble animal ran away with him aad landed him in the. next.parish. This was the only time he saw anything, and ; he. was then too much'alarmed to .take note*. -Tont», 4c. I Kamerunga, Feb. 25. . 