tale! " In a Cleft Stick. A. lonely hamlet tn the duptha of a Mo ravian pine forest. It consist of but five low oottages, built of ruugh stones and thatched with straw. For ligfht thepeaaant burn pino logs upon the hearth. The flick - cring gleam of their red flamea ehinea through tbe small windows and is !oat in the gloom of the forest. The summer night ia dark with clouds, and the moon has not yet risen. The wind soughs softly over the tops of '' l Aiaea, otherwise all around reigns the completeet ttillnefis. In a sidaI room in one of the cottages five >bad ait around a rouh (able playing' cards bv the light of the pine log and smoking abort wooden pipes. They ore, all of them, of middle age, between forty and fifty, browned with the sun and the wind. - Their bmrdleaa faces are oorered with wrinkles, and their bristling hair ia cot short. They wear roughly -knitted, home-made jerseys, and are barefooted. In h uorneer of the room a vnmsn sits on a wide bed, rooking with her foot a cradle in which a babv ia aaLeep. Two biggw children sleep on the bed behind her. The woman has a roeary in her haada and is telling her beads. The man do not speak, except when the game requires it. They are playing for marks only which they make with a piece of b«7V npon the table. The monotonous awniompnf last %P &.fTJ Ox »wo. Meanwhile, the woman L>m laid h orsdf down on the hrvl «w«t gone to tap. \- At length the old, smoke -stained wooden clock strikes eleven with a dull sound, re- I ambling that of a cracked glass. As if at « word of command the men rise at onoe from the benoh, anil shuffle softly from the The laaV of them, a man of middle height, who limps on one foot, carefully puts out the fire. This is the owner of the cottage, Sookan. One of than had in hi hands four rods, each about three yards long, bent in the form of a bow. and a pole. All wore some thing fastened at their aides which looked Uke a bag. When Scokan bad taken from under the tares a little, roundish bundle of rods and another long pole, he also fastened a bag at his side. That done, he whistled to a small dng to come out of bis kennel, and then they all loft the vari together Sookaa closing the gate carefully, so that the dog should not get out. leaving ibs rood at onoe, they entered under the dark vault of the hranehea of the great pine trees. Not a word was spoken anumg them. For half on hour they passed on, following Sookaa, aometunee through the the thick woods, sometimes through new plantations, where the branches of the young "trees beat roughly against thfeir faces. At last they came to a little brook that wound Ita way through the thickets. There Sookas topped. ' Mates,' he said in a low voioe, 1 we will stop here and rest, so that we shall not go hasted into tbe water.' Thoy all oat down on the epongy moss, un able to see one another in the dark. ' Listen, mates, ' went ou Book an. 1 1 have hoard a report. You know, mates, that we have worked together those twelve years, and up to sow they have not caught any of us. But yesterday evening 1 heard some thing/ V Yhai then F asked two voioea. The third man was silent. 'You kuowFrantishka, who was my wife's friend, hibaarvioe wh the bailiff.' 4 AT, whot thenf assented again thstwo .v .'.Tfcax.' > - ."'i.s' :;1 Yesterday ur wife wanl wlthbwrtQ ras- hep that'tiy ' thefgreate t the ottoe/ The man who had hitherto fcrotsllsnoe, the rent.' ' Bat Frautiohka ssys that you wore there along time.' Sookan, you ore not fooled by a woman1 chatter 1 ' answered the man who was ad. drrsood. ' All these yoors we have worke together you have never doubted mo. Th fweater was there only by ohaaoe.' 1 WeU, xn&to;, I did think it waa just woman chatter, ' agreed I don't believe it.' ' Nor 1/ said the other two. . ' I have only told you, mates, that there was something so Id/ replied 8ookn etMIy. Now we are ouol, let us go down to the mere. We con jump the stream easily jua. Mnrfaara.' c The men were posehan and to- night were going i? cotoh carp in on# of the Onus's mire 1. Thty had b«n thHhsr often enoogh Wore, they and ths viUsgera, too. For thsy all poached— in winteCi gams, and La thesamaar, oarp ; etee hn g out at night when jths nmon toss Ute, frees tpaU quiet oottagm in thakmety wood, to retoaat dawn, soak - Mg wet, «n4 nvmhisd «r» cold ; bant somi Umse wtth ths wght of the carp in th# bus on thctr hsskiy and sometimes with the wLef a gqssh andmmetimea leaving hh . hiud the on the iotret paths drops ofUaod komaik their stum Now mad again a man never asms brnpiat ntt. XityeHkmW so eredoo to pouh They oould hrewsfienouhonthe pcodoot j of Mrfisld «adasaAowa. But ttw poach . 1 kgvmywin wifli Asm. OfhsmaU, the m>t«t daring and the most experienced J wan tbe limping Scokon . What a number I of carp that man had taken home from the Ooanc'6 fith ponds for his children to eat I His wlfo also eocretiv took the fish round for sale. Tho neighbouring country priests bought them far Friday, the. schoolmasters, and sometime the gertisldlks In the jHgh- bouring towns. By means of (his txade with the Counts oax, Boolean and ids oompaniona were piling dp a nine . little heap of florins. The highest ssnbitaon of the Oount'e game- keepcre wis p6 ostoh Sookan In the ad. But all their ingenuity had been'hitherto in vain. He always wot away. . The poAohore rose and groped through tho dArk to the edge uf the stream. They kuew the p'.nco well. Three of therr. hod already jumped the brook. Only Kinka retrained. Tnen he jumped, too but, alighting on his ; right foot, gave a eudden ehriek of pain, Tijo same icstacthe oheckod himself find was silent. ' What's happouei, ZinkaF asked Sookan qaicbly. ' I jumped on the stampof a troo, and have 1 hurt my foot. Ia foot, he had jumped barefooted ou the stump of a young pine, whLoh liad been jMwn half through and broken off. A sharp splin ter stood up Use a finger, and had pierced the sole of his foot. 1 1t pains me fearfully,' moaned Zinkn. One of the poaohers tore off a strip about four inches wide from tbe edge of hie bag and gave ilto Zinka, who boiuid his wound with it, and having picked up his rods, limped after Ma mates. 4 Myrwoundwill get washed iu the water, and After a fewdays will be quite well, edotefoxted himsuif, hoaxing the keen pain writhYhst)ntet philosophy of a rough natore, Pot aUttie Itfrirod fey tha foot that he had something heavier than ;the pain woighing upon his nrisd. Already he had set down his wound oe a judgment ooma upon him , for the treachery ot which he had been iruiltv asrainat his mstea. For he was lead- ing bis friends, with whom he had poached ever idUoe hu waa a lad, sod more particu larly his old, faithful, true mato Sookan into & trap which the Count's game-keepers had set. Only the day before tho Count's bailiff had sert for him to oome to the office, and there had said to him dryly and shortly: 1 Zinks, all the world knows that you poach with Sookan. Now, if you will not tell us when where Sookan goe« for the fish, so that we oac take him in tho act, understand thin — the time is coming round for the conscrip tion. Your only sou will have to stand, and we will have aim ecnliated, without any chance of his getting off. You will not see him, Zinko,ffor four loony ears — perhaps never again.' The bailiff's throat struck Zinka dumb. 1 Now, if you will tell us,' continued tho bailiff, ' when and where that old rogue goes poaching, and wo catch him, I will get your son off from the ooaacriptioa for ever.' Zinka, and Lis wife hod no child except Tonmsh, Dearly they Laved him, and often they talked to each other how they would give him a oottage and marry him, an1 reckoned up whetber they had put by money enough. Already thoy had their eyes ou several peasants' fmort young daughters whu would do for him- But the oonsaription ! Fourteon years in the army ! Zinka knew very well that he hod been for some rima in evil odour with the bailiff for his poaching, ana that it was out of rovengo that the bailiff would get Tamnah enlisted . Well, he ouuld uvo Tarnish, But ho must betray his old and faithful mate. To steal carp out of the Count's mere — in that Zinka saw no harm St all. But tobotrayhis mate, who helped him to Btool the carp, tbat doomed to Zinka the vilest baseness ana degradation. The conflict in the poacher's soul was fierce. Against hi friendship for Scokon, his instinati of a father battled hard, tell ing him thai his first duty was to his own fierii «snd (jhlood. But for sil -that ho hesi tated-.. The bailiff saw it, and began to de scribe to htm the hardships and miseries of the fourteen years military ssrvioe. For tho small est neglect,' said the bailiff, 4 oldior has to run the gauntlet, to be woundod with swords in the sides and the bank his steps are printed in blood !' And of oourse the soldier might aomo h. no & cripple, with only one foot, or without < uand. 1 Your honour, ' broke iu tho voice of poor terrified Zinka, 4 the Lord's will mast bo dune. This is a mean shameful deod, I know it. But I will do tMs to u&yq; my son. It would be the death of his mother if they took lum away.' Tbe bailiff smiled quietly, patted the poacher ou the shoulder, and said, 1 You are a good and worthy tenant of his lordship's to give information against those people who rob him. Now tfllJ me when and where will Sookan be going for the fish P ' Your Hjoaour, to-morrow at tuidaight we are going down to the hig mora, replied tho poacher, in a trembling voice. He felt at that moment as if his heart woe being crushed in a vice. ' Good. Tbe forester will attend to iL If Sookan is caught they will let you go. And,' he added, 'they will know Sookan by bis limp.' Thru fie changed hid threatening tono for a pleasant ono, and set tho poacher at his case, saying : ' We will get your son put down on tho list as being short sighted, and be will be dear of the conscrip tion. for ewr.1 Zinka thanked liim for his kindness. He had still to explain which way the poachers would approoob the more. After that the bailiff let Sim go. On L!n v s y homo Zinka was very unhappy about haw : betrayed his mate, but he did his best to Ok ufort himself with the assurance that what he bad done was bis duty to his Ann, But not t» word did he say about what hod passed, nuit. r to bis son nor to his wife. And now he we ou his way to the mere with his xnat:», will dockan,who bad been warned against him, h t who novortbelu&s;, believing in his previoo fidelity, hod given the warn ing no cred noe. His other matee trusted him, too, Novak sod Jarosh. Zinka was sure of it, and it pained him the more that be hod . betrayed them. They were Asking their way now through ths tipokete downward from the high ground-. A. few hood Ired Mape and they were on the sdgsef. tho wood. A narrow ribbon of mea dow lay fesfore then, a-id boyood it, sar- foteuled with rushes and seeds, the black sur face of the wide mere ; block beoaase ths sky was strewn w'dh think clouds, through which the rayi off the moon, whiofi had just risen, glimmered only new s&d; then for a moment. Two of the poachers undid the bundle of rods whkhi they hod brought, bound them in pairs ia the form of a ores, and fastened upon .h/»fr ends strong sots whioh they took out of their bags. Ttie nets thus constructed they fastened to the ends of tho two poles. A few words spoken softly, sad then they silently look different ways to the different ports of tbe mere. The mere, lying in a Hollow, was iu the form of an acute- anglod Irisngle, whoso shorpaet angle pointed toward tho west. The dam at the other cod lay toward tbe east. The Doacharaoam out of tbe wood directly against the opax of the triangle, Sookan limped akmg ths.vDrtnem riderondwith himJaroeb With the net. On the eon thorn side were Zinka and Novak. They all looked for the pjooee where ths openings in the bushes offered a path into tbe water. Three of th# poachers bsd nofinspicioo that at that moment In the thick, leafy branches of the aUara, that stood dark around tha borders of the pool, and in ths shadows of the tan- tadw>wre» wsra hidden thaOcmotYwaate' raw mcs ead wood nut <krig Zinka Anew ttat end epd? e spire fflegs, of Ma eon- erenoe tgnretri him. Fbr e mowret he thought Ihjt hj aright fake Ms lutes ewey fcom|kw4regrekwt(hts> tn rwnmalmiia viffc ariisAdsr UmfoerWeayeab1 orifftiuy seraiee red the lost em end Iqga When h# reached m frnk ikn eNSrM fai water was oorefort- bg feMs grreredMood. Only tftwe Msgs 1 from the ruibea the wsler was clear, where the oarp oouifl to feed in tho night. There the poachers let down their nets, in which, when they wore, alter a short time, lifted from the water, there were alwHya Bcvorsl large fish. Zinka'ehand trembled as he lifted tho slip pery oarp out of tho net and put thorn into his bag. Every instant bo extracted that the game-Keepers and woodmen hiaing themselves amid tbe alders would present themfekee bo - fore his oyoB. Novak's face brightened with pleasure at the size of tho fish. Scokau and JaroBh wore fortunate, too. On both sides of the water th« carp were travelling rapidly out of tho mere of their lord and master, the Gouat, into tho bags of the poachers. In the valley round the mere not a sound of living thingjWUB audible ; only the roods bont by the wind rustled together, as did tl 0 dark leaves of the aiders and the tangled branches of the willows bending down over the rushes; and at a Little distance the ccAseless whisper ing of die pine forest was audible. The dark ness wo intense. But tho quick eyas of the poachers, r ocostomsd to the gloom, and prac tised to rooognlse objects in the darkness, oautiouslv rtole around, even at tho busiest moments of their labour, spying keenly, and seconded by t)bafp hearing, to observe tno ap proach of aoy danger. Suddenly the hoot of an owl soundofi' through the sucnue o! the night. It floated over to' Zinka and Novak from the north. Both of them instantly, as if they had been struck by a shot from an in visible weapon, dropped their fish, stooped down to their neoks in the water, end nid themselves against the high reeds. A short time, nnd agaitO fb4 hoa£ vfe£ repeated, Novak, crouched ag3dkttift rfeeds, softly and rilantly drew the fiat to himself, out on -tho not from the rodk-wfth fkxxffeaad twisted it around his nook. Then he softly 1st the rods and polo go in the wfiter. Ho knew thit the boot of tho owl had really oome from Sookpn, who, in a dim shimmer of the moon's rays peeping for a moment through the torn clouds had soon with his quick ovc a sun-barrel glisten among the broncos of tho alders. In au instant ho hod guessed that the mere was surrounded, find bad given the owl'e hoot as a warning sign to his companions to take flight. Cmuohed against the high roods, the po&ohers; oould not now hog what was being aoue around tho more. They oould not soe the gamo- keepers creeping out of the thick bushes ob both gidos, near tho apex of tho more, nor how they came along tho hanks in ordor to out off tho rotrcat to tho woods. The forester and the gume-kcopcrs, in the hands of one of whom tha long gun hod glis tened, waited brcathloxftly to hear tho water splash somowburo in the pool. They hod re cognized the owl's hoot as an imitation aud knew that that was a sign for flight among the poaohers, whom they had soon arrive aud wade into Ihe pool. The one of them who rooognizod tho limping Scokan had permission from the forester to shoot at kirn. At the others they were not to shoot under any oir- cc instances. The poachers, guoAamr that tho game keepers would wu.it for them near the upper part of the pool, orouuhing down thair nooks in the water, waded cautiously along by the roods in on oastword direction, downward to ward tho dam, in hnpe of gutting out of tbe mere and taking flight to the wood. Saving thoir bagx filled with oarp was not to be thought of. They let them go iu the water, and tho carp struggled and wrigglod in tho bags until they sncoeodod at last in get ting ont tho samo way they went in. Softly and cautiously the poacher 1 crept along through tbe water, »o as not to disturb it, letrt tbey should be betrayed by tho Bplosli - ing. Sookan and Jarosb, having waded first of all about a thousand steps by the eido of the rushes, crept out afterward into tbo deep. There, bidden by the darkness and by the mist which rose from the more, they ewam silently straight forward in the dark, where it was impossible for any human oye to descry them from the bank, downward toward the dam. When thoy reached it they crept' tn among the alders, pushed their way through thura to tho-top of the dam, crossed item all fours, and slipped down into the thiokot be- btod where they were nafc. They ware not together. Neitncjr know anything of the othor. Sookan, with hia lnmo log, hod got behind in ewiinming. At that moment the , wind for an instant cleared tho' olouds from tho sky around the moon, uml tho moan, a few : days past tho fall, ahono out oloarly over the mere and tho wide woods. On tho h L rn side nf the mere, about half wuy to tho dam, Novrk crept out of the rusbue, leaped cp on- the bank and hko a frightened stag shot with monster strides across tho meadow into the woods and disap peared. The game-xeepere saw him plainly, but it was impossible to oatoh hixn. Zinka, too, hod arept far from tho plaoe where thoy had oaught tho oarp, and waited for tbo olouda to cover tho moon to toko a similar flight to tho woods. Le was greatly distressed, both with anxiety about hiiB 00m- . p anions and with tho pain that his wound gave nim. Tbe bandage had slipped off it, end the sand and the mud hod got in, His foot had swollen considerably, and pained him bo cruelly that more than onoe ho was near swoon ing. Ho wetted hie face with odd water to keep away tbo sensation of faintnrse. Mean while ho awailod momentarily, with a feverish terror, tho report of a gun, whioh would bring down one of bis mates either to the earth or to tho depths of the mere, Crouched up to his neck in the water against the lofty reed, he foldud his hands, swollen with the . cold water and looking up into tho sky, in whioh the black olouda hurried in dark flight from west to coat, prayed with a wild fervor, f 0 God, givo my mates a ohauneof getting away safoly !' Onoo more tho hoaity cloo3s veiled tho soazio in impenetrable darkness. Zinka raised : himself. But scarcely had begot upon his feet when bo became aware of a pain which seemed to mount from his wound to his head It waa impossible to tread upon that foot. But fly bo must. The gamokoeperB would lot bun go if he oried out, but that be flared not do, lest his mates should know ho betrayed them. . Anxious to avail himself of the momentary gloom, bo wsded oautionaly-out of the water and the think, etaokv mud, ajodparting with bis band thd mkiliog. vwdi emerged at length on ths nigh bank nnd, limping, > his way with long epringdto wards the woods. Soddonlf ogrin tee olouda broke. Tbe moon ahono ont in all berbrightaeoe, lighting the mysterious dim woods, and gloaming in suver tnroaas upon luo mere, rippling be neath the wind, The sudden brigntuee filled tho flying poacher with alar/i. With a great effort ho hastened with all his strength his bolting steps. At that moment a red light gleamed utihis oyes. In the quiet of the night tho report of a gun rang out etartiingly, and rolled on, repeated by tho echoosof tlio wood till it finally died awny. The moment after the shot Zinka etumblod as if struok by light ifig. Ia the light of tho moon his form stood out block againbt tho gray meadow close by a thickxt, Several time, bo mastered himself by an effort, hat at last rolled over, as a stifled groan broksfrom bis lipe pressed sg&inft; the lamp moss. Than everything was qoiq£ tod the dork body lay still. Near the place whsnoo tbe shot wo fired a hort whistle sounded and that was answered from the other aide of tee mere. It was tee sign of tbe game-kaapen teat their bunt waa ' That limping beast will give ui no mors teoabfa 1 Sookan F asked ono. 1 Ha rolled over ; didn't you sec V 1 At last f said anotbiv. Node of teem went near tbe wounded man test fee should reocgnlse them, and give avidflQoe Mains! thorn, or, likely, y\ to vwoogo himsolf. leaving tha mere, thoy took terir wJ hone through tbe dark wood. Ths report of the gun meie (be tbrso poaobff mddsu is ths thicket stall. All j of tbaoa knew tboi oonof tbeir oompaninoi J had been ebot at. Sookan and Joroeh, lild- den under the dam, knew that the ehnt muzt have been fired at Zinka' or Novak. Novak being nearer, was sure that it was fired at Zinka. Nearly sfi hour passed. Novak listened ankiouafy to assure himself that the game keepers had really gone, and bearing nothing more of them v«i tared at last out of the thicket. He #s soaked to tee ekln and was shivering with f ear and cold. Cautiously he looked around tee meadow and suddenly stopped, rooted to the ground with horror. About forty stops off a mTi with unoovored head eat in the moonlight near a thicket. He vu pressing both hand to his face, and moaning as no rocked himself from right to left. 1 0 xny God, my God 1' Then he fell flat on his book and bis hsaii dropped power- leas at his ridee. 'Hie moonlight shone oat more oleoriy and Norak recognized Zinka. A few stops, with out considering whether he was in danger or . not, and he knelt on the grave by hisside. In 1 a stifled voice Zinka vu whispering to him- 1 ""If, ' Jesus, Maria, Joseph I' that cry of the puM&nt; in his moments of agony. Suddenly Novak remambered his wonted caution of a poacher. Quickly passing bis left arm beneath Zinka' a knees and bis right aroundbis shoulders, he lifted him and ran with him to tee woods. There he laid him down again npon thfe ifioM and asked him ; 4 Wert are you wounded f 1 On tbe right side, in tee ribs.' whispered Zinka, and added . 'Nothing has happened to the rest of you, please God r After a time he whispered, pressing hi hand to. his breast f 'Ttean't live ; they have . rettiodme.1 "Novak put tekkf awtrfisB hands to his lipe sad- imitated the ary of am owl, 4 Ta-whoo, tu-whoo !' Bending down again over the wounded man he took out of his poekst a well-oorted bottlo opened it, and said : , ' Taste a little powder, mate. It will drive rirny tho sting.' Zinka took the bottle in his weak left haDd lifted it to his mouth and pourod on his toogue a few grains of gunpowder, rolled their, in hia mouth for a Tow moments and then swallowed them. That is with the Bo- hnroi an poach we a f avoarite (proven tire against the ovil oonsequenoes of a wound. 1 It is no good,' whispered Zinka. With a sad amile he went on: 'Ths shot has gone into my lungs.' And, as he spoke, he ooughod and tho blood ran out o/'his month. Again Novak imitated tee hoot of an owl, and this time the cry was answered from a short distance. Thebongbs of tbe pines rustled and proseutly Sookan appeared, pushing hi? way through the underwood. 4 Zinka has reocdved the whole oharge in his lungs,1. Novak whispered into Bcokan's car. 4 It seems to me they have finished him.1 Sookan bent over Zinka, saying : 4 It's I, mate, Scokau.' 'Zinka, feeling with his left hand in tho dark, touched Bcokan's face. It waa the touch of a hand of ice, and he spoke disjointodly. ' Mate — you're alive — plsose God — forgive — for Tommy's sako only shlld— fourteen year — thu gauntlet — ' Ho could say no more. Ttiere waa a dull rattling sound in his throat. Scok&n; could find no meaning in his words. Leaning to ward Novak, he whispered. ' Ho doM not know what he ia saying ; he is delirious. Spread out tho nets ana we will take him homo.' Thoy spread out the nets, taking teem from thoir nooks and laying teem out ono above tho other on the graee. Opening thorn bo to half thair breadth tear laid tho halploas Zinka in thorn, lifted, up tec ends of the no La and prooeedsd into the depth of the wood. There thov found narrow path whioh wound lika a snake. Many a time hod they taken thoir wiy along it, bending under tho weight of the the fish they had stolen. Five timw they had led, or carried home a wounded comrade, Zinkn half Lay and half sat in the not. Now and then be righod, and the rattling sound was audible in his throat. They prooeeded thus for half an hour through the thiokest part of the wood, where the rays of the moon where unablo to pierce the branches, though she shone now brightly. Presently, again, Zinka begun to murmur some unintolligiblo words. 4 Ecop quiot.mato,' said Scokon. 'You'll be uil right presently.' It seemed that Zinka heard, for he ro- moiocd etili. The poachers hastoned as much as they oould. At Let a light appeared before team, and after a Little while they were on the euge oi ue wooa. ice moon atiouo aown dearly with her soft light, the wind had droptrad and the sky was cloudless. Where the path joined the road they laid down their bard on on the soft, freeb grass moistened with dew. The moonlight fell straight on Zinka' face. It was as white aa linen. A fa oe oarved in ivory might have looked so. With a sodden start Sookan put his hand to tho pals cheek. It was ooid as ioe, stiff and stark. In the glassy eye, that seemed to start fram itssockot, the dim moon light reflected itself gLittaringly. 4 Jotus, Mans !' it all up with him,' ex claimed Sookan . Starting up, Novak oaught his lisir with both his hands, as if he would with a single wrench tear it from his skull. 'The woman and the lad will go mod,' said Novak. He was silent for a moment and then asked more as if speaking to hlxn- -self than to his mate, 'But how did the game keepers guess that we were going to-night — ' Ho stopped, and continued, in a c&utious; voioe, aim oet as if hefearedleet the dead man should hear his words : 4 Sookan, what Fran- tisl> ka uid was true then.' 4 1 thought of that, mate, too, but — God knows,' said Sookan, aa if loth to judge the dusd man. 4 You are the Btrrmger,' said j 8cokan , ' carry him home "Rs not far. 1 will go in front and toll his wife that there has been an accident1 He roue from the ground aa he epoko and limped away. Novak drew together the fuur oornnre of tee net with both his hands, knelt down by the oarpes, and then, turning sway from it, drew it up npon his book, rose,, balanoed himself, and .proceeded, with his burden along the fane. Oqhis.rihttee bead and one hood of the desd( man hung out of tee net, On the other aids jogged a wti> naked fooL And at theams tune, in the Him depths of tbe wood, sounded the melodious : eosg of the thrush welcoming the approach - Log dan. xxe was arun in ngni 01 m ootsagta. Ai - ready a fire had been lighted in oneof them. Toward that ho direated his steps. Somo dogs, barking wildly, ran oat to meet him, then, reoognisifig him, were Blunt and sniffed at his burden. Tkom the cottage Sookan came out to meet him, and they both of them took the dead "7ft" in their arm. ' Thoy think be i|. only wounded,' whis pered Hookas hurriedly. A woman half -dressed, barefooted and with her hair iu wild disorder, followed almost at Scokau 's heels. It was Zinka' a wife. Shu hod her eon with her, and from the lips of both of them broke ths wild, heart- piercing peasant ary, Jews, Maria, Joseph V The walling son helped the poachers to oaxry his father. ' X always told him it would eod Mb this one day,1 said the woman. Andoallinghim 4 Joseph, Joseph 1 she pat down her hand to his fsoe. In an instant she drew it track, ' The five wounds. of the Lord Christ I ho is as oold osioe !' 'Rra poaobsra copied theimote into tho littie room, when dra flickering, restless flame nf the flremk pine da&oed; on tbo hearth. Thqrloid hip aa a bed. A si ogle look at tbo JpoMg ays, in .which now tho red floraoof pictured itself, I Zrarkling ond ghsfaaht(£ as the moonlight bad done fa ths rood find Woman and boy as if a flash of lightW)jNwl «ftrok them to the moth, fail ou teraEfifafaUe ths bed; in wild, harah touea, bhritkiug, rather than crying, 'Jesus, Maria '.Jesus, Maria ' Then ' a woLlng without words, broken and pierc- I ing, filled the tittle chamber. Tho two poachers stood by the hearth looking now at their deed companion, now at the weeping wife, now at the sobbing son. The same gloomy thought haunted teem both. 1'erhsps some dark night their end would be theasxne. The miuutea passed. Tbe gray light arept into the room, Scokau turned hii faou toward the hearth, and looked thoughtfully at tee (sinking flamea. Then he put on another pine log. Tho fire took freah Life and burned, up again. Again the dogs barked. Slow stops came across the yard, and Jarote walked into tbe room. Unable to find his mates, be had returned home, and soedug the light, had oome to Zinka'a oottage. Tho woman and the youth did not notice hiiu. With a few signs and half a dozen words his mates enlightened him as to what had happened. Then for a while they took oounsel softly. After that Novak and Joroah went away. Boolean eat down on tbe benoh by the hearth. The pins-Log flamea flickering reet- lesaly, flared up and fell, and in their shift ing light it Beamed to Scokau that the fac of the desd man nailed oodly, and then again ire contorted with pain. Ia half sn hour Jaroah returned, having changed his clothes. Ho Bat down in Sookans plaoe by the hearth. Sookaa limped homo. Tflo oastarn sky wa ooloured with the red tight ot dawtii - Jaroeh, sitting down at tbe hearth, tookaooal, with whioh he lighted tee tohAocQ La hig- abort wooden pipfi and smoked, goring' pensively at the blue clouds which he blew mnp'his lips. The wife and boy had wept all the tears oat of their weary nyos, but they wore still crouched by -the bod, sobbing plaintively.. Little suspicion had the eon that he was tee OOC&oiut; of his father's death ! In an hour or SO it was known lq all the cottages that Zinka was doAd : shot, it was whiBoerod. And tee worara btiid : ' That'e how my roau I will end ono of Uchc days. I'm always tell ing him so.' The bailiff was in bis offloo engaged in looking orcr Lis accounts when the forester ooxuo iu with the now. 'Well, wo'vogotrid at last of that limp ing, poaching beast, Hookan. One of the gorae-keepera fiuisbed him off with a shot.' ' Then Zinkn did not deooive us,' said tho bailiff, coolly. ' AVo will save Lis son from being enlisted.' The (subject soon dropped and they talked of somethiug else. Presently some ono caruo in at the door, and they turned to aeo who it was. 1'alu as ghosts tho bailiff and the forester (stool stariug as if they had brtsn turned to stone. On the other f-ide of the table, at which the rents wore paid, putting down his silver florins, stood — Hookan. Tho cuuniug old fox, iu order to givo an impression that ho had no knowledge t all of what had taken plaoe tbe previous night, had limped up coolly and humbly to pay his rent. His expencucod eye uw that there Wiu» something amiss, but he had 110 sua- piction of tho truth. For a moment the bailiff und tho forester believed thoy saw a ghost. 1 humbly kiss your honour's hand, ' ho said, bonding his back in on awkward bow. ' 1 came to pay the rent and tho tax,' and turning his rough hat in his hauds he looked do an at the floor. The bailiff wrote tec receipt iu his book, and Hook an, carefully placing it in the pocket of his shabby, knitted jersey, once mure bowed, arid repeating, ' 1 kiss your honour's hands,' luft the office. The bailiff turned to the forester. 'The cmaed thief !' said the latter, ' I my self baw him fall when tbe man shot at liim. Ho ruirat have thro v himself down Ou pur pose to make us thtox that we had hit him. We'll have him some day.' Later iu the day the county doctor came in. Ho had been sent for, ho said, to see the dead body of Joaoph Ziuka, apsa&aut;, who had died of a guushut tho previous night. Ho had his foot wounded, ap parently from having trodden on something sharp. The bailiff and the f jreslur oxohangoi a glanoo. 4 He is no-gr at loss,' said the fore :tor when tho Doctor was gone. 4 A thief and a poacher.' As the Doctor had been called in, a sort of inquest was set cm foot. The bailiff was foromoat in it, and that very iWy went dowu to question Zinka'e wife, but oould aocertiuc nothing oxoept that Zinka had com a home in vbe night, from somewhere, wounded, and had soon afterward died. And that was all thst over uamo out. On the fourth day the man was buried, and the reports of the inves tigation lie somewhere covered with dust und mould. Zinka, however, had saved his i»ou. The lad was now his mothei's only nupport, and so exempt. H® kept away from poaching, too, warned by his father's death. Sookan, Novak and Jarosh, shocked by tho fate of their mate, abstained fur a fev weeks from ths Count's fish-ponds. But tho im pression of the grizzly adventure gradually became weaker, and after 3 time their old passion for poaching gained the victory, and they went back to the mere just aa if nothing had happened. Two years after 3cokan disappeared. In the autumna fleshier akolotou wub found at tne bottom of one of the big more."1, aud it was ffeneraUy supposed to be tho remains of the Bmping poacher. Novak and Jarote knew that it was so. Thoy had aoen the ebot fired at Scokun stand ing up to his armpits in the water. The two surviving poaohare, when tbi-y were old, wore rheumatic, the oojueqaouco of tho frequeui wading at night in thu icy juoreft und the wandering home in wet clothes through the freezing murning mists to thoir distant homes. Bont double and scaroely able to move their joints, tho old sinners, unable any longer to poach on a large pcale, would betake them selves to the neighbouring streams and catch small fish with a rod, and meanwhile narrate to aach other the great c&tchm; of the days of their youth. Sitting on tee under the shadow of the willows, watching with their dim eves the float figuring in tee water, they talked of their former mates who were goto under 'theraj They re minded Baah other of how they had oome to po tehore,' butifever Zinka aud hi fate camu into their mem arias they shook their heads, remarking that 4 teere wa& some Iritah in it that time.'-— Ilk Oornhill 