BBO'ADBlilM'S NEW YORK LETTER. Is all thy greatness shrunk to this little measure? Skak tpcarc. Oh Friday last at Leavetts' Art Rooms on Broadway, the posthumous remains of Lester Wallack passed under the auctioneer's ham- j luer. There have been many greater and | better men, men of larger acquirements, men I whose lives have left a more marked impress" on the age and body of the time, but there are few in his own country who have held so conspicuous a place in the.publio eye ana .who succeeded in getting such. ail alitple toward for \Vhatevef tiiierit he might- possess. He citnic from a hide. of . attors; the acting in stinct was in his blood, and it never left him 6ri or off the stage... He was always on poise arid as carcfiil of the effects lie would create at the cafe while discussing his .patfe at JjeU nioiiico's as life was tthile , figuring on,- tho stage of his owii theatre iii Rosedale or Doil Ciesar. His vanity never deserted him; tot tering towards seventy, in his afternoon walks along the west side of Broadway he strove by artificial aid to keep the same erect port as when he divided the honors of the pave with the handsome George Jordan forty years ago. Do the spirits of those who have crossed the Jordan's stormy tide have cognizance of the things that go in this little planet qf ours 1 If they do, Lester Wallack's ghost hiiiit passed an exceedingly uncomfortable after noon last week as he saw his precious vest nient-s and relies knocked off for less than is usual bid for a: second-class liand-me-dawn. Imagine Don Cresar after his transformation gallant in silks, velvet and feathers, booted and spurred, his Andre Ferrara gleaming by his side. Ah, me ! It was indeed a gallant sight! As I close my eyes I can see him now. I can hear the ringing cheer that greets his coming; I'can almost hear tlie heart beats of the delighted maidens who exclaim, " Oh, oh ! ain't he too sweet for anything !" and so he was, a prince of the blood in his realm. Think of all this splendid garniture going under the auctioneer's hammer for seven dollars ! Mercy on me, but ita a terrible fall! Don Felix, for five dollars; Elliott Grey, for seven dollars and seventy-fivie cents; Hamlet, for two and a quarter. Is it pos sible? is it possible? Why, I recollect the timo"and that not so mary yoars ago, when ono of his old shoes or a ragged poeket hand-' kerchief bololigingtq hinl wotlldflaVe brought irtore tliaii tliis; when sighing young maidens and eveti nlamed ladies hiid his photo framed in sold upon-their dressing castas, and it was Said that some of theni Had iittle altars iiiad'e iSrere c&iidlfo; wqre kept corifstautly burning befcSre !iis loved effigy. The gaping crowd stood . around and examined each article critically; there was no sentiment in it what ever, not theleast;they wanted their money's worth and.they got it. Occasionally there was a slight ripple among tho crowd, which was mostly composed of actors and old clo' men, when s<*me relic was put tip linked ttitli the golden past-^a dagger df Edwin Forrest's a S\yord 6f Keaii's, a doiiblet that belonged to George Frederick Cook aiid sonie relict of the elder Wallack. But enthnsiam was dead -dead as Wallack himself-and the entire lot that had cost thousands upon thousands of dollars, costumes whith the favorite actor had racked the resources of his fertile brain in designing, brought less than a paltry seven hundred. And so passes another marked character from the stage of our daily lite: The three theatres that once bore his name, bear it rtd more; the first has given way to the demands of commerce .iiid its site is coVerefl by iii;lt»lii ficenf wholesale drygoods stores. The cither has changed its name to the Star; and the last, which was built expressly for him, and was intended to be the abiding home of; the fashionable drama, passed from his h&ndsaft;'er a leries of financial disasters which brought him to the verge of ruin. So .that after a successful professional life of over forty years, during which he received greater rewards for his services than, the people df tlie. United States pay their President he was only saved froni want in his latter days by the considerate kindness of professional friends who, hearing of his needs, got him up a monster benefit which was responded to by a grateful public, and* secured him those comforts at his death which lie might-- otherwise have lacked. I did not share in tlie popular sympathy so lavishly expended on the favorite actor in his latter days. My reasons were that I thought he had received ample compensation for everything he had ever done, his personal receipts from his profession being certainly not less than a half million of dollars. He had the' best' of everythingwhile he lived; his town house and his country house, his yacht and his shootiDg box; courtedthe most exclusive and aristo cratic society,' and while never admitted to thei'nnerSanhedrian ofNewYorksociety,wau deringnoblemen from Europe like theDuke of Marlboro' and Lord Lonsdale found in him a genial companion,who never noticed in public anv of fcbeliumWfvt*vnQrr»i\\*» f i-^-»T«xufuoetlie curtain rings down on tho last act, and in the busy whirl of our New York life the very name of this once popular idol will be forgotten. Several times within the past few montlisl have felt called 011 to report daring robberies, but three robberies took place last week that throw the exploits of Claude. Duval, Dick Turpin and Billy tho Kid into the shade. On Wednesday [afternoon there was a blockade, of street cars on the Bowery; aud himdreda of., people were assembled on the sidewalk to'see the fun, the crush became quite heavy and it Seemed to concentrate about a jeweller's shop a few doors from tiiecorner of Grand-street. Tlie window wasfull ofwatcliesand diamonds .laid: out in tempting array. Quick as a flash of lightning came a terrible, crash, and two young thieves who had broken tho immense gla33 window reached,in through the opening and grabbed everything within reach and started oft like a couple of deor pursued by tho howling crowd. They , scattered diamonds and watches as they fled and therein lay their salvation, for the crowd stopped to pick up the jewels and the watches, and in the scramble the thieves escaped. This was about three o'clock in the after noon 011 the most public thoroughfare of: New York and in the presen ce of thousands of people. On Thursday a lady was knocked down with a sandbag by a ruffian, in tho middle of the afternoon, and robbed of , her watch and forty dollars in cash. While a German who had just drawn; five hundred dollars from the Savings Bank was 011 his way home on a streot car, two men jostled against him,:, and on the instant he felt his money going; lie grabbed for the bag which contained -it, and which was hidden in an inside pocket. The struggle was brief when one of the men knocked him off the car, and when he re covered, his nioney was gone The robbers ran in different directions. . The pursuit was immediate, and one of the thieves was run down, but it was not tlie man with the money ; however the next day when the thief who was captured was arraigned before the police- magistrate, the poor German who lost the money recognised sitting among the crowd the other thief who assisted in the robbery, he told the court officers, and they watched the pair and soon found them ex changing signals, tlieu the thief who was free advanced towards the prisoner and offered to procure him counsel: he was at once pounced upon by the officers, and to their great delight he turned out to be Abe Coakley, one of tho most daring bank robbers and expert sneak thieves in the United States. Nearly one half Abo's lifo has been passed behind bankers and .ill others who had loose nioney. I hardly know ho>v Abe could have got so low down as to commit a robbery oil a street car, he has generally flown for higher same' f,°V (J.urjn£ bis life he has relieved banks, and individuals of over a million of dollars. The war which has been raging for over two years between the English and American branches of the Salvation Harm}', culminated last week in the deposition of General Moore who led the American rebellion, two years ??°Ov]ncl1 resi,lted in tho separation of tho ifinglish brunch-from that situated in the ! United States. It is several years ago since General Moore led the invading hosts af Sal vationists from Jlalbion's Ilile to the dominions of Huncle Sam. The field wan large, th i harvest was great, and the Head Center, Pope or Grand Lama, or whatever ho was, General Booth, was much rejoiced thereat, as golden American Eagles rolled I into the London treasury. It did not take ? many years for General Moore to realize that fl it would not be a bad idea to horganize a ji Harmyof 'isliown. Whether this idea was the i' promptiug of a good spirit, or the work of ! the devil, I cannot tell, but as soon as I General Booth learned the treason, he made . things exceedingly warm for General Moore. He started for the United States at ! <inoe, and his son, Balliiigton, was hor ed to the front, to down the Satanic cohorts of the j rebels. Ballington Booth is about six feefc ' two, and weighs considerably over eighty hundred, so far the advantage was on neither side, botli relied on the Lord for help, and what one lacked in'length the other made up in breadth, so that it was about an even thing all round; but Ballington Booth, long or short, was not an opponent to be sneezed at. He-had served an apprenticeship under his father, and knew what rough fighting meant. He had wrestled with the devil among the Whitcchapel toughs; and had thro'ihi hjin cVery tihiC; at> he was iiot iit iiU stared .wlifei). lie Baltic to. .tlie, tJiuled States $hd tacklecl General Moore. On the other liaiid General Moore was all covered over with spiritual scars which He had received iii his numerous encounters,. and wheii it caufe,; to fighting, ,he w.-.s not afraid of tlib devil himself: When Ballihg t'cin Booth arrived here he opened his bat teries. at once* and now- aft'eiv H two.yenrs struggle it is anounced that General Moore; is deposed. The General announced, how ever, that he is not yet dead, and it looks as though General Booth may find him a ?i'-eiy lively ghost: He is not yet deserted by all of his friends-Ash Barrel Jiniiny, Banjo Charley,,and Hoop dc doo Sam stick to him, this. ivitli a stout contingent of salvation lasses may help him to Hold the Fort; hj.'ean wiiliewewaiE with bated brcalii for news from the seat of war. -Our sistpr-Brooklyn is in trouble. For five days.not a..car has..stirred on. five of the principl^street paitliriesj and this means that out of 850,000 people over 200,000 must get to their workasbestthey can over distances vary ing from two to five miles. Nearly every road in New York is also tied up. The strikers amount to a few hundreds, the people who are iiiGoinmodedareatleasttwohundred thousand, and notice has been served on the companies that as long as they don't attempt to run any cars there will be no disturbance, but if thpy do, look out ! Now, in this free country of ours no man questions the right of any other man to Jeave asituation that does not suit him, but to say that he holds a permanentmortgage on a situation which he himself can abandon without question at any time is monstrous. After both parties have worried and harried each other for se veral days or weeks, when the men are starving and their families are suffer ing, and the employers have suffered serious lass they will come together nnd patch up a piece .tliat. ^vliljjasfc t till, tlie -next. sLtrik8. Sooiier.br later thi3 question wli have id tie settled; and the only possible way is in the proclariiation of the absolute independence of the working or laboring man, the right to dispose of his labor without interference from any other man and behind him .ill the power of the State and nation to maintain him in that right. Both sides in the present dispute seem determined, and the slightest move ment on cither side may plunge us in a conflict that may result in bloodshed and disaster. . ..... . .... The weather still'continues very much like spring: January is gone hi)d as yet rio Serious syrHptoiii tif ivinte.-. Whatsis in store for us? Let us wait and. see. Truly yours, BROADBRIM. 