THIS ELECTION AND THE LAST. In view of the fact that leas than two years have elapsed since the Protec tionists were signally defeated at the polls, it may at first sight seem strange that the same party Bhould now be fighting with eager anticipations of victory. But there are many circum- stances to account for the apparent puzzle. The contest of to-day differs in almost every incident from the contest of 1S87. Then the name of " Parkes " worked magic for tho Foreign-traders, and won over voters who were carried away by the enthusiasm which that name was potent to inspire: now Sir Henry stands so utterly discredited by his series of failures that he has deemed it wisest to avoid showing himself pro minently during the campaign. Then it waB thought that Foreign-trade and prosperity were to one another as cause and effect : now it has bean learned, during two years of industrial depression and commercial disaster, that a Foreign-trade policy and an era of social misery are absolutely inseparable. And in 1SS7 it was be lieved that the Parkes Ministry would, . above all things, maintain honesty of administration and parity of Government: now the country burns with indignation as one after another the scandah, robberies, and acts of corruption chargeable against Parkesites are revealed. In fine, in- 18S7 the proper consideration of the points of the rival policies was pre vented by the distraction of public thought : electors discussed not Pro tection or' Foreign-trade,' beoauso' their attention was monopolised by the _ Premier, upon .whom; electors foolishly depended. Now it is a straight issue of principle, and on the question of principle Protection has nothing to fear. Another influence tbat goes far to strengthen the position of Home- traders arises out of the systematic action of the various leagues and unions during the last two years. Undeterred by defeat the Pro tectionists organised their forces, arranged meetings, and voiced their arguments with an ardor and con stancy that speaks eloquently regard ing the inherent vitality and vigor of the patriotic principle. "With un flagging energy the work has been carried on, and the consequence is that at the present time almost every electoratehas its union, whose members are working constantly and without hope of reward for the candidates of the party. TheForeign-traders,onthe contrary, seem to have abandoned the fight immediately upon attaining their delusive victory. The fact was that the record of '87 told the Foreign- traders that Protection was coming, and they were disheartened by their victory to such on extent that volun tary labor in the importers' cause ceased almost entirely. " Free-trade " associations in the country ceased to exist, and the few new ones tbat were formed existed only long enough to be able to die. The advantage of there being country unions has been of great consequence to the Home-trade party, as the want of them has been harmful to our opponents. Foreign- trade candidates as a rule have been nominated by the Sydney association, Protectionists generally by electors of each constituency, officers of the bodies formed to supporttbe patriotic policy. And now when the battle is proceeding it is noticeable that while our opponents are obliged to spend more thousands than they would dare to confess in hiring men to do all ihe work incidental to elections, the Home-traders are able to rely almost entirely upon the efforts of volunteers who, inspired by patriotism, and seeking no other reward, are working with an energy and enthusiasm that hirelings can never exhibit. Surely a cause upon which men so freely and generously spend their time end their labor must prevail, whatever may be the strength of tradition and the opposition of vested interests arrayed against it ! As the enthusiasm and anti cipations of Protectionists daily riBe, so the quakings and fore bodings of our opponents increase. Proof of the desperate position in which Foreign- traders find themselves is afforded by the persistence of Sir Henry Parkes and his followers in voicing the invocation to bigotry. The appeal known as the " Kiama Ghost " is the very last card that can be played. But that card cannot now take a trick. It has come down bo often from the ex-Premier's sleeve that men now know its origin, and recognise that it does not belong to tbe political pack. When so many Orangemen, whose fervency is fully approved, are taking so prominent a part in the various elections, and on behalf of tbe Home-trade candidates, the utter folly of describing the battle as " a mere sectarian contest" is made abundantly manifest. There never was a purer political issue before the electors, and if our opponents had any hope of winning on their principles they would not have dared to stir up the foul waters of religious discord. Their policy is to draw a herring acros3 the trail, but the same fish has already been UBed so often for tho same pur pose that its corrupt malodorousness must and will disgust, but cannot delude electors. THE FEDERAL BOARD Iv we except the occasion of its first sitting, the Federal Conncil has never been the object of much attention. It occupies the respectable but slightly con temptible position of a body of which tho beBt that can be said is that it can do no harm, and tho worst, tbat it docs very little good. But perhaps, if we were not involved in the absorbing exoitemcnc of a general election, the adhesion of South Australia to the Council, aud"the motion which has been proposed by tho represen tative of that colony, would bo worthy of more than passing notice. Mr. Kinos- ton's motion — carried unanimously —was to the effect that it wa3 desirable that the number of re presentatives from each colony Bhould be increased to six at least, and that the representation of the colonies should be in proportion to their population. It is quite evident that the South Australian Government in joining the Counoil have not. done so from the mere desire to co exist — co- operate is rather too strong a word— with the sister colonies in that body, but with' a definite policy. The South Australian representative expressly promised— so far as he might— that Bhould his motion be cairied his colony would not withdraw at the end of the stipulated two years. It is reasonable to conjecture that South Australia means to make an attempt to increase tho ecope ot action, if not tho power of the Council, for ' it would be almost absurd to suppose that a body of (say) 30 delegates are to confine them- ee'ves to the_ work of suggesting slight alterations in commercial law, which seem to make up the business of the present Council— matters, perhaps, not trivial in themselves, but certainly not of national importance. If the motion proves accept able to tbe colonies represented, and is given effect to at the next meeting at Hobart, it can hardly fail to add to 'the prestige of the Council. For the Federal Council, as it then would be, not to possess direct legislative power of some sort would be as great an anomaly as the possession of any suoh powor by the present Counoil. There is little doubt that public opinion would sanction the change when the first occasion arose on which the exercise of federal legislative power would prove a clear national benefit, and thus we should insensibly and natnrally begin to consider federation as a matter fully within the range of practical politics. It is useless to attempt to lead the popular mind by pure theorising but if it 1 once becomes .. accustomed to tho annual consideration of federal matters by a weighty and dignified council, the Australian people will not be long before it astonishes Mrs, Squeers, of the Royal Colonial - Institute, by asking for. mare. . ELECTORAL REFORM. It is very evident that some reform must come before long in our electoral system There is too much representation, and too much representation is as bad as, if not worse than, too little. It is absurd that in a colony of a little more than 1,000,000 inhabitants-there sh ouldbe 137 representa tives. If an increase of nnmbers were accompanied with an accession of reasoning power, the gain wonld he a solid one. That there is no such gaiu may. very often be seen in the case of a constituency returning four members. The two political parties wish each to make nominations for tho four Beats. Two good and suitable men are forthcoming, possibly three, to repre. sent the one side. Another candidate mnst be obtained, and eo sometimes an nferior man is pnt forward for a position for which he has little qualification save that of holding the doctrine of his party. Tbere is the danger, then, of the tailings being used, and good men, though of different views, being shut out. This excess of . representation defeats its own ends, and makes Parliament unwieldy. In the United Kingdom we find about one member representing 50,Q00 persons. In Victoria the proportion is about .one to every 11,500, whilst here one to evory 7600\. Were representation in the United Kingdom carried to tho same extent as out here, it is questionable whether the business of the House of CommonB could ho carried on at all by tho immense mob of persons who would then be returned. It is much to bo regretted on every ground tbat the expansion clauses of the Elec toral Act were not repealed in tho last Parliament, and it will be a condition precedent to the adoption (of the principle of payment of members that . a reduction iu the number of representatives now elected shall he duly enactod by the Dibbs Ministry. 