TWO GHRDSTMS DAYS, ' —R,— _ The Mysteries of Seacomhe Grange. 1 CHAPTER II. I « We might go up into the belfry ana ringthe bell; and so bring someone to our assistance, only—" , T left mv sentence unfinished. « Only what ?" he asked meeting my eyes, which sank beneath his. Ah . I understand: It would be thought I strange that we two should be here together. You are right ; we must con trive some other plan of escape. But this seemed more easily said than done, for there appeared no second aiter- native The primitive little church did Sen iLt a (vestry, and the ctagy- mam put his surplice on inside the Porch> as I afterwards learned, so there was fiope in that direction. . As we paused in front of the com munion rails, .with the marble memorial tablets standing out from from the walls, like the ghosts of those whose ashes they guarded, and the dusky shadows gather ing deeper and chillier every minute, I J felt a strange thrill of half- superstitious 1 fear creep through me, and, shivering slightly, drew a step nearer my compan- 10I"You are cold?" he said interroga- tively. 1 And, without waiting for my reply, took off his great coat and wrapped it round me in spite of myjremonstrance. I There was in him a certain command, a quiet sense of power, that exercised over me an influence which I found it a moral impossibility to withstand. I did I not quite like it— I, myself, was of an I independent nature, and the sense of I subjugation was new to me and not altogether pleasant. However, this was no time for discussion, so I submitted 1 with the best grace I might, and allowed I .istr-ta/4 in thf same tur- myseit to oe euven/pw ... , lined garment that he had worn on the occasion of our first meeting. _ I , By this time it had grown quite dark, and as we ascended the steep and narrow steps leading to the belfry it became necessary for Mr. Marchmont to light the way by striking matches. In sP'e | the ' disagieeable position in which I found myself, it was, after all, so ludic rous, that I sat down on one of the stairs and began to laugh— a laugh more I hearty than had passed my hps since my arrival at the Grange. I Mr. Marchmont stopped, apparently rather surprised at this unseasonable hilarity, and I got up again somewhat ashamed of myself. | " I can't always succeed in forgetting 1 am young," I said, half in apology. I " Don't try to forget it," he responded I more jgently than he had yet spoken. " Believe me, the world can give you no happiness to compare with the mere sense of youth, for the hope of lifes I morning is never fulfilled by its noon- I sighed unconsciously, and I became I more than ever convinced there was some I great sorrow in this man s existence- some cloud that had arisen and obscured all the brightness of the horizon. 1 If I had done, as a feeling that was I more earnest than curiosity prompted, I I should there and then have asked him if such were the case, and have proffered him my . sympathy, but I remembered I how short had been our acquaintance, I and prudently remained silent. 1 In the belfry was a slit m the stones I that served by way of a window, and was I wide enough to admit of the passage of a man's body, and this was the only outlet visible. Mr J "Marchmoat looked|| through it, I measured the distance from the ground, and then cut a rope that was hanging from one of the bells, and having secured it to the wall, proceeded to make some knqte in it before throwing the one end outside. . T " What are you going to do l 1 ctsked " Let myself down, and then go to the sexton's cottage, coin an excuse for getting the key, and come back and let you out." " But you will hurt yourself ? He laughed. '' No fear of that." I glanced through the aperture, and the distance seemed to me very great — the rope he intended trusting himself to very slender. " But you will,'' I persisted, laying my hand on his arm in my eagerness " You shall not go down— I won't let you. I would rather ring the bell and call assistance." _ " That would never do," he rejoined,! hastily, and gently disengaging himself. " You need not be atraid on my account, for I assure you there is no danger.' And with that he climbed through the opening, grasped the rope, and let him self down. while I watched with my heart in my mouth" until I saw him safely landed at the bottom. He looked up and waved his hand, /Hannnpared in the dusk, and in an incredibly short apace of time he had returned with the key (he never told him by what means he obtained possession of it) and, having drawn in the rope so as I to'leave no traces of our presence, he 1 took me downstairs into the chill dark- I ness of the December night. "As it is so late you must permit me to see you home," he said, gravely, offering his arm. I took it, and we walked on for some little distance in silence. If I live to be a hundered years old I shall never forget that walk. The night had turned cold and damp, and raw, the sky was.obscured by clouds, the trees were shrouded in floating vales of mist, everything looked to advance, retreat, or stay wnere wss» Finally, I resolved on the latter course, and, being well screened irom view, peered round, and tried to make out the identity of the two figures whose outlines I could now just distinguish. One, that ot a young man, was near enough for me to see that he wore a long muffling coat, but to trace his features was altogetne impossible. His companion, whose head was on his shoulder, and also enveloped in folds, voluminous enough to disguise her figure. "I do think I am the most unlucky beg gar on the face of the earth ! I heard him exclaim, moodily, and with a certain desperation in his voice. " Sometimes 1 fancy Fate has a sort of grudge against me, and has made up her mind never to | let me have any peace !" "Don't say that, Bertie. You cant know how it vexes me," exclaimed his companion. It was a shock that I re cognised the voice of Lorna. Luck, I if there is such a thing, must change some day. . " Then it's time it began, to change. ; for mine has been the same since my childhood. I don't believe I ever had a stroke of good fortune till I saw you, Lorna." . There was a slight pause, and it is not difficult to guess in what manner it was filled. , , . " Was it good fortune that you should see me ?" she said, a little sadly, don't seem to have brought you much happiness." " Little sweetheart ! is it good that the I sun should shine on a dull November day even if he goes behind the clouds after an hour's radiance ? You are the sunshine of my life, Lorna, and, as I have often told you, the mere remembrance of you is happiness. If you only knew how I I think of you, when I am sitting all day I in your father's office, and recalling to mind the first occasion when he sent me down here, and I saw you first. I wonder, I with a grim change of tone, " what he would think if knew our relationship to- I wards each other ?" " H'c would be furious, I am sure ; but I he must not know until 1 am of age, and my own mistress." I After this there was a slight pause, which he broke. " How do you like this new governess of yours he said. " Very well— better every day. At first I hated the idea of her coming, for I thought she was an accomplice of my step-father's, and that he had senc her as a sort of spy upon me ; but now I don't fancy it is anything of the sort." i " Have you told her ?" " About you ? Oh ! no— I dare not. This afternoon when you sent the little girl with the note I was awfully afraid she would find it out, for she looked at me very suspiciously, and did not seem to believe the excuse I made for not going out with her. She will be back soon, and I must be indoors, or she will wonder what has become of me." You must go already ?" in an accent of disappointment. " Why, I don't seem to have been with you two minutes !'j " Two hours is nearer the mark. Still, you are not leaving to- night, so I may get a chance of seeing you some time in the morning. Where are you going to sleep ? " At the village inn. I thought I should have finished my tusiness, but there is a paper to be signed before I go back, and it can't be done ti morn- ing," "Was that the business you came down about ?" ' . . " It had to do with it. My principle object was to receive a sum of money on your father's behalf from the man who has bought the Elder End farm, and he paid me to-day six thousand pounds in notes. It's a lot of money, is it not? Enough to set you and me up in life, it it only belonged to us." " 1 wish it did !" she signed. _ At this moment the skirts of my dress made a rustling among the laurels, and it had the effect of frightening them, -.inrl inducing them to go out of earshot. I therefore took the opportunity of entering the house, much puzzled in my mind as to what I had better do. would have compelled me to inform Mr. Heath of the scene I had just witnessed had not honour towards Lorna urged with equal force the necessity of keeping her secret. What should I do ? I was sorely divided in my mind. However, as I a compromise, I resolved to hold my tongue until morning, and, if I must con fess it, my smpathies were all with Lorna. There was nothing very unusual in her demeanour when we met at tea ; nothing at least, beyond a red flush that bright ened her wonderfully, and made her look quite pretty. (To be Continued .) 