ro. MAFFRA SHIRE COUNCIL. he0 . to TUnIsnDA, 1AY. 2. . In- Present :-Ors. Landy (Prosident) to Horstman, Lumb, Lees,' Crisp, Mar on tin, Riggall, and Linton. mn COaRRSPONDNOtOee to From Secretary of Lands,. stating he that the reservation for recreation pur ly poses, of land at Nicholson Oreck, d. Upper Malira, would be dealt with by of the next Local Land Board.-Re-. at ceived. e From Secretary Avon Shire, relative C to the Canadian Thistle nuisance, to the effeot that the works committe as Melsrs Thomson, Killeen, and Latham n' would not as delegates to meet those sO of the Maffra Shire when and whtero Pt they pleased.-Received. 11- From the Secretary Publio Works, to in answer to letter of 21st May, apply a. ing for a grant of £400 to assist the Maffra Shire Council in constructing the main road from Gibson and Knox's s bridge to Newry, informing the Coun it cil that the request would receive due r. consideration.-Received. to The following from the Revoy. G. H. to Cole :-Allow me to kindly draw your of attention to the unfenced and there. , fore dangerous approach to the blidge at just before you come to the Heyfield Cemetery. The other Sunday, when crossing it, my horse shied aside and ran the buggy down the embankment. a1 Hadhe got away and broken the buggy, rt it would have probably cost the Coun F cil a few pounds. My object for writ r- ing this note is to save the Council us trouble in the future regarding the °. bridge. Hoping you will receive thin ,f note in the spirit in which it is written. rI am, etc. From Margaret Riley, appealing to d the Council to remit her rates.-The request was granted. From Alex. Morison, calling atton n tion to the disgraceful state of tooe road Y at the rear of the Council cllambesi, Y alleging that it was impassalle to foot 1 pasengiers, and asking to have it e gravelled.-Received. .A petition from various ratepayers on the subject mooted bty Mr Morieon, that is, the gravelling of Queen street, which was also received. From John Macfarlane, applying for a slaughtering license at Glenmaggie. -Granted. From John Knipe, Registrar, report ing that nobody had died at Bringo long during the quarter 31st. March, f 1889. However he qualified it by any-. ing that a visitor from England had s given up the ghost.-Received. From the Secretary, fnternational I Exhibition, warning the Council that, if their oexhihit, (a red-gum log), were not removed from the building without delay, it would be placed in private h bond, at the risk and expense of such Council.--Received. From the Government Statist, re o minding the Council that the bonus is -not payable until all the returns asked t for frons the municipalities ard com plete. Tihe account would therofeorbe I retained until returns had been recei I ved from J. and G. A. Carpenter, Llour mill, RoLt. Ferguson, tancory. SReceived. From the Seeretary Board of Health suggesting the propriety of the Council making some arrangement whereby t the public could obtain disinfectants at c a price not exceeding wholesale cost and expenses of distributions, and cau tioning them against spurious deodo. rants -Received. Famo A. Hamilton, Lindenow, re questing the return of a bag of maize i forwarded to the International Exhibi tion by tL? Council, or its equivalent 1 in money Ll.-Council not responshle. I From Jolhnson Burley, Heyfield, again drawing attention to the road lhading north from Dawson railway station it being still kept closed by the railway authorities by which a number of ratepayers, including himself, were put to considerable inconvenience. Loads can be carted within 100 yards of the main road now being cleared and then stopped, because the railway department have cnt off the road and loft no outlet, and will not consent to 1 let anyone cross their land. From Thos. Stirling, Secretary Shlir of Tamho, re railway extension in Gippoland, to N.S.W. border, inform. ing the Council that the Premier would receive the deputation at half- t past 12 o'clock on Wednesday, 12th i June. From Chas. Woeightinon, complain ing that Mr Alford refuses to use the approach cut for him recently by the Council, from J. Mi. Clarke's entrance, and persists in running on the top of r the bank the whole distance, thereby cutting it up so as to makm it all but impassable. He suggested that two I or throoe posts be erected so as to stop all dray traflic. It was decided not to take any action at present. From C. F. Marshall, Seaton, com- I plaining that a selector named Golden t had fenced off the road he had cleared, a in two places. The road ranger was instructed to act or take steps to have it cleared. From James Jesseop, Tinambla, ask ing pirmission to fence in the wings of the bridige at hiis place, to prevent cattle flrom breaking into his paddock. -Engineer to sea if such did nIot in t!rforci with the watering pIece, and if not, conset to be givens. f From John RIwolings, Upper Mnffra' as follows :-Someo time ago I for- I warlled a reiquest to the I.tls OCflice, I at Sale, to have the road surveyed I along Ilcldu rsono's fence (from tlhe coreeri of the gravel rses-re slove tlhe J imusti-ring iladdloclk) tlohence aloing Ve(,:thericly's foIce sand juncitiot with a road lea Iding fromi thie Vqolsheld Cree, C past Ortls into thi tlro-chainl rosad iabove Roburts's. On enqujring the I otheor day in reference tothi mnattlir I 8 was informedl the asplication should I come from the COouncil. I haye thero- y fore forwarded the memo so that the Council may take action in the matter if they deem it advisable.-The Score taryv was instructed to apply for sur r voy. From Wm. Thomas, hon. seo. Hey field Mechanics' Institute, calling at tontion to the dangerous state of the g approaches to the Institute and Lib L.- !ary, stating they were dangerous, and t, asking that a street lamp ie erected Y in front of the building.-To he com plied with. From R, A. Burley, Hayfield, ask. a ing the Council to form and make a o footpath from the Commercial Hotel \- to the old court house, as the water a was running under the verandah, and 0 undermining the house.-No action to 0 be taken. From Thomas Kenevan, junr., Deni I son, drawing attention to the road '- from Tinamba railway station to sGib e son and Knox's bridge; and suggestingm I a box culvert about 6 feet wide by 12 a feet lemg.-Application made for sut sidy. D From W. J. Lyons, Seaton, regard ing the petition presented at the last council meeting from tour of the Seaton ratepayers, re the opening of the road into Stoney Creek. The writer stated that such a road had been open for some months, and it would be an un necessary expenditure to cut the road, l-No action to be taken at present. PETITIONS. By Cr. Martin.-From 8 ratepayers of Dawson, complaining that the road 1 leading north from the Dawson rail. way station had been cut off at the south end by the Department, and they had no outlet to the main Heyfield road, a distance of 10 chains, and ask. ing to.have a road opened connecting the above two roads.-The Secretary was instructed to carry out the ar rangement. By Cr. Martin.-From 31 ratepay ers of Heyfield and Seaton, calling at tention to the disgraceful state of the main road fromn Heyfield to Seaton, which they described as being in an unsafe state,. requiring repairing and clearing at once.-Ordered to lie on the table for one month. By Cr. Riggall.-From 10 ratepayers using the road from Seaton to Glen mnagin who called attention to the im passable state of the cutting on Cusm ming's hill through deep ruts having been cutiuito it by the heavy trafflo during the re'ent rains.--Ordered to lie on bhi table for a month. By Cr. Riggall.-From 34 ratnpay era and residents of Upper blaffra West, Glenmaggio, Tinamba, and Hey field, requesting a road to be surveyed and continued from the surveyed road at MB'Cann's corner to the main Hey. field road at or near the Hayfield cemetery ; also that the same be cleared for traflic.-On the motion of Cr. Rig gall, seconded by Cr. Martin it was re solved " That the secretary communi. cate with the district surveyor with a view of having a road surveyed from M,'Cann'e corner to the Heyfoild road near the cemetery." ENoINEER'S REPORT. Gentlemen.--I do myself the honor of presenting my usual monthly report as follows, viz, Contract 1 [ 89, forcloaring from Hunt. ting's corner, is in a forward condition, and will be cosipletod by the next couin cil mooting. Toe work of cutting down the hill between M'Quillan's and Clifford's in Bringolong, has hoesen completed, at has also-the forming of the road to the rail way gatts, at htaffra. Owing to the ro ceut heavy rains contract 3 1 89 for clear ing and forming on the road from Valon cia Creek to the choose factory, Briagoe long, has not yet boon completed, somne portion ol the road being under water. The contract for gravelling Derham's Hill at Hoyfiold is finished, and the cutting of an approach to Messrs Clark and Al. 1 ford's properties has been made, andl afterwards gravelled as instructed, but the now approach does not seem to be made use of. The contract for erect ing two culverts on the two chain road loading from the Avon river to L. Wuille. min's has been completed all but the painting, and th cloearing between Daw son railway station and the Soaton to Cowwar road is well forward. The road t between Suwoll's corner and Soaton has j been cleared of all fallen timober, and as t instructed I have had the road at the crooeek near the Newry saw mills repaired at a cost of £6. O'Connor'acutting : On examining this cutting I found it unsafe t for dray trifficiand accn oidont nay occur r there at ally time ; the cutting was made o in the first instance with too stoop a grade and required carrying out about two chains and the siles require dressing and widen ing, and the approachlat the foot of the hill should be mado up of the ,material I excavatoed ; this would make a good work- c ing grade. As instructed I inspected the r road londing froml Bringolong 5o Stratford and Mlafra via Hamlilton's, and found that between MIr. Freemasn's two paddocks there were two bad placee impassable for loaded drays ; these would require form ing ndgravellieg. There were also to water courses, one between Froonta''sa and Mlitchell's, and tlhe other betwtun v Froolomn's and llhailton's paddocks; I those would require cuttings or culverts, and a few chales of eolaring would be necessary to make the road lit for traffle. The probable cost would be from; £75 to I £100. I have the honor to he, Gontlemoen, Your obedient servant, u Gnsonoe TuOH. JoNe.s, Shire Engineer. PAYMaNTS. T'he following accounts were passertl for paymmit :--G. Stockdule LI; E.. O'Cennor, L78 ]Iis; It. fIUnthisson, L34 Gs; J. Burley, L30; W. Blncklow, L5 12s;J. Longmore, L120 ;C. Aomoy L20; 0. T. Marshall, Llli; 0, M'Bride L4 7s d d; Liston andtl Carr, L10 8 8d; i J. Evans, L2; road repairs W.R., L4 ]Is; do., O.R., LO 2s 6d; do. E.R. g L8 8a ld; oilice cleanling, etc., L3 10 l G. T. Jones, L25 J. Frelnch, I12 10;s SSiootatttor," L8 1es ld; W. H. Brown, L2 10; IH. Ctuipbell, L8 L i e 8d;J. Finndh, (colhhcting statisticrs), LO 15s; petty cashl (socrceary), LB ;A M'Lenann, LI 4s; putty tash (rate col. lector) Ll; presidlimtjs allo irnco, tL6 l15bs travelling okpesinoH,>L32 I lei;W. M,Cole, L: Contract 8 1 89. Clieris, ` trfr<lo. "maggie Township to this Hiyliuld turn-lfl Road.-A. EIuIlot. R44, £44.) r, . Contri~ct' 9 1li8; i(lrasllioig ahmio (00 chains of Oind; liadiling fro?'uu n ailton's to Stratfurd.-Potpeoudtill mouru0 uit able weatlier. tOTiO'S Moved by Or. Iluratmon, ,oe?ondrbi by Cr. Lees, "T'hat te!i'engiiteor'iide a survey of tIh,. proptsid rfeserve l . theo Falls, Niclilonit, Cr'k-i?of.i 2(t acros; also a two:chaiit?ar d d, ?? te iO ti cing at helo three-cliuint road;, tli:t,, running west between allot:;K K i 2&tiio; praposd reserve,.willt a" view iliu illt district surveyor may boit abli, to.?so the land required for tihe abtov risoirvo when inspecting the smni,"-Chrsiitr: Moved iy Cr. LaTnIy, cscood,,di iby; Cr. Horstiman, " That this council'tol - ders to A. Mlarris, E.q, M.LA. A thir sin.eore and heartiest thanks fr. his uniform courte.y and valuablo suplprt. to all business in connection with thinl shire, and takes this opportunity of exl pressing thelir high ppreriatioo of his past services, and wishing him eovry success in his present posttii n as mrm Ier for Gipplund Central."-Ca vied unonimoils'., Moved I y O-. Rig mFl, eecr.ndvd by Or. Martin, " That he polling plan e at Donnelly's Creck o abolishd, and one a Seats substituted in its place." -Carried. Moved by Or Lintoen, ocond,,d by Or. Orisp. "That clause 1 in bye-'aw No 1, oh ch relates to the dest uctiit of timber on roads under the manage. ment of the Council be amended as follows:--Th.t no person shall wil fully and without the authority of the Council cut, break, bark, root up, or otherwise destroy, damage or remove the whole or any part of any sapling, tree, shrub, underwood or timber green or dead, standing in or upon any street road, or place under the management of the Council."-Carried. Moved by Cr. Horsttman, seconded by Cr. Riggall, '" That inl the opinion of this Council the time has arrived that all the shires of Victoria who are on the lowest scale of shire sne:sidy (at the present time the amount payable does not equal pound for pound), take united action with a view of obtaining such an increased annual subsidy to all the shires who are on the lower as:lo, so as to pay two pounds for one locally collected, or as near to the above amount as possible.- That the neere tary be instructed to have circula-s printed, and send one to each of the above shires in the colony, with a re quest to send delegates to attend a conference to be held in the Town Hall Melbourne, on Tuo'day, the 9th cf July next, at 11 p.m., to take the above business into consideration, and form a deputation on the following day to wait upon the Treasurer, The Hen. Duncan Gillies, with a request that the annual endowment to shires be in: creased to such an amount as tsmay be agreed upon at the conference."-Car ried. \- Moved by Or: Linton, seconded by Cr Landy, "That the president and Cr. Lamb interview ?,r Freenan in reference to tihe works necessary near Iris property."-Carried. 