THE TOONGABBIE ELECTION. (To the Editor of the Farmer's Journal.) Sir,—In your last issue a Glengarry braggart must needs express his (small boy) ideal of what he calls the " grea < race," trusting to be good friends. Yep, he is likely to have many friends after ripping at them until his spleen has revealed the two-faced monster behinl mask. Jubilant over our old member's return. Ha, ha 1 Let's see, he went to the poU on the 8th for the first time with this result. In his own neighborhood, with a numerous family to swell bis votes, he polled 45 against his opponent's|73 ; is that anything to be jubilant over ? Then at Cowwar, where his oldest friends and the associates of his younger days reside. Ha, yes, I see 31, including his own and several friends from a distance, leaving about 20 Cowwar votes for your old member against his opponent's 74. That's thing to be jufeilant over. Now, to come back. Glengarry polled 100 for Publican, that is 47 more than recorded last election for your present Glengarry representative. Is that a thing-to be jubilant . over 1 And your boasted majority of 3, how about that i Shame on any resident in Glengarry who will crow over the defeat of one to whom we owe a deep debt of gratitude for the time and energy he expended in oar early lggles. Does not nearly every resident here say they voted for Publican^ not because he is the best man, but because he signed a petition and pledged fiîmnelf to annex us to Traralgon? Is that a thing to be jubilant over ! Then those many scribes your oppa i- tion had at work. Ha, ha ! What about the columns upon columns of garbish free of cost in the Journal, written by Publican's scribes. How about the apostle of temperance, and his exhortations to his followers to support Publican. Has that scribe one spark of manhood, has his epistle the ring of true metal? Ho, Publican is like Caes r's wife, " above suspicion." Noble fellow, he would not raise rates on struggling ratepayers. Not he. Long may you be honoured with the friendship of such a benefactor, especially in the fight you prophesy the town ÎB soon to be plunged into. May it be congenial to your tastes.. But hold, thou art bat a ghost—a shadow. Avannt ! and quit my sight, thy boneB are marrowless. Pardon, Mr Editor. Yours truly, PRO BONO PUBLICO. The election being over, this correspond» ence must cease with the above reply* —Ed. F J. 