DR. FLETCHER'S LOVE STORY. BY FRANCIS ADAMS. PART II.— CHAPTER II. It was soon clear to me that the end was close at hand. My mother spoke but little from this time onward. Margaret's nursing was admirable. Nothing could have been better ; and yet I fancied from the look that came over my mother's face when she first saw who was tending on her, that she felt some repulsion to her. The unhappy memories conjured up were enough to explain this, and perhaps I should at all costs have prepared her for the appearance of Margaret there. On the other hand the return to consciousness was rather sudden, and Margaret came right in upon it. This, was followed by a relapse, from which the efforts of my colleague and myself were quite unable to rouse her. Then, suddenly, again, at about breakfast timo she recovered herself, sat up nnd sent Margaret for me. I enme, and at a gesture from her, Margaret withdrew. The bed way Wy the open window looking out over the creeper- covered verandah into the garden and the dis tant harbor. The sunlight caine in by the two folds of the open glass door at the foot of the bed. My mother wr 3 quite calm, beauti fully serene, though very weak. I sat beside her and alio took my hand. " I am going, my boy," she said, " I am going now. I am happy enough. Only one thing troubles mc. Who did it ? who killed her ? I shall know in another home ; but you here 011 earth, my poor boy, you here on earth ? Find out; punish — punish. . . . That's alL" She made as if to kiss me. I bent my cheek to her and she kissed it. Her eyes were half closed, and I cannot tell when the . last breath came. Presently I got up and went and stood in the sunlight, leaning against the side of the door way and thought of her. I recalled her Inst words, but attached little or 110 meaning to them. Then I turned and looked at licr again before I went away to my study to sit and think. Whon I returned to the room I found Margaret there. Everything was done well. My mother lay back on the smoothed bed, her hands crossed on her breast holding a bunch of flowers. The room wa3 cleared and in order, yet with just that delicate charm tiiat she so loved. Right through that trouble Margaret was thoughtful and kind beyond expression. She managed everything in the house. Sometimos I talked with her and always with comfort and even pleasure. Once I even thought of asking her to make a part of my lonely meals, though the proposal seemed itranie to me when I came to consider 'it. .She filled the gap left in tl>. home 111 a way I would have thought impo-iiiiP e sometimes simkc together of inv mothjr anil of Marion and her perfect appreciation oc them was comforting and delightful to me On one occasion I mentioned to her certnin circum stances in connection with some of mv work- outside the house, and her intelligence supplied tvith regard to the management of tho difficulty. Thus I was cowardly enou-li to postpone again and again the settlement 0? Im position in the house, fearing that it meant her loss, until at Inst . I felt that; in common justice to her this could not oontinue, and one evening requesting her to -follow nie, broached the subject to her in the - study. I asked her if she still wished to take upl nursing, or if she would care to retain tho position of housekeeper in my house ? - She rephed tlmt she would V very pleased to remain where she was if I sure that sho was of service to me here. I said that I was' sure. And she added that, if on certain oocasions I. required her ns a nurse she would be perfectly ready tb uudertake it. ''rid, was exactly wluit.I should have wished, ami I thanked her cordially and proposed what seemed to mc suitable terms, which she accepted, after submitting her delicptc protest . against thrir supposed over liberal nature to be overruled About this time I learned incidentally that poor little Willy had been sent'to'a' boarding school and that Captain Field had married again. colleague at the hospital '.informed me of the fact, and I10 also told mc something about tho lady, who .was a Mrs. Millie, the widow of 011a of the pnrtnei-3 in the firm of Johnstone and Miine, the printers and booksellers. Thii somewhat surprised me as I had never met or even heard of her at Lauderdale. One morning on my arrival at the hospital I found among my patients as a new arrival a young man who had received what I could not doubt were two shot wounds. He had been picked up somewhere the night before by sorn--- kind stranger, who had had him conveyed to the hospital and left him there. The wound, were not in reality serious, but -he had lost a great dan! of blood and was very weak. He had been struck on one of. tho ribs 011 the left side and the bullet had glanced off into his arm, passing through the flesh only. Another bullet had. gone through the mm 011 the other side, abrading the bone. : He 'gave his name as David Stuart and certified that lie had been shot at by a man who had attempted to rob him 011" tin- cliffs by Bondi, and whom lie had attacked. I took a liking to him, and several little scraps of conversation that I liad "with him not only in terested hut piqned and attracted mc to him. When he left the hospital I asked him to come to sec mc, any evening before eight, nnd presently he took me at my word, and we drank tea together and had a very pleasant talk. The attraction to one another seemed mutnnl, and when in a little I found tlint ho had made up his mind to stay in Sydney, at least for a time, and take up his press-nut there, I went so far ns to ask him if he -would care to take up 'his abode with me. Wo -readily arranged matters, and I congra tulated' myself on having procured as my friend and in some sort companion one of the nice?t nien I had ever met. . - \- ; CllAlTEK III. : I did, not for a moment think that Stuart'., stay with rne would be; permanent. There wa< something essentially restless and nomadic about him. His luiture wnsa mostsingular admixture of calm and nervous force. Ordinarily so quiet, with so limpid and soothing a personal influence, there was Intent ' in him, I found, a distinctly higlr strung element I suppose it is much tho samo with myself. And yet lie supplemented mo in n manner that showed mc beyond a doubt how great a part dissimilarity jiiays in mutual attraction. To, him nothing seemed decided. He would admit of nothing - as being proved beyond question... His great idea was analysis. Everything, ho used .to say, will sooner or later bp' broken up into, its component parts. What is genius? The unanalysed ! What is love? The .lujaualysed ! So soon, as pur powers of analysis are commensurate with these phe nomena tliey will lose - tlicir- chief influence on us. : His talk was very animating and helpful to mc. Aud I now, I find, applied ideas to my own experience nnd knowledge which I should never nave dreamed of doiug 011 my own ac count.. I will confess that many beliefs, aud some of them really cherished beliefs, which I had. held, as Stuart iiscd to say, in solution - were now i>rccipitate nnd made manifest ill their true untenable shapes. For a long time, however, I shirked discussing with him in any direct manner the two strongest faoton in my 'past spiritual . life— my love for my mother and , my love for Marion. But one evening after dinner, chatting together in the study,' an hour of complete expansion .came to both of us. He,; no less than I, had a lore stoi-y, and. an. amazing. one it was. Tho woman he,,' lind 'loved was, it appeared, ths notorious Madeline Brown, the Melbourne actress who was mysteriously murdered not so mnny months ago. ,1 coulu not refrain from expressing a oertain . sense of repulsion which I had to her as a type. I had never met her, hut I had heard things about her which, together with what I had read in tho 'nowspapors, led me to look upon her ns nothing much moro than a loose woman. The tale he told was from a totally different point of view. To him she was nn incarnntion of beauty with a certain clement of genins nnd passion. His justification of her immorality I could not agree to, but his con tention that she was iu no wi30 common or coarse seemed to me, ns his terrible narratiro proceeded, at least feasible. At first I could scarcely credit the rCls taken in it all by Canon" Hildyard, the well known Melbourne preacher, until I grasped the explanation of tho murderous vengeance worked out on him as 0:1 hor by her husband, nnd Stuart's patient and skilful tracking out of the murderer, ending 1:1 that weird duel under the cliffs in Bondi. Thus, too, I had mado clear to me the real significance of those shot wounds. " It would seem," said Stuart, ending, " al if every one took tho view of her taken by those two brute beasts who destroyed licr and them selves. I knew and loved and reverenced a side iu her which transfigures all she did with beauty and purity. I could never have rested— I could never have ceased striving until I had run to earth these two devils who would liavo dragged her down into their own venomous degradation. Then came a pause, and, by some correlation ot thought or ideas which escaped me, I suddenly saw myself in the next room, sitting on the bed side, gazing at my mother as she took my hand. I heard her words again ; I hoard the very sound of them : — I am happy enough- Only one thing troubles me. 11'Ao did it , killed her I I shall know in another hour ; yon here on earth — my poor toy, you here on earth, find out. Punish 1 Punish I . I got up in extreme agitation and began pat- ing the room. Those words were sounding thero in my ears liko a shrill, clear tune, hurnm0 across my bruin like letters of white hg'»- How strange that tlioy had never stritok me u tliis way before. I could not comprehend it. a kceu desire to tell all this to him— to Stuart— to my friend — to him who had aroused ail taes new feelings in mo — took possession of me. was almost liko n confession. I seemed to na neglected my duty. I ought to suffer n sovc penance. . . "Liston,"I said, sitting down and covering my faoo with my hinds for a few moments w gather my thoughts, "listen. I want to tell you WHe wasg« gentle and soothing to mo. He '""Vonaro "going to tell me about Miss Turner> he said. _/' I know about it. I heard Just " 'STeakl, "as I heard and read about Wft.li.line Brown, and what worth was that ? It U something quite different that I want to tell "Tcll'on," he said. Then I began and stretched out the events that had led up to that strange and terrible «e no of suicide in death. Tho fascination, tho verv secret power of his own analysis was on me I faced it all, as I had novcr faced it be fore I laid hare every fact. I turned a pierc ing vision into the words and acts of all of us concerned in this drama. I unravelled the tingled threads. A sort of frenzy had seized on me I felt like a blood hound that had lit -on lie' scent and snuffed up the flavor of blood drops trickling from the wounded fugitive. As I finished, and we two sat there, staring one another in the ghastly light of the gutter ing caudle and of tho early dawn, the two keen white faces, the same thought had hold of us both. I knew it, and ho knew it, and each knew the other knew it. I broke the silence witli a great effort. "Did you," I said, "ever think of it bo- Yes," ho said, "I did." "To me," I answered, "it has como like a revelation. Can it bo true ! The motive, what is the motive ?"' ,,,,,, "That woman," lie answerod Blowly, loves you. I do not think that she would stick at anything. .She believes profoundly in this life. She is perfect of licr kind. She excites my admiration." " But," I said, "justice 1 To punish — to punish, how shall I do that?" "Wait," he answered, "and watch." Chapter IV. The idea that had now como into my mind op pressed mo dreadfully. I could get 110 sleep. It amazed me to sco how unchanged Stuart's manner was to Margaret. For me the sight of her was uneiidurable. From the first lie mid she had got on well together. They were simple and cordial to one another. It dill not strikc'mo before, but she had accepted his ar rival in tho house and the inevitably great sub ordination of herself which it entailed ill a very admirable manner. Now I shunned her as much as I could, nnd when one morning at breakfast Stuart told 1110 that he would have to go to Mel bourne for a week or more on business, I felt almost cowardly enough to entreat him not to leave me alono with her. However, I over came that, and we parted with two firm hand clasps at tho railway station, witero I drove with him in the cab. "Wo had not said a word about the great matter since that night. Perplexity and doubt had been upon me as well as the op pression of horror and revenge. I felt miserably shattered and tormented. A presentiment of evil and misfortune was upon me. I had a professional visit to attond to in the town that afternoon ; but I felt I could not at tend to it. I took a tram, and walked from tho terminus mournfully home. I came in by the tide entrance up to tho house, and sat down in the study and tried to read. I could not. I got up and went out into tho balcony, Etanding irresolutely considering ; and then, urged by what impulse I know not, stepped down into tho grass and began examining the bed of flowers under the verandah. My study was theroonibehind what used tobe my mother s bedroom and which was now Margaret's. As I moved along, half thinking to myself, half examining the plants, I camo opposite the open window, and was aware of tho sound of two voices. Ono was Margaret's ; the other startled mo j it was so strange nnd yet so familiar. I stopped short. The verandah all along this side was covered with a creeper. Margaret came close by the window ; I could see her dress at the left sido of it. Tho other person was right in the corner, hedged in by tho bed nnd the two walls. Before 1 knew it I was in tho midst of their talk. " IViU you speak lower?" said Margaret sternly. " No," said the other, "I won't, I won't, I wont ! You're false ; you know you're falso ! Keep away from me !" I suddenly recognised tho voice. It was "Willy's. "Will you bo obedient ?" said Margaret, as sternly but more imperiously than before. "Keep away !" cried Willy, "You're false. You've deceived me. You have got him for yourself. Ho knows nothing of mo at nil. You're lying. I've learned all about it. But you shan't do it. I won't let you. Ho belongs tome. I did it." "Willy, "said Margaret with a swift change to gentleness, "you nro wrong. Dear, doar child, you aro wrong." " I am not wrong. I did it. I killed her, and yon arc going to get him. I know quite well you want him. I can see it in your eyes, you false thing !" Everything went backwards as I heard Margaret saying : "Hush, hush, dear. Doar Willy, dear Willy » I nearly fell over. Then, liko a man in one of those horrible dreams that aro worso than night mares, I went along tho verandah to tho steps opposito the glass doors, an I mounted. One of the doois was open, and, ti3 I onterod it, I stood face to fnco with Margaret. I realised vaguely that Willy was oloso behind her. Margaret and I stared at ono another liko two ghosts. Then she smiled in a horrible way, and attcr an effort, said : "Willy is hero, Doctor Fletcher ; she has come to sec you." There was a long ailcnco and then I paid : "I heard. " Jfjjjfarot raised her eyebrows a little. « hat did you hear ?" AIL " 'Tho child is not right in her mind. She has ifte""1 tllat that ..." (|That she killed her sister?" " saifl Willy suddenly, " no, no 1" oho came forward bosido and a little in front Margaret. I stood facing them both. „ t understand, " I said, " it is all clear to mo -You," I went on to Willy, " took some pouon from one of tho jars in the laboratory. :.s tSJ?orl)h'a muriate. Who told you to talto .ft!) "0 told you to tako morphia muriate, hour much to tako ? Answer!" I caught eyes wrists, looking directly into licr nit?, Pu?.l' od> nmt began working her lips pitcousiy liko a child, half crying. 1 it wasn't mo. " alio said, " it wasn't me. It was Margaret told mo." wltK ,?„1.'(>'c. at afternoon when you camo with £» ! ,er; ttnd wont ut into tho garden t»udv tftMn? you loking at a book 011 tho t.udy tablot You went back and took it?" T tun. . sa'1'1 and began whimpering. h»r a YttkJ mj' ll0l< U llor wrist® on<i shook did you give it her?" ISO iniiMi chocolate. Margaret gave it 11? paper." " Yes " Ur drank it?" cap ? DU sho drluk ik aU ' " She drank it all. It was only a little." " And what did you do then?" Her eyes wandered from mine, then came back to mine again, and she burst into a fit of laughter. I held her for a few moments and then lot her go. Sho was mad. Sho bogan to Bing in snatohos, and staro about as animals do after flics in a room or cage. I turned to Mar garet. Wo looked at one another. I did not know what to say. , "She is quite mad now," sho said at last ; sho has run away from school. I saw how Bhe was tho momont sho came in." "You aro a murderess," I said. From pale she turned to lurid as sho ans wered in a low, suppressed voico : " You wrong me, Dr. Fletcher." " One thing alone astounds me," I said ; your motive. Why did you kill her ?" "I did not kill her." "Havo her killed, then. It is llio same thing. " "Do yon credit this half-witted thing?" She glanced aside at Willy, who. was now squatted on tlic floor making hideous faces, slobbering herself, anil added, " This drivelling lunatic?" " I do," I said. "Why," sho answered, "yon know quite well that what she says is not trne. Sho said a moment ago that hor sister drank all the cho colate. The cup was found half full." " Why don't you remind me that it was also analysed and found pure ?" " It was." " Yon yourself washed out that cup -as sho lay unconscious in convulsions, and filled it again half full from the chocolate pot ?" " There was no chocolate pot. The chocolate was always made in the cup by pouring boiling water into it. You are wrong, Doctor Fletcher. I am innocent altogether." "Tell me," I said, " would you marry me ? If I were to tell you that I loved you, and de sired yon for my wife, would you marry me ?" " I would not. I respect and esteem you, Doctor Fletcher, but I would not marry you." "You mean if I believed yon guilty of this? But if I believed you were innocent?" She shook her head. " No, not then," sho said, "never !" "Yon have used that poor child's sick fancy forme," I said, " to work her sister's death. It is diabolical. But what did you want ?" " I never did this ! I am quite innocent of it ! If Willy poisoned her sister in a mad fit of jealousy, hoping that yoii might love her anil marry her some day, I am not responsible for it." " But you know of it ?" "I will not deny that." "And yet you held your tongue?" " I could do no good by speaking. She was not responsible for her actions. She has been mad before — as bad as this." And she glanced at the poor creature moaning and scratching herself on the floor liko a monkey. " If I can bring this home to yon," I said, "I will." She turned her face away ; then, looking at mo suddenly with a look of the most astonishing affection, said : "I lovodyou; yes, I loved yon, and some day you may do me justice, for I would have been your slavo and been thankful. Some day you may do me justice." She bowed her head slightly, nnd went out, leaving mo alone with Willy, and tho dreadful close of tho lovo story of my life. The End. 