EXTRAORDINARY DOINGS OF SPIRITUALISTS. A STRANGE STORY. An inquiry, ordered by the Lord Chancellor, was opened in London on Monday, 3rd December, to investigate the alleged lunacy of Major Samuel Richard John Owen, late of the Indian Army. The petitioners were Mr. Samuel Walsh Owen and Mr. Leopold Henry Owen, Boas of the alleged lunatic, for whom Mr. George Candy, Q.C., and Mr. Stroud appeared. Major Owen, who occupied a seat by tho side of the Master, was represented by Mr. Finlay, Q.C., M.P., and Mr. Upjohn. He was described as formerly residing at Mount Sion, Ventnor, Isle of Wight, and also at Flanders-road, Chiswick. Mr. Candy, in opening the case for the petitioners, said Major Owen served with distinction in the Indian Army during the Mutiny. On returning he went to Ventnor to live. The facts which he should more especially bring to the notice of the jury arose principally out of the relationship that had subsisted during the past two years between the Major and a young lady named Mary Marley, whose maiden name was Mary Johnson. Subsequent to that introduction, the Major seemed to have taken to the study' of spiritualistic literature, and there was no doubt that at present he was firmly convinced that he was constantly in communication with the unseen world, his theory of life being that he must obey the be- lists of persons who were neither tangible not visible to mortal hands or eyes. Every action of his life was governed accordingly, even to the most trivial points. In the house at Vent- nor called Mount Sion there was one room fitted up in a most gorgeous way, and was described as "The holy of holds," and into which profane persons were not allowed to enter, but where the most serious com- munications took place between the super- natural and those persons who were allowed by the Major to be present. Mary Johnson, the niece of Mr. John J?. Collingwood, married a young man named Frank Marley in the latter part of 1886, and the honeymoon, remarkable to say, was spent by the husband and wife with the respondent. Afterwards Major Owen took Mrs. Marley abroad. A rONSY DELUSION. Shortly after the marriage Mr. and Mrs. Marley ceased to live together as husband and wife, but on the 29th August following Mrs. Marley was confined of a female child in the chamber of the body of horses, and counsel read a long and extraordinary letter which the respondent wrote Mr. Collingwood, describing certain circumstances attending the confine- ment, and in which he explained that he wrote in order that information might come direct from him in the first instance, " as secrets slip like water if these concern your mother, wife, or daughter." (Laughter.) He described the confinement as an abnormal one, and in a postscript said, " Mr. Gladstone had dirty work to do yet, and dirty hands must do it." (Laughter.) Although Mrs. Marley believed she was a virgin, the fact remained that she was delivered of a female child, and Major Owen was under the belief that the child was miraculously and imma- culate conceived, and expressed great disappointment at the box of the child, ache I thought it would have represented the second person of the Trinity. Eight days prior to the I birth of the child it was supposed that a prince was born in the upper chamber, and that it was taken up to heaven by the Major's deceased wife. The Major thought he was in constant communication with the angels, that Mrs. Frank Marley was an angel, and had told his son that on receiving a mandate to the effect he would sacrifice him in the same way as Abraham did Isaac. On another occasion the Major bought a picture at an auction for £8 10s., and had to take it home to ascertain the subject. He bought it because of a supernatural communication, and the subject turned out to ho Melchizedek. Counsel contended that Major Owen was incapable of managing his affairs, and called evidence in support of his statement, including Mr. Collingwood, of 96 Great Portland-street, who had been associated with Major Owen at the Anthropological Society. Mrs. Mary Miller, the nurse who attended Mrs. Marley in her confinement, said Major Owen described the birth as, a miraculous one, but witness said she could see nothing miraculous. The Major told witness she did not understand things-that Mrs. Marley was an 5' angel woman." (Laughter.) The Major put his hands on Mrs. Marley and called her his darling. _ Mrs. Marley asked the Major if he thought it was possible for him to have a baby. He replied, "Quite possible." Witness said, " If you do, I will curse you myself and keep myself into the bargain." (Loud laughter.) Major Owen said, '. Don't make rash pro- mises." he had also told her that Mrs. Marley could see things and call upon the spirit of his mother. He also said that a vase in the room moved at such times. He told boy he had been to the Holy Land, had seen the serpent with the bruised head, and he showed her a dove's feather which he had taken from the "Crown of Thorns." (Laughter.) Questioned by Mr. Pinky, witness said the feather came from Mount Calvary. She thought the Major had got in a two loose." The inquiry was eventually adjourned. The inquiry was continued at Lincoln's Inn on Tuesday, Further evidence on behalf of the petitioners was called. Dr. J. M. William, bon, practising at Ventnor, said on the 29th of August, 1887, he attended Mrs. Frank Marley in her confinement. There were two others in the room besides the nurse, the patient, and himself. To this he objected, but all remained, including the respondent. It was an ordiiiaryeonfinornent. There was nothing unnatural" in it. Mrs. Sarah Sophia Owen, the wife of one of the petitioners, and residing at Chiswick, said the Major and Mrs. Marley came on a visit to them in June of this year and stayed with them three weeks. During that time she had frequent conversations with the respondent, during which she was told that eight days prior to the confinement of Mrs. Marley a little prince was born, and that it was taken up to heaven by the Major, and delivered up to the care of its mother, who for quently appeared to the Major. The Major also said he saw this little prince and Mrs. Marley's baby lying together in the same cradle. The respondent assorted he had communication with above through mediums. The 23rd of August the witness was told was the anniversary of the birth of the " Golden Prince." On that day they were all taken up into the room called the holy of holies" namely, Mrs. Frank Marley, Miss Marley, Miss Harrison, and herself. All except the witness had white dresses on. On going into the "noLY op morals," she saw the Major dressed in a hat with a white feather in it, and a long white garment trimmed with gold. The females wore white voile. Mrs. Frank Marley's baby was brought in and placed in the midst of them, and they were subsequently told thatifcwnstryiiigtospeal: to them, and that the Little Pilgrim IMnco was in it. They all knelt down, as they were told they were in the presence of God. Major Owen was present at the time. On another occasion, when the witness was in Major Owen's room looking over some books, the Major complained of feelingly. She did not see him again uutilnoxt morning, when he seemed very poorly. He was in bed, and he told her that his spirit had left the body, and that it was now only gradually coming back to it. Mrs. Hurley came in, and, addressing him, said, "You have been gallivanting again." " Oh," said he, "where have I been!" "China," she replied, "hole dug them with their political matters." (Laughter.) Several medical gentlemen were next called to speak to the mental condition of the respondent. The evidence for the petitioners having been concluded, Major Owen was called and examined by Mr. Finlay. He said he took up the study of spiritualism in 1871\. He had also been engaged with Sergeant Cox in spiritualistic investigation. From the investigations he had made, he himself did not believe in spiritualism, and never had, nor said he had, any personal communication with spirits. Questioned about the room called the " holy of holies," the respondent said he never called it that name. That was only what Mrs. Marley called it. It was simply a room set apart for religious purposes. He denied the truth of the evidence for the petitioners generally, saying he was wholly irresponsible for the statements attributed to him. The allegations against him were only twistings of what he had said referring to the spirit of the Holy Ghost. Eventually the case was adjourned until next day. The inquiry was resumed on Wednesday. Mr. Frank G. Cox, accountant, Gloucester, and Mr. Francis Freeman, retired tradesman, residing at Ventnor, who had had business dealings with the Major, never noticed anything extraordinary either in his conversation of conduct. Mr. Frank Marley said he was in business at Newport, but visited Ventnor weekly. There was not the slightest ground for the suggestion that Mrs. Marley and Major Owen were unduly intimate. Witness was married at a registry office in London. Major Owen stayed at the same place so they did, but witness did not consider that he accompanied them. He know his wife was, a spiritualistic medium before their marriage. The jury by a majority of twelve against eleven, found Major Owen was of sound mind. 