NERVOUS EXHAUSTION. The circumstances of advancing civilisation are transferring the combat moroe and more from. tihe field of physical pre- emoinenee and'opero-' tions to that of. mental.' Tho itluiremontes of life are becoming altered more and moro year " by year.. Tho new state will elimin:ite some, und, as it were, elect certain forits ervice. 'The strain is comingnmd being felt keenly by not a few. What are the headaches, the palpitations of the heart, the hyIdra-headl forms of. dysrpesia, the i neurlgine, the wasted bodlis omtld anxious, worn feces of which myriads' of our: people complain but the story of htlrdenls, alas, too heavy for many toh bear. Now, it may, be: laid down as almost a self-evident truth that those who - icive little heed to pihyincl culture, be their development of brain what it may, must sooner or Inter secceani in the race. Men. are rc quirne with acuteness, deliberation. p rloso, asd with brains iregennt with originality: bat all this is but of passing moment if not accomnlpdi with " staying prowers," which mean superlative nutritivo futnctiens in the system sometime, somewhere. - \- An unfortunate sign of tie times, perhlmps, is the. round of praise und recommendation for. think the ncriynt need of the- hour is for some - ohing meo eindmost mdigestible. r'.A in Jig mn?"i goes to his doctor for a peculiar bricg'ei siik=to' ing feeling in the pit of lhi stomicIh; coining l?tl, o cosple of hours after cach meal. Is the nee r hero for something moro e digestible O nt; necessarily so, any more thei the cosevrsc. If the sytnpt tpo s disappear with the eatitg of a,' little food. and are not relioved with Aodll,h the condition points to souaetlia mo st un natural itn nthe nervous aachinery .of the stomachl, for the feelie, is not the natural sign of honger in a helthly an. end this patientl to the coutry-. elmnloe his tmode of. lifo, eie huim rest, anti the bad symptoms will' Ioon allt ! Thile trouhle was nervous ex hauestion, though but of mild degree. The mal writinig at his novel far into tle hoursof tie ninht may, its we read in ttrlrr's. ilregier of Witlkio Collies, havoea femalo ghost follow hirn to bed, and bite it piece out of ltis eamule ir as li enters tile bedroom. Mr. Christie 'Murray once wrote thirty-six cot. ecutie elchapters in llthirt.slx consecutive days, sind then lie naw t lalberttier with as axe. who apltpeared tehind ant threatened hiha. All thles is nervous exhaustion of ant utoldubted type, iand what in needelcd meost is the eliefest of all restorers-resft. A terseon coies to tihe Ithysician with pain in the hack of the head, dtull tnd Iheavy. W?ltit is it ? Only weaknee--nothintg smore lRost will put it all to rights. Students, as e cliss, are prone to palplittation of tile hIeart. Is the trouble organtic? It is aitpldy templorary-, anl duo to a ilervoas system exhausted?, sntiant tng reet. 1st all thlis class of casee drugs cart do buit little good. Thley nayameliorato theseynlltontlr bitt catnnot comspensate for wanit off reslh air ,ai1 rest, the indtislpensablo reqlliito s to It 'healthy bIlood; iINld what, ats ]Lotllerg esays, i tahn bt "thle iprayer of i stereo for helaltlhy hlood t" Oilis a great alleviator of paint, but itl excess mtV octscon ta troiblesomo fonrt of dyspepsia. 'rite Aintipyrin Tabloidls alppelar to exert it benefcill tandt curative aiction in painful aiffections, end sometimes eradicate tile trouble.. A little. ntx vontica in useful to stout posple unidergoilg sevrere nervous stntil, and those aitlicted with dystoeptin, A proper dose of litshoil's Gratular fltervescent Extract of N.x?. Voluica in water nnswers well. In the itdiges tiont oceasioned by starchy food, Extract of Malt (Keipler) will work efliciently.-JillAd, London. " 