A SHOCKING ACCIDENT. A sael fatality took place at Mulgrove early on lost Wednesday morning (the Melbourne Telegraph states), which Ins castejuito n gloom over tho dis trict. It makes one more on the long list of acci dental deaths by the oareless handling of firearms. The victim in this instance was a young man named James Newport, nged 19, son of Mr. Charles New port, who carries on a slaughtering establishment at Clayton's road, in tho Oak]eip,h district. It appears that the family had of late been torribly annoyed by tho depredations caussd by a hawk prowling about Iho plaoo and after young Newport had finished his breakfast ho went out. armed with a gun with which to shoot the bird. As the occupants of the house hoard two or three reports of a gun going off they went about their sovend avocations, little dreaming of what had happened so near to their own door. Time passed away, but as Iho young man failed to make his appearance his sister wont out tn look for him. She had not proceeded far when she came ucross the lifeless remains of her brother just under thn fence, fie had, in his endeavours to got near enough to tho bird, incautiously attempted to pass under a fence, when the gun must have caught on the furze, and thus lodged the whole of its contents right in his jaw, Dl.sAPi'E.utA.vcrc ov an E.vpi.oykk. — We learn from the Mcltmtrnc Telegraph that, the detectives have received infonmtion of the alleged disappear ance of Henry M'lntosb, an employee of Messrs. John Kauderson it Co., shipping and financial agents, corner of William and Little Collins-street, City. The 'amount, named in (be warrant which has been issued for M'lntosh's arrest is £20. but tlm total will be a good deal more, although not very large. M'lnlosh, who lived in the western part of the City, disappeared from, the ollice on Friday last, and the eletcetives are in pursuit of him, but havo not yet. found any trace of him. ITc: occupied the position of cashier, and had been in the employ of the firm for about !l or 10 years. Si'i in rs AT Adknoni;. — In reference to the above the correspondent nf the Adelmig Argus writes ns fol lows : — 'Hint there are more things iu heaven and earth tl-in ore dreamt nf in our philosophy lias been fully bo'ne out by the events of the past few days. I think rone will deny this afl,er I state, ns given to mo by reputable eye-witnesses to the fuels : — Mr. John Stanton, a selector, resides with his family about five miles from here, on the Main Adelong. On Monday night, the 2'itU of August, about S o'clock, the family were mueti alarmed by stones, dirt. &e..; being shown 'd on their residences by some unseen and ui'iieoi liable agency, and strange to say this most mysterio is state of tilings was con (?'?mecl until the following Sunday morning, when Jlr. Stanfou thought it desirable to take bis daugh ter, a girl about II years old, to the residence of Jlr. IT. Cottnm, a neighbour living about three miles away. It is sore\vl'it remarkable that all iH.sturbing manifestations ceased as soon as the child was removed. I may here state tnat the resi dence stands by ifrclf in an open space ; that there is ro other resie'enco near it where any evil- disposed person could hide, and keep up this state of things for tho whole week. The j_'enei.il impression is that, the rnppings and stone-throw' ng me tho rchiilt of other than human agency. One resident, a miner, who wns there on Friday last, assures me that two stones as bis as his fist came over tho roof of the cottage, and fell one on each side of him. He went at once to see who had thrown them, and there was no one to bo seen. This boing so. I can only say that ' truth is stranger than lictio:i,' and that 1 should like the affair to be thoroughly prospected and panned out in I lie intcrcsU of science, for. by the ghost of Hamlet, it beats me. — Wagr/a Adver tiser. The mailbny at Nnrandora. who has bean missing for some days, has not yet boon found. A woman is now supposed to have been the author of the recent ' Jack the Ripper' atrocities. A terrible landslip has occurod at Quebec), doing immenso damage and causing great loss of life. The trial of the persons accused of the murder of Dr. (Jroiiin, of Chicago, is still impeded by the challenging of the jurors by both sides. 