XLx^cllcjc, Japanese Superstitions, Tho household superstitions of Japan ate very numerous. They are harmless ; often oxoiting laughter; yet so entrenched aro thoy in the household that religion, argument, avon ridioulo can not dealroy them. Somo ol those suporstitions havo a moral or educa tional porpoio, inoulcating lessons of benovo lenoo, neatnena and habits of clcanlinoas. A room Is novor swept immediately alter the departure of tbcinmato for fear of swooping out tho luck. At a marriage ceromony uuibuec tnu uriuu nor mo grooni woarB any clothing of a purple color lest their marriage bo soon dissolved, purple being a oolor most liablo to Itiua. H the cop of medicine is up. not by acaident daring the illnenu of a porson it is a Buro oign of rcoovery. This looks aa if the Japanese had faith in our provorb, 'Throw physio to the dogs.' Thero aro some curious idoaa in regard to the finger nails. Tboy muat not bo out before starting on a journey leak diagraco fall upon tho per. son at bis destination. Neither should they be out at night, lest oat's olaws should grow out. Children who throw tho paring of the nails into tho firo ars in dsogor of some great oalamity. It a place should (fy into tho fire while* cutting tho porson will Boon die. Tba howling of a dog portonds death. If a woman etopg over an egg-sholl she will go mad 1 if over a rasor it will booomo dull ; if over a whotstone it will break. If a man should set hia hair on fire bo will go mad. Oblldren aro told if thoy tell a lie an eni (imp) will pull out their tongues. Tbo wholesomo terror of the oni, standing ready to ran away with his tongue, has oauaod many a Japanoso youth to speak tho truth. The Japanese have a horror of tho dark neu;) ; tb'oy always keep a light burning to ward oil ghosts. The junkmen believe in a ghost who qomos to them and politely asks to borrow a dipper. The answer deoides the fats of the junkman. If a dipper with a bottom is bestowod upon the ghoBt, ho usob It to bail water enoogb to swamp the junk, butlil the bottom can bo knocked oat and thrown at him he disappears. In this laat Base the act muat be acoompanlrd by an in cantation, or tho ghost turns into a sea eappa— a' many- olawed monster— who will drag the junk to the bottom. The Japanose aro a gentle, sonBitivo race, very tnuoh nnder tho inflnonoo ol thoir emotions. Lovo with them is a sorioui matter, often ono of life or death. Disap pointment in love or desertion frequently ends in eaialdo. Sometimes tho girl beoomoi an avenger and Implores the gods to ourle or .visit with doath she destroyer of her peace, The paoaiona whioh thrill and torment the human' soal, are as Intonae in far-awa* Jacan as ia thoso lands whiphbo^t.a higher ?^/Hiiaaiiiun, ' ' : ' . ?:.,?!???? 