THE POEMS OF SIR WALTER SCOTT. By Andrew Lang. Yesterday, as the sun was very bright, and there was no wind, I took a fishing rod on chance and Scott's poems, and rowed into the middle of St. Mary's loch. Every hill, every tuft of heather was reflected in the lake as in a silver mirror. There was no sound but the lapping of the water against the boat, the cry of the blackcock from the hill, and the pleasant plash of a trout rising here and there. So I read the "Lay of the Last Minstrel" over again, here, in the middle of the scenes where the story is laid, and where the fights were fought. For when the Baron went on pilgrimage And took with him the elfish page To Mary's Chapel of the Lowes, it was to the ruined chapel here that he came, For there, beside our Lady's lake, An offering he had sworn to make, And he would pay his vows, But his enemy, the Lady of Branksome, gathered a band Of the best that would ride at her command, and they all came from the country round. Branksome, where the lady lived, is 20 miles off, across the ranges of lonely green hills. Harden, where her ally, Wat of Harden, abode, is close by, and Deloraine, where William dwelt, is nearer still, and John of Thurlestane had his square tower ill heather, "where victual never grew' on Ettrick Water within 10 miles. They were three hundred spears and three ; Through Douglas burn up Yarrow stream, Their horses prance, their lances gleam. They came to St. Mary's Lake ere day, But the chapel was void, and the Baron away ; They burned the chapel for very rage, And cursed Lord Cranstoun's goblin page. They were a rough clan to burn a holy chapel because they failed to kill their enemy within we sacred walls ! But, as I read again, for the twentieth time, Sir Walter's poem, floating on the lonely breast of the lake, in the heart of the hills where Yarrow flows, among the little green mounds that cover the ruins of chapel and castle and lady's bower, I asked myself whether Sir Walter was indeed a great and delightful poet, or whether he pleases me so much because I was born in his own country, and have one drop of the blood of his robber knights in my own veins? Writing here for boys and girls, one cannot go into some questions about poetry which would probably seem tiresome to them, or puzzling. Sir Walter Scott's own history is his best criticism ; it is as well known here as George Washington's in America ; yet a little of it may be told again. He was born in Edinburgh, more than 100 years ago; he knew the men who had fought for Prince Charlie, he came of the House of Harden, the Border Clan that watched the laws against English invasion, in the old years when Scotland and England were seldom at peace on the Border. He was lame, like Lord Byron, but that never soured him as it did his Lordship. He was one of the strongest men of his day in the arms, a great rider, almost too reckless on horseback, never going by a bridge if he could find a ford, and so, with his strength and his spirit, he naturally dreamed of old wars though his own life was peaceful. From childhood he told stories to his schoolfellows and read old poetry. At Abbotsford, his home, they show, you four little volumes of ballads and ghost stories, such as were then sold for a penny, and bought by the country folk, better reading than newspapers, I think. He collected these and had them bound when he was a boy. The servants were always carrying them off, but he got them back again. He knew all the ancient ballads of witches and fighting by heart. Once another poet, the Ettrick shepherd, repeated to him a long piece of his own. Years went by, and Scott, the shepherd, and a third man were waiting beside the River Tweed till some of their fishing gear was brought from a neighboring farm. Scott asked his friend to repeat his poem. The shepherd had quite forgotton it, but Scott peated it all, word for word, though he had only heard it once. He read everything about the fighting days of yore, and forgot nothing. The was not a legend, a proverb, a rhyme, but he knew it, not a strange story in old chronicles, French, Spanish, Scotch, but he had it in his memory. So at last it befel that he was hurt when drilling with a regiment of cavalry, for we were then at war with Napoleon, and he was a volunteer. As he could not exercise with the rest, he bethought him how a lady had asked him to write a ballad on a goblin called Gilpin Horner, not a poetical name, though both Jack Horner and John Gilpin are famous. So he rhymed away, letting his fancy divert itself with all the tales and names of places dear to him in the hills. And, behold, the rhyme, when it was ended, was the " Lay of the Last Minstrel." Instantly Scott became famous. English poetry had long been very tame and commonplace, written in couplets like Pope's, very artificial and smart, or sensible and slow. Here was a poem of which the music seemed to gallop, like thundering hoofs and ringing bridles of a rushing border troop. Here were goblin, ghost and fairy, fight and foray, fair ladies and true loves, gallant knights and hard blows, blazing beacons on every hill crest, and from the bartizan of every tower. Here was a world made alive again that had been dead for 300 years, a world of men and women. Then Scott became in a day the most popular poet of his time, not only in England, but in Europw, and I believe, in America too. But he did not stop when he had written the Lay; he was naturally encouraged to go on, and he wrote Marmion, The Lady of the Lake, Rokeby and The Lord of the Isles. In each new poem he lost a little of the old force and speed. He made more complicated stories, introducing love affairs, which he never did very well. In his poem the old Harper says— My hairs are grey, my limbs are My heart is dead, my veins are cold, I may not, must not, sing of love. He was not old, but he had bee in love once, and not happily, and never again ; nor did he forget the lady, but loved her to his death. Perhaps this, his own bad fortune or some other reason may have prevented him from making his love stories the best part of his work. He was never a man to moan over his own sorrow. I have seen an unpublished letter of his in which he complains that he hates his young lovers, who do all the love making, but that he delights in robbers, brigands, fighting men! Consequently, the more he put love stories into his poems thre tamer they grew, till at last they only flamed up here and there, in a good fight, like Bannockburn in "The Lord of the Isles " Moreover, he was never so good in poetry out of "his ain countrie" the Border Land. In the Highlands he was pretty well at home, especially in the hunting scenes; but when he went to England did "Rokeby," the poem was no more like the "Lay" than a slow, dull English river is like the "glittering and resolute streams of Tweed" or the tawny waters of Aill. For these reasons every one who wants to read Scott's poetry should begin with the "Lay." From opening to close it never falters:— Nine and twenty knights of fame Hung their shields in Branksome Hall. Nine and twenty squires of name Brought their steeds from tower to stall. Nine and twenty yeomen tall Waited, duteous, on them all. Ten of them were sheathed in steel, with belted sword and spur on heel. They quitted not their banners bright Neither by day nor yet by night ; They lay down to rest With corslet laced, Pillowed on buckler cold and hard ; They carved at the meat With gloves of steel, And they drank red wine through the helmet barred. Now is not that a brave beginning ? Does not the verse clank and chime like sword sheath on spur, like the bits of champing horses ?Then, when William of Doloraine is sent on his lonely midnight ride across the haunted moors and wolds, docs the verse not gallop like the heavy armoreed horses? Unchallenged thence passed Deloraine To ancient Riddell's fair domain, Where Aill, from mountains freed, Down from the lakes did raving come : Each wave was crested with tawny foam, Like the mane of a chesnut steed. In vain ! no torrent deep or broad Might bar tho bold moss-trooper's road ; At the first plunge the horse sunk low, And the water broke over the saddle-bow. These last two lines have the very movement and note, the deep heavy plunge, the still swirl of the water. Well I know the lochs whence Aill comes red in flood, many a trout hove I taken in Aill, long ago. But I think the poetry itself is good, and stirs the spirit, even of those who know not Ailmoor, tho mother of Aill, that lies dark among the melancholy hills. The spirit is stirred throughout by the chivalry and the courage of Scott's men and women. Thus the Lady of Branksome addressed the Knglish invaders who have taken her boy prisoner. For the young heir of Branksome's line. God be his aid, and God be mine ! Through me no friend shall meet his doom ; Here, while I live, no foe finds room. Then if thy Lords their purpose urge. Take our defiance loud and high ; Our slogan is their lyke-wake dirge, Our moat the grave where they shall lie. Slogan— battle cry. Lyke-wake— dirge chanted over corpses. Ay, and though the minstrel says he is no love poet, and though, indeed, he shines more in war than a lady's bower, is not this a whole stanza of true love and worthy of what old Malory writes in his Mort d' Arthur? Because here Scott speaks for himself, and his own unhappy and immortal affection:— True love's the gift which God has given To men alone beneath the Heaven. It is not Fantasy's hot fire Whose wishes, soon as granted, fly ; It liveth not in fierce desire, With dead desire it doth not die : It is the secret sympathy, The silver link, the silken tie, That heart to heart and mind to mind, In body and in soul can bind. Truth and faith courage and chivalry, a free life in the hills, and by the streams, a shrewd brain, an open heart, a kind word for friend or foeman, these are what you learn from the Lay, if you want to learn lessons from poetry. It is a rude legend, perhaps, as the critics said at the time, when they were disdainful of wizard priests and ladies magical. But it is a deathless legend I hope ; it appeals to every young heart that is not early spoiled by low cunning, and cynicism, and love of gain. The minstrels own prophecy is true, and still, and always, Yarrow, as he rolls along Bears burden to the minstrel's song. After the "Lay " came " Marmion, A Tale of Flodden Field." It is far more ambitious and complicated than the "Lay, " and is really far worse written. Sir Walter was ever a rapid and careless poet, and, as he took more pains with his plot he took less with his verse. His friends reproved him, but he answered to one of them, Since oft thy judgment could refine My flattened thought and cumbrous line, Still kind, as is thy wont, attend. And in the minstrel spare the friend ; Though wild as cloud, as stream, as gale. Flow forth , flow unrestrained, my tale ! Anyone who knows Scott's country knows how cloud and stream and gale all sweep at once down the valley of Ettrick or of Tweed. West wind, wild cloud, red river, all pour forth as by one impulse ; forth from the far off hills. He let his verse sweep out in the same stormy sort, and many a "cumbrous line," many a " flattened thought," you may note, if you will, in " Marmion." The " Lay " is a tale that only verse could tell ; much of "Marmion" might have been told in prose, and most of " Rokeby." But prose could never tell the tale of Flodden Fight in "Marmion," which I verily believe is the best battle piece in all the poetry of all time, better even than the stand of Aias by the ships in the Iliad, better than the slaying of the wooers in tho Odyssey. Nor could prose give us the hunting of the deer and the long gallop over hillside and down valley, with which the "Lady of the Lake " opens, opening thereby the enchanted gates of the Highlands to the world. You will notice that the " Lady of the Lake, " except in the battle piece, is told in a less rapid metre than that of the "Lay." But all the poems are interspersed with songs and ballads, as the beautiful ballad of "Alice Brand," and Scott's fame rests on these far more than on his later versified romances. Coming immediately after the very tamest poets who ever lived, like Hayley, Scott wrote songs and ballads as wild and free, or melancholy and gay, as ever shepherd sang or gipsy carolled, or witch wife moaned, or old forgotten minstrel left to the world, music with no maker's name. For example, take the outlaw's rhyme, With burnished brand and musketoon So gallantly you come ; I read you for a bold dragoon That loves the tink of drum. I list no more to tink of drum, No more the trumpet hear ; But when the beetle sounds his hum My comrades take the spear. And oh ! though Brignal banks be fair, And Greta woods be gay, Yet mickle must the maiden dare Would reign my Queen of May. How musical again is this : — This morn is merry June, I trow, The rose is budding fair, But she shall bloom in winter snow Ere we two meet again. He turned his charger as he spake Upon the river shore, e gave his bridle reins a shake, Said, "Adieu for evermore, My love ! And adieu for evermore !" It you want a ballad with a touch of fear, and something to teach you how to shudder, try the "Eve of St. John." I remember reading it when I was a very small boy, and going to bed in a subdued frame of mind. There are scores of songs in his works, touching and sad, or gay as a hunter's waking, that tell of lovely things lost by tradition, and found by him on the moors, all these— not prized by Sir Walter himself— are in his gift, and in that of no other man. Alone among poets, he had neither vanity nor jealousy ; he thought little of his own verse and his own fame ; would that he had thought more, would that he had been more careful of what was so precious ! But he turned to prose ; bade poetry farewell. Yet, once again, farewell thou Minstrel Harp, Yet, once again, forgive my feeble sway, And little reck I of the censure sharp, May idly cavil at an idle lay . People still cavil idly, complaining that Scott did not finish, or did not polish, his pieces, that he was not Keats, or was not Wordsworth. He was himself; he was the Last Minstrel, the latest, the greatest, the noblest of natural poets concerned with natural things. He sang of free, fierce and warlike life, of streams yet rich in salmon, and moors not yet occupied by brewers ; of lonely places haunted in the long grey twilights of the North ; of crumbling towers where once dwelt the Lady of Branksome or the Flower of Yarrow. Nature summed up in him many a past ago, a world of ancient faiths, and before the old time of great England wholly died, to England, as to Greece, she gave her Homer. When he was old, and tired, and near his death —so worn with trouble and labor that he actually signed his own name wrong — he wrote his latest verse, for a lady. It ends — My country, be Thou glorious still ! and so he died, within the sound of the whisper of Tweed, forseeing the years when his country would no more be glorious, thinking of England only, for getting quite the private sorrow of his own later days. People will tell you that Scott was not a great poet, that his bolt is shot, his fame perishing. Little he cared for his fame ! But for my part I think and hope that Scott can never die, till men grow up into manhood without ever having been boys,— till they forget that One glorious hour of crowded life Is worth an age without a name ! THE NOBBY AND SEAL ISLES. 