NERVOUS EXHAUSTION I Tlio circumstances of advancing civilijai' I are transferring the combat more ami nioref, I ; tho field of physical prc-cmincnce nml ,,2?. I tions to that of incutal. Tlio reunirnm.Pn: . I lifo ore becoming altered more and more by year. Thc iicw state will eliminate Mm ' and, as it were, elect certain for its service t?' strain is coming and being felt kccnlv bv .',-1 few. What are tho headaches, tho pahntnliL' of the heart, tlio hydra-headed formi 5 ' dyspepsia, the neuralgias, the wasted' kwi;, and anxioiiB, worn faces of which mvrimh! / our people complain hut the store Si !' burdens, alas, too heavy for mnn/ . bear. Now, it may bo laid LJ? as almost a 'sell-ovidcnt truth that thow givo little heed to physical culture, betkA ; development of brain what it may, mimt .J"' or Inter succumb iu the race. Men met/ quired with acntencss,. dcliljeration, iiurti«S" and with brains pregnant with originate?! hut all this is but of passing moment if nccompanicil with "staying powers,"-,;,;, mean superlative nutritive fuuetions in Z- system sometime, Bomewhore. „ An unfortunate sign of the times, perhaM i. rn<? of. pnuso and recommeudatioi fo- digestible food. Everyone ucarlv seem; i„ think the crying need of the hour L for am, : thing more und most digcsrible. AyotingjZv goes to his doctor for tar peculiar hurhihcsSi mg feeling m the pit of lus stomach, comiiicin vi a couple of hours after each meal. Is the need hero for something more digestible Jot necessarily so, any more than tlic converse, q , the symptouio disappear with the eating of a little food, mid arc not relieved with t«lj ' this condition poults' to something most ur! natural ill tlic nervous machinery of tho stomach, for tlic feeling is not the natural Bi<m of hunger in a healthy man. Send this - patient into tho country, "change his mode of lifo, give liim rest, and the had BymptomB mil soon abate! The trouble was .nervous ex haustion, though but of mild degree. The man writing at his novel far into (ho hours of tlio night may, ns wo read in Harped) ' Magazine ol Wilkio, Collins, have a female ghost follow him to bed, and bite a piece out of ' his Bhouldcr as lie enters the bedroom. Iff. Christie Murray once wroto thirty-six con secutive chapters in thirty-six consecutive days. . and then lie saw iihalbcrdicr with an arc, who appeared behind and threatened him. All this is nervous exhaustion., of mi undoubted typo, and what is needed most is the chiefcst of nil restorers — rest. A person coincs to tho physician with jininjn tlie back of the head, dull arid heavy. . "\Vhit ; is it ? Only weakness— nothing more ! 1M will put it all to rights. Students. ns ri class,' are prone to palpitiSa of tho heart. Is the trouble or-ost' It Is simply temporary. IIIMi to a nervous: system exhausted, and ing rest, . :' _. . , In. all thte cluss of cases drags can do ted. Iittlp good. Iltey. mnyamclioratc thcsymptoiuti, : nut cannot compensate for ; want of fresh air .and rest, the indispensable . requisites, to a healthy -luoqd; mul what, as' Romberg 'says, is pani but " tho prayer of a ricrvo for healthy blood?" Oil is a great allevuitor of pain, but in excess miiv occasion it troublesome fonu of dyspejisia. The Antipyrin Tabloids appear to exert a beneficial and curative action in pniuful affections, and soniotimes eradicate the trouble.: . A littlo mix vomica is useful to most pooplo- undergoing tovero nervous strain," and tlioao afiiictcd with dyspepsia. A jiroper dose of ; BiBliop's Grnnulnr Efl'ervcsoont Extract of Nii j / Voiriicii in water answers well. I11 tlio indigos- tion occasioned by starchy food, Extract of/ -Malt (Kepler) will work efficiently .—Health', r London. ... . . " " 