In response to a requisition the mem bers for the Seymour Riding have convened a public meeting, to he held in the Shire Hall on this evening, for the purpose of expressing sympathy with the London dock laborers. It is to be hoped there may be a large and representative gathering on the occa sion. lbe men on strike are not making any unreasonable demands. They merely ask that middle men may be abolished, and that their own rate of pay may be increased to sixpence per hour.- ? Previously the 'men received fivepence an hour, .but their generous employers refuse to giant ' the extra penny. Finding public opinion all over the world was with the laborers, and finding that the shipping masters were about making them responsible for the block in the traffic, the employers, on Monday last, agreed to the increase, provided the men would wait until January. However, there was no guarantee that the concession would be granted when .the spring came {round, and the men declined to agree. fTbey showed wisdom in 'their decision. ] The present moment is ,the turning {point in the condition of the . Wfljldng men of Great 'Britain. If they reinain firm in pressing their reasonable de mands, and if their brethren in the colo- : nies show a determination to back them up, the days ere gone by for the necessity of another Hood to protest ; against the slaveiy of the working- , classes in Great ' Britain. Men of all classes and all nationalities are assisting the laborers throughout the length and breadth of Australia. It is hoped we will not be behindhand in Seymour; but that the subscription list of this evening will maintain the reputation the town has previoudy , earned of generously assisting every worthy;] qioyeijient. - Graziers generally will be pleased at the action of the Government in abolish ing the drawback duties, . The only pur pose they effected when in existence was in allowing New South Wales drovers to log/on Victorian roads and commons for 4 spell of six^months. while their own pastures were having a rest. If the Kobyboyn people do not stir themselves, iliey are almost certain to lose the railway. The direct line agi tated for during the past five years, has been pronounced impracticable by tbe surveyors, who now talk of a line up by Hughes Creel;. It is safe toeay that no Government would construct a railway in the place, but even if tbey did, it would be useless to the residents of tlie district, who should at once take action in tlie matter. It will probably be found, on application to Mr Coane. late Govern ment surveyor in the district, that there is nothing impracticable in the route pro posed by the Kobyboyn people, but with out some proper data to go upon, there is little use making such an assertion. j In last issue of tbe ' Gazette' It is an nounced that Messrs W. Keneallyand W, Benson have applied for a patent for an improved horse-shoe and method for affixing same. It- is certainly time that some improvements were made on pre sent old-fashioned and cumbersome sys tem.' A back fastening boot is the latest invention in Melbourne. The system is not made public yet, but a patent has been applied for. When this is granted, we are told that a revolution will take place in boot-making. Following notices are from last issue of ' Gazette ' — Licenses approved — S. Hatty 247a Flowerdale ; J. Murphy, 20a Kerris dale. Leases approved — D. McPherson, 55a Broadford f D. M'Inneii, 319a Monea; J. Pattison, 1 14a, Kerrisdale ; E. Sharp, 193a Ruffy ; A. B. Dawson, 319a Drop more ; W. Kibble, 106a, Monea S. ; P. Jones, 40a Broadford ; J.T. Nelson, 313a Longwood ; K. McKenzie, 319a Clonhi nane; J. F. Morissy, 319a, Monea N-; S. Martin, 237a, Ruffy. Transfers — M. Scully 310a Wormaneal to J. Scully ; J. Doherty 313a Flowerdale, to C, Doherty ; J. A. Mansergh, 200a Monea N., to S. A. Vickers; E. Morris, 319a Tarcombe, to A. J. Finlay ; J. Grist, 79a Bunganail, to J. E. Maxfield ; C. E. Poynting, 3lSa j Monea, to I. Bell ; J. M. Jeffreys, 93a Wormangal ; to R. Abrahams. Block abandoned — E. Kerr, 11a Glenaroua. Impounded at Mooroopna — Dark bay horse, To be sold an 25th inst., if not claimed. A ghost has been frightening women and children at Rutherglen for some time past. One evening last week the spiritual intruder created a disturbance outside the window of a young man employed in tlie town ; but the young man wasn't a bit afraid. On the contrary, he seized a waddy, jumped through the window and hammered the ghost till he begged for mercy, and announced himself as a local pen-driver. Public opinion has now decided that there is not a ghost within fifty miles of the town. Another of the Silver Readings, in aid of the organ fynd, was giv6n in the Mission Hall, Seymour East, on Wednes day evening, the Rev. Mr Johnstone in tlie chair. The programme opened with the National Anthem, after which came a pianoforte overture, Home, Sweet Home, very nicely rendered by Miss Edwards. Mr Tonkin then gave a recitation. Miss Dotter sang Thee, only I Love, in a pleasant manner, and Mr Tristan gave an imitation of Maccabe's After - dinner Speech. The Rev. Mr Jolly gave a nice rendition of The Arab's Farewell to his Steed, and Miss Jones recited the Old Church Organ very creditably. A piano forte solo by Miss E. Wallder was well re ceived, after which Master Thompson con tributed Auld Lang Syne. MissPryde con tributed a pianoforte solo, which evoked j loud applause, and Master Thompson j caused some fun withthe comic redtation [ Moloney's Fenian Cat. The Reign of the Roses was nicely rendered by Miss Dotter. and Mr Frank Ed wards recited the Bridge of Sighs with good effect. Mr. E. Jones gave a good rendition of the Good Rhine Wine, and the Misses Key were applauded for their rendering of The Danube River. The Chairman gave an effective recitation entitled, The Sands of Time ; MrTristan related a few short anecdotes, and Mr Jones cob eluded tbe programme with the well-known song, The British Lion. The ordinary monthly meeting of the Free Libraiy conjmittep was held in tbe in stitute on Monday evening, Septem ber 19th. Present : — Messrs Bishop (in chair), Renou, Revs. H, Macfarlane and Jolly, and Messrs Pyne, Purcell and Knigbt. When routine business was dis posed of the tenders for furnishing one of; the rooms were dealt with. Mr Tristan moved that they be held over for a month as the specifications were too vague. Mr Brent moved, as an amendment, that the lowest be accepted. A heated discussion 1 ensued. Mr Fuller termed Mr Tristan an obstructionist, and latter teplied that the sub-committee had stultified them-'' selves over specifications, which defined nothing. The Rev. H, Macfarlane strongly resented this expression, and said he would rather leave the committee than have such language applied to him. ' Mr Brent thought it was mere waste of time to postpone the matter, and the Rev Mr Jolly and Mr Chittick pointed out that air though the linoleum was-$o have been of the best quality, the samples submitted were all of different classes. Mr Tristan said he meant nothing disrespectful to Mr Macfarlane in saying that the sub committee stultified themselves ; but be maintained such was the case, as Mr Fuller told him he lenew nothing what ever of linoleum when inviting tenders. He also said he would leave the com mittee, but, eventually. Mr Purcell threw oil on the troubled waters, and the motion was declared carried. ' ' ' I ' ? 1. The Chinese object to the new duty of as. per gross on eggs. It appears that they have been in the habit of importing large numbers of eggs from the Flowery Land, and they are afraid the duty will interfere with the industry. The rer mainderof the community will be glad that some fcheck is likely to be put on the sale of year-old-eggs, even thpugh they he wflly good fid cheap. A meeting of the congregation of Christ Church Seymour, was held in the schoolroom, on Tuesday evening, Sep tember 10, to take into consideration the desirability of enlarging the church so as to meet the growing requirements of the Church of England population of Sey mour and neighborhood. This motion was put to the meeting, and earned with out much discussion, it being 'evident oh all hands that it was necessary for some thing to be done, as on fine evenings in tending worshippers have had to go away from the door, being unable to get seats. The question of the manner of enlarge ment was considered, and it was decided to extend from tbe east end a distance of nineteen feet, adding a chancel of eigh teen feet, in which seats will be placed for the choir- _ A general committee was appointed for the purpose of carrying out the work, consisting of Messrs Henshalli Renou, Moyle, Butler, Redford, Dr Ray, Messrs Key, DeGroot, Bishop, Brent, Macintire, Harte, Brinton, Cooper, Bar jtop, E. l^ Jones and Gray. The -jues- tioti of ways and . means was discussed, and it was decided tliat the total cost of tiie alteration should bob', exceed £600, the same to be collected by a canvass of the town and neighborhood, as soon as possible. A sub-committee was then ap pointed, to work under tbe generrJ com mittee. They will meet during the week, and, among other things, call for tenders for the woric to be done. A subscription list was opened in the room, and the sum of ^100 was subscribed. At Sydney, last week, Miss Elizabeth Tier, of Merrimbuta, sued J. P. Clynch, agent of the Illawarra Steam Navigation Company at Merrimbula, for tbe recovery of £3000 damages for slander. The alleged slander reflected on plaintiffs chastity. The declaration set out that plaintiff was an unmarried woman, and that defendant had slandered her by saying that she had gone to San F rancisco to become the mother of an illegitimate child, and mak ing allegations of the same character. A verdict was given for plaintiff, damages ^375. This is the only way to put do.vu a slander. It is a waste of time to con tradict it outside of a court. 