Hospital Sermon. Wharf street Baptist Church. The Rev. W. Whale preached to a large con gregation yesterday morning in the Wharf street BaptiBt Church. The rev. gentleman based his remarks on Acta' iv: 36, ' The son of consolation.' In dealing with his subject he said tbat the familiar characters of the Bible history all had their distinguishing- traits. It was these traits developed and brought out in thought and aotion which gavo the oharaoters u. claim to be hold up as models and examples . t*f\f- nut* dnilw Itfn Hnma r\t ^VlAQA tuor-» riiQ. tinguibled by what Carlyle considered the sum and ultimatum of all goodness — powor and force of character sufficient to make all 'things that came into contaot with'them adapt them selves to the force of their will. Others again stood out conspicuously for their high sense of practical . belief of justice or goodness. Barnabas (which interpreted meant the son of consolation) was a' man who was full of the Holy Ghost, and was there fore conspicuous among all others for the aweetneta and goodness of his every thought and aotion. The Holy Ghost' had filled him, and he sought nothing bat what the Spirit dictated. It was therefore on a whole with his character that 'Having land ho sold it and laid it at the apoBtlu's feet.' BighteousnesB was at tho bottom, and was the solid rook foundation for :all practical virtuo. Goodness was a more amiable word, but was ' one which was indispensable to the porfeot and harmonious whole. Holiness was mode up of both, leavened with tho beautiful emotion of faith in. and fellowship with, the all enabling arid div-ne spirit of God. . Barnabas, doubtless, had a keen perception of justice,' but the beauty of his oharaoter was not due to this alone. It Was tho righteousness and tbe goodness whioh mado him a model and a toaouer by examplo for all men. A man might possess a keen sense of cold, precise justice, and yet bo far away from the other essentials ., which make up the perfected man. , Justioe : was often , harsh if not cruel, as well. as. unsympathetic, and barbarons. It was an aet perfectly consistent with bare justice to demand an oyo for an eyo and a tooth foi a tooth, as under the old Mosaic dispensation, but the era of lovu, of righteous ness, and divine pity- had driven this base -justice from its regal teat, and substituted therefor justioe tempered in the divine fkos of sympathy and mercy. Christ had turned to the angry and pitiless crowd aa; they utocd prepared to hurl a Binning . and wretched woman to, hor .doom,, and said, ?' Ho .that is without sin i. lot . him cast the firet, atone,' ;,and,, the people, had turned their gaze inwards; and -knew ihafc jus tice wub not just nnlees.it was dealt oat by the, hand that know of tho. divine love and its. at-* ilributeBw 'Man I reqnljed'.'to^bd mclrp^han' just, ?AH-Giver— not ^for-, juoticer-.A-K . birojjastioa1 . «ore tojba,;&efc;$: oat ' yo^'Bip-ieiaJBotl mp^tojg, .few ;wflnld.efl»j»ritbo-j4oomi!-iIt..,waii.iptnBV: . thing ? more1 .than- 4htv 'boliol:' in 1-thV jua»- Sco j of tho. Almighty, ...which... jua.de.. ..tha. iCh'rietiara-ad*itbbeoV'0!Jsc»atf.bf-'«lad;teio5oing'. IrtwoV Maxjoydflaas,,,,^ o it jjujIm pft-h?.w»!»., jKtit'trM tto ; uththftt the wAtUrmcltutaUes the heart conquered nil diotitns of cold juatioo, and pity yearned over the afflicted, tho poor, tho oppressed, nay even tho guilty. Tho divine spark was ountred in eaoh breast, aud the passing winds of suffering and wrotohoil nets fanned it to a bright and ruddy flame. That day ho felt sure all would be more than just, mare than logil and commercial, thty would bo kind, good sons and daughters ol consola'ion. Consolation w.s a word often usod, aid many misunderstood its meaning. It had to a oertain extont come to bo regarded as a mere uso of soft and pioua words to soothe pain or misery, but it muat be come praotical and soif-saotificing boforo.it c:'uld be called Christian. The name of Bar* nubas was without doubt bestowed upon him by tho Apostl* h, not only bcoanse of his words, but because of his actions At the oall of duty he had ? left Jernmilom aid gone forth as far as Antlocb, preaching tho word nnd exhorting all to cleave unto tho Lord. He wai no.mere mouth-Rei-ver, but showed by his aotions the wondrouB perfection' of his faith Ho gave practical consolation to tho new movement of earnest religious life, for bo sold all that ho had and laid it at the Apostle's feet. He had ttken Saul, suspected and feared us he. had been, and brought him forth to tho oliuroh of that time. He bad shown praotioal sympathy to his nephew, Jotin Mark, when Paul would not take him with them to visit the oitiea where they hhd preached tho Word before, bocause ho had left them at Pamihvlia, instead of helping them along with the work. All through his life, aa floen by his acts, ho had proved that tbe Apostles had not erred when they named him Barnabas, for he had indeed proved a son of consolation. Events proved that tho tendenoy of the present age was to keep within the striot bounds of mull's rights, and to discard benevo lence in busbies?, politics, and other occupa tions. But the law of love in the Gospel was tho only one whioh could keep alive the ! graces, und develop tho higher, purer, and nobler side of our being, nor would tbe work of religion become complete until there were lo tears nor piin nor death. Each could help on towards this goal which would some day be attained, and thiB conld best be effected by dealing in practical consolation to the poor and the suffering in our midtt. The reverend gentleman then made a powerful appeal to the congregation to help pn by their practical sympathy the charities in our midst. 