P|e fU&mtw; PotIV K (PUBLISHER DAILY. , ; "'.'.'.'J ■Rciiuca : AVednesday, November 13, 188!)., OPPORTUNITIES FOR BATHING.""* WlTli the approach of every summer the necessity for ballis or aomo substitute for tliem is annually demonstrated* The prosent your offers no oxcptiim to the rulo. Tho mattor it invariably brought up by the' complaints that mon and boys ba'ho in thot night of paes'trs-by, which some pouple con-' aider nn outrago on decency, and which they maintain should be pul a stop to at: once. Tho bathers, however, naturally rejoin that Hie weather being oppressive, they must seek relief by bathing, - especially when the means is within their power, and ao 0I030 to hand. If thero is not a proper :buthing place they will maze the be3t uso of the conveniences at hand, and batlio ill places > most suitable for them; :Tho ; police are urged by squeamish pooplo to take action and arrest all Bathers in; public, places, but tho question naturally arises j if tho police, do so what place will tho' batheis find that i does not come within tho the intopretatioiY of " a public plaoo ?" j Jfowhere on the Murray for a few miles either way, and therefore tho bathers must be donied from a pleasurable, and withal \oao of the most healthiest exercises going. : ,They are linblo to bo shut out fro in'tho bonefits of. a fino stream of water; .booauso« tho local governing body which has tho control of the foreshore will uofc exert i: self;:iri'...--tiiE"rtiBhtpst:tp!' provide • a 1 means..of their; indulging in a ;buth. Our local governing body often ;loses, n lot of valu-ible time ■ quarrelling | over petty initters or wasting all 'its onorgy in attempting some useless, and vory -often hopoloss, undertaking, whilst it ignoros i practical works of.Roiueand utility. Wo'have seen' money to. tlie ' extorit. of ' nearly throe; thousand pounds sunk in tho Campapo Woir, we find nioiey expended von plans in connection with tho proposed bridgo. over the Campaspe at Anstrufcher'stroot, whilst memboi's have not a ghost of an idea whoro the funds., for . it will, come from,, .with .many other instances of expenditure upon objects uquall} as hopeless, but'no effort is made to provide one t of ■ the; grea'tost public convoniencios Ifclmcans could have during tho summer months, and that is propor bathing places; Therotis no-valid reason "vvhy, if a proper bathing place is loo expensive, tho oouncil could not endeavor- to.provide some simplo and inexpensive substitute for it, or else arrange for tproper hours of bathing, with lixed localities for that purpoio. If tho council cinnot do anything more, they can bring in a byo - law, naming the plaoes 011 the Murray get apart for' iDithing, -togother with the hours in which bt'.hing will bo permitted. The polico authorities could thon move « ith, much greater certainty against persons for acting beyond tho bounds of decency ; and with the time and- placo3, .when and- whero; bathing was ■ parmi ted, khotviV to tho public, tho lattor need; not liavo their Bonse of decency viol itod by refraining from, visiting tho neighborhood during the' houis set aunt. It is also 11 unttor for quefl1 tion whether' tho' council eould not make a | favorit'o sandbank for bathers BOmi private, by running parallel fencing down into the rivor of some sit or seven foot tin hoight with propor entrances and seats within tho enelosuro. Thero might also bo provided rope linos .for beginners, / and a couple of buoys, in case of accident.-' Tho wliolo cost, in a .suitable place, would : amount to a comparative triflo, cortainly: nut so much asitho municipal;, bo.ly has felt constrained on ocoaBions: to ; spend over deputations, anil 1 would:<bo of. greater practical benefit. Mr Sub-Inspeotor Walsho, who haB somo knowledge of! what is required in connection with" the bathing, might consult with tho council, and some .arrangement como to, in order' I that bathing could bo carried on \vi hout: I offending tho sonsos of respectable people who frequent tho rivor banks. . For continuation of reading matter sti Fourth Paqc. Nkwspapkus Astray.—A. rasideut of ICil| more, according to the local journal, sout a dozen copios of the Kilmoro Advertiser, but only ono was delivered, tho other elovon having been abstracted. Tho partiality for "free" papers i3 not confined to tho Kilmoro quarter of tho colony, as subscriber* in (/laeca nearer lionio can testify, especially when an edition commits uome interesting uc iva, Death ok a Memju;r of Parliament.— Intelligence "was received m Melbourne yesterday that Mr J. S. Stoivart, lho membur for Talbot and Avoca in tho Victorian Parliament, had diet) ufc Maiohmd, N.S.W. yesterday, whither ho hud gone forchango of air. The deceased geiitlomau was the father of Mr J. G. Stewart, auctioneer, formorly of tins town, and now of NaMiali«\\. Mr Stewarts friends will doubtless regret to hoar of that gentleman's sad bereavement. Tar, Disputed Boat Race.—The following letter has been received from Corop rc the disputed final in the open fomy bo! wt?en . Eihuca and Echuca East crows u Corop, I November 11, 1880. Mr A. H. StratNm, , lion. Sec. Echuca Rowing Club—Sir,—Your j telegram and letter duly to hand, and in re- | ply t am instructed by the committee of the Corop Regatta to inform you that unless | you can row on the Murray according t,o conditions of our regatta, 4 that is, in eqml boats, otc.' also, your club and Echuca East to appoint judge, starter and referee, to satisfaction of ho h clubs, as montioned by the committee before you left Corop. Unless you agree as above we have decided to have the race rowed on Lake Cooper, on a elite to bo decided on.—Tours truly, .Jambs Hicks, Hon. Sec. C.R.C." TUia decision will, no doubt, be final. . Ifc might; not be out of place to mention that tho Corop regatta committoo distinctly .-stated'"to several members of tho Echuca Club that their regatta was not.- rowed under'-the rules of the. Northern District -Rowing. Association, although early in tho day it:was pointed out; that " all races, trial fours, etc.," (bye-law 27) of associated clubs imust bo rowed under utho -rules/.;,;/ Tho 'Corop: rogafcfn contended r-^r^'.-.^vrr' w;»s- nor-held undor t\hn I'rulcSf but wns purely anmvitation reyatta, for' the ^inanagomont .'of••which thoy niado i their.own rules:- Mr Gillott, of ;thel3encligo Rowing Club was appealed to respecting the ibye-law,.. and: lie hold ,-it notr applicable to. i club's regattas, oven: if membors of the 1-NiD R. Association. ."Tho byo-Jaw-is scarcely I sufliciently explicit • on -tho subjoct:, and I may. beJread.. two .ways. ; This is a mattor the i association should, settlo as soon as possiblo, i otherwiso it may cause some trouble. . ,v I An Obstinate- • Trespasser. — Felix | Brouard was yesterduy ordered to pay a hue | .of ;£o, or to, go .to gaol for 14: days;- for wib'. ful trespass on property belonging lo Mr JosophTilley Brown. After the case had beou dealt wit h the Police Magistrate called Bronard up, and advised him to quit the land in question, ho having:been proved -to. bo. trespassing; Brounrd : contended« tho. land was Crown lands, and that he had quite as- uutcli righb ro it as defendant. | NEiannoaas' .Quarrels.—The attention i of . the local Police Court was taken up for-a | considerable time yesterday with bearing i assaults, abusive language, and trespass I cases. The business was not concluded until i after 3.30 o'clock. J'ho Polico Magistrate i cautioned Felix Brouard, and William Hall and Arthur Hall, who had cross cases against each other - for assaults, to bo very careful, us their bad feelings towards > each other mn»hfc result m serious consequences, and whilst the present caso3 were dismissed, th> t if they came before the court again, tho -party who was proved to be guil y. might have to go to gaol for . a considerable petiod without, the opuon of a fine.-- r Oomfortaul13 Home Goulburn road to be soUhthis day, nn tho ground,- at 2.30 p:m^ 1 by Mr J. S. Kollv. i Another Holiday.—Victoria is pretty well blessed with holidays what betwoen the days fixed by -law and thoodd and evonidaya^ ithrown in. The government however think■ that fcho public can do with yet another odd :ono■■and the oncassion of the landing of the ?Nevv> Govornor of. Victoria,: tho Karl , of Hopetoun, is to be made ; the occasion of a ;gtmeral holiday throughout the colony. ' Whether the Victorian resides m he metropolis or m tho back bloclts he ;vnU have to i devote a certain amount of idle time io commemorate tho fact that a fresh viceregal representative has arrived and the Oovernment has generously chosen tho 24th November next as iho ptirhrnljn' -rljiy Hi«r, Immjj..Mm: dato on which tho New Governor is expected toaruve 