MORSELS. Application having been made under the Real Property Act by Bernard Donnelly, of Goul- burn, cestius quo trust of Mary Anne O'Neill, to be registered as "proprietor by transmission" of 1 rood 24 perches, lot No. 12 on deposited plan No. 1549, in the city and parish of Goul- bourn, and county of Argyle, such application will be complied with end a certificate of title issued unless caveats be lodged on or before 11th April. Ernest Walter Boll and John Reiffell Terry, of Sydney, have applied for provisional protection for the learners' safety skating apparatus. Following is from the report of the Vanderbilt mine, March 4:--Furnace operations for past week have not been of a satisfuctory nature, owing to great execsses of aluminous matter in ore treated; this dilliculty will be overcome. Produced l ton I1owt 3qr 101b bullion, con taining 633cc silver and 6Otz 17dwt gold. The elag made holds fully two-thirds of tic metal contained in the ore, and is all safe for treatment. At Cobar four men have been committed for trial on charges of personation at the recent general election. The committee of the Bulli Colliery Disa6tor Fund has decided that, as there is little likelihood of any bill being passecd to deal with the fund, the secretary bhe authorised to pay the following bonuses:--33 widow,. £85 eachi; 12 dependents, £30 each: 132 children, £10 each, making a total of £4135, the widows and dependents who have received lump sums to share in the bonuses. Twenty shops and dwelling- houses, besides a largo quantity of stock and furniture, have been destroyed by fire at ,Cambridge, Waitkato, New Zealand. The City oHealth Cfficer, Sydney, in his quarterly report to the City Council, returns the mortality among children under 10 years old at 54"453 per cent. of the whole. it the inquest on the remains of a boy named Sydney Stone, aged 9 yeare, who was drowned at Waterloo, it was stated that a big boy throw a bottle into the waterhole where Stone was batbing and told him to dive for it. The little follow did so, and lost his life. At the Rosehill Races on Saturday thebo Gran ville Stakes were won by Koniseob, the Hurdle Raceo by Parade, the Nursery Handicap by Neta, the Welter Handiasp by Bellringer, and tihe Steoplechase by Melton. Tie statement made by Mr. Oarvan with re gard to the alleged enormous increase in the deficit turns out to be entirely without founda tion. It is stated that the raochorse Lochiel, hlaving been purchased by the New Zealnd Stud Com pany, will leave the course for the paddock. Melbourno, Sltdrday.-Last night the Bal larat School of Mines was burglariously enoutered. The thieves broke open the eases containing the models of the " Weolcomo" and " Berlin" nuggets; but after taking them out, and finding them light, brokeo them, when it was seen they were dummies. The thieves departed without disturbing anything else. The Customs revenue collected in New Zee land during January amounted to £127,212. Tbe tletal for the 11 monthsl of the financial year is £1,334,129, as against an estimate of £1,382,500 the deficiency being £47,571. The R.t.B. Austral, which left Sydney on Saturday for London, took a consignment of gold valued at £50,000. In the oricket match M.C.O. v. South Mel bourne which is for the IMelbourno Challenge Cup, the South Melbourne team scored 488 in their first innings, to which total Trott contri buted 216.' A sad fatality is reported from Creswiek, Vic toria. A young woman, the stepdaughter of a miner named South, after having saved three children from a burning building, attempted Ito rescue another child, but, becoming insensible perished with the little one. The late Crown Prince of Austria had a pecu liar fndness for ghost stories and spiritualism, and then became haunted with the fear that he might go mad, like Louis II of DBavaria. On the completion of the Hawlkesbury Bridga the paotoralists of the luaswellbrolk district in tend slaughtering cattle and sencding their ear cases to Sydney. Eight jockhey. attired in racing costume and colore noted as pall-hearers at the intermont of the remains of their ill-fated comrade, Tierney, at Orange on Saturday. A district racing club, to be known as the Wingeourribeoo Turf Olub, has boon established at Iloss Vale. The following selections wore applied for at Queanbeyan onThursday :--Purchases: C. J. A. Davis, 40 acres, Umbarra; John Southwell, junior, 40 acres, Bedullick; Thomas Rutledgo, 311 aeros, Yarrow. Lease: John Soutlhwell, junior, it00 aces, Bedullick. Thei Land Appeal Court, which waos fixed for theb 18th instant, has been postponed until the 20th instant, owing to the 18th being the day of nomination for the Ministlorial elections. Thb following is the amount of the stakes won by the principal winners at the V.R.C. meeting: \--lon. J. White, £3577 18s; Mir. D. S. Wal lace, £62246; Mr. G. G. Stead, £1918; Mr. 2. Jaonbs, £1580 ; Mfr. J. O'Loughliu, £1187 2s. SWednesday, 20th instant, has beeoon proclaimed a poublic holiday in the district of Taralga, Thureday, 21st instant, in the district of Beor rima, and Friday, 22nd instant, in the district of Guunning. Impounded a1 Bungendore, 2nd March, from Turralla Reserve, by B. Mo Donald; suimdue at date of noticeo set after each animal:--Red and white cow, like JG off rump-8e Id; rod calf, unbranded, bald face--7a 4d : white heifer, like ou near rump--sa Id. Will be sold 28th March. i'nius oN DoxSON'S CoNuonRon TowAcco. Some unprincipled retailers of Tobacco are placing the ooauraon TIN- TAos upon Tobacco, and disposing of same as tihe genuine article. Now TgS PInLU O Anol THEREFOR CAUTIONED against this deuception, and are at the same timO respectfully invited to submit any doubtful pur chases to DIxsON & Soes, who offer a substantial reward for convicting evidence against the aforosaid offeders. CoC.ounoonTocco Weonx, Hyde Park.-AnvT. 