St. Marys Mechanics' Institute. VARIETY ENTERTAINMENT. IN AID OF THE BUILDING FUND. The entertainment given at the Protestant Hall, St. Marys, on Saturday night last, was a most suc cessful affair, both as regards attendance and tbe items offered. Considering that the entertainment had to be postponed last moon on account of the weather, it was feared by many that the delay would have caused interest in it to be lost, but this was not so, thanks to to a pushing Committee who left no stone unturned to make the affair, a success. Judge our surprise on Saturday night on going into the Hall some ten minutes before the time ad vertised for commencement to find nearly every seat occupied, and it was with some difficulty that wc obtained a seat last row but one. Among, those present so early we noticed Mr. S. E. Lees, M.P.,' Mr. Parr, Mr. ,J. K. Lethbiidge, J.P., Mr. Edgar Cox, J. P., and Mrs. Cox, besides all the leading resident.? of St. Marys and immediate vicinity. Thus early -Mr. Loin lia't busied himself among those present, having only a short time before ar rived from Mount Druitt. By the time the curtain rose for Lhe first part. although a number of, fresh chairs were .brought in and the aisle filled up. there was not a two shilling seat available, unles3 of course it were'. a standing seat." , . Of the entertainment itself we do not intend to particularise each item on the programme, every thing being so good, but we will generalise! The Twilight Minstrels with Mr. H. Wake as violinist, Mr. H. S. Wake as pianist, Mr. Scambary as bones, Mr. J. Herford as tambo and Mr. J. J. Herford as interlocutorr was all that could be desired, the. Wake family fairly " waking " the audience up with their, really first-class instrumental music, and nil of the; songs too were. well rendered. The glee "'Row Boatman Bow," was a.choice item and this showed that their instructor was one who understood his' business, the blending of voices being unusually good. The other songs, by Messrs. J. Behan, J. Herford, P. Herford. J. Scambary, J. J. Herford and W. Sainsbury, were all well rendered and very well received. The jokes too were mostly new. and some local ones took well indeed. Two of the conundrums are well worth repeating. "Why is St. Marys like the .United Kingdom 2" "Because she has-Ireland in the centre," meaning of course Mr. Ireland, of- the Volunteer .Hotel, in the centre of the town. Another, " Why is. St. Marys like a children's nursery ?" "Beeause.it lias a Cot in the corner,'"'meaning of course Mr. James Cott of the First and Last Hotel on the corner leading to the Railway Station. .The first part of the entertainment concluded with the " Ghost" ; characters by Messrs. Scam bary, J. Herford and J. J. Herford. Then followed songs by Miss Wake, Mr. J. J. Herford, Miss Charker, Miss A,'Turner and Mr. J. Herford, each of whom carried out their parts well, Mr. H. S. Wake acting as accompanist. A short intermission was then allowed in order to prepare the stage for the event of the evening, Dickens' celebrated trial scene " Bavdwell v. Pickwick." This was capitally mounted and cacli one, from the famous Sergeant Buzfuz to Mrs. Bardwell's little boy, who by the bye was supplied with a mammoth cake, did well. Mr. J. Herford, junr., as Pickwick, looked welt and acted well. Mr. J. Sainsbury, junr., as Sam. Weller, was a veritable " Samivel " and fairly brought down the house. Mr'. Forsyth was Sam. Weller the elder but little was seen of him. He, however,'came in at the right time. Mr. Wake, aenr., was certainly the character of the affair, and his delineation of the famous Sergeant Buzfuz would have put even the far famous "Jack " Wont, or our Mr. Hill,-in the shade.' Mr. Fleming, as Justice Starleigh, looked and acted as -any Justice should do. The other characters were as follows : Sergeant Simp kin, Mr. R. Guthrie; Sergeant Snubbin, Mr. J. Beacroft ; Mr. Phunkey, Mr. J. Downey ; Mrs. Bardoll, . Mr. F. Uharker; Master Bardcll, Master Sainsbury ; Mrs. Cluppins, Mr. W. Herford ; Mr. Perker, Sir. Taylor ; Foreman of Jury, Mr. Palmer ; Usher, Mr.. H. Soames and CJerk of Court, Mr. E. J. Rob bins. .The entertainment concluded at half-post ten everyone:present being well satisfied with the even, ing's entertainment; . 