LAND MONOPOLY AND WAGES. There is m doubt but that . . the labour problem throughout the whole world is one that must be solved some how. For the -past tew months the numerous sirtK.es tuai nave lanca pia. c are proof enough of the coming con flict between capital and labour; the ferment is at work and a clinax rau^t some day c j-ne. In the meantime thousands of willing workers are busy ing themselves trying to solve the problem which will -place matters on an equal footing for both sides. In times past there has been much said and ' written in favour of co- operation, and latterly there are thqse who have ad vanced an idea of profit sharing; which of these doctrines are the best to adopt, we have not as yet decided upon, but we can coincide with those reformers who declalrfe'Jhat the root of the whole matter is in land monopoly. We say with them, settle the land ques tion and you at once settle the wage question. To all those of our readers who have studied the subject, we think it is apparent that wages are not simply the amount paid to the labourer weekly or monthly, but rather a reward ob tained by all classes of workers whether producers or distributors. Thus the pro fits of the shopkeeper are wages, and taking the matter in hand from a shop keepers, stand-point we find such wages are the most heavily pressed upon by the rent system. All those who have troubled to think must have noticed 1-fhat may be called cycles of depression throughout the whole world. Capital ists, who have usbd their capital for ?ep^opLjictive work% have found at times that- their profits have become ?jreatiy redbced ; in fact, they have Found it utterly impossible to carry on, vhile ht the same time the investment :ompanies which are not productive iave made large profits. The ex planation of this is to be sought, say jur land reformers, in our present system of land tenure. It is known that the first comers — your Angas's, Duffield's, and Brown's and others — were allowed to grab up all the land md keep it from those who have follofl^ed, who either cb-npel them to :lear out or extort . from , them, a large imount of the '*ealth they produce [or the: privilege of rising the .soiL An itithority of great experience while ad Ires/mg a meeting a short- time since in Victoria pointed to the great benefits :o be derived .from the principles o and nationalization, as follows:— [- Rents must be reduced under the present system; rents were steadily Increased, though nothing Whatever eras done for the tenant Men worked like sla-ge$gr--aje,. harder^.hjitj slaves^— to establish their little tfcsiqieJl&j;, and then had th^miser^^j^^i^rWenng that tUeV:dMyed -^Mtu^^any, benefit- irorii'ikU' the\^.^r^^ ^or, as their business increased, sadijci their rent The landlord did nothing; He neither added new rooms^-nor^'repaired aid ones. But he steadily increased ihe rent Labour could not stand against such . a process, and . shop keepers were continually going ' in solvent .' Insolvency was almost as certain as death,' said an American economist/ and it was just as true for Australia. Thus were the ranks of the destitute continually reinforced by men 'and ''women who had. striven bravely against conditions, which, how ever, were too hard to be contended with. Thus -was the army, of tramps and paupers always increasing ; and the search for unknown lodes, we can only hope that history will ' repeat itself. Copper mining cannot be said to be in a very satisfactory condition. Though the price of the metal .in the English market has risen to about .£50; during the past week, there has been a sad outlook^ and our hitherto well known and profitable properties are merely ghosts of the past We ^are pleased to know that at Moonta the copper industry has been fairly active, and at Mutoorop and several other smaller properties men have been kept busy, but at our own Burra property, . which, . :we maintain, is the king of the lot, matters have been most seriously neglected. . It is a pity so valuable a mine should be allowed to remain idle. We confess it is hard to find a cause; from our knowledge of the property, we believe that work could be found for at least 106 men above the water level with' but a small outlay by the company ; and as to results, we have only to notice the work done by the few tributers the past few months. It appears to us that, payable copper has been neglected for the sake of hunting Eor unpayable silver, and in many instances legitimate mining has been ignored for the more easy modus iferandi of 'booming'* scrip. In parts of the colony, we ' have to thank 1 few investors who have paid labour 'or prospecting the country, even ocally we notice a party of working nen have spent pounds upon pounds n prospecting the Joker property, and :hey deserve praise for their energy, ind should be encouraged. There is 10 doubt but could payable ore of any iort be found around here, every one vould be more or less benefited. Speculation is rife, and gambling in scrip nahifest; . a great many claims both of 'old, copper, as well as silver are held by {peculators and gamblers, and there is id getting away t from x the fact that here have not been many companies loated for active mining operations, ni which the contributing shareholders iave not been disheartened and '*disr -ukted to find that the promoter's -atd-up shares could be bought in the -peii jnarket jor half the cost of die :ontribution. -? There is no doubt, -as ,n exchange pointed put a few days ince when referring to the matter, but hat the excessive ..valuation placed or^ heir interests i)y promoters and the arge proportion of paid-up shares, iave been a curse 'to ounnthingin lustry in the past We are awarej is has been said many times, ' that it s easier , to point our defects than iuggest 'remedies that are practical.' Jut we are really ? sorry that scrip abbing cannot be checked and- mining peculation prevented from being pre erted into pure gambling. . We have dislike to monopolists and gamblers, nd hence their downfall for the sake if honest industry would be wel omed by us, on behalf of the thou ands who still might be benefitted by lonest mining industry. . 