MAT. -We will not "list totbe lay of tbe mopoke," neither will we list to the lay of the jackass, nor the barn-door fowl, nor the crocodile, nor the lay of the ornithorynchus, nor any other bird, beaBt, or fish, that bringetb forth its young in eggs. You cannot hear a mopoke lay; it is a physic il impoBBibi ity "LL. D."—You are always asking us something hard, if we know the law you cannot ;be held responsible when the bailiff who has come to reside with you till your troubles blow over gets drunk and scalds himself by Bitting in the soup, but we are not a lawyer, and our other habita are not vicious. Maybe it would be as well to kill the bailiff right out, and destroy all evidence against you. We find it comes cheapest in the end to kill the bailiffs at the outset, and bury them without ostentation in the back yard. " 'MICHAEII."—Very instructive, indeed. In your article we learn for the first time that bricks grow on trees. This is a fact in natural history that had hitherto escaped our intelligent and discriminating eye. We suppose you go out when the bricks are ripe, and knock them down with a stick. How very convenient! Is the brick crop especially good this season ? D. T."—We have never found alcoholic stimulants necessary to intellectual effort; on tbo contrary rum unnerves tbe hand and unhinges the eye, rendering it extremely difficult to wield tbe scissors with telling effoct. If, as you say. you tbink whiskey absolutely indispensable to intelligent work, we hope you'll take a little before writing again. "DODE."—Too blue, young man. The bright cerulean hue of your jokelet renders its suppression necessary. Call round, and we will give you a tract. " S. S, S."—Very promising; will do with a little doctoring in the shape of expurgatory measures. Try and condense next time; loquacity is hateful on paper—even more so than in Parliament. "NATIVE."—Your verse:is fairly well written, but it lacks ideas ; eighty lines of rhyme to convey so very slight an impresBion is too big a bill. " EIGHTY-EIGHT."—You bad better nail up tbe windows, bar tbe door, plug the chimney, and tho c. crawl under the bed and await events. You seem very much in earnest yourself, but your long, paralytic disquisition on tbe numerous disasters of late and your deductions therefrom fail to impress us to tbe extent you evidently counted upon; we are not going to turn over a new leaf; we are too busy storing away our summer lies and turning over tbe winter stock. " B.B."—We have already explained tbe system ofmanu" facturing European cable lies for Australian dailies. We have examined tbe forwarded specimens of your powers of romance and the great stretch of your imagination, and believe you are gifted with sufficient talent to shine as a London correspondent. Make application in yo\ir own handwriting, and send samples. " FOOL-KILLER."—Hardly comes up to standard, although you show traces of possessing a pretty wit, as an old friend of our family, one Bill Shakespeare, was wont to say. Try again, and hunt up a less conventional subject. " SILENT POLITICS."—We print the verse hereunder :— " Most noteworthy the fact That the champion of jaw, The foeman of the Act That would top their talk by law, And politics redeem Prom tbe awful wearing ban Of those who talk by steam, Is SbielB, the ladies man." We recognise the full significance of your observa tion, and believe that the boa. member has been put up by tbe woman's rightists to defend the holy privileges of jaw. " TOBY SENIOB."—What are you driving at ? We have gone nearly distracted and tangled our intellect up into a bard knot in a wrong-headed endeavour to discover the purport of that myeteriouB article. Are you trying to have a soft. Bad editor on a string, aud beguile a lone journalist who is left an orphan in his old age ? or are you not sober yet ? •I g Xi "—Too mixed and tangled up to suit our 6ub- 'ecribers; the beginning commences at the end, and the middle is Btuck too far up, also the end is shoved along in front, and generally and all round the article reads as if it had been written in a fit. Please don't write any more unless you positively cannot help it^ " GUM BOUGH."—Your Eentiment is too thin, and the poem seems, to a strong, healthy parson, like a pint of milk that has fallen into a tank of water. We do not think you will live to suit UB. " P K " (South Melbourne).—Your rhymes are too much 'about nothing to please our fancy; write us a good deal less about something, and you may be hung out before the public. "ABEL" fSale).—Useful stuff. That tea-meeting item must go into the W.P.B. We try to steer clear of theological discussions, even if it is only the discussion of a muffin or a bun. " CHEEK."—Beyond our province. If you bad the perception of an owl you would understand that such matter could find no place in a paper like IUNCH. « JJBW CHUM."—We have no "Poor Houses," haven't we? That's all you know. Ask our theatrical managers. " GASSON."—Wo hardly understand your story now wo have read it. Did the hero's bad uncle murder the hero's father to get the money, or did the hero murder bis father to get the bad uncle, or did the father murder the bad uncle, who then rose up in tbe form of a ghost to murder the hero for no particular reason,-or did they all murder each other, and what did they do it for, and where did they expect to go to When they died? Is there anybody left living when the 6tory ends ? if so, how many, and what do vou expect is to become of t hem ? Does the heroine survive that fall into a chaff cutter and have to walk about ever afterwards on her elbows, or does she go rieht through the machine and eventuate m the Bhapeof fine oaten chaff? You ought to be more definite about these trifles if you want to build a successful story. < A. iouko lady doing the Block the other day wasaddie.sed by one of her gentleman friende, veto after a few utual remarks about the weather, handed her a well finished Ihoto. of herself. The lady waB naturally very much EurpriEcd at *eeing her Photo, in the hands of the gentleman, as she wag quite sure that she had nei er given it to him, and he, on ths other hand, could not have token it without her knowing tb e fact. But the n ystery was econ solved, as the gentleman explained that he had bought a Detective Camera of BAKER & ROUSE'S, who have now in thow the Lajgcst Stock ever exhibited in theEe colonies. Ihe assortment comprises all the best English and Continental makerf. Infection invited. Don't forget the aiidtess .—BAKER & MOU8B 37 Collins-street east, opposite Bank of Victoria. 