LOCAL AND GENERAL. Jonen BatGeadcnad. To drink unboiledt wvator at Broklt ill'ia reckoned as little better'than suicide. ' " TYreoIn in Auotralia is fast assuming the proportions of a "national epidemic." i M?.S. EOERIrA will probably take. upp. survey woer on the Pacilic cable route. : Ma. COOPFE will art as Orown Prbsccutor at the 3aitland Gircuit Court on April 1. Toer defective state of the sanitary arrange. meets? a;t Wolileond and Plattaburg is dis:a grtaceful S'Av 6s a.year and stand the risk of ill. oealth and'an 'epdesnio. " Whatbfools these, mortals be.." TUE Wickham Council, last night, was a weritable Tower of Babel, eight aldtermen -tlking at once. YeEsTnuA'os court proceedings disclosed a ecandalous state of affairs as regards the 'bus traffle of the city and subuibs'.(:' ''i' 'Tre hospitals at Broken Hill and Silvoton are always full of typhoid patients-vide our Adelaido.correspondent's letteorpublished to., day. WALLsExD and Plattsburg will soon be v·ery nice places-to live outof-if thel.night soil question is not " wrestled" with in grim earnest. TIE £1000 guaranteed by the maqagement commitbtee of the Bailors' Hiome has been paid oil, and there is a credit balance of £600 in hand. Tire complimentary concert tendered to Mr. E. Farley by his Eisteddfod choir takes place at the Victoria Theatre on the 4th proximo. J~ ar GouLD says he favours peace on earth. That's all right, but he seems to want the entire piece. It's a little way "heroes of civilization" have. GREAT improvements have been effected both internally and externally at thie Sailor's Home, and further extensive additions and alterations are to be made. Toe committee of management, of the Sailors' Home are to be congratulated on the satisfactor5 state into which they have brought the affairs of that institution. SIR GEORGE BOWEr'S promised autobio graphy will be deeply interesting if le pub-. tlishes the secret despatches anent which 'Chief Justice Higinbotham got his back up so thigh. War should cleanly people be made.to suffe:, and have their health and lives en dangered, because their neighbours aie toe mean or negligent to keep their cldsets' cleau ? TrPccOID germs when placed in water multiply at an amazing rate. That is amnice. comfortable reflection for people living at Wallsend and Plattsburg where the',.fever nov exists.' IlR. AND Mons. BooTr, the\superintendent ael matron of the Sailors' Home, have been conplimented by the committee of manageno. mint on the manner in which they discharged thLir duties. A. RoonA?~PrToar reporter having to get up ar article on "Is marriage a failure ?" rang up a prominent spiritualist and asked if he culd arrange for an interview with the spirit dc Brigham Young. Ia the Wallsecd and Plattsburg Councils ere not willing to attend to the sanitation of the districts under their charge, then the government should be called upon to compeol them to do their duty. " THEREe are none so blind as those who will not see," and the aldermen of Wallsend and 'Plattsburg will have their eyois openied unexpectedly in a disagreeable fashion some day, when it is, perhape, too late. Roeaor on Rats for dogs and cats Is pison sure and certain; It is not right for human wiight?. With it to drop life's curtain. So.?rEnoDY in the society papers has been calling the Prince of Wales "the first gentle. man in England." This is pretty rough on Lord Chesterfield, not to speak of the late George the Fount t, of pious memory. A PmIe broke out at Dixon's Tobacco Feactory, Sydney, early yesterday morning, and thIe thick and pungent smoke overcame Superintendent Bear and several firemen, who had to be carried out of the building. TuIs evening a meeting of purchasers of lond in Warner's Estate, Lake Macquarie, who have been unable to obtain certain deeds in connection with their purchases, will be held at the Criterion Hotel, Hunterstreot. A CONTERENCC of the various municipali ties is to be held at the Newcastle Council Chambers to-day, to deal with Dr. Ashburton Thompson's report in reference to the drain age question affecting the whole of the muni cipalities. SIT is stated tha thlere is a probability that the booksellers and chemists of the cnty have determined to close their establishments on future Thursday afternoons, and avail them selves of the half holiday which other trades men enjoy on that.day. Ax the Waratah Licensing Court, yester day, Sergeant Grennan said that from what he had seen, and from representations made to him, he considered West Wallsend was in such a state as to immediately require the presence of a resident constable. A MEETING of' thie management committee of the Sailors' Home, consisting of Messrs. C. H. Hitnnell, chairman, and Richard Hall; Joseph Wood and F. Gardner, secretary, met on Tdesday last. The report'disclosed a 'highly satisfactory stabo of things. SIR JAM?Es? GARRIC (late Agent-General) and Major-Geneoral Fielding, the Transcon-. tiriental Syndicate representative, are both London directors of the Queensland Invest; ment Company, which is suing the late Ulate Premier and. his nQmancial friends for ,malfeasance. RIonoID M'Aureiac,: who hlias become ,notorious on account of his frequent appear ances before the court for breaches of the Sby-laws, was yesterday fined £5 and costs, or a monthl in, gaol, for furious driving. James Sii'iidg~e, an ambitious, rival, also had to "pay £3 for a similar offence. IN connection with the s.nniversaey ser. ..vices rof ,the.-. Welsh Calvimnstic Church, .Lanibton, a', public tea and meeting will be .held this,(Thursday) evening in the .oluroh. A good programme of vocal andinstrumental' Imusic is arranged, interspersed by addresses 'from several well-known reverend gentleo Imen. * A wo-Aronamned Coulston • was, yestordnay, attthe Newcactle Police Court, fined, 20s, in 'default twenty-one days' imprisonment, for •an unlawful asesault upon her daughtera. girliten years. of age, whom, it was alleged, .slie-Ab'ei??ei with ,a'strap until her bodyv was .,saverod ith li'bniises. ,Tr?i recent complimentary banquost to .Aldermian Clristiwase such a financial euce eassthat, after all liabilitieshad been dis .eharigd, thIe joint 'eceretarios, Mfessrs. R. Longer and J. Frogloy, found themselves with a balance of £6 Thie committee has decided' that this sum is to be divided be. treen the Newcastle lHspital and the Beneo vle'nt Society. O, Bnoorson (J.N.) has gone. out to the : west, Of water arrangements to asee which is best; To examine the bore baldy , evies has made. \- Let us hope that of tbores he wil not be 'afiaid. ' For the banquet at Bourko 'mongst tIhe fowls there'll be slaughter; Eaeh speech be inspired by nothing but water; P.eep sinking, artesian, and drills' will come handy, And Ea de vie spouted without any brandy. For, ose wine to thie heart from the full headed bowl, To the st?uatter is water to gladden his soul, May' the hinisteer's visit procuir hliim :idue thoifkse, ' ' '?,,r ,&nd; settlsru jejoipe soon 'isp p''edowing tanks, A LA? wanted to make quacks qua?.e. Youosa man drowned while bathing in the Yarra 'ycsterd ay. WipaEnwould itjb6'diffioult to float a loan? A-lone inithe desere. e . rn tini Feritas. What will the product of this Soiners 'ine be ?' TsHERB is nothing little to be really great in spirit.-Uliarles Dickens. AircDreAONx DAW~BS is to be appointed co.adjutor Bishop of Brisbane. SKINNER and skates, rices and fd es. Elitbarink opens Monday. next;' : i . S:ONLY 96 allotmentfs-left- ii thie -Gorgerille estate, to be offered on Saturday, April 6th. .FAR betteres it to,know everythine of a littletthrin a l'ittlb ofieverything.' :Picering. Ie the penalty for attempted surieide was hanging, there would soon be a scarcity of subjects. LILLY JOIINSON las been committed for trial for drowning her child in a bucket in Melbtirnrie. . T~odBhisbato "p orts" have had a row. and .one had to pay £5 for knocking the other down. • "~i:s??'ir~s'at' the" -Kw(Vie.)Ooort yesterday, when one magistrate told another his opinion of him. -~0IooTING ease, in which a man.smashed the jaw of his paramour; took place at C?coktown yesterday. Bo': URoARIsc?sre becomning frequent in Victoria. Alotof property has been stolen from a house in South Melbourne. S'A"N extensiveo and peculiar bank robbery has been committed in Melbourne, £1225 in notes were stolen from the strong room. ..'!No-other colour or tint would be so ap propriate as green for Pat to swear by," saiys one of his Australian countrymen. W.HY don't the tomato-growers look out and expose the scoundrels <who swindle the ,public with vile stuff ii tlhe shslape of sauce ? S'PEbrLi.puttingtheir.money into' the banks in Ireland becauseKing Balfour has$r~edered it unsafe to 'use it in works' of develdpment. HArPrIwss must be cultivated.-, It',is like character.; It is not a thing to, be let safely aloie foir a modm'ent, or it will ruin foiweeds. -E. 8. Phelps. Mn HECTron CAMERON; a leading squatter intho Blackwell districtl.(Q), .was found dead- by his.::window yesterday. ,Heart disease. MR. Hu ,, authori of "We don't want to fight, but, by Jingo, if we do," declared in the Law Courts that he' received £200 'fior that pol?dlar song. : : , Tns wise man is but a learner; in fact, spelling.letters from' a hierographical, pro phetic book,, thb lexicon. of which 1lies in eternity.- Carlyle. . 'TnE Burwood fire-brick and pottery works, andSthe stock of pipes; bricks, &c.;, to be sold at auction by Messrs. Creer and Son, to mor row, on the ground. .ALL the doors that lead inward to the secretplace of the MIost High, are doors out ward-out of self- out of smallness-out of wrong -George Mfacdonald. Tone licensee of the Northlumberland Hotel, West Wallsend, was yesterday, at the-Waratah Licensing Court, fined £10 and costs for Sunday-selling on the 17th instant. ALDERMAN Frewin is budding forth as the top- talker of the Wickham Council.'. :He's evidentlycaughlt the eaccetlses loquendi from: somebody. WALTER FAIRBROTIIER was caught search ing for curios in the Townsville Museum on Tuesday night. He had selected some valuable gold specimens and old coins when discovered. A .DISTRICT near Smyrna-a narrow strip of land about 60 miles long, and averaging about 8 miles broad-yields 'the annual pro ducte of dried figs that is exported to every large city in Europe.-.. ..... A SARCOPHAOUs has been discovered at Sb. Mandrico, near Toulon, which is ,believed, from the inscription and effigy, to be that of St. Flarvien, who was murdered near there by the Visigoths in 513. \- )BROKEN HILL is a hot bed of typhoid fever, according to our Adelaide corres pondent's letter published in this issue. Read it, and take warning, ye aldermen of Walls end and Plattsburg. THE Chicago Times, having charged in a long article that the police of that city were acting as "fences " for thieves, the.publisher and city editor were both arrested on January 4, on a charge of criminallibel. AT the Sydney Central Police Court yes terday the five men charged with inciting Walter Hawkins and others to personate at the recent Central Cumberland- elections wereremanded until to-day. - IN the' ordinary concerns of life, moral energy is more serviceable than brilliant partd, while in the.more important, these latter are of little weight without it, evaporat ing only in brief and barren' tlashes.-Pres cott. ' TiHE leading EOnglish winning sire last year was Galopin, with upwards of £29,550, of which Donovan won £16,500. Isonomy is see - 1, with £.27,g00, of which £20,000 was won by Seabreeze.' Bend Or is third, 'with £21,000. " MY friends," said a teinperance lecturer, lowering his -voice to an impressive whisper, " if all the grog-shops were at the bottom of the sea, what would be the result I" For answer camg: "Lots of people would get drrowned." , A NAN who had suddenly acquired great wealth was invited to a dinnerparty. Among the entrees was fillet of beef with mush rooms. Whilst engaged upon the beef he whispered to his neighbour, ?'Do you- ea theb clothes;pegs, too?": . . . - "SiiR Isaac: NeWTON, the" Pritice of Philo sophere," died at Kensington, March 20, 1727; in the 85th year of his age. He was born on Christmas Day, 1642. Pope was the author of his:fanmouseopitaphl :- . i • f= Nature and nature's laws lay hid in night: God said,' Let Newton' be,' and all was \- light." . But Pope also penned the following lines: "Superior brings, when'of liate theyseaw 'A mo?rtal iain iunfolding nature's law, - Admired such wisdom in d human shhtpe, Anid-showed a Newton as we -hbow an iApe." TnE Rev. Henri White, of the Savoye COhapel, London, states that out of 1000 couples which he assisted to join together, only one pair had found marriage a failiro. " MAYOR of Wiekham,.addressing the Coun cil" last"e'niglit :""'We'll' liavo ' fo stop this. You've been drifting airay.like blazes." All the civio: :dignitaries ;were ,talking simul taneously, when the head of the local' Par. liament put the curb upon them.: - , - THE Victoriaith i Mihister f6r oks bj bts to the colony being rfado 'airnfuge for the. uncmployed of thoe'othler colonies,'andS iil not establish. a-labour -bureau or start.relief. works. He is going.to employ thosd,out of, employment inu I? elbourne bn fecessary: works. '' " '' To?E railway ?etweii: Tientsin,' Talku;: rihd Tong-elhan is practically tho flret railway in Ohiuna. It is only 861 miles long, and joins S.ientsin and the port of Taku with the great coal xegion around Tong-shani, wheki the new Kioiping colliery is situated. The line has been entirely built by the Chinese - ' PooRa Hennikor-Heaton at larst lhas been 4eaten And made to pay up by " his ghost." In other words, "Dennis," for all knowl his pen is The one that 11r.. used the most. ' His speeches so airy and fame lite~ea-rec ToVere paid for at so munh a line, At least, only paid when.the ghost had been laid, . " And H.E. had a bighequeto sign... \- ' Mlos-af: - - If to 'saveyouiselfpains, : ; , Aiid jydu're wanting in brains,: You mak 'use ofa.adother man's skill, "1 , [o owrful to pay, or you'll long rue the day. S- - ou neglested to settle the bill. 