THEOBDEROf SISTERS OF MERCY. AN IMP03ING OEftBMONY. On Tuesday momirig a large and t ashion»bla asBtmblage witrjeBsed, in St. Franoia Xwier's Cathedral, the reception oi four postulants info the order of the Sisters of Merer. The ladies who were received were Miss Margaret Carroll, who assumed the name of Sister Mary Gertrude, Miss. Annie Brigga (Sister Mary de Pazzi), Miss Sarah Briggs (Sister . Marv Gabriel), and MisB Ma^y Noonan (Sister Mary Monica). Shortly after 11 o'clock his Grace ArchbiBhop Reynolds, acsompanied by Archdeacon RuBeell, Dean Nevin, Dean Kennedy, and Fathers O'Sallivan, O.S B , A.. Gandolfi, J. McMahoni W.McEroy.P. Hurley, T. Dohenny. P. Jorgenson, and Otmrch, entered tbe cathedral, and took up positions in the sanctuary, his grace being 6eated on a throne, which had been prepared for him frouticg tbe altar. Immediately afterwards the sisters entered, being preceded by four little girls dressed in white and carrying flowere, and the postulants being supported by the mother superior and the mother assistant. The four postulants were dreBsedin handsome bridal costumes of white satin, and wore white satin eboes and the usual white tulle veils ornamented with orange bloBsaotna. The choir sang the hymn ' O Gloriosa Yirginnm' as the procession entered and the postulants took up a kneeling position in front of the archbishop, the sisters taking their places on the right and left. His grace then blessed four was tapers and handed one to each of the postulants, whom he addressed in the following terms: — 'Receive, dearly beloved daughter, the corporal light as an emblem of the inward light to diepel all the darkness of ignorance or error ; that illuminated with the light of divine wisdom, with the fexvor of the Holy Ghost, thou mayest deserve to be eternally united with JeEus Christ, the Spouse of the Church, who liveth and reigueth with God the Father in the unity of the Holy Ghost, world without end. Amen.' A fchort and impressive sermon was then preached by Father O'Sullivan, who took for his text the words—' We have been made a spectacle to the world, and to man, and to the angels.' The day on which tliey were assem bled, he Eaid, was the Feast of our Lady of Mercy. They - had come to witness a solemn ceremony — the dedication of four souls to our Lady in her Son's own house ; and what more appropriate day, he asked, could po3aibly have been chosen for such an occasion ? The natural question would be certain toarise— Why such pomp; why eo much ceremony ; and what were Iheee favored souls about to do ? Thsy were only going to censecrate to their Miker what already belonged to Him. They had re ceived a special call from Almighty Gad to serve Him, and it was as a sign of gratitude to Him that this? great ceremony of ratifying the call by a public profceEion-w&s; attended with eo muchpcnip. This act waa one which calied into play the fulfilment not of precepts alone but of coussels. They had come there not only to witness a great ceremony, but » great sacrifice as well— a sacrifice made by young people in the prime of life, and at a time when the whole world was before them. Gregory the Great had called these daughters of the church, who devoted their lives to the per formance of works for the greater honor and elory of God, tbe ' elect body of the church,' and the rev. gentleman pointed out how well the remark was justified when we came to consider the self -sacrificiDg character of their labors and how their lives were entirely de voted to tbe visiting and attending to the wants of the poor, the nursisg of the sick, the Education of the young, the comforting of the needy, and the consoling of the dying. - What wonder was it then that the Church should come forward with her ceremony to show her gratitude to the Almighty for the special grace He had deigned to confer on these special ones among His servants. The reward that God would give such servants would be the greatest and most masrnificent He could beBtow, because, their sacrifice wa,3 the greatest a human being could make. He would call this the first final step in tiie re nouncing of the wor'd's pomps and vanities. It was not the last, because that came on the day of profession when they confirmed for ever the vows which they now aspired to make. By the s'-ep they now took they cast aside the vanity of the world, they cast aside itB ornamentB and its trappings once and for all, they abandoned its pleasures, and they cut adrift all connection between themselves and it. Father O'Sullivan thendrewapowerful picture of the ambition, the envy, the bicker ings, the striving after wealth and position which characterised the worldly-minded person, and contrasted it with the life of a Sister of Mercy, who having renounc-d the world led a life of ' peace and contentment, nev6r thinking of the morrow, busy ever in the performance of those duties which has eo well entitled her to the term of a 'ministering angel,' and always happy in the knowledge that when her span of life is ended here a crown of glory greater than any that any monarch of this poor world could award awaitB her at the hands of the Saviour she has served so well. At the conclusion of the sermon his grace enquired from each poBtnlant if it waB with her own free will that she demanded the holy habit of religion, and beiDg answered Id the affirmative the four postulants, conducted by the mother superior and mother assistant, retired for the purpose of putting off their secular dress. Daring their absence his grace bleBsed their habits and veils, which were conveyed to them by one of the religieuees. On their return they received hia grace's bleeaingj and were clothed in their new habiliments. The mother assistant then con ducted them to tbe mother superior, who embraced them, the rest of the sisterhood doing tbe same. Alter further prayer and the chanting of pealms the proceedings ter minated. The ceremony was undoubtedly one of the most solemn and impressive that has ever been witnessed in the cathedral, which was handsomely draped with flowers for the occasion, this work having been kindly undertaken by Miss Baker. Toe choral service was -particularly beautiful, the singing of the 'Memorare' being specially worthy of mention. 