The DeatlC of : tlie , Crown Prince of Austria. By the arrival of the It. M.S. Ormuz at Albany the Argus is in receipt of the fol lowing fromdts London correspondent:— .- ; LONDON, FBDnuABY 8. ? Many conflicting statements are current resDectintr ? the : circumstances of Prince Rudolph's death. The following narratives supply details of the versions most widely, circulated. J Prince Rudolph had for the last three years! at least been living in a bad way. Ilis disappointment at havinj no son ? estranged him from his wife, and his infidelities completed the separation. Gradually it became apparent that the young pair, formerly so attached, were lBndinc a cat- and-'doc life. The Prince took to drinking to ; excess, and being of slight build, a nervous lymphatic tem perament, and highly imaginative and excitable, he could not stand wine. -'e lost, his! interest ift his literary purauits and artistic studies, arid was always ?craving for excitement. He did mad things when out bear-shontirfg and deer stalking. He 'Was -frequently' seen with iUislu-d. face. He took pleasure in loose society, became. smitten with a r'ondnKS3 for ghost stories and ? spiritualism. ' and wns haunted with a fear that he might : berom« mad, like Louis the Second of Bavaria. He had nu intrigue with a Baroness Marie von V., O'voung'. lady 21: years old, one of the beauties of Austrian society. Shebelonp^l to an old Czech family, and was niece of a well-knnwn Austrian sportsman. The uc quaintance between the baroness : and the Crown Prince began some' months ago. This increased the estrangement between the Prince and his wife. He scarcely made any secret of hia determination to obtain a divorce/ ; He counted confidently on1 re ceiving the assistance of- the Emperor, on account of the. disappointment experienced by His Majesty when the. doctors certified t.hafc the Crown Princess could have no further issue. To.theCrown Prince's sur prise and; disappointment, however, the Emperor point blank refused to counte nance anything of the kind. His Majesty professed himself, as he undoubtedly is, very much attached to the Crown 'Princess, and he rated his son for his- un martial conduit. ; Oh Sunday,, the 27th : January* there was a terrible scene between the: Prince arid his wife. The Princess Stephanie threatened to return to hqr parents in . Belgium, and the ; Prince, taunted^ her with haying no son. The' Emperor had . to interfere. He told the Prince that he would appoint him Governor of Bosnia and oblige him to go' and1 live at Serajevo. :' There,' be said, '? you will have tO'lead a reputable- life; and there will he an end to all these scandals.' !At the same time the Emperor cautioned the Princess to be more patient with her husband. The Crown Prince was seen tor the lait time in public at the Princess Rhuss's reception. On that same Sundayevening ne was wear ing the Prussian uniform, aria seemed .ina gay mood.i though flushed -and somewhat flighty. The next morning his father sent for him; and repeated what lie ihad: said on the '-previous j day, but with :raore: peremp-- torihess;.' adding ; that .hef.wouldi-give the: Prince.aiweek'to.iriake.his submission; and promise. to lead a better life. The Prince' got^very angry.:and.Teft hisrfather.without kissing his. band; according: to ithe-Austrian; custom. Striding away to his apartments, he took of! his uniform, put on a suit of shooting clothes, and sent notes to Prince Philip of Coburg, and Count Joseph Hojos, inviting them to- join him at Jleyerling for a couple of days'- shooting. Soon afterwards he started' for Meyerling in a two-horao cab; driven by a ' man ] named Bratfitsch, a noted singer of comic -songs. On Tuesday night the Prince dined with Count Hoyos, and steadied his nerves with a good deal 'oE champagne. At- first he' was in very low spirits, but he gradually brightened up, arid after dinner Bratfitsch, the cabman, was summoned to sing to him. The Prince, Count Hoyos, and' Brattitsch remained to gether until 3 o'clock in the' morning; but during the intervals between Bratfftsch's songs the Prince soveral times left tho dining-room and went to his study to write letters, which were afterwards found on his desk; At 3 a.m. this singular company separated, on the understanding that the Prmce would go out shooting at 9 o'clock in the morning. From this point the accounts differ, some telling the gamekeeper's story, and making the girl who1 committed suicide not the Baroness von V., but another young lady of the Austrian aristocracy ot Portuguese extraction ? ana neruo. bumper, xue uay after the Prince's departure from Vienna she went out shopping with her aunt, and gave that lady the slip while the two were in a warehouse .together. On reaching Meyerling she insisted on seeing the Prince. The interview quite unnerved him. She stormed, and declarod that her shame would soon become public, and ended by saying that unless the' Prince would take her openly under his protection, and elope with her for a few weeks of foreign travel she would commit suicide. The Prince was so frightened that he dared not let the girl go back to Vienna5 alone, hue proposed that she should- remain for the night at Meyerling, and she was accordingly installed in' the; lodge- of the heud ¥amekeeper, a man named Gothschart. n the night the Prince slipped out and went to , the i gamekeeper's lodge to see the young, lady. ; At this hour the uuder keeper,ia man named Weedering, was going ?his night rounds.' :ile had orders to call the head keeper at ;b o clock, and at the hour dppuintutf he went: to the lodge and knocked att the dour.:; He -was carrying a double barrelled loaded, gun si uug over his back. Suddenly, while he knockod at the front door of the -house, he heard a window at the side open un'l somebody jump out. Haviug no ideaiUiat the Princo was in ihe house, ho ran round and saw a man acain pur ing off in the dark.; Ho shouted ?' stop,'' mid the next instant fired. The man dropped, hit iu the shoulder. . U'eedering hurriud up, arid the prown Prince, struggling to his fesi, gusped out, ?:. I. am the Archduke Rudolph. I am- hit. Lead me to the Schloss.' The Prince swooned- juat as ne reuched the window, where :? the girl whom he had left a few moments before was standing. \Veedering appears then tohave called out in his distraction that he had killed the Prince, upon which the girl withdrew with a dismaved shriek, and swullowed the contents.- of a bottle of poison which uhe had brought with her. It is not cur-ain whether. the Prince knew what she had done.. The only certain thing is tlmt re covering quickly from his swoon he ord-Teil Weedering again: to nelp him to Wa.k to the Schloss, and gave him the strictest in junctions to hold his tongun. The Prince then went home,- anrt shortly, at'wrwards was found lying dead, '. drenchHd with blood. He. was lying half out of bed, and a revolver was on the floor. According to, another story thu game keeper's tale is -nil false; and r.hu truth is said to be as follows : — The -Prince went to Meyerling, and the Baroness Mnrie disap peared, leaving a note for her mother in which she said that she was going to drown herself i Her terrified, mother instantly went to Count Tnafte; the Austrian Premier, and the latter pronrsed- to cause enquiries to -bo -.made. Detectives were accordingly placed upon the track of the young lady, and on the following day they made the:; discovery that she was staying with, the Orown Prince at Meyerling. Count . Taaffe conveyed the iriformati n to her mother, who, on Wed nesday morning, the day of the suicide, went to the Emperor and laid the matter before him. On re'urning home th* mother found another letter from her daughter, dated from Meyerling,,in which the youth ful bareness announced .! that she and the Crown Prince had reaolverl to CTjiTiit flui- cide together, The Prince hnd promised her mnrriase as soon n's he.. obtained li'S divorce from the Princess, 'and' when -he informed her that this wa? now impossible owing to i the Emperor's refusal to consent to .the divorce, they resolved to commit suicide. This they (lid on the Wednesday morning, in the bedroom of ther 'Prince. When Loschek, the Prince's yalet, entered the bddrnom in t'je morning, after having vainly knocked for admittance, he found the bodies of the two 'lovera lying on the bed. Before callingfpr anyone he, carried the body oE the baroness' into an adjoining room, so that when Prince . Philippe of Coburg and Count Hoyos, on being' sum- moned by Loschek, .; entered the bedroom, they saw only the : body of the Crown Prince, and naturally, concluded that it was a simple case of suicide, as was reported to the Emueror. : . . , On being informed of his son's, deal h the Emperor at once suspected the truth, nud exclaimed, ' 1 would rather have lost a pro vince than that this disgrace should have befallen me.' : , The correspondent of the Daily New3 at Romo states that he has been. able to learn the exact particulars- of, whatoccurred at the Vatican between thelloly See arid the Imperial Family o£ Vienna on the occasion oE Prince Rudolph's death. ;The Pope. re-, ceived the first telegram, announcing simply the death of the Prince, to which His Holiness himself wrote a reply of a few lines, and this for.him was an extra ordinary thing to'do, ns'he'has the greatest difficulty in holding a pen. On the follow ing day there enme a long telegram . from Vienna, explaining all the circumstances of the case, from which it appeared that' there had been both a, suicide and a duel, A difficulty, therefore, arose to decide whether the Archduke should have religious burial according to canonical law! . Suicide being considered in the light of iriadnes?, a re ligious service is granted,, but' it is not allowed to those killed in duels. Th'ecbngre gation of cardinals immediately' ^assembled, by order o£ tho Pope, to examine into the question..- After,' a1 long ^discussion : the ?cdrdiridlscame to. the' conclusion' -that only; one deranged in mind.^cpiildr have entered into such.a- duel.. ; The natural 'consequence: i of the decision. was that the rriecessary per ; riiissiori was granted. The 'Eiriperor received the news with the deepest gratitude, and telegraphed to the Pope that in his great bereavement His Holiness had spared him the greatest grief. 