THE FROZEN PIRATE. at BY W. CLARKE RUSSELL, i Author of 'The Wreek of the Grosvenor tl ' The Lady Mnaud,' ' A Sailor's Sweet- gl heart,' Eto. cr CuerrE XXVI.-I .a TnoUBLED Bi m Tnocorrra or 'raE TREnaSmURE. hi The weight of the wind in the rigging In steadied the schooner somewhat, and pro- oly sented her from rolling too heavily to he starboard, whilst her list corrected her or larboard rolls. So as I sat below she seemed on to me to be making tolerably good w weather of it. Not much water came w aboard; now and again I would hear the lii clatter ofa fall forwards, but at comfortably th long intervals. th I sat against the dresser with my back al upon it, and being - dead tired must have re dropped asleep on a sudden-indeed, before I tb had half smoked my pipe out, and I do not as believe I gave a thought to my situation m before I slumbered, so wearied was I. du The cold awoke me. The fire was out ts and so was the candle in the s' lanthorn, and I was in coffin darkness. This the tinder-box speedil remedied. I at looked at my watch-seven p clock, as I was i a sinner! so that my sleep had lasted be- st tween three and four hours. al I went on deck and found the night still lI black upon the sea, the wind the same brisk to gale that was blowing when I quitted the ci helm, the sea no heavier, and the schooner v4 tumbling in true Dutch fashion upon it. I di looked very earnestly around but could see hi no asigns of ice. There would be daylight 5I presently, so I went below, lighted the fire, t and got my breakfast, and when I returned hi the sun was up and the sea visible to its hi furthest reaches. pi It was a fine wintry piece: the sea green tl and rumning in ridges with frothing heads, w the sky very pale among the dark snonw- h, laden clouds, the sun darting a mry now ce and again, which was swrung into the north by the shadows of thie clonuds until W they extinguished it. ernemote in the north- fo west hung the gleam of an iceberg; thee was cc nothing else in sight. Yes-something that v, comforted me exceedingly, though it was n" not very many days ago that a like object cr had heavily scared me- an albatross, a noble at bird, sailing on the windward close enough at to be shot. The sight of this liring thing di was inexpressibly cheering; it pot into my ti head a fancy of ships being at hand, ni thoughts of help and of human companions. gi In truth, my imagination was willing to ill accept it as the same bird that I had 1a frightened away when in the boat, now re- ce turned to silently reproach menc for my treat- of ment ofit. Nay, my lonely eye, my sub- cc dued and suffering heart might even have to witnessed the good angel of my life in that cs solitary shape of ocean beauty, and have al deemed that, thonugh unseen, it had been or with me throughout, and was now made cc visible to my gaze by the light of hope that w had broken into the darkness of my adventure. ni Well, supposing it so, I should not have ir been the only man who ever scared his good III angel away and found it faithful after- m wards. hi I unlashed the tiller and got the schooner' pi before the wind and steered until a little tc before noon, letting her drive dead before the - sea, which carried hler north-east. Then tl securing the helm amidships I ran for the n quadrantandwhilstwaiting forthesuntoshow himself I observed that the vessel held her- ci self very steadily before the wind, which Al might have been owing to her high stern sl and great swell of her sides and her round tl bottom; but be the cause what it might, she un ran as fairly with her helm amidships as if I st had been at the tiller to check her, a most ii fortunate condition of my navigation, for it T privileged me to get about other work, a whilst, at the same time, every hour was t conveyingme nearer to the track of ships and hI further from the bitter regions of the south. p I got an observation and made out that the n vessel had driven about fifteen leagues during ca the night. She must do better than that, o thought I; and when I had eaten some dinner I took a chopper, and going on to the rn forecastle, lay uout upon the bowsprit, and a after beating the spriteailyard block clear of e the ice, cut away the gaskets that confined s] the sail to the yard, heartily beating the %% canvas, that was like iron, till a clewv of it It fell. I then came in anid braced the yard c; square, and the wind, presently catching the I exposed part of the sail, blew more of it out, a and yet more, until there wasa surface show- I lg ; then to a sudden hard blast of wind a the whole sail flew open with a mighty ci crackling, as though indeed it was formed of u ice; but to render it useful I had to haul a the sheets aft, which I could not manage ec without the help of thie tackles we had usod fi in slinging the posder over the side; so n that, what with one hindrance amd another, ol the setting that sail took me an hour and a b, half. fi But had it occupied me all day it would a have been worth doing. Trifling as it was ti as a cloth, its effect epon the schooner was ii like that of a cordial upon a fainting man. b It was not that she sensibly showed a nimbler heels to its; its lifting tendency c enabled her to ride the untier-running t, seas more buoyantly, and if it increased her t] speed by half a knot an hour it was worth a v million to me, whose business it was to t take thie utmost possible advantage of the southerly gale. r I returned to the helm, warm with the exercise, and gazed forward not a little proud p of my work. Though the sail was eight-and forty years old and perhaps older, it offered I1 as tough and stout a surface to the wind as if f it was fresh from the sailmaker's hanids, so great are the preserving qualities of ice. I looked wistfully- at the topsail, but on reflect ing that if it should come on to blow hard enough to compel me to heave the brig to she wool never hull with that canvas abroad, I resolved to let it lie, for I could cut away the spritsail if the necessity arose and not greatly regret its loss; but to lose the topsail would be a serious matter, though if I did not cut 1 it adrift it might carry away the mast for t me; so, as I say, I would not meddle with it. Finding that the ship continued to steer r herself very well, end the better for the sprit sail, I thought I would met the body of the old Frenchman overboard, and so obtain a clear hold for myself so far as corpses went. t I carried tie inothorn into the forecastle, but when I pulled the hanunsck off him I con- I feos it woo not without a stupid fear that I , should find him alive. Recollection of his astounding vitality found something im perishable in that ugly anatomy, and though b he lay before me as dead and cold as stone, I yet had a fancy that the seeds of life were still in him, that 'tnas only the current of a his being tdit had frozen, that if I were to a thaw him afresh he might recover, and that if Iburiedhim Ishould actually be despatch inn him. ihut though these fancies sossessed, they did not control me. I took lil watch and whatever else he had in that way, carried him on deck and dropped him over the side, uning as little ceremony as lie had employed s in the disposal of his shipmates, but affected by very different emotions; for there was not only the idea that the vital spark .-as still in him; I could not but handle with awe the j' most mysterious corpse the eye hlad ever viewed, one who had lived through a stupor I or death-sleep for eight-and-forty years, in i whom in a few hoor Time had compressed i the wizardry he otretahes in others over half a centtuy; who in a night had shrunk from d the aspect of his prime into the lean, I puckered, blear-eyed, deaf, and tottering ex pression of a hundred yearo. Hut now he wos gone! The bubbles which rose to the plunge of hlil body were his epitaph; had ther risen blood- red they would have better svib lised his life. The albatross stooped to the spot where he bad vanished with a hoarse salt screiam like the laugh of a delirious wonmn, and the wind, freshening j momentarily in a squall, made one tdink of o the spirit of Nature us eager to purify the it air of heaven from the taint of the dead Is pirats's passage from the bulwarks to the is water's surface. n All that day and through tie night d that followed, the schooner drove, rolling ir and plunging before the seas, into a the north-east, to the palling of the sprit sail. I made severual exurmions into the re forehold, but never could hear the sound of water in the vessal. Her sides in places were |l'Psblhiah by speccalmunteaegmeat withthcaathor. atillaheathed in ice, bat this cry-stal armour was gradually dropping off her to the work ing of her frame in the seas, so that, since she was proving herself tight, it was cer tain her staunchness owed nothing to the glassy plating. I had seen some strange craft in mIy day, hut niotlhing to heat tihe appesasnce this old tub of a hooker sub mitted to nmy gaze as I viewed her from the helm. How so uncoutlh a structure, with her tall stern, floonring bows, fat buttocks, sloping niasti, forecastle well, snid Isassivo head- timbers ever managed to pursue an' overhaul a chase was only to be unriddled by supposing all that she took to he more sn wieldy and clsumsy than herself. What would a pirate of these days, in his clean lined polacca or arrowy schooner, have thought of such an instrumenit as this for the practice of Ihis pretty trade? The ieo ailoft still held for her spars and rigging the resemblance of glass, and to every sunbean that flashed upon liher from between the - sweeping clouds she would sparkleo out into many-coloured twilnklings, marvellously delicate in colour, and changing their tints twenty times over ini a breath through the swiftness of the reeling of thie spars. I should but fatigue you to follow the several little stories of these hours one by one; how I got my food, snatched at sleep, stood at thle helm, gazed aronad the sea-line and the like. Just before sundown I saw a large icebergin the north, two leagues dis tant; no others were in sight, but one was enough to make me uneasy, and I spent ia very troubled niglht, repeatedly coming ous deck to look about me. 'Thle schooner steered herself as if a man stood at the helm. The epritsail further helped liher in this, for, if thle curl of a sea under lher forefoot brought her to larboard or starboard, the sail forced her back again. Still, it was a very sur prising happy quality in her, the next best thing to my having a shipmate, and a wonderful relief to mue, awho must otherwiso have brought lier to, under a lashed helm, every time I had occaision to leave the deck. Tile seaworthiness of the craft, coupled with the reasonable assurane of presently falling in with a ship, rendered me so far easy itn my mind as to enable.mo to think very frequcetly of the treasure and how I wais to secure it. If I fell in with an enemy's cruiser or it privateer I must expect to be stripped. This wrould be the fortune of war, and I must take my chance. My concern did not lie that way; how was I to protect - this property, that was justly mine, against nuy own countrymen, suppose I had the good fortune to carry the schlooner safely into English waters ? I liad a brother-in law, Jeremniah Mason, Esq., a Turkey mer chant in a small way of buuiness, whose office was in the city of London, and, if I could manage to convey the treasure secretly to him, he would, I knew, find me a hand some account in hlis settlement of this affair. But it was uimpossiblo to. strike out a plan. I must wait and attend the course of vcrents. Yet riches being things whlich fever the coldest imaginations, I could not look ahead without excitenment and irritability of fancy. I should reckon it a hard fate indeed after my cruel experiuences, my freeing thle vessel fromthe ice, my sailing her through some thlousand of miles of perilous seas, and arriving finally in safety. to be disposessed of what was strictly mine -as nmuch mine as if I had fished it up fromn. the bottom of the sea, where it must other wise have lain till the crack of doormn. I remember that, uamong other ideas, it entered my head to tell the master of the first lship I met, if slhe were British, the wholo story of may ladventure, to acquaint hint witllh the treasure, to offer to translhip it . and myself to his vessel and abandon the, schooner, and propose a handsome reward for his offices. But I could not bring siay mind to trust any stranger with so great a secret. The nmore circrumstances-, of the7 treasurenot being mine, in the sense of my having carned it, of its being piraticat plunder, and as muchl one's is another's, might dull the edge even of a fair-dealing conscience anid expose me to the machinations of a hneavilv tempted mind. Therefore, though I had no plan, I was resolved at all hlazards tosticktotheschooner, . and, with ia viec to providing against the curiosity or riummtaging of any person who. should come aboard I fell to the following work after getting my breakfast. I hung lanthlons in the tau and lhatehiwitys and cabin to enable me to pass easily to and fro; I then emptied one of the chests in my cabin - and carried it to where the treasure was. The chest I filled nearly three-parts full with money, jewellery, etc., which sank the contents of tihe other chests to the depth 'I wanted.. I then fetched a quantity of small arms, suchl as pistols and hlangers aind cutlasses, and filled up the chests with them, first placing a thickness of canvas over the money and jewellery, that no glitter might show througlh. To improve the deception I lbrought another chest to the run, and wholly filled with cutlasses, powder-lhorns, pistols, and thelike, and so fixed it that it must be the first to come to hland. My cunning.: amountedto this: that, suppose the run to . be rummaged, the contents of the first chest, were sure to be turned out, but, on the other. chests being opened, and what they appeared to contain observed, it was is likely as not that the rumnagers would be satisfied they were arms-chests, and quit meddling with them. Here now might I indulge in a string of reflections on the troubles and anxieties which . money brings. quote from Juvenal and other poets, and hold myself iup to your merriment . by a contemptuous exhibition of myself, a lonely sailor, labouring to conceal Ihis gold from imaginary knaves, toiling in the darke lepth of the vessel, anud niever leeding that, yen whilst Isa so worked, lhisstsiptmight split peon some half-tide rock of ice, and founder ith him and Ihis treasure too, and so on, and on. But the fact is I was not a fool. Jere was money enough to set me up as a ne genutleman for life, and I meant to save it and keep it too, if I could. A man on his deathbed, a man in suiichi peril that - his end is certain, can afford to be sentimen tal. Ie is going wrhere money is dross in deed, and he is in a posture whren to moralise upon hussman greed sntd the vanity of wishes and riches becomes huism. But arnishd not is man whose health is hearty, and who hopes to save his life, be worse ot thIlin a sheep its the matter of brains siot t1 keep ss firm gerlp ofFortnue's hand when sue exteudsed it? I knoss I was very well idlaseel witlh siny morning's woric whet I hl:d accompsiplisle it, and had no tisind to qualify say satisfaction bv melancholr sntd roinastic musi ns on s my condition snd unccrthuot if tSe futiure. This was possibly osing to the fineness of the weather; l ueavy black gale froes the north would doubtless have givent ui very different turn to ray humsuours. The wind at denm ihud weakened and come into the vest. There was us strong o ssell- indeed thiere utlisis is in this oceant-hiut the seas rat small. The ska looeld lilke marble, with its broad spreaditi"s of hisgh arhito clouds and the veins of blue sky betuecn. I aisled to maske ill the slortilithg thut was pos-ihle, but there aces snotieing to be done its that was with tie spritiuil alone. Ied msot the csupseton beets frozeni I shosld hlse tried to get the mstinsail upon the ship, bitt aswitloiutd the aid of mashineur I was Ieldless. So, oith helm amidjhipsi, the schooner drova iannaidly along with her head dsue east, lifting as ponderousli as a line-of- attlp ship to the floating launches of the hih swell, and the albutross hung as steadfastly- in the Sewake of msy lon1l ocenes path as though it hadbren somen mnescnger sent by God to watch me into safetv. CnOurre XXVII.-I Escoeunr1e A WattLet-. 1I had been six days nud nisglts at see, niud 3 the ourning of the seventh das- haid coute. T Witis tfle exceptiosu of otie ILas of strosug f south-svesterly wiuds, wahici rnu site souse * thing to the northwaris, tue eas-ctlle liad f been flue, bitterlg cold itndeed, but bright c and clear. In this time I lid runt distance I of about six hundred and fifty miles to the e cast, asd avitli no other bloths upon the schooner than her spritsail. I confess, as the hbuos passed aisr and g notflinghove into vies-, I grew dispirited and a restless; but, on thS other hInsd, I was rom \- forted by the bright weetiher sntul the .0 favoturable winds, and particularly by tie vaessel'a steering herself, ahluich esnsbled me P to get rest, to keep myself sarm withthso fire; Sand to dress my food, yet ever pushing on' wards (however slowly) into the navigated regions of this sea. On the morning of the seventh day I came on deck, having slept since four o'clock. The wind was icy keen, pretty brisk, about west by south; the movement in the sea was from the south, and rolled very grandly; there was a fog that way, too, that hid the horizon, bringing the ocean-line to within a league of the schooner; but the other quarters swept in a dark, clear, blue line against the sky, and there was such a clarity of atmosphere as made the distances appear infinite. I went below andlilghtedthefireandgotmy breakfast, all very leisurely, and when I was done I sat down iand smoked ia pipe. It was so keen on deck that I lhad no mid to leave the fire, and, as all was well, I lounged through the best part of two hours in the cook-house, when, thinuking it was now time to take another survey of the scene, I went on deck. On looking over the larboardl bulwark rail, the first thing I saw was a ship, albout two miles off. She was on the larboard tack. under courses, topsail, and main-topgallant sail, heading as if to cross my bows. The sunshine made her canvas look as white as sow against the skirts of the body of vapour that had trailed a little to leeward of hier, and her black hull flashed as though she dis charged a broadside every time she rose wet to the northern glory out of the hollow of the swell with a curlof silver at liher cut water. My heart came into my throat; I seemed not to breathe; not to have saved my life could I have uttered a cry, so amazed and transported was I by this unexpectedappari tion. I stared like one in a dream, and my head felt as if all the blood in my body had surged into it. But then, all on a sudden, there happened a revulsion of feeling. Sup pose she should prove a privateer-a French war-vessel-of a nation hostile to my own? Thought so wrought in me that I trembled like an idiot in a fright. The telescope was too weak to resolve liher, I could do better with my eyes: and I stood at the bulwarks gazing and gazing as if lshe were the spectre ship of the Scandinavian legend. lTher were flags below, and I could lhave hoisted a sienal of distress; but to what purposoe? If the appearance of theo schooner didnot sufficiently illustrate her condition, there was certainly no virtue in the language and declarations of bunting to exceed her own mute assurance. I watched her with a passion of anxiety, never doubting her inten tion to speak to me, at all events to draw close and look at mec, wholly concering myself with her character. The swell made us both dance, and the blue brows of the rollers would often hide her to the height of her rails; but we were closing each other middling fast, she troavelling at seven and I at four miles in the hour, and presently I could see that she carried a number of boats. A whaler, thought I; and after a little I was sure of it by perceiving the rings over her topgallant rigging for the look-out to stand in. On being convinced of this, I ran below for a shawl that was in my cabin, and, jumping onto the bulwarks, stood flourish ing it for some minutes to let them know thattheroe was a man aboard. She luffed to deaden her way, that I might swim close, and as we approached each other I observed a crowd of heads forward looking at me, and several men aft, all staring intently. A man scrambled on the rail, and with an arm clasping a backstay, hailed me: 'Schooner ahoy!!' he bawled. with a strong nasal twang inhis cry. 'What ship's that? ' TheBoca del Dragon,' I shouted back. 'Where are you from, and where are. you boundto?' ' I have been locked up in the ice,' I cried, 'and am in want of help. What ship are von?' 'The Susan ITucker, whaler; of New Bedford, twenty-seven months out,' he returned. 'Where in creation got you that hooker?' 'I'm the only man aboard,' I cried, 'and have no boat. Send to me, in the name of God, and let the master come !' He waved his hand, bawling, 'Put your helm down-you're forging ahead!' and so I immediately ast the tiller adrift, put it hard over, and secured it, then jumped on to the bulwarks again to watch them. She was Yankee beyond doubt; I had rather met my own countrymen; but, next to a British, I would have chosen an American ship to meet. Somehow, despite the Frenclnnan, I felt to have been alone throughout my adventure; and so sore was the effect of that solitude upon my spirits that it seemed twenty years since I had seen a ship, arid since I had held commune with my own species. I was terribly agitated. and shook min every limb. Life must have beenprecious always; but never before had it appeared so precious as now, wlhilst I gazed at that homely ship, with her main topsail to the mast, swinging stately upon the swell, the faces of the seamen plain, the smoke of her galley-fire breaking from thle chimney, the sounds of creaking blocks and groaning parrels stealing from her. Such a fountain of joy broke out of my heart that my whole being was flooded with it, andhad that mood lasted I believe I should have exposed the treasure in the run, and invited all the men of the whaler to share in it with me. They stared fixedly; little wonder that they should be astounded by such an appearance as my ship exhibited. One of the several boats which hung at her davits was lowered, the oars flashed, and presently she was near enough to be hit with a biscuit; but when there the master, as I supposed him to be, who was steering, sung out, ''Vast rowing!' the boat came to a stand, and her people to a man stared at me with their chins upon their shoulders as if I had been a fiend. It was plain as a pikestaff that they were frightened, and that the superstitions of the forecastle were hard at work in them whilst they viewed me. They looked a queer company; two -were negroes, tie otlhersple faced bearded nre, wrapped up in clothes to the aspect of scarecroevs. The fellow who steered had a face as long as a wet hammock, and it was lenigthened yet to the eye bya beard like a goat's hanging at tie extremity of his chin. He stood up-a tall, lank figure, witl legs like a pair of compasses-and hailed me afresh, but tele high swell, regslar as the swing of a pendulum, interposed its brow between him and me, so that at one moment he was a sharply-lincd figure agssinst the sky of the horizon, and the ssext he and his boat and crew were shleer gouie out of sight, and this made ass exchisg of sentences slow and troublesome. ' Say, master,' ue sung out, w wlst d'ye say the schooner s iname is?' 'Thse Ieco uctrifgos,' I replied. 'Aand who are gout, matey?' 'An English sailor seho has been cast. away on anisland of ice,' I answered, talking very shortly that the replies might follow the questions before the swell sank him. ' Ay, ny,' says le, ' that's very well; but ihes was you east asway, bully ?' I gave him thie date. 'That's nota month ago,' cried he. 'It's lobg enough, whatever the time,' said I. Hers the crew fella-talking, turning from one another to stare at sac, and the negroes' eyscshowed as big as saucers in the dismay of their regard. 'See, here, master,' sung out the long mon, Cif you han't been cist iway more than a month, how come you clothed as men went dressed a century sin,' hey?' The reasons of their misgivings flashed uponme. It was noeso muchthe schooner as my appearansce. TIse trnthl was, my clothes having been wetted, I 1usd ever siisee been wsiaring such thick ganento as aImst within the cabin, keeping mylegs warm with jackboots, and I 1usd been so used to the garb that I forgot I had it on. - You will judge, then, that I must have presented a figure very nicely calculated to excite tle wonder and apprehension of a body of men whose super efitious instincts were already sufficiently fluttered by the appearance of the schooner, when I tell you that, in addition to the jack boots and a great fsr cap, my costume was formed of a red plush waistcost laced with silrer, purple breeches, a coat of frieze with yellow braiding and huge cuffs, and the cloak that I had taken from the body of Mendoza. S'Captain,' cried I, 'if so be you are the captain, in the name of god and humanity come aboard, sir.' Here I lid to wiit till he reappeared. 'My3y story is an extra ordinary one. oss hsve nothmg to fear. I am a plain English sisilor; my ship wsus thse Ianghiug l(ery, bound in ballast from Cuillao tothe Cape.' Here I had to wait again. 'Pray, sir, come aboard. There is nothing to fear. I am alone-lit grievous distress, snd in wnot of help. Proy come, sir!' There was so little of the goblin in this appeal that it resolved hin. Thie crew hlng Inthe swind, but he siddrcssed them peremptorily. I heard him damn them for a set of curs, and tell them thattifthey puthim aboard they might lie off till he was ready to return, where they would be safe, as the devil could not swim : and presently they buckled to theiroars again and the boat came along side. The long man, watching his chance, sprang with great agility into the chains, and stepped on deckl. I ran up to him and seizced his hand with both mine. 'Sir,' cried I, speaking with difficulty, so great was the tcunult of my spirits and the joy and gratitude that swelled my heart, ' I - thank you athousandtimes over for this visit. I am in the most helpless condition that can be imagined. I am not astonished that you should have been startled by the appearance of this vessel and by the figure 1 make in these clotlhes, but sir, you will be much more amazed when you lhave lheardl my story. IHe eyed me steadf:astly, exanmining me verya earnestly from my boots to my cap, and then cast a glanct aroumnd him before lie made any reply to my address. IIce had the gauntness, sallowness of complexion, and deliberateness of manner peculiar to the people of New England. And though he wias a very ugly, lank, iuncouth imain, I protest lie was as fair in tty sight as if hlie had been the am brosial angel described by Milton. 'Well, cook my gizzard,' hle exclaimedil presently, througlh his nose, aidatfteranother good look at me and along the decks and up aloft, 'if tlhisain't mi-raculous, tew. Durned if we didn't take this hooker for some ghost ship riz from the sea, in charge of a merman rigged out to fit her age. Y' are all alone, air yoSu 1' 111A alone,' said I. SBroach me every barrel aboard if ever I see siell a vessel,' he cried, his astonishment rising with the searclhing glances he directed aloft and alow. ' HIow old b she P She was cast away in seventeen hiundred and fifty-three,' said 1. ' Well, Im durned. She's froze hard, sirree; I reckon shell want a hot snt to thaw her. Split me mister, if shte ain't worth sailing home as a shdwr-box.' I interrupted his ejaculations by asking him to step below, where we could sit wanrm whilst Irelated my story, and I asked him to invite his boat's crew into the cabin that I might regale them with a bowl of such liquor as I ventured to s:ay had never passed their lips in this life. On this he went to tle side, and, hailing the men, onlrdered all but one to step aboard and drink to the health of the lonesomte sailor they had come across. The word ' drink' acted like a lchairm; they in stantly hauled upon the painter and brought the boat to the chains and tumnbled over the side, one of the negroes remaining in her. They fell together in a body, and surveyed me and the ship with a hundred marks of astonishment. ' My lads' said I, ' my rig is a strange one, but I'll explain all shortly. The clothes I was cast away in are below, and I'll show you them. I'm not spectre, but as real as you; though I have gone through so much that, if I am not a ghost, it is no fault of old ocean, but owring to the mercy of God. Mynv.ameis Patl Rodney, and I'm a native of London. You, sir,' says I, addressing the long man,. ' are, I presumet Ie master of. the Susan Tucker ' ' At your sarvice-Josiah Tucker is my mune, and that ship is my wife Susan. ' Captain Tucker, and you, men, will you please step below, says I: The weather promises fair; I have much to tell, and themre is that in the cabin which will give you patience to hear me.' I descended the companion-stairs, and they all followed, making the interior that had been so long silent, ring with their heavy tread, whilst from time to time a gruff, hoarse whisper broke from one of them. But super stition lay strong upon theirimagination, and they wero awed and quiet. The daylight came down the hatch, but for all that the cabinwans darksome. I waited till the last man lhad entered, and then said, ' Before we settle down to a bowl and a yarn, captain, I should like to show you this ship. It'llsave me a dealof descrip tion and explanation if you will be pleased to take a view.' 'Lead on, mister,' said he; ' but we shall have to snap our eyelids and raise fire in that way, for dtrned if I, for one, can see in the dark.' I fetched three or four lanthorns, and lighting thie candies, distributed them among the men, and then, in a procession, headed by the captain and me, we made the rounds. I had half-cleared the arms-room, but there wtere weapons enough left, and they stared at'them like yokels mi: a booth. I showed them the cooksiouse and the forecastle, where tihe deck was still littered with clothes, and chests, and hammocks; and, after carry ing thenm aft to the cabins, gave them a sitiht of the hold. I never savw men more amazed. They filled the vessel with their exclama tions. They never offered to touch any thing, being too much mawed, but stepped abount with - their heads uncovered, as quietly as they -could, as though they had been ina crypt, and thie influence of strange and terrifying memorials was upon them. I also showed them the clothes I had comeaway fromtheieLanghinglMary in; and, that I might submit such an aspect to them as should tonch their synipathies, I whipped off the cloaj andputon my own pilot-cloth coat. There being nothing more to see, I led thei to the cook-room, and there brewed a great hearty bowl of brandy-punch,which I seasoned with lemon, sugar, and spices, into as relishable a draught as my knowleldge in tdit way could compass, and, giving every man a pannikin, bade him dip and welcome, myselffirst drinking to them with a brief speech, yet not so brief but that I broke down towards thie close of it, and ended with a drysob or two. They would have been --naworthdy their country and their calling not to have been touched by my natural manifestation of emotion; besides, the brandy was an itcom parably fine spirit, and thie very perfume of the steaming bowl was sufficient to stimulate the kindly qualities of sailors who had been locked up for months in a greasy old ship, with no diviner smells abott than the stink of the try-works. The captain, standing sup, called upon his ten to drinik to me, promisin. me that he was very glad to have fillten in with say schooner, and then, looking at the others, made a sign, whereupon thiry all fixed their eyes sipon te aid drank as one man, overyone emptyiig his pot and inverting it as a proof, and fetching a rousing sight of satisfaction. (To tE OatscUED.)l 