OUB NOVEL. THE LADIES' GALLERY. A NOVBIi. BY JUSTIN McC A BT HY, M. P. AN» MBS. CAMPBELL PBAED. . VOL. Ul. THE LADIES* GALLERY. (3 H APTER YU-CONTINUED. In the spring of this year Mrs. Lance lent her rooms, aud went to make sketches ?^md nurse her sick brother at the Hivers, Philippa did »ot ia the least realize that she hod given Mr. Wildron--that was the poet's name--his death-warrant. She had never taken , his, occasional «light cough and hectic complexion seriously. When Mrs. Lance reproached her, she only said that she had never meant any harm, and j that poet» always exaggerate! their feel-1 ings/aucl were proverbial for the readiness | with wtitch they sf ell in love, and the: facitity with which they transfered their: emotions from one object to another.: " There Was Byron, you know,*' Philippa concluded, " and Goethe, and Keats-only ho hadn't ¡time to change poor man J" " feats died," Mrs. Lance said, grim- ly. ''But it wasn't Fanny Brawn who killed Keats; it was a reviewer," declared Philippa, probably ignorant of hard facts and «rushing evidence. " I did not mean any harm," she pleaded. *'I always told him . exactly what I waB, and he choose to rub the risk. He used to say such nice ' ^poetic things, and I did try my best to wake myself fall in love with him. The \- book would have been much more real if I had,'*', pursued Philippa, candidly. " Bat it w*snt my fault if I failed. I can't help my temperament. It's very hard that one can't experimentalise on one's self without boxtrap ojtbèr pwple." Mira.- Lance went away, and her rooms wéh> %^^^\f pisp^ièà by sn elderly, UDÍ|A|ir^|i^e\\.spinst^r, a relation of the artie's, %ni jjuit© inartistic) sod derated to 'dorcas ' meetings, and with whom Pläüjpa^ bait np affinities. That was partly why Philippa came ts be eo often at the bank-perhaps to poor Tony's un- doing. The new émotion wliich dbturbed Phi- lippa wa* caused by a letter from Mrs. Lancé. The letter was dated from Glien above Montreux, whither Mrs. Lauce had gotíe'with her sick brother. The poet was veiy ill. Dr. Maret pronounced that his days were numbered. There was nothing but td make them as happy as might bo. He waB quite resigned to Ids fate. He was, however, deeply concerned lest Phi- lippa should blame herself, aud imagine ti^0l^h^j^ùa^iby hts love disap- pointment. Tjae ¿«ctor hud made it clear to bott brother and sister that he could not have Jived under any conditions, and thÍB 'Mrs. Lance was'honest enough to tell ; Philippa. He was glad now- poor poet ! that Philippa' had not; cared for him. Bat he had au intense wish to see her again- j not a, morbid desire which wight ntake such a uiuetini diIBcult to her-so Mr«. Lanco'.wriiW-hut a î«nder, friendly hniur ing'foV hoir c .inpaqiijusiiip, aud * k»««n wish to remove ,auy pailful iiiipre»si..u which the thouglit , of him might leave on lier mind.' Would Philippa come and Elve. him this ¿ast; gratification ? Mrs. ani^ .a^phär^d'tp. haye cast aside her' resehttbeu't, aa4 wrote iu simple womanly spoon!' With a matter-of-fact, rogará for Philippa^ bwij .taste and conveniouce that touched the girl deeply. She need not be afraid of ¡being too melancholy. Henry "V^drbn was heyer sad, and enjoyed every ; little auiusemeut. ., There. were beautiful views to be sketched. There -were some . pleasant people at the hotel. Some of the. tourists wer« quite far- cical.^ - There was an, abonndance of material which would be perfectly new to Philippa. .": ,¡?'?} ' Philippa dashed off an impulsive tele- gram, scarcely «blé to see the words she wrote through her rain ; of tears--" I will come-at once ;" and «et about s making her preparations, crying all the while, tom with remorse,, seeing her own conduct in its blackest, töjptß.y yet, through all, con w^soîôsë^ wlu>Uy artistic interesii^f or which she hated herself, in the ?Aßty. ? * .'* , The'-fanaily a* tho bank met nt early breakfast the next morning, all weighted and soleumieed by the tremendous decision of the night before ¡aUresolved to face an inevitable fate In tfib happiest spirit ; all secretly hogging the assurances they -had given themselves and each other, that this fate was the best that could befall, yet all dreading *ny allusion to the «abject of ^iobipirmipdBwerefuiljaUhewiiiiered, Ü »(ff ti'.r'M. éif* . .;,...» '? », I anxious and uncertain what tko next step i would be. Philippa's note, telling of her impend- ing departure, was a welcome relief to every one, except Tony. Philippa wrote vaguely, though there was an emotional atmosphere, so to speak, about the wordiug of her aunouucement which exasperated poor Tony. Philippa ' had her own reasons for reserve. She had never confided the Wildron episode to the Stranges, who lived in a different groove, and were not likely to hear of it ia any other quarter. " What does she mean P" said Sir An- thony, in perplexity, handing back the note to Lady Strange, who had first read it aloud and then passed it on ta him. ? " Can it be Mrs Lance who is ill F That one could understand. But why should Phi- lippa run off at a day's notice to Switzer- land, to help to nurse Mrs. Lance's brother, who seems to be on his death- bed P" " A dying poet," said Lady Strange, grimly ; ** Castle of Chiihm; edelweiss ; the immortal lake ; The Nouvelle Héloïse, and all the rest! You >aay be sure that Phi- lippa sees a mine of copy, and is hurrying off because she is afraid of missing thc poet's dying speeches. I don't mean tc be heartless, Anthony/' -Lady Strang added, with a quavering laugh. " and I'm sure I'm very sorry'for the poet ; but, on the whole,.I'm glad that Philippa is going to Switzerland. Tilings will have settled down by the time «he comes back;" Tony swallowed his coffer, galloped through his fried sole, aud went down stairs on the plea that he was late forth« opening of the bank, Berenice was -spared the ordeal oi auother coarse of cross-questiouing bj Philippa. She dreaded Philippa's keet eyes and Philippa's intuitions, thougt there was little likelihood that, in th« present case, Philippa's intuitions wonk divine the trae state ot affairs. Baronia did not know either that Philippa had he own troubles to engross her mind. Whei the afternoon came, abd. Lady Strange se forth for the Boltons, Berenice pleaded i headache, and charged thé bid lady witl her farewells. Tony was already in .the studio, fl had arrived a few minutes before. Whei Lady Strange entered, he was gloouiH; watching Philippa, as she packed her des patch-box and 'sorted the sacred note hooks. " If I stay I shall allow myself to b ' angry with you, Philippa { so I shall ool; ' just say good-bye. What business ha* yon to be rushing off inthisscare-brawöi fashion P I know it is only one of yon heartless notions that a dying poet wii .give you some - good material. 11' don1 understaud your modera, cold-bloode school. You'd make copy ont of me if were on my death-bed. Why, Philippa -and Lady Strange paused a mojnent i astonishment-" i declare, you have bée crying !" "Ye*, I,have Aunt Jeanie," franki acknowledged Philippa. "Jsifc gfiiiïme, m is it only artisti emotion P I have never believed in you tears, Philippa, since that day I came her and found you in snell a state that I mad certain sonnthiug terrible hud happsuer Aud what du you think. Touy ? She wa in the middle «f a hunt ing story, and he heraiue's favourite hauler had broken it back in a ditch.'' "ltwas a vtry af?teting rt>ry." sai Tony, stoutly. .*! cried- ovar it nn self."" " VWil, f.liil.'t." siid La Iv Strain " Hut («.ti m «. I> iil j)..a-i .hilt ».«.*!».< you if ¿"ii . linn» crying over Mr Lance, or t .m ,<. T ..au who is dying, t even over yourself." " Then respect me. Aunt Jennie," réplie Philippa with spirit. "I'm f oud of Mr Lance, and I used to kuow Mr. Wildron awl I sitppuse i may be sorry for hiy6el since my visit to Switzerland is not like! to be a very cheerful one." "Poor thing 1 poor thing !" - Lad Strange said, a good, deal mollified. wish you hadn't to gb. Philippa. Bi perhaps you will bo able to bring sou comfort to the boy, or to Mrs. Lane Well, my dear, don't stay away longi than you can help. We shall - miss yt here, more than you think perhaps." ' After a few moro parting words tl kindly bid lady went away. " I shall miss you-more than you thin perhaps," said Tony resolutely. "No, you won't, Tony-^at least, y< must not. I don't want you to miss mo, < tb trouble about me at all." "Stuff]" ITonyreplied,bluntly. "Ye know 1 can't help troubling about you, ¡ yon call it. If Aman is in pain* what the fan of recommending him not to fe» »tty paini" " Mach may be ¡borne by effort and sel con tool," Philippa said, with' inten gravity of manner, shutting and lockm nor despatch-box as she spoke. " Miraclos.can't be done by effort at self-control," Tony said sharply ; "ai nothing short of a miracle will ever chan¿ me to yon, Philippa." " I'm something very short of a mirad , aud I could do it, Tony." i »Bp what P" - " Why. of course, do what yon talked of -change yon to me." " How could you do that?" " Simply by promising to marry you, as you waut me to, and then letting you know in time what sort of girl I really was, and you would change towards me fait enough." " Oh, that's what all girls say ; and it's j mere affectation on your part, Philippa. You talk as if I had only known you since the day before yesterday. Look here, Philippa- and do talk like a reasonable, straightforward girl-" "Tony, I am never reasonable; and just now I don't think I could bo quite straightforward to you " . " Yes, you can, if you choose. Well. I am ia lore with you, und you know it, Will you promise to marry me P I don't ask you to say wheu ; I only ask you to say yes. Come !" "Mydear Tony, I am not by any meaus in a marrying mood, or a love- making mood just how. I won't make love, and 1 don't want to be made love to. My mind isn't that way inclined. I am j thinking of very different things. 1 am j thinking of dying people and of grieving , friends. I am sorry for that poor boy, I wish I had known a little sooner of all that was to como, and it might have made me more sensible, perhaps." *' Ye-i-perhaps," said Tony, grimly. " Oh, of course,' I kti»w yon would think I a«ted badly in any ea*o," Philippa said, flushing up, and rathar glad to have the chance of being angry with souichady or; BOtnethiug.* "I didn't say anything of the "kind. Besides, I was thinking of myself aud my own case. I was thinking that, if you could look into thc fmure now, it might make yen more sensible and more con- siderate about me," Tony declared, in . a tragic voice. "Oh, you silly young »nan ! you will be as happy as a king, whatever I decide upon doing." " You know that's not true-you k'iow I can never be happy without you, Phi- lippa. Oome, be kiud to mo ; give me an answar." " Tony, if I am to be kind to yoii I mustn't give you an answer to-day. I can't thiuk about murrang and giving in marriage to-day." ; 1 *' It is such suspense," Tony pleaded. "Ityou insist on my giving you an answer to-day-new, this moment, Tony I must answer no ! I. could.i't say any. thing else to-day ! My mind wouldu'tlot me ; my mood, if you prefer to call it so, wonldu t let me. I am only in a humour to thiuk about graved aud coffins, and mourners, and not tho lyast iii the world inclined for thinking of bridals, and oraHge-blossoms, and wedding bells. So there it is. Tony. I am serious, quite. Shall 1 answer yon now-here, at ouca before I ge-or will you let me put oil the ans- wer r " Oh, Philippa, hiw can you be so cruel f Poioff the answer, if it must bc so, and take any time you Uk* to think over tho thing. I dou't waut to press you, if you take such a view «if it. But when you know how I love you, and winni you have known it all this long time, aud you liave never sent m J aw ty from you-ue ver -I don't soe, what matter it* CAM make whether yon answer nie now, or trait until some other day." *' Doer bay, 1 don't know why or where- fore, only that sn it is with me," P<iiiipp.-i «il, with a certain teiiderues iu iior voice. *' lt isn'+ capri««, ivall - i*t this ti-uo, at h»ast. Only 1 coihbi't iu*ik» yon any promise now ; and if I decide at n!l. I «mst utily say no. I couldn't help myself. ¡ip let nie say good-bye to you in all kind- ness, Tony, and let me go on my sad errand ; and we eau talk byer this some 'brighter tildie.'' ¡"Uutil you come back," Tony said, " (there can bb no brighter time for me." ;" Foolish youth, is not that what I meau P Wo can talk over this when I come back.. The time till then will not be -quito gladsome tor rn?, you may be sure. Good-bye."; " Is that your last word to mo ?" " My last for the prose it. You would not like me to say the cold one- syllabled word?" «Oh no, no!" " WoU, then, good-bye. Yet that is not quite my last word. I have four w.erds :!»orf} to .say. They are not mine either Jnot ray own, I mean. But you know your Shakespeare, don't yon? ' Presume not" ' -Tony looked angry-:-" ' despair not' " -Tony looked bright., ;( They parted ; ; and though Tony was miserable, his misery had it's mitigation. Berenice saw nothing of Binbian that day.' Es was closeted7 for some time with Sir Anthony in the little back par ' lonrbebind the partners room. Before he went away he was introduced to Mr. 0rell, one of thepartners, abd had opene d an account with the bank. But ho would not zo up to the private rooms. I think not to-day," he said, shyly and a little awkwardly. " I den't want to seem thrusting myself on Berenice. 1 want te give her time. I want ta give myself time. It's like a dream-a beautiful happy d>0atn to me, and Pin half fright oned of awakiup. I'm afraid of hurting1 or jarring ou hor before she has got accus- tomed to the thought of me. I'll leave her alone, Sir Anthony for a day or two. Now that we've had our talk and settled things, I feel eaiser. You'll tell me what she thinks of what 1 have been pro- posing." They had settled a great deal. It seemed to Lady Strange that the whola way was made straight. Sir Anthony had to own that it was Binbian's practical mind which had grasped all t he details of the emergency, and had made sugges- tions for obviating any difficulty and euibarrassement there might be with Bere- uice. " I mind only for her, Sir Anthony," Binbian had said. "Every thought of my life now is given to her, aud to how £ can best make up to her. Half last night I lay awake thinking of things-where she'd best like to live in London, and the sort. o£ country place I'd buy for her ; and there's a villa down on the Thames they've written to me about-she might fancy it for the summer. And then there's car- j nages, and furniture, and pictures, and all the things'you'JBuglUh people have. I must have the best for lier. I want to make a kind of Palace Beautiful for her. I'm not much on art aud culture, Sir Anthony, and you'll help me, won't you? You'll put me in the way .of buying what she would like. There's plenty of money, you know, and they say that with money you can do anything iu England-oven make your own climate as you like it. I'd like her never to have to put- a wish into words, but to forestall her fancies before she had had time t ) form them." Thisspeesh Sir Anthony reported to Lady Strange ; and the old lady, who had a fine taste in furnishing aud was a connoisseur in old silver and china, saw a pleasant vista opening out before her. It was Biabian's idea that, inst jad of tlie trip to the Engandiue with which Slr Anthony refreshed himself eachsummer loitering a day or two at different towns on the route geing and coming, to rum- mage tho bookstalls and hunt up old prints-he, Binbian, should charter the best yacht to be had for money and invite them all to be his guests, a-id that they should make an expedition tn Holland, where there would be first editions, and , old Albrecht Darers, aud quaiut brass work to be bought. Binbian had schemed it ali oat in the night- watches, and had rushed off tho first thiiig in the morning to get guide books and maps, and to prime himself with information. Aud theu they might go to Denmark, and perhaps to Norway, if Berenice aud her people wished. And as Sir Anthony and Tony, he was 1 reminded, must be back at the bank, by late September, 'there would not seem! anything very extraordinary ia Binbian aud Berenice being married quietly at one ot these foreigu places aud continuing the tour by themselves. By the time they came back' to London, to settle for the winter and begin the real business of lifo, and talk their wonuderment to which their uuiou might have given riso would have subsided-so Biubiau argued-and it would be eas'ier for Berenice. That was all his anxiety-that it might be * made easy j for Bereuico. | Berenice fell in with tlio plau winn it was laid before her. lu her heart she think d Binbian f ir having m;i't<> Sir Antiiony the moditim of íirr.n'tKVu-ut an t fur u »t. consul:¡rig her directly. She was graceful ti Bitibi.n for not t'utvi ig his suent-/ upon hoi-. W.to < im w s <-l1 <nat she uiiir ved of thc sch MU , - ii» -ut, ac once putting it into exjeuuou. iii went do wu to Portsmouth to see a yap ht which iiad been recommended to him, liked it, bought it, and gave orders for a lavish expenditure iumakiugitasluxurious as was possible. He did not see Berenice alone for several days after that strange momentous scene in the library. She had been shrink- ing with a sort of nervous dread from this first meeting under the altered conditions. His remorse was wounding to her seul. She could not bear that he should so humble himself before her. Perhaps that curious iutation in rjg.ird to her feelings, which seemed a part ot'his changed nature, helped him to divine the dread, and he met it-with the simple truthfulliioss that ; was how to him a religion. Ho took her hand in both of his, but attempted no closer caress. "Bernice," ho said Wistfully, " it's hard for you, but I want to make it a* little hard as 1 can. The best way of ; doing that is to try aud blot ont old things from your remember ance. Ifl seem to forget you'll know that it's because I remember. The par- don you've given me is a free pardon, my dear?" "There mustn't be any thought of par- don now between you and me," she said, her voice faltering. " Uncle Authouy has told me what yon have planned, aud 1 agree most willingly, Thank you for ali your goodness and consideration for me. I thank you too," she went on, looking at him bravely, "for having given me a little time to myself to think over every- thing, and to"-rshe faltered again-"to prepare myself for my new Jjfe, I pray that it may be liappy fur ns both. I want to be 60ino use to you." she said ! hurriedly. " I am afraid that I am very ignorant, but you will tell mo ot your schemes ; you will show me how I can help." She sat down nervoufdy-they were in the drawing-room. In these days she did not go much into her own little sitting room, which seemed haunted by the ghost of her lost love. Binbian took a chair 1 near her. "J have only the idea of some scheme clear," lie answered ; " and that is to turn some of the public-houses into coffee shops, and make them centres for work among the poor. Other ideas will grew out of that ene, I suppose, and by- and by there'll be Rick Rausom to help and advise. He won't have boon ia Parliament all these months for nothing. Berenice, are you cold P" " No-oh no," she said hantily. "I thought you seomed to shiver. We'll not talk of schemes now. There's something I want to say to you. Oh, ray dear, there's so much that's been buruiug in my heart and ou my lips all these yean«. I've talked to you often in the loneliness and darkness of the night, and I've asked your pardon for the cruel wrongs I've doue yon, and the angry .taunts, the rough brutal words-I've thought of them aud remembered-one by one the times h*ro come up in my mind, and Pvc been it'k 3 to break rav heart in my despair.* But there-I've thought it out since you took me back again, and I've got to see what must be and what mustn't be. It .mustn't be that I shame you. For that I must make myself seem better than I ara. I've got to see that you have lifted mo on to a new platform-by yonr side, «ad that I raustu t make things birder for you by bringing np over and over again Gregory Florence's ghost." '.Oh," she interrupted. "That's how I waut you to feel. Let me forget. Toa have so changed It is all wipe! away and blotted out. I want it to be forgotteu. I want von to forget." " That J couldu't and oughtn't to d .," he said firmly. " If I could forget I 'night go back again to being the man I was. Ño, never quite that. It's too fast barned iut> me. But I darent let thyself: forget. I know, though, that it isu't fitting for me to abase myself. Though I have no honour in myself, you have raised me : to honour. I'll try all I caa not to remind you of what ÍR gone. I'll make my con- fession, Mid d > ray humble p¡*uuauc4 to God; and the past shall be bot»veau my God and me." So the dari chapter was closed. A* Binbian Jo, Gregory Florence was accept ted among thetn ; and no one wished to remember that ho had ever h »eu ofc'ier than what he now wa". Except for the tricks of manner and the outward resem- blance, Berenice could indeed have found little iu common between the Gregory whom site had marri *d and this grave, gentle, groy-haired mau, whose every look and word conveyed tile m-'St reverential consideration for her wishes and feel- ings. Tin Strauges and T>my liked him much. Gradually all embarrass.tiuut in thoirroln tions fided, and Binbian ivas at his best with th sm. He had a certain rude fo1 va aud originality which st impod him apart from other mea, nul which blended curiously with his extro un hnrable-mind edudss aud unconsciousness of self. Ho was not given to much talking, hui; when he spoke his speech was frank and earucst; aud if he showed traces of his wild life in some slight roughness a»d crudities, nothing that he said or did was ever coarse or jarring. lu everything he gave the impression of a mau solemnised by « sense of heavy respousiblity ; and it was clear that he looked upon his wealth as a trust for the fulfilment of which he had to reader the strictest aoount. Ha kept his simple habits, aud sae-ned to shrink from indulgence in any personal luxury as from a sin. But for Berenice, for her friends, for tho -poor, no outlay could be to lavish. Atonement was Iiis religion. There was no complexity in his character of motives. It was as though the outer evil husk of his natura had beau suddenly wrenched away and t'.io trae pr i- mitive man laid bare. As diy by day Bera lice gi'J'V m<»r> accustomed to hts di ti act a id uv. r kin by presence, there crept over uer so stupefy- ing ásense of unreality, friatshesomotinies felt as bongil physical pain would ba welcome-anything that would f .tree her to take a new firm grasp on life, and that would rouse her out of this bewildered condition of mind, iu which passed aud pro «eut alike seemed only part of a favour- ed dream. lu sotne respects it was per- haps a merciful condition, for it enabled her ti play her part eomposoilp, aud to meet her fate with a gentle resignation that might easily been mistaken f ir satis- faction, If Biub'a-i's overbearing ways were all gone, so also Birmica had lost her old impetuous temper, she was sub- dued aid goude with the Sttaug¿s and with Tony. To Binbian Hie was kind sweet ; aud if sometimes a haunting look, or tone, or gesture, or tura of phrase ' would bring buck hoc migurupla married life, and cause her to start and shiver .with a renewed terror, she resolutely put into force her habit ot' BelJ'-dcscipliuc, would plunge into some new subject, and make him talk on, bravely facing the ghost of lier old wretchedness, aud re- minding herself of Binbiaus words.^ Tesj Gregory Florence was dead, and it was Joseph Binbian who \va6 to be her hus baud. Sho interested herself iu tho yacht and the plau of their voyage, and in Tony's enthusiasm and Sir " Anthony's placid gratification. Once or twice she spoke openly of Ransom, and oven asked Bin- bian if lie had written to tell his friend of what had happened and of their future plaus. She wanted Richard to know. It seemed to her that when Richard knew, the climax of the tragedy would have boen reached. It would be no shock to i Richard, she told herself. Ho would be waiting for the news. Ho would ba cer- tain that she would do what he had told her was her duty. It was what lie had wished; for was nut Binbian his friend ? Binbian wrote. Ho wrote more than once, but it was mouths before his letters reached Ransom. Poor Richard was feverishly roaming the face of the earth now in Russia, now in thc Austrian Tyrol, now ot Athens, now at Asia Minor. It was at Smyrna that lie read of the re- marriage of Binbian and Berenice. He had gone into ono of the Frenchified restaurants on tho quay, near thc terminus of thc tramway, and ho was idly looking over the pages - of Galignani. His eyes suddenly rested on au announcement that made him draw a deep breath. " The famous millionaire, Mr. Binbian, the Makay of Australia, was married last week at the chapel of the English Lega- tion, Copenhagen, to Mrs. Florence, a young widow, and uaice of Fir Anthony Strauge, the well-known bauker of Lom- bard Street, Loudon." j To be Continued. 