PLAYERS AND PLAYWRIGHTS. Mr. John C'oleman lias just issued iu two substantial and handsome volumes his recollec tions of many brilliant lights of the stage under the title of Players and Playwrights I Save Known. This is the age of reminiscences. Within a comparatively short period we have had the story of the theatrical life of the Ban crofts told by themselves, ttie genial Mr. Toole (through the medium of Mr. Joseph Hatton) lias given the world a series of amusing stories and adventures in whiph he was the chief aotor, Sir. Maplcson has told the public of the struggles, trials and difficulties of an operatic impresario, Sir. Sims Reeves has told with great spirit the story of his artistic life, and only a few days have elapsed since Dr. West- land Slarston — poet, scholar and dramatist — issued a valuable and bulky work giving tbe results of bis keen observation of tho fortunes of the stage during his long and honorable life. These per sonal recollections are of great value and interest alike to the earnest student of the stage and to those of the general public who love to get a glimpse of life behind the scenes aud to see their favorites of the footlights in mufti. It can never be said that there is too much of this class of literature while books of suoh interest as that published by Mr. Cole man, form the. standard of merit. For Mr. Coleman, in his long and honorable career as actor and author, and during his management of the Leeds theatre and the famous " Great Northern Circuit" — which included Hull, York and Sheffield — lia3 been intimately associated with the giants of the stage. "And there were giants in those days !" Mr. Coleman gives a sories of very graphic pen portraits of Macready, Phelps, Mr. and . Mrs. Charles ICean, Cbarle3 Matliews, Gustavus Brooke, Charles Dillon, John Ryder, Madame Vestris, Fcchter, and many other celebrities, plentifully in- terpersing his picturesque descriptions with characteristic anecdotes which throw in numerable side lights on the private characters of these distinguished people. The opening chapter is devoted to JIacready, and it appears that Mr. Coleman rau away from home as a very young lad in order to "go on the stage." He resolved to try his fortune in London, nud after a fearful journey by rail in a snowstorm — in the days of the open cars, when there was absolutely no shelter — he bearded tho lion in his den at Drary Lane Theatre. Macrcady's many-sided character is forciby described. His magnetic power, his stern discipline, almost amounting to tyranny, and his brilliant talents and unsympathetic nature aro set forth with the skill of an able artist engaged in painting the portrait of a great man. Mr. Coleman was present in the theatre at Edinburgh when the famous American tragedian, Edwin Forrest, hissed Macready as Hamlet — an incident which accentuated the bitter feeling between tbe two tragedians, and ultimately led to the disastrous and fatal riot which occurred when Macready visited America. Mr. Coleman was present at the farewell banquet given to Macready , and lie gives some sketches of the foppish and egotistical side of Bulwer Lytton's oliaracter, of bis sarcastic opponent Thackeray, who had written such bitter satire on the author of Kight and Morning and Zanoni in the Ycllowplush Papers, and of the more genial and exuberant Dickens, who, with scores of other celebrities, attended this famous valedic tory dinner. Tho long chapter which Sir. Coleman devotes to Phelps is an abridgment of his life of that popuiar actor already published, aud the hard and bitter early provincial struggles which Phelps underwent, his famous management for 18 years of Sadler's Wells Theatre in conjunction with Greenwood, and his subsequent triumphs at Drury Lane and else where are told by one wiio had accurately gauged the true charaotcr of this kindly, patient, persevering, and deservedly popular actor. Sturdy " Jack " Ryder is also hit off to the life, and Mr. Coleman forms a very just estimate of the talent of the AA'igans, who succeeded admirably in their finished but some what limited range of art. The chapters on Benjamin Webster and Madame Celeste arc equally faithful and discerning. The chapter on Charles Mathews is full of good stories illus trating this mercurial comedian's scrapes, ad ventures, light-hearted carelessness, aud thor ough absence of moral or financial responsibility. But it is perhaps in the sketch of Charles P.oadc that Mr. Coleman shows himself at his best, for his heart was evidently in the task The novelist's noble qualities of mind and heart, his enthusiasm, hi3 charity, his simple and trans parent egotism, nnd his brilliant literary powers, all find a faithful nnd sympathetic recorder. Mr. Rcade was never wholly satisfied with the success of his powerful novels, and always han kered after tho stage. Ho produced many plays, but with the exception of Masks and Faoe3 (written with the assistance of Tom Taylor), It's Never Too Late to Mend, and Drink (adapted from Zola's L'Assomoir), he achieved no marked financial success. As a dramatist, in deed, Mr. Coleman would be tbo first to admit that Mr. Reade lacked constructive ability and a sense of proportion. Witli all its brilliant qualities, It's Never Too Late to Mend is a series of episodes rather than a cohesive play such as Sardou or Boucicault would construct, nnd the highly effective prison scene which lias drawn so many tears has nothing whatever to do with the main themo of the story. Mr. Coleman's sketch of that brilliant and ill- starred genius Mr. G. A. Brooke reads almost like a romance, and tho account of the man's fine qualities, his wasted opportunities, and the touching account of bis tragic end as the ship London went down in the Buy of Biscay reminds one of tbe career of Dickens's Sidney Carton. Mr. T. AV. Robertson is another of Mr. Cole- man's subjects, nnd the early struggles' of this playwright should form n most instructive chapter to aspirants for the stage. Mr. Uole- man is quite right when lie lays his finger on the weak spot of Caste— the ridiculous return of George D'Alroy from the Crimea. After his sorrowing wife has mourned him as dead, George enters with a milk can which lie lias found on the stop outside, and merely re marks—as Sam Gerridge and Polly Eccles, thinking that it is his ghost, do some clowning business under the table— "I've brought the milk 1" . But this is Robertson reducing to abso lute absurdity his theory of hiding tho dramatic strength of a situation behind a veneer of nine teenth century stolidity and assumed indiffer ence. Undoubtedly Robertson know his Thack eray backwards, but George D'Alroy was no mere pinchbeck Rawdon Crawley, as he has been described. He was the aver age English officer, not intellectual or- clover, and with the Englishman's ontward veneer of indifference, hut honest, brave and tender. The touching nnd beautiful scene in ' the second act of Caste must surely have escaped My. Coleman's attention. So, too, must a scene in one of Robertson's failures — For Love — iu which, as in the sinking of the Birkenhead, tho soldiers stand at attention as the ship goes down. The play was a failure, and the stage management of this particular scene was ludicrous — the troopship being of the dimensions of a Thames pleasure boat — bntsurely here was atleast a fine dramatic idea. The other Robertsouian failures in the region of melodrama, Shadow Tree Shaft, and A Rapid Thaw, were dreadful enough ; so, too, was a wild and wonderful piece at the Adelplii, called The Nightingale, in which Miss Furtailo, as the heroine, stepped out of a garret window into a boat amidst roars of derisive laughter. The career of another ill-fated genius, Charles Dillon, is also ably related. Here was another wasted life, and the account given of Dillon's death is as follows : — It was at a small border town, called Hawick, that the summons came. On the opening night be played Othello, and although there was a wretched house, amount ing to barely a few pounds, it was generally re marked that he acted with all the old grace ami, fervor. ' After the play, when he had finished dressing, he came and sat upon the stage, waiting for the acting manager to bring him the miserable pit tance which constituted his share of the re ceipts. The primitive orchestra consisted of a piano, on which entr'actes .were played behind the the scene:! by a member of the company. Evidently the chief was in a despondent mood, for he remained silent and saturnine. Noting this, one of tho young fellows of the troupe sat down to the piano and began to play some lively airs. AVhen be had finished, Dillon muttered : "You have a light heart— a light heart, sir ; bow I envy you ! AVitk that ho sighed and turned away. Could he have had a presentiment that the end was so near? Next morning he went down to the theatre to inquire if there were any letters. Although the house had been so bad on the preceding night, the impression created upon the scanty nudicnco was so favorable that a capital week's business was anticipated. Hence be was now elate and confident. After bis usual custom — and a very bad one it was — be took the company to tho adjacent tavern, and stood drinks of bumble malt nil round, anil told them some piquant story of bis adventures in America and Australia ; then they sallied forth together to explore the town. As they readied the middle of the High-street, laughing and talking, he paused suddenly, put his band to bis head, just as ho was wont to do as Beverley, in The Gamester, nud exclaimed, " God, can this bo death 1" As the words left his lips, befell dead without a groan 1 His muscles had been so trained to harmonious motion, that habit had become second nature, and one of those who stood beside liim hi that supreme moment assured me that iu the very rigor mortis he instinctively fell in an attitude of classic grace, even as Caesar might have fallen beneath the steel of Brutus at the base of Pompey's statue. The account of Fcchter'a brilliant rise and sudden fall is also well done, and it seems that Fechter himself resented the attempts of n cer tain section of tho press to magnify tho glories of French dramatic art at tho expenso of tho English article :— No man more thoroughly despised this osten tatious adulation of himself at the expense of his brothers ill art than Fcchter. One night, at St. John's AVooil, when ho had bad a little more wine than usual, he burst out with : "Bah! I wonder what tho beggars would say if they knew I was a cockney, born in Hauway-yard, Oxford-street?" As a matter of foot, .bis dramatic inspiration and his early knowledge of tho drama bad been derived from constant visits to the gallery of Drury Lnno or Covent Garden, to which elevated posts of observation he made bis way every night ho could beg, borrow or steal a shil ling. Thirty years later, when he opened at the Adelplii, he encountered an old actor (Mr. C. J. Smith) whom ho had seen take a musical part in the pantomime of Guy Faux at Drury Lane. To the astonishment of everybody in general, nnd of the old gentleman in particular, Fcclitcr danced up to the old boy, and, taking him by both hands, spun him around like a teetotum to the music of Guy Faux. Thohistoiy of theEnglislistagehasalso received an important as well as an attractive addition in Mr. AVcstland Marston's book about Our Recent Actors. His aim has been not morcly to collect a medley of theatrical anecdotos more or less illustrative of the stage during tbe present century, nor, again, to writo biography in the formal nnd too often dry way which marks a collection of lives. Mr. Marston gives us, in addition to biography and illustrative matter, n good deal of acuto though kindly criticism, which limy enable younger playgoers to form a just estimate of famous men and women no longer seen upon tho stage. Hissurvoy includes actors so varied in style aud achievements as T. I'. Cooke, Macready, Kemble, AVilliam Farreu tho elder, the Keans, Samuel I'heips, Madame Arcstris, Charles Mathews, Charles Dillon, Sothcrn, Rachel and Liston. If, then, the charms of variety hold good in such a subject as this, it must be obvious that we have here a programme of the most promising kind. And Mr. Marston's performance equals his promise. He is never triviul or his judgments superfluous. His volumes are a solid and serious contribu tion to tbe literature of a widely interesting sub ject. Mr. Marston begins by telling us something of bis earliest experiences of London theatres iu the palmy days of Sadler's AA'clls. Apropos of a Mr. Archer then playing there, ho tells this story : — On ono of tlio performances of A'irginius, Archer had to sustain the part of tho wicked Appius Claudius, to Macrcady's A'irginius, In the last act, where A'irginius exolaiming— And liaro I not a weapon to requite thee ? Ah, here are ten ! springs upon Appius and chokes him, Macready was so carried away by bis own intensity, that bis tight and prolonged grasp of Archer's throat had well-nigh converted the fictitious catastropho into a real one. . . . AVhen A'irginius was next performed. Macready, on entering tho green room in the interval between the fourth and fifth acts, discovered that the throat of Archer was encased in a dark velvot collar, which, witli its shining points, was a strange innovation on the co3tumc of a Roman Decemvir. Tho A'irgiulys of the night contem plated Appius awhile In gloomy silence, and then slowly approached him. The shining points just mentioned were now, seen to be small steel spikc3, which protruded from tho collar, and would infallibly give a rude recep tion to any hands tbat might grasp tho neck it encased. As it was set down to Macrcady's part that he would perform thi3 very operation, it i3 not surprising that lie viewed the. new feature of Mr. Archer's attire with decided disapproval. Breaking at length the absorbed silence wbicli he usually maintained during his rare and brief visits to the green room, he addressed the object of his suspicion. Macready: "Are you— are you— aware, Mr. —Mr. Archer, that, that — that peeuliarornainent round your neck is— is quite inappropriate to your character ?" . Archer : " I admitit, sir; but the last time I had the honor of appearing with you in this rather unsympathetic part you seized and held inc with such violence that I hardly expected to act it again 1 Acting, after all, in my humble opinion, is but feigning. I am not a gladiator or a wrestler, sir, and I set some value upon my windpipe." Macready, said my informant, for a moment put oh an expression of lofty indignation, but, whether from policy or from aseii3e of humor (in which he was by no means deficient), he quickly exchanged it for a look of amusement, and laying his hand -familiarly on his brother actor's shoulder— a rare condescension indeed— ox-, claimed— " Archer, if my feelings carried me away tho other night, I apologise. I givo you my honor I will deal gently with you in future, and that you will have no need of— of that singular appendage by — by way of armor. " So the obnoxious collar was removed before a summons came from the call-boy. There is, of course, a good deal more about Macready, who, so Mr.' Marston thinks, found his best Shakesporian character in King Lear. Of Charles Kemble some good stories are, told, one of tho best turning upon his doafne33. In the matter of eating and drinking he seems to have had a very discriminating taste : — I once caused him severe mortification by eating a morsel of preserved ginger at the beginning of dessert. " I told you," he said in a grieved and reproachful tono, that I was about to give you one of the finest clarets, in my opinion, over tasted, and now you have utterly disqualified yourself for appreciating it." As a pendant to thi3, the story of John Kem- ble'3 particular bottle of very , fine port — wbioh turned out to bo cherry brandy — would look effective. Iu the Keans Sir. Marston, of course, finds another inexhaustible storehouse. Charles Kcan told hi3 friend, " If it had not -been for my father's name, I should have made my way with the public twice as easily." From this, however, Mr. Marston dissents. One ancedote of Charles Kean, although creditable, no doubt, to his zeal for his wife, laid him open to a very effective retort :— A certain dramatic critic, who bad often written warmly of both Mr, and Mrs. Charles Kean, in one particular character so far disapproved of the lady that he spoke of her acting as " vulgar." Vulgarity wa3 certainly not a fault with which Mrs. Kean could fairly be taxed iu general, and the imputat ion of it to her, perhaps not unnaturally, called forth her hus band's indignation. Calling on him ono morning, be related to me the offence, and the somewhat droll retaliation to which ho had resorted. " I wrote to the critic of tho , " he said, " and requested the favor of an early interview. He came the morning after I wrote. I asked him if he had written the notice in question, which lie at once admitted. I then charged him with having insulted Mrs. Kean by calling her vulgar. After a little demur he said he had a perfect right to call her acting vulgar if he thought it so. ' No, no ! ' I cried "—here Kean turned to me with the vehement desire that he sometimes showed to have his opinion endorsed — " no man has a right to call my wife vulgar, cither on or off the stage." After a moment he asked my judgment on the matter. To his obvious an noyance, my answer was, that though I by no moons agreed with tho writer of the notice," yet I thought if he honestly, however mistakouly, believed that an actress was vulgar, he had a right to say so. He had a fight to say that a poet or painter was vulgar ; why uot say so of an actress ? "It was false, anil it was intended for au insult ! "cried Kcan ; " so I simply said to our critic, ' I shall givo you a lesson against insulting ray wife in future.' I got up, left tho room, looked the door from the outside, apprised the servants, directed them not to go near tho apartment. After some- hours I returned, aud gave order for tho prisoner's release." I could not resist a laugh in saying that his conduct had been quite illegal, and that lie had made him self liable to an action for assault and detention. "Oh, it was capital fun" said Kean, giving way to more impulsive laughter than he often indulged in. "Depend upon it, the position was too absurd for him to make it public. " The critio, in his turn, told mo the story of his "durance." " Oh yes, I took it quietly," ho said, with a philosophic smile. " One does not E revoke a madman, but amusc3 one's self with is antics." There is an interesting notice of Bliss Charlotte Cashman and one no less interesting of Miss Neilson. Mr. Sothern, too, sup plies excellent material, and Mr. Mars ton recalls the following practical joke played on an unfortunate undertaker, of whom he ordered an elaborate funeral : — "Before the preparations could have gone far he reappeared, with great solicitude, to ask how tliey were progressing. Again at a brief interval, lio presented himself, witli au anxious face, to inquire when ho could count upon possession of the body— a question -which naturally amazed the undertaker, who was at a loss to discover his meaning. " Of course you provide the body," said Sothern, coming to his eulightment. "The body !" stammered the bowildered respondent. "AVhjr, do you not say," exclaimed the aetor, exhibiting a card of tho shop, "'all things necessary for funerals amply supplied?' Is not a body the very first necessity?" — Yorkshire Post. 