UNCLE EBEN'S GHOST. " I hope I don't Intruds," b»UI the Menagerie I "sapper was just ready at Valley Farm. Savory fried ham', <ach brown dice topped off by tbo golden *phereof an egr, fresh trailers, app c mom .ml new bread; .nd tn.fcn.ilj, comfort ably Mated, ttarod with ill their eyea as the frosty nknt air rtbhinE '.. j - ■ .' •4t bj, itmigtr, «i bj" r»U JodjAw Crofton, wha tv a regular Ar»>io print pi so*> i,itality,''Wwould hare toTiunl Ewhehnb iimsclf to sapper if that ranch TiliSnl penonsge had rhaneed to puss by at a mad time.' "Take * " Not as I w»nt'« tJ beg." said lbeMen»*erie Man, apologetically. " I pays raj tray where over I gw.. It aint as I'm poor, bdiei and ■rcntlemen," with a comprehensive obeisance around tho board. "BoY them t-iTern> does charge to like tbo Old Ilarrj, and no man likes to be swindled." " Ulna me," Mid Mrs. Crofton, who h»d risrn to pet an eitra cop and sneer, " « it aint the funny chap ai we saw at the csiuu, as ran a raca with the monkey and cricked peuintfl with hit head inside tho tiger* """'b "The wery same, raa'an," said theßtranger. bisgiim visaje relaxing into a tmile. " Let tbe ladies alone forfin'linj ont anything, bless their dear hearts! T«a 'in, I'm tbc ch»p. Siznor Becirdo LesUnli, ma'am, at yourserviee. Born in tho State of Maine, and hapliied Aiariah Clack. And if yon hain't co objections to it, ma'am. I'll be glad to lodge here to-night. We're on the mote, ma'am, me and the menat?He. Acd l're hired S^ire Dcnoiwn's birn to lock np the CTtctnra in, ami we're taleulatin' to jog on to morrow roornin' at threo o'clock, to as (he faro handi and little bojs along tho mail aha'n't get a gratis view of the wild animal*." "Yoi're welcome, Btranger—you're wel nat/'nij Mr Crofton. rrcanlin;[l>i»TiuUji nut without a certain awe; for th« man who was familiar with tigers, and handled leopardj and pinthcrs like so many tame cats, must rarely be different from the rest of tie human race; and the Menagerie Man ate and drank with an appe tite which gratiSeJ Mm Crofkra'a housewifely pride in co common deircs. ! " Yours is a qnctr trade, stranger," the fanner observed, over hij afler-soppcr pipe, j "It v qnecr," assented Mr. Lesiardi Black, staring meditatively into the fire. " Rut then, the whole world is queer, aint it, nbw I" , "Maybe, maybe," grunted Jfr. Crofton. " I wai brung up a carpenter," aaid the Menagerie Man; "bat somehow me and the hammer couldn't never ajree. Then I tried the travelling grocery holiness, and lost money ; in it; and then one evening I flipped op a penny j 1 whether I shoold go and drown myself in the j canal or go to the circus. Tails won, and I j knowed that nijht as I'd discovered the problem of my destiny. I engaged with the circus, and ] I've stuck to it cTer since, and now I'm bosiof : ' the whole concern." 1 "Make mntb money at it, ehi" said the farmer. " litcsa yen, sir—yea. And low too," slid ' \ lue'Mcnsgflrio Man," with n good-kmoonrcd shrng of tbe shonlders. " Therc'a dowiu at ! well S3up»in the woill, take it how yoa will j Il'a tho be»t way to take thiugi <a»r." | " That's jost what I al«avs said to my ancle i Ebcn, "said Mr. Crofton, with a stentorian aigh. ! " Bat be couldn't sec it in that light, somehow, i He list a deal of money ia Wcrtcrn lanL", aad ' he cat his throat." ! " l)o tell!" said the Menastrie Jfaa. j "You may bate passed the houfc, a half-mile , orcodowntkeglen/'siidjlr.CrafUra. "Anold, ! j one story red honse with a big chimney stsck and ! I a lot of lilcck bushes gn>wia' at tlie kitchtn | | <!oor." i I " And a grove o' pines back en't," nodded the ! I Mcaascrie Man. "Bleo yoor heart, jo, I j I jiuwd it, and a qneer-lookicg pUc* it was, i with tbe treea acreekin' and a-gnonin' in ■' tbe vied, and a strange dng ahowlin' on tbc doorstep. I "It's got a bid namo through tbe coantry j j sile," taiil Mr. Crolton, dejccUdly. j " E'j ! ' said the Mcna^srU Man, opening his ; 1 ctm. " Kct— lamitd !" I " " IL-.antol," nodJed M^rs. Crofton. " Foils •locs My x> tbc gbost tramps up and down the rooms aad looks oat o' winder of moony nigbu. I neTcr teen him myself, bat " 11 It's all oonsen&e;, Jocatban.'' interposed his wife, bruklj. " Tkerc aint nothin' m a pack of fools won't uy, if once they giTes their mind to it. And Charley Stoker, as narricd car eldest gi\ hi 3 leaud tbe boase, and is coin' to move in it next week; ghoit or no (host!" " Not with my advice," taid Mr. Crofton, gloomily. •' WUI>o-t :», tsen," rtlottc.l hi» »l'e. "Ana Charles and Jemima they'll be sorry for it, mark my wordi," added tha farmer. "I don't iKlie've a word of it," said Mr». Croftnn, briskly, "Vie never had nothin; to do with ghosts in oar line of basinets," **'d the Menagerie Man, thoughtfully. " And I haven't looked into th» question mach myself. VatfolksdKstello,aecr storiet I " Oar Jtroima and her husband olwiya ni foolhinly," rcoaried the farmer. "ladviieil 'em to let the haunted house alone. ' Don't meddlt! with tbe sujicraatural, children,' on I. Dut CbarUy, sajs he: ' I'll risk the ghosts, fttherin-Uw!' And Jemima, fays the; 'I ll»ajs wa< uiore feared of live folks tban dud cne«!' Well, I only hope they won't rtpenl it, tlat'i all. Because " Tbc tentence >v yd anCnithed on Farmer Crofton'a lips, when there was a sound of harrying foottteps on tbe threshold vithout; the dorr was bunt open, anl a handsome, dark eyed g:rl, with a thawl tied round her head, mil » fice as ]ul'j us ashes, rushed Into the i room, followed by a stalwart youn* nun of I three or foursD'l-twcntj, aj Lrcitikis as j herself. j " It'a Jcniiui}," tall lit:. Croftsn, tUttiag up. "It'a Clurlcy Stoker!" cri^l Mr. Crofton, I dropping bis i>tpc on tbe heuthiton?. The Menagerie Man mil nothing, but stared I us if liUwhols p.noaality bail resolrel iudf intflapslrof cj(s. l'rettjr Jemima threw hcnclf into her mother's anas, onil Ijuist iuto hysteric fobs. " \Vh»t it it, my do«r»" »ai<l Jtrs. Crofton, soothingly. "Speak to me !" "Oh rcolbsr!" ibriekcd Jemima, "it > tba ghost I" "The-tdKoU" caidilrs. Crofton. "Oh! oh ! it's Uncle Eben's ghost! Oh ! oh! oh !" bewailM Jemima, "I untocko'i the front door and walked right in npon it, sitting ! by the fiicplsca just as lie used to sit when be i was Lad with the rheumatism, all wnppcvl ia | ashagjy bh:kccatl" . j " I never would ha' believed it if I hadn't icen it with my own eyes," said Mr. Stoker, looking blankly at the aQMchled group. " It's of co use talking, I shall hare to sell the lea« of the honss for what I gtt can for it. Jemima will neTer go there to lire, and / woalda't if the wotfd." " A ghost, eh! " taid the Menagerie Man. " I taw it myself," asserted Mr. Stoker. " Black and thasgy, eh!" Mr. Stoker nodded. " The oil wan csed to waar jmt such, a coat ia winter weathtr," aaid be. " I've seen it a hundred times." I "Well," said tho. Jfenajcrie Mao, slowly, I breaking into a smile " I gucas you'd better ] hold on to your lease, Squirt. 11l bet a go»l many cookeys at yoa won't be troubled bj no gbwts. Becanso the black and thagiry gentle- 1 man as gire joo such a fright ni my tear!" " Your—bear!" said Jfr. Stoker. " Ye*," nodded th« Meaigtrie Man. "He's quarro'tome, you see, and I can't never take no comfort if I shut Mm up with the other erector*. So arter I'd locked op the others in Squire Dcnni<on'a big alone tmi, I jort led Bruin along till 1 camo to this ere place, wbero 1 calculated I shouldn't disturb nobody. - And I lrt lira io, peaceable like, at thj back door. And if you and this hero young *cman wasn't par* ticular about shutting the door, I gems I'd better look arter him, for he likes a breath of fresh air, Brain flow, as well as any CbriUian." Jemima looked at ier husWd. Mr. Stoker bunt into" a Ungh. Mrs. Croftoa joined In it. And the farmer robbed hU nose vith a puuled " Left go back and find ourUnteni, Jemimy," aaid the joung hu«UinJ. "And I'll go along, too," taid the- elder msa, who in hi» secret heart wa> rather dissented thtt Uncle Boca's ghoit had turned out to be noghostatall ' The Menagerie Man found Brain carefully investigating a hen roost at no great distance, «od chained him up ia an unoccupied stible \ belonging to tha Croffams, Charley aad Jemima re-lighted their hatcrn and prosecuted their original intention of meamrins the floor for tome home-made raj carpeting, and then they ail went buk an* spent lbs evening at the Croitoa firm-hotue. An 1 from thai day to this bo ghostly shallow has ever crossed the threshold of pretty Jemima's home. And when th» little cbildreo totttr op the road to the old faro, aad ray: "Grand mamma, tell us a ghost story," tho old lady relates the legend of tho Metagerie Man and hit bar, ta ths iannlts satisfaction of her small audicsc*. • - . "And I guea that's tha tort of cloth that most ghost stories are cut oat of." bits old Mrs. Crofton. 