" DRIFT." Washed ashore ! : There.-was a crowd o? -nthe beach that morniing. A sullen sun struggled through the grey clouds, ;and looked down upon the scene-a frail :spar. r Itwo floated out to sea-a dis -inantled hulk tossed in the distance on -?:the still heaving billows, the remains of a:wreck. i On-the beach the wan sunlight fell up onia ghastly spectacle. From the sand anud seaweed where they lay, dead faces ::-ooked up, cold and white-eyes whose light of life had gone out last night when the fierce tongues of flame had lit up the strife and torment of sea and air-eyes whose last of earth had-been that dissolv -:ing view of flame, and wreck, and boiling wateis. "Here, Steve, lend a hand." `'-- = Och, it's dead she is entirely. Look at this ,.boy, an' there's breath-life in in;::. Where's: the whisky ? Sure an' Si'll ' call back the life, if it's within " Here's Charlie. Make way for Dr. Cha~ile''" some of the. men called out-. withthiat fondness in the tone which 'de, jioted a general favorite. . -: A young man with a grave and eager" feeo drew near. The east wind raised brown curly locks fron off a.-brow white r-nd smooth as a child's: The eyes, brow n and fearless, seemed to look far into the I depths of being, to scan motives, ..to read' .:;the'strange hieroglyphics of, the '-human \--heart. None of those rough mimen ?iouild. have lied to Dr. Charlie-, but they wduldc they feared him, but rathei:b:cause tihey \- loved him. He stopped by the body ofa young Swoman. : - ?"Och, an' she'll .1niver draw breath again, said one.: Biut Dr. Charlie was not so sure. He a tsttihe men atwrork in. every direction; :h ordered ..restoratives, he prescribed \--various 'remedies,: he put thb men to \- various' tasks in the way of rubbing ivith :pirite:.iBut this woman, the only womanr °-; aved-for` ho had detected a faint sign of lifeovwhat should be done with her ? : She musst be taken. to the nearest hdouse,tht "is all:; and they nust take' .l'er in," decided Dr. Charlie. -:.The nearest house was a neat little w-i?,hite box, with a bit of a garden in front, : and, tiny: walks, :-bordered vwith' .white -:washed oyster shells. All was prim and ;precise as the mistress, who stood sliad ::-' ing her eyes with a thin hand as the` men .-bore the ghastly burden to the gate. - S-Dr. Charlie opened-it without pause. L counted on your "humanity, M?iss \- epsy," he said.' ",If this poor girl's life' stobe saved, there's no -time: to be s HMi epsy looked at the white, fixed face, :the closed -eyes, . with the dim purple shiadows.: beneath, - the marble hands folded on the breast, as if death had-fixe 'thnm there :in. the -act of an "eternal prayer. " Poor cre'tur'!" she said.;: " she's :..isee?iheaps-of trouble, :I'll be bound, but =-:he looks as: if it was - all 'over now. Come in, come in.. I- suppose as it's. a i matter-of life ·and death, I can't ask o lOmto:wipe your feet on the mat. Lor' :blesame ! sichi a ,passle of dirty boots :ieverwalked into' my hous-e in my:~life. y-Or.l 4ity,; men fol. are, to' be sure I." But' Miss Hlpsy, though she longod intensely to wash out the mud tracks at once, controlled her desires, and made herself useful. With a sigh of relief, she saw the men go out, leaving only Dr. Charlie and herself with the still in sensible girl. They chafed her hands and forced brandy between her lips. ' Why, bless us, she's married I " cried Miss Hepsy, holding up the left hand, where the thin thread of a gold ring glittered. "The poor young thing ! One heart will be sore after her." " Oh, we'll save her,"" said Dr. Earn shawe. "There is more flexibility now, and a feeble pulse." Even as he spoke, he had a strange sensation about this girl-as if he were somehow controlling her fate, and bring ing her back to a world of sorrow. If those white lips could speak, might they not say, " Let me go-let me glide out of all the ills of life into the great peace of death ?" Perhaps the untravelled glooms and avenues of death might be sweeter to this weary soul than any path of life, and yet he was forcing her back into earth's thorny ways. It seemed but' a .vague speculation. Yet this .woman appealed to his inmost sympathics as ione who had come through great tribulation. A warmier tinge began to hover over: the white face. He 'saw.w faint i tremble -rose tiuttoucli4dith& i1ý ; Miss Hepsey had nwourid ;up the :'armp yellow 'hair into:a great coil that seemed like a glittering crown. What a rare arid lovely face it was, with the bearuty of a lilly in the sun i. " I declare if she don't look like one of them ere sculped saints," said Miss Hepsy, admiringly. "She's too pooty to be thrown about on beaches like an. old chip." Miss Hepsy talked as if the storm and waves should have had respect for looks in their wild frolics, an idea which made Dr. Earnshawe smile. " We'll have her all right in no time," he said, "and as pretty as ever, in spite of the liberties of the waves, with your good nursing, Miss Hepsy," and he bowed. "I do hate mortally to be messing over sicl vittles, to be sure," said Miss Hepsy; Sbut-" "A work of mercy," suggested Dr. Charlie; "and, for the expense I'll be responsible." ' So the maiden lady's mind was set at rest, and she went down stairs at once to concoct something stimulating and nourishing for the invalid. Dr. Earnshawe remained alone, watch ing the strange, mysterious process of returning animation. Where had the life gone that was now by slow and subtle changes coming back to this beautiful casket ? Where had it found an abiding place-to what far realms of earth and air? A stir, a convulsive thrill a broken ex clamation disturbedhis thoughts. With spasmodic strength the girl raised her head and reached out her hands. The blue eyes, dark with pain and dilated with terror, fixed themselves on Dr. Charlie's face. " Where-wher'e is it ? " she cried. Dr. Earnshawe touched her brow with a carressing touch we give to a child we love. '. " Mypoor girl," he asked, "what is it _"-' • ! . - . She looked at him with a strange ter ror and a shudder convulsed her frame. Somelialf uttered word died on the lips which faded once miore to their ashen hue. The faint rose tint flitted away from check and lip again, and she fell back on the bed in a dead swoon. " Ah, all my work to do over agiin," said Dr. Charlie, with a sigh, as he plied her patiently with more restoratives. " I think I was right about the poor girl. Life has not been all sunshine and roses to her. No wonder she is not in a hurry to come back to it." But she did come back to it in time. she took up the burden, whatever it was, at last. Not in the old way, but quietly, and with a deep sigh, she opened her eyes. She did not say a word. '"Now I will leave her to you, Miss Hepsey," Dr. Earnshawe said. "With feeding up she'll get on. Don't let her talk much yet awhile." "Lor' bless ye, doctor !" said Miss Hepsy, bustling about with her bowl of gruel, "why should I want her to talk ? I hain't the least curiosity in the world. It would be all one to meet me if she was deaf and dumb, fur as prying and finding out was concerned; not as I'd wish her afflicted, poor tiing ! Now, some folks would." "I know; it's all right," said the doctor. "I'll call in the morning. I imust see to the others." The girl's eyes followed him wistfully as he passed out of the reom., Some un spoken question seemed to hover on her lips. " Speak out, if you feel it would ease your mind,' M ss Hepsy said, aching to know all about her strange guest. ,:" Thank .you. I; will sleep, if you please,":, and the:; wistful eyes closedt 'wearily. :f - ' Btit Miss He psy sawra slight shudder,: 'an lidd -t h .vurd "':others ': ·-d \ia eckutialnofl aae :somelody;thal, was onrtihat ereiot? Mi-sa Hepsy' decided'; "but if shel wonn:'t "spheak' outefree, I can't help hier,' should think she'd nigh about bu'st:up with 'the thinking that she keeps up, 'thiout open ing them-lips.". For the -patient litterally obeyed- the doctor's orders, and kept very quiet' all day, swallowing all that was offered witli a low " Thank you," and then turning wearily to the wall,- as if she never cared to look at anything in the world again. But life, colour and strength came back as surely as if she had ardently prayed for them all, instead of lying there in such stony indifference. \- "Oh, yes; she's well enough," Miss :Hepsey replied to the doctor's inquiry at: the door in the morning ; " and I reckon you won't find her the wuss for talking. Why, she :-hain't propounded a single question to nme, but takes it all as nateral -bein' here--as if I'd raised her. Now, that ain,t in natur'-inot as I take it." "Well; she"'i very weak," Dr. Charlie commenced. "'Oh, fiddlesticks," Miss -Hepsy s'aid, with an indignant sniff; "if I should wake up in heaven- some morning, do you think I'd make no remarks but make out I'd been an "angel all my life ?" It's .my opinion-" - : " Don't form a hastyr opinion. my dear madam. We'll know in time," inter: rupted Dr. Earnshawe ; "and, of course ' as she's an inmate of your house, I: shall feel bound to tell you what I. find out." This. was said in a low.and confidential tQne, that miolified the. lady considerably. The smile 'that illuminated her thin facoe was like a ray of bleak wjptry sunshine,? and she went up before the doctor .with. some alacrity. "My der," she said, throwing open the door, " I don't know whether you'll I recognise him ag'in, but here's the- getl!e- I man who saved your life, by the blessing -d of God." a The young girl raised a pair of sad eyes to Dr. Charlie's face, and seeming to find n it pleasant to look at him, did not turn n away. A faint color came to her cheek p as he took her hand. s, '' What ! sitting up already," he said c cheerily. " This speedy recovery is a great compliment to my skill." ' She appeared weak enough, though, t bolstered up in an old crimson stuffed n chair, her delicate face looking like a j clear-cut white cameo against it. Miss Hepsy had done her best with the blue b merino dress, but it looked old and worn, with carefully darned places here and there. "I must get well," she said. "I have o no time to be sick." o '"No time ! Ah, we all take time for d that." ' I "I wish to God I had died!" exclaimed u the girl with a violence that made Dr. o Earnshawe start aid drop her hand. He was. glad 'that Miss Hepsy had .r gone out of the room. 'But byja great effort the girl calmed s herself:. She looked like a girl in -spite a of: the ieglitterinfg thr ead of gold .oi !r- - iner hBich" procaidumed ±i -a married 1 -Eixcuse me 6dctorj you :have b:been : kinfid to me- you mieant' it forI kindnesss; :N but` never :mind, tell mine about the others." I "You had better not' talk. of - those s terrible scenes .. yet," Dr. Charlie said calmly; "the mere memory of such a r shock is enough to unsettle you." a " You must tell me ; I shall not get a well if you don't," she said nervously, I and Dr. Charlie thought she was anxious a about her husband. a " Was any one dear to you on board? " r" he inquired. c A strange look flitted across the beauti ful face. " My husband was there." 1 Ah, here was a task for the new doctor. How could he break the terrible news to this poor young wife ? He knew that y not one of the four men saved could be f her husband ; he had seen them all that s morning, and knew all abou;; them. " What was his name ?" t " Never mind ; don't ask me yet ; but f tell me how soon I shall be able to move. I have no money. I can never pay this a good woman for her care. I cannot af- t ford to rest. How soon can I go ?" Dr. Charlie felt such. an infinite pity r overcome him as he looked at the frail T creature lying in the chair that he could a hardly speak. "You must not talk of moving," he r said ; "it would be death, When 'you ] are able-I.-you saw; I' suppose-" he:si tatingly. "Oh, yes ; but I must get away from here," the girl said, in a nervous way, clasping her thin white hands together with a sort of repression of inward pain which the gentleman felt with a thrill of sympathy. "Promise me to be content for one week, and we will see," said Dr. Charlie, and he hoped much for that week. At the end of it, Dr. Charlie came in with his usual cherry laugh. " Well, Miss HIIepsy," he cried .out, " all the :patients from the wreclk. are off my hands but this one. I sawr the last fellow off with his mother just now. Oh, how she hung around his neck and thanked me !" "Did they all go off with friends ? " said a low voice from the window. The doctor thought it must be as a death knell to her hopes when .he said, "Y Yes." • Miss Hepsy bustled down to get tea, and the doctor sat silently waiting to thinuk of some word of comfort, but the woman broke the silence. "I know what you are thinking about," she said ; but you are mistaken. I am glad-glad !" Thle: the doctor was too much sur prised to speak. "Perhaps you have ndver heard in this favoured country of husbands who are brutes," she went on rapidly; " mien cowards, who vent every malignant feel ing, vcrery disappointment on the poor woman whom ? the law has given them. Talk of slavery as the English do-there are no worse slaves than most of tihe wives of thieir working men. I know-. I have endured it for two years. Ah, it is over--I am free i " " But," sail Dr. Charlie, still hesitat ing, " excuse mne-you do not speak like the wife of a working man-your language-- " "I will tell you all. You have been kind to me," said the poor creature, her cheeks flushed, and her eyes glittering with excitement. " I shall feel better to talk to some.one. I havehad somne edu cation, but I've always been miserably pooi'. Tihe first I can recollect is living in one of those~tenementhouses in Lon dori--in -a stuffy, close room, where we cooked and slept. My mother sewed half the night, but she taught me.: She had seen: better days, but had run away to marry :a dissipa~ted. and-inmprovident: man hs wasaid owv anid her :frienids the slihairp ivind crsp through every bracl: aiid :inched us wih icold. .I -think :imIy mi otici must aia ev-been in-a despairing mood for days, but it had mnade no great impression o.my childish mind. 1 stood Sat the window, drearily looking out at the puddles of slush :aiia ater, and the drip pings from the womr-eaten gutters that made d'cirty dimPlcs in theni now and then. Oh, how it all'comes back to inme to-day i Mly motliher came toward me. " ' Here; e.Nel;'?'lie said, ' put this shawl about-yolu, for you look nigh clemuxied 'ithi cold.' " ':And Wihatirill you do, mother ?' I asked, for she was taking the shawl from abbdit her own shoulders. "- Oh, I'm ,warm enough,' she an swered. i Ifeel as if I had fire in my veins; bcsidei I'm going to drink this, dnd I'll never feel cold again.' ?: ~ She was dropping some dark stuff out of a vial wihen she said this, and I cried o'ut,-- " - Giveme some too, mother, of the Swonderful, stuff.' - S."But? :she smiled-oh,- such a bitter smileeil felt, child as I was, that somne thing was wrong, and I watched her, .half:afraid, as she sat silent for a time .withi her head on her hand. Then I heaid her say, i* . 'oor lttle JNell-p3or little INell ' "She often said such pitying words, L but something in the tone then seemed to stir my heart. I ran over to her, and L leaned on her knee. She looked white and sick., S " You've.got an aunt, child, she mut ,( tered. L "'Well,,I don't care,' I answered. 'I don't want her.' " "'But you will want-her, dear, and I think-she'll forgive you then--when I'm gone-people can't be angry with the dead-I believe-and she's very comfort-. able-you'll be better off.' "Then I noticed the change in my mother's face-the strange, convulsed, new face that seemed to have taken the place of the dear familiar one, and my screams of grief and terrbr brought in a crowd. But I make my story too long. She was dead ! dead by her own hand! The dark drops were laudanuni. Don't think she was a. sinner," cried the girl, fiercely, turning on the doctor; ." don't judge her." " I will not, I assure you. God for bid," said Dr. Charlie. "Do not -go on " I will make the rest short," she said. " I went to my aunt's-a grim, iron-grey old maid. She had been once on the eve of being married, and had even her wved ding dress made, when the gentleman found his courage fail, and left for parts unknown. Her fierceness against the other sex amounted to insanity. " ' No followers, girl,' she said sternly, ,when I first went to her. "I was only twelve and did not under. stand what she meant, but as I grew older she made the matter plaini in many a tir?Le triud lecture. I had a niiserable life: of it " but .- en so 'I:sh-ild'iot lihae. leftEit for ' or -a moment;y 'Oh " let le 118 n iov , .s :went on impatiently :: I= had to work hiard enough,:but Ihad enough to eat, and - I ought to have been happy"' with some scorn in the tones. " One day I hap pened to be caught in the rain. A young man who-well, who had expressed some admiration for me, overtook me; and held an umbrella over me to my aunt's door. I had never specially cared for Jem Bates a bettle-browed, black-haired fellow, with awful gloomy eyes ; but he seemed good natured, and I could not refuse the shelter of his umbrella in a pelting storm. " Oh, how long I'm making this !" MIy aunt met me with a scathing look. " Turn about-tramp !" she screamed. "Is this the end of all I've done for you ?" and she went on in the most fear ful way, raving like a delirious per son. "So she turned me out-out into the fearful storm, and I had not a friend." The doctor exclaimed, "Poor child I" and he never once lobked at his watch or thought of his other patients. " But the young man, Jem Bates, was not far off. lie soon came back. He had offered himself to me once before, and lie did so again at once, with the rain dripping down on him, and making little rivulets in his black hair. I was reckless. I said ' Yes' then, though I had said no before, and he took ime to his mother's. As soon as it could be arranged we were. married. Then began for me a hell upon eartli. Passionate, stupid, obstinate, cruel-I need not go on. " We set sail for this country, wh.re we hoped to get work. The storm, came. I welcomed it as an angel from God sent to bring nie deliverance. Don't shudder or hate me when I tell you that. I sprang first into the secthing waters. I wanited no life-preserver ; 1 rushed into lheir friendly,:cool arms. You-you brought me back. ' How could you atone-for: that If you had not brought me the good tid ings that'my tyra it is gone ?" Poor Nell leaned backwearily in her chair, tired, but with something of the old pain.gone from her pale face. Her pathetic eyes seemed still asking for all she had missed in life-true hap Diness, true love-but her lips were silent. The next moment it was all with- 1 in her grasp. Dr. Charlie felt a great tide of love and pity pour into his heairt. All his prudence was swamped by that flood. Thh beautiful face before him shone like one of Rapael 's Madonnas ; rosy white it gleamed against thie crimson chair. " Let me save you from thie storms of life from this time." hlie said, leaning down and pitting his hand softly on the. golden hair. Nell looked at him with wide blue eyes. It was :n odd timen for a proposal \--just after announcing the death of one husband. But Dr. Charlie had never thought of her as a imarried woman; she was to him a fair young girl, a waif cast up by the sea for him--his own-his ocean trea sure-hlie had saved her. Nell look at his frank, earnest face, and shivered a little beneath the fervent glance. "Oh, doctor," she said, ''find some fresher heart ; mine has gone through so much. I think I cain never feel again." But Dr. Charlie thought no otherheart would do as well. And when Miss Hepsy came up to the door-not to listen, of course, she scorned the action, but to see if anything were needed-she. beard, quite accidentally, -these words:. .. "Oh, no; not more than.six months !"' Then the patienit's voice softly "Six Simonths at least, do tor. Hepsy- reflieted. -I woni.d if. !s. tilkihg about his 1? wl 9-B.t thatmiin'"a bit like Dr. Charlie, to iej'insiistin on his money."' . So Nellie Bates stayed in the little seacoast townin and found work to do. Indeed, Dr. Chairlie had liandkerchiefs innumerable to hem, enough to have supplied a whole tribe of baby kickapoos, if savages had ever Ibeen prejudiced by education in favor of such art:icles. Miss HIepsy grew more friendly, for Nellie was a charming little person,and in the sunshine of happiness gr:ew so bright that she seemed like a sunbeam her self. Still, there were many curious com ments on the day of the wedding, especi- I ally by disappointed young ladies who had set their caps for Dr. Charlie. "The artful baggage," said one; "do you know, they say she is a widow." . " With old Weller, I say, ' Beware of widows,' " her companion replied. "Sakes alive ! how does he know that her husband is really dead ?"'Miss Hepsy whispered, in confidence, to a friend; "'twould be mighty inconvenient to have him coming back after a while, 'cos it ain't likely h'd have as good manners as that Enoch Arden feller, who jest went off and died sensibly in the nick of tinie \- 1YLIIUULU ZLyl ILUIVLJI b LU IIIVUVUL. But Dr. Earnshawe had not taken the serious step of marriage without making many enquiries and settling the matter to his own satisfaction. He felt a happiness that makes the heart afraid ; still, he .trembled. at some unseen shadow ;he felt- an unreality about it all, as if he were the victim of a strange dream. Yet there at his fireside and table sat the beautiful woman he called his wvie, growing dearer to him day by day. At last, when baby lips crowed a wel-. come to him on his return from weary rides, and dimpled baby hands were stretched out to meet- him, he felt I almost as if earth had no more bliss to give. To Nellie Earnshawe this new life was as if the gates of Paradise had opened for her-as if she had died in the stormy waves of ocean on that tempestuous night and awakened in heaven. She sung about the house like a bird; she bloomed into new beauty like a trans plaiited-flo er. One-night-a night of storm and dark ness-she was listening for her husband's step; baby Charlie was asleep in his crib ; the lamplight kindled up faint gold gleams on the little rings of flossy hair that lay on his white forehead. How cosy and comfortable all looked ! the bright fire, the warm curtainsi-the pictures on- the wall, while the rain beat against the window and the wind wailed outside. Jane' sat thinking of the hard and cruel past, and how God had lifted her out. of it into a pleasant home, and given her. a ,goodly heritage. Oh, the bitter, pinch ing, cruel time! What a dream iit seemed to her now! She wenit do to se that the supper Shave a cup?f lit: coffeea'fteiliis ride The girl stood: at the door, where. a coarse looking man was inquirin' for the doctor. " He is out," said the girl. Mrs. Earnshawe's face had grown sud denly like the face of a corpse. The man stepped boldly forward. " The mistress will do as well. I will speak to her." The girl was going to expostulate, but MAIrs; Earnshawe came forward. " I will see the man, Mary," she said in a low voice. "He can leave the mes sage with me." The man shot a fiery glance at her from beneath his black brows, but walked quietly enough into` the doctor's. office. SOnce in and the door shut, he turned fiercely upon her with an oath.: " Faith, you carry it off bravely, my girl, and you open to the charge of bigamy.', " I-I believed you dead, Jem-as God is in Heaven, I dia!" cried Jane. " And deuced glad you were to believe it, and short mourning you made," the man said, coming up to her with a. threatening gesture, which -brought back-oh, so vividly-all the dread ful -past. "I thought you were at the bottom, too, or I'd hunted you up long ago; but I was faithful to your memory," with a sneer. The man had been drinking; his horrible hot breath seemed to sicken her. Poor Jane ! all the refinements of the present only made the pastlseem more in tolerable. She loathed him with dread unutterable. " Oh, "here's an affectionate welcome after two year's absence. Come, pack up I I want you now.. I've !.t that, blasted I doctor have you long enough. You can't [ keep house for hiimanymore. Pack up' everything, and all the spare money you 'can' find. You ought to have wages, you know." Was the sbolid earthl slipping away. beneat;. her feet ? Was a thick curtain of darkness let down over the world ? Poor Jane' grasped the arm of the chair to steady- herself, for all seemed reeling around her. She felt as if death itself haa grasped her heart with an icy handi and she hoped it might be so. Oh, if life Scould indeed go out now before she must go back to that horrible existence and leave all she loved behi.nd . IaBut death did not cocme. She felt life throbbing again tremulouslyin her veins; ; she felt a ringing in her ears, as if all the bells of the churches far ,way were tolling for her dead hopes. She faltered "' WhatV do you ask, Jem ? You do not want me-I amn a burden-you have often said it-let me be in peace." "Well, this is virtue ! This is my sainted Nell! And you'd live that way, would you, you bagagggo ?" andhe swore a terrible oath. " Come, my principles won'tallow it. I ain't sunk so low yet. You thought I was dead? You wantel to tlhink so, I dare say; but if you believed it, the affalir isn't so bad as it might be ; but if you bought me off now and stayed, do you know what you would be, my girl ?" Nell shuddered. She felt the truth, but right and wrong were strangely con fused in her mind. To go back to squalor, Smisery and blows with this brute, could Snot seem right ; to stay where all her best liopes, her love, her life were treasured, could not seem wrong. She had a vision of lher love, her darling, with his fond eyes looking down at her, and his white forehead'and brown curls, that she knew' by heart. Oh, if she could only spring to those'arms and die there I SAnd her baby-her Prince Charlie-she could not speak of him. She trembled lest his baby cry should reach the ear of her comppanion,ad andaWaken i torrenit of coa0se 1::iisvectiv e and ?.blasphemy. !-?Slhid coldinot i ledvie ?him she wo6uld :nt. 'S?ie Sould work for him till: she dried cideai :This was the first gleath of hope--that entered the poor woman's mind.: She could not stay wheresho was. This fierce, gloomy-eyed man could chlim hIer, body and soul -- 'twas so nominated in the bend-but she would elude himn, and find at least peace, if not happiness, in some obscure corner in the world. .... The rain beat down sullenly now, and a wild windshook the tree tops. Mlrs. Earnshawe trembled-at the sounds. If the doctor came now-oh, how would the parting be ! "Where are you staying, Jem ?" she asked. '" AtL the Cottage Hotel; rather low, ch ? Well, I like it low. I'm low my self." "I'll meet you there'-" " No, you don't. I'll keep an eye on you, my lady." "Can'tyou trust me, Jem?'" Nellie stid, quaking with fear. " You know I can't stay here. If I don't meet you at ten, come here in the morning. I give you leave. Come and claim me then. I only want to do things quietly. I expect Dr. SEarnshawe' every minnte, and then what an awful scene. I cannot bear it. You Smust go now. I must have a little time " To pack up, eh ? Oh, very well-I'm Sagreeahle. Pack up a good deal ; I'll : allow 'every convenience, for that opera tion. I think I've got you sure enough, for the law's on my side," and the burly s fellow staggered to his feet with a parting oath by way of benediction. " Jane did not stop long. She rushed up stairs,-and begani putting her things to-' \- gether with frantic haste. Prince ClOarlia woke up and began to.. watch :his: .nioher with laughingblue eyes,as if all her move ments were part of a play enacted for his benefit. Shobild she write a line to explain ? No, there was no time for that. She could send a fer lines from the next stopping place. Oh, how desolate her darling would be when he came to his lonely home that night-wife and child both gone ! She took up an old photograph, and. kissed it again and again. In all her frantic hurry she took time for that. She looked around "the pretty room full of beautiful tokens of his love with frenzied eyes-so pure and fresh it was-a lily of a room. She thought of the bare, cold places that must soon be her home--the toiling,.empty life that awaited her; and she felt forced to cry out, as one of old : " My God, my God, why hast Thou for saken me P" She did not take many things, only useful and plain clothing. She could lnot bear to take the pretty ornaments her darling had given hlier from time to time. She could remember so .well the happy scenes which .each recalled. , Had it all been a- dream, or was this last a--frightful nIightmare, :from iwhich she - slihould :awake soon in an ecstacy of .joy and.peace.? L Bab'y OCharlie's hat and coat. niov:!:Oh, how the storm peltedg iainistl the wiidow How wouild she slield the darling; in the It bounded nowBut awith the oland toy bu ith wasden all d awful thebetter for th but she ew would be abroad then rs groupve tidingof men.f thto anyd happened Hinquire did no "PooHar! Thfelblood stodstill in hover wih hveins. Itreckon as-ithaasthe of hoeyrsein the ddor-a soud thim at alwoncay set her heahimt beating. It bounded now not with the old joy, but with asudden and awful terror; bute she went down. w. " awDr.Charlie and out "ers- a man has beeof men. - What had happened? He did not see her, but was giving orders. "Poor fellow, its all over theith hia. lamp fell reckon that edpair of horses tramped the life out of-him at onceT: but bringows, the him in, and I'llt do what her delivercan." Then glancing up, he saidw the pale ands white as a ghost's, looking down. "Oh," Nlie, keep away.His he called out " a maby n has been runover, and I was forced to bring him here." But the full light of the hall lamp fell on the man's bloated face as they carried him in. The black brows, the closed eyes, the purple lips, Nellie knew wehl,(and she knew that her deliverane had come. : For the doctor said softly and reverently " He is dead." - His wife stole up to baby Charlie's hod side, and fainted away, with a prayer of thanksgiving on her lips. 