i wRoro ra/Sffiu. ' " ' — 2 — -V' _ \ " -'T; l: ! Bt 'Tbb DuCH3/v- . X.---7 ,v i 1 Dear fellow ! So glad to see jpu 1 Bui " vliat a godless hour to arrire at ! After twelve ! You must be frozen.,' cried Oswald Travers all in oue breath, as he rushes down5 the stone steps to welcome his cousin. 4 Here, Hoggins,' to the butler, 4 see to Captain Dugd.le'a luggage. By Jove « — what a |1 0 ' j ' Couldn t come a second sooner,' Bays i Dugdale, springing from the dogcart and shaking the show from his shoulders. 4 Thought up to the last I shouldn't be able to come at all. As it is I've run it father fine, eh l This is the 23rd, and — ' 4 The 24th, my good friend— Christmas eve already. Here, come along, you must be positively famished." 4 Well, I could eat something, says Bog- dale, laughing and following him into the grand old hall, still ablaze with lights, and with two roaring fire3 in it that seemed determined to defy the wintry cold without. 4 Sir George and the mater and all the re spectable members of the household are in bed,' says Oswald, the eldest of the name. 4 The more frivolous oueo are still in the billiard room. But we can give them a wide berth for this night, at all events, as I expect you are tired ; and, besides, I want a word or two with you alone. My father had quite given yuu up— yon are eo late. Come along, and let me show you your room, whilst they are preparing some supper ior you. Higgins, which is Captain Dugdale'a room?' 4 Blue chamber, sir ; east wing.' 4 All right. I say, old man,' says Oswald, apologetically, stopping midway upstairs to look back at liis cousin. 4 1 hope you won't mind, but you kuow what Sir George is at Christmas time. He will ask everybody all at once, and this time he has so outdone himself that we have been obliged to double- bed some of the larger rooms. They've put one of the young Ormsbys into yours ; a quiet lad, niueteen or so ; steady, respectable, warranted not to bite, but rather a bore for you. nevertheless, I'm afraid.' 4 Warranted not to snore would be more to the purpose,' says Dugdale, laughing. 4 At all events it will only be for a day or two, as the Ponsonbys and the Blakes leave directly after Christmas. I'm awfully sorry about it, but you know my father is incorrigible — never happy unless he has the house in an overflowing state. We have e veil had to put some of the girls in rooms with two beds to get space for the others.' 4 Well, it's large enough to admit of half- a-dozen beds,' says Dugdale. good naturedly, as he enters the blue chamber and warms his hands thankfully before the huge fire burning iu i he grate. As he speaks he looks around hnn; it is. indeed, a charming room, hand somely furnished, and as comfortable as the soul of man could desire. The extra bed, with hanging curtains of pale blue, to match the rest of the furniture, has been pushed into a corner, so as to take as little as possible from the grandeur of the 4 regular' bedstead, that stands with its back up against the central wall of the apartment, as though resenting the intrusion of the foreigner. 4 Well, hurry up, and let s go down to the dining-room,1 says Oswald ; 4 I've a lot to say to you.' So much, indeed, that the night is far ad vanced before his say is said— the fact that he has lately be ome engaged to the 4 dearest girl' in the world having a good deal to do with thi-» protracted conversation. Three o clock has struck, and the distaut sounds of merrim- nt that reached them from the hiiliard-rooin have long since died into nothingness when at length Dick Dug dale. rising from his chair, declares, with a yawn, that sleep lias mastered him. He is a tall, lean, soldierly young man of about twenty-nine, with a singularly hand some face, and a face browned by India's suns. He has, indeed, only just returned from the East — a good deal the slighter for his sojourn there — and, being heart-whole and next heir to a baronetcy, has been, during the p ist week, the subject of some speculation amongst the women assembled at Travers Court. 4 h ou won't lose your way, will you?' says Oswald, as he bids him good night on coming to a lauding where their roads sepa rate. 4 You kuow the house too well for that.1 4 1 should,' says Dugdale, laughing. 4 This house has been my home too often to let a few years destroy all memory of it.' He goes softly down the corridor that leads to his room, calling out a last subdued good night and walking delicately as Agag " might, lest he should disturb the slumberers on either hand. A vague suspicion that perhaps that after all he does n I know his own room as well as he had believed, rouses a mingled sense of consternation and amuse ment in his mind, so that when he comes to his door he opens it cautiously, and not without a certain sense of trepidation. All right, however ! The large chamber presents itself to him in colours blue as the sky ; the fire still burns as cheerily upon the hearth as it did three hours ago. Capital servants the Travers always have kept, by the way ; unless, in leed, the present glowing furnace, is to be attributed to the zeal of his sleeping partner in this room. By the way, what sort is he ?' Flinging the coat he has just taken off upon a chair near him, he turns his gaze upon the bed at the fartherst end of the room — the bed in the >mer ; the bed appropriated to the steady, quiet, respectable neneteen' year-old lad, warranted not to bite, of whom Oswald had spoken in such glowing terms, to find it— empty. Mechanically he directs' his attention upon the bed proper to find it — full! Why, confound that Ormsby boy ! Was there ever such impertinence — sneh sy bari tish selfishness? His heart, however, mel's within him as he gazes upon what there is to be seen of this model of iniquity. What a small head ! with what a wealth of curling hair ! A mere boy it must be, in sore want of a barber. A timid boy, too evidently afraid of ghosts or such Like midnight visitations, as he tucked the clothes right round his neck, and almost over his head. A mere child : he must he, with bro ws as white as that, and with breathing so soft, so noiseless, that one lit Tbelieve him dead, v- Dqad ! |Dugdale had heard of corpses being ljpOtfqred in. double-bedded rooms before : hdeed, qiiito an orthodox good old ! story ; but to have it come home to him in. mis abrupt way is not half so pleasant as the rmld imagining of it. , To read of a tragedy 18 orre thing ; to be mixed up with it is quite another. .. Taking up the candle he advances quickly to wards the bed, and looks down upon tha owner of chose short. brown curls. Great heaven ! what is this ? By a miracle .aoae Dugdale prevents the candlestick from falling with a crash to the floor ; by a miracle, too, he represses the exclamation that rises to his lips. The steady, respecta ble Ormsby boy, 4 warranted not to bite,' has resolved himself into a girl ! And such a lovely girl, too ! The little, pretty, soft, dishevelled curls, brown as hazel wits, are lying on a forehead white as pariau marble. The rounded cheeksare flushed with sleep s fond heat, the long, dark lashes lying ou them, making a tender contrast with, the crimson ground beneath ; the lips, red as cherries npe, are softly indolently closed, it occurs to him that they might open at any mpment, and then— 11, TiiEN ! not the lips, but the1 eyes open. Large daik eyes heavy with slumoer scarcely broken, and for an instant they gaze UP at at him, vaguely trouoled— softly uncertain. Dp to this point Dugdale "en f n -r?te<i to tlle 8P£- To say that lie is filled with amazement would toe but to give a poor explanation of his feeling.-, ; that he is frightened to death, would.. roe tar nearer to it. Wow seeing those half conscious eyes on his, he gives way altogether. Hastily -extinguishing the tell-tale candle, he makes a dash for his coat, and then for the dour and rushes blindly down the now dark eorrid »r. Towards the end, seeing a liht gleaming from one of the apartments, he makes for it in desperation, and— yes— tnank heaven, there are two beds here also, the room is distinctly blue— lie -Uiust have -found ilia naven at last. " Sinking into a chair he presses his hand to his ioreheud, and listens wita all his might. Will she scream ? rouse the house ? Has she mistaken him for a burglar? Or— blessed hope !— has she been so little awakened thai Ins rapid exit may hare left her under the im pression that all she saw was but the outcome of a dream ? Somewhat relieved by this - thought, he prepares once more for bed. Tuis time, at aU events, he has made no mistake, the loud and healthy snoies that come from t.ie couch i u .he corner preclude the smaUest possibility of doubt. All then may yet be well. That one hasty glance of hers could have told her not. ling, and there is no other clue. Placing his lingers in his waiscoat pocket to take out his watch, he at once grows rigid with coa ts ueriia thou, and a look of horror overspreads his face ! His watch ! He has left it behind him ! - it is probably at this moment ticking away — with quite disgraceful indiii'erence as to its owner's agony— upon her table 1 Alas ! tor that dream theory of his ! Dreams come and go, but leave nothing tangible behind them. m 9 4 I say, where's Lilian?' asks Oswald, looking up from the game-pie he is discuss ing. 4 Not like her to be late.' 4 No ; she is generally up to time.' says Lady Rattleton, a lively. looking blonde, casting a sharp glance all round the break fast table. She didn't like that beating you gave her at billiards last night, perhaps, or else for once in her life she is lazy.' 4 Wrong in both surmises,' said Lady Travers, glancing from behind the huge silver urn, as the door opens, and a little slight girl, almost childlike in face and form comes into tie room. V r j nervously she com. s forward, changing from white to red, and from red back again to white, as she does so. 4 Well, Lily ! come at last, dear.' Dugdale' s heart gives a big jump. That pretty head, with its short, nutbrowu curls, harmless as it seems, strikes terror to his soul. He grows almost vehement in his attentions to his left h md neighbour — a gaunt old maid w!th spec! a -les. Anything ra'.her th m meet the eyes of ihis little hesitating new-comer/ 4 Glad you've come, Lilian. We were just going to have the lake dragged.' 4 Really, Miss Eaglethorpe, you should give us notice when you intend to retire into private life. The auxiety we have undergone up to this would ' 4 Slept it out, Lil ?' questions her brother, a tall guardsman, who is" at the sideboard busy with a ham. 4 She looks rather as if she hadn't slept at all,' says Sir George Travers, her kindly host drawing a chair up close to his own, and beckoning her to come to him. 4 That blue room is haunted, says Augusta, the eldest daughter of the house ; I warned you about it, Lil. Well, What did you see? Who entered your room last night ? Let us hear the ghastly details. Poor Miss Euglethorpe ! Dugdale's heart dies within him as he sees the cruel crimson that, rising, oolours her cheeks. 4 By Jove, I thiuk you've hit it,' says her brother, mightily mused by this blush. (Brothers are such brutes !) 4 Come, tell us, Lily ! The actual person who sees a ghost is so much pref rable to the person who knows somebody else who has seeu a ghost. Was it a man V Good breeding so far stands to MissE lgle- thorpe that, though now deadly pale, she re fuses further to betray herself. As for Dug dale, gazing on that brave little face, he feels as if hemust rise aiid say something. But what ? That is the question that reduces him to absolute nothingness. ! 4 Had he his head under his arm ?' persists Lady Rattleton, with the loud laugh that is commonly, and rather justly, supposed to. proclaim the vacant mind. . 4 Or a dripping sword, perchance,' says the Guardsman, who, being her brother, is of course the last man in the world to ever dream of looking at her. 4 Come, come, come, cries Sir George quickly. 4 A truce to all such idle jests. Can't you see that the little oue has a head- - ache? A cup of tea for her, Oswald, that -will exorcise the demon, I hope ! : Have you seen the last about' these Whitechapel mur ders ? Eh ? — eh ? Such a disgrace as they are to civilisation." And so on. The good . old host compels them all to follow hkn far away from Miss Eaglethorpe and her won-ies. . - : 4 Now, once for all, we must be in time- to decorate the church,' says Augusta Travers presently, who is commonly supposed to he an admirer of the rector's— -a happy, tm- married man! 4 We have only this one clear day before us, and we'll hardly get our work through before Christmas dawns.' 4 What hour are we to meet at the church?' 4 Half-past eleven, sharp/ 4 And it is now — By Jove, what is it, now, by anything reliable? asks Oswald, stariug, at the clock on the . mantelpiece, that points stolidly to twenty, past two. 4 That cloek has gone down. I say, Dugdale, you are the last comer from the seat of war ; give us the news — the time.' We have all heard of the word 4 limp/ It, and it only, describes Dugdale at this moment. . 4 Eh?' says he, with a view to gaining rime. An awful consciousness that two large brown eyes are at this instaut fixed upon him renders him almost paralysed. 4 My dear fallow, straight from town as you are, you can -of course give us the right time.' 4 There are overrate my strength,' says Dugdale, recovering himself by a supreme effort. 4 The fact is. I was so tired last night that I forgot to wind ray watch, and when I looked at it this morning I found it had meanly run down. So sorry . He quite forgets to hope that heaven will forgive him this j h us in his - anxiety to see how she has taken it. She has evi dently taken it liut sadifa itorily. The; white and frighteneu was turned on him "a moment since - now looks' half- re- ; iieved. That 4 1 looked at ii this morning . had been very clever ; she had accepted it as the noble truth. She is still timid, unnerved, but her glances are no ionger directed specially to wards him ; they are divided amongst the other men sitting all round the table. As they rise from the latter, Augusta comes up to Dugdale. 4 I tliink you and Miss Eaglethorpe are the two peopie unknown to each other here,' says she. ' Tiiat should be a bond of union between you. ' She laughs the little unctuous laugh peculiar to stout people, and introduces Dugdaieto Lilian. Now don t be half a century getting into your waiting things,' says she to Miss Eaglethorpe. 4 You nave a big day's work Dcfore you in the church. Persuade Captaiu Dugdale to give you his assistance and you will make tne parisri your friend for ever.' 3.D tills lilies XiUgietnorpe says a wora or two, as in duty bound, and Captain Dugdale answers it, the result being that the former finds herself behind a pair of ponies half an uour later, witn tiie latter holding tne reins. Tiiis conjunction brings them speedily to tne church door, wuere uivers spoken plans for celebrating Christmas are making the air loud. jiiiss Englethorpe being of energetic turn of mind, soon separates herself from the idle memoers of tne Hock and gives herself up to the working secti n thereof. Holly, ivy, and certain hothouse plants, sent in from the conservatories around, are scattered piofu-ely about the altar and aii down the' aisles. The rector clad in dis tinctly mundane garments is moving about briskly from pillar to post, giving instruc tions to the unlearned —a large class. Quite towards tue eni or tne afternoon Miss Engietuorpe, finding: herself alone at the. base of the pulpit with an ivy wreath iu ner hands that cries aloud for some resting piact , looks round fier and sees at a distance . Dugdale. He is coming towards her, and smiles as he meet her eyes, but what is there about him that idllsthe answering smile mat had arisen to her lips ? Dugdale gives a hasty side glance at himself and finds he is in his shirt-aleeves, having fiuug off' his coat awhile ago to goto work with a greater zeai. Good heavens ! lie was in his siiirt-sleeves that last, that first time she saw him ! Could it be possible that a remembrance of that unfortunate moment is slowly awakening wituin her ? What if she should ever arrive at a certainty about that fatal mistake of his? Mairiug a hasty snatch at fiis coat he dings that unoffending garment over the tell-tale shirt with quite au angry air, and turns once inore.to Miss Engl th »rpe. 4 Now, what , can 1 do for you ?' says he, with as unconcerned a manner as he can a -same at so short a notice and with his heart beating to such a violent degree. 4 Nothing, thank you,' return -> she, icily, moving abrutly away ; and then, as if ashamed of her petulance or not knowing positively that she has reasonfor it, she looks round at hirn. 4 Well, there is this,' she says, with hesi tation, glancing at her wreath ; 4 where shall I put it ?' 4 I'll show you,' says he briskly, a weight lifted from his heart. After all she does not know. And what a lovely face ir. is that now is looking into his, not, however, with out a strange suppressed anxiety, that might be calle I doubt, visible in it. To combat this doubt he makes the object of his life for the next half hour, and has congratulated himself that he has succeeded, when suddenly Miss Eaglethorpe puts hope oa that subject to flight. 4 What o'clock is it ? psks she, so nervously that it is impossible not to notice her agita tion. Dugdale makes a laudable effort to : conquer the situatiou, and fumbles iu the pocket where that confounded watch should be as thoroughly as though he honestly be lieves it is there to be found. . 4 Oh, by Jove! of" course-,' says he. 4 I forgof l hadn't wound it last night, and that it stili lies on ifiy table/ Let me tell you a secret,' speaking very- carefully, bfit rather fast. 4 1 am one of thtose' fellows you know, who' hate a watch and never wear 'em, if they can get out of it.' 4 No, I don't' know any of them,' says Miss " Eaglethorpe, slowly. He cau. feel her eyes upou his face, and after a swift glance knows they are full of tears, frightened, shamed tears ! Her whole soul is in. these anxious eyes, and he understands, iu- stinotively, that it is the uncertainty of it all that is so terribly- distressing her. He feels like a murderer as he sees the tears, and hp feels, toq, with greatpr justice, that he iss "dfiyplpping "into A coiummate liar. 1 7:; " J, 4 Well, now, you know one,' says he, with what, ho tells himsfff, is quite an awful sprightliueas. - 1 A watch,, to me-, is a bore, hardly to be endured. Just now and again ' it is a useful thing, I daresay, but, as a rule I " shouldn't wonder, for. instance,, if you nev-r saw me with ihihe the whole time I am h / What a pity ! Is— is it a nico watch ?' asks Miss Englethorpe, with what he is pleased to see somewhat recovered spirits. 4 Far from it,' promptly. 4 Beastly old thing ; silver. My father gave it to me or I shouldn't carry it with me at all/ , Alas for the generosity of that good father, whose gift had most assuredly, been golden. But Lilian (he has already, even at this early stage of their acquaintance, begun to so designate her) is for the time satisfied, and what is a father in comparison with a pretty girl ? For the rest of the evening everything goes smoothly between her and Dugdale, and the next day, Christmas day, passes without a hitch, aud is indeed remem bered by both, long afterward as having been the happiest they had ever spent. If at times Miss Englethorpe feels little icy thrills of fear, stealing over her as she thinks of that watch lying perdu beneath her laces up stairs (she had been afraid to put it in her jewel case, the girls in the house having quite a mania for overhauling that charming receptacle), she resolutely puts such fears behind lier, and with as good courage as she can., enjoys the present. Soouer or later she knows she .will have to stand face to face with her midnight visitor, will have to return that watch, and thereby bring utter confu- - sion upon her head but until - then- let her he happy. Her one devout prayer inece -santly breat.ied . is — that - whoever-- :it L that temblempparitiGn may resolve- itself into,- it will -Mfff be Dugdale. Oh, no, not Captain Dugdale, any one but him ; and surely, it couldn't be he. She has his own word for it, or nearly so. His watch — -that mys terious oue he hates so much, that seemingly no man" has ever yet seen— is silver, whilst hers— that is — his — that is— the vvsBrcH's — is -gold ! No ; he Captain Dug dale, would not wilfully deceive her, and yet Always an unwelcome doubt remains behind. Aid to this doubt is given from the most unexpected sources. Human spite has ujEiimg to do with it, as no "one can possibly know anything aboiit the fiasco save she and — that other. Some impalpable imp must have taken it in hand, and found its pleasure iu tormenting her. The first shock had come at that memorable breakfast ; " the second when she had seen Dugdale for the .irst time (was it the first time ?) in his shirt- sleeves in tne cfiurch. ; the third arose out of tne tableaux virants that the Travers girls would get up. These doubts have all to do with Dugdale, but besides these she is harassed with speculations as to other guests in the house. Dugdale apparently is not the only me who does not possess, or can't at ali events produce a watch. H n. Bertie Light- ..vooii, a near-sighted little mortal, more dead tuan alive, never wears oue, and Geofgt Hardup, a stalwart dragon, says he has let's his in town to be repaired. In the tableaux it so happens that Miss Euglethorpe and Captain Dugdale are cast for the scene from Tennyson's 4 Sleeping Beauty,' when the latter is roused from hei Neep of a hundred years by a kiss from the wandering prince. The other tableaux had gone off pretty well. Lady Rattleton, in deed, as Diana Yemon had scored a distinct success, and Oswald Travers, with his fiancee, a geutle little thing, with intelligent eyes, were very well thougnt of as Una' and the Lion ; there had, indeed, been som difficulty about the get-up of Oswald as thai remarkable beast — lie was the lion— but when ne had been smothered in two bear, three opossum and oue leopard skin he was con sidered a very creditable article indeed. H was at all events unique of liis kind, and that is everything. Bat a little whisper has got about that 4 The Sleep mg Beauty is to be the event o. the evening, and now, as the curtain slovv.y (and witn several heart-stirring checks) rises, rumour for the third or fourth time proves true. Beyond all doubt Miss Englethorpe is a beauty ! Every mau in the room, ami even a few women, acknowledge this un deniable fact. Lying there upon the crimson-covered couch in her delicate white robes, with her nut-brown curls nestling amongst the red velvet of the cushions, Lillian Englethorp looks lovely as a happy dream. The exquisite face is colourless, save for the scarlet lips and the dark lashes lying on the oval cheek. Had that dead past beauty of olden time, so dear to fairy lore and poets, been half SO fair" as this, her modern representative, no woiider the prince lost his head, but gained his courage and made herhis by that revivifying loss. So thinks Dugdale, as compelled by his part — but yet a very willing servant — he bends over her. How sweet she looks ! How kind ! Yet if she knew all, would she no; spurii him? All — yet how little? Haw delicately the lashes lie upon that perfect cheek ! Oh ! that the curtain mi Hit stay up forever ! Oh ! that he dai ed, as did that old- world-lover, to stoop and kiss and wake her into a new life — a life of love for him ! The curtain, however, like time, takes heed of no man. Down.it comes with a little hang ; so suddenly that Dugdale, lost in his tr race of admiration, forgets all about it. It is only when the large dark eyes open and look straight up into his impassioned ones that the fact of its descent dawns upou him. That fact, and another too. With -a little/sharp exclamation, Miss: Euglethorpe springs to her feet, dings back the crimson coverings that had partially covered her, and for a moment stands pale, defiant, horror-- stricken before him. What is she thinking of? What ! It seems to him iu the midst of his consternation that he knows ! Again, he sees himself in that blue chamber looking (down upon the sleeping girL Again she wakes. Again her oyes uplift themselves to his— as they do now. . Miss Englethorpe has taken a step nearer to him ; she has lifted her -hand- as though she would have spoken to him. There is in the strange deep glaacq of her eye some- thing of absolute agony v Her lips part. . All. at once she turns aside, her Land falls ' to her Bide, And abruptly, .. nay brusquely, she passes hiik by, /and. disappears by- the ' amateur wjug. _ - . , Dugdale, who has grown a little Is the only one left to receive tho plimriitqi of the assembled co ant j, _ She puts in no appearance at breakfast next morning, and DugcTalh'si heart sinks . lower within him; it that be possible. Late in the afternoon, at the five o'clock tev., that seems to delight everybody, "but at which she — i-eally he has begun to! regard her, ao far as name is concerned, almost as the heroine of Mr. Haggard's novel— is also absent; and,, strolling leisurely into the -library,, where, this mild dissipation is, as a , .rule, carried out to its bitter end, Dugdale becomcaaware of that crushing fact. He. has hardly ha<l his own cup, however, which neither cheers = nor in- briates hiin. when a door opening on Ms . left - causes him to turn. " ' - Yes, it Is she. But a very pale and n- rvous she — a she, too, .fighting evidently , - against odds that are of U spiritual' nature and not open to the public. 4 Dugdale, look- . ing at her, feels, puzzled. . ; His ignorance, however, ia ' of short con tinuance. Miss Euglethorpe has not been two minutes in the room ' when somebody-: — ' Lady Rattleton, of course — Bays loudly : 1 Whose watch is this?' As she spoke she lifted a gold watch from a small table at her elbow, with chain attached; and holds it up, as if for auction, to those arouud. Dugdale s heart grows still. . That it is his " watch goes without telling. . That she, un able longer to endure the "suspense, unable, " too, to retain so valuable an article, has at last decided ou Graving' the worst, is clear to him. She had come in, had laid that vile timepiece upon the table,' unseen, by anyone,"1" and now, -when all tin? guests had assembled, ' iswaiting to lnnmthe trnth. Well, s he shan'tiiear i t tros n hifimt all eveijt / 4 A fine thing-!— a Very fine thing !- And who is the. owner, of this fine -thing?' cried - Lady Rattleton in her shrill tones, dangling the watch to and fro, and challenging all men present. 4 Yours, Oswald ? No f lours, Mr. Lightwood? Y'ours, Sir George ?' to her host. 4 No, really ? It looks like an irirloou Well, come, it must be yours, Captain Dugdale.' a or a moment Dugdale hesitates. It is a hesitation so slight as to he almost unfelt — ' but iu the most infinitesimal space of time -. quite a train of thoughts can present them selves. If he repudiates the watch now he c in never claim it again and it is an old friend, the companion of many a year, and dear to him, as inanimate things sometimes will be. But not to deny all knowledge of it, with those large searching eyes gazing at him from the other end of the room, waiting breathlessly as it seems for his answer, is im i.»s>ib e to him./ 4 Mine ? No, 'says he, shaking his head, with a smile. ' Must be.ong to some of the other fellows. They'll claim it when they come in,' says Oswald indifferently, as Lady Rattleton puts back the watch ou the table where she uad found it. Dugdale breathes more . freely, and lets his glance turn to where Lilian has but just now be n standing. She ins gone into the embrasure of tne window, aowever, and is sitting there on a pile of cushions, chatting with apparent gaiety with i young man, who is holding a teacup for ier. She has not disbelieved him then ? Once again he has escaped detection! Surely ne could not laugh like that if she doubted. Ye: — strange perversity — he almost wishes ne had doubted, that she knew, that it was ill over, and she had forgiven him. A grow ing dislike to the young man to whom sue is asking herself so agreeable, mingled with a sort of discomfort hardly to be placed, in'- . I. ices hirn to leave the gay party roaud the tea tab'e aud wander somewhat aixnles ly into the music roam, a charm ng apartment, nuog i ale pins cretonne, , and with a huge J how- window facing south! At tais hour of the day it is sure to he t .IcsL-rted aud free from fear of chance visitors. Glad in this thought, Dugdale stands moodily in the window chewing the cud of several bitter thoughts, when a light but hurried tep behind causes him to turn. Who can be coming now ! r It seems to him that he hardly knows her, . as she stops short before him, her lips" parted aud her breath coining and going so rapidly chat it almost appears to hurt her. Her agitation is so extreme that inybliffitarily he puts out his hand asvthough to support her, , out She shrinks from him. 4 Here,' she says. 4 Take it. There is no reason you should lose it because — because pf . me !' .. ... . !, . It is Ms watch she is offering him. ! Losing his head a little — his aitatiounow being even greater than her own.— he woffld once aore have denied all knowledge of it, but She restrains him. ; . . : 4 Oh, no, no, so !' cries 'she; vtAidden. - intense passion. 4 Do not Say it! again. It is 1 I know / I think I have koown it all along.' ri . j places the watch upon ah ottomah near her. and makes a movement towards the door." SometMng tells him that if she goes now it will be : tor ever. With a touch of desperation in his manner he gets before her, aud places his back against the door. ' D not go like this,1 says he, his face as white as her own. 4 Let me say a w >rdor two. Just hear me ! After all, what was it? Li'" <n, let me speak/ Hi has put out borh his hands and tried to take hers, but with a sharp little gestoih she repulses him, and then— 11 at once,, as . it w re, she covers uer lace aud breaks n o a wild and bitter fit of crying ; not loud sobs, but low aud ueavy, that snake all her slender frame. Turning abruptly from him as though ashamed of this nncontro lable out burst, she hurries behind the cui tains of the window, and, leauing against the woodwork, cries as. despairingly as a broken-hearted child. ... ,, , 4 Is it worth such grief as this ?' says Dugdale miserably, .following her- igtqr the embrasure of the window. ' 4 It was- only a mistake . when all is told.; Mine-nand an 5 inexcusable one if yog wiR-— bntvnot:,wbrtfi one of those cruel tears. I can't thiink Aow it happened ; how lvvras 80stupid, bnt- — : — I - 4 Don't speak of it. loan't bear it,' cried she with a £tam> of her small foot. ; > : t \ ' Far hotter speak of it, . , aiid ts'-do&e; with , it for ever, Rays Dugdale, . You have., been making a moiffitkin 6utof k mere molehill, Ljgh in. J»f Yery well ; I'd. rather be miserable, Miss Englethorpe from. behind her „hapd- kerchief; thmigh,1 with aiipther jsob, 4 if I u am to Iro as miserable aslhis alw ays, T shall V soon die "J dhatVo/iecqirfforfc.' 4 Nottomfe,' says Dugdale. ; ISavo you no pity tor me?D6 you think J have suffered nothing? That ey0iy nervons glance of yours has not been an agony to me ? If I deserved punishment for my offence— which truly was an innocent one — why ! I have enduie l a thousand times. If you could forgive me now — if — ' _ , ,, ' Oh ! if it had been any one but you. flays she so naively , with such an unconscious betrayal of her real feelingforhim, thatOug- dale's heart beats high. Emboldened by this veiled admission lie very gently takes her m his arms, and presses her head down upon his shoulder. , ' Why, if it had been so much the worse, savs heouickly. '.You and I can keep the secret to ourselves, can we net? Lilian, may a tell you now what you surely know already, but what I want so badly to put into words. I love you Darling— Darling do you think you can like me— enough— to marry me V 4 Well if it had't been for that,' says she despondently ; but, considering, she turns io him instead of from him, as she makes this disheartening speech. Dugdale is not so much crushed by it as be ought to have been. ' If it hadn't been— you eould have liked me ?' asks he gently. V Oh ! what!is_the good' of talking of it now ?' says she, with a heavy sigh . \ ' Not much!' says Dpgdale mercifully. But just for argument's sake, answer me.' ' ' Well — yes,' reluctantly. 'Then,' says Dugdale, with a base descent into ordinary gladness, . 4 1 shall insist on your liking me now, too, in spite of that un fortunate ' ' Oh,' cries she, hastily, ' don't mind that. She lifts one hand and lays it on his lips. It is something else I" want to talk to you about. Do you think — a — that is — that one person could ever love another person when those two persons have only seen each other for ten days ? 4 If you and I are those two persons — yes,' says Dugdale, with deep conviction. 4 It's a very short time,' says she, doubt fully. ' The man who could see you for ten days and be still insensible to — well, never mind him, he would be beneath contempt,' says Dugdale. As for me, the very first time I ever saw you ' ' Oh, don't !' says she, hiding her face on his breast. 4 On our very first introduction ' ' Dick ! if you insist on talking about that — I — I % oofCt marry you,' says she, in dignantly. And if I don't you will ?' 4 Oh ! you Jcrnw it,' says she, so shyly, so sweetly, that he feels earth has no more to offer Mm. 4 And now, not another tear,' says he, presently, when their raptures and explana tions, and all the blessed vows that lovers from time immemorial have given and taken, have been gone through. 4 Here, i take my handkerchief ; yours is wet through. (Bless me, what ridiculous things girls use, to be sure !) Not another tear shall you shed all your life through if I can prevent it. But there is one thing that has always puzzled me. May I ask you about it ?' ' Is — is it about — that V nervously. Yes, I want to know why both the rooms were blue V 'That was Augusta's fault. She liked "the bid room so much, yours, that she had : another done up like it — mine I I — I wish she hadn't.' ' Well, I don't,' says Dugdale. ' One of the sweetest recollections of my life will be of a little soft,' brown curly head, lying ' Here Miss . Englethorpe makes such a desperate effort to escape from his encircling arms that he has to break off in the middle of his enthusiastic memories to circumvent her. ' Well, I won't— I swear it !' declaxes he. t 1lT-A AT _ -i v , 1 jwub uhuliict wora on xue suojecc snail pass my lips until we are such an ancient Darby and Joan that it will seem like a dream to us.' ' Now, you promise, mind,' says she; and then pauses, so evidently full of a desire to say something else, that instinctively lie says : . 'Well?' < There is just one thing that has troubled me most of all,' confesses she, falling into a little whisper, and so turning her head that he can't see her eyes. ' Was — that time— you know— -was my hair very crumpled ? Was,' plucking nervously at the bottom of his coat, ' was I looking very dreadful ?' ' Oh ! darling heart. How could you look that ?' cries he, straining her . to his heart. 