BAPTIST SUNDAY-SCOOL ANNI VERSARY . . Last Sunday special sermons in onbnection with the above event were prtached in the Baptist Church by the Rev. W. Whale, of Brishbae. Special hymnse too, were need, the singing being very creditable;. Mr. Ingram, jun., presiding at the organ. In the morning, Mr..Whale selected as his text the 66th verse of the latobahpter of Luke-" What-nannerof the child snaill this be ?h" asked in reference to John the Baptist. The preacher pointed out that this was a question that might be asked of any child. Nearly every one had an ideal of what he or she would like or would try .to be. Children-had waking dreamsthis of th kind, and so had parents iu regard to their offspring. These would grow up to take the place of their elders, and therefore much importance at tached to their training. Every Christian parent hoped.tbat his child would be a better man, a better Christian than himself, and even wicked men indulged in such hopes respecting theirfamilies, fortheyknew wellcnoughthat the stability and prosperity of a community de pendedverygreatly upon the integrity, honesoy, and law-abiding, law-supporting habits of the people constituting it. Of course, as per sone increasedinage, theyfoundthattheirideals could never be reached, and, naturally, their enthusiasm was cooled and their enterprise checked; but, although they knew the world for what it was, and not what it seemed, they would not try to deaden the aspirations of their children-or, as it was colloquially termed, "putold heidi on young ahoulders." On the contrary, they would--or shabould-not only endeavour to infuse hopeinto their breasts, but they themselves would try to keep younog hearts in their old bodies. Amongst the many influences which had a formative effect upon youth, home.life and school-life were the moeat powerful. When manhoodl was reached, and evil ways adopted, punishment seldom acted as a deterrent; and Sir Charles Lilley recently stated, as the result of his ex perienco, that the only influence by which criminals could be permanently reformed must be of Divine origin. With regard to saohool life it, in some cases, had greater virtue, or, at all events, greater effect than home-life. Be (the speaker) was pleased to say that he knew teachers whese influence for good was very great-menwhowere moulding the younginthe right way, and it was well for the colony that there were such teachers. Still, on the whole, home was the place where a Christian life could besat be taught, both by example and by pre cept; and he would urge his hearers to train their children in such an atmosphere of love and religion, so that they might have the beLt preparation for theirlife's battle. In the afto: . noon a children's service was held, when Mr. Whale addressed the scholars, questioning them and giving them sound advice suited to their youth. At night Mr. Whale preached to a fairly large congregation, taking as hie text the 19th verse of the 3rd chapter of Acts--" Repent yse, therefore, and be converted, that your ems may be blotted ont, when the times of refreshing shall come from the presenceofthedLord." Mr. Whale pointed out that the latter part of the text should heave been rendered "so that times of refresh ing may come," &c.; After furtherpreliminary remarke, he drew attention to the fact that these seasons of refreshing came from a risen Christ. The fact of the crucifixion would have no importane in itself, Iut it must be borne in mind thae hongb Chrret Was orucified b~ man, He waefsaised by God. His birth was supernatural and so ias Hi resurrection, which wasthe brightsideoftheirreligion. TheChurch needed to learn more fully its relation to the risen Christ. and the world to lean its relation to the drucified Christ. 'Until the Church learnesd that, she would never have the power she should have. Such seasons of refreshing would intensify and strengthen the spiritual life odfthe believer. A mere spiritual existence without vigorous life was no bonourto Christ. There shonuld be a hiallelojah in every tone of the voice and in every glance of the eye. Those times of refreshing would be soul. saving times. In reading Peter's sermon on the Day of Pentecost, an intelli gent: person. conld not see anything 'in' it to produce esuch -a wonderful effect as it had. He had often thought that he had preached many a better sermon than that, but no one living could judge of its power, for the Holy Ghost inspired it, Whitfield's sermons, as read to-day, seemed rather feeble, but what power they had when uttered I God always effected his purpose whatever instre ment He used. The times of refreshing would also be times of increase to the Church. It needed replenishing. Nothing encouraged the adult workers so much as to see fruit, espe. cially the young being gathered into the fold. Christians might help the coming of thbse times or might hinder it. God could work independently of them, but He did not always choose to do so, and they should therefore re member their responsibility in the matter. 