Mr. Henry Varley in Bathurst. Mr. Varley conducted his first Bible reading yesterday afternoon in the Lecture Hall. A goodly number attended. The subject chosen was, ' The Sin of Un belief.' He remarked that they often failed to grasp the thought of the sinful ness of unbelief. They would not like to be seen going along the street drunk. There were many things they would be most shocked at the thought of doing, be cause their consciences were sunsittve to the sinfulness of the acts. And yet, as to not believing God they did not feel con- -* cerned. He then drew attention to the case of Zacharias (Luke i., 5V.). God, by Gabriel, told this man that prayer had been heard by God, and he and his wife Elizabeth should have a son. The angel particularised, saying, Mary should 'have joy and gladness' at his birth, he was to ' drink neither wine nor strong drink,' and was to be ' filled with the Holy Ghost' from his birth. His name, too, was given — John. But though undoubtedly Zacharias was a servant of God, and a good man, he failed to believe. He doubted the word of the Lord spoken by the Angel. This great sin God marked with His displeasure. Zacharias was bereft of the power of speech. Incidentally Mr. Varley re marked that it was universally met men and women were dumb about Jesus. They would talk of politics, of art, of fashions, of history, and even things which were small and worse than small, ufl but as to the name and claims of Jesus y* they were dumb, It was because they did not believe in Him. So God pun ished Zacharias for committing this sin of unbelief, and they would do well to take note of the fact and beware. Mr. Varley showed how every particular named by the angel had been fulfilled. And so it would be ever, God would keep His word. He never failed, and it was their duty and privelege to always believe. If they would have abiding strength and joy, be blessed, and made blessings, they must have faith in God. In the training of children and in all the walks of life through faith in God would cause to them all they needed for the noble doing of the will of God. 