SATURDAY, JUNE 29. Tub news that has reached us ; this ■week of Sir Henry Loch's appointment to the Governorship of Cape Colony will be received with regret by all classes of the community. Victoria has been governed (ivith perhaps one exception), by capable ;md popular men in times past; but wo have never yet had at the head of the State a more energetic and popular gentleman than the Governor we are about to lose. "While there have existed dis cordant relations between the Go vernors and Governmeats of some of the other colonies, Sir Henry Locli has established himself in the good f*ror of the public, and has discharged his duties diligently, efficiently, and in htrmony with constitutional prece dent. His removal, therefore,;will be keenly felt; and it is to be hoped some valid reasons will bo given for trans ferring His Excellency to the Oape. It seems cool. 1o say the least, that he should be withdrawn from our .midst without the Yictorian Ministry being informed of such an intention. The late Queensland embroglio has scarcely subsided, and this' action of Lord' Ivnutsford will revive with renewed energy, the question of the appoint ment and withdrawal of Colonial Governors. " Society " also will be unwilling to part with Lady Loch; who has been such a meanB for good in, establishing a more sensible standard of social life. Sir Henry's acquiescence in this matter should however, not be overlooked, in condemning the actio!..', of the Imperial Ministry, but theie is cause for regret that a hotter policy , than that pursued in removing'our, Governor, had not been adopted. Si Henry purposes returning to Victoria in October next, and is expected,ci> commence duties in his new sphere, about November. . Those duties wil' lie arduous in the extreme, as there are occasional internal dissensions at, Cape Colony, and intermittent; bo der' troubles of a complex character. Last Sunday the Bishop of Mel bourne preached an eloquent sermon'' at St. Luke's Church, South Mel bourne, before a very large eongrega tion of worshippers. His Lordship chose his text from the epistle for the day, and based his remarks chiefly upon verses 16, 19 and 21 of the:'4th chapter of the first Epistle ; of Sf. John—" God is love. We love Him because He first loved us. And this commandment have we from Him, that who he loreth God loveth his brother also." His Lordship dwelt upon the fact that God is love, and suggested' that eternity would scarcely bo long enough to enable ua to gwap the full truth of the passage. For a proof of the truth of the passage it was only nccfssary that Q-od gave His Son to redeem us from sin. If we were to look at and study the. religion of the heathens we would find tjiat •'God is love" is no part of.'theiiVreiigion. The' reason for that is their ignorauco of the religion, of the .Gospel. THereforo comes tho good of sending missionaries to the heatlieii'lauds",'for1 thereby' tlie heathens cease to, think -of:.God as a revcngeful i being, and come'to- look upon Jlini; iris■ tTliatruo character, of love.; i JDy natiire^noti any; person >iu the world Iovqs. od^oBefore we,,can love Him it ia necessary for ..the J Holy Ghost to renew our spirits:-^ iNojdoubt ' most of his hearers looked torwai'd to spending an eternity with Gocl, but unless they loved.Him that experience would sjarcply.bi a pleasing one; for; how-conlil-i nyonr en-|oy;aii cteriiity in the company oc ono he dicl not - love ? Persons were sometimes tempted to' boliefe that' jGod| didj (not love ;them. |vEve wqula rr.ever ha,ve: fallen from a state^of 'siule?sness :had' she not- be rliev^drthe insinuation-of the serpent tliaii"God did'fto't love her." There are men.now"Buffering in mind, body, and 'estate. ' Some may"have" lost property; some healtlr^ some dear friends.' It is at such seasons that the devil comes to them, tells them that' Go'd evidently doos not love them, or, they would, not be permitted-to' fall into such misfor tuno.: But .fhis j'Lordship urged his hearers not.to.boliove the devil, for he is a liar; and hns;been a liar from all time. In conclusion he urged the wisdom and injustice. of endeavoring to reciprocate God's love, for without a love of God a man cannot even love his .brother. 