THE CHRISTIAN BROTHERS. On Sunday, 17th April, a beautiful sermon was preached in. the Cork Cathedral by the Very Rev. Father ^Bernard, O.S.P.C., of Kilkenny, in ai4 of the Christian Brothers' schools, from which yfo make the following extracts: \- They that instruct many to justice ehall'.shine as stars fop all eternity." Daniel,ohap.'xii.r; 13; ' •'••' J 1 " " My Lord, Dearly Beloved Brethren- It is to' the'Holy 'Catholic Church'alone we.must look for the preservation and perpetuation of the spirit alnd'th^ life of Christ; He is the depository 'of Hitf teaching; the infallible Custodian of Divine Truth, fof Peter is the corneal stone^the rock "upon which she is built " Hiiou. art Peter aiid upon this rock I will build my Church," and it is to Petei* and his rightful «uccesaorfl in the see of Rome the fullness of infallible authorityid 'reserved. <" I have prayen for thee, © Peter, "ihal; thy faith' db> noi; fail.' Hence, &m;!8. • the chaos and confusion iroflrifl presented by the humiliating sjiecticle of so tnany different secfe, each pretending to lay claim tothe deposit ofi revealed' truth, 'while 'disagreeing anion? themselves with r^gardto kome q£ > its fundamental dogtn'as,' ' as i "(Glm&t; were divided; or'truth COtlM ooattatlwt itself;" the JfolyChbrchof God, tvhbse guide the HolyGhostid and shall be:all' days even to ihe consilmmationof the 'world'' rears hfet head in peerless : grandeur, "without spot or fhinkie on lifer queenly brow" but beaming in thb freshnebs of her early youth', 4nd unchangeable beauty, and with all the majesty belonging to Divine authority upon her, she nobly pursues her mission of teaching and shnctifying in the unblemished purity of her'faith and morals. ' 'This brings me at once, dear brethren to lie object for which we aie assembled to-day. I appeal for the Christian schools of Cork, served by our own beloved Christian Brothers, whose name is a household word ; at every Catholic fireside in Ireland. The fact that for' fiftv-five years the Christian Brothers' have been enabled to work theit schools independently of the National Board, speaks eloquently of the intense interest which the citizens of Cork (hav© taken in their work. yi; prepares the mind by enl^tg-' capacity—its'aptitude for r'eceivseeas T of iiffi further the Hfeb^ 'hcrtv . a BTply" ^athej ii^sti;ates this.,' "Behold tlie tree," says, " yrrihdred and decayed without-leaves, oi; fruit owing to a barren soil and sheer neglpctof Cultivation." In this wp see typified the' uneducated mind. But take that same, tree, transplant' it in fertile soil, where the pruning Igiife is skilfully handled, the roots properly nourished, the dead leaves and over-exuberant branches topped off, and it will produce frMt in groat abundance, so will the mind tinder the healthful influence of education. If we look at the absence of eduqafcio'fl, consider it iji its negptiye aspect, its positive benefits will become dear, What' can be conceived: more d££loria|ile' than a nation' of ignorant men, tha£ a society 'wholly ideprii^iqf e-Himion?'' It 'is'no jmrofly to say, 111 fares the land 'to ignorance a. Jflfoj'.Jfcr the greatest misfont^n^ itftiit could Befall wrapped ujj in $wjwfr a,shrQ«d or i 8 isaoraflce. W<5 hate' tlie iifliest sanctipn for 'this truth, the ignorant j^jm'ih Sacred Scripture is' comparqd .to. the beast "that hkth'no understanding', and is become like unto tlxem,'' Oh, what a degradation for the "noblest'.of God's wdrkk 1 Man was made 'the ^efieci^bn of God' in the power of his' inii^c|,.iti hi,s intelligence, and in the inagnjdcent Sreedoft'of/'his tfffl..' '^r^ls r^p) ^ ' knbMed^e,; haViiig an infctlJjctuar life to fltMaiii'he ci&tainim; himsejfapower thiFfc'^Ubt b^coriWoUeil ^yyaaen a caft' rifee.' above, 'aftve tie earribfe' 1 ihe, ' ; ' a$f 'tM in ' 'i&bifc; " oi ' 1 rmUrm m m e f m ^ h s ^ P j i , anises i j l l ^ l l t e hett^Mljiflte iimer' sliMl^aly^^losed against the enfch&Me;" 'Of a all T 'affection which is not diotet^'by^eoneeience and sanctioned by religion. Take away educafidh that. ask, does he resemble his Lord P In his mindP No; he has no intellectual thought, no intelligent action. In his will P In his heart ? No; he becomes a helpless yet dangerous imbecile; helpless towards doing good, dangerous in the extreme, because a pliant instrument for mischief. Unaccustomed to restraint, his will breaks loose' from under the con' trol of reason, and delivers lip his heart a prey 'to all r the' revolting passions of corrupt 'nature, all Which settle down 'ihere and make it their home. . . .' . No wonder, therefore, that every enlightened statesman of the age is the bitterest fete of all ignorance, and that the universal ciy is Eduoate the people." Even some will go 6o far as to make education cotapulsory. And why ? Assriredij' it is because they look upon the ignorant man as the bane of society, the greAtest ebeiny of the Staie, the incubus of humanity; the man to whose dwarfed intellect' the history of his country must for ever be a sealed book ; and in: whose 1 ignoble breast the heroic actions and noble achievements of his countryiien and'bo-religioliists"can never find an echo. Hence from the 'knowledge of the numerous evils resulting from norance we must conclude in favour of e necessity for educating and bringing to maturity the youth, . . . .' The Christian Brothers, like faithful sentinels, keep Watch over the education of outh. The education they imipart is re-eminently calculated to supply every ntellectual and moral want of the Gatholic boyhood. : They can throw open the highest and most intricate pathway? of science, and guard'all the avenues leading to the heart. They can develop the mind, and protect the morals. For them science must follow the lead of religion, must go hand in hand with virtue, so that the expansion of the intellectual faculties is properly safeguarded by a felicitous blending of the religious with secular knowledge. There is nothing in the boy's mind they will not bring _ into prominence, nothing vicious in his nature they will not strive to subdue. The efficiency of their training is attested to by men of different shades of thought and opinion. The hostile Press of Great Britain not infrequently has been forced to speak of it in terms of Ugliest eulogy; the Commissioner of Education themselves have ho^ hesjtated to. place the Christian {Brothers ipi the front rank of teachers, find harp over.and py«r ftgai? urged upon i V ij respective governments tjjie justice __ giving them st^te; aid .jnthput compromise of theiy ipdep^nflence, or sacrifice of th^ip religious, principles. • . . . Does not the Holy Ghost say the labourer is worthy pf his hire? And yet here is the great work, the work of the Christian Brothers, and they ask no payment for it. In truth, what would requite them for their unceasing labours P I ask for nothing for, them; they expect to be paid in a higher ^nd happier world. It is for 'yourselves, for your own chil- dren, for the Christian Schools, where the standard of education ranks with the highest in the land, as is proved over and over again in the results of the Intermediate Examinations, where prizes to the value of £1180 were gained by the pupils froni all Ireland. Has not your beloved Bishop attested to their worth when he* called them to take oyer the Sepii'qary lately P And in the shqrt space of time they hav? had charge of it have ,they not realised your highest and und most sanguine expectations? The Brothers msed^^np praise., frqm. me?—frpm anjp tor tliey liylg.in the h«art8 of ijie ' If'people. 7 .^'hey enjoy : the affection of, the highest potentate, or, (father, ^be Popp of Rome, and hftve, the cop&denee; and respect of the , Bishops jifl clergy of I^laiii Hpavfin Jcooips I o 'npt prpnoupce a ,ful?<?mp p^ppgyric n t^ejQi .whf^ni I say they, are woxthyi of Jail ad^ira^ion,' they are 4 fi vo£ed, men, Hien' who, ijq. the ^tighe^t spirit of. sacrifice, t^ve. given up ,all thipga, feaye "jgd,' eromhjqg, 1t^ie c&ise;,; jo WndJgr. theni^esct g%?b.,p| n : .al^'Jrptlwr./ajd^tp^^p^^e^-:. ,p l. )spi|;it p^dfi oy yanity«ntfrs, What (Bfiuld xequitje M.P. tifff lwgme I Iddeseryiedly sfrgmr i walking in the light of God's day, but crouched behind the hedge or beneath the mountain fern, where he, and his disciples met feloniously to leani. You are not going again to rivet the chains of ignorance around ' the neCks of tte Catholic faith of our land which have been rent asunder, but' by foiit 1 "ttcHon to-day show 'that the 'loVe of Christiah and religiotis educatio^ ' bums m yoir hearts as brightly as in other ,diys wheii thousands of other Students flocked t6 Our shores^ eager to trim their scientific lamps at Ireland's sacred shrine ' of knowledge.' Great is thp honottr' conferred on you to-day;' high is the sacred trust deposited Tfrith yiou. Yt>u sit iii judgment on a moribund syst^ii. bf education. Let it be ' defunct ai foj^r hands. Which of the two things r do you prefer—UarrabasOr JesUs—an un- Christian, on-Catholic system of education^-• which of them—or a Christian' and religious one, which will be fof God, for Holf iChiurch, 'and , for ' fatherland ? Speak, d^atty. beloved, for yott h%vej;of the right to' do so.; Let jhtir' action* ' tttid'' 's^eak " elpijtfently, 1 !i bii' behalf of ihe Christian Schools. The recording , of heaViin" hoVfeirS around over you to-day to Record 'yotif verdict. The moment it falls fr6m youi* lipSj 'that instant it is caught up to heaven, and shall confront you. oil the Day of Judgment either to youf eternal dishonour or for' your everlastih'g glory. Relieve me of my anxiety. Let me go; back to my convent cotarorted with the hope that you will have doh^, riobly dohe, your duty to- day l in faVdur b'f a cause identified with hoble-hearted and. self- sacrificing men:. Wboevbr made a' sacrifice for our people that the whole land did not spring tp its feet in grateful acknowledgment, and endeavour to show its gratitude by giving ungrudgingly from its limited means P Be it so, the present is the occasion for si6h acknowledgment, for wheii ' the heavy clotids that thicken in yonder hbrizon shall be dispelled, and the sunshine of natibn'al freedom again lights up ! the vale— ; wlieh the surrounding hills sh&lFecho; barik the gladsomei shout of a frce p^o^le worshipping at the shrine of i nation's disen- thralment, and drinking in'without let 6r hindrance at the sacred spring's of religious knowledge, then will' our dear Christian Brothers merit a con?picuoii4' place among Ireland's greatest bbnefactors for having ranspmed the ypiith of our land' frtim iritellepfcual and' feorM slavery, and' ^hereby addled in iio aniaH, degree to their making good 'asp '6'f the prie'ekss bobn of freedpm iA tnis 'life, and, performing acts Of' 6harity and inercy, rise, shining like stars, m the Kingdom of their Father in the life tb come. 