ABORIGINAL NOMENCLATURE. [By S. L.] When our fathers were boys there existed a tribe of aboriginals in and around Ade laide which is now extinct. These natives never thought of going beyond their own defined boundaries, and when the white men suddenly appeared amongst them and settled down within their country they naturally concluded that the new arrivals had at some former time existed in their tribe, and having changed their black colour into white had come back once more to see their native land. They also fancied they saw in the white faces their own fathers, sons, or brothers returned from the grave, and many of the early settlers had to submit to the kisses and embraces of some old, ugly, dirty faced "gins," who thus persisted in welcom ing back the ghosts of their sons or respected relations. The revived relatives, however, did not reciprocate the kindly feelings of the old ladies, and declined to accept them even as foster-mothers. An account of the Adelaide tribe would form a very interesting paper, but it is now proposed to record briefly the original native geography of the tribe so as to acquaint the members of the Boys' Field Club with the native appellations attached to many familiar localities before the advent of white men. Places were named after some event or from some local cause. The termi nals inga or illa referred to a locality or place, and parri to a river or creek. Karri- wirraparri (karri — redgum tree, wirra— forest), the river in the forest of redgum trees, was the native name for the River Torrens. Witoinga (wito—reeds), the place of reeds, is now oalled the Reedbeds. Unfortunately the compilers of the early vocabularies do not appear to have given the derivation of the words used to denote lo calities, and it being the custom of the aborigines to have at least two names for animals and plants, the name bearing any resemblance to a recently deceased native was at once discontinued for some time, and the other title substituted, so that it is now impossible in many cases to form even an approximate idea of the cause that led the aborigine to adopt the name they gave to the greater number of the locali ties referred to. Their Gazetteer included the following places: Bukartilla (Hahndorf), Karraundoinga (Hindmarsh), Maitpainga (Myponga), Mikawomma (Woodville), Ngaltinga (Aldinga). Ngalta (Murray River), Pattawilya (Glenelg), Ngangkiparri (Onkapa ringa), Warriparri (Sturt River), Tandanya (the site of Adelaide), Willainga (Willunga), Mulleakki (Para River), Wommamukurta (Mount Barker), Workowodliwodli (Klemzig), Yertabulti (Port Adelaide), Willawilla (Brownhill Creek), Yurreidla (Mount Lofty), Yankalyailla (Yankalilla and adjoining hills) Yurreidlalitinga (Uraidla or neighbourhood near Mt Lofty. Ngangkiparringa in the neighbourhood of River Onkaparinga). Tandanyaparri appears also to have been applied to the River Torrens; and the banks of the Torrens between North and South Adelaide were called Tandanyainga, pro bably from being in the vicinity of Tan danya. 