FICTION. j_n_, Í From Engllib. American, and other FtrtocHeal«, HAZEL'S~VICTORY. CHAPTER XXI.-(Continued.) As it happened, the very next dance was one that he had chosen. " Come," he said, as the music struck up, and holding out his arm to her. She arose and took it, but instead of leading her upon tlae floor, he went out through the hall upon the verandah. " Where are you taking me, Percy ?" she asked. " For a promenade in the air. You have danced enough in those close rooms, at least for the present, Do you object ?" " No," she said, in a low tone, which he mistook for disappointment ; but if he could have known how intensely happy she was to have him all to herself, he need not have been so grave and self-contained. They paced back and forth in the moonlight for some time, Percy telling her of his planB and pros» pects in London, and questioning her, more freely than he had yet had an opportunity to do, regard- ing her life at Brighton, and this quiet, confidential «hat seemed like old times, and made them both forget, for the time, the barriers which had so lately risen between them. But Hazel's good time was finally interrupted by hearing some one calling to her that Mrs. Stewart wanted her to go in and sing something. It was Helena again. She was stuiding in the doorway, and the glance that she flashed at her as she passed in made her shiver, although she said with marked politeness : "Miss Gay, mamma has boen looking for you for some time. Will you kindly go to her now ?" "Allow me to conduct you," Percy said, as he followed Hazel, and he gave his arm to her again, bowing gravely to Miss Stewart as he passed in. He too, had caught that scathing look, quick as it was. Helena's white teeth came together with a snap, i "That minx'is carrying matters with a high band. They were amazingly confidential, it seeraa ? to me, for "resent acquaintances. Does she think she can win everybody, the arrant little flirt ! If mamma won't take her down from her stilts, I must," she muttered, an angry flush staining her cheek. She turned back and entered the drawing-room, to find Hazel singing like a bird, while Percy Mor- ton stood near and watched her with a look that aroused all the worst passions of Helena's nature. When Hazel had completed her song ehe slipped quietly from the room, and_ no one seemed to be aware of the fact, save Helena, who, after a mo- ment, followed her. She went up to her room, hoping to find her there, but it was empty. She then went upon the veran- dah, and thought she saw her out in the grounds. She stole back into the house for a shawl then, with her eyes glittering with suppressed anger and hatred, her cheeks scarlet from the hot blood that was coursing like moulien lava in her veins ; she passed down the steps, and made her way after the white figure which she had seen a few moments previous, while her delicate hands were clenched until the nails cut into their palms, and she looked like a Nemesis bent upon vengeance. Helena Stewart was a terrible being when she gave the rein to her passion. She walked with a firm, swift tread down the gravelled avenue toward the sea, until she came to a small summer-house. < She peered within this, but no white figure was visible; in the darkness she could distinguish nothing. She turned and glanced behind her, but j nothing was moving as far as she could see, and after a moment of hesitation, she stepped into the place, seated herself upon a low chair by the en- trance, and bowed her head upon her hands. She sat. there for several moments without moving, and apparently oblivious of everything but the fierce passion raging within her, as she thought of that look upon Percy Morton's face as he stood beside Hazel's while she was singing. Was her sister's governess about to win the only man in the world who could make her life happy ? Suddenly she became conscious of a human pres- ence beside her, although she had heard no steps, perceived no movement. The next moment a hand was laid upon her shoulder, and a low voice, hoarse with emotion, said in her ear ; " Helena, at last you will have to hear me !" She sprang to her feet, with a cry of fear, and in the dim light, to which she had gradually become accustomed, saw the figure of a man standing beside her. " Chester ! is it yo»-again.'" she panted. "Yes. Sit down¡ I have something of im portanee to say to you," and he moved forward the chair from which she had just arisen. But she evaded him with a quick spring, and darting out of the summer-house, sped with fear winged feet back toward the mansion ¡ but, as she went, she caught the ominous wordB : "You are only putting off the evil day, Helena. A time of reckoning must surely come." CHAPTER XXII. HELENA RECEIVES A STARTLING NOTE. Helena Stewart darted with the speed of light , over the lawn, and gained the house, sped up stairs to her own room, where, locking herself (in, she sank, panting and trembling, upon a chair, her face ghastly as the face of the dead. " 0, what shall I do ? |He has traced me even' here !" she moaned, pressing her band to her side to still the frightened beating of her heart. She sat cowering there fer some time, tne picture of abject fear and mental suffering. , At last, however, she threw up her head with a defiant gesture. ' - " What does it all matter ?" she Baid. " He can prove nothing ; and if he should betray me, it will not amount to anything, unless I choose to own-1 cannot-I will not-and yet my heart is divided. Percy Morton is a king among men ; if I could win him, the past would be a sealed book forever, the future a dream of delight. But that girl must be got ont of the way, or he will become infatuated with her. She may win his lordship, and welcome, if he wants to make a low governess the future Duchess of Osterly," and her 'beautiful lips curled with a cruel, mocking smile. " She is pretty enough for any position I am bound to admit"-one thing Helena Stewart never did was to underrate her enemies-" well-educated, accom- plished, and fascinating, and it's evident he'd be delighted to have her, though I question if his aristocratic grandmamma would be willing to receive any one so far beneath him socially. One thing i8 settled, however-I shall never become the Duchess of Osterly, mamma's ambitious sehemeB to the contrary notwithstanding. I will win Percy Morton, or no one-I will be no other «tan's wife I" She arose as she said this, an expression of reso- lute purpose on her fair face. ' : She crossed the room and looked at herself in the glass, and was startled by the reflection of her pallid face. Everybody would exclaim that I had seen a ghost if I should go below like this," she said, with a bitter smile. *' And so I have-the ghost of a past that frightens me to think of. Why couldn't he have staid in America, among WB dry-goods and small wares ? I do not care !" she went on, almost fiercely ; " let him do his worst ! I shall brave it out to the end. I do not believe he can do much but threaten ; and if he can-why, there is a last resort." \ She sponged her face with cold water, and wiped it with a coarse towel, thus producing amore natu- ral colour, and having given a few additional touches to her toilet, she descended once more to the company. She found Dr. Morton dancing with Hazel, while Lord Nelson was standing in a corner watching her with gloomy eyes. Helena sat down and allowed her glance to follow them for a few moments, and her heart grew even more bitter and resentful at what she saw. Hazel ¡was giving herself up to the charm and delight of being with Percy, forgetting in his dear presence the fact that everybody believed them to be com- parative strangers, while she laughed and chatted with him with innocent freedom and pleasure. Her face waB flushed, her eyes gleamed, and her whole manner betrayed how glad she was to be with him. " It is perfectly scandalous !" Helena muttered. " Shf will march out of this house before she is many weeks elder, if not by fair means, then by foul." The moment that Hazel was released Lord Nel- son was by her side claiming her promise to go to the refreshment-room with him j after that he tried to entice her out of doors into the moonlight, whore he meant to tell her something of the love and fond hope in his heart. But his manner be- trayed more than he meant it should, and Hazel made some excuse about being obliged to find Belle, and thus, for a time, the tale remained un- told. Lord Nelson feared that her grace the duchess would oppose his choice; he knew, too, that she was very anxious that he should marry Helena Stewart, but he bad made up his mind to choose for himself, and that Hazel Gay should be his wife if he could win her. Thus, in music and dancing, in gaiety and plea- sure, the days at Brighton slipped by, and no one enjoyed it all with more zest than Belle and Hazel, who, by the faithful performance of their duties during the early part of the day, felt that they had earned a right to make the most of the recreation that followed. Percy came to Brighton every other day, and sometimes oftener, for his duties in London were not neavy jusc now, ana ¡sir uenry msiBted that he should play while he had the chance, saying he would have to work hard enough to pay for it by and by. ' He became very much attached to Charles Har- wood, and this good feeling was returned by that young man, who found much to admire in Percy. Mrs. Harwood smilingly called them her "two boys," for Percy made his home with them, at their earnest solicitation, while he found himself growing very fond ef the sweet, beautiful woman who made everything so pleasant for him. One afternoon young Harwood and Percy were strolling along the beach smoking their after dinner cigars, but neither seemed to bo in a very social frame of mind, Charles Harwood, especially, appearing to be depressed and troubled about something. All at once he brcke out, impulsively : " I say, Morton, I want to ask you a very per- sonal question, if you won't think it too imperti- nent." "Lay on, Charlie," Percy returned, searching the young man's face with a critical glance. " I am afraid I ought not, and yet I am driven to it," he returned, a deep flush mantling his brow. " I want to ask if you have any special claim upon Mies Gay. I have a particular reason for asking." "What reason? Give me your confidence, Charlie ; you may safely do so," Percy said, with grave kindness. "Hang it! that isn't easy to do, Morton," re- plied his companion, reddening again. " Some- times I've thought you were gone on Miss Stewart, and then again I'd feel sure that dear little ' hazel eye' was your inamorata. If it's Miss Stewart, then im au rignc ¡ nut it you nave a prior claim upon Miss Gay, I'll just step out of the way alto- gether, and not trespass upon your territory." Percy flushed at this, then grew very white about the mouth : but be bravely put his own feelings out of sight, and quietly remarked : ,' So, then, you are partial to Miss Gay." " Partial ! why, Morton, she's a girl that a man could die for ! There ! you have my secret now. Hazel Gay is more to me than any other woman in the world. I have imagined that you wore fond of her, too, and so I thought it would be only hon- ourable in me to let you know where I stand." "Have you ever intimated anything of your feelings to-Miss Gay?" Percy inquired, in the same quiet tone as lefore. " Not a word as yet." " But you wish to do so ?" "Yes. I should have done so ere this, but that I half suspected there was some understanding between you and Hazel. Somehow, she always seems more free and happy with you than with any one else," the young man confessed, with a sigh. A bitter pang shot through Percy's heart as he listened to this revelation. He deeply, devotedly loved Hazel, and he knew that her image alone would be enthroned npon his heart as long as he lived; still, his love was so great, soself-Baciificing, that he would not stand in the way of any one else who was worthy of her, provided he was the man of her choice. He could live on, and make no sign, if she was only happy. He was surprised to learn that Charles Harwood loved her ; true, he had been attentive to her, but in a very quiet way. He believed that Lord Nelson Hartwell would be the winner in this race for her love, but Charles should have his chance. {To be continued.) 