City Chat. THE FARCEUR. Once more the disgusted elector rises to ask what in thunder is the use of fooling about with a Parlia- ment at all. One half of the Bills which are to re- form the land are fired out, and those that do hap- pen to pass into law are soon found to be as full of holes and as leaky as a cabbage colander. Frightful examples of this are plentiful enough, and the latest (and one of the most shameful) of these is the Civil Service Act which was to do won- ders, and was hailed with pæans of praise through out the land. The report of the Civil Service Board for 1888 has just left the Government Printer's hands, and it clearly proves that the Civil Service Act is a frozen fraud and the Board itself is another. When this Act was put through by the late Sir Alexander Stuart, Mr. Dalley, and the very much alive Mr. Dibbs, we were solemnly assured that that curse of the colony, political patronage, was to be wiped off the face of the earth entirely ; that a system of sat- isfactory retrenchment was to be introduced by the curtailment of appointments to the Service, and, in short, every abuse would be knocked on the head; and the whole Service purged from one end to the other. A few, no doubt, were really gulled by these fair promises, but anything like a careful pe- rusal of the Bill soon proved what a hollow mock- ery it was. Overwhelming majorities supported the Act in both Houses, our leading dailies howled themselves hoarse cheering it, and Civil Servants , began to feel that there were a few gallons of Balm left in Gilead after all. Now, however, we find the Balm has gone sour; the potato is cooked, the egg is boiled, and the whole of our joy has gone bung. In the way of retrenchment, for example, we have improved on the plan of the smarty who, find- ing his blanket was too short, cut a yard off the top and sewed it on the bottom in order to increase its length. We dismissed a few hundred unfortu- nates from the lower ranks ; but from the Board's re- port we find that the Civil Service caravan which musters about 14,000, rank and file, was increased during the past year by no less than 864 fresh ap- pointments! There were 244 vacancies through various causes, but these still leave us with 620 more Civil servants than we had when we started our brilliant scheme of retrenchment. A plague on such retrenchment. The promised stoppage of political patronage turns out to be a heap of bunkum also. Out of the 864 new appointments made, more than one third were sneaked in by that fine old loophole the 31st. clause which treats of " Ministerial author ity. " No less than 257 of these "Ministerial au- thority" tricks were scored during 1888 (an aver- age of over twenty a month) ; a fact which tells its own tale, and a mighty interesting tale it is too. In clause 28 we strike another little beauty in its way for it gives a Minister power to burst up the Civil service examination and all other checks, by giving him the power ot (sic) make special appointments of any persons he pleases to any position in the Service; irrespective of recommendations and all things else. He can take any man he pleases and dump him down into the fattest billet in the land, and yet we have been slopping thousands of pounds away every year in support of a Board which by some fine fiction was supposed to be a cheek on any game of the kind. Nineteen of these big bonanza prizes for good boys were generously distributed by Ministers during the past twelve months, but, of course, the Government can do no wrong, and the people must rest contented. It would seem that some of our representatives "smelt a mouse" when this swindle was being sneaked through for a proviso was inserted saying that "the Board shall in its annual report specify all such appointments and reasons for them. In this case, however, the Board in its own light and airy style has done nothing of the kind, and there- fore, I would like to ask what in the name of his Satanic Majesty is the use of carrying on this ex- pensive Board foolery any longer ? Nineteen out- siders have been pitchforked into the Civil Service over the heads of old, tried servants, and yet in the most cavalier style imaginable the Board has kicked the proviso aside, and gives no information about the business whatever. From top to bottom our Civil Service is rotten; and the more our alleged states- men tinker with it the greater does the muddle be- come. Very few men have had the unique experience that Mr. Ernest Buttner has just gone through and still fewer hanker after it, I presume. Mr. Butt- ner was to have been hanged on May 28th, but that proved to be the day he was told to leave the gaol and sin no more. May the 28th was his birth- day also; he was then 29 years of age, and he was condemned to death on the 29th of April; after a trial which was a disgrace to the country. Butt- ner is a guileless German and thinks these figures must have something to do with his "star." All that the authorities seemed inclined to accomplish was his conviction and death. Had anyone thought to ask a question about the perjured girl's antecedents Buttner would have been "turned up" at once. But no one did, and it was by the merest fluke that he escaped judicial murder. This mat- ter should not be allowed to drop here, however, for the game is getting far to frequent now, and no man is really safe. Buttner although clearly inno- cent of the charge is absolutely ruined. He had a fair business but, of course, he had to sell it in order to satisfy the legal expenses. When he sold out he had over £100 in his pocket. When he left the gaol on Tuesday last he had 2s. Miss Lennox is kicking her heels about in liberty, however, and no doubt we will soon hear of some other hysterical and bogus virgo intacta playing a similar role. The police feel very sick over the racket, of course, and I don't think the medical expert is in the best of humor also. The lesson to be learnt from this wretched business is that it is justice that the au- thorities must seek after; not convictions. ?= It is wonderful how money, like necessity, will develop invention. Some time after the payment for rabbit skins was started a level-headed blackfel- low was caught with quite a little stud breeding the scut-tailed pests as fast as he could and then selling them, and another ingenious artist actually found out a plan of manufacturing native dog scalps. Yet another brilliant genius has just burst forth in the Bathurst district in the shape of a 'possum hun- ter, who has hit on a plan by which he can secure a paying supply of 'possum skins on dark nights as well as moonlit nights and saves powder and shot as well. His cute little dodge is to buy a loaf of bread and thoroughly soak it in a shillingsworth of rum. After this he makes a fire in the bush and places the soaked bread a little distance from it. In a short time the 'possums troop round, surround the bread which makes them helplessly drunk and then the daring hunter steps up and brains the boozers with a bludgeon. One loaf and 1s worth of rum will secure 15 skins, and as the skins are not holed they bring top prices always. This shows great fertility of invention on the part of the 'pos sum plugger; but I'd like to know what the Tem- perance party thinks about the business. Is it a desirable thing to establish a craving for strong drink in the breasts of the real natives of this sunny land? Some of the besotted 'possums escape, no doubt, and then think of how they must suffer from the swollen head fever next day. It seems to me that not only the Temperance party, but the Cruelty to Animals Society should take a hand in the game down, and stop the Bathurst 'possum debaucher before the eraze has too great a hold upon his victims. And then again; look at the sinful waste of so much good rum. The bread is nothing, but rum is rum in these days. And here is some more morality. Amongst the many other wonderful reforms which our bulgy- browed senators intend to spring upon the land is a Bill " to prevent the publication of proceedings in Courts of law of an indecent or obscene character." This may be one of their long felt wants that are continually turning up for filling, but it seems more like a deliberate insult to the greater portion of our Press. Very few papers in this colony go fully into such details, but anything will do to fool away time in Parliament, and that is about all the good we will get out of this matter. There is just a possibility of our getting to be too moral to live long on earth, however, for it is said that some other patriot intends to bring in a Bill to prevent hens from laying eggs on the Sabbath day, and yet another dark rumor is floating round to the effect that all the legs of the tables and chairs in the House are to be clothed in breeches ; in order that the fine, delicate sensibilities of our model legisla- tors may be no longer shocked by the present scan- dalous display of limbs which now offends their vision. "To the pure all things are pure, but our senators are purer than that and must be protected. Taking one consideration with another, a monarchist lot is not a happy one just now. Every day the list of monarchs who have retired from business is receiving fresh additions, and those who still re- main in the trade are getting some thumping back handed blows from the hard fist of Fate. The heir to the throne of France was slaughtered by savages ; the heir to the throne of Holland died a miserable death also; Fritz, of Germany had barely time to feel how rough the seat of a throne was before he received a command to vacate it for ever; the heir to the throne of Russia saw his father " dispersed" by a bomb, and he, himself, has had to live down a well, clad in in boiler plate armour ever since ; the heir to the throne of Austria died under the most shady circumstances ; the king of Bavaria suicided in a lake and dragged his companion to glory with him ; the King of Spain saw his young wife die in a way that was surrounded by the greatest sus- picion, and having married again, he was soon stricken by an incurable disease, and passed away long before his prime, leaving a baby in longclothes as his successor ; and now the Empress of Austria is threatening to commit suicide in order that her husband may enjoy the off chance of marrying some younger woman and raising up another heir in the place of the much killed Rudolph. " Uneasy lies the head that wears a crown," and King Milan must have felt the truth of this for the real reason he cleared off his throne was a dread of assassination. The precautions he took were al- most incredible. It seems there were double doors, plated with iron, to the room in which he slept, and a powerful mastiff kept watch at the foot of his bed. while a loaded revolver lry (sic) ready at his side. His breakfast in private consisted principally of œufs a to coq, and toasted bread, while his coffee was made in his presence with a spirit lamp. Brown bread biscuits of English manufacture and tinned meats (opened by his own hand), formed his lunch, and when dining it was always, observed that he keenly noted who was partaking of the same dish as that to which he helped himself, and dallied with his food until he saw it was tasted by others." Thank heaven none of us are kings. "Jack" is good enough for me. Even such small fry as Henniker Heaton, and the like, have their troubles too, for the cable has just been jerked to inform the indignant Southern World that while speaking in the House of Com- mons on Monday last, Mr. Cecil Raikes, the Post- master General, called poor Henniker "an adver- tising politician," and on being appealed to as to whether that was a proper kind of thing for one hon member to shy at another's head, the Speaker ruled that the remark was quite in order. Poor Henniker certainly does do a deal in the self-advertising line, and until lately used to even employ a " ghost" to help him with the business, but I really do not think our own very able Mr. Speaker would allow any hon. member here to hurl such and insuet at Henniker as that. Henniker re- cently gave £100 towards the erection of a statue to the poet Marlowe — it is not quite certain that he didn't think it was for Marlowe the jockey — but then there was no necessity for Raikes to rake that up against him in the House. The English Senate must be "very bad form," I fear, and the poet wasn't far out when he declared that You may call the Prime Minister " Jackass" and " fool," You may toss the reporters an apple, You may take off your waistcoat to keep yourself cool, You may kneel as you would in a Chapel. You may sing comic songs, you may stand on your head, You may air your most impudent notion, You may make Mr. Speaker an apple-pie bed, If you only conclude with a motion. Even the common people in foreign lands seem to have a troublesome time of it too, at present, for this, I am told, is a true street conversation from St. Petersburg : First Russian Subject meeting a second subject says " The Czar's dog was killed in that railroad accident, Mr. Poppoffschky, but the Czar escaped. How shall we look in public ; sorry or glad?" To which Mr. Poppoffschky gloomily replies " Our troubles ! It doesn't matter much, If we look glad, the police will say it is because the Czar's favorite dog was killed; if we look sorry, they will say it is because it was the dog and not the Czar that was killed. Either way it goes our goose is cooked ; that's certain. Ta — ta. See you later in Siberia. Hard times is a cry that is raised at the com- mencement of every winter season, and I greatly fear there is real cause with many here to raise it to- day. At the same time, however, I would strongly commend the following words to the at- tention of all. They are the words of a poor American toiler, and there is a dual of wisdom in them too. Here they are : "I hope I shall never be too poor to take a paper. I thought I was too poor for ten years after I was married. My wife suggested that I take a paper regularly, and I did so, and it was the most economical stroke of my life. It kept me at home in the evenings, afforded me pleasure and instruction, and was a comfort to the whole family. I had to stop the use of tobacco for a whole year once in order to pay for thr paper, and thr result was that I have not cared for to- bacco since, and in that one item I have saved enough to pay for several newspapers. So long as I have money enough to pay for my newspaper. There is not a man too poor to read a paper. It is the cheapest investment he can make, both for himself and his family. It is the last expense I will lop off. I will drink my tea and coffee with- out sugar before I miss my paper, and I can better afford to do so." And, providing the paper is what an honest paper always should be, every man should stint his luxuries a little (a very little only is needed) in order that himself and his family may be able to reap the many benefits to be derived from such a paper. 