TOPICS OF THE WEEK. The death of Sir James Lorimer cansee general sorrow, because he was liked by so many. He was a man of estimable cha racter; he had a good temper, he readil] took bis fall share of the work that had to be done, he felt pleasure in doing hie duiy thoroughly, and he made bis way in thf world without trying to push himself in front of comrades and competitors. The most active period of his public life wae during the contest between free trade and protection, which culminated in the dead lock of 25 or 26 years ago. He was then re cognised to he one of the leading spokesmeE of mercantile Melbourne, and be was an energetic controversialist. When Sir Jamef Lorimer became a member of the Legislativi Council the fighting times were nearly over, and he had a comparatively quiet part to plaj in politics—a part that suited his tempera ment He was guided, under all circumstances, by his common sense, which was large, and, while following his own judgment, he gave 110 offence to those who differed from him. Public life would be pleasanter for all parties if there were many like Sir James Lorimer in Parliament—men who pursue an honourable course themselves, and are never in a hurry to impute evil motives to other people. Under Sir James Lorimer the defences were brought up to a standard of high efficiency. He did not originate the scheme—that was the work of his predecessor—but he got it carried out to completeness; and the important fact to notice is that it was done without the slightest jar. If he is the best administrator who gets the most work done with the least trouble, or feeling, or friction, then Sir James Lorimer was one cf the most Boccesstul Ministers that has ever held office in this colony. All went 90 smoothly and qnietly that it seemed as if nothing was being done. The noiselessness of his operations was a proof that he was not prompted by a craving for notoriety and public approbation. There is an observable contrast between the resistance offered in the Legislative Assembly to duties favouring grazing and agriculture, and the celerity and smootbnese with which duties asked for by the town manufacturers go through. The protec tionists made great merit of voting the in crease npon oats—a duty that will not be operative for more than a few seascns, it if fulfils the purpose expected of it— but the debate was nevertheless ol considerable length, aud the intention may have been to impress the country members with the value of the con cession which had been granted to them. Had the vote passed with the same swiftness as the duties on saddles and harness, the farmers might have wanted more. On the other hand, a host of vexatious little imposts upon eatables and clothing were run through with impatient baste, as if it were criminal to question the necessify or propriety of them. The duty ot 5s. on each silk hat, ot course, amounts to nothing, because the protectionist argues that high duties cheapen production ; and the local manufacturer only asks to have the price of the best London hats raised to 25j. and 30s., in order that he may sell an equally good article at 17s. 6d. We have reached that stage when the utmost that an incredulous member is permitted to do is to ask conundrums which nobody answers. Mr. G. D. Carter cannot under stand how the local maker is able to sell the articles he makes at a less price than is aBked by the German and Belgian manufacturer, who employs pauper labour, unless the former pays his hands less, or gets bis material cheaper. The merit of protection is that it keeps up wages, at the same time that it re duces or pretends to reduce prices. There are protectionist members who have not yet advanced far enough in the mysteries to see how the thing is managed, and Mr. Webb, the member for Rodney, submits a case which it would be an immense benefit to have explained, if an explanation wfere forthcoming which could be believed. He mentions an Echuca auctioneer who offers to deliver a trap on the Victorian side of the Murray for £60, and on the New South Wales side lor £40? The protectionist and the Mahommedan are exactly alike in the vehemence with which they denounce the infidel They decline to explain; they put unbelievers to death. As yet Divine authority has not been claimed for protection, because, no doubt, the less authority there is for the assertions made in its name the more readily do they go down. A searching investigation into the rates of wages in the protected trades of this colony would reveal some startling facta If there are employia who work longer hours (with the sanction of the Chief Secretary, pub lished in the Government Ga :e!!c) for IeS9 pay than is earned by tiie London dockmen the! answer would doubtless be Riven .that 7a. 6d., ■ ;2a, and 15s. per week are eood wages for; the women and children who do a very large ! proportion of the work which is supposed to be created for men by the tariff. The disinclination of the Melbourne Cham ber of Commerce to act in the matter of the London Dock strike before obtaining materials for judgment should not be regretted by the friends of the labourers, since it has led to a touchingaddresa from Mr. Service, who would not otherwise have had an opportunity of speaking. Mr. Service has convinced the chamber that it is its duty to subscribe with out waiting for inlormatiou, and the fund is mounting up. Mr. Service's argument simple. The dock labourers are miserably paid, and miserable payment for labour is to be deplored, because, as Mr. Service points cut, no man can do his duty as a citizen who is living in wretchedness. If somehow the strike leads to the condition of a miserable Bet of workers being improved it will have done good. It is open to doubt whether all are subscribing from the excellent motive that brings Mr. Service to the front. A good deal of feeling has been imported into the movement which has no resemblance to charity. Some individuals who are supposed to represent classes have been bullied for not coming down with their cheques, as if theright way to raise money were to resort to intimi dation. The main grievance of the London dockmen is not that the pay per hour is small —they are only asking for the rise of a penny an hour—but that they do not get enough work per day to earn a minimum of 2a It is plain, thea, that the cause of the misery they are suffering from is pressure from with out* and not "oppression'' from above There are too many hands .seeking work. The docks are rushed by the unemployed of London, and the competition is so great that instead of a moderate number of hands getting plenty to do, a great many get less than is saffident to keep them above want. 13ut if certain eloquent writers and speakers were not permitted to denounce the dockowners .'whose ability to pay more they know nothing about) as oppressors, and to represent the i contest as being one between the down trodden workmen and the tyrannical capitalist, bow many of the trade societies would be voting aid? The difficulty in the present case is to discover who the capitalists are who ought to be denounced, fcr i: cannot be the semi-insolvent dockowners or the shipping firms, bat it may be the general public, or, in other words, every one, whatever his occupa tion may be, who is benefiting by the cheap transportation of goods. Toe generosity o£ the Australian public in subscribing ior the dockmen in their need is to be repaid with the proposal to prevent tbe Ortnuz and Ruapeha from landing their cargo on arrival, because they were loaded in London during the dock strike by emergency men, contrary to the supposed interests of the dockmen. Won! is coming out by cable to the Wharf Labourers and Stevedores L'nion6 of Melbourne, liobart, and New Zealand, to boycott tbe steamers, and there is sail to be some probability of the request being complied with. The nnions have only to look an inch below the surface to see that they will commit a great mistake ; if they attempt to etop.the landing of cargoes, or otherwise venture on " strong measures." Neither the Orient Company nor the New Zealand Shipping Company has any quarrel with the dockmen. Tbey extemporised are rangementa for sending their steamers to sea in order to continue tbe punctual delivery of the mails in Australia and New Zealand respectively. It might have suited the book of the dockmen to have pre vented any mails leaving England while the strike was on, but people in these colonies would have been sub jected to needless inconvenience by even a week's interruption to tbe service. The companies are to be commended for having made nnusual efforts to keep time. A stop page at the London end wonld have involved a corresponding etoppage at this end, or work £t extreme high pressure to make up for time lost, for if no steamers come out none can go back. Whom will the proposed boycot ting annoy if it can be brought off? The very people who have been sending in the largest subscriptions to the relief fond. Tbe threatened action is to be interpreted as an intimation that the labour unions in London are at war not only with tbeir employers, the dock owners, but with mankind all over tbe world. Goods which will arrive in Australia weeks after the strike is over are condemned for destruction [for that is what the proposal amounts to), because two mail-carrying firms made a zealous and successful effort to carry out tbeir contracts. It is mere vindictivenesa. Sir Bryan O'Loghlen is to be thanked for having, unconsciously, furnished a strong argument for the passing of Ifr. Service's (All to keep counsel within bounds. Sir Bryan is not the sort of barrister whom people have in tbeir eye when they long for legislation on this pressing subject He is one of the'mostgentlemanlike members of the bar, and when Mr. Wrixon mentioned a case the other evening without mentioning names, no one could have imagined that Sir Bryan O'Loghlen was the counsel concerned. The case and the reply are worth stating. Mr. Wrixon said that the barrister defending a prisoner named Walsh, on the charge of having stolen money from a letter, was com-1 pelted by his instructions to drag from the woman from whose letter the money was stolen an admission affecting her reputation before she was married. Sir Bryan O'Loghlen's reply is as follows"The Attorney-General fell Into a great mistake when Ire said that I was compelled to adopt a particu lar line of defence. I wish simply to state that I take the whole responsibility of that defence. I always do my duty per fectly, regardless of what other people may think. I have to do tny duty without tear or favour, and I take it as very hard that the prisoner ehould be made to suffer be cause I pursued a particular line of defence." Now, if a gentleman having the nice sense of what is right, proper, and honourable that is undoubtedly possessed by Sir Bryan O'Loghlen is capable, out of zeal for his client, of so offending against justice and fair dealing, how can we be surprised at the abuse which unscrupulous barristers make of their assumed powers ? As the law at present stands, we have nothing to trust to but the discretion of counsel, who may pos sess 110 such commodity as discretion, ; good taste, or consideration for anything but what will give them a fear-producing re putation and bring .briefs from clients who I have employment for such counsel. The judges can stop improper questions, but they don't, from a disinclination to create grounds for "a new trial motion because of the im proper rejection of evidence." The judges think it better to let the offensive question be put than to ri9k having the trial all over again at the expense of the litigants, Mr. Service's bill will cure the evil by dis allowing an appeal based on the refusal of the judge to permit unnecessarily offensive questions to be asked. Where the public and the bar are at variance i9 as to what the duty of counsel is. Sir Bryan says that coun sel must do their duty—i.e., ask any ques tions they like—regardless of what people may think. It is fortunate that the people, through Parliament, have the power of I assigning fixed and unmistakable limits to ! the discretion of counsel, who, though very learned, and very independent, and very proud of their ancient order, are only average mortals after all, subject to temptation. It accidents Each as occurred at Drouin rail way station last week become frequent, as they Beem not unlikely to do, the correct plan will be to ascribe them, not to the neglect of this or that officer, but to a general absence of tone from the service. The dis cipline may be too easy; and it it is, that is just the particular thing that a departmental j board will not venture to report upon. Hence the urgency of having inquiries into collisions and jampings off rails conducted by au out side authority who will be perfectly ready when necessary to tell the commissioners that the staff wants bringing up to the mark. It does not matter whether the departmental board blames the driver of the passenger train for approaching the signalat too great a 6peed,or the station-master tor allowing shunt ing on tbemain line when a passenger train was due, or the signal-man for dropping the sema phore as the driver and his fireman say he did. There appears to have been laxity all ronnd ' —an easy-going indifference—a pleasant shutting of the eyes to the possible happen ing of a catastrophe. Is the transmission of a message from Droniu to Warragui stating that the line is clear al ways interpreted as & direction to the driver of a train to come up to the station at the rate of IS miles an hoar? Are goods trains frequently sent to Drouin which are too long to take refuge on the loop line, and does it often happen that the main line is osed for one purpose when it ought to be reserved for another ? The Drouin collision took place because there\ was no margin of safety, no loophole of escape, in case something unforeseen should Briee. The passenger- driver did not expect to find the line blocked, and therefore came merrily on; the station-master did not ex pect that the driver would disregard the signal to stop; and the driver of the goods train thought be would get through his little fait of shunting iu plenty of time—all of which calculations woe wrong. When a collision happens on the railways it is be cause everyone concerned in the conduct of the traffic is assuming that no breakdown of the symmetrical arrangements of the service is possible. And when a departmental in quiry follows, each branch of the service represented on the board naturally does its best to dear itself of blame, the consequence being sometimes a compromise finding which lets everybody down lightly. Dr. Pearson's proposal to have a uniform set of reading books for the state schools of Australia looks reasonable at first sight, but the New South Wales Government do not take kindly to it—possibly disliking its federal look. If the reading matter could be improved by making it more Australian in character it should not be necessary to wait until the Education departments of Australia j are unanimous, nor even until two of them are agreed. But the proposal has very much the appearance of being one of the learned professor's fads. Extracts from the elo quent—too eloquent—speeches of Mr. Dalley are well enough to suggest as baits to tempt the reluctant Minister of Education in New South Wales, but if the object is to stimu late the school children into practising oratory it would be better to keep to the dearies. Everything relating to geography and local history, no doubt, ought to be written on the spot, but it seems as if what Dr. Pearson were really aiming at is to use the ediool books for conferring immortality on local celebrities, wboarc in great danger of passing out of remembrance. If bits are to be quoted from Mr. Dalley, Sir Henry Parkes will want to know why be should be left out; and if speaking is to be judged by the effect pro duced by it upon those who heard it, may not the admirers of Sir Graham Berry advance a claim to have selections made from his con tributions to Hansard and the Melbourne daily papers? Every one of the colonies will be entitled to be represented by its prize orator, as well as by its prize poet, and the risk to be feared is that the schorl children may refuse to be awe-struck with the models set before them. On the other hand, a few selected passages from Gordon, who is admired as an Australian poet, and from poets who have described Australian scenery, which Gordon has done to a email extent only, could be marked for insertion in the Vic torian school books without nil this insincere parade about federating the depart menta of education. Variety and healthy competition between the school systems is to be preferred to uniformity arrived at by compromise. Let the best intelligence of each colony be cm ployed in producing the best school books for each. One of the after effects of the (and boom bas been to provide a good deal of work for j the Supreme Court judges, who have fre quently to decide points of law raised by companies or individual buyers trying to escape from their bonds. The revelations ate to be welcomed, in the hope that they will make the public wary of entering into land speculations in future without having eome knowledge of the circumstances under which they are purchasing. They will also serve to warn would-be shareholders against placing more faith in prospectuses than they are wont to doiusacred truth. The facts and tigurea which came out iu the litigation between two com panies appearing before Mr, Justice A'Beckett last week reveal bow recklessly prices were boomed up, to the advautage of interme diaries, commission agents, and company pro moters, bat to the certain detriment of the shareholders, who were finally left with the land on their hands. A block of laud at j Dandenong was sold four times over between March 1 and June 11 last year, the first sale being at £40,000 and the last at £105,000—an j extraordinary, not to soy preposterous, rise in | so ehort time, and from the efforts the pre-! sent holders are making to back out of their 1 bargain it is plain that they went blindly into the transaction, being in such a hurry to acquire a fortune that they did not pause to ] ask any questions, or to make prudent and business-like arrangements for meeting their ] obligations. Daring the boom the ordinary moral obligations were in suspense, and hood winking was legitimate wherever it could be [ successfully managed. Thus, as is disclosed j by this very case, there was an arrangement j among directors and shareholders that they were to attend the auction sale and bid for the land which the company was selling, "with the option of declining to take the] land afterwards "—an arrangement which was concealed from the auctioneers. Both companies and individuals who have been led either by their own eagerness or by the j artful manoeuvres of persons cleverer than themselves into ventures beyond their depth j have tried repudiation as a last resource, but ] np to the present in hardly a single instance j has a successful appeal been made to the ] Supreme Court. The moral seems to be to i make what terms voa can with your ad-! veraaiy while you are in the way with him, ! but don't hope for assistance lrom the law in escaping from an act of folly. j Mr. Gladstone, as is well known, is very fond of seeking from history examples that' may help to justify his advocacy of Home j Rule for Ireland. Austria and Hungary, Sweden and Norway, any instance where two or more countries hare been joined together by a loose political tie, are claimed by him as cases Bhowing the odvantages that would result to England if Ireland were partially separated as be proposes. His latest example is tLat of Holland and Belgium. In a recent ] speech be said—"Von remember the separa tion of Holland and Belgium. That was not caused by local autonomy. Belgium was ] governed from the Hague, and local autonomy | would possibly have saved Belgium for { Holland." These words are taken as the j text for an article in the Fortnightlg Rtvttv: by Mr. Karl Blind, entitled " Mr. Gladstone ! and the Civilised World." Mr. Blind, who,; as a republican and revolutionist, was com pelled many years ago to flee from bis country, and take refuge in England, knows something abont the history of foreign countries, and he bas no difficulty in showing that Mr. Gladstone's statement about Hol land and Belgium involves a very strange misreading of historical facts. He similarly disposes of Mr. Gladstone's assertion that the French Revolution was the result of the " suppression of local institutions," the fact being that it was rather the wealth, the chaotic confusion, of local Institutions which caused that great catastrophe, and led to a centralisation that no Frenchman would now exchange for the old system of provin cial parliaments and executives. The ex posure of Mr. Gladstone's misreadings of history is, however, no new thing. What is of more importance is that Mr. Karl Blind, who can hardly oe denied the title of a Liberal in politics even by the most zealous Gladetonian, regards the concession of Home Rule to Ireland as almost the greatest disaster that could befall the United Kingdom. The argument that Ireland being a separate island ought, therefore, to hare a Parliament of her own, be disposes of by pointing out that Italy would never dream of giving a separate Parliament to Sicily, which has had a long and brilliant history, or Sardinia. Nor wonld France make such a concession to Corsica. He tells ns that daring bis recent visit to Naples He. Gladstone was distinctly told that Italian Liberals, who were amongst his warmest admirers, entertained feelings of un easiness and fear on account of his propo ganaa tor Home Rule, which, if car ried, wonld make Ireland a tool in the hands of every enemy of England. He was also reminded that the Irish Home Rulers have again and again denounced the men who established Italian unity and freedom as Hie " worst criminals " on earth. In common with all the ataunchest of Con tinental Liberala, Mr. Blind is utterly op posed to Mr. Gladstone's schemes for break ing up the United Kingdom Into several distinct nationalities, and be declares that " the true friends of England in the civilised world will stand by Hie cause of her legis lative union as the means of preserving her strong sad beneficent Parliamentary power, of maintaining her position in the world, and of insuring the progress ot intellectual culture throughout these islands." Whatever amy be the real merits of Ibsen, the Norwegian dramatist, there can be no j doubt that he has attained to the position of, being one of the moattalked-of inen of the day—at any rate, as far as literature ib con cerned. Not long ago that position was held by Tolstoi, the Russian novelist; but the literary world i9 always changing its idols, and just now the star of Ibsen is unmistakably in the ascendant- His plays are being produced in tbo chiet European cnpit&la;, and one of the most notable of them, "A Doll's House," is about to be presented on the boards of a Mel bourne theatre. What greater proof of world wide fame is there than this 1 Equally signi cant is the coullict of opinion which is raging among English critics as to the value !of his works. Some of these proclaim the Norse dramatist to be without a compeer in the literary world of to-day, the greatest and most I original of living writers. Others can find little excellence in his plays. It is said that he is not an artist, but a preacher, that his teaching is neither new n&r; true, and that in enforcing it he frequently oversteps the limits of propriety—in short, that he is a dull, coarse, and uninteresting writer. Such a difference of opinion concerning a new literary star may generally be taken as a proof that the writer possesses, at any rate, some originality, if not eccentricity, which, like olives and caviare, are extremely palat able to some readers and equally distasteful to others. This has been the case with divers poets and artists of our day—Swinburne, ltoasetu, liume Jones, Wagner, Berlioz, Walt Whitman, Zola, Tolstoi, Mr. Henry James, and Mr. W. D. Ilowells, each of whom has at one time or other been the object of a " cult" on the part of a chosen few, and of ridicule and contempt by the many. It is now Ibsen's turn to pass through this ordeal. This, however, has not always been his posi tion. Twenty years ago he was universally looked upon as one of the two great lights of Norweginn literature, lljornsun being the other. His early dramas in verse, notably " Brand " and " PeerGyut," were held to rank with (he highest modern works of their kind in anr language. At that time, if there wereno Ibsenolaters, there were on the other hand | no detractors. Liis fame was a settled fact, j which could neither be exaggerated nor j belittled. Since then, however, the dramatist has entered on a new and distinct phase of art. He has discarded poetry and taken to prose, idealism has given place to realism, the purely imaginative artist has been merged in the teacher and satirist who lashes the vices of the age with an unsparing band, and shrinks not from exhibitiug the effects of hereditary disease ; ftorn being an ac knowledged classic be has become a subject of embittered controversy. Instead of his torical aud romantic plays, he gives us those studies iu morbid pathology, "A Doll's House," '■ The Pillars of Society," and "Ghosts." 