AHAUNTED HOUSE. sr tens. c._ Its. A ru or more ago, just oppsite the house where I was stopping in one of .tbe suburbs of a large city, there was a deserted homestead, -with a dingy bill in one window, aid the rimsins of another upon the woodwork of the dooc, con tawinig the usual notice, To'Iet " The house had long been untenanted, and no oneseemed to dream that it ever ngein would be ocoupied. Certainly the neighbourhood was most respectable, and in striking contrast with this one unfortunate dwelling. What was the matter? I often queried withmyself, as my gaze was powerfully attracted to the place, not because I ever saw any person venture within its mystic walls, but in the innocence of childhood, a merrylittle group, small specimens of humanity in dirt and rags, had singled out this deserted spot as a special site in which to exhibit their works of art, laying a claim to at least the out fide as their inviolable possession, as with pieces of chalk or slate. they scratched most uncouth figures upon the doors, and even as high as they could reach upon the lintels, while, with mud from the gutter, they made dirt pies, leaving the remnants to accumulate upon the dingy sill, and, as boys, who were among them, always do-that large company of rebels-sent a plentiful supply of stones through the rashes, admitting timid rays of sunshine that had long been denied en trance through the dusty and begrimed paner. But I am digressing, though giving you but the outcome of my sight-seeing. as I so often sat at my window and mused upon it all, longing with an intense desire, as a true descendant of Eve, to know somewhat of the history of that ill-fated builing that had come to be so shunned and left, so far as occupation went, to its strange destiny. It is easy to colour such a life as mine was here with a tinge of romance, even though I had always lived in the city, where so many strangee things occur, and where nothing is apt to strike one as unusual. There was a partienlar romance to me about this country housc-I most know more! But howb ? ota soul could gratify my steadily growing curiosity. INo one knew aucht but that some indefinable mystery rested over its portals, and, like the plague, it was most persistently shunned. I often thought it had the look of a house well riddled by the lawyers, or even at some time had been the abode of ghosts -for they always seem to make choice of the most out of the way and uncomfortable habitations, those "apostles of spectres," who often bring scandal upon the world of spirits themselves. Buot there is surely an unslumlbring Provi dence that sometimes rewards even the inquisi tive, and I was destined at iength to be grati fled. It happenrd on thiswise: one evening on a visit of the old rector to our house, when all other ravl topics were exhausted, the rickety house across the way came into the line of thought There are times when "naught is everything, and everything is naught," hut here was a real, substantial explanation which is too good to be lost "I was sent for one night,:' he said, "by the inmates of that house, Stanley Range, as it was called in the neigbourhood, where I found lMrs. Stanley and her daugh'er, Beatice, in a very unusual state of excitement and distress. " ' Oh, doctor !' irs. Stani-y said. os soon as I entered, ' we havesufferesi so from a fright fal visitation in the night ! ' She turned visibly cold as she spoke. 'It was last Wednesday, two weeks, that I woke up in the middle of the night, or rather, sear morning, just as it was getting light, and I saw-' " She choked, and stupped. '" ' Well,' said I, ' what did you see!' "' Just at the bottom of my bed, such a hideous face, all the while making grimaces at me.' " ' face ?' I enquired. " 'Yes, a veritable face!' " ' What did you have for supper madam t' I asked. " .' Oh! it wasn't nihtmare, dotor. If you believe sc, you were never more mistaken in yourlife. tealityisnotrightmsre. Fivetimes I have seen that ghastly face already. It comes in all sorts of shapes. Sometimes in the form of an old woman, sometimes like a small child, and then like a biz black ram, stratting on his hind lecs, aod with a pair of eyes like the face of the evil one, as I could imagine it.' "' Do you ever hear this apparition come and goel 'I inquired. " ' No ; but whatever time I wake I find it there, and there is never a door or window that I know to be open.' " ' Have you told your daughter ? ' " ' For many nights I kept it from her. She is nervous you know, at best.' "' Y`es, madam, our nerves play sad havo: with ns at all times,' I said. "I was, indeed, inclined to make light of the whole thing, until Mrs. Saanley's silvered head was bowed on the mantel, where she wept like a child, and even then, this seemed but the evet of extreme nervousness to me. " As I look back, now, however, I think no martyr ever tried to be more courageons than this timid trembling woman, a prey to so many fears. Old age was creeping on, her small stock of stren?th diminishing, and the little sp;rit she naturallypossesoesoed failing now. Alone she had borne the terror, that ieatriene should not sruf-r as she lad done, but one morning the girl accidentally saw the same sight, which burned in upon her brain like a hot iron. She was a girl of p:uck, though, when pluck was needed, and with pokerand shorel started in quick pur. suit, as she thought she saw the object moving indistinctly in the grey dawn; but the head nodded and disappeared, and she went back to bedagein, believing it to be onlyan optical ills sion, and asyonth is very apt to do, slept soundly once IsOre. " This went on for a couple of weeks, with only one or two intervals, the thing, whatever it was, never hav ming them, nor was it known to speak but once: 'I come to look at your pretty face.' This.wns all it ever said. Was it Ilea trice it meant ? She was now not more than eighteen years of age, with soft fair hbir, re fiped, delicatefeatures, and graceful figure; she was singularly attractive to everybody. " What were they to do Again and again she begged her mother to leave the house. But where should they go ! With a small income they could not do as they would, and they had no alternatie but ito at.sy and, if ossihble live the terror down. "IBut there came an hour of e;xiplanaion, and this was stranger than all the nightly visits of the ghostly intruder. " 3IMeeting Mr, Stanley and IBeatrice on the corner of the steett, a fewrnihts a?fter, I walked down towmrd th* market, and there, at thedoor of a blacksmith's shop just opposite, stood a half-wittedl man in working attire, weak-kneed and brawny, whose w-ay seemed to have been through the wild places of low life. "'See, see!' Mrs. Stanley whispered ex citedly. ' The very face of our nightly visitor! Look what a stunted figure, hideous face, aiid what dingy hands ! Theie ent be no mistake, it is he.'... ... .. ; ' He !"' I sihd to. her; 'that half-wited idiot! Why, he's the blnrksmith's'son. ?,oa mit be mistaken. Whatecould'loe bedoingn i your hoose, or how did hbe get in I' "I spoketo him as I came up. With silly cunning he told me that it was a cosy place, and he could look at the young lady as much as he lik--d, and ewhen he was hungry he cooid get a bite down below; but he would not reveal to me the manner of his entrance. "After awhile, however, there came circum stantial evidence to prove th-t he gained admit tance through a small trap door leading from the cellar, quite hidden from sicht. There, night afther night, he came. and lyine down an the ground, pushed himself through the small open Ioing. This could only have been done when the fuel was low, which happened to be the case at this time. The door 'was nailed up rithout de lay, you may be sure;' anid henceforth the slum berers were left undisturbed." The old rector was relieved as much as they, he'oienofessed, whiehe praised the courage and fortitude of both Mrs. Stsnley and Beatrice, who, though in her teens hadreally grown old in the contest. '" No wonder that the idiotl, Jose, had become crazed over heryouthful charms in his admiring gaze and disappointed hope."onrinformaont said. ashe finished. "But he has long ago gone to a world where the weak and the etrn?g are neither iegledted :norforgoiten." . ".r And what of the former ocupants of the old hlouse " we arsedujp.a-breath.. KHIe could not tell us, ezeipt grimoimour.thut Mra. Stanley, at an adancedl age, was living in the far West'sith:her dafghter, whd b sl mar ried, some years ago, a wealthy lawyer there. The tale of the past, no doubt, by them Lad long been forgutten, but for as who dwelt near the spotithad left itB impcas ;land the man sion, if not in reality a haunted house, seemed to be a rceyill-fatetl one. D.sGrcoars.-A plysicina asserts that there are many young lalies ho use belladonna to give brilliancy to their eyes, and that it is a euiousa fact that more ladies use it who have light eyes than thoee wso possess dark ones. It is harsly necesary to etato that the practce is a most injurisua dne. It not onlyeaunes par tial blindnes, but alol astcits lthe nerves of the face, wvhich produc a muscular contlraction. 