tRovelist. The Ghost of Oak Crag. JJY ESTJIEU NEULIi KENNETH. « The old Meadows horse. Everyone in Lennox knew where it was. Fur y<ars only part of it was occupied. The build ing stood upon what was called " Oak Crag," and rose, a great solemn stone building, nearly square, in the full sight of the town. Ouce it had been a very popular place, ns the country seat of the Meadows. Partita from the city thronged it all summer. It was known as a popular re tort while old Drake Meadows lived. Hut for years it had been nearly de serted, aud most of the family were dead. The family had rapidly died out. Old Drake Meadows lost his wife and daugh ter, then parted with this life himself, leaving the property to two sons-one of whom, veiy wealthy, resided in Europe ; the other-well, nobody knew exactly where Rick Meadows was or what had become of him. He used to be known in the old times as the scapegrace son, who was aiways in difiicu'ty. He had a kind of passionate pride, but no dignity. He was hail fellow well met with everybody, and used to go fishing with the tavern boys, and off on night txpedilions after nobody knew what. A great trial to his rather tiffy proud relations, the towns people asserted ; but with them he was a great favorite. In spite of his pranks upon their per sons and properly, there were generous ways and winning tricks about the boy. He would sometimes atone in the most lavish manner for his depredations upon their possessions-bringing back the fruit or cliickeus or pumpkius he had stolen at night, or if the property was destroyed, more than paying for it out of his pocket money When angered or insulted, he would figlit like a young demon, aiid .drive everything before him. In his per- j soiial likings lie was <juite as fervid, and j to love and liate like Rick Meadows"' Eiad become a proverb in the town. But when the family left the Crag, one jiiatumn, and never came back again, JJifik disappeared from their view. He was a lad of eighteen then ; ana, not long after news of his father's death came, it was reported that he had gone into the army. For years aud years the iiouse stood empty. The garden run to waste, the fences grew dilapidated, and the trees seemed to sigh in a mournful way before .the silent door, nlu 11 one day a mess sil ver arrived from the citv to say that Ed ward Meadows, the owner, wanted to .put an occupant in it who would keep the jjilace in ord< r for the rent. The news seemed a perfect go]send to !Eiuun Lnina-. She never thought for a .moment tli .t llie house was haunted ; ?for the place, like any other descried iiabitation, had gathered disagreeable re ports. She only knew that it would be a Siome for her brother Westerly and herself during Westerly's studies; and ahe accordingly applied for it and obtained St. The brother and sister were very different. Dearlv as Emma Lamar loved Jaer brother Westerly Lamar was a, bad, passionate, unscrupulous fellow. He had inherited choleric blood ami a ilelfiah nature from his father. All his j another's noble qualities seemed trans mitted to his sister. Emma was the alder, being twenty-three. Westerly ^"as just of age. Resolute facing of a liaril world had jiven Emma Lamar an air that was a Jiltle grim ; hut she had exquisite fea tures and beautiful, dark-blue eyes. She "Would have been a beauty and a belle if j»lie had possessed the tastes and manners sof a beauty and a be'.le : but life was aud always had been a serious matter with her. She had seen father and mother flie in her early youth; and now she Jived for Wtsterly, who was not a very xomforting object to live for. Westerly was studying medicine, and jras, at least, an ambitious si u lent. Of .ourse they weic poor, but Knnna's capability k^pt them always in resp ct \ble appearance. She kept them a'ao perfect I v independent and out of de'it | which gave them a strong claim to the re spect of their neighbors. When they went to Oak Crag to live, they had everybody's best wishes. No one. was particularly foud of Westerly Lamar, but all wished him well for his sister's sake. Everyone approved of Emma Lamar, the devoted daughter and good sister. The first evening they spent at Oak Crag, both felt a little strangely. They j occupied the west side. The remainder i of the house was deathly still. That! morning they had wandered through it, viewing for the first time tlie spacious rooms, half stripped of their furnishings, murky and dusty, and smelling of mould. The place was merely a curiosity io them then ; but when darkness closed over it, and they remembered what a changed place it was since the daj^s when the grand old place had been their childhood's awe and admiration, the neighborhood of those cold and desolate rooms to the:r evening fire was a little oppres sive, "This is a pokerisli place, after all, Em," Faid Westerly, after he had sit silent a wliil<", listening to the moaning of the wind ii, the chimney, while his sister Einiaa sat by the hearth, absorbed in hfr work. She looked up. " But it is going to be so much better for us, Westerly." it will take all 1113' time to look after j that old garden." " Kot more time than you ought to give to exercise sfter studying so much." " But I want to go into the city some times." And Westerly Lamar rose, strolled to the window, «jid looked thoughtfully out at the pitch-black night. His sister was silent for a moment,then she said : '* You mustu'l go into the city and leave me alone here, Westerly.1' " I'd new r have come here if I had thought of that,"' exclaimed Westerly Lamar, impatiently. .' What were you thinking of when you made the plan. Em? Did y.ci want to bury us alive " We can t afford to bo v< rv say, Westerly." " Aflord ! 111 afford a deefnt life one j of these days,"' muttered the young mail, as he turned again to the window, ana looked at the city lights. There was a look of peculiar concern upon his sister's face as she went on with her work. She might have becu hurt bv her brother's ingratitude, or perhaps she was thinking her plan of coming to Oak C-rag might be an unfortuuate one. Her expression was i-erj' grave, whatever might be its cause. Westeilv finally returned from (he window to his books. As the moments passed, and the clock ticked loudly in the silent room, Emma's head bent lower and lower over In r sewing, and at last a tear splashed 011 the snowy linen. She had tried so hard to make the place pleasant and homelike to Westerly ! At least it did seem that he was uuappreciative. lie looked up at lier suddenly as the clock struck ten. .* Em, yon had better go to bed. I am going to study till late," lie said. Emma hesitated. I'm not sleepy. Won't you be lonely here, Westerly ?" ' he replied. " I can study much better by myself." So, after a little while, lamina put bv her work, bade him good-night, and went across the hall to her room. She sighed heavily as she let down her hair before the mirror; and, as she looked at the reflection of her face, she saw that lier cheek was pale, and her eyes mourn ful aud steadfast. She went to bed, but did not sleep. She watched the moonlight creep across the floor, and listened to tl;c dismal wail ing of the wind, until the clock struck twelve. Then she rose, wrapped herself from the frosty air, and stepped across the hall. She opened the sitting room door sofily and looked in. The oil had burned out of the lamp, and the wick sputtered feebly. The room was unoccupied, and apparently had been for some time, for the lire was out, and the atmosphere was chilly. Emma Lamar went back to her bed, and burying her face in the pillows, sobbed like a child. She realised her dreadful situation. Probably she would be left alone in that d-solate" place night ater night, while her brother was away, Heaven only knew where. S :e had her j secret. For the last three moiiths her I brother had been accustomed secretly to j take the night train at eleven o'clock, go j into tlie city, aud return to his room at somewhere about four o'clock in the ! mcrnirg. She possessed this knowledge unknown to him. When lie would make his appearance at breakfast, it would be with pale cheeks and bloodshot eyes, or sullen and heavy headed with insufficient sleep. With a dread that was almost a surety of evil, she had asked 110 questions. She believed her brother to be wedded to some bad practice, but she could not tell what. He was easily angered, and she did not dare question him for fear of causing an outbreak which would be no .satisfaction. S<>, after most earnest thought, she had come to Oak Crag, hoping that the change of situation and the demand upon his time and attention might alter his habits, S'ic was con vinced that the plan was unsuccessful ; aud the prospnet of being left alone in that gloomy place night after night was appalling. The clock ftruck 0110. Just then a slight noise stariled her. She raised her head and listened. It was a step in the room above. Her heart stood still, and then commenced beating so that she was nearly suffocated. Her first thought was to lock the door of her room, She did this, aud then crept back into bed and listened. She could distinctly hear some one going about over head, and for a while she was completely abandoned to terror. Then she attempted some solution of the problem. The house was old, and the noise might be caused by rais. But she could not, in reason, entertain this idea more than a minute. The step became a regular pacing over head. She was convinced that some one beside herself was in the house. She lay and listened to the sound. Then she thought it might be Westerly ; but she knew too well that her brother abhorred those lonely precincts overhead, aud would by no means enter them by night. He was miles away, and she was alone in what I seemed to her great danger. | The suite of rooms that the Latnars had j taken were on the ground floor. Emma's | bedroom window WAS about three fee* ' from the garden walk. Through the ' ?oak boughs the moonlight flickeredon the j floor, and she lay looking at it as she i listened. Suddenly the souud overhead ceased. Wondering what this might portend, she listened anxiously; and fearing, possibly, some assault, she re membered that lier bedraom window was not fastened, and the room was of easy access from the ground. Spriuging up, she was about to slip from the bed and fasten it, when a shadow fell across the fl >or in the patch of flickering moonlight. She glanced toward the window, and saw a face-a dreadful, wild, ghastly, pallid face-with burning eyes that met hers for a moment; then the face disappeared, and Emma Lamar sank back in a swoon of I error. When she returned to consciousness, she heard her brother cough in his room adjoining ; and she knew that lie had re turned, and it must be nearly morning. With a feeling of safety, she turned upon her pillow, and, resolving to investigate the mystery as day came, fell asleep. It was late when she awoke, ard she sprang from bed before she remembered the events of the night. It seemed like a dream as she suddenly remembered what the last night's experience had been ; and the more so when she threw open the windows and let iu the riuinii" soii"S of the birds. At breakfast she told Westerly the story. He came out of his room sleepy and sullen ; but when she commenced her narrative he flashed into sudden anger. "I tell you the cursed old place is haunted, Em,' he exclaimed. " Of course it is. There's no other solution for such sights and sounds. I presume old Meadow's ghost haunts it; and unless .you want such visitors every night we had better leave." " If I thought it nothing more real than ghosts, and you were here. Westerly, I should not he afraid," replied his sister. " What do you mean by my being here if' he said quickly. " You were not here last night, Wes terly,- answered Emni:i, hardly willing to meet Jiis glance of astouishment and anger at her discovery, yet speaking firmly. ^ Westerly was silent a moment, then said with cool bravado, " I had business in the city. And I'll iell you what, Sin, 1 may be away any night. So, if you don't want to be left alone here with the ghosts, you'd better find some other abode. For 1113' part. I never was in favor of coming her/' " Why, what can you want in the city at night, Westerly said Emma, sorrow fully. * '.That's my business," replied Westerly, gruffly, bending over his breakfast. Here the conversation dropped, for Emma felt too deeply for words, and I Westerly ate his breakfast in sileuoe. During the forenoon they went about their separate occupations ; but in the afternoon Emma came into the sit ting-room where her brother sat studying and laying her hand lightly upon his arm! asked, " Westerly, will you go up stairs with me ?" " What for ?' lie asked in surprise. " To see if any one is tlicro, or has been there," she said. For a moment he looked incredulous. Then lie rosa slowly, sayina, Why, Em, you must be a fool ! How could any one get into those rooms V They are locked in every direction. But I'll go up if you like." They went up-stairs. The stairs were broad and the steps low. The halls, dusty and sunny, echoed their voices when they spoke ; but. though lonely, the place was not iu any degree fearful. They unlocked and opened room after room, all of which looked silent and un disturbed. At Ja?t they came to the chamber from whence had proceeded the sound of footsteps the previous night Emma Limnr's lien-t beat hard as slie"u un locked the door. T. ey entered. The room was silent, and echoed the creaking door. All was perfectly still and nudis turbed. Westerly laugh< d as his sister looked about the room, " I>« y«u suppose ghosts leave any marks to track them by V" said lie. "Come, Em, don t be silly any longer, j I tell you no live person could have been in the room last night." " What is this Emma picked up a glove from the floor. Both examined it in surprise. It was a mans buckskin glove, aauutleted, and fastened with a heavy gold button, on which were engraved the initials, " R.M." The glove bore the imprest of a shapeiv hand ; but it was impossible to tell how recently it had been worn, it was so soiled and stained. It has probably lain here for years, where some visitor of the old family dropped it,'1 rem irked Westerly. "I fancy it feels slightly damp, Wes terly,"' said his sister. " Nonsense! It's nothing but the d unpness of the room. Those north-west chambers arc full of chills. Come, throw it down, aud let us go down' stairs." 0 Uut Emma kept the glove, carried it down stairs, and laid it away. That night Westerly promised her that he would not leave the house, ;uid the. brother and sister retired to their rooms at ten o'clock. Suddenly, as the clock struck eleven, a bell rang violently thiou.qh i]ac house. It was not the hall door bell, but proceeded from one of the chambers. Emma heard her brother spring out of bed with an oath. The next moment he was at her door, when she met him. ' " For heaven's sake what is that Emma V~ he exclaimed. ' "It is the bell of the north-west cham ber," she replied. Ail this time the bell was ringing. Sud denly it stopped. " What shall we do. Westerly f' Cuise me if 1 don t lind out what ^*lns means !" exclaimed her brother. lie sprang back to his room, and, to Emmas surprise, returned with a i\?sol ver. " Where did you get that, Westerly ?" "Never mind. Take that light and come with me." j 1 She was dressed only in slippers and j wrapper, and the air of the entries was | chill; but she did not mind. She fol- j lowed her brother iu his rapid speed up- ' stairs. Strange to say, his theory of I ghosts had never made any impression on : her. She f< ared nothing" so va«ue, but anticipated some strange discovery of human beings where all had seemed deso ! lation. ! ,Tlie first strange development was that the door of the north-west chamber was ^ It yielded to Westerly's hand, ana with an exclamation of surprise lie entered. . r^/ier0 was no doubt that it was occu pied. A faint light srlimmered on the table, and upon a lounge lay a man, evi dently in the agonies of death. His face was deadly pale, and the eyes were rolled up as if he wore in convulsions. The brother and sister stood by in silent hor ror. In a moment the convulsed fea tures were seen to relax, and the breath stopped. " He is dead," raid Westerly. They brought the light to the marble face. It was handsome and haggard. Westerly uttered an exclamation of sur prise. " What is it. Westerly " I saw that man last night in the city. ' " Whore V" In a gambling saloon," replied the young limn, excitedly. He forgot at the moment that he was betraying himself. Indeed, Emma La mar \v;is too agitated to notice the betrayal beyond the mere words. She looked down ar the man, ami a look of weariness and soriow on the still, pallid face touched her to tears. "Pshaw ! What are you cry in « fee-V"' exclaimed Westerly. " Hold the light a minute." He gave her the light, then, unfasten ing tlie mans ucoktie, and, baring his breast, made various tests of life. The form lay as impassive and cold as marble. " He's dead enough," said Westerly. " What are we to do with him ? Shall I call a physician, Westerly? I am no afraid to go down the hill." Emma Lamar thought she would prefer it to remaining with that solemn dead ligure, while her brother went to call h< ]p or evidence. But Westerly did not answer. After a few moments he covircd the face, and i said, Come down stairs now." Uiey went b:»ck to the sitting room, put down the light, and looked at each other. " How did he come here, Westerly ?" i Heaven only knows; but, Em, it s the best luck that ever happened to me P " How V' " I shall use him for a subject if noth ing happens to prevent-thai is, if I sec no chance of detection. Prof. Gardner w ill pay me one hundred pound ., and ask no questions." " Oood heavens ! Westerly, I be" of you-'" "Pshaw! Hush, will you! There's I nothing to prevent. I've made up my mind. And there's the body-a splendid ease. \ou noticed his dress, did you i not?" " No."' "Army-majors outfit, ] think. Ile'g | a foreigner ; 1 noiiced his accent last I night. He won my money like the devil. How he happened to be in this house is I the mystery." ! 41 What killed him | " Late hours and liquor, perhaps. Pos sibly he took a quiet dose of something to I got himself out of the hands of the law. j lie was a desperate looking fellow wheu there was life iu his face." Oli, Westel l}', where have you learned about these tilings V You have changed so much in a year !' "Go to bed, Em ; don't preach 1" " What are you going to do V" " I am going up-stairs again." " Westerly, 1 pray you do nothing with that man's body to-night."' " I'll do what I please, Em. You had better go to bed/1 " But, Westerly, the danger of " I will manage my all'airs. Go to bed. He took another light aud went to his room. His sister knew that he had gone for his surgical case. Trembling with cold and excitement, and trying vainly to collect her faculties that she might think calmly, she retreated to her room, and lav down, half sick with the workings of fear and anxiety. She heard her brother go ui>. stairs. The thought ot bis work made her faint. She prayed that something might happen to prevent. Just then she heard him returning. " Westerly !" she caiied. He came to the door. Listen to me a moment, Westerly. Suppose that man should be tracked here, and found mutilated, what is to sa\e you from the accusation of mur- i der " '* No fear of that. The family burying ground of the Meadows will have one more occupant before morning. I shall have quite done with him in an hour/' "Oh, 'SNesterley. you don trealise what a desperate tiling you arc doing!'' "Dont I' A hundred pounds ir, woith a little desperation. Go to i-lecp sis." ' He shut the do.-ir and went up stairs. Emma buried hei face in the pillow, and wept in an agony of despair. Not only was her brothers work revolting to her. but she realised how imminent was the peril. Westerly seemed detir.niuvd io bring certain destruction upon them. But suddenly she heard him come leaping down the stair.-?. He burst into her ro'iir.. " He has gone " Gone *' Yes. I believe lie was the devil. How could he take himself oil when he was dead V And Westerly Lamar, a moment before so cool, leaned against the door, and wiped the perspiration of excitement from his forehead. " llow did he go, Westerly V' " I don't know. I made a slight cut in the breast, and then came down for my other instruments. When 1 went back he was gone." " Were the windows and doors open?" "The door was ajar just as I left it. The windows w ere shut." " Westerly, I am so glad !"' "Of whatY' ''That you did him no harm." "Fool!" exclaimed Westerly in a sud den rage. " What harm could I possibly do the man if he were dead " Buthe wasn't dead. " " 1 tell you he was as dead as a post!'' Westerly went back to the sitting room. Jt was nearly daybreak, and he made a fire. lie sat over it moodily when Emma came out. Then he rose suddenly, and went up-stairs. " j In a few moments he came down with ] something in his hand. j " What is that, Westerly V" " Nothing but that glove," he said, as lie tossed it down. " But I pr,t ihafc glove away. This must be tlie mate." It was so. The buttons bore the same initials. Emma took them in charge as a clue to the strange episode of tlic night. That day it was decided tlmt they should leave the house. It bore a honor to Emma Lamar ; and, since her plan in coining there was not likely to prove suc cessful, it was not worth while to remain in so disagreeable a place. Tliey would go back to the little cottage they had rented for the last three years, an J live as best they mi<rht. At least she would be near to neighbors there when left alone at night. She had never before in her life been so unhappy, and she ef»uld not keen back Ikt tears as sh". prepared*for their re moval. Beside her dir-appointment and sorrow, she was wearied and nervous from the effects of the nights excitement, and at last, during her brother's absence, she Hung herself down upon her bed and cried like a child. The poor girl felt tired be yond her strength. At twilight she arose and went, into the garden, hoping that her aching head would be relieved by the clear, frosty air. Besides she could not bnt acknowledge to herself a dislike to stay in the house alone. Westerty had promised ro return at six o'clock, and she stood on the hill watching the road, when she saw a dark spot upon the gravel Halle at her feet. A second glance assured her that it was blood, and her heart leaped up in horror. Gazing in a kind of fascination at the ground, she saw another and another dull red spot, and still drops beyond. Step ping forward she followed the marks to a little summer-house in an oak coppice, and there upon the seat lay extended the ligure of a man. (0wltttlrd in o:'r ties!.') 