BREVITIES. The following interesting items are taken from our English files to band The Queen is entertaining a succession oi guests at Osborne. Her Majesty will shortly visit Biarritz, and will travel as the Couutess of Baluiorul. During her slay at Biarrittz, she inteuds to live quite privately. Nine superb horses have beeu bought at Boiirdeaux for her Majusiy, who purposes taking loug drives. The carriage intended for her use, a sociable landau, was sent, from Windsor. As a special regard for Couut Rochefoucald, whose villa she has taken, theQueeu has expressed her desire that one of the count's liveried servants should ha always in attendance iu tbe entrance hall of the villa amoug the Q'leeu's footmen. The Queen held a council at Osborne on Tuesday, Jauuary 29, when the Earl of Kintore delivered up his stick ofofliee of Captain of the Yeoruiu of the Guard, uo his appointment to the Governorship of South Australia. The Emperor of Gsrmany celebrated bisjbirtbduy 011 Suuday, January 27. The first lo congratulate hiui were his three eldest sons, who appeared iu full military uniform, tbe surprise having been pre pared by tbe Empress. The Empress presented ber husband with a portrait of herself, and Queen Victoria forwarded two costly Iudlan vaBes. The young German Emperor is said to have worn a robe ou the occasion with a train six yards lung. It was of the finest Lvous Bilk, the material alone being worth £300, while the embroidery in the working oc cupied 12 persons for at least two months. The Empress of Russia, it appears, is affected with a kind of palsy, ehe having been subject to trembling fits siuce tbe railway accident. She would proceed at ouce to Naples bul for tbe fearof eruptions of Vesuvius aud earthquakes. The Empress of Brazil has juBt finished a epleudidly-euibroidered national lint:. which is to be weut to Lourdts in recogni tion of the miraculous recovery of the Emperor duriug bib sojourn iu Europe. The Queen's Jubilee preBeuts have uow beeu arranged iu baudsouie oak aud glass cabinets provided for tbeir reception iu the Grand Vestibule of Windsor Castle. The little Crowu Prince of Servia, who was recently taken away from bis mother dined the other day withBome officers. One of them asked the Prince to propose a toast. The boy, without hesitation, proposed the health of bis dearly beloved null! r. The officers, greatly em barrassed, drank lhe ibe health of' Tbeir Crown Priuce's Mother' without calling ber Queen. Mrs. Mackay, the wealthy American lady, is said to have ordered a robe which is to be embroidered all over with real pearls, and for which she has agreed lo jp&y; £10,000. The Lord Mayor's fund for the relief of the distress caused by the famfue iu China alreadv exceeds £5000. Culonel North, of Eltham, Kent, the ' Nitrate King,' und credited with fabu lous wealth, who was formerly a working man iu .Leeds, Imis been presented with tbe freedom of tbat bor&ugb;, 'iu which be was born, in recognition of the gift of tbe interesting ruins of Kirkstall Abbey to tbo town, end other , acts of looal beuevulence. Mr. Edw'in Chad wick, (be father of modern sanitation, has just entered upon bis 90th year. . One of Mr. Gladstone's gray hairs b«8 beeu valued at 4s. in Naples. It was picked from n(t his coat by a correspon dent of the Pall Malt Gazette, who Bat behind him iu church. Ad Italian deputy to whom it was ehown seized It, threw a five-franc piece, and bolted. Great excitement has beeu caused in tbe Riviera by tbe eloptrient of an Eng lish doctor, a visitor to Nice, with au American youug lady aged 17. Ibe girl waslu possession of a cheque for £360, made payable to her mother or hernelf, which she cashed. Tbe runaways were captured in Paris aud taken back to Nice. Tbedootor bad with bim hle little boy 1 and when Arrested be wm endeavouring fn send bim across the Channel Ip com ,,„nv wltb some passengers. a Fine Art, Ecclesiastical, Educational, ».id Industrial Exhibition Ib to be beld at Vnrb from June to Ootober of this year. A nurse at Eastbourne, In tbe hope of cHvjng the life of a little Rlrl, sucked the mi.B to clear tbe throat of a diphtheritic 1'itieut, at tbe risk of ber own life. The poor child eventually died, but the nurse fUMrVThomasson has offered Mere Hall and grounds as a gift to Bolton for a luueeurn, playground, and garden, and ' vnresBeB tbe hope that it may be opened on SundayB. A rival to mushroom culture as a mode of Qlllng the farmer's pockets seems to be nitrgested (,y tbe success of snailfarm Iiib in France and elBewbere. One suail f,rmer Is said to clear £800 a year by fattening snails for the tables of the French. A curious breach of promise case was liesrd in Loudon. Both parties were' named Johnson, and were middle-aged. Hie gentleman being a widower. They met Bt Nottingham Goose Fair, and - tbe defendant subsequently lodged for some time at the lady's bouBe. The defendant said tbe lady made the proposal of marriage. The jury awarded her £60 for i lie board and lodging, but nothing for lbe breach of promise. The twelfth annual Stanley Club Bicycle Show was beld at the Crystal Palace. There were nearly 200 exhibitors over 1000 machines being displayed in tlie great Central Hall. Oue of Hungary's pet aversions is tbe German language, and its proposed use iu army examinations bas largely rein forced tbe fierce opposition in Hungary against tbe new Army Bill. The other day detectives were placed In the gallery to watch persons who might make de monstrations, and as soon as this fact was discovered tbe House became a kind of pandemonium. The detectives fled for their lives. A female at Rugby is the subject of an extraordinary delusion. She is under the impression tbat a certain gentleman who is about to take holy orders is ber husband. The other Sunday she hur riedly left her pew at church, and, going to tbe gentleman in question, who hap pened to be with a lady, pulled bim cut of the pew. claiming bim as her husband aud father of ber children. She was summoned, and bound over to keep the pence. There is a dispute as to the heirship to the magnificent estate of Pictou Castle, of 30,000 acres and the greater portion of the toirn of Haverford West, bringing in a rental of £25.000 a year, which will ph'irtly tie decided in the law courts. Toe present claimaut says he is a lineal (iHj.vudaut of lbe late Sir John Phillips, Rill., and the next, male heir. Tiie late Earl of Lucan, the B&laklava; lirro, was worth £44,669. Au aged labouring man at Newcastle uiuler Lyme bas just uuexpectedly come Into £25,001), originally lelt by a young couple who contracted a romantic marriage and died without a family. A ii aged pauper who has just died at Tvuloy, Lincolnshire, waB found to p .siess see guineas worth £288, A general secession of Scottish Odd fellows from the Order in Englaud, is ex pected, the inteution being lo form a new ordtr to embrace lbe whole of Scotland. A 'ghost' story comes from Chester. At a farm uear Aberdarou Island tbe uisu at early dawu going to milk tbe cows found tbem all unfastened in tbe yiird. Tbe bull, which was furious, immediately gored one of tbe men. Police were sent to watch the premises, aud duriug tbe next night tbe cowhouse doors opeued and closed violently, but no one was to be seen. The nocturnal incident is said to have created much alarm. Some excitement was caused in Lam lii lh when it became known tbat a large Russian bear bad escaped from a mena gerie. Bruin took up bis quarters in tbe garden of au empty bouse, and for some time kept bis would-be cantors at buy. In tbe Queen's Bench Division a case has been decided which appears to make it clear tbat all publicans are liable to a fine for gambling wbo permit tbeir customers to play for any stake on a billiard table. A woman bad a narrow escape of being buried alive at Rocuesler. She fell into a kiud of trance, which was mistaken for death. A coffin was ordered, and tbe usual preparations made for a funeral. While, however, a number of relatives were gathered around the bedside be wailing their bereavement, tbe supposed corpse startled them by suddenly rieiug up in bed and asking what was tbe matter. A tin box left at Liverpool station aroused the suspicions of a booking-clerk. Opening it, be discovered Lberein a child, about six weeks old, alive aud well, only it had been drugged. Tbe box was marked ' Wilh care.' Tbe week's death-roll includes : Miss Ryland, of Warwick ; Mr. Stuart MeDZieB, M P. for East Perthshire, aged 33 Mr. Lucas Pease, of Darlington, a Country Council oaudidat', wbp was injured while bunting ; Mr. JameB Howard, tbe well-known agriculturist; Sir Henry Dashwood, Bart., aged 72 ; tbe Marquis j of Donegal, in bis 90tb year ; William Joues, the oldest resident in the Swansea Valley, aged 112; Langalibalelc, the tjouth African chief. 