TALE. A Lady Postlethwaite's Will. ' Phil,' said my father, ' hero's a note from Lady Postlethwaito. Sho wants to boo mo this morning to take instructions for a codicil to licr will. I cannot go, so you | must.' i I rccoivod tho suggestion with sufficient ungraciousness. It upset my plans for a rapid dispatch of oflico work that morning and an afternoon's holiday ou tho ico at Hcndon. 'Lady Postlethwaito doesn't know mo,' I demurred. ' Wouldn't she ratlior wait till you aro hotter ?' ' Bless my coul!' interrupted my fatlior, testily. ' When did you over know 1110 to get bettor ? Tho fit is duo, sir ! I feel it flying about mo at this moment, and hero you go, aggravating it with your stupid, paltering objoetions. Do you moau to go, or do you not ' Of course I'm going, ns soon as I got the address. I only thought of your being lior old and confidential friend ' ' Old friends bo !' oxploded my father, and then I know it ivut gout. A faleo alarm made him ' bless his soul' occasionally, but nothing short of tho real thing over drovo a Srofano explotivo from thoso God-fearing ps. I knowmy father's visits to his oliont wcro solemn undertakings, lasting half tho day at shortest, and inwardly resolvod to astonish his valued old friend into a moro rapid despatch of hor affairs, so as to get away before the aftornoon waned. I had novor soon Lady Postlothwaito. I only knew that sho had a largo fortune and was much exorcised as to its oventual disposal. ' Lady Postlothwaito's will' camo round as rogularly in my father's diary as a quarter day and about as frequently. I journeyed in a sulky mood through tho frost fog to tho suburban region whoro 'Deodara Lodge' then stood. A smart villa residence with much glass and ornamental shrubbery surrounding it. There was au air of trim luxury, of a costly, quiet sort about tho wholo place. Tho littlo smiling maid servant who opened tho door was the only incongruity. She trotted beforo mo down a warm, hushed hall to a door through which sho ushered mo and loft mo alone, as I thought. Tho room was rich and sombre, heavy with mahogany, gloomy with damask. A bright firo snapped and sparkl.d in ft marvellously polished stool grato; over tho mantelpieco, in a gorgeous gilded frame, hung a portrait of a littlo gray man in the full splendour of nldermanic robes, and in front of tho firo in tho depths of a great loathcrn arm-chair a littlo old lady slumbered soundly. A comfortable, rosy-clicekcd old lady, with'grayish brown curls pinned at each side of hor placid littlo faco, a very smart cap, diamond rings on hor plump little mittened fiugers, and a satin gown, in tho lap of which rested a roligious newspaper and a tortoisoshoU'cat, which oponed ono sleepy oye as I softly approached over tho thick Turkey carpot. Tlio noxt miuuto puss' mistress had sprung to hor feet bolt upright and wido awake, and, catching tho cat deftly with ono hand, gave mino a cordial shako with the other. ' Phillip Austen ! No mistake about that!' sho exclaimed. ' Eh, but you'ro like your good father! So you caught mo napping, i'vo done a long morning's work, the hardest in tho house, I somotimos think; and I'm not so young as I was. Put down that hat and take your coat off. That's hotter. Now you'll just havo a glass of wino and a piece of cake after your journey.' The littlo maid camo in to answer to tho bell, bnt I strenuously protested that I could oat nothing, that my time was limited, that I novor touched wino in the morning. Lady Postlethwaito looked as honestly disconcerted as if I had been guilty of somo broach of etiquette, but beckoned the maid and gavo her a bunch of keys and somo lengthy and minuto whispered directions which I foarcd referred to luncheon. I delivered all my father's explanations and; apologies. ' An old gontloinan crippled with gout ! And that's what liaudsomo Phil Auston has ooino to ! Tho neatest dancer and tho finost iiguro of a young follow that you could seo upon a timo. A noblo pair thoy mado—ho and Miss Anno Hooper. Eh, lad, lud ! but v it's a sad thing to grow old ; or it would bo, if'it weren't for you young ones being left to us.' Sho looked at me with 6ucli kindly eyes that I felt ashamed of my impatience.. ' Did your father send mo nothing by you ?' sho asked. I gava her a soaled envelope whioli alio opened. It only contained a small key. ' This is a fancy of mino. Look hero,' sho said; It fitted tho lock of a central compartment ,in a large bookcase that stood in the room. A tall, narrow space between the shelves of books, evidently intended to contain maps or engravings. It . was only a few inches in width and the gluizod panel of its door looked hardly wider than the slit of a lottor-box. _ It was empty saving for a long blue envelope tied with.fanoy ribbon and sealed with a largo red seal. She took this out. ' This is my will, you see. I can look in through the glass at it every day, if I like, and know that it's sufo, but I am secured from tampering with it oxccpt with tho knowledge ana consent of your father. That is Sir Josiah's old seal. You seo thoro is onty my name and tlio date outsido th6 envelope, though 110 one could possibly rend anything throughihat gloss if thoy tried.' Shobrokotho seal and opened the inclosed dooument, looking i wistfully at mo as she did so. * To think of your ' red shoes and sash—coming to help mo with I this wenry weight of mouoy. A quarter of a million ! An awful chargo for ono poor old body. And not ono brought up to tho posi tion, either : your father will liavo told you that ?' , 4 He onco paid something—• I hesitated. 'Told you I was Sir Josiah's cook, most likoly,' siio said, smoothing out tho sheets of paper with a composc! smilo. Well, I wasu t. I was hi* kitchen maid. She stopped enjoying my look of surprise, then nodded at tho alaorman over tho chimney piece. ' thoro he is, a knight and alderman of tno city of London. I must tell you how it camo about, as your father liasn1t done so. You're sure you'll not take a glass of wino first?' . . I declined again and yet agam beforo sho began her story, Bottling her eai> ribbons and stroking tho cat into a contented purr. 1 Yos, I was kitchen maid at Sir Josiah Postlethwaito's fino establishment in Bloomsbury squaro. There wore thrco other servants and nice times thoy had of it. All the lioiiso to themselves from breakfast till Sir Josiah returned about G o'clook from tho city. Onco or twico a week tlicro might bo company at dinner, and very grand dinners those wore. All tho rest of tho week nothing particular to do, or, if thoro was, I had to do it. I novor set oyes on my master till one day, about 12 o'clock, ho camo homo unexpectedly and rang tho library bell. Tho butler was oh some orrand of his own, tho housemaid gettuig a now dross tried on, so Iliad to answer it. 41 m not very well,'ho said. ' Can you get nio something to cat—anda glass of wino t ys lint a tompcr cook flow into! She wasn't going to servo meals to anybody. I got it at last, but tho butlor had tho wino-ccllar and sideboard kovs in his pocket. However, Sir Josiah could nothing after all, ' What s your namo—you aro a new-comer, aro you not F' ho asked. 'Bossy Allison? And von yon cot"c from "Workington !' and ho looked quito ploased. Tho butler camo iu just thou sol went back to tho kitchen. Proseutly down camo my gentleman looking vory whito and flustered. ' I'm going,' lie says, 1 Mo and master have had a difference. Tlion ho and tho othors had a talk togotnor in the pantry. * Bessy, mastor says you ro to go down to Dr. Shaw—No. 15—-just across the square.' I thought ho might liavo t°ld mo sooner, but I ran at onco. I was kept somo time, and whon I got back I found tho door opened, but not a croaturo down stairs only all their boxes fastened up and labelled in tho scullery. "Master and I woro loft alone in tlio hou*o, and ho was siokening for fever, so tho doctor said. 'Nurses weren't to ho had thon as thoy aro now; and besides, Sir Josiah wouldn t let any ono near him hut mo. So a woman was got to do tho rough work, and I nursed him day and night till ho got hotter. As soon as ho was well lio asked mo to him. Ho wasn't the sort of sweetheart 1 d fauciod to have—poor littlo old gontlomanbut I'd saved his life, and couldn't bear tho thoughts of deserting him now, so 1 saul ' Yes,' and never ropentcd it. Ho was a good husband to mo wliilo ho lived, and, wlien lift died, loft mo ovory ppnny ho possessed, just to do as I choso with. t ' It's a great responsibility,' I said, inwardly wondering how soon we might got to business. ■» tu i. She shook her head solcmuly. It s not tlio moro giving away of tho money; it s tho seeing that it does no mischief that troubles mo. You seo I'vo no kin of my own to whom I might rightfully leave it all nor aro there any alivo of Josiah's. Tlion I thought of his first wife, poor soul, a born lady, who helped him and loved him wliuo lie was young and poor, and died just as tno good times were coming. I'vo tried to find Mrs. Postlothwaito's people out ana do what I can for them, And thoro's cliantios enough to swallow the whole amount, hut your father made mo promise to tako notiiiug on trust, but to find out for myself how they would bo likely to spend it if I gave it them , and that has been a long job, and a heartbreaking ono. I'm nearly settled now, but there aro still changes to bo made.' Sho turned over tho loaves of tho win making comments on caoli bequest, while I made a fow inolfoctivo notes, and strovo to possess my soul in pationuc. I was rewarded. Sho ended by producing a # most busmessliko littlo list of tho aaditions sho desired. Thov were fo rr and trifling till wc came to tho 'last, over which sho paused and hcsitated. ' Colonel, tho Rov. Vaudenhofl St. George, £50,000.' " I opened my eyes, as woll I might. 'Did you never hear of liimr I thought every ono must know tho great work lies been doing in tho AVost !End. Tho converted dragoon, the papor hero calls him. Ho has his Tuesday and Friday meetings hero, too—an afternoon tea for ladies on Tuesdays and a smoking concert for gentlomon on Fridays. Ho's a grand speaker. You must como and hear him. I waut to givo him a chapel sf his own, as tho clergy won't have him in tho church. Now, whon will you como and meet him ?' t I was propared with an evasion, but just then the door opened, and a fur-clad young lady entered briskly, carrying a violin case. Sho stopped when she saw me and, with a pretty gesture of apology, withdrew. ' xou can como in, Lotty. AVo'vo done all our business. How did tho rehearsal go off ? You're just in time to show Mr. Austen tlio azaleas beforo lunch. You'll not mind being loft to Lotty for half an hour, Mr. Phillip ? There aro soms things I think I can do hotter myself than anyone elso, and a vol-an-vait is ono of tliom.' I made another effort to escape-—a fooblo ono this time—and, having collected iny papers found myself following 4 Lotty,' or * Miss Dorrian,' as I discovered her namo to he, through tho hall into a largo conservatory j with its banks of bloom—tho dear old lady's ono oxtravaganco, asl was informed. 'She'll | spend her money royally for othecr people's good—or their pleasure—that's the best good ! to somo of us, you know,' laughed tho girl. Two littlo maids, in big aprons and mop caps looked up from scrubbing tho encaustic tiles as wo passed. 'Look atthom—miserable littlo lodginghouse slaveys when sho discovered them. She'll teach and train them into perfect little sorvants—sho lias tho gift—and then, when slio might begin to got somo comfort out of th'?m, send thom off into good x>laces and begin all over with a scries of incapablos. Tho house is full of them—and of us.' , ' Who are ' us'?' I inquired, as wo mado our way from tho azaleas into tho palm ; house. ' Odds and ends, waifs and strays of girls i wanting holidays or music lessons, or pretty frocks, or anything wo can't got and she can 1 givo us. Sho's a saint upon earth/ Miss | Dorrian "wont on with enthusiasm it was pretty to see. ' A comical, cozy, comfort- j able saint, helping tho needy, never sparing herself, wise and kind and unselfish. Why > shouldn't a saint wear satiu gowns and smart cups ?' t t 1 I was unable to raiso an objection, so we i wandered on from tho palms into tho' orchid house and so baok again, by which time I had mentally voted skating vory poor fun and Hendon the last place I wished to seo that afternoon. Just as we gained tho entrance to tlio hall Miss Dorrian stopped suddenly. Aloud, imperative knock and ring resounded through tho house. Then a loud, imperative voico inquired for Lady Postlothwaito, and somo ono passed in with a heavy martial tread, 1 That man again !' sho whispered with a black frown. ' Do you know him ? That converted Colonel ?' 1 Salvation Army rank, Isupposo?' 'Nothing so respeetabe. Her Majesty dispensed with hi9 servicos f orsomo very good reasons that his frksnda don't oaro to inquire iuto. Ho says ho has a mission to tho upper ciasscs. I don't know what ho does in tho West End, but luiro nil tho littlo suburban gentilities run after him to revel intliosocioty of tho nristooratio fellow-convicts liointroduccs thom to. Lord Levant relate* hia turf experiences with ponitonco and abasomont, and Lady Mildred Bagloy holds forth about, tho dark days when sho was a worldling and a society beauty.' _ ' I know them both proftssioiuilly. _ Wot in connection with any thinglikoaroligiousoorvico by any moans, unless it's tho collection. Wo had gained tho drawing-room door und Miss Dorrian nodded, laughed and loft mo to outer by myself. _ . Tho reverend Colonel stood with his big feet firmly planted on tho whito rug before tho fire. A tall, broad-shouldered follow, floridly good-looking, and with a loud aggressive manner. Lady Postlethwaito, iu a fresli and smarter cap, sat in a low chair beneath'' him looking up admiringly. She introduced mo in a ploasod littlo flutter, whoreon ho drew himself up smartly liko a sentry on duty. ' Friend or onomy ? Givo tho countersign-' . _ , This startling recoption was, I imagined, a bit of affectation, so I mado a point of being quite unimprossod, roturnod tho staro of his blaok oyes with a bland smilo and roplicd: 'As I don't happen to know whioh sidoyouaro on, snpposo you consider mo a noutral.' ' Which sido I am on ?' ho began, but I rofrnin from a full report of tho discourse which followod. If ho was in earnest It was in tho worst of taste; if not, simplp blasphemous. ' I shall enlist you yet. You are a recruit after my own liojirt,' ho concluded, slapping mo 011 the shouldor as wo wont into luncheon, lie gavo us a long grace, muoli edifying^ my dear old hostess, and tlion proceeded to rejoioo her heart by a thorough and frank enjoyment of tlio good tilings betoro lim. Ho complimented her on the dishes, ordered up varioties of wino, sent tho littlo maids in waiting flying liitlior and tliitlior, addressing thom as ' Mary, my dear,' and mado sundry gallnnt spccohos to Miss Dorrian, for whioh I could havo chetrfully scon him choked on tho spot. Ho was an amusing dog withal—eyon I was compelled to admit. IIo had a jovial and rollicking way of relating hisfcdvoniiirea, and thoy wero strange and amusing ones; and ho put in his dash of piety artistically, so as not to spoil a good story, and to pass ono or two which otherwise might havo beon considered rather risky. Lady Postlethwaito oponed lier oyos and clasped her hands at his narrations of peril by laud and sea, or smiled and purred delightedly over his minuto account of tho sayings and doings of tlio royal personages with whom he had boon privileged to associate. Afterward ho sat down at tho piano and sang us a rattling hilarious hymn or two, with an irrostiblc chorus, followed by somo plaintivo North country ditties that mado Lady Postlethwaito wipe lier oyes and rub her giassos. I don't wonder at tho success of tho smoking concerts. Ilis voioo with training, might ha vo boon a fortnno to him. I left him possossor os tho kiold. I found my father tc ill to attend to my report. Thoro soomcd no clianco of his being ablo to attend to business for many a day to como. So as soon as she codioil was prepared it fell to my sharo to pay Lady Postlethwaito a second visit. Sho received 1110 as kindly as boforo, but seemed absent aud disturbed. ' I should liko to boo your father. How soon will ho ba buck f sho naked, as sho searched for a pieco of rod ribbon to incloso the will and codioil. ' IIo'll not stop a day longor at Carlsbad than ho can help, you may ho sure. I'll send him to you at onco.' I saw how lier hands shook as sho tied up tho onvolopo. Slip stopped onco and seemed about to speak to mo; but checked liersolf and dismissod tho littlo maid who had witnessed tho codicil, with instructions to bring in ' Tlio old Madoira. Mr. Austen's wino.' I lighted a taper and sho produced Sir Josiali s ponderous chain aud seals. ' Colonol St Goorgo' was announced, aud tho chain and seal fell dashing to the floor. Tho colonel saluted 1110 with his customary boistorous goniality, and withdrew with a newspapor to tho window whilo wo finished our business. I was glad to got away from him, and, in dread of an invitation to dinner, aecoptod a glass of tho old Madeira and bade a hasty farewell. Tho wino luid a curious effect upon mo, I fanciod. After leaviug tho house I lingored about, reluctant to go, haunted by tho aggravating idea that I had loft some commission unfulfilled or forgotton somo important part of my orraud. I felt for tho key. I hod that safe enough, and I know I had locked tho door securely. I must hurry homo if I wasted to see my fathor, so, hailing tho first cab, I jumped in, throwing my overcoat on the front seat. Wo had reached tho end of tho road boforo I glanced at it, and thero lying beside it was Lady Postlethwaite's will. Thero was no mistako about it. How had it como thoro? Had wo locked up tho wrong paper ? I stopped tho driver, and as I did so, tho paper slipped from my hand. I searched, and so did lie, but in vain. Tho window had been shut; it could not havo fallon out. Had I boon dreaming ? I felt ashamed of tlio idoa, but how else could I account for this ? ' That Old Madeira,' Imontally docided. ' My unlucky governor ! If he goes thero often, I don't wonder I10 lias to finish at CarMiad.' I saw liim off and spent tho rest of tho cvoniug with an old collego friend who had como up to town about marriage settlements. Ho had a great deal to toll mo about his lady lovo and I sat smoking, tranquilly listening to his rapturos and thinking—who knows why ?—about Lotty Dorrian. I was awakened early noxt morning by Harris, my fathor's man, who stood by my bsdsido with a faco of concern. ' Very sorry to havo to rouso you, sir ; bnt a most urgent message has eomo—Lady Postlethwaito, sir —would you kindly bring that will at onco to her!' I sprang up. 'Hot water directly, Harris, and sond for a cab. BTow did tho messago eomo ?' Harris' blank look stopped mo. ' What timo did Lady Postlethwaito sond ?' ' Lady Postlothwaito, sir ! I never mentioned her ladyship. I was saying that cook says the boiler pipe is froze up, sho thinks, and sho wants to know what sho is to do about your bath aud tho kitchen firo ? Sorry to disturb you, sir.' I laughed it off to • Harris, but I felt annoyed, and tho annoyanco .lusted all that day and lato into tlio night. I droamod of that soaled packettill morning. Now I was opening tho envelope and discovered tlio contents to bo a monster poster of ono Colonel St. Georgo's afternoon teas ; or I was hunting frantically for that key through piles and pilos of old rusty bunchcB whioh Letty, her eyes full of tears, throw down before mo ; or I was reading the will and turning tho pages over in vain searoh of the last sheet, while tho Colinel laid his heavy liand on my shoulder and sang his jovial chorus in my ear. Always tho two togother, and always connected by somo notion of foul play and derision. I awoko fatigued and iinrofreshod and seriously concerned about iny state of health. I had 110 timo to attend to it just then, howevor, and by midday had almost forgotton my troublos. My friend asked mo to dinner to moot another schoolfellow, a young doctor named Mellor. Wo lookod in at tho theatro after dinner, aud thoy both walked homo with mo. Wo had a good deal to talk over about old times, und lingered, sauntering up and down ouo sido of our sober,old-fashioned squaro,almost deathlike in its stillness aftor tlio noisy Strand. At last I ran up our stops and ring tlio bell, then suddenly turned olull aud faint catching hold of Mcllor's arm. ' What's that ?' 'This?' euid Mellor, surprised, stooping uud picking up n white long-foldo.l paper that lay at my foot. • Something of yours. I did not sco soo you drop it, though.' I hold out a shaking hand. ThU could bo to delusion. I touched, I held, I saw—distkictly as over I did—Lady Postlothwaito s will. I turned it ovov. I saw in tlio bright mowlight tlio red ribbon fastened with the great rod seal. I read the two gotliio letters • J. P.,' and saw.tho endorsement, intjioprociro old hand : ' Elizabeth Postlothwaito, Fobruaiy 10, 1888.' I know Mellor was wondering at mo ns I stood gazing stupidly. Then enmo tlio clatter of a boy's foot on the pavement nnd a youth | cantcrcd up gaily. 'Begpardon, sir. Havo' you seen a parcel? Yos, sir; that's it. 'rhought I must liavo dropped it hero. Lott a note in your box from Johnson and- Palliser just now. Tho front door opened, lotting out a blazo of gas, in which I saw iii my/hand a commonplace parcel, fastened with an ordinary twist of string, with no rosemblauco to tho will but in si'zo. I gavo it up in sucll confusion that Mollor looked oddly at mo. ' Arou't you woll, Austen V ' I dou't know. Come in, I want to consult you.' Ho looked serious over my story, askod a string of questions and ondod by pronounoin^lt ■ a caso of hallucination, brought on by debility and overwork. Gould I not tako: a holiday at onco? ... Idomurrod. Next thing to impossible iu my fathor's absonco.. .. ' Tlion I'll write you a proscription for a composing draught. Lot mo know how you fool after a night of unbroken sleep. ' Ho did so. I had a night of sweet, dreamless sleep and felt so well noxt morning that I' wrote in tho joy of my lioatt to say so; • I was interrupted by my clerk boforo I niul finished tho first fow lines. Wlion I scad them ovor they ran as follows : , ' you'without fail to-morrow, aa you dosiro." I threw tho pon down in a sort of piinioi My mind was going; I folt convinced of it I sent for Mollor, who looked gravor than boforo. ' You. must havo furtlwr advice. I may have o-ordono that slooping draught'and' it is tvking its rovbngo. I cau't bo suro. .Hero is the addross of a first-rato man—a specialist. Go and talk to him.' I promised I would. Tho groat man ordered mo away -without loss of timo. Ho also gavo' mo aiiothor variety of slcoping stuff. I took it with tho most singular rosult. It soomod to doprivo mo at once of all volition, whilo leaviug' my senses as acute as ovor.. Harris bade mo'Good night,' and loft mo, beloiving me to bo sound asleep; but though I had boon utinblo to roply to him by a word or by tho lifting of tin oyolid, I could hear overy movement no miulo, and follow tho sounds, by which I know tho houso was boing olosod ior tho night. I lay so for moro than an hour, and then' in tho samo strango, mesmerized condition I got up and drossod, lot iny-solf qustoly out, and, I hardly know how, found myself on my way to Lincoln's Inn. I ipu' tlio keys' of tho offico with mo, though I had no rccol- ' lection of bringing them, and lot myself in. I noxt romomber oponing tho tin box with' Sir. J. Postlothwaito's namo still outside, and searching among tho papers there. I found as I know I should, a duplicate copy' which my father had had miulo of tho •will,' but not of tho codicil. I brought it away and also tho sealed envolopo containing the bookcase key. I loft all sal'o, nmdo my way' homo, and sank into a long, dreamless, refreshing sleep that lasted till Harris woko mo. The copy of the will lay on my drcssingtablo and tho koy besido st, I sat and looked at them in a sort of a ponic. Then a suddon determination soizod mo. I would go at onco to Lady Postlothwaito and seo if, onco brought into contact with tho realities, my visions might not of themselves doirart. Thcro was no harm trying. I mado a rapid despatch of tho day's business and drovo down—lato as it was—to tho Dsodaras. Tho littlo maid servant had disappeared and a hulking man in a smart livery oponod tho door. Ho stared at mo for a roply to my inquiry. I ropoatod it—' Is Lady I'osHothwftito at homo ?' ' Lady Postlothwaito St. Gaovgo is nob at homo,' was tho astounding answer I r»ceivod. I stood in surprised consternation, Tlio door was closing in my faco. whon a youu'' lady, who was crossing tho hall, turno l and looked at mo, and with a glad • cry ran forward and caught mo by tho arm. It was Miss Dorrian. Sliodrow mo in without anothor word, past tho staring servant, into tho room whoro wo had first met. ' Sho was afrnid you were not 'coming. Did you over get a letter from hor F' ' NoAer. But what does this mean, Lady Postlot-waite St. Georgo ? Has shoinarriod that man?' Lotty olasped hor hands and looked piteously in my faeo. i Oh, is it not miserable ? What can havo possossod hor ^ Did you know or guess anythin;' of it whon you wera lioro ?' ' Nothing. How should I ?' ' Sho may havo boon married to liim ovon then. Wo doi ,'t know whon or wliera it took. Since. Sho must havo boon iufauatod, p'jotear, and then ashamed of it. I know sho kept tlio secrot as long as ho would lot hor,. but he got impationce and wanted to come hero as master. Aro you staying hero ?' ' In lies houso ? No indeed ! I loft tho. very day I licaard it. I took advantago of his beiug away to-night to como and roo her. Sho was so overcome I hardly. new how to leave hor. I will tell hor you are lioro at tho prosont.' Soo hurried awav and I waited, looking around me. Tho honso had mifforod visible change and deterioration. Tho room smelt of tobacco, empty soda-water bottlos littered tho sideboard, a crumpled sporting paper was stuffed into tho cushion of tho door old lady(s chair, arid a card of racing engagements was ptuck in poor Josiah's frame which like ovorytliiug else, was thick with dust. Lotty reappeared directly. ' You aro to como to her at once, and you uro to bring tho will with you if you havo tho key.' I took out tho koy with a curious fooling that I had done it all boforo, and know exactly what would happen nevt. I could see tho packet through the narrow slit of glass but tho lock refused to turn at first. I withdrew tlio key, and found a tiny morsol of wax clogging tho wards. Then I tried again, this time with sucess. Tho packet was just as I had seen it when Lady Postlethwaito and I loft it thoro. Lady Postlothwaito was in hor bed-room cowering ovor tho firo, wrapped in a big drossing-gown in which she stood griovously small and shrunken. Hor faco was drawn and aged, and tears camo into hor oyos as sho hold out. a shaky hand to mo tight as if fooling somo comfort iif' tho clasd of my fingers. I wisli it wero your good father that had como, Mr. Phillip. H(?d maybo havo had moro pitty for mo than you young folks. I've boon a foolish old woman ond a vory unhappy oi1g.' ' Wo needn't talk about it iTCod wo ? Can't I do something to help you ? ' Yos, you can. I was just wearying to sco you. I'ao boon think 1113 that though I've mine all that's left mo of my own life, I must mako suro that others don't suffer from my macnoss. I want to go ovor that will again, Mr. Phillip, It'll stand good, you kuow. Poor Josiuh took eartf of that.' I gavo It to hor and sho turned,it ovor und over, examining it keenly. Then sho oponod it. ' Lord savo us !' sho cried. ' Look lioro !' Tho contents lay in her lap. So muny blank sheets ej foolscap, nothing else. _: Sho looked from'them to us once or twice. Tliea sho uai bolt upright, her eyes began to shino and tlie trembling of hor hands coasod ' My desk, Letty, quiok.' She foldedi the slicot togothor ami slowly and consideringly wrote a few linos on tho outer ono. ' Nowi Mr. Fhillip,'ean you and Lotty mako tho cnvolopo look as if it had novor boon opened i' Wo managed to do this by tho aid of a fresh ribbon nnd by carefully Bprendiug tho wax of tho now seal over tho plaoo whoro tlio old ono • had boon brokon open. - ; ' Now,Mr. Phillip, I shall want you at onco to draw mo a fresh-will oxaotly like tho old ono. How soon can "you do it f' 1 I liavo a duplicate horo now, Lady Postlotliwaito. You liavo only to sign ft. But tho ooditil, what' about tnat f And Colonel St. Ocorgo—you must consider him.' ' I liavo considered liitn. Ho will find a reinembranco there,' she nodded toward tho scaled paokot. 4 As much as I daro do for him now.' Wo wero interrupted by tlio announcement of tho doctors arrival. I wis glad, for 1 fancied I saw signs of feverish oxlinust ions in tho poor old woman.; I was glad, too, to lie,ir tlio namo ()f a man high in his profession. I knew him well by roputatiou. Lotty and I withdrow to tlio clieorloM dining-room, whoro I replaced tho paokot in the bookciwo and thon stood beside nor over tlio flrolcss ashy grafco, talking sorrowfully of tlio gontlo, usoful lifo so woofully out short. 1 Do you think her vory ill ?' sho askod. • I am afraid so. Can you guess what alls hor f' ' I think lior heart is broken !*'Lotty said with a cob. ' Ho don't ill-uso hor, as; you mcaii by ill-usage, but! alio lovod him anil liolievcd in him—and now sho knows him as ho is. Oh, it's oruol, cruel !' Wo woro again summoned to Lady Fostlo. thwnite. Letty trembled so as wo approachod tlits door that I caught her hand lialf-unconsciously to reassure nor, a!nd It was1 on our joiued hands'that thd old liidy's sharp" eyes glanced n* wo entorod. , Sho east ,a rapid interrogating look on iny faeo. I folt Lotty start and tho fingers thrill, warm to their tips'. I doliberatoly stooped ilnd' raised thorn to my lips, whilo Lady l'ostlothwnite's faeo lighted up with- ainusment, comprehension aud satisfaction, all in a flash. Tho doctor standing near hor had lost tho by-play. 1 I'm telling Dr. Vinoont what I'm aftor and lio's not objecting. Stay where you aro' doctor. Now,'Mr. Phillip, read that will over again.'. Ono bequest—that to ' my dear friend, Lottio Dorrian,' had boon left blank. I asked what sum I was to fill in. ' Fifty thousand pounds,' sho said firmly. Letty gave a cry and I hesitated. ' It won't bo all for horsolf,' sho went oil. 'I can trust hor. Lotty, you know my wishes and all I should liavo liked to do ;if I had lived a frco woman. You'll make good all I loavo undone, oh, dear? And . maybo, Mr. Phillip horo may givo you his holp if you ask him.' And tho ghost of a kindly twinklo shono in her eyes. The will was duly signed, tho doctor and his coachman acting as witnesses. Sho gave it to mo. ' Kcej) this aud tell no ono. Let tlio oilier bo opened first. Now, I should like j on to liavo this; it will never bo used ngaiu. Take it with my lovo, and good-bye. Stio placad Sir Joslali's massive chain and seal in my bawls; thou drew mo down uud softly kissod my forohcad. I never saw hor again. Sty fat'icr uas torribly concerned to rocoivu :V mhii to tho funoral of his good old friend directly on liis return. Wo both went, curionsto seo liow ovonts would turn out. It was an imposing aiFair. Tfco arrangements were of tho costliest description Colonel St. Gcorgo Postlothwaito, in tho profouudest of mourning, was, of course, tho ecntro of intorost, a spootaclo of heartbroken bcreavoinont. Invitations had boon sunt far and wide. Old-city friends of Sir Josiah's, governors of charitablo' institutions, tho local clergy, every ereatnro who could bo assumed to have tlio slightest clnim to such attention; Lord Lovant'and a train of aristocratic convorts rallied round thoir evangelist. 'I'hcro wero others, uninvited gues'ts who thronged tht ccmotory, ho ono know who or liow many, grieving sorely for their kind losfr friend ; nlul I fancied I could distinguish a scattering of tho tho poor dead Mrs. Postiethwaite's kin, an anxiotis-faco strnggliag set, to whom tho withdrawal of their' earthly providenco made tho future a very black look-out indeed. Tho Colonol was liberal in his invitations to tho sumptuous lunchepu which followed, at which he presided with subdncd geniality lie had resumed his piety for tlio occasion, aud his conversation was most odifying. •Now, gentleinon,' lib bogan, when tho servants had withdrawn, 'I am a plain soldier, and only accustomed to plain speaking. You all want to know, of courso, how. my dead wife has disposed' of tlio property of which, in hor life time,' sho was so faithfid a Btoward.' (I remit irrolovancies, howover improving.) ' So do I. Sho kopt hor own aifairs in her hands to tho last, and I wasn't tho man to pro vent hor doing so. Whatever slio did, sho did of hor own frco will, uninfluenced by mo. And I will say hero, that up to tho hour of hor death, sho was as cloar-lioadcd, right-minded a woman of businoss as any oni could find. Is it not so, Dr. Vincent ?' Tho doctor gave an emphatic assent. 'You must ask these gentlemen,' indicating my fatlior and mo, ' about her investments and about hor tostamontary dispositions, if tliero any ; but I tell • you,''gontlomen, that I do not expect to find any. Sho was not tho woman to trust: by halves, and sho know lior worldly wealth in my hands would bo blossed,' etc. ' Hoar, hear !' from Lord Levant. A thrill of consternation seemed ,to run' round tho room after this plain declaration; Tho charity officials looked blankly into ono another's i'aees, and tho hungry-oyod relatives glared on :iis with wolfish oyes as my father took tho key from mo. ' Lot's look hero first if you ploaso. If thero " is a will wo shall find itlioro.' Ho drow forth tho packet and handed it-to the Colonol, who with ar inorodulous shake of tho head, opone'd it. Tho sight of his wife's handwriting inside made him pause and looked wildly around. 'This is private—not a will,yousoo. It is nothing, nothing.' He dropped into his chair, whilo tho blank sheets of foolscap strewed tho floor at his foot, keeping his hand clutched tightly over his wifo's last message. His faeo took a ghastly liuo. Ho drew ths nearest decanter to him and poured out a glass full. It was clear my timo had come. I gavo tho circumstances as briefly as I could, referred to Colonel Gsorgo's own tesiniony as to his wifo's state, and produced tho veritable last will of Lady Postlethwaito. Tho hungry-eyed relatives grow serene and pluoid as tho reading wont on. the charity officials shook hands with ono another, and my fathor' blessed his soul' copiously when it ended. They all camo crowding round mo to examine it and question mo as to tho dotails, trad in tho confusion Colonol St. Gcorgo Postlothwaito disappeared from our sight forover. So did Lady Postlotliwaito's dressing case and a largo sum of ready monoy which was known to bo in tho iiouse. \- Colonel St. Gcorgo is sorely missed by a largo circle of believing followors, and I hear still more ho by a largo circlo of unsatisfied creditors. ' Aud to think that if tho scoundrel had only loft tho will alono ho would liavo sucoccdcd to, tho wkolc. Tlio poor old lady would never havo known that her subsequent marriage invalidated it. A quarter of a million lost for the want of a little ordinary leaal knowledge. Bless my soul!' says my | father. —The Argosy. | 