1 Topical Taps. Friends, " ' Christmas N Is at hand. ; At this usually . # i Very festive season ' It is right and proper to wish to all A Merry Christmas; < » a m " And we do so with the utmost sincerity. . i, , Therefore, beloved, let us proceed i a i 'To comment in a light and airy manner on men and things. Moses was of a retiring disposition— he got out of the rush early in hie. .9 ' ' 9 A South Sea Island belle says she had . ' very little on 'er ia her own country. !> The "Emu" says he has a young lady . friend so modest that she won't speak of \- ' poetry. She calls it ohambertry. 1 : . , I ! Druggist (awakened at 2 a m ) : " Well, ; That ia it P" Customer i " It's a boy. Get up !" a a li i ..... . Fas more than oanningneaa in Bpeeoh I . It haa a meaning grim i To Bay that Satan geta a man ; Beoanae of synonym, ® # The enterprising individual who is erga- 1 Qiflin a. brass band of twenty women aaya that,if they learn half ae many " airs' as they put on, the experiment cannot fail to .-be a success. |.r v . ' No man ever talked of his work without saying something, about its great mental .Bfcraih. We suppose that even the wood- r chopper think itis-braiu work that makeB Lhim so tired at night. . : . Someone Bay b "no thoroughly occupied vinan was ever miserable." That man ' evidently don't know what it is to attempt the . feat - of keeping twin babieB quiet while their mother goes to ohurch. i Marriage or Mb. Jot to Mibb D. Bates. .No more "D. Bates," but always Joy ? £ -The bride In her new home, Hath happiness without alloy, And hopes for " Joy a" to ootne. , A young lady writes asking how she can get- rid- of her beau. Did she ever try r dropping a red-hot file down the back of : his neck P TMb will frequently discourage a young man when all other means have failed. . A financial conundrum . Mr Phunnyman: " Why dops a widow beoome such an object of interest P" Mrs Phunnyman .- "Beoause she is left a loan." Mr P. : " That's capital.'' a a Florence (six years old) : " Mamma, do dogs get married P" Mother: "No, my dear." . ; Florence : " Then what right has Hark to growl at Jennie when they are eating their breakfast P" o # Billy Goldsmith asked Boxer Major what paper Jackson was representing in (London, Knowing that as a scribe Jaceson .was not much more of a e access than Sullivan, the Major answered '' None;" " Yes he does," quoth the giddy joker, " he represents the Sydney Punch.'' The markets pnah saved William's life. O 9 O " That's what you get by poking your . pose into other folks' affairs," said the .. .oyster to the rat, which hod just left some Of the skin of his snout between his Suddenly -closed shells." . " That's what you get for not keeping yonr month shut," said the rat to the oyster 'a little later, as he made a second and more sucoeEsful attempt to seonrea #aintymeal. _2 Misb Gusher : "I have just lieaid from ! our mutual friend, Mies Joribanks. She has married A. Bellcorde, E?q," Miss Crusher: " Fortunate girl !" Did ' they take a wedding tour ?" . ' Mies Gnshor : " Hia employers could not . spare him. He drives a van for Wright, Heaton and Co. . # # # Mamie is living with her strict old maid aunt. The other day she was asked :— ' . -,'Mftmie, why is it that you alwayB go go out and use the hose in front in the evening just when the young men are taking their.eveniDg walks, I hope it isn't to make mashes P" " Mamie's response: "No, aunty, that ' isn't the kind of hose to make mashes with." 9 We have r.- ceived a copy of the J ournal of Microscopy, and ate rejoiced to learn apropos of Diatomaeem that the A9terom- phalns or aaterolampra is identical with j the astcrolainpra variabilis. We have had our suspicions of this for some time past, j though wo kept them to ourselves. But that one species of the tiiceratum ehould have irregular polygonal co'ilulntioa instead of the- regular hexagonal article is, wc "" must confess, a littlqbit of a surpsiae. a . A Sydney man last woek was ecrnswhat astonished when he received the following despatch from Melbourne signed by an Adelaide friend : _ ." Telegraph my wife I will be detained in Sydney a week longer. That deal hangs . fire., - Sign my name." The Sydney man did as requested, but he cannot help wondering what his friend was doing in Melbourne. # "Father," said the young son of Deacon Sqnibbs, " What is the difference between a man who dyes wool on lambB and a . Society editor P" "Well, now, really, my sen," beaming benignly on his offspring, " I am not pre pared to state. What is the difference P" " Why, pa, one is a lamb dyer and tlie other a — " "What! what? my son!" "Sooiety editor," continued the youth, - rolling his tongue arouud in his oheek. . » » A very defiant young man with a " what- are-you-going-to-do-about-it" air, went into a well-known embroiderers the other day and manifested agitation in. the handling of a little box he was opening. The cause appeared later. The box . contained a pair ol white Bilk'gartezs, with silver claBps, representing a five barred gate fastened by a padlook. His directions were for an embroidered . inscription to be worked upon the elastic and the suggestive words were -. " Private grounds— notrespassing." 9 9 "I'm far too young," said the pensive flea, " To subsist on the foaming biscuit I1' " What's the matter with me ?" gasped the chimpanzee. While the old ram oarolled " I'll risk it 1" '"Tie not for me," said the languid hen, " To tell, how the egg-plant oometh ; So I'll waltz me away to the sparrow's den \- Where the raaer his blithe song hummeth.!" ' " I die," said the oow to the fragrant moon, " I pino for the oontipede's friendehipl" \- ".Oh, ho-1" oried the Bnail, " nst a day too soon Have I taken command of the flagship !" And thus we may learn, 0, paralysed love, That.our youth has blossomed and perished ; To-morrow may oome, to-day may be gone, Bat where are the hopes woohetishedP f Hans Growyost, a worthy farmer, who bas been a lifelong resident of Ipswifah (Q ), has a shrewd w ife, who long reii-' dered his life anything kst a couch. <£" iobbb. . ,J' One (day, not long, ago, she, in a fit of pique, pioked ur kerf goods and Kfthim, vowing; never to etane -baok. The news went'jround among the neighbours— you know how. intelligence of all kinds doeB '' fravel in.tihe country— and at Qight several of them, of whom I was one, wetefc to con done with Hans. He sat on his front post puffing away at his pipe. "HanB," I remarked, "I pity yon." "My boy," replied the honeBt Dutoh- i man, as' he disturbedly knocked out the ? ashes of his pipe, "-n on vas right. She has ' ahnst come baok !" A lady friend tells of a very funny ' flhinir that oocuried at her home the oth' . It seems her little boy, aged five badly to go down the street wit' '' but was told, perhaps a little s' he could not go because he > and had torn his trouser tion with wSide open and sympatuetioey d terheart was evidently with B- „ ' missed them in a few „ ! minutes, but was f £ on <I«r whereabouts of £f« P- ' a of pain rnnm th, JJtnnV EnB'leci to the next vnW wtfi. Uv ' d0"n oa the floor, con- There was r JBhier at the funny sight:. ErToof i,Tn rD /r Bruvver on hands and sSni i ,-ce wet with tears, and howling -jnt not shrinking from the pain mother- ' him b? Sis8y- That hor fne- ounS lady was just behind him, j 1 expressing the tenderest sympathy rent .tfionsly sewing away at a big . in the seat of the young man's trou- . .a, nnd every now and then taking a Atoh in his fat flesh. The mother separated the hem-stitched hero from his trousers, while the baby seamstress hovered around anxiously inquiring "did Sissy hurt?" Last year twins wero added to a family, j and an odd thiDg about them is that thoir birthdays came on different days of the week, in different months, and in different years- One was born just before midnight on December 31, 1888. and the other just after the clock struck twelve, eo that the birthday cam9 January 1, 1889 m a a We take the following from the Echo of j November 26:— She: "Oh, John, I caught suoh a hideous-looking thing just; J now— iooked like a h or. not;, only bigger, with a sting fuily an inch long." He : "Where did you catch it?" She: "Bight on my sowing machine. Ob, it fairly reminded me of Satan.' He : " Likely enough. That's just the place Satan would choose to sow tares." » o Overheard iu a dining-room at the Boyal.— " Thorn are a thousand ways of making a fortune." " Yes, but only one . . . honestly." " Which one P " " I knew you didn't know it." 9 . « Do not suppose she caroo a song For you, though she is sweat as honoy P She'll only stick to you as leng My boy, as yon havo money. The " saide Lsid God'' occurs in the wiil oE the father of English. ieal-property law, Sir Thomas Lyttleton i " First, 1 bequeath my soul to Almighty God, Fader, bonne, and Hollyo Ghost, atvi to our most blessed lady and virgin sayrd:, Mary, moder uf our Lord and Jesus Christ, the only begotten sonne of our eaide Lord God, the Fader of Heven, and to St. 'Christopher, the which our saide Lord G od did trnste to hereon his Bhouldeis," &o.; 9 e o Ope of the unfathomable mysteries of this life is to n aiders taud how a hand cuffed criminal can jump off a train when it is going at tb o rate of forty miles an hour and eEcape injury, while a man who never oommitce d a wrong iu his life can not step off a tr aiu running at a speed of six miles an hour without ploughing up two or three feet of earth with his nose, or having a leg crushed off, or his £kull fractured. It only proves the liandovffs should bo worn by all two-wrists. » o "Could you tell mo," he asked, of the clerk at the laundry, and his voioo quivered with expectancy, " if they have engaged an Englishman lately at the laundry P" "No, sir," replied the clerk, confidently; "they hire' none but women. Why do you ask?" "Well," isaid the stranger, sadly, " it is of no importance now, but .from the appearancie of the shirts and collars that I got pack this week I didn't know but I had, a olue to Jack the Eipper." And he went out with a. halo of disappointment bovtirisg about him. » A well-know",i alderman reoently took a cab to his residence, which ia. near the old cemetery, an d offered the raan eighteen- f pence, which, waa just his legpl fate and no more.a Cab'oy looked at ths coins, slowly . deposited I (hem in his pocket, and said, pointing to hin hearse, " D'ye see that little ; White 'obb -with the short lailP" "Yes," said the aider man, rather puzzled, "what about hint?"" ".Ob.nothraE; only I hope, the , next fc..me you're brought here it'll be by-v , black 'ess with a long tsul I nia', sir)'." ® He 'nesj .tated, and ho Blood Lfnosntain. at the gats ; Fte raised tne latoh — took in hia breath 6-s fir,h take in a bait. Ho 'looked about him, but oonld boo Mo living mortal near ; . Hn listened, but tho night was late, And nothing oonld he hear. " I'll kiss her,' quotb he to himself, "And yet I fear — but why P She oertainly does love me, for Last night I heard her sigh." " John, oan't you Bee it's getting late P Don't keep me here— now do, Do kisB me, if it's that yon want, And get a move on yon !" \- 9 9 "Well, auntie," said Mabel, after pulling heiBelf together from the demoralising effect of a journey from Adelaide, " the more I travel the more I am afraid of death." "Why does travelling make you afraid of death p" " Well, whenever I am engaged in dressing myselE in one of those terrible low berths in a Pullman, I simply think, with a shudder, of what a time I shall have making my toilette in that contracted casket when Gabriel sounds that awful trumpet. # # .Man finds any amount of fault with 'woman, yet works tooth and nail to get - her. He oalls her extravagant, yet yearns to, pay her bills. She's heartless, but he devotes months to finding where that heart should bo. She's tickle, yet ho fightei'or a place— the place — iu hev affec tions. She's timid— yet he, noble Being, has ecarage for two. She's a fraud, hue a darling. She's a goose, but a duck. She's. eaippy and sweet; Bbe's lithe and graceful, and dainty, and dear— yet change able- as .the' wind.' In face, she's " a chameleon in the very latest style of spots and dots and feathers and fixings. She's a most desirable article of household furnishing, and there are mighty few men that can get on without her. Wiliio— " Shall I ohBnce my collar, Charlie, before I go to see her ?" Charlie — " No, but if you don't want to kill her tho first round yon had better change your socks." I Smuggles : " I have just discovered that my wife is the best friend I havo in the world." I Buggies : " And I have just discovered that my wife is the best friend that young Dsshway hss in the- world." b Teacher— " What is an ainpbibionB animal?" Bright Boy— " Somothiug that's in the water and out of it ac the same time." Teacher—" Desotibe anything amphibi ous." Bright Boy—" A girl in Bwimming when there's boys on the bank.'' a o He had come to ask her daughter's hand in marriage. The old lady had been ner vously awaiting the nour of the interview, and, when he seated himself beside her, fastening hiB eyes upon hers with an ap pealing look, all her pent-up feelings broke loose, and without waitiDg to hear the object of his mission she launched forth what she had to say, "No, no; I cannot consent, my dear sir. Do not ask me. It is impossible, I assure you. I feel just as if you-bad stolen in here like a thief in the , night, come to carry away my ewe lamb." He heard her through, arose, walked majestically towards the door, and then, turning, said slowly and proudly," Madam, if I cannot have the family lamb, will yon excuse rue from continuing this interview with tho fatuity mutton !" » » » hi, -billy, run up to the bloomin.' office and;get ten dozen more. there's a riot among my customers 'cos i can't supply em fast enough. 9 9 . - 9 Scene: Registry offbo for births, mar riages, and deaths; persons waiting ; enter registrar. First applicant, young woman wishing to register birth ; many questions asked and answered. Registrar (still thinking of births, to applicant for mar riage license): " Boy or. girl P" Applioant for marriage license: "Wby, girl, of course." Registrar : " Ob, there is no of course ' about it ; it is a mere matter of ohance." Explanations and curtain. # # 9 . " I say, John," said a man to his friend yesterday, going by a large bnilding devoted to the shoe manufacture, "what does that sign mean P Sbeit P 'Female Strippers Wanted.' " " Oh, that's noth- \- ing." "But it's something. Danced funny, don't you know. Where are weP" " Why,' that's ashoo manufactory." " Oh, I thought it might be the stage door of a burlasqae theatre." O 9 "Come, oh, come and join me in the fold/.' exhorted an Evangelist of a fair yonng ohorus lady harrying by. "How long'll it take P" asked the good- humored girl. . "Wo have constant and iinremittent prayer -throughout, the day, and in the evening- — " "What, and me with two rehearsals, the show at night, aud promised to dine at Paiig House with Chariie from Melbourne ; but I know a lady friend, an awful nice girl, who's out oE an engagement " But the tub- puncher had fled, " She sat beneath a willow, tree By banks of gurgling streamf And guehod of the. surrounding lea, The ennlight's glistening beam, - ' The foliage of yonder wood, The soent of new-mowh hay. The sheep and oattle at thoir food The lovely Summer day ; < But soon she roeo and leaped and screeched-— And squirmed c-Hfinph to kill her And towards her epine phe wildly reached— It was a flea that bit her. a e a As the steamer wai about to leave for Melbourne the other evening, a yonng man, leading a blushing.' and buxom damsel by the hand, approached the polite steward and said, in a low and confiden tial tone : " Mister, me and my wife ;hava jest got married, and are looking for accommoda tions." " Looking for a berth, I Bupposp P" said : the steward. "A birth ! Thunder and. lightning, no 1" gasped the astonished rustic. " We hain't but jest got married. We only want a place to stay all night, you know ; that's all." SEEN AT THE TREATBE. 9 w "Ho w long his Mr Caraei. boon married P" " About sis months, I fcbink. Why P" " Oh, nothing. I saw a sign ' boy Wanted' hanging in his office window this morning. « The watermelon comes again, "On greedy lips to sweetly melt; And Johnny, feebly, will complain, Because it hits bolow the belt. Oar neighbors, the WeBleyan Centennial Hall push, seem much exercised over " The last snarl of Bacchus." " Sentinel " says any fool knows what that is, "the beggar was shbiif." » Overheard in the Block Maria.— -"Wot, Bill, jagged aginP" "Yers— 'nl blank well deserve it, too." "How's that P" " Oh, I busted into a woman's bedroom- found. her bloomin' dress 'angin' up— I could feel a purse in her kick somewheres, apd blow me if I wasn't ares enough to stop there a-tryin' to find the pocket!" " Well, I'm if you ain't a disgrace to theolorfch!" Mies Lovely: "I understand that the prettiest woman in town had a coarse, thiok lip. that came from having been allowed tfhen she was going to Bleep to pnt her thumb in her mouth." Miss Ooeanspray : " Yes, I understand so, too, but she has changed." " Miss .Lovely : " Changed P" Mira Ooeanspray : " Yes ; she sleeps with her husband's thumb in now." \e Little Bobby (six- year-old) : Mr. White- ohoker, won't you please tell me where the new baby came from P" " Rev. Theophilns Whiteohoker: "Yes, sonny. While mamma was asleep the angels came and brought the baby from I heaven." Bobby; " Oh that is the way of it ! Papa Bay a you know more oat than any one else." : 9 n What the lady correspondent wrote fit is: so hot here that we poor girlB are almost baked." As it appeared in print : "It ia so hot here tnat we poor girls are . almost naked." Editorial explanation in next issue : " An nnfortnnate error of the types, &o.; Of course, what ont fair correspon dent wrote was ' faked.' " Advertisement in next isane : "Wanted— A thoroughly reliable proof reader. Apply at the office or this journal." # The agent for the letting of a certain mansion, not a thousand miles from Viotoria-atreet, was going his rounds the other morning, when he heard sounds of a baby crying in one of the zooms on the second landing. On his return to the office he oalled his clerk— " I thought I told yon not to let, under any oiroumstanceB people with ohildren." 1" Nor did I, sir. That 'un was bom here." "H'm. D—d nuisance! Just go up there and tell 'em this sort o' thing mustn't be repeated. It's aginst roles." a The little Crown Prinoe of Germany is "showing oharaoter" already. He was driving ont with his governess, and, as usual, the Germane cheered the little one or lifted their hats to him as they passed, to whioh the yonng prince replied by raising his. bonnet. At last he got bored with having to continually acknowledge the salutes of the populace. Flinging himself haok in the carriage, he said to his governess, " I am tired now, and shall not lift my bonnet any more to them no matter how mnoh they cheer." "Yon are a naughty hoy," replied the governess, "and tmless yon acknowledge the salutes of the people I shall not continue to drive with yon." The little Crown Prince sat up immediately. "Coachman," said he. The coachman looked round. "Stop the car riage; coachman," continued the five year old, "this lady will get out," with a lordly 1 wave of the hand towards his governess. And these cttbB are bowed to by those 1 ' nailing th emselvea m en 1 _ , "My wife, Mr. Perkins," said the hus band across the aisle of the street car. "Ah! Glad to see you, Mrs. Winters, Why, how you have changed in two weeks. " Changed t No one else haB spoken of it," she blankly replied. "Why, when I saw you with your huH- band at the theatre two weeks ago to night yon eoemsd to bs a girl of abont eighteen." 1 1" At the theatre ! You — yon— yu-I" Her husband had been winking and winking, bat near-sighted Mr. Perkins had seen nothing. The wife settled back, re membered that ehe was home alone with the toothache that night, and the frozen stare she turned on her husband as they got off covered the platform with a glare of ioc. She has asked for explanations ere this. a " Sentinel," said the Booster, " I'll bet yon two new hate yon get out of that ohair before I ask yon twice." " Done," cried " Sentinel," who had had more than one. "Very well then; get out, onoe." "Shan't," replied the touting friend. "All right then, I'm off to Newcastle to in vestigate that big dog - fight bnsiness. Shan't be back for three days. Yon can sib there for the two hats till Friday. Then I'll ask yon the second time." Then the watcher smole a aid smile, and groping in the drawer marked "corres pondence," he produced a half - empty Dottle of and asked if the thing conldn't be squared. It was. # " And have you left your place ?" queried the first, as they met in George- street." "Indade I have that," wastthe reply. "But I thought you went down to Manly to take oare of the children." " So I did, but I'm back again, as you Bee." " And for why ?" " Jealousy of the mistress. She didn't want me to wear my diamonds and silks of a Sunday, and if ever a gentleman made np to me and began to talk love she'd be sure to pinch the baby and give me an hoar's work to quiet it. I like the sea air, and I'm right at home wid the style, but I oan't be stepped on by the lady who has borrowed my best bonnet and hose all winter." « a o A natural shook is generally imparted by the intelligence that some thiok-set, bald-headed, queer-looking man of fifty winters has "gone off" with a yonthfnl spinster, or that some portly mother of eight ohildren has accompanied some baohelor, much her junior, to the hymeneal altar— yet some wild romance as this crops np now and then in the columns of the daily press. This just shows that the stern parent who frowns on love affairs, and quenches flirtation whenever sua. peoted, may sometimes fix his or her eye on the wrong objeot all the time. Instead of . wedding some impecunious giddy acquaintance of similar age, pretty Maggie or, eilly John may do mnoh worse, and Btartle the world at large either by eloping with pa's own friend or marrying some woman as old ss ma. The objeot of this paragraph is patent. Something of the kind has happened recently. a "Home," was the word tkat he whispered low, As over bie form they bended ; Dim was his eye's onae brilliant glow, His journey was sorely ended. " Home," he whispered, and raised his head, Fiom the arm where it was reolining, And with wistful longing the word he Baid That was full of unspoken pining. " Home," he whispered j bnt useless quito Was his plea ; the police grew harder, In the station they looked him up all night, And charged him with drunk and disorder, nnder howler e a " Twenty years ago," said the passenger with the red ribbon in his button-hole, " I knew that man whom yon saw get out at the last station. He was a yonng man of rare promia », brilliant intelleot and shrewd mercantile ability. Life dawned before him ia all the glowing colors of fair prom as. He bad some money. He invested it in business, and his business prospered. He married, a beautiful young girl who bore him three lovely ohildren——" The sad-lcoking passenger, sitting on the wooden-box : " All at one time P" The red ribbon passenger : " No, in biennial instalments of one. No one dreamed that the poor-honse wonld ever -be their home. Bnt in an evil hour the yonng man yielded to the tempter- He began to drink beer. He liked it and drank more. He drank and encouraged others to drink. That was only fonrtecn years ago, and he was a prosperous, wealthy man. To-day where is he P" The olergyman in the front Beat, solemnly : " A sot and a beggar." The red ribbon man, disconsolately: " Oh no ; he is a Member of Parliament, and owns a brewery worth <850,000." SfllttfltilWflB it .will - r — — Thero'a a matter that's troubled us greatly, Audit's never been settled as yet, Wo should like to have some one inform us Whether Eve was a blonde or brunette. An amusing incident happened in Pitt- street yesterday afternoon. A young lady was passing along, conscious that she was " all right " and making a good appear ance, when suddenly hot bustle fell off. A yonng man saw the bustle fall, and shouted to tho young lady that she had dropped something. " Pick t up then," replied the young lady. The -young man did not obey her com mand, bnt passed on in silence. "What are you up here for, young man P" said the magistrate severely to a youth of rather tender years, who was brought into the dock. " T'rowin' stoned at a Chinaman." "That's very reprehensible, very. I suppose you never heard of the golden rale, 'Do unto others as you would be done by?"' "Yes, yer Honor; but dere's anudder motto dat goes for more at our house." "What is thatP" asked the judge, letting his curiosity get the better of his dignity. "De Chinese muBt go!" replied the youth, emphatically. a It is moonlight in the park. High above, in a faultless blue, a blue so soft that only the greater Btars can be seen, the moon, half in eclipse, sails proudly along. Under the trees the little silver speckB dot the greensward and the narrow patbB wear the color of the autnmn night, black and silver. The night breeze is light and little warm currents play around the turns in the shady walk and among the foliage. The footfalls of lovers are as gentle as the flatter of the drifting leaves. Voices are low and soft ; all voices, for even mc-n in the spell of moonlight seem only to have that for woman's ears which' must bs whispered. And so they pass away and disappear. They seem to vanish into air, but as you stroll along you hear a ru3tle, a little bit of a cough, a movement, and there in the shadow on abenoh two figures are dimly outlined, and in a voice of tender tone, as if her common sense were willingly yielding to a pleasantor sensation, yon he3r her say : "How many other girla have yon said that to P" You don't catch his answer. You don't need to. Yon know he will lie if neceB- 8ary, and it will probably be necessary. But a very simple oath satisfies her, and silenoe falls behind yon as you get out of sight. m a -Papa had taken little Willie ont for a walk on Snnday afternoon. When tbey came home Willie said he had been in the tram. On the following day Willie's tongue ' loosened— as is generally the oase. Said he: "Ob, ma, me and pa had a nice time yesterday." " Did yon, darling. Don't the little boy like to go ont with his papa P" "Yes. 'Cause he takes me to such nice places." " Now, where did papa take my little darling P" " On, to a big house. Went in the tram there. Yes, ma, it was a nice house, and ' there were lots o' ladies there who gave me fruit and nice things." " That was real kind of him." " Yes, ma; and we had lots o' cakes and had some water which buzzed like our lemonade. Oh, the ladieB were awful nice to papa, too. They kissed him and called papa pet names like yon do sometimes." " They kissed your father P" " Yes, and he kissed them back ; and they said he was anioe papa. And, ma, I said I wonld tell yon abont them, and the ladies said -they were papa's annties." It is needless to remark that the storm whioh broke over papa's head that evening caused him to do some gigantic lying and made him inwardly vow that it wonld be many moons ere Willie wonld again be taken ont for a walk. o « All through the long bright summer day, As I lie on the glistening sand, And see the ooo! waves dashing spray, With seaweed drifting towards the land ; Or rest in some sweot, leafy glade, And watoh, os through a golden sieve, The Buulight filter through the shade, I feel that it is good to live. And when— despite the snnset'e frown His abdication ever wins— King Phoebus lays his sceptre down And sweet Queen Dian's rule begins, I sit and watoh her silvery beams To earth immortal radiance givo, No doubting thought within me gleamB ; I know that it is good to live. But, at tholaBt, when from afar The shadowy dusk is lost to sight When darkness, pillowed on a star. Lies dreaming in tho. arms of night ; I wake from thoughts of rapturous bliss, . No heart beats warmly next my own, .No sweet lipB parted with a kiss ; : One of the Kangaroos paid half a caser for a practical joke early one morning last week. A man oalled the previous evening and asked for work. Billy said he had a job, and pointing to the high Bide gate of an adjacent pub, told the man to be on hand at daylight next morning and white wash the gate from top to bottom. The joker was on hand to see the job done. The man bad got half-way through when Mre Coffeepot saw him, and nob waiting to dresB, started in to chew him np. He ran and she after him, till she fetched np against Sergeant Mulqueeny, and asked him to take the man into onatody for dis figuring hor premises. Then the man named bis employer, and Billy had to pay arf a ball to square it. « An astronomer from Harvard Observa tory some time ago propounded this problem to a number of fellow-savants:'- Suppose tbat three snakes, eaoh two feet in length, ehonld catch eaoh other by the - tip of the tail, thus making a oirole Bix ' feet in oironmferenoe. Suppose that eaoh ' snake ahonld begin to swallow the one in front of him. In what way wonld the resnltant flgnre, after eaoh snake had swallowed the one in front of him, differ from the original circle P There were many diverse opinions upon the subject, some of them entering the consideration of the fourth dimension of spaoe, because any one of the snakes wonld have Bwallowed the two in front of him and yet have been swallowed by the two in back of him, and, therefore, would be both inside and outside his two fellowB. ' © 9 Dimly the taper seems burning, night and day is but darkness to me ; Life, like the ebb-tide, ia setting its oourse to . the far distant sea Bring me that vase on tho mantel, ere the loveot this world shall be o'er ; Ero my senees be dormant for over, " Let me see those sweet flowers once more !" In my dreams I oft wandered among them, oaressing eaoh sweet- scented spray ; But alas! for the pleaeing delusion, disap pointment returns with the day ; Yet, a mild voice lay hidden among them that tells of a happier shore. And it Bays : " Life ie fading and fleeting. Let me see those sweet flowers onoe mote 1" Let your laBt tears be mingled wi" blossoms, thomeedof the fair and the crave ; Let their fragranoe asoend to tho heavenB, as they wither away on my grave. For they tell of a bright, happy future, when the labonf a of life shall be o'er ; I would press my heart close to my dearoat, ooula I see the sweet flowers onoe mote . f It is stated that a mutiny was caused in an np country gaol by the action of a warder who was requested by Borne of the prisoners to get chem books. Being a kind-hearted man, he procured a mixed lot of old boobB at an anotion-room, and proceeded to divide them ont while thasf prisoners were assembled in the gaol yUJaK, "Here is a book for yon," he saidaBilar' it to a man who was in for prisoner looked at it, shooknpa handed it back. It Diseases of the Throat." got a small pamphlet. horse-stealing, bnt he thought thegaolcir meant something personal, as the title of the book was " Hints How to Boise Fine Stock." Still another, who is indicted for robbing the mail, got a copy of the " Postal Guide," while a gentleman, who is aooused of imitating another's signature, drew "How to Write a Good Hand in Ten Lessons." » a a Of all the insidious Temptations invidious Contrived by the devil for pulling men down, There's none more delusive eduotive, abusive, Than the snare to a man with his wife out of town. He feels snoh a doHohtfnln Stay- out-all-nightfulneaa Shall-I-get-tight P-f nlneas, I own it with pain. A baohelor rakishness, What-will-yon-take P-ishneas, None oan explain. Bogus butter - A goit without horns. 1 ' ' Wig sell is not an entirely inappropriate name for a barber, ia it ? Lovers' sighB are like long stockings, because they are heigh hoB ! A young lady waiting for her boy is something like an arrow, because shes always in a quiver when the beau comeB. Small Boy : " Pa, did you know ma long before you married her P" Pa : " I didn fc; ' I didn't know her till loEg after I married her.'' The following appeared in the Evening News a few. daye ago W anted, a body- maber> at Armidale." Good, useful men musfc be scarce -up there. 9 » "Ho! Nelly, where's Charlie?1' "9b I turned him up." " Did ycu f" queried : her pet friend. " The girla aay he turned you up.' ' Now they don't speak. « From a Sydney daily we clip the follow ing:— "At the Newcastle Police Court a woman has been fined the sum of 6s for cruelly'torturing a male fowl, the torture complained of being that Bhe did. wilfully pull and dress the said fowl and sscrste it .underneath her dress while still alive, and when taken therefrom the poor thing was dead. 9 9 A lady was walking George-Btreet one day lately when she trod ou an objection able banana skin, and came a cropper. _ A gentleman behind laughed. She, looking behind, said: "From what I see of you you aro no gentleman ' ' He retorted wiib, "From what I eaw of you, you are no gentleman." Innocence encloses following advt. from . the HbkaIiD : — !» TE C NTTB8E Wanted, muBt be yomg and yV numarrkd; excellent homo. Apply Dr. Clark. Walker- strooi, St. leonarde, botwoen 0 and 10 or 1 and 3. She saye : I am a young girl from the oonntry. Would I require any references bb to respectability and experience for above situation P -» » Oh the fly, the horrible fly, Making ns arose and ready to die ; Making ua cry wlwrevcr we lie — Oh the fly, the horrible fly. Ob the roatleae little thing, . Bothering our lives with its tiny sting, Buzzing their wiogB, making us sing— Oh the fly, the horrible fly. Oh the wretobed life we lead, Crawling this earth for flies to feed ; - Crawling indeed, calling in need — Oh the fly, the horrible fly. Oh the life we havo to bear, Rubbing our eyes, tearing our hair. Making ub swear with little care— 1 D — the fly, the horrible fly. \\\|Allhe Central Police Court on Thursday ; ||'htcalmian was suing for hia fare. _ j Pgistrar Alf Edward (examining) : " Did \- you ask for your fare p" Cabby: "Yob." R A E. : " What did he say t" Cabby : " He told me to go to hell. ' R A.E : " What did yon do th< n ? ' Cabby: "I came straight t> jou" effise, sir." Banch : " A'Hum ! ! !" The following peculiar election circular is going the-rornds of one of the wards in the Borough of Camperdown, and wis brought under notice of the Council at their, last meeting : -Private and 00a- \- fiden'tiel. — My dear Madam, — As I am a candidate for re erection for your ward, it \- will give me great pleasure to wait upon you, and explain to you the improvements I intend to make if I get in, which I am sure will meet with your approval. — YourB respootfully, . . 0 Wo happened to he at a spree not long ago, and 'daring the night a member of the party (a'younglady friend) noticed wo wore a fusohia, and eaid, "Oh my, I am surprised to Bee you wearing a fusohia in your coat, and you a married man, too. Don't you know the meaning of it P Why it means a heart to let." We said, " Well, we do not study tbo language of flower 2 at all ; " to which the fair ore remarked, Neither do I ; I only know the meaning , of a few j and I very often get flowers I do not know the rn-aning of." 'One of our old roosters, who chanced to be in New Plymouth a few diys since, had . his attention drawn to a novel advertise ment, whioh reads as follows : - I WHEAP Moat for tbo million opposilo the Co- 1 xL J operative Storo, from Id to 2td per lb. I Widows and Orphans balf-prlco. W. BAYLY. I Our old rooster is somewhat mystiflcd. I He wants to know how tho' widows and I orphans aro dished up for bbIo at half- I price P Are tho widows converted into 9 brawn and tho orphans into sausages P 1 Perhaps the advertiser will explain. 1 ® ' j After dinner some young ladies were trying to worm ont of n pruafc the secrets of the confessional. "All I can tell you," I he sBid, after remaining muto to their I anpeals for some time, " is that my first : I penitent was a lady who ought to have been married." At tho subsequent ieoep- v I tion in the evening a youthful matron In Christian England last month a friendless girl' of nineteen, ene Annie Woodlake, some seven months advanced in pregnancy, was rccmtly admitted to &t; Luke's Workhouse. For neglecting to properly wash some garment, she was forthwith ruthlessly consigned to a ward set apart for the more depraved class of females. But her torture was not to end there. No 1 Whilst sojourning in this respectable society, she was accused by a female inebriate of having stolen a shilling. From this stage proceedings commenced to assume a livtly aspect. Nothing would sathfy the matron but that Annie should be stripped. Ana, lo . Annie was stripped— even untp her shift. Bab in order to cany this stern cuty into effect, it was necessary to employ tae assistance of three stout nurses. The missing bob was not discovered, so the poor victim of official tenderness was unceremoniously bundled back into the ward by a porter -let us hope with some thing else on beside her. chemise. Wby didn't they hustle her into the street, and have her arrested on suspicion P » . A lady who livee in DirlinghurBt was down in the ciiy a fe.v evenings since marketing. She had a large basket rull end was going to the comer cf Market- street for tho purpose of taking the trim for her home. She ha3 a.per'.ite end rather youthful figure, but she ia about fifty j eirs of age and has been a widow for a decade. A dapper young man, who was also a "masher,'' saw her, and approaching asked if he might not help her home with her basket. Now this widow hates dapper young men, and espeoially mashers ; therefore she told tho young min that he might see her home and oarry her biskefc. He thought he had made an lmmnBs hi, and he also thought in the dim light that the widow was a beautiful young lady. The widow transferred her basket to the dapper young man's arm and relinquished her idea of riding homo in the tram. In ord_-r than Bhe might have a large basket ful of fun she started with her eBCo t for a walk down King and George streets. The bisket got frightfully heavy in about five blocks, in ten it was a huge white elephant, and by the time the two reached the lady's gasidence it was one of the pyramids of Egypt, end the dapper yonng man was. badly blown and altogether br ken up. The widow rang the bell of her door and a 'grown young lady came, asking : "Why, what did you ring the bell for P The door was not looked." The dapper young man -almost fainted, and when the widow said, " Won't you come in, sir P My husband would be very glad to see you," he was paralysed. But he recovered quiokly and went away from there, and tnat woman has been having convulsive fits 0! laughter ever since, in which she is ably second, d by her daughter and the rest of the family The masher has been taking iron and quinine ever Bince to build up his strength, 9 9 9 THE THBEE BROTHERS. Three brothers we are, full grown and wed, And of (he three I am youngest ; To a fair yonng woman named Miss Wheat Was duly married my oldoet. My seoond brother married Miss Mill, And in the year following I oonrted a girl, and married her — Her name it was Miss Farthing. Ttvas on the eve of my wodding day I ro the company said : " It isn't often that yon bohold Tbreo brothers so.strangely wed. My e'dcBt bro'her has got tho Wheat, ' \- Tho seoond the Mill to grind, And, after the labor to number three, There's a Farthing left behind." 9 9 » A young man who had in his time sown wild oats, during the process of which he had f orm< d tho acquaintance of a nut nber of cabmen, had occasion one evening recently to regret the latter fact. He ia now married and a model husband. One even ing this week he attended the theatse with his epouse, and after tho .performance they went to supper. When they got ready to start £:ir homo it was after twelve o'clock, and the last tram had gone. The couplo strolled along past the court house ; he concluded to take a cab. Ho recognised big Jim M Sweeney, and quietly told him to drive to street, a very quiet and respectable locality. Now MSweeney knew nothing of the young man's marriage, When they reached tbe house of the young couple, the la"dy'go't" out' first and ran up the steps, and the "young man was fumb ling for his money,' when M'Sweeney in- \- nocently asked : "Shall I wait for you, Billy P" " No, you — fool, I live here 1" " All right, peek- a boo !" .replied the cab- . ! man, and he drove off,.chtabklihg to himself .that an old bird like. -.him --could not be young hna- TH3 MAIDEN'S PRAYER. A maiden of uncertain ago lo oatoha husband did engage, And having passed the prime of life la striving to booome a wife, Beneath an oak this ancient maid Knelt down, and fervently she prayed : " Send, sond me a husband, Lord, ' she oriea, While yet I may become a bride, Else I'll die without an early loTe, t And none to meet me in Heaven above.' And then an owl, perched up the tree, In deep bass tones oried " Whoo ah whoo! " And doBt Thou aek mo, dear lord, who? Why, any ' nan, dear Lord, will do 1" We take tbe following From an English paper : — " The mail from Australia brings an accouut of tho execution of two oon- yicts, calltd Bonnaud and Deslin, for the murder of one of their fellow convictB named Menessou. The murder was an atrocious deed, perpetrated in co'd blood. The two wretches bad tripped np and gagged MeneEsau, and: while one held down his head upon a large stone, the other deliberately sawed away the head with the lid of a preserve can. This work las'ed ia quarter of an hour in the presence of a number of convicts, who sat by with folded arms. The latter have been puaiihod with various terms cf penal servitude, while the tno murderers were -executed cu S ptimber 10 last at day break. B lnnaud was first handed to the ex cu tinner, a convict named Masse, avd behaved bravely on tbe scaffold. Ha addressed the prison governor in a firm voice, praying that mercy might'be shown to the witnesses of hia crime, and metkly gave himself up to the executioner. Deslin, who saw h's mate's head fall, and the kn'fe adjusted anew, displayed quite as much courage. Ho bid the cinvicts farewell, ex'iorimg them not to be in despair. Three hundred and fifty of the latter, in chains, were made to attend the execution bare headed, and kneeling on tho ground. a m In some of the suburban schools, you know, it is usual for the girls and boya to sit together in the higher as well as the lower classes. Such was the oase la tho school at One afternoon the head- master was giving us an obj- cb lesson on. different parts of the human body, and 1 daring the course of the lesson it turned npen the sympathetic nerve, and one of the girls eaid that " she once knew a young lady who U3ed to get up and go ou 1 walking in her Bleep.'' When she had finished, a young fellow got up and aaid that " he knew a certain yonng man who used to get np in hiB sleep and go out riding." On this there was a general cry : from the boys of tbe class, asking : " What f" Of oourse there was a laugb, and when the laughter Btopped the master , called out some of the pupilB to explain -to them a diagram he had on the black board, and the front di»ak was thus nearly left empty, the only ones in it being a few girle. Strange to say, they did not cloBei up against one another, bat left a space of about two or three feet between ' each girl. After explaining a few things, the- master, noticing the space between the girls, Btopped tbo leeson, saying : " "Wait a moment, and I will show you another thing." Then, turning to the girls in the front desk he gave the order : " Close up there!" And he is to ; ;tbe present time wondering why those ' girls got np from the desk and left the » : school. » " You are late," said the husband. " The service was unusually long," she . answered. " Your eyes are strangely bright." " They are Btill wet with the tears I shed when praying for jou " "Your face glows vith an unwonted rose color " " The church was oppressively warm." " In your veil I see a tiny rent through which your sweet lips smile at me." " Ah, yes ; I bit my lip3 in vexation and so tore the veil." " You were vexed P" " Yes, at leaving yoa to long." " Sweetheart 1 But jour dreeB is sadly crumpled." " I throw myself on the altar stops in an excess of devotion." " You aro an angel 1 But when I watched jou at the window jou did not como from the direction of the ohurch 5 you came from the street where there are so many bachelor apartment houses." " Yis; for the long service tired me — made me stupid. I wished to be blight and fresh when I returned to you. so I took a little walk." " How hot your Hps are P" "Because they burn with kiBses for you." Paul caught his wife in his arms and 