Sir jtafote Adelaide : Saturday. Mabch 16, 1889. ST. PATRICK'S DAT. ; Iriahmen all over the world wifl celebrate to-day their national holiday. In our own city there will be the Hsual procession to the Oral, where there will be sports of all kinda and 'lots ;ofjfun for young and -old.-' ? -Ia the evening (the old national songs will be sung, at the Town Hall, and generally erery tiling posafblej will be done to honour St. Patrick's Day. The proceeds gof- we believe, to thV funds of the Rational League — which ahowB, if proof were needed, that. T**i»*'hTf-i-fn _ hare -—take a real interest in the struggle in favour, of Home Rule, The occasion is a suitable one for reference to the chief events of IriBh hlfitory ednoe last St. Patrick's Day. How far have the efforts of Mr. ParafeD, backed by Mr. Gladstone and the Liberal party, been racceBaful?1 Has any real progress*' been -made:? ..Are sra-any nearer now than we were years agp to the time when Irishmen in Ireland shall enjoy that measure of -Belf-govenameat- which the majority of them so ardently desire and which Iriahmen and others in Australia poBaess? Have any prejudices been broken down, or do peoplestill speak of Mr. Parnell as the leader of a body or/men who have' stained their souls by altaring in outrages ' and murder ± : : , . r,z ? ,;: rriitt - 1 : In this last respect at least an improve ment in noticeable. . At the bye-elections fOT Parliament .the Natioaalistparty has won victory after victory, ahowing that the English people is realizing the nature of the conflict between those who arrogate to themselves the title of Unionists, and the rest of the British' people. But the greatest victory rua been gained for Mr. Parnell by the Times. Again and again has this paper challenged Mr. Parnell to disprove its assertions in a Court of Law. When Mr. Parnell accepted the challenge and brought an action In Scotland, the Times rods off on a technicality. But it has not been equally successful elsewhere. At the sittings of the Special Commission the letters from Mr. Parnell and others, which conduBively showed to the T»mes that heandhis party had incited to outrage, have been conclusively proved to be- forgeries, and the limes has offered a tardy, and in sufficient apology to the alleged writers. An apology for what ? For having held, them.- p.p :as.. liar* : and ^ murderers on the faith of letters derived from ' ar -notorwnsfy tainted source. Itis all^ery wellrnpw ior Ihe^ifiin^, on the conclusion of ite case, to assert that it looks7 confidently to the result of ; the enquiry, bu^ to -tell - the truth these letters were the keystone of its case. Apart from this; so %r asthe Auafcralian public have .,had.. opportunity of judg ing, its witnesses, with two or three exceptions, have only retold the old and deplorable story of outrages, or read the well-known speeches of Mir. Parnell's fol lowers;' The principal exception has been supplied by Thomas Willia Beach,' known to the world aa. Major Le Caron military organizer of the . Fenian Brotherhood. It appears irom this man's Bvidence that_he joined, the BroOierhood In 1865, and that from that time until February 1 .of this: year he kept the British Government regularly supplied with' '£5formaSon.*r~He ' took' 'the oath niith ,the,. intention , of becoming a spy, rand bo succMsf ully j had he managed matters that his fidelity had been never suspected- Le Caron swore that hi an Interview which he had with Mr. Parnell, the Irish,, leader nrgedjhim fcb stir up the Ameocan' party -to lake revolutionary measures In Ireland. It is sM^fly, upon, the oath of this oath-breaker,1 who told-the Commiasion that he had cornel forward becaow of the weaknen of the pVeVioilr evidence I Jr the pr o-56 catioD, that j tie TimesttJ^denaji relies upon a verdict; ? Meanwhile the wretched state of things 1 which has prevailed so long continues; In Ireland. ' -. .Jte' Balfour. tolls the story that -will be repeated to-night by the Lord Lieutenant in Dublin Castle, that 'deposits In Savings Banks are In creasing; deposits in ordinary Banks are increasing*; railway traffic is increasing; dwellings are getting batter; every mark of the increasing welfare of the population which we can look for in any quarter whatever presents itself to our view.' He does not think it neces sary to explain this increase, because his hearers, the Liberal TJnion of Ireland, understood him to mean that it was the result loriua XMmea Act, Other wise he. ,_jnlgbi, have added that every Chief Secretary had pointed to |he tocreaae ?ii 6fe.^depWt3 aaJ a sign of pros perity, and U^l.hM work! was especially easy, inasmnch-as- thfr. application of the /Plin rpf 'Camiaigii ha&\- eaatled te&ani;» in many pa^i-jto reserve for ihen|i-||yfa,..T«ba|.,cfdhiarUyr -die laud-1 lords^irouid'tove reaaiyeB. ' He might have addedr too^=Slr*the high price of cattle .^a3L\rifi6rerafc6?L;a6? iwith the; increase of the raEway^raffic than Bodyke] or Falcarxagk^caons.- Withia a few' hours' oXfiae^deliVe^^ in! which he said l&aT;^the feeling of the: people.towft^the- polica vis showing the! moat ,j)Iivioua, and manifest signs 'of ^prpvem^i' V ^a^cto^Marlib jwas.: a^r^e^|| ', iV? by .ith33.,jpopulac3. [at' &-*reedore. ?He. does t, not say whflat .tieliftnji, ^at '^^axpreas'' . of, families are' en^gratin^ to.free themselves from the grindiDg 'wretchedness . ol their lives \ in their ''owdl \ .'copntty. . JEfe does not; thfck It necefflarj^_to state— but Mr. Morley supplied ' the : omission a couple of days later— that during the jirecediflg ten months he; had on * an average shut up one priest a month In prison, or thai since the passing of the Crimes Act twenty-f our, members of Par liament had been in priflonor were taen awaiting the result of trial or appeal. Mr. Balfour declares. that he ia 'fighting the causa of Irish credit, the cause of Icish commerce, the cause ,of.,everythmg which is ta makelreland -great and prosperous in the future^', ; He Is doubUess sincere! in regarding jthis as his mission, but in the way i he;;- uj--: gohig^' to c work he | is maintaining- a hopeless struggle. : And if jiis - treatment of .figures .does . not add to. his credit, hls^.tareatment of political pmonera u a disgrace ? to the- British Government. . ,. 'Why UyM necesaaryi to humiliate such u .jk. ' man: asj^ 'William O'Brien? He is held in; sufficient esteem by '-his --5oantrymen^ alrekdy without the,. Government surrounding his head with , a 'martyr's halo. \ A political misdemeanant is not a common felon, and whether we sympathize or not with Mr, C^Brien'sieelings in the matter, common- sense should shew Mr. B-dfour that li would be bis wisest course; to respect, iiem., Bespite, the reassuring speeches^ pt &ea..; Irish Secretjary it is oertain that much jet remains to be done for Ireland, and it may^be added that the hope' of permanent mprovement is to be found in a very different direction from that in which it &; bebg; Bonght 'by Sir. Balfour. SomeiJi^iiBa' been^done, since last St. Patrick's Day to promote the adoption, of a more enfigntened'and^sta^esnwnjike policy, but the battle is yet far from being won. Mr. John Dillon, & leading member of the Home v£ule spaxty, -frill shortly be here,. bent upon the task, of removing misconceptions as 4x- the nature of the Irish claims -and of enlisting- help towards securing the establishment of Home Rule. vHe( may 'depend upon a hearty welcome from many besides his own countrymen, for the sympathy' in ,the colonies with the Iriah demand for. a reasonable -measure of Home Bule is' far more strong andf widespread than! those w.^o think. the worst of Ireland and, .thebest ofr^he manner ;In which she has1 [been governed are wiling to beli9ye. : h The GEHBait-DowKEs - Is cwest. — ISomeone in Melbourne or elaeshere has taken upon himself to give Information; to the Press of that city «n- the subject of Major-General Downea and the War Office which altogether misrepresents the facts of the case. It is difficult to con ceive of anything more incorrect than the statements which- have gained currency in the neighbouring colony, or more unwarranted than the comments, which have been founded upon them. Elsewhere we reprint a paragraph . from the Argus, which contains assertions which for a paper usually so well informed are -strangely ,srlde of the mark. It is stated for instance that 'the South Aus tralian Government has written to the Other Government of Australia upon the question: of the colonies being permitted to employ Imperial officers on tie retired list : without Iftelr being deprived of the amount of their pecaionsj ' )7e areajsured by Ministers that nothing of the sort haa been-done^ no commani c^tion,. official rbr;otherwIseK ^^having been made by them to' the Governments of th;e other coToniflB or to any members oi tho-|e Govenmieiitst Then It Is stated;that 'the necessity for ? the ? : communication his ariaen front the intimation convey edto the South AustiBlian. Government by t3'ue war, anthorities- that^Major-Generai Downea, who holds the position of Com mandant of the Military 'Forces of the sister colony, will nit be paid the pension to which he is. entitled aa, a retired army officer as long as iie^ may^act uiider th& local Govamiment' .TMa also, is: quite *^leadii3^.-r^fiair^th9^ Wa^ .Office Ipsfcted upon., was not : tiiat ;' Major General Downes aibuld forego, his pen don' ?=whilst--ioldfaig \ office ^naMi the cpldMal Go-rernmenty ,1rtit 'fejkt ..being, a retired officer he must not hold the posi tion of t)dnimandant; of the South Aus tralian Forces at; alL. It is' against this decblon-^Bo arbitoaiy, so unpi$cWeite& so unwarranted -by the ?mUl^^.^js^ula* tadhs--rthat the Govennaent of this colony protested aisfeandag^j-and Itr^aB r'b&| cause the 'War Office~refused to' give way that Major-Geuaral Downes^had' to' jBetid, In his resignation and the Governmanfc had, to accept it - It is;only-,a1|ew^ys' ago, and since -the acceptance, tliat the ,War Office ..on ... receipt, ..of,,. a fur-! the? , I '? 'nEnnopj^xaiise ' ^fronij* 'AdelaSie' agreed to allow the ibjos;.- General to contIi^ras'CoEKnan(J&nt; on sondjfcion; of his'fot^going'payment of his pansion whilst serving ni &st; .capacity. Imme diately upon-that'lHtli-daHoh reaching the i coIodv tiea-^eptaiice\\.of the resignation wps (^reUedjr.and Msjp-General Pownea ; al tils own request 'was reinstated. This ' ?urely ia proof enough, if any were panted, that Ae question 4t faWoe was? : not what our contemporary reprasents it! tos be, -and eontradicUon enough of the laseftton that **-the attitude assumed byl the South Australian authorities is fchat it is tmfair to force them to the alternative of providing the amount of Major-General Downes's pension, plus his salary, or of losing his services.' That never has been the atti tude of the South Australian authorities. They were called upon to give up the services of Major-General Bownea, and no alternative was hinted at. Possibly the Argua paragraph correctly states the reasons for the action of the War Office, but it will be noted that those reasons are scarcely consistent with the idea of the Major-General's retaining the post of Commandant by sacrificing for the time being his pension . The Australasian, probably misled by the same informant as, the Argus j adds taunts to misrepresehia- ; tion. Speaking of Press criticisms upon: the proceedings of the War Office our' contemporary says :— ' What they fail to perceive Ia that the South Australians are likewise playing a part that Is not i altogether free from mean ness. . The colony, In short, Is trying to get . the services . of a military expert on Oxe cheap; af .thW expanse' of the Imperial iSovernme^t. General Downes would no^ bg ? pEocurable on any' such terms aa the colony ^is io*s paying if , he were not' in receipt of the pension which is paid to him on . the assumption that he is no longer capable of service, in the British army.' The Australasian will be surprised to learn what it could have found oat for itself had it taken the trouble to turn up -the Atistralian Tear! Book, hot .-any qtlier equally ? acssiaible I authority, that what .South Australia pays; jtta.(^fimanaantis-jBl?'OOO a yesr, taeiiatne ? tamouni 'as' is ppiSTio the Commandant of ' the Yictorlan Forces. Oar contemporary ? proceeds — 'The test is simple. Will he ^Major- General .Downes) give . .up the pension, and-vwork for tea salary that is votediin the'Sonih Australian Estimates.' : The answer is 'Yes, hs will; he has promptly undertaken to do so.' The Australasian has a reputation for being careful in its fact&7 but in this instance we are bound in self defence to ' state that it has been led,, very far- astray-, and has r done in justice alike to Souths Australia and to Major-General Downes. We think it is rather petty of the War Office to cover its retreat from a ridiculous position by effecting an economy of some £500 a year, but the colony is obliged to it for retreating at all. Mb. Hkj-j*ikkr Heaton's Ghost — Ghosts, like ancient Gaul, are divided into three parts. There is, first, your ghost proper! He is the 'most popular and beat known of all. He comes to harrow your feelings and make your hair stand on end at the festive , season of OhristmaB. .He sits by the bedside of your children^and makes them dream dreams ana*'see~- visions. He drags chains or corpses through country houses, and is, generally speaking, objectionable though popular. Nowadays he has taken to rappings, and he will make your mahogany waltz round or rise to the roof. The world could pull along fairly well with out him. Then there is j our theatrical ghost, much beloved of actors. When he-walks -times are good and treasury is solvent. This particular ghost clanks no chains, but chinks money. He is a highly esteemed personage, and the only prayer of -grateful actors is :- may ?- his shadow never grow less. Lastly there b the Henniker Heaton Ghost He is literary or nothing. He has got more information at his finger-tips than that redoubtable warrior Major - General Stanley. He knows more about the Post-office, about penny postage, about ocean xnaus and other things than Sir Rowland Hill, Anthony Trollope, Edmund Yate v - Mr. .Kaikes, Mr. Slackwood, and Mr. Charles Todd put together. His name is Robert Dennis. When the poet Crabbe went up to London he was surprised -to see how popular he was. Said he to James Smith —'In my own village they think nothing tof-me»'^--It is:^wonderral how history repeats Itself. When Mr. Henniker Heaton went up to the House ''of Commons ; for Canterbury he might have' said' in his 'maiden speech — MThis - bangs. Banagher;~ ever* in' Australia I was. not considered a particularly* brilliant person, but here I am, Mr. Speaker, returned for the cradle of Anglican Christianity ? In the words of the Immortal Shakspeare, who, like me, : was an Englishman, * They don't take any stock of prophets in their own country.' ' He. .might .have said this,- -but pro bably he did not. Then . he set to work to make a name for himself. He law a chance in the Post .Office why1' should' not he make himself as famous as Rowland Hill ? Rowland Hill always called himself by 'two names; so does Henniker. Heaton.. Rowland Hill usedTtoT&e; connected with the colonies; so.., used ? Henniker Heaton; Rowland Hill., took a deep interest in philanthropic ; -movements ; -Henniker Heaton represents a Cathedral City. All these coincidences pointed to one conclusion — - Post- office reform and a Knighthood.' But how? Ignorance is the mother of Invention, and the pay master of knowledge. If he, Henniker Heaton,' knew nothing about the Post office, why there were lots of poor fellows who knew everything about it, and would be glad of a billet. One suoh was Robert Dennis— though we are not sure that he was ever a poor man, and now he is £400 richer — thanks to Mr. Henniker Heaton. This good genius has showered distinctions on Robert Dennis. He has procured for his writings places in the National Review and in the Times ; he has even laid one of his papers- before that distinguished as semblage, the Colonial Conference of 1887. To give further dignity to these writings, he. has allowed them io appear above bis own signature. And — alas for the de pravity of human nature! — his 'ghost' has: acted a scorvypart With bane in gratitude he has compelled the 'membar for Australia' to pay £400 and costs. This is the 'Narrative of Jhe Mad-_ ness of Robert Dennis,' who must from his cruelty be a descendant of the minister of the law In 'Barnaby Budge.' What will come next % WiHMr ffennlker Heaton let the Post-office rest, or h he already provided with 'another ' ghost ?' Readers of ihe proceedings of the Colonial Coiii ereflce will lemeniber the two appear anceffotMr.'rHea^n /befpre that body. At the first HeJ seemed not' to 'know any thing. When he was questioned by Sir John - Downer jind other delegates he contradicted himself again and again ; he ha^fbrgo'ttefftlu1^ he was not Bare about; thafc.- - He prayed the Conference to give him 'a little time,' he would send in a paper on the subject, he. 'would lookup f&cta..; So they .. gave , him time and he went ''away ^ 'happy, for had .-fie not Dennis, rthe omniscient, aa Sis, '^ghbst ?' Ia - due time came in tHe document, wbicfe bristleii.with: facts and argumeniB, and Mr. Henniker Heaton came in smiling, chock full, of information like a schoolboy's . satchel. 'He' scored another. triuiriphV' 'ana ' everything would bs-ell right now if he had only followed Kant'a advice^ . 'Vex . not bis ghout' should be the motto on Mr. Henniker Heaton's coat of arms when he blossoms into a Peer of fc% realm. Meanwhile Ea; Iain a pretty, mess*. rBut we'Tancy that' he does not »re much. Ghpsjs,may come aud.gao3to nay go, but ^^jHfinuiker fieafem*— to borrow an Image from Lord Chatham — witf 'jstandrbafofrthe worl^like our irat parents, naked :bat not ashamed.' - Kakgakoo-skins.— In October last V leputation waited np6n-- theTPremteK- to - tak that steps mignt^be-Csken^to preae^vfe' the natural flora and fauna of the colony xom absolute extinction. The move ment originated, we ? bflli©**. a with the Field Naturalists' Boe1e% aM J com- - mittee was appointed r1toc JfuifflM* ^tha* objects which the depubitlim '-liryDgut before the Treasurer. Among the proposal* was an amendment of the'Iaws relating to native game. There are.eonimercial as well as scientific reasons rwhj? the' recklesa destruction of the* fauna* of the colony should be prevented. We publish else where a letter addreuedto the committee by one of the' largest tanners in the United Stales with reference to tbd desired prohibition of the sate of £a&aroo;» skins under one pound1'- in ' weight. The gentleman In quesdon indicates the nature of the regulations needed to ensure the right sort of ' skins being sent' to market, and to prevent the total destruc tion of tfae kangaroo. As America Is directly and indirectly the largest porchates of Australian kangarpo-akins, the opinion of an American expert should have weight with those who are engaged collecting them. There seems to be no doubt thai if legislation were passed prohibiting the sale of skins under a specified weight, and not otherwise complying with the conditions named, the Americaa tanners would for their own defence aid the observance of the law by whiting to take etdnstbat did not comply; with its requirements.' ... Another point iff. mentioned, by. Mr. Solomon wbMl kangaroo-hunters should bear in mind* So kangaroo should be killedi foi the skin between January 1 and May 1, because 80 per cent of the hides obtained during these four months are ruined, being sunburnt while dryingv :Xha letters from Mz. Solomon have been fos jrarded to the Commissioner of GrownLaadsv and to the Field Natnralistt' Associations in the other colonies, and a? t&e;^ireBult of .then? efforta we fausti tfiat the Iwofolcl object aimed at will1 be secured^ -that ii, that a profitable industry may be main tained, and one of our inost distinctive fauna be preserved from extinction. ROWinooit the LiKR'-^-We1 mMaoa elsewhere that a memorial has been presented to the Mayor by the Executive of the South Austrauan Rowing *'««h^-»- tlon. The Association a*ks that the Corporation should entirely forego any revenue from the rowing dabs that use the Torrens Lake; or at least charge only a nominal sum for the rent of ground occupied by the boatsheds, At present each club has to pay a licence-fee for each boat used, a ground rent of ten shillings a year for every foot of frontage occupied by Its shed, a water rate, and city lighting, and sanitary rate. They very reasonably ask to be relieved from these, and it is only surprising that they have complained before. It Is of course true that boating, unlike cricket and football, is an expensive luxury, aadthat, therefore, only persons who have some money to spare can hope to enjoy it. Euc surely this is no reason for making it more expensive, and piling on taxes and fees in the wholesale mannes mentioned. It is also true that much money has beea spent on the Lake by the Corporation, but it is hardly fab; to make one small section of the com. mnnity pay through the nose for aa undertaking which was intended for general use and enjoyment If the boat clubs used their boats foe purposes of— earning money we could understand the imposition of heavy fees, but since they use them only, for exercise and amusement, they should; be let down as easily as possible. The memorial points out that the Park Lands are used by cricket and football dabs without payment to the Corporation, and why should boating be so heavily taxed 2 The cases, it ia true, are not quite analogous, but the argument has nevertheless same force in it. Again, the rates and fees levied make so big a 'hole in the revenues of the dubs that they are unable to provide the best boats for themselves, and accordingly in their contests with crews from other colonies' are handicapped. The ; memorial is., so outspoken and sen sible that it must impress the city fathers strongly. We. trust ?that it will convince them of the mistake which has been made, and that matters will be speedily set right I it ris fsiB -enough to tax the boafcaheda, of otherwise we might have the banks inoonvenientiy crowded with ^. these Inelegant structures, and perhaps a nominal licence-fee' might: be charged for the boats, but beyond thai, it is hardly necessary to go. Rowing: should be encouraged, and we do not see why the efforts of the' club* should be so severely handicapped. Iff they clear, the course of weeds: and pay what we have suggested they will havo contzibuted as much towards the re'venue of the Lake as the Corporation has a right to expect of them. '''''' 1 . St. Patrick's Day. — The day devoted to the memory : of the Iriah Patron: 8alnt falling on Sunday this year, the usual amusements will be held to-day.' Of course the greatest interest will be oentere* in tha national gathering in the city.' The= differentSocietiea who keeptheanniven-ury io remembrance are to meet at Wake&eid-streeb; Ihey will form a procession and march to- the Oval, where a programme of aporta will be carried ont. In the evening the nsnal consert is to be held in tbe Town .flails Sports will also be run off at Virgioii. Thb Action Agaihst thb Hos. Thomas Bent.— After hearing the argument of counsel i on Friday on the question of referring all the issues to the Master, Mr, Justice B udey de cided that the case ahonld proceed. Two - witnesses were examined, and flis Honor having declined to consult the convenience = of Mr. Bent and his counsel by allowing ? . fortnight's adjournment, the Court ross until Tuesday morning. Thb New Parliament ButLvtSG 8.— Next session the South Australian House of As sembly will be the best housed -legislative body south of the line. The building is to far completed that a very good idea of its palatial character can be obtained.^ . Tne ex terior ta finished, excepting that' a; few mea , are engaged cleaning and pointing t|ie granite* ' The basement floor, containing the caterer'* ?- qnartera and the ventilating apparataiNritti its attendant machinery, fi ready for vesupa-' ? tion, and the second floor, which it to be de voted to the domestic*, ia virtually Ia the same position. The handsome chamber ta being floored- and is ready for seating, sad &rtne; seats provided, by Mr. P. Q*j arw ready, and only the finishing totuhea are re quired,- the new session will be opened Is . the .finest chamber, is Anatralaaia' ^iTlte oplendid, dining-room, 53 fees .-6 huhas by 27 feet 3 . inches, . is floored,- «nd a littte ? ' more work by the plasterers wiU i«t ftbe^ pain&ers; finish off. There is a oommodloos ? bar'jxui off the smoking- room, and«djouUng is ?. the etrangers- dining-room^ wblab.ia* Aj^arly, - ready for occapation.. Tha aembfira1 lava^ tory, with its stained-glass windows and hoi ind cold waterpipes, and the itrangera* ' [avstory close by are making good prognsxj and the reporters' gallery -simply. WHtft vae - ? ? BUBblccs for the Esate. ^ThsblackcB^id while - ; marble tiles* in tnecomdors, flankad|Wi»lf Mintaro slate, are being pot V poamonixH ind . alL. 'Jnit , ^ Ihe' Msnlfihing --j:Jnitt«^'j mpmberji'I roomij.. %h& cteW'^qaarkng':;: ad-.the. geaergl offiqea- ate. ready/ Iob-HisUv painters,' '. _1fea:elec|aio ifbt^iin dtatoj^itod; -i thtoiiEh i tha building, the marble' ateiipBaiee- . iie benrtg goi ready for the b&aiiien;^a** ?? 'ihi in ijili ir.irnrTTmtnfi trr aim flli'sisrlo Ihe painters in & few weeks— bsf ore Partta- -' men!; meete. Then the onishinatoa||bSJio ??'? thecfQc;3onIjwUlbareq*-ired. J^ik^tWiBiB .- ? 2E.VD been made for heitdng' the -eaamoWTvy ? : ueaoa oi hot-water pines in winter, aad-tto -' ;a8-jets:wa|baI|gh^oJ»yj5Be»aB of eleoM- - :ity. Generally the bn_ tag ia well fornrarf, md the architept ta safcfi&d; -^at tba MBA- - nglwjll be .qnltelr«adyfnjiwaB\\*«ao|drBsa - Parliament opens. . '*' . j ??? ^..' UTILIXATIOSOF^WATBBraOMTHBMirBBiT. . -A^seBtuigii^e tt&^r« of tne Oommis iidirBpt*lht6(rDetween fiwo aod three years - 4io to confer with the Victorian mod Naw - Jouth Wales CommiaaioBa osqd the aabjsal ? of tfea utOtatbm of ths water* of the Murray ?f« bri»tioo1pQrpOK8»b»8 been convened f»r ~$&IayiB;«t, March 2& The object for whioh JaiiQqpjajmiou «n appointed was to watch : the ioterert- of &w;*h Australia in regard to th» Murray water being ued by the other colonies, and they were requested to ascer tain lamong other things whether the es tablishment of irrigation, colonies h,Kew Sooth Wales, and Victoria would have any 'serious effect upon the Murray lower downf or navigation purposes and upon the Lakes. We Believe that they only held one meet ing— flome two years ago— at whioh they requested to be furnished with various re ports bearing upon the subject of their inves tigations,; .These returns were to include in formation in. reference to the gaugings of the river, the quality of water likely to be used from it for Irrigation purposes, the effect of the utilization of them on the navi gation of the river, and bo on. The meeting appears to have. been adjourned sine die without even; a Chairman being appointed. Toe reports which they called for are com plefcd and coaseqaentrf a meeting is to be Tifid on March1 22, at which the~Goyernment ^uT^'ascertain whether it is the 'wishes of Ftl» members to proceed with their enquiries] 1 Tbe fallowing is the text of-a fetter addressed % l&r;€L a Hussey, M.P., to the Premier : is^I HaSoefcy Freer reports that-'tfie !Goreni 'raeB&efTSFew; South Wafo and Yi^ria^are In&a;^oariflz to come to some agreement tscisMtiag the utilization of -the Murray outers. Ab I purpose early next'searion ?seeing in the direction of-'Bi convention- be itween the colonies of Sew South Wales, Xyfcfcoria, and South Australia, with ixJL^new- of the thorough naviga itkntaod utilization of our 1- river systems JLlnnt yoa will use you andeavourtto pjCTeutsny very definite arrangements being ieoududed in this matter in the absence of ; ft*ritli -^'utailiBH' fntorflBtii being -considered ftudTeonserreaV * .?-,?-' r - -??.--? ; L Bishop ojf Adelaide— At-a weflattended yVotnig of clergy and laity held m the Church ?if EnKtand Institute on March 12, the Very jtostbailtaan of Adelaide in the chair, it was resolved to give a-ptibno welcome to the Bfahop of Adelaide* in the Town Hall, on the *waing-of.Toeaday, April 2. Dr. Kennion has been communicated with, and has ex preaed*his willingness to accept the proffered igikjgtpe. : PBOCIAMAIIOir OF WAXES DlSTKICTS.— Thursday's Government Gazette contains a notice proclaiming various water districts ijufer the Waterworks Act of 1882. The VfTstrfcta are towns within the Beetaloo water area, and are gazetted in this manner to enable the Act of 1882 to be brought into operation within them. The department are now levying a rate over the whole . water area at Beetaloo, and it is necessary to proclaim these districts under the Act of 1882 in order to deal with them upon a different basis to the country land within the same water area. The country lands are rated in accordance with the schedule of the Act of last year — on a baaiB of acreage— while in the case of the town lands the rating is in accordance with the principle now adopted in the City of Adelaide and suburbs, which is that directly a main is laid down or through a street the whole of the property in that street is rated. In connection with the Beetaloo scheme many of the towns are only towns in name ; and in the event of the pipes not going through them, and there being a demand for water, a standpipe will be established in the most convenient place, from which water will be supplied at bo much per thousand gallons. It IB not proposed to reticulate at present the large towns on the Peninsula — Wallaroo, Kanina. and Moonta — no provision having been made in the Loan Bill for that purpose, bat we understand a main will be laid through Kadina to Wallaroo as a part of the system now being carried out. Bating is iow being proceeded with, and it is expected that the notices will be issued in the course of a few weeks. Our atten tion has been drawn to the fact that tenders were called for various works in con section with the Beetaloo scheme, but in some instances no response has been received, while in others the price has been so high that the department has been compelled to Ireadvertise. A tender, however, for the Barunga Reservoir was within the official estimate, and it was accepted. This is a surface reservoir, to contain 10,000,000 gallons of water. THE LATE MRS. N. P. LEVI.— There are com paratively few of the women pioneer colonists left in the ranks now, and in a few years there will be none to tell of the trials, troubles, and simple pleasures of a settler's life some fifty years ago. We have to record \--he death of another old colonist, viz., Mrs. N. P. Levi, who died at Yale House, Torrens, on March 14, at the advanced age of ninety years. Mrs. Levi was the relict of Mr. N. P. Levi, a London merchant who came out to South Australia in 1838, and was the first Hebrew buried in the West-terrace Cemetery. The old lady was keen and active all through life, and retained her faculties up to a couple of days before her death. She was benevolent in a quiet unostentatious way, and strict in the observance of the forms of the Hebrew religion. She leaves, we understand, a large number of descen dants, many grandchildren, and about twenty great-grandchildren. There are surviving two sons, viz., Messrs. Philip and Edmund Levi, merchants, in Adelaide, and four daughters— Mrs. Joules Joubert, Mrs. M. Phillipson, Mrs. Samson, and Mrs. Beck, Tm t.atk Mb. William Philee.— Our Mount Pleasant correspondent writes on March. M:—' This district has to-day lost by death one of its oldest pioneers, Mr. William Phfllis, of Ham Farm. The deceased gentle man had been^f or some years suffering from heart *f'»yq, and lingered on in great pain until. 1 o'clock to-day. He was a colonist of over 49 years, having arrived in the ship Duchess of Northumberland,, landing at Holdfast Bay on December 21, 1839. Amongst the passengers were the Hon. J. Colton and Mr. A. Tennant On the day of landing, which was very rough and boisterous, he aitflintflfl in carrying tn-» women and onfl^r'11 ashore from the boats into bullock teams waiting to take passengersup to West-terrace. He» shortly after arrival, went to live at the old. Port. In 1843 he removed to the well known Ham Farm. Mr. Phfllis will be greatly missed, having been one of the origi nators of our public Societies and courting clubs, being in this as in everything he took inland an energetic worker. He leaves a widows- seven sons, five daughters, living, forty-seven grandchildren and three great grajjriflhilriran. -Wide-felt sympathy is felt for. -tfee family in -their bereavement. His fathor.Mr. .James PhOlia, of Updown Park, whose property nearly ioina his Bon's is befwMB ninety and one hundred years of age, isfealeandthearty and was able to visit his ?oq&tbls; last illness. The deceased gentle man died at— for his family noted for their longB vity— the early age of sixty-eight years. ThbLukJIs. Babclay.— The funeral of the late- Mr. George Barclay took place on Friday afternoon in the Church of England Cemetery, Mitcham. It was the deceased gentleman's desire that the proceedings should- b« very quiet. The service at the grave was- conducted by the Kev. J. W. Owen, B.A* of St. Paul's, assisted by the Bev,B.H.Mudfe. Bbbok℞ ax North Adxlatdb. — On Fridariaoroing, at 10.30, Detective McKiri noa-aaMtofr at Port Adelaide two men— JowJpk Beekwith and George Green— for bmgisaioorif^enterfng the premises of Mr. Henrf iJiMpJF- Baphael at Lefevre-terrace. Theara will betrted^ Monday* They had stolen -*4oantiif of- silverware, also boots andetatbin&iadwere; caught endeavouring to p*wtt-tfaem»»Port Adelaide. With sera polOBS generosity they confined themselves to taking staffes of silver forks, spoons, and _knivtm,three,o£Mob, and left the rest. De — teetiff^Mcfiinaon deserves credit for the smart capture he effected. The men axe not knooni to the police here, but are believed to be Japattatioos from New South Wales. One fl£tb» prisoners is an old man. MUDB-6STBSAL DOWBZS ASD SHX WAS QnpoK-*-Xhe following paragraph, whioh is ?lBfc-i»^ff«-*n,thfl Argus of MmtTi 14, is com nn«nfrH|fTf-tfm in another columns— 'Th€ South Australian Government has written to the otfcfMJovernments of Australia upon the question pi the colonies being permitted to .employ .Imperial officers on the retired list ?rfihOBi their being deprived of the amount ol iheir pensions. The neoesaity for the com nunicatton baa arisen from the Intimatiojn xmveyed tot the South Australian Govern sent by the war auchorities that Major*, Seneral Downea, who holds the position of Commandant of the military forces of the lister colony, will not be paid the pension to which he is entitled as a retired army ofiioer -o locg as he may act under the local Govern nent. This announcement has formed the subject of lengthy correspondence between the Government of South Australia and the SVar Office. A recapitulation of the negotia tions has already been published in the Argust and is repeated in the commnni jation forwarded by the South Australian government to the other colonies. The ittitude assumed by the South Australian inthorities is that it is unfair to force them to the alternative of providing the amount of Major-General Downes'ja pension, plus his salary, or of losing ills services. It is pointed out further mat~should Major-General Downea accept my class of private employment his pension would not be interfered with, and a government ought not to be restricted from making use of his skill. The Victorian De Fence authorities had a somewhat similar Sifference of opinion with the War Office concerning Major-General Downes's appoint ment to the office oi Secretary for Defence in Shis colony. The objection to the continua tion of the payment of his pension, however; was overcome when it was pointed out that M^jor-General Downes was only performing administrative work. The principal reason why the War Office declines to pay pensions, to retired officers who may hold positions of' Commandania of colonial forces is that it desires to es courage colonial Governments to place in auch offices men who are on the active list, and acquainted with the latest methods of warfare. The retention of retired officers ; precludes the engagement of such persons.' ' [ Thb Latb Db. Hoedeb,— The following particulars are taken from the Illustrated Medical \ News of January 26 :— ' The daily papers have briefly recorded the wreck of the , j.H. Priam, near Corunna, andtheloaa of BOme ? of the passengers and crew, and,of the surgeon, ' Dr. Holder. Such has been the melancholy and premature termination of a career of great promise and brilliancy, just at the moment when the hard work of years was beginning to gain its just reward. Dr. Holder was a native of Adelaide, and after taking bis B, A. at that University, came to England in 1882, and entered as a medical student at University College. In lesa than two years he passed the Matriculation, the Preliminary Scientific, and the Intermediate M.B. at the University of London, at the Bame time taking a high place in all the College ezamina* tionB. Afterwards in his hospital work he, became one of the moat distinguished students of his year, gaining, amongst other distino ticns, the Atchison Scholarship for general proficiency, the Fellowea Gold Medal for clinical medicine, and the Tuhe Medal for pathology. After qualifying, he filled the pOBts of obstetric assistant and house-surgeon ' at University College Hospital, and of as sistant medical officer at Coton Hill Asylum, near Stafford. He took the M.B. and B.S. of London in 1887, and the M.D. last December, only a few weeks before starting, on January 5, on what he had long looked forward to as a pleasant and health-giving voyage after Mb hard work in hospital life, intending to get back in time for his final Fellowship axamina tion in May, and then to revisit the relatives and friends in Australia, from whom he had ? so long been separated. Dr. Holder's abili ties were not limited to medicine ; he pos aeBEed remarkable musical talent, which he alwayB placed freely at the service of bia fellow-students, and when a hospital resident he thus contributed, in no small degree, to the pleasure of his companions. His un wearying kindness and attention to the patients under his care were also notorious. A wintry tempest in the Bay of Biscay has abruptly cut short his career just when his long yean of unremitting toil were beginning to bear fruit. But those who knew him best, whilst mourning the loss of one whose friend ship will not easily be replaced, realize also how brilliant and successful his future would probably have been, and how muoh the world has lost by the untimely death of Sydney Holder. Eacejg Boats and Licjs5cb-pebs.— The S.A. Bowing Association on Thursday sent a deputation to the City Council to aBk them to consider the question of withdrawing the licence-fees on club boate used- on the Torrens Lake. The grounds of the applica tion were that practically the boate were private, that they did not ply for hire, and that they were used . in the encouragement cf manly sport. The Mayor, who received the deputation, promised that the matter should be considered at the next Council meeting. Eably-clostng Association.— A meeting of the committee of the Early-cloaing Asso ciation was held at the office of the Secretary (Mr. W. G. Coombs) on Thursday evening, Mr. W. B. Dorman in the chair. The Secre tary reported that letters had been received that fonr shopkeepers were prepared to close their establishments on the half -hour gradual sjBtem on Saturday evenings, and a subcom mittee was appointed to wait on the other firmB in Norwood' ami Kent r Town; and arrange, if possible, to make it a general matter. The balance-sheet of Fulton's Strike Fund was received j also, a_ fetter from~the Secretary of the Trades and Labour Council, asking for pecuniary assistance towards the support oi the men on strike in consequence of the Register difficulty ; consideration held over to next meeting. It was agreed to write Mr. Brunkhorst, and make another effort to get his consent to close at 6 o'clock on Satur days, and also several firms In Hindley-Btreet who were not joined in the half-hour gradual scale. Thetimeforclosingtheseoondhalf-hour on Saturdays will fall on April 6, and the Secretary was requested to have the bills printed and circulated in the different shops notifying to the public the alteration, and advertise the change fully to prevent any disappointment. Donations of one guinea were received from the Hon. J. C Bray and Mr. L. Cohen, M.P., and from the interest these gentlemen took in the movement they were received as honorary members, together * with the Mayor of Adelaide and Messrs, C. C. Kingston, M.P., T. Scherk, M.P.. B. Nash, M.P., J. G. Jenkins, M.K, H. Scott, M.L.C., and the Presidents of the Trades and Labour Council and Eight-hours Celebration Com mittees. Messrs. Macklin, Healy, and Ber mingham, the employers representing the boot and shoe makers of the city, and who acted as conveners of a meeting of the trade, were to be interviewed again and requested to call a meeting, which it was hoped, would be attended with better results than the last, the committee feeling that the assistants in the boot and shoe line should reap the same benefits as the drapers, grocers, and iron mongers. Bjteb Levels. —The following figures Bhow the state of the rivers at the undermentioned stations on Friday, March 15:— Murray— Albury, 3 in,; Wahgunyah, low; Echuca, lft. 6 in.; SwanhOl, 2 ft. 10 in.; Euaton, 1 ft. 11 in.; Overland Corner, 2 ft. 4 in.; Morgan, 3 ft. Murrumbidgee — Gundagai, low ; Wagga, low; flay, low ; Balranald, 6 in. Darling— Menindie, low; Pooncarie, low ; Wentworth, 3 ft. lin. S.A. Commsbcial Tbavellbbs1 Associa TIOK.— A special meeting is called for this evening at ths Association's Assembly-rooms, United Service Club Hotel. 1H3 Eaisjall.— The only station where rain fell for the twenty-four hours ending March 15, 9 a.m. was Daly Waters, when 1 030 was registered. 8today Cohcibts.— On Sunday afternoon, at Glenelg, the usual concert by the ExoelBior Band will be given. 