OUR TELEGRAMS. TUMUT, Friday. Mr. John Doasy, M.P., Irish envoy, arrivod hero shurtly after noon, drivou from Gundagai by Mr.' J. E. Madigun ; a number of horse At night bo uddrosrod ovor 200 pooplo in tho Oddfellows' hall, numerous ladies occupying front souts. Mr. Doasy was enthusiastically re coivod. bouuots boiuc thrown on tho Dlatfurm by soino of tbo ladios. Mr. Wm. Bourko, of Blowering, was in tho ohair. Mr. Dousy spoko for nearly un hour aud throo-quartors in ad vooaoy of Homo llulu and tho relief of ovioted tonautp. About £110 wero the proceods of tho MELBOUHNE, Saturday. Tho Caulfiold races took place to-day. Tho. roaults aro I— Ouulfiold Stakes.— Droaduougbt t, Carbine 2, Duukloy3. Hurdlo Eaco.— Lottio I, Grand Court 2, Bonnie Ghoster 3. Foal Stakes. — Viotor Hugo 1, Deerwood 2, Harbor Light 3. Caulfiold Guiuoas.— Eudolph 1, Prince Consort 2, Carrington 3. Hunter's Gup— Busaco l.Tit Willow 2, Bangle 3. Toorak Handicap.— Muolstrom 1, Eruasio 2, Ins 3. ' ? l NEWCASTLE, Saturday. Mr. James Ourloy, Froo Trader, was eleoted to-day, for this district by a majority of 155 over Mr. Grabamo, ProtootiouiBt, tho late moui bor. Tho numbers polled woro Curley, 2170 ;' Grahamo, 2054. ? '? .SYDNEY, Friday., Mr. Crick intends going through the elootorate of West Macquurie, and testing the fooliug of hia constituents. The mail steamer Taroba struck on a rock off Port Maokay, Queensland, yesterday, and has. Binco boon beached. Sho haa cightoon saloon passengers and 300 immigrants on board. All offoots upon the properties of I ho woll kuown raoinf; man, Andrew Town, of Riohmond and Olarondon, have boon seized by the Hon. W. A. Loug and Mr, Goorgo Hill undor mort gage Monday, 2 p.m. Lntost advices from tho East report eixteou robbers woro beheaded at Fooohow. Ohiuoso socrot societies have takou root in Java Gulf, oreating some alarm. Tho coasts of the Japanese Gulfs Owarui and Wyaga wero swopt away by hugs wavos, 1050 lives boiug lost. Dreadnought has hardened iu the betting for .the Viotorian Derby and is now 7 to 4 on Singapore 6 to 1. 1'or the Oaulfiold Gup Bravo 100 to 10. Carbine continues a strong favourite for tho Molbourno Gup at 100 to 9, Singapore A sevoro shock of oarthquake' was felt at Apia, ou tbo 10th September, Buildings trembled violontly, front destruction of windows and ghiBswuro, wlilst tbo ships in tho harbour rooked to an ularming oxtont. Tho b ys at a luigo publio school in Welling ton, Now Zealand, resolved to etriko for tho abiliiiou of homo work and loDgor play hours, but ut tho lust aomont tho ringleador's oourago failed nnd tho striko collapsed. Other schools wero prepared to join tho stnkors. The comploto figures for the Nowcaatlo elec tion aro, Ourloy, 2173; Grohamo, 2022. Tho xosult oaused intense excitement. Mr. Crick addrossed his constituents at Bat hurst on Saturday and met with an onthusiastio roception. Ho oomplainod at tho attompt mado to oloso his mouth by brate foroo and also said the Spoakor waB unfit for his position. Monday, 8 p.m* About ten o'olook this morning a boating party, obnsisting of threo mon, whilst off Bradloy's bead, camo aoross tho body of a fomalo swollen about throo timos its natural size, surrounded by a shoal of sharks who fou jht with the boat. A steam launch thon arrivod, but its efforts to eeoure tho body woro also futilo in oonsequonco of tho continued rush mndo at tho launch by tho sharks, who appoarod to bo playing with the body, at times tossing it olean out of tho water. Eventually the water polioe succooded iu soouriug it, but as the oorpse was being drawn into tho boat part of one of the arms was snatched off. Tho body was identified as that of Mary Ann Fahey, lost during tho recent boating fatality. The Wallsend minors have passed a vote . of oonso.ro on Mr. Ourloy for contesting the Nowoastle election without consulting the as Tho death, of another infant is reported to day, under suspioious circumstances. Two men, named Hannigan and Lawaon, woro committod for trial for the recent robbery at tho Theatre Eoyal.' ? . There is great indignation at Cairns, Queens laud, at the discovery that a grsro was robbod of the body of Alfred Eugstrom. Three men, named Taylor, Ohadfield and Eogors^tho two latter,, being- em ployod in the Education4Departme'nt;'leK Middlo Harbont&'n the 6th instant for tho Hawkesbury in a half deok boat, and have not since been heard of. It is feared tho boat has foundorod. Volga, Proponndor, Spokosman, Loroy, New master, Serf, Ohintz, Whakawai, Little Birnio, Maryborough and Silvermoro are scratched for the Oaulfield Cup. Centaur for the Melbourne Cup. 