THE MERCURY. HOBART : MONDAY, NOV. 11, 1889. EPITOME OF NEWS. \- Nominations for events Oatlands Races, December 4, close on Wednesday. Derwent Rowing Club Bazaar, Town Hall, -December3. ',/ l > t Derwent ¡Bailing Club opened yachting season with manouvres on Saturday. ¿¿At Launceston pn Saturday the, i Tamar Club «cored 240 against the Launceston, 0.0. Messrs. Reynolds tender, £104,915,7s. 10d., accepted for Mount Zeehan Railway. Accepted tenders in connection with turad Uigh railway published. PS" v j. >i \ - »" -> i V i ; L. avMacLeods«coredslS3 not ont "lar Wellington playing against Derwent, y. ~ Annual meeting member« of Tasmanian Club this afternoon. . _.»..-" ..-«. Handicap« for Sorell Athletic Sports, No- vember 120, are published. Acceptance for footrace« due 18th inst « " * ' '- . * Nomination« for Oatlands Municipal Council, three vacancies," received from 28th inst. to Decembor 5. r Meeting of the agriculturists «f Green Ponds takes,place in the Lecture Hall, Kempton, to morrow afternoon at 3 p ra a. Great preparations and large prize list for the Spring Flower Show at the Exhibition building on Wednesday, 20th inst. The Royal Society's evening mooting, the last of the «ession, will take place on Mon- day, the 16th inst J P. Sheridan commenced Fun on the Bristol season at the Theatre on Saturday to excellent house. Tho " fun " raged fast and furious from rise to fall of curtain ' Liverpool Cup won by Philomel. Forth Bridge completed. Captain Weissmann will revenge massacre offLieut. Fetors and party. Germany annexed Port Durnford, near Natal frontier. London balun threaten to strike for reduc- tion ot hours Bravo in Adam»' ble Bweep drawn by two navvies. t Prince Alexander's wife (morganatic) Is dead. Lord Salisbury confident of retaining power., Slavin wants to increase «takes in match with Jem Smith to £500 Twenty-five million persons paid for ad- mission toFari«. Exhibition. Mr. J. G. Davies arrived by Alameda at Auckland. Foremen and clerks decline to low dockers' strike movement, but will act independently. Committee re colonial secnrlties held first i meeting and adjourned till 21st inst. 1 Capital of Comptoir d'Bscompto to be increased to eight million francs. Particulars of disbursements from Dock Labourers' Relief Fund published. Balance in hand. £7,000. Mansion House Committee uphold claims of men in lightermens' strike. Masters hate conceded demands of mon Permanent Board of Concilllation to handle disputes re trades of Port of London to ba appointed by the Chamber of Com- merce. V.R.O. Spring Meet concluded on Satur day. Hon. J White, won two racos, and Messrs. G. Davis, M Loughlin, J Pile, and D O'Brien (na) one each. We were quite accurate in pur pro- gnostication that Sir Hknky Parkes 'would be prepared to .accept a scheme of Federation if he waa allowed " to boss the job" Ho has now come ¡forward with a proposal whioh may be described as one of magnificent dis- tances, but which does not seem suited to the present requirements of these colonies. No doubt, what he proposes, namely, a Federal Legislature, will be necessary at some future time, when the colonies shall have further de-* veloped, and when they .shall have some little practice in the art of act- ing together, but as matters stand it 'would be quite impossible to set up a Federation after the Canadian pattern, 'without so much ''delay as would render it practically useless for all 'purposes in connection with defence. What we are mainly concerned with now is, to provide for the acting .together of the colonies for defensive {purposes, toi which may be added cer- tain mattera of general interest and concern,,provided for in the Act under ¡whioh theFederal Council isestablished If those matters were dealt with by the' whole of the colonies,as theymjght very 'readily be, the way would be paved for a more complete federal system, and, j what is more, the colonies would serve an apprenticeship to federal work, by whicji they would be prepared for closer relations It seems but prudent, therefore, that we should make use of the machinery which we possess, which has never yet been put fully into operation, before we Beek to ¡devise -.another set, about which ¡there is no agreement, and which would ¡involve the destruction of that] which wè have already. Sir Henry Pariù$' ¡has1 declared, in his' usual1)' positive fashion, that no one could induce the ¡people of. New South Wales to join the Federal Council, which may bo ¡true, but we "tajee the fact rather to be.i that the leaders of the'people of that colony alone stand out,, and do so because their ambition has not been) gratified Indeed, this much has been plainly said. It is' not tmàny ,ye'ára ago since Sir Hpnry Parkes .himself declared that New South Wales would1 ¡join in no federal scheme in which she did not lead the, way, and what j we see to-day is but a* natural ?development o£r the policy}ri then, so frankly declared. The veryj policy 'itself is, however, a proof that the true federal spirit does, hot' exist in j the Parent'Colony., If that/spirit prevailed as it should, there would be no question as to who should be leader, no .thought about31" bossing-the job," i but there would be ' an earnest desire' j to1 build', up a,' solid union, based, as any such union must be based, on a general national sentiment which ab-> sorbed all" minor differences and pre- cluded all self-glorification As New South i-Wales has not adopted this* policy, ehe1 must 'stand charged with being opposed to_the development of Federation, for ishe 'chooses to put forward a new scheme, rather than accept what is ¡already provided, and whioh can be made to do all that! is required at the present time' ' These colonies do not seem to us to be at all prepared to organise a complete Federal Legislature such as¡ is proposed, with all the elaborate machinery required to keep it in work- ing order The mere expense of the new organisation appears at present to be fatal to its adoption, even if the colonies are ngreed.'which they by no means are. Wedoubtif theLegislatures at present could be got to assent to any proposal which must necessarily bring with it a system of federal taxa- tion, and which would require a com- plete reorganisation ¡of the whole 'machinery of government.. Someday, and, perhaps, no very distant one, such a change will develop itself naturally 'out of the position and relations of ! the colonies, but there is no evidence that the work could be done at the present time. , The only objection that we have seen urged to the question of defence being dealt with by the Federal Council is that it could not possibly establish such a r central authority as would be necessary to carry out the required work There is, of course, a certain force in this objection., ' ' No one can well doubt, we think, that . federal body such as exists in Canada is best united to manage defensive operations, because it would regard the colonies as a whole. ?' Its aim would be to make secure the vulnerable parts of the Dominion, no matter where they might be, whether in Tasmania, Western Australia or Torres Straits. This much we may readily grant, but we must v point out that I at present ,? the., machinery, proposed appears. Jo be far .iriora. elaborate than the particular work ,for which,.it is.to^devisedi , jA^Federial'Legiila ture has manyj more things to',attend to than defence merely, that, indeed! being generally^ but a1 very small portion of its work At'"the present time we, in these colonies, are mainly, if not entirely, concerned with the de- fence ' question1, and it* seems un- desirable-to mix it up with others, about ci which there are sure to be wide differences of opinion and long delays, which may render defensive work practically of no avail Defence requires immediate action We have so much to do to put our- selves in a reasonably sound condition, that we ought to go to work at once with the means at our command, in- stead of which it is proposed to assemble 40 gentlemen in Sydney to begin what may prove an endless dis- cussion, or if resolutions should bo agreed to, there is no guaranty that the various Legislatures will act upon them There are, no doubt, serious diffi- culties to be overcome, however we may propose to act, but by far the fewest seem to be in connection with action through the Federal Council If the question of defence was re-1 nutted to that body by the whole of the colonies, «ve have but small doubt that it would devise a scheme which ¡would be found to answer the purpose in view Taking, for example, the question of equalising the gauges .of the railways, the Federal Council 'could do all in that respect that a Federal Legislature could pos- sibly accomplish For, ¡' it is not in the least likely that any colony would surrender its railways to any Legis- lature, so that all that could be done would be, to recommend an equah sation of the gauges by the colonies concerned No colony could, bo¡ compelled to move in this matter by any Federal Legislature, for the power to interfere in the business of each colony would never be granted to it A scheme for a central defence committee of board, or whatever it may be called, can as well be defined by the Federal ¡Council! as any other body, and it would remain with the Legis- latures to give it effect by voting the required funds Such a project as jthis seems to us much more capable of early realisation than one to consti tute a Dominion Parliament, with power of taxation and all the elaborate machinery, including 'the fixing of a capital, and for this reason common sense dictates that action should be taken in the first instance through the Federal Council In any case, if de- legates are to assemble in Sydney to discuss the proposal of Sir Henry Parkes, ¡itr should be on the clear ¡understanding that if they do not see their way te accept it, New South Wales should join the Federal CouncilJ and cordially work through that body I ? We leam from our telegram« that a case jof what is thought to be small pox has beon discovered at Adelaide, and that the authority» hayo taken .the usual prccau tions, by isolatiug tho sufferer and tho residents of the house in nhich he was found We suppose that the anti vaooinationl folk«, at least some of them, will regald these proceedings as absurd, and an attack on the liberty of the subject,' but it is reassuring to know that the authorities are not at all inclined to adopt this view If they are, it would be easy to «how that the progress of «mall pox has been stayed many tunes hy such precautions coupled with "'vaccination, and even by vaccination alpr.o without isolation, when the latter waa impossible, Las in tho case of armies in the field, or in depots for recruits for armios Hero is a pregnant extra t from .the Medical and Surgical History of the W ur of Rebellion, what we call the Civil War,-in the United -States, by Sur goon ( C S1 Tripler, 'USA, Medical ¡Director It forum part of ,a long and very minute report on the whole «unitary prccau ¡tiona taken by tho Not thorn authorities durfng the war Surgeon Tripler say« - j" The protection of the lijen against the ¡contagion of )smallpox of pourae received ¡constant attention While the army of |tho Potomac was in course of .Pigani sation, small pox was proyatent rather ¡extensively ia ideveral districts from whichi 'the troops were recruited It was udsafe tal travel unprotected over.any railway ¡ ut the ¡country The City of Washington was In footed; as I know from tho number of applications made by (lie authorities'-for, the use ot pur small pox ambulances to convoy the patientai to the post house >A fever hospital had been estab lislicd beforo^I^took jmarg*e¿ but little j risk was incurred of the propagation of the ! disease-to thcuamps j Oidor» j were Issued añil reiterated for tho~ vaccination of all I volunteers unprotected I also' recoi Amended I that an order should be published, requiring1 that all recruits for the army of the Potomac should be vacoraated 1)010101 thoy were stirted from Ahur, rendezvous, and. that thoy should be carefully inspected as to this immediatolyliir their arrival Not ¡satisfied with what had (been done, I asked torand obtained another order in Dccombor¡ 1801, requiring the division and brigade commanders to cause fho brigade surgeons to again inspect all the mon, vaccinating 'such as were unprotected, and report the result to me In Slocum s bngado there wore 1,000, in Blinker's 1,250, and in Sicklo s 750 I Crusts were furnished, and the vaccination completed As a rosult, "though small porf Was rife in the community, it novcr gaiflod any foot hold in the army . In fact, the precautions adopted had made the' .number of cases, considered in reference to the Bize of the army, too ineignifieeut to I give the least uneasiness to anyone at all I informed on the subject " More conclusivo evidence a« to the value of vaccination can > hardly be required than this. i It is very amusing to read the comment« of .the British Press on the contributions sent j from Australasia to help the dock labourers ¡The most wonderful discoveries have been made, which will astonish nobody so much ¡as the people by whom the contributions were tent Some great authorities declare that the working classes here «ent the ¡ money becauM they were afraid that the dock .labourer« would emigrate, and ao reduce 'wage« in the colonies. As a I matter of ¡fact, we know, the contribution« were sent by all ciaste«, and not by the working classes . alone A« to the fear of emigration, «uroly I the «aplent writer« ought to be able to «ee (that people who have not the wherewithal to buy a meal, arenot'in apoittion to under take a voyage to the other side of the world Other writer« have discovered that the i people of Australia have sympathy with eocialism , other«, agaln,*deolare that thsy wish toy promote trade« unionism, and there are many other discoveries, all equally wide of the mark The «Imple fact is, of course, that the dock labourers were aiiisted solely becauso they were in distress, and were asking for something like reasonable pay for a day s hard work. Only this, and nothing more We notice that aome foolish folk«, notably a Queens land paper, which has a oraze against all that ia Rritiab.aeU down tho condition of thedock labourer« a« the result of free trade Per haps that half informed journal will explain how it wa« that Belgian workmen were ready to take the places of the dock labourors at oven lower wages, mid that Gorman, Dutch, and French labourers are even worso paid than British, in epito of a most complete system of proteo tion The condition of unskillod labour all over tho world, but especially in Europo, is bad enough, no doubt, but most persons know that but for the wonderful ohoapnoas of food in Great Britain, the direct result of free trade, the state of tho unskilled work men would be very much worso than it is In Germany eVen skilled labomers only earn stan ation wages in many cases, and then have to work half the day on Sundays AT Home-Lady'Hamilton will not Iks at home as usual a Go\ eminent House on .Monday afternoon, 11th inst MOUNT ZEEHAN RAILWAY.—The following information has been supplied by the Public Works Department :—" The tender of Messrs. T. A. Reynolds and Co., amounting to £104,915 7s 10d., calculated at the rates set forth in the schedule quantities and prices relating thereto, has been accepted for the construc- tion of the above mentioned line, in accordance with the plans and specifications defining the same subject ; also, to the particulars and conditions of contract relat- ing thereto." . The Chudlekih Railway -The Public IWorkB Department hue accepted the follow ing tenders for works on tho Chudleigh Molo Creek Railway -Four cottages at Molo Cicok station, Joh i Batten, ¿840 for the lot, carnage shed at do ; W H iPiper, 1384 14s lOd ; engine shed at do , Phillips and Harrisson, £302 18s 2d , stockyard at do , J Luck, £61 13s Ud , do , at Child leigh station, J Luck, £02 17s , do , at Chudleigh road station, R and D Con nacher, ¿79 16s do , at Noodles station, J Luck, ¿45 14s Id j Tenders "Ycceitkd -The following ton dcrs have been accepted by the Public Woiks Department -Road, Castlo 1 orbes Buy to Settlement contract 1, Hoare and Flynn Bros , £69 10s 7d , Kindred road, contract 3, h Turner £349 12s. 8<1 Waste Lauds Act-Tablo Cape and Flowerdale Road Wynyard to selections and Tablo Capo sawmill, contract 21, T Gadsbury £135 8s 6d , viclnity|of Oyster Co\e, Trial Bay, to selections on Tiers, contract 4, Pybus mid Oxley, £48 11s Buildings Police Cells, Zeehan, construction and de livery of two portable cells, H. Gibbons, junr, £39 10s for the two , State school and residence, repairs, Northdown, Allowes and Marchant, £20 , Spreyton State school and residence repairs, \V Gudsby, ¿89s Gd, bridge o\cr, River Derwent, near Macquarie Plains station, supply and delis ory of piles 1,980 lineal feet at Is 6d , £140 5s, A Bansley, £140 5s ¡ Mb. J G Davibs -Mr J G Davies reached Auckland NiZ , by the San Tran cisco mail steamer Alameda on .Saturday morning K i > ? Mavobal Piçnîo -Witt tho exception of a little disagreeable weather on the return trip, the Fishing Party, organised by his .Worship tho Mayor (Mr A Crisp, M H A ) on Saturday afternoon last, w s an un, qualified success About 150 accoptcd the Mayor a invitation and the s s Victory left 0 May s wharf at 2 o clock, shaping her course for Denne s Point. Those who chose to go ashore weio landed, and amused theipsolvcs in various ways, whilst those re maining on board stood out in the river to indulge in the Wattomau pastime Re freslnnenta wcie supplied ad lib, and on ibu run homo opportunity wob taken of thanking the Mayor for the plcasiiro he had afforded hisgucsts Messrs W H Smith (Town Clerk) and W T Birch (City Accountant) did much towards making the affair enjoyable to all, their attention to the various guests being marked with the affability and cor diality for which they aro so well known Personat -Miss Laura F Bayley, daughter of the Rev J M Bayley, now of Loiahaidt, Sydney, but formerly pastor lof tho Congregational Church, Franklin, in this colony, was one of thoso who success fully passed tho roconfc University junioi examination lat.ly held in Sydney Miss Bayley was a Board of Education exhibí jtioncr m this colony, and as such,-wa» a pupil at Mrs (Reeds sohool m this city During the last l8 months she has been at tending the Girls High School in Sydney Davkv stkeetWeslevan Sunday Sohooi -Floral services in connection with the above school wore hold yostcrday morning, afternoon, and evemn.,, at all of,which ser vices the attendance, considering^ the «tate of the weather, waa vory good The church was beautifully decorated with flowers, principally lilies and roses Several floral mottoes adorned the walls, the principal ono being "jHo crownoth the year with His goodness "j Tho Rov S I Witlnngton .conducted the morning service, giving a suitable and appropriate address, in the afternoon tho Rev R W Thompson gave a special address upon flowers, and by tolling iilïiis trat lons ghowod how tho impoitant lessons of contentment, cheerfulness useful ness, confidence in God a powej. and oare wcije paught silently but eloquently by these 1 lovely evidences of then Creator s skill and wisdom Tho same rov gentleman con ducted the evening service Suitable floral hymns were sung by the choir and school, I under the/leadership of Mr, W Connor, Miss Winch presiding at the organ T le service« were so success ul that they wUl bear repetition at some future tuno, us numbers wero preyontod from attending owing t? the bad weather A numbei pf beautiful bouquets wero sent to tho hospital after the afternoon soi vice ! ÇaTIIOLIO AlOSIOLIO LfcOTUKKS r- Tho Fv angehst lectuung at tho Town Ha-l^do l livered an address yesterday c> «mug, op the subject of /'(The seven ; Epistles to the Churches m Asia, and the so\en fjcals-tlie scaling of tho first fi U|ts After alluding ¡to the substanpo of forraor discourses, tho lecturer prpcooded \o show that the history of the Christian Church und dispensation has so far ticen divided into distinctly marked periods, whpse successive developments and distinctive features are pourtruyod m tho seven Epiqtles, mid in the description of tho opening of, the seven Seals m tho Apocalypse, thefiistago "lho Apostoli, terminating with the death of the apostle John, tho second the poriod of Christian growth and persecution terminating with the conversion of. Constantine {'tho thiiMj tho period'of Ufé* patronagV of 'the Church by the Roman Empire, terminating!«ith tho fall of the Empire , tho fourth, the period of the para mount influence of tho Papacy,iterininattn0 with tho Protestant Reformation, tho fifth, I tho poriod v> hen Christianity though still Srofessed 'universally, subsisted in/a ivided and sectarian condition (a elate ? of Bi by Ion), merging at the timo' of the French Revolution into the sixth condition, in which lit now subsists, I u condition in which, while the divisions- go on mcrcising the faithful in tho Church aro .also struggling in the midst of an ever increasing sea of infidelity and abandonment of the Christian profession , andaré striving in ways moro or less enlightened, aftei a return to tho brotherly love und unity of the firBt ago After minutely identifying the descriptive synopsis of these several periods of Church history, contained in tho Epistles and the boals, the lecturer pro- ceeded to comment upon the first three verses of the 7th chaptor of the Book/of Revelation, us a prophetic foreshadowing of the work which commenced in tim Church in the year 1835, by''the restoration of an Apostleship and fourfold ministry, following upon the rcmantfestarion of the gifts of the 'Holy Ghost, and concluded by showing that I the application of the seventh Epistle, and the opening of the seventh seal belong to a future but probably not far distant period. Notice was given that on Sunday next a lecture will be delivered on the subject of the " Judgments coming upon the Earth," and that the hour of the lecture will be changed to half past'J in the afternoon i Nsw Nobvolk Municipal Covnoii - The Couno I met on Friday, when the Irasi ness consulted principally of passing small accounts The monotony was, however, rf> ¡ lie ved by a deputation from the New Nor ifolk Road Trust, who requested the control | of water for flushing the proposed wooden surface drains in the streets. It waa re solved to call a special meeting to consider ¡the question, also to test the question prac tlcally os to sufficiency or otherwise j Aorioi/ltdbal Merimo -A meeting of the agriculturists of Green Ponds has been called for to morrow afternoon at 3 o'clock .in the Lecture Hall, Kempton The bust 'ness for consideration is the advisablenoss of forming a deputation to wait upon the Go vernment to endeavour to Induce Ministers to protect the agricultural interest of the colony ! Royal Society of Tasmama -The last evening meeting ot the session of 1889 will I be held on Monday, the 18th The Pre I sident (His Excellency Sir Robert G C Hamilton), who has presided at all the meetings during tho session, will deliver an address reviewing the work of the session .There will also bo read two able papers by ¡Messrs J B Walker and B M Johnston j A largo attendance of members is expected to be present y W as i <> Tasmania» Club.--The members, of ,the i Tasmanian Club hold'their' anrioal 'general 1 meeting thin afternoon at 4 o'clock. New Noiifolk Cottage Hospital.-A very successful concort was hold on the Oth iiiBt. at tho Libiary Hull, tho proceeds of whioh - are to bo devoted to - the - local Cottago Hospital, which has proved a hoon to many. Tho Rov. W. H. Root (chairman) briefly explained tho intention of the com- mittee. The following programme was sub. mittoil mid thoroughly enjoyed ¡- Ovorture, " Tho Turkish patrol march," Master W. H. Hudspclh ; song, "Good-night beloved, 1 Mr. T. O. Lovett j song, " Queen of the Earth,'1 Mr. F. Ralfo; comic song, "Gone for over," Mr. MaoMnllcii ; song, " Tho bettor land," Mrs. Lovett; violin solo, iFoutasIn Capiicc " (Do Heriot); Mr. Hubert Arnold ; song, " Tell hor I love hor so,',' Mr. Lewis; duet comic, "The busybodie idius," Messrs.1 Hudspcth and MacMullcn. Part2.- Song, "Tho Romany Lilss," Mr. 'Ralfe ; comic Bong, " llaa, bau, baa," Mr. Hutlspelh ; recitation, "Nocturnal London," ¡Rev. Godfioy Dillon ; song, " Saving the colours," Mr. Lewis ; violin solo, "Caprice, on old English airs " (Vieux Temps), Mr. Hubert Arnold ; song, "With the spring," Mrs Lovett ; song, " I fear no foe," Mr. T. O. Lovett ; musical molo-drainatio burlesque in ono horror, " The briny coturaut," by the two Fakirs. A hearty vote of thanks to the lady and gentío non who had afforded such a musical treat brought a most enjoyable evening to a close. It must not be omitted to mention that the accompaniments to Mr. Hubcit At Hold's selections were played by Mr. Uoulicld Akers. . ' ! AitNOLii Concert.-At tho fourth concert of Mr. Hubert Arnold to take place at tho iTown Hull Monday evening, Novonlber l8, it is announced that Mi. J. Burnett, the new organist and pianist, is to make his debut as a solo pianist. As this artist comes to us with a high reputation as an executant on the piano, a great deal of interest wlllattaah to bis first appcarunco, and he will doubtless, ptove an acquisition to Hobart musical circles. ' ' , Tasmanian Photo and Aut Assouia ,tion.- Tho usual monthly meeting of the members of this association took placo on .Friday, tho Picsident and a good muster of 'members being present. On tho suggestion of Mr. F, J. Patterson a discussion took placeas to tho best method of arranging photographic exhibitions, and many good ideas wero noted for use on future occasions. 'Mr. 'A. Morton then announced the judges' docision in regard to tho prize offered by the President (Mr. Russell Young), for tho most artistic photographs, at tho «ame time re- gretting that so few members had competed for this class of .work. _ Thu judges, How- ever, were bound to deoldo as to Milich lot of pictures was the best of those sent in, and had found that the work of Mrs. Freau bottor fulfilled the 'qualifications, and was therefore entitled to the handsomeoil painting which wa« to be given as a priée. Tho Presi- dent, in presenting the prize, said that he hoped to set Mrs. Fiean carry off many more honois for good work before the season was over, and must compliment that lady on tho production of tho charming littlo photo whichhudgaiuedfirstplace. fSr.lt. J. Patter- son then delivered hislecturetteon the deve- lopment of gelatine plutos, and proved that many photographer« had been working in quite a wrong direction In regard to certain subject«. 7 He then enlightened the mem- bers as to ' his own method of working, and exhibited several photographs to, buar out hi« opinion. Tho lecturcttc was exceedingly interesting and instructive, and was listened to with profound attention. The secietary (Mr. Nat. 01dham)cx!iibitcdaiiinstantaneouB S hoto taken on board the Huon on Wcdncs ay last, while that vessel was going at full «peed,¡ and said that notwithstanding the engines wcro causing a' gi cat deal of vibration, every part of tho resulting picture was beautifully sharp and clear. It was announced that a debute would bo ar- ranged for the next meeting to .decide Whether photograph« truthfully dopictcd distances. i,( ' ','] Y.M.C. Association.-Owing 'td the in- | domeney of the weather there was only a moderate attendance at the Oospel temper- ance meeting on Saturday evening. ' The ' Chairman (Rev. W. Thompson), in hi» address, spoke of the weakness of human nature,' and how prone we are to give way to temptation unless we have a good safe- guard, and urged the claims of tho blue ribbon, > coupled with our trust in God, as being the best means of safety against the strong temptation of alcohol Mr. A. Kirk gave an address on' " A hat for u'ponny " in his usual amusing and instructivo «tylo. "Duiing tho ovening Miss, Holland and tho Y.Vy.Ç'A. choir gavo a selection of glees and songs, which were much'appreciated. I . All' Samts' , Wobkinü Men's Club.- , The popularity of this institution does not' ¡seem to boon tho wane, if wo may judge by the active interest taken . in' its i welfare by it«'members, all of whom aeem to work with, a .will, i A new bagatelle board has bpen purchased, and the i committee intend obtaining a piano.. An entertainment will bo gi\e i to-morrow ovening, the proceed« of which will go towards purchasing the latter instrument. A minaticl troupe has .been foi raed ia connection with'the club, ¡und the members aro practising assiduously foi their opening performance, .which will itake placo m a couple of weeks' timo. CITY POLICE COURT.-Before the Police Maglstiate, on Saturday, Margaret Duffy was fined 10s. 6d. or 14 days for disturbing the peace. WANTON MISCHIEF.-Tho mischievous ifavpwjite 'resort of Satuiaay niprnjng tho rope attached to I ¡flug-ppl6"atjMr. R. Shirley'« shop was ouf oltiuid'stolen, only a small piece of'the rope 'being Jicft on thq| gtounil. This is the second occasion' on which the same 'thing has Kdppened, and'it is to Uti hoped that the delinquent 'will 'soon run tho length'of his tether,' and ' bo brought before ' the' Police' Magistrate to give an account of 'his mis- chievous pranks. " ' ' . ' » ' *'? ' Melbourne Matkicitlationí Sxami nAtion.'-iThof local «cumulation1'of 'the two'candidates who have entered for the> October "matriculation examination,' Mol-' bourne. University,'is to ho held at tho,,pffi.ee oí tho secretary to- the,Council of Education on the 25th inst. , _, . -,,,,,, , HOIIAKT HOKTIOl'LTURAL l8oCIETV,T-TllO spring, (lower, show to be hold ..on .Wednes- day week' should, judging from the number of enfries, ho exceedingly attractive.' The ,floial table decorations which were a lead- ing feature in the Insjt Bhow, will bo again j introduced. Probably' a'number of now de- I signB^wiUiheuntroduccil. Wo understand J that the points for; judging will bo variety oÇ flowers, tasteful' arrangements, and origp jmvlity.of design, lit will notaba necessary .toiplaç^frui^on. silver jon the'tables, t Tho display of Toses .which is generally ihojfea-, turo of the spring show gives o very promise i of being unusually good.^From tho unusually, 'flue,season Hobart has experienced, a large 'number of exhibits of vegetables is oxneatefj. Tho liberal prize list m all dusses should stimulate great competition., ' ' CrOLiNo.-Tim following northern rideis; arrived by yestorday morning's mail train : -Messrs. Ford, ^ Stanwix, Galvin, Ling, Roberts and J.'Gill, the champion cyclist of Ithe North, who seems to bo in the best of foim, and thoroughly fit for the five milo, championship of losmania. Mkktiño'at Fbankxin.-A meeting of residents was held at Franklin on Saturday evening, ht which resolutions respecting the Land Tax were discussed.* The' Treasurer, was present and addressod the meeting. River AcciDKNT.^One of the heavy squalls i of, Saturday; afternoon, struck iMr. ¡Smalt's ferry-boat, Little Dick, then off the Esplanade and under sall, causing , the ,1x1at to heel over and 'fill, but it subsequently righted and sunk to tho gunwale. A yacht came up Ht'the time to the assistance 'of the two occupants of the sinking boat, and ?truck the matt, breaking it.. Ono of the men from the ferry boat was taken into the yacht, and the other was conveyed to shore in a dingy. Tlireo youths, who saw ' the occurrence from the ferry wharf, proceeded to the Little Dick and towed it to the wharf, where it wa«'emptied, and found to have sustalued no farther damage than the, low oi the mast. ' , ' ' \ " ( J" ¡' ', ,' ( "' "Bouoaox Cata«««!" cornete offensive 'odors «t saw Compute eora ol wont earoais es«« ; «Isa na-, .quailed «s targU tot diphtheria, «en throat, foal ibreaik. , , , . ,. i Vaxuaiuc Dncoraar «on ra» Hu«.1-If your' taalrUtatchi(ti*r |M«nCiW Hun-BKNBWBB,1 _,..." [rettore in retry tem Orey tr White : hair to It« 'orlflna! eoloiur, without karto« lb« dlssmtsbk !tm*U «I BN«t "Baetoren." K mak« the hair' irtiMTnlBihr i baantlfal, a« wall H promotlag the «rawtbof the hair on bald note, where the,«Undi 'en not decayed. Ask your ebembt for tho " mexi le« IUI» Bkhkwzb." Sold by dunlite and per. j fomen ever/where atjls. AL per'bottle. Whola**!« depot, 13, rarriajidoD Bo«d London.. ¡ . . , ¡ ! BiNosm'« flKLT-DiaisTiv« roon.-DeBdons ano". .hlgbljr aabitlons. Reoommended by th« Itsdbui pbntelaai ud the whole of U» medical press, tot j Infante, delicate children, and all of weak digestion; can be taken whaa all other ft ode dhan««.' Awarded i tua cold medal of the jntenistlonalTilaaHb Kshlbl. ! lion, Loado«, and hfgheat «want Melbourne Bshl I bltlon 1888 , Of all storekoepers In (los at li. 6d., 8». Od.; and 6«. Manufacturers-Mottershead and I Co, Manchester, England. Acanta - Melbourne, ! Felton/Qrlmwaó« and,Co. graney, Elliot. Uro«. i Hobart Agent, .H. T.. Gould. The ffomnmpathlo Pharmacy. *. ' < ' x í 9E23T ' -.'KaAniro's Powbsa" 'deitroyek^DoSTTVtáis'J ' notas, saasun, «na all ¡jotbetl iaaeofv wMlstifiute,, harmless to domettlo animals. .Ja i estefiQlnaUnr i It I» nrsto^Toteu^^lMutaUoh. ¿Mthïitftlel« roa»posoha»e Is " K«ati«o'i." H imUatlatwi'.ár« noilirae and Ineffectual Bold U Tint, 04, 1«, Ml '*. B4, aath, by all chemist« «J «¿ÍI "~~ 