PAUL SMITH, A R A CHAPTDR IV. (From the Argosy. In the Countess of Steynham’s boudoir three peoplc were merrdy chatting ovei then afternoon tea The subiect undei discussion was an enter tainment to l>e given at Steynham House, foi winch ends weie to be issued foi th with Lidy May Bianiston was begging foi a fancy dress ball, her aunt, Lady Steyuhaiu, was in fav or of tableaux, and Paul Smith was specially called upon to decide between the ladies ‘1 feel my lesponsible position as umpne,’ he was saying adroitly de ciding to please both if possible. * I should advise a seiics of tibleaux, illusti ating the pi ogress of at t.’ Lady Steynhun looked delighted, Lid\ May disappointed, when Paul continued * Concluding ’ with a costume ball. We could stut with a classical subject, cither a single iigme 01 a gioup—siy “Pygmalion and Galatea,” then by a long step, on to the Preiaphaehtisin— i Madonn i, by Licinio, or bettei still —“ Monna Lisa.” Median al Ai t • ould be fairly shown by Albeit lJuiei’s 1 Melancholia.’ whence Hoi hem, Vaudyck, and Rubens would gieatly lead to the English school Gamsboiough, Reynolds, a Hogarth, peihaps, and so on to our own period ’ Lady Steynham intei mpted laugh inSb'. ‘I must veto the whole thing. It is too long, too much, and too artistic foi the geneial public As hostess, I must considei my guests ’ ‘Oh, aunt’’ Lady May, obseived, piteously, while Paul looked annoyed ‘ If you like to have, say one oi two tableaux as a Icier de 1 idean, M iy shall hav e hei w ish, and w e w ill decide upon a costume ball ’ She addiessed the last woids to Paul, adding with a giacious smile, ‘We will put up your laige picture, the woman with the led hau and the bioken ornaments, that unfinished one th it hangs in y out studio.’ ‘Willingly,’ replied Paul ‘lt will make an excellent tableau But who will sit for the fur dame?’ As he put the question a vision rose b foie him of the beautiful unknown. If we could only get Lady' Somer ville--she Ins just that shade of led Inn, said May, ‘Lady Someiville,’ Paul enquired, ‘who is she 1 Yeais ago I knew a biothei of Loid Somerville, he died in India, oi was it Canada 1 He was iltailu' somewheie in the frigid or the lotiid 7one ‘lts the same He inherited the title, man led, and died abioad. His wife was an Ausliahan, veiy nch ; all ovei dumonds and nuggets You must have methei , she is very lovely.’ Lady May spoke with the generous enthusiasm of y outh , hei aunt adding as a rider, ‘ And not very young ’ ‘She doesn’t look moie than 20,’ the young gul iephed , ‘ though, of couise, she is moie If only she would come, the tableaux would be pei feet But }ou don’t know hei, aunt ’ ‘Silly child l Whit has that ro do w ith it 1 Si e’ed impossible cela se fn a Give me anothei cup of tea, and don’t tiouble about my affins I undertake tint Lady Someiville shall play the Leiuty, and Don Pablo shall be the Messengei And don’t lose your head, for 1 beat she’s engaged to Lord Duncan Glenholm ’ Paul assuied the ladies that he was arrow-proof, with a look and expression that conveyed to his hearers the idea that they indmdually were his protect ing tegis from love’s wiles. And having com eyed the desired impression he left Chapter Y. Meeting Once Again Lady Steynhain succeeded in her aim She was introduced to Lady Somerville, and she prevailed upon her to undei take a part in the tableaux; this was, howe\ er, only upon condition that rehearsals were dispensed with Lady Sommerville requesting a photo graph of the picture In vain Lady Steynham suggested a visit to the studio Lady Somerville declared ‘ she hated ai tists, as they expected so much flatteiy and adulation,’ and the Coun tess, only too happy to secure the Beaut}', willingly acceded to the terms she mentally voted capncious Some days later, meeting Lady SomeiMlle at a hall, she >vas delighted to piesent the aitist to her. ‘ Lady Somerville, allow me to intro duce Mr Paul Smith, oui colkboia teur, you know, in the tableaux.’ Lady SomeiMlle acknowledged the inti oduction,by a slight bow • May I have the honor of the next valsel’ Paul asked, eageily. • Thank you, I never valse ’ Tlie answer was not encouiaging, and the tone still less so, but the voice was wonderfully sweet ‘The next quadrille I *’ ‘ [ am engaged.’ ‘ The lancers V She shook her head and turned away Have you no dance to give me I *’ he pei sisted I am afraid not,’ sheansweied care lessly enough, smiling the while upon a gentleman evidently seeking to make his way to her through the crowd. As he appi cached Paul recognised Lord Duncan Glenholra Claiming his dance, he led her away with empressement to a quadnlle just forming. Anxiously and enviously Paul watched the two A well-matched couple, she, leaning on his arm with willowv, bending giace, he, tall, fair, and broad shouldered, a fine type of powei and strength that could not but find fivor in the artist’s eye This, then, was fortune’s favorite, the man w ho had won the wealthy widow'. He was 111 no mood to dance The discoveiy that Lady Somerulle was the fan unknown had been a blow to any hope he might have had of win ning the one woman who leahsed his ideal of giace and beauty Less noli, less courted, he might have had a chance, but now—his gaze followed hei, he w'as wholly absorbed in watch ing eveiy movement, every turn of the fin face, eieiy glance of the w'ondeifill ey es that never met his own Was it chance, or did she purposely avoid him 1 * He detei mined to he convinced Henceforth all Ins energies should be devoted to solving the enigma Sphinx that she was, he would read and un lavel the mysteiy The rehearsals at Steynham House w-ould be in hisfavoi. Fei \ ently he blessed Lady Stey nham foi casting him in the unimpoitant pait of messengei in his picture with Lady Some! ville Howevei, he was doomed hetein to disappointment, and had to await the eventful night In the meantime he sought her vvheievei she was likely to be met. Occasionally' they passed in theiovv, oi he saw hei driving 01 tiding in the paik, and he was fein to be content vv uh the slightest of hows or the veiy few vvoids that politeness requued in recognition, it might be, of some tnfling set v ice he was only too happy to i ender. Had Lady Someiville desiied to make him moie completely hei slave she could not have acted with gieatei judgment The chains of her fascina tion, slight in the beginning, weio weighing on him and binding him, a willing ciptive at hoi feet Nettled and fascinated, Paul Smith’s admit.i tion was i ipidly diiftmg into pas sionate and intense love, and the one object of his Inthei to objectless life was to win hei affections. The fete at' Steynham House came oft in due time The daily papers called it ‘ a colossal success,’ and gave unmitigated piaise to the tluee ta ble iux piecoding the ball. ‘ King Cophetua and the Beggai Maid,’ the fiist given, was lemarkably successful in leproducing the elaborate detail of the celebrated pictme; and after the cuitain had useu and fallen twice upon it, was followed by Millais’ ‘ Huguenots ’ Lady Steynham had secured Mr Beauchamp, a bacheloi and wealthy biewer, as an eligible repiesentative of hei niece’s lover, tilisting to his for tune to make up for any shoi tcomings Lady May looked the dait to perfec tion The ensemble was enhanced by real ivy ti.ailing over the well imitated wall, and the flaming nastuitium and bluebell The gem of the evening was un demably the last—‘Love Tokens,’by the fashionable and popular aitist, Paul Smith, in vv Inch he himself ap peaied as the king’s messenger, and the beautiful Lady Somerville as the ill- I staued Fiani_oise Upon the black draperies of the backgiouud the masses of luddy golden hau shone out in a flood of gloiy, as, with imperious gestuie, she points to a glittering heap of broken jewels at her feet, the abject messengei of the king cowering he neath the outraged woman’s scorn How, and not until now, had Paul realised the tiuth Seeing her in the vvell-iemembeied costume, it flashed unon him Lady' Somei ville and Isabel Giay vv ei e one and the same the model, whose love and devotion he had lost, he would not admit, even to him self, that he had despised it His eyes met heis with a look of burning love. At that look of recognition hers fell, the color rose ominously in her pile cheeks, and as suddenly faded away , her lips patted in a faint sigh. Svvay u,cr forward, she would have fallen but fra Paul, who ru=hed with outstretclied aims to save her To the loud applause succeeded a sudden hush The cm tain was dropped, Luly Steynham was quickly on the scene, piomptly giving the necessaiy directions The guests were reassured, Lady Somerville’s faintness attributed I to the heat, and after a few moments, the curtain rose again upon the inter rupted tableau. Paul longed to be alone with her. His heart was beating high with hopes of forgiveness ; surely she could not be indifferent to the lover of hei youth Would the curtain never drop l At last, amid the sound of deafening ap plause, it fell 1 the tableaux was over, he was free to seek her. She did not enter the ballroom, but eluded him, and he and the admiring spectatois looked foi her in vain. The following day Lady Somerville’s house was besieged by callers; all Lon don left cards of enquiries. Among others, Paul Smith, who, hearing she was better, ventuied to call again later in the afternoon. He was told, ‘Her ladyship had left town ’ • Chapter VI. A Happy Ending. Isabel had sought safety in flight Why 1 He had discovered her secret. What then ? As he asked himself, a smile flitted acioss his face. She was afiaid Of whom 1 Heiself. Paul Smith had iccognised hei, and the self same moment she had dis covered the secret of her love. She -fled, carrying with her, indeed, the vision of icvenge she had planned, overwhelmed in the joy that failed her heart. She was but a loving, pitiful woman, incapable of the scornful le ]ection of the love she longed for and which was now humbly laid at her feet, to be refused—i ejected Trem bling for heiself and her weakness, | she fled, but only to return. Yearning to see him agun, after some days wearying, she plunged once more into the gaieties of town. Her well-known equipage and lovely face were seen in the park. And although she fought against her lov e and denied herself to Paul, invariably being ‘ not at home’ to him, a day came when she could no longei refuse the m teiview he asked In answei to his letter he was ushered into a prettily furnished loom Through a glass door opening upon a small garden he saw Isabel’s slender figuie in softly falling white diapery With slightly height ened coloi, she enteied and greeted him Theie was a moment of erabai rassmg silence She was the fai st to recover hei composuie, as seeking to release her hand from his. she raurmuied— • Mr Smith, I hope ’ What she hoped, he never asked Coveting the hand he held imprisoned in his own with kisses, he, in hut mug words, besought hei foigiveness, and t,moie than that, hei love. With a fluttering movement, she sought to withdraw hei hand fiom his farm giasp, then suddenly she let it lie j passive in his He looked up The shadow of a smile dimpled the corners of her mouth, as she softly uttered, ‘This to me, the despised model 1 ’ Encouraged by the tone of her voice, he attempted to fold her in his loving aims, but with a forbidding gesture she diew back ‘lsabel, don’t send me away fiom you All these long years I have wanted you, and my lonely heait has ached foi the love that was lost to me And now that I am moie vvoithy of you—now —you will not icfuse to let me call you mine 1 ’ ‘Mi Smith, you are paying me the highest compliment in offenng me the the hand and heart you lefused to Isibel Giay. You can moie fittingly bestow it on Lord Soinei \ ille’s widow I shall not disgiace you as a wife Hush '* she continued, as he sought to inteiiupt hei. ‘Heu me out That day—so long ago—l called at the studio, and accidentally oveiheaid your conversation with Hugo Soineiville. Detci mined that you should not have the chance of spoiling jour life by mat lying me, I went aw ay and changed mj T address. Youi fucnd found me out, and by his goodness and chivally won me.—And now it may be as well to bo deal upon one point, an unpoi tant one. That is, that wealth)' .is I am leputed, in manying again, the only foi tunc I bung my husband is— mjself. Isabel Somei ville, nw Giay. The Somei ville estates and moneys pass fiom my hands, leaving them empty ’ With a pietty and beseeching ges tuie, she opened hei hands tow aids him, drawing them back hastily as he stretched out his own. ‘I am sme you do not caie fora penniless bude, any mote than I care to be a buuleu to the man I may wish to many'.’ Again she held out hei hand, with quiet dignity, stying only the words ‘ Good-by e How would he bear the ordeal, she asked heiself. To hei intense joy, Ins countenance remained unchanged, he betiayed no disappointment. He was plepaied to make any sacnface to win her Clasping her h md in both his own, he answeied her good bye ‘ Better so, my darling, I want you, youiself, notyoui suiioundmgs Thank Heaven. I have moie than enough foi both, and you shall never miss the famines which have been youis You shall nevet legiet giving youiself to me 1 would i.ithei you owed some thing to me, Isabel His voice w is earnest and tiuthful, and Ins eyes met heis with a tilisting look With a happy sigh she laid hei-hind caiessingly upon his A shadow ciossed his face as Ins glance fell upon the wedding nng cneneling hei slendei fangei it was but a momentaiy ping Had she seen it, he asked himself on Ins homewaid way, as he lived the happy houi he had passed with her ovei and oven agnn At her earnest enticatj' he had leluctantly left her to return again in the evening And she was alone once moie with hei new happiness, alone, but never to feel lonely again Eace to face with a futuie dawning afiesli fiom out the dun yet unfor gotten past The past 1 As the woids lose to her lips siie shivered, the look of aveision he had cast upon hei vveclding-inig, the symbol of another's love, pleaded foi tins last sacnface Had she not given away her heart, had she not piomised her hand l Slowly she diew off the golden token of lov e placed there by the hand of a loving husband now dead, and taking a key from a chain she always vvoie, she opened an ebony and ivory inlaid cabi net, and pressing a spnng, disclosed a deep drawer behind a recess Kissing the little ring sadly and pitifully, she dropped it in It fell upon a sealed letter. She staited nervously as the ghost of the past confronted her. No need to read again the well remembered superscrip tion —‘To my dear wife, on the day she accepts another's love, or on her thirtieth birthday.’ Hei hand shakes, the blood flames acioss her face and fades away, leaving her, if possible, whiter than before. Reverently she bieaks the seal A message of a mighty love has fol lowed her from beyond the giave. | Thiough a haze of blinding tears she leads his wish for her happiness, beg ging hei to accept the sum of £40,000 he bequeaths to her as a token of his love Forfurthei particulais he refeis her to his solicitors. Unselfish Hugo l His love had watched o\ er hei in her loneliness and ignoiance of the world, and in depriv ing her of the golden bait of a fortune, he had tested the disinterestedness of hei lovei. Was it suipiising that piide in tint lover, who had borne the test nobly, should mingle in the tubute of "lati tude she paid to hei husband’s memoi yl When she again met her accepted lovei, her eyes weie dim with hushed teats as in silence she put Hugo’s letter into his hands Paul staited, and, deeply moved, ex claimed‘How geneious ! ’ Then see ing the teais in her ejes, he kissed them away, adding, ‘ I will be as good to jou as he was, my darling; better I could not be.’* 