CauTBB XLI.—How' tub Nibht 'Went: George sat opposite to him, his hands on his knees, the red nightcap on ,hU head, and ,a c. mical expression, of astonishment.upon his melancholy countenance. 4.'Well," he said, .when Harold had done, «< blow me if that ain't a master one... And yet there's folks who say that there: ain't no aueh thing as Pro widen ce—not that there's anything, prowid^d yet—p'raps there - ain't anything thero after all.-' . _ ! I don't knowiftbere is or not, but I am going back to sec, and I want you to come with > "Now?" said ? George; rattier "uneasily. «• Why, colonel, that hain't a Veiy nice spot to go'digging about: in on a night like this. I uiver hoard.uo good of that there place—not as •I holds'by sicb talk myself," he added, apologetically { i •• Well,]: said the colonel, " you can du^ as oillikeVbut I'uigoingback'atonoe, and going i the hole; tie gas must be out of it by There are reasons," he adde^, " why, if now. . tbis money is to be found at all, it should be found this morning. To-day is Christmas Day, you know/]. . !" Yes, yes, colonel; I know what you mean.. 1 Bless you, I know all about it; the old squire must talk to somebody; if he don't he'd bust, so. .he talks to me. . That Cossey's coding for his answer from H es Ida this morning. .■ Poor young lady, Isawheryes'.erday, and she looks like a ghost shadu. Ah, he's a mean one, that .Cossey. Larrer Quest warn't in it with him after all. Well, I cooked his goose for him and I'd give sommut to have a h-md in cooking that banker chap's too. You wait a minute, colonel; andl'llcomeal ng, gale and ghostesses and all. Ionlyhope it mayn't after all.ba a fool's errand, that's all," and he retired to put on his boots Presently he appeared again, his red nightcap still on his head, for he was afraid- t^at the wind would blow a hat off, and osrrying an unlighted lantern in hit hand. .T r? •• pV-j "Now, colonel, I'm ready, st, if.you be," and they started. The gale was if anything, fiercer than ever. Indeed, thero had been no such tempest in those parts for years, cr rather, centanes, as the condition of the timber by 10 o'clock tha. morning amply testified., . ; / "This here wind must be like Ibat as the ■quire tells us on in tho time of King Charles,', as blew the top of the church tower off on a Christmas night," shouted Goorge; but Harold made no answer, and they fought their way c-nward without speaking any more, for their voices were almost inaudible. Once the colonel stopped and pointed to the sky-iino. Of ail the rows of.tall poplars which he had seen bending like whips before the wind as he came along but one remained standing now,, and as he pointed that vanished also. Bei'.hing the summer house in safety, they entered, and the oolonel shut and locked the door behind them The fr il building was literally racking in the fury of the storm. "I hope the roof will hold," shouted George, but Harold took no hoed. He was thinking of other things. They lit the lan teruB, of which they now had three, and the colonel slid down into the great grave he had so industriouBly dug, motioning to George to follow. This that worthy did, not without trepidation. Then tbey both knelt and stared down through tho hole iu the masonry but the light of the lanterns was not Btrong enough to enable them to make out anything with clearness " Well," Biid George, falling back upon his favourite expression ia his amazement, as he drow his nigntcapped head from'the* hole, " if that ain't a maatsr one, I nivor saw amasterer, that's all.'' • ^What be you agoing to do now, colonel ? . Hev you a ladder here P' . . ' " No," ans wered Harold, " I never thought of that, but .I've a good ropeI'll get it." Scrambling out of tho hole; ho presently re turned with along, coil .of stout rope. It be; longed to somo men' who bad been reebntly employed in cutting boughs off such of the oaks as needed attention.' / / They undid the rope, and let the end down to see how deep the pit was. ~ -When they fell that the end lay upon the floor they pulled; i< up. The depth from the hole to the bottom oj the pit appeared to be about 16 foet or a trifle more. . . . . Harold took tho iron crowbar aid h&viug; made tho cope fast to it fixed the bir across th< mouth of the aperture. Then ho do iblod th( rop'o, tied soino knots in it, and let it down inu the pit, preparatory to c!ioibing down it. UutGojrgowas too quick for htm. For getting his doubts as to tho wisdom of groping about Deal htiu's Mount, at night, in tin ardour of his barniog curiosity, he to)k th< dark lantern and holding lfc ln his teeth passed his body thtough the hole in the masonry and cautiously slid down the ropa I ' '' -Tj " Are yon all right ?" asked - Harold in> •<!: voice tremulous with excitement, for was not .r ,hiB life's fortune trembling on the tern ?. - , '.'Tea,"" answered George, in; a .doubtful;./ ivoice, and Harold . lookingdown, pould see that ho was holding the lantern above his head ~ and staring at something very hard: J ■ Next moment a most awful'howl of terror f iSchped up through the pitV. the'lantern-waif dropped upon the ground arid .the rope.-oom- v' .menoed to he agitated with !tho u'moat vio- ; ;lence. In another two seconds George's red night* hap appeared through the. hole followed by.a faoe that; was literally livid with terror.- ... < " Let me up for Goad's sake,"jhe gasped, - ■ :"ot he'll hev mo by. the leg!" : ;.r , u . "He! who?" asked the colonel, not.with-' , oat a thrill of superstitious fear—as he dragged the panting man through the hole. '•'* " But George would give ho answer until he* was through the bole and but ot.the grave. In- .' deed had it not been for the colonel's eager ' entrextieB, baoked to some extent by actual' - .'force, he wonld have been oat of the summer house and halfway down the mount by now. • ' , : " What it it ?" roared the oolonel in the hole' , to George, who, shiveringwitb terror was stand ing on.the edge thereof. ' \ ■ "It's a blessed ghost, that's what it.is, ' oolonel," answered George, keeping his eyes . fixed upon the hole as ; though he momentarily expected to see the object of his fears emerge. - . - "Nonsense," . said . Harold ... doubtfully. ; "What rubbish you talk., -What.sort of a;j, ghost?! ...... .. .. .. "A white'un," said George, ."all bones...,.; lise,!' . ... .. ; " All bonesI" anawored the colonel; why. it must to a skeleton,'', :''■■■■■ ; " I don't say that he ain't," was the anewer, ,"bat if he be, he seven foot high, and,sitting airing of hisself in a stone ba'h." ., I.-'...;. . "Oh, rubbish," says the. colonel, "How pan a skeleton sit and air himself ?" He would tumble to bits " •"I don't know, but there he is, and they ; don't call this pi ice 'Bead Han's Mount for nawtbing." : "Well," said the oolonel, argumehtatively, " a skeleton is a perfectly harmless thln^." " Tes, if he's dead, maybe, sir, bat this one's ' alive. I saw him nod his head at me." ..., " Ia>ok here, George," answered Harold,, r feeling that if this went oh muoh, longer, he „• ahonld lose his nerve altogether. "I'm not . going to be scared. Great heavens, what • . gust I I'm going to see for myself." . "Very good, oolonel," answered George, , " and I'll wait here till yon come up again— , that is if you iver du." , [To it continued.) v 