Jack Price. OKLT A DECK: HAKD. BUT BE GAVE HIS LIFE FOB OTBEBS. Isnppose not one in a thousand will rare to read a deck band's etoiy. People call us rouse and vnlear. Granted ; bnt our work make ns so. There aie ladies, I fancy, -wbo will Bhndder at the thought of finch a story, and gentlemen wbo will dip into it care fully, expecting to find a string of oathp. Judge for yourselves whether tbis tale of Jack Price, my partner, is fit for refined ears. No need totell yon of ft deck hand's life. A man tbat beats about in the cold and rain, handling elesty reps or balancing himself on the gunwale of a coal buge with twenty feet of swift water under him, is not apt to be a pretty, kid-gloved, soft-voiced fellow. If his face u rel it is because midwinter winds on the Ohio are not good £»r the com plsxion. He deals with rough work and is ongh himself ; bnt his heart is juit abont as apt to be right ai that of a Sweater or a Judge. We started from Pittsburgh on the George Hammond in July, Jack and I. There was * big river, and we made good time to LonisTille, where we shipped on the Charley , Robert*, bound for Orleans. To Bay we found it hot on the Lower Mississippi gives no idea ot the weather. Half the crew, were unfit for duty. One morning there was' a whispering among the boys. ' Wbst'e np, Jack f' said I. ? 'Stevy Bibinson'e down with swamp fever.' The bay* gathered in s knot around the capstan. Bsfore long there was a panic among them. The mate shook his head and looked ttoughtful. ' The man mnst be put ashore,' Eaid the captain. ' No, sir I ' cried Jack Price . '. Who ate yon J* 'Plain Jack Price; bnt Steve don't go ashore. It's an outrage to think of it.' ?? Who's to nnrse him?' 'Men . ' Dj you know wbat eiramp fever is I' ' Do I know anything I' ?? Doubtful.' ' I'll nurse Steve, I t?il yon 1 We've made five trips together, and if he's pnt aihore here in the swamps I go with him. ' You it if,' said the captain, turning on his heel. 'Not another man goes into Steve's s^ate-roam,' For ten days Steve's room was quaran tined. Nobody but Jack caw the inside of it. We eaw him eometimes, carrying some thing to the eick man or sitting on the guards to get a breath of air ; bit every ?onion the boat krpt out ot bis w»y. We all liked Jack, bnt the fever might ba in biB clothes. He b*gan to look raVs, but be never grnmlled. One tfay the nrira came ont to ns that Steve was dead. A few hours after we buried him on an island in the river in a pine box, and tbe only thing like a prayer eaid over him was from Jack : ' G»d help him I' The .ftver did cot spread, and we all brcetbei freer. A few evenings after Bteve'e deatfi I was en mc! at the head of the tow, and Jack was wifi me. We were pcf&Dg; at tobies to keep effi tbe morqnitocs. There was a hrzi over the water, bnt the ?tars were saining, and the broad ircer was quiet as a lake, 'Jack,' eaid I, 'Ive got a raging head ache.' '?No J' Eaid he, as if he asked a. qirstion. He took my hand and held it. ? Not fever, is it. Jack !' 'Come and lie down,' in; bis sbsw.t. A dizziness .cams over me, and, without Jack'* arm to Etra^y me, I wonld never have reached my hack. I remember very little after that. I learned afterwards that I was fielirion?, bet ton- long I can not tell yor. I remember Jack's face near me a', times a; in a dream — tbe kindl:eit face joi cvrr Fair, not handsome, may bp, tint a face with some cf God's goof n-ES in it. When I got back to reality agua I foncd Jack bending ever mi. 1 was in the rame *Tate- rroTi, and I could fed from ibe m 'lion that the boat was n--der w»-. ' How long have I bren here, Jack I ' « Qaite awhile, my boy.' *? And where are we ? * 'Not far from Memphis.' ' 'Going np or dow* ?' 'Going hoaic. Djn't (a'.k if it tires jruu.' ' What was tie ma'ter with me, Sn-X 1 ' 'A touch of fever; lr.it you're better new.' ' Cin't I look out. Ja-k ? I will do me good to see tbe car. ' He raised me np *s gently ss a woican would have done, and I looked out through the glare door cf Ike rta'-e-room eagerly as » child. Had the sun ever shone bo brightly before 1 The low wooded shores looked like paradise. Xo mountain stream ever teemed eo beautiful to me as the great meddj river. 'Jack.' Eaid I, when he {aid mi down again, ' what can I em do to pay yon !' ' Pay m: for wbat J' 'Look at me; I'm thin as s ghost. I most hare been sick a long tim». You're pulled me through, Ja-.k.' ?Tve done nothing of the kicd,' Slid he, laughing. I noticed forth: fi Ft tirrm how vervtbin mnfl pinched bis face wis. It eeemed as if lie bad grows old. ' Look at me. Jack ; you've been the best friend I ever had.' He made no nntw.-r, but took my band and pressed it. [t seemed as if a mist came fcetween as, and I Baw big !tan standing in Jack's kindly eye?. 'I thought .I'd got past thiB,' said he, conghiog. Next e»y he cam: in smiling, with a letter and some orange*. 'I went EsHoreat UetrpM3,'hetxp'airel, ?'and found a letter frum S etcr Acnie. They're looking for me home.' : 'ffe'il-som be in PennsjlTania agaiu, Jack.™ lie looked me fall in the face ana sullen. HU eyes seemed very larjje, and bis checks were blcod't-s. It faldened me to look a', bim ' '-I most go now,'saVJ h-. ' I hope youT enjoy theoixof ci.' ?- I was mecdinp: fast, an! expected to be out very conn. Jock did cot come again that da;.' Next morning the cook brought tneacupof tm.-.« „' ?» Where is Jack J' I aslcd. *? Bnsr.' I thought of him all day, bat he did not cme, 'Cook,' said I, at last, ?'£ want yen to tell me the truth about Jack.' ?? Don't yoa freti' he answered. 'But J must know.' 'Well, he s no' able to be about.' 'Wherefshe?' 'In No. 8. Bat you can't go near him ; he's got tbfi fever' Delirious! Wouldn't know bis own mo'-h -r I' ' Who's nursing Ltm I' . -I un— what little he ge'e. We can't tuafce a hospital out of the Charley Boberls.' Cojk tried to sIod me, hat I staggered across the cabin into No. 6. I could hardly Recognise Jack as he lay on the bunV, his f a-e wjai sa flashed and fa's eyes so blood shot. He bad dropped down, too wrak to take his clothes eft I took his land and ?at beside him. 'Jack, my boy, what's wronr.' 'Nothinp.Sam.' 4 j-t never eaid mnch. He was better at duing than saying. ' i looked at the poor fellow in despair. X had cerar nursed a. sick person in my life. Jte captain cam« in while X Eat there. ' We must lavo a doctor, captain,' said L ' Might as well want a gold mine,' he re plica. ' Bit look at Jack, captain. Wbat can we do!' 'I don't know.' 'Sam,' said Jack, looking at me with a strange expression, 'you know my sister Annie?' ' Certainly, Jack.' ' I want you (o tell her aboit me.' ' Ton will soon tee her. Jack.' 'No, Sam ; I'm, going.' ' We're both going home.' ' Yes, gciog home. I'm tired 1 Tired I '* ' Then rest. Jack. I *hall be here.'' 'Take my hand, Sim.' 'I hare yocr hand, my boy. Try to sleep.' ' Yes,' he went on, pVmlin j, ' there's Annie at the door. She looks more aad more like mother as she grows older. She's glad to see me, from the way she smiles.' ' Indeed she is, Jack.' ' That's Sam's voice : he pot orer tbe fever well. I believe I ha] it, too. Hear old Point barking at the ga'c ; he's most as glad as Annie to see me bark. Ah, Sam, it's good to be back in Penceylvania— Go 1's country ! Annie - Annie*'' He. . fell back in a stupor, with h's eyes Ee'. I f tit a spasm pass throagh his f rail', after which his bsni lay in mine like a lifc lea thing. I looked np qucstioaingly at the cap'ain. ' God help him ! H ; is d :a,1.' ' Oh, surely not !'' 'Deal!' faeicpeated. Only whea I bent over him did I believe it. Jack was dead. 'He diid wort ing for others,' taii the cap*sin,and in lieu of better words thess must stand for his epitaph. 'I can oaly tell Jack's story in a plain way. I can not fill your eyes with tears as mine are filled, as there is no art behind m v words. Ton read of good men — ans^lfista and heroic men tbat poets s'ng cf and tiF torians immortalise— but here there was one that nobody ever heard of. Who wai tbere io read a fun-ral sermen over him in a loDely placQ on the river back ntst day ? Who prjyel over the rjugh pine box I Not a prayer, cot a hymn at the funeral ; orlj some tears that catne of genuine grief. We left him there oi the river bank with a piece of driftwood to make Irs g'»ve, which tbe nrxt fl^od woald BYeep aita'. I found a little fl:wrr growing tbere— a violet, I think, which I brought avriy for Anaie. Jack was rs homely a man as ever yoa saw, a big raA-baoed fcUoor, wit^i a itrink'e of ih» eye that miie oae )anK Had yoa been hunting for a maa of p lih and educa tion you Koald n«t have picked him Ojt. Hit h;al had cot been cultivated at the ex p.-orc of h:s heart. He vsel strocg lan guage sometimes when a rape got tangled or the pamps worfcei bard, cr the crS e didn't suit bim. X am not tryirgti picture him ai p :rfe:l ; I want you to know Man as he was. His voice in a s*c'£ roim was as pentle as a child's; he had a big, tender bcut, kindlier than mrst women have, and a hand that served a friend nntil ready to drop from weariness. I nmanbet him as he bent over mo while I lay helplefs with fever, a kindly Uzht beaming in hie fax that beautified it. I learned then how on selfish be was, and my hrart went out to him, as yosrs wja'd-bave gone bad you known him. Tbis was Jv;k a* his best. ? American l'ap2T. 