LAYING TITE FOUNDATIOjs' r V " TONE OF TIUE CONVENT OF MERCY. Through the energy and influence of the 1Rev. At. Nelan the Catholics of this district are afforded the opportunity of giving their children the advantages of a high- class education, such as is seldoms accorded to even larger communitiws and this opportunity is also embraced by persons hcbelonginig to other denouii5. tions. The school established unader tihe direction of the Sisters oi Mercy about eighteen montlls ago has prosper.d so well that tie authorities decided upon erecting a. large and suitable buildl in whilch to conduct the classes, and receive resident pupils. At the end of last yeara basnar and fancy fair in aid of ties sches.i wNas organised, and with such highly favrourable results, that on Sunday last the Blishlop of BallaraLt perforciet the ceremony of la:ying the foundstion stone of the nrew convent, in the presence of a large assemblage of people mainy of whoml had travelled a con sideraible distance in order to be present on the oceaioin. 'T'he weather wias glori. ously fine, aind nothing iwas iwatintg o the part of the miniigement to nakb Siunday last aL " red lettecr day" so the nnnls of the local church body. That the Cntholics were determined to aiste the most they could of the visit of the: Bishop of their diocese may lbe draswn from the fact that Masses were cele brated at seven, eight, and nine o'clock, besides the ordinary one at eleven. The altar was specially decorated with flo:ser tor the occas;iou. Ater the eleven o'clock service was over, the Very Rev. Dr. Delaney, of Ballarat-one of the best preiachers procurable-asceuded the pulpit, and de.livered a most eloquent sermon, at the conclusion of which he made an ippeal to these present to ossist all in theirpowertheelasdable object which had brought them together. The Rev. t. Nclan tlhen imade known the arrmngemests that had been perfected for the carryin, out of the day's coeremony, amongst othben being the procession, which was, in itself, s sight worth seeing. The' young bxdies of Society of the " Children of Mary" with their blue cloaks and white dresases and veilsa. and the schotol children alt dtec.e, in white, preseinted an imposing spectacle, the first of its kind witnessed in the district. During the previous week the unis, aided by monetary assistance fromn sosme of the children, succeeded in making up and working with most exquisite taste, the isaudsbie banners diand banneretesithat were borne by the processionists. The artistic lettering, and inscriptiopns thit were wo'rked on the face so the banners gave ample proof of-ivwhat ithe deft fingers of the Sisters of Mercy can do. Po stonee could have beenleft 'unturned by them in their indefetiable exeitionris to bring to such perfection the little ones under their chnrge': B'ut to the procession. "Those who were to take part in it assembled at the schoolroom at an earlybhour in order thiit everything might be in readiness by the time .eleven o'clock M?sas wes concladed. About: half-itast. twetve the line eas formed, and.the procession started for the ch'lfurhmarching two a two tweo. First in order were the girls attending the couvent and ordinary day- schools, headed by St. Joseph's: banner, cairried by Miss AL.. (. O'teara *'.:eurther back was.: another representing the great penitent sinner, "Mary Magdaleln" borne by Miss Emsa Brady. Then. came the members of the Society of the " Children of Mary," Miss t. Scott in the veen :with a banner, an image of the " Ineaculate Conception." 'These young, ladies also wore the ribbons afid medals of their order, besides the blue cloaks and white veils.- The school.boys m si e the '??:t h enr, Master Feli~l Hills bearing an >emblem of." St. Patrick," workgd id gre en v'elvet: host of baemerettes,. with' suitable devices, were also interspersed among the processionists. The. corg?e? ettered the church by the side dobio, passed up the aisle, anid out again through th :porch, the sin-din' of the "Office ,of the :Blessed Vir.-ngi eand a hyin; " 'saith of Our Fathers," being-keptrup-the whole time'thbe'voices of the gentle .sex blending most har moniousey tosether. The congregation ewho, up till this, had retiened their seats, then ieosen aisd 'followed the proccss'ion to the convent grounds. There the latter still singing; formnned 'intb a " livieu avenue," thro-g'h which lis Lordship passed to the sc ne of operations, and where the ordkler of the day was to be elneted. The foundation stone which had bees g?o~tandy tli day before, and only, needed losrering into position, bore the following inscription :-- ton was?lid. .-Th:is Stone was laid ?osjt; per:; Jumes Moore, D.D., Lord BishoLp of Ballarat, S'i "Sunhdy, 6tth June, 1889. After it had been well and truly laid, Dr.,. Moore said it afforded hism reat pleasure to be present with thaem on that occasion. Hed' had' come at the invitttioa of their worthy pasteor, the Rev. M. Neln, for a very important object, of which they wvere fully aware. That object was to lay the foundation stone of one of those monuments; which would be a credit to them i which swould show their Catholic faith'?nd:-also show that 'they had been i brought up in the Christian faith. This was the first,tise, he had visited Coelc since his return from Europe, and he was pleased to see that the Sisters of Mercy, who were accomplishing such good throughout the diocese, had established a school in this town. Since his arrival in Australima he had taken.a great intercst in tihe establmshment of schools and educa tio'nal institutions similar. to the one they were shout to erect. In Ballarat a college had been recently built at a cost of £14,000, and on his return to the coloney he' brought With him from Rome, Fathers of the' Holy Ghost,'lio were now superin tending the work of the college. In ad dition to this college another building had been erected at a cost of £1000,.while the total expenditure in the cause of eduction in the Iallarat diocese alone amounted to £27,800. The Bishop then referred to the great adirantages education bestowed upon a. community, and strongly exhorted parents to send their children regularly ;to school.. To carry on schools that would impart the higher branches of instruction, especially in sparsely populated districts, monetiry assistance was required, and he trusted.the people would contribute se doriliig'to their means, to the education of theirchildren, and that they would come forward that day and place their donations on the stone. • The Bishop then handed the Rev. 0. Nelan a cheque for £50 towards, the build ing;. the total amount received that day being about £150. The' ceremony, having been duly per fomieid "aoid the building and groued consecrated, the people and proes ion all i-etirn"ed to the'. church a'gain. His 'Lordship thlen pronounced the Papal 'beinediction, and after the singing of a hymn of tantksgiving by the choir, the proceedings were brought to a close.a In the evening, at vespers, the ier. Dr. Delaney preached another very in teresting sermon, and throughout was listened to with wrapt attention by his many hearers. Tile building, which has been designed by Messrs. T'l'appil, Dennehy, and Gilbert, of Melbourne, is being erected immediately west of the church, on a splendid site coammanding a fine view of Lake Colae and the township. It will be two storeys high, constructed of brick resting on a stone and concrete fouisdation, with slate roof, and will contain twenty-four rooms, which will bIe ample for present requirements. No particular style of archlitecture has been adhered to, but every precaution has been taken by the architects to give the greatest accoummodation for thie estimated cost, which is about £2000. The builders are' Messrs. Kellett aid James, and the work is beling carried out under the super vision of Mr. J. HI. Spark. Mr. Alex. Armstrong hIrs been apoointcd by the Governor-in-Couiinecil a muemlr of the school board of dlvice for the Middle Riding of the Shire of Leigh. In the N.S.W. dssembly on FrideS night the bill to provide for the payment of members, at the rate of t300per anul'u, was clarried on a division by al majority of 30\. The bill is mau;lde applicabhle to the Assembly only. An attempt in coOnittee to maku e th paylment al:ply only to ftre rarlihmonts was defeated. 