AMONGST THE BOdKS. LITERARY GOSSIP. Tho ranks of novol writers arc about to re ceive a recruit in the person of Mr. Yal Prinsop, A.R.A. The new story which Mr. "Wilkie Collins has nearly comploted, anil which is to appear in aerial form in tho Illustrated London Hews is entitled 44 Blind Love." Chicago will havo ono of tho ilnost liberies in the world in the courso of a fow years. Mr. TV. L. Newberry loft tho sum of 250,000 doll- for the purpose, and it is now intended to erect a mag nificent edifice, capable of holding 300,000 volumes. Colonel Hay, tho author of tho well known American novol, 44 Democracy, " and of tho delightful poem "Little Breeokes" and "Join Bludso, " is at presont on a viait to his cousins on the other sido tho Atlantic. Ho was the other day tho purchaser of two of the Tonny6on manuscripts, namely, " Tho Dedication of tho Poems to tho Queen " and tho 41 Stanzas to the, Rev. F. D; Maurice." Grievous aro tho perils, says tho- Pall Mall Gazette, that environ thoso who ihoddlo with cohl iron oven in tlie shape of thcr pen of the novelist. Ono young- lady, whoso novels aro very painstaking studies of real life, is just now confronted by a demand for £20,000 damages, because a west ond tradesman imagined that he could descry that lie had served' as tho original for ono of tho characters in her. latest novel. The book has meantime boon withdrawn from circulation. ; Canon Cook, tho distinguished editor of the Speaker's Commentary, after being incapacitated -from duty by- ago and infirmity for tho last two years, died tho other day at Exeter. Ho retained his faculties to the ond, and- was engaged in his favorito studios till within a short timoof his death. The late Canon was not merely ono of tho most eminent theologians of tho age, but ho was also a man of great literary distinction and of wide loariug. His conversation was delightful, and, as a famous divino onco remarked: no intelligent Ecrson could talk with Canon Cook for half an onr without bcin" entertained and instructed. Mr. Mowat has boon appointed ourafcor of the Bodleian Library, in succession to the lato Pro fessor Ohandlor. Referring to tho recent sale of Tennysonlan manuscripts tho poot'ssonnow writes expressing his illustrious father's Burpriso and indignation that 44 unpublished vorses of his have been made fmblio, and tho manuscripts sold without his eavo." Wo aro furthermore told that some of tho oorrootions appear uot to be tho Laurcato'n, and altogether thcro seems to liuvo boon a groat to do at Farringford. Princo Bismarck, it is said, gets every scrap of his memoranda, once it is done with, torn up, sealed in bags, and sent to the post office to be reduced into pulp. But does tho ghost of a fear never haunt him that even among tho servants of the incorruptible fatherland there may not bo found one now and then to rescue a chanco 44 lot " for the benefit of posterity and tho attendants at a sale of autographs ? Lord Tennyson has been particularly unfortunate in other ways than the one here indicated. Nearly every line lie lias ever written has been fished up and re printed. Correspondence had been going on between Lord Salisbury, tho Mayor of Rome and Mr. Kennedy, of the British Embassy, as to the con templated interference with the grave of the poet Keats and his friend Severn. It may not b® amiss to mention that a son of the latter is still alive, and that he practises professionally the art in which his father displayed consider able skill as an amateur. Mr. Walter Severn is a painter of repute. The elder Severn, with tho artistic instinct in full ferment, found a kindred spirit in the poet whoso life-long friend ho remained, and whose genius he appreciated with a measure of appreciation which presented itself in strong contrast to tho spirit of the age. With the exception of Leigh. Hunt and Shelley, poor Keats had but few real admirers in his day. The first named praised him in most graceful prose while living; tho latter mourned him in an elegy which ranks with 44 Lycidas " and 44In Memoriam," when dead. Well may the Severus bo proud of their connection with tho poet of tho beautiful— he who sang of 44 Endymion " and re-animated for us the dead Greek gods ; who told in incompar able verse the story of 44 St. Agnes' Eve;" who wrote what aro considered two of the finest odea in the language — 44 To a Nightingale " and 4 4 To a Grecian Urn" — from which latter Mr. Ruskia is never tired of quoting as an instance of abso lute perfection tho line, 44 For ever shalt thou love and she bo fair." The Times publishes tho results of the sale of Lord Hopetoun's fino old library, Tho follow ing are given amongst a large number of others as interesting examples Herodotus, Latine, Lugduni, 1551, bound by Clovis Eve in Grolior style with arras of a cardinal, £39 ; Marguerite do Valois, L'Heptameron, Lyon, 1581, bound by Descuil, £23 ; Martialis, first Aldine, Yenetiis, 1501, large copy, covered with rich gold tooling, £13 58.; Petrarcha Coso Volgari, first Aldine, and the first Italian work printed in his italic typo, on vellum, Yinegia- Aldo, 1501, the first leaf ornamented with arms and motto of Lord Johnstone, a largo and beautiful copy, tho con tents in gold lettors and miniature with the crowning of Petrarch, bound in rod morocco by Padeloup, £300 (Quaritch) ; Didot's copy sold for 8000 f. ; Langhonez, Voyage by four Hoi- landers into the East Indies, woodcuts and map, 1598, and Raleigh's Disco verie of Guiana, 1596, vellum, wants title, £33 10s. A large selection of Scottish State letters and papers of the 16th century bound between blank paper in Russia extra ; several aro to Mary Queen of Scots, one boing from Cardinal Farnese, 1545, £300 (Quaritch), Virgilii Opera, first edition, folio, Rorme, per O. Suueynheyn et A Pannartz without date, but 1469. Fine copy with border and initials illuminated in gold and colors, bound in old blue morocco. Not more than six copies of this first, edition can be traced, and theso aro in public libraries. An imperfect copy sold in tho La Valli&re; sale, 1784, .for 4101 f. for tho Paris Royal Library. Tho Cata- lecta aro not in this preseut copy, nor are they in tho Tabula, so that Brunei's suggestion that the volume was issued both with and without them is no doubt correct. This was the most important book after the famous Canterbury Bible, and thero was a spirited contest for its possession between Mr. Quaritch and Mr. Toovey, who was tho puichaser at the consider able sum of £590. The total of the four days' sale amounted to £6117 6s., which gives an average of about £5 per lot. Tho centenary history of tho Journal des Debuts, which came into existence simul taneously with the Revolution, contains fac similes of its first number, and of others which appeared in different revolutionary crises, and portraits of MM. Provost- Paradol, Girardin, Jules Janiu and the Bertins, all formerly mem bers of its staff, and a group portrait of all the members of the present staff. There is also a copy of the painting now in the Salon by Jean Beraud, of the old house in the Ruo des Fretres, in which the Debate came out, and another of the court in tiiat house. The history of tho journal before it was managed by the cider Bcrtin ia written by 3L Bardonx. Tho Debuts was created by a M. Gaultier do Biuuzet, an advocate practising at Clermont, in Auvergno, who was sent to the States General as a disciple of Turgot and a promoter of financial and political reforms. Tho Debuts started as a constitutional and monarchical organ, and only snoko favorably of Louis XVI. in 1792 tlie eurolmont of volunteers deprived the journal of many of its printers, and its publication was suspended during a fortnight. It continued to givo only meagre records of events Tho cxeoution of Louis XVI. was thus givon on the 21st January, 1793 : — 41 Tho sitting was opened by the reading of a lotter from the citizen Bois 1c Due. Ho de manded that Louis should be buried at Sens, be- sido his father. The Assembly, after resolving that Louis should be buried in tho section of his Arrondissement like every other citizen, voted tho order of the day. Tho excout ivo council sent to the convention tho proc&s-verbnl; of the execution of Louis, which tho convention refused to hear." Louvot tho Giroiulin was at this time political editor, but soon withdrew from the post. Dur ing the Roigu of Terror tho style of tho journal became colder ; it sought, howevor, to amuse its readers by now aud then giving a Republican hymn or song; and it so far gratified the Revolutionists1 as to describe tho Feast of Reason and tho Ninth of Thermidor. The only news it vouchsafed of Robespierro's death was a report of a statement made at a sitting a£ tho convention. Under the Directory it began to- breathe more freely audio expand. A foreign ojlumn was added' whioh contained a short lotter and cuttings; from- tho London papers. Athoatrical chraniquc was also added. Jloports were; given of the pictures in tho , Salon, and of tho awarding of prizes to pupils at tho Conservatoire. After tho 18th of Brit- mairoless importance was. attaohed to tho do- bates in. tho Corns Ldgisl&tif; than to tho mili tary news, for Bonaparte's ochiovomonts were beginning to leave small room for anything else. It wasafc this juncture that tho Bortins thought of buying tho paper, . They had gained jourhalistio experience and ominenco in tho Eclair. an anti-Jacobin . naner which thov founded, and whioh they afterwards fused witli tho other. . Tho Eclair was universally read; in London as an authority on Frouoh politics, and got a name for truthfulness, though on ono occasion a capitalist had brought out in London a forged edition of tho Eclair , in which tho nows was given that a peace convention had been signed between tho Gorman Emperor and tho Frcnob Ropublio. Tho ossays ou tho different famous defunct members of the staff are mostly written by regular contributors to tho journal# Ono of tho oxcoptions is tho biography of if. ./. Cuvillicr-Floury, which is from tho pen of thoVr- - Due d'Aumalc. Alexandra Dumas treats ,oET\v Frederick SoulitS, IAtm Say of Bcrtin the eldtuy John Lomoinno of Armand Berlin, M.JainovOi Edoiiard Bertiu, M Duromberg of Littr3, M. Lefouv6 of Hetzel, M. GnSard of Provost- Panulol, and M. Weiss of Victor Hugo and tbo Bertins. Jules Simon writes the history of the . Dcbats under the restoration. Ludovio Halvy " has written the history of the old house in the Rue des Pretres, whore tho Dcbats is edited and printed. 