THE MERCURY. J. , J"..- - I J I I I I ST HOBART: THURSDAY, N0V;\7;aS9. " -- - till EPITOME Of NEW, ll 'j Pateena will not, leave Launceston till Friday at 2 p m for Melbourne Cottage burnt at Burnie on the 31st ult. Incendiarism suspected Members of the Caledonian Choral Society seat for special practice in St. Andrew's Hall this evening Bishop (Montgomery does not approve of raffles, art unions, and other catchpenny pious frauds in aid of churches. I. X'J Half-yearly meeting of shareholders in the Starlight P.A on Friday, the 15th, at the Exchange Rooms, Collins street. Hobart Horticultural Society's Spring Show of flowers, etc, is fixed for next' Wea nesday, and entries must be sent in on or before Monday next - Port Esperance and Southport regatta committees have amalgamated and intend holding the " Southern Tasmanian Regatta at Esperance this year and Southport next year e, Inquest yesterday on death of Robert Williams resulted in verdict of accidental death. Rider added disapproving of conduct of Drs. Crampton and Dinham in not giving medical assistance when requested Messrs Alfred Page, John Bisdee, and Oscar Flexmore are the retiring Green Ponds councillors, and nominations of these gentlemen, or others, receivable between the 28th inst. and the 6th prox Sydney woolbrokers dispute amicably settled, a 1 a a a J i J Sydney shop assistants Uniting in action with, Trades andvl*boor Council. u 11 Continuously good prices are maintained in the Melbourne wool market. 1 Sir Saul Samuel's birthday banquet marked by strong pi federation speeches The recent distribution of red ribbons to the Paris Exhibition Commissioners and others is looked upon with scant favour Amale professional Acrobat, and a female variety performer, charged with murder of a lad aged 6 years at Sydney ! Sydney King street draper named Bartlett shot yesterday by a man named Willoughby Andrews iii ) Strike of stevedores men at Port, Melbourne amicably settled, Wharf. labourers now bowling ?- The five armoured cruisers and two torpedo boats for Australian mercantile defence are expected to arrive at Melbourne next year Three thousand people in Fitzroy, Suburb of, Melbourne, favour the keeping open of fruit shops on Sunday. on An-early arrangement of the long pending difficulty re departure of homeward mails from Adelaide is now expected. Australian Agricultural Company Will disburse £600 a year among survivors of those who lost their lives in the recent colliery accident at Hamilton I - i li-'' ~ Brisbane unemployed clamouring for the starting of reproductive works by the Government, and also asking? for restriction of immigration. ) ,- t Sir The South, Australian Got ernment will at once issue to the Chaffey firm the title deeds for land at Renmark, the new irrigation colony i a 11 Mr- Tabart's sdg£estion'that dipping of sheep sea-borne between clean colonies shall be dispensed with under certain restrictions has been adopted by the Intercolonial Conference now sitting in Melbourne. In the Legislative Council yesterday Mr Rooke's motion for a call of the Council was agreed to, the date being fixed for Tuesday, the 14th Inst The Real and Personal Estates Duties Amendment Bill, and the Town Boards Act Amendment Bill were read a third time and passed. The amendments made to the Cornelian Bay Recreation ground Bill in committee, were agreed to by the Council, and the third reading fixed for next day. The Rabbits Destruction Bill was read a second time, an amendment that it be read " this day six months " being lost, committed, reported with amendments which were ordered to be considered next day 2 The Sorell Railway Bill was read a second time on a division of 9 to to 5, committed, reported without amendment, and the third reading fixed for next day. The Council adjourned at 916 until 4 next day. JL IN the House of Assembly yesterday, Business was confined to the consideration of the Appropriation Bill The second reading was agreed to after some debate, but in committee an amendment was moved, limit- ing supplies to six months of the year Ministers objecting to this, the Opposition avowedly took to stonewalling, and eventually secured a count out It was understood afterwards that an endeavour would be made to affect a compromise when the House again met at the usual hour next day. The financial position gras, once again, the subject of a prolonged discussion in the Assembly yesterday, on the Appropriation Bill being brought in. The appearance of the Bill was somewhat a surprise, it must be admitted, although notice had been given late on the previous night, because there still i remains a great deal of business to be done, or at least there remains a great deal of business which ought to be done Ministers must be admitted to be unfortunate in their ways, for they give causes of offence, even if they mean none Last night, the financial position was traversed over again, and with some results that have not been brought out so clearly before, or not at all The leader of the Opposition, as such leaders always are, was full of doleful prophecies of the future, but on some points he did not prophecy until he knew, which is always discreet method of proceeding. It is now admitted that the revenue from the Customs will not come up to the estimate of the Treasurer, and there is, naturally a difference of opinion as to the amount-The"miiiiaterial_ supporters are content to believe that the total defioieboylwill toot be móreUthauf one per cent which may be said to be rather a novel way of putting it, whereas the Opposition sees (danger ahead of a' more' serious character. Looking at the case dispassionately, we may say that the fact is gradually coming to be, admitted, that it will be necessary to readjust taxation; smithereens much evidence to show that this work should have been done last session, at the time when Ministers declared that they saw their way to carry on'andgradually pay off the deficiency. We are quite convinced that they do not see their way to all this now. The Treasurer, having been fairly driven from his Customs entrench- ment, on which he used to rely, now says that the deficiency there will be made up from other sources He appears to depend on what is called the inland revenue, such as rents of mining leases, dividend tax, and the revenue from the sale of lands. Only the last named source appears to be one which can be relied upon, for there is more land now being sold than for some time past, a fact which way be said to show the general prosperity of what is called the agricultural interest. Whether the Treasurer will come out right is a mere matter of chance, upon which nobody can be said to be able to give a decided opinion, but so far, the aspects of the, case are unfavourable We certainly, do not go so far as the leader of the Opposition, who sees a future full of doubts and dangers, depressed business, failure of dividends,, and farmers ruined by the abundance of their crops, which they are quite unable to sell. As Coleridge said that he had seen' too many ghosts to believe in them, so we may say that we have heard too many of' these Opposition tales to attachments importance to them, but still it must be admitted that the Treasurer has, failed to, establish his, financial position, on to show that he will be able to provide for the deficiency as he proposed' There is an evident financial weakness. There is nothing positive or-assured, and it is possible that the next year may be heralded in with a financial difficulty which should have been provided for, and would have been, but for the inability of Ministers, to; devise any acceptable, we may say, reasonable; scheme of taxation. Up to this point we are entirely with the Opposition members, and, further than this it is not necessary that we should follow thee. The difficulties writer we have pointed out several times are now plain and unmistakeable, and nothing can be clearer, than that the Treasurer is quite unable to show that he can do what-he-has undertaken. A revival in mining or some other happy accident- may help him out of his trouble) but' he is dependant on accidents and not upon judgment. ' A proposal was made to grant only six months supply, with the view, it was said, to compel Ministers to call Parliament together early in June next J This was resisted as an attempt to degrade the Ministry, which was, probably, not very far from the truth, but', then, it does not r seem to us to matter much. Financially, Ministers cannot be; more degraded than they are l ' They have played such fantastic tricks and made so many blunders that they can hardly be hurt, by anything that may be done in regard to the finances, especially when we remember that they themselves, only asked for six months' supplies last year's order to placate their own following. Indignation therefore, from the Ministerial benches seems to be rather out of place on such Ja''poiufc, for Ministers have gone'ihrough',SQ much that they can hardly be supposed, to have any financial conscience left Still, the whole bother appears to, us to be very much in the nature of make-believe. Whatever the financial position may be if cannot now be dealt with, and must be accepted The majority of members have decided-to-take things on trust, and of trustïithey must be taken If, the, Opposition, is prepared to turn, out then Ministry the fight I would have a mean- ing, but I as' matters A stand we cannot see what is to be gained by further delay. There is no doubt that things are not what they were expected to be, but there is no hope that delay ' will 'alter their ' We think, certainly, that (Ministers would have been wise if they had delayed the introduction of the of Appropriation Bill, seeing that a call of the House is to be made, but we do not expect that the call will materially affect the final result *" We cannot, however, believe that any member can have been really taken by surprise It has been announced over and over again that the session was nearly at an end, so that the advent of the Appropriation Bill was a matter of course The proposed purchase of the Main Line Railway has somewhat altered the aspect of affairs, as the session must now be prolonged for a week at least, but we do not see what difference this can make Even a defeat of the Ministry would only lead to a dissolution, which would be most inconvenient at the present time, and even then supplies would have to be voted, i In short, however we regard this business, we can only conclude that it does not matter much. Whether the Appropriation Bill is passed at one time or another , does not in reality, make much difference, and, as far as we remember, it has often been brought inJ when there remained a good deal of business to do, as in the present session. Altogether, we regard the whole proceedings yesterday evening as merely a final manifestation of feeling, which is not expected to produce j any particular result?. I Nor is there anything to be gained by the limiting of supplies to six months, I a proceeding which is always attended with some inconveniences, without, in this instance, any particular gain. Ministers will have to face the finan- cial position next year, no matter what supplies may be voted, and there is no means by which more can be done than has been this year. We do not like the situation, we i regard the House as having been incapable of [doing stamping, but, there is no hope of a cbange^UBlil next, session, and it is idle to pretend that there is " a; -ÏME-Appropriation Bill brought about. is. kincFof crisis in the House of Assembly yesterday The Treasurer, in moving He second reading of the measure, at last ad- mitted""" that This estimate of Customs' revenue would not be realised, although he threw out dark hints of revenue to come from a prospective purchase of the Main Line Railway the consolidation of the loans of the colony. As to the new public works agreed to this session, Mr. Bird said it was not likely that all would be accomplished during the present, year, but of it was possible a sum of £200,000 might be required, he intended to ask for Treasury Bills for that, amount, to be used if required during 1890. Mr. Burgess was, as usual, a bold critic of the Treasurer's statement, making an especial point of the fact that the Government estimate of the Customs revenue for the year could not possibly be' realized. The Treasurer' had estimated his Customs revenue for '1889 as being £24,000 more than that for 1888 ; but, as the first ten months of 1889 only showed £4,000 more than the similar period, in 1888 there was no chance that the. other £20,000 would be made up before the end of the year. Mr. Burgess also commented on the continued falling off in the Mining revenue generally and attributed the all round decrease in the revenue to this cause, and the consequent decrease in the dividend tax. The Opposition claimed there must be a considerable increase to the deficit, and that the situation demanded immediate action to put the finances straight; and to ensure this being done tried to limit the,granting(of, supplies to, six months. This Ministers strenuously, resisted, and the Opposition being as decisive in their action,' a little stone-walling took place.',', it proved effectual, also, owing to a mistake amongst the officials of the House. The attention of the Chairman being called to the paucity of members present, the Opposition having left in a body to get a count-out, the Chairman, contrary to the standing orders, had the bell rung. quorum not being formed, the matter, was reported 1 to the Speaker and the bell being again rung' a quorum was formed Next'^ttme'Hnero was no quorum. The Chairman again had the bell rung, but the Speaker now had found out his error, and, after counting, at once adjourned the House,!-' and the Government members trooping in a little later, found they were Sj little too late, the unfortunate whip being one of them. The House accordingly stands adjourned until today, the bill being in the meantime hung up. "It Tyas understood, however, that after the House rose a compromise was suggested the Opposition to consent to the bill going through committee, and the third reading to. behold, over until all other important bills had (been passed through the House, with the exception of course? of the Maid Line Railway purchase question, The . arrangements,, ¡ whatever they are, should certainly be made quite clear when the House meets to-day. The very same way in which the Treasurer gave way in Committee of Supply on Tuesday evening, in the matter of the vote for the Launceston Industrial and Juvenile Exhibition, the votcforül.OOO being reduced to £500, with scarcely any demur from its proposer has not, naturally, been received with favour in the Northern city.! Yester- day Mr. Burgess, who was the only member to support the larger sum, received a telegram from Mr. Scott, M.H.A.] mayor of Launceston, expressing the disappointment of everyone in the Northern city at the reduction in the vote and asking him to use every means to got the vote re-committed. The public, Mr. Scott said, had subscribed £600, on the faith of, £1,000 being granted by J Parliament, and knowing full well that a lesser sum would be insufficient, and it was certain any delay would prevent the exhibition being opened next year. We do not think the supporters of the exhibition needed as far as this. The momentary Ministerial weakness may have placed them in a dilemma, but the larger au omit having been promised by Ministers to a deputation, it is not likely the Cabinet would refuse to advance the other £500 with the intention of placing it on the supplementary estimates on good cause being shown to it that the money was wanted. it is, unfortunately, too late now to get it included in the Appro prUtion'Bill of the present year. a- " A very unusual point j was raised in the Assembly yesterday during the excitement attendant upon the division of the principal clause of the t Appropriation, Bill. Just before the names were-taken, the leader of the' Opposition, sitting In Ids' placed care the attention, of the Chairman, Mr. Lette, to the fact that the member for South Hobart, Mrs Belbin, it was, noting in the division, although he had), paired., off with one of the members-for Wellington, Mr. Mackenzie As the House 'was no formal , , , , 5 MR. III Sir I f J/O knowledge of any such, thing as pairs, the Chairman would, take no cognizance of the point, but subsequently the Treasurer! on Mr. Belbin's, behalf, and later on Mr. Belbin himself, by an interjec- tion, denied the fact of the pair having been arranged. Both sides seemed equally certain of their accuracy, and so, the matter rested for, the, time, but it can hardly be allowed to stay there Pairing is a very fair and very legitimate way of arranging for a member who cannot avoid being absent from the House without stultifying his position as a member, but it is a convenience which can "' only be carried on if strict loyalty is observed. The matter therefore is one that should be cleared up. of Mr. Crosby has not only, done the country good service by his action in connection with the Rabbits Destruction Bill, but he has demonstrated to Parliament, 'If' such were necessary, ''that a large Agricultural Society is a power in the land. As he told the Legislative Council, it was really the outcome of a large meeting of members of the S.T.A. and P. Society some years ago, and although Parliament had refused It then, Mr. Nicholas Brown had into duced it to their notice again. Mr. Brown has really been able to do more as a private member than he could as a Minister in this respect,' and he has to thank Mr. Crosby for improving his bill by making it mandatory instead of permissive. Mr. Gellibrand, the member who had charge of the bill in the Council, must have been surprised to see it go through, as he almost invited members to throw it out when he moved the second reading. 2, , If the residents of Sorell and the districts which the Bellerive Sorell railway will serve over had any doubt about the Premier's regard for them, his advocacy of their rights in the Legislative Council last evening should remove them. He wired the present and future prospects of the district and the railway for which he asked an increased I note with great force, and succeeded in carrying the second reading by 9 votes to 5. Nothing was said in committee upon the bill, and it awaits its third reading to day. The principal objection to the line was run allies cutty of crossing the Derwent, and although Mr, Coote mysteriously spoke of a project for constructing a bridge over the river-a project which is now flying about London and Paris, the doubt still remained. Vice-Regal. Lady Hamilton will not be at home at Government House on Monday afternoon next, 11th inst., , <,,-.; Held' Over.-Supremo'Court; Country News,' Letter to the Editor, and other ""We. ' ".'iKiTVf say i/W" A City Council's move tingal tW council, in committee of the£Wholët>wasfôslteè; for yesterday morning consider the offer of. Messrs. Stephens ne removaliof^aightsoiLi There were present the Mayor, Aldermen Smith, Crouch, Arnott, Reynolds, and Hiddlestone, and there being three absentees. it was decided to make a call of the council for Tuesday qcxÇatllVni.l 5 I I The Railway Accident. From one of the passengers we glean the following particulars of the mishap on the T.M. Lino on Tuesday, of The train was about two Laid- by half miles north of Cowra, at the time office accident and travelling with increased speed. Hilo readjust commented on this fact when a heavy grinding noise was heard followed by the carriage being lifted from the rails a distance of 15, or 18 inches On spitting out it was found that the tender was lying buried in the sand, and one carriages, fortunately empty of, passengers, had she left the rails, whilst the engine after the connecting rod joining the tender , had broken had run on down the line some 400yds. or more. The carriages fortunately did not telescope, but v the one which ran into the sandbank after leaving the line, was badly smashed by the succeed- ing carriage, The line was 'turn-up i for i a long distance;, examination showing where the tender had first left the eastern < rail, and run, for some distance on the other before leaving the line. The guard walked to Conara, and communicated with, head quarters and Launceston, the Hobart ordinary train bringing the passengers from that place to town, and a special engine from Launceston taking those from Hobart north, The express passengers were', conveyed to Conara by vehicles, which reached , the scene of the derailing of the tender and, carriages about three-quarters 11 of an hour later. Our informant says he considers the, cause to be possibly attributable to the fact that the recent floods had occasioned displacement of the permanent way, together with the increased speed at which the train was travelling. Mr. Blacket, Who was passenger,, was badly cut about the head and face, and returned to" Fingal." This was the only person in jured in any way, although several suffered severe shaking. ' 1 Mr W. J. Jarvis This worthy citizen has for many days past been in the throes of struggle with the dire disorder congestion of the lungs, and he has nearly succumbed. Thanks, however, to careful nursing and skilled medical treatment by Dr. Wolfhagen, he is now, much better. Town residents and country friends will alike be glad to hear, this, as Mr. Jarvis circle of acquaintance is wide spreading. He recently visited Melbourne, where he got into the midst of a bad weather and suffered his indisposition, culminating in the present severe attack. I Holy Trinity, Bazaar.- "Bazaars we detest; this'-is'nota bazaafj"Wer«thtífirst lines of the programme Postered-for' ha'penny at the Holy Trinity sale of work and produce, opened by Lady Hamilton in Trinity School-room yesterday afternoon Prior to Her Ladyship formally'-' declaring the sale open for transaction of business, the Rev. G. i Shoobridge ' mentioned the object of the sale was to provide new choir seats, and to assist it in wiping off an uncomfortable church debt. Bishop Montgomery expressed the pleasure it gave him to visit the parish, and added that he was glad to find it was a bona-fide affair and that raffles and art, unions were absent, for those Were features in a bazaar of which he did not approve,,, Lady Hamilton was presented by Miss Ho wa with a splendid. bouquet of cream roses, pansies and, clematis, with streamers of moss green silk ribbon A similar honour was to have been accorded Mrs 'Montgomery ' but in her absence the Bishop, at the hands of Miss Mace, " was, made" the recipient of a basket of cream and red , roses bordered with maiden hair! ferns; and finished of with creàm'ribboris.' These pretty 'cere' monieéoonelnded,-liü«ine«s'begaivÍB'Ieariie8t,i and the stalls, which by the way were'stalls' in every sense of the '"word,"'Were1 besieged with customers whom willing hands quickly attended. At the refreshment staff, which the committee had wisely placed in a con- spicuous placed the Misses Magrath and Mdlle Maillard had confectionery in abundance, but which rapidly disappeared as time wore on. .' There was evidently many a " sweet tooth " in the assemblage.'' Incline diately in front of the platform, profusely decorated with moss, Chinese lanterns, land huge Japanese < umbrellas was the! flower stall; where the winsome smiles of Misses Howe,' Mace, and Stops quickly secured them a coterie of customers, mostly gentle- men, and their aptitude for business was proved by the number of J" button-holes" disposed of. At the far end I of this stall was displayed dairy produce of a substantial kind.'' The choir stall was ranged along the right-hand side of the room, and was filled with useful and fancy articles, Japanese goods and a number of worked I cushions. This was also in charge of a well organised persuasive brigade. The Misses Haywood, Canaway, Sinclair,! Roberts, and,Picsso-(2)'let very few pass without becoming the purchasers of some article, ornamental, artistic, useful or otherwise. Directly opposite was 'the guild stall, which had for its attendants Mesdames Shoobridge, On £5 Davies, Atkins, i Piesse; Norman, and Misses Shoobridge, Faulkner, and Hodgins. . Here business with satisfactory financial regattas, also i proceeded briskly, and at the bottom of the room were the fisbOpondrmunaaed! by Misses Rigby and Elliott (2), and the Christmas tree, in charge of the Misses Seager (2). i)Ai>Hlie former the line, which had a specially made hook, was cast over screen, and -directly a bite was felt it was hauled up, and instructions giverV'not" to open 'shellfish" until the possessor was wall outside. It, was very noticeable that gentlemen generally found they were blessed with a fisherman brought forth a deal!. Air., Percy Bono's side show of Mechanical'' Wonders was well worthy a^yi^.^In^he/dsçoratiye art Messrs. T. J. Haywood and F Bowden had an (juiUoA(thom9elyes,.Iili'.'so" noteworthy a fashion, particularly the former, as to call forth numerous eúiogiüms'.'ánd Mrs Olney, whocoustiuctcd the arch of evergreens at the entrance, had achieved a like success. The flags were loaned by Mcbsis.''C.i J'. Piesse and-T/iRoynolds'/'l-Tho total amount realised yesterday was £57 and the sale will be continued this evening at 7 o'clock. " ?'.- >' \- ii j t i'J I am , j, m wi Ai.r.3AISilfs;SAlflOKWoiiK.^-Asannpuncod, a sale of work will>bo opened in All Saints' Schoolroom, in rear of the Church, in aid of the Parsonage, 'by Lady Hamilton, at 3 o'clock this afternoon. Resides fancy and plain needlework!, niany^udefnl articles will be found for sale. Some Swiss goods have arrived, and ought to be a special attraction. A flower and vegetable stall has been set up, and the choicest things in these will be sold at a low figure o. Should the day prove close, the refreshment stall will be well patronised ; here, also dairy pi aduce may be obtained, among other good things are the cigars, tobacco, etc., from the well known house of White, Liverpool-street. A fishpond has been provided for those who have good faith in an angler's luck. Father Damiex..-A leoturo'was'dclivered last evening in St. ' Mary's schoolroom by the Rev. H. J. Beechinor, of Richmond,, on Father Damien, and there was only a small attendance, owing probably to counter attractions. The lecturer traced the life of the martyrs from his 'birth in Belgium, deal- ing with his inclination to wonder in the fields alone for church worship,! his subsequent determination to devote his time and energy to the work off saving souls his! departure to the Sandwich. Islands in 1803, the work amongst the lepers, and his death from the dire disease. The lecture was an eloquent one, and deserved better patronage than it received During the evening the following programme was gone through Pianoforte net, Misses L. land t M. Griffiths songs, | *' Killarney,"., Mr. McHugo ;. ',' The blind girl' to her' harp,"'.'-Miss "'Bingham ; " Beautiful girl of Kildare,'': Mr. P. L Johnston i f Tired' Mrs, McHugo ; "A, song for me," franc. McAllen ; " Hymn ? pt the > Moravian Nuns," Miss I Bingham,; " The Irish emigrant," Master Mccormick ; ',' Queen of the earth," Mr. D. Griffith : " I cannot sing the old songs,' Mrs. I McHugo ; duet, "The minute gun at sea," i Mr. D,,andMiss Griffiths ; As, What are' the wild waves saying!" Mr. and Mrs. McHugo. A vote of thanks to the lecturer, and another to the Chairman, the Rev. M. J. O'Regan, concluded the proceedings. The Tableaux Vivants at New Town. At the close of a very successful entertainment on Tuesday evening the Ladies Com- mittee rircsojnted_a_ beautiful bouquet of New -Tcwn~flówéH to Lady Hamilton in honour of her first patronage of a public entertainment in that district. The bouquet had been arranged by Mrs. Tetley Gant, and was worthy all the admiration bestowed. In connection with out report of the entertainment we are constrained to mention that it was marred by the printer's errors which two often' slur our columns. "Witches" was rendered "Watches," " Sarah's Young ' man " " Sarah's dying man," a sort of saturnine printer's reminder that lovelorn and dying swains are birds of a feather. r 'y Miss "_,0-.' Lovell was" again paraded as "Mrs.," and Miss Clark's name was given as Clerk." We have been asked to make that correction!. 'Mount Zeehan Railway It is under Wood that Mr. W. P. Hales will be appointed resident engineer for the Mount Zeehan Railway. City Police Court Before the Police Magistrate yesterday, Mary Hemmingway was fined 5s. or. seven days, for being drunk and incapable in Liverpool-street on Tuesday last Court of Requests. The following defended cases will be tried at the Court of Requests (£10 Jurisdiction) this day : Pocock v. Flynn,- AVobstor v. Molloy, Roberts and Air. via Elmore, Lewis v. Port house, Badcluy v Gill, J Mystery Silver Co. t>. Toplis, Scott v. Dobbie Pocock v. Moore, Luckman v. Spencer. ' Christ Collick.- The second meeting of the Natural History Society for this quarter was held at the College on Tuesday evening last,,, when, a H. Bone, read a very interesting paper. on "Cockiouclios," describing their life- history, habits, and, anatomy. This was followed by a short paper on " Cats," by C. B. Davies, in which he described the four varities the domestic, the tiger, the wild, and the Civet cat. The next meeting will be held on November 10, when Dr. Giblin will lecture on " The house we live in." , ^ , , " Fun On the Bristol "The box office for the coming season of this clever company will be opened today at Mr. Susman's. The company will arrive by express train on Friday evening, ! ' They include the pick of variety talent now in. the Southern Hemis- phore. Colonial papers published where they have recently been teem with landed tory notices of their successes. "The Widow O'Brien," is as eccentric and piquant as ever. During the season commencing on Saturday' [the O'May Brothers will run a special boat after the performance for the convenience of Bellerive residents, and the 'buses, for New Town will start from the Theatre doors. z z i Caledonian Choral Society. - This society will hold a special practice this evening in St. Andrew's Hall, A full muster of members is requested,! as the society is preparing to celebrate the Scottish festival of St. Andrew's Day by a grand concert in the' Town Hall on Friday Evening, November 20\. Several of our leading vocalists will asSist the society on this occasion. I Glebe Town.-The usual monthly meeting last evening at Ad- dlestone, the residence of the Chairman, the members present being Mr. CH. Grant (chairman), Messrs. Cade, Sculthorpe, and Cheverton,- The~minutes~of -the previous meeting were read and confirmed Accounts were passed foods listed, and the meeting adjourned., , ¡,, , c > ' HoBAfrr' HORTICULTURAL SOCIETY -As will be seen by advertisement, the. committee have decided, to hold the Spring Show at the Exhibition Building, on, Wednesday, the. 20th The special prize list is, ex-cop A tionally good, some excellent prizes being offered. For the best floral table, the prize of £3 3s. for the' first hand, calls. for the Second, should 'induce a large number to enter in this class. From the very favourable season, the display of flowers promises to be very Sue. ; At the Spring, Show, the large display of róioa'is'ui|its«lf a, great feature, and the prizes. offered, 22 2s., for, the best collection of, 24 blooms will cause, keen competition., Entries must be sent in not later than Monday, the 18th. to Mr. J. G Steele, assistant secretary" " ' \ ! Channel Excursion The s.s. Huon made a pleasure excursion yesterday afternoon to Peppermint Bay, and about 150 ' passenger's proceeded. by her.. A pleasant run downwards experienced, and (after [a two hours' stay during/ which timej(the/nelgh ,boorlioód was fully explored and many of tbe^wild^flowers^luokea by the visitors, the. steamer left for Hobart, arriving here at' half-past eight, ,8)1, on , board" living thoroughly appreciated the quiet moonlight scenes on the home journey. ' Captain Evans with his usual quiet courtesy did much to ensure all round enjoyment, in,' ? > j \DERWBiir, Sailing- Clad. ~/\Vith j the Spring of the year come the sea, breezes which sweep up the broad, Derwent almost daily, and when these breezes, have become well-established the Derwent Sailing Club opens the' yachting season. The governing powers of that Club, led on by the best Secretary ever a Hobart yacht club, has had, do not think. would be wise to delay the opening beyond next Saturday, and so they have arranged a series' of manoeuvres under the dlrcbtion'óf the Commodore (Mr. H. W. Knight), which are to take place off the Esplanade at 2.30 p.m. on, the day. Punctual at tendance is expected from every yacht on the club register, and other yachts are invited to take part. Last year the s.s. Huon follow cattle races, and was always well patronised ; this year the steamer does the same, and with every prospect of being taken advantage of to the same extent. Last of evening the new rooms of the club, situated over the Cornwall Brewery office in Collins street, were opened. ' SinCE the subject of engaging a club room was mentioned at the last general meeting of members the scheme has grown space, and the i comes they now occupy are in ovorywoyBuitable for the purposes for which they were intended, namely, social intercourse, and a meeting-place for entering yachts and engaging crews, together with dealing with other aquatic matters, as well as forming reading 'rooms The large room fronting the street contains two tables'' and ample seating accommodation, and will be used as a reading- room, where yachting papers and books will be kept. The Secretary (Mr. A. Harley), states that he will be glad to receive 'yachting periods- cabstand volumes from friends' disposed to give" for the reading-room. There are two or three small rooms adjoining the large one, and two of these have been' furnished with tables and chairs. It is intended to adorn the walls of each' room will phbtograplis'-niid illustrations of yachts. Most of the members of tile' I club have I signified their inten- tion of subscribing, and therein every likely hood of the venture being a complete success. The rooms will be open f,nm'7 to 16 each evening. All members of the club are requested, by advertisement, to meet in the now quarters to-in'orrow'dveningal'8 o'clock." Business iliinortant.''' ' ' ?' EsrERANCE-SoUTllPORT « Reüatta. A correspondent at Port Esperance writes us stating that fit the suggestion of Mr. John Hay No. 3, and Mr. Georgeson, hon.' secretary to the Southport Regatta Committee,' a meeting was held at the Albert Hall . last Friday evening to' considered 'proposal" for amalgamating the Esperance and Southport regattas,' and holding them < alternately at each port' during Christmas week in each year. - About 20 persons' attended thomoetltig, agreed to the proposal, and adjourned until the result of' the South t meeting ' could bai-ascertiine'd. I At Southport dine difh" culty was experienced in getting a meeting, and on that account' it was 'rather unsatisfactory but upon Mr. Sawers pledging' the Esperance Committee to support the South port Committed noxfrycor filthy regatta was held at Esperance this year, the majority agreed to the amalgamation. A committee was appointed to work with the Esperance Committee, and it was decided "that the regatta should be held during the Christmas week. It was decided that,/the^regatta Should be called the Southern Tasmanian Regatta, Mr. Sawers elected secretary and treasurer with instructions to'fix1*,'-date that will be most suitable for steamers.' ' J Norfolk Bay Regatta. The following entries Were received on the 5th Inst, at Tasman's Hotel, for the forthcoming Norfolk Bay Regatta Tai anna District, two entries ; Derby, two, entries ; 28ft Yachts, five entries The Four-oared Race, D.R.C., three entries, and only one entry for the 21st. Yachts. The Swimming race will be open for, post entries on the day of the Regatta.' Norfolk Bay Reoatta.-Messrs. White- house Bros, always provide the residents of the settlements along the shores of Norfolk Bay -with the means of getting to the regatta which is annually held at the head of the waters of the bay, and for Monday next they announce that the s.s. Taranna will leave Dunally at 8.30 a m,, call at Saltwater River, Impression Bay, and Cascades, and return; in the evening after the regatta is over. The Rino. Franki Payne writes from Launceston to deny statement sent thence for publication on Monday morning, that in a pugilistic match with Jerry Marshall he was beaten in five rounds. He says :-" I was backed to knock Marshall out in six rounds with big gloves, but in this I was unsuccessful, chiefly owing to the fact that the ring was excessively large." Our correspondents will do well to let pugilism severely alone. The results are not worth recording except from a police point of view. . ',, , 