THE SCRAP ALBUM. /Open to Casual Contributors.) — Correspondence held over till next issue. Presbyterian bazaar, this ' afternoon and to niglit. Saywell's subdivision sale, on the ground, near Bellambi railway station, this afternoon. Lady Robertson was interred on Thursday morning at the Watson's Bay cemetery. Supplementary sale of work in aid of the St. Ausustine Vicarage fund, at Woonona, this evening. TTT The new Post and Telegraph Ofhce m Wol longong SllOlllU BOOU IJU w lllLLlfr ill the land boing secured for tho purpose. Mrs. Maybrick lias boen found guilty of mur dering her liuBband, a rich merchant of Liverpool, England, and has beon sentenced to death. ' Corrimal ' thinks that the Bellambi Ghost is young and beardless, and therefore not a fair specimen at all of tho good old sort of article in that lino. Primitive Methodist Sunday School anniversary to-morrow. Special sermons by Mr. Puddicombo, of Sydney. Public meeting in connection with same, Monday evening. The German Emperor, now on a visit to Eng land, expresses tho hope that tho friendship which has so long existed between tho British and German soldiora would continue. He promised that ho would do all in his powor to maintain the good fellowship botweoi: the two nations, A deputation consisting of the following gentle men — Captain Weston, Messrs. J. Fiiisos, J.P., J. Condon, H. Fryer, F. W. Perry, J. Martin, — from Albion Park, left for Sydney yesterday morning to wait upon tho Minister relative to tho Post and Tologruph Oflice in their township. . ' Go to Williams' for pumps, iron pipos, water tanks, etc, ; cheapest house in town.— Auvx. Anothor Illiiwarra native to tho foro. Wo notice 'by»tho report of tlio last mooting '.of llio Instil uto of Architects in'Sydnoy, that Mr. Percy Oivon (of Messrs. Cook and Oivon, of this town), was oloctod an associate member of that institute. / ' . ? , Mr.. r -Drunker, in roply to Mr. Woodward, in tho Assembly on Thursday, said that llio, delay in i, ho 'confirmation, of the road known as Mnc namara's, in the lllawarra district', was partly duo to tho preparation of a return ordored by, Parliament. Ho would take stops to havo tho road openod as soon as possible. No opposition whatover was offered tho Wollon gong Harbor Trust Bill in tho Assembly on '.Thurs day. After being read a second, timo it was takon into 'committoo and alt tho clauses with tho exception of one woro passed with but t ritlin u amondmonts. It is proposed that .tho bill shall enmo into force on tho 1st Octobor'next. Aldormnn Wisoman is vory anxious that all the back streets and by-ways in the ' .Borough should bo prnporly surveyed mid aligned, so that intending buildors may lcunw where tlioy should build, and the city fathers know whoro they' are building. The absence of alignments will causo encroaelunont, the inconvenionce of which will bo folt by owners and councillors hereafter. Mr. Morton, M.P. for Shonlhaven, havinu waited uti tho Minister for Works in roforence to til 3 wretched condition of tho Kiama to Shoal haven road, Mr. Bruce Smith promised to givo £1500 from the Hood vote to put tho road in order, and would place an additional £1500 on tho uhlinwtos. A depuUtion of iron-workers waited upon Sir Henry PnrUcs on Thursday tc present certain resolutions ;.h»! had beon carried by a largo meet !ni» of nrif)ir.,r.'ii\y»l. tradesmen on tho preceding evening, 'l li» ! 'rimior oxprossod his sympathy .vi tii the tiion, anu promised to do what ho could to holp them by giving work that could bo dono in the colony to local firms, wherever such could be dono justifiably. In the Assembly, oil Thursday, Mr. Sj'dney Smith, in reply to Mr. Woodward, said that he had obtained tho opinion of the legal advisor of tho Crrwn as to tho necessary steps to bo taken to prevent tho respective colliory proprietors in tho lllawarra district from allowing their slack to bo washed down into the creeks, thereby filling up the same, and tho action recommended was being taken. It was not advisablo to lay the opinion upon tho table. Tho ganger at South Kcmbla jotty speaks as follows: — 'Mr. J. Wilmot. Sir, — I lie Victor Watch I purchased from you is a wonder. It is equally as good a timekeeper as a Rothorliam 1 had at £0 10s. Tho difference in price is — Rntherham, £9 10s. ; Victor 13s. Gd. I compare my tiiiio with tho Boss every day, and am always correct. I can safely recommend tho Victor to all who want a cheap, reliable watch. (Siuned), H. M'Callum, South Kembla jetty.' — Advt. as will bo noticed by advertisement, a nioeiing of tho local branch of tho Irish National League will boliold in tho Town hall rooms, to-night, to make arrangements for tho visit of Sir Thomas Grattau Esmondo, ono of the Homo Rule dele gates, now on a tour of the colonies. Sir Thomas is expected to visit Wollongong on Saturday, August 24tli, when he will be accorded a fitting reception. A public meeting will also be held to express -practical sympathy with the Homo Rule question in Ireland. During the week tho weather has been at two extremes, disagreeably wet and delightfully genial. The rain, which, after a tedious spell, disappeared on Tuesday, left tho streets and all surroundings in a moist and sloppy state. The sun shone brightly on Wednesday, and the streets dried rapidly, but tho dr-., was humid, and it was very evident that a thorough break had not taken place, that the sunshine was only a suspension of tlio rain. On Wednesday evening about 7.30 a thunderstorm apseartd, and after a sharp shower and the disappearance of the clouds, tho aunos plioro was more free and br icing. A break, it seems, lias taken place, and tho few storm clouds which havo curtained the heavens for the last two days perhaps portend a more propitious condition of tho elemen's. Mr. C. B. H. Smith, tho enterprising proprietor of the Elite Skating ltink, has rolnid the whole of tho floor with four inch Kauri pine of the very best quality. This splendid floor is also laid obliquely at both ends, so as to enable the skaters to turn on the run and lino of the boards, a provision which adds materially to the ease and swiftness of the exercise. The fact, too, that the new floor is laid on the old one, gives intense firmness to it, and reduces the noise of skating very much, compared with that formefly on the old single floor. Altogether the improvement is very great, ns certainly should be the case, considering that it cost the spirited proprietor well on towards £50. It may here be stated that Mr. Smith has re-engayed the Town Band in connection with the rink, which still continues its attractive popularity, being crowded, as might be said, almost nightly. 