OUR NEW STORY. THE HEIR OF LINNE. By ROBERT BUCHANAN, Author of the ' Shadow of the Sword,' ' Tryst of A-rarnio;e,' 'MaiijMom of Madeline,' &o.;, &o.;, &o.; ; [ALL QUBKV3XAND HIOHT3 BE9BBVSD.] CSAFIBB I. — WlLLIB TBB PttFiCHEB. On the af toroor.n of an aulumi do.y, 40 odd years ago a singular scene might havo bcea witnc.ed iu t'lo stcrets of rho seaside tow a of Linue, on tho south-writ coast of Sco'latid. Townsfo11!, fifhermen, f!sn-wivrsj old mon and ?vtomon, lads and loiica, were gathered '-I a crowd near tho Cross ii tho mv'-i a'r.-et, gap ing, laughing, DTid jcoi-ug, -whi'o following an ex'raoid'Tii'Ty loo! 'vg figure who flor.iBhed iu one h&nd; a long, raggri stick, attaohed to towel or (i:pholoth, and held in tho other a hugo Scot's bonnet, very muoh t'je worae for wear. He ihauibled elowly along, bareheaded and barefooted, tall- ing loudly as ho went, and now and *hcn pausing toaddrrBS tho crowd, in ton-'3 now rbrl'. imd 'strident, now low and pitfi'1., acoortliug to tho nature of hiB d!-3ourso. He was a man about forty, but he might have patsed for sixty, to worn and woe-begone, so gcoy and wild, did he appear ; but his stop ?wiM BtTong pnd spi.'^t/i un^- deBpito hia awkwBjd gait, hohpi all tho vigour of one in his pt:mo. In waging, he bent forwprd, nat.'on'ujc chest and shoulders, but when he paused, florTisbing bis banner fad add'reBsing the orowd, he drew HtnceK to h:s full height of six feet npwards. Ta'Ving, jresilor'ating, iloutish'ug his arms fu tho air, with h;s ragg- i coat blowing in tho wind and showing a huiry, naked br.-ast and p'Moivy tbroat and arms, ha confuued on his way, t:ll ho paused at tho Cross, and stepp'Mg on 'he fctono step, stood towering a ic\l head and rhoi-lders over the little sea of Loads that were turned up tD hear hiro. Meanwhi'.e tho cry was running irom door to &oor;, 'Willie Maog'Hvray's hereawa' ! Prophet Willie's preaching |up and doon the toun !' Peonle ran from the shop? whore they were mak'ug purohat,r3, the herring fishers left their nuts on the shore and their boats on the quay, the landlord of the Tarn o' Shanter inn came out to his door, the ragged ch!1.dreu ran from eveiy lano and o^ey with eager crie3. His back to the old Cross, his face to the sea, the man lifted up bis right hand floi'rish'ig the banner, and addressed tho crowd. ' In the no mo of tho prophet, Maogillvray ! In the name of Willio tho Hermit ! hearken to the words o' wisdom, spoken to a foolish and a feeble generation ! Opon your lugs, ye rogues and yo hvszirs, and tako heed to tho emblem I wave before ye — aye, look upon it and tako iced !' A hugo roar of laughter interrupted Mm. ' We're tak:ijr heed, Willio !' ciied a voice. ' What is't ? A dieholout, Willie, my moa !' Tho prophet's eyes twiuHrd strangely. ' Aye, u dishclcut, and what for no' ': What would you have, Taromae, ye s'nner ? Would you havo a brand from ycvTsir'.thyfiro? Would jo havo tho royal Lion of Scot' and, emblazoned in gold on a crimson flag o' silk? Would yo have a grin tree, yo^i-mr'ny dcov'1, or a ka'1. runt from the gjtden 'i I tako my flag where I find it — a .Bark bleaching ;u a, hedge, or a joung lasi.oek:s petlicoit from -ho linen prcaB, or an old wife's huvhion from the arm-cha;T ! Away, ye liromers ! away, yo siners ! away, ye M.um o' Egypt and o' Scotland, and get ye uiruuuuu uuu uuiu nruiUL uuui ? uu wo ., auu wash yoov souls clean ! Never heed your faces tbis day — look to jour sov's, fo: tho Lord's com'ug down tMs way, and I, W'ie Mdcgill viay, am his prophet'!' .title, sudderly pNWng his voice and chang ing his tone, he held out tho great boruet, and contmurd .''ke a mrndicant : — ' AHthat I afk for my pa'ns is one bawbre ! Gold I cannot take, and r'.ver I n\ ?'?'. not --ilie; but I t'ek just me bawbee from each »nd all.' There seemed to bo no response to bis co'ioi tition. Tho proplo nudg d each other, i'id gr-uncd and laughed ; but not one copper was lorthcoED'ug — so that the voice aga;i pralrd hbrJU and angry, and the baner wus wavrd i aj.atifnily in the air. 'What, yoVmmers, nofIl-^g! Not a doit, not abawbee ! W?UIourseyo withbe', book atd candle, 1!ke a prieBt o' Home ! Wi'. I enoeve: out to ye the threat o' hell f-ro, 1:' ?) tne clooh'ng hens o' tho k'rk ! No, ye l'T-ners, no, ye bv^zies, no ye ignoraat loona ; I'll tell je the Uue tidings that came to me from the mouths o' man) 'id. In the name of the pro phet, Wi'Ue MaogiUvray, who has sat at the leet oi Robeit Owen o Lanark and drunken the words o' wisdom from 'tho lips of William Splton of Ki'mntnock ! There's one is coir:tig to vlean the world, and whit for no' with a diflclout! It'u reeking and biinkiug with dirt ! lt'B P3 foul us a midden aud ad black us a common sewer! WfU ycu tell me that the uuld wife o' Borne ouu clean it — she's tried her beet for 1800 ye?rs, nnd what's she done but spilt tbo pot 'Jto tho fire, and filled the houBO with reek and frme f W'l you tell ma that Rome can ol' m it, or Presbyteiy, or Free Kirk, or any l-'rV, for thaw's a lib! The ono that ib com-ug to do tho job —with a diahclout in her hand — is neither bedizentd l-ke the Scarlet Woman, nor clad :n silks und gaticu like a lady, nor rajgrd and dirty like you, ye drabs and rieh^iv-3 ofthe town. Shoiamode.it . , in her demeanour, and wise in her speech, und bomie o'.blre, wi*h a sweet mouth andaloviug cheek, and hII .- 'ae wears is the pettieoat and ehoitgownot' a fo'-hair-d low'and lassthit milks rho bye ! Bha'. I tell ye what they oi-H her? W''l you hearken to her name? Her name is Common tence, o»j Bister to Cbtistit-u Chaiity, and t-rst 1 ;»3en bv blood to Sisterly Love! Hearken to »hut uo'V ! Hearken to that, ye that have no eenae, and no chaiity, t'nd iiulove!' ...;'.' Hero, juBt in'the w.itmth of l'is 'arRvmsnt, ? he btopped short, dropped h's bp^-ior, und croon; tl ino3t piteouvly — ' Lord prc.erve me, I'm an fa* t'ry! Who'll give Will'.B the Prophet two bawbees, to. k'H xhe drou'h?,'.' . ; ' ? A loud 'roar greeted' tV'.s pilly. 1'he smith ' whohad previously spoken— a' huge fellow in his ehirt-hleevr ?. —then stepp: i forwurd : ?'Sing us a song, W'He, my man, and I'll treat you tohalf amutaKV'ul': ? . ?. ,. The prophet looVcd at h'-n with an expression full of mingled suspicion nnd approval. . '? I ne'er can bing till my throat's wotted. - Tamuias ! O.U my voice, and I'm your man ! ' With a laugh and a nod the em'th ? strode away to a small. public- house :i the coiner of the quay. W''ie followed closely at his heels, und tho crowd fo'lowd Wr'.B. . Tho smith and tho preacher disappeared sito the publio . houte, but .after a few m'nates emerged again WilHo wiping his mouth with the cu£E of his ragged coat..-; ,v , , 'Noo, W'Tlio, my man!' oried Vulcan; - , whereupon, without more ado, Wi'Uo sprau-r into ihe middle of the street, and in a loua voice, clear, though abiil.VsPMg the follow1'!? ditty : — :, ., . ..' ., ..??,?- ... ** Come, sit. down, my eronie, and kio mo vour1 . crank, , r . .. . Let the i\ iod tnk' tho I'ires o' this I'Won its back, Our Iiuhi ts to drapondonoy we ue'er \vl». submit;, Wo'vo «ye been proided for, and auo will wo yet ! And sno 'will wo yet, imil t xo will wo yufc : 'When we.fen wo uyo boc up usuiu, uud sao will we yet ! . ' . ' Let the class keep its com-oO, anil gae iuoiv!ly rouu , The sun I»i3 to lise though the moon should gae (toon,. ?',??' ' ? Till the hou»e 'borip«in':ibiui' about/Us tlmu ?..uuouith to Dit; ..',.. ? 'When we iu'.\ we nyo gat up ngain.aud sao will wo yen Auu .sac \v'!l wo yet, nml sue will yo yet ; '? .'.Yr'lien Ave to' I wu aye gut' up aginn, uiid sue v Ml c twoyet!' . ? . ? . ?? As the man ebdj.', his fane grew transformer1,, Mo Vi\d eyra'giew soil ahddroumy, hin whole liiiinner iuexprcHsihly Had uud touder. Ihe ciowd )Vteu:d as if ? speU- bound, uud the. ? uri'li, with u great jii'lp iu h's throat; throw a liaiidli.'1. of c'oppeih'utorhos!'igcr'Hb-.;, cryiug, 41 Cover that; tcino of ye!!' ??????? : , .In u monun', men and women preascd ' foe- , waid to th'jwer ha'fpuica into 'ho flat, nor did . ib'v ulnihgivingciusu oil thu Hum uiiumutuil to ( 'ieveriiJ (lii'Mi.gs. Gtt'hcring ihe luoii^y up / in Ms oleiichrd. bond, Wil'io tbrust it into tho breun poelitt of h'K coat, niid then, with a. J:l?ip.und ii ji'mp, ran rnpic'ly up tho utr-.-t, -iiU.ivfloi'koi tbtiuti'jg children ut his lieols. ;;? f.uddei'ly he jiaiibiit iu .the middle ot\ne ? ,*j)^- ,^u front of a 'man oil' horeob'iok, wh-i w*n . t .*=9BUBif jJuug at u tlow; uot.,, ThohbMopi'ib-.d suddenly and swerved nsido, nearly throwing the rider — a thin clean-shaven, keou-eyed man of between forty and fifty — who uttered an angry exclamation, and aimed a blow with his riding- whip at tho mendicant's baro head. 'Gently, laird, gently,' cried Willie, parry ing tho blow with ' hia stick and seizing the horse's reiuB. 'What a-ls you this bonuie morning?' Then, drawing baok, and bowing low with mock reverence, ho added, 'Room for tho laird o' Castle Hunger I Room there, you imps and loons, for tho grout man with his pouches fu' o' siller to gie to tho poor!' 'Out of the way, you drunken fool!' said the horseman with a ecowl, wbtle tho horso planted its forelegs firmly, and stood panting before tho waving burner. 'Do you wish me to break my neck ! ' 'Not for worlds, laird ! Lord forbid I shou'.d rob creation of a shining light and an example! And you a lonely man, without an heir! Who would inherit tho fleshpot3 and the red wines o' Castlo Hrsger, if the Laird o' Linne died without issue, and broko Ms braw neck on tho causeyatanes?' ._ ^^J Sometb'ng :i tho words utfer.-d, and more particularly Jn tho manner of utterances, ersemed to render the rider furiouB. With sharp oath he struck his horco smartly over tho ears with bis ric'ug whip, and forord it to ppring for ward, nearly ovei tui/rng tho mendicant iu its career ; then, at a hand ga'lop, ho pnssrd rapidly up the street and out of sight. CnAraEn II. — Rodin. William Maogillvray, better known as Willie tho Prophet, was one of those extraordinary characters only to be found in the k'igdom of Scotlund, and rapicHy dying out even thoro. Regarded by many people as a haimleBa mad man, and by those who knew b'm best as a Btrango eompoucd of -wild onthuBiasm aud sly common pente, he wa3 woH-1 aown ovei^whero on 'ho Bou'h-wcst coast, where he lrd a mys terious k;ud of lifo from hand to mouth. Mean and ragged as was his appearance, he -wa3 nevertheless a gentleman by birth, and 5u his early lifo had taken orders as arn'r-iatcr cf the geottieh church. If the truth must be told, dr''»)k bad been at the bottom of his eccen tricities. After certain outrageouB perform ances in (he pulpit, w-ioh led to his expr'sion from the only Kving he evor enjoyed, he had disappeared for several years, and been a wan derer on the face of the earth, extending his pilgr.'mage a,3 far cpstward aa the Holy Land, and as far westward as the United States. Reappearing iu h's native conntry, at about tho timo when Owen of Lanark was inviting proselytes of all degrees to learn and teach the new doctrine of Socialifm, he had jo'ued to the little band of socialist nii«sionaiie3 ; but bis ev°l genius pur sued him eveiywhere, and during an extra r dinary passage of aims with a'corta'n m'uiBter of the cnarch, whom he had invited to meet him on the platfoim in a three days' debate on the thesis, ' Whether or not orthodox Christianity hoB been an urmixed benefitto society,' he had broken down ifenom'uiourly uudor the influence of ttrong Mquors, that even tho sooialist party regarded him as a devil's ? dvocate and eaer.rly washed the'r hands of him. Prom that 'time fci «vard he led the J'fe of a vagabond, roaming from place to place, pnd shelterless as a bird of the air ; mobbrd sometimes for h's shocking heterodoxy, wbioh he took no tronble to c'.s- gi'£e, end wFch deeply offended the prejudices of most of the population, but protected iroso ra'ly by the good hvnovr of public opinion, which claES-d h'-n, perhap3 lightfuHv, as a hain-Vsa lunatic. In good ti iith, few of those who Mstenrd to h-'-n knew exactly what he was driv'jg at, bo mix^d wa3 his mattor ami bo w'd his mode of deHve./ on theso occasions when,l--*\'ng Hb retreats, ho burst out into the streets and market- plcceB, nud procU:-ncd hiB piophetio vocation. Thote who knew said that Willie was by nomearsto haro bra:Ti-. das ho pretended to be ; and, for Eomo rcaion or other, he had friends fur and ?nltle. Pawky farmers, respectable and re^gious -n a1', their belongings, welcomed W;l'.e to the-'r 'jglesifles and gave~b;m a ehake down when lie wuptcd it. Peasants and fisher men enjoyd h:s gifts of conversation aud Bong-. p-'nging. F:3 wants being few, there was alwayo eom'one to minister to them, aud ho generally contrived to bo of seivice to those who treated Hm with tbat l-'udly consideration. His fits of piophesyiLg and speeob-.fyinij came on periodically, under the -afluenco of the liquor which had t;en h's ?;fo long bane. At other t:mcs he como and went quiotly enough, and was sufficiently shrewd to keep his wildest op'niona to h-'moe1?. A u hour or so after the scene, or scenes, des ciit.-d in tho prccrding chapter, Willie was wander.'«ig alone along the sca-sbcre beyond tho town, tra':^ig his banner along the ground like the ty\ of a dog in disgrace, and osc-'lating Wildly ?n bis gait. It was the oloso of a golden day, and the sn W3 sett'njr .'Tiaplendorrupon the mountainous inlands 6f the. sea. Not a sound broke the 8t''ncss, save the occasional rry of a hoveur;r eea-gr'l or tho lonely cry of a onrlew. He walked on unsteadily, mutter'ng to him self, till he hod left the tovu far behiud ; then, paup;ng, and lv^ng on bis s*;ck, ' he looked backwstd -filth lacklustro eyes. The distant houi,eB, the e'prk quays, were reddening to the sunset, ard ono or two red-Ba!led hcinng boatR were beginning to creep out to tho night's fishing on the almost w:nc'.e33 sea. Ho turned with a pigb, and saw before l-'-n a craggy promonto./, on tho rdgo of which wos a lonely lighhouee, the dim beacon of which had just been nowly lit. Between the promon tory and_ the pa*h he had followed, stretohed many m!'«3 of r ? i\j sondB and reofs of c.-imson weed, left bare oy the tide, wl-'.ch was at its lowest ebb. He-wa'icd on for tome m!«iutes, then, paus ing again, threw r-:s barucr do»a, and cast himself fr1l lenfeih on tho phingle, olosed his eyes, and seemed to go to Bleep. Presently, '?lowever, ke Bat upright, and, after passiug bis hand wC3r.'ly acro;3 Hs brow, gaz' d at tho Bun eet, with u look so long, so . wistful, so dreamy and absent- n'inded, that it was some time be fore he perceived tbat hewss not alone. Just above h'ui, on the rough and ueaiiuy g.'as3 wh'ch fling- i the shingle's ige, stood a tiny figure, lookirj dowfl upon him, as tilent a-ad moveless aa F-naelf: a 'it 'o boy of seven or eight ycura old, whoso dress conBwted of a single gmment 'ke a gill's frook — who wore neither shoes nor stockings, and whoso loujj golden hair had no covciing of any k'ud. The ch^d ('id not Btir, but stDcd watabiup; Willio with cytB as tad us his own, yet pitiful as wcH in wibi frl— till, drawn by tome miig netio attraction of fho lit'lo oue's steadfast gaze, WHieatirt d,' looked round; rudg^jted him with a oriious sir.'le. ' Is that you, Eobin ?'''? he said gently. 'I took you for a fa '.y, Robin, with the light fl'iniLg on your bonnie golden hair, and your eyes of elfin blue. .Come, and sit you here by my side.' . Ihe boy sprang down and seated hiirselfon tho loose bhinple.'-'gathciing: ,up the in.-uglcd sand hiid -hello ' with one hand, but looking tteadily .'uto the Iran's Jaoe. 'Wiiat ails you, Robin?' pskei Willie, a littlouneaiy under that str dfast gaze. 'What lirhjjss yo here, and whtie have ye been ?'' ' ?' ' up the tdoii; Wil1!o: P-. I taV ye unittug tho folk, pud followed ye hore'awa'.' ' Wi'ie'Bfacefe'V ! ? ' ' '''? ? ' I -Hd not sto you. Eob'i,' ho raid softly. 'But. 1 saw'yoi/,W.i'io : tiid 1 saw the folk making fun o'jyn! and 1 'horght shiime' o' ye whin 1 saw ye dvoVtuijiit tho pu1 Jlo-hoosu'! ' . ,'JL .hiid just two giuBECB, , Kob'n,' replied the roan, apologetic jH.y. .'?;''':' ' 1: 'Ye hud ma''T than twa,' Baid th3 boy fimly. ' 'Yo'wero. dri'-V; AV'llie, and you're lmUdiuuk'rioo!' ??:,:,?...????.. ' Tli is wub plafu speaking with a vengeance, but 'Villio did not si'em at all astonished: ' He looked at tho ch'ld, sir'led 'udly, uud ,thou, rtacliiiig out bis hun'd,- passed it, genMy over hit long golden hu'r. ? - ' ? / '. You'rfl right, 'Robin— I'll jot deny it! '.'lliofpell wiiii on me, , mid 1 yielded to the tcinp'cr, oh you fay. 'But I'm sober now, l(oli-n. i.Jx'b uH away \\*ko au :ll dtuam !'i ,'.''fi|i'i;iightly,lfuiootb!'ig;tlio ohfld's hair, -ho continued— ' /j, .-?.,; ??.'.'. ? '... ' . ' ,;; ''.But thiTO nro uomiio. dreanis r'-vvoU ap ill ours, Koliin my doo ! ,Jt was a lionuie droaui tliat 1 Lnd: tle; nco, ^hen you cuiuo gazing down upon iuio.' .: I saw- V biiirn 'liko.yourself fitandiijg jondpr iit the gutcs o' biightiiessi aud lie had golden liu'i' like tliin, nnd ho wits waviuir l''s, l«p liiiiid«;aiid,b(cl[oiiinx uioi to cuiue ; and ,'wholt}''nk.yi'u was 'the baiiri b'iit' \yee Willie MtteyiH%fbv, WjlJiejiis'iie' jJas'aO/vearJ syne, a 'liia'diu' /iko'yburii'elf^.JKobiu?,'. ,t)!e'f . 'iviig ?yoiideiy and wuiliDg^till l'',cpmo';,\ibi- thi-ro'« Bent'e aB.wcll as' no'ni^cntb'ln' what ^hp iniuioterg . .'Jvi'V'. ':l./l'.'«..iV.o!(' '!KnUn',J,'t ('Vi'V-r.,i '? : is toy about 'except a man bo born again he cuiiua' enter the kingdom of heaven.' ' ihiBouriouely irrolevant discourse did not eecm to aBtooish tho listener at aH. With tho led light on his sweet face, Robin listened and nodded ; then, pointing seaward, he onod ? ' See till the enn, Willie ! In it nobounie?' Tho wistful look grew on tho man's wan fea ture?, which shone as if anointed. 'Yon'snothe Bun.Rob'n!' he said, smiling. ' Yon's God !' Tho ohild Btarted as if Bon.owb.at afraid ; then catching his friend's smile, ho criod : 'Is God in tho&uu;, WiMio?' ' God's yoiidft; Eobin. I oun eeoHim plain— His face, and His eyes, and Hia hair, and tho shining of hi8 smilo. He's watohing you and me and tho world. Vii hether wo'ro waking or sleeping, He's watob'ng. Eh, but he's looking down on a heap o' djrt and wiokcdue3s, aud wonderfng, maybe, why he mo do it. Could ho not have mode it better, and made folks wiser, and kept men for ever youog, and saved them j'rom the i utgo o' drink and suoh abominations? It must ho on awful thing to be God and to think of tho lesponsib'i'ty ! If I were God, I'd snuff the world t ut like a candle, and begin it a', o'er agp'u with a loving lad aud lass, not naked, but decently clothed, and naoDe'il to tempt them to wander astray !' Even tb'a rav;ng e^'d not disconcert or as toniah the child, who, seeing an occasion to point a moral, .'ntsipoBcd— ' Tho De'il made u-hiskey, WJ'.io! A'body konp that.' 'But God made tho De'il!' criod 'W;vHo with a grin, rising to his feet. The boy stooped down and lifted the banner, placing tho stick across his shoulder that ho might bear iti weight the more easily, then side by eide, the ouriouply assorted pair turned inland, crossed an arid patch of meadowland, and reached a narrow country road. By tbis time the gloaming had fallen, and here and thcro in the sty glimmered a star. As the} passed along, Willie began to s'ng, in the clear, pathetic tones peculiar to him : — ' I'm woai ing awa\ Jean Like snaw when it's thaw, Jean, I'm wearing awn' to Xhe Land o' the Leal.' AU at once he paused and pointed up. ?? Did ye ever seo bees thronging, Robin, when a body drummed to them on an old tin can or a saucepan lid? Well that's what He who made tho world iB doing; now, only it'a a kind of a hurp he's playing (harken, Robin, and ye can heir— a kind o' still BmaU sound !) and the stars ar° thronging out with a hum ! hum ! hum! and flying round and round Him; and they'll throng and throng all night — aye, grow ing thicker and brighter, till Bo gathers them into Bis byke at the gray of tho dawn. No man ean count them; He canni count them Himsel' ; and yet, Robin my man, each rtar's a world like tbis, spinning round and round to yon heavenly playing ! And tho priest can blether, aud the iriuistor can encevol, and the kirks battle together like the beasts o' the field, in the face of a ai-rht like yon, ?u tho hear'ng o' yea awful music Look up sga;D, Kobin ! Strain your een, my doo, an yo'll see glints of ligh*3 coming and going, and a shin'ng as of a wonderfu' gato o' gold.' 'I see the Iight3, WJHie, but nae gate,' said the ch:!d. ' .* re you 'ight3 suTielsy' 'They're ghosts o' dead men and women convng and go'ug, and watob'ug tho thronging o' the 'stars ! Kb, Robin, it's a sad sight, you, to a 8-nful nrn — a man saddened with the curse o' ('roV. But never believe tho blether about rugels and such like clr-neraa o' the potti. Thero's ono Miltou picturoj them ?;iio muckle podgtrs, with ftwords :i their hands uvd powder gujis, and cannon to blow euoh other .'uto space, aud tho De'ilhimsalf ak'ndo' Napoleon Bonap.Tf3, horangu'ug the toilgers and liding about on a oharger— for all the world like a scene .'i a peep-ehow ! That's fooliili-aesB, JRobiu — foo'ishuoss and havtrs! Yet the angels are men and women, aud the de'ils are men and women. The one tVig ?n yon daft cMel Swedenlarg thit plea3os mo is that ho konn 1 tire, ond put it -u 1-'.3 long winded books!' Theloy gazed up 5n Us face wonderinpr. 'I diuna like to lcok at the star3, W'Uie! Tiioy mako mo feae'd !' ' No wonder!' returrcd the man, s^and'-ig bcr-h'ided rnc'sr the sky. 'I said the sa-no thing to Robeit Owen once, when we were wa'king at glorTiug on tho barks o' Clyde. 'Ihey tell mo yon're an atheist, Mr. Owen; c .u ye lcok up at jonder sky, and say without trembling, ' there is no God '?' Man, Robin, you should havo Been the lcok ho gave me ; und do yo ken what bo leplied ; '1'hey call mo cd atheist, Mr. MacgiUvray,' he said, ' becauto I beHavo in no God but goot'iesa ; bccau&e; I worrhip no form of ov'1., and ra3pect no tyranny, bd it human or e'i.vino.' I took off my bonnet t:'. him t'uon and there — l.ke this! He wbb a gratd man, Robert Oweo, and dis pelled ahrap o' vulgar eup'.rstitiou.' StirTiye talk, surely, between a grown mou and a child ; but it was tl'ia veiy freedom of con versation on themr', he c'i.dor did. not uider staiid, that faso'nat d the boy. It never Boomed to occur to W.'lie to explain anything, or to assume an inequality of ideas between l';-nself and his companion. He ''-1'ied away out of tho fu!uci3 of his s'Tiple hear', as to a friend and rqnrt; and though Bob'1! scarcely fol low d his di'*t, th' :o -was between the two a pcrfeotly sympathetic u'lderitind'ng. ' Come awa',' wh:spered Robin, pu'Ung tho man by theooat-tlcevo. ' Mither's waut iug ye, WVio. She sent me into the toon to seek ye.' Wj'He hastened on by tho pido of tfie boy, who ran to keep up with him. ' Why did you not tell me before that she was eci king mo ?' ' .. . 'BeoauLe ye were d.ar'c, W''-lio!' replied Eobin, senteutioutly. Willie took the homo-thrust in s-lence ; but presently, as he huriis 1 along, ho muttered to himself — . 'Not co drunk ei'hor: I bad my ears aud my eyes ! . . . I din^'d the ttutk int? them; and then I sang a bit song, asd got a himdtome collection. . . . And I staur'd the Laird o' Linno, on his rond to Gaa lo Hunger ! Not so drunk, but maybe drunk enough, for one. that was preaching tho reli gion o' common sense.' ' I paw yo' scaur (he laird,' cried Rob'a, panting and looUng up to him. ' I tfeought he would hao been soupit frao tho saddle. ' ' He would have gotten his dtsoi.s, Robin. I'lHell you this— a broken neok is better than abrokon ho ait !' (To le continued.; 