Chaptee XL Armed merchantmen— The Warren Hastings— Forbln in tbe Downs— Convoying ^C«plain Irwin and the Marquis of Otanby— Heroism ol merchant sailors— Inhumanity of French ptivateeismen — Heroic behaviour of merchant seamen— Commodore Dance —His action with Linols. ThereBultof the capture of the Kent waa the better arming of the East India man. A number of the sMps of the company had been made prizes of by privateers and obher crafb, owing to the Insufficiency of their batteries and small arms. ThePlgpbtakenlnBencoolenBoads, the Princess Royal In the StraHa of Stmda, the Trlfaon4n the Bay of Bengal, tho Raymond and Wooicos : on the Malabar coast, ware ail of ,tfiem captures avowedly owing to the want of means o£ defence. In 1801 the Indiaman v» ran dered as formidable as guns could make her. A vessel of 1,200 tons carried 33 18-pounden, and vessels of 800 tons mount 32 pieces of heavy calibre. The sMps were fitted with boarding net tings, half-mast high, and the. men whose stations were In the tops* were armed with Bwlvels/musqueboons/and pole-axes. . In James's 'Naval History' there Is a description of a fine Indlaman named the Warren Hastings that sailed for China In February, 1805. Her crew numbered 196 men and boys. Wonderful pains had been bestowed upon the ship to enable her to defend herself should she fall In with the French. Here is the naval his torian's account of the vessel :— "The Warren Hastings mounted 26 medium 18-pounders on her main or lower deck, 14 carronades, 18-pounders, on her upper-deck, and four carronades, 12- pounders, on her poop. The medium gun was 6 feet long and weighed about 26 cwt. ; whereas the common 18-pounder of the British navy is 9 feet long and weighs about 42½ cwt. The former when run out did not reach above a foot beyond the ship's side, and in traversing wooded, or touched the side of the port at an angle of less than three points from the beam. The 18-pounder carronade was 5 feet long and weighed about 15½cwt ; the 12- pounder was 3¼ feet long, and weighed about 8½ cwt. A navy carronade of each calibre is in length and weight as follows :— The 118-pounder, 3 feet 4 Inches and about 10½ cwt. ; the 12-pounder 2 feet 8 inches and about 6½ cwt. The carronades of the Warren Hastings were mounted upon a carriage resembling Gover's in every particular but the only essential one, the having of rollers adapted to a groove in the slide. The consequence of the silly evasion of an in- genious man's patent was that the whole ship's quarterdeck and poop guns became utterly useless after only a few rounds had been fired from them." It waB like going to the wars to embark In Buch a sMp as thla and sail away in her. In these dayB we are used to nothing more formidable than a couple of small guns kept by the quartermasters In a hlgMy poliahed condition on the deck of the spacious ocean- palace that carries us to the distant east. But figure such a craft as the Warren Hastings as a passenger boat, thab is to waft us peaceful ladies and gentlemen across the seas to the remote ports we are bound to. What suggestions of bloodshed, what stern assurance of a very hoirot of perils. . See ! The phantom lies out yonder. Let us In Imagination be 'griffins' of 1805 who have come from London to Deal to embark in the Downs in thab sMp, to spare ourselves the insufferable tedious ness of the navigation of the river In days when there were no tugs to catch hold of the hawser. We climb the gang way ladder and find ourselves on a deck dark with the black breeches of long guns and carronades ; cannon-balls are piled round the hatchways ; the crew have a grim, unshaven, fighting look. One of the mates tells you thab there Is enough powder In the magazine to blow up the South Foreland. There are stands of muskets below ; cutlasseB in galore ; boarding- pikes In plenty enoungh to furnish a Kentish hop ? field with poles. The show might be a fine one, but to a man of peace carrying Ms wife and family to Bombay or a China port, it looked too much like business to justify a sense of security. Why, before half the distance of the Channel had been measured thosej guns there might be thundering, the tops spitting fire from swivels and musquetoons, the air flashfu! with flourished cutlasses, the decks a-throb with the movements of half naked, powder-blackened men, huzza ing with hurricane lungs, whilst aloft the swelling canvas shows like a grating ; the red enBlgn floats in rags from the peak, and through the white shroud of smoke come tumbling down whole hailstorms of blocks, masts, rope's end?, chafing gear, and so on. We cannot realise tMs sort of trouble In these days. The luxury of peace has so long been ours that It demands a consider able effort of Imagination to conceive of a time when you could scarce traverse ten miles of salt water without the chance of being fired into, of being captured, of being plundered, of being shot down. What should we think, for Instance, to- day, of such a paragraph aB tMs In the newspapers : — 'The Duchess of Devonshire, with Lord and Lady Spencer and several other per sons cf rank, arrived In town from Spa, in Germany, but last from Osbend, on board the Fly sloop. In their passage they were attacked by two French cutters, which were beat off after a long engagement, In In which several of the crew of the Bloop were killed and wounded.' Or of such a piece of r.ews as this — ' Two gentlemen, passengers from Holland, landed at Mar gate. They affirm they were in the even log boarded in Bight of the North Fore land by a privateer cutter, whose crew in disguise confined the captain and crew of their vessel in the cabin, and then plun dered it of goods to the value of £2,000, demanded the cjptaio'g money, and took what he had.' ''V^ : We need notj|bqk very far into the old histories to gather the character of perils risked by the ^passenger when he sailed from the Downs. There is an apt example under data of 1707. The Channel was at that time scoured by the famous French captain, ForbinC In whose memoirs there are more lies than may even be found in the life of that blustering successful rascal, Duguay-Trouln. There sailed from abreast of Deal towards the latter end of April, in the year I have just named, a large fleet of aMps bound to Portugal and the West Indies; There were fifty-five sail in all, and their convoy was the Royal Oak, of seventy-six guns, commanded by Commodore Baron Wylde ; the Graf ton, of seventy guns, Captain Edward Acton ; and the Hampton Court, of seventy guns, Captain George Clements. On May 2nd this fleet was off Dungenees, wiien there hove in sight the Dunkirk squadron, com posed of ten men-of-war, a frigate, and four privateers, In command of the redoubtable jj'orbln. Five of the stoutest of tha English merchant ships were promptly drawn into line, and for two hours and a half their Blender crews maintained the struggle with unexampled couraga and resolution. Bub ab the expiration of that ? time Acton, of the Grafton, was killed and Mb sMp taken. The Hampton Court had also fallen a prize to the French, and Commodore Wylde, seeing there was nothing more to be done or to be hoped for, shifted his helm, scraped clear of three of the largest of the enemy's ships then heavily plying Mm with broadsides, and with eleven feeb of water in the hold, ran the Royal Oak ashore on the Dun geness shingle. Whilst this was doing the lighter of the French vessels had captured nc less than one-and-twenty of onv mer chant sMps ! You can realise the sorb of feellngB with which the spectators of this big and thunderous battle viewed from the summit of yonder South Foreland the spectacle of that crowd of English craft Balling away to France past the Sands there with the fleur-de- lis waving in triumph above the Union Jack. The Btory aB I have given It Is told by historians and Is true, bub as related by Forbln it is about the most drcomstanttal lie to be encountered In the French marine ann&lB; that storehouse of Impudent false* hoods. Forbln says that he engaged Com modore Wylde himself, and kUIed him with a mtBket that he levelled through a - porthole ; which done the Frendunanlm mediately made himself master 61 the ship. A lie, for that Bame amp, after grounding on Dnngenesa beach, was got off by her captain and sailed to the Downs, where she was lying with Commodore Wylde on bowd longafter the topmost canvas «ftha^ squadron and* prizes of Forbln had vwilened behind the horizon. ., ^ - ; . ' Convoying waa about the moat shank-' ; , less «ffice the old ©aval officer w^SpnjI *€ Spon to eUscharge. It ttm noS only that lie lad to employ &e; strictest xn&ndB-jnscle; opon ^i**-f^tff-nofr^f^n-fVif- - going SBd-fJg-^iwdeaiwBBof the skipper* whose ships /ireife to baprotected wore mk 3mea aiMiolotely. madctenlng. ? I can con-t celve nothing moreamcalngly illoateatire of the snail-like character: of -Jdv times than a convoyed fleetdepattdng from £heie Dovms here. There would; of course, be many alow sallexs amongst/ them, which had to be Incessantly whipped tip so as to bring the whole Into Bach a gronp as the men-of-war would be able to protect* Often there would be a . signal flying for most of the shins to shorten Ball that the * hindmost, whoBe royals perhaps were jast visible above the sea-line, might creep Into place. I can Imagine the irritation of the - purple- nosed skippers of the swifter craft In having to dew up or even back their yards, and the wrath of the captain of the man-of-war, whose signals those bovine ? Id shellbacks, miles distant astern, heeded no more than if they were seagulls or flying fish, Should It ever come to convoying In our' times, the fleet must consist of steamers j a fixed speed could be maintained, regu Kted by the going qualities of the slowest of the tanks. There would always be movement, at least, if It did not rise to more than slxmileslnthehour. Thenthere might be nothing to fear from a strong breeze of wind, for the engine-rooms would enable the eteamers to keep to gether, 'and with good lights and courses correctly kept, not a ship need be show ing a mile out of her place at daybreak after the longest and darkest night, Bat In the olden times a breeze of wind scat tered a congregation of convoyed vessels as though they were butterflies. In a few hours, it might be, a whole score were blown clean out of sight. Then, again, there was the torture of the dead calm ; the stagnated craft slewing round and round ; a few sneaking a league distant to the faint breathing high alofc of an air that left unblurred the blazing, mirror like surface of the deep; and far away a fafnt dim dash of white upon the horizon— in all probability a privateer waiting for a chance to cut off a few of the veEsels subtly and helpless scattering upon the calm breast of )the sea* the men- of- 'war meanwhile looking help Iesulylon. ' There Is no service,' exclainis a writer In 1799, ' more meritorious, yet at the same time more arduous and ungrateful than the charge of convoys. It is true, indeed, that the underwriters and mer chants are never wanting in manifesting their sense of obligation by tokens of re gard, and their respect by public thanks : yet, still many are overlooked. A fleet of vessels deeply laden, and most of them, comparatively speaking, heavy sailers, weakly manned, and sometimes leaky, demands the greatest skill, perseverance, and patience to keep them together. Shoals of privateers follow, and watch the convoy until a gale of wind or a fog sepa rates the heavy sailer and the unskilful from the rest. In 1761 the English merchants were heavy losers by captures from convoys. The naval officers were blamed by the underwriters, who charged them with neglect of their duty, and with Indifference to the Interests committed to their charge. These accusations excited much resent ment ; but I cannot find that any effort to justify the commanders of convoys was attempted until the arrival of a manof war named the .Enterprise In the Downs. This vessel had helped to convoy a large fleet hcuie. She was commanded by one Captain limes, who addressed to the Ad miralty a letter which resulted in satisfy ing the public of that day that If 'a con voyed ship was captured, the loss was nearly always attributable to the careless ness and neglect of her master. The letter is worth quoting as an example of a sea difficulty which present and future genera tions of naval officers are never very likely to be troubled by. It is an old marine voice faltering out o£ the stillness and dimness of the past. Let us listen to him as to the language of a vexed and worried ghost : — 'I cannot help informing their lord ships of the bad behavior of the masters of the convoys In general. For the whole voyage they never obeyed any one signal that tended to keep them in their situa tions, and it was in vain to fire shot to compel them, because they took care to be scattered about so much that they were seldom within gunshot, and when I shortened sail for the bad-sailing ships most of the others kept ahead and to wind ward, often so far off as we could but see their hulls, and frequently In the morn ings the Enterprise was the hindmost ship of the fleet, except one or two bad sailing ships that I_made my study to keep sight of. In the* night time I did fire some fchot at them in hopes It would put them in mind of doing their duty, ac cording to the instructions they received from me ; but instead of that I had the mortification to see my signals, which were made In the king's ship, disobeyed with contempt, and found it was vain to throw away any more powder and shot at them, as I might have fired all that was in the ship without answering any end. I may venture to say if the ships that lost company with me had kept their stations as they ought to have done so many Bhlpa would not have been taken, as I brought home some of the worst sailing sbipa in | the fleet.' ' { But though the naval officer of olden j days had substantial reasons for complain ing of the worry and anxiety caused him ? by the merchant captains, whose ships it was his business to protect, it is nevertheless the fact, that from the ranks of those plain, sturdy, com mercial seamen, there may be collected such instances of perfect heroism, of the most brilliant courage, as are scarcely to be paralleled by the. most shining of the records of the British navy. I have long had it in my mind to compile a volume out of the deeds and behavior of the merchant sailor, whether of the quarterdeck or the forecastle, in war times. The silence of the naval historians is unjust. There Is room surely In the story of the British navy for reference to deeds that render the red flag as noble a symbol as the white. These same Downs and the district round, past either Foreland, have been the scene of dramas whose heroes, because they were mercantile Jacks, 'finds no place in the list of Britannia's distinguished seamen. (To be continued,) 