A Horrible. Murder. NORMANTON, Saturday.—News of a horrible murder by an aboriginal has been received from the Northern Territory, via Camooweal. On December 31 a stockman on the Brunette Downs, named Muggleton, left his hut and proceeded to work, leaving Robert Hamilton behind. On re- turning in the evening he found Hamilton dead in a pool of blood. Inside the hut was a butcher's knife, stuck in the blood-stained floor beside him. He went a short distance to a gunyah, where he found a blackfellow named Caliph, who said Hamilton kicked him in the back, and he then killed him. Muggleton saw that the blackfellow had several wounds on the back, and was in great pain, being unable to move. Muggleton then went to the head station, and reported the occurrence to the manager, Mr. John Roberts, a magistrate, who went with him to the scene of the murder. After holding the inquiry, Muggleton was sworn in as a special constable, and the blackfellow was given into his custody, charged with murder. Caliph, however, died on January 2 from the wounds in his back. He had evidently been watching the hut until Hamilton left to fetch water, and then went in to rob the tucker-box ; but, being caught by Hamilton, he returned his attack by stabbing him. Hamilton, who was 30 years of age, was a native of Warr- nambool, where his parents and relatives reside. NATIONAL INDEPENDENCE OF HOLLAND.---On November 17, being the 75th anniversary of the establishment of the national independence of Holland, festivities of various kinds, organised by private initiative, took place in several of the principal cities of the Netherlands, notably in Rotterdam, where there was a grand allegorical procession with representations of historical epi- sodes and personages signalised in the Dutch annals. Prominent among these was the figure of Prince William of Orange, who reigned in England as King William III. A very curious plant is found in Manitoba, along the Red River. It is a delicate, pure white stalk, leaf and bloom, and is called the "Mono- tropa, Indian pipe, Ghost or Corpse plant." The exhibition held in Glasgow last year has produced a profit of £47,000, being about £7000 more than the net profits of the highly success- ful Jubilee Exhibition held in Manchester in 1887. 