THE PROTECTIONIST ? CONFERENCE. FOURTH DAY'S PROCEEDINGS. I Yesterday morning the sittings of the National Protection C for once were insured for the fourth time in the New Masonic Hall under the presidency of Mr Edmund Barton, M L C There was a large attend once of delegates, and early in the morning Mr Dibbs and Mr. Lyne, M L A , were present i THE KALI USlUl OF THE 1 Aim I In accordance with a previous arrangement Mr Lmdumnn rose to bring forward the question of choos- ing a rendered the party His resolution was,-" I had so much of the Stun ling Orders be suspended as would preclude the taking into consider items of the following motion ' 1 but the Hon Edmund Barton Q C president of this conference be requested to act as Parliamentary leader of the National Press concert Party '" At the ouiKQt he announced that it was his intention to withdraw the mutton, a station ent which was received with applause Notwithstanding this intention he maintained that the conference was the proper place and the proper time at which to submit such a resolve- | tion . the President said it gave him great satisfaction to hear Mr. Lindeman's decision All would vein matter with what earnestness he endeavoured to point de ole mover in the previous day not to bring forward the proposition He explained, then that the carrying of such a resolution would plum but in a position of a serious difficulty and embarrassment beiHiiso, ever ' supposing the c n ft race was the pr< por body to deal . mine such a matter, he would not have undertaken n he responsibility of leading the party lines vin, and his j- j reason, why that the conference thought it proper or mt, which was that from time women urged the UMtg of the House or Commons and every other deh scrutiny assembly in the world had been that the 3 per ships in party should be left in five had a of a ca acts, if he might use the tariff, dump "ed of marking mentary representative it was only those who were elected as representatives to Parliament who know the progress of he circumstance who could name at an improper diced and unimpeachable judgment in a r Letter of this kind Let king at the Germany and thyroid desire for organising n which have been lovingly rf_-ouLhout the whole of their proceedings be thought on behalf of the party, that there should be no desire to interfere with such eaiiibhabed functions. (Applause ) year. Lisdkm N, m explanation, said h M ann in asking Mr. Barton to take the vendors s 6s jBe party was prompted by his knowledge of the general desire in the country that Mr Barton had to be, ,"px that position If they appointed Mr. reason, he felt certain the protectionist party would come) back from an appeal to the country with great majority (Ap- plause ) 1 mi PitRaiDFNT thanked Mr Lindeman for his intentions and his appreciation of whatever services he had rendered to the party A NATIONAL PROTECTION ASSOCIATION Debate was continued put the motion of Mr For KNth for the formation of a united association of protectionist orjrauisairc<J8unilertbon«meuf the "National Protection Aaaew fon of BW South Wales " The Presides t formulated the following resolution to take) the place, 0f the first subsection of the original resolution " That the Hon birW M»cJch\,M bC, Messrs G ) t Dibbs, J P Abbott, W J Lyne. J M F Chanter and Ava Edmunds, M L A , II 1 Heydon, h, Bat to a, F B. Suttor. M L C A Forsyth, H. Armstrong, J. de V and). J T look v, A Martin, and J. P Wright, together with two gentlemen to be now elected by ballot, constitute the executive committee of such National Association " this amendment excited considerable discussion, the representatives of the I political and Protection Re- form League supporting ii, while members of the National Club and many country members opposed it On being put, to the vote, the apartment was lost, and be resolution as originally iron used was carried unanimously, CLOSE OF THE OOIyFFVAFNCE The previous rose union was the last business transacted by the conference, and congratulatory opinions were expressed regarding the unanimity with which the question of organisation had been decided Mr. Meyer moved and Mr Wbbsteh seconded a by one of confidence in the National Club This was em ned with acclamation line president on behalf of the committee, returned thanks, adding that the work of the conference, while arduous and difficult, had been brought to a successful issue A vote of thanks was enthusiastically awarded to the president for his services in the chair and after Mr Barton had briefly responded and assured the party of his unabated desire to serve the cause, the proceedings fare at 1 settle t terminate- at a social le. I MOMO DOWN THE HARBOUR An hour later, on the invitation of the National Club, the de grates were taken on an excursion to the verdict of Drummoyne. All the delegates were in attendance, and they were accompanied by Sir William Made Ay, president of the National Club. Mr. Edi- and Barton, inches.. president of the conference, Y Mr. J. Lucas, M.]L.C, Mr. Lyne. W.L.A., and other r visitors. A luncheon was provided in the pavilion at, the Avenue by Mr. Baumann. Sir William Macleay presided, Mr. Lyne occupying the vice-chair. After luncheon Sir William Macleay proposed "The Queen" and the Governor," both toasts being loyally honoured. Mr. Barton, who, on rising, war is loudly; cheered, said he felt it an honour to have the opportunity of proposing the toast of the delegates who had. sat in the recent conference. (Hear, hear) During the sittings he had had a fairly good opportunity of being able to pronounce an opinion on the value < g the gathering, and the probable results of their deliberations when their neighbours the freetraders had liuishedtbe'tr c reference-, over which they took so much per ob, peopl c wore apt to say and think that there had be (on and was to be a great free-trade boom. (Laughter, and a voice: "A corroboree.") assume an expression of opinion certainly came with a great deal, of his army from the freetrade side. In his belief,,' if by a right express an opinion, the boom was broken, and it had been about as short-lived as the most ephemeral mining venture that had been experienced in the common r. It was a kind of resurrection, an as the freetraders applied to them the term of restrictionist, they must retort by calling them the insurrectionists. (Laughter.) The spirit, however, seemed to have gone back steady to the place from whence it came, Laurel er.) They had an idea that an apparition of the kind could only have emanated from the re. to ride party, as its leader was the greatest authority in the colony on ghosts. (Laughter.), That ghost having been laid, the chief manuf) iciurer-and no doubt he had established a thriving ghost industry would speedily manufacture another. (Loudjaugbte'r.) Two or three months ago o, when the privileges of the people were said to be threatened, the ghost of an elective Upper House was raised so as to make it more thoroughly ' conservative than at present. (Laughter.) After the Protectionist Conference which I had just closed, he thought they would be sorry difhVull y in raising any other ghost. (Cheers.) P perhaps, / however, they might raise a casual luboury'ghost-<loud laughter) but still it would not be parties iiarlyewrréplihientary tout lii«ethechiel news asthenewapparition. (Laughter.) However, he supposed there won Jd be ghosts, ghosts, and ghosts for ever. (Laughter a) To the delegates for their conduct in the conference be returned his thanks. The spirit main tested throughout the conference with one worthy of those who desired to consolidate and help forward. the (treat national party. (Cheers.) The whole 'proceedings had been' marked by a judicious' consideration of the measures submitted for discussion i, and a moderate expression of opinion. DVifeienoes there had been, and naturally so in a large slithering such as theirs, but at no time had there been Any upon each to such scenes as sometimes were witnessed in another place, nor had there been any approach to the use of such language as invariably incited to disorder in that < some place to which he had made passing reference. (Cheery.) Those who organised the gathering came to the conclusion that inasmuch as they were all agreed upon the policy of protection, the business of the meeting, of the inference should be mainly that of formulating opinions upon certain matters of liberal reform, leaving protectionist views for the evening, when the public could be called together to say whether they agreed to their views or not. So far as they had been able to see unanimity upon protection was assured by those meetings of the public. Never since protection was advocated in the country had there been such a strong desire on the part of the people to endorse it, and to bring it into active operation. (Applause.) This had been the death of the freetrade boom. ! (Applause.) As for the meetings in the day time the opinions expressed and the resolutions formulated were characterised on the one hand by a liberal , desire to give effect to progressive thought, and on the other by moderation. It seemed to him that the work done by the conference must give material assistance to the enforcement of that fiscal policy. He congratulated the party upon having done good and sound work. He felt assured the result of it would be manifested at its next general election. As they were aware, at the last election them having the | management of affairs determined there should be no j constituency uncontested in the protectionist interest. That determination was carried out to the utmost with the result that their Parliamentary force was greatly I strengthened at the time their organisation, though : better than that of their opponents, was not so complete as it could be made. One result of the con ft fence would be made manifest in the resolution passed that morning, a resolution giving to those who had been hitherto doing their best in the organisation of the affairs of the party he meant the Nations i Club effective assistance from the representative bodies elsewhere and which proposed as the basis of the whole organisation a council consisting of representatives from all the associations of the country. (Applause.) The result would be to bring their own Btttiun to a state of completion never know n before and which the other side would not be able to approach. (Hear, hear.) Where support was most wanted they had given most effective support, and that wish in the metropolis and suburbs; and where organisation was most wanted they had provided for the most effective organisation, and that was in all the districts of the colony. It was to the delegates and to the manner in which business of the conference had been conducted, that the success which lay before them, was mainly due (Applause ; The toast responded to by Mr Graham (Goulburn), Mr Hutchison (Forbes), Mr Ryan (Bathurst), Mr. yNilhOD ( Armidale), Mr L Liscombe, and Mr Scott Ross Lar li speaker loiupliiiiCDtid this popular of the toast upon the admirable manner in which he had presided over ilaoBiiti_L.«°f the ( conference " for Î^4NI. M.L.A., who is well to avoid, proposed the National Party " he said he did not intend to detain n though many more nts boiHUSo he saw before him the nucleus of the National party, each and every member or of y\hu h know as well us he did as it were the seven men <s and the con- titution of the party. He would like, tiny you to direct their intention for a man went to the reasons which had called the ni together in the iss only just now come sided 1 his assembly It is the second and the jury st that had ever been held "'the profit tmniMt nurse in Sydney (Hear, hear ) ' he former conference was one that was promoted by 'earnest and good workers (hear, hear) some of we can be ying plea- ed to see pier, at uniting them They oughttoIcol than', fultoSirNN Mackay, tlicirprosid.tit, at. this stage for t, lying the in such great assis once by his presence in a c promote met their cure of Sir W m Macleay had but for many years the great protectionist, the mo.! consistent and the most respected pro section is in Nun built killers and they owe a great deal to him for tearing the national party to its present successful life we though born not them did | not quite understand in what manner that party had been brought together, they must seeing that all but had been lionel al been done in the best interests of the cause of profit ellon ( Np plause ) Piu was glad indeed that the idea of getting the doll gas is another from the different t parts of the country to (Milang their side it had been conceived and so success! fully carried out It enabled them to come in contact with each other and to find out under what circles! in as they in Sydney more labourers to assist the rt national cause Every cause must h yo a head, and that he id column should be in the most im- port in a part of the colony. It was not the present time in this very centre of free trade (Hear, hear ) As they had been told over and over again, Free trade was sup ported by the Sydney merchants and protection was supported by the country produce ing power From early this in at the best of season they were aware, and he was sorry to say it is so, that the fight was between the producing power and the mi- no ting power of the colony It was a light between the country and the city, a and he was seen to have it in the case Thomas object which had exiled them together in conference had been to town a platform on which they could fight the next general elect n and they had come to a general consensus of opinion, which in every Refuse was an undesirable one the national party is not too conservative party, any more than the fire traders were the liberal party, as they called themselves Those around him were the nucleus of, und in reality were, the national and liberal party of New South NViiUs then platform shows d it, and he hoped that each and all would fight at the next general e action and bring,, it to imiicctsntul issue. During the last general election the protectionist party were not promised as they are and have been Him did not know the whole contents of the policy, nor the complete composition of the platform on which they were to fight which, however r, they returned to their various electorates and associations, they should use it youd Vie their duty to use their utmost ends is ours to form other associations and branches, and to prepare every detail in readiness for the fight they must inevitably take place within the next few ii south. (Cheers ) Let them follow Mr. Barton's advice, and it they did they would return to their numerous districts with hearts bent on carrying out the policy of the conference, and to make such uni carry our such anning minds as would secure at the next general election a majority of 60 on M) members to sit in the Legislative Assembly. (Cheers ) The fount was drunk with musical honours Mr. John Young responded. Mr sMiTH (Mayor of Cudgegong) proposed "The Political Committee of the National Club." a toast which was heartily received and acknowledged at length by Mr A Iohsnth The remaining to ists wore, "The Parliament " (proposed by Nir Johnson and responded to by Nlr J Lucas, M L C), ' I ha Press and " The Chairs in " .buunequontly the gathering whs photographic, after which a return to town was made. Circular Quay w as read bed at b lo, and on disembarking the delegates lined up outside the court, had no sir NN William Macleay and Vic Burton passed through the rank they were heartily , cheered a 