. - — ; » I MUSICAL GEMS. The loving genius of mankind once appeared before Jupiter and prayed : " Heavenly Father, give to thy poor mortals ; a better language, for they liave only words in which to express how they mourn or rejoice, or love." " But have I not given to them the tear ? " said Jupiter, "the tear of joy, the tear of sorrow, and the sweetest tear of love?" The Genius answered : " Even the tear cannot express the emotions of the heart, Heavenly Father; give to them' a better language m which they can express their infinite longings, the light of their childhood's morning star, the after glow of the aurora of their youth, and in their old age, the golden evening cloud of a future life which soars brilliant and high above their setting sun.! Give to them an utterance for the heart, : my Father. " Then Jupiter heard in the music of the . spheres the approach of Polyhymnia, beckoned to her, and said, " Descend to men and teach them thy language." So the music of song came among us,- and under her teaching the heart at length acquired a language. Mrs. Partington who went to a concert to hear Blind Tom " play by- ear," writes that she was swindled, and wants us to expose the fraud. She says that instead of playing by ear, lie' played with his fingers, just like any other performer. She squirted the accordeon in and out a few times by way of an opening voluntary, in the door of the restaurant, and then, in a voice like tlie melodious, gritty persuasions of a decayed file on a second-hand circular saw, she warbled : — " Oh, Willie, is it you, dear ? ' Mine host.said it was, and that' she had better " git " or he'd " bounce " her. ' . Wanted, a tenor, who hasn't been told by his friends that his voice is just like Brignoli's. ? Also a soprano who has never been heard to say " my voice is clear as a bell. " Also a bass who does not invari ably sing in response to an encore, " Rocked in the Cradle of the Deep." And an alto who thought that any other alto could " sing for sour apples." A musical festival was held in Florence some years ago to celebrate Cliristo'fori, who a century and a half ago, while clavecin maker to the Grand Duke of Tuscany, invented the piano- forte. ; Various instru ments illustrating the progress of the art were ex hibited, and the Italian pianists present executed a number of pieces by ancient and modern masters. Signor Biaza played, Handel and . Scarlatti on Bartholomew ChriBtofori's piano, the slenderness of the tone of which contrasted oddly with the fullness and richness of . tone of the piano-fortes by Erard, Backstein and Steinway. The Messrs Chiekeiing possess an old instrument of the kind which is a very interesting specimen and well worth a visit. 4 0 o — " Hath this thing appear'd to-night ' Aye, marry, to-night, and last night, and is likely to for many nights more What tiling ? Why, D'Arcy Read's Ghost at the Hibernian Hall, of course. The Lyhch's appear as usual at the - AtlieniBum to-night, only, not as usual, they introduce for the first time in Australia, Miss M. E. Ranclell, a New Zealand songstress of whom great things 'are said. Mr. Edwin Smith, the harpist, also re-appears. TT7 _ JT .1 TV/T-J T .I.-. „£ ; 1 ' -L l Nexi vv euiiesuuiV lYictucwno utbiiu,, piuuiatt? , ui tugxi attainments, gives a piano recital at , the . Athenaeum under the Vice-regal, Mayoral, and other distinguished patronage. ' Mr. Harry St. Maur delivered most interesting lecture at the Town Hall on Thursday night, his sub ject being "Habits," in its meaning as mannerisms. There was a fairly good audience, amongst whom was His Excellency Sir William Robinson. . . By intelligence from Paris dated June l3th, we learn that 'the Prince and Princess of Wales and family' were in Paris, and that they spent nearly every evening t!t one. or other of the theatres. The personal estate of the late Mr. Carl Rosa has been valued at £78,758 12s. 4d. Prior to his . departure for Australia the members of the orchestra at the Theatre Royal, Haymarket, .pre sented the musical director, Mr. Hamilton Clarke, with a very handsome ivory baton, mounted in silver, and suitably engraved. The presentation was accom panied by an address, signed by every member of the orchestra, and read on their behalf by Mr. Grimmett: Mr. Clarke replied in feeling terms, and after a bumper had been drunk to the health, prosperity, and happi ness of a valued friend and a genuine English musician, the proceedings were brought to a close. = ' 