Random Scrlbblings. ['Rv Job Trotter.1 Mr. Editor. — People in Balmain and Leichhardt must be hard to ploase if thoy are not satisfied with the provision made both for their amusement and instruction, Take last week, for instance, and boginning ?with Sunday (leaving out the inevitable sermons) we havo'Miss Jessie Philip's leoturo on ' kind John ' our interesting Chiriosd friend ; Dr. Rosoby at Leichhardt, shows us glitnpsos of tho sovonth- hoavon ^Vondorlaud scenery, whilo wo aro) virtually viewing; it from noross ' the groat gulf fixed.' Then comes ' Tho walking signboard,' tho writing on whioh claims to bo as exaot as tho ' Mono, Tekel ' of Daniel, and despite your broadcloth and John Davies looks, writes you down the villain you are. Thou as to musio: the ladio3 on Wednesday iu tho Oampbell stroot Hall scorned everything connected with tho gentlemen, but their money; but gavo a fino quid pro quo ; and- at St. Mary's ooncort in tho School of Arts where tho programme was of the best, and, as tho in habitants of the land of ' punch, priests and potatoes,' would say, tho performance better, l'ho Rov. Mr, Grimm told us, in due historio fashion, all about our own country within a certain period, and told it well. Further, the Wosleyans of Dar ling-street rejoiced exceedingly in their anniversary, both in oreaturo comforts in tho School of Arts, and spiritually after wards in tho church, Thon '? sooiety ?' ' topped up ' with tho Rowing Olub Ball, and nearly danced tho week out. All this is a fair, programme for two suburbs in one week, and does not tako notice of tho jnany lodges, I.O.Q- T's., Bulls and others who all glide sweetly from businoss to harmony. Of all And sundry I say, Mr. Editor, ' may their shadows never grow less ! ' Land went cheaply at — : — — - Park the other day. Most of us' doubtless read tho auctioneer's glowing description of the allotments, which, according to him, pos sessed every picturesque, commercial, and sanitary advantage under tho sun. Indeed tho description, in this mstanco, was not far in advance of fact. Of course 'intend- ing buyors ' flocked to view the eligiblo sites, but as the community is largely a .workinginan's locality, numbers had to visit the ground after their daily toils were were over and the evening shades pre vailed. What was tho consternation of those latter when, night after night, they were scared from their inspections^ by a veritable ghost, uo nonsense about it, for it was soen of many, _ Tho auctioneer and owner were in despair as the day of sale .drew near ; although the title was Torrens, and the prospective advantages many, there was likely to be a poor show for land domi nated by a spirit from the unknown. But one oitizen with an evenly-balanced mind, wno aian c oeueve in gnoses, iouk.hu ? smilingly on the ' property, despite its -special handicap, and on the day of sale, ;lots 1, 2, 3, and the rest were all knocked ; down to this gentleman at merely nominal .prices, as . there was ' no reserve.' In short. Mr. Dodds became owner of the in valuable property for a song, and duly took possession for cash. Strange to say at this ? epoch in my history, the ghostly scare dis ? appeared; and, as -tongues will wag, especially when their owner's pockets are ?touched, there were people unkind enough to say that a relative of Mr. Dodds, who 'was chronically ' in the spirit,' about this time was seen to possess the untold wealth of five pounds, and then discreetly did as most ghosts do — vanished. * * I make no apology sir, for denouncing, with righteous indignation, the filthy spawn of uncloan minds whioh has recently come to life from the office of a Sunday journal; in tho shapo of what can only be called by an abuse of words, a newspaper. If it be true that its first issue reached 30,000 copies (and I groatly doubt it) then 'there are certainly the same number of 'pruriont minds in Sydney. Asamatterof 'buriosity I waded through tho columns of iniquity (barring the sporting information) which make, up the first issue, and I can safely assert that its authors are well quali fied to adorn the Goal Hole or to boss a stew. It is early days with this periodical -yet; but if it continues to set itself to .pollute the general mind, I doubt not the vast: majority o£ the public, indignant at ihe insult whioh its publication offers to: decency and common sense, will bestir themselves in order to give it ''the happy despatch.' If over there was a case whioh comes under Lord Campbell's Aot, this is one ; itvios with tho worst literature of Holywell-streot, and some of its items would bring a blush to a courtezan's cheeks. In tho hands of hot and unbridled youth this periodical is calculated to do immea surable harm; I hope, therefore. Mr. Editor, that you will join me in hounding down this foul blot upon our Sydney press. Tribulation reigns at a distance some thing less than one thousand miles from the Newtown-road, and the peace of a ?once ibappy homo is ruthlessly distroyed. And in this wise. Mr., shall we say, Boffin, returned home from the office one evening \- showing unmistakably that the driving of the quill and the sanding of the sugar of com merce, were telling on him physically and mentally. Mrs. B., one of the kindest and most sympathetic of wives, notes the sym toms with a loving eye, and suggests to her spouse; that a week or so at the seaside w'ould restore vigor to his debilitated sys tem. Mr. * B. (nothing loth, however) suggests the olaims of' business as a bar to the affectionate proposal, thinks that he may possibly,' struggle on' alittle longer vet* but eventually yields, with a martyr like 1 resignation, and will try a ohange down at M ? , while Mrs. B. keeps things going at home. « The sceno ohanges to the beaoh at M — — :. and Mr. Bolfin, already restored to sprightly health,1 is reolinihg on the sands, surrounded Twr -fa/ri nv flirnn rrirlrlv vnnno tln'np-fi' who fondle . the old boy in quite a filial way, demolish pastry and lemonade,' at his exponse!' in an alarming manner, and unanimously, vote him ' a dear old duok.' So familiar do they becomo that the little doves investigate oritically his rings and ornaments, and ask ' whoss's likeness it is he keeps in tho large looket on his albert ?' Bofflu opens it for inspection, disclosing a life-like photo of his good wife, whom he, ?with tears running from his eyes, describes tohisfriendsashis 'dear old mother.' Then it was '.that an itinerate photographer appears on the soene, and the fair one's suggest ' how nice ' it would be to be taken in a , group with Mr. B, in. the centre. . What can Mr. Boffin do but gratify them; but after tho pioture is aotually taken a horrid thought strikes him that possibly it might' somehow reach the ?hands of his wife. He, therefore, ? ' blows ., up,'! and refuses, for some paltry reason, to pay the photographer who unwillingly takes the 'negative' away with him. AU this time Boffin is writing home spas modioally , inlugubrious terms, anticipating so he says, fondly tho period when his exile will bo over, and intimating that his only pleasure is to read and ro-read the letters recoived doily from 'his darling little wife.' Mr. B. iu due time retains to his dosk and counter ; and as tho fates would have it, Mrs. B. takes it into her head that Rhe will have herself photo graphed. Ia_ George-stroot sho finds her artist, who being busy at the time, hands her his album with whioh to while away the moments of waiting. ' Horror ! what is this 1 My husband in a pioture with three hussies— suroly not 1' But yes I Thoreisno mistaking B, and tho artist is asked for an explanation. Mr. Photographer recounts the oiroumstancos iu which* he took the picture, adding ' and its not paid for yet.' Mrs. B, cleared that door liko a rooket; and ovon the swift 'tra'n' was unablo to onrrr hor fast enough to Nowtown, Wo gladly draw a veil ovor the ovoning's tea-table; the anguish of the deceivod wife and the dismay of tho perjured Bofflu. Now, sir, a cloud hangs on tho once happy home, and Mr. B. iuay_ work himsolf to skin and bono before ho is likoly to ro-visit M ? , unless, indood, carefully guarded from giddy wiles by his now rigorous wife. * ? Doesn't it strike you, sir, that there are growing symptoms of a dosiro to establish what I may term ' hole and cornorism ' in our midst ? I go back to the election (or a try at it) of a successor to Bishop Barry, and lo ! ' closed doors.'' Noxt crops up tho publication of Obscono Evidence Bill, possibly well-meant, but still a restriction of public liberty. Now we havo the Elections and Qualifications Committor of the Assembly iu tho matter of Mr. Schey's disputed return for Rodforn, sitting with closed doors, and the press oxcluded. This, too, in face of the plain reading of the Act appointing such com mittee, It appears to me, sir, we are coming to something, und that the time is opportune in the face of such crisos (I call them so) to sound a note to guard our liberties. The thin end of tho Star Chamber wedge is inserted just in tho indirect wav I havo pointed out ; and it is only when it is driven homo and a big rift in our valued liberties made, that we fiud we have surrendered too much. Of course there are circumstances justifying and, in faot, necessitating the exclusion of the public at times ; but what I am afraid of is a grow ing tendenoy in certain quarters, to make exolusion the rule, and to hold our rights of publioity so cheaply, that they are invaded on the smallest pretext. The ways of photographers are not al ways like Wisdom's ' pleasantness,' nor are their paths invariably 'peace.' This was borne down on my mind forcibly this week, in the efforts of a neighbor, the proud father of a fine boy. six months old, who, in a rash moment at his wife's sug gestion, consented to have his son photo graphed. To guard against accidents likely to arise from feminine excitability, he weakly volunteered to accompany the party ; and when the nowa of tho expedition were communicated to grandma and grandpa, both of them expressed their' intention of ' assisting' on tho occasion, as at their age their advice might prove invaluable. An aunt from whom papa has ?'expecta- tions ' also volunteered, and for obvious reasons, could not well be refused. Of course there was Biddy also, to carry the baby, and that fiery-headed damsel com pleted the escort. Duly was baby landed at 'tho studio,' and, after endless endea vors, posed for a sitting. Happily for the o'jrvM-ss of tho operation, the several .-.i-.uves wore fully occupied in examining the various photos displayed in the rooms so that at the critical moment only Biddy was loft in attendance on baby. Just as the operator had exposed tho lens, _ with averted face, Biddy's womanly curiosity tempted hor to place her burning locks in front of it, so that a complex jumble of 'the gal' and the baby was the result. The operator's big D soon brought the rest of the escort on the scene, and each and all tried to coax baby to another sitting, but in vain. At last the artist intimated that the light was gotting weak and suggested an adjournment, which was carried, the parties leaving with depreciatory remarks on the operator s sfeill. Ho, nowever, contrived to whisper to the mother on leaving, to bring down the baby by her self next day, which was done, and a beau tiful likeness of the 'best baby in the world ' was obtained. Thus, sir, are our sympathies enlisted for tho photographor, whose lot, like a policeman's is not al ways a happy one. 