O -„fv ip London have sent out 1000 6e Bible Socie '^ ^ s M a oi New South . for use m 1I1L \- presented with the champion isoo. An American second-hand Ihad it for sale in ISSS. _ rnuvTKKKandher/ance, Signor Buzz,, If 1 La Jed to appear at the Sunday con- IS.c5£io»Th2tre, Sydney. I T. X. VI ITIIFRS the well-known novelist, ^ an Australian play, fwrtl be shortly produced in Melbourne. ? lift Presbyterian congregations in New LttVe's 50 declined to contribute anything LB to the fund for aged and infirm ministers. „»rr I was not Sat home in my >aiden b, " a d one of the newly-elected in the £ Parliament the other day. "We wish to £ you were, " was the rejoinder. Rockhampton Town Council has invited Una men of that spoiled city to attend the En meetings regularly, so as to receive lessons Lc speaking and general good manners. LXON buvying-place was discovered lately Id St John's College Cambridge. From what fcnnd in it it seems that the Saxons must Lade a lot of bones about burying their ft Sydney Echo asks:—"Are our Armstrong [to lay on the wharf or in a store until ite'" We say they should not. They should Lght out, loaded and fired at the head of the Editor until they lodge some grammar in him. IULKJNG vagrant has been sent to gaol by the Bench for twelve months. On being tea he described himself as "a journalist." iuld be highly interesting to know how many ; who are arrested do not describe them- &s; either journalists or actors. ! observant person has discovered that by Lg the breath a man can prevent a mosquito [biting him, the insect being unable to pene- | the skin so long as the breath is retained, [theory was published in the papers a few i back, and last Friday a man at Sale tried it. buito lauded on his jaw ; the man held his h, the mosquito camped to wait his chance, be man broke a blood vessel. OT of sympathy is being thrown away on that ["Brisbane M.D. who sent home to England for Fe, and found when the ship arrived that : married the captain during the voyage. 1 to see how, in Protectionist countries, can consistently sympathise with such a i trader. Independent of the question of fccouragement of local industry why in thunde ae Herald speak of the young woman as his ice '"> ! Bishop of Manchester (Moorhouse) is dis- ' at the population of England increasing rate of more than 1000 a day, and is ig about for remedial measures. The resources fc country, he thinks, can never stand such a Iraenal birth-rate. Resolute action must be I to avert widespread distrers. Emigration •relieve the strain to some extent, but 4 his Tup instances another remedy which would move efficacious and make no calls upon mies to ensure its successful execution. R-MAGISTEATE of Rockhampton, P ior the new faith. The employes of the Ittopkeepera had, after lengthened agitation, |won the battle of early closing. One or f™7 on] y st °od in the road and tempted iJl v'tj rJheBe Mr Lukin \- set his official Heu . e e the Government visited him pleasure. They removed him to MarynrST Ealary wU1 ^ £150 a year less Rockhampton. Mr. Lukin is a Tasmanian • W !u t to n Q ueen sland when a youth, taw m - Gove ™ment service one way r ever s.noe. Be is a brother of Mr. p journalist and sharebroker. £c R n S f KVM T 1<; of S 5' dne y. ha8 within the lEofLi W , fc ! ks . Eeized about two hundred d hmt and fil P u] P' intended for marma £IX tons of bad Sll? fish. In m / , T'. a tters of this kind are, J Ur "' d 111 the presence of the City , crem'atin " the ,ast unload was on the an e, |teto ] r terprising speculator took d Kbe e i aud ^ered him £20 for all the .Prepared next week." He was, diKharl \l gl ! e an undertaking that he dec M" Melbon , a y e d goods, by cattle- 0, 1 ne, as material for 'the ensuing ? Rgu R'S lot 'S not always as cheerful a n d P"® care as tl V tt 'ways as cneeriul am P r e s e t s { s t a n t observer m a y imagine , V W in f? l p o s e d u P o n in a manner that 'he Eerenit,, . e x treme, and calculated to a nd ston7 . ? P a i l >ted Scotchman m a d e V the i 0 "- b e ( ore a ci 8 ar sh °P- ? ake * School „f M? n a l m a n w h o broke into the i, in point TU t h e o t h e r night as an c Canity in u • 8 e ntleman displayed , n v H e r e V i r r i an entrance into the l n n K : d «ie work c u t ' o r fiIe > or saw, h e : t > intend; a t n e s s and an excellent " e m e t o leave a good impression behind him ; but how were his efforts rewarded ? He got into the stronghold, and got out again with the booty in a manner eminently satisfactory to all concerned, but at this point the nocturnal artisan was moved to sit down in the enclosure, loosen his neck-cloth and swear till the veins stood out on his forehead like the ribs of an old-fashioned gingham. He had gone to all that trouble to obtain possession of a number of plaster-of-paris nuggets. These models were coated with gold leaf, and worth about half a-crown a ton. We have never been in the burglary line ourselves, but we've been in Parliament, and we know how it pains -a man to have his little jobs knocked on the dead like that. Who could blame this burglar if he retired from the business in disgust, and revenged himself upon society by ^becoming a lawyer ? Is there anything certain in these delusive days ? We are beginning to think there is not. One by one our most cherished beliefs have been ruthlessly torn from us. We have given up hope in a happy hereafter ; we have given up faith in woman (most of her at any rate) ; we have eveii given up confidence in church bazaars. But there was one belief we clung to in the midst of these shifting sands of doubt. It was, that oysters should always be eaten with stout. Now, even this is taken from us. A Parisian doctor—eminent, of course—has discovered that itout is the worst drink possible to take with oysters, and that even spirits are a better concomitant. 1 his is a crusher. It would be more of a crusher if we were in the habit of eating oysters, which we are not. But we had a sweet old superstition about their being inseparable from stout all the same. And now that is demolished ! But the demijohn is still left us. Now and then there crops up in the course of the administration of our public nffairs the evidence of a law or a custom which shows how dark were human intellects a few years ago. Last week, in Sydney, a police magistrate discovered, while turning a case over, ihat the corpses of pauper bodies are buried under special regulations. Corpses in whose old clothes the requisite cash is found can demand a place in the Sunday train to the necropolis at Rook wood, while corpses " dead broke" must lie over till Monday. This, too, holds good even when decomposition has far advanced in the bodies of paupers. In fact, decomposition or no decomposition, a corpse in the keeping of the authorities, and unable to pay its way, cannot be buried on a Sunday. What is asked now is—Who made that regulation ? NELLIE FA KEEN has fallen from her high estate in our frenzied eBtimalion, and now we worship at another shrine, where Bacchus is boss. We read that on landing at San Francisco the aged but agile Nellie rushed enthusiastically on shore, and embraced some stones that were lying around handy, and kiesed them, and said, " At last I am in this dear new land, America !"• Now, that makes us bitter, and causes us to mutter and kick the cat. No doubt the reader remembers that when the Gaiety freebooters landed in Adelaide the frisky Farren cuddled a post, and kissed it, and got off that same gush, only substituting Australia for America. We thought at the time that the enthusiasm was an original outburst of poetic affection, and we were glad, and the papers all reportfd the circumstance with an insinuated assurance that Australia would get along all right now since the Gaiety Btar had taken it to her boSom and put her benediction upon it; but it seems, after all, that the affair was a premeditated gag, originating out of the depths of somebody's cussedness for advertisibg purposes, and we are mad. We want Nellie Farren to Bend back that cauliflower we gave her. THE proposed transfer of Mr. Edward Garlile from the assistant clerkship of the Legislative Assembly to the Law Department bas caused quite a flutter of expectation in the breasts of some halfa-dozen Civil Servants emulous of figuring as second mate in the Parliament staff of the second branch of the Legislature. This is an office that cannot be well filled unless by a person specially trained to work on the spot; and to ensure efficiency in this respect, the Clerk of Committees is obliged to sit at the table of the House during its sittings, so that on any emergency arising a competent locum lenens may be at hand. Mr. C. G. Duffy, the holder of the latter office for several years, Bhould therefore unquestionably be the coming man, and as the appointment is now vested in the Speaker, it would be unreasonable to imagine for a moment that he will do otherwise than " put the right man in the right place." MR. BRVCE SMITH, the Minister for Works in the new Parkes Government, promises to cut a clean path. Whatever about partisan politics, it is but fair to admit that he possesses a clear intellect, a straight vision and a decisive tongue. His information is wide and his experience varied. Melbourne peop'e know his qualities as well as Sydney people. In selecting him for the Works Department, Sir Henry appears to some to have put Mr. Smith in the wrong Ehop; but when it is recollected that the actual work in all Government Departments is done by the permanent officers, and that in the Ministerial head the main things wanted are a knowledge of principles and Eound judgment, one sees that the appointment is justified. Mr. Smith is likely to be a considerable g^in to the Parkes party. THERE was an interesting case in the District Court the other day, when a dentist sued a lady to recover the price of a handful of teeth made and delivered according to order. The lady refuBed to pay for the hand- made masticators on the plea that the engineer's plans and specifications weie faulty, and he had turned out a framework full of teeth that would not fit anyone who bad a moutb smaller than that of a mountain ravine. The mouthmechanic argued that it was impossible to fit a facial aperture on the first application, and said that with a little Bawing off, and planing down, and filling in, the l eeth would chip in like a bung in a cask. In order to be in a position to fairly and impartially ajudicate, the Bench ordered the teeth to be fitted in the presence of experts, and, being satisfied that the job was completed according to contract, gave a verdict in favour of the manufacturer, at the same time infofminsr the lady that, as the teeth did not please her, she could put them in the poor-box for the benefit of the inmates of the Benevolent Asylum. We advise the lady, if those teeth are so very extensive, to advertise 'hem for tale in a Sydney newspaper. Some girl in the sister metropolis will be glad to buy them. WE read that the Sultan of Zanzibar recently conferred the Grand Cross of the Radiant Star on the German Consul. Probably the Grand Cross was cut out of the bottom of a sardine tin. His Highness . the Sultan lost his credit with the jeweller long ago. WE read that a syndicate has been formed in Adelaide to induce Charles Santley, the baritone singer, to visit the colonies and give concerts. Ghost of the land boom ! What next ? Hadn't they better float the man into a company and sell him in fifty-thousand shares at ten shillings a share, Santley to take three-fourths of the capital in liquidation of his claims? In the hands of a clever broker the affair would be sure to go off, and, perhaps, create a boom in that line. There is lots of room for limited liability companies to import Lily Langtry, or Jack the Ripper, or Mary Anderson, or to take Home Henderson Africanus or Duncan Gillies, or Ballarat Joe. Anyhow, it would sound better than a syndicate, and excite more confidence in a colony where that term gives rise to nervous spasms and tendencies to biliousness in every second man you meet. MR. JOHN GARDINER, M.L.A., said at one of his meetings in Carlton last week that he had been taunted with being a "silent member." We recollect being present at a meeting in Carlton when he was first elected. He made a speech illustrated by much but monotonous gesticulation and sawing of the air. Just beside us stood a couple of his mobt ardent supporters. "Well," said one, after the speech was over, " what do you think of it?" " • think," replied the ether, critically, " Jack would n ake a bloomin' fine speaker —if he'd got anything to say." Jack seems to have realised the fact himself and acted upon it. It would be well if a few more members followed his example. MB,. HAROLD STEPHEN, who turned up in Melbourne last week, is one of the lucky men of the New South Wales Parliament. Two years ago be represented a backblock constituency, but on the occasion of the Dibbs-Jennings party breaking up, the backblockers declined to renew their confidence in him. The other day, however, his blandishments prevailed, and thus he is at liberty to journey around with the powers and privileges of a legislator on his watch-chain. Mr. Stephen should be familiar with the ways of Melbourne. Bis father was membfr for Collingwood in the early days, and in Melbourne and its suburbs the sons first tasted colonial Bociety. The father is now faith-healing in England, and the sons are scattered all over Australia. Mr. Harold Stephen is a Protectionist in politic?. A BRISBANE paper points out that Bishop Webber, while in England, pub on style and raised cash to build gorgeous churches on the arid-plains of North Queensland. Having done the pointing out it essays a column of bitter criticism, basing its adverse judgment on the fact that the Apostles did not wear boots or tread on carpets. David Buchanan, of New South Wales, used to be an adept at building criticisms on this same base. Hardly a narrower or softer foundation-stone can be laid. Times must change, manners must change, men must change. The scribe who censures Bishop Webber because he wears different footgear to that worn by St. Peter, forgets that whereas the Bcribe of St. Peter's time drank weak wine he himself imbibes M'Cracken's beer or colonial rum. THE preparation of bills for submission to Parliament has always been a weak point in our Law Departments, and oversights and other defects in this respect have not unfrequently impaired the intent and efficiency of various legislative enactments. The first officially-recognised draughtsman in the colony was a Mr. Stanley Tomlins, and, though not a member of either branch of the legal profession, was pronounced by a once well-known Attorney-General to be quite an adept in that kind of penmanship. Mr. Adamson, a defunct barrister, was for years the principal Bill-maker, but in the course of time it was found necessary to have a regular draughtsman installed at the Law Offices, and in that capacity Mr. Edward Carlile acquitted himself as creditably as could reasonably be expected. His services, however, were transferred to another sphere by his appointment to the assistant-clerkship of 'he Legislative Assembly, when Mr. J. A. Gurner succeeded him in the fabrication of embryotic Acts of Parliament. It is now intended to reverse "the order of the day " by sending back Mr. Carlile to his former vocation at an increased salary, whilst Mr. Gurner is to have a "Consolation Stake" in the shape of a Ciown Prosecutorsbip. MARK TWAIN wrote an article! once about the essays of schoolchildren, giving samples from them which went far to prove that the Unprompted and Unpremediated Boy is a greater humourist than uny, professional one can ever hope GO be. We always thought so. The Boy—the real Boy as he should be—is magnificently reckless of the unities < and would just as soon say Cajsar was a comic ninstrel as not. We like the Boy for this. Whenever he touches a subject be throws a new light upon it, and, solo speak, bnngs a breeze with him into every department of science, or literature or ancient history he condescends to take in hand. A certain Mr. Baiker saw this, and has written an article in Longman's Magazine upon it. Here is a sentence from an " Essay on the Cat " CatB have nine lives which is seldom required in this country cauEe of Christianity." Who but a boy would Bee the connection between Christianity and cats ? And what an abnegation of boy-feeling it must have been to the author of that essay to pretend that Christianity made the nine lives of a -•at unnecessary in a world full of half-bricks and paving- stones. - - WAXWORKS as attractive as usual. 