THE TRAVELLER. A DAY IN TOKIO. A SAN FRANCISCO LADY'S RAMBLES IN THE OLD CAPITAL OF JAPAN. Click, click, click, go the wooden clogs on the gray pavement. I drift along with the hurrying mass of people, through the narrow gateway in the open air, and find myself standing on the stone step outside the Tokio station. I look eagerly for Saujiro, the prince of kuruma-runners, and presently I see his well-known top-knot breaking through the crowd of jinrikisha-men, who stand bare- legged on this cold winter's morning, enve- loped from the waist up in brilliant scarlet blankets. He runs up with an ohayo (good- morning) and bow, and, giving him rugs, I bundle myself in the' rikisha, with teeth, chat- tering and my little kuwari (fire box) grasped tightly in my hands. While the second runner is being hitched—it is to be a tandem, for an all-day's pull—I gaze hesitatingly on this city of magnificent distances, and try to decide my course. It is impossible to do more than a bit of Tokio a day, and, in order to save time, one must take certain districts, thus avoiding long stretches of 'rikisha riding. Saujiro waits not for the signal, but takes the matter into own hands. Knowing my weakness for old porcelain, he dashes off in the direction of the Naki- dori, more familiarly known as 'Petticoat Lane,' from the nume- rous old kimono-shops that line both sides of the narrow street. What is more interesting than a Japan street with its crooked bits of architecture and quaint figures? The people are so light- hearted and merry, their life so free and open that one is inclined to envy them, so little do they need in their simple existence. What better way is there to learn the life of a people than to live in the streets, to drift about and study its lights and shadows? Tokio is in its gala-dress to-day, for with the morrow comes the new year. In the days of old Japan, the year began at the new moon nearest to the fifth of February, which is the Chinese custom, it being the middle point between the ojo (winter solstice) and shumbun (spring equinox) but this ancient way of reckoning times has been abolished by the govern- ment. Nothing can be prettier than the new- year decoration; tall, feathery, bamboo stand before each door, waving its tall head high above the gray-roofed houses. A fringe of coarse straw-rope, with its many emblema- tical signs, is strung along from house to house, and huge red-and-white lanterns hang over each door. It is like walking through a grove of bamboo, and in the nar- row, winding street mere patches of blue sky are seen. There are myriads of gaily-dressed children playing hagoita (battledore), a new year's game; babies pickaback, with their little heads rolling about in an extraordinary manner; and dogs everywhere—as numerous as the children, and as active. The cake and candy-shops are filled to overflowing with mochi—the great festive cake, a mixture of rice-flour and sugar, and consumed in im- mense quantities. They revel in it as we do in mince-pie and turkey, and it is eaten various ways, both cooked and uncooked, sometimes decorated on the top with boiled lobster, emblematical of long life and happiness. I am picking my way through the Naki- dori, an olla-podrida of everything. The curio-shops—though the entire contents are moved to the front door—look less tempting to-day, for they have a 'picked over' appearance, notwithstanding the shopkeeper teels me that all his curios are exceedingly rare and two hundred years old. I make a few good bargains, however, then turn my face toward Shiba Park, which I reach after a half-hour's ride. We leave the noise and hum of the busy world, pass through the Dai Mon (Great Gate), and enter the grand old park, so quiet and peaceful, with its shadows of the past. In these magnificent tombs— with temples attached—are buried some of the Shoguns of the Tokugana dynasty, which had for its founder the great warrior, Tyeyasu, hero of the greatest battle in Ja- panese history. I slip off my shoes and fol- low the shaven bozu (priest). How imposing and grand it is, how bewildering is this gor- geous interior with its massive gilding and its arabesque designs, its exquisitely-carved ceilings and lacquered floors. Ghosts of past centuries seem to haunt the place, and the sunshine from without creeps in and lights up the dark corners, touching the richly-lacquered pillars, and making them blaze with golden light. The air is fragrant with the burning of incense, and the whole scene redolent of colour and harmony. Leaving this ancestral temple, we pass a colonnade, rich in wood carving, and enter the middle court by the O Kara Mon, which is in itself a study, so beautifully carved are its wooden pillars, en- circled with the traditional dragon. Here is the old belfry bell and innumerable lanterns of bronze, which have been given by the no- bility of all ranks. We have now reached the Ni-Jen Mon (Gate of the Two Heavenly Kings) opening into the avenue, and, as there is hardly time to visit the other temples, I wander through the park till I come to the gate at the other end of Shiba, where I find Saujiro in deep communion with his tobacco pouch. Taking the tiffin basket we walk on, and finally reach two long flights of stone steps. I mount the less precipitous, the 'woman's steps,' and, after a weary climb, I drop exhausted on the wooden seat of the tea shed. I soon forget my weariness in the glorious view before me. Tokio is a painfully level city and not particularly attractive, looking down from such an immense height. There is a lack of colour, nothing but gray tones, but when the eye travels beyond the limits of the capital to the forts at Shinagawa and the provinces beyond the bay, the scene becomes beautiful and amply grand. I can follow the coast- line of Dai Nippin (Great Japan) for miles, can count the specks of white junks far away on the blue sea, and Fujiyama—can one ever get out of sight of the grand old mountain? It rises now, with its crest of snow, high above the Hakone Range. How changed is Tokio, since it became the seat of government; how transformed from the Yeddo of the past! One can hardly realize that this immense expanse of city has grown from a rude fortress, for Yeddo was nothing more when it became the capital of Japan. Where I now look upon masses of gray houses were once areas of lagoons, stretching between Uyeno Paak and Asakusa. What changes have come with the last twelve years! Feudalism is now a thing of the past, but its growth and customs will always be an interesting feature in Japanese history. The yashiki are disappearing one by one, the last link of feudalism is broken, for with the fragments are swept away the historic homes of the daimios. One finds it hard to recal even the memory of those old feudal days in looking at the hideous red- brick buildings, which stand on their site. The yashiki was a building distinctively Japanese, where the daimios and their retainers lived under the Tokugawa regime. It was of immense proportions, covering many acres of ground with courts and gardens, all in- closed by massive barracks. One or two still remain, but before many days, they will be nothing more than a heap of dust. While I have been looking back on Yeddo's past, Saujiro with his feet dangling over the edge of the wall, has been conversing in an animated manner with one of the tea-shed girls. She is a pretty picture standing there in the warm sunlight; her glossy black hair with its strong lights, her face full of rich dark colouring, and the quiet gray tones of her dress make her a charming study. We become friends at once, and she gently offers me her tobacco-pouch and pipe. I shake my head and tell her in very poor Japanese that it is not the custom with foreign ladies. She looks at me with compassion in her pretty eyes, but the feeling is soon forgotten at the sight of numerous bangles I wear on my wrist. I slip them over her chubby little hands and away she dances to the jingling sound. She puts on my gloves, slides her hands into my muff, and with this incongruous array she sits down beside me, and I prepare myself for what I know is coming. With her head on one side and a most bewitching smile, she asks me my age. In my early Japanese days I often wondered why it was the first question asked. I know how it is the polite thing and considered good etiquette in Japanese social life. Ocha (tea) is brought me of a light 'green- ery yellow,' in tiny blue-and- white cups, and while I am munching away on my sandwichs, Saujiro is ventilating his theories and giving me the latest Tokio gossip. He is a study, this knight of the topknot, and I am often amused at his ideas of things and people. In a little sketch he gave me of his life one day, he said he greatly preferred being a run- ner, although, he considered it beneath him. He has roamed abroad as valet and has oc- cupied the responsible position of house- boy but neither suits him so well as the semi- Bohemian life he is now living. His own master, free and unrestrained, he finds in it a sort of fascination. We leave the vicinity of Shiba and speed along to Asakusa. I see many sights on the way, for the street-life on this last day of the old year is simply bewildering. In the old castle grounds yonder one could easily pass a day, and although the castle palace has long disappeared, the castle itself is little changed since the days of the Shigun Iyémitsu, nearly three centuries ago. What can be lovelier than the sea of lotus that fills its broad, deep moats in summer! The once sacred region is now devoted to the drilling of troops, and at all times of the day the bugle is heard. Most of the army of thirty-five thousand men kept by the government are quartered in the Tokio garrisons, the rest are scattered in different provinces of the empire. We turn the last corner, and before us is Askusa, as holy and dirty as any of the old cathedral towns in Europe. I feel like a menagerie as I walk down between the little booths and hear the clicking of the hundred clogs, for I know I am followed by the usual mob. Little children toddle along, struggling with the weight of others on their backs; what fun to see them flounder on the pave- ment for the copper sens (cents) I throw among them! I stop to scatter beans to the pigeons that fly in clouds about my head, then walk up the steps into the great Bud- dhist temple of Kwannon, named after the Chinese goddess of three thousand years ago. The legend is that somewhere in the middle ages an exiled ronin, while fishing in the Asakusa stream, hauled in his net a little figure of Kwannon, which was enshrined and worshipped, and from this sacred image grew the mighty Temple Kwannon. Immense lanterns—gifts from believers—hang from the ceiling and hide it from view. Within these peaceful cloisters are people kneeling in prayer or offering their small contributions of incense to the burning pile in the big bronze censer. The worshippers pass up to the main altar, throwing cash into the huge oblong box be- fore they pray, and occasionally a spit-ball prayer is fired at the wire screen surrounding the altar. I am amused at one extremely pious worshipper, who takes an endless time to chew his ball, and after all, he misses it— it does not stick, his prayer will not be answered. What amuses me most is an old and very dirty wooden idol, which fairly glistens with its greasy polish, the result of constant rub- bing. This battered and worn god, Bindzum, sits placid enough on its pedestal; the head is nothing more than a lump of wood, for the eyes, nose and mouth, even the ears have been rubbed away by this faith-loving people who believe that a little rubbing this 'healer of the sick' can cure them of their aches and pains. One would think from its antique appearance that all this virtue had departed. From the clouds of tradition I learn that this old god was a disciple of Buddha, who cast him off for admiring woman's beauty, thus violating his vow of chastity. Ir was then that the power of curing all ills was given to him. The pagoda over the way is like all others I have seen; the carvings which tip the sides are different in design, but the colouring and little wind-bells which swing from the cor- ners of the massive eaves are always to be found on this quaint tower of Chinese archi- tecture. We buy for a sen, slices of raw po- tato and toss them at a long row of monkeys that sit blinking in the sun, then go on through the park, passing shrines, lanterns, and other mediaeval relics of the past, each with its little history. The mound I now ap- proach—not far from the temple—is called Kin-rin-zan (Hill of the Golden Dragon), in memory of the mythical monster which is said to have climbed the hill to the very top with a lantern, thus keeping watch over the Kwannon Temple. ' The afternoon is closing, the golden light touches only the highest points, and deeper and deeper grow the shadows. The scene is so full of life with the frolicking children, so full of history with its lights and shadows, that I hate to say good-by. Once more I settle myself in the 'rikisha, and my men, who seem as fresh as when they started, whirl me away toward the station. I am going along at a lively rate, for the time is short. The hoots and yells of my runners clear the people aside, and faster and faster they run as the station comes in sight. The bell rings—seizing my rugs, I rush madly through the gate, followed by Saujiro with his arms full of bundles. The guard opens the carriage-door and I manage to struggle in, a moment later the locomotive puffs, and between the clouds of smoke I catch a last glimpse of Saujiro's top-knot as he stands bowing a sayonara. I seat myself comfort- ably on the cushions cold and tired, but well pleased with my day in Tokio. NELLIE HOPPS HOWARD, In the Argonaut. 