POLITICAL SITUATION. ! NEWCASTLE ELECTION. j THE MINISTER FOR MINES AT! NEWCASTLE. , Newcastle, This Day. The Hon Mr. Fletcher, Minister for Works and Railways, addressed tho elec tors of Newcastle at the School of Art a - Wickham, on Friday night. The hall wa3'- crowded to exccES. Alderman Frewin- occupied the chair, and on the platform. wbb a strong and influential committee. > The Ciiairhan stated that thoy were ini the throes of a general eloction, and it. was their privilege and duty to sand represeu < tativcs to form a new Parliament. There; was a definite issue before tho country) and; that was Free-trade or Protection. The question 'was being better understood now! than it had been. For himself, he could say that sinco the last : general election he bad seriously studied the subjects and had arrived at the conclusion that a Protectivq policy beyond all others was tho bast for New South Wales. (Applause.) The principle had been put into practice over the greater portion of tho civilised world; and New South Wales was.in a minority bii the question in Australia. Such a condi; tion of things could not last, and it was therefore their duty to adopt another policy to see if they could improve on the past. Two candidates were to address them that evening in tho Protectionist interest. One was their trusty and true friend, Mr. .Fletcher, .who now occupied the important position of ; Minister for Works and Railways, .and who, during the ' lost eight or nine years, had served New castle faithfully and well— (cheers) — and who, during his political career, had redeemed the pledges he made when lie was first elected. The other was Mr. Alex. .Brown, a gentleman whose position and character - entitled him to the fullest confidence of the elcotors. (Ap. plause.) He had groat pleasure iu calling on the Hon J. Fletcher to address the meet ing. (Londapplause.) The Hon Mr. Flotcher, on coming forward, had an enthusiastic reception. Having addressed the chair man, he ironically saluted the meeting qs one of "larrikin Protectionists," evidently referring to a remark of Mr. J. 0. Ellis, one of the Free-trade candidates for New castle, who, the evening before, had said, while addressing the electors, that he had never known a respectable Protectionist. The hit was received with laughter aud applause. Mr. Fletcher said that he was present before them to give an account of his stewardship, and to ask a renewal of that, confidence repoBed in him by the electors of Newcastle on many previous occasions. He appeared before them holding one of che most important positions in the Go vernment, that of Minister for Works and Railways. (Applause.) That position fie hoped he had attained to by honesty, per severance, and justice to all — (choers)— and it would bs for them to say whether he Bhould successfully continue to hold that position or' whether he should not. There was no necessity for prefaoing his address by many remarks. He was j a Protectionist. -(Applause.) He believed that every article that could be manufac tured and grown in the : colony they ought to manufacture and grow. What they could "hot- manufacture or grow they ought- to get aB oheaply as they could. Of course, on this question there were, differences of opinion, and a man who honestly' believed in Free- trade had as much right to his opinion as the man who believed in Protection. He was in favor of the latter because ho believed in employing our own people first and sending away to other peoplo the surplus products whiah we did not require, aud which other people wanted. He was m favor of it because he .believed that it would . be the best, not only for his own family, but for every man, woman and child in New South Wales. He had no " down," if he might u.o that expression, on the people of England or any other nation, but con- Eidered'that the psople of any country had an undoubted right to say to ether nations, "Yon shall not send in to us your goods duty free if by doing so oar Own peoplo are kept idle." (Applause.) Protection says " You shall not make this country the dust bin of the world, and by doing so iender it impossible for our people to make a! livelihood." Free-trade, though beautiful enough in theory, was not to be found in tne whole world. England, with her boasted Free-trade,' has her Custom House and tariffs on many articles. The influence of commerce was so great in England, and so unrestricted, that iron manufactures in large quantities wero made m Belgium and sold in England, whilst English ironworkers were starving in Staffordshire. The chainmakers worked 14 and 1G hours a day for 20s a week, and their wives and children even ;had to assist their husbands and fathers in that laborious work in order that they might be able to turn out the task work which he had to finish, in order to keep a roof over their head, and J find bread for the. family. What a shame it was that women near their confine ment had to perform this hard yrork. That was Free- trade with a vengeance, and he would venture tfa say that, Bhow him an ont and out and extreme Free trader and that man wonld be fonnd to be one in favor of extremely long houra of labor and low wages. (Hear, hear.) A local woollen factory, whion they . all knew was at pre sent standing _ idle,; was owned by a Free-trader, who Believed in his property going to wreck until the looal wages came down to the English level. It was fqr the electors to say whether they wonld allow English- made goods to come in duty free, and vainly look for employment, or 1 start native industries with wageB at the old level. There appeared to be only one practical solution of the difficulty, and that was the iSBne now before the country. Whatever this country had attained to had - - . been . achieved not by ! one class alone, but by the whole body of the people, and if there was to be a prosperous future before the colony it was to be attained by legislation which would bonefit not one class, that of the Sydney calico men, but' the solid majority. of the people. The peoplo of New South Wales should say to the great population of the world, " We object to you sending in your cheap- made goods to the detriment of our industries, but we are prepared if you come beio and cast in your lot with us to bear a part of our responsibilities, and perform your share of our public duties to give you the right hand of citizenship and fellowship (Applause.) He hod no objection to Free-trade if it were Free-trade all round, but that was not the case in New South Wules. Those of them who wero, say, members of a Miners' Association, wero in tho very cssenco of things Protectionists, and if a Free- trade proprietor had the hardihood to carry out his principles to their legitimate con clusion lie wou'd very soon find that a solid point of trade Protectionists disputed the practise of Free-trade, however much they might accept tho theory — (laughter) —and that even leaders of Protectionist associations in trade affairs .would be found so incompetent with their theories ns to be found on public platforms! during election times, promoting tbo interests of Free-trade candidates. (Hoai) hear.) At Hudson Brothers' works in Wickham < rade had been at a standstill, and the men vere out of employment for weeks. The natter was laid before him as a private member, and he had waited npon the late Commissioner for Railways, Mr. Goodchap, and the Minister for Works, Mr, Suther- land/representing, tbo matter in its true light. Necessary work had to be givon out which kept tho wheels of industry moving. There was no guarantee now, however, that tho Government rail way works or situations would bo the permanencies they had boon, and he warned them that under Free-trade regime the principle would be rigorously carried into practice, and that Govern ment employees would for tho future feel the full effects of Free-trade, as their un fortunate brethren outside of the service of the Government had felt. It was a fallacy that" New South Wales had pros pered under Free trade. The colony had prospered owing to the expenditure of mil lions of borrowed money for the construction of railways and other publio works, and when this ceased, tho full effects of Free- trade were apparent in the closing of great establishments in Sydney, Newcastle, and other parts of the colony. The same Free trado whip would bo applied in the future to other people who had hitherto been un affected by it. If they returned to Par liament a Free-trado majority, the destinies of the country would bo handed over to men in whom, according to their own showing, was centred all intelligence, forethought, care and anxiety r'.ir ulio wel-. faro of the people— to men surh as Sir H. Parkcs and Billy M'Millan. (Laughter.) Mr, Fletcher finished a long and compre hensive speech,' by urging tho claim-s of Mr. Alexander Brown, his fellow candi date, and ivarmly referred to the candi dature of Mr. William Grahame, another Protectionist candidate in tho field. Some questions having been asked and' answered satisfactorily, the question was put if Mr. Fletcher had not sent orders to England for cylinders for Hetton Colliery, Mr. Fletcher appealed to a brother director present if it were not the case that ho was in a minority of one among his brother directors on tho subject, and if his protest did not stand recorded in the minute book of the company. Mr. Steel stated sueh wa3 the caso. Alderman Lindus moved, and Mr. Meekle seconded a vote of confidence in Mr. Fletcher, which was carried without a dissentient voice, and amid great enthu siasm. Mr. Alexander Brown then addressed the meeting and also- received a vote of confidence. Meetings at Carrington were thereafter held by the two candidates. There was a most enthusiastic meeting at the Gaiety Theatre last night, when, the Attorney-General (Mr. Barton), Mr. T. C. O'Mara, Mr. J, P. Abbott, and Dr. Cox addressed about the largest audience tho walls of that theatre have ever held. _ Tho extreme seriousness of tho nudienoe showed how deep their interest in the question of employment or want of em ployment was, and they listened through out as intelligent men can listen when they deBire to see into a subjoct ably ex pounded. ' The Attorney-General and Mr. George Houston Reid don't play in tho same back yard any more. Mr. Reid, for two or three evenings past, has had the best of the opportunities; but the patience of Mr, Barton was good, and he bided his time. Last night he lay for Mr. Reid, and quietly but severely "lambed him down." Mr. Barton evi dently felt that Mr. Reid, in tho heat of his political .excitement, had let his tongue get the better of his discretion, and thus gave an opening of which the Attorney- General was not slow to avail himself. Barton and Reid used to be called ' the twins of East Sydney." There-is not much twin about them now. The Hon. William Macleay took tho chair at the Protectionist meeting at the Gaiety Theatre laBt night, and his appear- aiice on tho platform carried a great deal ;>f weight; People do not. forget that Mr. Jfncleay once put Sir Henry Parkes down very severely over the "Kiama Ghost." D'ye mind it now, 1 Sir Henry P Besides Mr. ' Macleay, 'there was Mr. John Young,' Mr. J. P. Mills, Mr.' Martin, and the Minister for Justice, Mr. T. M. Slattery, and a number of others who are prominent in pushing forward tbo Protectionist cause. The "Dirty Coat" Ministry. This is Mr. Barton's retaliation to Mr. G. H. Rcid's charge that tho Dibbs Ministry is a " Turncoat " Ministry. The change doesn't lio with Mr. Reid this time. Hoinsby Burns, it appears, has been sitting on a torpedo for some time, and possibly knew it. If bo, how comfortable lie must, havo felt. At anyrate, Mr. Jl P. Abbott took the opinion of Mr. C. S. Pilcher, Q.C., as to whether Mr. Burns was not liable to a criminal prosecution for paying £200,000 in connection with the Circular Quay pur chase without authority under the Audit Act. Mr. Pilcher was decided in his opinion that Mr. Burns could bo prose cuted, and it was onlydno to Mr. Abbott's not liking to take tbe initiative for feajr ho should be charged with "spito ;and malice " that he did not take action. Lucky for HornBby Dr, Cox mode his appearance at tbo Gaiety Theatre last night, and made up his mind to go iu for East Sydney. The doctor's thoughts naturally ran back _ to tbo question of sanitation, and anyone with his experience would be invaluable to the Legislative Assembly in dealing with the important question of the publio health. Dr. Cox is an out-and out Protectionist. He humorously told his hearers he' had ' assisted to faring a good many of them into the world, and felt the greater interest in them and their future well-being under Protection, From Ballina we hear very favorable accounts 'of the doings of the local Protec tion League. At Lismore, Mr. 'Bain thinks of standing in the Free- trade interest, but there is a poor ohanco of his return. , Mr. Ewing, who represented the district in' tliVlato Parliament, is con sidered certain pi: ' re-election. Mr. J. Perry, of Astonville, is another, candidate considered to be' certain to bo returned. In Nortbcote, also, a Protectionist very 'avorably known is looking for a consti tuency. Mr. H. Dawson lias hud a vory success ful meeting at Adaminaby. He is a very strong Protectionist, and has cxoellent chances.' -- . Ting it a, This Day. A large meeting was hold hero on Thurs day night. Mr. Kennedy, J.P., was in the hiiir, It was stated that a requisition was presented to Mr- Litchfield, J.P., and over 80 signatures obtained on Tingha field in one day, asking him to allow hitn> self to be nominated. Mr. Litohfiold thanked tho requisitionists for the honor, hut declined, owing to private business reasons. Several speakers eulogised Alt'. Moore for liis services. A telegram waa read from the Free-trade Association, stating that Mr, Riddell would be sout to contest the scat. Mr. Cruickahank, Pro tectionist, stands a big show, as lio is a veiy able man, and tho farmers arc dead on Protection. On the railway route, pinion is divided, and some don't care so long as they get the railway. " Tho Local Government Bill is a great and crying necessity. Yerong Creek, This Day. Tho Premier addressed a largo and i epresentative meeting here to-day at noon. Ho confined himself mainly to tho question of the fiscal policy, and was well i eceivcd. A unanimous vote of confidence was carried. Mr. Oliver Cox was in tho ebair. Mr. Dibbs speaks at the Rook at :i o'clock, and Junenat8p.m. Thecontest s now reduced to three Protectionists 'gainst two Free-traders, Mr. Wilson aaving retired. A solid Protection vote will be given here. 