FEET OF CLAY. A DOMESTIC ROMANCE. [By Amelia E. Babe.) CHAPTER XVI. A SACRIFICE ACCEPTED. He will swallow up death in victory, and the Lord God will wipe away tears.—Is. zxv. 8. Haply the river of Time Ab It draws to the ocean may strike Peace to the soul of the man on its breast— As the pale waste widens around him, As the banks fide dimmer away, As the stars come out, and the night-wind Brings up the stream Murmurs and scents of the Infinite sea. Arnold. From tbe lowest depth there is a path to the loftiest height. In that still boraer-land lying within the shadow of death George Pennington, seeing nothing else, saw this After being many weeks in the helpleiB semi conscious condition of typhoid fever, he began slowly to oome back to healthy lifn. with relapses snd pauses, however, which bsffled medicine, and were only to be accounted for by a oontlnnance of the mental conditions which had in the first place induced his illness. His first intelligent enquiry regarded Kel lish. "Has be been tried? he asked in a • despairing whisper. " Yes," answered Robert Pennington, " he got off better than he deserved. There was no trial to speak of. The man acknowledged himself to be a returned oonviot. It seems his record was a very good one—an excep tionally good one—ana he expressed such regret about the crime that he only received seven years. Sntcliffe also spoke in his favour; he says Kellieh looked very ill." " Has he sailed?" " He was sent to Dartmoor, He will not leave England at all. Why do you worry about him ?" "I love him 1" He sighed wearily and closed his eyes, and Robert Pennington had a bcdbc of injury in his heart as he w&tohed; the hopeless, wretched look on his nephew's face. For three months he had been at his side night and day. He had spent money freely in the settlement of the debts and liabilities oi his reckless London life, and yet George had not said to him " I love you." But love's strength is sacrifice. In siok ness and sorrow it suffers a sublime change it demands Ibsb and gives more. When the calm September days brought with them bo much of health to the invalid as enabled him to take short walks in the garden, Robert Pennington was troubled to find that the constant melancholy—at some hours the restlees despair—of his nephew did not vanish with bis physical weakness. He spoke to him cheerfully of hie affairs, hopefully of the future, be showed him in every possible way that all the past was forgiven, and it did seem a little hard that such magnanimity of long- suffering love could not banish the regrets for a life which had been altogether such a wofnl failure. One evening the two men sat silently in the dining-room. The wax candles made but a email circle of light, bat the blazing logs threw fitful flashes over their thoughtful faces and made all kinds of shadowy pictures on the walls, George, I cannot bear this silent sorrow of yours any longer. To day I saw you in the summer house—your arms were on the table, jour face buried in them. You were sobbing as men never sob unless there is some awful reason for it. For false love, or even dead love, we make no suoh hopeless crying. You have no business troubles, your health is returning rapidly ; and if you want an oppor tunity to wipe out every past folly, there is a grand one open to you, England is calling for soldiers, and gallant men are doing and suffering in a cause so just that even our hereditary enemy, France, is on our side. ' George, you promised me onoe that if you sinned you would be your o -vn accuser Have yon anything to tell me? Is there anything for me to forgive ? George, apeak to me". Then the yonng man lifted hh bent faoe, and in a loir intense voioe told the whole story of hie acquaintance With Matt Hellish. He told it simply jut ae it happened—all his faults and how Matt had home with them—' all hie sine, and how he had reproved him and reasoned with him, and finally paid their terrible price. "I have heard of guardian "y™ « ™ » buuiuu not I night the most wofol soul oat of hell." Daring the recital Robert Pennington's faoe changed continually. He seemed to be loll of some new-born thought, and to be examining it with an earnestness that was ■ almost impatient. He seked many ques tions—not about George's ezperienoea. bat about AeJiu-eiwet hie personal appear ance, hie age. hie voice—In fact, the whole interest of the confession for Robert Pen nington settled upon Matt Hellish. Yon have not said one word of reproaoh to me, nude, and yet I have deserved that yon ehoold oast me off for ever. I have done everything that yoa told me not to j do 1 1 . "Shall I be harder to yoa than this stranger? Yon are the son of my only brother—of my eider brother, who was always kind to me, whom I loved and ad mired above all other men. The question of forgiveness is eettled, George. Yoa know that I have forgiven yon. I am thinking now of this noble fellow who is suffering for yon. We muBt go and see him. My political influence is great. I have hitherto asked no favours. 1 oan command what I ask, and we mnst not rest until he is released." "I ought to. take his plaoe. I never in tended to let him carry out such a saorifioe. When I oame to Pennington I oame intend ing to tell yon alL I hoped yoa wonld have influence with Sctoliffe. If not, I think I ehoold have been man enough to face my deserts. This shameful cowardioe, forced upon me by siokneee whioh left me nnoon scions and helpless, is not my faalt; so far I may make exonse. To-day, I walked nearly three miles without maoh fatigue, and as I sat in the snmmer-hoase resting, I oame to the conclusion that the time had come to toil vou alL I was weeping for this necessity. You have been so patient, so gentle, eo good, and I love yon truly." . " But we must do nothing without consult ing Mr. Hellish. He gave you first his love, then he emptied hie purse for you. His honour, his liberty, his life—nothing has beau withheld! Mv dear George, he has the right to eay whether you are to make void ail this transcendent travail cf soul. Iam died yon told me. I feel myself nobler for the knowledge of Buoh humanity. I fear there will be some neoessary delay in getting permission to visit him from the Home Score-; tary, but I will take the first steps to-night, ana 1 will write to the chaplain at Dartmoor and ask him to tell yonr friend how ill yon have been, and give him hope of a speedy visit from you." George nad no words to express his grati tude, bnt his dark sunken eyes brimmed fall, and the colour flashed into his white face; and these signs said more to Robert Penning ton than harrying syllables, however eloquent. When tbey parted that night, they had come close to each other. The hand-clasp, the steady look, the few simple words at parting, had a significance that satisfied both. Left to himself Robert Pennington gave way to nnoontrollable anguish of heart. " It is Arthur! It is Arthur himself 1" he eried. "Who else oould have done this great thing? Oh, my brother, my brother 1 your love shames me. Such a sublime silenoe! Such grandeur of self-saorifice 1 Divine Redeemer of men, Thon, and Thou only, hast been his teaoher." He rose with a hurry of affection. Every moment's delay was a separate pain. He oooupied the night in writing letters, in ar ranging his affairs for an unoertain absenoe, in TlPflDapino himnalf tsai>DAHn11n .. hile it was yet dark be called hiB servants and his nephew; they had breakfasted, and were ready to Btart when the day broke. In forty-eight hours they were in London. Here they, were delayed some time. Certain official forme had to be observed, and official roctine was not to be regulated by the im patience of any suitor. Then George had a serionB relapse; it was the middle of Novem ber when tbey were able to travel westward. The weather was wet and mournful. George thought everything around was the oolour of ashes. The great flookB of orows flying heavily and Bilently through the dense , air gave to the landscape a gloomier shade, and to themselves a sense of unosnny ana unfortunate oompanionahip. They mounted higher and higher till the rolling fog became cutting sleet, and the hones panted and stood Btill in their distress. They were in a wild and howling wilderness, with nothing bnt granite and withered gone and heather aronnd them. Everything was soaked and frozen, The niter forloraness of this stony, misty desert entered into the hearts of both men. They felt a oold despair, a silent horror, which oould not rise even to an inter change of their wretohedness. As they neared the prison barraoka a oold freezing wind blew, the mist hither and (bitbfir, ana in so doing revealed as through a veil the dreary granite building, ItB high walls, its awful portal of almost fantastio dread and gloom, had a fearsome unreality. Backwards and forwards rolled the heavy masses of vapour, hiding and discovering the different gangs of oonvicts at their labour, the cordons of armed guards, the piquets with their ready rifles. The men worked mechanically, unceasingly, with bent heads. An air of Bilenoe and mystery and despair pervaded them. Toiling convicts, watonful guards, imperturbable, resolute piquets, all alike had the atmosphere of personages in some awful drsatn. Robert Pennington drove to the Governor's bonse. He had letters with him which would secure every privilege he deBlred, and a private interview with "criminal 3 300" was the first request made. An order to this effect was sent to the prison house, and pending its exeoution the Governor pressed upon the travellers some refreshment, Robert Pennington forced himBelf to acoept the kindness. He was aware that the body might fail where the soul would faoe its ex tremity, He drank a glass of wine and ate some food, and by a look of commanding entreaty compelled George to do the same. In half an hour they were escorted through those tremendous portals of shame. The chaplain met them with a concerned face. He had a card in his hand inscribed with the number cf the man who had onoe possessed a name. He looked at it and then at his visitors— " Gentlemen, ' 3,300' is very ill. He has been in the hospital for six weeks. By order he haB jnBt been removed into a private room. He will have solitude to die in. That is a great deal here, I assure you." He opened the door with the words and softly ebut it when they had entered. Hellish lay upon a narrow bed. His eyes were closed, he was wasted away, he was breathing slowly and with difficulty. But one glanoe was sufficient for Robert Pennington. With an incredible swiftness and eolemnity he | reaohed the dying man, he knelt at hie side.. he called ont with intensity of wofnl love and. anguish:— "Arthur I Arthur! My brother I My' brother Arthur 1" j A shrill weaa cry—the ory of a man from the very Shoal of Time, answered him.. Then George knew the whole mystery of: love. No one needed to teach him the I word he kissed upon lips already kissed by death. "Father / Father i FatherF At that cry a glory of love Ulnmined the olay-like mask, The soul leaped once more into the eyes. The last tears—tears of joy softened their pierolng gaze. At that moment the heart of the son was drawn deep: and olose to the father's heart; just as the heart of the mother-bird is drawn down into the neat fall of new life. I ",I have attained to thebeginning of eternal peace," he whispered. Earth had passed quite away, he had forgotten its shame and sufferings, everything bnt its love. After a few moments Robert Pennington left father and son alone for their last communion. Angels heard its words of contrition and forgiveness and affection with bowed heads. Death—not nnpitving as mortals think— waited until the solemn tender " adieu" had been said. The room was fall of a great peace—a peace that oould be felt. At the last moment he regained a flash of strength. Be smiled bravely as he looked farewell into the loving eyes watohing him. "X fear no longer," he Baid cheerfully, " One has taken my hand, I am safe." And so the red-leaved book of this sinning, sorrowing, loving human heart was closed and sealed forever. They took out of his olasped hand a bit ofpaper on whioh some thing was written. Unole and nephew read it together with holy reverenoe, and then George put it next his heart, it was eight linesfrom that glorious hymn of Stephen the Sabaite, written more than seventeen hun dred years ago— If 1 ask Him to receive me. Will He say me Day ? Hot till earth, and not till heaven, Pass away I Finding, following, praying, straggling, Is he sore to bless ? Angela, martyrs, Prophets, Virgins, Answer—' Yes.' One promise had been made to the dead man—that he ehould not be hnried In the desolate graveyard attached to the prison. They took him back to Pennington, to the home of his youth. In that lonely Cumber land village men and women had old-world attachments, and with them affectionate reticences. When the Squire came home with the coffin and the grave was opened in the Pennington bnrial- ground there were many living who knew whoBe mournful life was ended. They glaneed at each ether with intelligent pity, but no one told the new generation the tragedy of the Squire's brother. The clergyman who had baptised buried him, and many an old man and woman with silent kindneas dropped a sprig of box or rosemary into hie grave. It was snowing heavily when they laid him there, and within an hour the new-made bed was covered with a white mantle of stainless purity. A month after thiB George Pennington was on his way to the Crimea. He hoped in that campaign'of suffering and danger to find op portunities for doing something great atonement for his past life. For to be its own salvation, that is ever the first dream of a soul repentant and aspiriDg, He went a little from the direot road in order to bid his sister " good-bye." For though he generally disagreed with her npon all points, the family tie drew them olose together in eventful honrs. He found Harriet In hernunerv. She had just returned from a morning drive. The feeling of the fresh air was around her, and she had in a marked degree the appearance of a woman aocoetomed to the field* and woode, Her bonnet was on her head, her cloak over taer arm, her two eldest boys clinging to ber dress, ber baby stretching out its armB for ber embraoe. She made a charming picture, and George was sensitive to it. He kissed her with an affeotion which made her faoe bright with emiles, and when ehe saw the traoee of hie suffering, she olasped his hand in her own, and led him with loving words into her sitting- room. She had wonderful things to tell him abont the ohildren, and ehe did not notice for eome time that George was distrait and restless under this inflietion. Then it struck her that he might be hun gry, and she rung tbe bell and ordered an earlier lnnch, " Yon know I will not eat in Colonel Sat oliffe'e house, Harriet. I oame only to bid yon farewell; I am going to the Crimea." George, how can yon be bo dreadful— keeping up ill-will about a creature like that Hellish?" " That 'creature,' as you call him, is dead. Tell your husband so. Colonel Sutoliffe haa bad hie pound of flesh—has had justice. When he goeB to ehuroh let him remember it—let bim pray ' Forgive me my trespasses, as I forgive them who trespass against me. I If God is as iuBt with bim as Sntoliffe was j with the dead he will get what he gave—the onter darkness for the hell of Dartmoor." "Dear me! what does it all mean? Yon fret yourself into a fever about this man, and while Harry was worrying over an unplea sant dream he had of mother and the same dreadful person down from London comes Lord Penrith." "What?" " Lord Penrith, I assure yon, and what he thought, or what object he could have, good ness only knows ! But be begged Harry not to prosecute. He said he did not believe Hellish was guilty, and when Harry replied, " The man haB confessed," he reiterated, " I I don't believe he ie guilty." Finally he told Harry a very Btrange tbiog about the late Lord. I suppose I ought not to mention it." "Yon can safely tell me." " He said his father's life had been darkened and shortened by proseonting a man for a similar act. On his deathbed he made this oonfession, and he begged his son for Mb sake to be very merciful to men oonquered by a sadden temptation. It seems the] old Lord sent bis dearest friend to prison, and never could undo the step he took in the first hoars of his anger. Of coarse Harry was not to be diotated to in a matter of right and wrong, but he pleaded for a light punishment, and tbe man was very mercifully treated. "Very! he is dead—dead from toil and exposure that he was unable to bear. I hope Sntcliffe will remember the victim of his justice when he lies down upon his own deathbed." " You are very cruel to say each a dread ful thing. And what better are you than Harry ? If you think Harry ought to have passed by the fault of this strange man, why should yon not pass by tbe fanlt of yonr sister's husband ?" "You are right, Harriet. I am notSut cl file's jndge. Well, then, ring for lnnch, and I will eat it with yon. Many a month may pass before we meet again." " Now you are like yourself, George, and I have smething to tell you—something you will be delighted with. We are going to call baby after you." ; " My dear Harriet, I would not^ad viae you. to risk baby'a future upon my name. Call, him Hobert Pennington—then you oallhlm: after a noble num.' fieddee, you must think for baby'a interests, and Hobert Pennington! baa a large estate to leave as it pleases htm."' " Sou are his aoknowledged heir." " I am going to the war. I may never come; bftok Amto*0 I "I will not listen to such a auppoaltloB. Of: course Hobert ia a beautiful name, and, in-} deed, a family name of the Sntoliffea, but— oh I did I tell yon that I bad a letter from the. Island! Gnesa from whomT—and Innoh ia! ready I ace. Come, I will eend the servant away, and we will have the hour quite to) ourselves." > Harriet waa a notable mistress, Her table: was perfection, her servants trained to the utmost efficiency and propriety. And George' watohed her giving orders and directions with admiration. For she waa a woman well moulded to the ordinary condition of things, fitly fleshed, mentally inolined to take kindly to the law of gravitation, The everyday hum cf humanity filled her ear with oontent; she beard not—she never tried to hear— | in all life's varying noises, joyful and sor rowful, the meaning that runs through thorn; the measured musio, the central tune. She chatted with apleasant oonfidentlalair, affectionately ourlous about her brother a plana, affectionately indifferent about a past whioh she instantly perceived he was not disposed to diBousa, When they were half through lunoh ahe again remembered the letter from the Island, and exolaimed a little at 0 eorge'a apathy concerning it. " Only fanoy! A letter from Bella Cluoaa, and yon have not a question to ask 1" "la it from Bella? I hope it pleased you. " Indeed it did not. I considered It a very nngratefnl and nngraoions answer to the one I sent her. " Then you wrote'firat ? I waa wondering if Bella did." " I wrote heoanae I really thought I oould do Bella—and of oonrse myself also—a great kindness. Mrs. Layland, who had bean housekeeper here for forty years, died last spring, and I had a frightful experienoe with half a dozen women who tried to take her place. At last I thought of Bella. I offered ner the entire charge of the honse and ser vants, with a very handsome salary and her own sitting-room and bedroom—and she re fused!" " I should have been muoh astonished if she had aooepted." "She iB unmarried yet, evidently still thinking of yon. In suah case I naturally imagined that she would be thankfai to be where there was at least a prospeot of seeing yon occasionally." " I declare, Harriet, your conscience has as many jerks and turnings as a swallow on the wing. Now, I suppose it did not strike you that you might be purchasing your own comfort at the price of snffering or tempta tion to Bella—perhapa to me also." " I knew that you had reoovered your senses on that subject. Bella is quite able to take oare of herself, but I will get her letter and read it to yon." " * Mrs. SutcHffe'—that ia how it begins. She might have said 'My Lady,' or my 'Honoured Friend,' or something of that kind. She knew very well I was Lady _ of Sntcliffe Manor. I explained the dignity folly to her when I was engaged to Harry. 'Mrs. Snteliffe, your letter was very bewil dering to me, and it Ib muoh if I ean say the right words in answer to it. Service?—surely every one must do aervioe, and with heart and hands I'm doing it; love, though—love and not gold—the for. At first I was asking what did yon mean, and hardly knowing for all; bnt Gale was reading yonr letter, ana he ont with it plain enongn, "It's her servant she's wanting you to oe," and me saying " ridioulous, but him getting angry for all Fishere, of oonrse, and not oonnting ourselves quality, hut very comfortable and able to pay the laBt farthing due, and quite oontent with God's measure for all. Of oourse there's a power to do in a honse like yonder at Sat ollffe; hut there's gold in yonr hand, plenty of service to buy, and so there yon are—ana no offence meant, and thanking you kindly i for the good intent, and all to that; and no hindrance from any only Gale, but father j and mother giving me a list to do my will, and my will alwayB to the good home I have. God bless it!' What do you think of that I for Bella Clnoas ?" " I think very highly of it; you have only I yonrself to blame if you feel hurt. After making her your friend, you had no right to [ offer her wages. Is that all she says ?" " It is all that concerns me specially, the rest refers to the Dinwoodies mainly. Do j you care to bear it ?" A slight movement of the head answered the question and she I proceeded. " 'Tis a quiet life in the Island, bnt some changes and you perhaps not hearing of them. Miss Frances Caina married to an English lord, and Miss Jeffoott to a lawyer from Kamsey, and the Miss Hamilton! to offioers, and the officers going to the war and trouble enough that way. And Miss Din woodie has had a heart fall of sorrow. Ob, dear ! Heart full and hands fall—but natur ally sweet and kind, and God good to such. Two yean her mother waa in the bed dying —mortals hardly knowing the suffering she had—and Miss Kitty by her side, whether or not, night and day, and after all the last word and kiss, and hard to bear is them! But still harder at hand, for the Major was broken- hearted, though shedding no tear and Bpeaking to no one till the even ing of the second day—and me with her and doing the beet I eonld, but for all that, her going sobbing and shivering through the house, for her mother was wrapped in her very heart; and as for the Major, as I was saying, wasn't the dead woman the joy of every breath he took? And so on the second evening—she called him! He was sitting in his big chair with his head in his hands, and the sweet Snnday sunset sifting through the dropped blinds, and all of a sudden he rises straight up like one listening, and bob were ont clear—'I am coming, Nora,' Just one smile at Miss Kittv as she caught bira in her arms, and gone he wbb, for all that love and dootora could do. So then the grave was made wider, and they buried them side by aide, and all Castletown, rioh and poor, at the fnneral; and the parson wanting Miss Kitty to stay with him, and talking and reasoning a deal about it, but Miss Kitty not regarding, and going hack to her own houee. Well, then, the servants are old and very kind to her and aU to that, bnt lonely no donbt, and every one sorry enough for her." " Dear little Kitty! I remember well how the Major idolized hiB wife—a fisher- girl yon know, Harriet, out of the cottages of Craig y-neesh—a most lovely woman, and good as lovely, Kitty was never ashamed of her origin." "Kitty expressed herself in the most unladylike and unoalled-for manner on the snbjeot. It was false pride in her, and I and others were made very nncomfortahle more than once ahont it. Kitty is sentimental; that ia inch a weak point in the woman's character." " Have you finished the letter?" ''Nearly. Bella is kind enongh to'often look at the honse where we nsed to liveahe writes—' it is itill nnlet. And, oh, then, people are saying it la haunted by a dark man with eyes that bnrn like fire. Snoh foolishness 1 I waa twice seeing Mr. Kellish In the garden, walking aboat and thinking to himself like, and the ghost would be htm, never fear, and nothing worse, and nothing bnt good If so.' That is all, and I am glaa she did not tsks my offer. Snoh a woman would have made the honse very uncom fortable." "Harriet, I wish yon would write to Kitty." " I oonldn't really, Gecrge. Three years ago when we had that large winter party and yon spent a week with us, I invited Miss Dinwoodie. She had a list of the expeoted guests, and knew yon were to be present. I teoelvedinanBweraoool olvil * regret' with out a single exonBe for It." " Perhaps she had no exonse." "Thensne ought to have made one aa a matter of politeness. People always do." " Well, my dear sister, I must leave yon now. Bring the boys and let me kiss them." He laughed at Harriet's anxiety for him, and amid the children's chatter, and the mother's smileB end tears went away with apparent oheerfnlneas. He had no inclina tion to darken his sister's life with either his knowledge or his experienoos. She did not peroeivehls mental an*uish—she oould have given him no help If she had. Suffering snoh as he was enduing does not rise to the sur face : it makes itself a ohannel to the very depths of being. 