A W~RONG TURNING. BY ' Tim DucESs.' ' Dear fellow! So glad to see you I But what a godless hour to arrive at ! After twelve ! You must be frozen,' cried Oswald Travers all in one breath, as he rushes down the stone steps to welcome his cousin. ' Here, Biggins,' to the butler, ' see to Captain Doudale's luggage. By Jove !-what a night !' ' Couldn't come a second sooner,' says D*n gdale, springing from the dogcart and 'shaking the snow from his shoulders. ' Thought up to the last I shouldn't be able to come at all. As it is I've run it rather fine, eh? This is the 23rd, and-' ' Thlle 24th, my good friend- Christmas eve already. Here, come along, you must be positively famished.' \- 'Well, I rould eat something,' says Dug dale, laughinr and following him into the grand old hall, still ablaze with lights, and with two roaring fires in it that seemed determine 1 to defy the wintry cold without. 'Sir Goerge and the mater and all the re spectable members of the household are in bed,' says OJwald, the eldest of the name. 'The more frivolous ones are still in the billiard room. But we can give them a wide berth for this night, at all events, as Iexpect you are tired; and, besides, I want a word or two with you alone. My father had quite given you up-you are so late. Come along, and let me show you your room whilst they are preparing some supper for you. Higgins, which is Captain Dugdale's room i 'Blue chamber, sir; east wing.' ' All right. I say, old man,' says Oswald, apologetically, stopping midway upstairs to look back at his cousin. ' I hope you won't mind, but you know what Sir George is at Christmas time. He will ask erie,'!boy all at once, and this time he has so outdone himself that we have been obliged to double bed some of the larger rooms. They've put one of the young Ormsbys into yours ; a quiet lad, nineteen or so; steady, respectable, warranted not to bite, but rather a bore for you, nevertheless, I'm afraid.' ' Warranted not to snore would be more to the purpose,' says Dugdale, laughing. ' At all events it will only be for a day or two, as the Ponsonbys and the Blakes leave directly after Christmas. I'm awfully sorry about it, but you know my father is incorrigible-never happy unless he has the house in an overflowing state. We have even hadto put some of the girls in rooms with two beds to get space for the others.' ' Well, it's large enough to admit of half a-dozen beds,' says Dagdale, good naturedly, as he enters the blue chamber and warms his hands thankfully before the huge fire burning in the grate. As he speaks he looks around him; it is, indeed, a charming room, hand somely furnished, and as comfortable as the soul of man could desire. The extra bed, with hanging curtains of pale blue, to match the rest of the furniture, hasbeenpushedinto a corner, so as to take as little as possible from the grandeur of the ' regular' bedstead, that stands with its back up against the central wall of the apartment, as though tesenting the intrusion of the foreigner. ' Well, hery up, and let's go down to the dining- roome' says Oswald; ' I've a lot to Bay to you.' So much, indeed, that the night is far ad Sanced before his say is said-the fact that he has lately become engaged to the' dearest girl' in the world having a good deal to do w·ith this protracted conversation. Three o'clock has struck, and the distant sounds of merriment that reached them from the billiard-room have long since died into nothingness when at length Dick Dug dale, rising from his chair, declares, with a yawn, that sleep has mastered him. \- Ho is a tall, lean, soldierly young man of about twenty-nine, with a singularly hand some face, and a face browned by India's suns. He has, indeed, only just returned from the East-a good deal the slighter for his sojourn there-and, being heart-whole and next heir to a baronetcy, has been, during the past week, the subject of sbhp' speculation amongst the women assembled at Travers Court. ' You won't lose your way, will you i' says Oswald, as he bids him good night on coming to a landing where their roads sepa rate. ' You know the house too well for that.' ' I should,' says Dugdale, laughing. ' This house has been my home too often to let a few years destroy all memory of it.' He goes softly down the corridor that leads to his room, calling out a last subdued good night and walking delicately as Agag might, lest he should disturb the slumberers on either hand. A vague suspicion that perhaps that after all he doesn't know his own room as well as he had believed, rouses a mingled sense of consternation and amuse ment in his mind, so that when he conies to his door he opens it cautiously, and not without a certain sense of trepidation. All right, however I The large chamber presents itself to him in colours blue as the sky; the fire still burnusas cheerily upon the hearth as it did three hours ago. Capital servants the Travers always here kept, by the way; uniless, indeed, the present glowing, furnace is to be attributed to the zeal of his sleeping partner in this room. By the way, what sort is he?' Flinging the coat he has just taken off upon a chair near him, he turns his gaze upon the bed at the fartherst end of the roomn -the bed in the corner; the bed appropriated to the steady, quiet, respectable neneteen' year-old lad, warranted not to bite, of whom Oswald had spoken in such glowing terms, to find it-empty. Mechanically lie directs his attention upon the bed proper to find it full ! Why, confound that Ormsby boy ! Was there ever such impcrtinence-such sybaritish selfishness? His heart, however, melts within him as he gazesupon what there is to be seen of this model of iniquity. What a small head ! with what a wealth of curling hair ! A mere boy it must be, in sore want of a barber. &A; timid boc too evidently afraid of glists4o su?hl e midnight visitations, as he \- ? the lo?thes right round his neck, and almost over his head. A mere child he must be, with brows as white as that, and with breathing so soft, so noiseless, that one might well believe him dead. Dead i Dugdale had heard of corpses being i discovered in double-bedded rooms before > this-it is indeed, quite an orthodox good old story; but to have it coume home to him in , this abrupt way is nothalf so pleasant as the L mild imagining of it. To re:ul of a tragedy is onething; tobe mixed up with it is quite I another. Taking up the candle lie advances quickly, towards the bed, and looks down upon the owner of those short brown curls. Great heaven ! what is this? By a miracle a'one Dugdale prevents the candlestick I from falling with a crash to the floor; by a miracle, too, he represses the exclamation thatrises to his lips. The steady, respecta ble Ormsby boy, ' warranted not to bite,' has resolved hinmself into a girl! and such a lovely girl, too! The little, pretty, soft, dishevelled curls, brown as hazel nuts, are lying on a forehead white as parian marble. The roundedcheeksare flushedwith sleep's fond heat, the long, dark lashes lying on them, nmaking a tender contrast with the crimson ground beneath ; the lips, red as cherries ripe, are softly indolently closed. It occurs to him that they might open at any moment, and then Well, TmIE! not the lips, but the eyes open. Large dark eyes heavy with slumber scarcely broken, and for an instant they gaze straight up at at him, vaguely troubled softly uncertain. Up to this point Dugdale has been rooted to the spot. To say tha the is filled with amazement would be but to give a poor explanation of his feelings; that he is frightened todeath would be far nearer to it. Now seeing those half conscious eyes on his, he gives way altogether. Hastily extinFuishing the tell-tale candle, he makes a dash for his coat, and then for the door, and rushes blindly:down the now dark corridor. Towards the end, seeing a light gleaming from one of tie apartments, he makes for it in desperation, and--yes-thank heaven, there are two beds here also, the room is distinctly blue-he must have found his haven at last. Sinking into a chair he presses his hand to his forehead, and listens with ill his might. Will she scream? rouse the house? Has she mistaken him for a burglar? Or-blessed hope !-has she been so little awakened that his rapid exit may haveleft her under the im pression that all she saw was but the outcome of a dream? Somewhat relieved by this thought, he prepares once more for bed. This time, at all events, he has made no mistake, the loud and healthy snores that come from the couch in the corner preclude the smallest possibility of doubt. AU then may yet be well. That one hasty glance of hers could have told her nothing, and there is no other clue. Placing his fingers in his waiscoat pocket to take out his watch, he at once grows rigid with con steraation, and a look of horror overspreads his face! His watch! He has left it behind him ! It is probably at this moment ticking away-with quite disgraceful indifference as to its owner's agon3y-upon her table: !Alas ! for that dream theory of his ! Dreams come and go, but leave nothing tangible behind them. ' I say, where's Lilian?' asks Oswald, looking up from the game-pie he is discuss ing. 'Not like her to be late.' No; she is generally up to time,' says Lady Rattleton, a. lively.looking blonde, casting a sharp glance all round the break fast table. She didn't like that beating you gave her at billiards last night, perhaps, or else for once in her life she is lazy.' ' Wrong in both surmnnises,' said Lady Travers, glancing from bhlind the huinge silver urn, as the door opens, and a little slight girl, almost childlike in face and form, comes into the room. Very nervously she conies forward, changing from white to red, and from red back again to white, as she does so. ' Well, Lily ! come at last, dear.' Dugdale's heart gives a big jump. That pretty head, with its short, nutbrown curls, harmless as it seems, strikes terror to his soul. He grows almost vehement in his attentions to his left hand neighbour-a gaunt old maid with spectacleas. Anything rather thalmn meet the eyes of this little hesitatingnew-comer. ' Glad you've come, Lilian. Ve wcere just going to have the lake dragged.' 'Really, Miss Englcthorpe, you should give us notice when you intend to retire into private life. The anxietywe have undergone up to this would - ' 'Slept it out, Lill' questions her brother, a tall guardsman, who is at the sideboard busy with a ham. ' She looks rnther as if she hadn't slept at all,' says Sir George Tracers, her kindly host drawing a chair up close to his own, and beckoning her to come to him. 'That blue room is haunted,' says Augusta, the eldest daughter of the house; I warned you aou t it, Til. Well, what did you see W"ho entered your room last night ? Let us hear the ghastly details.' Poor Miss Englethorpe ! Dugdalc's heart dies within hin as he sees the cruel crimson tllit, rising, colours her cheeks. ' By Jove, I think you'veo hit it,' says her brother, mnighltily mused biy this blush. (Brothers are such brutes!) ' Come, tell us, Lily! The actuml person who sees a ghost is so much preferable to the person who knows somebody else who has seen a ghost. Was it a maul' Good breeding so far stands to 3fissuEngle thorpe that, though now deadly pale, she re fuses further to betray herself. As for Dug dale, gazing on that brave little face, he feels as if he must rise and say something. But cwhat That is the question that reduces h1m to absolute nothingness. ' Had he ilis head under his a! r?' persists Lady Rtattleton, with the loud laugh that is commoily, and rather justly, supposed to proclaim the vacant mind. ' Or a dripping sword, perchance,' says the Guardsman, who, being her brother, is of course the last man in the world to ever dream of looking at her. 'Come, come, come,' cries Sir George quickly. 'A truce to all such idle jests. Can't you see that the little one hais a head ache? -A cup of tea for her, Oswald, thtic will exorciso the demon, I hope ! Have you seen the last about these Whitechapel mur dersl Ehl--el? Such a disgrace as they are to civilisation." And so on. The good old host compels them all to follow him far away from MIiss Englethorpo and her worries. 'Now~, once for all, we autcal be in time to decorate the church,' says Augusta Travers presently, who is commonly supposed to be an adamurer of the rector's-a happy, in married man! 'VWe have only thus one clear day before us, and we'll hardly get our work through before Clhistmas dawns.' 'What hour are we to meet at the church?' 'Half-past eleven, sharp.' 'And it is now-By Jove, what is it, now, byanythingreliable' asks Oswald, staring at the cldok os the mantelpiece, that points stolidly to twenty past two. 'Thatclock has gone down. I ray; Dugdale, you are thelast comer from the seat of war; give us the news-the time.' We have all heard of the word 'limp.' It, and it only, describes Dugdale at this moment. 'El ' says he, with a view to gaining time. An awful consciousness that two large brown eyes are at this instant fixed upon him renders him almost paralysed. M'My dear fellow, straight from town as you are, you can of course give us the right time.' 'There are overrate my strength,' says Dugdale, recovering himself by a supreme effort. ' The fact is I wa so tired last night that I forgot to wind my watch, and when I looked at it this morning I found it had meanly nm down. So sorry!' He quite forgets to hope that heaven will forgive himt this pious fib in his anxiety to see how she has taken it. She has evi dently taken it most satisfactorily. The white and frightened face that was turned on him a moment since now looks half re lieved. That ' 1 looked at it this mrornin had been very cleyer; she had accepted it as the noble truth. She is still timid, unnerved, but her glances aire no longer directed specially towards him; they are divided amongst the other men sitting all round the table. As they rise from thelatter, Augusta comes up to Dugdalc. SI think you and Miss Englethorpo are the two people unknown to each other here,' says she. ' That should be a bond of union between you.' She laughs thelittleunctuous laugh peculiar to stout people, and introduces Dugdale to Lilian. ' Now don't be half a century getting into your walking things,' says she to Miss Englethorpe. ' You have a big day's work before you in the church. Persuade Captain D)ugdale to give you his assistance and you will make the parish your friend for ever.' At this Miss Englethorpo says a word or two, as in duty bound, and Captain Dugdale answers.it, the result being that the former finds herself behind a pair of poniaes half an hour later, with the latter holding the reins. This conjunction brings them speedily to the church door, where divers spoken plans for celebrating Christmas aro making the air loud. Miss Englethorpe being of energetic turn of mind, soon separates herself from the idle members of the flock and gives herself up to the working section thereof. Holly, ivy, and certain hothouse plants, sent in from the conservatories around, are scattered profusely about the altar and all doan the aisles. The rector clad in dis tinctly mundano garments is moving about briskly from pillar to post, giving instruc tions to the unlearned-a large class. Quite towards the end of the afternoon Miss Englethorpe, finding herself alone at the base of the pulpit with an ivy wreath in her hands that cries aloud for some resting place, looks round her and sees at adistance Dugdale. He is coming towards her, and smiles as he meet her eyes, but what is there about him that kills the answering smile that had arisen to her lips ? Dugdale gives a hasty side glance at himself and finds he is in his shirtsleeves, having flung off his coat awhile ago to go to -ork with a greater zeal. Good heavens ! he was in his shirt-sleeves that last, that fist time she saw him ! Could it be possible that a remembrance of that unfortunate moment is slowly awakening within her ? What if she should ever arrive at a certainty about that fatal mistake of hlis? Making a hasty snatch at his coat he flings that unotffending garment over the tell-tabile shirt with quite an angry air, andturns once moreto Miss Englcthorpe. ' Now, what can I do for you '" says he, with as unconcerned a manner as lie can assume at so short a notice and with his heart beoating to such a violent degree. ' Nothing, thank you,' returns she, icily, moving abrutly away; and then, as if ashamed of her petulance or not knowing positively that she has reason for it, she looks round at him. ' Well, there is this,' she says, with hesi tation, glancing ather wreath ; ' where shall I put it ?' 'I'll show you,' says he briskly, a weight lifted from his heart. After all she does not know. And what a lovely face it is that now islooking into his, not, however, with out a strange suppressed anxiety, that might be. called doubt, visible in it. To combat this doubt he makes the object of his life for the next half hour, and has congratulated himself that he has succeeded, when suddenly Miss Englethorpe puts hope on that subject to flight. ' What o'clock is it!' asks she, so nervously that it is impossible not to notice her agita tion. Dugdale makes a laudable effort to conquer the situation, and fumbles in the pocket where that confounded watch should be as thoroughly as though he honestly be lieves it is there to be found. ' Oh, by Jove ! of course,' says he. ' I forgot I hadn't womld it last night, and that it still lies on my table. Let me tell you a secret,' speahing very carefully, but rather fast. ' 1 am one of those fellows you know, who hate a watch and never wear 'em, if they can get out of it.' ' No, I don't know any of them,' says Miss Englethorpe, slowly. He can feel her eyes upon his ,face, and after a swift glance knows they are full of' tears, frightened, shamed tears I Her whole soul is in these anxious eyes, and lihe understands, in stinctively, that it is the uncertainty of it all that is' so terribly distressing her. He feels like a murderer as he sees the tears, and he feels, too, with greater justice, that he is developing into a most consummate liar. ' Well, now, you know one,' says he, with what, he tells himself, is quite an awful sprightliness. ' A watch, to me, is a bore, hardly to be endured. Just now and again it is a useful thing, I daresay, but, as a rule I shouldn't wonder, for instance, if you never saw me with mine the whole time I am hero.' ' What a pity ! Is-is it a nice watch 1' asks Miss Engletlhorpe, with what lie is pleased to see somewhat recovered spirits. 'Far from it,' promptly. ' Beastly old thing; silver. My father gave it to me or I shouldn't carry it witlh me at all.' Alas for the generosity of that good father, whose gift had nmost assuredly been golden. But Lilian (he has already, evet ait this early stage of their actquaiuutace, begun to so designate her) is for the timne satisfied, and what is a father in comparison with a pretty girl ? For the rest of the evening everything goes smoothly between her and Dudel, and the next day, Christmas day, passes without a hitch, and is indeed remem beredl by both long afterward as having been the happiest they had ever opent. If at times Miss Englethlorpe feels little icy thrills of fear ste:tling over her as she thiinks of that waltch lying perdn beneath her laces up stairs (she had been atfraid to put it in her jewel case, the girls in the house having quite a mania for overhauling that charmning receptacle), she resolutely puts such fears behind her, and with as good cournge as suie can, enjoys the present. Sooner or later she known she willlhave to stand face to face with her midnight visitor, will have to return that watch, and thereby bring uitter confu sion upon her head; but until then let her be happy. Hlor one devoutprayer inecessantlv breathed is--tlhat whoever it is th:lt terrible apparition may resolve itaself into, it will noti be Dugdale. Oh, no, not Captain Dugdale, anc one but hlim; alnd surely, it couldn't be he. She has his own word for it, or nearly so. 1is watch-that mys terious one he hates so much, that seemingly no mols has ever yet seen--is silver, whilst hIrs--tiht is--his-that is-tie nwiLTCrt's-is gold ! No ; he Captain Duie dale, would not wilfully deceive her, anid yet---- Always an unwelcome doubt remains behind. Aid to this doubt is given from the most unexpected sources. [umian spite has nothing to do with it, as no one can possibly know anytling atbout the fiasco save she and--that other. Some impalpable iimp must have taken it in hand, and found its pleasuceiu tormeniting her. The first shock had comne at that memorable breakfast; the second when she had seen Dugdalo for the first time (wees it the first time '?) in his shirt sleeves in the churchl; the third arose out of the tambltese riants that the Travers girls wouldget up. These doubts have all to do with Dugdale, butbesidcsthese she isharassed with speculations as to other guests in the house. Dugdale apparently is not the only one who does not possess, or can't at all events producne a watch. Hen. lertieLight wood, a near-sighted little mortal, more dead than alive, never wears one, and George Hardup, a stalwanrt dragon, slays he has left his in town to be repaired. In the tableaux it so happens that Miss Englethorpe and Caphin Dugddule are cast for the scene from Tenny/on's 'Sleeping Beauty,' when the latter is roused from her seep of a hundred years by a kiss from the wandesing prince. The other tableaux had gone off pretty well. Lady Itattleton, in deed, as Diana Vernon had scored a distinct success, and Oswald T'avers, with his fiancee, a gentle little thing, with intelligent eyes, were very well thought of as Una and the Lion; there had, indeed, been some difficulty about the get- up of Oswald as that remarkable beast-he was thelion-but when he had, been smothered in two bear, three opossum and one leopard skin he was con sidered a very creditable article indeed. He was at all events unique of his kind, and that is everything. But a little whisper has got about that ' The Sleeping Beauty' is to'e the event of the evening, and now, as the curtain slowly (and with several heart-stirring checks) rises, rumour for the third or fourth time proves true. Beyond all doubt Miss Englethorpe is a beauty ! Every man in the room, and even a few women, acknowledge this un deuniabloe fact. Lying there upon the crimson-covered couch in her delicate white robes, with her nut-brown curls nestling amongst the red velvet of the cushions, Lillian Englethorpe looks lovely as a happy dream. The exquisite face is colourless, save for the scarletlips and the dark lashes lying on the oval cheek. Had that dead past beauty of olden time, so dear to fairy lore and poets, been half so fair as this, her modem representative, no wonder the prince lost his head, but gained his courage and made heriuis by that revivifying kiss. So thinks Dugdale, as compelled by his part-but yet a very willing servant-he bends over her. How sweet she looks ! How kind! Yet if she knew all, would she not spurn him I A.ll-yet how little ? How delicately the lashes lie upon that perfect cheek ! Oh ! that the curtain might stay up forever! Oh ! that he dared, as did that old world-lover, to stoop and kiss and wake her into a nesw life-a life of love for him ! The curtain, however, : like time, takes heed of no man. Down it comes with a little bang; so a eddenly that Dugdale, lost of What I It seems to him in the midst of his consternation that he knows! Again, he sees himself in that blue chamber looking down upon the sleeping girl. Again she wakes. Again her eyes uplift themselves to his-as they do now. Miss Englethorpe has taken a step nearer to him ; she has lifted her hand as though she would have spoken to him. iThere is in the strange deep glance of her eye some thing of absolute agony. Her lips part. All at once she turns aside, her hand falls to her side, and abruptly, nay brusquely, she passes him by, and disappears by the amateur wing. Dugdale, who has grown a little pale, is the only one left to receive the plaudits of the assembled county. She puts in no appearance at breakfast next morning, and Dagdale's heart sinks lower within him, if that be possible. Late in the afteruoon, at the five o'clock tea, that seems to delight everybody, but at which she -really he has begun to regard her, so far as name is concerned, almost as the heroine of Mr. Haggard's novel-is also absent; and, strolling leisurely into the library, where this mild dissipation is, as a rule, carried out to its bitter end, Dugsdale becomesaware of that crushing fact. He has hardly had his own cup, however, which neither cheers nor in briates him. when a door opening on his left causes him to turn. Yes, it Is she. But a very pale and nervous she-a shfe, too, fighting evidently against odds that are of a spiritual nature and not open to the public. Dugdale, look ing at her, feels puzzled. ilis ignorance, however, is of short con tinuance. Miss Englethorpe has not been two minutes in the room whenu somebody Lady Rattleton, of course-says loudly: ' Whose watch is this ?' As she spoke she lifted a gold watch from a small table at her elbow, with chain attached, and holds it up, as if for auction, to those around. Dugdale's heart grows still. That it is his watch goes without telling. That she, un able longer to endure the suspense, unable, too, to retain so valuable an article, has at last decided on braving thie worst, is clear to him. She had come in, had laid that vile timepiece upon the table, unseen by anyone, and now, when all the guests had assembled, is waiting to learn-the truth. Well, sheshan'thearit from him at all events. ' A fine thing !-a very fine thing ! And who is the owner of this fine thing ?' cried Lady Rattleton in her shrill tones, dangling the watch to and fro, and challenging all men present. ' Yours, Oswald ? No ? Yours, Mr. Lightwood? Yours, Sir George ?' to her host. ' No, really ? It looks like an heirloom. Well, come, it must sbe yours, Captais Dugdale.' *Fora moment Dugdale hesitates. It is a hesitation so slight as to be almost unfelt but in the most infinitesimal space of time quite a train of thoughts can present them selves. If he repudiates the watch now ihe can never claim it again, and it is an old friend, thecompanion of many a year, and dear to him, as inanimate things sometimes will be. But not to deny all knowledge of it, with those large searching eves gazing at him from the other end .of the room, waiting breathlessly as it seems for his answer, is impossible to him.' ' Mine? No,' says he, shaking his head, with a smile. ' ust belong to some of the other fellows. They'll claim it when they come in,' says Oswald indifferently, as Lady Rattleton puts back the watch on the table where she had found it. Dugdale breathes more freely, and lets his glance turn to where Lilian has but just nowbeen standing. She has gone into the embrasure of the window, however, and is sitting there on a pile of cushions, chatting with apparent gaiety with a young man, who is holding a teacup for her. She has not disbelieved him then Once again he has escaped detection. Surely she could not laugh like that if she doubted. Yet-strange perversity--he almost wishes she had doubted, that she knesa, that it was all over, andshe hadforgiven him. A grow ing dislike to the young man to whom she is making herself so agreeable, mingled with a sort of discomfort hardly to be placed, in duces him to leave the gay party round the tea table and wander somewhataimles.lyinto the music room, a charmingapartment, hung with pale pink cretonne, and with a huge how-window facing south. At this hour of the day it is sure to be deserted and free from fear of chance visitors. Glad in this thought, Dugdale stands moodily in the window chewing the cud of several bitter thoughts, when a light but hurried step behind causes him to turn. Who can be coming now! It seems to him that he hardly knows her, as she stops short before him, her lips parted and her breath coming and going so rupidly thet it almost appears to hurt her. Her agitation is so extreme that involuntarily he puts out his hand as though to support her, but she shrinks from him. 'Here,' she says. ''l Take it. There is no reason you should lose it because-beause of me!' It is his watch she is offeriung him ! Losing his head a little-Ilis agitation now being even greater than her own--lhoe would once more have denied all knowledge of it, but she restrains him. 'Oh, no; so, so !' cries she, with sudden intense passion. 'Il Do not say it again. Itis useless, I know:.' I think I have knowrn it all along.' She phlces thle watch upon an ottomah near hler, and makes a movement towards the door. Something tells him that if she goes now it will be for ever. TVith a touch of desperation in his manner he gets before hlier, and places his baok against the door. ' Io not go like this,' says he, his face as white as her own. 'Let me say werordor tiwo. Justhear me! After all, what wasit? Lilian, let me speak.' IIchas put out bothl his hands and tried to take hers, but with a sharp little gesture she repulses him, and then-all at once, as it were, she covers her face and breaks into a wild and bitter fitof crying: not loud sobs, but low and heavy, that shake all her slender frame. Turning abruptly from him as though ashasmed of this uncontrollable out lburst, ise hurries behind the curtains of the window, and, leaning against thle woodwork, tries as despairingly as a broken-hearted child. 'Is it worth such grief as this?' says Dugdale miserably, following her into the embrasure of the window. ' It was only a mistake when all is told. 3Iine-and an inexcusable one if you will-but not worth one of thosecruel tears. I can't think how it happened; ]how I was sostupid, but-' 'Don'tspeakof it. Ican't bear it,' cried she with a stamp of her small foot. 'Far better speak of it, and be done with it for ever,' says Dugdale. 'You have been making a mountain out of a mere molehill, and if you won't let me lshow it to you as it really is, you will go on being miserable abbut it alwvays.' 'Very well; I'd erateer be miserable,' says Miss Englethorpe from behind her hand o-?hief, 'though,' withanother sob, 'if I am ts be asmiserable as this always, I shall so n dies that's esscomfort.' ' ot to me,' saysDugdale. 'Hare you no pity for me? Do youathink Ihrave ffeed goth ?$ ? T~ht every nervous gliese lf yours has not been an agony to me? If I deserved punishment for my offence-which truly was an innocent ono-why I have endured it a thousand times. If you could forgive me now--if-' ' Oh ! if it had been any one but yous!' says she so snirely, with such an unconscious betrayal of her real feelingfor him, that Dug dale's heart beats high. Emboldened by this veiled admission he very gently takes her in his arms, and presses her head down upon his shoulder. ' Why, if it had been so much the worse,' says he quickly. ' You and I can keep the secret to ourseives,cau we not? Lilian, may I tell you now what you surely know already, but what I want so badly to put into words. I love you Darling- Darling do you think you can like me-enough-to marry me l' 'Well if it had't been for thdt,' says she despondently; but, considering, she turns to him instead of frost him, as she makes this disheartening speech. Dugdale is not so much crushed by it as he ought to have been. ' If it hadn't been-you could have liked me ?' asks he gently. ' Oh! what's the good of talking of it now e says she, with a heavy sigh. ' Not much!' says Dugdale mercifully. But just for argument's sake, answer me.' ' Well-yes, reluctantly. ' Then,' says Dugdale, with a base descent into ordinary gladness, 'I shall insist on your liking me now, too, in spite of that un fortunate-' ' Oh,' cries she, hastily, ' don't mind that.' She lifts one hand and lays it on his lips. ' It is something else I want to talk to you about. Do you think-a-that is-that one person could ever love another person when those two persons have only seen each other for ten days?' ' If you and I are those two persons-yes,' says Dugdale, with deep conviction. 'It's a very short.time,' says she, doubt fully. T'he man who could see you for ten days and be still insensible to- well, never mind him, he would be beneath contempt,' says Dugdale. ' As for me, the very first time I ever saw you-' 'Oh, noN'T !' says she, hiding her face on his breast. ' On our very first introduction--' 'Dick ! if you insist on talking about that-I-I won't marry you,' says she, in dignantly. And if I don't you will ' 'Oh! you krw it,' says she, so shyly, so sweetly, that he feels earth has no more to offer him. 'And now, not another tear,' says he, presently, when their raptures and explana tions, and all the blessed vows that lovers from time immemorial have given and taken, have been gone through. ' Here, take my handkerchief ; yoursis wet through. (Bless me, what ridiculous things girls use, to be sure !) Not another tear shall you shed all your life through if Iean prevent it. But there is one thing that has always puzzled me. May I ask you about it?' ' Is-is it about-that 1' nervously. ' Yes, I want to know why both the rooms were blue 1' 'That was Augusta's fault. She liked the old room so much, yours, that she had another done up like it--min, ! I-I wish she hadn't.' ' Well, I don't,' says Dugdale. ' One of the sweetest recollections of my life will be of a little soft, brown curly head, lying---' Here Miss Englethorpe makes such a desperate effort to escape from his encircling arms that he has to break off in the middle of his enthusiastic memories to circumvent her. ' Well, I won't-I swear it i' declares he. ' Not another word on the subject shall pass my lips until we are such an ancient Darby and Joan that it will seem like a dream to us.' ' Now, you rnomxes, mind,' says she, and then pauses, so evidently full of a desire to say something else, that instinctively he says: 'Well ' 'There is just one thing that has troubled me most of all,' confesses she, falling into a little whisper, and so turning her head that he can't see her eyes. ' Was-that timer you know-was my hair rery crumpled! Was,' plucking nervously at the bottom of his coat, ' was I looking rrry dreadful ?' ' Oh ! darlingheart. 1Hoa could youlook that ?' cries he, straining her to his heart. 