LONDON TABLE TALK. London, July 12, 1889. At the Crystal Palace on Saturday the Shah was attracted by some trees of hot-<*> house peaches on which the fruit lay tempting in color but deadly in unripe- ness. After fingering several hu Majesty picked one, and was on the point of con suming It when the Prince of Wales noticed his operations. In an Instant an expression of the liveliest oonoern flitted o'er H.R.H.'s features, and turning to the nearest Interpreter he said—"Hl! Stop him eating that, it will m?ke him (and hen Us hand strayed to the portion of the person likely to be afflicted) dreadfully ill. I have suffered ao myself." The Interpreter interpreted and the Shah did not eat, otherwise than might have been a change In tbe pro gramme due to that democratic complaint the colic, which doable* up alike the jast and the unjust, and corrugates with eqatl freedom the Imperial intestines of the monarch and the alimentary oansl of a navvy. It la a solemn fact that the Shah crested a sensation amongst tbe Royal circle on the night of the private performance at the Empire by signalling Prlnoe Albert Victor, and asking him audibly in his b*d French whether the ladles on the stage— some 300 ballet girls—wen his host's (Sir Albert Bassoon's) harem. At Lord Cedogan'sthe pnvlons evening, too, dismay was created 15 initiates before dinner by the arrival of an equerry from Buckingham Palace, with a message to the effect that the Shah was tired of seeing the earns great ladies' faces at the various functions In his honor, and would be obliged by Lady Cadogan providing a fresh lot tor the coming meal. This was taken to mean that his Majesty found continual association with the Princess and her daughters rather a bore. Fortunately, they wen not dining at Chelsea House that evening, and altting between the stately Countess of Oadogan and the beautiful Duchess of Portland the "Oentn of the Universe " was happy. Then an all sorts of tales' afloat about the Shah's conversations with our nota bilities. It is said, for example, he puzzled Lord Wolseley by asking him seriously what his policy in the Soudan was, and took a rise out of Mr. Balfour by affecting to believe him an enthusiastic Irish Home Baler. Pre sented tc one of the Governors of oar colonial dependencies he embarrassed the poor man by asking him why he was not at his post, whilst some of his compli ments to the noble ladies he met an said to have been nearly as fall-flavored as Naar-ed-Din himself. Fortunately the Interpreters wen men of discretion, and translated his Majesty's speeches suitably. Sir Charles Russell has after all been persuaded to undertake the defence of Mrs. Maybrick. His brief is marked £LOOO, but money alone would not have persuaded the gnat advocate to visit Liverpool on such a mission. What mon probably moved him wa* the desire to outvie Sir Edward Clarke's gnat achievements in the Barttett case. The anti-Pasteur meeting atSt. James's Hall was not very successful, only about 100 persons attending. The superin tendent of the Home for Lost Dogs said that "though 200,000.d0gs had passed through bis hands he had never seen a mad dog. He considered muzzle* the chief cause of hydrophobia. Dogs always tried to get out of people's way when they went mad, yet -that was the very time they were pursued and tormented." If till* be true, and I suppose It Is, oomlDg tram sash an authority, the fact li well worth remembering. A "faith-healer," who cilia himself " Baron " O. Andreas, and claims to htve cured aa many diseases aa the twelve apostles, request* the editor of the Christian Commonicealth to produce "a well authenticated case of leprosy," In order that he may *' by simple childlike prayer, accompanied by the laying on of bards" and "anointing with oil," make him whole again. Will it be believed, that Instead of rebuking this man, the editor accepted his implied challenge, and named tbe Prlnoe of Wales'* leper, Edward Yoxall, now In hospital, to ''Baron" Andreas. Of course the doctors at St. George's are nob the least likely to Ist the worthy "faith healer "play at niiw?fllf?s with the poor afflicted leper. fat " Marquee" de Leuvflle, whose absurd songs (devoid alike of chyme and metre) sprawl down the advertising eolamna of our dallies just now. This sort of tiling, you know— THE BXGOBI SHIYEB. My spirit Hosted one moonlight night Over the far Samoa ; And the angels'wings were dearand straight Above in the starry mar. And that night from the far forever I rose ia a passionate pain; A* the ghost of a bygone shiver Wbiipered my oatting** name. Then cat of the sea swept heaven. There wandered a silent sob, And it sang this song nnshrrran— And the price is a couple of bob, Knowing what frauds American prize fights usually an I shouldn't have thought the British public would have cared two pins about the result of the Sullivan v. Kflraln prize fight. Evidently, however, people did, for Fleet street (opposite the Sporting Life offices) was crowded on Monday afternoon with a motley crew anxiously awaiting news. From the observations of these gentry I gathered that Kilraln was the popular fancy. Sullivan made himself very objectionable over here, whereas K"nr«ln worked hard and said little. The fight seems to have proved bat a one-sided business, KOraln'e chief part In It being apparently to " drop to avoid punishment " Row KUraln has been well beaten it Is astonishing how many people knew he ciuld never "stand up to SoUlvan." Richard V. Fox, of diamond-belt fame, loses between £6,000 and £7,000 by KOraln's defeat. Lord Portman, who owns the greater part of north- west London, and is rich beyond the dreams of avarice, la going to erect for himself a copy of Hampton Court Palace. Mr. Norman Shaw has been appointed architect, and will select the site. There axe to be no restrictions as to cost TlzeteDy, the publisher, who Is suffer fog imprisonment as a first-class misde meanant for persisting in selling Z jla and other French garbage, occupies hi* time chiefly in writing. He has for some months been engaged on a volume of reminiscences of bis experiences as a lite rary man and publisher, and also intends dobig some account of his forced residence at B olloway Castle. The furniture, pictures, and effacts of Battleorease House, Aigburth, the resi dence of the unfortunate James Maybrick, wen sold by auction on Monday last, and. realised a substantial sum towards defray, log tbe expenses of Mrs. Maybriok's de fence. Public feeling In Liverpool does not now run so strongly against the lady a* It did. At the Saltpetrlen Hospital In Paris there is a good-looking young girl of 15 who has fits of hysteria, in the course of which she fancies herself a cat, and be haves just like one. When the attack oomes on the patient moves about on all fours with extraordinary agility, purring or hissing. If a hospital student throws a ball of paper at her she will play with It on all fours, running and jumping at It in tbe manner peculiar to a cat—arching her back, licking her hand as if it ware a paw and passing it over her head to smooth the Bopposed fur. Bach of these arrange fit* lasts 20 minutes, and 1* of course most painful to witness. The patient, how ever, seems absolutely unoonsdoai of what has happened. Beerbohm- Tree means to prodaoe Shakespeare's "King John" at tbe Hay market In September. His summer season ends to-night. Tha Avenue, Vaudeville, and I'oule'a theatres dosed on Saturday lait for the recess, and this evening>the Kendall luring their stay at the Court to aa end. To-morrow Mcs. John Wood and Company reopen this home with a oomedy called « Aunt Jack," of which gnat thlnn an expected: and "PinkDomlnos" wiQ be revived at the Criterion when Wyndham goeito America. The Garrick continues to do enoh tremen dous badness with "The Profligate" (the hot weather notwtthitanding) that Han will only be able to give hU company a brief holiday in August; and •• Toe Yeo men of the Guard" look* like ranning right through the summer at the Bavoy. An Amerioan actress named Kate Forsyth baa failed to do any good with an Impos sible play called "The Tigress" at tfie Comedy Theatre, and the revival of " Jim the Penman" at the Shaftaibnry did not "catch on." Business at "Doris" and " Paul Jones" seems only so-so. How Inferior even the beat of the Italian local companlea an to the cos mopolltan eolleotton of great artistes at Covent Garden one has only to go to the j Ljceum just now to realise. Hen we have " Otello," with the great Tamagno, j Maurel, and the original cast, chorus, and orchestra from La Seals, the moat famous opera house in Italy, and yet—for the truth must be told.—a Covert Garden audience would not tolerate such an en semble fcr a moment. Tatnagno of course is Tamagno, a grand tenor and a great actor, and MaureTs laeo has been eulogised everywhere. Bat the prim* j donna! Never hare I heard a worse vocalist In a big part. She could neither slog nor act, and the minor parts an filled anyhow. The chorus Is good In a email way and so Is the orchestra, bat the general effect somehow seems shabby and second-rate. No man In his senses will, I am son, pay a guinea twice for • stall at the Lyoeum when for the same sum he can see such artistes as Mesdames Albanl j and Scalcht, the two Da Beskes, Mon tariol, Winogradow, and Olampi playing together In a grand opera, magnificently staged, for the same sum. The cost of the flowers used for deco rating Covent Garden on the ooaaslon of the SbaVa visit exceeded £1,000. Sir Albert Saasoon, on dit, spent even more - over the Empire, which was simply smothered in roses, huge banks being piled In every available earner. The exact charge made by the directorate for the private neiformance at the Empire was £500, but what the sapper (every delicacy conceivable for over 2,000 per sons) and the wines (the champagnes served wen all 1880 vintage) came to one can only vaguely conjecture. It was in comparably tile most sumptuous and mag nificent private entertainment siren In honor of the Shah of Shaba. The farewell benefit of poor old Mrs. Stephens, the original Mrs. Willonghby in "The Ticket of Leave Man," at the Bhaftesbury Theatn on Tuesday after noon was a gnat success. Save perhaps Sin. Stirling and Mrs. Chippendale no old lady In "the profession" Is more popular. AUtheamartacbortandsotreese* In London, from the ir«««*«h and the Criterion, Gaiety, avd Adelphl computes downwards, helped, anl Miss Maude Millet*, Miss Jessie Bond, Miss Blanche Horiock, and otter female divinities aold programmes. The "begablt," In fact, realised enough to keep the dear old lady in comfort for some time to come. The Duke of Portland's wonderful lack oontinaes unbroken. At Stookbddge last week Semolina won two more well dowered stakes, and at Kempton Park on Saturday the big event of the meeting— the Princess of Wales'* Stakes of 2,000 soya.—fell to his grace by the aJd of Johnny Morgan, 4 years, 7 at. 91b., who beat Tnanderstoim, Hartley, and 15 others father easily. The Ascot Hunt Cap failure, Danbydale, was favorite, and ran well for five furlongs, bat fatted to stay ; and old Shimmer, who was also a great" pot," never shored prominently at any period of the race. ■" The proceedings at the meeting of the Jockey Olnb on Saturday were of a most matter-of-fact description, and entirely belied expectation. Mr. Lowther read an admirably expressed letter from Bir Goo. Chetwynd, resigning his aeat as a member of the Jockey Club, and a resolution mov ing that tbla resignation be accepted was carried without discussion. Instead of the stewards' conduct as arbitrators being called In question It was warmly com' mended, and the Duke of Westminster moved a vote MmiHng (hem for their trouble. The Duke of Portland elicited \- from Mr. Lownher that the various eats which came out of the bag staring the trial (including Mr. Hammond's £1,000 present to Wood after Florence's Cam bridgeshire) would presently be thoroughly Investigated. Mr. Hammond's blood must have ran cold as he read this. He Is a professional **fJ"?? j ««i to be warned off tbe turf would ?n—ii finan^i*? extinc tion. "Set mwttiinKTi that strange present will require a good deal of aiplMi^np. The circumstances of the gift wen, to put It mildly, peculiar. Wood had won the Cesarewltch on St. Gatien for Mr. ■ Hammond, and In ordi nary course would have been put up on Florence for the Cambridge shire. Mr. Hammond, however, un gratefully preferred that Webb should ride bis mare In the latter race, and this left Wood free to accept a mount on the then first favorite, Sandiway, for the Daks of Westminster., Curiously enough Sandiway did Dot go very well in the betting towards the last, whereas Florence became a red hot 6 to 1 chance. How tbe latter won, after a tremendous race with Bendlgo, all the world knows. Sandiway ran fifth, and in tbe opinion of her backers Wood rode execrably. Mr. Hammond, however, did not apparently think ao, for it was presently whispered > that he had given Wood £1,000 out of the Florence winnings. Bumors wen just becoming ugly when Sir Geo. Chetwynd wrote to the papers for Wood, stating that then was not a word of truth In the story. Now, however, we know that Wood did receive a large present from Hammond. At the sale of the Qaeen'a yearlings the top price of 3,000 guineas was given by Colonel North for a magnificent look . log colt by Hampton oat of Land's Bad, whole brother to the shifty St. Michael. Sir Jno. Willonghby, who has a year ling book on next year's Derby, is in tbe pleasing position of having laid—last summer, of course—£lo,ooo to £100 against Surefbot, about whose chance even now the decline to offer more than 4to 1. At Kempton on Saturday Mr. Merry would have taken £5,000 to £i; 000, or even £9,000 to £2,000, but no one would deal Those who read that remarkable sketch, "Ant Dlabolos Aut £lbil,"|ln a reoene Blachcood, will probably turn, as I did, with a good deal of expectation to the author's first attempt In novel writing, " Little Hand and Muckle Gold." 1 warn them they will be disappointed. The author ia a cynic, and I should fancy an atheist, too. His characters an almost without exception objectionable. Then la not what ladies would call one "really nice " person In the book. On the other hand then an some appalling aoenes described, and described with a dreadful power that grips one's imagination and brings them back again and again. I have never come across anything In fiction more horrifying than the author's narra tive of his young and beauti ful heroine's death from hydrophobia In lingering tortures such as one had till reading this only faintly and remotely i Imagined. Almost equally dreadful and pictured with painful fidelity Is the death of the villain par excellence of the book, Laurence Farquhar. Lying on a rook on tbe seashore at Boulogne In a drunken absinthe ecstasy Farquhar comes to tha I conclusion Ufa Is no longer worth living, and that he will let tha moonlit waves tipple up and drown him. He falls asleep, and only wakes to find the tide swiftly submerging him. Then his one thought is of escape. He remember* njoldngly that he can swim, and tries to strike oat. Honor of horron I the poor wretch can- Dot more. The fate the doctor* foretold, if be would persist in taking absinthe, has overtaken him. Every part of Farqahar's body bat hli bead ha* been completely paralysed. Within a few yard* of sncoorhe dies In agonising mental tor tore*. Tennyson's new volume of poems will be published In October. It consists mostly of fugitive pieces. A "Life of Father Damlen/'by Mr. Clifford, who recently visited Molokal, and whose lectures and articles first attracted attention to the deceased Hiss Ellen Bailey (BdnaLyal!) has been out of health for tome months put, and Is doing no literary work. Another in valid lady and author, known to the world as ''Maxwell Gray," Is also very 111; in fast, not expected to recover. She was slowly progressing with a new story (as yet unnamed), when a complication of her spinal complaint supervened. Augustine Birrell, the popular essayist, and author of "Obiter Dicta," has been triumphantly returned as Gladttonian member for West Fife. Lady Stafford's chatty and unaffectedly written diary of her tour round the world, "How I Spent my Twentieth Yen," has already ran into a second edition. It is emphatically a book for family reading. "Memory* Harkback" U the quaint title the Eev. Dr. Gretton has given to a volume of reminiscences to be published Immediately by Bentleys. 