BIBLE CHRISTIAN DISTRICT MEETING. NUMURKAII DISTRICT. The annual district meeting in con nection with the Bible Christian Churches, of the Numurkah district, was held at Echuca on Wednesday and Thursday, 6th and 7th February. There were present: Revs. R. Brown, Echuca; J. Wilson, Numurkah ; R. Yeo, Yarrawonga; W. T. Abbott, Wamboota, N.S.W.; R. B. Roberts, Wunghnu ; J. T- Baglin, Tungamah ; W. G. Lester, Echuca; and Messrs. Fowler and Williams, Numurkah; Tomlinson, and Yarcoe, Wamboota; and Andrews, Echuca. The Rev. R. Down took the chair at 10 o’clock on Wednesday morning, and the election of officers was proceeded with, with the following results :—Revs. R,’ Yeo, general secretary ; R. B. Roberts', journal secretary; tT. T. Baglin, re porter. It was found on examining the accounts for the district, that as a whole, the financial position was not so good as might be expected, although some of the individual reports were very cheering. Two young men, W. Grenfell, of Nathalia, and A. Mitchell, of Tungamah, offered themselves to the district meeting for employment as Home Missionaries and were recom mended to conference as suitable men for the work. In regard to the two probationers of the district, it was recommended to the conference that one, Rev. J. T. Baglin, be passed on to his third year of probation, provided of course, that the examining com mittee are satisfied with his papers ; and the other, Rev. W. G. Lester, having failed to sit for examination was recommended to conference to be con tinued as having travelled one year until next conference. A scheme for remodelling the Numurkah district was passed on to conference, it being found to be very inconvenient as worked at present. The various ser vices in connection with the district meeting were as follow :—February 5th, sermon by the Rev. J. Wilson, on the “ Descent of the Holy Ghost.” Missionary meeting on Wednesday the 6th, chair, Rev. Down. Ad dresses, Revs. Yeo. Abbott, Roberts and Wilson. The morning services on Wednesday and Thursday were conducted by the Revs. J. T. Baglin and W. G. Lester, respectively. 