The Trades and Labor Congress at Hobait dealt with a pretty large variety of subjects, and its views with regard to the questions discussed are matter of recoid It will not be the fault of the Hobait delegates if thej dispeise fiom the congress with a very exalted idea of, not the rights of labor, which no one at this time ventures to dis pute, but of their importance as an element in the body politic Asa rule the representatives of labor are pretty shrewd men, and we may take it that the semi official junketings at Hobart will be pietty aoculately assessed by them. It is the merest nonsense to pietend that the Trades Congress version of the rights of labor is in any sense of the teim a new revelation The doctrine that labor has its rights, as well as the employei, is not anew one The only difference is that wheie, less than 50 yeais ago, those rights were ignored, it is now becoming fashionable to support them Tlieie was a time when certliu forms of leligious belief were regarded as more loathsome than leprosj, and more dangerous than the plague, and when all good citizens were admonished to slay the believer as the readiest means of extinguishing the belief So with the doctrine of the rights of labor. Hot very long since, a man who publicly held that the laborer had any better rights than were then accorded him was regarded as a dangerous political schismatic, while he who would argue that employers and employed stood on a perfectly level platform of mutual privileges and rights was stigmatised as dangerous, i un ning amuck at the bulwarks of civilisa tion We are better informed to day, and the Hobart congress is a tangible proof of that better knowledge There is no more utterly unprofitable occupa tion that of the critic who tefuses to accept the world as it is, because he has a notion that it might be different and bettei But, all the same, we need not sing lo pjjans to the ti inmph of principle when we know all the time that the triumph in question is meiely one of powei The distin guished recognition accoided to the Hobart delegates is welcome even now. But its moral value would have stood far Inghei if it had occuircd a generation ago Like the Fedeial Council, the Trades and Labor Congiess, although lepiesenting the whole of Australasia, has no executive capacity, and its de bates and decisions aie lecommendatory only And, also, like the Federal Council, we may fanly expect of its conclusions that they will carry much moral weight with those to whom they ar« addressed It is to be regretted that Mt BiECLA'i’s motion in favoi of heavj piotective duties against out sideis—as a necessarj encouiagement to colonial mdustiy—was ballasted with a fuither declaiation in favor of mteicolonial fiee ttade The Con gress, after a lively discussion, struck out the lattei put of the motion, and so left the question of fiee Austialian mtei change an open one It would have been wiser to have omitted any piesent effott to induce the Trades Congress to openly declaie itself in favoi of intercolonial free trade, as the vote in a} be hastily and wrongly taken to mean that the Congi ess con demned the proposal, vv lien, in fact, they only postponed it The resolution in favor of establishing boards of conciliation, and giving them legal jurisdiction in disputes between emplojes and employed, should lead to something like concerted action in all the colonies, and we are glad to note that the dangerous doctrine that work ing men can most easily redress grievances or adjust their disputes by resorting to strikes found little favor with the delegates The proposal to fix a minimum rate of wages for all trades or handicrafts was properly negatived At present such action would be manifestly premature, and create more evils than it would remove The Congress committed itself to the pro motion of early shop closing throughout the colonies, and in so doing was in strict harmony with the main prin ciples of trade unionism It is not denied that shopmen and shopwomen woikfar longei hours than is necessary 01 desirable, and that if early closing were universal the employes would be gieatly the better, while then era ployeis would be none the worse And tlieie is much foice in the allegation that early closing will never become universal until it is made compulsory by law. The resolution in favor of widening the limitation of age which is sometimes made in Government and private employment is well intended If pnvate employers insist upon the services of men of less than 40 years of age it is hard to see how they can be inteifered with, but it seems monstious that the Govern ment should disqualify a willing and able man from employment because he has leached or nearly readied the prime ’of life There are hundreds of posi tions in Government woik which could be filled to the highest advantage by men of mature yeais even if they have never previously, been public seivants Mi Harwood’s motion in favoi of co opeiative associations of workmen with a view of equalising the distribution of piofits deals with a most important matter It seems stiange that, with so many obvious advantages to be •rained by co operation, the woiking classes do not take moie practical in terest in it. And, until they do, the enunciation of the piniciple profits but little If Mr Harwood’s resolution be followed up, and the various tiades halls get to woik in earnest to intro dime the co operative system good re suits are pretty sure to follow It was to be expected that the Trades Con giess would condemn plural voting, but in Victoria at least the question is hardly likely to assume much urgency until the approach of the genetal elec tion next aftei the one now pending. The death of the Hon Peter Lalor is the breaking of one of the most pi eminent links between the Ballarat of 1854 and the Ballarat of to day. The metropolitan press have fully and gracefully recorded the able services which the late Speaker of our Legisla tive Assembly rendered to the colony, but to the people of Ballarat he stood in somewhat closer peisonal relations than even with the metropolis. On Ballarat Peter Lalor received his baptism of fire, and even if we, in the after and fuller light, see cause to regret the Eureka episode, in that th« nimei s’ grievances might hav e been re dressed without overt rebellion, yet we are bound to admit the self-sacrifice, the personal bravery, and the fierce intolerance of injustice which animated the leading spirits of the Stockade Peter Lalor was in many lespects the antithesis of the harebrained Don Quixote, and yet he delighted in nothing so much as in personal en countei with what he regarded as wrong So it was, perhaps, that when there were no fui ther miners’ wrongs to rediess he went in for politics, and rapidly came to the front as a good fighter, whose instincts were often on the side of fair dealing and fair play. Pei haps, after all, Ins history as the Speaker will survive when the story of his part in the Euieka rebellion has become a doubtful legend. Asa Speaker he stands alone in the Pariia mentaiy records of Australia His power over the refractory members was phenomenal. They knew that he would not permit his dicta to be ques tioned, and they also knew that in almost every Distance his rulings were right. It is not perhaps matter for surprise that a man so constituted did not score any marked successes as a mining investor, and as a matter of fact Mi Lalor was rather distinguished by his persistent adverse fortune in his mining speculations, both in his first and latest investments Mr Lalor’s first gold mining experiences were gained in the Beechwoith district, but early in 1854 he came to Ballarat, being for some at least of the time a mate of Mi Duncan Gillies, our pre sent Premier. They aie understood to have been doing pietty well when the Eureka trouble broke out, in which Lalor took so prominent a part A few vveeks aftei he was in hiding while the Government were offering a large reward for him living or dead Those who remember him then, and who also remember that not long since the As sembly voted him a substantial honor arium in recognition of his distinguished services to the State, will admit that in history even more than in fiction, it is the unlikely which happens It may be noted here that Mr Lalor’s fathei I was for a very considerable time a member of the British House of Com mons, and that he himself had been educated at Trinity College and tiained to the piofession of a civil engineer In a less sensational line of life Mi Lalor might have risen to both eminence and wealth, but for such a life he was undoubtedly unfitted Tun death of an heir to an Imperial throne must always possess a sad m • intei est, but in the case of the Arch duke Rudolf there was the additional element of tragic mystery. His death was piematuie, and of all the medley of stones which reached us as to its cause nearly every one hinted at vio lence.the minors being divided between suicide and muider The cablegrams winch we publish this morning seem to gathet up the leading antecedent facts of one of the saddest tragedies the woild has evei seen The Archduke and the beautiful Baroness Veretua had conceiv ed for each other a passion which first of all overmastered their obligations to social and moial law, and in the end proved stronger than life Uself Those who most surely condemn the sin will be sorely tempted to com nnsei ate the sinnei s The laconic cablegrams leave us in ignoiance of the surrounding circumstances We do not know, foi instance, whether the fatal passion between Rudolf and V erltha was of recent inception, oi whether it w as not that most unmanageable of all idiosynciacies of the heai t, an old love revived And of the shoit but suggestive story which has been flashed to us by the I electric wire, the sadness is so awful that it seems to almost overwhelm the | sin. jA prince in comparative.yoiith and ' health, y heir to' a magnificent future* and having at his call nearly everything which could minister to his comfort and pleasure, and a princess richly endowed with natural beauty, the bar sinister of whose life seems to have been an uncontrollable love for another woman’s husband It was perhaps the case that they had come to the parting of the ways, that further life would have meant inexorable sepai ation, and that, foieseemg this, they deliberately resolved to cut the knot which they could not untie and die together. Of the Baroness Yeretua we heir but little except that she was beautiful and impulsive Of the Arch duke we learn that he gave evidence of becoming in good time a worthy sue cessor of his Imperial father, whose reign has been rendered illustrious by Ins indomitable patience undei personal and national misfortune, and his un tiring persistence in laboring for what he considered to be his people’s good We may well spare any present specu lation over the after development of this Imperial tragedy, and lament, as most of the woild is lamenting, that for this branch of the veneiable House of Hapsburg Ichabod is wntten upon the wall Mr J. W. Kirton, one of the candidates for Ballarat West, will address the elcctois this evening at the new Mining Exchange, nt 8 o'clock The mayor of the city (Cr M'Donald) will preside. Mr Kirton, who is prob ibly know n to the public as the secre tary of the city branch of the ANA, will, it is expected, in his address, explain that his candidature is in no way connected w ith his official position lu the ANA Mr John Murray, one of the candidates for Windermere, announces in another column his withdrawal from the contest The criminal sittings of the Supreme Court in Ballarat will commence to morrow morning, at the Lydiard street Court-house, before His Honor Mr Justice Williams The following prisoners are awaiting tnal Thomas Smith, burglary and robbery, George Powell, forger} ; Frank Osborne, assault and robber}; Henry John T Britten, stealing a lettei the property of the Postmaster General; Henry Ellis Pearce, false pretences, Arthm Phillips, foiger} and uttering; Wil li ini Cuzily, on bill, embezzlement, John Biown, on bail, stealing from the person; and Charles Knight, on bail, stealing from the person The following civil cases are set down for hearing —Garde v Tremearne, Leggo and Sons v Cahill. A somew hat serious buggy accident hap pened yesterday afternoon shortly after 5 o’clock in Sturt street, near the intersection of Gienville street. It appears that Mrs J, J Kelsall, with her sister and a little girl, were diivmg along at a pretty smalt pice, when one of the axles of the trap suddenly snapped near the wheel. The vehicle tilted up and the occupants were thrown out on the road. Mis Kelsall and her companion each sustained a fractured arm, the little girl escaping unhurt The hoise bolted off with the buggy turning into Grenville street, and knocking down a young man who m ide an attempt to stop it. The runaway came to a standstill in Peel street, near Mr Curtis’ establishment, very little fmther damage having been done The suficreis vv ere taken into Mr M Blousteiu’s jewellery establishment, and Dr Morrison was called in inti attended to their injuries A largely attended meeting of the Master Saddlers’Association was held last evening at the Trades’ Hall, to consider the differ ences at present existing in the trade. The president of the association, Mr D Morton, occupied the chair. A deputation consisting of Messrs Ewins, Giahim, Evans, and Porter, officers of the Trades’ Council, at tended and laid their v lews before the meeting. The membeis of the deputation addressed themselves principally to the question of the eight hours Mr Allchiu, sen., remarked that the masters to a min were unanimously in favor of m iintaiumg the eight hours system The president of the society thanked the depu t ition for the trouble they had taken in eu deavoring to help towards an amicable settlement. The deputation briefly replied, and withdrew It was then unanimously resolved, seeing that Mr Purdue had given the half-holiday to Ins employes but refused to close his shop, the master saddlers of Ballarat unanimously acree to close on Friday, 15th inst It was stated that in Horsh ini and Warruambool there was a by law in force by which the majority of tradesmen desirous of having & holiday could compel any tradesman who stood out to close for the holiday. At Warrnambool one shopkeeper who refused to close had been summoned to the police court and fined It was resolved to endeavor to have this prov ision brought into force in Ballarat The officers of the Trades’ Hall Council pro mised to do ever}thing iu their power to assist them in this matter. Mr D M’Kenzie, the well-known caterer of Budge and Lydiard streets made a timely rescue on Sunday afternoon A little bo}, whose name we did not learn, had fallen into the deep water near the steamer audiug at the gvrdens, and was drowning. He had ‘sunk twice when Mr M’Keuzie’s attention was drawn to him as he was struggling in the water That gentleman at once doffed Ins coat and waistcoat, and, jumping into the lake, reached the exhausted youngster as he was sinking for the third time. The half drowned bo} was speedily in the cire of his relatives, little the worse for Ins narrow escape from drowning His parents are natuially deeply grateful to Mr M’Keuzie for Ins prompt and plucky action. The R j v Dr R-ffe, president of the College of the Order of the Holy Ghost, which has just been completed in Sturt street west, on Saturday entertained about 140 workmen at a dinner, to celebrate the completion of the contract. In the course of Ins remarks. Dr Reffe contrasted the condi tion of workmen here and at home, and stated til it at first he had thought that the wages out here weie high and the hours short, but from Ins experience he had found the men out here did more work in a day, and were more willing than those at home. The buildings, which cover about three quarters of an acre, have been erected in about seven weeks at a cost of about T4OOO. Mr IV H H Bacchus, of Pcerawur, is a candidate for the seat in the north riding of Buiiiii}ongshire, rendered vacant by the re-ngnntion of Cr Kenned}. Mr George Farmer, the well-known bacon enrer, of Eureka street, was seriously in jmed on Sunday by being thrown from a buggy on the Navigators road The horse then bolted, and Mrs Farmer and child, who were sitting in the conveyance, were next jeiked on to the road, but they fortunately escaped with a shaking. It has been arranged to select anew site for the butts of the Ballaiat Militia, aud new targets are to be erected. A shed adjoining the premises of the Bal hvrat Boot Manufacturing Company in Dana street, was burnt dgwn on Sund i} morning. The fire is supposed to be the work of an incendiary. The Rev. Joseph E Harrison, the new minister of the Dawson street Congiegational Church, will o inmence Ins labors in Bal larut on the 10th of next month On his aruval in the city he will be entertained at a reception meeting, at winch a number of the leading cleigymen and laity of Ballant will attend and deliver addresses. The rev. gentleman, although only 35 yeirs of age, w«», prior to studying for the ministry, connected with the English press ns a reporter for a long while He is an expert shoithand writer (Pitman’s system), and while following journalism as a pio fessinu he reported tei bahm speeches de lu ered by Lord Salisbury, the Right Hon W E Gladstone, the Right Hon John Bnght, and-other prominent Butish states mon, besides the celebrated Congregation alist. Dr Parker, and a number of well?' known theologians. Pressmen, as a rule, have what are technically known as “ fancy speakers” among those whom they are in the habit of reporting, and the ma jority of English leporters class Mr Glad stone among the orators difficult to “ take,” simply because bis sentences are long and complicated. The Rev. Mr Harrison, how ever, says that he was never confused when following Mr Gladstone in his utterances, and that while his sentences were of more than ordinary length his measured nttennos'and distinct articulation made up for other matters which are considered drawbacks from a reporter’s point of view. On the other band, the rer/gentleman found Dr Parker very_ difficult to report, as his style of oratory is jerky, with no conformity of pace. It may be added that the new minister of the Dawson street Congrega tional Church studied theology at Hackney College. He has been four years m Aus tialia, Ins present charge being at East St. Kilda He is a married man, and has a family of three children. Mr J H Horwood, M.C E., the newly appointed lecturer at the Ballarat School of Mines, as a successor to Mr Dawbarn, will commence duty at the school on Friday next Mr Hoi wood’s duties will comprise lectures on mine surveying and engineering, mechanics (theoretical and applied], techni cal drawing and mithematics The astronomy class which has been re cently started in connection with tne Ob servatory at Mount Pleasant promises to be a success under the able tuition of Mr John Wall The class at present numbers some 26 students, who meet for instruction every Tuesday evening Practical instruction is ilso imparted by Captain Baker to those de sirous of obtaining an insight into the miinu facture of telescopes and other astronomical instruments. A number of excise prosecutions, brought by tho district excise officer, Mr H Yorke Rittray, will be heird at the City Police Court on Friday next In two instincts publicans aie summoned for broaches of the Trades Marks Statute, and m two others for selling liquor having neither the substance or quality of th it asked for Three growers have also been summoned for selling tobacco without licenses. On Tuesday last, Miss Bradshaw, eldest daughter of Mr Edward Bradshaw, of Buninyong, was married to Rev. John Polkinghorne, Wesleyan minister, Tasmania, son of Mr J. Polkinghorne, of Ballarat. The ceremony was performed by Rev. A. R. Edgar, of Geelong, at Alfred Terrace, Lyons street, the residence of the bride, in the presence of the bride and bidegroom’s friends. The bride, who was richly attired, and presented a handsome appearance, was attended by four bridesmaids—Misses Edith and Nellie Bradshaw, and Misses Esther and Annie Polkinghorne. Mr S. L. Bailey was best man The bride was the recipient of many valuable presents. At the wedding breakfast, toasts to “The Queen," “ Newly Married Couple,” “Parents of the Bride and Bridegroom,” and “The Ladies” were duly honored. A number of friends and relatives accompanied the happy pair to the Ballarat West Railway Station, to bid them farewell as they left for Tas mania, their future home. During the week ended 7th inst, the sum of £62,612 was received from the Victorian railways, as against £38,146 10s 9J for the corresponding week in last year A young man named James Sundry, a resi dent of Latrobe afreet, sustained a painful accident yesterday. Whilst working in a stope in the Star of the East mine a qu intity of stuff fell on him, bruising his thigh and sides He was taken to the Hospital mid admitted. The same day a lad named Charles H ill, 14 year of age, whose pirents live aF' Hiscocks, was treated at the institution for a sprained wrist, the result of a full from a horse. Sinclair Falconer, a young in in In mg in Di iimmmid street, was also treated for a scalp wound, caused by a fall, and alcoholism. The Mayor of the City, Mr J. M’Donald, has kindly presented £5 to the swimming club, for competition at their matches next Saturday A temperance meeting was held in the M D Hall, Grenville street, Mr R Duustan presiding Addresses were delivered by Messrs Field and J. Richardson A number of musical selections were rendered during the evening, Mr Lucas playing the organ accompaniments At the close of the meet mg several persons took the pledge. Constables Rogerson and Moore ai rested a young man named G A Spall at Gordon last night on a charge of obtaining goods by means of false pietences from Messrs Allclnn and Morrell, saddlers, ofßallar.it. Pnsoner will be remanded to Ballarat Const ible Rogerson, who has performed good work during the past two years, has been on the look out fur the accused for some days past. A blackguardly action was committed by some persou or persons last night at the rear of the premises of Mr J. J. Graber, the well known wine and spirit merchant During Mr Gruber’s absence the back gate and doors were smeared with filth. This is not the first time that gentleman has been subjected to similar annoyance, and it is to be hoped the police will take cognisance of the matter. A meeting pf Mr M’Vitty’s central com mittee was held at Himilton’s hotel on Saturday afternoon last, Mr Ruffle m the chair. Over 40 gentlemen from all parts of the electorate were present, and good re ports were given of nearly every part, the canvass being deemed perfectly satisfactory. Arrangements were made to continue the canvass and to form committees in several places in addition to those which have been formed The committee considered that Mr M’Vitty’s chances of success were very good. Dr Howard James, who recently passed such a successful examination for M.B , has commenced the practice of his profession in Ballarat He has secured the practice of Dr Serjeant, who has been compelled to leave this city through ill health. Mr John King, fanner, Windermere, is to be banqueted to monow evening, prior to his departure from the district Opportunity will be taken of the occasion to present him with a testimonial. Messrs Elsworth, Walker, and Turpie, J’s.P , presided at the Town Police Court yetterday A large amount of routine bust ness was disposed of Elizabeth Woods pro ceeded against Polly Harvey for assault. Defendant admitted having knocked com pliinant’s bonnet off, beciuse she returned home one night a “ little on,” but no blows w ere struck. The case was dismissed after a considerable amount of evidence had been taken Mrs Harvey was again called to make her bow before the justices by Eliza Hatch ell, who charged hei with assault It was stated that the “skelp” caused com plainant to fall against the brick wall of the residence of Maduue Pitti Defendant informed the bench that Mrs H itchell was “telling stories,” but then a Mrs Smith bounced forward into the judicial arena, and deposed that she hud seen the assault com nutted. This was a clincher, and the bench fined Polly IQs, with 7s 61 costs. The next litigants to appear he fore the rostrum were Eileen Mahony, who proceeded against W. T Stevens for assault in connection with a sewing machine dis putc It was alleged that defendant first looked in the face of complainant, then put his fingers to Ins nose and made what school boys teim a “luiiah,'” and finally pushed her out of a shop into the street Sarah Flood corroborated the evidence of the complainant, and defendant said there was no truth in the testimony given for the prosecution, and asked for an adjournment of the case The bench refused the request, and imposed a hue of 2s 6d, with 5s c sts Constable Gardiner next came forward, and charged William Russ with drunkenness and with assaulting the police in tne execution of their duty. Prisoner pleaded guilty, and was fined 10< for the first offence, and 40s, with 5s costs, for the second The proceed ings arose in connection with the un ceremonious entiy of defendant into the domicile of u Chinaman named Mong Sing A picture-framer named Alex. Tulloch wnis mulct in a penalty of 10s for insulting be havior in Bridge street on Saturday night Two youths, named Franks and Hawkins, lesnlentsof Eureka street, were each fined 20s for fighting in a public place on last Sunday week Mes«rs Hardy and Peirson appeared in the cave Constable Tinkler at this stage waltzed into court with “his Lamb,” whose first name is Elizabeth The charge preferred agunst the meek Eliza by the modest constable was one of using ob scene language in the Main road on Satur day mgnt When presented to the bench on a piece of paper, the words shocked the modesty of the couit, and prisoner, cry mg out “Do you think you on the bench up there understand the difference between good and bad English ?” was bundled into a cell in default of payment of a fine of 20s After breathing tune had been enjoyed by the court and police, five topers were filed in to the circle to answer for their debauchery, and all were dealt with in the usual manner excepting Robeit Priddle, who was sent to gaol for a month for habitual drunkenness. Priddle says the Gong Gong water is brackish consequent on the continued hot weather, and there, therefore, aie only two things for him to do—diink beer or die. John Barton charged Agnes Ferguson with the theft of two £1 notes Mr Paynter appeared for prisoner. Prosecutoi met defendant in the ’Exchange hotel on Satuiday evening, when ■he asked him if he was going to “ shout.” He agreed to do so, and the pair then went down to the Cumberland hotel, Bridge street, and had a dunk each. After paying for the drink, Barton put bis purse, contain ing two £1 notes and some silver, into his w aisteoat pocket, and afterwards found that the whole had been taken from his pocket. Prosecutor was 76 years of age. Constable Gierck gave evidence as to the arrest of tho prisoner. The bench said they did not consider the ev irtence strong enough, and prisoner was discharged. There were a dozen debt cases also dealt with and the court then ad journed. A Millbrook correspondent writing yester day says:—“ There are corners of Victoria like corners of the sister isles that have not been visited by a large percentage of the nearest neighbors A resident of many > ears standing in Ballarat, and whose business premises are adjacent to The Star office, en quired what Ballon was like ‘ You surely must be jesting,’ I said 1 No, really,’ said he; ‘ I have not yet been in Ball in ’ 1 Then,’ I replied, I go as soon and as often as possi bio in future, for a handsomer or denier township Victoria cannot boast of L'ave your medicine chest in Ballarat or Melbourne whilst gravitating to that health restoimg township, and for uvilitv, &o; , from the pteam service to that health reviving spot I doubt if any other suburban line in Victoria can compare with it ’ ’’ The death of another old colonist of up wards of half a century, Mr Roger Toed, at the ripe old age of 86 years (writes our Linton correspondent), took place on Thurs day last He hid been bedridden for a lengthened period, and at last passed out of this life in i quiet sleep The deceased was much icspected. He leaves a widow and one son Sir Charles Givan Duffy has been pre sented with another son The interesting event took place at Villa Marguerite, Nice Sir Charles is 72 years of age An Adelaide telegram says—“ Two brothers were bathing in Torrens Lake at midnight on Saturday The elder returned to the bank, but the younger, named Gustav Adolph Norling, aged 34, was not to be found, and his body has not been recovered —Several boys were bathing at the Murray budge, when one of them, named Ihonias Giddmgs, aged 13, fell off a bo it into deep water and was diowued The body was recovered about an horn afterwards by some aboriginals ” Euphemia Kirkpatrick, a married woman, who lived with her husband, Thomas Kirk patnok, and two childien, at Scotia street, Noith Melbourne, has committed suicide by hanging herself A fatal accident has occurred at Block 14 mine. Broken Hill A young man named Thomas Bagwell fell a hundred feet in the mam shaft, and came astride a bar De ith was instantaneous A magisterial enquiry was held, and the magistrate exonerated the management from all blame. It seems Bag well neglected to place the bar across the opening when leaving the cage at the 200 feet level, and neglecting also to have a light, he stepned back from the level, and fell The Brisbane Young Men’s Christian Asso ciation, which has long been in financi il difficulties, is to be wound up The associa tion has an overdraft of about £BOO, which is guaranteed by 54 gentlemen, who will probably be called upon to discharge this liability. A poll will be taken to-morrow at Moama, for the electoral district of Wilcanma, in the New South Wales Parliament The candidates are—Mr E B L Dickens, pro tectionist, a son of the well known novelist; and Mr C. Fetena, free trader. A Sydney telegram says —“ A number of children in Blackburn street were collecting small wood about the ruins of a house which was being pulled down, when one of the wills fell without warning upon four children and a servant girl. One child named Amy LuHiborough, aged seven years, sustained such severe internal injuries that she is not expected to recover, and Robert Neaves, a lad of 11, was severely injured —The plasterers’ strike is still unsettled About 125 men drew strike pay on Saturday, and 35 are working at the increased wage de manded by the society. An expression of sympathy has been received by the operative plasterers from the Melbourne branch. The communication states that the plasterers in Melbourne are receiving higher wages than those in Sydney.” A Sydney telegram published in last even mg’s Heiald says-—“ Walter Hiwkms, 27, a theatrical super , was charged to day with impersonation and also with attempting it at Saturday’s elections Ho was remanded on bail of £4OO —Mr Huntly, representing a Melbourne and Sydney syndicate, has arranged for an interview with the Mayor to explain to him a proposal for constructing tram lines in Park street and William street, Sydney, and Harris street. Ultimo, and the Mly or will submit the matter for the council’s consideration —James Mason, alias Dempsey, under committal for trial in Mel bourne on a charge of robbery in company, but who levanted from his bail, was arrested heie, and lemanded to the Victorian capital to-day —Tins morning, at Armidale, a fire destroyed the Courthouse hotel and hve other buildings, doing damage to the extent of £5OOO ” 