The Ladies' Gallery.* CHAPTER XXX. BY JUSTIN M'CARTHY, M.P., AND MRS. CAMPHELL P[?]AND. Fortune befriended the stranges in their efforts to throw dust in the keen eyes of Miss Philippa Dell. Philippa was a young literary, worker who professionally cultivated the emo- tkms, and never lost aa opportunity of being harrowed. In her worst griefs she had always consoled herself with the reflection that the more she suffered the better she qualified herself as a novelist; and to be a famous novelist was Philippe's dearest ambition. That day, when she entered the queer little sitting-room whioh she oalled her workshop, after taking leave of Lady Strange aad Berenioe, she found a new emotion awaiting her—not by any means a pleasant emotion—which had the effect of absorbing her thoughts and driving from them for the moment Berenioe aad her romance. It must be explained, since for lack of oppor tunity or information Richard Ransom has)ailed to do so, that three years previously Philippa Dell had lost her mother—her only near rela tion—and had been left, at the age of two-and twenty, absolutely uncontrolled, with a small fortune of two hundred a year, a passion for and some experience in seribbUag, a very in dependent spirit, aad an ardent desire to lead the life of an artistio worker and to dwell among the London Bohemians. She had refused, there fore, with a great many pretty speeches, the offer whioh Sir Anthony and Lady Strange made her of a home with them in the lane off Lombard-street. Fhilippa did not object to the lane or to Lombard-street. She bad no oraving after the haunts of fashion. She thought the City orginal aad picturesque on the whole, and was always regretting that she had not been born a man and trained to the law, that she might have had chambers in linooln's Inn Fields or the Temple. But Strange and Grell's Bank did not present itself to her as a favour able milieu for the accumulation of "copy;" and, when she heard that an artistio friend of hers was looking out for a fellow- workor to share the rent of a flat in Earl's Studios, Fhilippa unhesitatingly decided to east in her lot in the matter of tenement with the artist, and to set up her own workshop in South Ken sington. ISobody oould Bay her nay. It was dear that two hundred a year would not enable her to live in independent luxury, and the artist, whose name was Mrs. Lance, was a ohildleas widow of more than forty, irreproach able in morals and manner*, hardworking and sensible, and altogether as desirable a com panion as Philippa, with her difficult tastes, would be likely to oome across. The plan answered capitally at first. Philippu worked hard. Her New York letter supplied her with an objeot for going into society and paid her dressmaker's bill. Philippa was very proud, and bad firmly declined to let the Stranges supplement her income; but. equally, she was vain and loved clothes. Then she took to fiction; wrote stories for a weekly journal, and vampirised Mrs. Lance when she found her own experience and imagination inadequate. The alliance, however, proved to have its draw backs ; and one of theae was a consumptive, good-looking, and quite estimable brother of Mrh. Lance's—a poet, whp used to visit at tho studio, nnd fell seriously in love with pretty, heartleja Philippa. Philippa was a fir.—not so much from evil motive as from inherent ten dency, and from a keen professional curiosity about all the drama of life. It was another of her rcgrots—humanly, but not professionally — that she had been born with tho analytical temporament, whioh is incapable of losing itself •The rifflit of publication in Queensland of "The Ladle*' Uatlnry" lion been purchased by the Brisbane Newspaper Company, Limited. in genuine passion. Moreover, she was at this time deep in her first three- volume novel, which had a considerable success afterwards at Mudie's; and Philippe belonged to the realistic school of literature in its HowelUan, not its Zolaesque sense, and was convinced that love scenes, to be effective, should be drawn from nature. She was right, as the subscribers to Mudie's showed by the way they asked for her book. The consumptive poet inspired the love* Boenes, and the pubfio liked them. There were people—victims mostly—who, like Hal Clancy, oalled Philippe a vampire, and declared that she deserved the opprobrious name; others, who were not victims and believed no harm of Philippe, said that there were always excuses to be made for novel-writers, or else how oould they write novels P and that, after all, the poor poet had derived considerable inspiration from her in his turn, and that they were fairly quits. The poet was oonsomptive and Philippe was not, which was all the difference. Philippe had a reaction when her book was finished; her proud, independent spirit abated against the sort of intimacy, ana she broke on her half engagement with the poet. That was about the Hal Clancy period. Then there arose a ooldness between Philippe and. Mrs. Lanes, and, though they still shared the suite—they had taken it for a term of seven years— they did not care so muoh for eaoh other's society. ■ Fhilippa went more to the bank and paid visits among her friends, aad Mrs. Lance was busy all day with her models and went to artistio parties in the evenings. In the spring of this year Mrs. Lance left her rooms, and went to mako sketches and nurse her sick brother on tho Riviera. Fhilippa did not in the least realise that she had given Mr. Wildron—that was the poet's name--his death warrant. Bhe had never taken his occasional slight cough and hectio complexion seriously. When Mrs. Lance reproached ncr, she only said thai she had never meant any harm, and that poets always exaggerated their feelings, and were proverbial for the readiness with which they fell in love, and the facility with whioh they transferred their emotions from one object to another. " There was Byron, you know," Philippe ooncluded, " and Goethe, and Keats only he hadn't time to change, poor man!" " Keats died," Mrs. Lance said grimly. "But it wasn't Fanny Brawn who killod Keats; it was a reviewer," declared Philippe, probably ignorant of hard facts and crushing evidence. " I did not mean any harm," she pleaded. " I always told him exactly what I was, and he chose to ran the risk. He used to say suoh nice poetic things, and I did try my best to make myself fall in love with him. The hook would have been muoh more real if I had," pursued Philippe, candidly. "But it it wasn't ray fault if I failed. I can't help my temperament. It's very hard that one can't experimentalise on oneself without hurting other people." Mrs. Laaea went away, and her rooms ware temporarily occupied by aa elderly unattractive spinster, a relation of the artist's, but quite inartistio, and devoted to Dorcas mertingM, and with whom Philippe had no affinities. That Was partly why Philippe came to be so often at the bank—perhaps to poor Tony's undoing. The new emotion whioh disturbed Philippa was caused by a letter from Mrs. Lanes. The latter was dated from Olion above Montreux, whither Mr*. Lance had gone with her sick brother. The poet was very ill. Dr. Muret pronounced that his days were numbered. There was nothing hut to make them as happy as might be. He was quite resigned to his fare.: He was, however, deeply oono: mod lest Fhilippa should blame herself r and imagine that it had been caused by his love disappointment. The doctor had made it clear to both brother and sister that he oould not have lived under any conditions, aad this Mrs. Lance was honest enough to tell Fhilippa. He was glad now poor post!—that Philippa had not oared for him. But he had an intense wish to see her •gain—not a morbid desire whioh might make suoh a meeting difficult for her—so Mrs. Lance wrote—but a tender friendly longing for her companionship, and a keen wish to remove any painful impression whioh the thought of him mightleaveonher mind. Would Phuippa oome and give him this last gratißoation ? Mrs. Lance appeared to have oast aside her resent ment, and wrote in simple womanly appeal, with a matter-of-fact regard for Philippe's own tastes and convenience that touched the girl deeply. She need not be afraid of being too melancholy. Henry Wildron was never sad, and enjoyed every little amusement. There were boautif il views to be sketched. There wero some pleasant people at the hotel. Somo of the tourists were quite farcical. There was an abundance of material whioh would be per fectly new to Fhilippa. Philippa dashed off an impulsive telegram, scarcely able to sec the words she wrote through her rain of tears—" I will oome at onoe ;" and set about making her .preparations, crying all the while, tern with remorse, seeing her own conduct in its blackest aspect; yet, through all, conscious of a secret, guilty, and wholly, artistio interest, for whioh she hated herself, in the drama of the situation. Tho family at the bank mot at early breakfast the next morning, all weighted und solemnised by tbe tremendous docisiou of the night before; all resolved to face an inevitable fat) in the happiett Bpirit; all secretly hugging the assur ance they had given themselves and each other, that this fate was tho best that could befall, yet all dreading any allusion to the subject of whioh their minds wero full; all bewildered,' anxious, and uncertain what the next step would be. Philippa's note, tolling of her impending departure, was a weloome relief to every cne, except Tony. Philippa wrote vaguely, though there was an emotional atmosphere, so to apeak, about the wordingof her announcement which exasperated poor Tony. Philippa had her own reasons for reserve. She had never confided the Wildron epieode to the Strange*, who lived iv a different groove, aud wero not likely to hear of it in any other quarter. " What does she mean P" said Sir Anthony in perplexity, handing baok tho noto to Ludy Strange, who bad first read it aloud and thon pasted it on to him. "Can it be Mrs. Lance who is ill P That one oould understand., Bat why should Fhilippa run off at a day V notice to Switzerland, to help to nurse Mrs. LanOe'a brother, who appears to be on his death-bed ?" "A dying poet," said Lady Strange grimly; "Castle of Chillon; edelweiss; the immortal lake; The Nouyelle Hcloise, and all the rest! You may be sure that Fhilippa sees a mine of copy, and is hurrying off becanae she is afraid of missing the poet's dying speeches. I don't mean to be heartless, Anthony," Lady Btrange added, with a quavering laugh, " and I'm sure I'm very sorry for the poet; but, on the whole, I'm glad that Philippa is going to Switzerland. Things will hare settled down by the time she coasts back." Tony swallowed his coffee, galloped through his fried sole, aad went downstairs oa the plea that he was late for the opening of the bank. Berenioe was spared the ordeal of another coarse of oroea-questioning by Philippa. She dreaded Philippe's keen eyes and Philippe'* intuitions, though there was little likelihood that, in the present ease, Philippe's intuitions wonld divine tbe true state of affairs. Berenice did not know either that Philippa had her own troubles to engross her mind. When the after noon came, and Lady Strange set forth for the Boltoas, Berenice pleaded a headache, aad charged the old lady with her farewolls. Tony was already in the studio. He had arrived a few minutes before. When Lady Btrange entered he was gloomily watching Fhilippa as she packed her despatch-box and sorted the sacred notebooks, " If I stay, I shall allow myself to be angry with you, Philippa; so I shall only just say good-bye. What business havo you to be rushing off in this scare-brained fashion P I know It's only one of your heartless notions. that a dying poet will give you some good nsaterial. I don't understand your modern cold-blooded school. You'd make copyout of me if I were on my death- bed. Why, Fhilippa"—and Lady Strango paused a snoment in astonishment— *' I declare yon have been toying!" "Yes, I have, Aunt Jennie," frankly acknowledged Philippa. " Is it genuine, or is it only artistio, emotion? I have never believed in your tears, Philippa, since that day I came here and found you in auoh a state that I made certain something terrible had happened. And what do yon think, Tony? She was io the middle of a hunting story, aad her heroine's favourite hunter had broken its back in a ditch." " It was a very affecting story," said Tony steatly. " I cried over it myself." "Well, 2 didn't," said Lady Strange. ,f Bnt *ell me, Fhilippa —I shall respect you if won have been crying over Mrs. Lance, or the poor man who is dying, or everi over yourself." "Then respect me, Aunt Jennie." replied Fhilippa with spirit. "I'm fond of Mrs. Lance, and I used to know Mr. Wildron; and I sappose I may be sorry for myself, since my visit to Switzerland is not likely to be a very cheerful one." "Poor thing! poor thing!" Lady Strange •aid, a good deal mollified. "I wish you hadn't to go, Philippa. But perhaps you will we able to bring some comfort to the boy, or to Mrs. Lance. Well, my dear, don't star away longer than yon can help. We shall miss yon hire, more than yon think perhaps." After a few mere parting words the Madly old lady went away. " I shall miss yon—more than you think perhaps," said Tony resolutely. " No, Ton won't, Tony—at least, yon must not* I won't want you to miss me, or to trouble about me at all." "Stuff!" Tony replied bluntly. "Yon know I can't help troubling about yon, as you oall it. If a man is in pain, what's the fun of ceoommending him not to feel any pain*'' "Muoh may be done by effort and self control," Philippa said, with intense gravity of manner, shutting aad looking her despatch box as she spoke. " Miracles can't be done by effort and self control," Tony said sharply; "and nothing short of a miracle will ever change me to you, Fhilippa." " I'm something very short of a miracle, and I could do it, Tony." "Do what?" "Why, of course, do what you talked of— ohange you tome." '' How could you do that!" " Simply by promising to marry you, as you want mo to, and then letting you know in time what sort of girl I really was, and you would ohange towards me fast enouab." "Ob, that's what all girls say; and it's mere affectation on yonr part, Philippa. You talk as if I had only known you since the day before yesterday. Look here, Philippa—and do talk like a reasonable straightforward girl" " Tony, I am never xeasonablo; und just now I don't think I could be quite straight forward to you." '• Yes, you can if you chooso. Well, lam in love with you, and you know it. Will you promise to marry me ? I don't ask you to say when; I only, ask you to say yes. Come!" " My dear Tony, I am not by any means in a marrying mood, or a love-making mood, just now. I won't make lovo, and I don't want to be made love to. My mind isn't that way inclined. I am thinking of very different things; lam thinking of dying people and of Sieving friends. I am Borry lor that poor y. I wish I had known a littlo sooner of all that was to come, and it might have made mo more sensible, porhapu." " Yes—perhaps," enid Tony grimly. " Oh, of course, I know you would think I acted badly in any case," Philippa said, flushing up, and rather glad to have the chance of being angry with somebody or something. " I didn't say anything of the kind. Besides, I was thinking of myself and my own cane. I was thinking that, if you could look into the future now, it might make you inure sensible and mora considerate about mo," Tony doolared in a tragic voice. "Oh, you 9illy young man! you will bo ac happy as a king, whatever I decide upon doing." " You know that's not true—you know I con latter fee nappy witjiont you, Fhilipoa. Come, ha kind to me ', give me an answer." t " Tony, if I am to be kind to yon I mustn't give yon an answer torday- I «•»*think **>ont marrying and giving in marriage to-day.' " tt is auoh suspense," Tony pleaded. " If you insist on my giving you an answer to.day—now, this moment, Tony—l must answer no! I couldn't say anything else to day! My mind wouldn't let me; my mood, if you prefer to call it so, wouldn't let me. lam only in a humour to think about graves and coffins and mourners, and not tbe least in the world inclined for thinking of bridals and orange-blossoms and wedding bells. Bo there it is, Tony. lam serious—quite. Shall I answer >ou now—here, at oaoe, before I go — or will you let me put off the answer P" "Oh, Fhilippa, how oan you be so cruel? Put off the answer, if It must be so, aud take anytime yon liko to think over the thing. I don't want to press you, if you take suoh a View of it, But when yon know how I love you, and when yon have known it all this long time, and you have never sent me away from you—never—l don't see what matter it can make whether you answer me now, or wait until some other day.'' " Dear boy, I don't know why or wherefore, only that so it is with me," Fhilippa said, with a certain tenderness in her voice. "It isn't oaprice, really—not this time, ; at least. Only I couldn't make you any promise now; and, if I decide at all, I must only say no. I couldn't help myself. So let me say good-bye to you in ell kindness*, Tony, aad lot mo go on my sad errand; and we oan talk over this some brighter lime." "Until yon oome back," Tony said; " there oan bo no brighter time for mo." "Foolish youth, is not that what I mean? We can talk over this when I come back. Toe time till then will not be quite gladsome for mo, yon may be sure. Good-byo." " Is that your last word to me P" "My last for the present Yon would not like me to say tho cold one-syllabled word?" " Oh no, no!" "Well, then, good-bye. Yet that is not quite my last word. I have four words more to say. They aro not mine either—not my own, I mean. But you know your Shakspeare, don't youP •Presume not'"—Tony looked angry—"' despair not' "—Tony looked bright. They parted; and, though Tony was miserable, his misery had its mitigation. Berenice saw nothing of Binbian that day. He was close1 ed for some time with Sir Anthony in the little back parlour buhind the Brtners' room. Before he went away ho was produced to Mr. (Jell, one of tbe partners, and had opened an account with the bank. But he would not go up to the private rooms. " I think not to-day," he said shyly and a little awkwardly. "I don't want to seem thrusting myself on Berenioe. I want to give her time; I want to give myself time. It's like a dream—a beautiful happy dream to me— and I'm half frightened of awaking, I'm afraid of hurting or jarring on her before she has got accustomed to the thought of me. I'll leave her alone, Sir Anthony, for a day or two. Now that we've had our talk and settled things I feel easier. Yoa'U tell me what she thinks of what I'te been proposing." They had settled a great deal. It seemed to I Lady Strange that the whole way was made straight. Bir Anthony had to own that it waa Binbian's practical mind whioh had grasped all the details of the. emergency, and had made suggestions for obviating any difficulty aad embarrassment there might be for Berenioe. "I mind only foe her. Sir Anthony." Bin bian had said. " Every thought of my life now is given to her, and to how I can best make up to her. Half last night 1 lay awake thinking of things—where she'd best like to live in Lon don, and the sort of country place I'd buy for her; and there's a villa down on the Thames they've written to me about—she might fancy it for the summer. And then there's carriage*, and furniture, and piotures, and all the things you English people have. I must have the best for her. I want to make a kind of Palace Beautiful for her, I'm not muoh on art and' culture, Sir Anthony, and you'll help me, won't you!' You'll put me in the way of buying what she would like. There's plenty of m-mcy, you know, and they say that with money you oan do anything in England—even make your own climate as you like it. I'd like her never to have to put a wish into words, but to forestall hor fanoies before she had bad time to form them." This speech Sir Anthony reported to Lady Strange; end the old Udy, woo had a fine taste in furnishings and was a oonnoisaenr in' old silver and ohina, saw a pleasant vista open ing out before hor. It was Binbiau's idea that, instead of the trip to tbe Engadine with which Sir Anthony re freshed himself each summer—loitering a day or two at different towns on tho route going and coming, to rummage the bookstalls and hunt up old prints—he, Binbian, should charter the best yacht to be bad for money and invite them all to be his guests, and that they should make an expedition to Holland, where there would be first editions, and old Albreoht Durers, and quaint brasswork to be bought. Binbian bad eohemed it all out in tbe night-watches, and hud rushed off tbe first thing in the morning to got guide-books and maps, and to prime himnelf with information. And then they might go to Deumark, aud perhaps to Norway, if Berenioe aud her peoplo wished. And, as Sir Anthony and Ton)", ho was reminded, must be back at tho bunk by Into Septotnber, there wonld not worn anything so extraordinary in Binbian aud Berenice being married quietly at one of theee foreign places aud continuing tho tour by themselves. By the iirao tbey came back to London, to settle for the winter aud begin the real business of lifo, any talk or wonderment to whioh their union might have given rise wonld have subsided—bo Binbian argued—and it would be easier for Berenice. That was all hia anxiety—that it might be made easy for Bero ui<:e. Berenice fell in with tho plan when it was laid roforo her. In her heart sho thunkod Binbian for haviugmadeSir Anthony the medium of arrange ment and foi1 not consulting her directly. She was grateful to Binbian for not forcing hid bociety upon her. When he was told that she ' approved of .the scheme, kw set about at oaoe putting it into exeeultloa. 'He went down to Portsmouth to ccc a yacht which had been re commended to him, liked it, bought it, and gave orders for a lavish expenditure in making it as luxurious as possible. He did not see Berenioe alone for several days after that strange momentous scene in the library. She had been shrinking with a sort of nervous dread from this first meeting under the altered conditions. His remorse w*» wounding to her soul. She could not bear that he should so humble himself before her. Perhaps that curious intuition in regard to her feelings, whioh seemed a part of his changed nature, helped him to divine the dread, and he met it with the simple truthfulness that, was now to him a religion. He took her hand in both of bis, but at tempted no closer caress. " Berenice," he said wistfully, " it's hard for you, but I want to make it as little hard as I can. The best way of doing that is to try and blot out old things from your remembrance. If I seem to forget you'll know that it's because I remember. The pardon you've given me is a free pardon, my dear?"' .' "There musn't be any thought of pardon now between you and me," she said, her voice faltering. *' Uncle Anthony has told me what you have planned, and I agree most willingly. Thank you for all your goodness and considera tion for me. I thank yon too," she went on, looking at him bravely, " for having given me a little time to myself to think over everything, and to"—she faltered again—" to prepare my self for my new life. I pray that it may be happy for us both. I want to be of some uso to you," she said hurriedly; " I am afraid that I am very ignprant, but you will tell me of {onr schemes: yon will show me how I oan •V' She sat down nervously—they were in the drawing-room. In these days she did not go muoh into her own little sitting-room, which seemed haunted by the ghost of her lost love. Binbian took a chair near her* . , " I have only tho idea of one scheme olear, , he answered; "and that is to turn some of tho public-houses into ooffeo- shops, and make them centres for work among the.poor. Other ideas will grow put of that one, I suppose, and by and-by there'll be Riok Ransom to help and advise. He won't havo been in Perliument.ajl these months for nothing. Berenice, are yon. ooldP" "No—oh no,*'she Baid hastily* . " I thought you seemed to shiver. Well not talk of Bohemes now. There's something I , want to say to you. Oh, my dear, there's so much that's been burning in my heart and on my lips all these years. I've talked to you often in the loneliness and darkness of the night, and I've asked your pardon for the cruel wrongs I've done you, and the angry taunts, thorough brutal words-I've thought of them and re membered—one by one the times have oome up in my mind, and I've been like to break my heart in my despair > But there—l've though t it out since you took me back again, and Fvo fot to see what must be and what mustn't be. t musn't be that I shame you. For that I must make myself seem better than I am. I've got to see that you have lifted me on to a new platform—by your tide, and that I mustn't make* things harder for you J>7 bringing np over and, over again Gregory Florence's ghost." . "Ob," »ie inUr.upted. P That's now I i want you to feel. Let me, forget. Yon. have, so changed. It Is all wiped away and blotted ont. I want it to be forgotten. I want jpu to forget." "That I couldn't and ojaghtn'e to doyV ha' said firmly, "If I oould forget I might go , back agaitt to being the man I was* No, never quite that. It's too fast burned into me. But I daren't let myself forget. I know, though, that it isn't fitiinsr for me to abase myself. Though I have no honour im myself, yon have raised me to honour. I'll try all I can aot to remind you of what is gone. I'll make myi confession, and dm my humble penaaoe to God * and the past shall be between my God and mo." ', ' ' , So the dark chapter was dosed. As Binbian Jo, Gregory Florence was accepted among them ; and no one wished to remember the* he had over been other than what he now was. Exoept for the tricks of manner and the outward reeemblanoe, Berenice oould indeed have found littlo in common between the Gregory Whom she had married and this grave, gentle, gray: haired man, whose overy look aud word con veyed the most reverential consideration for her wishes and feelings. The Stranges and Tony liked him much. Gradually all embarrassment in their relations faded, and Binbian was at his best With them. Ho bad a certain rude force and originality whioh stamped him apart from other m*n, and which blended curiously with his extreme humble-mindedness ana unconsciousness of self. He was not given to much talking, but when he spoke his speech was frank and earnest; and if he showed traces of his wild life in some slight roughnesses and crudities, nothing that he said or did was ever ooarse or jarring. In everything he gave the impression of a man solemnised by a sense of heavy re sponsibility ; and it was olear that ho looked upon bis wealth a? a trust for tho fulfilment of which he bad to render the strictest -account. He kept his simplo hubits, and seemed to shrink from indulgence in any personal luxury as from a sin. But for Berenioe, for her friends, for the poor, uo outlay oould be too lavish. Atono* ment was his religion. There was no com plexity in his character or motives. It was as though the outer evil husk of his nature had beeu suddenly wrenched away and the true primitive man laid bare. As day by day Berenice grew more accus tomed to his distinct and ever kindly presence, there orept over her so stupefying a sense of unreality that sho Bometimes folt aB though physical pain would be welcome —anything that would force her to take a n9w firm grasp on life, and that would rouse her out of this bewildered condition of mind, iv which past und present alike seemed only part of a fevered dream. In some respeots it was perhaps a merci ful condition, for it enabled her to play her part composedly, and to meet ber fate with a gcutlo resignation that might easily have been mis- taken for satisfaction. If Binbtonfeorefteer ing ways were aQ gene, so a)«) Berenice had lost her old impetuous temper.'\ She Was sub dued and gentle with the Stranges and with Tony, To Binbian she waa kind and sweet; and if sometimes a.haunting look, or tone, or gesture, or turn of phrase would bring back her miserable married life, and causi her to start and shiver with a renewed terror, she would resolutely put into force her habit of self dieoipline, wonld plunge info some new subieot, and make him talk on, bravely facing the ghost of her old wretchedness, and reminding herself of Binbian's words. Yes, Gregory Florence was dead, and it was Joseph Binbian who was to be her husband: She interested hdrself In the yacht and the plan of their Voyage, and ill Tony's enthusiasm aud Sir Authony'B placid gratification. Ouce or twioe ehe spoke openly of Ransom, at.d even aikod Biubian if he bad written to tell his friend of what had happened and of their future plans. She wanted Richard I o know. Ik seemed to her that, when Richard knew, the climax of the tragedy would have been reached. It would be no shock to Richard, she told herself. He would be waiting for the news. He would be certain that she would do what ho had told her was her duty. It was what he had wished ; for was not Binbian hi* friend P __ . Binbian wrote. He wrote nipre than odlt, but it was months before his letters reached Ransom. Poor Richard was feverishly roam ing the faoe of the earth—now in Ru«sia, now in the Austrian Tyrol, now at Athens, now at Asia Minor. It was at Smyrna that he read of tho re-marriage of Binbian and Berenice. He had gone into ono of tho Frenchified re staurants on the quay, near tho terminus of the tramway, and he was idly looking over the pages of Galignani. His eyes t uidenly rested on an announcement that made him draw a deep breath. . " The famous millionaire, Mr. Binbian, tho Mackay of Australia, was married last week at the chapel of the English Legation, Copen hagen, to Mrs. Florence, a young widow, and niece of Bir Anthony Strange, the well-known banker of Lombard-street, London." [to bb ooKicnran.l 