FLOATING A LOAN. CHAPTER VI. At this time, the massive form of Bob Billington never crossed the excited mind of the playwright. He seemed to be moving in a pleasant dream, and could only gaze spellbound upon the stage, wrapped up in the movements of the players, and the finanlcer, and everything concerning him, was entirely absent from his thoughts. But a critical period had arrived in the fortunes of the play. The second act did not quite suit the watchful audience, and the close of the act was somewhat coldly received. There were a few cries of "Author" from the curious or the interested, but these were quickly quietened. It was felt that this second act was hardly worthy of the immortal Briggs, not to speak of the seraphic Diggs. Felix experienced a queer heart-sinking, and sought his retired chair once more, too nervous to mix with the critical crowd again. Suddenly he felt a heavy hand on his shoulder, and starting around, hle saw Bob Billington, resplendent in evening dress, " Mr. Billington, its going to fail," said poor Felix, giving expression to tihe one promiinent thought in his mind, a thought which drowned all others. " Is it, by gad ? " said the great financier. I'll take care of that. I've got twenty fellows in the pit and thirty in the gallery, at three-and-sixpence, and if they don't shout themselves hoarse at the finish I'll murder them ! Fail indeed ! You won't find much that Bob Billington has a hand In, fail." Felix was about to protest energetically against Mr. Billington's questionable system ot commanding success, when that gentleman seized him by the arm and led him through a pri\vate door on to the stage, where they were busy arranging the properties for the last act. Felix had broken his hat against the framework of a wing, and nearly tumbled down an open trap door before he reached the staircase that led up to the manager's room. " This way," said Mr. Billington, mounting the creaking steps. The manager's room was a kind of amateur curiosity shop, cramned so full of theatrical odds and ends that it was difficult to turn around in it without bringing some thilng or other to grief and destruction. Felix reached a couch through the maze, and sat down, feeling utterly bewildered. Mr. Blillington busied lhimelf with a bottle of champagne ( he had busied himself with a good many already, to judge by the empty bottles strewn around), and emptied its contents into tumblers. It was Mr. Billington's peculiar idea that nothing worth mentioning was complete in this world without champagne, and plenty of it, so he turned to Felix. " Here, thls'll put some new life into you. Why, you're as pale as a ghost, man ! Drink it up. Jehoshaphat ! There's the curtain up." And away flew Mr. Billiington, after draininlg his tumbler in one gulp. Felix felt too sick and faint with excitement to move ; he lay on the couch, his head whlirling, listening dreamily to the progress of the play as the sounds floated quietly up the staircase and through the open door. A few minutes elapsed, and up came the irrepressible financier again. " Failure, eh ?" he burst out, seizing another bottle of his favourite fluid. " Why, the whole house is shrieking with laughter. Can't see what they're laughing at myself," he added frankly, as he refilled the glasses ; " but I'm not much of a judge of these sorts of things. What do you call it - a comedy, oh ? Well, there's five thousand pounds in it, whatever it is, as sure as I'm a sinner." Away went Bob Billington again, down the staircase. Felix could hear the shouts of approval for himself now ; the play had passed the rubicon ; he was the author of a successful comedy. It was over ; he could hear the tumultuous applause ol the audience ; no need was there for Mr. Billington's fifty claquers ; the critical audience were doing the clapping themselves, and Felix felt a great gladness thrillilng his worn young heart. Mr. Billington again : "Now then, look sharp ; they're shouting for you. You'Ill have to go and show yourself." In vain did Felix protest and point to his shabby appearance. Mr. Billington was equal to every emergency. He picked up his own overcoat from the chair, and before the astonished author could say yea or nay, it was on his back. " There, that'll cover a multitude of sins," said the financier, critically examining his protege's appearance. " Fits you like a glove. Come along," and down the staircase he was unceremoniously dragged. " Now then, go on, and don't make a precious fool of yourself," was Mr. Bllington's parting adjuratlon as he thrust the fortunate playwright on to lthe stage. Felix could remember nothing afterwards but a sea of upturned faces and a deafening noise, and a general desire on his part that the stage would open and swallow him up. He was brought to his senses somewhat abruptly by hearing Mr. Billington's strident tones from the wings. " Come off now, you idiot I" was that worthy's bland admonition. Come off, and don't stand bobbing your head there like animated tombstone !" * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * " How did I come to produce this play ? " said Mr. Billington in reply to Felix's inquiry. He had borne his protege off when the congratulations and hand-shakings were over, to have supper with him, and it was over the oysters that Felix had made the inquiry. " Well, I'll tell you in a few words. I lent Charley Fortescue five thousand on his interest in the theatre, and he couldn't pay me back, poor chap, and so I had a theatre on my hands. And I gave Miss Forsdyke (clever little girl that) your blessed play to read, and she said it was clever, so I got Craven Hill to produce it. I've arranged about the royalty, and, you've got to thank little Forsdyke for bringing you out. And there's somebody else you've got to thank in the whole business, hark, 'e," continued Bob Billington, looking into the fire ; that's Jack - poor little Jack, who went to school with you." After a moment's pause he went on, very business-like again. " You forfeited all rights to this play, you know, out and out. Very sharp work, you think, to keep It dark from you ? No ? Well, business is business, but I won't be hard on a youngster like you. Come and see me tomorrow and you can have flve hundred pounds on account if you want It. You can, by thunder. You've got nothing to complain about, for I've made your fortune." And listen, my boy," continued this coarse, blatant, and most extraordinary man, " when you meet men who tell you that Bob Billington is a born thief, don't you believe them, just for the sake of poor little Jack, you know, who went to school with you." 