The Tourist. A Visit to Tabletop Mountain. By L. G. No. II. In my last letter reference was made to the beautiful building stone obtainable from near Mr. Mitchell's homestead. From the quarries there is a gentle rise to the foot of the mountains, when a narrow gorge is entered, and the upright sides of the cleft rock at about equal distance all the way form the walls of the valley. The rock on the left of the ascent is the boundary line between Tabletop and Gerogery stations. No fence is needed here, as the cliff has a shear drop of some huudreds of feet along most of the line. On nearer view this mighty mass is sent consist of dark-red sand- stone conglomerate. The pebbles that form the rock vary in size from a foot in diameter to course sand cemented together, as if all the hill had been subjected to heat almost to fusing point. So strong is this cement that in many places where the rock has fallen into the valley, the pebbles have divided along the line of cleav- age, one half remaining in the face of the cliff All the stoncs in the conglomerate are smoothly water- worn ; I could not find one angular piece in the exposed surface, with the exception of a quartz stone here and there. All the pebbles are sand- stone, and appear to be fragments of the same rock that is found undisturbed in the quarries just mentioned. The stratification of the cliffs on either side of the valley have the same angle, about 20°, and a common altitude. The rock of each cliff is identical in character, from base to sum- mit, and the valley we are ascending is evidently a breach made through the conglomerate mass by some mighty current of old. Where the detritus of the valley joins the moun- tain walls caves have been hollowed out apparently by the action of water percolating through the rock in its softer parts. A dense sheoak scrub here grows close to the face of the cliff. The excellent shelter afforded makes this a favourite place for lambing sheep. From its altitude it is warmer than the open paddock, and the ewes make themselves comfortably at home in the caves, and there rear their lambs. Most of the caves are perpetually dry and some covered to quite a depth with sheep dropings, showing how much they are used by the sheep. This place always gives the larger percentage of lambs on the run. Only for one drawback the returns would be even greater, for up the face of the cliffs I had noticed white spots. Bringing the glasses to bear upon them, I found they indicated the eyries of the Australian eagle or eaglehawk. Numbers of these noble birds were sailing along the face of the cliffs, or perched on jutting fragments of rock on the edge of the precipice, stood in bold relief against the deep blue sunlit sky- line The poet must have had some such picture in his mind when he said of the eagle — lie clasps thti eiag with crooked haudn ; Close to the guu in lonely lands, Kintr'd with the azure world, he stand*. The wrinkled sea beneath hhri crawls; » lie watche? trow Iris mountain walls, * » V And, like :i tb'.iiiderbolt, he falls. My companion could t-ee little beauty iu the ^ circling eagles. 'iheii fondness for lambs wes against them, and their immense strength of wing and talon rather to be dreaded than admired. To my query as to the weight one would fly with, lie said, 'They can't carry much strychnine, and some shall be ready for them to swoop on to-morow.' As v.e ascend, the path is lost in scrub, and becomes steep and dangerous as the rounded gravel of which the hill is composed roils fromunder the horse's feet. My companion dismounu— his nag, a leggy gray, having t-hown signs of making heavy v eather of the passage, — and leads his horse up the 6lope winding through the scrub. Mourned en a strong cob, sure-footed as a goat, and being something more of a sailor than a horseman, I »^ick to the bhip and follow in his wake. After climbing awhile, we leave the scrub behind audjeome on a round siope of bare conglomerate that crowns the ' ~ ' bald hill. We ride up this, and find ourselves ou the top of the highest hill ,in the breach, with the pulpit rock rising perpendicular on the left, and Morgan's lookout towering over us on the right. A little stonecrop and lichen were the only signs of vegetation on this hill. There it glowed red, bare, and hot in the blazing noontide heat, thousands of feet above the nearest stream. And yet a bed of gravel, that one time rolled to music of the waves, to \\\ hat age did it owe its formation and how came it here r arc questions I ask myself, and also of my guide. I was, perhaps, secretly pleased to find he knew but little of geology, and, to own the truth, I don't know , much ;* still. I do not usually show liow litt'e I know by flashing my hand in the company of ex perts. I fear the fate of the man who described the lobster as a ' red fish that walked backwards.' *? This passed off well until someone who knew \- - . ' more of lobster 6aid it was a good description, only the lobster ' was not a fish, it was not red, and did not walk backwards.' But I like to talk of the science when there's little chance of being tripped up, and ' it is as late to discourse of the 'trilobites of post. Silurian seas' as of the rock oyster of commerce; so said to my companion, 'Here is an'enigma to be solved: * An enormous mass of gravel, cemented and burnt ' to solid rods, a thousand feet thick and some miles long, thrust up higher towards heaven than any hill qi its neighbours. The lo.ver liil s on both sides are mostly plutonic or metamorphic No trace of wave action is shown on these. Yet here we stand on the beach of some ancient sea or mighty lake. That low angle shown in the rough stratification of the pulpit rock marks, in all probability, the dip of the old shore-line. It appears too regular to have been heaved up from below; the debris caused by denudation has been carried, west, and 'from tbe mass exposed in the pits or the flats, miles away, whence the baliast for the railway was taken and where enough remains to ballast all the lines in New South Wa'es. To what age can we assign this ancient shore r Did the water that rounded, smoothed, and packed together this might}' bulk of lesser stones belong to Silurian, Devonian, --r earbonirerous seas : Did labyiin thodonta gambol along its shadows, where* the lonely ferns and conifera; of the coal measures made a pleasant shade, the fringe-finned ganoid fishes of Devonian surges, with bony armour glancing in the sun, dart among its waves, or the ever-teeming water swarm with Silurian trilobites r Hate any shells of the ' Goniatite Listeri,' the 'Megalodon cucul!a;us,' or 'I.ingula Lewisii,' been discovered, or any animal remains that -would, tell tis something of the history of this mountain msssJ' My guide said the only animals that re mained about the mountains were wombats, and, as they were in their holes all day, he did not think they could tell as much ; they were pigheaded things, anyhow, Once he had gone into one of their holes to interview th°m and thought the wombat had the best of it. He had taken a rope to make fast to the wombat's leg, but subsequently concluded the best way to get a wombat out of a hole was to send tome other fellow in after him. As it was very hot, we had better go lor a drink, so down we went and found a nice clear spring in a shady spot, under the pulpit rock. After a rest, ws searched among the rocks to see if we could find any fossils or trace of animal life. I could find neither shell nor bone. My friend was more fortunate ; he returned with an empty fl:it tin box, on which was engraved the legend *? sardines a la huille,' and some fragments of glass, with the inscription ' Bock Beir.' ' These,' he said, 'are the only remains I car find. You know all about geological periods; what old fossil did these belong to, and at what period were they deposited here ?' ' Oh,' I said, ' ask me something hard. Those are relics of the genus picnicker — a modern branch of the great order Bimana — and belong to the post-prandial period, a period mire remarkable for mental aberrations and mystic metempsychosis than metamorphiu geological paradoxes.' He said. ' I wish they'd had enough mental aberra tion to leave a euuple of bottles in that spring, with the corks iu.' We had to leave our nags in the valley and scale the pulpit rock on foot. You cannot expect to get into a pulpit on horseback, although a lot of donkeys manage to scramble up. Perhaps this rock has been named the pulpit for that reason. Anyway, after some trouble we gained the platform of the pulpit. A magnificent view is obtained from this height. To the east, first, gentle valleys, rolling slopes, and cultivated land meet the eye ; then the higher hills of Vic toria, piled range behind range, to the crowning height of the Bogong Mountains, where snow lies two-thirds of the year ; to the south, the smiling vineyards, orchards, and gardens around the pretty town of Albury ; to the west, the railway line, with its passing trains moving noiselessly along, as no sound of wheeis can reach us here, adds another feature of interest. The little hamlet of Gerogery and the Gerogery homestead, though miles away, appear quite ciose : then a lew low hills, and, beyond all, the plains of Jindra and Burruinbuttock. Truly a good land to fall in with, and a pleasant land to see. The most re markable thing in a bird's-eye view from a height like this is the apparent 6mailness of the clearings and patches of cultivated land. The farms look the size of pockethandkerchiefs placed at long dis tances apart in a wilderness of timber ; and this in a thickly-settled district like the borough of Albury, where nearly every acre of land is pur chased, shows ht)w much has jet to be done ere the original wildness of the earth is subdued to the naeds and luxuries of the sons of men that now, widely scattered, are laying the foundations of empires in our island-continent. Now from this pulpit rock I am going to preach a 6ermon. The bedrock is my platform, and the bedrock of truth shall be my text. I have always wished to fill a pulpit for at least once. But my creed is too heterodox and faith too broad to squeeze into the orthodox so-called Christian pulpits. I am too stupid to see the necessity of doctrine that pre vents the various Christian brotherhoods irom praying in the same church. From the bedrock of my pulpit here I look towards Bowna, Wamar gaina, German ton, and other villages. In each the churches are almost as numerous as the worship pers, and ICgannot understand the Christian love that keeps them from bowing the knee to the same God in a heaven-erected fane their united efforts - could raise worthy of the Christian name. But ! no dust of creeds need cramp one's aspira- ! tibns here, on this natural majestic pulpit rock high up in the cloudless blue Australian air, with the mighty panorama of hill, dale, and pUin spread at one's feet, where traces of man show he has begun to subdue the wilderness, and that here will be an abiding place of our race and kindrtd. One's heart swells with pride to think that in all the wide landscape not even the poorest need fear the presence of those gaunt wolves, hunger and co'd, and that The pride to rear an independent shed And give the lips we love unborrowed bread is denied to none. But this elation of hope is some what dashed with fear that in sowing the seeds of empire in this fair land we may not be careful to exel ide the germ of want, which, once rooted in unjust laws and vested wrongs, wilt blossom with sill tliu horrors of older lands, and not all the Churches of all the Christian countries and all their priests and teachers can save us from the depth of woe, want, crime, and misery that make the profound shadows of the boasted nineteeth cjntury civilisation. My brethren, let everyone realise the fact that, though individually he 'may escape the hell on earth created by unjust laws, yet some bound to him by ties of blood are doomed to suffer. For his single self, he had a father and mother. They had a father and mother, and the ever- increasing number, as he traces his genealogy back, will show he drew his life from many diverse streams, and into a6 many channels must the tide of his being again separate as time rolls on. His hope to think his kindred shall be above want cannot so much be helped by trying the impossible task of placing them above the malignant influ ence of unjust laws as in seeking to found our laws ou the bedrock of justice. O. my Australian brethren ! turn for awhile your gaze to where in the Old World your kindred groan in gloomy shade of dark mine, or Hit like melancholy ghosts mid clanking iron and whirling wheels, for a bare pit tance that birely keeps the King of Terrors at arm's length, whilst their lordly fellow worm riots in riches taken as toll for coal stored in the carboniferous era millions of years ere any of his kuidred . were born. Consider why one of our race should have the power to say, ' You sha 1 pay me for the right to use one of God's good gifts.' Is that right based on the bedrock ot justice ? My brethren, in mind staud with me for a moment on this mighty ma« of rounded lesser stones. Let your eye wander over the goodly lands spread out. to the horizon. No streak of water meets the eye. Yet here on the highest pinnacle we have the work of waves under our fett. Let the mind attempt to grasp the measure of Time— the ajons upon aeons of ages that hare been consumed .in building the lovely diversity cf hill and dale which gladden our eyes. Aud- then consider the countless myriads ! of animals that have passed away, each having iu its appointed sphere added its life-work to the - ' ? Trace Nature through her many windings, where '? from quarried rock and s carped stone, she cries a thousand types are gone,' to where srnan — the heir of all the ages, 'the roof and crown of things,' the quintessence of dust, theT paragon of animals- — gathers in one form all types, and boasts him self made in the image of his Maker. Think how many lives in the past are bound up in every acre of these broad lands, and, do what we may in our little day, how many lives in the future must depend ou the same source. Let the mind realise the momentous truth that the earth is the result of all the forces of nature working through the endless cycles of time — the spirit of the great Architect living in every mole cule and shaping all to beauty and u*e. Rever ently thinking over the wonderful crettion of an aere of land, how can any man dare to be-ieve he can buy with g «ld, taken from the land itself, the individual right to any of God's land that has been with such loving-kindness created for all God's creatures? Here is the Bed-rock on which to build our laws : let no man arrogate to himself the ex clusive right to one foot of our common heritage ; but let each have the use and undisturbed posses sion of any portion suitable to his vocation, paying to the State, for the benefit of all, his yearly tribute for the use thereof. Let every Australian help to Ring in the love of truth and right, Ring in tho common Iovj of good. So that the wolf of want may not batten on the bones of his kindred, and the laws of the land we live in be built on the Bed-rock of Truth. Having taken up the collection, let us scramble down from the pulpit and cross over to Morgan's Look-out — (this desperado has given his name to many mountain-tops in this district) — for here the tragic scene of some of his brutal murders was laid, and from the high peak that here bears his name, the arena where he enacted some of his foulest crimes can be seen. Under the cliff there is a wonderful natural arch in the frowning wall of conglomerate ; it measures 100ft across the base and rises some 80ft. in height. It appears to have been the door- way to a stream that at one time issued from the interior of the hil1. We are now on the Gerogery Estate, and follow the conglomerate formation past a rugged valley, called Hell's Hollow, down into a steep glen, some miles away. Here the con- glomerate ends, and an earthy deposit of lime is found. This was at one time extensively worked for building-lime. Traces of many old kilns are seen on the sides of the gullies. It is probably a shell deposit, but so finely comminuted that no trace of the original shape is left. Leaving this gully, we pass over the wel1-kept paddocks of the estate of Messrs. A. and W. Watson. On all sides are signs of careful attention to details of station management. Salt-troughs, neatly protected from rain ; yards carefully cleaned out, so that the wool may catch no stain from old sheep droppings ; trees all ringbarked, and limbs cleared up and burnt; beautiful, gentle slopes, thickly grassed, the acme of pastoral country, meet the eye ; the sheep comfortably camped under the shade trees left, are all in good condition. Some fine cattle of shorthorn breed show by their condition that the country suits them well. The garden at the homestead contains some tine specimens of orange trees upwards of 25 years old ; other handsome fruit and ornamental trees have attained gigantic proportions. The Messrs. Watson are very suc cessful sheepbreeders. Their estate is mostly freehold, and carries over 80,000 sheep. Last year they got Is. l-Jd. for their wool in the grease, and they usually top the local market for fats. Most of the estate is lit for the plough, and would make excellent orchards, vineyards, or farms. The railway line divides the property, and the Gerogery railway sU tion is but two miles from the homestead and IS miles from Albury. The rates charged on the line between Gerogerv and Albury are prohibitive. The people around here cart their produce to Albury by road. The Messrs. Wat6on saved £76 last wool season by using the road instead of rail. The driver of the'loaded wool teams chuckles audibly about the wisdom of our railway authori ties as the empty railway trucks shoot by his lum bering waggon. Gerogery station is a busy pi ice at harvest time. Some thousands of tons of wheat are here put on the line from the agricultural districts of Jindra and Uurrumbottock. It is from here the branch line to Corow a should be made. It would then pass through all agricultural land, and would not be taking the people from their natural market, Albury. [The illustrations we published last week of Tabletop Mountain were from a series of excellent photographs by Burton Brothers, of Albury. — E.p. S.M.] 