THE LADY OF THE LEA. ?A STORY OF THE COUNTRY. : (From tho ' Vanity Fair' Christmas ? Supplements ? '?' (Concluded from yesterday's issue). Chaitee III. : Daring the two or three months which suc ceeded the events just narrated, I endeavourod, .by all the means which lay in my powor to ro movo the impression they had created on my . mind— and failed. Upon inquiry, I found tho Mortons were abroad, but no one seemed to know oxactly , -where, otherwise I should have been tempted to uecuro on introduction in order that I might find gome oluo to tho mysterious Lady of the Lea. In the Cbristmastide of the same year Irccoivedan invitation to spend a fowda-s with the Leslies, old friends of mino, at Norton Towers, their pluco in tho country. On the day 1 was to leave town I was unex pectedly detained, and, missing the express, arrived at Norton Towors lato for dinner, but my frierd Leslie had arranged forme to have a cosy littlo meal in tho breakfast-room, waited upon by Slatter, the butlor, himself. Slatter h.id known mo siuco I was a moro than usually troublcBomo boy; but, forgetting that I had long discarded Eton collars and coat, still frequently addressed mo as 'Mister Bertie.' After an enjoyable, if solitary dinner, relieved by a little chat with Slattor, I roso to sook my room before joining tho other guests who wero staying in tho house. 1 crossed the grand hall, and admired anew its collection of old armour, skins, and trophies of the chase. : I reached the staircase, and placing one hand upon tho bannistor, was about to ascend, when, .looking up, I Baw. descending towards mo, dressed in oxactly the same coaturao as beforo, the fair, girlish, figure which had appeared in my room that night I spent at the Lea. Involuntarily I Btartcd back, involuntarily I ' exclaimed — ' Good God ! you here !' The ghostly lady seemed not to have heard my half-muttered exclamation, for, raising her eyes, she bowed slightly, and passing down the ttaircaso and crossing the hall, she disappeared ? through ono of the doorways which opened on to it. To say that I was dumbfounded is to put it too mildly — I was perfectly paralysed with astonishment. There could be no mistake. As the lady passed me on the stairs in the full light of a banging lamp, I had every opportunity of re cognising those details of drees and feature I remembered so well. Sut why appear to me again, and hore ? Wbb I to be constantly haunted by this charming apparition P So unnerved was I by tho encounter that 1 confess I hurried back to tho room in which I had dined, and besought Slatter to give mo a stiff brandy-and-soda. Slatter looked surprised, but I excused my self on the score of various worries I had ex perienced of late. 'Aye, Master Bertie,' ho replied, 'it's the puce you London gents travel that kills.' Confound his impudence ! — but thero, ono cannot bo Bovcre with an old retainer who hod concealed many a raid o£ mine upon the orchards of Norton Towers, and, later, moro than ono surreptitious rat hunt 'which, discovered, would have brought condign punishment upon tho shoulders of Leslie and myself from tho powers that were in those days. Recovering somowhat, I asked Slatter, in a cusuul, half- joking manner, if ghosts wero ever seen at Norton Towers. Once again I was mot in reply by an amused ciiiilo. ' GhoRtp, Master Betrio! I beg your par tion, sir, if thero wore any ^hogtB about this place I should think you ought to know better thau I should, sir!' Which was truo. After a short delay I started to seek my hostess, Charlie Leslie's pretty wife ; to apolo gise for my late arrival, and to make tho acquaintance of the other visitors staying in the house. I was surprised to find tho drawing-room deserted, but I learned from a servaut that au impromptu dance wub being hold in a largo room which served the purpose of billiard, music, and ball room as occasion demanded. Thither I took my way, and after greeting Mrs. Leslie I was told by her that to make tho evening moro enjoyable several ladies of the house-party had appeared that night iu the fancy costumes they intended to wear at a fancy drees ball to bo hold a fow days later in the country town, to which all Iho local world, had been bidden. Glancing around, I saw this was tho oaso, and admired the effect; but who was that I noticed opposite? ,, For a second time that evening I received a mental shook. There stood the realisation of my vision ! Tho fair apparition whoso acquaintance I had renewed upon the staircase was now within a fow yards of me, apparently engagod in animated conversation with a gentleman in evening dress. My surprise now became couplod with a f hade of annoyance. '?Who is that lady -with powdered hair?' I inquired of my hostess. Following my glanoo, she roplied, ' That ia Mies Morton.' 'Merlon! of course,' I uttored. 'Do you know her?' she continued. 'She and her father aro staying here; they have u lovely place called the Lea at Samniertonon Thames ' Replying that I did not know thorn, and begging for an introduction, I was led across the room by Mrs. Leslie, and in a fow minutes was speaking face to faco with tho ' ghost ' which had haunted mo for mouths. Upon oloser. acquaintance Miss Mertou proved to be no less ohatming and interesting than her appearance had led mo to expect. Our mutual admiration of tho boautios of Siirnmertan quickly made us friends ; but I became moro and more puzzled. Wob my ' ghost ' after all simply a charming, but living;, breathing girl? And had I been tbo victim of a foolish, girlish, and an 'vet rninxnlnined triuk ? I determined to ascertain this. Gently lead ing the conversation to tho Bubjeot of the autumnal beauties of Sunimerton, I asked Minn Morton if eho had been at the Loa during the previous September. 'At tho Lea?' she . unBworcd. 'Oh, no ! my fathor and I woro in theSehwarzwald. Be, you know, on account of paiuful memories, does not care to stay at tho Lea, bo, al though I love the pluco myself, we are seldom there.' My ghost could not have been Miss Merton in propria persona aftor all. . . ; ?. Tho problem was bocoining still moro oqm.' , plei; ??????? . ? ? ^ At that moment Mr. Merton passed oloso to iis ; his daughter called to him to, join us, and introduced me to the owner of tbo Loa. ... After a further conversation, in whiohMr. Merton took part, his daughter reoi iked, to tno,:','WaBit not yqu'.I.inotjpu the staircase , just now P' ' r ?''.''„( i-.. ? ...'.?, On my rcplyirig'iri tho affirmative, Bho con tinued, ' 1 fauoy you seomod to recognise mo ; how could you, in this disguise f' This gavo mo tho opportunity I desired. In a' fow words I made a oloiin broast of it, had mado ray apologies for intruding at The Lea in their absence, and told my story. Again I was mot with smiles and inoredulity. JVUbs Merton assured mo tho costume she was then woaring hud only beon mudo a weok ago ; it had been copied literally in every detail from tho portrait of an anoontress, Lady Dorothy Morton— there was a title iu tho family ? in tboso day*. . -.?'? But I think I scored a point when I re minded Mr. Merton that I had, as she ad mitted, recognised Miea Morton upon tho stairB, dressed in this costume, whioh-ebo had never worn beforo; and I could not have soon tho portrait referred to, as I had only boon to Tho Lea onco, and tKon whon ?' tin house ?was practically Bhut up and in darness. Mr. Merton began to think there was somo thing in tho story, and ended by asking' mo to pay them a vioit next week at Tho Loa, and, 'if I wore valiant enough to accept bio offer, suggested I should 'sloop. again in the sanio chamber ; although',' 'ho' added, dozons of men, including hitnsplf,1 had' from time to'timo passed the night iuthe rooroi'' but no ghost had ever been dreamed of, 'much leca appeared. : '\ '; ;I':v': ' Z eagorly promised to avail myself of his invitation. . 1 wished for nothing better, an I hoped it would give mo the ohanoe of in some way elucidating a mystery which hod given me a considerable amount of anxiety, and which I had hitherto utterly failed to unravel. Chatted IV. A week later found mo oomfortably installed at Tho Lea, this timo a recognised and, I hope, a welcome, guest of Mr. Merton and his daughter, who, by-the-bye, was named Dorothy, after tho ancestress immortiiliuod in the picture I have mentioned. It had been agreed that I was to sleep in tho eamo chamber, and undor, as far as possiblo, tho samo conditions as those existing when I did so beforo. Mr. Merton ncoompaniod mo to my room ?when I retired, and there I found, as before, a cheerful firo blazing in the grate, the same easy chair; and the well-remembered little tablo by its Bide supported the creature com forts it had done on the previous occasion upon whioh I had slept there. Bidding mo stood- night, Mr. Merton left me, after my giving him a promise to report faith fully anything that might occur during the silent hours of the night. When he had left I sat down in my chair, lit my pipe, and ondcavourcd — a difficult task — to culm my somowhat excited nerves. I fixed my guzo on tho spot upon which I hud first seen tho fair apparition ; I concen trated my mind, bb far as I could, upon a wish that it might again pay me a visit ; I made a mental programme, in imagination, of what I should eay and do if it did ; and, with tho blue curls of smoke ascending from my pipe, I waited as calmly as I could tho courso of events. Twelvo o'olock struck ! Then one! — but nothing occurred, and I began to despair. At last I turned my head, tired of watching, and glanced dreamily at the glowing fire. No sooner had I done bo than I becamo aware of tho existence of that same perfume I had noticed when I had made tho first acquaintance of 'my fair ghost,' and ro turning my head towards tho spot X had so long watched in vain, I saw again tho solf eame figure whose unexpected appearance had so startled me months ago. Although I had hoped, and had vainly watched, for ita coming, now that it was hore again my senses fled. Tho questions I had prepared in my mind froze on my lips, I sprang to my feet, and stood pileut and dumbfounded beforo tho un earthly beauty of my visitor. Stay ! for one moment, I thought that after all I might be the victim of a hoax, and Miss Merton had indeed condescended to play a trick upon me, so like her was tho vision I Baw. But, shall X confess it, I had learned to lovo Dorothy Merton. A lover's instincts aro keen, and I quiokly noted minute difference; of fcaturo and expression. It was not tho Dorothy I know and loved. It was tho moviug, if not tho living; embodiment of that Ladv Dorothv whose portrait, hung in tho dining-room, I had carefully studied earlier in the evening. Again I essayed to speak ; to bo met only as before by that gesture, mutely beseeching silenco. Every detail of tho previous scone was re enacted. As I stcod spellbound I saw tho same agonised look of anxiety when the looked cupboard was encountered ; the samo immediate disappearance when I sprung forward to render assistance. Again I was alone in tho room, and, reeling, I clutched tho mnutlcshelf for support, wiping the beaded perspiration from my brow. In a few minutes I had recovered sufficiently to seek Mr. Morton's room, and recount to him what had happened. To sleep in that samo room was to mo ira possiblo that night. I therefore ps9sod tho few remaining hours till day in restlcsa endeavours to slcop in an arm-ohuir in his room. The following morning we took counsel with MiES Merton, and decided upon a course of action. If the apparition had any meaning at all, it was clearly ono in some way connected with tho cupboard — the discovery of whioh appeared to causo my ghostly visitant suoh trouble. We determined, therefore, that it should bo removed, hoping thus to find somo olue to tho mystery— if mystery thero were. With the assistance of a carpenter this was neither a long nor arduous task ; but its re moval, to our surpriso, discovered tho existence of another and much older cupboard, which had been hidden by the comparatively newor one erected in front of it. Tho cupboard was in two partB — an uppor and lower — and tho casing was of finely, carved oak, evidently of tho same period as tho carving which ornamented tho mantolsholf. Tho doors of both the upper and lower com partments ?wevo locked. Mr. Merton directed the carpenter to break them open. Wo felt wo wero on Iho brink of a dis covery. ' , . Breathlessly we awaited tho result. Alas ! wo wero doomed to disappointment. Both cupboards wero absolutely empty ; and, though we sought everywhere, there was no vestigo of a clue to the mystery of tho ghoBtly chamber. ? * ? * * That cupboard fascinated me, and, later in the day, I returned alono to neuron. I carefully examined every ineh of its con struction, and it occurred to mo there was a space botwocn tho uppor and lowor cupboards not accounted for. Proceeding in my investigation, I found the hoard which formed tho lowermost shelf of tho upper cupboard was not tightly fastened down. and Blightly yielded to pressure. Onco more I becamo oxoitod, and my. spirits roeo ; but, before continuing my seuroh, I fetched Mr. Merton to the Bpot, as I wished him to be present and confirm any discovery I might mako. Together we romovod this board, which gave us littlo trouble, and, doing so, disclosed a cavity about 6 inches in depth, which was lined with that mysterious dust whioh always accumulates in such places. Moro than that, wo found within its du9ty spaco a qucerly-carved obony box about IS inches in length. Our exoitemont beoome intense. Wo ro moved tho box to a table in tho room ; but, on endeavouring to open it, found it looked. However, by moaiiB of n chisol tho carpentor had left behind him, wo quickly prized it open. Immediately the chambor became suffusod with th^.iamo delioate porfume whioh had on each ocoaeion heralded the appearance of my ?vision, and had liugorod long aftor its dis appearance. ' '??.?? I am no scientist, and I pretond to give no reason for this— I only state facts. ? It in, however, a question which opens. up a: wido fieldfor speculation. ;??.;.:.? ;. Did. the' vision suggest the perfume contained 'within this anoiont box; or did tho 'latter, eBoaping from tho box, permeate tho atmosphere 'of the room, and suggest to ray brain the vision, my eyeB realised ? The box itself contained littlo; a glove, evidently a lady's ; a fow withored flowers, orumblod to diiBt ; a small sachet— tho origin of tho perfume .whioh had so 'puzzlod us — and. a roll of musty papers aud pnrohinonts. To avoid lengthy details, only interesting to tho legal mind, I need but say theso deeds and papers upon investigation proved, as I had somewhat suspected, that on tho maternal 'side I was descended from tho same aneostors as tho ~ present owner of the Lea, and that thoy entitled mo to considerable property ; of whioh,' ' after a lengthened strugglo, I oventually obtained pos session.' ? '? .- ' ' ?-:. ' » ', ' '?' '' ? *' Long before that- protraotod business was' concluded, however, I had sought and1 Won the hand of the living Dorothy Morton.' ?.''' ''.'' i Why tho ghost of La'dy'lJprothy.shouldhayp appeared only to mo I' cannot imugiuej. save that its doing to led to tho dipcovpry of 'papers, of no earthly valu'o to anyone but'myself. '.' But, it is curious that it was by the irVqroBt accident of circumstances I ever' entered' tho walls of the Loa at all, or over slept inth'dt ohdmber in, whioh others had onjoye^.'suoh ^undisturbed, repose.'' ' ? ? ' '????' ? - ? '?'?*?- ?? ? ^ . . Now, however, Icansny, inroply to;the oft-, put question— . .v'; :'; ..-.,;.,. :,i *?.-] \\-- .}jo-; --. ????' ';Do you bellBve in ghosts?' .nui .-m \»- .r- vn 1 ''' I have only 800tf'orin,*-Hovghost'of Dorothy Morton, , tho Lady of tho, Lea— and, Dorothy, Morton; is ^wifo;11;7; V ?,';:;.''!.'„]$£ £??. '-*'',. ? ''' '.liiii'^'-i'ii.h'^'''1'^'^ «-W'ia in. 