GHOSTS OF THE ORIENT. I nave been in almosi every country in trie world, and everywhere I have found people rrho have, seen and-believed in ghosts. In V\ estern countries, ghosts are generally harm less: but in Asia and Africa they are of a malignant and vicious type. The dread of ghosts is common to all the aboriginal races of India and China, and the only means em ployed to oppose their rancour and mis chievous dispositions is to build sh ines for them and~ to inake them offerings. Any severe illness, nriy epidemic disease, as small pox, cholera, etc., is attributed fo the mali gnancy of certain of these spirits, who must be propitiated" accordingly. In India the man tiger is, perhaps, the most dreaded of all these demon ghosts, for -when a tiger_ has killed a man the tiger is considered safe ironi harm, as the spirit of a man rides upon, his head and guides him clear of danger. Accord ingly, it is believed that the only sure mode of destroying a tiger who has killed many people is to begin by making offerings to the spirits of his. victims, thereby depriving him of their valuable services. " In China the ghosts most propitiated are of those who have met a violent or untimely death, whether by design or by accident. Even women who die in child-bed, or wretches who are hanged for their crimes, are believed to have the same power of causing evil to the living as those who have been tilled, by any other violent causes, including poison, disease, lightning, etc. All these defied spirits are often distinguished by some term denoting the manner, of his death. Thus the tiger ghost is the ghost of a man killed by a tiger; the snake ghost the ghost-of a person who Was killed by a snake. In, Africa the waddy and lightning ghosts are the most common, but the most dreaded spirit is the sifcK-co ghosts, which is reputed by the natives ail implacable spirit. Most" of the deceased persons whose spirit are now wor shipped were the ancestors of some of the aborigines. The ceremonies observed in pro pitiating the ghosts consists mainly of the offerings of fowls, pigs, goats, as well as -of flowers and fruits, of the recitation and sing ing of certain prayers and charms before 'he different shrines.—"2\ew York Mail and Express;" 