" D R I F T . " Washed ashore ! There was a crowd on the beach that morning. A sullen buu struggled through the grey clouds, and looked down upon the scene—a frail spar or two floated out to soa—a dismantled hulk tossed in the distance on the still heaving billows, the remains of a wreck. On the beach the wan sunlight fell upon a ghastly spectacle. From the sand and seaweed where they lay, dead faces looked up, cold and white—eyes whose light of life had gone out last night when the fierce tongues of flame had lit up the strife and torment of sea and air—eves whose last of earth had been that dissolving view of flame, and wreck, and boiling waters. " Here, Steve, lend a hand." " Ocli, it's dead she is entirely. Look at this boy, an' there's breath—life in him. Where's the whisky? Sure an' it'll call back the life, if it's within hearin*." " Here's Charlie. Slake way for Dr. Charlie," some of the men railed outwith that fondness inghe tone which de, noted a general favorite. A young man with a grave and eager lace drew near. The east wind raised blown curly locks from oft a brow white and smooth as a child's. The eyes, brown Mid fearless, seemed to look far into the depths of being, to scan motives, to read the strange hieroglyphics of the human heart. None of those rough men would have lied to Dr. Charlie ; but they would never have owned that it was "because they feared him, but rather because they loved him. He Btoppod by the body of a young woman. " Och, an* she'll niver draw breath again," said one. But Dr. Charlie was not so sure. He aet the men at York in every direction ; he ordered restoratives, he prescribed various remedies, he pot the men to various tasks in the way of rubbing with spirits. But this woman, the only woman saved—for he had detected a faint sign of Jife—what should be done with her Î "She must be taken to the nearest house, thst is all ; and they must take her in," decided Dr. Charlie. The nearest house was a neat little white box, with a bit of a garden in front-, mud tiny walks, bordered with whitewashed oyster shells. All was prim and precise as the mistress, who stood shading her eyes with a thin hand ob the men bore the ghastly bnrden to the gate. Dr. Charlie opened it without pause. "1 counted on your humanity, Miss Hepsy," he said. " If this poor girl's life's to be saved, there's no time to be lost." Miss Hepsy looked at the white, fixed face, the closed*" eyes, with the dim purple shadows beneath, the marble hands folded on the breast, as if death had fixed them there in the act of an eternal prayer. "Poor cre'tur'!" Bhe said; "she's seen heaps of trouble, I'll be bound, but »ho looks as if it was all over now. Come in, come in. I suppose as it's a % matter of life and death, I can't ask ou to wipe your feet on the mat. Î Lor' leas me ! sich a paasle of dirty boots never walked into my house in my life. Ozful dirty, npn folks are, to be cure ] " But Bliss Hepsy, though she longod intensely to wash out the mud tracks at once, controlled her desires, and made herself useful. With a sigh of relief, she saw the men go out, leaving only Dr. Charlie and herself with the still insensible girl. They chafed her hands and forced brandy between her lips. " Why, bless us, she's married ! " cried Miss Hepsy, holding up the left band, where the thin thread of a gold ring glittered. " The poor young thing ! One heart will be sore after her. " " Oh, we'll save her," said Dr. Earnshawe. " There is more flexibility now, and a feeble pulse." Even as he spoke, he had a strange sensation about this girl—as if he were somehow controlling her fate, and briuging her back to a world of sorrow. If those white lips could speak, might they not say, " Let me go—let me glide out of all the ills of life into the great peace of death ?" Perhaps the untravelled glooms and avenues of death might be sweeter to this weary soul than any path of life, and yet he was forcing her back into earth's thorny ways. It seemed but a vagne speculation. Tet this woman appealed to his inmost sympathies as one who had come through great tribulation. A warmer tinge began to hover over the white face. He saw a faint tremble in the golden curve of the eyelids—a pale rose tint touched the lips. Mif& Hepsey had wound up the damp yellow hair into a great ccUthat seemed like a glittering crown. What a rare and lovely face it was, with the beauty of a lilly in the sun ! " I declare if she don't look like one of them ere sculped saints," said Miss Hepsy, admiringly. " She's too pooty to be thrown about on beaches like an old chip." Miss Hepsy talked as if the storm and waves should have had respect for looks 111 their wild frolics, an idea which made Dr. Earnshawe smile. " We'll have her all right in no time," he said, "and as pretty as ever, iu spite of the liberties of the waves, with your good nursing, Bliss Hepsy," and he bowed. "I do hate mortally to be messing over sick vittles, to be sure," said Miss Hepsy; "but—" "A work of mercy," suggested Dr. Charlie ; " and for the expense I'll be responsible." So the maiden' lady's mind was set at rest, and she went down stairs at ouce to concoct something stimulating and nourishing for the invalid. Dr. Earnsliawe remained alone, watching the strange, mysterious process of returning animation. Where had the life gone that was now by sl.»w and subtle changes coming bask to this beautiful casket ? Where had it found an abiding place—to what far realms of earth and air? A stir, a convulsive thrill a broken exclamation disturbed his thoughts. With spasmodic strength the girl raised her head and reached out her hands. The blue eyes, dark with pain and dilated with terror, fixed themselves on Dr. Charlie's face. " Where—where is it ? " she cried. Dr. Earnshawe touched her brow with a carressing touch we give to a child we love. " My poor girl," h 2 asked, "what is it?" rfhc looked at him with a strange terror and a shudder convulsed her frame. Some half uttered word died on the lips which faded once more to their ashen hue. The faint rose tint flitted away from cheek and lip agaiu, and she fell back on the b'.'d in a dead swoon. " Ah, all my work to do over agiin," said Dr. Charlie, with a sigh, as he plied her patiently with more restoratives. " I think I was right about the poor girl. Life has not been all sunshine and roses to her. No wonder she is not in a hurry to coinc back to it. " But she did come back to it in time, she took up the burden, whatever it \\\;>s, at last. Not in the old way, but quietly, and with a deep sigh, she opened lie: - eyes. She did not say a word. '••Now I will leave her to you, Miss Hepsey," Dr. Earnshawe iaid. " With feeding up she'll get on. Don't let her talk much yet awhile. 1 ' '* Lor' bless ye, doctor ! " said Miss Hepsy, bustling about with her bowl of gruel, "why should I want lier to talk : 1 hain't the least curiosity 111 the world. It would be all one to meet me if! she was deaf and dumb, fur as prying and finding out was concerned; not as I'd wish her afflicted, poor thing ! Now, some folks would." *' I know ; it's all right," said the doctor. " I'll call 111 the morning. I must see to the others." The girl's eyes followed liim wistfully as he passed out of the room. Some unspoken question seemed to hover on her lips. "Speak out, if you feel it would ease your mind, ' M ss Hepsy said, aching to know all about her strange guest. " Thank you. I will sleep, ' if yon please," and the wistful eyes closed wearily. But Miss Hepsy saw a slight shudder, and heard the word " others '* repeated. " I reckon* she'6 in a bad way about somebody that was on that "ere boat," Mi s Hepsy decided; " but if she won't speak out free, I. can't help her,,, should think she'd nigh about bu'st up with the thinking that she keeps up, 'thout opening them lips." For the patient Iitterally obeyed the doctors orders, and kept very quiet all day, swallowing all that was offered with alow "Thankyou," and then turning wearily to the wall, as if she never eared to look at anything in the world again. But life, colour and strength came back as surely as if she had ardently prayed for them all, instead of lying there in such stony indifference. " Oh, yes ; she's well enough," Miss Hepsey replied to the doctor's inquiry at the door in the morning ; " and I reckon yon won't find her ihe wuss for talking. Why, she hain't propounded a single question to me, but takes it all as natcral —bein' here—as if I'd raised her. Now, that ain (t in natur'—not as I take it." " Well, she is very weak," Dr. Charlie commenced. ' *' Oh, fiddlesticks," Miss Hepsy said, with an indignaut snifl" ; "if I shoulp wake up in heaven some uiorniug, do you think I'd make no remarks but make out I'd been an angel all iny life ? It's my opinion—" " Don't form a hasty opinion, my dear madam. We'll know in time," interrupted Dr. Earnshawe ; " and, of course, as she's an inmate of your house, I shall feel boupd to tell you what I find out." This was said in a low and confidential tone, that moliBed the lady considerably. The smile that illuminated her thin face was like a ray of bleak wintry sunshine, and she went up before the doctor with some alacrity. * My dear," she said, throwing open the door, "I don't know whether you'll recognise him ag'in, but here's the geptleman who saved your life, by the blessing of God." The young girl raised a pair of sad eyes to Dr. Charlie's face, and seeming to find it pleasant to look at him, did not turn away. A faint color came to her cheek as he took her hand. " What ! sitting up already," he said cheerily. " This speedy recoveiy is a great compliment to my skill." She appeared weak eniugh, though, bolstered up in an old crimson stuffed chair, her dclicate face looking like a clear-cut white cameo against it. Miss Hepsy had done her best with the blue merino dress, but it looked old and woru, with carefully darned places here and then*. " I must get well," she said. " I have no time to be sick." s '"Notime! Ah, we all take time for that." . " I wish to God I had died!" exclaimed the girl with a violence that made Dr. Earnshawe start aud drop her hand. He was glad that Miss Hepsy had gone out of the room. But by a great effort the girl calmed herself. She looked like a girl in spite of the glittering thread of gold on her finger which proclaimed her a married woman. " Excuse me, doctor ; you have been kind to me—you meant it for kindness ; but never mind, tell mc about the others." "You had better not talk of those terrible scenes yet," Dr.. Charlie said calmly ; " the mere memory of such a shock is enough to unsettle you." " You must tell me ; I shall not get well if you don't," she said nervously, and Dr. Charlie thought she was anxious about lier husband. '* Was any one dear to you on board ? " he inquired. A strange look flitted across the beautiful face. " My husband was there." Ah, here was a task for the new doctor. How could he break the terrible news to this poor young wife ? He kuew that not one of the four meu saved could be her husband ; he had seen them all that morning, aud kuew all about them. " Wiiat was his name ?" * " Never mind ; don't ask me yet ; but tell mc how soon I shall be able to move. I have no money. I can never pay this good woman for her care. I cannot afford to rest. How soon can I go ? " Dr. Charlie felt such an infinite pity overcome him as he louked at the frail creature lying in the cliair that he could hardly speak. " You must not talk of moving," he said ; *' it would be death, When you are able—I—you saw, I suppose—" hesitatingly. "Oh, yes ; but t must get away fr »m here," the girl said, in a nervous way, clasping lier thin white hands loge'her with a sort of repression of inward pain which the gentleman felt with a thrill of sympathy. " Promise me to be content for one week, and we will see," said Dr. Charlie, and he hoped much for that week. At the end of it, Dr. Charlie came iu with bis usuiil cherry laugh. "Well, Miss Hepsy," he cried out, " all the patients from the wreck are off ray hands but this one. J saw the last fellow off with his mother just now. Oil, how phe hung around his ncck aud thanked mc ! " " Did they all go off with friends ? " said a low voice from the window. The doctor thought it must le as a death knell to her hopes when he s:i;d.— "Yes." » Miss Ilcpsy bustl d down to get tea, and the doctor sat silently waiting to think of sonic word of comfort, but the woman broke the silence. " I know what 3-ou are thinking about," she said ; but you are mistaken. L am glad—glad ! " The:i the doctor was too much surprised to speak. " Perhaps you have i;cvcr heard in this favoured country of husbands who are br.ites," she went 011 rapidly; " mencowards, who vent every malignant fuel- J ilisï, every disappointment on the p >or wuttuti whom the la it' has çiven llmm. Talk 0!' slavery as the iin^lish do—there are 110 worse slaves 1 lin.il most of the nires of their working men. I know— I liavo eudured it for two 3 ears. Ah, it is over—lam free ! " " But," sail Dr. Charlie, still hesitating. " excuse me—you do not speak like the wife of a working man—your language—" • r I will tell you all. You have been kind to uie," said the poor creature, lier cheeks flushed, aud her eyes glittering with excitement. " I shall feel better to talk to some one. I have had some education, but I've always been miserably poor. The first I can recollect is living in one of those tenement houses in London—in a stuffy, close room, where we cookcd and slept. My mother sewed half the night, but she taught me. She had seen better days, but hud run away to marry a dissipated and improvident man. She was a widow, and her friends had cast her off. I remember one dreadful November day when a kind, of sleety rain was falling. We had no fire, and the sharp wind crept through every crack aud pinched us with cold. I think my mother must have been in a despairing mood for days, but it liad made no great impression on my childish mind. I stood at (he window, drearily looking out at the puddles of slush and water, and the drippings from the worm-eaten gutters that made dirty dimples iu them now and then. Oh, how it all comes back to me to-day ! My mother came toward me. "'Here, Nell,' she said, 'put this shawl about you, for you look nigh clemmed with cold.' • * And what will you do, mother ? ' I asked, for she was taking the shawl from about her own shoulders. * Oh, I'm warm enough,' she answered. * I feel as if I had fire in my veins; beside, I'm going to drink this, and I'll never feel cold again.' " She was dropping some dark stuff out of a vial when s>he said this, aud I cried out,— " ' Give me some too, mother, of the wonderful stuff.' "But she smiled—oh, such a bitter smile ! I felt, child as I was, that something was wrong, and I watched her, half afraid, as Bhe sat silent for a time with her head on her hand. Then I heard her say,— " « Poor little Nell—paor little Neil ! ' "She often said such pitying words, but something in the tone then seemed to stir my heart. I ran over to her, and leaned on her knee. She looked white and sick. " " You've got an aunt, child, Bhe muttered. " ' Well, I don't care,' I answered. ' I don't want her.' " ' But you will want her, dear,- aud— I think—shell forgive you then—wheu I'm gone—people can't be angry with the dead—I believe—and she's very comfortable—you'll be better off' "Then I noticed the change in my mother's face—the strange, convulsed, new face that seemed to have taken the place of the dear familiar one, and my scrcams of grief and terror brought in crowd. But I m;ike ray story too lonj She was dead ! dead by her own hand ! The dark drops were laudanum. Don't think she was a sinner," cried the girl, fiercely, turning on the doctor ; " don't judge her." " I will not, 1 assure you. God for bid," said Dr.Charlie. "Do not go on " I will make the rost short," she said. " I went to my aunt's—a "grim, iron-grey old maid. She had been once on the eve of being married, and had even her wedding dress made, when the gentleman found his courage fail, and left for part; unknown. Her fierceness against the other .sex amounted to insanity. " ' No followers, girl,' she said sternly, when I first went to her. " I was only twelve and did not under stand what she meant, but as I grew older she made the matter plain in many a tirade aud lecture. I had a miserable life of it, bute, en so I should not have left it for—" here the voice stopped for a moment. "Oh, let me get over it," slic Went on impatiently, "i had to work hard enough, but Ï had enough to eftt, and I ought to have been happy, ' 1 with some scorn iu the tones. "One day I happened to be caught in the raiu. A youn man who—well, who had expressed some admiration for me, overtook me, and held an umbrella over me to iny aunt's door. I ha J never specially cared for Jem Bates— a bettle-broived, black-haired fellow, with awful gloomy 03 es ; but he seemed goodnatured, .and! could not refuse the shelter of his umbrella in a pelting storm. " Oh, how long Tin making this !" My aunt met me with a scathing look. " Turn about—tramp !" she screamed. "Is this the end of all I've done for you ?"' and she went on in the most fearful way, raving liko a delirious peceon. "So slic turned me out—out into the fearful storin, and I had not a friend." The doctor exclaimed, " Poor child I" and he never once looked at his watch or thought of his other patients. " But the young man, Jem Bates, was not far off. He soon came back. He had offered himself to me once before, and lie did so again at once, with the rain dripping down on him, aud making little rivulets in his black hair. I was reckless. I said ' Yes' then, though I lind s::id no before, and he too'<c uic to his mother's. As so;n as it could be arranged we were married. Then began for me a hell upon earth. Pa- sionate, stupid, obstinate, cruel—I need not go on. "We set sail for this country, wh^re we hoped to get work. The storm came. I welcomed it as nn angel from God sent to bring me deliverance. Don't shudder or hate me when 1 cell you that. I sprang first into the seething uatcrs. I wanted no life-preserver ; 1 rushed into their friendly, cool arms. You—you brought ine bick. How could you atone for that if you had not brought me the good tidings that my tyrant is gone ?" Poor Nell leaned backwearily in her chair, tired, but with something of ths old pain gone from her pale face. lier pathetic eyes seemed still asking for all she had missed iu life—true hapoiiiess, true love—but her lips were silent. The next moment it was all wiihiu her grasp. Dr. Charlie felt a great tide of love and pity pour into his heart. All his prudeuce was swamped by that flood. The beautiful face li-foi e him shone like one of Raphael's Madonnas ; rosy while it gleamed against the crims-Jii cl;a r. " Let me save you from the storms of life from this time.'' lie said, leauing down and putting his hand softly on the golden hair. ; jSTell looked at him with wide bine eyes. It was an odd i.imo for a proposal j —j'ist after anuounciuy the death of one liusbiind. But Dr. Charlie had never thought oî h» ras a married woman ; she was to him a fair young girl, a waif c ist up by the sea for hiin—his own—bis oc-'an treasure—lie had saved her. Nell look at I113 frank, earnest face, aud shivered a little beneath the fervent glance. "Oh, doctor," she said, "fiud some fresher heart ; mine ha3 gone through so much. I think I can never feel agflin." But Dr. Charlie thought no othcrheart would do as well. Aud wheu Miss Hepsy came up to the door—not to listen, of course, she scorned the action, but to see if anything'were needed—she heard, quite accidentally, these words : "Oh, no ; not more than six months !" Then the patient's voico softly said ; "Sixmonths at least, doctor." "Well, that's mighty queer," Miss Hepsy reflected. "1 wouder if he'»; talking; about his will ? But tliat «iii't a bit like Dr. Charlie, to be insisting on his money." So Nellie Bates stayed iu the liLtle seacoast town, aud found work to do. Indeed, Dr. Charlie had handkerchiefs innumerable to hem, enough to have supplied a whole tribe of baby kickapoos, if savages had ever been pr -judiued by education iu favor of such articles. Miss Hepsy grew more friendly, for Nellie was a charming little person,aud iu the sunshine of happiness grew so bright that she seemed like a sunbeam herself. Still, there were many curious comments on the d;<y of the wedding, especially by disappointed young ladies who had set their capB for Dr. Charlie. "The artful baggage," said one; "do you know, they say she is a widow." " With old Weller, I say, ' Beware of widows,' " her companion replied. " Sakes alive ! how does he know that her husband is really dead ?" Miss Hepsy whispered, iu confidence, to a friend ; " 'twould be mighty inconvenient to have him coming back after a while, 'cos it ain't likely 'h'd have as good manners as that Enoch Arden feller, who jest went off aud died sensibly in the nick of time without saying nothing to nobody." But Dr. Earnshawe had not taken the serions step of marriage without makiug many enquiries and settling the matter to his own satisfaction. He felt a happiness that makes the heart afraid ; still, he trembled at some unseen shadow ; he felt an unreality about it all, as if he were the victim of a strange dream. Yet there àt his firpçide and table sat the beautiful woman he called his wife, growing dearer to him day by day. At last, when baby lips crowed a welcome to him on his return from weary rides, and dimpled baby hands were 4 stretched out to meet biin, he felt almost as if earth had no more bliss to give. To Nellie Earnsliawe this new life was as if the gates of Paradise had opened for her—as if sjje had died in the stormy waves of ocean on that tempestuous night aud awakened iu heaven. She sung about the house like a bird ; she bloomed into, new beauty like a transplanted flower. One night—a night of storm and darkness—she was listening for her husband's step; baby Ciurlic was asleep in his crib ; the lamplight kindled up faint gold gleams on the little rings of flossy hiir that lay 011 his white forehead. ' How cosy and comfortable all looked ! the bright fire, the warm curtains, the pictures ou the wall, while the rain beat against the window and the wind wailed outside. Jane sat thinking of the hard and cruel past, aud how God had lifted her out of it into a pleasant hom«, and given her a goodly heritage. Oh, the bitter, pinching, cruel time ! What a dream it seemed to her now ! She went down to see that the suppertable looked bright—Dr. Charlie must .have, a cup uf hoLcoffee aftér liis ride. coarse iookingmauwasinqyirihgfor 'Che doctor. " He is out," said the girl. Mrs. Earnshawe's face had grown suddenly like the face of a corpse. The man stepped boldly forward. " The mistress will do as well. I will speak to her." The girl was going to expostulate, but Mrs. Earnshawe came forward. " 1 will see the man, Mary," she said in a low voice. " He can leave the message with me." The man shot a fiery glance at her from beneath his black brows, but walked quietly enough into the doctor's office. Once in and the door shut, he turned fiercely upon her with an oath : " Faith, you carry it off bravely, my girl, and you open to the charge of bigamy.', " I—I believed you dead, Jem—as God is in Heaven, I did!" cried J;me. " And dcuced glad you were to believe it, and short mourning you made," the man said, coming up to her with a | threatening gesture, which brought back—oh, so vividly—all the dreadful past. " I thought j'ou were at the bottom, too, or I'd hunted you up long ago ; but I was faithful to your memory,*' with a sneer. Tiie inau had been drinking ; his horrible hot breath X S h™ j Poor Jane ! allthc refinements-of the | present only made the pastjseem more intolerable. She loathed him with dread unutterable. Oh, here's an affectionate welcome after two year's absence. Come, pack up! I want you now. I'v«a lot that, blasted I doctor have you long enough. Yoa can't keep house for him any more. Pack up everything, ami all the spare money you can find. You ought to have wages, you know." Was the solid earth slipping away beneat. her feet ? Was a thick curtain of darkness let down over the world ? Poor Jane grasped the arm of the chair to steady herself, for all seemed reeling around lier. She felt as if death itself had grasped her heart with an icy hand, and she hoped it might be so. Oh, if lite could indeed go out now before she must go back to that horrible existence and leave all she loved behind ! But de:ith did not come. She felt life throbbing _ again - tremulously . in her veins ; , \- _: : 1 :c -il il. ' she felt a ringing iu her ears, as if all the | balls of the churches far away were tolling j for her dead hopes. She faltered— | What do you ask, J»iu ? You do not I want me—I am a burden—you have often said it—let mc be in peacc." I , lW „ „ . . • i . m • • • l ' \\\ oil, this » virtue ! Th.» is my satntea , Nell! v«ll! And And you'd v,.„ lire 11, that nt way, »-„„H would you, you baggage ?" and he swore a terrible 0:1th. " Come, iny principles won'tallow it. I ain't sunk so low j et. You thought L was dead ? You «ante I to think so, I dare say ; but if you believed it, the alfair isn't so bad as it might be ; but if you bought me off now and stayed, do you know what you would be, my girl ?" Nell shuddéred. She felt the truth, but right aud wrong were strangely confused in her mind. To go back to squalor, misery and blows with this brute, could not seem right ; to stay whore all her best hopes, her love, lier life were treasured, could not seem wrong. She had a vision of her love, her darling, with his fond eyes looking down at her, and his white forehead and brown curls, that she knew by heart. Oh, if she could only spring to those arms and die there 1 And her baby—her Prince Charlie—she could not speak of htm. She trembled lest his baby cry should reach the ear of her companion, and awaken a torrent of coarse invective and blasphemy. She could not leave him—«he would not. She would fly to the ends of Jhe eWth, 3ind! would" work foirliïmiUl "&ê r jâMp|èÇâe'aâ'; first. ..V '' This was the first gleam of hope—that entcre l the poor womau's mind. She coidd not stay where she was. This fierce, gloomy-eyed man could claim her, body aud soul — 'twas so nominated in the b nd—but she would elude him, and find at least peace, if not happiness, in some obscure corner in the world. The rain beat down sullenly now, and a wild wind shook the tree tops. Mrs. Earnshawe trcmbhd at the sounds. If the doctor caine now—oh, how would the parting be ! " Where are you staying, Jem?" she asked. " A* the Cjttage Hotel ; rather low, eh ? Well, I like it low. I'm low myself." "I'll meet you there— " No, y< u don't. I'll keep au eye on you, iny lady." 'C.in't you trust me, Jem?" Nellie said, quaking with fear. *' You know 1 can't stay here. If I don't meet you at ten, come here in the inorning. I give you leave. Come and claim ine then. I only want to do thing3 quietly. I expect Dr. Earnshawe every minnte, aud then what an awful scene. I cannot bear it. You must go now. I must have a little time to myself," "To pack up, eh ? Oh, very well—I'm agreeable. Pack up a good deal ; I'll allow every convenience for that- operation. I think I've got you sure enough, for the law's on my side," and the burly fellow staggered to his feet with a parting oath by way cf benediction. Jane did not stop long. She rushed up stairs, and began putting her things together with frantic haste, Tri^ QbtrU* woke up and began to watcli his mo'her with laughingblue eyes.as if all her morements were part of a play cnacted for his benefit. S!:o iId she write a line to explain ? No, there was no time for that. She could send a few lines from the next stopping placc. Oh, how desolate her darling would be wheu he came to his lonely home that night—wife aud child both <rone ! 1 . ij 1 "I i j She took, up an old photograph nnd kissed it again and again In all ber frantic hurry she took time for that. She looked aro'md the pretty room full of beautiful tokens of his love with freiz : ed eyes—so pure andfresh it was—a lily of a room. the thought of the bare, cold places that must foon be her home—the toiling, empty life that awaited her ; and she felt forced to cry out, as one of old : "My God, my God, way hast Thou forsaken me y She did not take many things, only useful and plain clothing. She could not bear to take the pre'tv ornaments her darling had given her from time to time. She could remember so well t'ie happy scenes which each recalled. Hal it all been a drc- am, or was this last a frightful nightmare, from nvhicîi she should a»vake soon in an ecstacy of joy and peace ? Baby Charlie's hat and coat now ! O::, how the storm peltfed against the window ; How would she shield the dai ling in the pitiless blast ? But a dark aud stormy iiîghfc was all the batter for thier flight;. of them to any inquiry- ~ " Hark ! Thêbloodstoodstîll in lier vcins. _ It was—it was the key in the door—a sound that always set. her heait beating It bounded now not with the old joy, but with a sudden and awful terror ; but she went down Dr. Charlie and other»-» group oî | men What had happened ? He did not see her, but was giving orders: 'Poor fellow, its all over with hini. I rcckon that pair of horses tramped the life out of him at once : but bring him in, and I'll do what I can." Then glancing np, he saw the pale face, as white as à ghost's, looking dowr. "Oh, Nei:i >, keer. away." he called out ; " a man has been run over, and I was forced to bring him here." But the full light of the hall lamp fell on the mans bloated face as they carried him in. The black brows, the closed eyes, the purple lips, Nellie knew well,}and she knew that her deliverane had come. For ' the (ioctor said softly and reverently— " He is dead." His wifeflfoicup to baby Charlie's bedside, aud fainted away, with a prayer of thanksgiving on her lips. 