MISS FINEELSTEIN. LIFE mores slowly in Eastern notions. A pho tograph of life to-day in Egypt or in Syria would simply reproduce the same figures and scenes of the time of the Fharo&hs.; After eighteen centuries the home life of Jesus, and his whole entourage, can be reproduced as realistically as by photography and with more colpr. Those eurroundioge of the great ?exemplar of Humanity are interesting Ja all, to Christians of all sects, and to agnostics as well. Miss Yon Finkelstein is no propagandist of any doctrine; slie simply illustrates the historical accuracy of Bible history, apart from its miraculous presentations. She does not pro duce the whale thai swallowed Jonah, nor the " loaves and fishes/' nor the eun standing still; nor any of the ghosts that walked about Jeru salem after the crucifixion. She shows things and persons as they now are in Palestine, and especially in Jerusalem. There are many erro neous opinions regarding many sayings and events in the New Testament. The saying that " it was easier for a camel to pass through the eye of a needle than for a rich man to. enter Heaven" was generally understood for many ages to mean the " eye of a needle" and the animal " camel." A later opinion maintained that "camel" in the Syro-Ohaldaic-the lan guage which Jesus spoke, meant a thick "rope." But Miss Finkelstein shows that the " eye of the needle " was a gate in Jerusalem, which would allow only a man to pass through. The ab sence of the definite article before "needle" may be urged against this interpretation. Not withstanding the threatening rain and the absence of our army in Townsville, a crowded house greeted Miss Ton Finkelstein in the School of Arts last night. The subject of her lecture was " Tillage Life in Palestine." Miss ron Finkelstein lias a fine presence and a vivacious manner. There is a slight soupgon of a forage accent, and occasionally a thicken ing of the aspirate. She was dressed gorgeo usly in the costume of a married woman. The scene represents the interior of a tent, with the priest, the shepherd, a maiden, and a bride, in the dress of tfie country. Various scenes from Bible history from the Old and New Testament, were represented most graphically, and were warmly greeted by tbe audience. No doubt the manners and customs of the villagers of Palestine to-day illustrate and con firm many sayings of Christ, and no true agnostic would support the absurdities the lecturess quoted. The truthfulness of the every- day life, as depicted in the Bible, -is no proof of the dogmas evolved by the followers so-called-of the Great Master. The subject of to-night's lecture is "Life in Jerusalem,1' and this will bo the last appearance here of Miss von Finkelstein, who returns to-morrow to Townsville. 