Safliolltf 'ISoted. STATES " BCIER^ ABCHY ON FOEBIDDJpT SQPDEOTIS. One of fhV most 'striking charac teristics of oar time is the universal tendency toband together in societies for the promotion, of all sorts of pur poses. This tendency is the natural ouhgrowth of an age of popular rights and representative institutions. It is also in accordance with the spirit of; the Church, whose aim, as indicated by her name, Catholic, is to unite all men in brotherhood. It is consonant also with the spirit of Christ, who came tp break down all walls of division, and to gather all in the one family of the one, heavenly Father. But there are few good things which have not their counterfeits, and few tendencies , which have not their dangers. It is obvious to any re flecting mind that men form bad and rash, as well as good and wise designs; and that they, may band together for currying,out evil or dangerous, as well as laudable and useful purposes. And this-does not-necessarily imply delibe rate malice, because while it is unques tionably true that there are powers at work in the world which deliberately antagonise the cause of Christian truth Uid virtue,, still the evil, or the danger .of purposes and associations need not always spring from so bad a root. Honest bat weak and erring human nature is apt to be so taken up with one aide of a question as to do injustice to the other; to be so enamoured of favorite principles as to carry them to i unjustifiable extremes; tc be so intent upon securing some laudable end as to ignore the rules of prudence, and bring about ruin instead of restoration. But no intention, no matter how honest, can make lawful what is unlawful. For it is a fundamental rule of Christian mprals that "evil must not be dene that good may come of it," and that " the end can never justify the means," if the means are evil. Hence it is the evident duty of every reasonable man, before allowing himself to be drawn into any society, to tnake sure that both its ends and its means are consistent with truth, justice, and conscience. : In making Such a decision every Catholic ought to be convinced that his surest guide is the Church of Christ. She has in her custody the sacred deposit of Christian truth and morals; she haB the experience of all ages and nations; she has at heart the - true welfare of mankind; she has the perpetual guidance of the Holy Ghost in her authoritative decisions. In her teaching and her warnings, therefore, we are sure to hear the voice of wisdom, prudence, justice, and charity. From the hilltop of her divine mission and ber world-wide experience she sees events and their consequences far more clearly than they who are down in the tangled plain of daily life. She has seen associations that were once praiseworthy become pernicious by change of circumstances. She has seen others, which won the admiration of the world by their early achievements, corrupted by power, or passion, or evil guidance, and she has been forced to condemn them. She has beheld associations which had their origin in the spirit of the AgeB of Faith transformed by lapse of time, by loss of faith, and by the manipulation of designing leaders, into open, or hidden enemies of religion and human weaL TbuB our Holy Father, Leo XIXL, has lately shown that the Masonic and kindred societies, although . £be offspring of the ancient guilds ; *ihich aimed at sanctifying trades and A. M tradesmen with the blessings of reli tboogh retaining perhaps inch that tells of the their origin**. ai countries sfp pr i toward th^hnijp tian^jceli^io^Miave, neverthelei&|goijg£ Bp far mMf countries as tovarray? themselves in||rowed hostility against Christianity, Mid against the Catholic Churchy. Jts embodiment; that they virtually aim at substituting a world wide fraternity of their own for the universal {^-qfherhood of JeBus Christ, and at disseminating mere naturalism for the supernatural revealed religion bestowed upon mankind by the Saviour of "the world. He has shown, too, that even in;chiintries where they are as yet; farfrom acknowledging such purposes they, nevertheless, have in them the germs which, under favourable circum stances, would inevitably blossom forth in similar results. The Church, con sequently, forbids her children to have any connection" with such societies, because they are either an open evil to be shunned, or a hidden danger to he avoided. She would fail in her duty if shejdid not speak the wottl of warn ing, BUd her children would equally fail in theirs if they did not heed it. Whenever, therefore, the Church has spoken authoritatively with regard to any society, her decision ought to he final for every Catholic. He ought to know that ithfe Church has• not acted hastily, nor" unwisely, nor mistakenly. He should be convinced that any worldly advantages which he might derive1 from membership in such society would be a poor substitute for the inembership, the sacraments, and the blessibgs of the Church of Christ; he should have the courage of his religious convictions, and stand firm to faith and conscience. But if he be inclined or asked to join a society on which the Church has passed no sen tence, then let him, as a reasonable and Christian man, examine into it care fully, and not join the society until he is satisfied as to its lawful character. There is one characteristic which is always a strong presumption against a society, and that is secrecy. Our Divine Lord Himself has laid down the rule-—" Every one that doth evil hateth the light, and cometh not to the light that his works may not be reproved: but he that doth truth cometh to the light that his works may be made manifest, because they are done in God." When, therefore, associations veil themselves in secrecy and darkness the presumption is against them, and it rests with them to prove that there is nothing evil in them. But if any society's obligations be such as to bind its members to secrecy, even when rightly questioned by com petent authority, then such a society puts itself outside the limits of ap proval, and no one can be a member of it and at the same time be admitted to the Sacraments of the - Catholic Church. The same is true of any organisation that binds its members to a promise of blind obedience to accept in advance and to obey whatsoever orders, lawful or unlawful, that may emanate from its chief authorities; because such a promise is contrary both to reason and to conscience. And if a society works or plots, either openly or secretly, against the Church, or against lawful authorities, then to be a member of it is to be excluded from the membership of ,the Catholic Church. These authoritative rules, therefore, ought to be the guide of all CatholicB in their relations with societies. No Catholic can conscientiously join, or continue in, a body in which he knows that any of these condemned features exist. If he has joined it in good faith, and the objectionable features become known to him afterwards, or if any of those evil elements creep into a society which was originally good, it becomes his duty to leave it at once. And even if he were to suffer loss or run risk by leaving such a society or refusing to join it, he should do his duty and brave the consequences, regardless of human consideration. -byduey JSation. The Pope's Residence and How He Lives.—His Holiness the Pope, we learn from Rome, has now taken np his quarters in the Vatican Gardens—4 that is to say, he still returns to the palace to sleep,but spends at least twelve hours in the little villa known as the ** Casino of Pio IV." This is situated in the loweBt part of the garden^, and is composed of a ground and first floor. A JL In front there is a very elegant covered oval-shaped court with two entrances, with a fountain of pare water S&he; centre, Jjfl® entrance to the Caflb is *by a paRicO, hdv'ihg a second ool in front, ^re Uie Swi Aboard in while twnj^thtyr gnar^s* as 8e|Une\^u>e |at thh enffgnces to the'(icurty|t|d. tr|jpl tjoininjg theportico is a room used/idf the various servants of the court, which communicates with the upperrooms by a staircase. The Holy Father's apart ment s^Iare here, but he has a private entrance from the wood by means of a bridge. These consist of four rooms. The first is used as an entrance-hall, and is hung with yellow damask; to the left, of this is the Throne Room, and a large room which serves as stndy, dimng-ropm, and bedroomforthe Holy Father. 'The Throne Room is nung with red damask, and the other in green silk. To the right of the ehtrahce hall is the chspel. ; Every morning about six o'clock the 'Pope, accom panied by a private participating cham berlain and the private servants, de scends into the garden, where he re mains till sunset. The gardens are guarded by theEwiss Guard,theGend? armes, and 'the Palatine Guard, wbUc in the ante-rooms are the usual number of Noble Guards. This makes a little change for the Holy Father, especially as he is able to walk in the wood without undergoing the fatigue of the long walk from the Vatioan to the gardens, at least a quarter of an hour's walk. Lobd Onslow paid an official visit to St. Patrick's College, Wellington, conducted by the Marist Fathers, a few weeks ago. He waB received by Arch bishop Redwood and the Rector, Father Watters, S.M. In replying to an address presented by the boys after the college had been inspected, he congratulated the students on their success in manly sports, and then referred in complimentary, terms to the college itself. As Governor of this colony he was specially interested in the young men and boys of New Zealand. He was very glad to find that there was not only in New Zealand such an institution as St. Patrick's College, but many, and of different denominations. This was a free and flourishing country, and it was a source of great rejoicing to His Excellency to think that institutions of different denominations flourished to gether in a rivalry tbat was only healthy. Entertaining as he did the greatest feeling of respect for those who differed from him either on re ligious or political matters, it was con soling to find that there was that respect in New Zealand for other people's opinions found in colonists even when they differed from one another. In New Zealand if a man did his duty as a citizen he was treated with respect and admiration. (Cheers.) He trusted that the Fathers of the college would not allow their pupils to forget tbat they sprang from a great race. If the teachers of St. Patrick's College would let them (the pupils) keep it in mind that they sprang from such a stock, then he had no fear for the future of the institution. Three hearty cheers were then given for the Governor, after which His Excellency and the guests were entertained by the Rector in the luncheon room. By His Excellency's request, which is tantamount to a Vice Regal command, the following day was granted by the Very Rev. Dr. Watters, the Rector, as a holiday. Catholic Young Men's Societies of Great Britain.— The delegates representing tbe various young men's societies of the Catholic communion in Great Britain met in Hull on Saturday, under the presidency of the Bishop of Middlesbrough, to hold their annual conference. In the evening on Saturday the Mayor (Dr. Sherburo) officially wel comed the delegates at the Town Hall. The actual business of the Con ference was commenced at nine o'clock on Sunday morning, when the delegates met in the Catholic Institute for the transaction of formal business, arrange ment . of committees, the reading of statistics, and reports of societies. The Secretary (Mr. A. Quinn, Discard) read tbe reports of the various societies, which on the whole showed a gratifying increase of membership, that of Hull having had an increase of 139 during the year. On the motion of Mr. Mochan (Glasgow), seconded by Mr. Colyin (Glasgow), it was resolved that the conference of 1890 should meet in Glasgow. The various committees of the Conference held their meetings in ihe afternoon at the Catholic Institute. In the first committee, presided over by Mr. Hainstock, a paper "The Temporal Power of the Pope" was read by Mr. J. Sparrow, LL.D.; another, on te Prospects of Catholic Progress Dangers Ahead," by Mr. W. H. "7 B..^(London); and a third, on _ il Iipertjj^and Authority*! with ial reference to the French Revolu tion," by the Rev. M. Maher, S.J. (Stonyhurst College). Mr. R. Gracey occupied the chair at the second com mittee, atwhidh were read essays on "Free Education," by the Bev. F. Cro8s {Garston); " The Injustice to our Catholic Schools," by Mr. M. P. Fitz patrick (Liverpool); and " The Educa tional Value of the Young Men's Society," by the Very Bev. Dean *T&gher; (Dumfries}. The deliberations of the third committee were ruled by Mr. P. Hanlon (Dumfries), and included papers on " The Importance of" the Monthly Guild Meeting," by Mr. T. Cairns (Edinburgh); and " The Rela tions of the Young-Men's Society to other Catholic Bodies," by the Bev. W". Brown (Durhiam). At the Artillery Barracks a public demonstration took place on Monday evening, the Bishop of Middlesbrough presiding. It was estimated that about 2,000 persons were present. Bishop Lanigan On Catholic Benefit Societies.—His Lordship the Bight Rev. Dr. Lanigan, Bishop of Goulbnrn, speaking at Yass on Sunday, expressed himself well pleased with the prosperous state of the Catholic Guild. The Catholic Church was not a mere profession of faith, it was, as Christ made it, one of practice. It was useless to be mere nominal Catholics, and they should be as much concerned about making the members of the Church practical Catholics, as guarding for them the faith. Whilst in all mere secular matters they should be ready to be one with all members of the com munity, they could not be so in regard to societies like the Guild. Whilst receiving temporal benefits, as in other societies, oven supposing that there was nothing in them antagonistic to the Catholic faith they were encouraged by mutual example to practise their religion. In any ease, the fact of ignoring religion must be of itself tending to indifference, and to a neglect of Catholic duty, whilst in the case of the Guild, its very rules led them to carry out the practice of their religion. So much was he convinced of this that men who joined non-Catholic societies, while they had an opportunity of joining a Catholic one were declared by him unfit to be admitted to the sacraments. Thiswas a rule of this diocese, for he had on him the responsibility of doing what he could to promote the Catholic faith and its practice, and he found nothing more effectively promoted the due carry ing out of religious practice than associa tion in a Catholic society. Indeed, with that unsettled state as to religion, or as to what religion is outside the Catholic Church, these societies were required to save men from the common indif ference. Ireland's Influence in the Spread of the Church.—A Protestant writer in the August number of the Con temporary Review pays the follow ing tribute to the religious zeal. of the Irish people:—"Ireland is to the future of Catholicism what England has been to the Protestant world. Ireland has always been the Isle of the Saints, but few Englishmen understand that in the new world which is springing up around us the Irish are the missionary race. In a remarkable sermon which Bishop Vaughan preached many years ago in Borne, he brought out with extra ordinary effect this toe often unnoticed feature of the Irish character. But for the Irish the whole English-speaking world beyond the narrow limits of the Catholic caste in Great Britain would be almost exclusively Protestant. It is owing to Ireland—and to Ireland almost alone—that the Holy See is able to establish its bishoprics in every land where the English tongue is spoken, and to encompass the world with churches not reared in partibus ivfidelium, but in the midst of the house hold of faith. The Irish brogue is as universal as the English language, and wherever there is the brogue there also is the Mass. In Borne there is the great ecclesiastical department of the Propa ganda; but the real Congregation de Propaganda Pide upon which the Catholic Church must depend for main taining its hold upon the coming time is the Irish race with its cradle and its priest." 