TRIP ON THE MURRAY. BY DAVID CHRISTIE MURRAY. II. It was broiling hot when tho steamer touched at Mildura, and wo made, for the time being, an end of our journey. Mildnra, as most Aus tralian people know by this time, is the sccno of one of the most interesting experiments of mouern times, though tho scheme involved is passing rapidly out of tho experimental stage into tho region of accomplished fact. In a few years' time tho district will bo the garden of tho world, though but yesterday, so to say, it was nothing but a barren and scarcely accessible desort. Tho denso raallco scrub, as yet uucon- quered. lies all about tho settlement still, but such wonders of progress havo already been mado that after a week's investigation of tho district ono is tempted to entertain hopes which would have seemed extravagant before hand. A .busy colony, as the clang of metal on metal from the engineering workshops on the wharf testifies immediately to the car of tho new arrival. A colony of sturdy, sun-browned folks, busy, prosperous, assured and hopeful- looking. The offices of the local journal, has tily run up in corrugated iron, stand on the im provised wharf and hold an atmosphere, as I presently discover, like that of a half-cooled oven. Tho weather out of doors is fiery, but the heat has something exhilarating in it, so that your spirits, as well as the mercury in the thermometer, grow expansive. I set out almost immediately in the society of the editor of tho Mildura newspaper to have a first lieneral look nt tbmifR. nnrl nmlmrkpil In ntio of the crauke&t; landcraft, so I am dis. posed to fancy, that ever ran on wheels. It was strong enough for anything, and safe enough for any kiud of travel possible to a wheeled vehicle, but I never experienced any thing liko its motion, and X fervently trust that I never may agaiu. Somo of tho roads are at present in a rather rudimentary state, and the trap or buggy, or whatevor it deserved to bo called, was so hung on springs us to allow of its pitching with tho utmost freedom in every conceivable direction. It was like being in a miniature storm at sea. Agreeable, and even cxhilaratiug possibly fol those who like it, but mightily discomposing to the uninitiated. I told my conductor when the journey was over that many parts of my body had grown so tender iu the course of it that they might have been eaten with a spoon. Through the vast property which lias been made over by the Victorian Governmout to the irrigation colony an avenue 45 miles in length has been driven. This avenue is of an ample aud, indeed, noble width, and will by-and- by boast four separate lines of trees, which will afford complete arches of shade to either side of it. It is a curious thing that even here, where all iutercsts in public works might be supposed to be identical, the cheerful larrikin has been found to amuse himself by uprooting the young plants or destroying the fonccs by which they are protected. In tho main, one Svouid say the population of such a placo should bo 09 orderly and law abiding as any in the world. On each side of the avenue for considerable distances the forest land has bceu entirely cleared. The rich chocolate loam has been subjected to the last process which makes it fit for cultivation. Great areas are already under fruit and vines, and tho irrigation system is already so for complete that nearly 400 square milc9 of country 19 already blc9sed with a, nermani'nt. snffinmnfc anr! wi»11.rfirrnl;itffrt water supply. At first sight the country looks fiat, hut it possesses enough variety of surface to afford the irrigating engineer the different levels necessary for his purpose. All the slightly marked ridges of the laud have been taken advantage of, and thus the construction of elevated canals with their costly embankments has becu avoided. My conductor, an absolute enthusiast with respect to tho capacities of the district, showed mc some amazing instances of the rapidity of growth in this rich soil. Vines have begun to bear in their second year. Shoots of fruit trees planted at the end of September stand already from 2ft. to 3ft. high. The virgin soil 30ft. deep asks nothing but water in this sub-tropic ciimato to become fit to grow almost anything. The lands already plauted have been laid cut by the help of the theodolite, and the growing trees stand in perfect parallelo grams, so that the cultured spaces have a prim and orderly look in curious contrast with tho yet unbroken wilds which stand so near. If :you want to know what aspect the site of these wide orchards wore four years ago you have only to make a journey of nn hour. You will finjl yourself in the midst of a dense malloo scrub interspersed with the wait-a-whilo and carpeted with malice grasses and the spiteful spinifex. One marvels at tho hope which pushed men on originally into a desert so in hospitable aod so difficult of access. X cannot help thinking that I find a most excellent patient courage and good liutuor in the name bestowed upon that execrable plant, the wait-a while. If It had been left to mo to christen it I .nil IUX kullll A »UUUU1 JlihlU IU 1U1U for it soiuefchiug worthy of its diabolic attri bute. Tho needle tree, which is the frequent companion of the wait-a-while, is a mild crcaturo by comparison with it. Nature is not content with inhospitality in these regious. She is spitefully pointed and on edge against intrusion. If she has any small benefaction to bestow upoa the traveller she hides it carefully. Tho only blessing hereabouts is tho water in the roots of the mallee trees, which has saved the life of many an adventurer, though many another has perished of thirst with his dying head within a yard of the straugely hidden vivifying sources. On the second day of my visit to Mildura the thermometer registered lOUdeg. in the shade. What it registered iu the sunlight I did not attempt to discover, but lay for the greater part of the flaming uay in my pyjamas, iu the society of au astounding old book on Australia pub lished in London in the year I&5U, and writtcu for the express purpose of deterring all men from buying land anywhere in the Southern Hemisphere. A mau, it appeared, might trade profitably in Sydney or even in Melbourne, but the idea of buying land iu either place was more midsummer madness, a thing by all sano men to bo discouraged. Tho author of this surprising volume is something of a fossil by ibis time, if he be still alive, but if he does still linger anywhere it will be interesting to know . what I10 thinks of his own vaticiuations. My host at the statiou house assured me that the extreme heat of that day would not last long. His report of the climate nt Mildura is that it 44 boils over," and that having reached Its boiling poiut it subsides immediately nnd becomes again »b onjoyable and exhilarating as I first found it. Happily tho boiling over process occurred that afternoon, aud next day tuo weather was ideal. My host and I started in compauy to look at tlio beginning of tho work of clearing, some six or seven miles away, travelling in a solid but light built buggy that went steady ns a rock over the rough bush track — a very different vehicular contrivance from that of tho day beforo yesterday. Tho accomplished Australian bushinau is certainly a wonderful whip, aud tho way 111 which wc threaded in and out, nmongst the trees, turning a score of corners iu as mniiy lougths of team and vehicle, would have been an nstoniHhmont to ninuy a town driver who believes that ho can "Jool anything anywhere." Tho ono plague of the malloo scrub in early summer, the plague par excellence, is the bush fly, who swarms iu countless hordes, which until one grows accustomed to them make life a deso lation and a curse. Wo had been haunted by teasing myriads until we had made half a dozeu miles or so. wheu they begau to leave ub., A certain acrid odor of suioko iu tho air accounted for their departure. As we bowled along this odor bfienmo more and more strongly per ceptible until we at last emerged upon ati open glade a mile or more in length, where the trees had all been felled and whore tho logs and roots were slowly smouldering in scores of thousands of piles. Every here and there as we drovo a ring ofipinifox would catch fire at one of these smouldering heaps, aud would Hhoot up uu extraordinarily fierce and sudden llaino. Tlio desolation of the forest itself was nothiug to that of this narrow tract in the midst' of it, acurred with axe and fire, aud made hideous by the lirat of that series of transformations which leaves it iu the end the mailing fruitful home of man. Away at the far end of the smoking ridge a utump extractor wan at work, and we stood awhile to watch it. Tbero were no big growths bore, and the engine met no focmen worthy of its steel wire traction rope. Tho rop j, which has a lire iking strain of I forge how many hundred tons, was looped under any projecting knob in a tree stump, tho word was passed, the sturdily anchored engine clanked for a socoud or two, and before tho steel wire seemed fairly taut the stump and its roots came out without oven a pretence of reluctance. I had hoped to see a real tussle between man and nature, bctwocu the dead force of inertia and that steam- breathing thing of steel. But the man-built monster was only toying with his work that day, aud did nothing that a hundred men might not have done by a united effort. It seemed something of a pity to think of tho countless thousands of tons of excellent fire wood that had been and would be burnt to waste in the clearing of the land ; but as things exist at prcseub the coat of trausport is bo infi nitely above tho value of tho timber that there is nothing for it but to make the sacrifice. The next step in tho clearing of tho land is to pass the scarifier over it, a process which clears it of every rooted weed and leaves it abso lutely bare of life. Then comes tho plough, nnd tho country is fit for culture. It looks all Bimple and easy enough on paper, aud is indeed performed with an astonishing rapidity. But I have seen in my travels no more inspir ing and truly majestic spectacle than this of the subjugation of waste nature to the needs of man. He is quite an old- fashioned philosopher by this time who said that the mas who caused two blades of grass to grow where only one had grown before was a benefactor of bis kind. What of the sturdy thinkers and workers who, in the space of a mere year or two, have changed great tracts of worthless desert into fruitful gardens ? It delights me more than anything else in the world to think that the old British blood tells here as it has told everywhere. The originators of this scheme are Canadians born, offshoots of the mother country in another clime. Some body was quotiog to me tho other day those beautiful verses of Wendell Holmes, which breathe the true spirit of the groat hearted and large-minded American towards the home country':— His home? the western giant smiles, And twirls the spotty globo to tlml it ; "This little speck the Rritish isles? 'TIs but a freckle, never niiud it." He liuitrhs aud nil his prairies roil, linth gurgling mi tar act roars aud chuckles, And ridgc9 stretched from pole to polo Heave till they crack their iron. knuckles.-? But Memory blushes at the sneer, Aud Lienor turn3 with frown defiant ; And Freedom, leaning ou her ujtcur, Laugh louder than the laughing giant. 11 An islet is 11 world," she said, ' When glory with its dust has blended, ' And Britain keeps her noble dead Till earth and seas and skies arc rended !", Beneath each swinging forest hough, Somo arm us -stout iu death reposes—1 From wave-washed foot to heavcu-klssed brow, Her Yalor'sttfc blood runs in roses ; Nay, let our brothers of tho West Write smiling on their tlorld pagos One-half her soil 1ms walked the redt In poets, heroes, martyrs, sages 1 Hugged in the clinging billow's clasp, Fromfs-eawced friugo.to mountuiu heather, The British oak with rooted grasp Her slender handful holds together ; With cliffs of white and bowers of green, And occau narrowing to caress her, And hills aud threaded streams between— Our little mother isle, God bless her I I had not thought t;be citation would prove so long when I first recalled it. but the sentiment expressed so amply fits and filla my own per haps too chauriui.stic British sense that I could not resist the temptation to find a piacc for it. There is a noble 44 billabong" in the near neighborhood of the settlement, which, when locked at cither end, will hold supples of water for the whole of a dry season without trenching on those of the Murray at all. This magnificent lagoon is 11 miles in length, and when I saw it had most of the beautiful characteristics of the main stream which feeds it. Its tree-fringed marge is haunted by all the multitudinous bird life of which I have already spoken, aud for many and many a year to come should afford the be9t. of fields for sport. A monster pump" ing apparatus stands on its shores, the delivery pipes of which are 4ft. wide, so that when they are half full there would be room for a man to swim in them quite easily. There is another of equal power at a place called Psyche's Bend, aud yet another of 'about half tbc size at Nicholl's Point. There was some talk in England in engineering circles whilst the pumps were being constructed out there which pointed to their probable failure, and I am told that the constructor when the criti cisms reached his ears went mighty solemn and quiet for a time, but having figured every thing over ah initio resumed a perfect tranquil-' lity, his verdict being, ,4 They've got to work and they will work." In effect, upon experi ment they did work, and criticism on the most scientific linen went for nothing, as has hap pened iu the like case before to-day. The blackfcllow was pretty thick abont here not so very long ago, and found it no doubt a happy hunting ground. Ono of my companions told me of one of the aboriginals' methods of securing game, which has a certain savage" ingenuity which seems worth citing. The first step was to construct a net of bark fibre and suspend it from tree to trco across a portion of the waters of the billabong, weight ing lit so that it sunk a foot or two, allowing somo 8ft. or 10ft. to rise above the surface. Onn !nf Lhn htmtinn» nnrtv would star bv LbiV whilst the rest set out and reaching opposite sides of the lagoon by a wide detour, turnod back again, scuriug the wild fowl by all the devices they could think of. By aud byo the watcher hidden near tho net would sco a screaming cohort scudding above the water, and at the proper moment would let out an imitation of the cry of the eaglehawk, at the same instant whirling a sheet of bark into the air to personate the bird. The ducks, not having time to investigate the mutter, would instantly swoop for a dire, aud coming in contact with the uct would be caught, some times by the hundred. Then would tho triumphant 'bluckfellow raako for himself a feast, and would uo doubt brag in his own simple mind about this triumph of civilised human craft over the foolish brute creation. The citizeus of such a place as Mildura arc bound to bo interesting people. One might safely say of them, without having even seen them, that they are certain to bo hardy, adven turous and handy. I had the ploasttro of an introduction to one gentleman—-a justice of tho peace, by the way — who had with his own hauds built the haudsomo and comfortablo house he lived in, I passed an agreeable half- hour with hiui in his own residence, and could only marvel at the skill, Bolidity aud fore thought with which it had becu constructed. The prospering garden and tlio solidly-built little villa made together as home-like a placo as one wonld wish to live in, nnd the interior of the bouse was filled with all those evidences of refinement ia tho midst of which au English gentleman would naturally desire to live. My jolly, hospitable host would have it that before I wont back into au older form of civili sation I must havo a night and a day in the bush, and I being nothing loth (though to tell the truth I havo had camping out enough In my timo and had thought tho day for such adventures over), a party of gay follows was got up and out wo started in a buggy and a four- in-hand. Whenever a man knows perfectly well how to do a thing it looks simple to him, but I found the drive through the trackless bush conducted with unerriug precision to a given point a little surprising. I oxproascd the surprise and was good-naturedly smiled at for my pains. But for all that I do solemnly de clare that to mo ono part of the road looked so absolutely like auother, that tho wonder how we found a way remains a wonder and always will. Mildura, by-tbe-way, is a tcmperauco colony, but— I toll this in tho strictest confi dence—the stranger was never allowed to go thirsty for wuut of an oxcellent lager beer, cunningly cooled in canvas water- bags, or an equally oxcellent glas9 of whisky and soda, or a still more excellent chauipagno in pints, gone almost still with age. Age takes the friskineas aud sparkle out of most things but sometimes leaves the better qualities behind. It was not thought advisable to make tho trip more Spartan than was actually necessary and wo carried a touch or two of Capuan numbers in tho bush with us. The conjmissariat was liberally re membered, and certain darkish bottles on each of which, to the best of nir rcmombrauce, there was a label in which somcthingcallud a 44 blend" was lauded, wore stowed away in the bowels of the dray, When Phil Robinson went home from Aus tralia he told a story to which I am sorry to say nobody attached the slightest credence. He said that be was sleeping iu some little wooden- built township in a district iu Australia which was infested with rabbits and that in tlio night there came what lie called a 14 rabbit wave." It was (a mile or two wide, and Heaven knows how many miles long, und some half-score of f et in height, It enme along with a force so irresistible that it carried away the township. Mr. Robinson, I believe, was the sole survivor of this strange calamity— so that there was nobody left to contradict him— and he only escaped by the lucky accident that the 44 wave " broke ou a sandy plain and so let him down gently, with nothing worse than a few bruises 'and a some what shattered nerve. Now I don't profess to believe that curious narrative even yet, but I admit a kind of fanci ful foundation for it. If tho rabbits I saw iu the two days of that excursion had known how to combine they might have carried away any thing— even Phil Robiuson wheu he was weighed with the sense of responsibility which ought to have rested upon the author of that surprising conception which I hare just quoted. How they swarmed I those rabbits. Aud what a batluc we might have had with the half- dozen guua we carried if we had a score of beaters. As it was I grew shoulder sore and had a gun headache, which as everybody knows is one of the least agreeable ailments of its species. Our youthful sportsmen did not even ask to have the buggy or the drag brought to a standstill but peppered tho poor bunnies right and left as wo rolled along, and made very good practice too. Now I began more fully to nnderstand the reason why every allotment in the Mildura colony is bound in by a wire fence, which is sunk to some considerable distance into the ground. Now, too, I began to see the necessity for the advertisement which week by week finds its way into the columns of the local journal, running thus : — 44 All persons travelling through the Mildura properties are requested to close the gates in the vermin.proof fences through iTUtbit IrUCj' |Ji(l8a A Hvtl'j IB llUJJUsUU by the Act for neglect to close such gates, and any person found so offending after this date in connection with the Mildura fences will be prosecuted as far as the law will allow." No wonder. Tho rabbits would leare but a poor chance for the settlers if they could have their way. Our party did yeoman's service against the plague, for wo left a good 12 score of the enemy dead upon tho field, but this was only like a drop out of a pond. We reached our destination as the night was coming down, and chose our camping place in the centre of a natural clearing, not far from the river, and in the midst of a clump of mallee trees. A handful of grass, an armful of dry twigs, the sputter of a match, and there was tho begiouing of our camp fire. Then there was a rending of dead branches from tho trees, and in almost as little timo as it takes to write tho words the flames built up a wall of half transpar ent dusk about us, making the night seem darker by contrast with their own glancing brightness. One made an excursion to the stream, and came back with a billy full of water, which being sec upon the fire began soon to bubble with n cheer ful and suggestive murmur. We picnicked iu the growing darkness, and as I munched my provendcrl thought of many and many asimilar yet different : scene in tho old world. Poor Archie M4Neill, true friend and honest man (and brilliant workman, basely murdered two years ago in Boulogne Harbor, came back to me like a ghost when I thought of our almost boyish encampments iu Sutton Wood3 in the old coun try. And many a good chum's face peered over my shoulder as I called to mind the scores of nights spent by the camp fire in summer's heat and winter's cold on the Roumeliau plains or oil tho Balkan's heights, whore the tired soldiery slept whilst wo spun our yarns, or the dogs bowled in some distant city of the dead lately ravaged by the Tchircosse and the Zcibeck. Niekts of merriment, when the son? went round and the coarse rum was purified by fire in the tin pannikin, and 'cam paigning was the most glorious lark in the world. Nights of silence, and ,'cold, aud hunger, when the drifted snow was deep and the warmest of bearskins was a meagre shelter. Nights when the big guns boomed for hours and hours in the dark, and the arc of light made by tho time fuses at tho Schipka Pass seemed to the eye to travel slowly, slowly, slowly over a foot or two of midnight blackness— whilst iu reality they rushed furiously for a mile. Many times come back to mc. Many faces and voices of old times, that I shall see and hear no more. 44 Where are yc, old companions trusty ?" Some are married, some are dead, All are scattered now and lied. Ah, me ! But what has this to do with a trip up the Murray River? Oat with tho black bottie, good mine host, and let us test tho blend its label brags of. A generous liquid. Let us have a merry hour. , Wq had a merry hour, and moro than one. There was a violinist amongst us who had brought his tools with him, and made no despic able music for us. And we waked the echoes of the 6oiitndc with a good many choruses, and I myself — the present narrator (let it not be thought I boast) — came out of my customary ponderous solemnity, and told a funny story, which convulsed (absolutely convulsed) one member of our party— a mo3t discerning youth, whom I shall always remember with gratitude. When the merriment was all over we turned in with our rugs and blauketB and slept until 4.80 in tho morning, at which unearthly hour we were awakeued by our chieftain, aud so betook ourselves to rabbit slaughter again until it was time for luncheon, after which wc drove homewards. We sighted a little 'group of emus, but thoy took to iheir long legs before we could get a near view of them, not having been instructed probably with respect to tho protection the laws of the land afford tlicm. The colony of Victoria is certainly to be con gratulated on its troatmcnt of the irrigation scheme. A similar plan, started by the same projectors and enjoying all the saute natural advantages, hag been opeued at Reumark, but doss not flourish like its sister settlement, and for a perfectly obvious reason. The South Aus tralian Government has not only doue less to foster it but has actually allowed n threat of Government competition to bo held out against it. The result is that whilst the colony in Victoria is thriving and growing in a most remarkable degree, that in South Australia is at present at something very- like a standstill. There is little fenr of its ulti mate success, however, for tho valuo of the priuciplo upon which it is founded is almost uuiycrsally admitted. In California, whore the same experiments have been tried, the trade in fruit with the Eastern Stales r03e from 8,000,0001b. to 32,000,0001b. avoirdupois in a single year. Land there which originally cost £100, on which trees were planted at a charge of £320, was cultivated at a profit for seven years aud a half and was then purchased by Mr. F. L. Alles (the editor of tho Culi/'orniuii) for £5000, tho purchase money including u house which had cost £1000 to build. What Cali fornia can do Australia can do, and she can do it all tho more certainly because her topsy- turvy seasons send her products into the market at a time when tho gardeus and orchards of tho rest of the world are bare. I had a half-formed idea of turning fruit grower myself and sitting down under my own vino aud fig tree, but reflecting that ou the whole 1 would rather see London and Paris again, I resigned it and hade the pleasant place UUICU. CilUJtJ Biuumiug UUCA LU luurgilu through the same placid charms of river scenery of which I havo already given so faint and vague a picture, and onjthewaya rousing ad- veuturc befell us, for wo ran full tilt into the trading boat Queen and stove in her bows, in somuch that she had to put into the bank for tlio repair of damagos. There was 110 great harm doue, but ono or two of the passongers or tho injured craft got into a prodigious pother aud fluttor of excitement, and wo were found in talk for ail hour or two. Then at Morgan we said goodbye to tho beautiful river and ran down by rail to sunny Adelaide and after u pleasant day or two with pleasant folk there got back to Melbourne. Aud bo cndetli the history of a new chum's travels in Australia. Tho new chum himself sails for other climes within au hour or two of the time at, which these linos will come into the reader's hands. Ho carries away a thousand pleasant memories, has met couutlcss kind nesses nnd good services, and acknowledging thom with a thankful heart promises in all houesty never to forgot thorn until tho day comes when ho can no longer remember any thing. 