<£ï)e £plmrp iHorning gfrralfc. 1HURSDAT, OCTOBER 3, 1889. The ex-Quoon of Servia refuses to surrender lior maternal and civil rights, and tbo populace of Bol grado are inclined to support her claim. A l-soi-osAL for a conforonca with tbo Anglican body has boen declined by tho London Congrega- tional Union. Tho object was to favour a closer relationship between tho Anglican and Congrega- tional bodies. A conversion loan of £20,000,000 has been issued by tho Government of lîiazil. The present London salos bIiow that an advanco has boen establit-hed in fine erossbreds of ¿d. per i lb. ; other croBsbrods are uucliangod in prico. There aro also advances in other qualities. The dock labourers lately on strike in London proposed to walk in tho Lord Mayor's show, but tho offer was declined. At the sitting o£ tho National Protection Con- ference, which was continuod at tho Now Masonic 11 all yesterday, icsolutions bearing upon electoral and othor reforms wcro passed. A publio inestiog was held in the evening. Tun" Vice-President of the Exocutivo Council has given notico of his intention to move to-day the susponsion of tho Stauding Ordors of tho Legisla- tivo Council to onable the Railway Dobt Re- duction Bill to bo passed through all its stages in one sitting. In connection with the Dubbo sticking-up case it is reported that thora is no improvement in Inspector Cameron's condition, Massarat bos not been arrested, as it is thought he beliovod he was firing at a bushranger. A man named Thomas nardy, living at Lower Victoria, Port Dai win, has been speared hy tho blacks, and is not expected to live. Titr customs collected at Wilcannia fot Septem- ber amounted to £837 7s. 2d. There was a demonstration at Fort Macquarie yesterday, when H.M.S. Calliope loft for her home- ward trip. In the forenoon Lord Carrington and the lion. Ruport Carrington paid a private visit to tho ship, and Major-Goneral Edward« and some of the Marino Board and harbour authorities also took leave of Captain Kane and his ollicers on board. Sir At.fp.ed Stephen has given notice in the Legislativo Council of his intention to movo for lenvo to introduce two bills-one tor the reduction of the quorum, and the other to prevent in certain cases the lapsing of bills ia Parliament by the termination of tbo session. The Albury Circuit Court was opened yesterday by Mr. Justice Foster. The criminal list was a short one. The Milton and Ulladulla corps, F company, 2nd ltegiment, at Milton, were inspected by Mnjor Qenoral lliohardson yesterday morning. Referring* to Mr. Egeson's weather predictions, we communicated witli the Goveinmont Astrono- mers yesterday hy telegraph, and received replies which will be found in another column. Mr. Ellery, tho Victorian Government Astro- nomer, says that there is nothing in Mr. Egeson's prediction of three years' drought in Australia. So far as Mr. Ellery is concerned, ho looks upon all attempts to predict the seasons of drought, or vice versa, as utterly futile. Mr. Todd, of South Australia, does not agree with the prediction. Ile says that thero are not sufficient data available to enable any meteorologist to make such forecasts. i Sin Henry Parkes, in reply to Mr. Thompson, in the Legislative Assembly, last night, said that the Government had complete faith in the gentle- man who now occupied the position of Government Statist and they felt that he was quite incapable of doing any violence to the truth in the preparation of his statistics. a The opening of the Neokratine Works at Ovster Bay, yesterday, was celebrated in tho presence of a large number of guests. A number of toasts w re honoured, and Mr. De Lamaort gave an interesting account of his invention of the explosivo. The revenue returns for Queensland for the last quarter show that the receipt« wore £1,036,-117, being a decrease of £80,012, compared with the corresponding quarter of last year. A select committee in Queensland is of opinion that the Government should undertake to provide chilling-rooms, with the necessary fittings at certain approved stations on the main trunk lines of rail- way, and at the seaports which are the term ititi 8 of those lines, as well as specially constructed rolling stock for the conveyance of meat, Ma, Bruce Smith says it is the intention of the Government to extend the North Shore tramway in a westerly direction from the present terminus, and then northerly within one-third of a milo of tbo intended temporary terminus of the North Shoro Hallway. He helievod it was being proceeded' with now. Mauritius commercial news is to Iho effost that nearly the bulk of the sugar transactions bave been limited to sorts suitable for the Indian markets at receding rates, closing at date at 3r. for good grainy crystals. Tni: Legislative Assembly last night discussed the affairs of the Casual Labour Board at.length. On the motion on Mr. Famuli, tho report of the select committee on the working of the FUhories Act was adopted. A message was received from the Governor assenting to tho Bathurst Cattle Sale- yards Bill. A woman named Annie Crawford, living at Adelaide, was yesterdav shot by her husband. It is not considered likely thut she will recover. Evidence was taken yesterday by the Public works Committee with regard to the proposed rail- way from Nyngan to Cobar. Mr. llu-sell Barton advocated the construction of a lino at a cost of £1500 a mile. TnERE is a good deal of dissatisfaction in all branches of the Civil Service, owing to the fact that the salaries for the past month, which became due on the 1st inBtant, have not yet been paid. , A number of ca~es were disposed of at the Quarter Sessions yesterday. The jury whioh were locked up on Tuesday night in the case of Richard HancocK, charged with horso-stoaling. had not agreed on being called into court, They were discharged, and Hancock was bound over to appear wheu called upon. Mu. Oscar Mever, Commissioner for New South Wales at the New Zealand Exhibition, Bays that, as far as it is possible to judge at this time, the New South Wale» Court will present an appearance and display an abundance and variety of valuable pro- ducts that will place this colony on an equal footing at least with the most distinguished participant in the Exhibition. I At the wool sales yesterday thoro was brisk com petion for the small catalogues offered, and good prices were obtained. The opening wool sale of the season held at Melbourne was largely attended and competition was keon. The tots.1 value of imports at the port of Sydney for the week ended 28th September amounts to £234,660, The total value of exports for the same period amounts to £207,158. The Mining market was brisk yesterday. In the I general Share market stagnation was still apparent. In tho Import mnrkots there was a fairly good trade, town and country houses ooatinumg to buy moro froely. Tim quantity of whoat and Hour aflont for tho United Kingdom is estimated nt 1,470,000 quartern; and for the Continent, ¡392,000 quarters. Tim inquo't on Jamos Hodson, who wai killed in the Hamilton pit, was cotitinuod yesterday at Nosscastlo, and tho taking of tho ovidoaco con- cluded. Tho proposal to vote a sum of monoy to Mr. John Davies for his services as chair- man of tho Casual Labour Bonni has de- moralised tho Assembly. Tho session on tho whole bus been one of good conduct, but members during the last day or two havo returned to the bud form which distinguished Borne of the previous Par- liaments. Last night's debate, if tho half discussion and half altercation which constituted tho proceedings can be called a debate, was a most unseemly one. The IIouso waa in a thoroughly bad temper, nnd some of the members were exceedingly trouble- some. It would scarcely bo going beyond the mark to say that there was moro dis- order in the Afsombly last night thnu had taken place during the whole of tho ses- sion up to that point. The character of tho debate, however, was such as to excite disorder. "What the House really had to consider was whether Mr. Davip.s had per- formed certain work, and, if so, whether he was entitled to bo paid for it ; but this question received very little attention. The Premier, who spoke for two horns, concerued himsolf chiefly with the attacks which hud boen made upon him the pre- vious evening by the lender of the Opposi- tion and the lion, member for West Mac- quarie, and had only n few words to say about the vote which the Assembly was asked to sanction. It was an extraordinary speech, and at the same timo on unjustifiable speech. Considering the manner "in which he had been assailed, the PRr.vnER was entitled to somo latitude, but lie wont beyond the mark altogether. It was difficult, no doubt, to draw the line. Ou tho previous night the Milburn Creek scandal and other affnirs of old date were dragged into the discussion, and the Premier in Ivis turn raked up matters which most people have forgotten, and other matters which aro as much related to tho Davies vote as the Tenterden Steeple is to the Goodwin Sands. What bearing, for example,upon the matter in hand could be found in the despatch of the Contingent to the Soudan by tho Premier's political opponents, or in the fact that at one time Sir Henry Parkes and Mr. Dibbs wero political as well as personal friends, and wrote " gracious" if not affectionate letters to each other P Students of New South Wales politics might feel an interest in Buch matters ; but to force these things ou the attention of the Assembly was a gross waste of time. Neither is it easy to see how the business before the House was promoted by the reading of extracts to show that the Premier had been longer in of lice than the leader of the Opposition. The question properly before the Committee was, however, lost sight of; the question actually debated was this-Which of the party leaders is the more honourable man-Sir Henry Parkes or Mr. Dibbs P The same question has been raised a dozen times before, and has been discussed as often. No doubt it interests very deeply the persons concerned. But is this the sort of occupation the country expects its representatives to engage in ? Tho Premier repelled with indignation the insinuation that the appointment was a political job, and that Mr. Davies had acted in collusion with the Government in directing the expenditure of the Casual Labour Board. Mr. Davies was appointed, Sir Henry Parkes said, because of his experience and his capneity for dealing with men. As to personal friendship, he denied that the appointment had been made on any such grounds, and called attention to the fact that Mr. Davies had boen his opponent in election matters At an earlier stage of the evening he took notice of the statement made by the hon. member for West Macquarie the previous night, that Mr. Davies had once threatened to produce papers which would cause bim (Sir Henry Parkes) to flee the country. The reply to this was a written denial by Mr. Davies, the effect of which is published, although the letter itself was not allowed to be read in the House. On the other hand, the leader of the Opposi- tion made an effective reply to an accusa- tion which a thoughtless interjection of the Premier had suggested the previous evening. As to the merits of the vote, it was admitted both by the Premier and by Mr. Abigail, who as a member of the previous Parkes Administration was partly re- sponsible for the Casual Labour Board, that Mr. Davies had committed irregulaiities for which he deserved censure ; hut at the same time it was pointed out that he had done a great deal of useful work and had earned his money. It is difficult to see how this position can bo hucopsh fully assailed. Tho whole affair-the creation of the board and the appointment of Mr. Davies as chairman-was a mis- take, but it is imnossible to get over the fact that Mr. Davies wa9 commissioned to perform certain work. The woik was performed efficiently, on the whole, Mr. Davies' employers say, and on what ground can payment be denied P Irregularities occurred which the Premier and his former colleague con- demn ; but if Mr. Davies did this work well on the whole remuneration of some kind can scarcely be withheld. No salary was attached to the appointment, and the rute of pay could be properly discussed by the House if it choose to do so, but it seems to us that the Government which appointed Mr. Davies incurred an obligation, and that the Assembly can scarcely refuse to discharge it. But whatever difference of opinion there may be on this point, there can be none as to the propriety of closing as soon as possible an unprofitable and a discreditable debate. It is pleasing to hear from an undoubted authority amongst the protectionists that in the proceedings of the Free-trade Con- ference there was one redeeming feature. That is one point already gained from the Protectionist Conference, and it may be Yveloomed as of .happy augurj-. For the moat part freo-trado statements of fact have boen denounced os "lies," freo-trado argumenta a9 im- becility, freo-trarle comments upon the action of protectionists as " infamous calumny." But there is now an indication that the frequent Yise of those figures o£ spoooh is beginning to lose (for some of those who ha*'o revelled iu it) ita pleasur- able effects. Luxuries cloy. The expo- ' rience of the character in "Patience," Yvho found that even toffy bali a dozen times a day protlucod satiety, if not dis- gust, was of a kind not unkno\Y*n amidst the realities of life. May we not Yvolcome, as a sign of the reaction that sometimes folloYvs excess, the assurance that protectionists, reflecting upon the claim for Liberalism made at the Free-trade Conference, will be amused ? Surely the dawn of a day of moderation and civility is at hand. Let us rejoice over this first stroak of light in the East. It is also a cause for some gratification that on the first day cf the gathering of tho protectionists there Yvas a public, and doubtless sincere, expression of regret at the disorder that occurred during the earlier proceedings of the Free trade Conference. One's sense of what is fit and opportune is touched by hearing or seeing the right thing in the right place ; and the remark that these disturbances should not have occurred could hardlj' have been made under moro appropriate circum- stances. The truth may sometimes be un Yvo'corae; but it is Yvell that it should be told, nevertheless. It is time that the old and worn-out Yveapons so often used for the suppression of free speech were luid aside Yvitli a candid admission of their inutility, but everyone may not see that until it is pointed out. It appears from the report that eYTen nt their own con- ference there Yvere protectionists who could not bring themselves to tolorate the expression of an advorse opinion. '. Tho proceedings," it was said, " were really disgraceful." The later remark that " fair play Yvas bonnie play," Yvas not original, but neither was it ill-timed nor superfluous. Let us hope that it was re- ceived in a right spirit, and Yvill be acted upon by those to whom it Yvas addrossed. If yvo may be permitted to supplement the advice, *ve would add the trite observation that, like honesty, it is the best policy in the long run. The claim of men who advocate liberal mensures to be called Liberals may seem amusing from some points of vieYV. As the statement has been made, it may bo courteously accepted. The Yvords " liberal " and '? liberalism " have been used so freely of late, and such liberties have been taken Yvith them, that, in the nature of the case, thpy are likely sometimes to be found in the midst.of odd associations, whero the incon- gruity will provoke mirth. It is not, perhaps, remarkable just now to find pay- ment of members mentioned as a plank in a liberal platform, because the subject has been treated in a way distinguished by the utmost freedom-notwithstanding the re- straints of Parliamentary rule and tradition -in dealing Yvith a substantial amount of public money. But there ÍB something grotesque in the design which groups together "true liberalism" and inter- ference with personal liberty. It would be ungenerous to say thut no protectionist could have liberal ideas. Such a remark might even be described as untrue. But it is impossible to uphold freedom and to destroy freedom , by one and the same act. The man of liberal ideas who adopts protection seeks to narrow the range of freedom for himself, for his countrj-, for the world. It is easy to say that bj' protection " it would be possible to aY*ert the ills, calamities, and disasters of public life." It is easy to avoid the trouble of proving a thing that has to be proved by assuming that it is proved already. In private life it might be said that it would be possible by HolloYvay's pills to aY*ert or cure all the ills that flesh is heir to. It is interesting to find a man luxuriating in perfect confidence (even though it rest on insufficient grounds) in this age of doubt. But when the man of confidence seizes j*ou by the throat, and says, " You shall swallow these pills of Holloway's or pay a fine," his liberalism at that particular moment and in that par- I ticular act is not quite clear. I " It is not in accordance Yvith the policy of protectionists to make either food or | clothing dearer for the Yvorking- man." | That baa often been said, and it Yvas »aid again on Tuesday night. It will probably continue to be repeated until the expediency of consigning it to the lumber-room for obsolete argument is more plainly seen. Let it be asserted that the effects of pro- tection are not in accordance Yvith the policy of the protectionists, and then, paradoxical as the assertion would be, we should get a glimpse o£ Yvhat the special liberalism of the protection- ists may ' possibly mean. Meamvhilo it may bo usked what is the purpose of the protectionists of Victoria in piling up their Customs duties higher and still higher, although they have had the benefit (of protection for a long course of years? Are the manufacturers of all kinds who have been successfully clamouring for moro protection overmas- tered by an anxious desire and a settled determination that not a penny shall be added to the price of the things they make and sell ? They are not content with a 20 per cent. ad valorem duty, and they demund 40 or 60 per cent. The imports come in notwith- standing the 20 per cent, duty, because people prefer the imported goods, even though they pay 20 per cent more for them thun they would if they entered free. If the local products Yvere as good as and cheaper than the imported goods Yvith the 20 per cent, added, they would buy them instead. The object of the increase from 20 per cent, to 40, or CO, or 00, is to enable the looal producer to raise his prices, and still to undersell the imported goods. Under this arrangement the producer makes a gain ; but the consumer, though ho may incur a smaller loss by purchasing the local goods than bjT purchasing the im- ported ones, must suffer a loss in any case. If this is not in accordance with the policy j of the protectionists, why do they not, adopt a policy that would produce different | effects P The fact is, that the manufao . turera-and they, we have been told, are the true leaders in the cause of protection take too liberal a view of their own in forests to do anything of the kind. This morning wo publish the results of the senior public examinations. In point of percentnge of successful candidates this year's record is gratifying. Out of 115 candidates 00 passed, or about 78 per cent. Last year 110 out of 140 candidates passed or about 77 per cent, ; in 1887, out of 125 candidates 87 passed, or 69 per cent. ; and in 1880, out of 107 candidates 83 passed, or a little over 77 per cent. What will strike tho reader of these figures is tho apparent eveuncss in the value of tho work, and in the training of tho students. In three out of four years the results do not vary more than one per cent. The drop in 18S7 may, perhaps, be attributed to stiff er examination papers or something of the sort, the other years being so near each other in the pro duct of the examinations. It is evident that there is consistency in the methods of examiners, as well as something like uniformity in the instruction of students or results so similar could'not bo attained. We must lemember also that the standard of tho examinations has boen steadilv raised, while elasticity in the option of subjects has been permití ed during the past few years. Taking into account the elevation of the standard, and the probable uniformity in the strictness of examiners, the small increase in percentageof successful candidates from year to year really repre- sents u greater value in merit thau appears from tho records. As was to be expected, Sydney Grammar School bears off the lion's share of the prizes and medals. The John West medal for the highest proficient and the University prize of £20 go to this school. Four silver medals are also borne off by Daniel Levy, a pupil of this school, and he stands equal with two pupils of New- ington College for the Ancient History and Lutin moduls. This is au extraordinary record. In French, Fnglish, Greek, and Trigonometry, this successful Btudent bears the palm alone. Four silver medals have gone to Newington College, besides the two before mentioned, so that this institution has run Sydney Grammar School very close. The successes which have come to it, however, are shared by two students. Of course the taking of prizes does not speak finally for the general proficiency of a school, but it is a good evidence, and inquiry will show without doubt that the places which the Sydney Grammar School and Newington College have won in the prize contest will be sustained in the total number ' of successful candidates. Alto- gether the results of the examinations are indicativo of a strong and consistent system of intermediate education. Tho Cotton Corner has collapsed. Yes- terday morning's cables state that the re- duced production of cotton fabrics, conse- quent on disturbed markets and the. clos- ing of several mills, have proved too much for the syndicate. And very pioperly so. The ring bought up the year's crop and forced the prices up, compelling the manu- facturer to produce at a loss or else close. Some fought on, some preferred to close, on the wise calculation that the syndicate could be beaten by its own weapons. Fortu- nately the process of retaliation has suc- ceeded, and we have now the spectacle of the engineer hoist with his own petard. But the pity is that the effect does not end with the collapse of the corner. The dis- turbance to the normal course of trade, tho stoppage of production, the non-employment of skilled labour, works havoc much longer than the time that the ring is all-powerful. A depression that comes to any industry through bad seasons or untoward commercial circumstances can be endured with patience, but that re- sulting from the practice of " corners " cannot be borne with equanimity. Cor- ners is no new game. It has been tried lately with copper ; it has been attempted many times with wheat and sugar and kerosene. Some of this brow- beating in commerce has been successful, and the manufacturer or the wholesale dealer, the retail dealer, and the consumer have had to pay thepipor. Rings and corners disorganise trade, create the roost disns | trous kiuds of monopolies, prevent the ordinary use of capital, and work havoc in the course of legitimate dealing. If these rings did not, as they do so often in their greed, overreach themselves, the consequences would be even more injurious to the community th'in they ore. But fortunately, as in the present instance, they press the market beyond the point of endurance, and then comes a natural resistance to the unusual and illegitimate pressure. The public can only stand a certain amount of tyranny, then comes revolt, and in tho end tho legitimate prevails. Nothing, perhaps, can help these occasional monopolies, but greater difficulty will he found in creating them as time goes on, for the commercial world has its eyes open, and it cannot be so easily controlled as hus been the case in the past. Tun English mails, dated London, August 23, hy tho loiur-soa route, und 80th, via Italy, per P. and O. Company's steamer Massilia, will be due to-morrow (Fiiday), in time for delivery at about 2 p.m. The Legislativo Council hold a brief sitting yes- terday. The President having announced the receipt of messages to the orloct that the Governor had assented to thu Windsor Gaslight Company's Bill and tho Bathurst Cattle Sale Yards Bill, Mr. Triokott sought to have the proceedings in relation to the Ministerial Kleotions Bill restored to the paper, but as an hon. momber objected, it could not be dono. -Mr. Trickett then proceeded to reflect upon the proceedings of tho Hoeiso in respect to the bill, and was declared by the President to be disorderly. Dincc-MA* the Speaker took the chair in the Legislative Assembly yesterday Mr. Crick ro-e, and by way of porsonal explanation de'nied that be had imputed any nisei editable motives to the stipendiary magistrate, Mr. Fisher, in reference to the proceed- ings against Mr. John Baríes. On the contrary, he had spoken in the highest terms of that gontle maa's fairnesa 'and impartiality. There were two questions on the business paper, one of which was withdrawn. In reply to the other, in the tame of Mr. Frank Smith, Mr. Gould Baid there was no person namod Martin engaged in the Water Police Court office. There were several questions without notioe. In reply to Mr. Farnell, who direoted attontion to the caso of a man named Small, who had been compelled to retire from the Customs, through no fault of his own, Mr. M'Mil lan promised lo tako * a note of the caso. Mr. Bruce "Smith, in reply to Mr. Byria, ?nid that when the two officer» were appointed from his department to inquire into »nd report upon proposed works, he would have very great pleasure in getting from them a report upon the Braidwood railway. In reply to Mr. Willis,, -ho said he would further consider the Byrock to j Brewarrina line, but could not say at present what action he should take. In reply to Mr. Dalton, .Mr. Bruce Smith said it was the intention of the Government to extond the North Shore tramway i in a westerly direction from the present terminus, and then northerly within one-third of a mile of j the intended temporary terminus of the North Shore railway. He believed it was being proceoded with now. In ri>ply to Mr. Thompson, Sir Henry Parkes said the Government had complete faith in the Government Statist, who is incapable of doing any violence to the truth in the preparation of his statistics. In reply to Mr. O'sullivan, 8ir Henry said, the Inspeotor-General of Police had reported favourably of a scheme for giving gratuities to members of the police force who rotire after 15 years' servios. If the Government decided to carry ont the scheme, they would introduce the necessary legislation. Sib H kurt Parke» rose in his place, and said he had received a letter from Mr. John Davies, «hich he would lay on the table and move that it be printed. He proceeded to read the letter, which rsferred to a statement reported to bavo been made by Mr. Crick to tne effeot that Mr. Davies had itated that be bad in his possession papers which would cause Sir Henry to "fly" the country. This statement, Mr. Davies cbarncterifed as a slander in terms whioh caused Mr. Speaker to interpose, and rule that it was out of order to read n letter containing such statements. Sir Henry Parket then explained the contents of the letter, which went on to say that if such oharges *vere made outside the House the writer would take steps to vindicate his honour and his character, Mr. Crick «aid if he were furnished with a oopy of the letter he would give Mr. Davies an opportunity to obtain satisfaction. 8ir Henry Parkes promi ed to furnish the hon. member with a copy. 0» the motion of Mr. Farnell, the report of the select committee on tho working of Iho Fisheries Act was adopted. A message was received from the Governor, stating that ho had, in the name of her Majesty, a-senfx-d to tho Bathurst Cattle Sale Yards Bill Anotrer message from his Excellency reoommended that the necessary provision be made in connection with a bill to provide for the payment from the Consoli- dated Retenue Fund of an annual sum in reduction of the public debt for railways. Mr. M'Millin afterwards gave notice that he will to-day move the suspension of the standing orders, with a view to pass the bill through all its stages in one day. Mr. Dibbs rose to move the adjournment of the House, in order to refer to certain statements that had been made on the previous evening respecting his character. Mr. Frank Smith raised a point of order. The hon. member's remarks must have reference to a previous debate in the present session. Mr. Speaker ruled that the objection was a good one. Mr. Dibbs then said he had a right to make a personal explanation. He saw in that day's Herald that in the debato on the pre vous night the Colonial Secretary said, " I have beard of some gentleman-pointing at Mr. Dibbs-forging a ship's register." Mr. Speaker reminded the hon. member that he would not bo in order in making any charges against bon, members while making a personal explanation. Mr. Dibbs said he wai going to confine himself to the remarks of the Colonial Secretary. Sir Henry Parkes said the words he used were, "I have beard an hon. member accuse another of forging a ship's register," He ¿id not mention the bon. member's name, but he meant the hon. member. Mr. Dibbs said the hon. member had not courage to make a charge himself, but raked up a fictitious charge made by Mr. M'Elbone years aga Mr. M'Elhone was instigated by Mr. Lloyd, who was the colleague of Sir Henry Parkel at the time. He (Mr. Dibbs) at the time said if Mr. M'Elhone was not prepared to substantiate the charge, he was "branded in the eyes of the world as a liar, a scoundrel, and a vil- lain," He defied anyone to make a charg6 against his honour, and the Colonial Secretary had taken an unworthy course in sneaking in behind Mr. M'El- hone'« statement. He had at his command a document in whioh Sir James Martin said he (Mr. Dibbs) had not been guilty of anv violation of the law. The oonduot of the Colonial Secretary was both cowardly and contemptible. So long as any man attaoked his honour, so long would he stand np and defend it He challenged anyone to «ay that he had ever bren guilty of a dishonourable action. Sir Henry Parkes denied that he had made any charge against Mr. Dibbs, but Mr. Dibbs had called bim the "principal villain in a scandalous transaction and a robbery.'' He only used the words Mr. Dibbs complained of to show what unpardonable things were said in that House. The House having resolved itself into Committee of Supply the further consideration of th» postponed estimates was proceeded with. The d«bate was resumed on the item of £1102 10s., remuneration to Mr. Jobn Davies for his services an chairman of the Casual Labour Board, Mr. Abigail con- tended that the only question they had to consider was whether Mr. Davies had performed the work for which it was proponed to pay him. He thought those who made the charges againat Mr. Davies would not have come out so well if they had been in the same position. A more bitter spirit of persecution had never been shown in that House than had been displayed in tho speeches mode apainBt Mr. Davies. It was not correct that £200,000 had been spent in improving private lands, but a great deal of good work had been done on Crown lands, and he proceeded to recapitulate a number of these works, the result of which would be a magnificent profit to the country. Ile had no personal feeling towards Mr, Davies, and indeed had often opposed him politically, but he felt it his dnty to defend an absent man. Sir Henry Parkes was about to speak when Mr. Dibbs rose, and said he would like first to read a letter he had received from Sir Henry Parkes, and which he considered was one of intimidation, ne then read the letter, in whioh the Premier said that after Mr, Dibbs's unprovoked slander upon him on the previous evening, he intended to speak of that gentleman without any reserve what- ever, as soon as he had an opportunity. Let the Premier say what he would, but he (Mr. Dibbs) would claim the right of reply afterwards. Mb. Frank Smith moved the recision of the sessional order which- provides that no fresh busi- ness shall be taken after 11 o'elook. He expressed no opinion as to the utility of this sessional order at other times, but at the end of the session it operated to prevent necessary business being trans- acted that ought to be gone on with. Mr. Walker said he would not objeot to the motion if he had an assurance that no Government business would be taken after llo'clook. Sir Henry Parkes said the bon. member would get no such assurance. Mr. Walker said he looked upon the motion as an attempt on the part of the Government side to spring business upon them when members were absent from the Chamber. Mr. Barbour defended the sessional order, whioh had worked well. Mr. Waddell Y'ould support the motton, in order to get on with the business. Sir Henry Parkes pointed ont that it would be convenient for the rest of the session to abolish the sessional order, so that thev might hritig the business to a close. At prosent the poor Civil servants could not be paid, and great incon- venience would nrise. Mr. Stevenson supported the motion. Mr. Traill moved an amendment to the motion, providing that only private members' busi- ness should be tnkon after 11 o'elook. Mr. Creer objected to sitting after 11 o'elook, and thought they would do better to ait at 11 in the morning. Mr. Kidd supported the motion, Mr. Lakeman hoped the motion would be negatived. Mr. BurnB thought the sessional order had worked well, but support the motion, so that private business might be dealt with. After some further discussion the amendment was negatived by 64 to 15, and the motion was carried on a division of 52 to 29. Sir Henry Parkes said he had written to Mr. ?Hibbs to let him know what course his observation« were likely to take, and not take him unaware«. He complained of the way bon. member» opposite ító treated this question, by dragging in all «ort« or matter, -whether relevant or not Tha matters referred to by Mr.-Dibbs and-Mt. Crick, which took placo 20 years ago, had nothing what- ever to do with the matter now before them. What was the use of dragging in the matters respecting Mr. Baker mid Mr. Garrett? Those things had nothing whatever to do with the ques- tion before them. Ho denied that ho had said anything calculated to irrítalo or awaken bad passions. Nothing whatover had boen proved against Mr. John Davies in that debate. The speech of Mr. Dibbs last night was a tirade of slander from beginning to end. Thofe was not a tittle of evidonce to support the suspicions that had been raised. Mr. Davies had the respect of a very large number of friends, whone confidence in him was not shaken by the aspersions that had boen cast. Ho characterised the charges that had been made against him as childish and unfounded in tho extrome ; nor did he believe his late colleague, Mr. Burns, knew of the expenditure at HornBoy for his osvn private benefit Ho adverted in strong terms to the tactics adopted by the Opposition, and regretted the days whon moa in that House fought their battleB fairly. Ho went on to refer to the taotics of Mr. Dibbs's party whon they tried to eipel him (Sir Henry Parkes) from the Houae. Mr. O'sullivan here rose to aBk whether the Premier was in order in dealing with matters not before the comm it tee. After some discussion Mr. Melville ruled that under tho oir oumstanoei the hon. member was entitled to pro- ceed. Sir Henry Parkes went on at great length to recapitulate the political oareer of Mr. Dibbs, to that hon. iientleman's disadvantage. Ho accused that gentleman of having initiated tbe system of blaokenini; the character of his opponents. Some interruption having occurred, Mr. Crick accused Sir Honry Parkes of having used tho words "plunder" and " plunderers." Sir Henry Parkes said ho used the words in a Fick-crickian sense. Mr. Crick afterwards called the Premier a " hoary headed old sinner," and on being oilled to order said he also used the words in a Pick-criekian sense, and withdresv the expression. Sir Honry Parkes went on to vindicato himself from the nttaoks that had boen made upon him, and also defended Mr. Daviee. Mb. Dibbs contended that the Premier had not said on« word to justify that vote. Such misorahle drivel bad never been uttered in that House. While proceeding to rebut tho remarks made by the Premier he noticed that that gentleman had left the Chamber, and accused him of cowardly conduct in doing so. The late Parke* Governmont had fallen to pieces simply because of the corruption with which it was surroundod. He refusod to go on with his remarks until he saw tho Colonial Secretary in his place, and appealed to his collea_u<_ to keep up the debate until he got an opportunity of speaking in the presenoe of the Premier. Mr, Burns said tho abuse to which ho had been subjected had arisen from a misconception of his position. He had never made a singlo payment on account of the Casual Labour B 'ard, except on the authority of Sir Honry Parkes. He did not complain of the inquiry that hud been made, but he did complain of the way ia which tho inquiry was conducted. With regnr-1 to the Hornsby KB'ate, he did own some land there in conjunction with o-hers, and when the Government applied for permission to make a road through his property he allowed them to do so on oouaition that the ro >d was modo passable. The imputations that had been made against himself and the Government were entirely without foundation. Mr. Street said he had intended to vote against the item, but since he had heard the explanations made, ho should vote for it Mr. Lyno said the last speaker had evidently been rounded up by the Government whip. He condemned the action of the Govern- mont in regnrd to the Casual Labour Board. Mr. Tiaill suggested the adjournment of the debate, to which the Government agreed, and the Chairman left the chair and reported progress. Sir Honry Paikes moved that the House do now adjourn. Mr. Criok asked what the Premier intended to do with regard to the business of the country, and sug- gested that the Casual Labour Board home should bo postponed. An all-round ditcussion ensued on all sorts of subjeots. The House rose at l8 minutes to 2 o'olock. A most important measure was somewhat suddenly sprung on the Legislative Assembly last night by the Colonial Treasurer, Mr. M'Millan. The bill is intended to provide for the reduction of the debt on the railways of the colony by a series of annual payments, and although the Governmont have seen fit to maintain an amount of seciecy about tho measure, for which there can be no pos- sible reason at the present juncture, we are in- formed that the objeot of the bill is to pay off the million of money which the Ballway Com- missioners require for the renewal and increase of the rolling-stock on our railways. It will be remembered that a short time ago it was reported that the rolling-stock of the colony was in a most defectivo state, and as the result of the inquirios which were then made, the Commissioners have decided to expend about a million pounds in placing the rolling-Btook of tbe colony is a thoroughly efficient sta'e» This sum has been placed on the Loan Estimates under the heading of "Reconstruction and improvement of rolling-stock and permanent way," and the object of the bill which bos now been introduced ia to provide for the repayment of this sum by a series of annual payments, which will probably amount to about £75,000 yearly, and will extend over a period of some 15 years. The money to provide for these annual payments will, it is believed, be derived from the Baring which the Commissioners trust to effect in the working of the railways, together with the addi- tional profits which they hope will accrue from the working of the railways on their improved system. Tite following deputations will be received by tho Minister for Work* to-day : -10,80 mm., Rich- mond Municipal Council, with regard to proposed water supply for Richmond ; 11a.m., with regard to proposed railway from the Bock to Urana ; 11.30 a.m., with regard to proposed railway from Yurong Creek, in the direction of Urana ; 12.80 a.m., resi- dents of distriot, with regard to Field of Mars tramway route. Colonial Secretary, 11 a.m., from the New South Wales Fishermen's Association. On Friday morning the Minister for Lands will receive a deputation from the trustees of the Mac- donaldtown Public Park, asking for a grant of money to improve the park. The Public Works Committee took ovidenco yesterday respecting the proposed railway from Nyngan to Cobar. The only witness examined was Mr. Bussell Barton. He advocated the con- struction of a line of railway, which he thought could be made at a cost of £1500 a mile. If the projeot were his own speculation he would extend the line to Broken Hill. He thought that a rail- way to the Barrier would pay, and that it was ex- ceedingly discreditable to this colony that nothing had been done to provide railway communication for that part of the colony. He was in favour of the construction of a lino without stations and plat- forms, as well as without fences, leaving it to tho owners of stock on the route to protect their own cattle. He was, moreover, in favour of the utili- sation of the culverts on a portion of the line for damming back water. A QKEAT deal of dissatisfaction has been caused in all branches of tbe Civil service, owing to tho fact that the salaries for the past month, which became duo on the 1st instant, have not yet been paid. It has been pointed out that this delay in payment is productive of a serious amount of in convonionce to the smaller salaried Civil servants, who, as a rule, are not possessed of unlimited credit, and who have raroly much oash in hand at the end of tho month. It is amongst this class that the complaints are most loud and bitter. Tnr.TtE was a fall attendnnoo of dologatoB at yesterday's sitting of the National Protection Con- ference, now being held in tbe Now Maeouio Hall. Tho whole of the day was devoted to the disoussion of electoral reform, the establishment of a depart- ment of agriculture, the improvement of tho mining laws, water conservation, and the construction of light railways. Resolutions in favour of these sub- jeots were unanimously adopted. During the day Mr. Barton, the president, announced tbat, on tbe invitation of the National Club, a picnic* down the harbour would bo given on ? Friday afternoon to ' delegates attending ih» conference, providing the business was concluded. In the evening a large public meeting was held in the samo building, when , the speakers were Mr. J. Lucas, M.L.C., Mr. L. F. Heydon, M.L.C., Mr. T. T. Ewing, M.L.A., and Mr! Wilfrid Blacket. The conference to-day will discuss resolutions on differential railway rates and tho encouragoment of the colony's fisheries. Tnis evening Mr. Christie Murray will give a dramatic reoital in the Y.M.O.A. Hall of oxtructs from his writings. These will include " The Dia- mond Ring," " A Fact and a Parable," " The Story of Mr. King," "The Meditations of Michael Traeourtch (bound for the gallows)," and " The Showman's Ghost." Mr, Osoar Meykr, Commissioner for New South Wales at the New Zealand and South Soas Exhibi- tion, 1889-90, has forwarded his first report to the Premier. Ho reports that the site of tbo Exhibi- tion comprises 15 acres of ground, in a position in proximity to the centre of the town. The building is constructed in a stvle somewhat similar to that of the Melbourne Exhibition, hut of a lighter character ; and while no effort has boen spared to render it thoroughly suitable for its pur- pose, economy of cost has been closely studied. The space allotted to New South Wales is situated in the right wing, and parallel to that occupied by Victoria. On bis arrival he found that four ootaponal domes were erected in the most important positions of tho building. All of these had been taken possession of by tho New Zealand authorities ; but one of them bn'ng at the entrance to the New South Wales Court, ho at once objected decisively to this arrangement, and upon bringing the nutter under the notioo of tho president (Mr. John Roberts), that gontleman frankly» admitted the justice of his representation, and courteously ac- ceded to his request that tho whole of the space in question should be appropriated to the use of this colony. Some difficulty has been experience! in obtaining exhibits that would adequately represent the wool industry of the colony; and in order to prevent the ill-effect of a partial or incompleto dis- play, ho bas undertaken to purchase a limited number of suoh exhibits from the leading wool growers in various districts of New South Wales. A similar course, he proposes, shall b«~followed with regard to wines, A few private exhibits which appeared to deserve assistance have also boen accepted. As far as it is possible to judge at this time, the Now Soulh Wales Court will present an appearance, and display an abund- ance and variety o£ valuable products, that will place this colony on an equal footing at least with the most distinguished participant in the Exhibi- tion. Tita visit of Major-General Edwards, the officer commanding tbe British troops at Hongkong, to the=e colonies with a view to reporting to the Imperial authorities upon the defences and the oiganieation of the forces has been productive of a militury conference Yvhioh was recently arranged between the respective Governments of the different colonies Lieutenant Colonel Brownrigg and Major Fellowes have arrived from Melbourne, alsi Colonel French from Queensland, and already theBe officers have boen in conference with Major- General Edwards. Nothing has transpired as the result of the interviews, which up to the present have been more of a conversational than formal character. Sir Henry Parkes expects to hear something definite from Major-Geaoral Edwards at the eud of the week. H.M.S. Orlando is expected to leave hero early this morning for Brisbane, where it is proposed to remain for a while. She is to return to Sydney afterwards, and will go on to Melbourne in time to meet the Admiral upon his arrival from England. Of movements of men-of-war it may also be of in- terest that the French 'corvette Volta, which has boon docked here and subjocted to a refit, will very likely also le-ivo here to-day for Tahiti. During her stay of a few weeks the officers of the Volta have become fairly well ' acquainted with the scene-y of New South Wales by visiting the interior, and they are delighted with what they have seen. The French seotion of the colonists have also visited the corvette to some extent, and a very pleasant intercourse has taken place during the warship's brief stay. Both officers and crew ex« preis some regret that the day has arrived for taking their leave of Sydney. It has been remarked of the French orew that their demoanour ashore has been particularly unostentatious, and their conduct quiet and unassuming to a degree. There are on view in Mr. Paling's window some very excellent photographs of Captain Kane, of the Calliope. One of large size, in a frame, represents the captain in uniform, and is especially good for expression, likeness, and from an artistic point of view. Those of cabinet size are also fine specimens of photography, and are considered capital like- nesses. Mr. J. Hubert Newman, of 12, Oxford street, is the artist. Last night's experience in connection with what was announced as the " early profèrent admission to the area and gallery" at the performance of " Elijah" must be taken as serving to show the un- wisdom of experiments of the kind. On the eve of the performance the management decided to make a speoial charge of 5s, for early admission to the parts of the building mentioned that is to say, an extra charge of 2s,, and la, for the privilege of obtaining .an unguaranteed seat. How many people paid the extra charge, and thus secured admission to the building an hour and half before the oratorio commenced, we do not know ; but of this fact we have been assured, that a number of peoplo obtained admission without paying, or without presentins tickets, in the rush which followed the throwing open of the main door to the public In addition to the incouvenienco caused by keeping the main entrance shut while people were crushing outside to enter the building, the scanty provision in the way of sitting accommo- dation in tho gallery afforded perhaps not unreason- able grounds for complaint. On Tuesday evening next the members of the Marine Board ore to leave Sydney on their annual inspeo'ion of lighthouses and pilot-stations along the coust, The trip is likely to ocoupy about 10 days, Tho steamer Bega will be utilised for the purpose. Neutral Bay, yosterday afternoon, attracted more than an ordinary numbor of visitors owing to tho Oceanic Company's American steamer Mariposa taking her departure from that place for Son Fran- cisco. The departure of these stsamors under tho stars and stripes is invariably made the occasion for the assembling of a large proportion of our American cousins, and Captain Haywood himself has made a ho-t of friends as commander of the R.M.S. Mariposa, Yesterday among the visitors were j a great many passengers' friends and re- latives who, either by steam tender or small boat, boarded the steamer beioro she left. Amongst the old colonists who are taking a pleasure trip by the Mariposa aro Mr. and Mrs. Browne and family from Victoria, and in the theatrical world the Mariposa has on board the Katie Putnam Comedy Company, the members of whom havo made many friends in Sydney during their stay here. The visitors returned to a steam launch in waiting and chartored for the purpose, and as the Mariposa- headed down tbe harbour they accompanied her as far as the Heads. At the request of Mr. J. Young Wai, one of the Chinese missionaries in this city, Miss Jessie Philip paid another visit, on Sunday evonin1», to the Chinese mission room in Goulburn-btreot, and said farewell before returning to her work in Peking. A largo number of Chinese attended, and at the conclusion of the servico they presented her with a very handsome album, con- taining many of their portraits, and with the following inscription:-"To Mísb Jessio Philip. Dear Madam,-The Chinese Christians of the city of Sydney desire to thank you for your kind v¡BÍt and address, aud for the interest you have taken in their welfare. They also wish you a pleasant voyage on your return to China, and pray that your henlth may bo improved, and that you may bo much blessed by God in making known the Gospel of our Lord and Saviour among the Chinese. On behalf of the Chinese Christians, J. Youno Wai, Chinese Missionary of the Presbyterian Church of I New South Wales. Sydney, 29tb September, I 1889." The Chinese were much disappointed that I owing to pressure of time Miss Philip was unable ' to meet their w¡Bh to have a tea meeting on the following evening, in some hall where a larger , number could have attended, to testify their appre- ciation of the kindly words she has said on their behalf during ber visit to these colonies. Miss Philp leaves for China to-day, per Taiyuan. Yesterday afternoon a bazaar was opened in the Athenreum Hall, Dulwich Hill, in aid of the build- ing fund of the local Primitive Methodist Church. There was a good attendance. The opening cere | mony was performed by Mrs. O. Ferguson, who contributed , 20 guineas towards the fund. Addresses were given by the pastor (Rev. G-. James) and Ilev. J. A. Soper (Baptist). A number of clergymen were present The stalls were ladon with a numerous and varied collection of gooda, whilo many forms of amusement were visible. The following ladies were present in superintendence of the stalls :-Mesdames James, Matthews, Dickenson, Breda, Yeo, Peters, Betts, Blamire, and Rogers, and the Mines'Shaw (2), Lake, and Rocklitt. Tho bazaar will remain open for several days. A disputed will case came before Mr. Justice Owen and a jury of four yesterday in the Ecclesi- astical Jurisdiction of the Equity Court, and lasted all day. The plaintiffs were Jane M'Lennan and Edsvin Smith, executrix and executor respectively of the late Archibald Alexander M'Lonnan, of Dungog, farmer; and the defendants wore Jessie Fisher and William Fisher, who opposed probate of the will on the ground that at the time it was executed tbe testator was not of sound and dis- posing mind, and that he was induced to make it by undue influence and coercion on the part of Jane M'Lennan. The jury, without calling upon plaintiffs to submit any evidence in reply, found all the issues in their favour. The jury which was locked up on Tuesday night in the case of Richard Hancock, charged at the Quarter Sessions with stealing a mare, had not agreed on being called into Court yesterday morning and were discharged, Hancock being bound over to appear when called upon, Yesterday, Peroy Albert Grog was found guilty of bigamy, and Mary Cecilia Knapp, a siokly looking woman, of stealing some pieces of tweed, the jury adding a strong recommendation to mercy. Anne Rolles waa found not guilty on a charge of malioiously wounding a Mrs. Bates. Four small boys were presented on a charge of stealing some cigars, but his Honor Judge Backhouse thought it better to postpone their trial till the Attorney- General bad expressed an opinion as to prosecuting the youngest of them, who was baroly 12 years of age. In regard to a letter on "Delayed Telegrams " by " A Londoner " in our issue of yesterday, we are requested by the Electro Telegraph Department to say that when the message was handed in at the head office the messenger who brought it was told by the clerk that as the William-street office was closed for the night the message could not be deli- vered till 9 o'clock next morning, and be was advised to tako the message to the addressee. He replied that he would leave it The message was there- upon accepted, and marked to go the morn- ing, wheo it was sent at 8.-l-l a.m" and delivered at 9.5 a.m. Monday next, 7th instant being Eight-hours De- monstration Day, the Itailsvay Commissioners have decided to issue holiday excursion tickets from Sydney and the suburbs to Goulburn, Bathurst, and Kiama, on Saturday, 5th instant, available for return until the following Wednesday. A concession has been made to tourists taking tickita on Saturday, 5th instant, which will be available by the return train on Monday, or by any train (express exraptod ' arriving in Sydney on Tues- day, 8th instant. On Saturday and Monday excursion trains will run to the Hawkesbury Risrer, and Captain Murray has arranged to run the steamer General Gordon in connection therewith. On Saturday and Monday special trains will convey passengers to Como and the National Park, returning the same day. For details see our advertising columns. 