THE STATUE BOOM. THE erection of statues has becomo fashion able of late, at all events in our sister gold field city, as a means of perpetuating great men's memories. Ballarat has, in addition to the statuary in the Botanical Gardens, effigies of Burns and Wallace, two very different types of Scotchmen. A statue of Thomas Mooro will very soon bear testimony to the presence in the same city of many arf'onfc admirers of that poet, and now a movement is being entered upon with great heartiness for the erection of a statue of William Shakspeare. If there is any poet who more than another should be con sidered as having a monument in his works, it is Sliakspeare, and with, or without a Btatue, the Bard of Avon will not run any risk of being forgotten. These undertakings on tho part of the good people of Ballaraf, eUOV the existence of a very commendable spirit, uot only of admiration of men of genius and of warlike ronown, but of tii admiration which takes shape in an un grudging liberality. While many people will be inclined to call into question the wisdom of putting money into statues, it cannot be denied that by their heartiness in contribut ing BO liberally to the erection of the statues of Burns, Moore, Wallace and Shakspeare, the citizens of Ballarat show most unmistak ably that thoy have souls above . tho mere desire to amass wealth. We may be sure that those who havo contributed to tho erection of theso statues, are already liberal giver* in other directions and in aid of needy objects. The people of Ballarat are no doubt ready to admit that in erecting statues, their money is being devoted to an end ."more for ornament than use," but we may conclude that not only the admirers of Shakspearo, but even those who have a very' hazy notion of what Shakspeare was famous for, will point with houeH pride to his statue as one of the ornamonts to Ballarat. It is after all a question of pride in tho city one callr. his home, and a desire to make it attractive in tho eyes of all beholders. All honor then to the citizens of Ballarat who, having the money, hive the heart to make such a worthy use of it. The public movement which eventuated in the unveiling of the statue of General Gordon in Melbourne la3t week had an entirely different origin. It was first mooted when the news of tho tragic of Cljavlps George CJordon was fiaaliqci over the electric wives to our shores. Tho Australian people like those of nearly every civilized community, had for months regarded ?with deep concern the position in which the brave, adventurous spirit had been placed far away in the besieged city of Khartoum. The tardiness of the. British Government to send relief was felt almost with tho same intense displeasure in Aus tralia as in England. It was not ta be wondered at therefore that upon the news of the fall . of Khartonin and tho death of Gordon being authenticated, a proposal to erect a statue in his honor WUB taken up with great heartiness in the metropolis. The movement was a worthy one in honor of a worthy man, and the noble life of General Gordon should hare a great influence for good. The statues in Ballarat are in honor of men who lived in the past, but that of Gordon is in honor of a man whoso deeds belong to the present day and generation. It has been suggested that a statue should be erected to the memory of Mr. Francis Ormond. We have already had occasion to refer to his noble philanthropy, and whether a statue be erected or not, he will leave enduring monuments of his life in the Ormond and Working Men's Colleges. There is, how ever, much to commend the proposal for an Ormond statue. If our inclinations are to be turned statuewards, by all mean3 let our bronze and marble effigies depict the forms and features of well-known Australian celebrities. The statues, provided they are good, will be as ornamental, whether representing Shakspeare or some lesser light, and by erecting statues to prominent Australians we will show our visitors that we have not to go to the old world alone in search of subjects for our admiration. From a correspondent signing himself "Public Progress," wo have received one guinea towards the erection of a statue or statues iu Sandhurst. The writer names no particular hero whoso figure he would like to see upon a pedestal. His sole desire is to have Rosaliad Park and the principal Btreets adorned in the manner proposed, and he expresses his belief that in the evont of such a movement being taken up, the Germans will be the first to give their aid. At the time subscriptions were taken up in Mel bourne for the Gordon statue, a collection was made in Sandhurst for the purpose of recognising in some way the same distin guished General. Something like £70 was collocted, and if we remember rightly,it was decided to expend the interest on that sum on an annual Gordon trophy to bo com peted for amoug the cadets. We do not recollect having heard anything more of it. If the intontion of the committee has not been carried out the subject might be re considered, and with the aid of a few hundred more men like " Public Progress," steps might be taken to erect a Gordon statue in Sandhurst. EIGHT PAGES.-Our issue of this morning consists of eight pagus. THE MINISG COMMISSION.-Our Melbourne correspondent says :-The appointment of two Royal Commissions, one to inquire into the gold mining and the other into the coal mining industries of the colony, has beeu eagerly dis cussed in political circles. A forecast of the personnel of the proposed commission is pub lished in one of the evening journals, but it is simply, a guess, nothing more. The Prsmier .declines to give any. information on the subject until all the gentlemeu asked have intimated their willingness to act. THE PRESENTATION to the mayoress (Mrs. J. Cohn) at the return ball, which is to take place next Tuesday evening, will take the form of a very handsome diamond bar brooch. The brooch will be on view to.day at Mr. Credging ton's, Pall Mull, where it was purchased. SANDHURST MUSICAL TALENT.-In June lust y were held by Dr. Torrance and Mr. J. Summers, Government musical inspector. For the cer tificate of competency to teach, there were only two candidates. The test Svns very severe, and required an advanced knowledge of music, as well as of the laws of harmony. Mr. A. G. Fipster, juur., of Sandhurst, was one of the candidates, and he has now received the agree able notification that he passed in every section of the examination, and has received the certifi cate, which is the highest credential obtainable in the colony at the present time. STEALING A BOTTLE OF WHISKEY.-Yester day afternoon, a man about 35 years of age named George Bray stole a bottle of whiskey from the Denmark Hotel, in King- street, kept by Mrs. Haddon. Bray was followed and cap tured by Mr. A. M'Amey, a brother-in-law of Mrs. Haddon's, with the stolen bottle in his possession. M'Amey took the bottle of whisky and marched Bray to the lock-up. On the way thither Bray suddenly snatched the bottle from M'Amey, and smashed it on the roadway. COMMISSIONER FOR TAKI.NO AFFIDAVITS.-Mr. G. V. Aspinall, Assistant Clerk of Petty Sessions at Sandhurst, has been Appointed a Commissioner of the Supreme Court for taking affidavits. GENERAL SESSIONS.-The Court of General Sessions was opened yesterday morning before His Honor Judge Chomley. The only ease on the list was that of Ada Ah Wong, for stabbing in the face with a knife, whilst drunk, Eliza beth Nest, at the Inglewood Chinese camp on the 23rd of last month. Accused was sentenced to two months' imprisonment. One juryman named Biptiste Vulli, landlord of the Red White and Blue Hotel, was fined £2 for non attendance. THE KISSING CASE.-A young man named George Winch (says the "Telegraph") has come into possession of property in Sydney of con siderable value in a remarkable manner. He is a butcher by occupation, and carried on busi ness iu Clifton Hill. Recently he took the liberty of kissing one of his customers-a married woman. A prosecution followed for an assault, and lie was fined LG Gs. The publicity given to the proceed ings happened to arrest the attention of a firm of solicitors in -Sydney who had been ap- j pointed trustees of certain propersy which had been left to Mr, Winch by a distant relative some nineteen years ago, and the solicitors were until now unable to find any trace of the heir. The newspaper report of the kissing episode at tracted their attention, and therein they saw his namu, and communicated with him. He has furnished the history of his antecedents, and established his identity beyond a doubt. ME. CU. H, KINC;.-An exchange says : "There was an organ recital in St. Mark's Church, Melbourne, last Mouday, which deserves more than passing notice. Mr. CU. H. King, of Sandhurst, was to have played Max Bruch's violin concerto, but by request substituted the magnificent slow movement from Beethoven's coneerto for the same instrument, and gave a thoroughly artistic performance of it to an admirable accompaniment on the piano, forte by Mr. E. M. Bach-King, organist of the Cathedral, Newcastle. LARCENY.-A lad named Peter Petuli, was given into the custody of Senior.constable Hayes, at Long Gully yesterday, for stealing a \- packet of cocoa valued at 4^d. It seems that ti e accused was iu Mr. Si-umonds' store at. Long Guily, and took the packet of cocoa from off the counter. WOODKND.-We have received from the Rev. .T. Allen, curate of Woodeud, a pamphlet on Woodend, its climate compared with Mel bourne, togethei with notices of its water supply and scenery. The writer considers rural Woodend as a tine retreat for families residing in Melbourne or Sandhurst to escape the heat of summer months. He points out that it is ],S00 faet above Melbourne, and enjoys all the salubrity and crispness without the rigor and harshness of an accessible mountainous neighbor hood; and being on tho northern side of the Dividing Range is effectually protected from the fogs and damp to which Maeedon is exposed on tho southern Blope. The water supply ia con sidered unsurpassed in the world, whilo the scenery at Hanging Rock and the view from Mount Maeedon are magnificent. The nights in summer are remarkably cool. LAUCIE ORANGES.-We have been shown two very largo oranges, which turned the scales at 2 lb3. 10 ozs. The oranges were grown by Ml. James Alien, Casley- street. Long Gully, and will be on view at Messrs. Hyden Bros., Char ing Cross, to-day. COHN'S BREWERY FIRE BRIGADE held one of their practices on Thursday afternoon ill again examining the plugs surrounding the neighbor hood of their depot, viz., Bayne, Stewart, and Bridge-streets. The contingent was under tho charge of Lieutenant Moore, and it found the plugs iu a fairly satisfactory condition. BACHELORS' QUADRILLE ASSEMBLY.-In con sequence of the return ball to tho mayor being on Tuesday evening nexti, tho above have arranged for their assembly to take place on Monday evening, the night previous, at the usual place, the Masonic Hall. The committee have decided to conclude the series on the next gathering, but they intend holding two more re unions on the 23rd July and (jtb August, and to wind up their successful season with a masque rade ball nt the Town Hall on Tuesday ovsping, 20th August. LARCENY BY A DOMESTIC SERVANT.-Yester day Constable Davidson arrested :t domestic servant named Kute Malone, for the alleged larceny of Q gold scarf pin valued at £1 5s. the property of a man named Drake. The accused was employed as a domestic servant at a board ing house iu Mollison-street where Drake was boarding. The pin was missed on Wednesday, and information having been given to the police, inquiries were made -which led to the discovery of the pin in the possession of a young man named Charles Jackson, a resident of Queen street, to whom the girl had given it. She v.as bailed out in one surety of £10 to appear at the police court this morning. THE TRAVELLING DAIRY.-The arrangements in connection with the dairy when in Sandhurst did not run smoothly, but (writes our travelling reporter) they are still more unsatisfactory at Bridgewater. The North-western Agricultural Society had received intimation that the dairy would be at work at the Bridgewater Cheese Factory on Tuesday last, but through several mishaps it has not yet been got into working order. A number of farmers, some of them travelling many miles, have come into Bridge water to see the dairy at work, but have bad to return home disappointed, and no little dis satisfaction has been caused thereat. However, it appears that v.orlc will definitely be com menced on Saturday and continued daily fsr a week. " B " COMPANY, SANDHURST DETACHMENT. An advertisement notifies the postponement of the rifle match arranged for to-day. Captain Robins received a telegram last night from the officer in charge at Talbot, stating that the Mounted Rifles had been called out, by a tele gram from head quarters, for aetive service, and so the match iad to fall through. With regard to the section competition on Queen's Birthday, for the £10 trophy, won by the com-, pany, Colonel Aitken has notified' to Captain Robin the result. No. 3 section, under Ser geant J. Okey, takes first plane, and gains the trophy. The non-commissioned officers and men of this section have generously resolved to present the money to ono of the comrades, Sergeant Walker, of "A" Company, who has been laid up in hospital with a severe illness. A kind act like this speak3 well for the detach ment. SCHOOL OF MINKS.-The Registrar (Mr. D. J. Moorhead) notifies that the third quarter for. students begins on Monday next. UNREGISTERED DOGS.:-The Dog Inspector intimates by advertisement that legal proceed ings will be taken against all owners of unregis tered dogs. WESLEVAN* CHURCH, CALIFORNIA GULLY. The anniversary of this church takes place to morrow. Three services will be held. The tea and public meeting are to come off on Monday evening. CAKE AND APRON PAIR.-The cake and apron fair in connection with the Girls' Friendly Society was continued at St. Paul's schoolroom yesterday. There was a fair attendance, and a good sum was realised from the articles sold. THE REV. PHILIP MOSES, whose illustrated lectures have found much favor in several parts of the colony, intends to pay Sandhurst a visit; during the present month, delivering several lectures in the Masonic Hall in the week com mencing 22nd July. His lectures are made specially interesting by the production of ap propriate scenery and effects, and the subjects "Tho tower of London," '"Westminster Abbey," etc., offer special opportunities in that direc tion. GOOD ISTSNT SOCIETY-Tho usual monthly meeting was held at the Temperance Hall on Thursday last, there being present Miss Wade (in the chair), Mrs. Jones, and the Misses Sahlberg, Davison, Ward, Ashworth, Souter, and Milburn. The secretary reported that a numoer 01 cases una oeea relieved during tne month, and several new cases were mentioned where help was greatly needed. It was stilted that these cases would probably increase during the winter months , so that with an increasing heavy drain on the funds, the society would be cempelled to deny some applicants unless the benevolent citizens would extend sympathy and help. After the usual routine business the meoting closed. KAGLEHAWK POLICE COURT.-Messrs. T. J. Cellar and E. M'Cormack, Js.P., attended the court yesterday morning. Constable Dererall proceeded against John M'Namara, Francis M'Namara, and Michael M 'Namara for remov ing stone from Crown lands without a license. They were fined respectively 2s 6d, with 2s 6d costs. Stephen Torphy for illegally having 27 saplings in Ilia possession was fined 03, and 27s the value of the sapling. One debt case was dealt with, and the court adjourned. FOREST-STEKT SKATING CLUB.-This club held its second meeting at the Forest-street. Rink last night. Between 60 and 70 persons were present, and a very enjoyable evening was spent. The club has now established itself, and should receive large patronage. ADDITIONS TO TEACHEKS' DWELLINGS.- Dr. Pearson has decided to make better provision for the housing of State school teachers (states the " Age") who are placed in charge of small schools in remote and thinly populated parts of the colony Owing to the scarcity of suitable accommodation in these districts the depart ment has been compelled to attach to such schools a fow dwelling rooms for the use of the teachers. Hitherto the accomodation has been limited to two rooms, but the Minister recog nises this to be totally inadequate if the teacher happens to have a family, and has given direc tions for the construction of portable rooms, which the department will rent to any teiclier requiring extra accommodation for his.family. A charge of L5 is to be made for transporting two rooms to any part of the colony, and the rent payable is to bo determined by the cost of the building, the department only expecting a return of 5 per cent. SANDHURST Temperance VOLUNTEER FIRE BRIGADE.-The monthly meeting of the Tem perance Volunteer Fire Brigade was held on Thursday erening; Captain Reid in the chair. Correspondence was received from Superinten dent Steiu, Metropolitan Fire Brigades Asso ciation, and Country Fire Brigades' Association re the late fire brigade dispute, but 110 action was taken, CVptain Reii having reported that at a meeting of the Country'Fire Brigades Association the two parties had come to an agreement. From W. Straughair, enclosing resignation as an active member, which was received and accepted with regret. One member waj struck off for non-attend ance. At this stage of the meetirg mem ber Davey was presented with a certifi cate for three years' active service; ulso two medals were presented to C. 0. Carr and member S. Wolstencroft, being the successful competitors in the late competition among the members. Captain Reid reported that the certificate of honorable mention which was awarded to the brigade for discipline at the Ballarat demonstration had arrived, and is on view at Mr. Ingram's, hatter, l'all Mall. One caiulidats was nominated as active member. After some other routine business the meeting closcd with a vote of thanks to Captain Reid for the trouble aud time he had spent in the late firo brigade question. SILVER WEDDING. — On Thursday a very enjoyable evening was spent at the residence of Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Hicks, in celebration of the 25th anniversary of their wedding day. The worthy couple having passed a quarter of a century together contentedly and happily, determined to mark their appreciation of each other and their affection for their relatives and friends by a celebration. Invitations were issued and friends and relatives to the number of 30 assembled and thoroughly enjoyed them- selves till the small hours. The happy couple were the recipients of some useful and orna- mental presents, besides many wishes for their continued welfare. THE BURDEN OF TAXATION. — During the course oi the debate on the the Public. Service Bill on Thursday evening (states the " Argus ") Mr. M'Coll quoted statistics which explained tho anxiety of some members to carry out the wishes of tin1 public servants. Mr. Hayter had informed him that, including 15,000 in the Rail department, there were 31,247 persons of both sexes employed by the Government, and, de ducting 5,000 to account for females, it uas found that one out of every twelve male persons above the age of 16 years was in the service of the State. The total amount pai,-l in salaries was £3,452,857, or at the rate of £3 3s. 3V1. per head of population. Theso figures were not quoted until the House had almost risen. The CLAN-NA-GAEL.-The disclosures which, during the investigation into the murder of Dr. Cronin, have been made concerning the opera tions oi the infamous Clan-na-Gael organisation have (says tho " Ago" correspondent) pro\oked a atrong feeling of indignation amongst tho resi dents of Chicago. A mass meeting was held in tho city last wight, at which horror was ox pressed at the brutal murder of Dr. Cronin, and the members of the Clan-na-Gael were denounced as a gang of assassins who, under the shelter of tho American flag, wore endeavoring to usurp the attributes of Government in decreeing the death of obnoxious persons, exacting fealty and levying war against a nation with which America was friendly. The meeting passed a resolution formally demanding that the Govern ment should intervene to suppress this odious organisation. BEASTS of BURDEN IN CHINA.-Chinamen have such regard for beasts . of burden, sueh as the ox aud the mule, that they make companions of thorn when alive, and never use their meat for food when they are dead. These animals usually livo in the same building with their niasters, but in a separate apartment, which is especially devoted to them. They are not re quired to eat at tho family table unless they wish to, and meals are served in their rooms without extra charge. They are expected to report any incivility or inattention on the part of servants to the master of the house. A pair of oxen can reside in the house of their master and enjoy all the privacy they would have in a stall of their own, and a sensitive and retiring inule is never in any danger of being intruded, upon. Yef gome people thin!; Qbjptiiijsn qrq not jjoijt?, THE STRATTIFEI.TISAYE EL:SCTTO>:S. - P_18B where, Sir. James Braddish announces his can didntura for the vacant seat in the StratlitieUV saye Riding of the shire of Struthtieldsaye at the annual elections in August. TOTAL ABSTINENCE SOCIETY. -The monthly public temperance meeting will be held in t1 e Temperance HaU next Tuesday evening. THE MAP.O>-O SHIRE ELECTIONS.-Mr. Chris, tian Yogele announces his candidature for the vacancy, caused by the retirement of Cr. Burke for the north-east riding of thfe Marong Shire. CHEAP GAS.-The Metropolitan Gas Com pany have announced a farther reduction in the <;as rate. Commencing from 1st July, the charge will be-53. per thousand feet, in h'eu 0j ! the 5s. 4d. rate which has been in operation j since 1st July, 1888. Since the -Metropolitan | Company's initiation iu 1887, the public have benefited by reductions ranging from 7s. Gd. per 1,000 feet. HEAD- HEAKT-HAND.- Every boy should ' have- his head, his heart, and his hand edu cated. Let this truth never be forgotten. By the proper. education of the head he will be taught what is good and what is evil, what is wise and what is foolish, what is right and what i3 wrong. By the proper education of the heart, he will be taught to love what is good, wise and right, and to hate what is evil foolish', and wrong. By the proper education of the hands, he will be enabled to supply hig wants, to add to his comforts, and to assist others. The highest objects of a good educa tion are, to reverence and obey God, and to love and serve mankind. Everything that helps in attaining those objects is of great value"; and .everything that hinders us is comparatively worthless. Wjien -wisdom reigns in the head, and love in the heart, the man is evei* ready to do good: And if his executive ability be equal to his enlightened sentiments order and peace reign, and failure and suffering are almost unknown. THE COBOXATIOX PROCESSION OF KINO WIL ! LIAM IV.-About this even Carlyle writes 13 ; follows :-This morning (8th September, 1831) I half incidentally saw the coronation procession, I which seventy or eighty thousand woodenheads | besides were looking at. It only detained me some five or ten miuutes. Quantities of caps and feathers, and then at last the Eoyal car riage, all made of glass and gilding, more like a huge glass lantern than anything I ever saw; and there the poor old ICiug and poor ugly Queen, dimly seen sitting like two foolish wax dolls (which they were) letting themselves bs trailed in their lantern go-cart. What took me I know not, but I burst into the heartiest fits of laughter I have had for some time; and perhaps one ought rather to have cried; foi it was the ghost of tha past perhaps taking final leave of a world, where as body or as ghost it has now walked for some three thousand years ! I'oor King : they will be consecrating him and cloth ing him even now in that old abbey; and what avails it to him or to me or to any man or woman ! tx n hilo nihil at ALCOHOL AND LONGEVITY.-There is prob ably .110 point upon which doctors disagree more than the effect of alcohol upon longevity Ac Uianal tables; published a month "or two 'aeo showed that the total abstainer and the habitual drunkard have very nearly the same average length of life, and the longest lived person to be the moderate drinker,, his average bein* several years longer than that of the teetotaller or the inebriate. This conclusion, how ever is dtmuted by Dn Owen, who, .on behalf of the Lntish Medical Association, has been invest^, ting. the subject, and who looks upon the moderate drinker in s fashion after Jlr. Dawson Burns a own heart. But the inference drawn from t.ie actuarial statistics is confirmed bv one eminent example. There could not be a finer specimen of physical vigor aud vitality in t old age than Mr Gladstone, and the right hon gentleman _ drinks claret at luncheon, cham pagne during dinner, and invariably a class of port wine after that meal. MODERATE DRINKING.-The temperance plat form has also beyond doubt grossly exaggerated ,the effect of moderate drinking, in tempting on ward to excess. To maintain that a man who is in the habit of taking daily a glass of wine or beer must inevitably contract a craving w hich will lead to his becoming a drunkard, is neces sary no doubt for the justification of those who advocate indiscriminate repression ; but nothing can be more flagrantly at variance with obvious facts. An_ ordinary English gentleman takes a glass of wing daily at dinner without feeling any more tempted to swallow the whole contents of the decanter than he is to swallow thewlic.e contents of the the mustard pot from which he takes a spoonful with his beef. A man may play a game of cribbage with his wife without becoming a gambler. If Johnson found abstinence easier than temperance, it was be cause he had once been intemperate. He knew that his own case was peculiar. To most men, as they require physical enjoyment of some kind,_ temperance is easier than abstinence. The Spaniards regularly drink w ine, yet Croker, in lus i ravels in Spain," says, "The habitual temperance of these people is really astonishing; nevu,r saw a Spaniard drink a second glass of wine. Another English tourist says -" In all our wanderings through town and country, along the highways and byeways of the land from Bayonne to Gibraltar, we never saw more than four men who fivere the least intoxicated." -Goldwin Smith, in Macmillan's Magazine. . A BOT's ESSAY ON " BREATHING."-A boy, fourteen years old, recently imported from Kentucky, handed the following in as a compo "Breathing." The instruction was, lell all you can about the breathing." He said;-" Breath is made of air. We breathe with our lungs, our lights, our kidneys. If it wasn't for our breath we would die when wo slept. Our breath keeps the life a-going through the noso when we are asleep. Boys that stay in a room all day should not breathe. I hey should w ait till they get out of doors. Boys in a room make bad, unwholesome air. j. hey make carbotiicide. Carbonicide is poisoner than ? mad dogs. A heap of soldiers was in a black hole m India, and a carbonicide got in that, there black hole and killed nearly every one afore morning. Girls kill the'breath with coi'osits that squeezes the diagram. Girls can't holler or run like bova because their diagram is squeezed too much. If I wa3 a girl I'd ruther be a boy, so I can holler or run and have a great big diagram." ?A GOOD FEATURE.-A widow called at a sculptor's studio to seethe clay model of the bust of her husband. "I can change it in any ^particular that you may desire," he said. The l widow looked afc it with tearful eyes. "The nose is large. ' "A large nose is a sign of good ness, said the artist. The widow wiped away her tears, and sobbed-''Well, then, make it a little larger." HOUSES AND ELECTRIC GARS.-An interest tag P"int in connection with the first running of electric cars in New York was the effect that the appearance of the cars had on horses. A Aew "York horse is accustomed to sights and sounds that would turn a country horse's mane and tail " white in a single night," but even the superior metropolitan beast has no love for entirely new and unexplained pheno mena. Jt was noticed, however, that horses attached to ordinary carts and carriages, while they took a deep interest in electric cars showed little fear of them, but horses attached to other street cars, when they first saw the now machines,_ became almost unmanageable from terror. No satisfactory reason could be given for this state of things, especially as street car horses have generally been noted for strict sobriety and attention to duty than for any undue interest in outside matters. The only plausible explanation that has been offered is that these horses may regal d the electric cars as " scabs," and see iu them a danger of the loss of their occupation. "SHOULD BE WRITTEN IN GOLD."-In tho interesting notes on the lectures of Coleridge, contributed to the Athenaeum by a correspon dent, there occurs the following sentence, which should be written in gold above the writing table of beginners :-" The great source of bad writing-is a desire in the writers to be thought something more than men of sense. Language is made a sort of leapfrog. Our poetry runs after something more than human; our prose runs after our poetry; and even our conversation follows in the pursuit." It is an amplification of the stern saying which Carlyle loved to re peat henever you write anything which looks particularly fine, strike itout." ONE WAY OF LOOKING AT IT. - "There's anither row up at tho Sou tars'," says Wullie \Y ilsou, as he shook the rain from his plaid and took his accustomed seat by the inn parlor fire. "I heard them at it as I cam* by juist noo." " ^y> r-y ; there's aye some fun gain' on at the Soutars'," said another of the company, with a laugh. "Fun? I shouldn't think there's much fun in those disgraceful family distur bances," said the schoolmaster. " Aweel, it's no so vera bad, after a'," said the other, who had hi.* share of matrimonial strife. " You see, when the wifo gets in her cantrips, she ayo throws a plate or a brush, or may be twa three, at Sandy's heid. Gin she hits him she'* glad, and gin she misses him he-« glad; sac, ye see, there's aye some pleasure to ae side or the ither." His " RE-COVERED " GAMP.-A long suffer ing friend, >vho had lost many umbrellas, fell upon the expedient of -.jutting his name and ad dress on the handle of a good one. But this did not prevent his gamp again going astray. Some months after his loss he was surprised to re ceive it bock from an umbrella shop with an account " To covering umbrella, 10s." This was too much happiness, so he went to the shop and said, "Look here, Mr. , I don't want to know who left my umbiella to be covered, but through a mistake of your shopman I have now got back my property. But I'll see you blowed before I pay for the covering. Give my compliments to my unknown benefactor, and tell liitn he has got off cheap with having to pay that ten shillings." The shopman looked dumb-, founded, but kept his own counsel, and to tthis day our friend does not know to which one of his widp circle of friends ho owes his " re* yyycyet}" injibfclja, DESERTERS TROM THE ARMY.-A writer on English deierters in "All the tear Round " says " Pure and simple dislike to the service seems to be the common cause for desertion, but it is interesting to note the reasons given by deserters themselves for the extreme course they have adopted. The chaplain of a London prison some time ago made an attempt to find out from the. 616 men confined there for deser tion the causes which had induced them to abandon the colors. Of "this number 161 informed him that they had left the army because they fervently hated the life which they found themselves obliged to lead; 114 confessed that drink had been the cause of their misbehavior; 100 that they had deserted ' to better themselves ;' seventy two Urged that they had allowed them selves to bo influenced by the persuasion of bad oompanions; fifty-one had gone on the spree, had overstayed their leave, and , had not been able to pluck up courage to return to their regiments, through, fear of-the consequences of their indiscretion; forty eight had been so badgered by their comrades, or had found the treatment of the non-commissioned officers so harsh, that they had been driven to seek refuge in (light; forty-one had absented them selves fur some cause or other, and disclaimed any real intention of deserting; debt had driven sixteen to take the fatal step; a dozen had rim tisvay because leave had been refused them; and, finally, one had absconded because lie had been foolish enough to cet married without leave." SOME GOLUEX RULES.-The following, from an unknown source, contains advice which experienced business men endorse and young men will do well 'to follow:-Have but ;one business, know it thoroughly, and attend personally to its minutest details. . Be ' self! reliant,- concentrate your energies in a de termination and supreme effort to conquer success. Keep your own counsel, attend strictly to business, and never dabble in any thing foreign to it; curtail your expenses, never sacrifice safety to prospective large returns; cut short your Josses and let your profits run on, and make your prime movers industry, economy and fair dealing! It is the merest rant and bosh to rely on Luck. He is always indolent and whining, folding his arms, drinking and smoking, waiting for big prizes in lotteries, or lying abed expecting a letter with news of a legacy. On the contrary, labor and pluck are the inviueible heroes who conquer success; they strike out new paths, create, con trive, think, plan, originate, take all legitimate risks, toil to surmount obstacles, push forward, win renown by success. The glorious galaxy of successful business men and illustrious authors have all been hard workers. Slum bad com pany and the prevalent vices of the day, . never loan a borrowing friend more than you are able to lose if he cannot pay, and take a loan on importunity. Never bortsow money to specu late with. Acquire knowledge. It is only enlightened men who successfully hold their own with the surging masses who throng the road to riches. Avoid law and legal squabbles of every kind. Tn discussing business dis agreements, keep cool. Make all the money you can and do all the good you can with it, remembering that he who lives for himself alone lives for the meanest man in creation. If engaged in public business, advertise it; be punctual in "meeting promised payments; keep short accounts; settle often; be clear and ex plicit in making Inrgains. Be civil "and obliging as well as decisive and prompt with customers, and do not overtrade your capital. Finally, in the maturity of life, don't rust out by retiring from business; keep bright 'by useful effort, remembering that industry ;und happiness are inseparable. CHARACTER.-Ts o work of human hands "is ever done without a picture of it bavins been first formed-in the mind of the doeiC The architect's plan, the artist's picture, the law! yei's plea, the husbandman's harvest, 'exist in . imagination before they do in actuality, and' they owe all their excellence ariit beauty to the character of these imaginings and to the-degree in which they have been faithfully represented.' So -in character-thfere is that which is' and that which ought to be,'and the first, which is practical, derives all its worth from its ;resem blance to the second, which is ideal;:,; We must have a conception of justice before we can be just, a mental picture of truthfulness, or purity, or kindness before we can be truthful, or pure, or kind. The. good man must be both ideal and practical; and indeed he cannot be the latter in its best sense unless he is in the former, for he cannot bring into activity virtues of which he has never conceived. .< . How TO DIGNIFY TIIE MECHANICAL AKTS. We have seen how the literary education which we now.consider so' essential was-regarded,in England-as ungentlemanly. It is-not Jong since the physician or leech was, as Hallam saysj .'an inexhaustible theme of popular ridicule.". The barber's pole, so common in our streets, re calls a time, not so iong past, when the barber practised blood-letting and other medical arts., it is within our own memory that the dentist stood on a level with the barber; indeed, the two were often the same person. How is it that all this is changed; that literature, medi cine, and dentistry have become gentlemanly occupations? Simply,'I think, because they are now taught scientifically, and institutions have boen established'for that purpose.,. It niay be laid down as a general, rule that whatever, is taught in school will soon become respectable and gentlemanly, while that' which is pick'ed'up in the home or the workshop will always be regarded as meni 1. * A BEAUMTTO LITTLF. STORY.-The following is quoted by "Unity" from the "Journal of Women's Work":-"A newsboy took' the Sixth Avenue' elevated railroad cars at Park Place, New York, at noon on Thanksgiviiig Day, and sliding into one of the cross seats tell asleep. At Grand-street two young women got on and took seats opposite to t!?& lad. His feet were bare, his-.hat liad..fallen off. Presently the young girl leaned over and placed her muff under the little fellow's dirty cheek. An-old gentleman in-thd next seat smiled at- the act, and without saying any thing, held out a quarter with a nod toward the boy. Die girl hesitated a moment, and then reached for it.' The next man just as silently offered a dime, a woman across,the aisle held out some pennies, and before she knew it, the girl with flaming cheeks had taken money from every passenger in that; end of the car. She quietly slid the amount into the sleeping lad's pocket, removed the muff gently from under his head without rousing him, and got off at Tweinty Third-street, in cluding all the passengers in a pretty little inclination of the head that seemed full of thanks and acommon secret.-" ^ PHYSICAL PUNISHMENT AS AX 'INTELLECTUAL STIMULANT.-There was a .time when punish ments of all kinds were unduly severe, and when children especially were treated with a cruelty which roused indignation to a white heat. The pendulum is now swinging, or has already swung, to the opposite extreme, and there are outcries heard on all hands that there ought to be practically no puuishment at all. iorto mauy children the mild reproof, the standing out, the shutting up for a few hours in a solitary but a well-lighted call, it would be absurd to call punishments. Doubtless there are sensitive boys and girls for whom these methods are sufficient; and if the teacher is fit for his post at all, he knows these sensitives one3, and treats them as their temperament requires. There are many boys and girls who have not sufficient intelligence to thoroughly understand the baseness of a lie or the wickedness of theft. For such as these sharp physical pain is absolutely neces sary as a stimulus to the intellect. The cry for excessive mildness may be good-natured, but it is of the very essence, of imbecility. It is contrary to both nature and reason, and can have no other result but the ruin ot those on whose behalf it is made. So far as the health aspect of the question, is concerned, a good, wholesome "skelping," as the author of "Rab and his Friends" called it, is often decidedly beneficial to a youngster. There are several parts of the anatomy where sharp, biting strokes may be freely and promptly given, not only without injury, but with a certain amount ot nerve stimulus, which is -physiologically advantageous. Mr. J. A. Markert's ladies' German class meets at the School of Mines on Tuesdays and Fridays at 4 to 5 p.m. The ladies' French class at the same place on Wednesdays at -1 to u p.m., Satur days at 11 a.m. to 12 o'clock noon, and at 4 to 5 1» m. Mr. H. Credington, jeweller, Pall Mall, an nounces to-day that he intends to pay particular attention to the spectacle branch of his business, and, patrons will find a splendid assortment of spectacles, opera glasses, telescopes, etc. Mr. Richard Humane announces in our adver tising columns that first-class suits may be had at mi. establishment-Albion Cloth Hall, View street. Wo notice by advertisement that Mr. James laylor, saddler, of Hargreaves- street, is the Sand hurst agent for the Temperance and General Life Assurance Society. \r^fuSsrR' -L'id Gilniour, accountants, of Melbourne, announce that tliey have been en trusted with the sale the old established busi ness of Mr. Thomas Watson, grower and wine and spirit merchant, of Swanston-street. 