'the Affair at the Nest. us MBS. HEMS COBlFtS MEBCS. - j -" Never mmd,F)nu>k, we can wait. . _ ^ "Yonrean «ngd, Violrt,*\and tto JK»ng jman caressed Boltlythelittlebandtbat,flat. ( tered 4nbis,,l sad jLorit Hatonfcb^^ t- - . % .vtfloiV} laughed Violet Granger, «nM»ing ithesentencefor bim. '.."."-t . ,« « i ^^^Ihate her. What make to her twenty years benoa, whom l marrynow. I'm not sure inaeed tbat*ne» Jgood for ten years longer, and if—" "FrankEaolesonJ" C "Oh,yee, 11 no#. People way spate no pains to make joa bate (hem. Well, then, 1 love the aunt who baa crossed tne all my 1m, do 11 Yon know it's not so, Violet ^Yon knowftfwent home now, and found berin her shroud, it wouldn't cost me toy great beart-»«bf."Z >■ "It should, sinoa yon profit by her money. OJj. Erank 1 Frankl I didn't think yon would apeak so 0! the poor old woman who has been a mother to you, with all her harsh ness,,' sjud Violet, with sad sweetnees. *< j deny iti ~ Was it motherly toforce me all my life to do the veiy .things 1 bated are two persons. - llove one anft bate ihe other/andihat is4he end ofil.j*8hoola.Jike,i tobeableto have myown way thoagn,0n$ before shedies. Irtl be dreary,waitingm she slips Ibis mortal coil, eh, Violet ?" > - Tne young man spoke bitterly, andlooked stern. _ Violet glistened to him with onhappy, deeplylovingeyes. ,v: • X; • «Something wiQ happen, mutly. ^8ome* thing maybappen, dear," Bbesaid/tendorly. 41 And if we love eachotberso truly, what are A few years mora or Ins to beartB eo young as onrs 1" / *' 41 A few years I You're too mueh ox an angel to ealoolate upon anything hot that I termagant softening toward as. She won't, though. . That flinty, heart won't give-in on til death's fingers crumble it to ashes, Ton and I'il be gray before that time." *« AVi can hope, at least, dear; even Aunt Hannah cannot take our hope from us. Shall I sing foryoa now?" - >.-vV ' She took his silence^ for jassent, and going to thejnodest little instrument wbioh stood acroBs the room,, eang aoftly one tender, soothing strainafteran other, while her lover, lingering inthelow window seat, pulled the rosea that grewnearand their tore leaves with • half visions band, too; savagely irritated at thef ate that hindred bis desires, to heed the : loving ttmes with whichViolst Bought to draw bim from bin thoughts. Contemplating the mischief her lover bad done her roses next morning, Violet's eyes ware half sad, halt smiling; not she broke into a carol, like bird notes, as she tied anew the vines bis too energetic hand bad loosed from their supports. , . A. pawer-by called her. . " Have you heard; no,I see yon have not, whathappenedat the Nest last night?" ' Violet turned swiftly, with a changing countenance. Frank lived at the Nest with hia aunt. " Poor old Hiss Eodeson was murdered in bed last night.". Violet caught at the widow-frame for sup* port, her {very lips turning white, and her heart beating slower and slower. . " Itcan't be I" she gasped. ,lI wish it couldn't, bat it is. I just metthe' doctor coming away. They eent for bim, of course, but she mast have been dead hours be fore be got there. There's crowds of people gone over from town. But yon live so remote from the Nest, it's no wonder yon did not hear of it till now." t Violet shuddered, and' wished the man would-coly go on, as he did presently, as he was anxious to reach the scene of the tragedy. Murder I And. Frank had almost wished ber dead the night before 1 Poor Frank, what a horrible lesson it must be to mm f Later in the day came * note Irom Frank, * harried scrawl, almost unread able Bad written with a. hand that visibly trembled. ... t '•Don't come near, darling," it said. * The horror is almost more than I can bear now. I wouldn't have, you eee and bear what I have to see and bear lor all ber money. I wish to Heaven it eonld go into tbe grave with her. I will come and eee yon as soon as I can get enough color in my face to dare to," " . He oame for a few momenta that .evening, bat for all the life in hie look he might have been a8 dead as Annt Hannah. Hii lace was ghastly, his eager bine eyes had a soared ex j precision thatmade Violet try, bat in vain, to obeok him, as he lingered with a sort of faor j rible fascination, over the details of tbe 'murder. ... Aunt Aann&h; bad been strangled with her own pocket-handkerchief, as she eat late at her knitting. The servant had found., her, purple and stiff in her ehair, whenthey went to call ber to breakfast at half-past six in the morn ing. •' I don't think she had been dead long. I 1 didn't think so, and I sent for the doctor as fast as a horse oould ride. X couldn't do more, j oould I Violet t She always gets np early. She mast have got np early and taken her ! .knitting, yon know, and the wretch that killed her would have been aslike to do it early in the morning as late at night) wouldn't he HOW, Violet dear ?" 11 Had her bed been slept in," questioned yiolet, controlling her repugnance to the sab* jjept for her lover's sake. 's No one could tell. She always made her own bed though, and she might have made it the first thing that morning. Oh 1 I am quite sure it was early in the morning. She .eat with her back to tbe window, you see, and her handkerohief mast have fallen to the floor where the fellow oould secure it without being seen. Then it was easy enough to ao* eomplish the rest before she oould cry out. She couldn't have had time to call out, do you think she could ?" " I don't think anything abont it. And you had better stop thinking abont it," exclaimed Violet, with an uncomfortable shiver. " Why will you talk of it Frank ?'' " I won't if yon don't wish me to," Frank Baid, gloomily, pushing his chair baok into the shadow, and covering his face with his hands. Violet regarded him wonderingly. " Poor fellow, he is so sensitive," she said to herself, and moving her chair nearer to his, drew his cold hands into her warm and loving clasp. He returned he* tender gaze with a look painfully sad and questioning. "Wouldit be possible, Violet," he said at last, " would U be possible for yon to be lieve that X had any hand in last night's do* jogs?" The fao§ of the sweet girl blanched like snow. Her eyes darkened and dilated like one smitten with sadden terror. Then she dropped herlips to his bands with swift, pas sionate kisses. „ ' " No, no, Frank: no, never," . " My darling," he murmured, draw* ing her io him, and kissing her again and again. " ' _ She remembered those kisses long after. Oould any but innoeent lips have kissed her so. There wan no oloe to the murderer, ootb,. ttg had been stolen, and though Frank Ec ote«ra was the only one who ioou'd have pro flted by her death, no one thought of accus 2P5 a?1 ?P^ n°t a shadow of suspicion at* taebea to aim. ThewiraBBo one to contest theheirehin With him, and the Nest, with bis wide, rioh landB, and other belongings fell to hira with out delay or question. *" nneonseiods o! ■lit tie oame home from his aunt's funeraL ^we^ soggyeTen^jg it was, and threw hia^ «od Violetcame to' help the housekeeper^ M^-^lrftri.innnrsa him. - ,. Forweeks Frank Ecoleson hung upon the very borders of eternity, and knew no one. tg^'^bi as people */(h bralo few* *W» wiU.atraw»efc. young bloodcurdling round Mt fcttrt, ud setinherwhitefsoe * shadow that wu not cast by the death sbe bad battled eo despea ately from ber lover's bedside, but *» wo Mra. Grim bad been more than honsekeq)®! to KissEoeleson. She bad been her bosom friend, the one*onl of all On world, perbape, I (hat had fcrulyloved the mi»erly old woman, I andttiongbEtannah£ecl«onbMOot8oainciil as mentioned ber in her will, the housekeeper I lieldtbherloyaUy. ■ Violet made one w»Id attempt to banish Mr*. Grim from the sonnd of Frank's mad talk, butMrs.Grim wonld not go. Sometimes tbeeyes of the two women met, above that terrible oo neb, and the look ©f one was"-sick with horror, and piteous with ap peallnr. The,other's was bard, waspttiless A«h»rdead mfetrcsa' woaldiure been trader j , At'liet^ time when the few loosensd Its hold, aod leftthe siek nun like some wan 'ghost of himself, #tranded opon those ahoreslrom whieh he had so newly drifted. , ■ He was top weak, too strange to the use of hlssOTsestowadatonoe the new look that bad-so darkenedViolet'e sweet eyes. With all her strength ehe tried to keep It oat of them wbeii she looked at him, bat hers vu a frank heart, used for mirroring all its thoughts in those innocent depots. Frank bad read them toomanytimes in the old happy days to make any mistake sow. Be was * coward, and would fain have persuaded himself that his eyes told him wrong, bat he eoald not. Besides, there was Mrs. Grim, whose face epoke the same story though in a differ ent tensus. The eiok man shrank away among Us pillows, and shot his eyee whenever by any ohanoe Mrs. Grim or Violet looked at him. ' 4,®m« eonselenee does make oowardsof ns all." " Hre.Grim eat alone is the Idtehen at the Nest; She-fat wUb ber feat on the hearth of! the stove, those hard, unrelenting eyes gaang into the embers. A. spftstep soanded beside Iter. It was Vio let. Her face waepale, her 'eyee had dark circles around them. > "ffdir ihe said gently, as Mn. Grim looked np. f " I shall do it to-morrow,*' Mrs. Grim said, and sha< her eyes tightly over the sen tenoe. " Yea will ^ire him no chance for his life, you who loved her?' Mrs. Grim's lips did not relax. She only shook her head. "At least wait a week longer. " When he will be strong enough to flee, perbspi, the doom he merits? No I" "You will not!" and Violet knelt by the hard woman's side, and lifted ber poor quiver ing ha^ds in wildappealing. Bat Mrs; Grim only glanced at her, and looked back into the fire. - - Then Violet rose to her feet again, and went back to the sick-room. " Frank," said she, going close to him, " you miist look at me; yon- mnet listen to me. 7ou are week, I know, but If your life depended upon it, you could get np and drees yourself, and go away from here, I am rare you conld—I amsare yobwffi toy.**-*"' Frank Eeduon opened his wide blueeyes, and looked at her. He seemed in that in stant to shake off the strange cowardice that hftj CA V:M " What do yon mean ?" be asked. " Toll me. If lam to master strength lor whit you say, 1 meet bare a strong incentive. Bat I j will not try. I will etay, whatever it is, and meet it. I have shrank too long." Violet shivered a little. " Yon were delirious, Frank, and yon told all there was to tell, and Mrs.Grim beard it. j She is going to inform against von to-; mo'taw." Frank lifted himself on his elbow and ] looked Violet In the face. A light seemed j to dawn upon him. j " Will yon ask Mn. Grim to come here?— not that 1 may plead with her, but that I may toll her the troth." Mrs. Grim'a stony lips set themselves like flints, but aha rose and went to the sick-room when she got the message. " I have been a miserable coward," Frank said, as the two women drew near,bat 1 have not been the guilty creature yon imagine. You are a hard woman, Mrs. Grim, bnt yon are a just one, and yon will believe me when yon liave heard my story. »» I came home from yoor house that night, Violet, with a bitter and wicked heart. I don't know bnt as heart I was wicked at the villain whomurdered her. " It was late, bnt there wasa light in my aunt's room. As I «ame along the passage she called ont to ma sharply twice, and her voice aonnded strange. There seemed, too, to be some sort of strange movement in the room, bat it was slight, and I, feeling hard and bitter toward her, would not answer her, and instead of going to her, I turned back and went to my room another way. "Bat I never dreamed what awful thing was doing. I thought she had one of those neuralgic attacks to which she was subject, and 1 said to myself thai she might fight it out, as I was doing. " I don't know yet that it was not 80. I don't know yet that she came to her death then, or that she was straggling witb the Villain when die called me; but the fear that it was so has nearly cost me my senses, and the fear that if 1 told the truth, it would direct suspicion to me aa the pro bable perpetrator of the deed, held me in a cowardly silence. Do yon believe me, Mrs. Grim?'* 1 " I do not believe you, Frank Eeoleeon,"; said Mrs. Grim, and went b&ok; to the kitchen, j Long before Frank had finished his i recital, Violet bad crept dose to her lover i and prayed him to forgive her. He had stooped to kiss the little bands that fluttered to hw gtatp, and to say," My poor darling V* •' How conld 11" Violet cobbed. " I deserve that 700 should sever forgive ma. but yon accused yourself, to frightfully ia your delirium." l,I accuse myedf still. I would give all my aont'e money to know certainly that she j was hot struggling with her murderer when j ehe called one and I did not reply." ( Mrs. - Grim' kept to her intention, and lodged her information, as ehe called it, to the proper quarter the next day. She met a somewhat dircouragirg re ception, however. Bat, as Frank said, thoogh a bard woman, she wu jost, and ebewent back to him and Violet with eineereiejoicing. The real murderer had been found, and had confessed to the deed. He proved to be one of the laborers em ployed by Mia* Hannah Eeoleeon. There had been eotae money differenee between them, in which she had been very} hard. 1 She man was of a stolid, slow, revengeful | nature, and he waited his tiipe.and strangled 1 her with her own handkerchief as ehe eat I knitting at half-past four on the morning, they found her etark and dead in be* ohair. . . .* • 80 Frank had not that on bis_con* «*««*» ', ;■> v.. 