CHIIAIL¥ YS1 FIDILE. BY IOlAtiT' C. MieYSm,. it is no matter to what army, North or Souar, the druommer.bvy belonged. Young ho was, his fair skin tanned by thro grimrr old sun, his blue eyes ehirning out, like very forget.em nots, in the dull, dark ourrotundingo. They said of him in cuamp that he wai it boy, and surely they treated hil, in their rough way, like a child. Sunburnllt men cilaled hum SCharley ;' talked with himt: spoke of scenes far away, where those with wnoon these sun burnt mten loved motre than anything elso in the world lived; arind Chlrley li.tctedl to them, anll hrard what was never told to older, less un. sophisticated comlpauions. for somiehow his youlg fance and light, cheerful l:nritl apipealed to these mnet, and llade themi cotrilde iii him. There was even it rumrtour that aundy Greoen the tall, awkward widower fromr the frontier, had told Charley about his own young days, and made the bay's bloue eyes brim over at sorue little touch of sentilmenit. You may, iperhalls, say that there is no time, no place for sentirment nlmong big, brawny men prepared torarind exlperienced in watr. It is lot so. Around camp- lires, in ,liii rle.:s at night, when the tramIp, trat:mp, tran:p of thesieuttiy seems ghostly, anitid dtreary, ad full oif dlire warlinig, there rimI tailes of love, rin sorrow, anid loss, and holpe remembered and told to listoerit eare that hour thieLe filleilr't. whitpleers as greeulily as they ito the awful, dlcatlh-dleliver iii sound ofi eaillOtn, or swift whistil, of the itle-btall. Thul was Charley, tlire drulmmer.Loy, ai cyclopledia of the gentler thouglit, of the sohrliers allout hlium. Often in the tliusk of evenlinlg, whenl the rini were loitering abitoult tim culrp, iand the kindly stars were peeping finttly out above the wlhite tents, there would coice a little, weiling soundl on the ibreeze, and the listeners would stop in their grione it cards, oir their wild tall, osiloe, nIr lie,. a little, riu.i say, i ThaCLt' Charley's fidrdle ' Andl di any lon trake the trinouble to look for the boy, Ihe Iughlit 1e stlon Irrchetd li t il a ledge of rock, or ,itthig lhit on tIhe grouind, hti clul lresetl downr , aIll his how ii his haild, scrslinrg dolefrlly out of Ils shabitlly violin all the old, old tullLt hti remlellmlrell, and nn m oni if tihe ilewer ones inadlle for the war, Iand oven some silly, love.lorli ditty, which hiat comle by a devilslli waIy ain a fearful ianlllrlllle into camrlr. XNr, htere aro ig the urplrrilrni.twst, whoei thil tire oil tlhe oitipots eatinieredt. aiid therer wais a traltl'llll quiet lr. inld, twhile, thle crickets chirped, Cl:lrley wourll play the tinlies of peace and happiness, tIhe senrie it, nmiles lia Iy they were beuillg llrvad sll auid ing by lautghing, care less people it tie crowlded cities, filled with the rumours of war, inot utidertootl, bullt iappire cnited. But C:harley had nlever been it anl eu:gago. imert ns vet, anld the lllmen said, Don't tie so anxioliu, boy ; it'll nil coine sron itnough !' And it ditl colne sooni enrullgih for him. Clharley wrote t to his lunt itt eanpll.life was just the thinin for himn, only it was too anolotoinolos. lie ulso told the boys that hlis aunt was the only relative tie had i i the world. and that she was a rinleer old woiimanr. slrong of will anid temper, alnd that ohs' wlas 'mortal angry with hirt' for goinlg awayl froem hor for, eoletuow or other, lie grueesol she ' sort o' liked hintt.' 'ihat w all he told he anthere. and they got quite a joke up arlnut " Aunt Teddlv,' allld oftenl sloke of her to Charlerc, rlnd told hiilm, hlien tlheo saw hilr writing. to lie sure nid iend nretch of their love to her.' ' You dlor't knowr her,' said Chiric'y. ' or you wouldn't make so lghti of It. Why, -ho, conld take arrry of yoer shtii'li '.hi:ited, and tyou'd nIever kncrrow what hulrt you.' Anld so lie irute often anitd oftenl to her. lBut Charlter's fiddleo Wll, it seeimeel part of hint. HIe lovedrit I He Invel the miserable littletcnts he cooul I py onr it: lie Ivel to ait dlown lanywhiere, aniIl.I at Rnry. ti ., ian strike up onl of th.see little tnlliRe, sand rly, ontl play, anl play, till it was a wrrtnd "r how muich enlitirance catgut hats. not to, ulnrltioil hrunllll tlngers and l:atietlce. lie would lpt his filddle almost is thoigh it ereu a little 0ihild, and tlif blue eves would Itlsh as his hand swep'lt over the osiitrgs. Anl tihe te wenlt on; and ill the intervals of Cthmrly's drutuetls his fiddle took It up. Tihe tday came when there were iroparationa for a battle goiing ono: tihe crnrtmiy were eorl. routlnding them: nn.1 Charley wasr g!ntl, tut ileint. There wats lss time for fuin ill camp now, and picket duty was not setntitrntal nly mlore-ex. clittihat it was tragic. Two maile had i ree picked off hy scouts. anll the grim faces of the boys looked death when thel heard. Yetonoe pliea, it. cool nirght, while the long, white streets of the crunll glistened in the miootr light, nnd it was inot yet tihe for the moil to turn In, Charler rw'o eera by Saotdy Green britly writing a letter on hIris rlm-riarei. 'Fur Atnt red, Charle °' nsked Sandy Green. .And the boy nodde0, and lenugred. 'Then the old man stood there watehillg him for alonig time. He saw the pleasant, brown face; with the blue eyes bent over the writing and he was arough, a very rough mran, mrind onl !-a tall. ungainly, red.hsiried bnekwoods. moan, older than mnidlle life, too: and one to whom trouble was nio aeeount, because it must be surounted. And yet he stood here, t inthe early moonlight, watching the drummerboy writing a letter to, ae ,dld WO?tfian. Charley looked up when he had finished. Ho, Sandy ! you there yaet!' said he. Then he folded the letter, and directed it. 'Sandy, I'llJfivoit toyou to see posted forme. Willyou do it ? You've got more chances than I have.' So Sandy took the letter, and bald, as he turned to Charley: ' Do you know, boy, that we expect a scrimmugo to-morrow t' Yes, Charley knew it, and he was glad. HeR got Sandy Green to tell him all over gain about the battles that had been fought before; he listened, andwas bright and chirpy over the stories; and the older man, warmed with his subject, watched the light in the boy's eyes, and ended by patting him on th 'back. 'You do, Charlny !' he said. ' And now givens a tune, for who knows-well, give us a tune!' So Charley brought his fiddle and sat down on the side of his drum; and Sandy laid his sprawling length on the ground, his head on his hand. Then a tune, light and gay, went forth from the little fiddle! And the tune went on and on, till the stars blinked, and grew brighter; and all at once Sandy saud: 'SybiteCharley ! Give us the song you played 'here waits a slight pauie, and then quietly, plaintively on tile pileasant air came the old tune of ' Iforol, Sweet Iome,' softly astd slowly played, fillieng the air around, and touching with kind fingers the hearts of the listeners. The boy's head dropped over his fiddle as he sat there balanced on the drum, and Sundy Green's hltd was pressed hard into his head. And the tuntewent on and on, and the stars sparkled, the crickets chirped peacefully, when, all at once, a bugle sounded, a confused noise was borno to them. Sandy was on hlisfeet, Charley's druni was in his hand-and the enemy wews on them ! .Whocan tell of the dreary surprise, of the terrible fight of that night, carried far into tile beautiful morning, when innocent daisies were red and horrible to look at, and the leaves of trees were blackened and scorched by powder ? Who can toll of the wild, smirched faces, tunoed sightlessly up to the sky ; the dead hands clutching the grass; the soiled asd torn clothing pierced with a little new hole, whence life had flutterecdout? Long into the day it lasted; atnd there were no more birds' songs head. Tihe white streets of the camp wore goneo, and a con fused mass of men, some wounded, and all bitter, were here instead. And the fight had ended, the enemly had disappeared, and these men were -victorious. Throughout the fight they all remembered to have heard the drum. Theyremembered seeing young Charley hatless his lithe, boyish form In the thickest of the fight, for there had been small order-it could not be otherwise. And some of them said he had been seen with a musket in his hand, loading and firing, bravo and soldierly. But now there was a silence; these were not Ili drum.taps. And somebody else sounded the roll as those mnce stood up to answer to their names. There were many gaps tie the roll-c-luny mut who would answer to but one roll-call mctreo-the mighty Roll of the Last. Anld whien Charley's naenu was called there was no response ; and many eyes turned to other eyes inll uute inlquiry. So on the roll went ; utndi at last Sandy Groete's namlo was e.lled-no answer. Again it was called, and thel-thlcen Sandy Greent' voice answered from far away, and they saw him colning, limping up thu hill, Chalrley on his shoulders, white aclnd wild. Tieu tnet cheeored-yes{ they did they cheered ! Anld Sundy stood itS the midst of thoern, his leg wounded iy a hall, land told how lie had beeon found by Charley whenI a Ihayoncet wias going to make all end of himn, but that Charley had used his ownt bayonet to dreadful piurlose, and Sundy had been saved. But, etrange to say, the boy had not seented to recognzeo him. Sandly lhad taken hicm on hlis aiouhllr, for the boy Ihad grown faint and white, had called lids lallm; but a blank look wts ll the reply hl hud received. Charloy's rcld had stolped. There he was, looking at tihe men, a semile on htise face, but an uumoeaning light in his blue eyes. They looked at hirm, they shook hir. by the Iand; but lie said nothilg-ho recognised no l'he? surgeo camine, and shook his, head. ' Fright !' he said. But .:bndy Green cried : ' lt'a a lie, hogging your pardon ! Tile boy warte't frilehtencd. For alr that. it ti-tde ranall difference to Charley. Day by daey, ac this portion of tlhe unrly ,tnds enltrenlchlents whore they were, tid prepprerl for winlter quurtera, for thish oilt must he :giwaded, Churluyloitered abouti the hospital, not nick, tnot aillng, but with his mlilnd clouded. One of the boye lied hunted for his fiddle, but only the fragtleclts adl tics stricngs wore left, i andtthese Sandy Oareoa lhad taken charge of, as lie lay int hii cot ; for, said lie, 'The sight of these thinlgs might make the boy worse.' The silrgc:oios stludliedl the crie,. It was new to thlem : a Iinu oppor'uidly for experilunt; and oxpericenit tihy dlid, inid ntiue nothing of it. And still CIharley uteleod, aol went about scmingly Ihippay, kniowihg i) otne, speaking to lot oeu, aii.r,iug Inothing Ie latd Itefore known. The mien. whetni they mUlit him, cIlled out, c* Ii, Clharley !' :1nl Iche ,ceced to Ibe plu"Laed at thliat -notling inore. Often they would look at him, speak of lilm, for you see they had eall nso like!l him. Andl S:tly (:reen was grlevel at heart, though tis ilae citer was as griuff Ucid rude its ever. After a while the surgeons camte to a strange conclusion. They said thalt the life of Charley, fronm the lirnt eirpri,,- oi that vvcntful evenhig that nighlt wehoi lie iled seln Ita light, ,wa? a blank. ''They saidi there .eua to bridge to con. nect the timle before iud the time after thlet terrible elxperieceu. They cited vast authorities, alid coifused thesitol-elves ctboult themt , and so far confused Sanely Gireen, who was hobbling about, that the rough matn looled oil Charley as though lie wiae it ghost. Onle Idy 8alldy (Green, fooling iln his pocket, folllld the latter which Clhalrley bti:Il written to Aunt Teddy, atid which hall never been piseted, aind a tl ben iorgottegtn ever iuvce. At gitlit of it, he wetnt for paper and pencil fiucdtlcly,. 'That nigt tig he tuld the bIys he had written to Charley's ciint, guttitng the direction frotm Charhey's unpostedl letter. SA tnt Tleddy' concincg to camp, bn;y-,' said toloe of thenl, in faicilnt rtle...librncte of their old hulmour, over Charlei,'s relative. 'SMandy Green- has c\vitten to iher, telling herr all about the boy.' Lo I to ! A few days aft-er, a talll ap)cIarition, gaunt card grimi, drlped inl grey, malchei its ap.i plcaraetce it the ihopiical, asking for Cha:rley Mlorgae ; 11t111 iti lees tih ,in it lthour it was knowui all over thlat Clh.rilv's Aunt Teddy h:tid ors:e. All who could s'enterll lpast the wind;low, just to peoei tuthe'r. But ther dlid not ge, twice, cor hler ftciree: IclOi wVII solucethcing lru:trfllf; nand it ccsi ovricywherlr at once. Th'ey were ufricd of her. The mighlt face thie ecnelv, Ihut Aunt Teddy was soeithing iloro. Anli Charleo ? Shli just went ulp to the poor lid, and tuik his f;ace betweet Ilur two ionty hanids. ' Chlrlny!' she ecil. n?all he tirnecl h:s eluiling, meca:ningleass fice to her, actd l:cnghedl low, ccidc did nict inow her. ShIe at ,quietly dleuW. and rocked herself to ancd fro. o i Auiut TeLddy could do nothilng either. So the days wore on. and soie of the boys sacv her sltting leeido Cherliy, hol]c|o|i hIcs hand ill hlirs, alci Ioockilg fiercely shoeur hLr like a liolciess guardiltg her yoUnllce. Sthc wouhlc Iot have hil stit frcomcc leer, o:nd hle ouset paerfecily cotentdttei lecide her. And whlcl the icilen 'tci hler sittillcm t!bre, filece and on guard, bahelig the bhy's ltand iu her own. atccl lea suiiling and ha ldl.cooenltic, they flt cca lump ii their tliio.ats : unid ii a wisy theyt res, eted \ilrit TRdectv tiaor. tlcui if shle had erild over hicc, eacllcsc him lovhi i names, for they saw strielglh henr, like their own ntreiuth of protictiin. Ari, tlo yotu know, it was said tlhat wlhen SitllcI OlGreetn Caw' her cullelig ill that lday. tie ishhnled out i tant as he couMh, iiiil with a whlitet furo ; ellcS lee wouhldi tiot go inriea ir her wle she ailck-d for thie te:me who had written her tbiullt Charley. He, too, was afraid of her the gti, gritm il Weritiit littt. m ciliatilng ; accl, although ilhe told clhmtn they dii rnot lknow their butlintess. vet, when one of thaemi leauIed el-iwnc, Icidi tried to take Chiarley's haln frotn liers to give it a friendly shake sice sud: ' Ion't. ple:as.! I waunt to hold him to tme, for he's ull I'v, got.' And the doctor could not help gras~pItig leers, witlh a great choke in his throat. e If we conlll :waken Churley to some memory of the Iiat.' eaihl thit doctor to her nie dcl: Sif we could bring him back to the dty Ibefore the light--ltif hIe could recognise something he had kllownv then,. we might save him, ierhaps.' ' I't nott a rich womaus,' was the reply, 'ut I'll write this istanceo t mrn genlt to cll my house. Ad that moneny--nall I hlave in the worhl--l'll give to the mian who brings mny boy baci to me.' h'ow tle wis duly reported about enmt--ell this andmore. And it was told to Sand Green, among others. He shook his head ?ruffly. But it the middcle of the night Sanid Green rose up like one tiosessed, antd serched aroucd, and found an old, tiat ciger.box. All thie next day hle worked at the bat, worked mysteriously, and kept lookers.on away. For two dlys he scrampedltit. On the thirn Chanrly wars tgogo away with his aunt, for she had determined to take himtt home. Ocn this last eveniag'Sandy Green was aseei lurking about the h spital; and once,,welt" Aunt Teddy rose an4 went to see ab?ht to?a I fI:IL preparations for i t-pxtcre, he darted in,;" cauglht Clrloy by the hand, and limpi h swiftly away with hua, took him tols knoll tar oft took him to a drum laid sidowise o-s the ground;'" and ou ting him there, plulled out a cigar-box a;hapd rudely like a violin, the strings of charley's own lost instrument stretchpd upon it. Then he brought out a rough bow. Charley sat down there, and smiled vaguely up ut the sky. 8:?.ly drew tile bow across the strings, but beforo he could repeat it, a rustling noise was heard, and there was Aunt Teddy, frightened oult of her wits at muioaing Charley, anit she was followed by half thle boys, the two surgeons amonog them. Sandy Green raised liL I hand to warn them. They stopped, motionless. Then slowly, laboriously, out on the pleasant evening air came the old tuln of ' IHome, Sweet Home,' rudely and brokenly played; but there it was -there ct was The smile on Charley's face faded out, like the light of the iguis, fc;cccns. A startled ex pression came instead : lui leaned forward-he listened. The boys pressed closer and closer, Sandy Green's fingers trembled so that he could scarcely hold the impromptu fiddle. All at once, sall at oues, two tears rolled down Charloy's face; Ile started upi, looked confusedly about him, opened his lips. ' Auut T''ddy !' he cried. He was saved. His aunt was kcnecling at his feet, hugging his knees, crying wildly. Tih boys stood there, a glitter icn their eyes, untilthe two doctor" went up to :candly Green, and shook him by the hand. for he Icad done more tlhan they coulcl do, lndl they o,wned to it. Thlen they all, every cllan of them,. went ll to Sandy, and wrung his hand. lti had lot the fiddle fall to the ground, and his rough face was seamed with tears. i' lere !-someldy lead me to Sandy Green!' cried a voice, tlhe voice of Clharley's aunt, ' for I can't see, I'm crying eo hard; and cmy legs are clean gone from me!' And Asnt Teddy was marched up to him, but not before Charley had caught both Sandys hands In his. Audwlhat did AuntTeddydo? Shccjujstthrew her amus arocund itndylv Green's neck, ctcd graV him a sJunding kiss, before all tile Iboys too. And fromu a score of strong throats came a Three cheers for Sandy Green-- amlh a tiger!' And shee shook hands with them, every one. Aunt Teddy did not have to seil her house, as a reward tor 'any one who could save her 'ha cigar- box fiddle may still be seon there and often is seen there by Sandy Green and otlhers-and it is christened ' CIIARLEt'e FIDDrE.'--Il'ekly Jludget. 