| = EMTEBTAIMMEiMTiB;;;'' I Resuming our notices of the performances ! of Mr- Simonsen's Opera Companyiit ris necessary to go back to the opera produced bn Thursday, April 25. On eachof th'^.fiye , nights , that followed .to, the. close of,, the season, on Tuesday last; a different i opera' was produced. But as a complete; -review, of each work performed would occupy con siderably more space than can be spared; for. the purpose a brief reference, to each; must suffice. On Thursday, April 25, Balfe's chef (Fceitvre, ' The 'Bohemian, Girl,1' was 'per;,, formed.. Produced in. London 45 years ago, ithis work has always maintained its popu-:j !larity,-.though: but few jof the composer's works are generally known/ but : the' fairly numerous audience that assembled on this occasion must have been disappointed at the interpretation given by this company. The performance was notabove mediocrity, and many of the pleasing airs and choruses failed to elicit the appreciation noticeable at the production of this work by a good company, iliss Elsa ilay was the most successful as Arline, but her voice exhibited traces of overwork. Her principal air, ' I dreamt that I dwelt,' suffered from this cause. Miss Florence Seymour was cast as the Queen of the Gipsies, but excepting that she dressed and acted the part admirably nothing can be said in praise of her per formance. The declamatory scene was omitted, owing presumably to this lady's inability to do it justice. -Mr Walshe was only moderately successful as Thaddeus, and the same may be said of Mr Gainor as Count Arnheim. Mr Shannon failed to give anything like a correct interpretation of Florenstein, and was evidently unaware that severul years are supposed to elapse between tne first and second act, judging from his dress and make-up. Mr F. England was a very boisterous and mechanical Devilshoof, and the choruses and orchestra required considerably more rehearsing to make their share in the performance ac ceptable. On Friday night opera bouffe was staged, Lecocq's ' Girofle-Girofia' be ing the piece chosen'. The members of the company seemed able to give a more pleasing rendition of this class of music, though a really good performance was marred by several of the principals not be ing perfect in their parts and the very great liberty taken with the original dia logue by the introduction (by Bolero d'Alcaraza?) of a number of very weak puns.' A few awkward pauses or 'waits' also occurred, which did not improve matters^ Miss Elsa- May gave further evidence of her ability by the manner in which she sustained the dual' part of Girolle-GiroHa, and she was accorded con siderable applause. The I'a'quitaof Miss Sey mour received careful attention, but Mis s Julia Beamont was ve-y weak as Aurora. Mr Gainor detracted from the success he could have achieved as Mourzonk by his excessive boiaterousness, and had Mr Walshe been more conversant with the music allotted to him as Marasquin, and possessed the. ability to act just a little, he would have been an admirable second to Miss May. Mr Dean looked about 10 years too young as Bolero d'Alcarazas, and indulged in too much burlesque, but he knew his part well and infusedconsiderable 'go' intothepiece. Un questionably the worst performance we have witnessed of Gilbert and Sullivan's most widely known opera, ' Pinafore,' was that' given on Saturday night. The only redeeming features in connection with it was the representation of the characters of Josephine by Miss Elsa May, Ralph Rackstraw by Mr Walshe, and Sir Joseph Porter by Mr Dean,' who were each success ful; though Mr Walshe's bad acting must again be urged against him. Miss Julia Beaumont waB distracting as Buttercup, Mr England was scarcely less pleasing as Dick Deadeye, and Mr Shannon failed to succeed as Captain Corcoran, Mr England omitted to make-up with a ' dead 'eye and at times forgot his deformity in Mb legs, and was to be seen occasionally in an upright position, but resumed his ; bent attitude upon an ? inspiration, as it were.1 Mr Shannon's1 singing was not ut all good, and he com-1 initted a grave mistake in walking to the footlights to sing '.' .Fair . moon, to thee I : sing.' The choruses were again spasmodic' and weak in turns, and the orchertra contrlnued to manifest the desire to com pletely drown the vocalisation. The opera was not well staged, and was terminated at, the early hour of five minutes past 10. Monday night's performance was a sur prise. The opera was, Balfe's 'Satanella,' and was the best effort of the season. Miss . Elsa May was particularly good in the part of the title role and was awarded consider able well merited applause for the manner in which she sang, and re ceived the only call before the curtain during the season. The rest of the company exhibited more confidence and ac quitted themselves satisfactorily. There was room for improvement in the perform ance of Mr Gainor as Arimanes, who was frequently too powerful and spoilt his opportunities by studying effect too much Miss Mackay was the weak spot in the opera. This lady is naturally unfitted for a successful vocalist owing to a lisp, , and she appeared to think screeching a fit sub stitute for singing in the upper register. But on the whole ' Satanella ' went better than any preceding performance, nnd was received with general appreciation. The season terminated on Tuesday night with Gounod's masterpiece, 'Faust.' Miss Elsa May was heard to advantage as Margarita, in the Jewel Song and one or two other rmmbers, but not generally, and Mr Gainor, as Valentine, was more subdued and con sequently more pleasing, and his per formance was his (best1 of the season. But the less said about the remaining character's the better. The work was far above them, and they were consequently completely out of their element, and the performance more resembled a rehearsal or an amateur effort than anything else.' It-' should be mentioned that1 Mr Walshe did not]take; part! '':Mfv Shannon was -cast'as Faust,1 Mr -England as'Meph'isto'pheles, and MiSs'Seym'our'as'Siebel.1 St. 'Joseph's Band' lent ''valuable 'assistance- in 'the'' Soldier's Chorus,' which went well. It becomes monotonous to have to again say that the orchestral parts were frequently too loud, aud a continuation of such reflected to the discredit of the conductor. During the second interval Mr Simonsen gave several selections on the violin in a highly finished and artistic manner, and he received an enthusiastic recall, to which he responded, and retired amidst loud applause. Both financially and musically the season whs a failure, and while we regret that such was the case as regards the latter, it is evident that Mr Siraonsen can have no one to blame but himself for the meagre patronage With his experience he must have known that an inferior company (as a whole) would not command full houses; and in justice to the public who paid the high prices charged— the snme as for the Italian Opera Company— and also to ensure him self against a loss, he should have secured, more capable persons. Experience in the past has shown that Launcestnn audiences liberally patronise good operatic perform ances, and dramatic too, for that master,, and thero would have been uo exception in this case had the company been entitled, to it, The Orpheus Club were announced to give two concerts in the Academy of Music last Thursday and Fric'ay nights, but the advanced stage of the week prevents any not I co of the performances being given in this issue, The club have decided to visit several places along the North-West Coast, and have fixed their dates as follow: — Latrobe, Saturday, May 4; Formby, Mon day, May 6 ; Emu Bay, Tuesday, May 7 ;. Wuratab, Wednesday and Thursday, May R ? and 9; Ulvorstone, Friday, May 10 ; and a Srelurn concert will be given at Latrobe o turday, May 11, and Daloraine on Mayn 13. Arrangements are being made for Mr Sanlley to give one concert in Hobart and another in Launceston, and a guarantee of £150 each is required. Mr G. B. Allen is working up the Tasmanian season. It is to bo hoped that arrangements can be made by which this celebrated baritone will visit Launceston as well as Hobart. It is ex pected that Mr Santley, who sailed from London by the R.M.S. Oceana, will arrive in Adelaide on May lfi. He will then be publicly received by the members of the syndicate) by whom he is engaged, and will proceed to Melbourne, where he will cuen his Australian tour, leaving that city on June 3 to return to Adelaide. On June 8 Mr Santley will proceed to Sydney, and from there he will go to Tasmania, and possibly New Zealand. Tho Gaylord-Silbon troupe of acrobats, etc., have continued and concluded their, Hobart season with very successful results. A woll-atteuded matinee performance was given last Saturday. The, management generously brought tlieir season to a close on Wednesday night in order to permit of the appearance of Mr Simonsen's opera company in the ^Theatre Royal on Thurs day last, and the Gaylord-Silbon people are now en route to Brisbane. Their last per-, formance was witnessed by a very large, audience, which was as lavish in its demon strations of approval of the various items on tho programme as those preceding it had been. The Messrs. Macmahon have been congratulated upon all sides for in troducing to Tasmania a combination of such capable artists, and as the firm are contemplating another visit shortly with ' something good ' it is to be hoped their future efforts to cater for public patronage will be attended with results as satisfac tory to the management and their patrons as the last venture has been. Simonsen's English aud Comic Opera Company opened at the Theatre Royal, Hobart, on Thursday last, before a large audience, and were favorably received. ' Maritana ' was the opening performance.^ The season will be limited to six nights, and the other works to be produced were— Friday (last night), ' Madame Angot ;' to night, ' The Bohemian Girl ;' Monday, 'Satanulla;' Tuesday, 'Pinafore;' Wed-., nesday, ' Faust.' The company will then leavo for New Zealand for a lengthy tour. At tho Melbourne Opera House last Sat urday night an immense audience as sembled to witness the production of 'Hamlet' by Mr Miln and his company, and the performance was an unequivocal success; and was received with great en thusiasm. Several departures are made from the customary production, the out come of 'independent thought, each of which proved most acceptable. The prin-' cipal innovation was in the burial scene, whore Ophelia's body was carried on to. the stage and committed to the earth, and the incident is thus deprived of that ludic'. rous character pertaining to a mock funeral; The soliloquy of Hamlet, ' To be, or hot to be ?' was magnificent ; in the play scene Mr Miln discarded the traditional fan ; and one of his greatest triumphs of the evening was ochieved in the closet \ scone, where the visible presence of thb'1^, ' ghost is discarded. During this scene' a;, slight commotion was caused by a lady in' the stalls fainting, overcome by the emo tional influences of the acting. Mi's3 Louise Jordan made her debut before a Melbourne audience as Ophelia, and she is termed, the most sympathetic and charming representative^ of the character :that hoe graced the Melbourne stage for many years. ? Mr'-Ca'thcort's 'Ghost is described in one paper as tlie best the writer has ever beaift either in 'an English or an Australian theatre; Mr G. Ireland impersonated ?Claudius ; Mr Greenaway, Horatio ; Mr Douglas, Laertes; and these gentlemen, together with the remaining members of the company, gave agreeable renderings of their parts. Mr Miln was called before the curtain at the end of every act, and the other principals more than once received the same compliment. Judging by the re ception accorded to ' Hamlet ' it should rim at least a mouth. — At the Princess 'The Yooninn of the Guard' has been re peited with increasing success. — Xumerous and sympathetic audiences continue to witness the performance of ' Betsy 'at the Hibernian Hall by Messrs. B, and B. — ' Shamus O'Brien,' at the Alexandra, has been repeated during the week.— 'The Ruling Passion' has proved sufficiently attractive at the Royal. — The illustrations of mesmeric power at St. George's Hall, by Mr A. T. Kennedy, maintain their attrac tiveness. — Tho variety entertainment pre sented at the Victoria Hall continues to be ?well attended. — Mr Maccabe will re-appear at the Melbourne Athonraum Hall on May 18, after a provincial tour, during which time tho acoustic properties of the building will receive the much-needed a'tention. — Tlie first; appearance in Australia of Mr Sautley, one of England's greatest singers, is announced tn take plnue in the Mel bourne Town Hull on Tuesduy, 21st May.— The Centennial Orchestra commenced a aeries cf concerts in the Exhibition-building Just Monday. Tlie pantomime at the Theatre Royal, Sydney, is proving highly attractive. — The Criterion Theatre, at which ' Sweet Laven der ' is being performed, has been well filled during the week, and ' Romany Itye.' at Her Majesty's, has drawn well. — The pantomime, 'Dick Whittingcon,'' is being performed with successful results at tlie Academy of Music by the company under the management of Mr Darcy Stan field and Mr J. A. South, while- the Cnghills are doing a good business at the rtdiety Theatre. A ' dog-faced man ' is on bis way from England to Melbourne, under engagement to Frank Clark, for exhibition.— Wirth's Circus is performing to good business in Adelaidt1.— Charles Warner is doing good business in Brisbane —George Darrell has done well at Ballurat, and Grattan Riggs ditto at Warrnambool.— Harry Bickards seems to have taken a long lease of Queens land soil.— Mr G. C. Miln's lecture at the Melbourne Opera House, on Good Friday night, was largely atteuded and much appreciated. — Ashton's Circus is in North ern Queensland. — Frank Lincoln is now nightly delighting large audiences at Adelaide. He may bo expected in Tas mania next month. — Miss Louise Jordan has succeeded Miss Isabel Morris with Mr lliln's company at the Melbourne Opera House.— J. F. Sheridan has continued ' Fun on the Bristol ' at the Brisbnne Gaiety. — The Hugo Buffalo Minstrels are drawing a successful season to a close at the Auckland Opera House. — Miss Nina -Boucicault is playing in the Harbor Lights Company in America. — Mr Charles' Warner will visit New Zealand shortly.— The Vivian Dra matic Company were in Wellington (N.Z.j at Easter.— Miss May Sylvester, ' American's Champion Trick and Fancy Lady Skater,' in.iu Auckland under the management of llr Monty Browne. — The Austen Eliot Dramatic Company has been the principal attraction at Geelong since Easter Monday. Mr J. H. Nimn, who was here with the Taylor-Carriugton Company, is with ,this troupe and his name is printed in capital letters. — Emily Soldene is in America. — It is Mr C. Hicks' intention to take a few Australian variety stars to America.— Bland Holt visits Sydney next. — It is said that Gaylord and Dave Marion ?will be seen at the head of a gigantic American variety concern before long. — Ouda, the gymnast, and Sylvo, the juggler, etc., are showing at Melbourne suburban skating rinks.— Charlie Taylor was last heard of round' Clarence and Richmond ?way, N.S.W.— Madaine Garetta is booked for an opening in Paris, on July 1.' — A private letter conveys the intelligence that W. J. Holloway has purchased property cloae to London, where he intends to settle down. Further, that he is about to enter into partnership with Wilmot, of the Grand Theatre, Islington. — The Fritz Comedy Company, which includes Miss Virginia Vivienne, Miss May Vivian, Mr T. F. Buckley, Mr J. P. West, com menced a short season at the; Goulburn Academy of Music last Saturday night. A London cablegram under date May 1, announces the death or Carl Rosa, the celebrated Danish violinist, composer and operatic manager, at the age of 47. Irving testified his appreciation of Her man Vezin's success as his substitute in ' Macbeth' by pi esenting him with a purse of 250 guineas and a ring containing a miniature of Shakespeare set in bril liants. A movement has been started in New York to erect a statue to Charlotte Cush junn. So much has been published as to the childish irritation shown by Mr W. S. Gilbert over the reception of 'Branting- haine Hall' that; it is only fair, to give a current report that shows him in a different light. It is said that befere the play .was produced he sold the American rights to Mr D'Oyley Carte for £900 cash down, but directly the failure of the piece wa3 assured he relouuded every sixpence of the money. ' . ' Mrs Brown Potter made money as Cleo patra in New York, and Mm Langtry lost' as Lady Macbeth, despite the fact that she was the greater artistic success. Mrs Langtry has accepted an offer made her to appear in London next season in a spectacular production of ' Henry VIII.' She has also received offers from Australia and St. Petersburg which she i3 unlikely to accept. Clement Scott, the dramatic critic of the London Telegraph, has dropped into: an income of £200 a year, being half the estate of the late Miss Drew, a well-known lover of the drama, and a patroness of Mrs Bernard Beere. Miss Drew bequeathed half her fortune to Scott and the rest to various Roman Catholic charities. At the Jodrell Theatre, London, a new device was lately tried in the shape of n water curtain called 'the Niagara.' It is formed by a series of jets that pour water from the flies to the stage, while certaiu colored lights are tinned up for chromatic effects. The innovation was not a suc eess. An alino3t incredible story is going the rounds as to a mean revenge wreaked by Sarah Bernhardt at Catana some time ago. It is said that she had only been invited to appear there for a single night, and furious at such want of appreciation on the part of the townsfolk, she went up to her bed room the last m'nute before departing by train, and emptied a large ink bottle into the bed! If true, idiotic as well as mean. ?.-.?,, Shakespeare does not exactly seem to spell ruin in London just now. Lately there was Shakespearian comedy, history, and tragedy all. playing. in the metropolis— viz., ' Macbeth' (Mr Irving) at the Lyceum, 4 ' Hamlet' (Mr Wilson Barrett) at the Prin cess, ' Richard III' (Mr Mansfield) at the G'nbe, and ' The Merry Wives of Windsor'; (Mr Beerbohm Tree) at the Haymarket. Probably such a thing never happened be fore in theatrical history. ,: . , ? . Theatrical property in Paris seems even more flourishing than in London: The annual repoit of the direction to the share holders of the Vaudeville Theatre declared i dividend at the rate of 164 per cent. The receipts during the past year had reached the large total of £48,000. The dividend is calculated, not on the present .value of the property, but on the original capital. They manage things much bettter in Russia as regards wayward artistes who take the huff and refuse to fulfil theiren gagements. The other day Mdlle. Tua, a clever young. Italian violinist,, was justly, incensed because her accompanist for:some reason refused to play for her, and she, hastily left the. concert room, which was packed with people. Thereupon the Pre fect of Police, as a punishment, forbade her to appear again, and at, her next concert' she found that all the money had been re-r turned, and she had thereby incurred, a heavy loss. ; . . :.-.:??.-; An American manager of 'considerable avoirdupois,' having gauged the amount of' fun that can be produced on the stage by two fat men, has determined upon solving the problem whether three times that amount of amusement cannot be got out of six. He has specially prepared a musical ? comedy entitled 'The Fat Men'3 Club,' m, which, six stout men take prominent parts,: their average weight being more thaulOtet. Their total weight, over 15cwt, will make the boards bend, if it doesnot bring down thehouse. .. . -, .- : -.,.,.,.. .,.. Signor Nicolini does not sing with his' wife (says Mrs Crawford in' the' New York Tribune). He is her devoted caretaker. He watches to protect her from draughts: the instant she quits the stage, watches' that she does not talk between tlie acts after the carmine is laid on her lips, keep.1 intrusive bores away, and is attentive to' all those whom she wishes to treat as friends. If her throat is parched he drops water down it, so that no red paint will be swallowed with it. He sees that the water which is to wash off the face pigments is the right heat, and oversees the make-up operations ; and all this quietly, affection ately, and without fuss. It Mdme. Patti were in the hands of an old nurse she could not be more tenderly used. When her gratitude wells over she stands up, takes her husband by the hand, and lowers her head, the top of which he kisses, the face not being in a state to be kissed. He does not strike one, he is 30 unassuming and uatheatrical, as being the husband of a star or a professional tenor. It will come with some surprise upon Australians, writes a London correspon dent, to hear that the veteran Irish actor, Dion Boucicault, has just been married in New York to Miss Louise Thorndyke, the young actress who played as his leading lady in Melbourne and Sydney, and whom he espoused in a registrar's office in the latter city. Whether he discovered : that the Jcolonial 'marriage was illegal, or whether he has an innate fondne'ss for play ing- the part of the bridegroom, has, not transpired, but it is certain that. he re peated the ceremony ef annexation to Miss Thorndyke on 8th March, Chief Justice M'Adam officiating, and a gentleman named Mr Clark Bell acting as witness. . Mr Bouci cault is reported to have answered thepres-, bribed questions in|a firm and con fident voice. - When the judge h«d pronounced the couple , man and: wife, the kissing and congratula tions. w.ero over,, the wedding party drove to' Delmo'nicb's', where dinner ' was served, the; .' ', sprightly Dion, now verging pn ,70, and his youthful wife spent tlieevenHg at, the opera.' ''. .'.' ''...' .''.?? ?? ?-.;-. : It grows monotonous, but there is. yet, it seems, another infant prodigy. This 'i'me the phenomenon i3 not a musician, aud he hails, not from Geiinauy, but from .Texas. He is a little colored boy named Oscar Moore. Oscar is three and a half years old, and his peculiar gift is a wonderful memory for facts and figures He is totally blind, and: has' been so from his birth.. He was taken to Mr Abbey, and an exhibition, was given of his powers in the few minutes that gentleman had to spare before he sailed to Havana. The guardians, of the boy had a book of about COD printed .ques tions, the answers to which involved geo graphical and historical knowledge, and figures running up to the billions, and these questions wero put to Oscar Moore at ran dom'. He'did not, it is stated, fail' once to give a correct answer, and he never hesi tated to think before responding. A row, of nine figures was read to him, and teni minutes afterwards he repeated them, hav ing answered a dozen difficult questions in. the meantime. Mr Abbey admitted that the power displayed by the boy was as tonishing, but it is said hi evinced no in clination to ' handle ' the little wonder for the public amusement. , , . , The following, from the Sydney Bulletin, fully sizes up the British law os generally given on the stage ;— , ? .... : (1) That if a man dies without leaving, a will, then all his property goes to the nearest vjllian..,, . .,,. :.. ,, ,.' ' . . '? ?' .. '' . .„,','. '''','' ,(2) But that if a man dies, andieaves a, will, then his, property goes to . whoever can get possession of that will. . . ' (3) That the accidental loss of the. one copy of a marriage , certificate annuls the marriage.* ,, .. , \t . ..- , ,, ,.,,;.. v I .(4) That the evidence of all prejudiced witnesses of shady antecedents is quite sufficient to convict the most stai'iless and irreproachable gentleman of crimes, for the Qommital of which he ;Cquld have had no possible motive., .,.,,... ,.,,..,, ., ,; ' .(5).But that, this evidence, may. berer butted, years afterwards,! and; the convic iion quashed without further, trial, ,by the unsupported statement of the comic man. (6) That though the children of the aris: iocracy are almost, all stolen, in. infancy ihey can always get back, their property, when, 20 years afterwards, an .old woman whom nobody.ever saw.before brings ,in a girl 5ft 6in high, and states that she is. the. real heiress. . , , , ? -,,-,?.,;?' .' , .., *Hven the astute Boucicault makes :the plot 'of 'The Colleen * Bawn'. hinge i:upon- .- bins absurd 'belief, and we. are., there led* :to 1 think that Father 'Tom, who married Eily, liimself to her false lover, is such an arrant iss-'ias-- not to know, that; he .could supply a copy from his register ati.any time. '? ??? ?' '?' ??- . i'i ...! .; ? '? !????[?' ..- 