?fl-lovciist...- : Tie Secret Gtiamber ; ?OR, : ; THE GIPSYS VENGEANCE. ? : ? ' ' ? — ?' By Eliza A. Dupuy, Jui&r-cf; ' The Outla-v s . Bridcfl .' The Terror** -5rV. ? ? — ? CHAPTER XVIII. THE DEATH OFSIR HUGH. . To account for what now occurred, we ; most return to the trooper who had been i left on cunrd below. Jones was a person | j, of inquisitive mind, and it occurred, to Iiim that While his comrade kept watch ; orerthe movements. of the family above | stairs, he would nrike a foray throuirh i the nnpfJ.ar. .af Tiie key still remained in tlie door which tir:ive into the corridor, and he , tnx-er-ud its length and entered the I chapel. His quick eye soon caught sight «-tthe lifted tlstg' stone, and, while ex aniiniijg it, tlie open panel also attracted Ms attention. He exclaimed : *4 By Jove! the secret's out ! ? Tbat clap was hid in the gnrret, and. he's mme where «bout here, that's icertaiii. The w .y's been opened for him to get out. and mavbe I can trap kiiii before lie [jft's away.'' . ? ' ? . iie ,rushed - bnck to the inhabited f'-rti-iu of the house, called to his com rade, arid, in a few words, informed him. of the disc; very _he ha-I made, at the same 'itoe Jelling iiiru to remain in front -of Mrs. M« thuriis room, nnd, in -five rainutes, to enter it, while he made his to tho t'jiposite fide, for' he was ccr tarn that a ronimunication existed be tween the chap -1 ond that suite of apartments. Jones ran b«ck. stvifrly mounted the atairs, d moved in the.; direction in *|:l-h he knew the rooms \Vt-re situated. sour. d -?{ voices soon guided him, and he crashed through the wardrobe at the' aoroent that th-* cries frorn;the lie'xt room *jnied him that a t-cuffle was going on. j Tlie fcipsy turned like a lioness at. ??ij, while -Sir iiiiijh fell hack, dropping t«»» his hai.d as lie gaspingly j'Lob All is lost !M ' ? tye? were the last articulate words?lie uttered, for the hhock i^ad snapped silver cord, and the hard and sinful jwtfofthe baronet was' wrenched front a illB body in that moment of supreme w?ui*h. ' . . Jones fctnnle to the door, unlocked, and ? r#r«w t open. Vernor was etrug^lin^ ?iwptrately with Jits assailant, who had ijp4,n him without warning, vrhile 'n. Melhurn and. Ethel, paralysed by ♦nght, looked on without even uttering a cry. TIte new-comer, griutped the hands of the yojxi;;.f mau from beliind, ahd in a few »of-tnenj8 he was securely bound and j'lac d i,n a c'lair. .. . *\\\ho lockwl that door?*, asked Vernor, savagely. ,4 Iiut for that I miglit J*re escaj^jd you both. What have you «n* with my fatherT I believe he's fainted. ;No»r we've Rot you safe, I'll look after the old gentle atn.' , ^on't be scared, ladies ; wc aint hurt you, though you did try to wojthiavoung chap amongst ye,' ? 'fs. Methurn rushed into the dresaing followed by Kthel,'and the young |i a cry as; the beheld Sir m'OP ,w,t^ jaw and glazing eyes, uKight, with his hauds still ^Jched out over the J/Ule table. ,n ii'l^y aud the doed had both dia* },: shock has proved fatal to'' 'C* mi,J Wrn' emotion. , ' itJ\\\ ,,,-irci^Uy'r«{iii.6Ved him fiom tt'u, (in to your OHJJ loom, ui r ' for t,li# bto paiiiful for i/, Jl ^0,,f yeara. 1 will attend ujuu hi. dooe'lit-re,' Lr.U\ Wou'^ consent to lcave ''.uter-f i l'lfc two i\u. -C ,u rt»'Ult »nd in compliance with : ^r*- M«ihurn, they lifted tl 'tl « ^'«ch that ? j{(T,j . l,'ft ['''in ; a*»d almigliteiied the '%uLh flr? cloe^d tlie down the eyelids over -ion ^ r',n wWch nil exprex . ?ierit]y Vi-rrmr called out, .Hujhi'1!?'0 do'nfr (n Bir uith Vl alyL*r' co'»o out ; I wish to speak ' Vill .j, m *ul;.l''^ that privilege' ut leia.t Pil \ dul,lt:d hie.' ; Lliiij.^ W''t ^',n» pale and train*, ^^21Vril,'r~'l'',rir Wrnor, this in ft never come to ...f %*im. Oh, ho js dead!' Vernor covered hi^ fiice with his hands, : and she could .sco tliat he trembled lii every fibre of , Ifis frame. - Presently he looked up and hoarsely snid - '.?Then its all up with me. A .prisoner to.jthoso who know no mercy, and my father gone, there is nA one to stand be tween nie and destruction. I have ruined you too, Ethel ; .the remnant of property left to y-»u will barely purchase your own safety.' ; l4.Don*t talk of that.now, Vernor,' she gently repliad ; i* I will stand by you to the l.at, and if the sacrifice of all I claim can save, you, Vernort V will cheerfully' make it. V . Mr.-'. Mel hum came in silently weeping. She placed her hand on Vemor's head and revei ently said : ' The Lord has dealt with his creatuee. Sir Hugh has escaped the. evilsjy^ must rouse our courage to face.1' r * « lk0h. Aunt Agnes, if he could only have, lived a few weeks longer, he might havo been, able to avert utter ruin from us all ; but now, everything is lost. ? Make up your minds to go with mo 1o prison, for Kirke will come back and take us all away with him.' 'If it must be so, I can go.' I will write to Gerald ' of the strait wo are in, and lie and Mr. -Clydo may 'he aole to help us.M , 44 If justice reigned in the land, perhaps they might; iuit I have no hope from that.. Resign yourself : to the worst, for Kirke arrests us, and Jeffreys will sit . in- judg ment upon .us.' Mrs. Methurnjshuddercd. . The reputa tion of Jetfreys was well known to her, aud the thought of even appearing before him filled her with horror. The troopers here/joined tbem, und, rougb as they were,' they refrained' from saying anything to the unhappy young; mau to embitter his captivity. Even they had some, respect* for the. -lifeless form of him who was so lately the stay and protec tion of those .before them. Vernor haughtily regarded them, as he said : 4% I may at least .be permitted to go in and look upon my. dead father for the last time. Free my feet that I may walk.' ? 4- It you'll promiseuiot to make a dash, young man, an* try to get off, Til do you that service.' said 'Jones; as he severed, the cord that bound his. feet. Vernor said nothing in reply, but stood an instant, balancing . in his mind his chances of. escape. . ^YhUe Ethel talked with him alone, she had lightly loosened the haudkerchief with which his arms were bound, for the' ten- son appeared painful, and a 'few cautious movements had couvinccd Vernor that he could release them without much effort. He said': r . 14 Now I am ready. One of you can keep guard at the dopr while the other goeB with me in the dressing-room. I shall not be long.' The trocpors r.xchanged glances;,. ?nd Simpson took ^ station close' beside tlie door. \ cJaor .walked forward, followed by Jouck, and his rapid glance took in the conditidh of the room. He asked : ' . 4t^Vho guided you to yonder open-; in^?'V . Cl My own wit and. the -carelessness pf iho«e that c:mie before me. The woman that was in here got away while I was accurin' you.' . | 41 What woman ?' Baid Vernor, be wildered. ? 44 How should I .know ? One of the 'servants, - mayhap, -who knew the way up.'. * * ?' . ? ? / . But the prisoner knew better, and 3ike a flash the remembranco !of the strange gipsy woman came to hitn. Thutshe luid jorhe mysterious connecfion e with his father, that she knew all the secret plac s in the house, he.w;is aware, and his heart grew f^iint within. him as he remembered how she had kept upon .his track for yeirs just. Could she have followed him to England to' make his. destruction sure? Why she wished evil to him he did not know, but that she was his 'deadly and uncompromising enemy lie felt assured. He approached the couch and looked down on the inanimate form tint lay upon it. lhiriking;les* of his bere.avement than* of the means of escaping from the toils that were closing aro'und him. Jonea peered through the opening in the Wairdtobe, and muttered comments onj its ingenuity^ Jle found the saw, audi said, »loud : ♦ i 44 The gal.got th:a, buthow she brought! it up I don't know. She'a a sharp un, au'i needs looking after a bit.*' ; . j Vernor glanced furtively at him. . Tl»e{ door commuhicaiing with; the outer door] had swung partly to. Jones. was on. hisj knees groping in the wardrobe, and seizing 1 the (ipporiui)ity, he; slipped the handker chief from his arms, and at a bound, 1 closed the door, turned the key, 'and then* sprang upon |tho trooper. * As' Johea.aroae ; he .'struck him a heavy bloiv upon the | head*^flashed through the opening,' aud was half wayjacross the garret before the man regained h:a stunned s-incea aulli cie'ntly to pureue? hitn.. ButJCirke'slamb's were too hanMieaded to'be l()iig he|vildered-eveifby such a blow as the. one just dealt on the. trooper's head, and as Vernor approachedlhe stair way he heardl his adversary in hot pur suit. Dashing wildly- forward, he cleared the steps at ajbound, landed on the chapel floor, and closed the panel. .. As he paused to take breHth u figure emerged fron\\.'behJnd a pillar, winch ho instantly recogiiiaed iw that of the Ciipsy , Queen. ' I ? ... What has brought yon hero I he ; fiercely ftikedi '? What were you doing j in my father'a|room to-day? You have j dogged my step* for year*, and now you j have couie to deliver roe over to dea-. tructfon,'; . - . - / 44 You apeak the truth/' ahe recklessly replied, ♦.' The rope la made that will aoon hang youl and I have done ray best to put it around your neck, though you have bravely helped me yourtelf. Tno .leutli-liound U on your tracU, »n(l you nised not hope to eucapa hiin. Vou are rualii'iH now upon your f»te.' . ' Who are you, and why you pur ?ued me thus for evil ?'Tlie fluivl man tlmt Ilea above can no lonirer alaiul botwecii u«, and aince your roc!! i» almoat run, I w.iU tell you wlmt vou wiali to kriovr. I nm olio who ahould Uve been Udy Mellmn. ; to whom atrery aimred pludge waa Ktven, and rutli Icaaly brok«n. My «on ia the »on of your father, an 1 your own elder brothrr : yet you liuve dared to atrllfo him. ho on, Vernor Metliuril.aud meet the retribution Juu to tliat cowardly blow. I do not uttempt to atop you. Haateli butoie tlie trooper brufiks through tho wall, for he is «trikiu« at i t at a fearful rate, Junta, In truth, waa lituimin'H annmti tlio panel with nil ' his force, and as a cnisliin^ sound was. beard,' ha if it was splintering5 benea'h his. blows, Yeroor again' bounded forward, and disappeared through tho opening in the floor. He'liad no thought at tliat moment for' the reve lation that had just been made to liiia ; his only care was for his own safety.. . The 'gipsy again stepped behind tlie sheltering pillar, leaving Joiies to. force his way into the chapel. She knew that ihe fugitive was in her power, for by this' time her son must be at his; station with the party of which he had gone in quest, aiid since nothing else w )uld be gained by tho day's work, Mclchoir might at loast gain the, reward offered for his brother's ?aj prehension ???. The trooper at length smashed the panel, and with the impetus' of the last blow, rolled out upon the floor. As l:e regained his feet, «. confused sound of 'voices and cries came up from the vaults, ? and before he could gain the stairs lending into them,' a party of four men, lead by Melchoiry came up, bringing tlie fugitive with thnn as a prisoner. Yernor had gone but n few yards below, when they closed around hiin, and pinioned him .in such a manner as to Tender resistance, in effectual. : ? , CHAPTER XIX. THE BR'OTHEKS FACE TO FACE.' A messenger was sent to Kirke, inform ing him of the state of affairs, and at the moment Yernor- was brougKt in the chapel he dashed up to the door, followed /by ; the- remainder of the troop. Their ioud and disorderly entrance filled, the whole building with clamor, ? and ' their commander,, with -angry .and inflated visAge, stalked through the room of Sir Hugh arid traversed the corridor with furious haste. Ho gained the' chaptd, and a gleam of ferocious joy lighted up his features as liu saw tho prisoner standing before llim 'bound' and help less. ' . ' Well, young . cock o' tho walk, your wings are'clipped at last,' he suid, with a hoarse laiigh. . You've led me a pretty dance', you and that deceiving old father of yours. Where is he? 'I'll, make him feel that it is not safe' to trifle with one of his majesty's officers as lie has done with me today.' ? -Vernor disdainfully regarded- hiin. ' My father, .thank Heaven ! is beyond tho reach of your malice. You .nor anyone I else will annoy hiin more.' ; ' Why, what docs the galliard mean ? Where is Sir Hugh, I say ? ' liritig hiin before me, ti.at I nv.iy signify my pleasure to him in this conjuncture of affairs 1 I'll take tlie old sinner where he'll find cause to repent of his evil deeds.' ' ' You're spared that trouble, sir,'' said . Jonea. 'The old gentleman's gono a longer journey than you call take liiui. When -1 jumped in on the hidin' place o' 'the yoiing 'uii,.ho jest fell back aud gave up the ghost;'', -? \- ' Dead !' said Kirke. . 'Do you mean that his tough old heart actually broko when he learned that his young scape grace was ip tho toils Bless i my soul ! I had no idea he had so much sensibility.' ' ? lie's dead, sure, sir. Mebbe you'll, come up and see where the youngster was stmyid away, an'1 .you see for yourself that Sir Hugh '11 never breathe again in this world.'' . j , Giving orders for the prisoner to bo r«: moved to tho hall and securely guarded, Kirke-. strode after his satellite and mounted to the gariet. He carefully sur veyed his route, and said : .. w Cloverly -contrived, faith ; . and tbe panel is so well concealed behind t.lie pillar that no one would have suspected iis ex istence. I was certain that 'the young inan had taken refuge here, and I intended, to stay in the neighborhood until lie was' nabbed.' ' : : When they gaiuod the Opening into the drcR«ing-ruoii:, he forced his burly form throiij;h it, and stepping outj stood bufore tlie two aflViiilited laities, who were kneel ing before the couch on which. the body -of | Sir llugh lay. Mis. Methurn eitri cated ' herself from Ethel's -clinging ariiis, and arose .with dignity, .while the poor (?irl turned, her pallid 1 face to ward him and pointed appealiiigly .to tho lifeless form of the baronet'. Airs. Mctfiurn said : i' I. 'trust that Colonel ICirko -will treat these rcmaiiiB with the respect that is duo to' tht-ni.' I The rude soldier lifted his hat in tho preseneo of death, nnd replied : -. He's dono his last wrong ma'am, and i gone where Jeffreys can't reach, him, which I caii't say I'm sorry for. Sir Hjijjli 'was a liberal man, and. I'll sde him pui decently in the family vault before we go.j Hut lain sorry to say tlilit' you and tliis young laHy must go with uie'to Taiiu ton- ai soon as the. job's completed.' 'j Can we-, hot be permitted to re riiaiii liore'till our prownco is necessary tjicro '!' ? . i ',I hid. agreed to tl)at, but now.it is iinpouiblo. .You hfve helped jiijfcoiiceal thai young follow, thus niakirig ftiatt«ra woiVefor yourselves.than they would lnivr bi-eii. Luckily, wo caught hiin, nnd now heM safe with my limbs.'' ' ''Uow.loiig may we remain bonuath this roof, sir r' jtt/ . '| Till my mon have bad a good dinner prouded for them, ma'am, and we.liavo had time to kn-jck up. a box lli. put the ojd.iferitlemaii in.i Iln was fond, of his gla«», lind I.hojfe there will be jiood wine to bii drunk at liis funeral banquet. 1 rely on your respect for the docea»eil to order n repast suited I to Ilia 'quality, for my: lambs are usod to the bost the country . ttll'orils.' ? v.;;. I ' They shall havo thu best wo have, replied the ladyj ' but you must bu aware of the dilllculty of obtnining sufficient ? food for a wliole troop of horsemen at so. short a notice. Our family Is not large, and it will take time to send to tho vil bounds I madam kill the fatted calf ; kill liia mother,' if necessary;' for I shall 'not -budgo ifrom tho Priory till I have partuken of fts hospitality. The Methiirns were not wont to bo niggards ; and if their fortunes havo fallen, there is still enough left to feed his majesty's soldiers.' . . , , Ifrs. Methurn did not roply to this rude speech I she merely bent her head and left the room. Messungers were dispatQjied to the vil lage, and to farmer Con way 'o to rrquost that provisions might bu sent _up to tho Priory; but thu day win rapidly waning iiwuy before thu banquut was ready for tlie impatient and often clamorous soldiors; for Kirke allowed his men the wildeht liberty when not ungsgiid in actual strvlce. . A rough colli n was procured for Sir Hugh, landi with ^little ceremony lie was placed inyit and conveyed to the family Vault, which was situated in the rear of the chapel. Vernor and the two 'ladies were perniitted te be. present, .and; with . feai: and treinbliiii, the curate of the parish came to read the burial, service over the' body.- j .^Vlien he asked leave to do'so, Kirke replied : . . ' It isn't much good they'll do such nn old reprobate now, Mr! Parson ; but as it is customary, I won't reifuse. I'm called a brute, and sometimes I act like one, but the devil, you know, i-n't so black as lie's painted. . The women would feel horrified if ] the old fellow was put away : like a dog, and somehow tliat little- girl inteiests me. The poor thing: has been made a! victim by Sir Hugh and that scamp of a son ; they have ruined her, I know, arid tliis affnir will swalliw up the last fragment of her fortune. Somehow I pity her,; though I don't often! care for those the fortuue of war throws in my Hands.' .- - ' vj /! ' Miss Ethel is -a' sweet young lady,'-', replied the curate. ,:T taught her J^ttiii and the mysteries of calculation, and she was always a docile pupil. I do hope you I will try arid befriend her in tlie oyi] straits into which she has fallen.' ? . j' 'As to thatj my pow'er over her fate ceases when: I deliver her over to the authorities ntcTaunton. Jeffreys will theti I be the arbiter of her destiny;' r The dominie shuddered. ? . ' *'0h, Biri ha is a lnerciless man. arid this is :such a young ? gill I- 1 I— I'm told, sirf, that those he cannot Jhang' he will condemn to be sold as slaves in tlie West Indies.'. Think of it, sir.i . Rueh a delicate young lady as this to be sent away, as a .slave 1 to that wild and unhealthy country.'! .-'i ' * ? | , .Kirke laughed bitterly and said : ? 'It's good enough for the most of: those who will be sent there.' ' *?' The poor dominie regarded him- with silpnt horror. Tho fairiily at the Priory had been his patrons; and front jhim the young' people: had received the greater portion of their education. ' For Vernor he Had less' affection than ! Gerald, but he could not think of the fate that threatened him without the' bitterest re gret. _ Whilo performing the' last services for: tho deceased baronet, his voice' faltered and his eyes filled with tears many times ; and m a parting interview, with Mrs. Methurn he prortiised to look in fre quently at the Priory, and see how things weift on during her enforced, absence. Sho mado an effort to look hopeful, as she said : ? ? ' ' ? 'I trust that we shall be permitted to return before, long. 'If wo .do. not, I hope, Mr. I'anton, tliat you will remembpr the poor people I have been in thg habit of looking after.' He promised to do so, and asked : ' ' Will riot Sir. Gerald come to your as sistance, ma'am ? He'« a lawyer; and he will know. the. rights of the case. ItBecms hard that you. and Miss lEthe] should -be taken away from your' home for such a trifle.' j, 'I have written to Girald, and I shall send mv letter from Taunton.' | ' Will they -really ; put you in [prison, ma'am? It's a dreadful place,. for I've been there to visit a friend. That was several years ago ; but t he placets no bettor now — liav, -it :is worso, for .a malignaiit fever is raging among the people confined there.' ? ??'. . ,i : j ? Mrs. Sfethurn .shivered . as sho ? ex claimed ! . . j ' ? j' - ' My poor Ethel ! it will bo terriblo to take her. into the midst of infection. I must make every effort to escape that' danger. JCirke is rough nnd brhtsl, but ho has tho reputation of being also v-ry venal. 1 have.a hundred pounds. by me, .which I have saved since fjt'rald ' went into 5tr.ClvdoTs office.. Perhaps that will purchase permission for us ' toj remain under Mr. Digby's roof. It woiild.be too cruel to'throw :us iu the midst of. infec- tion.' . ? ' ICirku seems to foel for Miss Ethel, ma'am, an-LI thijik tho half of the innne} ' will bribe him to let you-botb. remain with your friends. pBut no sum will kji.ep Mr,' Venior out of- prison. Tliey are too much afraid that lio will escape. He ha. shown such spirit and. determination that tliey will not consent to lose sight of him for nn hour.' Mrs. Slethurn sighed henvily.' V I am aware of that-,, and I havo no hope of -keeping him with us. To nave Ethi l from coninct with bucIi misery and degradation,: is tho utmost I expect to ac complish. -You advise mo then - ti- make tho trial with Kirke ??' ?[ - , ' I think i you may venture to do so, ma'am. - lie can . only refuse, and you will bo-no w.orso off than you are now.' i. . ? ; . . J . ' Thus counselled, Mrs. Methurn sought an opportunity of spoakiug with Kirke, who at first utterly refused to lideri to such a proposal. ' Ho declared that the two' ladies must go to prison, as j many others of as high station had done heforo ; that ho had no power to change theirjdes tination, but: when he found that thu widow had money of her own with which to purchase indemnity, he softened-' his tonu, and after many insnceuvres to find out how much slie- was able, to givo, ho finally coiisented to accopt sixty pounds, and allow Ethel and lier protect r-ifB to take refuge in the' house of Mr. Digby till tlio'dniy of their trial arrived. ' '?* | i When Mrs. Methurn ventured to imon tion Vernor, his' faco darkened, atid ho abruptly naiil : , ; i ' You caiij ilo nothing for the young man, tnadam..; My advico to you is, to let hiili bear tho : burden of the calamity lie hat brought upon you all.' Mrs, Mathurn turned away with a sad heart; sho would have gladly averted from Vernor tho penalty of his late acts, had she possessed tho power to du so ; but she was helpless to aid him in any way. Veruor was strictly guardod in olio of thu lower rooms, and no opportunity of speaking with him had been sllowod tho two ladies, sava when they stood be side tho bier when the funeral services were being performed. Ho had then briefly said : ' Tako csro of yourself and Ethel, Aunt Agnes. It's all up with ino, aud I must bear my fate like a man. I have brought ovil enough upon you without hanging as a mill stone upon you now. Luavo me to my own donurts.' Tho house for many huurs after was u suuno of riut and coiifusioii. from whiuli Mrs. Methurn was glad til tako rofiign in the seolMsion of liurown ntmrtmeuta, Tho late dinner was served, for Cnnwny sunt up a waggon load of provisions, mill tho people of the village,' anxious to prove their royalty, furnished every. lathing tliey .thought tho troopers would need. ' .1..-. The wiao cellar was searched, and a sufficient store of both wine arid ale were found-to intoxicate the whole party. Few would have believed that the' shadow ? of death rrsted upon that - house, which rang with bacchanalian songs and royster ing laughter. The foust was turned into a wild revel, and! it', was late in tho ''night before , the troopera staggered from the table. . Under these circumstances Kirko post poned their departure till the following! morning, for among his troops but one sober man was to be found. This was Simpson, to whom the custody of Vernor wiis delegated, with the assurance that.if he permitted him to escape his own life should be the forfeit. - .. Minchen and her son were still in the. house ; arid Melchoir watched for an op portunity to come into tlie presence of his brother, that he might gratify his deep hatred by seeing hini bound and helpless before him. i, ; j The drunken troopers had sunk- down upon the floor 'in a heavy sleep, and the ?house was at last quiet, when the .young gipsy came stealthily toward. the door be side which Simpson held his watch. : He ofTcred the trooper a tankard of ale and a piece of money, and whispered : ' Let me pass ; let me, see: my , foe in the toils, and I will be your friend for life.'''! ' - ' .: - ^ \- 'Gad-! you!re the fellow that set the men on the right scent ; you helped to nab him, and I don't- suppose you'd care to help him off.' 'I'd throttle him first;', was ,the fierce response; '' I wish to witness his humili ation — to gloat ; on his sufferings. He degraded me once by cowardly blows, but now I think we' are .quits., Let me pass, goo'd fellow, nnd it' shall riot be the worst for you. When I get my share of the reward for taking him, I'll remember you.' , . _.' . - ' This aie is good ; this money, is genu ine, and Idon't see any objection to graiit- in' what you nsk. Go in arid speak your mind-- to the sullen youngster, who ?wouldn't answer a civil remark! I made to him a while ago.' . . 1 To be Continued, ? ^ 