CORRESPONDENCE THE WICKIIAM QUACKERY CASE. Egbert as He Is. TO TEIB EDITOIt. S1.-You again, in this morning's account of the thealtrical interview with tile mother, grossly and shamefully misrepresent facts. I returned with the woman's son at once to the surgery, and handed hlim the medicine without delay, for which she was to send payment about 9 the following morning. She was also specially to send if she wanted mo again; and I have said again and again that I never heard from her any nmore till about an hour before the girl's death, several days after my visit. You still wantonly abstain from mnaking any allusion to the facts that a druggist, and, subsequently, a diplomeacd practitioner, severally prescribed for the patient without oven seeing her, and received lpaiyment for doing so. I knoro who they are; and so do you ! When everything connected with this bare. faced and disgraceful conspiracy is known, the public will be in a position to judge what reliance is to be placed upon the professions of public duty on the part of the intolerant bigotted firebrand, NorTox, and of those who act with him in this foul I trick! Don't think for a single moment that because you hlave at present the control of a few leaden types that an intelligent Australian public will be gulled and deluded by ignorant quack journalism. Shame on you and your confederates i, this ghost-raising trick! though you attempt to hide it under the Peeoksniflian mask of charity and morality. Of course, you will endeavour to worry me into silence, andt give yourself the benefit of tile last word. Every cook can crow upon his own heap, to tihe disturbance of an entire neighbourhood. Thle lowest street larrikin can throw mud and abuse at the most innocent. We know that. We also know that you tried, not long ago, to induce hundreds of men to mob one solitary individual, who lhappened to take a different view from yourself. We know, however, that, to their eternal credit and to your eternial disgrace, the good fellows re fused to be led into crimne and cowardly violence by such as you. You are evidently one of those who are valiant in a mob against the defenceless, but who oringe like whipped ours to and lick the boots of those possessing the least power to treat them Sc cording to their desserts. Let.me publicly ucknowledge the one re. deeming point in your part of this ghost conjuring trick. You have not tried to prevent me from being heard; although you do your best to make your readers see things through your own biased and vindictive spectacles.-Your obediently, . HENRY EGBERT. P.S.-At the inquest the mother swore that she gave the patient only three dessert spoonfuls of my mixture. The whole bottle taken in that time could hlave done her no harm. Nor did sihe state at the inquest that my medicine made her worse. Assuming such, however, to be true, why was I sent for again at the last hour, after an interval of several days, and after she hlad been treated by others for cash ? I know, and so probably do you, my virtuous, indignant, public spirited censor !--H. E. [The above throws no now light on the Wickham quackery scandal. It is merely published in order to allow the public to see Egbert as he really is. But we must now' inform the writer of the above frantic and mendacious opistle that our space is too valuable, life too 'brief, and public patience too uncertain, to permit of the publication of a daily budget of such betises. Therefore, we meat request that this dubious doctor, and proud knight of the pill and the poultice, will spare the public a further infliction from his paragon pen, at least through the medium of these coluenns. Surely, he lhas had cheap advertisement enough to satisfy even the most incorricible of quacks. If he will insist on his right to write, we too mustinsistonhim taking hIis literary compositions, along with his medicinal compounds, to where they will be better appreciated. It is evident from his peculiar style of composition, that Egbort Edelman-Engloman, or whateverhis realname may be, is a literary genius; and that he would be more congenmally employed in exercising it in the revision of " Proetty Cockey," the " Australian serio comic novel," which hle threatens to publish "in the interests of morality and domestic felicity." If "Protty Cockey" stands as much in need of revision as his letters to the press, he has a task which will require all the time he can spare from physicking hIis pa tron's patients. The only last word we are ianxious to hlave with this remnarbablo "medi. cine-man" is to express the hope that " Protty Cockey" will prove more successful in promoting "morality and domestic felicity" than did his memorable visit to the now desolate home of the despairing mother of his master's unfortunate patient, Minnio ifarmor.-ED. lewocastleilorninig 2Herald.] 