SCRAPS OF HOME NEWS. [BY LAST MAIL.]} The Duke of Westminster, who once gave 14,000 guineas for a racehorse, is said to have just sold another to an American for 17,000 guineas. Mrs Pledge, the ex-mayoress of Folkestone, has been presented by the inhabitants with a diamond bracelet in recognition of her services amongst the poor. There was a grim reminiscence about the wedding of Miss Brydon in Inverness Cathedral. Her father, Dr Brydon, was thecnly individual who escajed from the Afghan massacre in 1842. when 2G.000 «nen, women, and children were slaughtered in the Khyber Pass. The inhabitants of Ballynoe, near Firmoy, have long been terribly alarmed at the movements of a churchyard ghost. The priest at length betook himself to the tombs and captured the apparition, which turned out to be a man who passed his days ID vagrant rambles, and his nights in a lonely vault, into which he had effected an entrance, sleeping in his charnel-house on some old sacks. A monster blast has just taken place at a granite quarry on the Duke of Argyll's Scotch estate. Five tons of gunpowder were deposited ir an excavated chamber, and when fired it displaced 75.000 tons of granite. There lias been another find of g)ld in Wales. The latest discovery is on Garn fountain at Aber, a spot familiar to tourists in North Wales. A baby-boy with two heads lived three weeks at Whitby. The two heads were set on separate necks on one pair of shoulders. There appeared to be two separate existences, for when one head slept peacefully the other was generally awake, and they took food separately. A wealthy uncle in Michigan recently left his nephew, an eccentric old bachelor, £50,000 only on condition that he should marry. The contents of the will leaking oat, the embarrassed man is said to be deluged with offers of marriage from ladies. A fire broke out during the night in a house at Chard, and a lady who was to be married the next day jumped from the window receiving severe injury. At Nine Elms a new- born infant's death was accelerated by exposure through being carried to the priest in the parly morning for baptism. T'nr father and nurse were censured by the coroner's jury. While the choir were practicing in Maidenhead Church their overcoats were stolen from the Vestiy. A woman who landed at Queenstow was found to have 50 roomd.- of aniunition concealed in her dress improver. A domestic servant at Torquay has been sent to a reformatoiy for sending disgusting letters to ministers and others purporting to come from the Whitechapel murderer. A supposed German spy has been cap in red near Paris. He had taken a chalet, his supposed wife turning out to he a young cadet in woman's dress. The couple frequently wandered about among the fortifications, the supposed wife wheeling a perambulator, in which lay a sleeping baby, which, in reality, was a doll. Mr Thomas Nickerson, of Boston, (U.S.A.), has amazed railway capitalists by paying to the Mexican Central Railway Shareholders, without any legal claim on their part, £125,000, which he considered as the portion which he had received of a sum wrongfully wrung from them by the original projectors, of whom he was one. A centenarian is living at Pontypool who fought under Sir John Moore, and witnessed the retreat of the British army before Corunna in 1809. He also served under Wellington. -Farnish at Brightwell's, Princes-st, Trara'gon ; every class cf fuiciturs at Melbourne prieea—Acn 