Mrs. Bunny's Burglars. There was no time to spare during the day at Mrs. Bunny's; everyone hurried over the morning;meal; the-Barrons went. of in a great hurry; sodid MrS:ioiie,-after drink= ing a cup of tea undeif Mrs. -Bunny's re proachful eye. Bertha seemed a "little out of gear," as Ferriss expressed it; and even Miss Jones seamed uniet'and preoccupied. Everyone had gone when Parkes and Pearce came down; for in spite of the fact that they required so little sleep, a great amount of calling wass necessary every morning before they made their appearance. Mrs. Bunny waited on them herself ; and they held a low-toned, mysterious. conversation, after which she seemed very low-spirited, and was heard to say, "Do as you think best, gentle men; perhaps it is, as you say, only right to take needful precautions." Dinner that night was quieter than usual ; Miss Carney and Miss Jones had gone out, and Spoonie did not put in an appearance. "I hope he's gone to the Young Men's Christian Association rooms ;" he does some times," said Mrs. Bunny with some anxiety. "Afraid not," said Parkes; "He's weak minded, you see ; no brain power." "He's a good-hearted young man,, but easily led," she sighed. The Barrons continued their dinner in a business-like way, and seemed to take no in terest in Spoonie'stweak-or:strong points, nor in anything else that went on; a fact that Parkes and Pearce noted with sundry nods and raising of eyebrows. "Excuse me, Mr. Barron," said Pearce in a suave manner,. '!are you suffering from bad eyes?" - " Well," replied Jonathon, "they rather weak,' "Don't you find.it inconvenient to wear those goggles ' " " Use is everything; Mr. Pearce." "Oh! then you always wear them, I sup. pose," he said, reaching forth his foot to touch Mris. Bunny's; so as to impress her with the necessity of taking due note of what was going forward, and touching, in. stead,?Joey's ; whose long eyes were stretched far and wide, and whose attention was aroused to the fact that something was going on. I n"Well, yes; I may say that I nearly live in them,'" replied Jonathan. "-Do you khow/':.he said -confidentially, "I've seen a good deal of bad eyes (I'm sorry to say they're rather prevalent in the colony), and if you'll allow me to examine yours, I fancy I can recommend a.core." "IMuch obliged, Im sure," said Jonathan, turning his goggles on him in what was ro doubt a surprised look; "hut my eyes are not used to lotions and that kind of thing, you know ; they are simply. weak, and I wear'the glasses as a protection from the glare of the sun on the light-colored build ings; it's trying to Victorians, you know, accustomed to- dingy bluestone and dingy brick." "Ah ! Just so," agreed Pearce, again touching Joey's foot, and receiving, to his surprise, a somewhat energetic response, right on hispet' corn. " liniediately after: dinner, Jonathan said something to; his brother in an undertone, and they rose and went to his room and they were distinctly heard filing and rasping at so?ething. S"Did' you- note what he said:about not being able to go without his goggles, Mrs. Bunny l"asked Pearce, irrepressively. "Well, I saw. hini today in an ironmonger's, ex amining tools, and he ?ore no glasses at all "' "Yop'don't'say so, Mr. Pearce. What does it'mean I'" "We'll find out before long, ma'am. -Don't you wyorry ; Mr. Parkes and I will not go out .we have a most important meeting for to-night; too, but will.have to postpone it at whatever cost." " Oh I How can I ever feel grateful enough to you; Mr. Pearce?- Is that a knock t I hope it is those - girls 'come home. I'm anxious about them," she said,' hurrying away,. . • ".Good. evenin' mum," 'said. the rough voice"of the previous night' visitor; Mr. Barron home " - - "Yes.; he's in his room,;but Ill tell him you want him.' "D5,lif you please,'mum," he growled. " Mr Barron'l" she called, in a trembling voice, for, as she said afterwards, that man with his one glaring eye at her and the black patch'over the other, quits upset her, think ing'that perhaps he might be planning to kill them all all. :" Here's a person to see you." ! -S!iend him here, please," cried Jonathan from within, and the man stumblel along. The door:was opened sufficiently to admit him, and there he. remained for hours, it seemed to them waiting in the parlor; bit it was only an hour by the clock. And then they were rewarded ;-the door was opened, eautiously, it seemed, and Joey was heard to say in' those round clear, tone., somewhat suppressed-' S?Must manage tbo 'get the whole jb i done to-night. We've lost time waiting for you. •"iWell," returned the other, his growl sub. dned also ; "must, I s'pse. if you say so. TWdo'clock it'll be through." , He came along the hall and Mrs. Bunny met him and opened the door, and respond.d .to his good-night, and then tottered feebly back'to the parlor. S"I'm afraid its tree, Mr. Pearce ; he had a big, b1eavy-looking parcel when he cam-, and he's left it behind." " Tools, no doubt." said Parkes. "' Mercy on us I There's another knock." SI'll go," said Parkes. "Come along, Pearce'; we'll let them see they have got de. termined men to deal with." '>-They went qiietly fo the dowr, and then ' threw it open with sndden emphasis. ' "Thank you, Mr. Parkes ..We loth forgot our lauch keys. ' Why; what's the matter! Did you expect to see a ghost?" - 'l'Yes--~:o. Well=a-the fact is you startlei mie a little. I thought you were in " the house ;'mind very.much eccupied just \-- iThIy.b'oith aInughed and rai into the parlor where Mrsi. Biony sat, looking white and ill iBerthsawent up to her, exclaiming, in dis -. "Ohl hiow ill you look I. " o ro dieer; no-i ll; l'ml I st tiredout, thats all.. '.? !O course you are, after last night; go i -p ha bed now, and '11 make you some ernel, -aad iav?ea good zight's rest, and you'llI-be better to:morrcw. There'sa a knock; :I'll go," and off she ran in spite of MIrs Buniny's '"endtiuor to prevent her. '"1" 'Mst :'tii s?dent' murmured Parke stitfiding:npto lis'en.~i' !- :: . " Mr. Barron hbome" inquired the man with the black bag who called the night be \- "y' i 'TIlivr ay, Crow," called out ?Joey, "I've fixed it proper this time,,:he was heiard tsay, eixeitedly. "Once they get into .?thin trpthey cant move till they're let." I ,'Then'the deoor closed on the conspiratore, buut h? did not reima'n very long, and when 'the doorpeiied:Joey s?il, quito distinctly S'"Il'it'sa sucei,' you'll get well paid. Make tI" s alteraicnus my brother suggested, and 'tj ;;li' la'er t'-u two o'clock, b-cause the bhor s and t'ap will be waiting, and there 'wvill be no t: me to lose, as the load will be heav-." .... \- fHe let him out, black tag antd a'l. Then, takiing his .candle, he Eaid good-night to his Sbrother, and mounted the stairs to his owin room. . i" Well, tha's pretty conclusire. Thoy're evidently going to make the atteinpt at two o 'cleck in the morning," whispered Parka I incoherently. "You'd better go to the station and ask for police protection, Pearce I" "I've already done so. There's an extra man `coming on at'miidiightCto' watch the house." "But what is it ? Do tell me, some one ?" cried Bertha.'-, C' Oh, Bertha I those wicked young men are going to rob the house." Bertha looked incredulous. "We heard them. planning it with their confederates, and they are to be here at two o'clock Mr. Pearce has informed the police; amd we will take care they don't succeed," said Parkes. Bertha eat down with a faint, sick feeling at her heart. It was true, then; he was a common burglar.- A thief, infinitely below those inflated fellows whom she had despised, for they, at least, were honest. : "So,' he continued, " if you three ladies will go rp to your room so as not to alarm them, and Ferries and Williams will be in directly, and after they're in bed, we lay our plans. Just as they begin operations we'll pounce on them; of course Ferries and Williams will help us, though we think it best not to tell them; .they might bungle." "They've got a trap to spring out and catch us, and prevent us making a noise while they rob nos. Two such pleasant lads, and so wicked," said Mrs. Bunny, weeping. "Don't fret about it, Mrs. Bunny. We'll soon have them under lock and key," said Parkes, exultingly. " Wouldn't it be kinder if you gave them another chance, Mr. Parkes " pleaded Miss Carney. "They are only young men, and if you were to tell them that you know their intentions, and will let them go if they pro misre to amend their-" "Oh, yes I I agree with Bertha, Mr. Parkes," said Mrs. Bunny, earnestly. "I couldn't bear to see them imprisoned, poor lads. It will be best to warn them, and let them go." . "To rob others Oh I no, Mrs. Bunny. Your kindness of heart does you credit, and, of course, is only what I should have ex. pected from you. But a man has his duty to society to perform, however much against his inclinations, and we will do ours, and hand those culprits over to justice, even in violence to our own feelings. "Bat you must be sure, you know, Mr. Parkes," said Mrs. Jones, who' was feeling very anxious as- to 'low much they knew. !' Have you sufflielet proof to warrant your giving them in charge? Because they may bri g an' action for damages against you both ?" They smiled pityingly, and then Pearce condescended to explain. " Those men, come over here on the pre tence of being small farmers, sort of market gardeners, in fact, one of them wears goggles and a large heard. His eyes are weak, he says; but I have seen him repeatedly owith. out his goggles, and no doubt his beard can be as easily removed. Two men came to see them, both of whom the policemen recog nised, when, I described them, as noted thieves, who have been suspected of having a a hand in several burglaries. To-night not only Mr. Parkes and myself, but Mrs. Bunny also, heard them making final arrangements for two o'clock to.night, or rather to-morrow morning. They have a horse and a vehicle 'of some sort. waiting, and they. expect to have a heavy load.,: Of course they never dream of being suspected and opposed; hndl no doubt they have more " little jobs," as they call them, on hand to-night. Don't you 'think that is sufficient evidence or proof-I" M: iss Jones sighed:in a way that' exaspert 'ated Parkes. " Strange," he said, " whatnsymnpitthy a wo:e man has for a- criminal-a 'common thief who wouldn't think twice of taking a life if interfered with in his plans."' "I'm en-sure," said Miss Jones, begin ning to sob, "they wouldn't do anything of the.sort; If they do commit burglaries, per haips its because they're socialists, or some-' thing-those people who think everyone has a right to a share of somebody else's wealth. I doent think they are low, common'thieves ;. do you, Bertha?" But Bertha was too sick at heart to reply. She sat -there, feeling that the whole world: was rotten, and that there was really; nothing, after all, worth living for. "I believe there's a step 'n the veraniidah," said Parkes. It was not only a step on the verandah, but a heavy blow on the door, and a hi'sky demand to be admitted. ' . "Good gracious I what is that i" exclaimed Mrs: Bunny. . - ' . The two men looked at one another,-unde cided whether to answer or not. - "I shay, Ferris,let'sh in quietly," there's a good chap." . "Oh, it's Speonie. I forgot he was opt," Pearce said, looking quite relieved 'as' he went to admit him. :' "Thanks,- old fellow," he said; "first give me a help up-dtairs; fact is. I had a glass-bio-champagne, and not being 'eus tomed to it, y'see, it went to my legs, but,' he" added confidently,:" my head's.clear as a bell, only Im just a little giddy; and d don't to--hic- disturb the ladies. Keep it dark,:you know." - " Mr. Splonie I: Oh I Mr. Spoohie," said Mrs.Banny, almost forgetting the burglars in her sorrowsful indignation; "is: this the way you keep your promise! This is a nice state to be in." "Mrs. Buiny," said' be with drunken solemnity, "look over it this time, and I'll do-same for you, some other time.'? " Cam-." said Pearce " I'll help you. up to bei. Keep as quiet as you can." "Let me 'eplain to Mrs. Bunny." " Come along, you miserable little don: key," said Pearce in a savage undertons'; " everything will be upset through you,en "Yes; take the little brute,up to bed and; hasten back; we've a good deal to arrange yet," said Parkes.l Hreupon Paice huriried him, weeping 'copiously, up-stairs and into his room. -' When he retirned he brought Spoonie's gun and a revolver from his ownraoom. ' "I think these will do, Parkes," he said. "Yes:I have my loaded stick." "Now, if yon ladies will g~o'up to your Sroom, we will make what protection we can foryour safety, though I'm sure it won't be needed.. We won't let them get up-staira, I think, Parkes!" ,' - -. S"I rat.her fancy not," said Paekesa know?r ingly. " Hadn't we behter put some of thee slver away?" ;"sggested Mrs. Bany timilly. "The pa porMr. Bunny had pres antid to l lan 'the eupaBthb boy's won" : -"Not on any ac.co'ta," exclaimed Pearce hnstily; "you'll doly put off the evil dsyisaid they'llattack you some tiinei wied you have nou one at home toiroteoct yoe. Come n ,w; I 'willg0o iwith you up-stairs and see that your' room is seore; you had better lock yourselves in oa room; "'No; we will not lock ourselvesin. 'If theie it any danger I'd much rather. face it; bht I'm sure he-sthey woald n't hurt Iu," said Mien Carney with a break in her voice that sound~d like a sob. "No. I'm sure they- wouldn't," assented Mrs. Bonoy, ao she mounted the stairs. "Thank you for all the trouble you have taken, Mr. Pearce, but we'll be safe enough. Here's the key of the sideboard ; you'll fild the whisly in the right-hand corner. " Mrs. Bonny, come here and say you for give me," cried Spooeie, whose head felt steadier sileehehadbeen lying down, and he was getting soberenough to realise howgriev isly he had offended. "D), do forgive me." " You had better go a'd spe3k to the little idiot, to keep him quiet," said Pearce. So Mrs; IBunny sighed and went to his dooer. "I forigive you, Mr. Spoonie; you have sinned more againust yourselsf than against me ; but, rememberthere is Another, whose forgiveness you must ask," she said. "Another I Oh I you mean Miss Carney. I do beg herto forgive me. , "' If you .speak.another word to.night I'll never' forgive'you; or'speakito younagain," said Bertha impatiently. . ..... Aind Spoomuie collapsed utterly, and'ilence fell upon the house. . r.. . Meanwhile, the two downstairshad seated theinselves comfortably to watch. Pearce got out the swhisky and some cigars, Prdpre-. pared to enjoy, himself., .Parkes, who did :not smoke, occupied himself in writing thrilling' account of the affair, as it vould, of course, happen for the next day's piper.' He' thought of the sensation it would cause, and what a hero he woulde aniongst those in the house, and. how, possibly,'his salary: might be raised, and goodn.osknows what might happen if the foresight which frese traced this burglary, and was the means of btcaking up the gang, received its due re cognition. SPearce's thoughts were much .the same evidently, for he; said, in a low tone-- 'This will make a stir in our shop, Parkes," "It should, I think," assented PFarkes. "It's apublic service and deserves a public recognition." . '"Yes, certainly. What a gift it is to be able to read facts. Directly 1 saw that felb low Barron (of course his name isn't Barron) I noticed the villany of his'face ; that ready grin of his, showing all his white teeth, and the bold way he looks in a person's face, all denote the hardened elirobate ; no modesty, you know." " No ; you're quite right, and the other fellow, hiding his face under his beard and goggles I Of course both 'can. be removed at a moment's notice." - " Of course.' And the youngfellow puts them on, being' taller and 'a different build, he counts on being thoroughly disguised; that's why hesbaved." ' ' 'I say,'Pearce, saome one is taken down a bit. Was quite civil to.night, begging us to give them another chance." ' "Serve her right; . She fancies she's such. a judge of a gentleman. : -. "She won't'be quits so uppish in future,'I' think." .... " For my part,' said Pearce, grandly,'! 'll let her see that she's fallen 'considerably in my estlinatini. : She'll* refuse sear time:aI.. inviteher to go anywhere with me." : i "All athat "tas nasty. 'When youn had: tickets for'the reserved seats,: too," repliied Parkes; synipathetically, but with evident' relish. " And she almost laughed in your face when yot asked her," said Pearce. "Well, yes, in a manner," rejoined Parkes, the relish considerably lessened. "And three days I saw her walking by the lake with that-that-burglar." S" Well, she'll have to bail him out next week if she desires his company," said Parkes, spitefully. "Yes; and the musical evenings will come to a close," said Pearce. S"End of the season," said Parkes, wittily, and they laughed long and silently. "When this is over," said Pearce, at length, "I'll give a lecture at our association on 'Face reading; a few characteristics of criminals,' and invite her and the old lady." " And I'll write a coinic song about them and get Spoonie to sing it," said Parkes. " Lucky he's drunk, ain't it 7"' "Yes. He'd only be in the way." i Just then the post.office clock chimed twelve, and, according' to their programme, they turned out the gas and eat in darkness. Everything was quiet so far, Pearce smoked a few more cigars, and they both had a feir more nips of whisky, and were beginning to feel cramped and sleepy when it struck one, They listened intently,.then Pearce caught 'Parkes by the arm warningly. Yes, a dcor had opened, and some one was coming canti ously down stairs. The steps went stealthily over the oilclothed hall, and stopped at Bar rons' door. It opened gently, and a low voice, Joey's unmistakably, asked-" Awake, Jonathan? Isn't it time for-f"' Then the door closed. Pearce drew in his breath, and grasped the revolver, and PaWkes felt along the wall for the gun. The time had come at last. They were not cowards; they had even more than: the average amount of courage, but no one can' wonder if they felt a monentary nervousness. The fastenings of the back doors and windows were of the usual insecure kind, and, for all they knew, might be open at that moment, ready to ad niit the accomplices at a given signal, and there were only themselves till Williams and Ferriss were aroused. ' Parkes sincerely wished now that they had been let into the secret,even if theyshared the honorand glory. If they would wake up in time, and the policeman was on watch as he promised, all would be well. (To be continued.) 