\- THE MYSTERY OF THE PFIAtL. (rax? Fs orasow L :y cEzaeem) Sl'Many year ago vessels carried far heavier crows than at present, for nowadays the great aimnofowner seems to be scenping everything.to the lowest possible figure. I Suppose tisarises from the greater competi. tion in trade, decrease of freights, and in crease of harbour dues and wages. At any rate, the old dunder-thumper brig rigged vessel Pearl, hailing from the good port of Limerick, and about 300 tons or so, carried a crew of thirteen, including the cook and two boys-one doing duty aft as head-steward and bottle-washer. She, of .course, carried two mates, and, with the skipper, brought up the whole tally to sixteen hinds. The great majority were Irish ; and I can tell you that among Irish seamen there is no happy medium-they are either first-rate or useless when well out at sea and clear of the grog-shop; and the men on board of the Pearl brig were 'as smart a set of seamen as you could find on Limerick quays. : The vessel was cleared out, bound to London in ballast to take in cargo. for the port of Genoa. .~a;a I don't know where the old man' a:d from, as he had a name I never came across before-it was Jasper Trojan-and this might have fitted any country. He was a powerful, thick-set-looking man, between forty and fifty, with shity bead-looking eyes set deep back in his head, and was horribly disfigured with small-pox; alto gether he was anything but lovely in appear ance or polite in manners. I don't believe Captain Trojan ever washed or changed his linen-if, indeed, he wore any at all; he just rolled out of his bunk of a Smorning and bolted his breakfast, and then tumbled up the companion for a look round. The Pearl's cabin was just a kind of den aft, andhada screw down tableamidship and lockers all round-I don't suppose it was above eight feet square by five high. The skipper had a bunker on the starboard side, and the mate one opposite. I was cabin boy and steward, and slept on the after transom, or on one of the lockers. The second mate and crew all bunked in the fore castle. Just you fancy a dark hole, with black beams and dingy floor, only lighted by a small booby hatch by day and slush lamp by night, where it was impossible to sew or read (if anyone wanted to read), and reeking with all the abominations of the Egyptians; and this was the dining saloon, bed chamber, and retiring apartments of thirteen men, who seldom, if ever, washed, and never changed a rag except when deluged with a green sea over the bows. Now, just take a look at the Pearl as she ' blunders along underall plain sail, royals and flying jib set-an old set of dingy patched canvas - bowsprit steered nearly up and down, bluff square bows thumping the water and sending the spray broad off on each side, and unpainted bulwarks, the green corroded copper up to the bends, and the standing ragging innocent of Stockholm, and not a ratios or footrope trustworthy a seaman's foot. She had a dingyfigarehead, represent ing a woman with a dab of crimson on each cheek, with eyes staring out to starboard, gazing intently and keeping a vacant look out for nothing at all. Of all unromantic craft, that was most unlikely to have a lasting history in tragedies and mysteries of the ocean, the Pearl was the most unlikely looking, as she rolled and pitched along past the west coast of Ireland. Recent events in London and elsewhere, of butcheries and fiendish deeds apparently without aim or object, have brought back vividly to my mind one of the most ghastly episodes that ever occurred at sea. Murder generally presupposes some motive -either revenge, greed, or sudden mania; but there is no safeguard against the deliberate, carefully wrought-out plan of the cunning, and hitherto unsuspected, calm and deliberate demon, living as it were two distinct lives, and seemingly having two separate beings swaying and animating one person. The skipper, as far as my then experience and present recollection serve me, navigated the ship and gave orders as customary ; the men worked at the thou sand-and-one odds and ends always to be found to do. aboard a vessel, and smoked andlolled about in the last dog-watcle in a commonplace seafaring way. Now, every evening, about eight bells, my duty was to wash the dishes, cleanup the galley (a little wooden box on deck amid ships) and tidy up : and then I used (beinf a big lump of a boy of fifteen) to go and smoke at the windlass forward, after' -trimming and lighting the cabin lamp. It was in the end of Set ten?lm r, and pretty light on deck at six in the morning. One night--I will never forget it-I was lying dozing on the after transom, when I suddehly started up fully awake. Some in describable horror seemed to oppress me. I looked up; the feeble unruffiled wick of the nearly empty lamp only served to make things around dimn and uncertain. I suppose it would be about four bells in the middle watch, when I distinctly heard a suppressed groan and gurgling noise from the mate's bunk, and could see the indistinct form of a moan leaning over it. Then the lamp flickered and went out, and a great horror fell upon me, Ikuew not why. I heard the skipper tumble into his bunk, and a curious sound like air escaping from the deck prunp, and I rose up and crept on deck and sat cowering under the quarter-deckbul warks, trying to think. ' What's the matter, lad t' s??g out the second mate, who bad the watch, as Ile dragged me to thebinnacle lamp. 'You are aus white as a ghost, and all tremblin-.' ' I don't know, sir,' I said; I think I had the nightmare.' Bnt go below I would not till full daylight. All was correct, seemingly. The skipper was snoring peace fully; all else was still; and at five bells in .the morning watch I set the cups, went to the galley for the coffee, and roused the skipper. One of the seamen used to keep the morning watch and have his coffee in the cabin after the skipper had done. The old man roused out, swallowed his coffee, vent on deck, and told theofficerofthe watch Sto go down. In the scant morning light everything was dim and uncertain. All was quiet for a few minutes. I could hear the man strike flint and steel, and then light a sulphur match, and as it burnt up clear, and he was lighting lis pipe, it threw a ruddy 'glare over the mate's bunk. Good God! shall I ever forget the sight? The mate's head lay overthe carilinec-his faoc blue, and dead. A stream of clotted blood was over his neck and breast, over the mat, and in clots and blotches on the deck. Forone moment I stood aghast; I then rushed to reach the ladder, slipped on the blood- stained deck, and tore up on deck, and fell fainting against the little sle- light. The swond officer and all hands soon m'crambled oft: and the body was with great hificulth carried up the small companion hatch and laid aft in the wheel grating. The second mate gripped me convulsivelv by the wrist. and on rousing np to fullconsiousness, I saw the skipper walking ulip and downt the quarter-deck. He never looked at any of us, and he never glanced aft at the body. After a long time he stopped, leant over the gang way, and steadily looked over to windward. ' Now, Captain Jasper Trojan seemed to have no characteristic any more than that he never swore; he was taciturn, but not morose. and I never heardhim tell any story or'allude to any event of his former life. Pre eently he turned round and drawled out, 'Cut his throat in the night, ay ! Ge(t some canvas, 3_r. Donovan, and sew it iup.' The seaman hung back, while the captain wrnt below, brought upsome old canvasand palm and needle, and knelt down and deliberateli- sewed np the body, dressed as it was, and then ordered the main topsail to be 'backed. and before anyone could ape k or in terftre, lifted the body up, and threw it over the le gangway into the sea, braced the I mnaiya.d forward,, and on the vessel went. the dingy canvas with its ghastly I freight rising and falling on the waves in our a wake till we iosteight of it. The men slinked forward, horror-stricken, and then the old man, without a word, went below and deliberately turned into his bunk. I -In one short hour the whole ship seemed P changed. The .men conversed in groups C "Oldmn?a,"?ame'ste?mfo ueapt$ain. under their breath, work was stopped, and though the wheel was relieved and watches changed, sail made and shortened; yet the vessel'wasliko a coffin to the imagination. The second mate wouldn't go-tft to the spare bunk ; and I never, if I coild help it, in the cabin went far from the ladder." Two nights passed away,- and the wgather was dark and squally ; so at the change of watches-eight bells of the second dog-watch -we handed topgallant sails and reefed topsails, stowed thelight sails, and the watch below turned in. The watch on deck cowered under the lee of the galley and long boat, leaving only the second mate, man at the wheel, and look-out man forward on the night- heads. I sneaked down the fore scuttle, and coiled myself away among the men, not daring to go aft. The wind was blowing in gusts from the S.W., and Cape Clear light was almost dead astern, and it was all hands on deck to shorten sail, and stand by the topsail halliards, as a heavy squall caught us aback, and the brig gathered stern way. I thought we were gone. Everything was let fly, and the head-yards braced abex, and so she paid off, and we close-reefed, and stood off on the port tack. The hands went below. At two bells in the morning watch (5 a.m.), it was as dark as pitch, rain and sleet, when the brig flewright up in the wind, and when the men rushed to the braces, there was neither officer of the watch, helmsman, or second officer to be sen, search hinh and low. The cabin lamp was out; the binnacle lamp was the only light available. We shouted-it was in vain; we looked below and aloft, and then waited in terror for the dawn. Seeing the skipper seated on the main hatch, I crept below to try and light the lamp, and steadied myself against the starboard bunk. Great heavens! As I stretched out my hand, I felt and knew instinctively that that bunk was occupied, and my hand tell on the cold upturned face of the corpse. I staggered up, ranforward, and threw myself headlong down the fore-scuttle. In incoherent tones, I managed to let the men know my tale. But still we waited for the daylight. The men went aft and took the wheel, and kept together; .they all had some weapon, mostly the iron belaying pins from the topgallant rail forward. Silently sat Captain Trojan, and the only sound was the weird whistle of the wind through the rigging, as the brig came up or rolled to leewards. An hour passed, and then broke the blessed dawn. A dark scud flew overhead, with a leaden sky all round. Bnt oh, for theblessed light! With set faces the men kept their eyes on the skipper. Then he rose slowly and came aft: the men fell back right and left. A significant look went round, and as the skipper put his foot on the ladder a rush was made at hini, and he was thrown back on the deck. A desperate struggle ensued. With the strength of a maniac, the captain held one man in his powerful grasp and fought and twisted, and at last rose stmight up, still retaining his hold, till he crashed against the weather gangway board, a frail piece of timber; and, as the brig rolled to windward, the captain, with the doomed seaman in his grasp, fell headlong overboard, and rose no With trembling steps the men crowded into the cabin, and there, in the captain's bunk, stark and cold and bloody, lay the body of the second mate, with his throat cut from ear to ear. There was no trace of a struggle: the detail of that tragedy will ever remain a mystery. Carefully the . body was rapped up and shrouded-only one glance was given to it to be assured no life remained. The main topsail was once more backed, and without a prayer, though not unmourned, the corps smote the water and sank. I awoke to consciousness in the hospital in Liverpool; but even to this day do I involhmn tarily shiver when my mind calls back this memory. I learnt afterwards that the men. having found an anker ofwhiskey, held a saturnalia. The Pearl was picked up by a revenue cutter, and taken up the Mersey, with four men missing and the strictest official inquiry never vet unravelled the mystery of the Pearl of Limerick, or whether the skipper was a responsible person and a common murderer for some unknown purpose, or a lunatic with a homicidal mania. 