DR. ROHNER v THE COUNCIL OF PHILLIP ISLAND. To the Editor of the S. B. and M. Journal. SIR— Motto: Sic transit gloria mundi. The agony is past—it is fnished; the fever is at last played out; the new Health Officer for the Shire has been appointed, and all that is now left for me to do is to bow my head to the verdict of this vox vulgi —-this Barabbas voice—and quietly give up my ghost! But some doctors die hard, and as thunder and lightning has accom- panied the death of many a dying martyr and hero, I, although claiming to be neither martyr nor hero, to a very exor- bitant extent say, perhaps, be excused to call upon the holy spirit of Moses to pro- claim the eleventh commandment of his hitherto defective decalogue, saying unto the children of the earth—from thunder- ing and spitfire Mount-Sinai—''Man thou shalt be fair and just in thy dealings with thy brother." It is somewhat hard for a doctor to die to order, when the convales- cent patient snaps his fingers at his medico and DOES him out of his honestly earned fee, as my friend Harbison, the now notorious millionaire and moral hero of Brighton and his docile myrmidons in the Council, with all its holy and unholy Joes, has done. For, be it known to all men, and above all to the powers of the Central Board of Health, the last twelve months I honestly and invariably, and alas also gratuitously, acted as Health Officer to this recreant and mean spirited body of Councillors, who are just about as fit to act in the capacity of a Local Board of Health as they are unfit to keep a dirty pig-stye clean. I don't believe that there is another body of public men in the country who, sworn to conduct public business publicly and openly, have dealt with the business of their Shire in so secret, underhand and clandestine a manner as the Councillors of the Phillip lsland Shire have done—in fact a few men, if it be fair to call them men, with the President for bell weather, con- duct the whole business of this Shire quietly by themselves and let the other members and the public at large know just as much of their star chamber trans- actions is suits their own whims or inter- ests. A greater degradation of popular representative Government cannot be witnessed anywhere in the colony than may be seen in full working order in the Shire Hall of San Remo. O holy Remus! For twelve long months have the Govern- ment allowed this Shire to do, without the aid of a qualified Health Officer in spite of the repeated cases of invasion of zymotic disease into their territory. To these cases and to other work I was called upon to attend and have done so, vainly depend- ing upon the honesty and generosity of at least one of the Councillors; but this one alas turned traitor, giving me the usual parting kiss of Judas—fair words, without a soul of meaning in them. Peace to his ashes whenever he falls to pieces! Thus the twice elected Presidents and bright moral hero of Brighton has succeeded in introducing his private business principle —meanness and vindictiveness—into, the operations of a public body, and many an officer of this Council before me has, like me, suffered through the stealthy manner and through the dark cowardly ways adopted by preference by this corporate body of public scourges. May he and all his mates—all the holy and unholy Josephs of this unholy alliance—prosper in their mean tactics against a doctor truly poor in pocket, but not yet quite so im- poverished in spirit as to lack the courage and manliness to call a spade a spade, and to expose wickedness in the high places from the Prince of Wales down to the moral hero of Brighton. In conclusion I say, with my great Master, forgive the President of the Phillip Island Shire and his worthy fellow Councillors their debts, and above all the debt of £100 which those good and honest Christians (?) owe me for work and labor done for them and the public without fee and reward, from 1st October, 1888, to 1st October, Anni Domini eighteen hundredand eighty nine. ADIEU! C. W. ROHNER, M.D. Quondam Health Officer of Phillip Island Shire. Hastings, 27/10/89. P.S.—I consider it my bounden duty to caution my lucky (?) successor in office and colleague, Dr. Samuel Wilson, not to allow the management and collection of his promised subsidy into the over deft hands of Thomas Bergin, senr., store keeper and publican, of San Remo, other wise he might find out at the end of his term, as I did to my sorrow, that for two years faithful work I could not get even the paltry sum of £25 subscribed for by a grateful people as a subsidy to a poor but contented doctor. But this debt also of not only not collecting the duly subscribed subsidy, but of even influencing the would be donors not to give me anything, shall be forgiven to my hostile friend, Thomas Bergin senr., storekeeper and publican, of San Remo. C.W.R. 