C0L0HEL QUAMTGE, V.C. A*TALE OF OuUNTRiY LIFE. CHAPTER XL. HCI 1-0 Lfci". FV B. KIPtB HAPGAED, Arilt r • i Min t; -t .1 itert> Miotsv'Allan Quatreu- uite," ' JtiW tluicli! i<t tte clock—it was nearly <II IDILC NAMING—time to RC to bed IF he gHDg. Bat be did cot feel inclined to t'.o to t*d. If be did, with thio great tlis- «ever? on his mind, he ehould not sleep. There wao stolher thing, it was ChriBtmas fcvt CT ratter Christmas Day,'the day of Jua e answer. If any sscsour *7as to be liivtn ut bit, it mast be given at once, before the lortreee had capitulated. Occe let the txt'ucetnect he renewed, ead even if the mi Dty fchoald be eabeeqnectly forthcoming, tbe difficulties wonld be dottbted. >Eat there; be was building his hopes upon sand, and be fe new it. Even supposing that he held in hia band the hey to the burial place of the longlost treasure, who knew whether* it would still be there, or whether rcmonr -had not enormously -taded to its proportions* He was allowing'his hopes and toisimagination to carry him away. Still he could not sleep, an&fce; had laind to see if anything coald be made of it. Going to the gsn-room he put on & pair of shooting bootf , an old coat, and an deter. Next he provided himself with a dark lantern and the bey of the summeF-faoaseat the top of Dead Man's Mount, and silently aniocking tho back door, started oat into.the tar den. The night was very rough, for the great gale was now rising fast,, &nd; bittedy cold, so cold that.he hesitated for a moment before making up this mind to go in. Burever, he did go. on, and in another two xctnnteswas elimfeing the steep sides of -ike great tumulus, There was a wan moon <in the cold shy — tbe wind whistSed moet drearily through tic naked boughs of the great oakB which groaned in answer like things in pain. Harold was not a nervous or impressionable man, bnt the plaee had a spectral look about it, and he could set help thinking of the evil reputation it had borne for all these ages. There was scarcely a man in Honham or in Boioingham either,, who conld have been persuaded to stay haif-anbou by himself on Dead Man's Mount after the ran was well down. Harold had at different times asked one or two of them what they saw to be afraid of, and they kad answered that it was not what they saw so much as what they felt. He had langhed at the time, but now he admitted to himself that he was anything but comfortable, though if he tad to put his feelings into words be could probably not have described them further than by saying that he <had a general sensation of somebody being behind him. However, he was not going to fce frightened by tkie nonsense, so, consigning all superstitions to their father the Devil, he inarched cn boldly, and unlocked the summer-house door. Now, thoiigh this curious edifice had been designed for a summer-house, and for that purpose had been lined throughout with encaustic tiles, nobody as a matter of fact had ever dreamed of using it to sit in. To begin with, it roofed ever a great depression some thirty feet or more in diameter, for the top of the mount was hollowed out like one of those wooden caps upon which jugglerc catch bills. Bat, notwithstanding all the encaustic tiles in the world, damp wQl gather in a hollow like this, and the damp alone was au objection. The real fact was, however, that the spot had au evil reputation, and even these who were sufficiently well educated to know the folly of this sort of thing would cct willingly have gone there for purposes of enjoyment. So it had suffered the general fate of disused places, having fallen more or less out of repair and become a receptacle for garden tools, broken cucumber frames, and lumber of various sorts. Harold got the dcor open and entered, shutting it behind him. It was, if anything, more disagreeable in the empty silence of the wide place, for the space roofed over was considerable, than it had been outside, and the question at once arose in his mind what was he to do now that he had got there ? If the. treasure was there at all, probably it was y^TLT- i I P roDao, y " Well, as he was on the spot, he thought that he might as well have a dig, though probably nothing would come of it. In the corner were a pickaxe and some spades and shovels. Harold got them, advanced to the centre of the space and, half laughing at hie own folly, set to work. First, having lit another lantern which was kept there, he removed with the sharp end of the pickaxe a large patch of the encaustic tiles exactly in the centre of the depression. Then having loosened the soil beneath with the pick, he took off las ulster, and fell to digging with a will. The soil proved to be very sandy and easy to work. Indeed, from its appearance, he soon came to the conclusion that it was not virgin earth, bet worked eoil, which bad been thrown there. Presently his spade struck against something hard, he picked it up, and held it t<? the lantern. It proved to be an ancient EDe&rhead;, c^i pear it were some bones, though whether or no they were human he ccnld not ^t the time determine, This was fee foiSTld h^eelf chest aeep ia a ^ now, and was getting very tired. Co!<t £L P ere P i ration poured from "m. AS be paused for breath he heard the Church clock strike two, and very solemnly it sounded down the wild wayB of £he wind-torn winter night He csg on a little more, aad then seriously thdoght of giving up what he was somewhat Jttteftmed of having undertaken. How was he to account for thle great hole to his gai- ' deher on the following morning? Then and there he made up his mind that he would not account for it. The eardener, in common with the rest of the village, believed that the tlace was haunted. Let them set down the jicle to the "spooks" aud their spiritual Still He dug on at hisgravefor a little longer. It was by now becoming a matcer of exceeding labour to throw the shovelfuls of soil clear ^f the hole. Then he determined to stop, and with this view scrambled not without difficulty out of the amateur tomb. Once out, hie eyes' fell on a stout iron crowbar which which was standing among thB other tools, euch an implement ae is used to make holes ie tbe earth wherein to Bet hurdles and rtakf e; and it occurred to hi n that it would not Ik ft bad idea to drive this crowbar into the bottom of the grave which he had du?, -in order to oJC;r£ a, 1 U WW anything within its reach. IccorcUngly Kl onu£ J£?£? , descended into the hole, and began to wortc with the iron crow, driving it down with all his strength. When he had got it almoBt as Jeep as it would go, that is about three feet, it strnck something—something hard—there was no doubt of it. He worked away in great excitement, widening tha hole as much ae he could. • Yes, it was masonry, or if it was not masonry, it was something uncommonly like it. He drew the crow out of the hole, and, seizing the shovel, commenced to dig again with renewed vigour. As he conla no longer conveniently throw the Eoil from the hole he took a " skep" or leaf basket, which lay handy,and,placing it beside him. put as much of the sandy soil as he could lift into it, and then lifted it and shot it on the edge of the pit. For three-quarters of an hour he laboured thus most manfully till at last he came down to the stonework. He cleared a patch of it and examined it attentively by the light of the dark lantern. It appeared to be nibble work built in the form of an arch. He strnck it with the iron crow, and it gave back a hollow sound. There was a cavity of some tort underneath. His excitement and curiosity redoubled. By great efforts he widened the spot of stone work already laid Dare. Luckily the eoil, or rather eand, was so friable that there was very HhIa little exertion Arartimi required f»nni»n to tn loosen lnn&en; it. This done he took the iron crow and inserting it beneath a loose fiat stone levered it up. This was a beginning, and having got rid of the large flat stone he struck down again and again with all his strength, driving the sharp point oi the heavy crow into the rubble work beneath. It began to give, he could hear bits of it falling into the cavity below. There! it went with a crash, more than a square foot cf it. He leant over the hole at hie feet, devoutly hoping that the ground on which he WAS standing would not give way also, ana tried to- look down. The next second he threw his head back coughing and gasping. The foul air rushing up from the cavity or chamber, or whatever it was, hid hale poisoned him. Then not without diiiicuUy lie climbed out of the grave aud sit down oa the pile of 6and he had thrown up. Clearly be must let the air in the place sweeten a little. Clearly also he must have assistance if he was to descend into the great hole. He conld not undertake that by himself. He sat there upon the edge of the pit woidering who there was that he could trust. Not his own gardener. To begin witi he wonld never come near the place at night and besides euch people talk. The Squire : No, he could not rouse him at this hour, and alec, for obvious reasons, they had not met lately. Ah, he had it. George was the man ! To begin with, be could be trusted to bold his tongue, and the episode of the production cf the real Mrs. Quest had taught tae Colonel that George was a person of no con- »,r-n powers. He could think and he cou'.d t a!so. he tkrew cn his coat, eitiEguuhed tbe J&jtf; rtalJe lantern, and having passed oat, 1 rfetd the door cf the ramnur-hesee, and ^i„jte<.l down the mpnnt &t; a t;ct. Tbe win ! bad HWB ptesdil; darlDg his bears of bitd-WKe t>ow Mowing a furious gale. It was;! about a-quarter to lour in tbe morning and; the stare shone brightly in tbe bard elear-: ; L.io«n thy. By their light and that of the. waning rooon he Etrugpltd on in the teeth of; the raging tempest. As he passed und^r one if the oaks he heard a mighty crack over-, head, and, guessing what it was, ran like a^ hare. He was none too eoon. A circular 1 euet cf mote than usual tiercenees had twisted the top right out of the great tree, and down it came upon the turf with a rending crashing sound that made hie blood^ turn coSd. After thiB escape he avoided the' 1 neighbourhood of the groaning trees. Georee lived in a neat little farmhouse? about £i quarter of a mile away. There was* a ehort out to it across the nelds, and this he! took, breathlessly lighting his way against; the gale which swept, and roared, and) howled in its splendid might as it camej leaping across the ocean from its birthplace; in the distances of air. Even the stiff naw-j thorn fences bowed before its breath, and the tali poplars on the sky-line bent like & rod beneath the first rush of a ealmon. Excited .as be was, the immensity and grandeur -of the sighta and eonnds etracfe upon fcim with strange and awfnl force. Never before had he felt so far apart irom man 'and «o oear to that dread Spirit sound Whoee feefemillions of rolling worlds rueh on for ev«r, at Whose word they are, endare, and are not. He struggled on until at last be reached the house. rSt was quite silent, but in one of the windows -a light was burning. No doubt its occapants found it impossible to sleep in that wild gale. The next thing to consider was hew to make himself heard. To knock at the door would be useless in that turmoil. There was only-one thing to be done—threw •tones at tbe window. He found a good-sized pebble, sad, standing underneath, threw it with Buch goodwill that it went right through the glass, Ughtingas he afterwards keard, foil upon Mrs. Geocge-'o deeping nose, and nearly frightening that good woman, whose nerves were already shaken by the gale, into a fit Next minute a redisoghtc&p; appeared at the window. " George," coar-ed the Colonel, ia a lull-of • the gale. " Who's there?" cane tbe faint answer. "Me—Colonel iQuadlch. Come down. I .r ant to speak to von." The head was withdrawn, and a couple «f ,minutes afterwards Harold saw the front door begin to open slowly. He waited till there was space enoughs and then slipped iq, and together they forced it to. ''-Stop a bit, sir," said Gecrge; " Til light the.l&Bip;," and he did. Nsxt minute he stepped tack in amazement. "Why what on arth hev you bin after, sir ?" >he said, contemplating -Harold's filthbegrimed face, and hands, and clothes. " Is anything wrong up at the Castle, or is the cottage blown down ?" "No,jsc," said Harold;" listen. You've heard tell of the treasure that old Sir James de la Mo'ile -buried in the times of the Roundheads S" " Yes, yes. IVe heard tell of that. Hev the gale blows it up?" " No, but by Heaven I believe that £ am in a fair way to £cd it." George took another step back, remembering the tales that Mrs. Jobson had told, and not being by any means sure that the Colonel was not in a dangerous condition of lunacy. "Give me a glass of something to drink, water or milk, and I'll tell you. I've been dinging all night, and my throat's like a limekiln." " Digging; why where i" " Where ?" In Dead Man's Mount?" "In Dead Man's Mount?" said George, " well, blow me, if that ain't a funny place to die at on a night like this," and, too amazed to say anything more, he went off to get the milk. Harold drank three glasses without stopping, and then sat down to tell as much of his moving tale as he thought desirable. CHAPTER XLI. HOW SHE NIGHT WENT. George sat opposite to him, his hands on his knees, the red nightcap on his head, and a comical expression of astonishment upon his melancholy countenance. .. "Well," he said, when Harold had done, " blow me, if that ain't a master one. And yet there's folks who say that there ain't no such thing as Prowiaence—not that there's anything prowided yet—p'raps there ain't nawthing there after all." " I don't know if there is or not, but I'm going back to Bee, and I want you to come with me now." "Now':" said G6crge, rather uneasily, " Why, Colonel, that &aint; a very nice spot to go digging about i^a .on a night like this. I niver heard no good of that there placenot aB I holds by itch talk myself," he added, apologetically. " Well," said ths (Colonel, " you can do as you like, but I'm ioing back at once, and going down the hole, too; the gas must be out of it by now. There are reasons," he added, " why 3 if this money is to be found at all, it should be found this morning. To-day is Christmas Day, you know.'* 1 " Yes, yes Colonel; I know what you mean. Bless you, I hnow all about it; the S U f I S £ K H» this morning. Poor young iady.I aaw her yesterday, and she looks like a gt>.ost she du. Ah, he's a mean one, that Cossey, Laryer Quest wanrt in it with him after alt. Well, £ cooked his goose for him. and I'd give eummut to have a hand in cooking that banker chap's too. You wait a minute. Colonel, and I'll come along, gale and ghostestes and alL I only hope it mayn't be af ter a f 00 i' 8 arra jjd, that's all," and he fttircu to put on his boot®. Presently he acpeared again, his red nightcap still on his head, • - for - he •-- was afraid -'-- !J that '- u -'- *- the u - wind would blow 9 hat off, and carrying an unsighted lantern In h:: Now, Colonel, I'm ready, sir if you be, : and they started. The gale was, if anything, fierccr than ever. Indeed, there had been no such tempest in those parts for years, or rather centuries, the condition of the timber by ten o'clock that morning amply testified. "This here wind must be like that as the g llu i re tells us on in the time of King Charles, as blew the top of the church tower off on a Christmas night," shouted George; but Harold made no answer, and they foaght their way onward without speaking any more, for their voiceB were almost inaudible. Once the Colonel stopped and pointed to the sky-line. Of all the row of tall poplars whish he had seen bending like whips before the wind as he came along but one remained standing * nd M he inted that P° vanished also. . . _ . Beaching the summer-house 10 safety, they entered, and the Colonel shut and locked the door behind them. The frail building was literally rocking in the tur j ot the g^om, " I hope the roof will hold,'' shouted George, but Haiold took no theed. He was thinking of other things. They lit the interne, of which they now had three, and the Colonel slid down into the great grave he had so industriously dug, motioning to George to follow. This that worthy did, not without trepidation. Then thev both knelt and stared down through the hole in the masonry, but the light of the lanteme was not strong enough to enable them to make out anything with clearness. "Well," said George, falling back upon hiB favourite expression in his amazement, as he drew hie nightcapped head from the hole," if that ain't a master one, I niver saw a masterer, that's all." " What be you agoing to do now, Colonel Hev yon a ladder here V s " No,"answered Harold. " I never thought of that, but I've a good rope : I'll get it. : Scrambling out of the hole, he presently returned with a long coil of stout rope. It ! belonged to some men who had been recently 1 i • Li* i .a* — .L. .1 employed in cutting boughs off such of the oaks as needed attention. They undid the rope and let the eni down to see how deep the pit was. When they felt that the end lay upon the floor they pulled it up. The depth from tbe hole to tbe bottom of the pit appeared to be about 1 8 | x teen feet or a trifle more. Harold took the iron crowbar and having made the rope fast to it fixed the bar across the mouth of the aperture. Then he doubled the rope, tied some knots in it, and let it down into the pit, preparatory "fro climbing down it. But George was too quick for Km. Fergetting liis doubts as to the wisdom of .groping about Dead Man's Mount at night, in the ardour of his burning curiosity, he took the dark lantern and holding it in his teeth passed his body through tbe hole ia the masonry and cautiously BM down the rope. "Are you all right':" asked Harold in a voice tremulous with excitement, for was not his life's fortune trembling on the turn ? " Yes,' : answered lieorge, in a doubtfa*. voice, and Harold looking down could see that he was holding the lantern above his bfril .ind staring at something very hard. Ni->t moment a most awful howl of terror ei-hoed up through the pit, the lantern was d rxnied upon the ground and the rope commenced to be agitated with the utmost violence. In another two seconds George's red nightcap appeared tnrough the hole followed )jy a face that was literally livid with terror. '"Let n e up for Goad's sake,'' he gaBped, fir he'll hev me by the leg T "He! whn?" asked the Colonel, not without a thrill of superstitious fear—as he dragged the panting man through the hole. Bnt Georce would give no answer until le Wf,e through tbe bole and cut of the grav$ •lodeed-L&d-ft-Dot.; be«c *for <«tse Colonel's efcgei entreaties, bbok^d to *oa>3 extent by actna} force, be wonld bave-been out of the eomrrei-honse and half -w&y; dowB the mount by now. " What Ie it V roared the Oeloobl in the hole to George, who Ehiveriog -with terror was standing on tbe edge thereof. "' It's-a blessed ghoet, that's what it is. Colonel," answered George, keepicg his eyes £s»d upon the hole as though he momentarily espeoted to see the objeei of his fears emerg?. " Nonsense," Baid Harold, --doubtfully. " What rubbish you taik. What eort ot a ghost?" " A white un," said George, " a'l bones -Sfee." "*• All bones ?" answered the Colonel; " why it must be a skeleton." S 1 1 don't say that it ain't,'"'-was the answer, "•but if he be he's seven feet high, and sitting airing of hisself.in a stone bath." Oh, rubbish," eaid -the Coloneh " How caE ^skeleton sit ea5~air"h:mseff wonld tuoble to bits." "I don't know, but there he is, and they det't call this place 4 Dead Man's Moact' for navrthing" . , " Well," said the Cok»nel,£jeumentatevely, "*~ekeleton is a perfectly harmless thine." •VYes, if he he's dead maybe, sir, but this one's alive I saw fain*nod his-head at-mc.' "•Look here, George," answered Harold, feeling that if this went on .mech longer he should lose his nerve altogether. " I'micot going to be soared. "" Great ~ hoawens, .what * ' gnsti jl'm going down itosee-fordsiyself." < " Vary good, ColoneEi" answered Geoige, "andI'll wait here tils youcome up again— that is if you iver du." : Thrice did Harold Icok at 'the hole aa£ thrice like false Sextos did-he shrink back. " Coaaei" he shouted angrily,-"don't be aa infernal fool, get down feese and-hand me the lantemT' George.obeyed with evident trepidation. Then Harold got through 4he hole and with many an toward tremor, for-there iaacarcely a man cn4he face of the (earth whosic really free from supernatural feare,<desceaded hand .overhand. -But in eo doing he managed to Jet the lantern fall and it went out. Now as the reader will probably ad⁢ this was exceedingly trying. It is not pleasant to be left alone in the dark underground in the company of an,.unknown "spent." He-bad •some matches, -but what between fear «nd ooid it was same time befere be could aeCa light. Down in this deep plaoe the rash cf tbe£reat gale ceacbed his ears like a faint and melancholy .sighing, and he heard other tapping noises, too, or he thought he .did, noises .of a creepy and nnpleasant nature. Would the .matches never light t Tee chill and death-like daexp.of the place stEEck to his marrow and the .cold swsat paored from his brew. Ah ! at last! He Kept bis eyes steadily fixed upon the lantern till he had lit it aad it was burning np brightly. 3%en by an .effort he lifted .his eyes and leaked round him. And-this is whet hesuw. These three or four paces from him in the centre of the chamber of sDeath sat or rather lay a figure of Death. It reclined in a stone chest or coffin, like" a man in a hip bath which is too small for him. The bony arms hung down -on either side, .the bony limbs projecting towards him, the great white skull hung forward over the massive breastbone. It moved, too, of itself, and as it moved the jaw bone tapped against the breast and the teeth clacked gently together. Terror seized his> while he looked, and, as George had done, he turned te How could that thing move itB head; The head ought to fall off. Seizing the rope, he Jerked it viclenHy fa the first effort of mounting. "Hev he got yew. Colonel?'' sung out George above ; and the sound of a human voice brought him back to his senses. " fto," he answered as boldly as he could, and then setting his teeth, turned and tottered straight at the horror in the chest. He was there now, and holding the lantern straight against the thing, examined it. It was a skeleton of enormous size, and the skull was fixed to tbe vertebra with rusty wire. At this evidence of the handiwork of man his fears almost vanished. Even in that company he could not help remembering that it is scarcely to be supposed that spiritual skeletons carry about wire with which to tie on their skulls. With a sigh of relief he held up the lantern and looked round. He was standing in a good-sized vault or chamber, built of rubble stone. Some of this rubble had fallen in to his left; but otherwise, though the workmanship showed that it must be of extreme antiquity, the stone lining was still strong and good. He looked upon the floor, and then for the first time perceived that the nodding skeleton before him was not the only one. All round lay remnants of the mighty dead. There they were, stretched oat in the form of a circle, of which the stone kist was the centre.* One place in the circle was vacant; evidently it had once been occupied by the giant frame which now sat within the kist. Next he looked at the kist itself. It had all the appearance of one of those rude stcnecbeBtg in which the very ancient inhabitants of tbfc island buried the ashes of their cremated dead. But, if this was so, whence came the encremated skeletons ? Perhaps a subsequent race or tribe had fonn.d tne chamber ready prepared, and used it to bury some among them who had fallen in battle. It was impossible to say more, especially 'as with one exception there was nothing "buried with the skeletons which i wonld assist to identify their race or age. ! fffcat exception was a dog. A dog had been plftosd by one of the bodies. Evidently from j theswaition of the bones of its master's arms he tad been left to bis last sleep with his : hand resting on hi? bound's head. I Bending d&wn;, Harold examined the seated ! skeleton more closely. It was, he discovered, , accurately jointed together with Btrong wire. Clearly this was the work of hands which were born into the world long after the flesh On those mighty bones had crumbled into duet. ' AtBumgay, in Satfolt, tliere recently stood a mound or tumulus, on which was built a windmill. Some years ago the windmill was pulled dswn and tLe owner of the ground wishing to huilfiahouse upon the site, set to work to cart away the wound. Hia astonishment may be conceived when h6 found in the mound a great number of skeletons arranged in ciicleB. These skeletons were of large cze. and a gentleman who saw them informed me that he mea- 1 sured one. It was over seven feet high. The bones were, unhappily, carted away and thrown into a dyke. But no bouse has been built upon the site of the resting-place of those unknown warriors.—TIIU AUTHOR. I (To be continu£d.\ . I i 1 i i !! 