FICTION. From English, American, und olbrr Periodical!* HAZEL'S VICTORY. CHAPTER XXX. hazel's trial. The duchess went directly to Hazel. "My dear child, how glad I am that my son brought you to me," she seid, with great kindness, and sitting beside her, she gently took one of the girl's hot hands in he.'s. " Take oï your tat and jacket, dear, and presently you shall go and lie down ; you look worn out." Tue words were tender, the tone sympathetic, the gentle grey eyes fu1! of compacs'on> and such Cb -istian cha-ity to a fiiendless, persecuted girl who was almost a stranger, was too much for the overwrought nerves and aching hea^t, and Hazel bowed her head upon the good woman's shoulder, in a paaa'onate burst of weeping, and clung to her as she would have clung to a loving mother in her hour o' need. She wept until she had strength to weep no more, the duchess clasping Le- in a sympathetic embrace and t'ying, in a low, gentle tone, to com "ort her. "How f,oodyouare to me, who have no ¿"aim urou you !' Hazel said at 'ast, as she looked up with a wan smile into the noble face bending over her. " I am ve-v, ver j sorry for, u, my child," said her Crace, searching thoso <ca'-laden, beautiful eyes earnestly j "will you not open your whole heart to me and tell me all about fiis trouble ?" " Mrs. Stewart is your friend," Hazel said, sensi t'Vely shrlnling from saying anything to reflect upon one with whom the duchess had been bo iatlmate. She bt.'obb many deg-3?s in the estimation of her G -ace just on aoc mntof that simple remark. "0-rre," she said, kindly, "but that need not deter you from g'ving me the facts o1 the case." And Ha-jel, won by her sweetnes-, related all that wj already know. " Do you think I will have to lose my neck'ace, your Grace ?" she a3ked, wlien she had told her all, and looking fearlessly into the woman's grave, earnest eyes. " It is not alone for the valae of it that I care so much/' she added, thoughtfclly, "but be.auso it belonged to my mothe-, ond is the o °y USk. that binds me to my past, aad will help to prove my ide itity. Do you think the court will give it to Mrs. Stewart ?" she concluded, ansiously. The duchess did not know how to answer her. She had come to her pityingly, but firmly believ- ing in her guilt, and now she was staggered by these innooeufc questions, by the frank, clear, b'ue eyes that gazed so earnestly into hers, and by b.er free, unembp escd manner. " We must wa't and see, dear," was all that she could say in reply to her queries. " I feel very BUre, ho-vevor, that Mrs. Stewart would not wish to ke°p it if she thought it did not rightfully belong to her." "No, of oourse not," Hazel returned, with a sigh, "but it is exactly likp hers and reither of them wa3 marked, so I do not see how it can eve- be proved that it -'s mine. I shall be very, ve-y tu happy to lose it ; but the worst of all will be to have everybody believe that 1 have been dis- honest." " She is either innocent as a little child, or s'ie is the most hardened aid consummate actress," thought the duchess as she studied the sweet, tear stained face beside he". " You say that you had it in you-* hands looking at it when Helena came up sta'rs to get her sister s wrap ?" she remarked, thouqfhtfuUy. " Yes, your Grace, and I hastily slipped it back into my trunk before unlocking my door, because I did not wish her, or any one, to know t aat I had it." " Why wpre you so anxious to conceal the fact ?" tho duchess asked, regarding hev curiously. "One îeason is that I was afraid I m'ght be robbed of it, if it should be known I carried any- thing so valuable in my trunk; and then, I knew," she added, with a Blight flush, though her glance did not wave-, "it would be thought strange that I, a poor girl, should have anything so costly in ray pes8ess'on." " Did Miss Stewart enter your roora ? * '?Yes, she stepped just irside the door, where she remained standing while I went to get Belle's wrap." " You did not lock your trunk bafore admitting her ?" " No, I simply dropped the lid." The duchess looked thoughtful. This young giri waa so frank, so perfectly honest, to all appearance, that her suspicions regarding her were greatly shaken. Then she remembered, with a thrill of pain, what her grandson had s^id regarding his con- viction that Helena would not hesitate to wrong this young girl to gratify a spirit of revenge. Was it possible that she had opened Hazel's trunk last night, while she was for a moment alone in her room, and then plotted to ruin her for some reason known only to herself? Had she done it-good heavens ! because she had discovered Lord Nelson's love for her, and had taken this way to Kill it-by robbing Hazel of her character ? These thoughts, and many others, flashed with lighiining-like rapidity through the duchess' brain ; bnt she would not harbor them for a moment they were too horrible, and so utterly at variance with her previous judgment of Helena's character. She felt almost like a traitor to her friends from the fact of these suspicion having originated in her mind. Still she felt greatly disappointed both in Helena and Mrs. Stewart, on account of their treatment of Hazel ; she could not but realize that they had been lacking in Christian charity, and even in common kindness and sympathy, to withhold protection from the friendless girl, and to turn her from her home, even thcugh they believed she had sinned ; it would have been far more creditable if they had helped her to find a home until the time of he? trial, and sought to win her to repentance and con* fessioi by gentleness and kindness. She resolved that she would keep Hazel with her until the end. She would watch her-study her, meanwhile, and she felt reasonably sure that she should be able to «ft her thoroughly, and fenn a correct estimate of her character. Efficient counsel should be provided for her, and everything possible done to exonerate her from the stigma now resting upon her. , . Hazel was given a pretty room overlooking the sea, and adjoining the Duchess' own apartments, and her Grace allowed her to maka herself Useful in many ways. Hazel read lo her, wrote for her, r nd filled many an hour with pleasure by her singing and playing. She was very skilful, too, with her needle,and wrought several articles of finery to' Grace the duchess' boudoir. . j But she would not go oat, except for a l'.ttle exeicise in the seclusion of the grounds j neither would she jo-'n the family at moal t'me. She was e:: 'tremely sensitive regatding the st'gma re3ting upon her, and she shrank from meeting any one whom he knew or who knonr her, while it was almost impossible for Lord Nelson to get even a word with her in her self-imposed seclusion. I How anxiously the day of Hazel's trial was I awaited. Atlast it anived, bnt through the in- fluence of her Grace and Lord Nelson, it was to be almost a p-ivale examination, only those personally interested, besides the counsel for both sides and other officers of the court, being allowed to be pre- sent. ' » Hazel wa? very grateful for this. She was very calm and collected, too, during her examination, and told her story with perfect freedom and frankness, thus not only surprising the kind friends who were so interested for her, but making a most , favourable impression upon the court, I "The necklace is mine!" she said, firmly, un- falteringly, when she was asked why she olaimad it. " It is the only birthright t'aac I have, and some I one else must have the one belonging to Mrs. Stewart. I know there ave two," 'she persisted, "for with my own fingers I fastened Mrs. Stewart's about her neck, and, not ten minutes later, I held my own ia my baids." No amount of crosa-questioning availed to made her vary those statements in any partícula.*. When asked if theie wai anyone living who cou'd prove her assertions, she was obliged to con- fess there wa3, but she was silent when requested to give the name of that person. This she had re- fused to do from the first, for several reasons, al- though both the duchess and Lord Nelson had pleaded with he- many times to do so. Pc-cy was in Paris, studying, and she could not hear to call him back. She shrank, too. f -om having people know that she had been guilty of deception in connection with him ; it might make t' em distrust her more In this case, while, worse than all, she feared he might become implicated with her in her great trouble. She meant to fight it out alone if she could j if her innocence were not established, she would appeal to him as a last ro.ort. Notwithstanding tue favorable impreision that she had made upon the court, she could only be judged from the evidence presented. This, of course, told very much against her, and Lord Nelson was almost in despair as he realized how the matter must terminate. " They will find you guilty," he said, when the court look a rec- 3s,. h's fine face full of anxiety. " Yes, Miss Gay,' her counsel added ; " I do not see how it can be otherwise, since you retuve to p -oduce the only wiiness who can save you." "Do you think the case so discouraging," she asked, deeply troubled. "I have told only the truth." "That may be ; I am convinced of that myself» but cii cams tances are all against you. You will not only lose the jewels which you value so much, but you will be convicted and imp isoned." " It cannot be that they will do me such a wrong as that," Hazel replied, with white lips. "But, my dear," said the duchess, her heart aching for her, "they will have to judge you ao co-ding to the evidence; it would not be just I judgment if they did not. Why will you not send for this person who, you say, can pi ove your inno- cence ? Is the e," bio asked with sudden conviction "anything connected with your past life and this parson that you desire to conceal ? I beg that you will confide it in me, my child." Hazel flushed a brilliant scarlet. " Ye3," she relactantly confessed, " there is something-nothing wrong, and only for the sake of some one else." "You must think only of yourself now," inter- posed Lord Nelson, eagerly. "Oh, Hazel," he added, forgetting, in his anxiety, to be formal, " give me the name of this person and let me send for him-or her, whoever it may be. We can have the trial postponod for a little, if you will only consent to save yourself." "You are sure there is no chance for me other- wise ?" she a3ted, appealing to ter counsel. " I do not see the ghost of one," he returned. " The evidence, as every disinterested person must admit ia cle^y against you." " Hazel, tell me-tell me," p^aded Lord Ne'son. " I am aire id I shall have to," she said thoughI - fally. " Who is it ?" he asked, leaning eagerly toward her. " Dr. Morton," she replied, with downcact eyes. "Dr. Percy Morton?" he demanded, looking amazed. " Yes." " What can he possibly know about ti is matter ? Tou never saw him until Ib's summer, did you ?" " Ob, yes." The duchess looked suspicious, and, for tho f-st time, Lord Nelson began to doubt her ; for, to all appearance, Hazel Gay and Percy Morton had meo as strangers o ily a few weeks prev'ovs. Tbcvehad boen nothing in the manner of either to indicate that they had ever seen each other beüore coming to Brighton. " This seems very strange,' the duchéis gravely observed. Hasel glanced up at her, smiling faintly, " I am aüraid I have done wrong," she said, de prccatingly; " but-it was Dr. Morton's grand- father who saved me f:om that sinking ve-.sel. Eoth Lord Ne'son and her Graee regarded her wlthundisj,ui ed astoiishment foj a moment. " Then you and Dr. Morton were brought up to. gether ?'' his lordship at last said, In a constrained voice. " Yes." " My ct;'d, why have you not told this befo -e ?' questioned the duchess, reprovingly. " It would have saved us a world of trouble and anxiety. Why have you deceived us all-Mrs. Stewart also-re- garding your relations to Dr. Morton-meeting him as a stranger, when, all your life, he has been almost a brother to you ?" Tears rushed to Hazel's eyes as she caught the note of displeasure in the tones of her friend. " Because-I see now that it was wrong-because I was afraid people would think ill of him for let- ting me go out as a governess, when he was per- fectly well able to take care of me," she humbly confessed. "Well, I am not sure but that I do think ill of him for it," returned the duchess, with pretended severity, to conceal the intense relief Bhe expe- rienced over the simple explanations of what she had feared might greatly compromise her protegee. She was fully assured now of the antire innocence of Hazel, and her admiration was kindled anew for the noble spa it of seT^acrifico which she had ex.- I h-bited. " Oh, prny, do not blauuTjiim/' Hazel earnestly cried, ' for tbe fault ia entuely |iny own. His grandfathor ca'ed forme as long as he 'ived, and Pe-ey took the bu-den upon his ßhould'- -8 after h'3 deeth. But my n-oney-the five thousand dolla*« found in the belt a-ound my wa'st-was all spent on my education« for they both insisted that I should have eveiy advantage, and- after that I f olt that I could not be a but den upon him. I had really no claim upon him, you know, although we were a3 you have Baid almost like brothe . and sister ; and, though he wanted to make a home for me after I graduated, I-I could not accept it. I had made up my mind that it was ilf,ht I should try to take,caro of myself and I insisted upon being a governess ; % even engagecLroyself to Mis. Stewart be'ore telling him, and be was very much displeas d with me for doing so." The duchess smiled. She, with her womanly in- stinct, could read between the lines, and began to conjecture why Hazel had been so sensitive about shaiing Dr. Moi ton's home. " When I met bira heie in Biighton, on the even- ing of Miss Stewart's accident," the young girl continued, " I was taken entirely by surprise, and my first thought was, ' people will blame and de- spise him If they learn that we were brought up togqther, and that he, with plenty of means, would allow me to work for my living.' I knew I could not explain it to everybody, it would be very awk- ward and uncomfortable, and so I beg~ed him to let it remain a secret and meet me as a strange-. At first he flatly refused to do as I wished, and was very much put out that I shou'd ask such a thing; but when I urged it, he finally said I Bhould have my own way. I have not felt right about it for some time, and I did not know, then, that Percy would spend any time in Brighton. I thought he was simply down for a day or two, and I did not imagine that one act would result in a continual deception. I know it was not right, and I have felt cor-v over it; but I can p-ove all this to you, for I bave all Percy's letters, and you shall see every one," she concluded, turning to the duchess with charming franknesB, and infinitely relieved to have a'1 this mystery regaiding Percy and herself at an end. "Dear child, your simple wold will always be to me suûîc.ent proof of anything," her Grace said, deeply touched, and her heart entirely at rest now regard' Hg the girl's purity and nobility of charac- ter. (¡To 6c continued.) 