\ THE"MYST£RY OF THE PifiARL." (fb03c the glasgow weekly citizen.) Many years ago vessels carried far heavier crews than at present, for nowadays the great aim of owners seems to he scrimping ) everything to tho lowest possible figure. I supposo this arises from the greater competi- > tron in trade, decrease of freights, ana in- crease of harbour dues and wages. At any rate, the old dunder-thumperbrig- i rigged vessel Pearl, hailing from the good port of Limerick, and about 300 tons or no, carried a crew of thirteen, including the -cook and two hoys — one doing duty aft r : as head- steward and bottle-washer. She, of course, carried two mates, and, with the <: skipper, brought up the whole tally to > sixteen hands. The great majority were Irish ; and I can i tell you that among Irish seamen there is no happy medium — they are either first-rate or ; useless when well out at sea and clear of the grog-shop ; and the men on hoard of the i Pearl brig were as smart a set of seamen as you could find on Limerick quays. The vessel was cleared out, hound to London in ballast to take in cargofor the port of Genoa. I don't know where the old man1 nailed from, as he had a name I never came across before — it was Jasper Trojan — and this might have fitted any country. He was a powerful, thick-set-looking man, between ; forty and fifty, with shifty bead-looking eyes set deep back in his head, and was horribly disfigured wicli small-pox ; aito- getoer he was anything hut lovely in appear ance or polite in manners. I don't believe Captain Trojan ever washed or changed his linen — if, indeed, he wore any at all ; he just rolled, out of his hunk of a . morning and bolted his breakfast, and then tumbled up tho companion for a look round. The Pearl's cabin was just a kind of den aft, and had a screw down table amid ship and lockers all round — I don't suppose it was " above eight feet square by five high. . The skipper had a hunker on the starboard > side, and the mate one opposite. I was cabin boy and steward, and slept on the after transom, or on one of the lockers. The second mate and crew all bunked in the fore castle. i Just you fancy a dark hole, with black , Learns and dingy floor, only lighted by a small booby hatch by day and slush lamp by night, where it was impossible to sew or read if anyone wanted to read), and reeking with all the abominations of the Egyptians ; and this was tho dining saloon, bed chamber, and retiring apartments of thirteen men, who seldom, if ever, washed, and never changed , a rag except when deluged with a green sea over the bows. ; Now, just take a look at the Pearl as she blunders along under all plain sail, royals and ' flymg jib set — an old set of dingy patched canvas — bowsprit steeved neariy up and down, bluff square bows thumping the water and sending the spray broad off on each side, . and unpainted bulwarks, the green corroded .copper up to the bends, -and the standing rigging innocent of Stockholm, and not a ratlin or footrope trustworthy a seaman's foot. She had a dingy figurehead, represent- ing a woman "witli a dab of crimson on each. cheek, with eyes staring out to starboard, gazing intently and keeping a vacant look- out for nothing at all. Of all unrocnantic craft, that was most unlikely to have a lasting history in tragedies 'and mysteries of the ocean, the Pearl was the ; most unlikely looking, as she rolled and pitched along past the west coast of Ireland. f Recent events in London and elsewhere, of , butcheries and fiendish deeds apparently , without aim or object, have brought back . vividly to my mind one of the most ghastly episodes that ever occurred at sea. \- Murder generally presupposes some motive either revenge, greed, or sudden mania ; . but there is no safeguard agaiust the deliberate, carefully wrought-out plan of the |. cunning, and hitherto unsuspected, calm , . and_ deliberate demon, living as it were two , distinct lives, and seemingly baring two ' -separate beings swaying and animating one t : person. The skipper, as far as my then experience and present recollection serve me, navigated the ship and gave orders as customary: the men worked at the thou- sand-and-one odds and ends alwavs to he \- found to do aboard a vessel, and smoked and lolled about in the last dog-wateli in a commonplace seafaring way. Now, every evening, about eight hells, my duty was to wash the dishes,- cleanup the galley (a littlo wooden box on deck amid- ; ships) and tidy up : and then I used (being big lump of a boy of fifteen) to go and spoke at the windlass forward, after j trimming and lighting the cabin lamp. "It was in the end of ' September, and r . -pretty light on deck at six in the morning. One night— I will never forget it— I was lying doling on the after transom, when I ' ' suddehly started up fully awake. Some in- ,! describahle horror seemed to oppress me. I !. looked up; the feeble unruffiled wick of the nearly empty lamp only served to make things i -- around dim and uncertain. I suppose it would ho about four bells in ' the middle watch, when I distinctly heard a . suppressed groan and gurgling noise from the mate's bunlc, and could see the indistinct form of a man leaning over it. Then the lamp flickered and went out. and , a great horror fell upon me, I knew not why. I heard the skipper tumble into his bunk, and a curious sound like air escaping from the deck pump, and I rose up and crept, on deck ; and sat cowering under the quarter-deck bul warks, trying to think. ' What's the matter, lad? sung out the second mate,- who had the -watch, a s he dragged me to the binnacle lamp. , 'You are as white as a ghost, and all i trembling.' 'Idon'tkuow, sir,' I said: 'I ' think I had the nightmare.' But go below I : would not till full daylight. All was correct, i seemingly. The skipper was snoring peace- sully ; all else was still ; and at five bells in k the morning watch I set the cups, went to the galley for the coffee. ; and roused the skipper. One of the seameii j, used to keep the morning watch and have his coffee in the cabin after the skipper had done. : The old man roused out, swallowed his coffee. went on deck, and told the officer of the watch , rto go down. .In the scant morning light everything was dim and uncertain. All was quiet for a, few . t minutes. I could hear the man strike flint i and steel, and then light a sulphur match. \- and as it burnt up clear, and he was lighting Lis , pipe, it- threw a ruddy glare over the mate's bunk. Good God ! shad I ev er forget the sight ? , The mate's hc-ad lay over the carline — his face -blue, and dead. A stream of clotted blood . was over his neck and breast, over the mat and in clots and blotches on the deck. „ For one moment I stood aghast : I thpn rushed to reach the ladder, slipped on the blood-stained deck, and tore up on deck, : and fell fainting agaiust the little skyliriit. The second ofiiccr and all hands soon scrambled aft ; and the body was with great difficulty carried up the small companion- Jhateh and laid aft in the wheel grating. The second mate gripped me convulsively by the ; : wrist, and on rousing up to full consciousness, I saw the skipper walking up and- down the : . quarter-deck. He never looked at any of us, and he never glanced aft at the hodv." After !.- a long time he stopped, leant over the gang- : way, and steadily looked over to windward. 'Now, Captain Jasper Trojan seemed to Lave no characteristic any more than that he never swore ; he was taciturn, but not | morose, and I never heard him tell any story, i ; or allude to any event of bis former life. Pre- ' - sently he turned round and drawled out, i ' Cut his throat- in the night, ay! Get some canvas. Mr. Donovan, and sew it up.' ii The seaman hung back, while the captain I went below, brought up some old canvas and palm and needle, and knelt down arid deliberate! v sewed up the body, dressed as it I, was, and 'hen ordered the main topsail to be . backed, and before anyone could spe k or in terfere, lifted the body up, and threw it over .- the lee gangway into the sea, braced the mainyard forward, and on the vessel went, the dingy canvas with its ghastly freight rising and falling on the waves in our wake till welostsight of it. The men slinked forward, horror- stricken, taad then the old man. without a word, went r below and deliberately turned into his bunk. In one short hour the whole ship Eeemed changed. The men conversed in groups j " "Old man," seamen's term fo captain. f; under their breath, work was stopped, and though the wheel was relieved and watches chaniged, sail made and shortened, yet the vessel waslike a coffin to the imagination.. The second mate wouldn't go aft to the 6pare hunk ; and I never, if I could help it, in the cabin went far from the ladder. Two nights passed away, and the weather was dark and squally ; so at the change of watches — eight bells of the second dog-watch — we handed topgallant sails and reefed topsails, stowed the light sails, and the watch below turned in. The watch on deck cowered under the lee of the galley and long boat, leaving only the second mate, man at the wheel, and look-out man forward on the night-heads. I sneaked down the fore- scuttle, and coiled myself away among the men, not daring to go aft. The wind was blowing in gusts from the S.V., and Cape Clear light was almost dead astern, and it was all hands on deck to shorten sail, and stand by the topsail halliards, as a heavy squall caught us aback, and the brig gathered stern way. I thought we were gone. Everything was let fly, and the head-yards braced abox, and so she paid off, and we close- reefed, and stood off on toeport tack. The hands went below. At two bells in the morning watch (5 a.m.), it was as dark as pitch, rain and sleet, when the hrig flew right up in the wind, and when the men rushed to the braces, there was neither officer of the watch, helmsman, or second officer to be seen, search high and low. The cabin lamp was vuty lilao fci»»aclC lHHip" Wtta" tUG Olily Hjjht available. We shouted — it was in vain ; we looked below and aloft, and then waited in terror for the dawn. Seeing the skipper seated on the main hatch, I crept below to try and light the lamp, and steadied myself against the starboard bunk. Great heavens ! As I stretched out my hand, I felt and knew instinctively that that hunk was occupied, and my hand fell ou the cold upturned face of the corpse. I staggered up, ran forward, and threw myself headlong down the fore-scuttle. In incoherent tones, I managed to let the men know my tale. But still wo waited for the daylight. The men went aft and took the wheel, and kept together ; they all had some weapon, mostly the iron belaying pins from the topgallant rail forward. Silently sat Captain Trojan, and the only sound was the weird whistle of the wind through tho rigging, as the hrig came up or rolled to leewards. An hour passed, and then broke the blessed dawn. A dark scud flew ova-head, with a leaden sky all round. But oh, for the blessed light 1 With set faces the men kept their eyes on the shipper. Then he rose slowly and came aft; the men fell back right and left. A significant look went round, and as the skipper put his foot on the ladder a rush was made at him; and he was thrown back on the deck. A desperate struggle ensued. "With the strength of a maniac, the captain held one man in his powerful grasp and fought and twisted, and at last rose straight up, still retaining his hold, till he crashed against the weather gangway board, a frail piece of timber ; and, as the brig rolled to windward, the captain, with the doomed seaman in his grasp, fell headlong overboard, and rose no more. With trembling steps the men crowded into tho cabin, and there, in the captain's hunk, stark and cold and bloody, lay tho body of the second mate, with Ms throat cut from ear to ear. There was no trace of a struggle : the detail of that tragedy will ever remain a mystery. Carefully the body was wrapped up and shrouded — only one glance was given to it to he assured no life remained. The main topsail was once more hacked, and without a prayer, though not unmourned, the corps smote the water and sank. I awoke to consciousness in the hospital in Liverpool ; hut even to this day do I involun tarily shiver when my mind calls back this memory. I learnt afterwards that the men, having fonnd an anker of whiskey, held a saturnalia; The Pearl was picked up by a revenue cutter, and taken up the Mersey, with four men missing and the strictest ofiicial inquiry never yet unravelled the mystery of the Pearl of Limerick, or whether the skipper was a responsible person and a common murderer for some imkncvm purpose, or a lunatic with a homicidal mania. ' 