Emu Notes. BY A CORRESPONDENT. Mrs. Earl has evidently misconstrued my remarks about the deterioration of sports - I only mentioned pedestrian sports, not pigeon shooting; but I notice that it is announced that the peds. are to have a revival of their popular sports. So come back half I said. I wish the peds. and the promoter success and plenty of it. The dancing craze has taken deep root on the Plains. Just to give an idea of the extent of this mania I cite the following-About two weeks ago a dozen or so of the local boys assembled in a dog's, kennel (a deserted one) lighted by two or three candles stuck in bottles, and danced to the strains of a cracked accordian for some hours, and no with- standing the oliferous odour that arose as the room became heated a few (a very few) declared that they enjoyed themselves. Fact. The Emu Hall was again the scene of music, beauty and mirth on the night of the 16th instant, the event being a plain and fancy dress ball, given by the Emu Dancing Club. Dancing commenced at 8.30, and was carried on, with great animation, far into the wee sma' hours. The body of the hall presented a very gay appearance, as gaily dressed ladies were whirled hither and thither, during the progress of the mazy dance, by their gallaut cava- liers. That prince of M. C.s, Mr. A. Chapple, per- formed the arduous duties, attached to that office, in his usual pleasing style. About 24 couples were present. Now for the costumes. Miss Lawrence, as Mary Queen of Scots, wore black velvet with a silver crown and tulle veil, and was perfection; Miss S Towle looked splendid in cream nun's veil- ing, trimmed with pink; Miss H. Cornell looked charming in white trimmed with old gold; Miss Smith wore rose pink trimmed with cream lace and looked very nice; Miss L. Chapple impersonated Nancy Lee, wearing a navy blue sailor's sweet heart's costume, with her assumed name worked in gold letters on the under side of her straw hat; Miss Parker wore ocean green trimmed with gold braid ; Miss Jenkins wore cream with pink sash ; Miss Laing wore black with old gold sash ; Miss E. Chapple, dark green, relieved with a little white on the fronnt oE bodice; Miss M. Gray, terra cotta ; Miss F. Bunyan looked well in a scarlet bodice and white skirt; Miss E. Fitch wore white with red sash ; Miss Haden, white with old gold sa3h ; Miss Taylor looked nicc in salmon' pink and white ; Mrs. A Bunyan wore pale blue and black; Miss J. Gray, white with old gold sash. And now come the gents __Mr. L. York, as " The Banditti Captain," was the hero of the evening, wearing a red hat with white plume, a blue c ipe and cor Jed p.inta and armed with pistols and daggers galm-a (if ho .hid hive only, had 'em on when he met the ghost! !) ; Mr. P. Papps went as a bushranger bold, in search of berloodand hair, and wore corded pants and leggings and blue and white shirt and was armed to the teeth with butchers' knives nn'l horse pistols ; Mr. T. Dukes wore cricketing flinncls ; Messrs. Dumpsey. P. Evans, W. Jenkins and D. Bunyan represented stockmen ; and Mr. A. Peisley. butcher. I think the honor of being bella laid between Miss S. Towle, Miss Smith, Miss Lawrence and Miss L. Chappie, but the majority wore in favor of " The Queen of Scots." Oh ! by the way I was almost forgetting there was another Queen Mary present, who though she did not dance much, made an exquisite wall flower. Mr. P. Papps sang The old home's not what it used to be" in his usual dashing style. Mr. A. Chapple was caterer and every one was satisfied, which fact speaks for itself. 