COLONIAL SEAMEN AND THE, BOX AL NAVAL RESERVE. DEPUTATION TO ADMIRAL FAIRFAX. Yesterday morning a deputation consisting of Mr. Thomas Playfair, M L A , Captain T C Rounding, Captain Ghost, Captain Murray, Captain Scott, and Mr. T. Davis (the secretary of the Federated hearne ?'? Union waited upon Admiral Fairfax at Admiralty House for the purpose of of urging him to do all he possibly could to assist in the establishment of a branch of the Royal Naval Reserve in Sydney. Mr. 1 LAYFAiit, who introduced the deputation to the Admiral, said their object was to endeavour, if pos able, to start a branch of the Royal Naval Reserve in this colony As he (Admiral Fairfax was about to leave for London, in order to enter upon the important duties of his office as Second Lord of the Admiralty, they thought it a fitting opportunity to explain their views upon so important a question He would let the members of the deputation speak for themselves. Captain Itou s due of said they had waited upon the Admiral in order to bring under his notice the ad v liability of establishing a branch of the Royal Naval Reserve in New South Wales About two years ago he and other gentlemen now present brought this subject before Sir Henry Parkes, the then Colonial Secretary [Captain Rounding here read an extract from the Bet aid of November, 1837, giving an account of the interview with Sir Henry Parkes J He might say that there were some 4000 or 6000 men on the active list of the Federated (seamen's Union of New South Wales, and the Australian colonies possessed about 12,000 men who would be able to join the Royal Naval Reserve if a branch » > re established in this part of the world they wished to discuss this question apart from the local naval and military forces As officers and seamen f formerly in the British mercantile marine, and now settled in Australia, they felt it to be their duty to offer their services for the defence of the Empire of which it was a portion and therefore they desired to see a branch of the Royal Naval Reserve formed in Sydney. He had already had a communion the from Lord George Hamilton on the subject at d he appeared to be favourably inclined to the scheme He might also state that Sir Henry Parkes congratulated the deputation which interviewed him on this question for having offered thus to place their services at the disposal of the British Government If the vessels of the Canadian Pacific line commenced running to Australia they would be partly manned by R N It crews, and therefore it seemed to him that it would be necessary to establish a branch either in Sydney or at Vancouver, in order that the sum men might be drilled at stated intervals The formation of a branch of the R N It would not only give facilities for training, but it would serve as an inducement to our as to join, and in the course of time we should have a splendid corps of trained officers and seamen ready for the defence of the colonies in case of an outbreak of war He hoped Admiral Fairfax would, when he arrived in London, bring this subject before the Lords of the Admiralty, and do what she could to assist the movement In conclusion. Captain Rounding read letters of apology for enforced absence from Sir Alfred Stephen, the Hen E Barton, Mr J Hurley M.L.A., and Mr B R Wise, all of whom expressed sympathy with the movement Captain Sounding also stated that the deputation had prepared a petition having reference e to the subject for presentation to the Admiral, which they would, with his permission, present to him on Thursday Mr Davis (secretary of the Federated Seamen's Union), said he was one of those who waited on Sir Henry Parkes at the instance of his association, and urged the necessity of establishing a branch of the Royal Naval Reserve in this colony Many of the Seamen in the Union formerly belonged to the Royal Naval Reserve and they would like to be associated with it again and he knew that many of the younger men were desirous of joining the reserve if an opportunity were afforded them to do so Some of the shipowners were getting their new steamers placed on the Admiralty list, and if it were found necessary to run these steamers with seamen from the fleet, it would weaken the Naval force on the Australian station. If our seamen were properly drilled in the use of weapons of warfare would be the case if a branch of the Royal Naval Reserve were formed in Sydney-the colony would have a fine force of fighting men ready for an emergency. The union he represented had 4890 members in the New South Wales branch, and there were another 1000 men employed on taking coasters who did not belong to his associates n He thought most or all of these men would be glad to join the Reserve. If the matter were taken up here he believed the other branches of the Seamen's Union in luding New Zealand, South Australia, and Victoria \- would be happy to join in the movement. He hoped the Admiral would see his way clear m do all he could to promote the success of the scheme, as the sailors of New South Wales wished to take a part in the defence of the colony if they were allowed to do so. Captain IdUHXiY spoke briefly, saying they wished to leave the matter in the Admiral's hands, and asked his powerful assistance at home. Admiral Fairfax said he was pleased to hear the views of so influential a deputation upon the subject. He was sure anything in the way of a reserve here would be a great strengthening of England's power in these seas. The sum offered to the men of the R. N. R. was small. It would be about £6 per year with allowances and clothing it might make altogether £12 yearly. That was a small sum in a country where men were getting a daily wage of from 6s. to 8s.', and he doubted whether it would attract the seamen, bearing in mind and the fact that they had to give up their employment 28 days in the year for drill. He thought the men belonging to the R. N. R. who came to the colony ought to have an opportunity of drilling here, if they chose to do so. The difficulty was, whether the men here would care about joining the Reserve if they could only get this small retaining fee. IF the Inipeii I Government trave larger sums to the men out here than to those at home it would be unfair to the latter. Perhaps they could tell him whether the sum would be attractive enough to draw men to the Royal Naval Reserve that was his doubt about it. He would be most delighted to represent the views of the deputation to the Admiralty. If this branch could only be established it would be a great advantage both.to,tha mother-country and to the colony. Mr. Playfair: I think our men are sufficiently loyal out here ; so loyal that they would not go in for the money altogether. The men in the Naval Brigade only receive £12 yearly. Admiral Fairfax said he did not think the case of the Naval Brigade was exactly similar to that of the Royal Naval Reserve, because the man of the Naval Brigade when training at Easter received 8s. or 10s. per day. Now, when the Royal Naval Reserve men were under training, they only obtained the pay given to the men in the fleet-la. 4d. per day so that the deputation would see that if a branch of the Royal Naval Reserve were formed out here the seamen would have to make a great sacrifice to belong to it. He thought it would be a very good thing to have such a force here, and the movement ought to have every encouragement. Mr. Davis pointed out that the seamen did not think to much of the money that would be paid to Royal Naval Reserve men as a retaining fee. They would, he believed, willingly join the Reserve force in order to obtain employment on the large ocean liners, where Royal Naval Reserve men were mostly engaged. (Hear, hear.) By joining the Royal Naval Reserve they would obtain better positions on a better class of vessel. This would be one of the great inducements for the seamen to enrol themselves. Admiral Fairfax said he had no doubt that what the last speaker had stated was quite correct. It would be a great thing if they could manage to have a branch of the Royal Naval Reserve out here. He did not wish to discourage the movement-quite the reverie. He only wished to point out what seemed to him to be a difficulty. Captain Bhstt said there was no question about the pay on the part of the men. , Admiral Fairfax said he would have much pleasure in representing this at home, and he would be happy to do anything in his power to further the interests of the people out here. The members of the deputation then thanked the Admiral, and withdrew 