To-Monnow is tbo annivorsary of the day upon which nigh upon nineteon conturios ago was given to tho world tho Founder of tbo Chris tian Faith. Daring thoso nineteen hun dreds of years in which Empires have risen aud passed away, in which now worlds havo been discovered and old ones have known changes moro mar vellous than thoso dreamt of by tho Magi ot old ; throughout nineteen hun dred years of tho devastation of death and the lustre of life ; throughout tho horrors of war and famine, flood, fire, and plaguo ; throughout tho over in creasing glories of science and humanit- arianlsm ; at times overshadowed by tho darkness of despair, over lapped by tho obb and flow of tho tido of Timo, that Faith has stood steadfast as a rock — the veritablo Rock of Ages. To-day that Faith whose seed was tho sacrifioo which commenced in Gotbsemano, and was completed on Calvary, is as pure and truo in its perfection as it ovor has and over will bo. UnalTectod by tho shocks of Scionco and tho madness of Material ism it governs tho world with despotic power. And it is well that it should, for it is tho despotism of a perfect peace. Tho creed of Christ, tbo mild and gontlo Prince of Peace, is ono that will novor bo equalled, never excelled, last tho world ovor so many millions of years. As opposed to tho old Pagan creed of cruelty, it rests secure on the ono domi nant manly Christ-liko principlo 44 do unto others 09 you would have others do unto you." Lot Scienco scoff as it may aud Materialism become rampant in tho land, neither ono nor tho other, or both combined, will over bo powerful enough to striko tho death blow to a Faith that binds in closer unison tho hearts of men to non, and does uiuch to chock that in- bnmotnty which makes 41 countless thou sands mourn." A. religion which is tho sparo anchor" to stand by in iulvor- sity« and tho Runhcams which add to tho JojB of prosperity, tho tcnchings of Jesus of Nazaroth nro such as make the world bottcr and brighter, more puro .and lovable to all who strivo ever so Jbumbly to take thora for thoir guide. >:And to thoso who live in this bright 'Southern land in tho onjoymcnt of freedom, and liberty of thought, speech, and action ; who aro surrounded by n prosperity within tho roach of all suffi ciently sturdy of arm and strong in heart to tako portion of it to thomsolves; who aro surrounded by wealth in abun dance) and beauty so lavish as to sound a perfect pieon of praiso to Nature, tho present Christmas tido should bring vividly to them the realisation that Christianity is hosed upon Charity. For, under tho most favomblo conditions, tWf> must ho tho stronir and the weak. and tho weak in tho battlo of lifo go to tho wall and look longingly and hope fully to tbo strong for aid and assistance. In whatever part of tho world man lives ho is ovor confronted with tho painful fact 41 tho poor ye liave always with you." And in this district, surrounded ns it is with every sign of wealth and plenty and prosperity, tho poor, tho sick, and tho holpless, havo on abiding place, and smiling at tho sight of wealth and plenty and prosperity, Charity holds out her baud on thoir bohalf for aid, and will suroly not hold it out in vain. In our hospital lay thoso who in tho battlo of lifo have fallen by tho wayside ; stricken by sick ness, maimed by accident, or overtaken by disease, their Christmas couch is pointed to by tho oloquont finger of Pity, in whoso tear filled oyos may bo read the words 44 of your Charity give to them, and in giving gladden lives which lock the brightness of your own." In our Girls Reformatory are those to whom tho world must, to thoir childish hoart3, look gloomy and forbidding ; for they lack the mother's love and tho father's prido to ohoer them on thoir way. To them much that is beautiful in Nature is mute, for their hearts aro deaf to her teachings by reason of tho child ish instinct that tells them they are not as others are. On bohalf of the3o, tho sick and the fatherless and motherless, wo appeal to thoso who h&vo; to give to thoso who need at this Ohristinastido, with liboral hand out of their plenty. To thoso acquiring riches, and to thoso who have acquired them, wo plead — out of your strength givo aid to thoso who are weak. On tho anniversary of tho birth of Christ, whoso very nature was Charity itself, remember tho ono while you celebrato tho othor. The memory of man is but a sonulchro wherein lios entombed tho good and tho evil, tho just and unjust thoughts and actions of his lifo. Quiofc enough tliGy rest till tho maglo chord is touched, and then they come trooping forth ghosts of dopartcd days to charm or terrify him with their presonco. And recognising this wo ask of those who havo to givo freely to thoso who want. What more ploasant mom- ory can man storo away to come back to him in tho years that aro to bo than tho one which will tell htm that during this festive season whon earth, and air, and sea, and sky seem to bo ladon with the oia message x eacu uu jaaiui uuu guuu will to all men," ho lightened hearts that woro heavy and aided to smooth tho rough path of the weak and afflicted. Tbo inmato of the hospital, whoso Christ inas Day may bo darkened by Death's bony finger pointing warningly to the tomb, will have his heart cheered by the knowledge that the Charity of Christ is still alivo in the land. Tho waifs and strays in their parentloss home on tho hill will havo their hoarts made joyful and their memory of Christmastido humanised and enlarged by tho gene rosity of their fellows, and will ho enabled to stop boldly into the world in tho days to come with tho fearless intrepidity horn of tho knowlcdgo that in thoir days of childish sorrow tho world represented by its kindness unto thorn nil that child holds holy and sacred in tho norno of 41 Mother." In tho hopo that our appeal will not bo in vain, but will bear rich harvest from thoao among whom wo have sought to sow the seeds of Christian Charity, we wish to ono and all 44 A Merry Christmas," and in all sincerity say in tho words of Tiny Tim, 44 God bless us every one." We who live beneath tho Southern Cross may generally congratulate our- selves on having left behind most of tho festivals of tho old world. To dispense with them is a gain rather than a loss, for many of thorn only fostered super- Btition, or accentuated party differences. Even in the mother country tho leaven ing influonco of time is boing felt in tho decay of many ancient customs and fes- tivals. Not only are they declining in popularity, but some aro Altogether pass ing away, Slay-day has moro than out lived its popular celebrations. Its May- queen, Jack-in-the-green, Maypole, and merry dancers are now relegated to the past, and will soon pass from tho memory of the elders to bo found only in history. Beating the bounds on Maunday Thursdny is a curiosity which only survives through the invested funds and antiquated regulations of some of tho London city churches. ' Tho Guy Fawkes commemoration, with its effigies and fireworks, has long sinco been voted a nnisanco, and has dwindled into a boy ish amusement quite dovoid of religious significance. From such as these wo count ourselves happy to bo free. But the festival of Christmas, so dear to tho heart of every Englishman, retains its hold with undiminished power, not only upon those who dwell in the old country, hut nlso upon us in this new world. vance by tho necessities of climate it yet remains the season for hospitality and good cheer, the annual family ro-union, the great domcstio and social festival of the year. The reason for this unabated popnlnrity is not hard to find. The ovent which is commomoratcd at Christ mas is of wider interest than any which bavo given riso to evanescent local cus- _ toms, and as a factor in tho world's history that event has increased rather than diminished in interest and im portance with tho lapse of time. It ap peals to every professed Christian, re gardless of climate, race, language, party or creed. It must be admitted that its religious aspect is less prominent than formoriy. Increasing numbers even of devout men, especially among Non conformists, make no religious obser vance of the day. This is a question upon which we are not inclined to enter, but it iB a fact that many who LavoHttlo regard for its religious character. hail tho approach of Christmas with delight bc- causo of its socular associations, and enter into its observance with zeal. It s & sod heart that never rejoices, and he is a wise man who for a good end takes 1 full advantage of a popular sentiment irrespective of the occasion which has given it birth. In tbo struggle of lite tho demands of business allow fow op portunities of relaxation for tho enjoy ment of domestic pleasures, and for the cultivation of those domestic virtues which givo strength and backbone to our lives. At the montion of family ro- unions most of our readers will pro bably turn in thought to tho homes of their childhood, and momory will recall happy pictures whoso scenery is laid in tho old country — tho snow-covered earth without, the bright fircsido within, the decorations of holly and mistletoo, the woll-furnishcd tables, and tho faces of tho loved onos whoso prcsenco made and hallowed home. In many ensos, even now, the old folks are met in thoir time- honoured way, and fond, loving thoughts go to tbo far-distant hoy without whom tho family circle cannot bo complete. Many a mother gazing around on the happy faces of those assoniblcd will say, Tho houso will bo running clour ovor .with gloo, Wo all shall bo mony to-day ; Rut Christmas ia novor quite Christmas to With ono of my lovod ones away. Tho tendor foldings which nriso at tho thought, and the deep affections which bind us so strongly to tho far- off home cannot bo obliterated, nor would wo have it so, for thoy aro of tho most ennobling and olovating character, llowevor, like birds from tho parent nc9t, we havo formed now homes, and havo now our own Christmas homo gathering. Our childron are back from school, tho long absent members havo arrived from the bush or from tho city, tho merry laughter of childron (perhaps grandchildren) rings through tho houso and signs of an uu- wonted activity aro everywhere apparent. Not much respite can bo bad from tbo daily toil, for thoro is no onforccd idle ness through frost and snow, and unless it bo a momentary lull beforo harvest tho prcsont bounteous season calls for almost incessant labour. Yet for howovcr brief a season let Christmas merry-making hold Bway. It will act as oil to the machinery of lifo, and tho timo thus de voted to tho worship of Santa Claus will, oven to older boys, bring an abundant recompense from his hands. It would bo woll if our gratitudo and joy should ovorflow so Hint others may share it, and that each would try to prove for liira-. self that it is more blessed to give than- to rccoive. Let an effort bo mado to- lift tho burdens from weary shoulders, or at least to givo them a short relief, to cast a ray of sanshino into homes now darkoned with sickness or sorrow, and to causo tho poor and sad to forget their troubles and bo mcriy and light-hearted. Tho milk of human kindness has not. all turned sour, and m this generous southern clime the hospitalities and benefactions of tho season should be in creased rather than diminished on tho part of thoso in whoso power it is to make othors happy. Tho first Christ mas dawn not only proclaimed 44 peace on earth, but also, 44 good will towards men" Tho display of that good will to thoso around us' will bo as a beam of hoaven's light on caith, and bring to all, what wo sincerely wish to overyono of our readers, 14 A MERHY Chribtmab. 