THE DAY OF REST. THE SECRET OF POWER IN PRAYER. [Br C. H. SFDBGEON.] "If ve abide in Me, and My words abide In yon, ye shall aek what ye will, and it ehall he done note you."—John zt., 7. The gifts of grace are not enjoyed all at once hy believers. Coming onto Christ, we are saved by tone union with Him, but it is by abiding in th union that we further receive the purity, the joy, the power, the blessedness, which are stored up in Him for Bis people. See how our Lord states this : when He speaks to the believing Jews in the eighth chapter of this Gospel at the thirty-first and thlrty eecondverses:—"Then said Jesus to those Jews which believed on Him, If ye continue in My word, then are ye My disciples indeed; and ye shall know the truth, and the troth shall make you free." We do not know all the truth at once, we learn it by abiding in Jesus. Perseverance in grace is an edu cational process by which we torn the truth fully. The emancipating power of that truth is also gradually perceived and enjoyed. "The truth shall make you free-" One bond after anntber snaps, and i we are free indeed. Yon that are young beginners In the divine life may be theered to knowihat there ! in something better still for you; you have not yet' received the foil recompense of your faith. As yeur hymn put* it, " It is better on before." You shall have happier views of heavenly things as you climb the hill of spiritual experience. As yon abide In Christ yon snail have firmer confidence, richer joy, : greater stability, more communion with Jesus, and greater delight in the Lord your God. Infancy is beset with many evils from which manhood is exempt;it Is the same in the spiritual as'lnthe natural world. There ere these degress of attainment among' believers, and the Saviour here ineltea us to reacjh a high position by mentioning a certain privilege which. is not for all who say that they are in Christ, but for those only who are ablders in Him. Every believer should be an abider, but many have hardly earned the name: as yet. Jesus says," If ye abide iniMe,and Jly words abide In yon, ye shall ask what ye will, and it shall be done untoyou." You have to live with Christ to know Him, and the longer you. live with Him the more will you admire anaadoreHlm;yes, and the more will you receive from 'Him, even grace for grace. Truly, he is a blessed Gmlet to one who is but a month old in. grace, but. these babes can hardly tell..what , a. precious <Jesug He.isto those whose acquaintance -with Him covers well-nigh half a century ' JesuS In' . theesteem' of abiding believers, grows sweeter and fearer, fairer and more lovely, day by day. Hot -that Be Improves in Himself for He is ^perfect, but. 1 as we Increase In our knowledge of Him, we, ap preciate more thoroughly His matchless excellence. How. glowingly do His old. acquaintance! exclaim, " Yea, He is altogether Joveiyl", Oh, tbtlj we may ; . .continue to grow up into Him in all things who is our head, that we 'thus may prise Him more and . more. 1 call your earnest attention to our text, begging yon to consider pith me three cues Hons. First, what Is this special blessing? "Ye shall ask what ye will, and It shall be done nnto you " ' Secondly, how is this special blessing obtained? "If ye abide in Me, and My words abide In you." Then, thirdly, why lei! obtained in this way] There mast be a reason for the conditions bid down as needfal to ob taining the promised power in prayer. Oh, that the annointing of the Holy Spirit which abideth on us may now make this subject very profitable to us 1 r X. What is the special blessing? Let us read the verse again. Jesus says, "If ye abide in Us, and My words abide in you, ye shut ask what ye will, and it shall be done unto you." Observe that our Lord had been warning us that severed from Him we can do nothing, and, there fore, we might naturally have expected that He would now snow us how we can do all spiritual acts. But the text does not run as we should have ex pected it to run. The Lord Jesus does not say, " Without Me ye can do nothing, but if ye abide in Me and My words abide in you, ye shall do all spiritual and gracious things. He does not nAw speak of what they should themselves be enabled to do, but of what should be done unto them, "it shall be done unto you." He says not," Strength shall be given you sufficient for all those holy doings of which you are incapable apart from Me." That would have been true enough, and it Is the truth which we looked for here, but onr most wise Lord improves upon all parallelisms of speech, and im proves upon all expectancies of heart, and says something better Biul. He does not say, " If ye abide in Me, and My words abide in yon, ye shall de spiritual things;" bnt "ye shall ask." By prayer you shall he enabled to do, but before all attempt* to do, " ye shall ask " The choice prlvi iege here given is a mighty prevailing prayerfulness. Power in prayer is very much the gauge of our spiri tual oondition, and when that Is secured to us in a high degree, we are favoured as to all otber matters. 1 One of the first results then of onr abiding union with Christ will be the certain exercise ol praybr, "Ye shall ask." If others neither seek, nor knock, not ask, ye at any rate shall doso Tnoae who keep away from Jesns do not pray. Those in whom com munion with Christ is suspended feel as if they could not pray; but Jesus-says," If ye abide In Me, and My words abide in yon, ye shall ask." Prayer comes spontaneously from those who abide in Jesus, even as certain oriental trees, without pressure. shed their fragrant gums. Prayer Is the natural ontgnshlng of a soul in. „ communion with Jeans. JnBt as the leaf and the frnit will come out of the vine-branch without any consdons effort on the part of the branch, but simply becau'se'ol Its living onion with the stem',80 prayer budsand bloraoms, and fruits out of souls abiding In Jesus. As ttais shine, so do ahldeis pray. It is their use and their second nature. They do not say to themselves," Now it is the time for ns to get to onr task and pray." No, they preyas wise men eat, namely, when the desire " -It Is i ~™ —' ' ' " for It Is upon them. ' They do not cry out as under bondage, "At this time I ought to be in prayer, bnt I do not feellike if What a weariness It is," bnt they have a' glad errand at the mercy-seat, and they are rejoiced to go npon it. Hearts abiding In ChriBt ' send forth Supplications as fire send out flames and sparks. Bonis abiding in Jesus open the day with prayer ; prayer surrounds them as an atmosphere1 a)l day long; at night they fall asleep praying. I hkve" known tbem even dream a prayer, and- at any rate they areable joyfully to say, " When ! awake, I am rstill with I nee.": Habitual asking comes out of abiding dn Christ. You will not need urging to . prayer when yon are abiding with Jesns. He says, " Ye shall ask," and depend upon it you will. ' You ehali'alao feel most powerfully the necessity of prayer. Yonr great need'of prayer will bp vividly seen, Bo I bparyon say, "What, when we abide in ' Christ, and bis Words abide la ns, have we not already attained?' Far are we then from being satisfied with ourselves; it is .then that we feel .more than ever that we must ask for more grice. He that knows Christ besfkbows his own necessi ties best. He that is most' coiiscidus of Hfe In Christ, is also most cobvinced Or bis own death afiart from Christ - He who . most clearly discerns the perfect character of Jems will be most Urgent in thfere on,purpose that I may racdlve it "Of His - fulness have all we received, and-grafee for' grace." tt ls just In proportion as We are linked to Christ's fulness that we fteltbd necessity of draping from ft by constant prayer. Nobody needs'to prove to an aofder iripbrisi the floetrine of prayer'for we enjoy tbetjiing Itself. ,-Prayer Is now as much a necessity of our spiritual'life as breath Is of our'natural Hie; w« eanbot live'without asking favours of the Lord. " If ye Sbide In Me, and My words abide In yon. We shall ask," and ye shall not wish to cease from ask ing. Be bath said, "heek ye My face," and yonr heart will answer," Thy face, Lord, will I seek. Note next, that the fruit of oar abiding if not only the exercise of prayer, and a sense of the necessity of prayer, but it includes liberty in prayer. "Ye shall ash what ye will." Hare yon not been on your knees at times without power to pray f Hare yon not felt that yon could not plead as yon desired? You wanted to pray, but the waters were frozen up, and would not flow. Yon said mourn fully, " 1 am shut up and cannot come forth." The will was present, but not the fieedom to present that will in prayer. Do yon then desire liberty in prayer, so that you may speak with God as a man speaketh with bis friend ? Here is the way to it, "11 ye abide in Me, and My words abide in you, ye shall ask what ye will." 1 do not mean that yon will gain liberty as to mere fluency of utterance, for that is a very inferior gift. Fluency is a question able endowment, especially when it is not attended with weight of thought and depth of feeling. Some brethren pray by the yard, bnt true prayer i, measured by weight and not by length. A eingle groan before God may have mote fulness of prayer in it than a fine oration of great length. He that dwells with God in Christ Jesus, ne is the man whose steps are enlarged in intercession. Becomes boldly because he abides at the throne. He sees the golden sceptre stretched out and hears the King saying, " Ask what tbon wilt, and it shall ba done onto thee." It is the man who abides in conscious union with bit Lord who has freedom of access in prayer. Well may he come to Christ readily, for be is in Christ and abides in Him. Attempt not to seize this holy liberty by excite ment or presumption; there is but one way of really gaining it, and here ft is, " If ye abide in Me, and My worde abide in yon, ye shall ask what ye will." By this means alone shall yon be enabled to open your mouth wide, tbat God may fill it. Thus shall you become Israels, and as prince* have power with God. Thisiinotall. The favoured man has the privi. lege of suocessful prayer. "Ye shall ask what ye will, and It shall be done unto you. You may nut do it, bnt it stall be done unto you. You long to bear fruit;ask and it shall be done unto yon. Look at the vine 'branch. It simply remains in the vine, and by remaining in the vine the fruit comes from it; it is done unto it. Brother In Christ, the pmport of your being, its one object and design, is to bring forth fruit to the glory of the Father. To rain this end .you must abide in Christ, as the branch abides in the vine. This Is the method by wblrh your prayer for frnitfulness will become suo cessful, "It shall be done unto you." Concerning this matter, you shall ask what you will, and it shall be done unto yon. Yon shall have wonderful prevalence with God in prayer, insomuch that' before you tail He will answer, and while you are yet speaking Be will bear. "The desire of the righteous shall be granted." To the aame effect is the other text, " Delight thyself also ia the Lord, and He shall give thee the aesires for thine heart."' There is a great breadth in this text, "Ye shall ask what ye will, and it shall be done unto you." The Lord gives the abider carte blanche. He pits into his band a signed cheque, and penrits Mm to fill it up as he will. Does the text mean what It eays } I never knew my Lord to say anything He did not -mean. I -am ante that He may sometimes mean more than we understand Him to say, biit He never means iesB. Mind you, He-does not sajy to all men, "I will give yon whatever you ask." Oh, no, that Would be! an unkind kindness; but He speaks to His dliclpfos, and says, " If.ye abide in Me, and My words abide in yon, ye shall ask what ye will, and-it shall be done unto yon." It is to a certain class of men who have already received great grace At His; hands—it Is to them He commits this marvelltras power of prayer. Oh, my dear friends if I1 may covet earnestly one thing above e'ery other, it is - this, that I may he able to ask what I will,of 'the Lqrd, aqd haveit. The psevatler in prayer Is the. man to preach successfully, for he may wall prevail- with man fur God when be hat already prevailed with God for toeo. lids Is tha'nttd toxstcd the' difficul ties of business ltfe ^ for Wttatoin baffle hlqi when be can take all of God in pr&yer; eOne encb man as this, or one snch woman as this in a chnreb is worth tenthousand of us common people. In these' we Bed the peerage of the skies. In these axe the men in whom is fulfilled God's purpose concerning man, whom He made to havb dominion over' all jthe Works of His hands. The stamp of sbvebelguity is on the brows'of these men: they shape the' history of nations, they guide the currents of evkuts through their power on high. We see Jesus with all things put nnder Him by the divine purpose, and as wa raise into tbat image, we also are clothed with dominion and are made kings and priests unto God. Behold Elijah with the keys of the tain swinciog at his girdle; he shots or opens the windows of heaven. There are each men still alive. Aspire to be each men and women, I beseech yon, that to yon the text may be fulfilled, "Ye shall ask what ye will, and it shall be done onto yon." Tre text seems to imply that if we reach this point of privilege this gift shall be a perpetuity, " Ye shall ask," ye shall always ask; ye shall never get beyond asking, but ye shall ask successfully, for " ye shall ask what ye will, and it shall be done unto you." Here we nave the gift of continual prayer. Hot for the week of prayer, not during a month's conference, nor upon a few special occa sions shall ye pray prevailingly; hut ye snail possess this power with God so long as you abide in Christ, and Bis words abide in you, Gid will put Bis omnipotence at your disposal; He will put forth His Godhead to fulfil the deBlres which His own Spirit has inwrought in you. I wish I could make this jewel glitter before the eyes of all the saints till they cried out " Oh that we had it I" This power in prayer is like the sword of Goliath; wisely may every David say, " There is none like it ; give it me." This weapon of all-prayer beats the enemy, and at the same.time enriches its possessor with all tbe wealth ot God. Bow can he lack any thing to whom tbe ILord hath said, "Ask what thou wilt, and It shall be done unto thee?" Oh, come, let ua seek thiB boon. Listen, and learn the way. Follow me, while by tbe light of the text I point out tbe path, Hay the Lord lead us In ft by Bis Holy Spirit! H. The privilege of mighty prayerfulnese—how Is it to be obtained? Tbe answer is, " If ye abide in him And Mv words abide in you." Here ere the two feet by which we climb to power with bod in -prayer. Beloved, the first line tells ne that we are to abide in Chriet Jesus our Lord. It Is taken for granted that we are already in Him. May it be taken for granted In your case dear hearer ? If ao, you are to abide where you are: As believers we are to remain tenaciously clinging to Jeans, lovingly knit to Jesus. We are to abiae In Him by always trusting Him, and Him only, with the same simple faith which joined us to Bum at the first. We must never admit any other thing or person into our heart's confl* dence as our hope of salvation, but rest alone in Jesus as we received Him at the first. His God head. Bis manhood, Bis life. His death, Bis resurrection. His glory at the right hand of the Father—in a word Himself must be our heart's sole rellence.. - This is absolutely essential. A tem porary faith will not save. An abiding faith is needfuL' Butabtding In the Lord Jesus does not only mean trusting in .Him. It inclndes our yielding oumslves up to" Him to receive His life, and to let that lite work out its results in us. We live in Him, by Him, for ^flim, to Him, when we abfde fa Him. We feel that all our separate life is gone; for " ye' ate dead, and yonr Hie Is hid with Christ." We Are nothing if we get' away from Jesus; we should then be : branches withered, and fit only to be cad into the fire. We have' no. reason -lor existence except that i which we find in Christy and what a marvellous : reason that lB J The Vine needs the branch av truly as tbe branch needs tbe vine. NoyineoVer bore any fruit except upon Its branches. Truly!t beats all tbe btanches,and so bears all'the trait; but yet it is by the -bratach that the vice displays its fruit* fulness. Thus ace abiding believers needful toithe fulfilment of their Lord's design;. Wonderful thing *6 say: butthe ninta are needful to thefr"8avIour! Tbe Church'Is-His body; "the fuInemoiHlm that filieth aU In as. -1 Want yon to recognise this, that - yon may see yonr blessed responsibility,' yonr practical obligation !to bring forth fruit, that,the Lord Jesus mav be glorified in yon. Abide in. Him, Never remove from yonr consecration to His hOdokr afldglotyr Never dream ot being your own master; Be ' not tile servant of men,' butabide in'Christ. Lei Him fee' the Object a* well as the source of yonr existence.. Ob; If. yhu get there, and stop there in perpetual commonien wlfa yonr Lerd, you will soon realise la joy, a delight, a- power in prayer, Bmfiias'you never knew before. There ate times, when we are consoious- that we aretn Christ, and' we- know our fellowship with Him; and oh, 'the jpy and the peace which we drink this enp! Let us abide there.' " Abide in Me," ealth Jasm. You are not to eome and go, but to abide. Let that blessed sinking of yourself Into His life, the spend, tng of all your powers for Jesus, and the firm faith of your'vinlon with Him remain In yon evermore. Oh, that ws might attalnto this by the Holy Ghost I As if to help us to understand this, our gracious lord has given as a delightful parable. Let as look through this diBcoarse of the viae and its branches. Jesus says, "Every branch in Me that be&reth; fruit, he purgeth it." Take care that yon. abide in Christ when you are being purged. "Oh,"' says one, " I thought that I waB a Christian; but, alas! I have more troubles than ever. Men< ridicule me, the Devil tempts me. and my bnsin.-ss affairs go wrong." Brother, if you are to have fiower in prayer you must take care that yon abide a Christ when the sharp knife is cutting everything away. Endure trial, and never dream of giving up your faith because of it. Say," Though he slay me, yet will I trust in Him." Tour Lord warned yon when yon first came into the vine that you wouidi have to be purged and cut cloeely; and if you are now feeling the purging process, you muBt not think that some strange thing hath happened unto yon. Eebel not of anything yon may have to suffer from the dear hand of soar heavenly Father, who is the husbandman ol the vineyard. No, but cling to Jems ail the more closely. Say," Cat Lord, cat to the quick it thou wilt; but I will cling to Thee. To whom should we go? Thou hast the words of eternal life." Yes, ding to Jesus when the purging knife is in His hand, and so "ehsll ye ask what ye will, and it shall be done nnto yon." Take care, also, that when the purging operation has been carried ont that yon still cleave,to your Lord Notice the third verse, "Now ye are clean through the Word which I have spoken nnto you. Abide in. He, Bnd I in yon." Abide after cleansing where yon were before cleansing. When yon are Banct'fled, abide where you were when first justified. When you see the work oi the Spirit increasing in yon, do not let the Devil tempt you to boast that now yon are somebody, and need not cone to Jesus as a poor sinner, and rest in His precious blood alone for Silvataon. Abide still in Jeans. As yon kept to. Him when the knife cut yon. keep to Sim now that the tender grapes begin to form. Do not say to. yourself, " What a faithful branch 1 am I How ?'eatly 1 adorn the vine I No w I am fuU of vigour I" on are nothing and nobody. Only as yon abide in. Christ are yon one whit better tban the waste wood which is burned in a firs. " Bat do we not make progress 7' Yes we grow, bat we abide; we never go an inch farther, we abide in Him; or if not we are cut forth, and are withered. Our whole hope lies in June at onr best times as well as at our worst. Jesus saith, " Now ye are clean throngh the Word which I have spoken unto yon. Abide in Me, audi in you." Abide in Him at to ail yonr frattfolncsa. "As the branch cannot bear fruit of itself except It abide In the vine, no more can ye, except ye abide in Me." Here, then, 1 have something to do," cries one. Certainly yon have, but not apart from Jesns. The branch has to bear fruit; but if the branch imagines that it 1b going to produce a cluster, or even a grape ont of itself alone, it is ntterly mistaken. The. fruit of the branch must come forth of the stem. Your work for Christ must be Christ's work in you, or else it will be good for nothing. I pray you see < to this. Yonr Sunday- school teaching, yonr preach ing, or whatever yon do, most be done in Christ • Jesns. Not by yonr natural talent can yon win. souls, nor by plana of yonr own invention can yon . save men. Beware of home-made schemes Do for - Jesns what Jesns bids yon do Bemember that onr work for Christ, as .we call it, mutt be Christ's work first, it it is to be accepted of Him. Abide in Him as to your fruit bearing. Yea, Abide in Him as to yonr very life. Do not ray, "I have been a Christian man now twenty or thirty years, I can do without continued dependen je upon Christ." No, yon could not do without Him . if yon were as old as Hetbnselab. Your very being. as a Christian depends upon yonr still clinging, still true ting, still depending; and this Hs most give yon, for it all conies from Him, and Him alone. To - sum it all no, if Ton want that splendid power in < payer of which I spoke just now, youmust remain, in loving, living, ' lasting, consdoui, practical. Abiding onion with the Lord Jesns Christ; and if you get to that by Divine grace, then ypu ehali ask what you win, and It shall be done unto you. 