, Tbe ©aaayiat ' ? -:.'- .??'. IS LIFE WHAT WE MAKE IT ? ? It has frequently been asserted that it is so, that our lives, our fortunes, evem our souls, are in our own hands, to be carefully developed in all that is good, to our lasting benefit, or to be shamefully and simfully neglected to our 'ultimate confusion. 'This may be, but friends, we did not-choose to inherit the tendencies which cause our Jives to oe so mucn Jiaraer tiiaa they might be, amd render us liable to manifold temp tations^ which when yielded to, surely produce 'all the terrors, of remorse, arid attendant anguish of spirit. . We are all subject in a greater or lesser degree to the. weaknesses of the flesh; as surely as we breathe, must we encounter temptation. This is our mortal heritage, liability to error; but also wo have another inheritance, that of the divine light of reason, which enables us to discern right from wrong, and assists us in following tha former path. - ~- , . In a great measure we are creatures of circumstances, the victims of distorted ideas bequeathed to vs by pur ancestors, io that necessarily our lives are not wholly in ' our own hands,' as we do not deter mine the origin of . our being, nor the sur roundings whence it eminates. We enter this mortal sphere in a blissful state of ignorance, as to this, .or any other form of existence, and. we take up the burden of life, not because we wish so to do, or have previously desired,, but because we must. As our bodies develop, so likewise do our minds, and all too soon comes the know ledge of good and evil. We cease to be innocent babes, haying no thought for the . morrow, ' but become living human creatures, open to both good and bad influences, and thus we enter upon the great secret of life, and enlist in the never ceasing struggle for existence. Thus, with the dawning light of reason in our souls, awakening us from the dream, of infancy, comes-tha innate power of discerning right from wrong. We no, longer merely, exists affected only by the lesser. Benses; we live, arid in living participate in the ' righteous ^Muimvnuuu \ik .; uAjiAuu ?; *u;- *?}? , auu uuau happiness, which as the fruit of both, is raised far above mere -earthly pleasure. But in the receiving of the infinite gift of reason, we incur a, serious obligation. We may not destroy our mortal bodies at will, neither may we misuse, or wilfully neglect the immortal faculties .with whioh we are1 endowed. If. we thus err, then surely ? a just reparation shall be required of us at some^ future, time. , But, setting aside all thoughts. of a future;, with our minds solely intent upon this world',. does '. it not seem intensely sad that we, should , waste our opportunities, .creating misery for our selves and for others, and leaving undone the great'good whieh at onetime or another lies in the power of us all ? , ' '-'??-' ' . Friends, I do not address you from; the pedestal of fancied superiority, or in the language, of the Christian to the . sinner, or as a pastor exhorting his flock. I simply speak as one erring fellow. creature to .- vuiiKLa, auu. iu tx suruiii uevuiUQL *uug ^Turua arid ornamental phrases, for I would that you all should read and ponder upon the great question—' Is life what we make it f ' To the most unenlightened minds it cannot but appear that the end must oome. The end. of; what? Of our mortal career. For good or for evil, we have .said our say, we have done pur deeds, and will it not be better, will it not be a thousand times better, that we shall, look back upoi a well spent 'life than.' that we' ghall recoil from our inmost selves, with that agony of mind- to whieh only the repentant 'sinner can- testify? That we by our previous wrong-doing should compel ourselves to listen to -the ceaseless cries of a neyer-resting conscience'; and, though we ' may obe , awarded the plaudits of - the world, bo also confronted by the ghosts af' a was,ted past, viewing the sin and suffer ing which we, have helped to originate.'. : Life is so short and so sad, and yet the world is yery'biiautiful, and if we will we can brighten our own lives arid those of others., ?Hierh and low.1 fian- hnln otip n.n«f.Vi-»r in' numberless ways, if only they exert them-' selves to do so. ' Th'nk not that the one is so far, removed from the other. What are. wealth and fashion ; compared to, intrinsic goodness ? Is it to the credit of a prince, that he was not born a pauper? Surely not.; We ; may not lay the flattering unction to eur souls, that it was other than a mere matter of accident, that we were born what, we were — neither higher nor lower, richer nor poorer, more. nor less gifted. As a: people; as a race of thinking beings ire are one, and as such we should strive to better the state of our fellow creatures; feeling; that it is a sacred obligation on our part for the infinite privilege of. living, that we should inorease the j y or lessen the suf ferings of some of those less fortunate than ourselves. And in doing so (though per chance this is a more selfish and narrower view to take) we beneit ourselves for oftimes we may leara much to our advan tage from those apparently far below us in ' the sobial scale, v Patience^nnderprivation, endurance 'of tyranny, purity of -life ' despite fierce temptation^all these virtues — and virtues they truly are— may ?' daily be- met with among the poor —poor as regards the goods of : this world, but rich in genuine 1. worth, . richin the moral excellencies which tend to better mankind, and make this life well ? worth living. Surely, should there come a time when caste shall be set a-side, when we shall be judged* according to* our in herent worth; when we shall be. weighed in ? the graat scales of ',truth and honour, they shall not be found wanting. Life seems such a mystery, so full of grand possibilities, and yet. fraught with such terrible temptations that we quail at the thought of them, yet are Bickened by ?our own frailty .; , Someone eava ? ' A fault known, is half/cured.' That may, er may not he so, bnt it is certainly ? to ' our, ad vantage to beoome aware of the fact, in order that, feeling unable to cope with the temptation thus afforded, we should flee the same, till rendered by the avoid-' ance sufficiently strong to steadfastly re sist. It behoves. us to bear in mind, that every conquest of evil renders each -sucoes- sive effort lesB laborious ; in othair words, if we are proof against sin, we fail to be tried in the same way by- its allureineate. Side by side stands the fast, that if we yield the struggle will be harder after each y failure' . ; ? . ? As some Writer aptly expresses it— 'All the little beginnings, the veriest trifles, the nothings which go towards weaving the fabrication of our lives — these, if we are not careful, may be the little rifts separating'nearest and dearest, opening up a wide gulf 'twixt us and all that is good and-hoble, slowly, but surely, leading us down that path always depieted as so wide, so easy to enter, so delightful and entrancing, bestrewn with tempting flowers and forbidden fruits, at first; but afterwards— -yes, ? even the bravest of us shudder at the afterwards.' \- It is but gradually that' our- character is - formed. Our to-days and yesterdays ara the blocks with which we build, and each day, eaoh hour, wo help to make or mar our Vini1i1?Ti*» 'But we h«ed not these trifles. We are all in such haste, all eagerly driving into the future, trying so impatiently to attain te those 'turrets where the eye sees the world as one vast plain, that we lose and neglect the creeping hours of time.' We regard with disdain or negligence all .trifling duties, and instead of these being beautifiers they are blemishes ; instead of the firm and ampla base there are ' yawn ing gaps' and- ' broken stairways,' and, alas, »ur. feet too easily 'stumble as we seek- to. climb.' At first we pass heed lessly, happily along, pluoking out flowers and ignorimg the weeds all too quickly growing ; such little faults, oh, we have plenty of time yet by-a»d-by. But iust now,; ph, life is. so -sweet, the musicisso entriiricing, we do not yet notice tho little rift. . Perhaps a dear friend is lost. How? Just a little quarrel;: a little 'sympathy and love riot, showa when' most required. 'It is only a little coolness, arid all. will soon be right,' we argue. But the shadow grows deeper, the music is less sweet and powerful, the sunshine is fading, and night ?is fast falling/-; ; ' '„.'.' Arid we watch onr leved ones drifting : Slowly, surely, far api\rt.'' . ','? Is it . worth .whils for the transitory pleasures of this life to sacrifice the happi ness, the well-being, arid the peace of out future, and, alas, that of others ? ? '.. . We are seldom alone in our wrong- ? doing whatever it may be. -Does it not seem a, terrible reflection for us, he we men, women, boys, or girls, to. know.thafc we have by. example, coercion; or tempta tion injured the moral welfare of one or more of our fellow beings ? ??.-,- Do not our ill deeds bear bitter fruit indeed, when the seed implanted by our own hands grows apace, laying waste the. lives .-? of its yiot ins, and terminating in ruin and desolation? ' -. ...-?? '.; .-...'.;'? ( . Oh, my friends, we mav wilfully blind ourselves to the unpleasant facts of ; the present, but, despito our. efforts .to the con-. x trary-j the result will. -certainly appear : sooner or later. The end must come ; the inevitable end, when regrets are useless and wishes futile,- when deeds, not words, are judged. ?:?..:???'. ,. .. ? ;.--.' The present is the parent of the future, notwithstanding; its mighty secrets, and . the boys and girls of to-day are the men and women of to-morrow. These are argn- ' ments which. cannot be gainsaid, whatever .. arguments .we advance in' opposition. Let us^pauBe on our heedleBs-way and . reflect' upon what we are, what we shall v ultiraately beeome, and what we. might.be. The great question of life is far too. serieus to, be set .lightly on one. side. So many ' and so; Berious are the saored obligations laid upon us by the divine light of reason that' it is not optional whether we will live ox _ die, work. or dream away our term of existence. We may not waste our oppor ^tunities. What more natural than that our past, a mere empty period, should turn upon us and revise us; -our years, ari accu mulation \of disregarded; possibilities, haunt us with their hungry cries ; out Bins mock us in derision of -our late re pentance t ' ??-..'???.' ? ?-?? ' Do riot think this\picturo too highly colouied; do net look upon theBe wordsof earnest ,_ heartfelt exhortation as were - Bioralismg or a flight of imagination, for . truly' as we ore living, .breathing, human ereatures muit we nut our course of life; and ' abide by our own actions. Salvation; evea peace, cannet ba bought. No sacrifice on th« part of another can save us f rein the issue of our own deeds. Knowing this, we need haaitate mo loHgsr. Let , us be np and loing, -whatever our lot in life may be. 9 ? Let us do our duty courageously and con scientiously, and fulfil the 'grand heritage of mankind' to leave humanity a little better than we found it. , .-'...? Husbands and wires, parents' and children, brothers and sisters, friends and relatives, help one another. To all come the fitting moments, when love, pity, . sympathy, or friendship may be offered, healing the wounded spirit of the. de pressed, strengthening the good resolves of the. penitent,, and .comforting the broken heart of the bereaved, or by well-timed commendation rewarding, the' brave , -worker, and encouraging him to renewed effort. ' '.' Life is real,, life is earnest,' and though'the aotual ''making' of it does not lie within our power.-there is nevertheless much that we can do to better* the state of our .existence, and that of at least a small portion of the human race. By the stead fast resistance of temptation we afford a worthy example, which, is certain to havo gome influence in our. social circle. By . timely warning we can of ttimes prevent the innocent and unwary cornuiitting in discretions arising more : from want ot knowledge and cultivation than from any deliberate - intention to do wrong. By pity, sympathy, and the atretching out of it ,' helping hand,' 'the tempted may fre quently be saved from worse errors. Bjf the exercise- of our spiritual gifts for the eternal benefit of mankind, we shall work everlasting good. Good-bye, I wish you : well. . : . A'. Jamieson Wrainforp. 