EVOLUTION AND THE "UN KNOWABLE." It is not very easy to over-eBtimato the extent to which the modern mind has been stirred by the doctrines popularly as- sociated with the name of the late Charles uiirwin, says me new rortc forum. There is no department of human thought, no sphere of human life, in which tho in fluence of what is called the evolutionary philosophy is not felt. I say advisedly, " what is called for evolution really ex hibits the mode, not the cause/of develop ment, and its ascertained facts lend them selves to various interpretations. When, however, the. evolutionary philosophy is spoken off, the hypothesis of the universe so elaborately formulated by Mr. Spencer is veiy generally meant. It is this hypothesis which Professor Huxley has bleBscd ond approved as tho " only com plete and methodical exposition of the theory of evolution" k frown to him, "a work that should be caiofully studied by those who desire to become acquainted with the tendencies of scientific thought." This seen: s to be fair enough. No one can deny , to Mr. Spencer the praise of method, or, in a certain senSe, of completeness; and unquestionably he does exhibit cloarly the tendencies of an influential school of con temporary physicists. His "system of philosophy" is an attempt to rebuild the edifice of human knowledge on the one foundation of evolution ; ho seeks to ex plain the wondrous all by his one law of " the persistence of force." Well, I, for my part, do not doubt that all future thec-ries of the universe will have to reckon with the facts so industriously col lected by Mr. Spencer, and with the speculations into which he, has so ingeni ously fitted them. 1 take leave to doubt, however, whether the reading of the doctrine of evolution, of which he ie the preacher, will ultimately be accepted as the true one. It appears to me too narrow, too mechanical, too inade quate to life. Complete as it may be in itself, it leaves , out oE sight vast ranges of facts not less, but far more important than those with which it deals. It docs not completely harmonise and synthesiso the totality of human experi ence. At present, however, it is unques tionably a most potent factor in tbe world's thought. A recent writer has truly observed : " In England and America Mr. Herbert Spencer is the philosopher." His philosophy falls in with the general in tellectual tendencies £of (the English- speaking races. We boast ourselves a practical people. F or abstract speculation we have little taste. In every department of intellectual activity this is so. We have had many able lawyers, but no great jurisprudents ; many eminent physicians, but no founders of new medical schools ; many excellent clergymen, hut no masters of theological speculation, or even of Biblical exegesis. We dwell, and we are proud of it, in tbe relative, the phenome nal, the concrete. The absolute, the noumenal, the abstract we relegate to those whom we contemptuously charac terise nB tianscendentalists, doctrinaires, dreamers. We like to goby the facts. We leave it to German and French professors to give to those "airy nothings," as we esteem them, which they call ideas, "a local habitation and a name." Nothing could be lees favorable to the cultivation of metaphysics than this national temper. For the object of metaphysics, in the pro per sense of the word, is that vory abso lute from which the English mind turns away. Hence it welcomes a philosophy which, like Mr, Spencer's, is avowedly a philosophy of relativity. He labels the absolute " unknowable." He restricts us to a knowledge of relations between rela tions. He follows the ordinary tnothod of the experimental sciences. He puts aside the inquiry into final causes and substances and the nature of things, and bids us con fine our attention to phenomena. Ho dis claims the name of materialist, and I cer tainly have no wish to impose it upon him. But in good logic tho outcome of his teach ing regarding tho relativity of knowledge and the persistence of force is the doctrine of self-existing matter. Indeed, he tells us in terms, in a well- known passage in his "Essays":— "The proposition that an originating mind is the cause of evolution is a proposition that can he entertained only so long as no attempt is made to unite in thought the two terms iu the alleged relation,". Take away the unknowable, and Mr. Spencer's doctrine is practically materialism, and that of a very crude kind. And what difference can the unknowable make to tho mass of men ? I am far from denying that to Mr. Spencer himself and bis more cultivated disciples it may make a great deal of difference to be able to turn from his speculative physics to worship m silence they know not what. But systems of phi'oEophy gradually penotiate the general mind, and exerciae influence over the vast mass of men, who are not subtle and refined. And assuredly the portion of Mr. Spencer's philosophy which will be most widely received and believed is not his doctrine of the unknowable. Speaking of tramps, why is one of the hirstnte fraternity like a barrel of cider P —Because he is sour after ho has worked. House and visiting gowns are slightly trained this season, but the ballroom dross is as unmanageable as ever. 'The critics who gush so extravagantly over tho star actresses and prime donne are .liable to die .from an overdose of lauden'em. Fatti says plonty of sleep iR the seoret of preserving one's beauty. That accounts for Sydney having such handsome police men. While the Friend electric sugar-refining process wor a disappointment to investors, it made plenty of "sugar" for the in ventor. Yes, said Mrs. Porcine, I'm mighty afraid of ghosts, but then I keep them away from mo by wearing an omelette 'around my neck. South Carolina is a moral State. Divorce is entirely unknown there. When a man gets sick of his wife he simply swaps her off for a cow. Head waiter: Didn't Mr. Goodheart tip you just now ? Waiter : Yes, sir ; gub ma half a dollah. Well, you wait on some other guest, and give Bome other waiter a chance at Mr. Goodheart'a table. He isn't more than half through yet. 