MISS EYON OF EYON ' COURT. BY KATHARINE S. MACQUOID, other of "Patty," " At THta Bed 61,0 ye," ./'In thb Sweet Spmnotime," Jic, ; 'All 'Eights Reserved. ICHAPTElt V. — ( Continued.! TLMrjorio cot, Id not ttn3wer her companion, for ihe was bnsy clambering over a moss-covered boulder tban luy just in the track. Mr. Brown held out his' hand, but she disdained help. When she raised her lioad. bent in the disen- tanglement! of long briur arms from her skirt, she looked so bright and (lower-llko that he felt bis pulses beat more quickly as be looked at her. "JDo yon kuow," she said, "that you aro quite wrong., I have not been at all brave— I have actually been coward enough to cry more thnn once in my bedroom. (Sometimes I can hardly bear the duluess." " Poor little girl." . Marjorie colored nnd winced, but he went on, " No, it is not a fit place for you. Miss l£yon is an old friend of mine, and a very good friend, but for all that I mast say she cannot be a lively companion. My wonder is that you consented to come to such a place." ' "Well, but I could not help it," she looked np with surprise, "Aunt Louisa is my guardian, 10 I had to comc. Besides," she said slowly, " do you know I was curious." " Curious to see your guardian, eh ?" " Well, just a little ; bnt I was mncb more tnrious to see the house. One of my school fellows' stayed two years at Askrigg, and she Seard the strangest stone9 about Eyon Court, t suppose I did not realise that I should have so live there always till I saw how gloomy it was." She Bighed, and he thought there were Sears in her eyes. "I Bay, this can't go on, yon know," be said, , Impulsively. " I have some Influence with MiaB Eyon. I have known her for years past. Is there anything you would liko altered. I dare ay now you would like n smart girl to wait on yon, instead of that dismal old Hannah." ' Hannah is a dear old woman, I lovo her : Bho is not dismal, I can tell yon, when she is alone with me." " But a yonng maid conld take walks with you. By Jove, it is horrible to think of you cooped up alone with.theso two old women. I don't supposo yon ever see anyone you can peak to," ho added carelessly. (j, Marjorie hesitated. 1\. "Don't, tell Miss Eyon," she said pleadingly, "because bIio might fancy things, but I did see an old friend this morning on the moor." " Indeed," he said slowly. " And that made you feel brighter, eh," ho laughted. "You don't know how crestfallen I feel. I hoped it was my companionship that had helped you a little and that you would care for a walk with roe, and now I find that I have only como in as second fiddle, havo in fact bored you, you would bare preferred to be leit alone with the pleasant thoughts your old friend gave you." He looked so discoucertcd that Marjorie was eager to reassure him. " How can you Bay such things. I was de lighted to come out with you j it is the first tims I have been 'out for a walk since I left Sclby. I met Sir Qcorge Wolff by accident, and I do nob thiuk I am likely to meet him again." "May I ask why ?" he said gently. Marjorie's face had grown pensive. " I like to be frank," she said, "especially to peoplo who are frank with me," she gave him a grateful glance, " but I cannot exactly say why I think I shall not see him again." There was a touch of regret in her voice, and Mr. Brown auuueu U. VU« AUiltUll, bUUUIjU, 10 uccituao uu paid that my aunt would not like him to call at Eyon Court, and he is not a man who would care to meet me without Aunt Louisa's know ledge." "Then I don't call him a true friend. "If I Ihoucrht I could help you out of aoy trouble I would run any risk of iliss Eyon's auger over and OTcr again ; but I am afraid this talk ta as dull fi9 Eyon Court is. Never mind. I shall nod some way of amusing you ; you shall not be left long in that gloomy house. How would it be this evening if wo tried a little dance?" Marjorie's eyes shone with delight as she looked up noder the shadow of her hat. " It would bo ever so nice," she said, "but dare we ?" "Tea, we dare." He nodded so confidently that <>he took courage. 14 Unless you aro afraid of a dobie, as thoy call the ghosts, we can go upstairs. No one can hear us in those old disused rooms." "You mean the old drawing-room ?" " Well, yes, but the library is snugger and farther from tho staircase ; we shall be safe tbore. Shall 1 wait for you in the library after tea ?" " Alltight'.V Marjorie walked homo gaily. This would be a little adventure, and- tho risk of being found out aud scolded by Hannah gavo it a sort of special relish, I do believe it's naughty," she thought, as fhc ran up to her room. " Well, I should soon uiuuuiu aiv 11 a urea long at iyon uourc. CHAPTER YI— A WALTZ. Daylight had faded long ago, and only a weak gleam fell across the darkness from a'solitary candle which Mr. Brown had stuck into one of the tarnished sconces At first sight the long close-smelling library looked deserted, bnt a rustle and thcu a merry laugh came from a dnrk corner, and Marjorie aud her partner waltzed rapidly into the faint light. " I must stop, please," she panted ; "I'm out of brenth. I tniuk the dust chokes ouc." He stood still as she spoke, but he kept his arm round her waist as if he wanted to begin again. "Yes, we have literally kicked np a dnst, hut the dust proves I was right iu saying that no one comes near theso old rooms. I believe the servants dare not venture here in the dusk ; the dobie-room is next to this, you know ; it was your uncle's bedroom." She shivered. Sbo had just moved a little away from her partner, but at this she shrank near him again. "Do yon mean a ghost ?" she whispered. Ho was sorry to reassure her, it was so delicious to feel that she trusted and clung to his protection, hut ho remembered that terror sometimes caused a girl to scream inoppor tunely. ' Thai's all nonseuse, yon know. I beltcvo vonr uncle, Mr. John Eyon, died in tho room beyond this one: there was some disagreement between Miss Eyon and ber brother and she had nil these rooms shut up after his death. Naturally the dobie story ba9 grown out of >uav. ne oent aown over nor ana wnisperea, A Do you know you looked awfully pretty when fon were frightened just now." " Please let me go," said Marjorie, abruptly, "and I don't h'ke compliments." He took his arm away from her waist, not |o much because of Marjorie's request, but it teemed to him there was a faint sound near tho Alsuscd drawing-room. " Hush," he whispered. Marjorie had also heard the sound, and she was trembliug. almost paralysed with fear. Her hair seemed to rise on her forehead. "Is auyone there?" Tho voice sonnded hoarse and strange. " Is it you. Miss Marjorlo ? What are you doiug here ? " "It is Hamiub," the girl said, 'as, taking the candle between her fiugers, she went for ward. "Why, Hannah," she held up tho candle, you are us white as death. How frightened you look 1 Did you think we were ghosts ?" . she said, softly, as she pinched tho old woman's pale chin. "We?" Hannah exclaimed. "Who may yon hev with you, ma'am ?" Mr. Brown laughed. "Only me, Hannah. Your young lady and I have been trying a Uance in the old library, but it's awfully dusty work. A good many years, I'll bet, since any thing so-lively happened here." Hannah took a step back as she spoke : then ihe groaned. " My mercy I" she said. "How could ye venture It ? T'lass knawed nowt aboot it : nobbut yon, sir, must hev heeard tell o' things at sud make -/ t'place respected from such frolics." She stretched out her long arm and took the candle from Marjorie. Jour room. I'll show ye the light, m emu, uuu tna gin rouowea ner. Mr. Brown caino up to Marjorie and whis pered— " Don't go ; why do yon knockjunder ? The way to get en at Eyon Court is to resist tyranny." K> But Marjorie's eyes had suddenly opened to her own imprudence, and she was glad that the light was too dim to show her flaming cheeks ; something whispered that she had been giddy, that Mr. Brown would not have been so free with her if she bad been more guarded with him. She wondered whether Sir Georgo Wolfif would have asked a strauger to waltz with him in a lonely room. Instead of answering Mr. Brown, she hurried on and placed herself beside Hannah, while her cheeks burned yet more hotly. When she reached the door leading into hor special passage, Marjorie said : "That will do, thank you, Hannah; I can ee my way now : tho lamp outside my door is sure to be lit." Hannah looked over hor shoulder nnd she law that Mr. Brown had not followed them. "As you please, ma'am," she said coldly, and opening the door for Marjorie she closed it behind her. Tho girl was greatly relieved ; she had ex pected a lecture, aud she knew she should havo rebelled against it and havo answered saucily. "Old women are always cross to girls about inou," she said, when she had readied her room nod had drawu a low chair cosily in front of the lire. "After all, it is only quite natural that a young man and a girl alone in a dull house should like one another's company and nmuse thomsolves." She sat looiing into tho blazing logs. " Porhapa it would havo been better if wo had had our valia in tho parlor, as Miss Eyon calls it ; then Hannah would not havo ventured to look glum. After all, I really think I am too old to bo in terfered with. She marched me ofl to uiy loom just as if I were a naughty child." (To be continued.) 