? Hot. Rink. Bright. Theatre. Aginton. Toboggan. The Dales. Procession. Switchback. The Girards. The Silbons. Erin go Bragb. Poor Rudolph Unhappy France. St. Patrick's Day. Melbourne failures. Edwardstown Races. Fine day for a thiiBt. Boulanger on his legs. Summary on Monday. Norwood Rink for sale. H.M.S. Sultan a wreck. Second Sanday in Lent. Polo on the Old Coarse. Smart arrest of burglars. "Silence," say a Boulanger, Any amount of green about. " Hans the Boatman" to-night. Austral for London on Monday, Barometer at noon to-day,".29 99. H.M.S. Sultan irretrievably lost. Another Glenelg Sunday concert. The Strasburg clock ticking away. Aquatics at Largs Bay at 2.30 p.m. Lord Tennyson's health improving. Cash price of copper in London, £52. Heavy rains in Western Australia. French Deputies now having a shindy, Murray Water Commission waking np, Sydney Civil servant run in for forgery. Two more big insolvencies in Melbourne, " An Irishman, all in his glory, is there," Boulanger has taken up the role of bully. " Through Storm to Sunshine" on page 7. Field artillery firing at Dry Creek to-day. New sensation in the Chamber of Deputies. A nineteenth century Admirable Cricbton. Mc,ori footballers at Lancaster won by two goals National holiday of Irishmen all over 4th world. Seven missionaries liberated ia Africa. Murderous aesaalt on a landlord near Sydney. Public welcome to be given to Bishop Kennion, Stormy debate in the French Chamber of Deputies, li Mr. Quan going home to Bell the Largs Bay line ? Mayor Shaw's memorial — Parliament Buildings. St. Patrick was a Scotchman, but he didn't wear a kilt. Mr. Otto Fischer's concert at Kapnnda a great succesi. Australian mail contract to be subjected to legal opinion. A new chum from England "railwayed" at- Williamstown, Clerk of the Weather surely not aware o the races to-day, Lisbon Government told to keep its hands off Mashonaland. Has some aome one been "got at" with those shoddy rails ? Little May Hannan and the other littl9 kiddies this evening. The biographical sketch of Prince Rudolph is not pleasant reading. Right Hon. Cecil Kiikes haB refused the Governorship of the Cape. Now's the time to have a good look at our new Parliament Buildings. Sir Henry Loch'e time of office likely to ba extended for another year. Warship Sultan, which went on the rocks a week ago, has now sunk. General opinion that the tariff has been of great benefit—to the Treasurer. How do the working men like to pay more for their goods under our tariff ? The Mayor's ^Draughts Trophy has been handed over to the Adelaide Club, So many insults bandied about that it has been necessary to arrange for duels. Moet appreciative notice of late Dr. Holder in the Illustrated Medical News. Sun rose at 6.2 a.m., Bets at 6.16 p.m. Moon set; at 4.14 a.m., rises at 5.55 p.m. Any connection between the Sunday concerts and Glenelg's railway troubles 2 Burglarious sampling of silverware at Mr. H. J. Raphael's house in North Adelaide. A few " ghosts" of the Henniker Heaton breed could be found in the Snnny South. That disobedient marker had to pay £6— lot of deadhorse marking to make that np. Signor Henri Tamberlik, the renowned Roman tenor and maker of firearms, is dead. By a blasting accident on the Fullartonroad William Bradly has lost part of one leg Cambrian Society's resolution of sympathy with Irishmen at the present juncture is very timely. Where is the money to come from to take up the Holdfast line and double-rail the other line The row among the Wesleyans about the interchange of ministers is assuming rather dangerous proportions. Quotation for March 16 :— In the oroinary concerns of life, moral energy is. more serviceable than brilliant parts while in the more important, these latter are of little weight without it, evaporating only in brief and barren flashes,—Preicott. Quotation for March 17 :— Ail the doors that had inward to the secret place cf the Most High, are doors outward—out of sellout of smallness—out of wrong.—George Jfacdonald, On March 16, 1887, Brock and Co. gave their first pyrotechnic display on the Oval. Seven hundred and fifty thousand spectators present—more or !eE8. Success attend St. Patrick's fiat, For he B a saint to clever He gave the sna&es; and toads a twist, Be bothered them forever. The Prince Imperial of France, son of" Napoleon III and of Eugene de Montigo, CountesB of Tejo, born March 16, 1856. This was the brave youth who fell in the Zulu war. Valentinian III. Emperor of the West assassinated March 16, 455, for having intrigued with the wife of Maximus a patrician, who wonld stand no nonsense of that sort even by the wearer of the ImperiaL purple. Alexander III. of Scotland accidentally killed by being thrown from his horse March.' 16,12S6, near Kinghorn, on the coast ot Fife. He was as great and good a Prince as ever reigned in the land o' cakeB, and that'ssayin' a guid deal. Despite the alarms of the French critics, who say that M. Eiffel's tower ia gradually going out of the perpendicular, the lofty construction ia getting nearer than ever to the clouds. On January S it attained the height of 225 metres, and is therefore 164 feet higher than the Great Pyramid of Gizeh, which is 543 feet in altitnde. The workmen are in an Alpine climate, and are enjoying sunshine when all beneath them is an ocean of fog. The second and third stories of the tower are being decorated, asd restaurautB are in . course of erection on them. Gustavas (Adolphue) III. King of Sweden, shot at a maBquarade ball by Count Ankarstrum, a disbanded officer of the army, March 1G, 1722. The King died of his wound* on the 2Uth and waa succeeded by his son Gustavus IV. Verdis's opera " Un Billo in Maachera" is founded on this tragic event. Ankaretrom confessed bis crime, for which he stood in the pillory three times, was publicly scourged, had his hand cut off and then his head. Poor wretch. Nero, the Sixth Emperor of Rome, born March 16, A.D. 37. It had been better f Jr him and for the human race if that event had not happened. That biographer writes :— " The commencement of his reign WAS characterized by justice and clemency. He wa? liberal, affable, polished, complaisant, &ud; his heart seemed to possess every exoelleat quality. But all this was mere exterior, and a mask, which hid the moat depraved mind that ever disgraoed a human being." But though his debaucheries and cruelties w-re moat atrocious, the account of his setting j tire to Rome and to have watohed the conflagration from a tower while singing to bis lyre is thought to have been fabricated by some one, though it is oertain that ha attributed the fire to the Christians, many of whom were torn to pieces by dogs, and burned during the night in the gardens of his . palace. 