\- I To-Morrow-A Tragedy j (Cflnrlmh'd.') l'aui raahcd f jrward. Lucy bad fallen on the fijor in a dead f«iat, her white f&C3; op turned, tbe belly siiU ia her hand. " Could she have heard what we were say ing outside!" Piul exclaimed in dismay, as he knelt by her side. '* 3 thought spake quite low,' said hie brother, almost <quaily aghast, hia face pals and perturbed. .' Tommy, run and fetcb your mother They ltft Lucy ia Mfa. Norton's care, Paul only being induced to accompany bis brother by hie sister-in-!a v*s repeated assurances that it was only a fainting li1;, which she knew per fectly well ho» to manage. Mr. Norton's start-Hag tale was true. There on the borders of the wood, partly screened by the bushes, the body of the granger who had presented himself as Mr. Bores'ord at Hszelmead the day previoua lay, 6tark and frozen, among the long, frosty grass. He had been shot through the heart, and on search being made, a p-istel was found a few yarda off-a pocket derringer, email tnoagb to be concealed in a lady's hand, but carrying the deadly, large conical ball. Was this awful deed suicide or murder ? There was no sign of a straggle, nor evidence apparant on a cursory examination to tell taetale. Mr. Norton notified the police, and on their arrival the body was conveyed to 0 '.a of the outhouses, to await the inquest. No letters bearing any address or giving any clue to the deceased's family or reeidecce wt re found upon him. Inquiries made at the ,f Tiger,1' the nearest inn to Hazelmead, elicited that the deceased had arrived thereon foot the day before, had partaken of refresh ment, asked the way to Mr. Noi ton's and said he would return fci the inn to sleep ; but meanwhile befjre tbis information reached Hizelmcrd, Paul Norton had returned to the hocse. " Is Miss Licy be'ier ?" wae his iirst eager ir<! liry. .« Ob, yes," replied Mrp. Norton ; it was jtist a faint. Kiie says she waa feeling very iil this morning, a?, indeed, any one could pee ; and she was startled, and afraid there wee something wrong when Hal called you out of the room. She is much better now. and is lying on the dicing-room sofa." l'dul went to Lucy and bent over her with tsnderest icijiiiriea and expressions of regretful fear that rus overheard conversation ^fith his brother had given her a shock. '. I never thought you'd hear ne," he said, dsprccatingly. «? I am forry I fainted and frightened you all," she murmured. " But womf n are weak creatures, you know," and her lips quivered suddenly intD a strange smile, a pale gleam of ghastly mirth. ' Yes. we who are ftrong must be careful of you tenderer plants ; it is our place to gucrd and shield jou. Lucy, how I would prize the privilege of cherishing you if you would give it to me ! I love you even more when you tie pale and ill than in health and brightness." " I s this a time to talk of love when death is so near ' " Live is no child's pi ly : it is one of ths earnest ih:rg6 of life-as true and real as death itself,'' he rejoined, gravdy. " Who taught you that '. l'au !-it was you who have taught me what love is." She fixed b'r large gray eyes on him with & wild, despairing gezc. '. 1 woader would you forget me if I were goie a* ay forever ?"' 1' ul s protestations wore cut short by Mrs. Norton'^ appearance with a cup of strong tei for L'Jcy. That evening, as l.ucy sat with Mrs. and M 85 Norton and Paul in the parlor, thsre aas a ring at tbe hall door, and on its being opened, a strange voice was audible in col ic quy with the servant-a'man's voice, rather low. with a peculiar resonant quality in its tone, Lucy glanceJ up with a violent start. JJra. Norton listened a moment, then went to tbe door, and called : " What is it, Sarah ?" " A gentleman from London wants to speak to the master, ma'am. I've shown him into tbe dirnn^rooffi." Mr. Norton went out. Paul looked at L'jcy. , >. aow you tremble : lou are feeling vorse ? " he asked. " I'm nervous; the leaBt thing startles me," she answered. " You are ill, I am sure : won't you go up stairs and lie down ' he urged. «. i think I will," she murmured. ?-1,it me he'p you,'" he said, eagerly lean on me.' _ Jane Norton refrained from pressing her services, and left Paul to lend Lucy bis arm up the stairs-a support not so necessary perhaps as he thought it. Lucy did not speak until she reached her own dosr; then fhe faid in a hollow voice : " Taank you- you are very kind to me always. I don't think I'll come down stairs again to-night.1' _ ?< Xo-don't; we shall all miss you-but try to eleep." he said, tenderly. When Paul went down stairs, bis brother, with a lighted lantern, was taking the visitor out by the back door. " They've gone to seethe body," said Mrs. Norton, with the grave and awe- stricken ex preseion which seemed unnatural on her f&rc; freeb. comely face. " Who is it? ' aeked I'aul. .« Ilia came is Jiishwood-and, I'auK j lowerirg ber voice, "he's a policeman in j ola;n rlothes from Saotland Yard." " .< 1'rem Scatlacd Yard? Why, surely there is no time for them to have got a fel low down from there already, even if they | telepraphed on the instant.'1 fill a I No , it seems he hasn't came about this business; he didn't know of the death. As far as I can make out he came on some errand about this very Mr. B±reaford, who, it appears, isn't Mr. Biresford at all: Oh, ; debr ! it makes my head whirl to think of l i And be asked -bout our household; and 1 Paul, seems curious about Lucy-asked wha» i our fovercess d name was,and how long she'd 1 been with us, and seemed to vieh to see her. 11 fear we are getting tangled up in some | j »y3ipiy, Paul.'' _ . . I .« Some dreadful mart e nest,' hert joined. j | abruptly, but ^wincing. " 15 is a aetcctive = j t business to find mares' nests. Of course j they make enquiries about all the members . of a household when a tragedy Jibe this hap DtiEB. But Jj icy is too ill to be troubled to night ; it would be simply cruel to disturb her. S'ae wants rett; Fanny, you kind soul, let her have it." .. I'd be the last one to worry her, Jso doubt it is a policeman's duty to ssk all sorts ol qaeBtions ; bat thiB is & dreadful affair 1" And Mrs. Norton began to weep. She went up to see the invalid presently; and returning assured Paul that she hadn't been worrying her at all-only bathing her forehead and talking to her, and telling hsr to go to bed. Excited and disturbed, they kept late hours at Hazelmead that night. Paul wa3 the last to go to h;s room. He tried to tread lightly as he passed the room wherein he imagined Lucy W£s sleeping; but hia tiptoeing was wasted care, for as he reached her door it opened softly, as if ehe had bsen watching for him. She stood on the threshold, still in her gray dress, her hair disordered, and her eyes dilated with a lised intensity of "I honed you were asleep," he said, look ing at ~ her with tender surprise and atx'uty. .. I thall HO jn bs. But I thought I would say go jd nigbt to you. Paul. " ily darlinghe whimpered, and fondly and reverently kissed her. "Go to sleep, love, don't fret about anything. If there is anything to trouble you, we'll talk it over to !? morrow. I'll no*; keep you now." *. Good-nigW.v ehe said, softly. *? Yog | have all bean very kind to ms. You shall [ I know what my trouble is to-morrow."' j I " Gocd-night. my darling; sleep well," he ( said. ' } A strange smile lit up her face. j " Yes, I shall sleep well," she replied. t Tiie silence of night rested like a pall on | Hazelmead. Most of the Nartons, weary l with the excitement of the day .slept soundly, | but Paul was restless. Towards daybreak, j break, however, he fell into a deep slumber, | from which be was aroused by a sudden con- | sciousness of some undefined horror and j dread, which resolved itself into a sound of J 1 hysterical Bob'oing somewhere-a mui'ilad j murmur of horrified voices. Paul sprang up 5 and dressed. Wnat new calamity had bap paced? He heard the words. "Keep the children in their rooms, and send for th6 doctor," and-what was that his brother answered ? " The doctor can ba of no use here!' Here-where.' l'aul rushed out into the corridor; a moment took him to Lucy's room. Mrs. Norton started at eight of him, ana instinctively stretched her arms across tbs door as if to keep him back. His brother, pals and horror-stricken, stood by Lucy's bed. 41 What is itcried Paul, hoarsely. Mrs. Norton could only answer by a sob. j He broke past her like a madman ; he rushed j to Lucy's eide, looked down on her as she lay, white and rigid-the marble stillness, the livid hues of death on her face. Oje glance was enough; it was too true that no doctor could be of any use here. Life had been ex tinct for hours. i A small phial, empty, nnlabelled, was found under the pillow; on the table writing materials were scattered about as if lately | i used, and among them lay a letter, the j direction uppermost to as lo catch the eye. j It was addressed to Paul, and there, standing 1 by hia dead love's side, he read her last f words. | .' I told jou that jou should know all about j m; to-morrow. you will-no doubt of 5 that. The hounds will tell you all when they \ find that I have escaped them. I am hunted j down at last. There is only one refuge lets « me. and they will not follow me there. I feel g as if I had always known ibis hour would | come; and I have kept something ready for s it, as you will iiad to morrow. I heard Dash- i wood's voice, and when be eecs my face he will tell you who I am ; aud he wiil guess what you have not suspected -that it was I who ehoi the man you saw as Dsresf ord. Ha insulted and threatened me; 1 had my little Amtrican pistol with me. and I ehot him. Oh, Paul, have some mercy on my memory 1 , Oon't think me bad! You wouldn't if you only knew the martyrdom in which I have ex piated my past-the hopes I had o! a better life 1 And this last deed is no crime. I have rid the world of one cot lit to live. He had co meicy on me, and L had none for him. He waa the cures of my life from iirst to last. I owe him worse than death for the wrcck and ruin be made of me. " Believe the wor6t they tell you of me-ex cept one thing. Of the worst crime laid tc \ my charge I am innocent. Of the murder in | .which I was accueed of complicity four years i ai;o I am as innocent as little Amy; but who jj would believe it of a woman who has led my g life ? I was acquitted, but few really f ihought me innocentI say again that I am f nnoc ent of that. You've teen the children wiih me. Don't you think their white soul= | would have felt it, if that bad been true / My j hands were clean of blood-guiltinesa-an til 9 last night. I " I couldn't bear the children to be near me \ tc-clay-it4seerced arrange they didn't shrink j away. I know I thall Bee thaoi agaiD. 1 j mignt have brazened this out as I have | other crises nearly as bad, but since I've y known you I have been changed. 1 have felt I as 1 used to feel when I was an innocent girl. j I might have been a good woman if I'd known j you earlier, and had your love to lean | upon. | .?As it ia you have had a lacKy escape;| still, a better woman could not love you more j than I do. i " Now, good-by. Try to forgive and far- j get me. 1 never would have wronged you, | but you aie well rid of me. Do not think i of me as Lydia Walbrook I left that i hated camf, that accursed life behind when B I came here. Think of me only as the | woman who loved you better than the life she f ij glad to leave- nevermore Lydia ! only your lost " Luciv' « . . . I Years passed away. At I Lazelmead Paul's 1 painting-room was shut up; the du3t gatfc- § ered on the deserted easel and old portfolios, I and on the one picture which remained there, f with its lace turned to the wall. Home had [ been sweet to him once, but now it was home | no more. When he was there, the bitter g waterB of memory went over him; he could jj not bear the associations that tilled the place. | Ever; corner was haunted by the image of ths | woman be had thought so good and pure, who j was a Bin stained waif and stray; notorious { -for it was bat a few years since the name | of Lydia Walbrook had been on every man'd j lips in a yet unforgotien criminal case, lie j never spoke of ths blow that crushed his ! heart, but the mainspring of his lite wan j broken. All his associates found him a I chaDgcd mar.. His few intimates eaid | among themselves that Norton had under- j I gone eome terrible experience, and would I j never be the same again, He tried to { j devote himself to his art, but his nature was J j too emotional for art and ambition to fill ths f J place of love. Success was as Dead S3a fruit | j to him : and against failure, when it came, j i he had no talisman of home love and faith to J i comfort him. lie had sent his bopae, hi« ; I faith, his very heart of life, to eea in oa?| ! {rail vessel that had gone down with all on j j board. And bo years rolled away, and a; j i iaat illness struck him down; his f*i;ing < | hand had to lay the brush aside : and then.; 1 weak and lonely, he thought of the old home ' and of his early days; then tbi t'rt^er &exoiies; of c!d oveiflowed m the butem^ of the later paBt; and then he went back to Hazelmead, as they besought him to ietum and bs cared for by bis own people-weiit back, as they all eaw, never to leave it more. It was hi3 fancy to have hie old den arranged as his Bleeping-room. Ab he gave instriic tions for the moving of the furniture, hi * eye dwelt on the picture leaning with its face to the wall, just as he had turned it years ago when he went away. " Leave it," he said. " Don't touch it; let it be as it has been 1" So, in that room, filled with sad memories, he lay and waited for death ; and who shall say what ghosts haunted him I Were they all dark shadows of the tragedy and horror of the past?-or did softer visions mingle with them, of the lender dreams and golden hopes that once were his 2-did ha recall the eweet hours In had pasaed here before the black and bitter eea3 went over his soul ? Often he lay and gazed at the corner wherein the unframed canvas leaned against the wall, the dust gathering on the face that was turned away-hidden- yet not as the face, whose silent image it was, was hidden in the grave-mould, beneath the coffin-lid. And one day, when all knew the end must bs near, he pointed to ihe picture and said: 41 Turn it-set it were I can see her." And his sister turned it, and swept away the veiling dust, and he eaw again the sweet pale lace, in itB frame of golden hair, the lips of soft and subtle curve, the dreamy eyes that told no tale of tragedy,for his hand had not pourtrayed, because his eye had not re cognised,the black shadow of her life. And g azing at the portrait, his lips were uneealed, and he talked of her as he had don? for years-spoke, net of her sins and suf ferings, but recalling trivial incidents and memories of their happy days. That night, as they watched by him, they kne«7 hie daye were numbered. He had sunk into an un consciousness that was rather stupor than sleep. At dawn he stirred, opened hie eyes, and bade them draw up the curtains and let in the light. The chilly light of early morn ing fell on the portrait. He raised himself, supported in his brother's arms, and with s strange, wild fixity, his eyes grew to the pic ture his hand had painted. He spoke in s voice to which the old ring of strengtt seemed magically restored. il Where am I going-and where is she? L->st-lost-where are the lost souls ?" I'aul-1'iul!"' his brother replied, wit! solemn emotion, it is not for us to say. The mercy of God is infinite I" The dews of death were on Paul Norton's brow, his voice grew hoarse and hollow, as he asked with terrible earnestness : " Is my poor love lost ? No, r.o-it caimoi be. Somewhere wc shall meet. She said-to morrow." Then suddenly ey2s his lit np with a flash of wild and rapturous recognition bs he exclaimed; ''Xot lost:-not lost! Ah, sie! she smiles ! Yes, to-morrow, Lacy, to morrow !"' Tftat look or strange, unearthly raptura wa3 on his facs as he died; and, was it only his delusion or did Licy smile in deed ? 