FAOETI E. -v A Ghost of a Show-A spiritualistic seance. Motto for Sales by Auction-Be contented witli yoar lot; -Leonardo de Vinci of Italy-the man who painted the original pictafe of ' The Last Supper'-was the inventor of the wheel-barrow , : ',My wife lost bppa i with three pounds in. it to-day, said a kb~-ooking man. 'When going into town or c&ning; home f' asked somebody; , SWhen Didn'tl tell you ski had som?e money ia-t demanded the sad looking man, and every body knew when she lostiit. * A gentleman once conversing in a company of ladies, and criticising rather severely the want of personal beauty i iother ladies of their acquaint ance, remarked, ' They are the ugliest women I know;' and then, withi extraordinary politeness, added, ' present company always excepted. A bashful gentleman who visited a school kept by a young lady was asked by the teacher to say a few words to the pupils. This was his speech ' Scholars, I hope you will always love your school teacher as much as I do.' A tableau of gigglings pupils and a blushing teacher attested the effectiveness of his words. A police magistrate is questioning a tramp whose bearing indicates that he has seen better days. ' You look as if you had been a gentleman,' he remarks. 'Y Yes, sir, says the the prisoner, with a sigh. ' Once, air, I was worth several thousand. Gambled, eh ? *Ko, air.' 'Squandered it in riotous living, eh !' ' No, sir. Then to what vice were you addicted ? ' Friend'hip, sir. At a fair an old farmer offered a horse for sale. Two smart young men winted to buy him, but were anxious that the old farmer should tell them if he had any faults, tou said the 'horse had twa fau'ts, an' if they lik'd tae buy him he would tell them the ane afore they paid him an' the ither efter. The bargain was made. Well, said the old farmer, 'when he's oot in the field he's a wee thing ill tae grup. ' Oh, said the young men, that's a very small fault, and paid the money, impatient to hear the other fault. Wreel, said the old farmer, 'you've paid for him, an' the itherfau't is he's no worth a doken when he is gruppit. He had been sippinghis beer very slowly, and the barkeeper had continued to stand right in front of him and keep his eye open, when the- sipper finally remarked-' Say, old man, are you up in old history ? ' 1 vhas, was the brief reply. Ever hear of Socrates? ' More ash, one hoondered times. Well, I've got a curiosity to know how old be was when he died, but I can't find no one to tell me. What do you say ?. ' Yhell,. he shust. I so oldt det if a dead beat comes, in. diw place- und' dean' pay for his beer he preaks-all. his collar pones mit a club. Ah sighed the man after~a long silence, and he went down for his last nickel-_ 