. tRoveUst. The Ghost of Oak Crag. BY ESTHER SEKLE KENNETH. ? ? 4 ? The old Meadows house. Everyone in ' ? Lennox knew where it was. For years ? - only part of it was occupied. The build ing stood upon what was called ' 0»k ' Crag,' and rose, a great solemn stone building, nearly square, in tho full sight fif H.o tniun . . . : Once it had been a very popular place, ns the country seat of tlio Meadows. Parties from tho city thronged it all summer. It was known as a popular re sort whilo old Drake Meadows lived. Hut for years it had been nearly de serted, nnd most of tho family wore : dead. Tho family had rapidly died out. Old Drako Meadows lost his wife and daugh ter, then parted with this life himself, leaving tho property to two sons— ono of whom, voiy woalthy, resided in Europe ; . t tho othor — woll, nobody knew exactly whero Hick; Meadows' .was or what'' had become ol him. Ho used to be known ill tho old times ns tho scapegraco son, who »vas always in diliiculty. Ho had a kind of passionate pride, but no dignity. He ' »vns hail fellow well met with everybody, and used to go fishing with the, tavorn boys, and off on night expeditions after nobody, know what. A groat trial to his rather. tiiHy proud relations, the towns .? : people assorted ; but with them he was a great favorito. ' In spito of his pranks upon their pcr sons 'and property, thore wero generous : ways and winning tricks about tlio boy. Ho would sometimes atone in the most i lavish manner for his depredations upon ? thoir possessions — bringing back tho fruit ' „or chickens or pumpkins he had stolon at -might, or if tlio proporty was destroyed, ' jhoro than paying for it out of his poclcot ? . ^jhvnloy ?Whon angered or insulted, he vwewM fight liko a young domon, and ' vdrkvovuverytliiiig beforo him. In his por ?'''Vsonrtlllifeings'ho was quito as fervid, and . . .' to love «nd liato liko Rick Meadows' Iliad bccomo a proverb in tho town. .(But whon the family left the Crag, one '''nulii inn, and never camo back again, Rick disappeared from thoir view. He ' ? Wiis' a lad of eighteen then ; anii, notlong after nowa of his father's death came, ;it was reported that ho had gone .into the i.irmy. , . '- -' ;l,,or years and years tho iiouso stood minify. Tlio garden run to wasto, the fence* grew dilapidated, and tho troes seemed to sigh in a mournful way bofove lliii'siient door, when ono day a lncssan arr'ved fiom tlio city to say. that Ed ? rt'urd Windows, tlio owner, wanted to occupant in it who . would kocp llio plaeo in order for tho rent.. Tho news seemed a perfect godsend to EramoLainar. Sho novor thought for a moment tlut tho houso was haunted; ' 'for tho place, liko any other deserted habitation, had gathorod disagrooablo re ' ports.' Sho only know that it would bo a ' v homo for lior brothor Westoily and liorsolf during Westerly's studies ; and shoaooordingly applied for it and obtained : ib. ?: ?? ? , : .'r - Tho brothor and sister wero vory difforont. Dearlv as Emma Lainnr loved . iicr . brothor Westerly Lamar was ' ' a bad, passionato, unscrupulous follow. Ho had inhorited cholorio blood and a lolGsh naturo from his father. All his mother's noblo qualities seomed trans !- -mittocl to his sistor. Emma was tho uldor, boing twonty-three. Westerly .M'ns.justoEiigc. ... , . \- .Itoaoluto facing of a hnril world had »Vivoh Enuna Lamar an air .that was a 'filtlo grim ; but sho had exquisite foo \- urea and beautiful, dark- bluO::oyos. Sho «rould havo boon a beauty and.a belle if ,1,0 had possessed tho tastes and manners \- 'of a beauty and a bollo ; but lifo was and always had boon a serious matter with her. Sho had soon fntlior and mothor dio iri hor oarly youth j and now sho lived for Westerly, who was not a vory \ .comforting objcct to live for. -\ - Westorly was studying modicino, and u' a -it least, an ambitious student. Of ?' ' course - thoy woro poor, but Linma s ? inability If opt thorn always in voRpcot ?'-ablo oppoaraiico. Sho kept thonin.so jftrlptlif independent and out of dobt, whioh gavo thom a strong claim lothe re spect of tiioir neighbors. When thoy went to Oak Crag to live, they had everybody's best wishes. No one was particularly fond of Westerly Lamnr, but all wished him well for his sister's sake. Everyone approved of Emma Lamar, the devoted daughter and good sistor. The first evening they spent at Oak Cras;, both felt a littlo strangely. They occupied tho west sido. The remainder of the houso was deathly still. That morning thoy had wandered through it, viowing for the first timo tho spacious rooms, half stripped of their'furnishings, murky and dusty, and smolling of mould. The placo wns merely a curiosity to them then ; but when darkness closed over it, and they remembered what a changed place it ivns since the days whon the grand old place had been their childhood's awe and admiration, the neighborhood of _tlioso cold and dosolate rooms to thoir evening firo was a littlo oppres sive. 'This is a pokerish placo, after all, Em,' said Westerly, after he had sat silent a whilo, listening to the moaning of the wind in tho chimney, while his sister Emma sat by the hearth, absorbed in her work. She looked up. ' ' But it is going to bo so. much better for us, Westerly. ' It will take all my timo to look after that old garden.' ' Not more time than you ought to give to exercise aftor ? studying so much.' _ ' But I want to go into the city some times.' And Westerly Lamar rose, strolled to the window, and looked thoughtfully out at tlio pitch-blaok night. His sistor was silent for a moment, then she said : 'You mustn't go into tho city and leavoino alone here, Westerly.' ' Td never have oome hero if I had thought of. that,' exclaimed Westerly Lamar, impatiently. ' What wero you thinking of when you mado the plan, Em? Did you want to bury us alive ?' ' We can't afford to be very say, Westerly.' ' Afford ! I'll afford a decent lifo one of these days,' muttered the young man, as he turned again to the window, and looked at the city lights, Thero was a look of peculiar concern upon his sister's face as she went on with her work. She might have been hurt by her brothor's ingratitudo, or perhaps she was thinking lier plan of coming to Oak Crag might bo an unfortunate one. Her expression was very grave, whatever might be its cause. Westerly finally returned from the window to his books. As the moments passed, and the clock ticked loudly in tho silont room, Emma's head bent lower and lower over her sewing, and at last a tear splashed on tho snowy linen. Sho had tried so hard to make tho placo pleasant and liomeliko to Westerly ! At least it did seem that he was unappreciative. He looked up at her suddenly as the clock struck ten. ' Em, you had better go to bed. I am going to study till late,' lie Baid. Emma hesitated. I'm riot sloepy. Won't you be lonely hero, Westerly ?' . ' No,' he replied. 'I can study muoh better by , myself.' , So, aftor a little while, Emma put- by lior work, bnde him good-night, and went a'.ross the hull to, her room. Sho sighed heavily as sho lot down her hair before1 tlie mirror; and, as she looked at the reflcotion of her face, sho saw that her.clieok w'a* pale, aijd her eyes mourn ful and steadfast. Sho -went to bed, but did not sleep. She watched the moonlight creep across the floor, and listenod to tlio dismal wail ing of tho wind, until tho clock struck twolvo. Then sho rose, wrapped herself from tlio frosty air, and stepped acrqss the hall. Sho opened the sitting room door softly and looked in. The oil had burned out of the lamp, and the wick sputtored feebly. Tho room was unoccupied, and apparently had been for some timo, for tho firo was out, and tho atmosphere was ohilly. Emma Lamar went back to hor bed, and burying hor faco in tho pillows, sobbed like a child. Sho realised her dreadful situation. Probably sho would bo left alono in that desolate place night aftor night,- whilo her brother wns away, Heaven only knew whero. She had her secret. For tho Inst throo months her brother had boon aocut torn oil secretly to tako tho night train at elovon o'clock, go into tho city, and return to his room at somewhere about four o'clock in the morning. She possessed this knowledge unknown to him. When ho would mako his appoaranco at breakfast, it would bo with palo cheeks nnd bloodshot eyes, or sullen and heavy headed with insufficient sloep. With a dread that was almost a surety of ovil, alio had asked no questions. She believed her brother to bo wedded to some bad practice, but sho oould not tell what. Ho wns oasily angered, and she did not daro question him for fear of causing an outbreak which would bo no satisfaction.- So, ^ after most earnest ?thought, alio had como to Oak Crag, hoping that tho ehnngo of situation and tho demand upon his time and attontion minlit alter his habits. She was con vinced that the plan was unsuccessful ; and tho prospocl of being loft alono in that gloomy place night after night was appalling. Tho olook struok ono. JuBt then a slight noise startled her. Sho raised hor head and listened. It was a stop in tho room above. Her hoart stood still, and then commonced boating so that sho was noarly suffocnted. Her first thought was to look the door of her room, She did this, and then crept baok into bed and listenod. She could distinctly hoar somo ono going about over head, and for a whilo sho was completely abandoned to terror. Thon sheattomptod some solution of tlio problem. Tho houso wns old, and tho noiso might bo caused by rats. But sho oould not, in reason, ontortain this idea moro than a minute. The step became a regular pacing over head. Sho was convinced that somo ono beside liorsolf was iri tho houso. Sho lay and listenod to tho sound. Thon sho thought it mi'iit bo Westerly ; but sho know too well 'that hor brothor abhorred those lonely prooinots ovorhoad, and would by no moans enter them by night. Ho was milos away, and alio was nlono in what scorned to hor groat dangor. Tho suito of rooms that tho Lamars had takon wero on the ground floor. Emma's bedroom window wa» about threo foot from tho garden walk. Through tho oak boughs the moonlight flickorod on tho floor, nnd she lay looking at it ns she listened. Suddenly tlio sound overhead, ceased. Wandering what this might portend, alio listened anxiously ; and fearing, possibly, some assault, sho re membered that her bedroom window was not fastened, and tho room was of easy access from tho ground. Springing up, sho was about to slip from tho bed and fasten it, when a shadow fell across tho floor in the patch of flickering moonlight. ' Sho glanced toward the window, and saw a faco — a dreadful, wild, ghastly, pallid faco — with burning eyes that met hers for a moment ; then tho face disappeared, and Emma Lamar sank back in a swoon of terror. Whan sho returned to consciousness, she heard her brother cough in his room adjoining ; and sho knew that he had re turned, and it must be nearly morning. With a feeling of safety, sho turned upon her pillow, and, resolving to investigate tho mystery as day came, fell asleep. It was lato when- sho awoke, and sho sprang from bed before alio remembered the events of the night. It seemed like a dream as sho suddenly remembered what the last night's oxperionco had boen ; and tho moro so when Bhe threw open tho windows and let in tho ringing songs of the birds. At breakfast sho told Wosterly the story. He came out of his room sleepy and sullen ; but when she commenced her - narrative he flashed into sudden anger. 'I tell you the cursed old place is haunted, Em,' he exclaimed. ' Of course it is. There's no other solution for such sights and sounds. I presume old Meadow's ghost haunts it ; and unless you want Such visitors every night we had better leave.' ' If I thought it nothing more real than ghosts, and you wore here, Westerly, I should not be afraid, 'replied his sister. 'What do you moan by my being here ?' he said quickly. 'You were not here last night, Wes terly,' answered Emma, hardly willing to meet his glance, of astonishment and anger at her discovery, yet speaking firmly. WoBterly was silent a momont, then said with cool bravado, — ' I had business iri the city. And I'll toll you what, Em, I may be away any night. So, if you don't want to be left alone here with the ghosts, you'd better find some other abode. For my part, I novor was in favor of coming her.' ' Why, what can you want in the city at night, Westerly ?' said Emma, sorrow fully. '?That's my business,' replied Westerly, gruffly, bending over his breakfast. Here the conversation dropped, for Eminn felt too deeply for words, and Westerly ate his breakfast in silence. Dilring the forenoon they went about their separate occupations ; but in the afternoon Emma came into, the sit ting-room whero her brother sat studying, and laying her hand lightly upon his arm, asked, — 'Westerly, will you go up stairs with me ?' ' What for ?' he asked in surprise. ' To see if any one is there, or haB been there,' sho said. For a moment ho looked incredulous. Thon ho rose slowly, saying,; — ' Why, Em, you must be a fool I How could any one get into those rooms ? They are locked in every direction. But I'll go up if you like.' They went up-stairs. The stairs wero broad and tho steps low. The halls, dusty and sunny, echoed thoir voicos when they spoke ; but, though lonely, the place was not in any degree fearful. They unlocked and opened room after room, all of which looked silent and un disturbed. At last they came to the chamber from whence had proceeded the sound of footsteps the previous night. Emma Lamar's hoart beat hard as she un locked the door. Tltey entered. The room was silent, and echoed the creaking door. All was perfectly still and undis tarbed. ? . ? J Westerly laughed as his sister, looked about tho room. 'Do you suppose ghosts leave any marks to' track them by?' said ho. ' Como, Em, don't be silly any longer. I tell you no live person oould liavo been in the room last night.' 'What is this?' Emma picked up a glove from the floor. Both examined it in surprise. '.It was a man's buckskin glove, gauntleted, and fastened with a heavy gold button, on which were engraved the initials, ' R.M.' Tho glove bore the impress of a shapely hand ; but it was impossible to tell how recently it had been worn, it was so soiled and stained. 'It has probably lain here for years, whoro some visitor of the old family dropped it,' remarked Westerly. ' I fancy it feels slightly damp, Wes terly,' said his sister. ' Nonsense 1 It's nothing but the dampness of tho room. These north-west chambers are full of chills. Come, throw it down, and let us go down stairs.' But Emma kept the glove, carried it down stairs, and laid it away. That niglib Westerly promised her that he would not leave tno house, ' and the brother and sister retired to their rooms at ten o'clock. Suddonly, as tho olock struck eleven, a bell rang violently through the house. It was not the hall door bell, but proceeded from ono of the chambers. Emma heard lier brother spring out of bed with an oath. The next momont ho was at her door, whon sho met him. 'For heaven's sake what is that, Emma ?' he exclaimed. ? ' It is tho bell of the north-west cham ber,' she replied. All this time tho boll was ringing. Sud donly it stopped. ' What shall we do, Wosterly ?' ' Cur3e me if 'I don't find put what this means 1' exclaimed her brother. He Bprang back to his room, and, to Emma's surpriso, returned with a revol ver. ' Whero did you get that, Westerly !' 'Never mind. Take that light and como. with me.' She was dressed only in slippers and wrappor, and tho air of the entries was chill; but sho did not mind. She fol lowed hor brother in his rapid speed up stairs. Strange to say, his theory of ghosts had never made any impression on hor. She feared nothing so vague, but anticipated somo strango discovery of i human beings whore all hpd seemed deso | IatioUi The first strnngo development was thnt tho door of tho north-weal, chamber was unlocked. It yielded to Westerly's hand, and with an exclamation of surpriso ho entered. 1 . Tlioro was no doubt that it was occu pied. A faint light glimmered on tho table, and upon a loungo lay a man, evi dently in tho agonies ofdeatli. His faco was deadly pale, and the eyes woro rolled up ns if ho wero in convulsions. Tho brother niid sister sto»d by in silent hor ror. In a inomeat thb convulsed fea tures were seon to rshtx, and tho breath stoppod. Ho is dead,' mid Westerly. ? Thoy brought t.h'i light to tho marblo face. It wus hftndsomo nnd haggard. Westerly uttered a* ?xclamation of sur prise. ' What is it, Westerly ?' ' I saw that man last night in the city.' 'Whoro?' 'In. a gambling saloon, '' replied tho young man, exoitedly. ? He forgot at the moment that ho was betraying himself. Indeed, Emma La mar was too agitatod to notice tho botrayal beyond tho mere words. She looked down at tho man, and a look of weariness nnd sorrow 011 the still, pallid face touched her to tears. 'Pshnw I Whnt are you crying for?' exclaimed Westorly. 'Hold the light a minute.' ..He gave her .the light, then, unfasten ing the man's ncektie, and, baring his breast, mado various tosts of lifo. The form lay as impassivo and cold as marble. ' He's dead enough,' said Westerly. ' What aro wo to*do with him ? Shall I call a physician, Westerly? I am no afraid to go down the hill.' Emma Lamar thought;she would prefer it to remaining with that solemn dead figure, while her brother went to call help or evidence. But Westerly did not answer. After a few moments he covered the face, and said, — . ' Come down stairs now.' They went baek to the sitting room, put down tho light, and looked at each other. ' How did ho come here, Westerly ?' ' Heaven only knows ; but, Em, it's the best luck that' ever happened to raoj' 'How?' ' I shall use him for a subject if noth ing happens to prevent — that is, if I see no chance of detection. Prof. Gardner will pay me one hundred pound ??, and ask no questions.' ' Good heavens I Westerly, I beg of you—' 'Pshaw! Hush, will you! There's nothing to prevent., I've made up my mind. And there's the body— a splendid case; You; noticed his dress, did you not?' ' No.' ? - ' 'Army — major's outfit, I think. He's a foreigner; I ndilice'd liis accent last night. He won my 'money like tho devil. How he happened to be in this houso is the mystery,' ' What killed him ' Late hours and liquor, perhaps. Pos sibly ho took a quiet dose of something to get himself out of the hands of the law. He was a desperate looking fellow when there was life iri his fade:' ' Oh, Westerly , where have you learned about tliese things ? You havo changed so much in a year 1' ' Go to bed, Em ; don't preach I' ' What are you going to do ?' 'I am going up-stairs again.' ' Westerly, I pray you do nothing with .that man's body to-night.' ' I'll do what 1 please, Em. You had better go to bed.' 'But, Westerly, the danger of — ' ' I will manage my affairs. Go to bed.' He took another li^ht and went to his room. His Bister knew that he had gone for his surgical case. - Trembling with cold and excitement, and trying vainly to. collect lier faculties that she might think calmly, she retreated to her room, and lay down, half sick with_ the. workings of fear and anxiety. She heard her brothergo up. stairs. The thought of his work made her. faint. She prayed that something might happen to prevent. J ust then she heard him returning. ' Westorly 1' she called. He came to the door. 'Listen to me a moment, Westerly. Suppose that man should be tracked here, and found mutilated, what is to. save you from the., accusation of mur der ?'' ? _ ' No fear of that. Tho family burying ground of the Meadows will have one more occupant before morning. I shall have quite done with him in an hour.' 'Oh, Westerloy, you don't realise what a desperate thing you are doing!' 'Don't I? A hundred pounds is worth a little desperation. Go to sleep, sis.'' Ho shut the door,' and wont up-stairs. Emma buried her faco in the pillow, and wept in an agony of: despair. Not only was her brother's work revolting to her, but she realised how imminent was the peril. Westerly seemed determined to bring certain destruction upon them. But suddonly slio heard him come leaping down the stairs. He burst into her room. 'He has gone!' ' Gone ?' ?' Yes. I believe he was the devil. How could lie tako . liimselt off when he was doad ?' And Westerly Lamar, a moment before so cool, leaned against the door, and wiped the perspiration of excitement from his forehead. ' How did ho go, Westerly ?' ' I don't know. I made a slight cut in the breast, and thes came down for my other instruments. When- 1 went back he was gone.' ' Were tho windows and doors opon ?' 'The door was ajar just as 1 left it. The windows were shut.' ' Westerly, I am so glad 1' ' Of what ?' . ? ' That you did him no harm.' ' Fool I' exclaimed Westerly in a sud den rage. ' What harm could I possibly do the man if ha wera dead ?' ' But he wasn't dead.' ' 1 tell you he was as dead as a post I' Westerly went back to the sitting room. It was nearly daybreak, and ho made a fire. He sat over it moodily when Emma came out. Then h* rose suddenly, and went up-stairs. In a few moment* ho came down with somothing in his hand. Wlint is that, Westerly ?' f 'Nothing hut that glovo,' I10 said, ns ho tossed it clown. 'But I pat that glovo away. This must bo tlio mau\' It wns so; Tlio buttons boro tho samo initials. Emma took thom io .cliargo as a cluo to tho Strang? opiaodo of tho night. That day it was decided thit thoy should leave tho houso. It boro a horror to Emma Lamar ; nnd, since her plan in coming there was not likely to prove suc cessful, it was not worth whilo to remain in so disagrceablo n placo. Thoy would go back to tho little cottage they had rented for the last throe years, and livo as best thoy might. At least she would be near to neighbors thero when left .alono iat night. She had nevor beforo in her lifo boen so unhappy, and Bhe could not keep bilck her tears as shi prepared for their re moval. Beside hor disappointment and sorrow, sho was wearied and nervous from tho effects of tho night's excitement, and at last,. during her brother's absenceVshe flung herself down upon hor bed and cried liko a child. The poor girl felt tired Be yond her strength. At twilight she arose and went into the garden, hoping that lior aching head would be rolieved by tho clear, frosty air. Besides she could not but acknowledge to herself a dislike to stay in the house alone. Westerly had promised ro return at six o'clock, nnd she stood on the hill watching the road, when she saw a dark spot upon the gravel walk at her feet. A second glance assurod her that it was blood, and her heart leaped up in horror. Gazing in a kind of fascination at the ground, she saw another nnd another dull red spot, aud still drops beyond. Step ping forward she followed tho marks to a littlo summer-houso in an oak coppice, and there upon the seat lay extended the figure of a man. '( Concluded in our next.) 