OCCASIONAL PAPERS. SIDE-LIGHTS FROM THE PULPIT. Br Wtbert Reeve. In the opening of this paper I am tempted to moralise a little. Professors of various de nominations teach, according to their lights, the great mystery of man and his Maker, and I venture to suggest the best of lights is little better than darkness. It reminds me very much of children looking up to the stars and planets, and struggling for the light beyond. Apostles arise of new ideas or old creeds, now, as they have arisen in the generations past. Old faiths and new doctrines are taught as divine laws, until in the minds of many science or common-sense steps in and destroys the argument. People quarrel now, as in time past, over words and meanings that often have no warrantry in the old Scriptures, which they pretend to understand. So spite, envy, and all uncharitableneea run riot, whilst men and women stand doubting and perplexed. Why do so many preachers play out the same old tune, as though knowledge, like themselves, had Btood still, and the old Judaean records were universally accepted as God-given, and inspired. We hear a text from the average preacher, and know perfectly well what we are to expect, the firstly, secondly, thirdly, the same hackneyed phraseB, the same platitudes, until attending church or chapel to the many is a disagreeable duty, and nine out of every ten in the congre gation could neither tell you the text nor the argument half an hour afterwards. It would be different if clergymen would cease to give lame and impotent explanations of mysteries, they do not like to acknow ledge they are as ignorant about as ourselves; or if they would cease to make assertions tor which they too otten have no authority ; and if they would only try and be original, forget ting tor a time the Israelites of old, and re membering the thoughtful men and women of to-day. How much better to gather the texts from the life around, and not befog weak minds with a labyrinth of doctrine. How much better to teach us how to be better men and women, proving by their own lives that they believe in the Christian charity they preach ; that mere difference of faith or creed is nothing. So long as men and women are banded together in all honesty to do good works, they are equally to be admired and respected.' Men teaching a higher moral law, com pelling thought, and following up the intet* lectual evidences of the day, could no longei be recruited from the nonentities and fosaile who crowd into the present system. Th old reproach, " He's the fool of the family we'll make a parson of him," could no longa apply, and degrade a noble calling. So endi my catechism. These reflections bring me to the singula! outcomings of modern theology, and perhaps the most singular iB the fashionable preacher. Probably no better example could be found than the late Rev. Robert Montgomery, or, as he was called after one of nis poems, "Satan" Montgomery. Sunday after Sunday he drew crowds to his chapel, near Totten ham-court-road, and elsewhere in London. If I remember rightly the chapel was hired by him, a9 n theatre would be. People paid for their seats in the usual way, and by col lections at each aervice, it brought hira a large income. " Satan " ran through several editions, and another of his long poems, "The Omnipresence of the Deity," eleven editions. Vet his name, like the actor's fame, would now be "heard no more" but for the scathing and remorseless criticism in Macaulay's famous essays. The popularity of Montgomery and his poems sug gests to hint the story ot the Sancrit /Esop of a pious Brahmin, who set forth to find a sheep to ofTer up for sacrifice. He met a rogue by the way, who offered him an unclean beast—an ugly dog—lame and blind, and swore it was a sheep of tiie finest fleece and sweetest flesh. The Brahmin in dignantly refused it, and said it was 110 sheep. A second rogue appears, and swears to it Still the pious Brahmin doubts, but when a third rogue appears and vows the same the Brahmin is convinced; contrary to his own good sense, and says, " The Gods had taken away his senses." lie asks pardon of the first rogue for doubting him, and buys the dog, giving a measure of rice and a pot of ghee; he sacrifices the dog to the gods, who, in wrath at this unclean sacrifice, smote him with a sore disease in his joints. The public represent the Brahmin, Mont gomery the rogue, his works the unclean dog. Could satire be more terrible? It had its effect, and was the first and strongest step in the downfall of his popularity, and, I be lieve, hastened his death. Macaulay, in Bpeaking of bim, complains of the spirit of the age, which accepted the puffery with which he, like a good showman, pushed his poems and his preaching into notoriety. He says—"All the pens that ever were employed in magnifying Bish's lucky office, Ptomaine's fleecy hosiery, Packwood'a razor-strops, and I Rowland's Kalydor, all the placard-bearers of Dr. Eady, all the wall-cbalkers of Day and Martin's blacking, seem to have taken ser vice with the poets and novelists of this generation. . . . The rabble first stare and wonder, and at last join in shouting for shouting's sake, and thus a crown is placed on a head which has no right to it." Thus " Montgomery's works have received more enthusiastic praise, and have deserved mere unmixed contempt" He shows how coolly he appropriates from others; tor instance, Lord Byron writes in his magnificent address J to the ocean •' Time writes no wrinkle on thine azure brow." Montgomery redresses this image— " Time's iron feet can print uo ruin-trace.1 Sir Walter Scott has the beautiful liues— " Toe dew that on the violet lies ilaiks the dark lustre 0: thine eyes." Montgomery steals it— •' And (he bright dew bead on the bramble lies, Like liquid rapture upon beauty's eyes." As a preacher, I was attracted to him, and j with a boyish friend have stood for hours outside his chapel doors in the crowd. He affected Lord Byron a good deal in his person, , and I think this had an additional charm for | many. He had somewhat feminine, well-cut features, close-shaven face, dark curly hair parted in the centre, looked pale and interest ing, had bright expressive eyes, and a sort of gemeral resemblance to the poet. He preached with fervour, using a good deal ot action and high-flown language, drawing strong and, as as I thought as a youngster, very poetical Bimiles, but which I daresay had as little meaning and as bad grammar as Macaulay found in his poetry. At times he descended to the common place, and said things that 6tartled you, and it was one of these that entirely disenchanted me. young as I was at the time, and made such an impression that 1 never troubled to hear him after. In speaking of the dead and resurrection, he likened humanity to a decayed Stilton cheese, mildewed and crumbled to pieces, and as the particles of the cheese would unite into a whole by pressing, and regain its former consistency, so the dust of man on the last day would be collected by the trumpets of the angelB. Resurrection and a Stilton cheese was too much tor my youthful mind. Anything more absurd than such a Bimile could hardly be imagined, but it was a sort of thine that answered with the many ; the very daring of it attracted. Fashion at last failed him, and disappointment hastened { his death. Another fashionable preacher, I daresay, will be remembered by most English readers, the Rev. J. M. Bellew. lie, like Montgomery, was essentially a pulpit actor and ladies'man, following his profession for money and popularity. In the height of Beliew's fame it was difficult to obtain a seat to hear bim, and when he succeeded in getting a divorce from his wife, who bad absconded with another man in India, the sympathy of the ladies knew no bounds. He was very fond of the stage, and in his early days acted small parts with Macready at Drury-lane, under the narueof Higgins, and this, I believe, was his real name. It was said Feehter's | " Hamlet," which made such a remarkable Beusation in the theatrical world, was to an extent Beliew's; he coached him in it. The first time I met bim was in the beautiful Mrs. Rousby's dre68ing-room at the Queen's Theatre, Loudon. L-he was playing in a piece called " Axe and Crown;" it was the talk of London at the time, more because of her beauty than her acting. Bel-1 lew and one of the Mayliews were also present, and both were lavish in their atten tions to her. The next time was at a per- j formance by the same lady of Rosalind in "As You Like It," in the green room, of a provincial theatre. He was then fulsome in his praise to the lady for a very bad performance, and a very im perfect one, and no one knew better than Bellew that it was so. It wa9 in the same town I heard him conduct the church service for the first and only time, and I never heard the prayers so beautifully given or so impressively. Ills sermon, too, was excellent, and his appearance all that could be desired tc give effect both to his reading and preaching. He had a fine face, rather long hair, almost white, graceful action, ana a manner and voice that commanded atten tion, the latter being especially good in its tones tor elocutionary effect Like Montgomery, he had rented a church near Holborn, and drew a large income from it, and I think it was over this he and his bishop disagreed; but the first downfall to his immense popularity with the ladies was his marrying a lady who, like himself, had been divorced. Although the fault was not on'ber side, the fact was not overlooked, as many of hiB congregation were supposed to regard the circumstance with jealous eyes, the single ones more especially. He also got into money difficulties, aud finally renounced the Church of England tor the Church of Borne. Disappointed in this, he turned to nblic reading for a livelihood, in which he fiad already succeeded. A speculator for some time gave him £10 a reading, took him to alt likely towns for one, two, or three nights, incurring all responsi bility, and I believe it paid very well. At length Bellew thought he had discovered a means of indukunn in hia theatrical pro clivitiea without going on the stage. He took St. George a Ilall, London i'1™ J most perfect bijou scenery painted for tnc tragedy of "llamlet" by O Connor nudodi" London artists, got a complete set of dresses, and engaged a competent company of actors and actresses, and the result was the most singular exhibition anyone could imagine. He stood in front, at a desk, wuU JJ large volume of Shakspeare before him, and , read every character, the actors and actresses came on and off, crossed, did all the regular business of their parts, and gesticulated, opening their mouths as it speaking uie words; in short, they were living auto matons ; it was supremely ridiculous. L. A. Sotliern (the celebrated Dundreary), who was playing in London nt the time, suggested to me wc should invite the actor who did the ghost to dinner, and try our utmost to make him unsteady with wine, as Lellew solemn J reading in front, and a ghost with the staggers behind, would have completed the absurdity; however, we could not arrange it. As may be supposed, the entertainment was a disastrous failure. No man knew better how to pose on a platform and catch the public by little tricks —his walk, the throwing back his hair, swelling out his chest, pulling down his shirt cuffs (there is a great deal even in blowing your nose to make it effective, and he had the knack). He looked round with a kind of " 1 am here; attention." lie would pause at the slightest noise, stop at the entrance of any late-comers until they were seated, when all eyes would turn upon the untortunates with reproof. 1 heard him once read at Swansea, in Wales when lie made the un fortunate mayor of the town move to the \erj verge of the platform, with the excuse he mor. ™o»j it mlded to Bell™, importance. The mayor told me fbe 'iext morning he never felt so uncomfortable in h'l 'was staying at the Westminster Hotel, New York, the end of 18<3, with Vilkie Collins, and we were talking after dinner 111 the same room Charles Dickens occupied when there. Hellew came in to say good bye." He was returning to Lug.and1 nfter his second and not very successful reading tour. He talked like a man in ill-health, and wita broken spirit. They "called Peasant memories of days spent with Dickens at home and other well known men, and of jovial gatherings; and with a promise of meeting us in London, he said Shortly after his arrival in Lngland he died, and the few friends who remained to him paid the expenses of the funeral. So ended what should have been a brilliant and most useful career. Before dying he suggested his own epitaph—sadly significant— " Oh pity me, ye my friends." It was the outcome of a wounded spirit, mourning over lost opportunities and wasted life. _ James Guthrie, the Scotch preacher, was a man of a very different type to either of the foregoing, and a most popular man in his day. He was extremely eloquent, end his appearance gave great weight to his words—he was very fond ot finding his illustrations in the action or appearance of the sea, in calm and storm—and one of the queries in i'wi-h was "What would Dr. Guthrie do if tiie sea ran dryOn one occasion I was attending a lecture of his in the great rree trade Hail, Manchester. The lecture turned on the temperance tjUesiion, and be drew a vivid picture oi the drunkard a home—the dying wife, the starving children. "Is he alone guilty ?" asked Guthrie. "No— no—1 denounce equally the dealer in the accursed drink—the trafficker in human poison, not only to the body, but to the soul of man. There shall be a curse upon the man who grows rich oil the ruin of his brothers sisters—yes ! a bitter reckoning when he stands before his God." 'I he chairman on the occasion was Alderman Mackie, at that time about the largest owner of public-houses and seller of the " poison " in the city; he was "a gross, fat man," and I never saw anyone look more uncomfortable, wriggling about, not knowing where to look. Of course ii was thoroughly enjoyed by the audience, and I dare say Dr. Guthrie felt a little uncom fortable when he learnt the trade of the chairman who had introduced him with such flattering words. I saw a strange side-light thrown upon Gavazzi, the great Italian orator, ex- priest, and companion of Garibaldi—a florid but elo quent and effective speaker. It was con ducted with the grandest church service I ever saw, and took place in the cathedral of St. Mark's, Venice. The c 1 church in itself is one ot the most interesting, 1 think, in the world. There was an array ol cardinals, archbishops, bishops, and priests — such brilliant colouring, 6uch a wealth oi gold, silver, and precious stones. It was some great church festival; incense filled the cathedral, gorgeous banners waved, the sun streamed through the old stained-glass wiu dows, and tell upon the marbles in crimson, purple, and gold ; the then newJy-married King of Italy and his wife looked down from the.royal stall; the finest singers in Italy were engaged to join in the mass and service. The preliminaries over, an old cardinal ascended the pulpit, supported by other dig nitaries of the church, and he anathematised Gavazzi. 1 had noticed the excommunica tion affixed to the. church doors on entering. From the venerable old cardinal's excessive gestures, I should soy he was delivering a good, strong, healthy curse on the apostate's head, '• He cursed him in sleeping, that every night He should dream ol the devil and wake in fright; He cursed niui in eating, he cursed iiirn in drinking; He cursed hiir. in coughing, in sneezing, in winking; lie cursed him in sitting, in standing, in lying ; He cursed him in walking, iu riding, in flying; tic cursed him in living, he cursea him in dying; Never was heard sush a terrible curse. Hut what gave rise to no little surprise, Nobody seemed cnc penny the worse 1" ! Gavazzi certainly did not. 1 met him the j next day; he was rather pleased at the dis tinction it gave him. Only the other day he died at the age of 