THEATRICAL AND MUSICAL. Row that the breathless burst for plea- sure which characterised the last few days has paused for relief, it is instructive to caBt a calm look o'er the scene and con template how gigantic has been the out- pourings to places of amusement during the holiday excitement. The theatres especially nave neen ou cne - nuige in the vain endeavor to accommodate large and excited parties of individuals who suddenly have felt themselves called upon to celebrate Eastertide by— among other amusements— Bitting as near the beaming boards as the rest of their fellow creatures and their treasury -will permit. Outside the Theatre Royal last evening for some protracted minutes previous to tho unfolding of the doors a sort of volunteer encampment appeared to be in progress, the volunteers consisting largely of ladieB, most of whom clung appealingly to the sleeve of a male crea ture, who in turn leant on his neighbor, and warded off the remainder of the multi tude until opening time. The attraotion at the Royal consists of a pantomime called "Sinbad the Sailor," which we noticed at some length in yesterday's iesne, and whioh would have been noticed just as much last Christmas only we did not see it, because it happened not to have arrived at the time, probably laboring under the impression that as Sydney is behind the times in most everything else, it would be about time enough to call around at Easter. That it has not called prematurely is evidenced by the attend ance. . i " Madame Midas " having been "hung up " (like the deficit) some several nights a gone, our old familiar piece, " Romany Bye"— ever ancient, always new— is raking in the doubloons at a fair and Bteady pace, and the gentleman whose business it is to calculate the receipts should feel much better than for some time past. Mr. Rignold and his excellent supporters in the piece are realising that they have hit the publio heart m a soft spot, and consequently feel that things are smooth, as the fat man re marked when he accidentally Bampled the floor of the skating- rink. The vision of a gorgeous dream has once more— after a long and pensive sea son of retirement— broken into radiance at the Academy of Music, and for last night we welcomed the appearance of some sterling favorites ana others whom we didn't precisely recognise as old friends, on the boards at the old hall whom many a joke made in a, , day., gone by, and by men who. are now dehd, threatened to rain general happiness l y its dire effect upon the neota? ia the neighboring hostelriee. These remarks are apropos of buried visions that filUd our mind as we weuded our walk into the Academy last evening, and, as the result proved, we obtained a pleasant surprise in common with as large and appreciative a gathering of the population as the ball could hold. The pantomime staged related to that interesting hero of our vanished early days — " Dick Whittington and his Cat." Wo are not going to elaborate on the plot, nor to worry with the details which you are obliged to follow if you desire to loarn. how Diok raised himself from being 'nobody in particular to the Lord Mayor ship of London. Of the piece itself, speak ing generally, it may be said without doubt it pleased the audience, their satis faction being manifested at frequent inter vals from start to finish. Messrs. Stanfield and South should therefore experience the feeling that arises from a sense of duty well performed when they contemplate the success whioh has attended their tfforts to ptovide a piece at once varied, brilliant, .and n musing, and not of unwieldy propor tions. . There are altogother three aots and some half dozen scenes. Into theformor the incidents that are crowded would be amazing, only for the fact that you have no time to get amazed, 83 the piece never by any chance finds a ghost of a chance to flog. The scenery is really excellent and effective, and varieB from the humble home of the huckster to the pride and panoply of the Lord Mayor's Show. Dick's dream and vision were good — especially the vision. As Dick, _Mi33 Fanny Wiseman filled her pavc_ satistaj- torily, and made, as gallant a Diok as the heroine Alice (Miss Eva ClementB) could desire. Mr. Edwin LeBter, 83 Eliza the cook, personated a female who appeared to be more than 7, in fact now and again she owned up to 14 years, not 14 stone. As Torn . Mr. D'Arcy Stanfield made a good impres sion SB a variegated dude gone wrong. He lent a strong hand to keep the fun at high 'pressure. As the Genius of Gaiety, Miss . Florence Schuler contributed some well- applauded songs of a romantic tendency, . although she doubtless found the hall not large enough for her voice. Mr. James A. South played Mrs. Fitzwarren, and Mr. Chris. JohnBton, Alderman Fitzwarren for all'those old parties were worth. Of the other parts, Mr. Harryr Bower as' Emperor of Morocco, Miss Minnie Collier as Brincess Znzo, and Misb Minnie Hope as captain of the Enterprise, made suc cesses of their parts. Among the dances that were well received was a hornpipe by little Miss. Amy Mont-ie Browne, which was executed gracefully and neatly. The ballet was well up to business, snd the scenery and general effects excellent. The topical and sentimental singers were called back many times, and altogether the piece fetched every time. The Crystal Palace Skating Academy in York- Btreet is doing good business, espe cially has it done so daring the holidays, when of an evening the plaoe- has been very largely patronised by those who desire to have a whirl round with the gay .throng on a nice smooth patent skating surface. The building last evening wore an animated appearance, a a some hun dreds of persons on the rollers went round and round in a delightfully easy fashion to the Etrains of an effioient band. Mo. A. F. Smith has greatly improved the Crystal Palace rink. It is now lighted with some hundreds of electrio jets, whioh makes the bnilding look very pretty. The floor has been paved with a beautiful patent composition, whioh is an improve ment on the boards. A competent staff of instructors are in attendance at all times to assist beginners in the art of skating. Last evening the manager, Mr. A. F. Smith, gave an entertainment of scientific and character skating whioh was thoroughly enjoyable. He performed some new and difficult movements, and waB applauded for his exhibition. The Crystal Palace is a popular place, being situated as it is in the centre of tho ci- y and easily reached. Tho manager has m number of attractions on hand whioh will be placed before tho public as opportuui y arises! That elegant and cosy temple of amu-< merit, the Criterion, is for the present d - voted to a piece with the fragrant name, "Sweet Lavender," in which Mr. Frank Thornton, as Dick Phenyl, induces an audience of large dimensions to obliterate the cares and sorrows of a weary world and wander with him into the hilarious vicissi tudes of a play that bends you into glad- sc-meneES at abrupt and brief interval. Mr. Dick Phenyl is a person whose vices "lean to virtue's side," and whose mission is to make you laugh. See if he dou't. The very large number of people who \- paid a visit to the popular Elite Rink, in Bedford and Elizabeth streets, had . a very enjoyable time last night. The building had been newly decorated for the holidays, ahd the management have been repaid for the trouble and expense they \- have gone 'to by the large attendances which nightly throng the rink. Every body who': has paid one visit to this link will go again. The skates UEed- are the "Winslow Vineyard Lever-Clamp skates, which are said to be the best in the world. Special /attractions had been arranged for Easter ' Monday night, when there were some hundreds of visitors gliding around and amusing themselves in this popular faEhion. Mr. M. J. Smith gave ; || amusing act entitled "The Mashing Duoe on Skates," which brought forth roars of laughter. Another funny act, entitled ""What ia it?" was also given by Mr. Smith. An exhibition of doub'.e and single and fancy Bkating was given by Mica Phoebe Levy and Mr. M. J. Smith! A special programme has been arranged fcr to-night, when the commander and officers of H.I.M.S. Olga will pay a visit to the rink. ' A large programme of amusements had been arranged to be carried out at the Coogee Palace Aquarium, and there w.ro attractions of one kind and another to keep the attention of the visitors to the grounds from 10 o'clock in the morning until 11 o'clock at night. There was something of allkindB to suit the taBto of all, both old and young. The pros pect of having a good day's outing qnd thoroughly enjoying themselves took H great crowd of people out to Ooogee on Monday, and they came away in the after noon or evening perfectly satisfied and tired out with the day's pleasure. Mr. Stopford knows exaotly what will p'esai the people at the Coogee Aquarium, an he makes up a programme whioh can not be beaten for variety. There were amusements inside the bnilding and. out . side the building. The Northean Territory warriors showed- their skill in spea throwing, and the donkeys had a lively time of it, beinp kept on the move all day. There was singing and other amusements in the main hall, besides the many permanent attractions of the place. The wonderful performer on the wire rope went through his olever aot. Whenever there is an opportunity of placing an attractive programme of amuse ments before the publio the management cf the Manly Aquarium is not behind the time. The delightful trip down the harbor takes only a little over half an hour, and everybody who goes down to this favorite watering place mnst of neces sity pay a visit to the pretty little aquarium, whioh for artistio arrangements is not easy to equal. The collec tion of fish is very fine. The seals disport in a pretty little bower which has been so nicely ar rang id as to take the fancy of everyone who eaters it. There were amusements in the m tin hall on Monday, and the attendance at the aqnarin'm all day was very large. A first- class concert, nndei the clever management ' of Hany Montague, was . much appre ciated. 