LONDON IN FOG From the Daily News.) The first, the most striking, the essential characteristic of fog in London is that it creates in the very midst of its five millions the silent affect the mysterious stifled hum" which London's central road produces at distances of many miles. Mum's the word; they creep about cautiously, gingerly-if that be an adverb and if one joke. to his fellow, he does not expect to hear a responsive laugh, but rather does he stretch his hand out and feel his fellow's cheek, to ascertain whether his joKe hath taken. To the I Londoner who dwells near a railway line the advent of the fog announces itself-and in his slum- bers sometimes by the sound of booming, like the dull thud of guns in a city under siege. 'Tis the fog signal of the ingenious railwayman. Sometimes the < fog-signal means though the company don't mean it that if you must go to town, you will leave much time, temper, and strong speech by going on foot. If one could order a London firm for any particular hour, most people (of anon conventional temperament) would choose breakfast time. Let us have illusion all round topsy- turvy dom universal. Our watch-when we step out into what was once a street-says 10 a.m. ; the scenes around us, though from the nature of things it cannot serve as a dial-plate, says 10 p.m. True, we collide with the postman feeling his way from door to door, but there is a late night delivery. Rows of gas jets, hissing blue and white, finn) over heaps of carrots, cabbages, and apples in the greengrocers'' windows ; but wooers, green and otherwise, usually keep late hours. We are on London Bridge. It parapet is visible three yards off ; is tangible ; has what a Y ankes would, under the circumstances, be sure to call a "healthy" solidity. But solidity resting upon what? For sheer over our three yards of solid stone, onwards, downwards, upwards, nought is, save the " illimitable inane," yellow white and opaque. The tall ships are not, nor the storied Tower, nor the dome with its golden cross; only the tawny weltering fog," involving "the passive city," strangling it alive," drawing it off into the void," Spires, bridges, streets, and squares, as if a sponge Had wiped out London. So says our poetess, Mrs. Browning, one of the minority of London folk who have seen London. Our London having been thus wiped out, there comes Jehu - Psychopompos with a cargo of ghosts for ghost land. He and his coach, magnified to gigantic BRO, gradually grow out of the tawny yellow. As he passes within cane-length of us we descry Psy- chaperons, dimly, seated on his box. Indistinguish- able individually, his ghosts are a higgledy-piggledy splotch of spectral grey-black, upon that vague ground of opaque yellow-white. Every mother's son among them (they all once had mothers) has paid Psycho- pompous (now in Charon's business his obol. There stands a belated ghost-mute, waving a black thing like a phantom umbrella. Psychopompos hooded him not. Perhaps Psychopompos is " full 10 ghosts inside, 14 out. Yet the belated one follows, as if im- lovingly, still waving that phantom umbrella (?), and as" he receives he seems to expand to a preternatural size, until he vanishes, the gods only know whither. And down below flows Chnron's river, though with our fleshly eyes we cannot see it. But there a light glimmers, and a muffled ghost voice Bounds in the depths. Old, I Charon at his work, carrying his boatload let us hope to comfortable quarters. 1 We take our stand on the lofty basement, and be tween the pillars, of the Mansion House. And we look for the Royal Exchange- the "hub" of the Universe. Gone, wiped out. But it has left behind it the strangest spectacle in befogged London. The philosophers, when they would persuade us to take life seriously, ask us "Ohwhonce" and "On whither," and they speak of human life as a kind of swallow flight between one eternity and another. If they I wanted to drive their moral into a thick-skinned race, they could not do it more effectually than by the black and white illustration object lesson of the Bank in a fog. Those never-ending streams of human beings issue from no whence and vanish no whither. They are like the silent gliding stream of Thames, when the " fog counterpane" THROW for a space. And as the fog round the " hub" of the world was somewhat translucent, the multitudes of creatures, silently groping about, look as if they were at blind man's buff. Then the " tawny, weltering" fog wipe them out again. The buses, magnified to colossal size, loom suddenly on the sight, like liners in, the fog of mid- Atlantic. And the skippers-we mean the drivers, wonderfully smart f Hello wa - steer can tiously in nautical phrase, they " slow" to avoid collision. When they " sing out" to each other, it is as if they talked from the bottom of a barrel. If the fog lasts all day one discovers that it evening and that night is approaching only by the gradual cessation, and the final stoppage of the stream of humanity. But in the Strand the sudden bright flash of silks and jewellery under the electric lamps, as carriages land their fair inmates at the theatre doors, is sufficient proof that the time is 8 p.m., and not any other hour between 9 and 24 o'clock. Two other electric lamps one high up, the other low down, and each belonging to a watchdog of civilisation"-nnnounco in Fleet street that it is not daytime, but night-time. There are one or two fog- effects of London so very beautiful that it would be criminal to leave them unnoticed. The first is an effect in which frost, and not sodden smoke, is the magician element. It is to be seen at early morning upon the trees of the London squares and the London parks. Seven o'clock morning courage in mid- " winter is a rare virtue ; but the man or woman who exercises it, for the sake of seeing this effect, will have his or her reward. Immersed in their thin gauze of mist, and completely encrusted stem, branch, and twig with white frost jewellery, the trees suggest the fanciful picture of coral forest is a transparent sea. Those who have voyaged to the East, and touched at Arabian ports, and looked into the water beneath their noses, will recognise the resemblance. Still, the resemblance is only partial because England in mid-winter is not a land of the san. 'And for the truer and donner resemblance one may go to Morris-not the illustrious William, but Lewis-and his " Epic of Hades;" and the London garden, under its transparent veil of frosting, will become a picture - of the pale under- world. But perhaps only until the : hour when the sun is due for the sun of Hades should himself be pale as a ghost, whereas the London sun of frost and fog may rise over the city in red splendour like some Druldlo Idol's fiery brass, With fixed, uuiiickcrtnrr outline of dead beat. The second scene, in the way of fog-beauty, which London presents is to be witnessed in unlovely Blooms bury. Considering the already crowded state of the British Museum reading-room, it may seem inconsiderate to hint that, in a winter's fog, it is a sight worth travelling a hundred miles to look at before the electric innovation, only a single lantern was admitted in the reading- room, and it darted Its light about in suspicious bull's-eye fashion, as if it said that " Him as prigs what isn't hair, When he's ketches he's put in pris n." A gentleman who became Pope of Rome, under the name of Innocent (that was the joke of it was caught prigging a book as wasn't his'n; and he was kicked downstairs by its late owner. The volume was hardly worth taking." If a Cardinal Bishop, and future Pope, yielded to temptation, why might not some befogged maniac in the reading-room P However, the solitary lantern of the reading-room has been superseded by five electric lamps. In the dense fog of yesterday they looked like a miniature constellation. As their suspending rods and other apparatus were in- visible, the great brilliant lights appeared to float un- supported in their transparent, dense atmosphere of faintly luminous grey. Punizzi's vast dome had disappeared. Every reader had abundance of light on his square patch of desk ; but to every one, most of his fellow readers within even a few yards of him were only vaguely visible, while the attendants inside the central counter looked like the colossal ghosts we have already seen elsewhere. As the fog cleared away, the circle of windows overhead became gradually defined first lightening into a brightish grey opening, as it were, like eyes. The gilding of the galleries showed its first faint glow. The arching ribs of the dome grew distinct, producing, as they swept inwards, through the slowly dissolving mist, the impression of. vast height. Recently a number of inspectors were despatched by the United States Government to Florida to ascertain the sanitary condition of the towns in that State, and also whether yellow fever prevailed in them or not. The reports have now been published, and they reveal a state of things which accounts for the prevalence of yellow fever epidemics in Florida, At one place, called: Macleay, where the fever prevailed, the streets are described as covered with heaps of decaying sawdust and garbage every description, the drains were obstructed, and unoccupied lots were overgrown with weeds and rank vegetation. The yards of the houses were filled likewise with garbage, and no organised measures had been adopted to ameliorate the un- sanitary condition of the town. Ever) where lime was profusely sprinkled. The site of the town is a low, flat, sandy plateau, without sufficient elevation to give effective drainage, and the surrounding pine forests were interspersed with a series of marshes and alluvial basins. No attention had been given to the removal of excreta, or their proper disinfection. The water supply was most unwholesome, and the general atmospheric condition resulting from such foul surroundings was such as to propagate infectious matter. The sick and dying were found huddled together in small rooms with doors and windows closed, and the floors sprinkled with a variety of disinfectants. a The oppressive odour of disinfectants," writes one of the inspectors, mingling with the close atmosphere of the sick rooms, laden with the emanations from the excreta and ejects of the patients, together with the dreadful visages of the dying, was shocking to every sense, and the scene well calculated to appal the stoutest heart. I have seldom witnessed a more pitiable and melancholy sight than that presented to my view in my house-to-house inspection through this desolate scourge swept town." In one case there were 189 cases out of an actual population of 195 remaining ; U whites died, ICO being attacked, and 20 negroes. - - 