IE MS HI Wffl. I did not know you had- bo much poetry in your composition,' observed Mrs.- Anstruther languidly. Leila Marsden. arransred the delicate lace at her wrist with an air of abstraction. ' Hbis very good-looking, and he rides splendidly,5 she said, 4 and he — or— he does love me to distrac tion, you know.' 4 As many others probably will do before your time is over, my -dear ; but that has no tiling to do with the case. You must get married!, and. Temple is just the man for you. As for the other one, he'll get over it in time they always do. Ton are surely not going to trouble your silly little head", about him ?' Miss Marsden rose and walked across the room to the verandah. ' Fil think about it,' ' she said, half turning in the doorway to glance back at her sister. I'll think about it, and- I'll makeup my mind this evening. There ! I can't promise more than that,, can I, Rose ? You are satisfied, aren't you?' 4 Yes, I am satisfied,' replied; Mrs. Anstru- ther ; and, as she dossed through the long after noon that followed, she allowed her sister to figure very prominently in her dreams as the wife of Major Temple Ar burton, of the - — Hussars, and future baronet. Sizirabad is famous for its pretty girls ; but prettiest and most striking of all was Leila Marsden at the race ball that night. 4 Race ball' is, perhaps, too big a term to be properly applied to it ; but the arrival of a couple of regiments ©n their way to the frontier had .Marred, up Sizirabad to sports on three days of the week,, the race hall intervening. You'll coine down to - see the finish to morrow, Miss Marsden.?' asked Tommy Campbell, the wit- of Sizirabad, as he strolled up to Leila that evening and asked her for. a dance. There's the cup race coming off, you know, and the ladies' handicap, and the race "Willougbby rides to vein— the one with the ladv as prize.' 'What do you mean :' asked Leila, Laurfi- / q — nig. ' He means the ladies' prize race,' said Major Arburton, standing close behind her, and glowering at Campbell over her shoulder. ' And is Mr. Wiiloughby quite likely to win it ?' asked Leila, somewhat indifferently. The betting is all on him ; but he's got a ticklish mount, and I don't like that left-hand corner of the course. "With a pulling horse and a vicious brute into the bargain,. you stand a rare chance of jumping the hedge and dis appearing down the precipice. Can't imagine why they don't arrange things better in this outlandish land ; but then I never have seen the advantages of India. Beg your pardon. Miss Marsden, didn't mean a pun.' And he disappeared among the dancers with a comical look on his face, while Leila laughed forcedly and turned to her partner. 4 How odd he is !' she said. ' By the wav, what horse is Mr. Wiiloughby going to ride to morrow in the ladies' race ?' ' One of mine— Mazeppa. You seem to take a great interest in that fellow Willougby' (jealously). ' Not at all. He is rather a friend of my sis ter's,' replied Leila carelessly. 'Are not you going to ride in this interesting race. Major Ar. burton 'r' 'If you wish it (very tenderly), and if my weight will allow of it' (doubtfully). The mixed sentiment jarred on Leila ; but he was rich, in a good regiment, with excellent prospects. What mattered it that he was far beyond thirty, and no longer so slim as he had been F It was a good match for a penniless girl, and he had no choice, and so, long before the evening was over, people were whispering to gether concerning Miss Marsden and Major Ar. burton, and a report flew about that he haft proposed and been accepted. The truth or otherwise of such statements was not to be read on Leila's face. To all out ward observance she was as calm and haughty and beautiful as ever. None knew that she looked at her programme over and over again, to make sore that there was no. mistake, and that the initials ' C. C. W.' scrawled against the fifteenth valse made her await that dance with a sickening heart. It came at last. The band struck up the strains of a well-known valse, the room began to fill, and presently Leila Marsden, with paler cheeks than usual, and a strange beatingof the heart, was floating round with Charlie Wii loughby as partner. ' Shall we sit the rest out r he asked, when they paused at length. Leila bent her head in assent, and they passed out of the room on to the long, low ver andah, somewhat to the dismay of her sister, who had watched them eagerly while together. The moonlight threw the girl's pale face and tall, slight figure into strong relief against the dark verandah background. Charlie Wiiloughby leaned' against a pillar overrun with creeper, and looked at her fixedly. He made ho excuse for himself, nor did lie break the silence between them. His eyes searched her face as though he would read there what he dared not trust him self to hear. Presently Leila spoke. Her voice sounded faint and far away, even to herself. ' I hear,' she said pleadingly, ' that you are going to ride a very vicious horse tomorrow in the ladies' prize race. Please don't ride it ; please do not.' ' And I hear that you are engaged to marry Major Arburton' (without the slightest refer ence to her appeal). ' Is that true, Leila, oris it not ?' She looked down and/traced a little pattern on the stone floor with her foot. Is it true, or is it not? he repeated fiercely. She lifted her eyes to his, and saw there the passion which trembled in his voice. 'Don't be angry; oh, do not! she cried, putting up her handTwith a depreciating gesture; ' they have made me do it. I am a burden to my sister, you know; and I couldn't stand it any longer ; and he is not so bad ; but I love you the best — oh, so much the best ! You know it ; only I— I— I am so miserable. 'Doubtless,' he said gravely, never for an instant removing his eyes from the fair, piteous face ; ' so am I— very . miserable, so have I been : for the past month ; but my misery doesn't seem to touch you much. So you are going to marry this Croesus, this elderly future baronet, and tarow mepver quite, are you, Leila r She twisted and untwisted her liamfa nervously, 'bat made ho reply. ' Ami you are good enough to take sufficient interest in me to wish mie not to- break my neck to-morrow?5 _ Shewas still- silent. ' Very good; Then listen to me. I ride to morrow, and I ride to win, and. yon are .to be theorize. Yes, you — do not look so startled — you I I ride to win, or I ride to— never mind that part of fee business. If I win I shall con sider you mine in spite . of aH fee Major Afburtons in the world. If not— do ybu under stand the alternative, Leila ?' She bent her head. Gould she avoid under standing it? __ 4 It lies with you,' he went onsteadilv. ' know my horse, you know the racecourse, you know me. If to-morrow before starting you bid me ride to win, very good ; if not — The music Las-begun again. Shall I take you back . to your elderlv future baronet? My dear. Leila, what nonsense ! cried Mrs. Amtaxffisr. 'TKub your cheeks, child, aud drink this. wine. You loofcaa white as a ghost j and about as unhappy ;. Noigu to the races ! You will have everyone, saying it is all off. just as it ia all on. It is too aggravating, of pa really,' ; It was fee day folk) wing, the ball. . Leila,, in her sister's room, was utterly refusing - to accbmpanyher to the racecouxe, andequally positive in.' her refusal to see. Major Arburton. ' I know what ft is;' Mrs; Anstruther went on angrily ; f that boy has been.- talking noii- sense to yout It was- too fbelish of tou to give Mm a dance last night. If I had known df it I should have taken you home, most- cer tainly.' .... 'He did not talk nonsense, ami he "is not foolish, nors ha a boy,' cried Leila, vehe mently and then she gave way, and relapsed into copious weeping, At any rate, he is only a sub -lieutenant, and' cannot possibly have more than five, hundred a year, .and what is more, he- doesn't mean it seriously with you. If you throw over Major Arhurtonnowyou will be throwing him over tot a mere shadow. . Everybody knows what a flirt Charlie Wiiloughby is; He makes love to every . . girl he meets.' ! ' That isn't true !' exclaimed Leila with an effort at drying her tears. - H'm ! How about Fanny Hope, and brn=» or two others I could mention ?' Silence. ' And how about his debts ?' Silence. " And his gambling— and feafcaefcress, and— — ' Leila sprang to her feet. 4 1 won't listen any more!' she cried. ' Id© carefor him, in& I hate Major Arburton; and I won't marry him, and I will not go to the races to- day.' Mrs. Anstruther grew pale. She felt her last Chance, was going." ' Then I shall have to re mind you, she said, firmly, that I cannot support all my brothers and sisters all their lives. I did my best for Nell, and I am doing my best for you. You seem to forget that I have children of my own to be brought up. I counted on your marrvinsr as soon as possible. I did not count on your throwing up a reason able chance.' It was cruel, but it had its effect. Leila turned very white, then she moved to the door. ' I will go with you,' she said, scarcely above a whisper. « s The ladies' prize race was the next on to programme. Considerable excitement pro vailed among the fair sex as to who would wis; it. Leila alone sat calm and unmoved among the spectators. She did not seem to hear 01 see anything,, till suddenly there was a little stir and hustle, and murmurs, of ' Of. course he'll win.' 'He's sure of the race,' .I fed inclined to congratulate you already, Mr. Wiiloughby, you look so like winning,' etc. The hero of the race took little notice of such like remarks. He made his way to Leila and bent low over her. ' Which is it to he ?' he asked. For an instant earth and sky reeledround her, then her brain cleared, and she saw his face, resolute, handsome, desperate. She hesitated for one instant, then she spoke : ' Ride to win.' The words were so low lis could scarcely hear them, but when he turned away there was a smile in his eyes. The horses and their riders were drawn up in a line. Leila 6trained her eyes to watch every movement of black and white, Mr. Willoughby's colours. Mazeppa fidgeted and caught at the bit. There was some little delay, then the flag was dropped ; they, were off. At first breathless silence, then growing excitement. The. course was a small one, and the race was to be run - twice round. Major Arburton, who had not taken part in it, uttered a ' Thank God !' as Mazeppa passed the dangerous corner in safety for the first time. 4 Blue's to the front ; no, yellow's pushing up ; no, that's Meldon. Stick to it Meldon. Willoughby's passed him. By Jove ! he's got his work cut out for Mm with that horse. Now they're neek and neck. Good race. No, Willoughby's gaining; no, Meldon; no — by heaven !' A scream from one of the ladies, a general consternation in the grand stand, a sudden cessation of interest in the race. Charlie Wiiloughby rode to win, but the providence he had dared revenged itself on him. Mazeppa had forced the bit between his teeth, shied away from the course, and, leaping the frail protec tion of a hedge which separated it from the side of the Mil, had disappeared with his rider. 'It was a narrow shave, and no mistake, said Charlie Wiiloughby, going over tire story for the hundredth time with his wife the second month of their marriage. ' But the best part of it all was when I knelt down beside you and would not leave you,' laughed Leila. 'I shall never forget Major Arhurton's face, nor his wordt next day, when he told me all was over between us, and that the best thing I could do, after having made such an exhibition of myself, was to many " that young puppy." ' 4 No,' said her husband tenderly ; ' the best . part of it ail was that I rode to win, and that I did win— what I most wanted — my wife.'— London World, Now and again a Blight lifting of the veil which, hides toe gloomy life of the wretched exile beyond the Siberian frontier shows us how pathetic is the alternation of joy and sorrow is the political convict's existence. A Tobolsk journal briefly describes the marriage ceremony between a former Russian officer condemned to ten years' hard labour m the mines and lif&-lon« banishment and a young and beautiful gtri possessing an ample fortune in her own right, who had faithfully and wearily followed the footsteps of her lover. The bridegroom was brought to the altar of the prison chapel in the soiled grey clothes of a miner, his. ankles bound by chains revetted to the iron waistband. The marriage ceremony over, husband and wife bade each other a sad . but hopeful farewell — he to return to his gloomy, toilsome life, and she to wait wearily until her husband obtains the freedom of a colonist. What the Tobolsk journal doeanot tell nam how uncertain is the prospect that the coarict bridegrooms will ever survive the cruel hardships ©£ hia tm of labour in the mines. Knowing, also, what we do of Siberian penal s&ttbipfliitaafld; wtt inorsUfl of their administrators, we are left to our own. reflections asto the added torture of mind this wretehed convict must endure through fears for his young wife safety 