A Rardy Norseman, Br EDNA LYALL. A.rtor of "Dooms.," "We Tae," "In Ue Gotode oap," "Xnght-Ersolm ," e, CHAPTER XXXIX. -Continued. Bn though she tried in this way to take the edge off her pleasure she could not do it. Afterwards might take care of itself. There was no possibility of realising it now, she would enjoy to the full just the I present that was hers, the long talks with Frithiof, the delightful sense of fellowship with him, the mutual enjoyment of that exquisite valley. And so they drove on, past Ask, with its lovely trees and its rippling river, past the lofty .omsdalshorn, past the Troltin derne, with their weird outline looming up against the blue sky like the battle ments and pinnacles of some magic city. About the middle of the day they reached Horgheim, where it had been arranged thattheysholdspendthonight. Frithiof was in a mood to find everything beau tiful, he even admired the rather bare- t looking posting-station, just a long, brown, wooden horuse with a high flight of steps "o the door, and arofoen elehe s-eler.--0 the doorstep lay a fine white and tabby g eat, which he declared he could remember t years before when they had visited the f "And that is very possible," said the landlady, with a pleased look. "For we have had him these fourteen years." Every one crowded round to look at 1 this antiquated cat. "What is his name ? " asked Cecil, speaking in Norse. S His name is Mons," said the landlady, I "Mons Horgheim." They all laughed at the thought of a cat with a surname, and then came a general dispersion' in quest of rooms. Cecil and Swanhild chose one which looked out across a grassy elope to the I river; the Rauma just at this part is very I still, and of a deep green colour; beyond were jagged, grey mountains, and the t moraine of a glacier covered here and< there with birch and juniper. Half-a. dozen little houses with grass-grown roofs nestled at the foot. and near them were I sweet-smelling hayfields and patches of E golden corn. They dined merrily on salmon, wild strawberries, and cream, and then a walk I was proposed. Cecil, however, excused herself, saying that she had letters to write home, and so it chanced that Frithiof and Sigrid had what did not often fall [to their lot in those days, the chance of a quiet talk. " What is wrong with you, dear old boy J" she said; for since they had left Horgheim she could not but notice that he had grown grave and absorbed. "Nothing," he said, with rather a forced laugh. But, though he tried to resume his usual manner and talked with her and teased her playfully, she knew that he had something on his mind, and, half-hopefully, half-fearfully, made one more attempt to win his confidence. "Let us rest here in the shade," she said, settling herself comfortably under a silver birch. "Roy and Swanhild walk at such a pace. that I think we will let them have the first view of the Mongefos." He threw himself down on the grass beside her, and for a time there was silence. "You did not sleep last night," she eHow do you know thatl" he said, his colour rising a little. " Oh, I know it by your forehead. You were worrying over sometlhing. Come, confess." He sat up and began to speak abruptly. "I want to ask you a question, ' he said, looking up the valley beyond her and avoiding her eyes. "Do you think a man has any business to offer to a woman a love which is not his first passion ? " "At one time I thought not," said Sigrid. "But as I grew older and understood things more it seemed to me different. I think there would be few marriages in the world if we made a roule of that sort. -And a woman who really loved would lose sight of all selfish ness and littleness and jealoey just be cause of the strength of her love." He turned and looked straight into her eyes. "And if I were to tell Cecil that I loved her, do you think that she would at any rate listen to me l" "I am not going to say 'yes' or 'no' to that question," said Sigrid, suddenly bending forward and giving him a kiss-a salute almost unknown between a Nor wegian brother and sister-" but I will say instead, 'Go and try.'" "You think, then-" She sprang to her feet. "I don't think at all," she said laugh ingly. "Good-bye. Iam going to meet the others at the Mhongefos, and you you are going bhack to Horgheim. Adje." She waved her hand to him and walked resolutely away. He watched her out of sight, then fell back again to his former position on the grass, and thought. She had told him nothing, and yet somehow had brought to him a most wonderful sense of rest and peace. Presently he hot up, and began to re tmra his steps along the valley. CHAPTER XL. THE afternoon was not so clear as the morning had been, yet it had a beauty of its own which appealed to Frithiof very strongly. The blue sky had changed to a soft pearly grey, all round him rose grave, majestic mountains, their summits clear against the pale background, but wreatlhs of white mist clinging about their sides in fantastic twists and curves which bridged over huge yawning chasms and seemed to join the valley into a great amphitheatre. The stern grey and purple rocks looked hardly real, so softened were they by the luminous summer haze. Here and there the white snow gleamed coldly in long deep crevices, or in broad clefts o here from year's end to year's end it remained un melted by sun or rain. On each side of the road there was a wilderness of birch and fir and juniper bushes, while in the far distance could be heard the MIongefos with its ceaseless sound of many waters, repeated on either hand by the smaller waterfalls. Other sound there .was none save the faint tinkle of cowbells or the rae song of the little black and white wagtails, which seemed ,the only birds in the valley. Suddenly he perceived a little further along the road a slim figure leaning against -?o tancs,.oh£ol a.of a;uWas .dress, the gleam of light-brown haluiinder a sealskin travelling cap. His heart began to boat fast, he strode on more quickly, and Cecil, hearing footsteps, looked up. "I had finished my letter and thought I would come out to explore a little," she said, as he joined her. "You have come back " " Yes," he said, "I have come back to you." Sheglanced athimquestioningly,startled by his tone, but before his eager look her eyelids dropped, and a soft glow of colour suffused baher face. "Cecil," he said, "do you remember what you said years ago about men who worked hard to make their fortune and then retired, and were miserable because they had nothing to do?"" "Oh yes," she said, "I remember it very well, and have often seen instances of it." "I am like that now," he continued. " ]y work seems over, and I stand at the threshold of a new life. It was you who saved me from ruin in my old life- will you be my helper flowl" " Do you tlink I really could help " she said wistfully. He looked at her gentle eyes, at her pure, womanly face, and he knew that his life was in her hands. "I do not know," he said gravely. "It depends on whether you could love me whether you will let me speak of my love for you." Then, as he paused, partly because his Englishwordswould not come veryreadily, partly in hope of some sign of encourage ment from her, she turned to him with a face which shone with heavenly light. "There must never be any secrets between us," she said, speaking quite simply and directly. "I have loved you ever since you firstcame to us-yearsago." It was nothing to Frithiof that they were standing at the aide of the king's highway-he had lostall sense of time and place-thie world only contained for him the woman who loved him-the woman who let him clasp her in his strong arm let him press her sweet face to his. And still from tie distance came the sound of many waters, and the faint tinkle of the cowbells and the song of the little black and white birds. The grave grey mountains seemed like strong and kindly friends who sheltered themand shut them in from all intrusion of the outer world, but they were so entirely absorbed in each other that they had not a thought forany thing else. " With you shall have courage tobegin life afresh," he said after a time. "-"To have tle right to lore you-to be always with you- that will be everything to me." And then, as he thought of her true hearted confession, he tried to understand ai little better the unseen ordering of his life, and he lorved to think that those weary years had been wasted neither on him nor on Cecil herself. He could not for one moment doubt that her pure, unselfish love had again and again shielded him from eril, thatall through his English life with its hard struggles and bitter suffer ings her love had in some unknown way been his safeguard, and that his life, crippled by the faithlessness of a woman, ad by awoman also been redeemede. All his old morbid craving for death had gone -lhe eagerly desired a long life that he tnighut live with her, work for her, shield her from care, 1fill up to the best of his power what was incomplete in her life. "I shall have a postscript to add to my letter," msaid Cecil presently, looking up at him with the radiant smile which he so loved to see on her lips. "What a very feminine one it will be l We say, you know, in England that a woman's post eript is the most important part of her letter." "Will your father and mother ever spare you to me 1" said Fritliof. S "They will certainly welcome you as their son," she replied. "ntd trf and hIrs. Horncr" sug gested Frithiof mischievously. But at the thought of the consternation of her worthy cuoains Cecil could do nothing but lan?h. "Never mind," she said, "they have always disapproved of me as much as they have of you ; they will perhaps say that it is after all a highly suitable arrngement I" "l wonder whether Swanhild will say the same?" said Frithiof with a smile; "here she comes hurrying home alone. Will you wait by the river and let me just tell her my good news?" - He walked along the road to meet his sister, who, spite of added years and inches, still retained much of her child likeness. "Why are you all alone?" he said. "Oh, three is no fun," said Swanhild. " When Roy and Sigrid are out on a holiday they are just like lovers, so I came back to you." "What will you say when I toll you that I am betrothed," he said teazingly. She looked up in his face with some alarm. " You are only making fun of me," she protested. "On tihe contrary, I am stating the soust serious of facts. Come, I wantyour congratulations." "But who are you betrothed to?" asked Swanhild bewildered. "Can it be to Madale? And, oil dear, what a horrid time to chose for it-you will be just no good at alL Irelly do think you might have waited till the end of the tour. " It might possibly have been managed if you had spoken sooner," said Frithiof with mock gravity, "but you come too late--the deed is done." "`Well, I shall have Ceocil to talk to, so after all it doesn't much matter," said Swanhild graciously. "But unfortunately she also has be come betrothed," said Frithiof, watching the bewildered little face with keen pleasure, and seeing the light of percep tion suddenly dawn on it. Swanhild caught his hand in hers. "You don't mean--" she began. " Oh, yes," said Frithiof, "but I do mean it very much indeed. Come," and he hurried her down the grassy slope to the river. "I shall tell Cecil every wsrd you have been saying." Then, ar she rose to meet them, he said with a laugh, "This selfish child thinks we eglght put it off till the end of the tour for her special benefit." "No, no," cried Swaonld, flying to wards Cecil with outstretched arms. "I never knew it was to you he was be throthed-and you could never be that horrid, moonykind who are always sitting alone together in corners." At which ingenious congratulation they all laughed so immoderately that Mons Horgheim the cat was roused from his afternoon nap on the steps of the station, and after a preliminary stretch strolled down towards the river to see what was the matter, and to bring the sobriety and accumulated wisdom of his fourteen years to bear upon the situation. "Ah, well," said Swvanhild, with a comical gesture, "there is clearly nothing for me but, as they say in Italy, to stay at home and nurse the cat." And catching up the astonished Mfons, she danced away, eager to be tihe first to tell the good news to Roy and Sigrid. "It will he really very convenient," she remarked, to the infinite amusement of her elders. "'We shall not lose Frithioff at all; he will only have to move across to Rowan Tree House." And ultimately that was how matters arranged themselves, so that the house wlhich had sheltered Frithiof in his time of trouble became his home in this time of his prosperity. He had not rushed all at once into full light and complete maniood and lasting happiness. Very slowly, very gradually, the life that had been plunged in dark ness had emerged into faint twilight as he had struggled to redeem his father's name; then, by degrees, the brightness of dawn had increased, and sometimes helped, sometimes hindered by the lives which had come into contact with his own, he had at length emerged into clearer light, till, after long waiting, the sen had indeed risen. As Swanhild had prophesied, they were by no means selfish lovers, and, far from spoiling the tour, their happiness did much to add to its success. Cecil hardly knew which part of it was most delightful to her, tie return to Molde and the pilgrimage to the quaint little jewelier's shop where they chose two plain gold betrothal rings such as are always used in Norway; or tihe merry journey to the Geiranger; or the quiet days at Oldiren, in that lovely valley with the river curvingand bending its way between wooded banks, and the rampart of grand, craggy mountains with snowy peaks, her own special mountain, as Frithiof called Cecilienrone, dominating all. It was at Oldijren that she saw for tihe first time one of the prettiest sights in Norw-ay-a country wedding. Tihe chiann ing bride, Penmilia, in her silver-gilt crown and bridal ornaments, had her heartiest symSyathy, and Frithiof, happening to catch silghmt of the tiddler standing idly by the churchyard gbte when the ceremony was over, brought him into the hotel and set every one dancing. Anna Rasmusen, the clever and charming manager of thle inn, volunteered to try the spring dats with Halfstan, the guide. The hamlet was searched for dancers of the mallfg, and the women showed them the pretty jelofer and the treater. By degrees all the population of the place crowded in as spectators, and soon Johannes andPernilla, the brideand bride groom, made their way through the throng, and, each carrying a decanter, approached the visitors, shook hands with them, and begged that they would drink their health. There was something strangely simple and charming about the whole thing. Such a scene could have been found in no other country save in grand, free old Nor way, where false standards of worth are abolished, and where mutual respect and equal rights bind each to each in true brotherhood. The dayafter the wedding theyspentit the ]rixdals glacier, rowing all together UIp the lake, but afterwards separating, Frithiof and Cecil walking in advance of the others up the beautiful valley. "There will soon be a high-road to this glacier,"saidFrithiof, "butI am glad they are only beginning it now, and that we have this roogh path." And Cecil was glad too. She liked the scramble and the little bit of climbing needed here and there; she loved to feel the streneth and protection of Frithiof's hand as he led her over the rocks and boulders. At last, aftera longwalk, they reached a smooth, grassy oasis, shaded by silver birches and bordered by a river ; beyond, the Brixdalsbrae gleamed white through the trees, with here and there ex quisite shades of blue visible in the ice even at that distance. " This is just like the land of Beulah," said Cecil, smiling, "and the glacier is the celestial city. How wonderful those broken pinnacles of ice are!" "Look at these two little streams run ning side by side for so long and at last joining," said Frithiof. " They are like our two lives. For so many years you have been to me as we should say, fortralig." "What does that mean ?" she asked. S"It is untranslateable," he said. "It is that in which one puts one's trust and confidence, but more besides. It means exactly what you have always been tome." Cecil looked down at the little bunchof forget-me-nots andlilies of the valley-the Norwegian national flowers with which Frithiof loved to keep her supplied-and the remembrance of all that she had bornoe during these five years came back to her, and by contrast made the happy present yet sweeter. "I think," she said, "I should like Signor Donati to know of our happiness; he was the firetwho quite understood you." "Yes,Immust writetohim," aidFrithiof. "There is no man to whom I owes more." And thinking of the Italian's life and character and of his own past, he grew silent. "Do you know," he said at length, "there is one thing I want you to do for me. I want you to give me back my regard for the Sogne once more. I want, on our.way home, just to pass Balholm agaLn." And so one day it happened that they found themselves on the well-remembered fjord, and coming upon deck wlhen dinner was over, saw that already the familiar scenes of the Frithiiof?sa were comin -intowview.- _- _ "Look look " said Frithiof. "There, far in front of us is the Kvinnafos, looking like a thread of white on the dark rock; and over to the right is Framnaes ?" Cecil stood beside him on the upper deck, and gradually the scene unfolded. They saw the little wooded peninsula, the lovely mountains round the Fjaerlands fjord, 3funoeggen itself, with much more snow than during their last visit, and then, oice again, King DBole's grave, and the nottered cottages, with their red-tiled roofs, and the familiar hotel, somewhat enalarged, yet recalling a hundred memo ries. Gravelyand tlsoughtfullyFrithioflooked on the little hamnlet and on MAunkeggen. It was a picture that had been traced on his mind by pleasure and engraved by pain. Ceeil drew a little nearer to him, and though no word passed between them, yet intuitively their thoughts turned to one who must for ever be associated with those bright days spent in the house of Ole Kvikne long ago. There was no in dignation in their thoughts of her, but there was pain, and pity, and hope, and the love which is at once the source and the outcome of forgiveness. They won dered much how matters stood with her out in the far-off southern seas, where she straggled on in a new life, which must always, to the very end, be shadowed by the old. And then Frithiof thought of his father, of his own youth, of the won derful glamour and gladness that had been doomed so soon to pass into total eclipse, and feeling like some returned ghost, he glided close by the flagstaff, and tie grey rocks, and the trees which had sheltered his farewell to Blanche. A strange and altogether indescribable feeling atole over him, butit was speedily dispelled. There was a link which haplpily bound his past to his present-a memory which nothing could spoil-on the quay lie instantly per ceived the well-remembered faces of the kindly landlord, Ole Kvlkne, and his brother Knut. "Seel" he exclaimed with a smile, " there are the Kviknes looking not a day older I We must just see if they re member us." Did they not remember? Of course they did I And what bowing and hand shaking went on in thebrief waiting-time. They had heard of Frithiof, moreover, and knew how nobly he had redeemed his father's name. They were enchanted at meeting him once more. "Let me have the pleasure, Kvlkne, to introduce to you my betrothed, who was also your guest long ago," said Frithiof, taking Cecil's hand and placing it in that of the landlord. And the warm congratulations and hearty good wishes of Ole and Knut Kvikne were only cut short by the bell, which warned the travellers that they must hasten up the gangway. "We Shall come back," said Frithiof. "Another summer we shall stay with you." " Yes," said Cecil. " After all therois nothing equal to Balholm. I had for gotten how lovely it was." As they glided on they left the little place bathed in sunshine, and in silence they watched it, till at last a bend in the fjord hid it from view. Frithiof fell into deep thought What part had that passionate first love of his played in his life-story I Well, it had been to him a curse- it had dragged himii down into the depths of despair, and to the verge of vice; it had steeped him in bitterness and filled his heart with angunish. Yet a more perfect love lId awaited himi-a passion less fierce but more tender, less vehement hut more last. ing; and all those years Cecil's hi~arthad really bccii his, though le lid so little dreamned of it. As if in a picture hlie saw the stages throughs which hehadpassed--the rapture of mere physinld existence; the intoler able pain and humiliation of DBlanclhe's betrayal; the anguish of bereavement; the shame of bankruptcy ; the long eflbrt to pay the debte; the slow return to belief in human beings; thee toilsomes steps that had each brought him a clearer knowledge of the Unseen, for which he had once felt no need;: and, finally, this wonderfullove springing up like a fountain in his life, ready to gladden his somewhat prosaic round of daily work. It was evening when they left the steamer at Sogndal, but they were none of them in a mood for settling down, and indeed the weather was so hot that they often preferred travelling after supper. So it was arranged that they should go on to a very primitive little place called Hillestad, sleep there for a few hours, and then proceed to the Lyster fjord. Cecil, who was a much better walker than either Sigrid or Swanhild, was to go on foot with Fritliof; the others secured a stolkjaerro and a carriole, and went on in advance with the luggage: The two lovers walced briskly along the side of the fjord, but slackened their pace when they reached the long sandy hill with its sharp zigzags; the evening was still and cloudless; above them towered huge, rocky cliffs, partly veiled by under growth, and all the air was sweet with the scent of the pine trees. They were close to St. Olaf's well, where, from time im memorial, the country people have come to drink- and pray for recovery from illness. "Don't you think we ought to drink to my future health?" said Frithiof. He smiled, yet in his eyes she saw all the time the look of sadness that had come to him as they approached Balholm. The one sting in his perfect happiness was the thought that le could not bring to Cecil the unbroken health that lod once been his. He knew that the strain of his past trouble had left upon him marks whichl he must carry to his grave, and that the consequences of Blanche's faithlless ness had brought with them a secret anxiety which must to some extent shadow Cecil's life. The knowledge was hard; it humiliated him. Cecil knew him so well that she read his thoughts in an instant. "Look at all these little crosses set up in the moss on this rock i ' she exclaimed when they had scrambled up the steep ascent.. "I wonder how many hundreds 'of years this has been the custom? I wonder how umany troubled people have come here to drink?" "And have gdined nothing by their superstition?" said Frithiof. "It was superstition," alse said thought fully. "And yet, perhaps, the sight of the cross and the drinking of the water at least helped them to new thoughts of suffering and of life. Who knows, perhaps some of them went away able to glory in their infirmities?" He did not speak for some minutes, but stood lost in the train of thought suggested to him by her words. The sadness gradually died out of his face, and she quite understood that it was with no trace of superstition, but merely as a sign of gratitude for a thought which had helped him, that he took two little straight twigs, stooped to drink from St. Olafakilde, and then set up his cross among the others in the mossy wall. \- -nie~ei rmb os dow Ver the boulders into hre ntoto andanaroads- ne more, and climbed the steep hill leisurely, planning many things for the future-the rooms in Rowan Tree House, the little wooden cottage that they meant to build at Giidesund, three hours by water from Bergen, on a tiny island, which might be bought at a trifling cost; tihe bright holi-t day weeks that they would spend there; the work they might share; the efforts they might make togetherin their London life. But the sharp contrast between this pictured future and the actual past could hardly fail to strike one of Frithiol's temperament; it was the thought of this which prompted him to speak as they paused to rest on the wooded heights above Hillstead. "I almost wonder," he said, "that you have the courage to marry such an ill starred fellow as I have always proved to be. You are very brave to take the risk." She answered him only with her eyes. "So," he said'with it smile, "you think, perhaps, after all the troubles there must be a good time coming?" "Tihat may be very well," she replied ; "but now that we belong to each other outer things matter little." "Do you remember the lines about Norway in the Princess ?" he said. " Your love has made them true for me." " Say them now," she said; "I have forgotton." And, looking out over the ruddy sky where, in this night hour, the glow of sun set mingled with the 'glow of dawn, he quoted the words: "I was one To whom the touch of all misehaoce but came A night to hih that sitting on a hl es ato ddseummu, mldninght, Norway ran Set Into msiriso" She followed the direction of his gaze and looked, through the fir-trees on the hill upon which they were resting, down to the lovely lake which lay below them like a sheet of mother-of-peaol in the tranquil light. She looked beyond to the grand cliff-like mountains with their snowy tops i touched here and there into the most ex quisite rose- colour by the rising sun ; and i then she turned back to tihe strong Norse face with its clearly-cut features, its look of strength, and independence, and noble courage, and her heart throbbed with joy as she thought how foreign to it was that hard, bitter expression of the past. As he repeated the words "Set into sunrise" his eyes met hera fully; all the tenderness and strength of his nature and an infinite promise of future possibilities seemed to strike down into her very soul in that glance. He drew her towards him, and over both of them there stole a strange calm which is sometimes the outcome of strongfeeling. All nature seemed full of perfect peace; and with the sight of those snowy moun tains and the famnilinr scent of the pines to tell him that he was indeed in his own country, with Cecil's loving presence to assure him of his new possession, and with a peace In his heart which had first come to him in bitter humiliation and trouble, Frithiof, too, was at rest. .. After all, what were the possible trials that lay before them ? What was all earthly pain ? Looked at in a true light, suffering seemed, indeed, but as this brief northern night, and death but as the herald of eternal day. "Cecil," said Frithliof, looking again into her sweet, grave eyes, "swho would have thought that the Li~or gathered all those years ago should prove the first link in the chain that was to bhind us together i for ever? "It was strange," she replied with a smile, as shie gathered one of thie long trails groing close by and looked at tilhe lovely little white bells with their pink He took it from her, and began to twine it in her hair. "I didn't expect to find it hero," he said, "and brought a fine plant of it from Nordfjord. We must take it home with us that you may have some foryourbridal wreath." She made a little exclamation of doubt. "Why, Frithiof I How long do you think it will go on flowering " "For another month," he said taking her glowing face between his hands and stoopin to iss her. SOnly a month !" she faltered. "Surely that will be long enough to read the banns?" he said with a smile. "And you really ought not to keep the Linnact waiting a day longer." THE END. 