SAM0AN SKETCHES. BY " THE VAGABOND." ROME IN SAMOA. APIA, 1ST SSPTZiTSEB. Kyrie ElcUon ! Chrit'i Eleitonf the voices ring oat load and joyously. There might, per haps, be higher daca music than that afforded by the old harmonium. Eat the chant is one of praise and of prayer, of hope and of joy. Ora pro ndlti ! There is worship as well as music in the swelling chorus. It is jus; a year since I last heard these strains in a Bel gian church. It is a fair cry from Spa to Samoa, and the surroundings are very different. Eat the service is the same. Rome never alters its ritual All over the world on this the-Feasi of the Assumption the same prayers and praise are being offered up in the same Monkish Latin. But nowhere can the entourage be stranger or more striking than here in the church of St. Michael at Matafcle, on the beach of the Bay of Apia. Outwardly thi3 is not at all an imposing edifice, although it possesses a spire and a real clock, which has, however, j long since stopped. From the sea the spire is a ' prominent landmark, being such in comparison with the low one-storied houses which form the majority of the residences of the settlement. It is an old building, the walls of concrete, made of coral, lime and sand, with rusty iron roofing and glass windows. The rains of many a season have stained this white edifice, and it has gener ally a neglected look, such as one seldom finds in a Roman Catholic Church. The surroundings are very peaceful. A high coral wall 6eparate3 the church grounds from the beach road. Once inside this enclosure, you seem in a different world. "Tiger Bay," with its German drinking places, the haunt of Mary Magdalene and the Siva Dancers, is close at hand, but no trace of their presence hauntsthe precincts of Holy Church. Mary is both Protestant and Catholic. "When she comes to St. Michael's she is a true penitent, for a time, and is not outwardly distinguishable from her fellows. To the left is the small one-storied weatherboard building where the Marist Fathers and the bishop live. Bat the latter, who is a bishop in partibui infidel ivm, and who does not rank as a temporal peer of Rome, is away cruis ing in the islands. These Catholic missionaries work hard. I am going to say unkind things of them, but above all I wish to be just They live mach harder lives than their Protestant eon- f rem. They do more work, and they show better results. If the best horse in Samoa is ridden by a Marist Father it is necessary to him in visiting the outlying mission stations. The priests do not first build fine houses for their own accommodation, like the Protestant parsons, before electing churches. If there is a fat turkey in the market you will not find that is going to the priests, but to the Protestant mission, and in works of charity the Catholic is ever forward. During the scarcity of food fifties and hundreds of children have been fed with rice and rico soup from the convent, whilst the pastors of the London Mis- sionary Society have been strenuously denying that there ha3 been any distress. During the war, when a hospital was established in the grounds of the British Consulate, the priests as well as the Sisters of Mercy were foremost in attending the wounded, worthily assisting the efforts of Mrs. de Coetlogon, the consul's wife. There w«re no English missionaries assistiug at this work, although Mr. Clarke gave a very handsome donation to the expenses of the hospitnL But it was the personal influence and attention of the followers of Rome which had great effect upon the natives. Tho patient in the Melbourne Hospital is grateful to his kind nurse, but has a vciy weakened senti ment towards the subscribers who maintaiu that institution. Wounded Marinion thanked ClaTe, who brought him the water, and cared little for " the kind soul of Sybil Grey." Rome knowB that the exercise of personal charity will always command respect from outsiders. I have passed my life between praising the charit able institutions of the Roman Chuich and attacking its political ambition and the religious bigotry of many of its followers. "New Presbyter is often but old priest writ large," and any religious denomination with tho power of Rome would be as bigoted and as dangerous to social liberty as Rome. That has boon evidenced in Scotland and -is evidenced in Melbourne. "When I write about Tonga I shall have to deal with Protestant bigotry and oppression there. Rome is now dangerous in Samoa because its agents arc all bound together, und know what they want, and that is to bo ever ou the winning side. The Catholic authorities here as well as the Protestant were lately distinctly "on tho fence "in things political. King Malietoa was no convert of theirs, but a fervent Protestant, so the priests could scarcely be sup- posed to object to liis deportation by the Germans. Like tho Protestant pastors thoy aoquie6eed in tho German rule through tho traitor' Tamaseee. They even assisted it by lending their printing press to Horr Brandeis to issue "Government" proclamations, whilst tho iSamoo IStnet was muzzled by German threats. But when Mataafa became the genius of the Liberty of Samoa tho priests immediately turned round and adopted his party, arjd mado much of him, "coming tho coun tryman " hero as in Irelaud. I remember 20 years ago General Ben Butler madeA speech in which ho said that " I am a man God made, and not the newspapers." The New York Tri bune, criticising this, said that it "relieved the press from much responsibility, but put an enor mous one upon the Almighty." Now, Mataafa Is a man, and naturally a king of men, whom the church certainly did not make, although Rome now claims him and all his doings as its very own. And there is no doubt that, to an extent, the priests have influenced Mataafa in getting him to writo an appeal through the American press for contributions towards tho new cathedral, which is to be the pride and joy of Rome in Samoa, a monument of the faith of the people, and of the energy of the pioneer missionary bishops and priests. There . is a chance for some good Australian Catholic to perpetuate his name for ever by giving the necessary sum to complete this cathedral About £2000 would do it, and the expenditure of that sum here would bring a great deal more fame than ten times its amount in "Victoria. It would beautify Apia, and perbap3 cause the Frotestants to emulate the Older Faith. In the erection of sacred buildings the pastors of the Reformed Religion have been modest enough. The Pro testant church in Apia was for years a disgrace to Protestantism, until the other day Admiral Kimberley defrayed the cost of renovating it and putting a fence around the lot on which it stands. Yet the missionary, who has already one good four-roomed house, is building a larger one with six room3 alongside it, and io Exeter Gall they are grieving over the hardships endured by the "poor mis sionary" in the Pacific. Yet the priests of the Propaganda are to be praised that they make no special claim to respect or sympathy for what they do in the cause of Christianity and their Church. All this is to be counted unto them for righteous ness hereafter, and not on this earth. Although, if the bishop can complete the new cathedral, it will remain a tribute to his memory here and in Rome. At present this is very like a ruin. Bat for the remains of the scaffolding Ehowing that this is a work which has been dis continued one would say that the new building was a very old one. The uneven walls are roofless, the windows and doors open spaces, through which the moonlight casts as picturesque shadows as at Melrose or Tintern. The blocks of stone lying about appear as if they had fallen instead of being left in readiness to hoist to their fitting places. The mango and breadfruit trees growing in the nave seem as if tbey had sprung up and matured in a ruin, and the dovecot stand ing near the place of the high altar appears a sign of man's utilitarian usage of the things of the past. The inside of this half built cathedral at Apia reminds one of many an old ruin in Europe. Only the bright sun and the tropical fruits bring one back to the present. Otherwise, lying in the shade watching the outlines of the window through which the afternoon sun streams upon the jagged wall opposite, on which a pigeon wantonly plumes itself, I can imagine myself thousands of miles away in a land where Holy Church has lost its sway, instead ot being in a new country in which Christianity has barely taken root The black- robed Brother, reading in the opposite corner, seems like n ghost of the post. One could not find a more peaceful place than this for prayer, or meditation, or stud. But the black robed Brother who courteously ex changes a Ion jour with me, and then coils him self up again on the soft grass, which here growa thickly, is not reading his offices. Nor is he studying the works of the Fathers of the Church. It is a yellow backed French novel which 60 engages his attention, and from which he is deriving ideas of life in his native Pay, far different to what he imagined when he was caught young, and became an entered apprentice to his present business. I dare say this Brother hides his book amongst the etoues, coming here to peruse it at his leisure. His long soufat'ns and those of his Brethren are incongruous garments in this climate, but they are not bo hot as thoy look. The brethren only wear pyjamas underneath their soutaiiw. When the wind blows tho upper garment on one side, or some negligent Brother haa not securely buttoned it, the con trast between the regulation black garb of old Rome and the gay striped cotton attire beneath is rather amusing. It savors of a harlequinade. " Black Protestants," I dare say, would say that all this Is but typical of the lives led by the priesthood. I am not by any means going to endorse such a statement. Priests are but men — some good, some better, some bad. The rule of their Church decrees that they shall be immaculate. If they are not always bo, in body as well as soul, it is because they arc men. (See Griffith Gaunt and L'Abbe Mouret.) The priests of Roino in Apia are just as good as they are anywhere. But they are also just about as dirty. Why amongst the members of Roman Orders dirt should be consi dered as an adjunct of godliness I could never understand. Yet it is a revolting fact. The Marists in Samoa should be shamed by their cleanly native congregations. That they are not seoins to imply that it must be a matter of church discipline that they never wash themselves uor clean their teeth. But if the block souiaincs of the Marists seem incongruous, the robes of the Sisters of Mercy are for more so. These good women indeed suffer by the rules of their Order in wearing such heavy garments in this climate, yet tbey always look charming, their white caps and tippets and cuffs : Always being as clean as the gar ments of the priests are otherwise The Sisters keep tho Convent School, where native and European and half casto girls are taught, and taught English. It is very much to the credit of the authorities of Rome in Samoa that tho language which is the recognised language of the white people in tho South Seas should hare been taught by the French Brethren and Sisters. Until very recently tho Etiglish rrotcslant missionaries would not give any instruction in our own tongue to natives or half castes. But to the credit of- tbe Rev. Mr. Clarke, be it said, that ho recog nised tho faUaqyof the old system of keeping tho Samoana iu ignorance of all but their own literature of the translated Bible nnd hymn book. Also, to tho credit of Mr. Clarke, be it nald, that he admits to me that the Convent School is the best institution iu Satnoa. I do not visit it, as the priests do not weloome mo any more than the Protestaut parsons. But I know many Samoan young ladies who havo been educated at this establishment, and I sometimes meet two or three of the Sisters when they are making their calls of charity, and I also have -the very great ploaaure of travelling by the island steamer with " Sister Mary " a French lady, who has been 18 years' in Samoa, devoting her llfo to the cause of training the young nativo girls. She is the happiest, cheeriest little lady one can meet, who as a compagnon de voyage inake3 everything pleasant. I have been privileged for many years to have friends amongst ladies in different convents in various parts of the world. "Sister Mary"i3 another ray of religious sunshine in my life. I intend never to part with the coat on which she so kindly sewed the buttons. "Were all Catholics like "Sister Mary " I would advise every girl to join the Church. Yet it is entirely opposed to the fitness of things that there should be any native Samom nuns. Swathed in white caps and walking stiffly in their long robes, the brown skinned native girls, whom Nature made to enjoy life in the fearless old fashion, who are types of what womanhood was of old, " when the world's heart was lighter," seem living anachronisms. Not but what tbey do their work well in assisting the French Sisters to educate the native girls. One of them plays the harmoniom in the church, and plays it very well. There are native acolytes here too, as well as native priests. The boys who swing the censer, I daiesay, are just as hardened as the youthful attendants at the functions of Holy Church in all parts of the world, yet, altogether, the congregation seems more interested in the service on this Feast of the Assumption and to be more impressed ihereby than the Protestants are when listening to the utterances of their native pastors. The ritual of Rome was founded on that of Heathendom, and is adapted to the senses of a primitive people. The dress of the priest sing ing mas3 is but that of the Roman Pontiff who officiated at the sacrifices to Jove. The candles are the remnant of the Flame "Worship of primal humanity. One's thoughts go back through long eras of religious creeds and the martyrdom of man, as the bell is rung and the people bow down before 14 the real presence" in faith or superstition, whichever my readers like to call it. Every head is bowed with deep reverence. The native catechist ceases his watchful glance at the boys and girls. King ; Mataafa and Colonel de Coetlogon are for the moment on a level with the humblest Samoan when the Host is elevated, and the priest drinks of the San Graai, the blood of Christ King Mataafa and Colonel de Coetlogon are both very attentive church goers. The latter maintains in full simplicity the faith of his Breton ancestors. They are honored with seats inside the altar rail?. At the door the men of Mataafa 's armed body guard stand as sentries. In all the usual appointments this church is exactly the same as a Catholic Church in any part of the world. There are confessional boxes and fonts of holy water, and colored lithographed "stations of the cross," and a few oleograph daubs of sacred personages, the Redeemer being depicted with a bleeding heart in the centre of his body. There is a little coat of the irgin adorned with paper flowers. Out side there is a full sized figure of the Holy mother and child, intended, I presume, for the new cathedral. There is only one memorial of intercEt here, and that is a little brass trophy of elegant workmanship, containing the heart of Bishop Elloy, who died in France in 1878, after a quarter of a century's work in the South Seas. He loved Samoa so much that he requested that his embalmed heart should be sent hither. In time, no doubt, Bishop Elloy will be canonised, and miracles may be performed before this relic. This was the bishop who, iu the M albs Islands, where Roma is Bupremc, once called Captain James T. Proctor a liar, on which the ex-Confederate soldier, although by birth a Louisiana Catholic, promptly knocked tbeprelate down. Then the natives rushed the one-legged captain, took off his wooden leg and chained him to a tree, keeping him a prisoner for many days in this uncomfortable position. But an American manof- war calling in, the crippled captain was released and the islaudera had io pay a fine of 4000 doL for the outrage on an American citizen. I remember this incident as I look at Bishop ELIoy's memorial, and also when the head of tho Catholic mission here is forced to humbly apologise to the American vice- consul for an insulting letter written to him. The Great Ropublic acknowledges no church, and demands respect for its laws and representa tives from priest as well as from people. A Swedish athlete, M. Akij, swain from Charenton to Mcudon, a distance of 10 miles, which he completed in nine hours. Ho entered the water with all his clothes on, and undressed while keeping with tho stream. A steam launch and a row boat accompanied him, from which ho was supplied with provisions at various times, which ho partook of with apparent relish. His most curious feat was smoking cigars in the water. They were handed to him ready lighted from the coiivoyiwr party, ' CVi uirtr Times has the following note from Pekin in reference to tho burning of the lemple of Heaven :-On the 18th September at o.lb p.m., Pokin was startled by a ruddy glow m the sky towards the south of tho city, indi cating afire of Borne magnitude in that direction. Upon inquiring amongst the natives the locality ?/ " were surprised to learn that it was ThcTomploof Heaven, "nnd were rather loth to boliovo it, until tho information was confirmed, aftor we bud scrambled up on the roof of a house nnd soon for ourselves that suoh svas the case. Tho fire was not quite out at 4 0 clock in tho morning, and tho tomplo is a heap of smouldering ruins. Previous to the firo 1 elan, was visited by tho heaviest downpour of ram that has taken place this year, simply ft deluge for about one hour or so, fteodiu- nearly every building and bouse in the city, and „v. ing many of tho roads impassable. The great downpour m Hoog Kong could not have been deluge woo ushered in by a shower of hailstones, of about half an inch iu diameter and lifco pieces of glanr,, so hard and transparent were they. The wind also chopped round from one quarter toanothor with remarkable rapidity. This delugo of rain taking place before the fire buret out has created the belief amongst tho Chinese that the firo was tho work of heaven, but the foreigners believe that tho ugutnmg of Wednesday morning at 3 o'clock. JrT. fl Bluurii thunderstorm with incessant flashes of lightning, was the cause of ii ,t'wouJlJ be dangerous for a nativo to hint that it was i tlio work of a man. Ono individual says that it vs the fault of the young empress. beoausesbo"is all fire," and there lias been nothing bat trouble since tho mnrriago. 