NEWS OF THE DAT. Tho Oriont Company's U. M.S. Ouzco, from Loudon 21st Juno, with mails to 28th Juno, arrived at Albany yesterday morning at 9 a.m., and is oxpeatcd to roaoh Adelaide on Wednes day, though probably too lato for the mails to bo forwarded by the aftornoou oxprcss train. Both Houses of Parliamout will mcot this week. In tbo Legislative Assembly tho Treasurer will mako liis financial statement to-morrow nftornoon, immodiatoly upon the Houso meeting. It is not improbable that at the conclusion of tho spceeh tbo Houso will be adjourned in ordor to afford lion, mombors an opportunity of digo3ting tho budget proposals. At Wednesday's sitting the Government propoBO to ask tho House to finish tho Eduoation Act Amendment Bill, and if time permits the Rabbit Destruction Bill and tho Wattle Cultivation Bill willbo threshed out in committee. -On Thurs day ovening tho dobate upon tbo budget pro posals of tho Govornmcnt aro to bo oommencod by the Opposition, and as somo vory important issues will bo xilaced before hon. mombors it is expected that the discussion will be carried on for Bovoral wooks. Iu tho Lcgislativo Council tho Public Health Bill is to be further con sidered in committee, and the Public Service Bill advanced a stoge. Tho Secretary of State for the Colonics, Lord Knutsford, has forwarded to tho Acting- Governor a despatch rolativo to tho nppoint- mont of Major- Goncral Edwards to inspect tho military forces of Australasia and odviso the rospcotivo Governments in tho first instance as to tho uniform organisation of tho local forces and their joint notion iu timo of emergency. Lord Knutsford oxpresscs pleasure that the appointmont of Gonoral Edwards has beou received witli such' satisfaction in the colonios. and trusts that his advico will be productivo of much good to the colonics, and that bor Majesty's Imperial Govornmcnt, by whom all expenses connooted with the visit of Goneral Edwards are to be defrayed, will also bo advan taged by receiving from suoh :a responsible officer full information as to the present strength of tho colonial forcos and thoir organ isation for war. A writ was issued on Saturday by the Frothonotary of the Supremo Court, at the in stance of a Mr. Richard Hutchinson, against Mr. J. S. Butters, to recover accumulated penalties amounting to £5000, for having sat and voted as a member of the Legislative Council without possessing tho property qualifications required by law. A writ was also issued against Dr. Lofovro, M.L.C., at the instance of Mr. Alexander M'Caller, cstato agent, Queen- street, who Bceks to recover penalties amounting in the aggregate to £13,200, on the same ground as that alleged against Mr. Bntters. In each caso tho allegation is that the member did not possess, for 12 months prior to his election, tho property mentioned in the declaration made by him under the Act of Parliament Mr. Doakin has received a communication from Messrs. W. White and R. Scudds, who unsuccessfully contested tho constituency of Williamstown at the last general election, ask ing that their nomination papors and the £50 deposited at tho recent olection by each should bo allowed to stand good for tho ensuing con- tost. Both Mr. White and Mr. Scudds whon wooing the suffrage of tho doctors failed to poll a suffioient number of votes to save their deposit monoy, which has been forfeited. It appears, however, that noither of these aspirants for political famo is inclined to accept tho verdict of tho general eleation, and desire again to try their luck at the election which is to take place on the 2nd of next month ; but their demand to bo excused making frcsb deposits of £50 has been refused by Mr. Dcakin, who pointed out that under seotion 84 of tho Eleotoral Act for feited deposits of unsuccessful candidates must be applied by tho returning officer towards defraying tho cost of the oleotion; that the validity or otherwise of an election docs not weigh in tho mattor, and that tho deposits in question have been so applied. Tho Royal Commission on coal propose to push forward thoir iuquiry energetically. Tho first meeting for taking ovidonoo will bo hold on Friday next, at 11 a.m., at tho Exhibition- build ings, whore suitable office accommodation has bean obtained. The first witness ex amined will be Mr. Reginald Murray, of the Mines department-. Circulars are about to be sent to all persons interested in tho coal industry, espeoially those selectors and owners of proporty upon whose laud3 carboniferous deposits havo been discovered, with a view to eliciting tho fullest information on tho subject, and whore nocossary tho sites indicated will bo visited and evidence taken on the spot as soon as the weather admits of travelling. The Frcmior has been requested to appoint a gentleman com petent to tako analyses of coal, and whoso ser vices shall be placed at the disposal of tho com- missiou from timo to timo, as they may be re quired. It is intended to review tho ontiro his tory of coal reaearoh in the oolony in its various aspcots. Samples of coal forwarded from tho seams now being worked will bo tested, under tbo supervision of tho commission, and their economic value, no less than scientific signifi cance, reported on, so that tho investigation, it is anticipated, will set at rest definitely, or at least for many years to come, tho vexed question whether Viotoria really poBscssos, or otherwiso payable coalfields. Over 1400 freo passes over tho Victorian rail ways havo been issued to. tho unemployed daring the present winter. An officer of the Publio Works department, Mr. Graham, has been deputed to inquire into the merits of the appli cations for passes, and his timo is each day almost entirely taken up in investigating tho circumstances of mon who raprcsont themselves as being destitute and in soaroh of work. Within tho last fow days an averogo of 40 passes per day have boon issued. No applicant is granted a pass for a less distance than 20 miles, though many ask to bo franked over the lines for much shorter journeys. Tho statement that the applicants are without means and unable to pay their railway fares to any country town in wliioh there is a prospect of obtaining work is accepted by Mr. Graham as sufficient claim to a pass if tho applicant at tho same tirno produces a noto from any rospeot- ablo citizen vouohing for tho applicant's sobriety and good character. But somo of thoso letters of recommendation would hardly stand the test of close scrutiny. Recommendations are also mode by the ooinraitteoqf tho unem ployed established at Dr. Singleton's Homo in Collingwood, but the officers of the Publio Works department arc net quite satisfied that the committee make a strict examination of tho claims of each applicant recommended for a free pass, and it has beou deeidod that every appli cant must bo the bearer of a recommondatiou from a citizon. A large number of tho men now obtaining posses are doing so on the statement that they intend to go shearing. Iu oonscquencc of the date fixed"for the first meeting of the Mining Commission clashing with other publio engagements, it has bean decided to hold ' tho meeting at 2 o'clock on Wednesday, instead of Thursday afternoon. Tho Minister of Publio Works has instructed an officer of his department to visit the districts throughout the colony in which roads and bridges have been damaged by rcoent floods, for ths pnrpose of ascertaining tho aotual amount of loss sustained by looal bodies. It is stated that in somo casos tho bridges washed away were constructed many years ago, and woro jn a vory weakened condition at the timo of tho late floods. The Minister is of opinion that munici palities which have neglectod to make proper provision tor keeping tho bridgos within thoir boundaries in a fair stato of repair are not now justified in asking the Government for special assistance in tho erection of new bridges because floods have swept away tho old dilapidated structures. The claims made upon the Govern ment for special grants of this nntura amount in tho aggregate to £50,000, but a largo proportion of these demands aro extra vagant, and wero nevor seriously ontertainod by tho Government. In order to ascertain tho real needs of tho hour, tho number of bridges re quiring to bo rebuilt for restoring road com munication, and tho morits of tho different applications for assistance made upon tho Minister of Publio Works, Sir. D. SI. Davies has instructed au experienced officer to mako a personal examination and report. Upon the ro- commendations contained in that report will dopond the amount made available by tho Go vernment for flood damages, but in all probabi lity the sum will be limited to £10,000. A protest against tho exorbitant charges, unnecessary delays and vexatious rules ot tho port has been prepared by masters of a number . of vessels trading to Melbourne. The mastera ( B tWr owing llMffiuiuul pier accom modation at Port Melbourne and Williamstown they have been kept waiting at nnchor in Hobson's Bay for a number of days before tboy have boon able to oomo alongside to discharge, that whon ouco they get alongside tiioy aro compelled to movo their vessols as tho draught of water decreases, and sometimes to loavo tho wharf altogothor, and oithor comu up tho Yarra to Molbouruo or lie out in tho stream and await thoir turn nH at first. Complaint is also made against the harbor regulation for bidding vessels to tiso their own engines for hoisting cargo, and compelling thorn to uso tho engines placed on tho wharf, and in tho ease of timber laden vessels, of tho regu lation which expressly interdiots the uso of bow and stern ports for discharging at the town pier. The injustico of compolling tho ship to boar tho cost of lightersgo when tho consignee orders tho timber to bo discharged at that pier is referred to, and a suggestion is made that for a lumbar charter, whoro a ship uses tho ports to discharge, tho charter should bo mado up so as to provide that the vcscol may lie at a safe plnoo in Hobson's Bay, and dolivor the cargo into lighters within rcaeh of the ship's tackle, and that the consignee bear tho cost of lighterage. A second suggestion is mado that when a vessel is ordered to diechargo at Mai- bourne wharf an additional rate of freight should be charged, so as to cover the cost of towage and pilotage up and down tho river. It is also urged that all charters should havo a stipulated number of running days, to be in accordance with tho harbor regulations, and that the consignee bo compolled to rcoeivo his cargo on tho pier in that time, or pay for the lighterago in tho Bsy and demurrage day by day for detention. . . Another railway accident, which is attributed to careless working of "points," took place at Essendon on Saturday morning. Whilst a goods improper manipulation of tho lever a van and two truoks wero thrown off tho line. Tho derailed vohieles blocked tho road for some timo. On the arrival of tho expross from Sydney the passengers had to be transferred to another train in ordor to get past tho wreck. After about three-quarters of an honr's work tho trucks were replaced on the rails and traffic was continued as usual. A further accident, which might have been of a serious character, occurred to the train to whioh tho passengers from tho Sydney express had been transferred. It had just started on its way to town when in some way at present un explained tho engine proceeded on ono lino and the carriages following on another. Fortunately this was obsorvod, and tho coupling breaking a serious aeoident was averted. An inquiry will bo held ooucern ing tho matter. Fino woathor, a good attondanoe and first class racing woro the featnros of the July meeting of the V.A.T.O., held on Saturday atCaulfiold. Tho Two-yoar-old Handicap was won by the favorite, Briton, a full brother to Pakoha, who camo out oarly in the race, led for nearly the whole of the distance, and finished a length in front of Britomarte. Bolton, who opened as first favorite and recedod boforo the start to the outsido figure of 8 to 1, won tho Hurdlo Race, tho favorite, Duchess, falling at the last hurdlo but one. For tho Murrumbesna Handicap a field of 15 horses faced the starter, tho winner turning up iu that not too consistent performer, Jobusito, with Dexter second, and the favorite Raoul third. In this race asomewhat serious mistake occurred, as Daystar's number was hoisted iu mistake for that of the second horse. Tho error was, how ever, Immediately remedied. Rony, with Mr. W. S. Cox in tho saddlo, was strongly fancied for tho Stceplechaso, and had no difficulty in cutting down Goodwood and Bushman, the only other horses in tho race. The favorite won in a canter, hard held, but over confidence on tho part of tho rider nearly resulted in his dotoat, as whilo Rony and Goodwood wore watching each other up tho straight Bushman stole up on the rails, and n oarly caught tho favorite on the post, tho raco being won by a baro half head. TheKambrook Handicap, which wound up the card, attracted another large field, and was won by Vascosa, whoso jockey, Power, seems to havo a happy knack of appropriating tho last race of the day. . AY. E. Gladstone, who started firat favorite, finished among the ruck, tho placed horses being I Shouldn't AYonder and Best Man. It is worthy of note that " Asmodous," of The Reader, was successful in naming the first throo' horses in the Murrumbccna Handicap in the order in which they finished, that ho tipped Briton for the Two-year-old Handicap, and that he also selected Rony and Bushman for tha Steeplechase, after Sir Joshua, who was scratched for tho ovent. Mr. G. R. Parkin, M.A., addressed a public meeting in the Prahran town hall on Saturday evening ou National Unity, and gave a short history of tho formation of the Imperial Federa tion League and its aims and objects. Its mean ing was not imperialism, but a national unity, in whioh tho colonics should have a voice in tho affairs of tho Empire. Mr. Parkin's address was generally on tho lines of addresses already delivered by him in Melbourne, and a voto of thanks was accorded him, A popular loeturo was delivered on Saturday ovening by Mr. L. Hart at tho AVorking Men's College on Photography as an Auxiliary to Popular Education. Thoro was a fair attend ance of tho public, and tha chair was takon by Mr. C. A. Topp. By means of an oxy-hydrogen litno light lantern, Mr. Hart illustrated upon a large white curtain an iute resting discourse dealing with familiar objects in botany, ento mology, geology, astronomy, archeology and other sciences. A number of State school toaohers wero present by invitation, and thoir attention was particularly drawn to the ap plicability of photography to teaching in sohools and colleges. The portraits and views which were exhibited were all excellent spcoi- mons of workmanship. At tho oonclusion of tho leeturo Sir. Hart was accorded a cordial vote of thanks. Tho Victorian Orohcstra, it Is announced, will givo the first concert of tho sorics on Thursday ovening, 8th August, in the Town Hall. During tho week tho orohestra havo been rehearsing most satisfactorily under tho conductorship of Mr. Hamilton Clarke, who has expressed his fullest approval of the ability of tho members and the progress made. Tho box plan will be opened at Messrs. Allan and Co.'s, Collins- street, on Friday morning, 2nd August, at 9 o'clock. It is particularly requested that sub scribers will immediately obtain their tickets, which are in readiness at Messrs. Allan and Co.'s. Although it is wall known that Lord G. Hamilton discouraged tho idea that Captain Kane, of tho Calliope, ought to bo decorated for successfully navigating his vessol out of the harbor of Apia on the occasion of the tcrriblo hurricane, it is now stated (says tho London cor respondent of tho Manchester Examiner ) that the First Lord of tho Admiralty intends to, confer on the gallant officer a much mora appropriate recognition of his abilities as a sea man. When the noxt captain's good servico pension of £150 per year becomes vacant — and by promotion to flag rank that event must soon come about — it is to bo bostowed on the com mander of the Calliope. This is a prizo which is espeoially applicable to distinguished servico, and it will bo of greater value to Captain Kano than a title. The Caloutta correspondent of tho Daily News, of 18th Juno, telegraphs Inquiries into the Ganjam famine show that fully 5 per cent, of the population aro in a state of dangerous ema ciation. It is moreovor estimated, that 20,000 will need relief work for four months if thcro is a good monsoon, and 40,000 — half of whom aro children— gratuitous roliof. If tho monsoon fails fully 100,000 will roquiro rolief. A message of sympathy from tho Queen was gratefully recoived in tho affiicted distriots. Tho Governor has embarked for Madras. It is reported that ho is suffering from fover. In tho Patna division in Bengal tho distress has increased, and the uumber of persons employed on reliof works has risen in the lost fortnight from 32,000 to 46,000. Tho Government of Bengal has sanctioned tho making of earthworks for the railway from Durbhunga to Sitarmarhi as a roliof work. Tho Lioutonant- Govornor will visit the distressed distriots next month, whon a better idea of tbe future prospeots can be formed than at present. Every effort is being mado to relievo tho sufferings of tho people in the affected districts." Tho Bengal Government recently issued tha report of Mr. Tucker, of tho Bengal polico, who was appointed to inquire into tho abases of ooolio recruiting in Ohota Negpur.' Ho dis covered a regular system of kidnapping prae- tisad by the professional reo; niters from Assam. The ordinary method of priaadnra is as follows :— Many freo emigrants go im from Chota Nagpur to tho tea estates of the Dooars and tho Torai, and it is usually on batohos of theso whilo en route to their destination that tho recruiter swoops down. AVhen tho omigrauts are camped for the night bis agent comos up and attempts to entice soma of thorn away on somo fictitious pretext, as that they are wanted by tho police, or must liavo thoir names registered. If strategy fails tho recruiter himsolf appears with more men and force is UBcd. Somotimes a worso casa occurs. In tho Bhagnlpur district last November fivo mon, dressed as policomcn, came lato one night to the houso of ono Hular Kol and, repre senting that cortain female relatives of his were required for examination at a neighbor, ing police station, took away five young women. Next morning it was discovered that the police station examination was a myth ; but tha young women liavo not yot been found, and Mr. Tuoker thinks they have been abilueted to As sam or Cachar. As to tbo need for reform, lie says that as long as tho uncontrolled recruit ing system exists malpraoticos of this nature can scarcely bo prevented. There is no doubt that a certain amount of fear has been instilled into the minds of eontraotors and so- called recruiters of free emigrants for tho Assam and Cachar gardens by Mr. Tuoker's investiga tions, bat he doubts whetbor this will last after his withdrawal. The whole ot the recruiting is practically in the hands of unlicensed agents and suoh legal provisions for the ooolies' protec tion as oxist aro practically dead letters. Mr. Tucker was fortunately successful in prosecut- ing and having soveroly punished a number of kidnappers. Tho truculent Kurdish brigand Moussa Bsy, from whom tho Sublimo Porte has beon request- ing " explanations " on tho truth or otherwise of tho outrages reported to have been committed by Mm and hfa i® nov pondentofanEnglishpaperoul9th June, comfort. ably quartered in the town of Bitlis. Tho Governor and - tho Turkish offioiale cherish tho highest esteem and admiration for him, and aro strain ing every nerve to get him acquitted of the horrible charges recently brought against him.. Indeed Monssa is, in tho eyes of his friends in authority, but a victim of foul play and Armenian calumny. That he is an old offender may be gathered from tho evidence of an independent and impartial writer — Mr. O. B. Norman, corres pondent of the Times at the seat of war in Armenia in 1877. In his work entitled Armenia and the Campaign of 1S77, he says of ths Kur dish chieftain, on whom the Turks will very probably bestow tho palm of martyrdom "In tho neighborhood of Moosh, one Moussa Boy, a son of Mirza Bey, a Kurd from Wear Van, has boon ravaging tho. country at tho head of a small body of cavalry.' Tho villages of Moolah Akjam, Hadogan and Kharkin, having been firat pillaged, wero set ou fire. At Ardouk he extracted £60 and at Ingraknra £40 from tho head men of tbe village, under pretence of sparing them from de struction, and straightway set the places on fire. Ho thou proceeded to a Mussulman village called Norashon, and hearing thai an At. mcnian merchant of Bitlis was passing through robbed him of all Ids goods, to tbe value of 30,000 piastres, and then ordered bis men to murder him. At IChartz this monster entered tho house of the Armenian priost, wlm had lately brought his bride to his father's home. Binding the old man and his son together with eords, this inhuman scoundrel ravished tho poor girl before thoir eyes, and then gave orders for the murder of the three. I can write no more. A bare recital of tbe horrors com- mitted by these demons is sufficient to call for their condign punishment. Tho subject is too painful to need any eoloring, were ray feeble pen enabled to give it." " It is stated that Prince Nicholas of Mon tenegro has ordered a complete and immediate reform of his military system, so that the entire population of his Principality may bo ready for notion at tho shortest notice. The intelligence, which comes from Constantinople," says tha Spectator of 15th June, " is held to indicate that the Prince, who has so recently been in direct communication with the Ozar, expects great events to occur immediately. AY e should rather imagino tlint he has obtained some money to spend ou rifles, and wishes to bo ready for emer- goncios ; but ho must at tho same time be well aware of tho intrigues intended to revolutionise Scrvia and proclaim him Prince there. These intrigues are going on so boldly that Yienua believes in a revolution as immediately at hand. If it arrives, her statesmen will be compolled to decide whether they will occupy Servio or will come to somo secret arrangomont with Russia for a division of spoil. The Gorman Govern ment either believes in tbo dangor or wishes Austria to accept terms, for Prince Bismarck's agents in the press aro warning the Viennese that Russia is arming at full speed." Mr. Edison is reported, in a eonversatioa with an interviewer who solicited liis idca3 ou tho subject of the projected AVorld's Fair in New York (says /rem), as saying that ho would take an acre of space in such a fair and completely cover it with his inventions, of which be bos no lesB than 70 now undor way. " One of tbo most peculiar, and now promising good results," said Mr. Edison, " is what I raoy call a far-sight machine." By means of this extraordinary in vention ho hopos to bo able to increase the range of vision by hundreds of miles, so that, for instance, " a man iu New York could soe tho features of his friend in Boston with ai much cose as ho could soe a performance on the otnge. That," ho added, " would lie on inven tion worthy a prominent place in tho AVorld's Fair, and I hope to have it perfected long before 1892." Tho hitherto unpublished lotters of Shelley and his unhappy first wife, Harriet AVcstbroak, havo mado their appoarauco in the Nation. It seoms that tlioy woro scon by Professor Dowdoa when ho was writing his Life of Shelley, hut that for somo reason it was stipulated that they should not then bo given to tho world. They all bear data 1812 — tho first year of tho young couple's wedded life — and are addressed to Catha rine Nugent, an Irish lady, whoso ac quaintance they mado during thoir brief visit to Dublin. Tho poet and his brido were for tha greater part of tho time flitting about in their restless way in various parts of Devonshire and North and South Wales, and tho last epistle of tbe series finds them at Stratford- upon-Avon, Harriet Sholley undoubtedly appears in thia correspondence a more serious person than somo liavo depicted liar. It is amusing (remarks the Daily News) to obsorvo tha absolute identity of tone between her reflec tions on publio affairs and those of her husband, Roferring to tho "hunger riots" of that unhappy time, tho poot writes : " I sinocruly hope - that a just indignation against that crownod ooward and villain the Princa docs prevail." In a like vein Harriet .writes of the assassination of Mr. Percivai: " It had been bettor if they had killed Lord Castlcreagh. He really deBorvcd it." The littlo schoolgirl has clearly becomo a red hot politician, and a very decided Homo Ruler, though she has " no pnticnco with Curran," and thinks that had he been active at tbe time of tho Union, "though his lifo had been the saorifice, Ireland would havo been saved." She is oven enthusiastia for her husband's vegetarian faith ; though there is a brief noto written in Dublin ia which she hopes to iuduoo her friend to dine with them by announcing that a "murdered chicken has beon prepared " for lior repast ; and after, a rough passago of 36 hours to Holyhead it is admitted that both Percy and her sister " immediately began upon meat, M much did they feel themselves weakened by tho vegetable system." The correspondence cer. tainly tends to raiso our idea of Harriot AVcat- brook's olinractef, by showing that she had at least a capacity for taking an interest in higher things than woro wont to engross the thoughts of the ladies ot her day. Tho British consul at Tientsin in his last report gives somo interesting details respecting the new railway in North China, between the Kniping minos and Tientsin, which was completed last summer, and i3 now open to traffic throughout. It is 85 miles long mid tho average cost was £4250 per milo. This includes all roll ing stock and engines and a considerable sum spent on stations, wharves, k c. The rails havo como from Bolokow and Vaughan, wish tho exception of 600 tons of light rails f»m Krupp. Rolling steak is built on tho spot ftom-- iron purchased chiefly in England. This-systcm savos tho heavy freight charged on btlky cargoes, and enablos tha company to nake exactly what suits it best. The passenger .tars, steel framed and teak, are 56 ft. long, andtanr mora than 100 peoplo. They coat coihjlete about £550. One engine came from tho Pitted Btotai tho othors aro English built' on tho American system, which has proved itself the tat far tho rough roads laid with light' nib. Tho American engine cost 20 por cent, more than tho othors, but Hho beats them in tetual performance, tho details of working parts being bettor. Steel fireboxes aro found to last longer and givo loss troublo than copper ones, Hough tho onginos only run about 200 miles without boing cooled for washing out. Tho water along tho lino is very salty. So far He company has always purchased in England through its own agents, wliioh It finds a moro satisfactory proceeding than dealing through gjnw in China ; but in view of tho possibility of tenders being askod for, rail makors would, tho consul thinks, do woll to appoint local firms as their agents, and establish propor codo systems In cider to cheapen and facilitate telegraphing. The rails nsed by the prosont company nm invariably, of Saudbcrg standard scotions, 45 lb., 60 lb. and 70 lb. por yard being tbo ,5 employed. It is impossible to say what railway extension there may bo in the near future. bast autumn it was positively deter mined to continue tho existing lino to Tungahow, near Pekin ; bat suddenly, on acoount of tho itrong opposition nf tho Consorvativo party at (ho capital, the projeot was dropped altogolher for. the time. At tho present moment tho chemc is again under discussion, but no ono can foretell what will happen. A most interesting politioal and historical doenmont. thought to havo boon lost, has, the Homo eoncspondoiit of tho Daily Heirs tele graphs, just come into the hands of tho Jlinister of Publio Instruction. It is the famous original discourso pronounced the 9th of June, 1848, by tho Into Count Maniiani, It that timo Prime Minister of Pius IX., on the occasion of tho opening of tho Roman Parliament. 'What makes this document parti- vz'zzbio is that it contains severe! correc tions and notes mado in the band of the I'opo himself. ' Tho oxistonco of this paper had been frequently denied, and it had boon maintained that the Pope hod neither read nor scon it. The Gorornment attach such importanco to it that orders bavo been given to havo several photographs taken of it, so that one may bo placed among tbo archives in every publio library in the kingdom. The Belfast Northern. Whig's London corres- pondest soys:— I hear that Mrs. Mayhrick'B solicitors have reeoivod soven communications containing oilers of marriage in tho event of tho unfortunate woman being discharged.' Ono of the offers is said to have come from a clergyman. Madeleine Smith, the heroine of thegreat.Scottieli poisoning cane in 1858, accepted one of lior numerous suitors, a clorgyman, I believe, and lives to this day, a prosperous graiiewoman, in tho immediate neighborhood of Bedford-square. Mrs. Adelaido Harriott, who lira yenrs ago was charged with poisoning her lisband, received 25 odors of marriage. Slio hrl the matrimonial advantages of soma lions, mils of pounds and a most bewitching pair of eyes, but sho preferred' to end her life in a Belgian' convont. Mrs. May-brick has ovoti greater advantages, but it is too early to discuss her case. At St. Francis's Churolr yesterday the annual (ercmony of tho Forty Hours' Adoration of tho Blessed Sacrament, -which usually begins on tho Feast of Corpus Cbristi, was commenced at tbo U servico. High Mass was celebrated by Rov. t. Manly, with Rov. Fathers Ryan and Cuasack i deacon and sub-deacon. Archbishop Carr presided on the sanctuary. A special musical service was given, Gounod's Messc Soleuuello being rendered by the full choir, under tho direction of Mr. R. Donovan, choirmaster, tho principals being Mias Josephine O'Brien, Mrs. Kamsden, and Messrs. Parkinson and T. B. Browning. At tho offertory, Mrs. Ramsdon sang Dorc's " O Salutaris," and during tho collection Mr. Browning, assisted by the full choir, rondorcd tho prayer from Mose in Egilto. After tho mass a procession took place, in which the sacrament was convoyed by tho Archbishop under a gorgeous canopy through the body of tho churcli, out into and round the grounds attached to tho church, and thence into tho church again, the sacrament being laid on tho \- altar, where it will bo exposed till Tuesday morning, when tho coremony will bo com pleted with tho celobration of Higli Mass. In the everting a special scrvicd was given. Vespers wore recited by Rev. J. Heffernan, pastor of tho ohurcli, and a musical servico was given nndcr tho supervision of Mr. C. T. Plun- belt, who presided at the organ. Rov. Fathor Rjanpnachod tho sermon, taking for his text Ik wrnib of tho Saviour, "He who eats my bead and drinks my blood ho shall live for ever, and/ sill raise him up on tho last day." The rev. gentleman explained tho naturo of tho ceremony commenced on that day, and urged performance of tho dovotions recommended for theoccasion. Tho coremony will bo continued I during to-day, and will bo concluded to-morrow j: morning at 10 o'clock, whon High Mnss will bo |: celebrated. At tho samo hour this morning High Mass will also bo celebrated, and in tho ovoning a special servico will bo held. The Bells of Haslcmcie, at tho Theatre Bopnl, attracted a very good house on Saturday night, and tho principal porformor3 were cor- dislly applauded in tho various interesting ritnatious occurring in tho piece. The beautiful scenery by which the play is illustrated also excited the warmest ad miration of the audience. Notwithstanding i the largo attendance nightly nt this theatre to witness Tho Bells of Haslemorc, preparations are being concluded by tho management, in accordance witli arrangements mado somo timo since, to produce at an early date tho drama Tho Silver King, with a cast ontiroiy new to Melbourne. Tho Opera House wa3 again so orowded on Saluulay evening that the sale of tickets had to be stopped within a few minutes of tho timo for tommeneing tho entertainment. Tho very clover performance upon horizontal bars by Monltou nnd Daslway, as usual, was rccoived with groat applaud, and the gymnastio feats of tho other members of tho company, including thoso of the diverting Dale Brothers, wore also Iraitily appreciated by tho audience. Tho btirk family won repeated approbation by their graceful and daring feats, whilo travelling at full apeed on bioycles. Miss Salinger and Mr. W. B. Warner gained great favor with thoir sing ing, and as usual, tho last part of tho pro gramme, tho marvellous trnpczo fcat3 of tbe Silbons, was greoted at its conclusion with 'bunds of applause. Tho present programmo viil be withdrawn after a fow moro nights in order to ooablo the company to display other in c'" skill before tho closo of thoir season in Melbourne, tho timo remaining boing but brief. The Musical Artists' Society hold its monthly ®«tiiig at Messrs. Nicholson's rooms on Satur- evening last. In tho absenoo of the presi- 1 'r- peo- 1'eako, through illness, the chair | mi occupied by Mr. J. . R. Edoson.. Noinin- loui for otfico bearers for tho ensuing year acre received. It was unanimously , decided (rat the annual dinnor should take place on tho ; tet Saturday in August. Owing to tho late ! cur at which the buniuoss of tho mooting was 1 ecncluded, the programmo was omitted. : Mr, Harry Rickards's English and Irish omcdy Company gave their outortainraenh fasi1 ctowd.ei Mouse at St. George's Hall on : it , Mvoning. Tho programmo opened with «M oomedy In a Fog, which was admir- \J 0<1' Tho pieco is full of pointed dia- !' aD ludicrous situations, and tho audience as kept in almost continuous laughter. During w progress of the comody Mr. Riokards sings lee of his'best songs. Tho performances of tho marionettes aro amusing. Mr. Tat Murphy is cecungly droll in his comio vocalisation j and imi i Davys is very successful in his songs till ! a"oea' O" Friday evouing next a benefit brin .endorod b blr. Riokards, and this will g a highly successful season to a close. Tho Waterloo Cyolorama, notwithstanding g attractions olsowhoro, has been crowded J ana eyoning during tho week. On Saturday Eot'S kreu from the State school at . 1 1 attended in a body. Musio aqdspeoiftl es wcro provided for the occasion. Aiu?1"10 Jaffa wiU K've a piano recital at tho telW o? Wcdncstlay afternoon. Hi3Ex- 2! 3 WrWiU'am Robinson and Lady Robin- till 4 a.unounced to bo prouont, and the reoital BermLfVOtr u?(lcr the auspices of Sir Bo'njamin |i_ UJy Benjamin, Lady Clarko and Uh'mi V103' 9wiu8 to her early departure from can 4." 'a 'bo only performance that 0 08 given. P'toL 11811 waB Ailed -with a welt f Mr.V if re0 ,n Saturday ovoning, when l o 'H! ' , ar't'h variety company and Mr. I imdin. Lre Colorf"l minstrels appeared iu con- tithgoodcflect. Tbe varioort itomafa tho programmo appeared to givo great satisfac tion to thoso present. A orowded houso assembled at' tho Hibernian Hall on Saturday night, whon D'Aroy Read's Ghost cntcrtainmont was again produced. The performance went off without a hitch, and the audienco wore vciy liberal with thoir applause of tho various items, tho novel working of tho Ghost evoking muoh amusement. Tho Lynch Family Bollringors and vocalists gavo an entertainment in tho Athenaeum Hall on Saturday ovening, iu tho presence of a largo and woll pleased audience. Messrs. Greig nnd MnrrftyXimitod will hold at thoir rooms to-day, at 12 o'clock, an Important auc tion salo of country and suburban properties. The annual meeting of contributors to the Homoeopathic Hospital will bo held at the board room of tbe institution to-day, at 3.30 p.m. Tho annual general meeting of tho Melbourne Bodies Benevolent Society will bo held in the com mittee room of the Assembly Hall, Collins-street, this afternoon. Wo are requested to draw attention to tho lecture by Mr. John Valo (Victorian Alliance), which ho dolivers this evening in tho hall adjoining Dr. Sevan's church. At tho manfcfnr nf t.h« Jnwfaft I.ifaMaw bm:.4. this evening, at tho Australian Lecture Hall, Mr. John Monosh, will deliver a lecture on Islam : Its Itiso and Growth. Tho united annual meeting of tho Victorian Deaf and Dumb Institution and tho Victorian Asylum and School for tho Blind will bo hold in tho Prahran Town Hall, this evening, undor the presidency of his Excellency the Acting-Governor. Wo are re quested to mention that tho mooting will be held in tlio new hall, tho entranco to which is from GrovUle-streot. 