THE NOVELIST. A MINER'S MILLION. BY J. MONK FOSTER, Author of "Carchester's Vengeance," "For Love and Gold," "A Poor Man's Tragedy," &c.; [ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.] CHAPTER XVI. A CUP OF TEA. Lady Ruth left the room as quietly and apparently as unconcerned as if she had just concluded an interview with her dressmaker. But her full red lips hid sharp white teeth viciously clenched, and behind her smooth brow there lay a clever brain at that moment ablaze with thoughts of rejected love, humbled pride, mad, vengeful schemes, all jumbled together under that crown of bonny brown hair. Just outside the door her ladyship paused a moment, then she walked towards the chamber in which Wilson Gray lay. In the passage leading to this room she found the hired nurse seated, reading, quite compla- cently, Wilkie Collins's "Woman in White." The door of the sick chamber was closed, and Lady Ruth said:-- "What are you doing here, Mrs. Greg- son?" "Readin', your ladyship," the nurse replied, as she closed the book, keeping one finger between the leaves, and mentally re- senting her ladyship's intrusion at a time when her novel was most interesting. "How long have you been away from your patient?" "Ever since the young gentleman and lady came, your ladyship." "And you know that my husband is not fit to be left for so long." "He ordered me from the room, and when I tapped at the door a bit since I was told to wait outside a bit longer. The young lady is with Mr. Gray yet." "Were they talking?" "Yes." "What about? you know your patient must not be agitated." "I couldn'n hear what they were talkin' about, but the young lady seemed to have been cryin', her eyes were so red and swelled like." Without another word Lady Ruth retraced her steps till she reached the door of the room in which she had left Walter Gray. Tapping the panel with her white knuckles she turned the knob and entered. Walter was seated in an easy chair, his legs out- stretched smoking and waiting for the bit of supper her ladyship had promised him. When the door opened he thought his repast was coming and was evidently surprised to see Lady Ruth again. "You will think me a bad housewife, Mr. Gray, for keeping you waiting so long for supper," she said smiling. "Mrs. Bayley was asleep and the kitchen fire was nearly out. But the tea will be ready in a few min- utes now. You might have had some wine while the tea was getting ready." "I'll wait, thank you," Walter replied. "I'm rather sleepy now, and wine would only make me worse." "I'll send her with the tea the moment it is ready," and with that Lady Ruth again left the room. Then her ladyship went into the house- keeper's quarters, finding Mrs. Bayley and another of the servants seated before a cosy fire, and chatting amiably over an excellent supper. There was a suspicion of something stronger than beer in the warm atmosphere of the room, and the faces of the women were flushed with--perhaps the heat of the big fire. If her ladyship noticed the strong scent she did not speak of it, simply saying-- "Your master's cousin, Mr. Walter Gray, wishes to have some supper. Will you get him something, and make him a cup of tea at once?" "Can have some supper and tea ready in a minute, your ladyship--where shall I take it?" "You'll find Mr. Gray in the morning room." "Yes, your ladyship, I'll find him," said Mrs. Bayley, as she put the bright copper kettle on the fire, and then Lady Ruth left the kitchen, going thence to her own room. A bright fire was also burning in her lady- ship's boudoir, filling the low chamber with light though the gas was turned down. Clos- ing the door, she drew a low chair on to the tiger-skin rug, dropped listlessly into it, and stared moodily at the glowing coals. Her face had a strange look of repose on it, but her big brown eyes were fairly alive with light, denoting the fierce working of her mind. She was reviewing the incidents of the last hour; her passion and humiliation; Walter's indifference, and her love; and his intense scorn of her actions and cha- racter. Again she listened to his harsh, unloving words telling her that all her scheming had been worse than useless--that she was only Wilson Gray's paramour and her offspring illegitimate. In the ruddy glow of the fire she saw herself kneeling to Walter, asking him to spare her the pain and shame of exposure, and her frame quivered with passion as she remembered the contumely he had heaped upon her. How much had she lost in one short hour. Before Walter's return with Alice Gray, Lady Ruth believed herself to be the wife and heiress of Wilson Gray, and the only woman in existence for whom Walter Gray ever cherished a warm thought. Now she had learned that she was no wife at all, and there was small prospect of her inheriting Wilson Gray's possessions. In the sick chamber from which she had been so effectually excluded was the new heiress, and doubtless Wilson Gray had already made a new will in favour of his newly-found daughter. Lady Ruth's even teeth clenched viciously, and a wave of evil passion swept over her heart as she recognised of how much Alice Gray had robbed--yea, robbed her. Of husband, home, wealth, and lover she had been deprived by this white-faced intruder. For a moment a murderous impulse mas- tered that beauteous creature staring so intently into the fire. She was seized with a mad longing to dig her fingers into her rival's fair face; to drag out her hair in handfuls, and to beat her to death. Gentle rare-faced Alice Gray would not have been safe just then in the same room as that splendid tigress. "He will not expose me!" she murmured slowly, her lips curling scornfully. "How thankful I ought to be. I am to drag myself away quietly to some spot and amend my ways. Wilson will die, then they will be married, and all I hoped to possess will be this woman's. Love, riches, and social plea- sures for them, neglect, poverty, and social outlawry for me!" For a moment she paused, silently contem- plating the picture her words had conjured up. Then she cried out, springing to her feet: "No! no! no! by heaven this shall not be. I'll kill myself first, and them too!" She was walking about the room now. All the passion in her concentrated on one thing, vengeance--balm for all her pain and humil- iation. To satisfy her two objects must be attained. She must have Wilson Gray's wealth and Walter Gray's love. What was life to her shorn of luxurious ease and passion- ate affection. Wilson Gray's money would purchase the first, Walter's heart would supply the other. These things she desired and would have at any cost! They were as requisite to her existence as meat and drink to plodding mortals. "But how was she to get them?" She asked herself that, and for a time she failed to find an answer. She had so little time and room to work in. The situation seemed to defy all her cleverness. Any way out of the difficulty would be acceptable now. There she was idling in her room, and the current of events was drifting her away further and further from her hopes. The devil in her nature was awake now and inciting her to action. Circumstance had called forth all her worser passions, and she was daring and wicked enough now to become a Borgia. Suddenly she stopped and dropped into the chair beside the fire. The idea had come at last. A minute's reflection and her cunning brain suggested all the details neces- sary for working it out. Then she jumped to her feet again, crossed the room, and turned up the gas. Not a moment to lose or her idea might be valueless and impracticable. Even now she might be too late. How long had she been in her room? What! only ten minutes, and it seemed so long. How much she had thought and suffered and schemed in that brief period. Mrs. Bayley would not have made Walter's tea yet, and if she were quick there was still time. In one corner of Lady Ruth's boudoir stood a massive piece of antique furniture, evidently several centuries old; a kind of ancient chest with many drawers, and tall carved back. On coming to live at the Priory Lady Ruth had found the old chest in one of the rooms, and she had it carried to her private chamber, explaining to Wilson that she loved old oaken furniture. Lady Ruth had seen a similar chest some- where, apparently the work of the same hand, and she remembered that its posses- sors had pointed out a secret drawer in which had been found several rare and valuable MS. She was eager to see if this chest found in the Priory contained a similar feature. It did; and its contents greatly surprised her. The discovery had never been made known to any one; the contents of the old chest had a powerful attraction for her, amounting almost to fascination. What she had found in the secret drawer she had handled often, wondering much as to who had hidden the things there and for what purpose. There was a halo of mystery about the matter, and this had proved irre- sistible to her ladyship. She was glad now that she had kept the discovery to herself. She would test the contents of the drawer at once. Bending down beside the chest she placed a finger-tip on a knobby portion of one of the chest's carved feet, pressed firmly, and the side of the chest moved slowly out, disclos- ing a wide tall bookcase-sort of chamber, with shelves five or six inches in depth. On the lower shelves were several curiously shaped phials, on the higher ones a few rusty books, and some sheets of yellow manuscript. 'Twas but the work of a few moments to open the chest, and pick up one of the phials labelled Phthoxania, draw the tight- fitting glass stopper, and turn some of the contents into her palm. Then she closed the door of the secret chamber after replacing the phial, and left the room, going towards the housekeeper's quarters at a quick pace. "Am just taking the supper up, your lady- ship," said Mrs. Bayley, apologetically, for she thought Lady Ruth had come to hurry her on with Mr. Gray's supper. "Have made him a good cup of strong tea, which he'll like--does he take milk with it?" "Let me see the tea, Mrs. Bayley," said Lady Ruth pleasantly. "Mr. Gray is very particular about his tea--doesn't like it stewed, you know." "It's just drawn off, your ladyship." "It will do nicely; give me a drop of it; I feel rather thirsty, and it will help to keep me awake." Mrs. Bayley went for another cup, the other servant had departed, and Lady Ruth quickly dropped the small portion of tea-like stuff she held in her hand into the pot. Mrs. Bayley came with the cup, poured out some tea, sweetened it, and gave it to her mistress, who sipped it, or appeared to do so. Mrs. Bayley hurried away with Walter's supper, and Lady Ruth tossed her mugful of tea behind the big kitchen fire, where it hissed and sputtered as though it were declaiming against such treatment. Then she went back to her pretty chamber, dropped into the luxurious chair, placed her feet on the fender, her elbows on her knees, her hands under her chin, and reverted to her old occupation of staring into the red mass of coal, fashioning with her fancy pic- tures there. She had taken a dangerous step. What would be the result? Perhaps success; and the fruition of all her ambitions--perhaps discovery and punishment. But the latter was hardly probable. No one in the Priory \--perhaps no one living-- knew of the exist- ence of the drug she had mixed with Walter Grey's tea, and which he had very likely par- taken of by that time. What if the drug failed to do what was claimed for it? In that case all her daring would have been wasted! She knew nothing of the stuff, some one had called Phthoxania, save what she had learned from the yellow manuscript in the antique chest. The writer might have overestimated its proper- ties, and the whole thing prove a farce. Then another thought came, sending a sharp pang through her. Suppose the power of the drag had been understated, and its effects were fatal? Good God! Perhaps she had killed him! That would be a fearful ending to all her daring scheming! This thought forced big beads of sweat to her ladyship's brow, and she rose to her feet pacing uneasily about the room. What was Walter doing at that moment? Had he drunk the tea. She could not withstand the suspense much longer. If no word came soon she must go and see what had been the result of her scheme. Another turn or two about the room, then she heard sounds of feet in the corridor out- side, next a hurried knock at the door. Hastily turning up the gas she flung herself into the chair previously occupied, assumed a negligent attitude, and said, languidly: "Come in." Mrs. Bayley entered, white-faced and too fluttered to find speech easy. At last she managed to exclaim: "Mr. Gray! Mr. Gray!" "What of him? What is the matter, woman? Speak, can't you?" "He's in a fit or something?" Mrs. Bayley gasped. "Where is he?" "In the room where he had his supper." "Who's with him?" This was asked as Lady Ruth hurried out of the room with the scared housekeeper at her heels. "Mrs. Gregson. I told her first and she sent me to you." "Go and awake some of the men at once. Send one of them for Dr. Fleming, and let some of the others come to move Mr. Gray." Entering the chamber in which she had left Walter less than half an hour before, she found the nurse bathing Walter's forehead with cold water. He lay on his back on the carpet, an overturned chair beside him and a broken teacup a few feet away. He seemed to have been seized whilst at supper, for some fragments of meat were on the table and the cloth was wet with tea. "What is the matter with him, Mrs. Gregson?" Lady Ruth said tenderly as she bent over Walter, laying her soft white hand on his burning brow. "Seems to be only a fainting fit, your lady- ship." "Nothing worse?" "Think not. Anxiety, trouble, or some- thing like that. He'll come round in a bit." "What must I do. A doctor must be sent for, of course. I have told Mrs. Bayley to rouse the servants and send one of them." "I don't think a doctor is wanted, my lady. See, he's comin' round now." Walter began to show signs of animation. He lifted his arms, twisted on the floor, but his face still remained deadly white with a strange expression on it. Presently he opened his eyes for a moment, stared about him vacantly, but did not seem to recognise either Lady Ruth or Mrs. Gregson. "Mr. Gray," cried Ruth tenderly, "You are better now, you will be all right soon. Speak to me." "He'd p'raps like a drop of brandy, my lady," suggested the nurse, but Walter did not take the slightest notice of what either of them said. He closed his eyes again, was as quiet as before, but breathing heavily like a tired sleeper. "He's sleepin' now," said the nurse. "Couldn't do better. Sleep's better than physic. Let him be put to bed, and he'll be all right when he wakens. See if he isn't." "Perhaps it will be the best thing to do," her ladyship murmured, her voice denoting great concern. "The servants are here now." Just then Mrs. Bayley and two men- servants entered. Lady Ruth bade them carry Walter into one of the nearest bed- rooms. When the men had carried Walter out she turned to Mrs. Bayley, saying to her-- "Has any one gone for a doctor?" "Not yet, but Mr. Williams will be here in a minute. I told him to be quick." "He need not go now. Mrs. Gregson says a doctor is unnecessary. Mr. Gray has only fainted, and will be all right in the morning after a good sleep." "He'll be all right when he wakens," Mrs. Gregson iterated. "How is your patient, Mrs. Gregson?" "Must be all right--I mean no worse, or the young lady would have let me know. She's been with him for nearly an hour now, and it's time he had his medicine." "Do not tell your patient, or the young lady, of Mr. Gray's illness. 'Twould only upset them, and matters are serious enough already. You go, Mrs. Bayley, and watch by Mr. Gray for awhile; and you, Mrs. Gregson, had better return to your patient; he may need you any time." "So I was thinking," said the nurse, and she moved towards the door. "I wish to see my husband the moment he is at liberty, Mrs. Gregson. Let me know the moment he is alone." "I won't forget, your ladyship," and then she returned to "The Woman in White." Left alone in the room, Lady Roth walked to the table, took up the teapot, lifted the lid, and looked inside. About a cupful of tea still remained in the pot. It must be got rid of immediately. Whilst she was considering how to get rid of it there was a tap at the door, and then some one entered. The blood rushed to her face, and she confronted the intruder guiltily. 'Twas Williams, Wilson Gray's valet. "Mrs. Bayley said you wanted me, your ladyship," he said very humbly. "I did want you, Williams, but I don't need you now. If I do require you I will send for you." She spoke very pleasantly to the valet, and he left the room. Then she seized hold of the pot, placed it under her arm, and the lace shawl thrown over her shoulders was pulled down to cover it. This done, she re- turned to her boudoir. There, she thrust her slim hand into the pot, pulled out a handful of leaves, and examined them close to the gaslight. The tea leaves were plainly distinguishable by their serrated edges, and among the dark mass of tea leaves were to be seen small atoms of crimsoned-coloured matter. 'Twas the drug she had dropped into the pot, and whose direful potency Walter's condition fully attested. She was very glad she had brought the tea- pot and its contents with her. No telling what might have been discovered had she left it in the morning-room. She placed the handful of leaves among the hot coals, al- lowed every drop of liquid to drain from the pot, then she cleaned out the remaining leaves, and dropped them also on the fire. After cleaning out the pot she put it away in the secret recess of the antique chest. The teapot was a pretty bit of wedgewood, quaint shaped, and rare, and Mrs. Bayley would be hunting high and low for it. It was not very probable that the housekeeper would find her piece of crockery. Walter Gray had been put to bed, and there he lay still asleep, and breathing heavily. His face was rigid and ashen-hued, and a strange expression hovered over his features. Mrs. Bayley was seated by the bed and Lady Ruth was standing beside it, gazing intently on the pale face of the man she loved so passionately. "Has he never regained consciousness?" Lady Ruth asked. "No, he's never stirred since they put him there. His face would frighten me if he did not breathe so hard. I think he's very bad." "Perhaps it would have been better if we had sent for Doctor Fleming." Lady Ruth stooped low till her lips almost touched the sleeping man's face. "Perhaps," returned Mrs. Bayley. "But Mrs. Gregson said he would be all right, and she's had lots of experience." "Will you get me a drop of wine or some- thing, I feel tired and faint. I'll wait here by Mr. Gray till you return." "Certainly, your Ladyship," and the housekeeper hurried away. Walter Gray's clothes were thrown over a chair-back. Walter was still slumbering, and as the door closed on Mrs. Bayley Lady Ruth picked up Walter's coat, felt in the pockets and drew forth the marriage lines, the locket, and portrait he had shown her a while before. She had noticed the pocket in which he placed them, and found them at once. She glanced over them to make sure she had got what she wanted, then she thrust them into her pocket. When Mrs. Bayley came back she found her mistress sitting quietly by the bedside. Lady Ruth drank the wine with a great show of pleasure, and appeared to be greatly benefited thereby. Then she rose, thanked the other, and said:-- "You will let me know how Mr. Gray goes on. I'll send someone to relieve you as soon as I have been to see my husband." "I'll let you know, my lady, and you don't need to trouble about any one. I can manage till morning." "Reading still, Mrs. Gregson?" "Yes." "And the young lady and my husband?" "Are still together?" "What does this mean? Wilson is too seriously ill to be neglected for such a length of time. You ought to have returned long since." "I'm only a servant, my lady, and he gave me positive orders not to enter the room till I was called for." "But I cannot allow him to endanger his life to gratify this woman's whim. Very likely she is telling him something of an exciting nature, and who knows what may be the consequence. I will wait no longer. Come with me--hush!" They paused by the door of the sick room and listened. All was still within. Not a word or sound of any kind fell on their attentive ears. "Shall I knock?" said Mrs. Gregson. "Is the door locked?" "No!" "Then well go in," and they entered, Lady Ruth opening the door and going first. Just inside the chamber they paused and glanced towards the bed, and their eyes met an un- expected sight. There in a chair sat Alice Gray asleep, and Wilson Gray seemed to be slumbering also. Overcome with fatigue, probably, Alice had laid her head against the chair-back and dozed off in a moment. "Poor thing, she's quite knocked up," said Mrs. Gregson, and Lady Ruth stepped lightly across the room, and touched Alice on the shoulder. She started up, and for a moment or two did not know where she was. Then she remembered. "How neglectful I am," she cried, "to fall asleep; but I was so tired. He is still asleep, it seems; and when he was dozing off he told me not to leave him. A long sleep will do him good, won't it?" Wilson Gray was laid on his side with his face turned from Alice and the other two. Alice spoke very low so that he would not be awakened. "Yes, it will do him good," Lady Ruth answered. "Much good, indeed," Mrs. Gregson ven- tured to remark. Then Lady Ruth went up to the bed, bent low over Wilson, and looked into his face. Suddenly she sprang upright with a cry of dismay. "What's the matter!" Alice asked, rising from her chair. "He is dead!" her ladyship answered in a low, awed tone. "Dead!" cried Alice and the nurse in a joint whisper. "Yes, dead. He is quite cold now." "God forgive my neglect!" cried Alice, the tears filling her eyes, "for when he was dying I slept." "And I wasn't at my post," sighed poor Mrs. Gregson. "But it wasn't my fault." CHAPTER XVII. A GLASS OF WINE. When Walter quitted the room, leaving father and daughter together, neither Wilson nor Alice spoke for a moment or two. The sight of Alice's face had brought to Wilson Gray his youth with all its wildnesses, follies, and its one pure passion. The sweet maid he had wooed 'mid Derbyshire's beautiful peaks and dales lived again in her equally beautiful daughter. "A sad meeting this, my dear," said Wilson, through thick sobs. "'Tis sad enough when the father has to bemoan his child's sins and follies, but it is a thousand times sadder still when a child has to weep over and excuse a sire's moral shortcomings. How can I ask of you to think of me as your father--how expect you to reciprocate the love I already feel? How can you think but harshly of me when I deserted your mother ere you were born, staying away from Eng- land for more than a score of years; and during all that time, little caring and seldom enquiring how either of you were faring. And even after I came into possession of my father's fortune, I never thought of seeking my wife and child. I only did so when frightened to it." "Walter says it was you whom I saw that day in the fields, and as true as there's a God above us, I thought you your mother's ghost. Perhaps heaven sent you to me as a warning. I am thankful now for it. We meet late in life, dear, but not too late. There is yet time for contrition and restitution--contrition for your mother's suffering, and restitution for her child--and mine. "I cannot hope to ever hear you call me father. I have sinned too much, and my punishment must be in proportion. Father is a blessed word I shall never hear from lips of child of mine, sad I--I deserve it all." His words came slowly and his tears fast. He covered his palid face with his lank hands, and the big, bitter tears trickled through his fingers. His weak frame shook with emotion, and he presented a powerful picture of intense shame and passionate regret. Alice Gray had come to Aldayne Priory with no great love in her heart for the father who had deserted his wife and child. She was no romantic young lady, eager to fling herself into a new-found father's arms. Her reason told her that her sire was a weak, foolish, and erring mortal--if nothing worse \--and she had told herself that in such a case as hers parental love could not be born in a day. But her father's tears melted all her reserve and his appealing, sorrowful words awoke all the sympathy in her big womanly breast. Her eyes grew moist, filled with tears, a big lump rose in her throat, and she burst out:-- "Father! dear father, do not cry so. For- give me for being so undaughterly. Father, let me comfort you--let me kiss you!" Need I record it that Wilson Gray per- mitted his rare-faced child to kiss and kiss him again and again. And those warm kisses made father and daughter feel much better and easier of mind. They conversed more freely after that. "And now, darling, tell me something about yourself. When did your mother die?" "Last Christmas. I buried her in a pretty cemetery just outside Manchester." "She died broken-hearted! Good God! what I have to answer for!" "No, not broken-hearted. But her life was not what it deserved to have been." "She thought me all bad, like the rest of my friends thought me?" "No! no! She believed in you to the last moment. Robert Wilson was the last name on her lips. I doubted you, but she never swerved in her belief." In his weak, failing voice he plied her with many questions. She had to relate in detail all her early life, her mother's struggles to clothe, feed, and educate her child respectably. How her mother had stitched away all day to buy them bread, and taught her to read when work was scant. He lay contentedly on his pillows, Alice's hand lying between his own damp palms, watching every varying expression of her sweet rare face, discovering every moment some new resemblance in it to that of the maid's he had loved, wooed, won, and deserted in the wild, mad days of his youth. "There is one thing, Alice," said Wilson fervently, "which gives me great satisfaction." "You are to be my cousin Walter's wife?" "Yes," she answered shyly, a blush light- ing up her pale face and making it irresistibly sweet and alluring. "Had I all the world to choose from he is the one I would name as your husband. There is not his like in all the land--what's that?" "Some one at the door." "Send them away, then. Don't let any one come in. We can't be disturbed by anybody--- only Walter." She went to the door. The nurse was there, and Alice told her to wait awhile. Then she returned to her father's side, and the interrupted conversation was renewed. "How fortunate it is, dear, that you and Walter are sweethearts. The fortune my cousin gave up so nobly will be his again, and my child's too. I've made no will yet, but I'll make one to-morrow. Perhaps a will is unnecessary, but we had better be sure." "Don't let it trouble you, father." "Now, I won't, but to-morrow I must. I am tired now--quite sleepy. If I fall asleep don't leave me. I like to think of you watch- ing by my side." "Let me fetch Walter." "He is busy I daresay." "Busy, father?" "Yes, dear. He is breaking the news to Lady Ruth of my first marriage. To- morrow I must arrange about her and the child. Don't leave me, Alice; don't leave me. I am so tired." She promised, and he fell quietly asleep. She struggled awhile to keep awake, but she had been awake long and the incidents of that eventful day had tired both body and mind. In a few minutes more her eyelids sunk on her cheeks, her head pillowed itself against the back of the chair, and she also slumbered. The touch of Lady Ruth's hand roused Alice to wakefulness, and, waking she found that whilst she slept her father had passed peacefully and painlessly away. "Where is Walter? Where is Mr. Gray ?" Alice cried, turning from her father's stony face. "Come to my room--come at once; this is no place for either of us." Lady Ruth placed her arm round Alice's waist, and led her unresistingly away. Her ladyship was evidently greatly moved, thought Alice, by Wilson Gray's death. Her eyes were full of tears, her voice, thick with emotion, and Alice felt very kindly towards Lady Ruth for evincing such sorrow at her father's death. Lady Ruth had well considered the terrible task she had set herself. The part she had to play was both difficult and dangerous, but she had commenced the work, and was re- solved to carry it through. The first half of the scheme had succeeded grandly, and she had no doubts as to being able to succeed with the rest. Lady Ruth led Alice from the chamber of death, and outside the room the latter again enquired for her lover. Just then her lady- ship wished to be rid of Alice, as she wanted to speak to Mrs. Gregson, and she addressed one of the men who helped to carry Walter to bed, who happened to be loitering about. "Here, Simmons," she said, "you know Mr. Gray's room, show this lady there. You must excuse me, my dear, I have so much to arrange. This is a sad business, but we must meet it bravely. I will see you again in a few minutes." Alice and the servant went away, then Lady Ruth turned to Mrs. Gregson, her big brown eyes still full of moisture, and her voice tremulous with suppressed emotion. "This is a great trial for me, Mrs. Greg- son," she murmured, placing one hand on the nurse's shoulder for support. "My husband dead and his relative taken seriously ill. Mr. Walter would have been a great help to me had he been well. I hardly know what to do. It is the first time death has ever come so near me. I know you will help me, and I will not be ungrateful. You have had experience of these sad things, and will advise me." "I will do all I can, my lady," cried the nurse warmly, quite won by Lady Ruth's amiable words. "I know you would, Mrs. Gregson; I knew you would not desert me. I shall telegraph for my mother the first thing in the morning. And until she comes do whatever you think best. The servants are all at your disposal, and will do whatever you may wish done. My housekeeper, Mrs. Bayley, is almost as unused to these sad things as I am, and she will be glad to help you." "Don't let it trouble you, my lady; I'll take charge of everything till the Countess comes." Lady Ruth's troubles seemed to have affected her greatly; she still lingered with Mrs. Gregson, and said presently in quite a friendly tone-- "Poor Miss Wilson! I am so sorry for her, she seemed greatly affected, didn't she?" "Is the young lady named Wilson?" asked the nurse. "Yes, I am so sorry for her." "She seemed greatly put about, my lady; she did indeed." "And no wonder, poor girl!" "Indeed! Why?" the nurse ventured to ask, for Lady Ruth had spoken in a tone which almost asked for, and certainly invited questioning on the subject of Alice Wilson, as her ladyship had called Alice Gray. "My poor husband was her father." "Her father, your ladyship?" Mrs. Greg- son blurted out. "I must admit that such is the case. She is illegitimate, of course--the child of some poor ignorant girl Wilson led astray in his wild, young days. Still, she is his child for all that, and I respect my husband's memory all the more for wanting to see her before he died, and placing her above the reach of poverty." "Well, I must say I never should have thought of such a thing!" "Very few people know about it, and there is nothing to be gained by letting the world know. I know I can trust you. Miss Wilson will be going away early--the sooner the better, don't you think so? for people might begin to wonder who she is." "Just so, your ladyship, for people will talk, you know, if they got the chance." "Those people who did not love my hus- band would only be too glad to get hold of anything against him to blacken his memory. But I will not give them the chance. And if the matter became generally known it would make Miss Wilson's position vary uncom- fortable, wouldn't it? She is not to blame for her mother's weakness, and I will do what I can to hide the knowledge of her ignoble birth from the world." "There's not many would have done so much as you, my lady." "I am only doing my duty. I'll go now. I am so tired. Good night, and thank you very much." Lady Ruth walked slowly away, and the nurse looked after her, thinking what a good creature she was. Her ladyship had good reasons for telling Mrs. Gregson so much. 'Twas a detail of the daring and elaborate scheme she was working out. So far all had gone well. Walter Gray was out of the way for the present; Wilson Gray was dead, and she was heiress to all his wealth if he had not made a will within the last twenty-four hours. Whether the man had made a will or not she would soon learn from Alice Gray, who was certain to know. Luck, or circumstance, call it what you will, seemed to favour Lady Ruth, and she was eager to complete her work. The great- ness of the prizes for which she was working, precluded the possibility of turning back. She was fully prepared now to go to any length to accomplish her ends. All the better instincts of her nature were dead for the time. A devil was in her heart, and guiding hand and brain. She had set herself a goal, and would reach it, no matter what she had to trample under foot on the way. She had a right to use all her force of intellect to further her own ambitions; statesmen and warriors did so, why not she also? In the "struggle for existence" the weak must necessarily suffer. 'Twas only natural that the strongest should survive. There were a few holes in Lady Ruth's moral code, and she attempted to fill them with bits of philosophic putty. Simmons took Alice to the door of the room, in which Walter lay, and pointing to the closed door said-- "Mr. Gray is there, ma'am." Then the man went on his way. Alice tapped at the door, and some one, not Walter she felt sure, said-- "Come in." She opened the door and entered. She glanced round the room, saw a bed in which somebody was laid, and a woman sat beside, it. She started back in confusion, saying-- "Pardon me! I have made a mistake. I wished to see Mr. Gray, and one of the ser- vants sent me here in mistake." She was on the threshold of the room, her hand on the door, ready to retire when she was startled by hearing Mrs. Bayley, the woman seated at the bedside, say-- "Mr. Gray is here, Miss." "Here? Where?" Alice cried. "In bed, poor thing, and looks likely for remaining there for many a day." "My God! What is the matter with him?" And the affrighted girl started to the bed- side, where she gazed with tearful eyes and tender loving looks on the white senseless face she saw there. "He's very poorly, my dear; very poorly indeed. Had a fit or something of the sort; didn't you hear about it?" "Not a word, not a single word! When did this happen?" "Perhaps half an hour since, or maybe three-quarters. He was taken sudden like while having some supper. I was serving him and went out of the room for a minute, and when I got back I found him lying white and senseless on the floor." "And what does the doctor say of Walter's sudden attack?" "No doctor's seen him." "How's that! Surely one ought to have been sent for immediately." "Mrs. Gregson--the woman who is nursing master--has seen lots of such cases, she says, and it's only a fainting fit, she thinks. She says he'll be all right after a good long sleep." "This looks more like death than sleep. The woman may be mistaken, and he may be seriously ill--may perhaps die. A doctor ought to be sent for at once." "Just as I think, Miss." "Does your mistress know of this?" "She does. I fetched her first when it happened." "And why did she not send for a doctor?" "She wanted to do so, but Mrs. Gregson said 'twasn't any use. He'd be all right in the morning." Just then the chamber door opened and Lady Ruth glided in. There was a look of sadness hovering o'er her face, and her eyes seemed red with crying. She went up to Alice, saying sorrowfully:-- "How cruel it was of me to let them bring you here. I forgot that you did not know of Mr. Gray's attack. I am so sorry for my negligence. What a terrible shook it would be to you to come here and find him lying there like that." "It was. How deathlike he seems? Don't you think that a doctor ought to be called in to see him?" "I thought so at first, but was advised by Mrs. Gregson not to send for one, as Mr. Gray's attack was only the result of fatigue and would pass off after a sound sleep. Still, if you wish it I'll send for a doctor at once." "I do wish it!" Alice cried firmly. "I shall feel much more satisfied when a doctor is in attendance on him." "Mrs. Bayley, go at once and order Williams to fetch Doctor Fleming. I shall feel easier myself when a medical man has seen him." The housekeeper went on her mission, and then Lady Ruth said:-- "Will you allow me to show you to your room now, Miss Wilson? I know how tired you are with all to-day's anxieties. I am almost dead myself from sheer fatigue." "I would rather stay here," said Alice quite naively. "Here?" Lady Ruth exclaimed in great surprise. "Yes, here," Alice replied firmly. "He seems to be seriously ill, and my place is near him, your ladyship." "Whatever makes you think so, my dear Miss Wilson. True Mr. Gray is my husband's cousin, but that is no reason why you need kill yourself by watching by his bed." "Oh, I forgot!" Alice stammered, her pale face reddening with sweet shame. "Perhaps you do not know that Walter and I are en- gaged." "Engaged?" "Yes; did he not tell you?" "Certainly not. And even if you were engaged that will not justify your staying here alone. My servants do not know of your engagement, and would not think too well of you for your self-denial." "Still----" "Not a word now, Mrs. Bayley is return- ing. In any case it is better not to stay here. You will be ill yourself shortly, and one dead person and another ill one are quite enough. Come with me, I have much to tell you." Mrs. Bayley came in and announced that Williams had gone for the doctor, then Alice and Lady Ruth went out of the room together. At the door her ladyship re- marked:-- "I have had a room prepared for you and some slight refreshment. I will accompany you there and we can have a chat. How you surprised me when you said that you and Mr. Walter Gray were engaged. From what he told me I should never have dreamt of such a thing." "What did he tell you?" Alice asked, looking suspiciously at her companion. But Lady Ruth did not answer Alice just then. "This is the room, Miss Wilson"--open- ing the door. "They've lit a fire, I see. An old room but a comfortable one. Excuse me a moment, my dear, I'll be back directly." Alice went into the room and dropped into a chair on one side of the fire burning in an old-fashioned grate. Lady Ruth saw Alice seated, then she darted away to her boudoir. Going in, she looked the door, crossed the room to where the antique chest stood, dropped on her knees, and opened the secret chamber. Again she took up the curiously shaped phial, drew the stopper, and shook out a small quantity of the tea-like stuff it contained into her hand. Then she put back the phial, closed the secret door, jumped to her feet, unlocked the boudoir door, and in half a minute more she was seated in an easy chair opposite Alice. The room in which the women sat was one of the oldest-looking in the Priory. Most of the other apartments had been renovated ac- cording to modern ideas of beauty and com- fort. But this chamber had been left its oaken wainscot and floor, yet it did not look an uncomfortable place, with a big fire glow- ing cheerily in the grate and casting shadows about the corners and behind the chairs. A thick carpet of some rich, soft Turkish stuff covered the polished floor, and some ornaments on the carved mantelpiece, and a few pictures relieved the room from gloomi- ness. The gas was burning low when Alice entered the room, and it was still turned down when Lady Ruth returned. The half light made by the fire accorded with Alice Gray's thoughts just then, and it suited her ladyship's purposes admirably. "This is a strange experience for you, and a sad one, Miss Wilson," said Lady Ruth as she seated herself. "I understand that you have seen your father for the first time to-- night. Strange and sad that the first time should be the last time also." "Walter told you then that Wilson Gray was my father?" "Yes, he told me all there was to tell, I think. I was very much surprised, of course, and, perhaps, a little hurt at first to think that Wilson could have done such a thing. But his death has swept all my petty anger away. Believe me, Miss Wilson, I could not respect you more were you the daughter of a duchess. You are not to be held responsible for the weakness and folly of your parents. We are all mortal, and the best may err. No doubt your father will have dealt fairly by us all in his will. You are his child quite as much as mine is, and have equal moral if not legal claims upon him." "He has made no will. He said so only a short time before he died. He said he would make one to-morrow, never thinking the end was so near. But," Alice continued, looking at the other, "I hardly understand what you mean when you speak of me not being held responsible for the weakness and folly of my parents? And again, when you spoke of equal moral, if not legal claim's upon my father!" "Really, Miss Wilson, I do not care to speak more plainly. It is such a delicate matter that one can hardly hope to touch it without giving offence. Surely you know what I mean?" "I do not. I fancy you are labouring under some mistake. But tell me plainly what you mean?" "You leave me no choice, so I must. Well, then, my husband and your mother were, unfortunately, never married, and, consequently, you are--well, illegitimate." "I used to think so until yester-morning. But I know now that my father and mother were married before my birth. Who told you they were not?" "Mr. Walter Gray." "Walter Gray told you?" "Yes." "I know you must be mistaken, for it was Walter who proved their marriage. He has their marriage certificate with him now. My mother and father were married in the year of 1850 at St. John's Church, in the parish of Roxforde, in Yorkshire." "If so, whatever induced Mr. Gray to tell me a deliberate falsehood?" "Walter could never have told you such a thing. You must have misunderstood him entirely." "That he told me I am sure, and what makes me more confident still is this. After pointing out that you were illegitimate, he said that you would not be able to claim a penny of your father's money unless he made a will in your favour. This incident makes me certain that I am correct." Her ladyship rose, and going to the table poured out two glasses of wine. Alice was staring into the fire, wondering if it were possible that Walter had told Lady Ruth that she were illegitimate. After filling the glasses Lady Ruth turned, and seeing that she was unnoticed, dropped something into one of the glasses. Taking the other in her hand she returned to her seat, and after sip- ping from it placed it on the mantelpiece. "Won't you take a drop of wine? See, I've poured you out some. It will refresh you." "I cannot believe that Walter would tell you this--I will not believe it until I hear him say so myself," said Alice, ignoring Lady Ruth's latter words about the wine. "I have been lying then, have I? Many thanks for your courtesy." "You must have been mistaken," Alice again replied emphatically. "The mistake is on your side, I fancy. And you have made more than one mistake. A short time ago you stated that Mr. Gray and you were engaged--to be married, I suppose. Whether you spoke the truth or not I do not know, but I do know that he gave me to understand that he was quite free and had not the slightest notion of marrying you." Alice jumped to her feet and faced Lady Ruth, saying warmly-- "I am convinced now that you lie. You are telling me all these falsehoods with a purpose. You wish to estrange us from each other. But he told me all about you, and I am on my guard. He is too good and true to be guilty of any mean act." Lady Ruth now rose to her feet, and going to Alice placed her hand gently on her shoulder. Her ladyship was no mean actress; deep womanly sympathy showed in her eyes and face, and her gestures and tones were extremely tender as she said-- "How sorry I am for you, Miss Wilson. How deep your faith in him is, and how little he deserves it. If I were to jest on such a matter I should be a fiend, not a woman. I am sorry now that I have told you. Forgive me for doing so." Alice was stunned and beaten by Lady Ruth's words and action. She reeled back and would have fallen but for the table. She steadied herself with an effort; then see- ing the full glass of wine close to her fingers she seized it, carried it eagerly to her hot parched lips and drained the last drop. The wine gave her new life for the moment. With quivering heart and imploring look she turned to Lady Ruth, crying in her fierce agony. "Have you spoken falsely or truly? For God's sake tell me the truth!" "As true as there's a heaven above us," said Lady Ruth slowly, quietly almost, but with intense dramatic power in her voice and ges- ture, "I have spoken the truth." Alice uttered not another word. With a low moan of pain she sunk on the carpet at Lady Ruth's feet. "My God, I've given her too much! She is dead." 