YANISHED EMINENCES. (dailt news.) " Let us sit upon tho ground and toll sad stories of tho death of kings," says one of Shakespeare's characters. The invitation is ap propriate to the day, though not so appropriate as In the time of Richard ITT. Though monarchs havs suffored- violent deaths since then, it lias not been ths rule that toey should bo doposoa or ' slain in war," or " naunted. by toe ghosts tlioy havo deposed," or "poisoned by their wivos, some sleeping killed, all murdered." As for Royal suicide, it has iu recent times become compara tively rare. A Bavago monarch whom we worsted ' at Magdala blew out his brains in too agony of Ms misfortune. In this respect King Theodore unconsciously displayed toe spirit 01 Frederick tho Great, who carried about with bini iu toe. Seven Years' War a pill wliich would, if necessary, justify his boast that he would never be taken olive. His luck, however, was better than that of toe ill-fated King of Abyssinia. Nearly two years ago toe King of Bavaria voluntarily sought oblivion in the Lake of Starnsberg. Of his insanity there was even less doubt than there has - been of that of other princes who have trilled with lives that were not their own. Prince Rudolph's doath- "by his own hand is as mysterious as it is necessarily sudden. It has been observed by Bucklo and others that mili tary men commit suicide oftenor than other classes. Certainly there has been no little suicide among Continental officers lately. That in the cold law of averages a Royal victim should he counted in would probably not have surprised tho author of tho " History of Civili sation." The sensation of shock that has unquestion ably been caused by toe Archduke's death is of course due in great dogreo to toe eminent position he filled. His was necessarily a con spicuous figure, since, apart from any indi viduality of its own, it was that of toe ap parent heir to the Austrian throne. When such men so suddenly disapxicar, it is as if the familiar features of some landscape had been obliterated by volcanic agency. They are vanished ominences. Our awe at their pre- cqiitous disaxipearance is partly due to that, and partly to our helpless speculations as to what may be tho consequences, or as to what other alterations in toe earth's surface will sur prise us next. Wo have had many such sur prises lately. Although the Emperor Frederick's death from cancer so soon after Ms father died was in too ond quite anticipated, the first reve lation of the prospect of that death was dis tinctly one of those surprises. More akin to -the ovent at Meyerling was toe Prince Imperial's doath, not in toe nature of its violence, of course, but in toe facts that he did die by violence, and that ths hows come upon eveiybody with appalling suddenness, and that in him ware centred tho hopes of a dynasty. That event again recalls the death, by a fall from liis carnage, of Louis Philippe's son, the Duke of Orleans, in 1842. Though unlike those two princes, the Duke of Albany was neither heir nor pretender, his death also produced bi ffs suddenness toe same peculiar sensation or shock, intensified in this country by the near ness of his relationship to our Queon, and by the respect and confidence be bad in spired in too peoplo by Ms well-spent life. Hardly less sudden than in all these cases was tho blank cuusod by the death of the Princo Consort. It may therefore be men tioned among too painful surprises which in our times death has sprung upon us. The Princess Alice's death ranks with all of these in tragic interest, and above most of them in pathos. Napoleon the Third's disappearance from the map of Europe practically occurred at Sedan. That surrender took away the breath perhapB more than any event wliich can be recalled in modern reminiscence. His death, as has been somawhoro said, was after tliis but an anti climax. The sad fate in Mexico of Prince Rudolph's uncle, the Emperor Maximilian, is linked in association with the unfortunate Napoleonic 'namo. Of modern assassinations nono oquals in daring and horror, or in its paralysing effect upon the civilised world, the murder ot the Czar, Alexander H. If the sudden vanishing of eminence, due to rank, be impressive, as well proved by_ toe public reception of the events in our times above recalled, it is certainly no less strolling " when men eminent by their own merits are removed at a blow. The names of two Presidents of the United States who have succumbed to the violence of the assassin within the momory of the xwesent generation will at once loap to the reader's mind, as well as that of our own Indian Viceroy Lord Mayo, and oi that brave English general the hero of Lucknow, who, though he did- not die by the assassin's hand, was almost as suddenly lost to Ms country. Sir Robert Peel's death was liko tliOBe to . which we have referred in the sense of sudden void wliich it created ; and in tliis country at least the fate which in a similar way overtook Bishop "Wilber- force made a profound sensation. These are somo of the conspicuous figures suddenly re moved in recent time3. Others will occur to the memory of individual readers. If we include among our vanished eminences all who have had the eyes of toe world turned tor the moment upon them, the name of Lord Frederick Cavendish will not be forgotten. His violent end made the public hold their breath as much as any of the sad events here recorded. Nor can it ever be forgotten in tho l_ivc3 of the present generation how the world in thrilling suspense awaited the isBiie of that wonderful Nile expedition, which came within, touch oi Khartoum only to hear of the noble death of he gallant hero, Gordon. 