EDITING EXTRAORDINARY. During the State fair at Elmira many visitors from 'way back wended their waj into the newspaper printing offices. A very verdant specimen, Reuben Snyder, from Potter Go., Pa., strolled into the Telegram engine-room, and Baid to the engineer : ' Be yon the editor ?' 'No,' responded that official; 'you'll find the editor in the nest room.' Snyder went as directed by the joking engineer, and accosted the foreman of the press-room -wun : ' Yon be the editor, be you P' *? Yob,' said the printer of papers, who understood the joke. 'How long afore you're going to edit some papers ?' said Snyder. 'Bight now; look out !' answered the pressman/ pushing the lever, and starting the lightning perfecting-press at the same time. As the machine went to work turning out me papers eo xapimy mat it iiuiut) me uiu man dizzy, he put his hands on his knees, stack oat his elbows, opened wide his po tato trap, and yelled to hiB son, who stood in a distant part of the room : ' Great Scott, John, come over here and see this man edit papers !' The suppressed laughter among the pieBS- ioom bands got vent after the old fel low retired, and fairly shook the building. There is a young man np on Fifth Ave nue who is engaged in paying serious at tention to a lovely girl. As the happy event does not occur until spring, and as it will be . father cold work hanging on until the robins nest again, the young man has had himself an overcoat built with 8 pocket on the inner side of the right sleeve. It is lined with soft fur, .and on cold nights the young lady can tuckiier little hand into the pocket and be comfortable. «Jf course when they are married there will be no trouble in having the pocket sewed up, and then the young, lady can trot along beside her husband according to the direc tions for use after marriage. John : ' Do yon think you will always be as spoony on me after we are married, dearest?' Maud: 'Don't know, John. Depends npon how liberally you fork over.' Then followed a silence so thick that it could be cut with a butter knife, « Pa, do yon know your tables ?' 'Fairly veil, Johnnie. What do you wish to know ?' ' How many bushels make a hen Deck?' Wife (11.30 p.m.) : ' What's that horrid odor? Smells like alcohol.' Hnsband: 'Y-e-B, my dear, we use alcohol at the lodge for initiations. Take some alcohol, light it, pat salt in the flame, and it gives a ghastly yellow light; makes folks look like ghosts, yon know.' *' But that odor comes from your breath,' 'Y-e-s, m'dear; in the 37th degree I personate the chief demon with flames coming from his mouth. I take B mouthful of alcohol and a swallow of salt, and then set fire to it. But, m'dear, you mnsn't tell theBe things. Secret e'eiety secrets sacred, you know.' A music Btore waB burning down, and the fireman asked his chief : ' What ehall I play on first ?' The crowd shouted : ' Play on the pianoB first.' 'You know,' she said, as a clincher, ' woman is the salt of the earth.' ' Yob,' replied he, savagely, ' and the pepper, too.' 