\- CHAPTER XXI. A SCENE IN INDIA. He sipped his sh'erbat leisurely ?net even looking aain- at the horseman, who came on . swiftly, urging his-horse to a last burst of speed. -That" his Horse was jaded, his jerking, convulsive mode of going plainly showved. He "was :wet with sweat, and his head hung low, and he frequently stumbled. The horseman uirged him on with ipur and whip, now and then looking behind him as if he feared pursuit The major did not look up until the horsemandrew rein. before the bunga low,' and alighted at a hugh stone which served as a horseeblock. .The stranger came' slowly and falteiingly toiwards the verandahe.and then the sybaritic niajor set down his empty cup and glanced 'at him.: -. The glance became a fixed gaze, full of wildness and affright The" stranger slowly entered the shade of tha verandah, and there halted, his features working,' his form trembling. lie looked weary and trdel-stained. :His ha,ggard eyes spnee to the o.vner of. the bungalow in a tvlida tLhpeoiliard movementiof ? maton the major slowly. arose to h??+fet, iand, came; forward,,i .i ace quiver:on his lips. SDon't, ou.lnow me, major T' asked the straiger; wearily ' Great heaven!' cried the 'major, even .his lips growing white; ' It- is not a .ghost ! I. am not dreaming ! Has the-dead come to life? 'It is-it is-Sir Harold Wynde!' SOHAPTER XXII. BACK.AS PROM THE DEAD.: The stranger who stood 'upon the verandah of Major Archer's bungalow was tall and thin, with a haggard facs, worn and sharp of feature, and full of deeply-cut lines, such as a long. continued anguish never fails to fix on the features. His weary e) es were deeply sunken under his brows, and were outlined with dark circles, His hair was streaked with gray, and his long ragged beard was half gray also. His face was white like death, - and unutterably wan. Bis garments which were those of a native, were torn, and hung about his lank body in rags, save. where they were ill patched ivith, bits of rags and . vege table fibres. . Was Major Archer right? -Could this haggard and pitiable being tie Sir Harold Wynde of Hawkhurst, one of the richest baronets in England, who was supposed to have perished in the clutches of a tiget~. . It seemed incredible-impossible. 'And 'yet when the heavy eyelids lifted from the thin white cheeks,: and looked upon, the major,' it :was 'air jHarold's soul; that' looked throiugli them: They were the keei blue eyes the major 'remembered" so. well, 'so capable of sterness or of tenderness, so expiressive of the grand and noble soul, the pure. and lofty character, which had distinguished the baronet. Yes, the stranger was Sir .Harold Wynde-alive and well!' 'You know me then, majorT' he said. 'I am not changed as 1 thought,. bey yond all recognitioni' He held out his hand. The. major grasped it in a mixture ' of bewilder ment and amazement, and' not' with out a thrill of superstitious terror. ' I-1 thought you' were dead, Sir Harold,' he stammered. ' We thought so, Graham and all: We thought you were killed by a tiger. I-I don't know what to make of this. a Sir Harold let go the major's hand. and staggered to" the bamboo couch, upon which lie sank wearily. Ho's not dead- but dying,' imut tered the major. 'Lord bless -my soul What am.I to do ' KHe clapped his hands vigorously, A momnent later his Hindoo .servant SKarrah glided around upon the front verandah. 'Bring brandy-sherbet- anything !' gasped the najor, pointing at his guest. 'He's fainting Karrah.' : Sir Harold lifted his weary, head, and gazed upon .the Hiindoo.. The sight seemed to endue him with new life.' He leaped to his feet, and his blue eyes blazed with an awful lightning, as he pointed one long and bony finger at the native; and cried- 'Traitor ! Viper ! Arrest him; major. Inccuse him -' The Hindoo stood for- a second a ppalled~ but as the last words struck his lius hearing lie- u- ?.?. glance of deadly hatred, and thenturned in silence and fled from the bungalow, makin gtowards the ajngle. : - Something of the truth flashed upon the.major's mind. Ho roused'up his household in a moment, and despatched them in pursuit of the fugitive. Aroused by the tumult. Mrs. Archer came forth from her chamber. . She was a.portly woman,:'and was. dressed in a light print; and wore a cap, Her husband inmet her; in:the hall and told. her what' :had occurred. ' Restrainiing her curiosity, she hasten'ied.: to prepare foed and diidik for thereturndd baronet: :Meanwhile,- Sir H'arid- had- suinilk down a'gain" upon the cduch. iThe major approached him', and said .' You look worn out, Sir. Harold. r Iet meo show you to a'room, wherd I will attend upon you. My men will capture that scoundrel-never fear. Come with me.' The baronet arose and took the major's Sarm, and was led into the central hall of the c house, nmid into one of tlhe four rooms the ehouse contained. It was the room in which Shis son had died. The w?lindows were closely h shuttered, but admnittcd the air at the top. it The floor was of wood, and bare. A bed stead, couch, and chairs of banmboo comprised he furniture. At one side of thie room were two capacious closets. One of these "contained o a portable bath-tub, a rnack of fresh whita ir towels, and plenty of water. Thle other i, contained clothes dcpending from hooks. ' You'll find your own suit of clothes there, SSir Hlarold,' said the major. 'I intended to send them to England, but I am to fond 'of procrastination bas ever It's joes as well ti though, n:ow. You cani take them home 61 yonrselý.' tc Sir Harold sat dower in tle nearest chair.;i 'Home m ' l?e whispeed d 'low oare they -Octavia ?? Neva : oi A: ll w eli-orthey were when I eard last. d 'Tell m-e what you know of them ?' Ar nd SirlIarold's great hungry eye u s searched the d major's face. 'They believe me de dde'":i b ' Certainly Sir .Harold.: Ev'erybody ir believes you: dead. And I am' dying to know how it is that you are alive. Whire' have you been these fifteen months? How an did you escape the tiger?' , . Thile desired explanation was delayed by st the appearance bt the door of Mrs Archer, ft swho.brought a jug of warm spiced drinik and a plate of. food The major' took the d, tray, anshut his wife out, returning to his tl guest. Sir Harold was nearly famished, and ate and drank like 'onc starving. W ihen his hunger wias ppeased, and a fasiit colour began .todawn in ,his face,: lie pushed the b tray from him; and spoke in a firmer voice k than lie had before employed, 'I have imagined 'terrible things about my wife and Neva,' lie said. - 'iy. poor h wife ! .I have thought of her "a thousand times ias dead of grief. ;Do you know major tl how she.took the report of iy.dcath?':::-;:; ' o.la ead said : thea `molarshe slhut herself up, and was inconsolable, and ihen she did venture out at last, it was in a funeiiral co.ch alnd dressed in .tlie deepestc mourning- There are fes wives who mourn h as she did" - Sir Harold's lip quivered. b 'My poor darling !' he muttered, in audibly. ' My precious wife!. I shall comed back to you as from the dead ? The sudden shock,' lie added,. turning to tihe major, ' 'may have killed her. Have you any news of niy daughter also?' ' She Was still at school when I last a heard of her,' answered the major. ' There is no more news of your home, Sir Harold. Your family are mourning for you, and you will bring back their lost happiness. By all the rules, you ought to have been dead, and I cannot understand why you are not. - Sir Harold smiled wanly. '.Let me explain-why I ahi not,' he said ' You remember that I was taking my last a ride inIndia, and was about to start for t Calcutta, to embark for' England, whe I t disappeared? Some three days before that N I had a quarrel with the Hindoo Karrah--' I ' I know it. He told me about it-. for the first time this morning.' ' You understand then that I had incurred f his enmity by kicking him out of this house? s 1 found him stealing the effects of my dead son. He had also stolen from me. .The ] letters lie was stealing lie was acute enough• to know they were precious to me, and j there was George's diary, for which I would not have taken any amountof money. The scoundrel imeantto get away with these, and then sell them to me on his own termss. I took back my property and punished him ] as he deserved. I have now reason 'to believe heIwent away that night to his friends among the bills- ' . ' He did. 'He told'me he did. But what did he go for !' cried the major excitedly. 'YOu cau noon guess, the next. norning H.er-e .? ih am ,-ba:,:profesing repentance,' said Sir Harold.". I repioa ied. ndylehLfor having been too harshl upon the poor- un taught helatheni, aiid took him b?rk. He" accompanied me upon that last ride, and was so'hunmble, so deprecating, so gentle, that I even felt kindly towards him. We rode out into the jungle. I was in advance, riding slowly and thinking of homeic, when suddenly a monstrous tiger leaped out of a thicket and fastened his claws in the neck of my horse. I fought the monster desperately, for lie had pinned my leg- to the side of my horse, and I could not escape from him. We had a frightful : struggle, and I must have sic cunbed but for Karrah, who shot at the tiger, wounding him, I think, in the shoulder, and frightening him into retreat.'. ' And so you escaped, when we all thought you killed "' cried the major. . ' My horse was dying,' - said the baronet, 'and I was wounded -and bleeding-I thought I was dying. . I fell from my saddle to the ground, groaning with pain. Karral came up, and bent over me, with a devilish smile, and moistened my lips with bIrandy from a flask he carried. Then, nmuttering ,words in his own langmage which I could not understand,, lie carried mle to his own horse, mounted with me in his arms, and rode off in the direction in'iwhich we had been go. ing, and away from your bungalow.' ' The scoundrel'! Whalt was that for?' ' After a half-hour's ride, we came to hollow, where three natives were camped. Kariah lhalted, and addressed them. They gathered around us, anm then Karrahi said to me in English tlhat lie hated me, that lihe would nit kill me, but meaint me to suffer and tlhat these men were hlisbrothers, who lived a score :of miles awayt?up amongl-the mountains. I .wns to be their slave. He transferred me to their care, disregarding my plecas and offered bribes, and rode away on hIis return to you. I was carried oii horse \- shi.k-secrlyind' a score of. miles to-? the that hldrrible journey, soun d as,' .? can never tell y)ou;( A doztents thouht I myself dying.' ' It is a wonder you did not die; i:.: a - ' It is, said Sir lHarold. .- We went through savage jungles, and forded ei mountain torrents. We wen't up hill and down,. an more than ones leapced Iprecipices.n I: w~ias in: a "fldei; d : faint -when we reached " {the h?,a oe f tihe Sthree 11indosh-but aftervards I :found oI w ild and seclided the: spobt wans, ealnithathathereii were nio sicighbourm for isiles airound The cahbii ws snichsed in a cleft in a mii ountaini, anrd hidden 0 fromithe eye of aniijyr tht the oses searcher. ?ad you sear?cied Cf0r ::in" youi.vwould neiveb have found mn:e. It was in arear hiutismall qnd.dark, witli a nmud fldbr,' and windowless -.walls, thlmi~t Ihave been a prisoner for fifteen tnionths, ninjor. "Mycnemies f:or the i most part left me to myself, an?i. I Shave dragged out my, weary ' captivity sith futile plans of ercape. Ah, I h ave knodwn more than the bitternt s Sof death! - - - 'Now and then. Karrah -cance to Staunt me in my prison, and to'tell une how h hehted me, and how sweet was o his revenge. He told me that you Shad heardl through a friend that my po:r wife nwas dying of her grief. After thut I tried with incrcasee ingenuity to find some way of escape List nigl t the three Hindoos went away-un os a maraudicu expedition, f I think. Af-e: they had gone, one of the` woen brought me my. usiual evening tsal of boiled rice: -I pleaded - to her to* elese me, but?ibe iughed at me. , .'She S nte out; 'leaving the door I open, inte ding to return soon for the t dish; Th sight of the sky and of the L green eart without?, nerved me to desperatio : I :ias coiifined by :'a belt around my. waist- to -which in iron chain wae attached, thae oiher end of the chain being secured -to a ring I iii the wall; I ihadwrenched my, belt, and the chaih a thousand - times;! but last night when Ipulled at it with the strength of a madman it gave way. I I fell to. the floor .unfettered ! . I •I leaped up;eand darted out of the 1 door. .'here was a horse tethered near the hat.. .bounded on' his baick and sped away, as the women cane hurry' ing out in wild pursiit. I knew the direction in;which your bungalow lay. I rode all night, going out~of. my road, but being'set" straight 'again by some' kindlyHrindoos and hero I- am; weary, worn, but, oh, how thankful and blest.' The baronet bowed his head obt his hand, and his tears of joy fell thickly. r fou're safe now, Sir Harold,' cried the ma'or.iI hefmra hubbuib oiltside. y' fellows have gottbck, 'with Kiarrah, no doubt: Il iwaij .superintend .tne skinning: him r: t 'ivwhile I am, gone you canirefreshi- ourself iwith a hath aiid piuton a suit dofChristian garments. My, wife is'dyieg to see' you. I hliear her pacing *the hall like -a caged leopardess. Get ready, and I'll come back to you as soon as you have hid a little sleep. You're among friends, my dear Sir Harold, and I am glad' to see you again.',' I-e pressed Sir Harold's hand, catch. ing his breath with a peculiar sobbing," and hurried out. His servants had returnid,; but Karrah had escaped. The major in dulged in some peculiar profanity, as he listened to this report, and theni withdrew to his wife's cool room, and told her Sir Harold's story. The baronet, meanwhile, took a bath and went to bed,' He slept for hours; awakening after noon. He shaved and trimmed his .beard, dressed himself in the suit of clothes he had formerly, worn, and which were now much too large for him, and came forth into the central hlall of the dwelling, Major Archer was lounging here, and came forward hastily, with both hands out stretched, and with a beaming face. ' You look more like'yourself, Sir Harold !' he exclaimed. ' Mrs Archer is out on the verandah, and is full of impatience to see you.' He linked his arm in the baronet's, and conducted him out to the verandah, presenting him to Mrs Archer, .who greeted him with, a certain awe and kindliness, as one. would welcome a hero. The little Archers were playing about under the charge of an ayah, and they also came.forward timidly to welcome their father's guest. Titfin--the. Inidian "- luncheon -was ier.ed Tion 'the e-r.a.ndah ? anduaftbi, was over, and tfl young eopleoolihd dispersed '.When does the next steamer leave for England ? I must go by her,' said the baronet, in a tone no one could dispute. 'Think of my wife-of my daughter., -Every day that keeps me from them seems an eternity. Major, I was robbed by Karrah of every penny I possessed. Plunder was a part of his motive, as well as desire for revenge. I shall have to draw upon you -for a sufficient sum for my expanses' 'It's fortunate, and quite an un precedented thing with me that I have a couple of hundred pounds in bank in Calcutta,' said the major 'I wish it were a thousand, but you're quite welcome to it Sir Harold--a thousand times welcome., I appreciate your impatience to be on your, way home. If it were I, and your wife wias my Ifolly, I'd travel unay asd night-but there I've said enough. I'll go to OCalcutta with you, and sc. you off in t the Mongolian. ? _uish I .could --do more for you. a 'You can, majoi You can keep silence concerninig my, reappearance,, declared.. Sir Harold, thoughtfully ' ily wife is reported to ie' dying of grief. If she hears too abruptly that I still live, the" shock may'destroy her. Major, I am going home under a name not my own. tl?t the story of my adventures may not be bruited about before she sees me, , .- will not reveal myself to any one in Calcutta, nor to any one in Ennglanc ; before reaching lIome., I will go quietly and unknown to H?aw klhurst, and rcveil myself with all care and caution to ~Nevs, who will break thenews to my wife.: : - iiI will call myself Harold ]?unlow mount we'll'be c sunset o our Sway to Calcutta.ti ": : ;:m). n: . It .Was thus "greed.: That :very eveaig Sir Hr id dWyndoeand Major 1 Archer set out f Calcutta on horset I back, arriving i time to secure a pasrge in 'the oigolian.n *And en the third: day ter leadving .Major Archeri's bunmgal Sir ?Hirold :Wynde was at sea1 and his way to Enghand ·A. iwhat ar ptio awaited chim! I , AP 'tfi l .::::: DNievA 5 ECI A"oUT liUrUS 13eforethe or sualigh of thd soft a September mo ng, which stotl at lastinio her sant rooms. Neva's Sdmeam lost its idness and semblance -of'reality;and ai conviction sett;ed or Sdown upon he ul that it was indeed cc :'only a dream SShe dressed self for breakfast in y a morning ro f white, ,vith cherry i Scoloured ribbo but her face was l very pale, and re was a look of un. I rest in her re an eyes when she ,p a descendedslovhnd wearily to the int ibreakfast-rclo a later hour than usual. There was le in the room when Neva entered The large table was pi I laid wvith cov.r five persons, Their glozed door viar, and the windows I were all opining ingress to the fresh morning e il Nova crosdeo floor, au-h passe: e out upon the.terrace, where. a gaudy. to teacock strutted, spreading his fan' in. gi the sunlight, and giving' utterance to it his .harsah- notes of self- satisfaction. Nova paced slowly up and - down the an tiriace, shading . her face with her hi hand ' A little later she heard some one emerge from the.. breakfast-room sa upon the terracee and come behind, her in iwith an irregularind unsteady tread: N '-Good-morning, Miss. Neva, said is Rufus _Black, as he- gained her side. '+.lovely morning, is it not? a Neva returned his salution very B gravely. Shecknewv that Rufus Black as had slept under the same roof with a herseif the preceding night, after the bi ball, and that a room at inawkhurst in had been specidlly assigned him by b Lady Wynde, now Mrs Craven Black. A 'You ought .to have sacrificed your, scruples, and come' down', to the ti drawin;..rooms last night,' said Rufus 'sl Black. ,I assure you we lad a s delightful time, but you would have n been the star of the ball. I watched v the door for your appearance until, the people began to gohome, and. I' never danced, although there ewas no end. of e pretty girls, but they were- not pretty: for me, ?added: Rufus, sighing: =':Thete' is for me 'pow only one -beautiful "irl c in the whble world, nd you are`-s ise 'sweet t Dili yicys love yany one before I you loved meT :.a.sked .Neva,' with a quiet franknesss and: straiglitforward ness, looking up at him with her' clear s eyes-full of dusky glow. i 'Ye-no !' stammered Rufus, turn- s ing suddenly pale, and his honest eyes blenching. 'Almost every man has I bad his boyish fancies, Miss Neva, Whatever mine may have been, my life ' has been pure, and my heart is all your own. You believe me ' I'Yes, Ibelieve you. iMr and Mrs Black 'have conme down to breakfast. Mr Rufus. Let us go in.' 'She led the \vay back to the break fast-room, Rufus following. They found the bride and bridegroom and Mrs Artress waiting for them.. Neva greeted Lady Wynde by her new name, and bowed quietly to .Craven Black and Mrs Artress. The little party took seats at the table. The breakfast was eaten by Neva almost in silence. When the meal was over, Mr and Mrs Craven Black strolled out into the garden arm in arm. Mrs Artress, who had fully emerged from- her gray chrysalis, and who was now dressed in pale blue, hideously unbecoming to her ashen hued complexion, retired to her own room to enjoy her triumph in solitude, and to count the first instalment of her yearly allowance that had been promised her, and which-had been already paid her, with great promptness, by Lady Wynde. Neva went to the music-room, and begari to play a 'eird, strange melody, in which her very soul seemed to find utterance. In_ the midst of her abstrac, tion, the door opened, and Rufus Black came-ien sofilly. ; Hei was, staniding: at her side:when t hber. wild msiuus ceased abruptly,'and she; I :l"·"~~i~t"~;pii~ (c~, ~ l 'Your music souniids: like a lament; or. dirge.' said Rufus, leaning "upon the piano, and regarding with ad miration the pale, rapt face and g low img eyes, 'I. meant it so,' said Neva.. ' I was thinking of my father.' S uAh!' said Rufus rather vacantly. SPoor papa. thought much of you did lie not, Rufus' asked Neva. thinking of that skilfully forged letter which was hidden in her bosom, and which purported to liUeher father's last letter to her from India, . Rufus Black had been warned by his father that Nova might some day thus question him, and Craven Black had told his son that he must answer the heiress in the aflirmative. Rufus was weak of Will, cowardly, and timid, but it was not in him to be deliber ately dishonest. He could not lie to the young girl. - '£ had no. personal acquaintaneb -With Sir Harold Wynde, Neva,' the young man said, inwardly quaking yet daring to tell the truth. Neva Iooked strangely perplexed and troubled. 'There seems some atrange mystery here, which I cannot fathom,' she said. ' have a letter written by papa in India, under the terrible foreboding that he would did there, and in this letter papa speaks of you with :affec tion' and says- and says-' She paused, her blushes amply, cerdm pleting the sentence. i cold shiver passed over the form of Rufus .He comprehended thb cause of Neva's blushes, and a portion of his father's villainy. ,What should he de His, innate cownardice? pre vented him from betrayin," :him an-t is vlionaty remble audhiblushi and. pale alternatery `Ppa mignht: have taken ani. intorest` in you without 'makiig himself. knownin "to you,' su gested Neva, after 'a brief pause, :'Sone aect of yours havemade your name known:: to- him:, and :he eight s?cretly have watched your. course without:betraying to= you his interest in you, mi-,ht he: not?' " " He' in might;,'iaid Rufus huskily ? can explai;i the matter in no al other way,' said N.eva 'wearily. 'Hle m must have known you; Rufus-or m else the Ietter was forged,.h::-: ufuss'avecied hisfaee?, upaon w:hich he 'cold sweat was startinb-.' :. 'ho . .could. hvefogd it shred hIni.' ]av foe s1h 'That i do not know, I no one base' enough for such n d?'deed. could not have -been' forged, of ;oourse Rufus, but .the discrepancy; betweei your statement and that in the iletter makes me naturally doubt.. Perlihapl ihounb, I am mistaken. I mayhfind; on referring to the letter, that he ,peal:a of liking you and taking' an interest in you, without alluding to a personal acquaintance.' 'If I had known Sir Harold, I should have tried to deserve his good opinion,' said Rufus, his voice trembling. 'I have the greatest reverenc fJr his character, and I wish I might be like him. N?va.' he added •ith a sudden energy of passion, 'it is sore than a month since I asked you to be my';wif, and you have not yet given me my answer. Will you give lig it to me'now'. lea The girl withdrew her hand gently, we and rested her cheek again on her hei hand. w 'I know I am- not worthy of yon,' an sajd. Rufus, beseechingly. ' I am poor we in _fortune and weak of character. pit Neva, such as I am, I beseech you to save me.' bu Hlis wild eyes looked into hers with Sal a prayerfulness that went to her soul. he He seemed to regard her as his early to saviour ; and such, indeed, if she ac cepted him, she would be, forshe wou'd an bring him fortune, and; what he valued fr inore, her affection, her. pure life, her ca brave soul, on which hlis own weak ro nature might be stayed. i ' Poor Rufus !' said Neva, with a br tenderness that a sister might have vi shown him. 'My poor boy !' and her small face beamed with sisterly: kind- P' ness upon the tall, awkward fellow, the t words coming strangely from hoi lips. gi ' I am sorry for you.' ' Arnd you will marry .me ?' he cried, ti eagerly. .. a The young face became grave alost to sternness:. The levely-eyeds gi?ooed P over titlih a nreas ario. - h w' wantetd otey papa wishes asti they were commands he alias d 'In have thbugtlic ad prayed, dayaftrdiay i and night after night. I Tlike you; tufus, and I cannot hear your appeals d unmoved. T believe I am not selfish n if I am true to my higher nature, and obey the instincts God has implanted I in my soul. I must be untrue to God, to myself, and to my own instincts, or I. must pay no heed to that last letter and to the last wishes of poor papa. r Which shall I do , I have decided first one way, and then the other. The I s possibility that that letter was-was not written by papa-and there is such a possibility--l cannot now help but consider. Forgive me, _Rufus, but I F: have decided, and I think papa, who I has looked down from heaven upon my a perplexity and my anguish, must t, approve my course. I fe-l that I am k doing right when I say'-and here her k hand took his-h' that--that I cannot marry you.' a Not marry me! Oh, Neval' 'It costs me much to say it, Rufus, k but I must be true to myself, to my a principles of honour. I do not love y you as a wife should love her husband. d I could not stand up before God's altar and God's minister, and perjure d myself by saying that I thus loved o you. Na, Rufus, no, it-may not be!' :o Rutns bowed his head upon the y piano, and sobbed. r, His weakness appealed to the girl's r, strength. She had seldom seen a man e. in tears, and her own tears began- to Id flow in sympathy. ,. ' I am so eorry, Ruifus,' she Ld whispered. C But you wnil not save' mel You k will not lift a hand to save me from perditionu' in :?':Until you become somie other man's ic: wifeT' ;cried -ufuis,-. full .of.jealous iangiumsh . .ou.l.wilLinmarryg me t, other mi -Lord"Toivyn;., erhaps-ý nThe girl retreated a few steps, a redglory on her features. A strange sweet shyness shone in her eyes. ' see!' exclaimed Rufus, in a passion of grief and jealousy. ' You will marry Lord Towyn! Oh, Neva! Neva!' 'Rufus it cannot matter to you whom I marry, since I cannot marry you, Let us beo friends- brother and and sister-' ' I will be a!l to you or nothing' ejaculated Rufus, violently. 'I will marry you or died' le broke from the grasp she laid upon him, and with a wild cry apon his lips dashed from the room. In the hall he encountered Craven Black and his bride, just come in from the garden. He would have brushed past them unseeing, unheeding, but his father, seeing his excitement and agitation, grasped his arm forcibly, arresting his progress. ' What's the matteri' demanded Craven Black, fiercely. ' What's upi' 'I'm going to kill myself!' returned Rufus, shrilly, trying to break loose from that strong. unyielding clasp 'It's all over! Neva has refused me, and turned me adrift. She is going to marry Lord Towyn!' 'Oh, is shel' said Craven Black, mockingly. ' We'll see about that.' 'We will see!' said Neva's step mother, compressing her lips.. 'I am Miss Wynde's guardian. We. will see if she dares disobey her fathers often repeated injunction to obey me! If she does refuse, she shall feel ýmy po wer!', 'Defer your suicide until you sec how the. thing turns out, my son, - sBak Crave? Black?,. iwith' -an little anenr befos eserralpsenlfs laugh a' opt r Ru'fus Black slunk. a-vay; miserable, yet with revivingoi ope,. 'Perhaps the matter was not- ended yet! Perhaps '-Neva would.recosider lher "decision! 'As he disappeared up the staircase, airs Craven Black laid her hand on hei bridegiooin's arm and whispecred '!Thegirl will prove restive. We shall have trouble with -her?:-If we mean to force her into this'marriage,?we ?uast first of all get ?hei·re aiay frodm her friends. Where shall"w take her? I,.howshall we deal ivth her'1 LALLY'F'INDS' A .& : EWIOM . Nearly-- six weekshad .itervened marilia to os No6 v·ynde on the road., :eide~tbnla'kn~ann final rejection by her I in the musicsroom: a aHawkhurst. . 'It kill be romembered that there had been a hidden witness to the half-des. and that this hidden witness seeina, but unseen, was no other than tlhe wronged youne wife whom Rufus Black f mourned as dead, and whom in his soul sn he loved a thousand.fold better than th the beautiful young heiress. an During the six weeks that had ha passed, what had become of Lally_ w5 poor, heartebroken, despairing Lally l Sho wandered on in the soft star Light and. moonlight, a helpless, home' less creature, with nowhere to go, as we have said. She had no money in her pocket, no food, and her shoes were worn out, and her clothes were patched and darned; and pitiably frayed and worn; The very angels must have pitied her in her utter forlornness, For: an hour or two she tottered on, but at last, wearied to exhaustion, she sank down in the shelter of a wayside hedge, and sobbed and moaned herself to sleep. -: .She was awake again at daybreak, and hurriedl up :and on, .as if flying from 1ursuit. About seven o'clock she.: came. to a hop- garden, divided from the road by .wooden palings. There were men and- womeni of the tramp species, busy at work. here, under the super-. vision of the hop farmer, Lally halted, and clung .to the pilings with both hands, and looked through the interstices upon the busy groups with dilating eyes. - The hop- pickers,. many of them tramps who lived in unions and alm houses in: the winter, and who stray . down into' Kent during the hop season, presently discovered the. "white and " :", h r .face6 presIsed against the palings,,. naimes she could not underistand,'maki g.-, imerry at her. forlornness. . The hop farmer' heard them, and discovering the object of their rude merriment, came forward, opened a gate in the palings, and hailed the girl, He was short of hands, he said, and would give her eighteenupence a day, and food and drink, if she choose to help in the hop-picking. Lally nodded assent, and crept into - the'gate, and into the presence of those who mocked at her. For three weeks Lally kept up" this toil, labouring in the hop-fields by day, and sleeping in a barn at night; and then she found herself at Canterbury, sh?eless and ragged, a very picture of destitution. Her first act was to purchase a pair of shoes, a ready-.made print dress, and a thin shawl, Her purchases Swere all of the cheapest desciiptioni not costing her over ten shillings., She added to the list a round hat- of coarse straw, around which she ' tied a dark blue ribbon. Lally found a cheap lodging in town, and hero put on her new clothes. It was neccessary for her to find em. ployment without delay, and she in. serted an advertisment in one of the local papers, soliciting a position, as nursery governess. Upon the fourth day, as she was counting her slender store of money, and wondering what sho waa to do when that was gone, the postman's knock was heard on the private doer below,-and presently a little boy came to Lally's room, bringing a letter. She tore it open eagerly. It was i dated'Sandy Lands, and- was written in a painfully minute style of penman a ship, with faint and spidery letters, s .The-writer was a lady, signing: het-, : self-,Mrs Blight. She`stated that '' lh hliadWrfadmily of- nine children --fiv ' whom were young enough- to requireat. the services of a - nursery -governess. If ' L. . .'-the initals Lally had :ap e perdd . to her advertisment-could give satisfactory references, was" an I accomplished musician, spoke French and German, and was well versed in t the English branches, she mfght call at Sandy Lands upon the following morning at ten o,clock. Accordingly the next morning Lally set out in a cab for Sandy Lanids, \- whose situation Mrs Blight had de. scribed- with sufiicient accuracy. It was situated in one of the fashion able suburbs of the old cathedral town, (To be continued. 