1Bo\\-eU0t. The fflidnight Prophecy OB THE ; HEIR OF STRATHSPEY TOWERS. . By Emma Garrison Jones. \ CHAPTER XLIX. LADY KEAiL HAS AN ADVENTDEB. ,. Lady Neville was slightly indisposed, and 'the earl had gone to Lancaster in regard .to business matters, he said ; but for no other reason, as his sister very well knew but to visit the Lancaster Moor anyiuui, uuu matte arrangements to carry out his insane intentions; which, no doubt, was the sole cause of her lady \ ship's indisposition; for she locked hor \- Bell in her ohamber, and spent the forenoon pacing up and down like an enraged tigress, wishing sincerely that . she had the ppwor to consign her brother '-?? to the tender mercies of a mad-house, as she had done his wife. , Meanwhile the countess took a fanoy to drive to the ruins.of an old castle Bomewhere amid the highlands, and near which was a noted cavern. . ;. So the pony-phaeton was brought out, and a basket of sandwiches, and two or . three bottles of ohampagne packed under the seat, and Lady Marguerite and Sir .. ? 'Bayard summoned to accompany her. : Lady Marguerite was not at all averse ?,to going, and the baronet would have followed anywhere in the wake of the \couhteaa; her gold attraoted him as a magnet attracts steel. '?; The day was fine in the forenoon, and ;' their drive was quite pleasant, and they ; found the old ruins grand and picturesque . beyoud all desoription. Tho countess, .who was quite a traveller in her way, was . sspeoially delighted. ' . 'What a charming old place 1' ulio ?- cried, as. they -sat in a dim old chapel, . , with fretted coiling and stuined windows, 1 sipping their champagne ; ' and Bince I \conVe to remember it, you UBed to bo an artist, Sir Bayard,' she added, turniug upon the baronet ; 'how is it we see none of your work now I!' The baronet blushed like a girl, ar.d ,. stain mored in dire confusion. ,; : ?! Pshaw 1' ejnculuted the countess' .'.??.'? what are you blushing about ? I detest bashful men ; if you have u talent for i anything 'tisnothing to be ashamed of.' v.. i Sir Bayard managed to get his voioe, but. it quavered dreadfully. He did— ,.well— he used to sketch a long while ago 1 -^when he1 was travelling — but ? ? -''''No buts about it,' Baid the dowager. ?' You're not so clover that you need to ^ drop your accomplishments— I'd like to \-- liava a sketch of these ruins — so do you S- : purchase materials in Perth, and we'll i;, .drive over again in a few days, and you :.:;.?»? -»hall;make aBkefcchfor me.' P' The baronet bowed in silonoe, but hia 'V .'face looked like the face of a condemned ioriminal. The countess stared in amaze ment. , ? -''What ii the matter?' she crjed; one minute you're as red as a rose, and thenext as white as a ghost. Are you c: ;.%. Bayard was not quite well j he had been troubled with dizziness for a day or tiro. He would walk about a little ; it [would Boon wear off. Accordingly, ho strolled off in one direction, and Lady niartjuerite, watching her opportunity, disappeared in another; the countess remaining in the chapel, to rest herself and nnuh her ohampagne. -. 'How 4I»e poor. girl does detest him ?' »sne murmured ; 'and I don't woudor at . it muoh. Bayard Brompton'a a queer fellow some way— he's got a seorel that troubles him. I wonder what it is? But no matter,' she added, turning back to ' her ohampagne, '' he's one of my own race, and.she shall marry him— it may be 'the means of saving him from disgrace and ruin.' ' Meanwhile, Lady Marguerite made her way through the mouldering walla of the old castle, and out of the warm, summer air. Theolpuds were gathering in the \- west, but the sun still shone, and the *-* breeze was sweet and f reai. She strolled &?: 'flown., the -ruined avenue', beneath the ! . whispering fir branoh.es, and out into the Cm, open park. The prospeot around was indesoribably grand ? and beauti ful. On one hand towered the bold, Weak valley«, arid'. now and then the glittering gleam of some mountain lake, and far below flashed the spires of Perth and distant Dundee. There was a fallen statue near at hand, ? modern Apollo, half imbedded in the '„ rank grass, his lyre, broken, and all his god-like beauty falling to decay. Lady ?Pearl seated herself upon this fallen god, and leaning her lovely browon her hand, gued out upon the glorious summer scenes with sad, sad eyes. So young, and yet so utterly miserable I The very sunlight seemed to fall upon her bowed head, with itaj'orown of silken gold in pitaring tenderness. She was thinking of tho baronet, the man who was to baher husband, wonder* Ing why it *»? thftt hi* Wry pmtnot In* M :'.« . '?..!,/ . ?-'?' ? ? V. ? \ I spired t her with such disgust, and aversion ? Sho could not hear to be in' tho same room with him, and yet in threo short months she would bo his wife I ' I cannot,' she raurmurod, the silent tuars falling over her checks. ' Surely God frill lot me dio and esoapo it. Poor pupa, I would givo my life to please and comfort him, but I can never be that man's wife.' And then her fancy, by a sudden and capricious transition, recalled another face, a handsome, manly face, lit by bright brown eyes. Poor littlo Pearl sighed, and a vivid red flushed her waxen cheeks. She was an earl's daughter, yet sho Was nuihe* flu full nf iri)* fanninrt. nnrl 'i'y- girlish dreams, as tho humblest pta«ant girl upon her father's domains. She sat there in the old park, on the fallen atatue of Apollo, dreaming in tho bright summer sunshine, and always in her dreaming tliosu bright brown eyes wore present. Foolish, foolish- little Pearl I The sound of an approaohing footstep startled her, and sho sprang up, in hasto to fly back and escape an interview with Sir Bayard ; but aha nut face to face not Sir Bayard, but Captain Fossbrooke. He bowed with oonrtly grace, that pleasnnt smile of his making his brown eyes irresistible. Lady Marguerite flushed like a ro3e in her embarrassment. ' ' 1 beg you pardon, Lady Murguorite,' ™i« wuu uu^JkUtllj UUU VUU IT CIO JUOu what I needed to make my sketch porfect' — he pointed towards his portfolio and drawing materials, which lay a few foot distant — ' and my patron saint sent you to sit on tho fallen Apollo. Will you look at iriy sketoh V Lady Marguerite followed him, and he laid before her, with pardonable pride, a masterly skotoh of the hoary old ruins, and of tho green park, with herself seated on the fallen marble, and the bold peaks, and tho. rolling highlands in the distance. ' Why, what an artist you are, Captain JFossbrooke,' she said, simply. ' I never saw anything so perfect. How it would delight the countess.' ' Do you think so 1 Then the countess must Bee it,' smiled the captain. He took up liia portfolio, and they walked on side by side. ' I did not dream of suoh a pleasure as meeting your ladyship,' he Baid. ' When I oame out to sketoh this morning I thought you were at the Towora.' Lady Marguerite blushed vividly be neath his admiring glances. ' Wo oame across over a week ago,' she replied. ' ' We are staying at Bavens wold, an old highland oouutry-houso belonging to the countess.' ' Ah, I understand 1 How long shall you remain ?' 'Until the last of September, I think.' ' That's pleasant,' cried the captain, I'm here myself for the summer. I've abandoned the sword, for the hot weather at least.' They had reached the ruins by this time, and as'they turned into the grand vestibule, clambering over heaps of rubbish, they came upon Sir Bayard, wholly recovered from hU dizziness, it appeared, and ooming in search of Lady Marguerite. If a ghost, from one of the mouldering tombs below the chapel, had confronted him, he could not have looked more startled than he did at sight of the captain. He looked like a atatue, his face growing livid, his oyes wide and staring. 'How are you to- day, Sir Bayard?' said the captain, extending hia hand with frank cordiality. The baronet gave him tho tips of his fingers, a scowling frown contracting his brows. The next instant ho offered his arm to Lady Marguerite, und led ^hor away — tho countess was awaiting her he said. Nothing dashed by his evident dislike and ill-humor, the captain followed them into the grand gloom of tho old chapel, where the countess still sat. Slie looked up in unutterable surprise at his Budden appearance. ' Why, bless my soul,' she exclaimed, regarding him over her goggles, ' who is It?' Why, 'tis' Fossbrooke— Oaptuin Fosabrooke |' The captain bowed profoundly, and ex pressed himself highly flattered to know that her ladyship remembered him. He was making a sketching tour through tho Highlands. ' Why, I thought you were a soldier,' interrupted the dowager, spitefully. 'So I am, and begging your ladyship's pardon, an artist, too, in my way. Would you do my poor sketch the honor to look at it?' ''Do look at it, please,' whispered Marguerite, her radiant face all smiles and blushes, ' you, will be so pleased, I know |'. The artist drew the sketch from his portfolio, and laid it bofore her, and the dowager condescended to examine it. Her eyes brightened beneath her goggles as she looked. 'Why, young mun,' sho cried at lost, ' Thia thing is worthy of a place in my gallery at Mortlake ! I never suw a finer landscape I Do you care to sell it ?' ' It isn't finished yet,' replied Captain Fossbrooke, flushing with gratification ; ' it will make a finer appearance by far when it is complete.' ' Well, complete it, then, and I'll givo you a good prioo for it. Woat do you want 1 Will three hundred pounds do ?' 'Tliat would be a very generous remuneration,' replied tho captain, ' but if your ladyship would accept — ' But sho cut him short with a gesturo. ' I novor accept anything,' ulio said. I've money enough to pay for all I want. Mind, the picture's mine as soon as it is done. Why can't you do something like that, Brorapton !' she continued, turning to the baronet. ' What has become of your talent !' Sir Bayard did not reply, but the cap tain did. ' Oh, yes,' he put in pleasantly, ' Sir Bayard does dabble in colours, too. I remember now, my friend, Colonel Rich mond Brooke, used to speak of Sir Bayard as an artist !' Tho baronet's face began to lose its color, and his eyes to wander restlessly beneath the captain's steady gaze, and ho stammered wretchedly in his attempts to reply. . ' ,? 'lf'd he'd spoken of him as a fool, he'd have been nearer the truth, I think,' muttered the dowager, under her breath; thon aloud, ' Here, Marguerite, give the captain a sandwioh and n bottle of cham pagne,' she said, '! and then we'll gather up, and get ready for starting.'. Marguerite obeyed with blushing eager ness, and while the captain,- sitting down beside the oounteat, uncorked hit oham. pagne and ate his sandwioh, talking all -the while with that naTneless ease and graoo that characterised all his move ments, the baronet, utterly unable to oontrol his blanching cheeks and shaking kne«s, availed himself of tho pretext of Boeing that the carriage was ready, and made his escape. ' With your ladyship's kind per mission,' ventured tho artist, after hn had placed tho ladies in the carriage, standing in tho noonday sunlight, his handsumo face and bright-brown eyes all aglow with life and gonial humour, ' I'll call at Ravonswold in a day or two and bring tho skotch ?' And tho countess nodded in her grim, abrupt way ; and mentally anathematized herself the moment after when her sharp eyes caught sight of Marguerite's vivid blushes and lingering glances as the carriage rattled away ' A pretty mesB I've made of it,' she soliloquized, 'giving him an excuse to come — and tho girl is head-ov«r-lwols in love with him already.' They drove a mils or two further down amid the highlands to see the cavern, which wis a weird and wonderful sub terranean abode, running for miles be neath the biuo of a rocky cliff, roofed with glittering stalactites, and floored with mosaic-likeexcr«scencesthat gleamed and flashed in the light of their torches like precious stones. The countess and Marguerite were carried away with delight and admiration, and lingered long aftoi- Sir Bayard warned them that the weather had changed and the day was far advanced. There were so many wonders to admire, so many new sights at every step, that they lingered in blissful forftet fulness. The voice of their coachman aroused them from their dream. ' I bog your ladyship's pardon,' he said, addressing the countess : ' but there be every sign as warns ye when a storm's a brewin', and I thought it best to fasten the 'oases, and come down an' tell ye.' And lit the same moment, as if in con firmation of his words, a roll of thunder awoke a thousand reverberating echoes around them. Marguerite grew pale with alarm, and the countess went stump ing: off towards the entrance at a fnrious rate! '' You villian I' she cried, with her characteristic unreason, as another peal Beemed to shake the foundation of the mountain ; ' why didn't you come and tell me before 1 What made you wait till the last moment 1' ' I beg your grace's pardon,' implored the driver; 'but Sir Bayard was up a minute or bo ago.' ' Hush with your clatter, will you ? If I'm caught in the storm it shall cost you your plaoe, that's all. Here, Brompton, don't stand there like a gaping idiot. Can't you help me to get out ?' Sir Bayard flew to her assistance, bow ing like a mandarin, while Marguerite, glad to escape his attentions, accepted the assistance of the guide. The storm was certainly brewing, and that with frightful rapidity, when they gainod the outside world again. The west was one groat mass of boiling black, edged with brassy yellow whore tho luiid aun was going down; and the thunder bellowed in the great distance like the guns in a great battle. ' I think we had better return to the cave till the storm is over,' suggested the baronot, as ho surveyed the ominous sky. ' You do?' snarled the dowager, aa she hobbled on toward the carriage j ' then take shelter in it. If you want to bo buried in that pit o' fire and brimstone in a thunderstorm 'tis more than I do. Hero, Marguerite, bo quiok, and ..now, sir — addressing the driver— 'drive for your life ; if you don't get back to the old castle before tho storm breaks I'll clip your ears.' Sir Bayard sprang to his seat witliout another word, and the coachman, mount ing his box, lashed his horses like a mad man. But the highland roads were rough and bad, and in the gloom of the waniug afternoon it was a matter of ex ceeding difficulty to distinguish one' road from another. Tho poor fellow had not driven half a mile before ho was utterly bewildered. ' But ho kept on, the fiery animals at their best speed, and growing wilder with the olaza of the lightning in thoir. eyes. .., 'Are we ill sight of the castle ?' de manded the countess, shuddering at every fresh peal. 'Not yet, your ladyship,' replied the coachman, urging his steeds into a lonely lane, which ran through tho heart of a forest ol firs. Sir Bayard Jponed the carriage door and loukeil out, as the darkness began to oIobo uround thorn. ' Wo are on tho \vroug road 1' he criod out. 'The man has lost his way I' The cotiutess uttered a ory of rage and exuoratiou, I'Ut an awful shock, a» if heaven and earth were earning together, and at the saino instunt a blinding flaBh silenced her. The very air was charged with sulphurous ps, and the afBrigiited horses, muildoued beyond all control, siiot on' at a bre ik-neok pace. The burouet put out his head to call to tho driver, and, lo his utter conster nation, Baw that the box wns empty. Tho driver was gone. CHAPTER L. XB\Y VHMSDa. On and on they went, the horsos mak ing groat fiying leaps, and dragging the oarriugo after them, over ruts and rucks, aud prostrate trees, the thunder rattling overhead, tho blazing lightning reveuling the sombre woods and distant mountuiii peaks. The poor dowagor, humble and quiet enough in ueril und fear, orouched down upon the floor of the carriage, und bury ing her face in the cushions, moaned and prayed for help. ~ . . Marguerite sat erect, calm and quiot, showing no sign of what she felt, savo in tho deadly pallor of her face. Sir Bayard had beon watching for a chance to. rein in tho runaway horsos, but finding that such an attempt would be worse than madnesB, he returned to his scat. By the inoessant glare of the lightning he could see that they were nearing a dismal mountain gorge, and the horses wore increasing rather than diminshing their speed. He turned toward Lady Marguerite with an anxious face. 'Lady Marguerite,' he said, putting out his arm to support her, ' try to bo calm ; we are nearing a dangerous de clivity ; allow me to support you— tho shook will be terrible.' Bat even in that moment of supremo danger she turned from him, hor face white aud cold, her blue eyas glit tering. ' I do not nood you, Sir Bayard,' sho replied, haughtily, ' and the coun tess dooB.' He had no time for remonstrance, for tho horses wont over with one flying bound, and tho carriage followed with an awful crash ; and then tho countess uttered a thrilling cry, and, with tlio sound in her eara. Marguerito felt herself going down, down, thousands of fathoms deep, it seemed, and then all was utter dark ness. Lady Marguerito awoke to conscious ness in the dim twilight of u pleasant little chamber, a sweet, fresh breezu blowing through the open window, and cooling her fevered cheuks, and a soft hand smoothing back her hair with soothing, dainty touches. Her temploa throbbed painfully, and she felt very weak and lanquid after hor dreadful fright, and the dainty touches woro so soothing thatslio closed her eyes again and lay for several moments in half-unoonsciuUB enjoyment. But curiosity bogan to assert itsolf.and she opened them again ; and this time she saw tho face of a young girl bendjng over her — a rare and lovely face, as fair aud pure aa a pearl. She smiled involuntarily, and the protty, rose lips above her smiled back in response. 'Papa,' called a voico, as sweet aa the note of a thrush, ' she's awake. Come in, ploaso?' And the next instant the pearl-fair face vanished, aud a rough, bearded one looked down in its place. Lady Marguerito struggled up to a sitting posture, but the effort made her faint and dizzy. ' Where am I J' she asked, gazing about her with bewildered oyea. The young maiden with tho pearl-fair face advanced to her side. 'You are at myaunt'B, Mrs. Keith'B — and this ia Doctor Renfrew, who lives just below Strathspey Towers, and I am Maggie, his daughter,' she said, sweetly. ' And you had a pretty rough shaking up last night,' put in the old dootor ; 'bo lie down and keep quiet. Maggie will bring you some breaktast presently.' The tarrible dangers of the past night came back with awful distinctness to Lady Marguerite's memory. ' And the countess,' sho asked, grow ing pale, ' what of her ?' 'Nothing, only she's half dead from the fright, and she's got a little twist in her ankle — nothing serious,' replied the doctor. 'And the gentleman, Sir Bayard Brompton ?' added, Maggie, considerate ly. 'Is bruised pretty badly,' finished the doctor, as he walked away. Marguerite lay back upon her pil lows, with a sigh of relief. They had passed through the danger comparatively unhurt. Presently bIio aBked another ques tion. 'Who found us? How did we cet here?' ' Captain FoBsbrooko found you,' the girl replied. ' He saw you at the old castle, I think, and seeing that a storm was coining, hurried after you to bring you here till it was over. But you had left the cave when he reached it, and he did not come up with you till after tho horses had run down the gorge. He found the carriage smashed, and Sir Bayard Btanding in despair over the countess and yourself, believing you to bo dead. But the captain knew better, so. he got help and brought you here. And now,' she added, smiling brightly, ' you know everything, and you must lie quite still, till I run down to the kitchen and fetoh your breakfast. Lady Marguerite obeyed, and in ten minutes Bhe was back again, with a tempting meal on an old fashioned silver tray, and with it a small bunch of roses and English violete. ' Captain Fossbrooke sent these,' she said, as Bhe put the flowers in Pearl's hands, 'with his oompliments, and he would like to come in and inquire how you are, bu,t papa won't let him. Papa's awful cross about his patients/' Lady Marguerite did not answer ; Bhe averted her face to hide the burning flush that suffused it. ' When did the captain come ?' Bhe askod, after a pause, ' Captain Fossbrooke ? Oh, he boards hero, you know. Aunt Keith always takes boarders in Summer, and the cup tain's been hero a week or two. He's on a sketching tower, und draws beautifully. Come now, let mo assist you to rise ; there, the pillow will support you ; and you can eat your bro.d;fa--t nicely, while I run in and speak to tho coun tess.' 'Tell her I'm very glad she'a not seriously injured,' stammered Margue rite ; 'and— and— you may,' she stam mered, her checks glowing like peonios, ' you may say to Captain Fusabrooko that I am very much obliged to him for the flowers.' 'Very well,' and away went Maggie, trilling a littlo Highland melody. And Lady Marguerito trifled with hor tempting breakfast for a minute or two, and thun lay down, burying hor face amid hor pillows, with a sharp, aching pain at her heart. That afternoon the earl, who had re turned from Lancashire, drovo over with Ludy Neville und Judith, Lady Margue rito's maid ; and for the first time in half a score of years, he met with Doctor Uunfrew. ' The old Scotchman stood stubbornly, his keen gray eyes looking straight be fore him, as the' peor advanced, deter mined if there was any salutation be tween them that he would not bo tho first to speak. , The earl did not hesitato, however ;he came up, with extended hand. - 'How are vou,, doctor J'. he said, a wan smile lighting his worn, white face ; 'you and I parted a little at odds, if I remember rightly. Aro you friendly enough to forgot and forgivo V' ' I am friendly e'rioiigh.to forgiveyou,' roplicd the doctor, 'but forgetting is another thing — I can't do that, Lord Strathapoy.' . . ? '. The oarl winced, and hesitated an in stant bofore he spoko ngain. 'No, yon can't forgot!' ho said, at last, an unutternblo despair in his voico and face, and I won't ask it, but, dootor,' he added, with a Budden passion, 'you were my best and earliest friend, and I don't like you to think me an unprincipled villain. Doctor, in ' ail the 'wide earth, there is no wretch so uttorly lost and ao oursed as I am.' . ? . The old man put out his hand and clasped the oarl's in a honrty grasp. 'My poor Angus,' ho s»id, ' I knew it would oomo to this— and now it is too late.1' 'Too late 1' oohood the carl, ' too latol Sho's dead — I stood by her grave yeator d«y ! She lieB in tho oommon Pottor's Field on Lancashire Moor.' Thoro was a somothing inoxpressibly thrilling in the man's utter despair. Tho doctor drew his hands across his oyes. 'And sho lovod you bo, Angus,' ho said ; ' poor tiling, I shall never forgot her last words to me—' toll my husband that I love him and forgive him ? ' ' Don't I' cried the earl, putting his hand to his heart, ' 1 cannot bear it I Great Heaven, doctor, remorse is a ter riblo thing I I wish I could dio 1 If it wore not such a cowardly thing to do, I'd soon end all this.' ' You will do better to live, and clear your wife's slandered name ; you are not ready to close your accounts yet.' 'True enough! But 1 cannot banish her face one instant— Bleeping or waking, it ia before my eyes ; her white, hopeless face looking through the bars of a mad house. I shall go mad myaelf soon I But that was not my work, doctor.' 'What? consigning your wife to a mad-house ?' ' Yes I Sir Marshall Neville and hia wifo did it, and without my knowledge, while I was abroad. ' But you didn't try; to undo it, while there was time,' said the doctor, merci lessly. ' ' No, because I doubted her fidelity.' ' And what haB changed your mind, Lord Strathspoy 1' . Tho old man's wrath was rising again, but the earl did not resent it ; he an Bwered meekly : ' I cannot toll — I do not believe the young man who bears my name is my son for one thing.' ' It's a marvel to me that you did not find that out long ago,' returned the doctor. 'A mother's instincts are al ways true— the boy in the Tyrol was yours, and your wifo knew it ; but, womanlike, sho loved you bo tenderly that she kept all her hopes and fears to her self, and tried to get at tho bottom of the mystery before site disturbed your mind.' 'There's where the trouble began— if she had only trusted me at first, and had no secrets from me— I thought the child was hers — born before our marriage.' The docter uttered an exclamation of disgust. 'JuBt like a jealoua fool!' he ex olaimed. ' Couldn't tho child's a'e de termine that ?' . . ? 'I took no thought of it's aee,' re plied the earl. Bl . 'No, you didn't,' stormed the old man, 'you just jumped at conclusions, to suit your jealous fanoy— you should have gono to a mad-hpuse, not your poor wife, the truest and fondest wife in Eng land.' The earl stood silent in the summer twilight, his face ghastly in the gloom. 'Yes,' he said,. Blowly, at last, his voice broken and unnatural. ' ' I believe it all now, and I would give my soul's eternal welfare to recall the past ? but it ia too late, too late I' - (7o it continued.') 