MISCELLANEOUS. There is some bogus scrip floating about. Yet another break-of -gauge model. The best, of course. A Melbourne solicitor (Mr. T. Criep) has committed suicide. Mr. Wragge, in his weather forecast, says we may expect shortly unsettled and squally weather. The Blinman mine haB stopped working, and the men have been paid off at the rate of 8s 3d in the pound, wages due, but they want the lot. A lady in Chicago has established a hos pital for birds, and a great many feathered pets that would otherwise have died recover under her treatment. D. Simpson, a second-hand dealer, of Port Adelaide, has been imprisoned for a week for giving a lad 6d for a stolen piece of rope. This is rough on Simpson. Lady Idina Brassey eeems likely to be come the W. G. Grace of lady cricketers. Certainly the latter portion of the great Gloucestershire ' bat's' name would be very appropriate. On the Adelaide Oval on Saturday the Fort Adelaide footballers gained & decisive victory over the Adelaides, the scores being IS goals to 1 behind. The Gawlers beat Medindie by 4 goals to 3. Several prize takers at the Invercargill Poultry Show have been disqualified owing to the discovery that the legs of the fowls (Dorkings and Leghorns) have been painted. One of the offenders took refuge in Adam's excuse, and blamed his wife. The life of the late Mr. Maybrick was in sured in the Mutual Life Co. of New York for £2,000, and at latest dates the company had advanced several hundred pounds to Mrs. Maybrick's solicitors to defray a por tion of the cost of her defence. Some idea of the Shah's travelling ex penses may be formed when it is stated that a cheque for £25,000 has been forwarded to Messrs. Cook, the well-knowu tourist agents, on behalf of the Persian Monarch. This sum comprised expenditure for certain hotel accommodation, as well as for rail and other costs. Thieves have sometimes singular scruples of conscience. A man employed by the Mines de Neveri Company, in the Rue de Grammont, Paris, forced open a cash-box containing 10,000f. He took only 4,600L, and left a letter explaining that that sum waB all he required to take him to England and to set him up in business there. So firm in texture is the paper of a genuine Bank of England note that burn ing can hardly destroy it. The authorities have in a little glazed frame the remnants of a note which was in the great fire at Chicago. Though completely chaired and black, the paper holds together, and the note is sufficiently legible to establish its genuineness and to be cashed. All the world knows of the exploits of the Whitechapel' murderer, but everybody is not aware that he nearly robbed the Paris Exhibition of the presence of the troupe of Spanish gipBies. The Gitanos— or, at all events, the Gitanas— were with the greatest difficulty persuaded to leave Granada for PariB, so great was their fear of ' Jackthe Ripper.' Frances Cooper, a woman with a dia bolical instinct, residing at Mount Pleasant, Florida, had a grudge against her three neighbors. So she invited them to dinner. After dining the three guests were taken with convulsions, and one expired in great agony. Investigation established the fact that Cooper had placed rat poison in a dish of butter-beans for the purpose of poisoning them. Some young men regard marriage in a strange light. A Sydney hostess told me that she recently extended an invitation to dinner to a young man of her acquaintance, who duly accepted it. The day came but the youth didn't, and in his place a note say ing that he was 'too ill' turned up. Imagine the lady's surprise when, next week, she saw the announcement. of his marriage on the same day as her dinner party I— Bulletin. The Earl of Fife will probably be created Duke of Inverness, says a society gossip, a title which reminds one of the story — old, but worth reviving — of the irate Scotch chieftain and the irreverent Cockney cabby. The usual dispute about a fare culminated in the Scotchman announcing with crashing dignity, ' Ye don't know wha ye're insult ing, sir. I'm The Mackintosh.' To which the cabby coolly replied, ' I don't care if you're The Humberella ; I'm going to have another sixpence.' How many more ? An English paper says : — The other day it was an Irish artisan who was hunting about the Strand for some one to help him to a fortune, he having, he believed, become twice a millionaire through the death of a relative in Australia. Now it is the fortune that is looking after the man. Inquiries have been made by a philanthropic gentleman who, finding that the story of the man is true, and that there is a probability he is the missing heir, has issued a notice asking for his whereabouts. An aged malster's laborer in Norfolk died intestate, leaving £2,000 in gold. His children came before Mr. Justice Chitty lately, asking to have the money divided among them. Their father had told them that it was to be theirs, and that it repre sented his savings. The judge made an order for the eqnitable division of the sum. On his making the natural inquiry how a man, say with 15s a week, could in, say 50 years, save about £2,000, no answer was given. A ghost has been frightening women and children at Rutherglen, Victoria, for some time past. One evening recently the spiritual intruder created a disturbance out side the window of a young man employed in tbe town. But the young man wasn't & bit afraid ; on the contrary, be seized a waddy, jumped through the window, and hammered the ghost till he begged for mercy, and announced himcelf bb a local pen-driver. Public opinion has now de cided that there is not a ghost within 50 miles of the town. — Leader. It is said that the Qu^en very decidedly objected to the Earl of Fife's proposed stipulation that his wife should be known as the Countess of Fife after h»r niarriape, and in deference to her Majesty's wishes the idea was dropped. The Princess Louise will, therefore, remain the Princess Louise offi cially, though it is probable that this title may popularly become merged in that of Duchess of Banff on her husband's eleva tion to a dukedom, precisely as the identity of the Princess Mary is often merged collo quially iu that of the Duchess of Teclr. A Sydney paper says : — It will be news \ to most people to learn that white ants do \ damage to the public schools in the country districts of New South Wales to the extent ^f fully £5,000 per annum. They are very destructive to the wood work of the build ings. As '£ar aB he can, the Minister of Education is having all new buildings erected of brick, which » cheaper in the end. He is giving \ instructions for experiments to be carried out with the view of finding if possible a white ant-resisting composition with which to treat all wood. Mies Blanche Hewett, who headed the classified list, honors division, in the recent Matriculation Examination in the London University, and thus ranked first of over a thousand candidates, is a young lady of simple, girlish manners, with an agreeble Devonshire accent, suggestive of Devonshire cream. There is nothing of the ' blue stocking' about her. She is ' sweet and 20.' Miss Blanche Hewett was a student under Miss Gladstone in Newnham College, Cambridge, and honorably figured a few years ago in tbe Cambridge Wranglers' list. A French showman, finding business rnther dull, determined to provide his patrons with a new sensation. For this purpose he pitched and tarred his wife, then he covered her with skin and hair, and passed her off es the ' woman panther.' The spectale drew in the Paris fairs, but the lady at length mutinied against her brutal lord and master, refused to perform any more as a wild beast, was duly ' whopped' by her drunken tryant for her disobedience, and now, as a last resource, has appealed to the law for protection. Humane people will be glad to learn that the proper author ities are making inquiries into her dolorous case. An extraordinary murder case was that recently tried at Hertford before Lord Chief Justice Coleridge, when a boy, only in his 15th year, a shoemaker's eon, was convicted of killing his sister by striking her repeated blows on the head with hia father's hammer. The only reason assigned by the youthful homicide was, that his eister had ' nagged him so,' and had called him ' boss-eye.' Evidence for the defence was adduced to prove him virtually insane. But, in the opinion of a medical prison-officer, though of low mental power, he was able to distinguish right from wrong. The jury, strongly recommending him to mercy, fonnd him guilty of manslaughter only. Lord Coleridge sentenced him to 10 years* penal servitude. There is a mine (says the Mount Barker paper) in course of working between Oak bank and Wood6ide, about two miles from the former place, and known as the New Banksia. There is a very good show of gold in various parts of the ground (rented by the syndicate from Mr. Johnston), and several reefs and leaders have been found assaying from 1 oz. to 4£ oz. to the ton. Another leader has just been cut, giving at the rate of 4 oz. 5 dwt. of gold to the ton. Of course it is expected that the main reef will be found before long, as so many leaders have been come upon. From all appear ances this mine promises at no distant date to become one of importance to the dis trict. A great commotion was caused in a shearers' hut at Conargo, when one of the men turned into bis bunk with a large carpet snake for a bed mate. The man was not aware for a little time that he had such a companion, and when he learned the fact he quitted the locality with the rapidity of greased lighting, and generally 'raised Cain.' No midnight alarm ever brought men together quicker, and the hut pre sented the appearance of a faction fight. The snake travelled round generally, and the men skipped about nimbly. The snake got out of the hut, but was overtaken and dispatched by a man named Gordon after some trouble. The snake measured 6 ft. 6 in., and being of the carpet species was not of a venomous kind. Two horrible tragedies are (says a Berlin telegram) reported from different parts of the country. The daughter of a forest keeper, named Stamler, living at Saar Union, was found murdered in a wood near her father's house. It is evident that the poot girl, who was only 13 years old, had been cruelly outraged before being killed. For several days no traces could be found of her murderer, but on Sunday, a lad named Christian Kiefar, 17 years of age, was arrested at a public dancing saloon at Saar Union, it being believed that he was the murderer. News got abroad as he was conveyed to tbe police office that he was the criminal, and the police had the greatest difficulty in saving him from the fury of the people. He has since confessed his guilt. The second horror is reported from Langelohe, in Schleswig. Anna Schroeder, wife of a small tradesman, seized her two children, and threw them, one after tbe other, down a well in the courtyard of her house. She then leaped af terthem. When the bodies were discovered, all were dead. A good story is in circulation anent the recent marriage of J. W. Parkhuret, of the Bank of California, and Emelie Tracy Y. Swett, who is known more or less by news paper readers of both prose and verse. The Chinese cook of the Swett mansion is 8 familiar sort of an individual, knowing a gooi deal of the English language, and takes many liberties that the average heathen does not. He made a gorgeous wedding cake for the recently celebrated occasion, and lettered it, ' My best wishes,' to the great delight of everybody concerned. But, large es was the cake, it disappeared in a few days, and the bride asked him to make another one. This he did, and much was the delight and laughter when it was found to be lettered simply and expressively, ' P.S.' It was simply a shout that went up when they thought of the Chinaman's rather feminine humor in labelling the second cake ' Postscript.' But the laughter died away in due and rigid solemnity when, on being . interviewed, the Chinaman said, ' Postscript ? Me no sabby. P.— Parkhnrst ; S.— Swett. You sabbee ?' And Oriental humor is still an unknown quality. PedeBtrianB, take heed. There is one of your species at present in a Scottish in firmary being treated for a painful disease, which every one of you may be said to carry about with him in his walking staff. It is a sore of the hand, brought on by pres sure of a round-knobbed stick against the palm ; and in this case it has affected the muscles from the fingers to above the wrist. A speedy cure is not probable. The well known 'housemaid's knee,' which is so common that it has become a technical name in the hospitals, is a disease of the same kind; the frequent contact of the knee with a hard floor while the housemaid is scrubbing being here the cause of the ailment. Housemaids must scrub, but there is no reason in tbe world why pedestrians should continue to carry round-knobbed sticks. The surgeons say tbat & elicit with a handle that can be grasped, instead of a knob on which the palm must press heavily, is the thing to carry. The dainty youths of the period who have round gold balls as stick-heads cannot, of course, be expected to surrender theee ; but the round-knobbed staff of ordinary humanity is dear at the price of a palsied hand. — English paper. The New York Evening World recently offered a prize for the best fish etory, and Mr. J. L. Gunckel, of Toledo, Ohio, won tbe ' prize with this yarn : — ' I was in a boat off ? Edgewater, on Ten-Mile Creek, a tributary of Lake Erie, fishing for perch. Near the wild rice on the opposite eide of the stream I noticed every now end then the splash of of a large fish ; end, thinking there might be a hungry pike feeding, I changed my tackle, hooked a five-incn perch securely be hind the dorsal fin, and made a cast. A heavy strike, the reel spun, and a second strike followed. The movement of the fieh ceased, and a trembling sensation in the line and rod was experienced, which moved to the centre of the stream. A regular shaking ensued, resembling a terrier worrying a rat. I gave a jerk ; no effect ; the sensation con tinued the more savagely; it felt very heavy. Gradually I hauled in; and when within a few feet of my boat I saw the trouble. A 9-1 b. pike had a savage hold of the head of the perch, a 7-1 b. dogfish a firm hold of the tail, and the hook remained in its original position between the heads of the two fieh who were struggling for the perch. This continued after I landed them ; and neither would let go the bait. The two large fish were caught without the hook touching either. A shocking tragedy has occurred in a suburb of San Francisco. Miss Eva Atkins was betrothed to Mr. Raymond Bierce, an Englishman, and a writer on financial and other subjects. The wedding was to have taken place at the house of Miss Atkins, whose mother is a wealthy lady well known in San Francisco society. On the previous day Eva obtained permission to pass the night with one of her bridesmaids. Instead, she joined Mr. Neil Hobbs, an intimate friend of her betrothed, and his groomsman to be. The pair proceeded to Sacramento, where they were married. In a few days they returned to San Francisco, where young Bierce was raging like a madman over the treachery of which he was the victim. He went to the house of Eva's mother, and soon after the elopers entered. Bierce produced a revolver, and Hobbs, taking in the situa tion at a glance, pulled out his pistol. The two commenced firing shot for shot at each other, but Hobbe'e pistol contained one less charge. He fled from the room to secure more cartridges. Bierce, wounded and bleeding, locked the door. Then he turned to the fainting bride, and, seizing her in his arms, passionately imprinted kiss after kiss upon her pallid lips. He held her at arm's length, and mournfully exclaimed, ' How could you do so p' He then placed the muzzle of another revolver to her temple and fired. Bierce afterwards blew his own brains out, and Hobbs, who was mortally wounded bIbo died. The wounded girl will, however, recover. Stories of the German Emperor are always abundant, often uncomplimentary, and not infrequently apocryphal. Here ie one which seems to have rather better credentials than usual. One day, it runs, he invited a young lieutenant, who is an excel lent zither player, to dinner. The Imperial family dines at 2 o'clock, and after dinner the officer gave a little concert on the zither to their Majesties. Towards 4 o'clock he asked permission to retire. ' Why so soon P' graciously asked the Emperor. ' Sire,' replied the lieutenant, ' I return to my garrison to-morrow, and I have promised my sister to come and say good-bye this afternoon at her pensionat.' ' You are a good brother ; but before you go you must take coffee with us.' Twenty minutes later the lieutenant went with his Sovereign into the drawing- room, when whom should he eee but his sister sitting next to the Empress, and surrounded by three or four little princes. Like a good German house wife the Empress herself poured out the coffee for her visitors. The conversation, varied by music, was prolonged till the evening, when the Emperor eaid to the two young people that he would like to keep them to supper; offering his arm to the girl, the Emperor led the way into the dining-room, while the Empress followed with the brother. It was a very simple meal which was placed before them, con sisting of a dish of vegetables and a piece of roast meat. But it appeared that it was rather more elaborate than usual, for the amiable Empress said laughingly — ' You must not think that we have always such luxurious suppers. It is only when we have visitors that we are so grand.' Apropos of the Dover election, which was completed by the unopposed return of Mr, George Wyndham, a good story is told. When Sir George Jessel stood for the town he was informed by his agent that the elec tion would be a very close one, and that if he wished to win he must spend money freely. Sir George Jessel himself was not a wealthy man, but he had received promises of support in his candidature from many in fluential Jews. Accordingly, finding how matters stood, he sent his agent to one of the wealthiest of his friends with an intimation of the difficulty he was in. The capitalist was ready enough to supply the funds, but he was anxious to know how they were to be applied. Nothing loth the agent un folded hia plan of campaign. It consisted in sending down on to the Dover beach a number of well-dressed men who were on the morning of the election to lounge about, and ultimately each to hire a boat and sail over to the French coast, where they were to freely ply the sailors with drink so as to prevent their return until after the close of the election. The scheme was approved and the money found, and the scheme worked admirably. The beachmen allowed themselves to be abducted without a mur mur, got very jolly in Calais cafis, and were careful not to show themselves in Dover again until the poll was declared in favor of Sir George Jessel. Such is the history of the only election in recent years in which a Liberal sat for Dover. With so much ingenuity displayed in its interest the party deserved fo win. Fossil, Wyoming, America, is about as lively a place to reside in as can well be imagined. A San Francisco paper contains the following telegram from there, dated July 17: — 'John Lewis, keeper of a saloon and gambling-house at Fossil, Wyoming, is a surly brute. His delicate wife yesterday received an unusually severe castigation, having been detected teaching her little boy a prayer, and late last night the women of Fossil, to the number of 20, visited Lewis's place, armed with ' black snakes,' buggy whips, and willow switches. They overpowered the fellow and gave him a good thrashing, leaving stripes all over his body, and cutting his face and hands badly. Lewis resisted with all his strength, and cursed loudly. Becoming personal in his abuse the men present essayed to quiet him by threatening; to use a rope. Lewis's few friends now came to his assistance. Revolvers were drawn, and the barking of six-shooters was loud and lively. The room was filled with smoke and the lights were extinguished. When order was restored, among the men to crawl from under the billiard tables was one with a .shattered shoulder, and another wounded in the arm, A bullet passed through the high coiffure of an Amazonian regulator. The fright and the shock caused nervous prostration, and her condition is serious. Fossil was the scene of a murder on account of a woman less than a month ago. It is a very tough place, and tbe passengers dare not leave the cars when the trains stop there.' ' Tommy Rough' writing to the Barrier Miner says : — ' Last Sunday night we had a festive time right here in Port Pirie. A thunderstorm settled down amongst us, and became so exceedingly familiar that we fancied it had come to stay. The lightning was so adjacent at times that we had to be uncommon spry to dodge it. As it was half a dozen people were ' knocked silly' (more frightened than hurt, 'tis true), and altogether we turned away from our several wicked ways, and a lot of us went to church. No doubt we thought that the house of prayer would be the safest place whilst ' heaven's artillery' (I have heard tfaiB before somewhere) boomed away. Any way, the churches were for once pretty full, and the particular establishment in which I endeavored to find a corner where I could ask forgiveness for my sins of omission and commission was tolerably crowded. Wonderful how a thunderstorm fossicks out weak patches in our consciences, eh P But a sudden shock struck that church, and the sinners quaked, being suddenly aware that the building was not a bit safer than — well, a temperance hotel. And it has just struck me — not the lightning, but an ancient anecdote. I think it was Tyson, the several times millionaire, who was asked for a ' monkey' to put a lightning conductor to a church tower. ? Well, gentlemen,' he said, 'I have already con tributed to the erection of your church, and now you ask me to provide it with a light ning conductor. I will do no such thing ; for if God likes to destroy his own property that's his look out.' Now, has it not struck you (not the lightning) as rather comical, on passing a church tower, to see the iron belief in the uniformity of natural laws run up alongside the most sacred emblem of a belief in supernatural interference in human affairs P Rather curious, isn't it ?' An occurrence, which happened in the latter part of 1887, has only recently been brought to light ; a correspondent of the St. James Gazette, who records the tale, states that he has himself seen the man who took a principal part in the discovery, and heard the story from him. Jeremiah Williams, a negro, was captain of a sloop called the Maud, with a crew of four hands. The course of their trade took them to the Spanish Main, and finally they found them selves in the Rio Indio, about 30 miles from Colon. Having disposed of their cargo, they were on the point of departure, when, on endeavoring to weigh anchor, they found it had got foul of something at the bottom of the river, and it became necessary to dive down to clear it ; or, to use William's own words : ' The anchor was foul, and we could not eay how. I took off my clothes and went down to save the anchor. I found that it was booked into a chain that was lying at the bottom. I felt round where the chain was, and felt a foundation, flat, and the chain round it.' He sent down the rest of the crew to see what he had found, and then mentioned the find to one Danez, the Governor of the Rio Indio settlement. Danez had never heard of anything being in the river; so he told them they had better stop and see what it was, and that if it was of value they should get their Bhare. They then took steps to lift it off the bottom. They broke the chain, and found there were four iron cheats bound together by it. As described by Williams : ' We took our fore throat halliard and made a big strap, and went down and tried to dig under the foundation, but could not. Then we made a bight and got it sideways over one of tbe safes, We tried oar lift, but it was too heavy ; so we put it on the windlass, and hove on that. With the fore throat and jib halliards we hove two streaks of the starboard side of the deck under water. We then put a breast line, one for ward and one aft, and breasted the sloop into the shore till she stuck. Then we took tackle from her, and par-buokled one safe up on shore. Then I wanted to open it and see what was inside; but as the others wanted to get it all up before night, we got the four out of the water. We then opened one on the river bank and found it was full of bars of gold.' Danez sent immediately to the Governor of Colon, and next day that functionary arrived with some soldiers. As soon as Danez heard of their arrival he called Williams on shore, eaying that he had something to say to him before the Governor saw him. Williams accordingly went to Danez's residence ; but no sooner did he put his foot inside the door than he was struck on the head with a machete (a kind of cutlass in common use in Central America and the West Indies). He cried out for help and tried to run away, but was cut down from behind. Hearing his cries, the four men on the sloop rushed to help him, but were instantly shot dead bj the soldiers, who had meanwhile come up. Williams, in a much wounded condition, was carried off to Colon and immediately imprisoned ; which was all the share in the treasure he has ever got. In prison he re mained for a year before effecting his escape, and has only now succeeded in reaching Jamaica. There the authorities have taken steps to sift the matter, and if Williams is really speaking the truth we are likely to hear more of it. 