There was a clean sheet at both the City and Port polioe-oourts yesterday morning. A message from Brisbane ia lying at the Central Telegraph office for Jno. McDonald. Mails for Dongarro^and Geraldton will be made up at the General Post Office— for transmission by the s.s. Rob Roy — on Tues day next (the 24th inst.) at 3 p.m. The distribution ef prizes to the boys at tending the Perth .Grammar School took place in the hall of the Mechanics' Institute at eight o'clock last evening!, :: ' Last Wednesday Lady Fraser distri- buted the annual prizes to the successful pupils of the Perth Government Girls' School ; and yesterday the Hon. Sir Malcom Fraser did the same at thfe Perth' Government Boys' School. 1 committee meeting of the Perth Yacht Club was held at the Criterion Hotel ? last evening, for the purpose of 'fixing the date for the final heat of the Crawley Cup. It is understood that the race will not take place until the conclusion of the New Year festivities. , . The Perth District Roads Board elections took place yesterday. At eleven o'clock a.m. the Chairman (Mr. R. W. Hardey) declared the following three candidates' to be returned without opposition— Messrs. R. D. Hardey, H. Williams, and A. F. Thom son. Mr. B. Smith was electod as auditor to the Board.' ? Messrs. Wesley Maley and Edward Pariss Nesbit have been appointed to rep resent this Colony at the Federal Con ference of the Australians Natives' Associ ation, which will be held in Melbourne to wards the end of next month. All the Australians Colonies' will be represented at the Conference, when the question of federation will be fully discussed. Another accident occurred in Perth on Dec* 18\. About half- past ten at night a youth named Findlay was knocked down .and* ; run over by a hansom cab in Barrack-street, just opposite Mri Traylen's printing estab lishment. The youth was at once conveyed to his parents' residence, when it was found upon examination that he had,. escaped with a bruising. '?'.''[' , , ' ' . .' ; : '? The ''?? English mail-steamer Victoria reached- Albany early 'yesterday ^morning; Among her passengers fpr= this colony^vere: Messrs. J.M. Ferguspn,R. Turner, Curzon, Brown, and A. L^Qdyentry. Mr.,Vaughan is a passenger to ^Albany by the ' Ballaarat, the P. & 0\. boat to follow tbe' 'Viet'oria. CaptJ S. S. Young and his family arrived at Brindisi from Albany by r the, R.M.S. Parramatta, November 8. -, / . The parcel post between New Zealand and Western Australia having now been 'established, on and after the 1st January next, parcels may be forwarded from this Colony to New Zealand and from New Zea land to this Colony, up to the weight of 11 lbs. avoirdupois. No parcel shall exceed 4 ft. 6 ins. in length, or, 6 ft. in . girth ..and ?length combined.'. The rates of ^postage* will be as follows :— For a parcel not ex ceeding 2 lbs. in weight, Is. b'd. ; for each 21b 3. or fraction thereof, an additional 9d. The usual fortnightly sitting of the Perth Local Court; was .commenced at eleven o'clock a.m. yesterday. Forty-one 'cases ap peared on the plaint-list, including two judgment summonses; but twenty-six cases were withdrawn, confessed, or paid before the Court sat — thus leaving 15 suits for hearing, as follows : L. Wimbridge & Co. v. Gerald Meagher ; claim of .£30, for a buggy sold. In this case Mr, Harvey,,who appeared for the plaintiff s, r askied that ' the case should be adjourned till' to-morrow; and, as Mr. Haynes made no objection on behalf of the. defendant, the application was granted./ iE. Catum v. Reuben Myers ; claim for 18s. on a store account. Judg ment was given against the defendant, who did not appear for the; amount claimed with costs. . L'ot Leather v. Jas. Grave; cl um for J245, as damages for alleged de tontion of goods. Mr. Burnside appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr. Haynes for th« defendant. The latter put in a set off for £?-o. The hearing of the case was not con cluded .when we closed our report. :- -. The eatertainment given by Anderson's Opera Comedy and . Mnsicial, Combination in St George's Hall last-evening, was bvit poorly patronised, owing no doubt to the counter- attraction of the production of the ' Messiah' at the Town Hall. The gallery iwas well filled, though but very few seats in the body of the building were occupied. The first item of the programme was the performance of a musical comedietta en titled the ' Rifle 'Volunteer, or a Sharp Shot.' The piece . .was exceedingly well played ; whi le the ' eoIos, i duets arid character dances with whiA the piece was interspersed were deservedly applauded most heartily by the amused and interested audience. Affcer an interval of ten minutes Mr. Anderson recited the Ghost Scene from Hamlet in a really power ful manner. To that succeeded more sing ing, Miss Minnie Hinson rendering a ballet with such expression as to be ancored ; as was also Mr. Anderson in his capital render ing of the comic song 'Rather,' inthe refrain of which most of the '?'? audience heartily joined. The acting of Miss Minnie Hinson and Mr. Anderson. : is very excellent, and well worth seeing ; while their by play is ex ceedingly clever, as well as extremely comic without approaching vulgarity. In fact, the whole entc''f«in nent was given with out a hitch, and wa« brought to a close amid the praises of the highly pleased audience. ? : A Hair thief is the Paris test novelty la He was caught by *-he police in the act ef cutting off a young lady's 'pigtail' while she was wating for an omnibus. On search ing his rooms, they found a large quantity of hair of all hues1 