SOLECISMS. I -lands- I A solecism is '! an impropriety in the OBE of Iragnaye arising from ignorance j a deviation ' from the established and current idea of a tongue a or a gross deviation from the rules of syntax." This is a dictionary definition of a solo cism. As everyone knows the word is derived from the Creek Solo! or 8000 being a colony of Athene, in Cilicia, whose inhabitants spoke a sort of dog Greek When it was first founded, the end- a grant doubtless used the same language in every > respect ""the mother city : but it is a well- established philological law, that an ofMiont from 0 living sad growing language never continues to develop on quite the same lines as its parent Also as a . rule many of the words and phrases, forms and idioms, that it brought with it, seem to become arrested and fixed, stereotyped, in process of time, and survive in the younger language as archaic type, contrasting with the developed forms of the mother tongue, and presenting, perhaps, conspicuous differences, between the power words and the originals, common to both. Just such a course the Attic dialect, transplant d to Solo!, followed ; so that when a native of the newer city, a few generations after its foundation, visited the old home city, he found that the purity of speech, which had been so carefully proved "whanged and unadulterated, and upon which be no doubt prided himself, was laughed at as old-fashioned and obsolete. Very similar is the history of the English language in Ireland. Many of the peculiarities of speech and pronunciation to be observed among the peasantry, and now branded as vulgarisms, are simply survivals of returns and accents that belong to the times of Shakespeare and Bacon. Pope and Addison, but that have dropped out of, or changed in, the cultured conversion and literature of later days. For example, the word " character," with the accent on the second syllable, appears in "Hamlet " more than once: " Polonius: Those few precepts in thy memory, See thou character." Again, "contrary" is found many trifles in the plays ! and " tea "-pronounced " say " (surely vary Irish) finds an apologist in the correct and classic, author of the " Rape of the Lock " : Here there crest Anna, whom three realms obey. Both sometimes counsel take and sometimes tea." Notsvithslandine, however, no one imagine that these are anything but wrong now, in spite of such authority ; they are deviations from the present recognised standard of correct social speech, and so they are vulgarisms. And let it be here observed, that though there is seldom any doubt whether a particular idiom or mode of pronunciation is right or wrong, it is not always easy to specify the person or persons by whom it was settled so. Certainly the standard of correctness is not established by literary pedants or grammarians, dictionary manufacturers, nor even by the most popular literary men and poets, but by the instinct, the unconsoiotH selection and modification of the best society, that is, the highest social class of the day. The " best society " may not be at all the most learned, though there is sure to be some tincture of learning permeating it But though not the most learned it is the most vital, the liveliest, most receptive. and most sensitive to the currents of events and directions of thought is ever ready to seize " the fair new forms that flit about the threshold of an age the most refined in manners and mode of life. The habitual speech of this society is then the standard of colloquial speech, and in a great measure too of the literature of the day, and although not an absolutely unvarying standard it is not liable to sudden or violent changes for among the members the conservative element is strong, as might be anticipated, re- membering that its largest and certainly most im informant section is composed of women. In the case of language, as in all matters where delicacy and re- finement are needed, woman's insight and instinct are invaluable. Her sweet innate refinement and grace soften the extravagances of masculine originality and the purifying influence of cultured women, of the beauty and fitness of a language, has, been fully admitted and recognised by the highest authorities. So, although the courtly old Abbe Bonhonrs was no doubt very intent on paying a compliment to the lovely and witty ladies of the court of the Grand Monarque, there is truth and meaning in his hyperbole. "There is nothing," he says, " more fit, proper, and natural than the speech of most French women. If Nature herself could speak, she would borrow their tongue.'' And it would indeed be difficult to rate too highly the influence on their language, for grace and elegance, of a Sevigne and a Is Fayette. With these prefatory observations I may plunge at once to the efficient cause of this paper, and confess that they are introductory to a charge of gross, melancholy lasness against colonial social speech and grammar. One will see more false grammar and bad literary taste in a single letter to a newspaper, it may be by a political minister, and hear more ignorant pro- nunciation and verbal vulgarity in the drawing room of a lady of society here in one day than would come under one's notice in a twelvemonth in England. The charge of bad (literary) language against a man especially against a politician may doubtless be thought v nial enough for men claim and have conceded to them a large license, and can scarcely be charged with violating good taste, colloquial or literary, by even the freest use of the slang dictionary. Still there are limits even to the extensive freedoms permitted to masculine vocabu- larios. Constant mispronunciation of the Queen's English cannot be condoned, even in a man, and the too promiscuously prodigal use of expletives 1 certainly reprehensible. For example, a man who incarnations his conversation with more than a very, very occasional drop of what Mr. Dick Swiveller would call, " the gory," must be considered wanting in good taste and true refinement. Bach conspicuous aberrations from the ordinary conversational style ore, however, outside the scope of this paper. I wish rather to point out some colloquial misdemeanours of a less heinous character. There are certain words and idioms, peculiar modes of expression, and affected habits of speech, that obtain here in society, and pass quite un- noticed even by refined and well-educated people ; not positively criminal from a grammatical standpoint, but perhaps worse because inelegant, blundering, and with a flavour of vulgarity ; not sinful actually on rigid moral grounds, but most emphatically not nice words or forms. For instance, When lovely woman stoops to 'folly,' and pronounced as it too often is with a ' linked sweetness a long drawn out,' it becomes painful to a sensitive ear. It is certainly a very ugly word. Calverley is indeed an authority for "local Pop-" Dreaming of his school-boy girl-love, he recalls the time ''When I was, no Haast, profiting by Dr. Crabb's instruction And sent those streaky lollipops home for your fairy notion." But no exist, even in the most frenzied rhapsody, would, I believe, be guilty of the truncated monstrosity. And conceive having to colonialism Shakespeare to render intelligible to Dulcinea the spot quotation with which the dainty saccharine | offering is presented, a Lollies to the sweet." Again, why do many charming ladies spout of a " parachute" when they mean parasol? A parachute is a machine for descending from a balloon, and is no More a synonym for an umbrella or a parasol than for a dress improver. Is it not also a painful fact that nine people ordinary people out of ten in this free country Insist on speaking of "rations " pronounce "fashions"); "armature" for amateur, "testing" and "industry " The other night I M/ a a member of Parliament use as Mjeotiyo which he chose to call "aquatic" (aquatic), while the number of anthropic sins that the recording angel had to register in connection with the Centenary of 1858," during the past year will keep him weeping till the next celebration, if he attempts to blot them cut, as Yorke tells us he did Uncle Toby's hasty bad language. I have myself deliberately in conversation perpetrated the most abnormal faults-errors that would make Websters bald head spout with indi, action and Honor, but had also managed to elicit a remon strange. Even "EyoUlian" has passed without convulsive emotion. How, perhaps, it will be contended that these are really not very serious mistakes, but, though I should much like to argue the matter, I shall be content to point out that it is correctness in these trifles-" light as air " if you will-that marks the truly cultured and refined, and distinguishes them from this Superficially varnished. It is perhaps too much to expect of poor, vain mankind that it should wholly show the use of words peon only in print, dictionary words, and never heard pronounced by a competent authority; but when there is a possibility of unwary adventurers perpo waling such enormities as "recruits" (recruits) " concern " (encore), " nave " (naive), conduct" (conduit) " Jîpîckiittus " (Epiolottis) to give a small sample of humorous similar atrocities that I have heard such terrible possibilities ought surely to carry a solemn warning. There needs a wide knowledge of language and literature, and especially of poetry, to enable a reader to evolve the correct pronunciation of many English words from their written form, and people who trust to their inner moral conscience, in the faith that it will prove a sufficient guide, need not be surprised if sometimes they I come to woeful grief. i Of course I exclude from consideration here all I peculiarities of speech and accept the result of climatic and similar influences. Also those arising ' from personal defects or infirmities and if I may use the expression, social atmospheric causes. One cannot blame a man who has no palate, or a China- man for peculiarities of articulation. Again, some persons are physically incapable of pronouncing the ; others change " r " into " w" ; some are unable to articulate " t " or " d." And it is on this ground, perhaps, that Australians may be excused for their habit of changing long in and long " I " into " a " and " or," or more accurately a compound sound between the two. That they are quite unconscious of the change I am sure, as the following incident will show. A lady of my acquaintance was receiving a visit from the daughter of an old friend, a pretty girl, well educated and refined. Among her first questions was, " And what is your name, my dear ?" " Monday' was the reply. " Ida, how pretty!" returned my friend, echoing, as she thought, the name. "Oh, it's not 'ida, said the girl, blushing somewhat ; *' it's a Aida,' " evidently imagining that she emphasised the vowels clearly, though to mv ears there was not the very earnest tone of difference between the two. Perhaps this is an inevitably deficiency, and must he clashed with the Yankee twang and the Irish brogue ; but one cannot be expected to admire it. It would, I fear, make this paper too long if I attempted to enter into a full discussion of this and similar points ; but, while I remember it, I should like to make an observation on the much abused little aspirate. The religion of the " h " is, I think, generally regarded as a constitutional in- firmity, just like the use of "w " for "r, which is hereditary in some families. But it can be clearly demonstrated that it is not so and for this reason the most abandoned sinners against the poor consonant not only never insert it where it ought to be heard, which would be natural if their defective articulation were physical, but they actually insert it with perfect. even perversely obtrusive, emphasis, before words beginning with a soft vowel. All affected eccentricities of speech and manner are unworthy of a cultured man or woman, however necessary they may be for the full equipment of a fop or a sob. And it is with pain that I call to mind many delightful people who seem to think that in st raining after a spurious vivacity of expression they attain the highest form of with " I hope you are not tired after last night" observed a friend to a lady, with whom he had been dancing till a late hour on the previous night when he met her at afternoon tea on the day for ! lowing. " Oh no," was her reply, " not at all why, I wriggled into town, and pranced round for two hours shopping before luncheon this morning." Froude, it may be recollected, in " Oceana," com- mending the witticisms of Sydney dinner-table conversation, describes it a a sort of "intellectual lawn tennis " and I think that it is to a style of expression somewhat similar to this that he refers ; although his own expression is somewhat obscure, and is indeed itself an apt sample of this laboured vivacity, affecting originality of phrase and idiom, and an obscure allusive no's that recalls Carlylo'a ghost. Lowell, it is true, declares that stan; terms and vulgarism are often only poetry in the germ, and frequently exhibit vivid imagination and powerful originality, and, as " The music of the moon Sleeps in the plain eggs of the nightingale," in these lie the seeds of uncultured passion and imagination, that will in the future blossom into the perfect flower of poetry. And as the same writer observes in defending the Yankee dialect of his " Biglow Papers," the " great vice of American-and, I should add, Australian writing and speaking is a studied want of simplicity, producing too frequently " a tale of little meaning, though the words are long," nye, long as the poly syllables of a pedagogic politician. But there is a golden mean. It requires more than a smattering of culture to realise that conversation may be lively, even brilliant, without being vulgar and slangy or pedantic, and as a general principle all mannerisms are vulgar, are solecism. Before closing these rambling remarks, there is another conversational habit to which I should like to direct attention. It is not very common, although Protean in variety, and when one does meet with a victim, it is almost more annoying; than false grammar or mispronunciation. For these can but crop up occasionally, but this "goes on for ever." I can best illustrate it by an example. A certain pretty and vivacious young lady of our acquaintance is an admirable talker, but bIw has one most painful peculiarity. She cannot detail the most trifling circumstance, without punctuating the narrative with a conclusively interrogative "Sos? Seo?" every half-dozen words, keeping one nodding like a Chinese mandarin, on a beadle in sermon time. I have only enumerated a few of the legions of eccentricities of speech and accent, which, I think it will be admitted, are prevalent in this country. But after the examples cited above it will not appear quite ridiculously superfluous to occasionally call to mind the fact that although undoubtedly somewhat irregular and even erratic, there are established rules of grammar and settled modes of pronouncing the commoner words in the English language and ordinary men and women, who frequent social gatherings, are expected to conform thereto. I am afraid if they do not, unkind people will imagine that their selectors are a consequence of ignorance and want of education, and not the just developments and refinements of unfettered genius in a free country. If. 