The Barrison- Mysteries.: So far as the very, great. majority are concerned, the latest and chiefeet mystery with which Harrison. has been' concerned may. beregarded as 'satisfactorily ended. He himself is hanged, and so. murder is avenged. ; But other mysteries spring, up like fdngi. We are all prettywell satisfied that the Elmoro murderer has been hanged and acree that, on that.account alone, he had rendered most Flcisch fusr die Rabelistien. But did he qualify himself by other foul deedsdone long ago? In this case darrison himself was careful to let one ghost loose just prior to yielding his own. It was that of Cordini, hbanged at Deiiliquin, N.S.W., for the 'murder of the hawker, about four years ago. Cordini, it will be remembered,' died protesting his innocence, and, indeed, it seemed to, many people at the time-that he was found guilty a .little too easily. Now, Harrison has said, 'I knew 'that Cordini was innocent; and though possibly Harrison on Cordini may be more trust worthy than Harrison -on Harrison, the assertion ceuses an unpleasant sensation. This, however, is partially corrected when we consider that, whether true or false, the assertion must in a measure pile up Harrison's guilt. If a lie, it simply adds a small amount to a black total; but if true, it adds on terribly. If Harrison, knowing the'truth of the matter, kept bact his evidence at Cordini's trial. he- was clearly, guiltl of hisideath ..But if he knewalight~ it -notoexceedmngly'pro; bable thit -h'he' knew all?.? :Anid ni'ncde?'d; when the two murders are compared, a very peculiar similarity in method appears. 'In both cases it 'was a brutal, determined beating-out of life with.. the readiest weapon -an axe in the one case, a to-na hawk in the other. In the hawker's murder concealment was begun by cover ing the body wit'h a sheepskin,and possibly was then interrcpted ; while in the other case time was found to complete the work. But of the other ghosts which nowseem to hover and gibber about Harrison's remains! Who bruited the stories about them and their connection with Harrison ? If the police had suspicions that Harrison might have been the murderer in any undis covered case it was not politic to make such suspicious public. For nobody will really and absolutely basleve that Harrison was the murderer, and many people will say, "It is easy to shift blame to a dead man's shoulders." Harri son may, indeed, have been the mur derer on many an instance, for murder in made.desperrtely easy and safe by the circumstances of the Australian bush. It is at a time such as this that we ask once again -Will thlere over be a solution of that strange and terrible Burmegni mystery, where four men in a lonely coastal district of New Bonth Wales, died, and as all avail able evidence shows, voilent deaths ? They were seen and were missed-lost. And some of their lives were very valuable, and some of their memories are 'still very dear, and not one tman in a hundred who has studied all that is known of their case be lieves aught but that they were murdered. Harrison may have been there too. It would be some satisfaction to know that he was there, and at the time the mystery began. Such knowledge, if available, should also be of some use to the police as a cnlue, for there must have been associates in that case, and who have been Harrison's associates? Possibly some of the ghosts about just now might answer that aright. One other important question arises, how ever. (says The Argus). If any attempt is. made to attach to Harrison the guilt' of any othilier crime, why did he, in this 'instance, permit his. own folly tos surrender :himn' so eisily::to justice.? ~Th'e': inuewer 3ies, robab ly " isa'.b.was dfiiiking ti lsnfea andrinkl ,ibhil 1t: quickened :h' hlis". briitality' .:, blinted > his native cuninig. .. He'' beg'anto spend' befoe hlie had placed any distance be tween himiself and hiscrime. lie murdered in this instance - in his own locality, and was fettered to his crime by his own home ties. He became a fool as well as a niuirderer-at last. ,And is not pain fully clear lthat his victim had been a fool his who!o life long ? He had practised the pernicious habit of hoarding and hold ing money, ' and yet could not keep his own counsel. Ho made public boast of his wealth, and public show of liis gold, and therefore it was not a matter to occasion surprise tl at one night another accompanied or followed 'him down to the hut, and then- . We know the rest Many a man has suffered through this habit of barring the door to Available cash with nothing better than his own poor life, and each fresh victim should proclaim the folly of the thing. and with a loud voice of warning. Dug gan's fate may warn in this way, aind Harrison's doom is another. But there will be found a great many people in the colony anxious for a little more satisfaction than the expiation on the gallows affords. Taking up the threads which have already been dis covered, it should not be impossible to arrive at a pretty near estimate of the movements and history of Harrison for some years past. His family connections are all in the colony. Ite was not, as an immigrant waif, drifted into the bush and lost. Wherever he has roamed he must have kept some lines of com munication open, and it is much to be desired that these should be traced. 