J FARMERS AND PROTECTION. We commend to the attention of the Fre- mantle Liberal Association and the Herald newspaper the following letter which appeared in a late Lssne of the Melbourne Argus. The writer quite bears out what we have all along contended, namelv.tbat a Protectionist policy is one opposod to the best interests oi a class who are the most important to the common wealth . of every country ; — SlB.— Ever since my first unfortunate letter on this subject in your columns I have been in continual receipt of pamphlets, newspapers, and letters from places both near home and as far distant as Sydney, Bathurst, and Bockhamp- ton, some quoting me favourably, some abusing me, but all apparently astonished-— firstly, that a farmer should be a freetrader ; and, secondly, that he should know why he is so. The last re ference lo me is in the clever " Random Papers." by " Quivis," on an " Unlaid Ghost," where I am coupled with the well-known " bottlemaker'" in support of Mr. Jowett's argument in favour of freetrade at the recent debate on the subject held by the Australian Church Literary Society. In the report of Mr. Trenwitli's address on that occasion I find that he also did me the benor of reference in the following words : — ' The farmer who had been last referred to had, no doubt, mane his calculations on a false basis. He had started with the assumption that his. implimente were taxed 25 per cent, on a certain cost; and if tbey had not been taxed thev would have cost him 25 ner cent less That was an erroneous impression. The fact was that protection in Victoria had not only enabled the people to manufacture a great deal of what was used, -giving the consumer a better article at a lower price, but it had reduced the price of the imported articles upon which duty is paid." Now, upon this I join issue with Mr. Trenwitb, so far as the farmers' industry is concerned. I don't profess to know very much about other industries, but with respect to one upon which Mr. Trenwitb is most , certainly a better authority than I am, X may say that I find yet that if I 'want a good pair of boots I have to pay as much for them as I ever did, though I do not deny that a bad pair can be -got below the old. price. And I find also that the same rule applies to everything that I buy. If I want a good article I must pay a higher price relatively than for a bad one of the same kind. Of course, $ don't object to the higher price in itself, but when I know it is propor tionately much higher, then I think that I have a -right to complain. Illustrations, however, arc better than arguments, and I don't know that they are any worse for being old ones ; and so I may take first that most useful farmers' machine, a chaffcutter worked by horse-power. These are still imported, and the price of- No. 1 when 1 last enquired was £24 duty paid, or £19 in bond; the price of a colonial machine of the same size being also £24. It is no use telling me that $he colonial article is better -than the imported, because I have theia both, and there is really no difference between a good English machine and a good colonial one. Now, is it " an erroneous impression " that in consequence of toe duty I paid £5 more than its real value for my English machine, and am I not justified in " assuming " that I hare -also paid £5 too much for my colonial one f I am .patriotic enough to buy a Victorian article in preference to any other, and I would not even object to pay a little extra for it, but my patriotism does not extend to 25 per cent., and I really doubt if Mr. Trenwith or the machine- maker would pay me any more for my chaff I cut -with the colonial machine than for that cut with the imported one. -Before the duty on reapers and binders were abolished I paid £90 foi a M'Cormick machine. Immediately after the removal of the duty the price dropped to £75, and afterwards to £76. Well, my " impression " is that I was robbed by the Government of £20, and I " assume " that my machine was taxed 25 per cent, on its value, and -that I paid the-tax. If duties do not raise prices, why were the farmers so much exercised about the-duty on hags and - binding twine 1 I know i)iat the price -of bags rose -after the re moval of -the dnty, but that was due to the rise in-the -price of jute in India, and when the iua.uuiiu.ture fCLuiuni ui iu> uui-uint cuuuiiiun the price of the article fell to its previous price, Jess the duty. The <dnty on cordage is lis 3d per cwt., and " on white lines and other des- : eriptions of cordage not otherwise specified ((except coir yarn) 28s per cwt." The duty on twine (except sewing or seaming of hemp, cot ton, orfiax) is 2|d per lb. There has, I believe, -been an immense amount of wisdom brought to ; bear on the question " What is coir yarn ?" ! with a view -to a decision as to whether it could | tte classed as twine. It is this yarn that is ' chiefly nsed for binding sheaves, and it former ly paid the 'twine duty, but is now exempt, the price to the farmer being reduced by the exact amount of the duty. In my earlier days I served my apprenticeship -as a sailor, and I am quite sure that if 1 Itad then called " yarn " " twine," I &ould; have bad the bo'sun after me with a rope's-end. But Commissioners of Customs are not necessarily sailors any more than First Lords of the -Admiralty are. Gal vanised wire netting paid 25 per cent, duty until :n 1886 ft was exempted from taxation. The price when under duty was about £25 per mile. I bought a' few wet&s; ago a ton at £18, and my" impression " is that if the duty were still levied the price would be as of old. I remem ber that a strong effort was made to have this tax retained, because somebody was going to start -a manufacture of netting, and during that time we had to pay the good Government, that is so anxious to assist agriculture, about £5 a mile for leave to fence our crops from the rab bits, which ran freely over the Crown lands. Quite recently I wanted a brfiler. The price asked for an English one was £200, and £50 added for duty. I bought one from the Phoemx Foundry Company, at Ballarat, and a capital boiler it is, but that does not prevent me from knowing that I paid something like £50 more than its true market value. Mr. Trenwith will probably point to the splendid works at Balla rat, which could not exist without this duty. Pos sibly so, hnt that does not add tine penny to the price I get for my wheat ; and as, judging by recent events, the Ballarat -foundry-men can afford to knock off boiler-making and p'ay at another sort of striking, 1 can't help thinking that part of my £50 has been spent in strike pay — very much against my will. When the Exhibition was open, a friend of mine thought he would like an American baggy, and we inspected some which were shown by a Sydney firm. The price of one chosen was £60 if delivered at Albnry, where I should have to pay £20 duty on bringing it across the bridge into Victoria, Mr. Trenwith, in his speech at the Australian Church, said that he -was told that axles are cheaper since the dnty was im posed, though ' it varied from 3s to 20s an arm." As a member of Parliament Mr. Trenwith should " verify bis quotations " about duties. Had he done so in this instance he would hi.ve discovered that the duty on axles is 3s, 4s 6 d, 7s, and 10s per arm, according to description ; and mail axles are certainly dearer by the exact amount of the duty. Of the nest I cannot speak ; but if an article can be bought at one price in bond, and only at that price with the duty added out of the bond, I can't help hav ing the " impression " that it is just that much dearer than if it were admitted free. Turning for a moment from import to export duties, 1 saw the other day that Mr. Trenwith was very anxious to add to the solitary scrap iron tax an export duty on sliqep-skins, which, on pelts, wonld vary from 25 to 50 per cent, in the value, taking rhat to be the price qnoted in The Argtts of the same date. Now, there is nothing surer than that the duty thus levied would come out of the pocket of the farmer who fattened and sold the sheep. When the Farmers' Protection Association asked the Trades-Hall to assist them in obtaining an ex- 1 pojt bonus on wheat; Mr. Trenwith, as spohes- maffi, met them— quite rightly — with a point blank refusal. But whereadoes the difference come in, except, indeed, that fellmongers' in dustry is a very small metropolitan one, and the ! farmers' industry is the largest and most im portant in the colony 7 Shall I tell the story over again of my small rolier-rnill plant, which cost £200 more in Melbourne than ft would bavp cost in either Sydney or Adelaide ? Bet ter perhaps, that Mr. Trenwith should visit the Yarta Roller Mills, and leara there the enor mous penalty inflicted on the spirited propriet ors for daring to ereet, probably, the finest flour mills in this hemisphere. That is encour aging native industry with a vengence 1 1 need not say anything either about cast-iron pipes — the stoty is too old ; but I may mention port able engines, npw so much used in irrigation, or pumps and pump fittings, horseworks, and horserakes, with all the other machines and implements on which farmers pay 25 per cent, duty at least. I know that many farmers are now crying for additional protection on their produce, but in the great majority of cases this is merely because they consider that tbey ought to have a finger in the pie which they have helped to fill. As your contributor "Quivis" says, the ques tion of the free-trade and protection is sup posed to be dead and buried, but its ghost is unslain, and a few ofius are yet in hopis that we may see " the ghost walk," in the theatrical sense, and the Treasurer retnr n to us some of the hard-earned money we have paid him ; or at least, that we may be excused from paying him nvivr mnra TJ/intw tr/> 4UY IUVID. IVUlfli U>Vq SAMUEL KINDER. Wedderburn, June 3. 