THE BONDMAN.* A NKW SAGA. By HALL CAINE, • Author of “The Deemster,” “A Bon of Hagar,” “ The Shadow of a Crime,” etc., «tc. CHAPTER XX. THIS FHACU OATH. \ Thoro was short shrift for lied Jason. Ho was tried by tho court nearest the spot, and that was tho criminal court over which tho Bishop in ■ liis civil capacity presided, with nine of In’s neighbours on tho bench beside him. From this court an appeal was possible to tho Court of tho Quartor, mid again from tho Quarter Court to tho High Court of Althing; but appeal in this coso thoro wqb nono, for thoro was no do ' fcnco. Aud bocauso Icolandio law did not allow ■of tho imprisonment of a criminal until after ho had boon sentenced, an inquest was willed forth with, lest Jason should escape or compass tho -crimo ho had attempted. So the Court of In quiry Hat ttio samo night in tho wooden shed that served both for Senate and IIouso of Justico. Tho snow was now falling hoavily, urul tho hour was late, but tho court-house was thronged. It was a litfclo pjaco—a plain box, bare, featureless, and chill, with walls, roof and \- seats of wood, and floor of bard earth. Four ■ short honchos wero raised, step above step, against tho farthest sido, and on tho highest of those tho Bishop sat, with three of his col leagues on each of tho tlirco rows beneath him. 'Tho prisoner stood on a broad stool to tho right, and tho witnesses on a liko stool to tho loit. A wooden bar crossod tho room about midway, and ill tho open space between that ■ and tho door tho spectators wore crowded to gothor. The place was lighted by candles, and ■ some wero fixed to tlio walls, others wore held by ushers on tho end of long sticks, and a few Wero hung to tho roof rafters by hemp ropes tied about their middle. , 'Tho floor ran liko a ‘"'■trtxoom, and tho afcmosphoro was full of tho . vapour of tho sfiOvv that was molting on tho _poo£lo’_8 ololbob. . -Nothing could bo ruder thnn tho court-houflo, but tho court that sat there ob served a rulo of procoduro that was almost an ■idolatry of form. , Tho priaonenvns called by tho name of Jaaon, ■ son of Stophon Orry, and having auawored inn voice so hollow that it scomoa to come out of tho earth beneath liim, ho roao to his place. Ilis attitudo was dull and impussivo, and ho seemed lmrdlv toseo tho restloss crowd that murmured ■ at Bight of him. His tall flguro stooped, there was a cloud on his strong brow, and a slow faro in his blood-shot eyes, and hia rod hair, long as a woman’s, hung in disordered musses down his worn checks to his shoulders, Tno Bishop, a vonorablo prelate of groat age, looked at him ■ and thought, “ That man’s heart is dead within 'Tho mouthpicco of tho court was amiddlo agod man, who was short, had little piercing •eyos, a square brush of iron-grey hair that stood erect across tho top of his corded forehead, and n crisp, clear utterance, like tho crackle of a •horso’s hoofs on tho frost. Jason was charged with au attempt to take tho life of Michael Sunlocks, first President of tho second Republic. Ho did not plead and had no defence, and tho witnesses against him ■spoke only in answer to tho loading questions of the judges. Tho iirst of tho witnesses was Grcoba herself, and her evidence, given in English, wuh inter preted by an interpreter. All her bravo strength was now gone. She trembled visibly. Her •eyes wore down, lior head was bent, her faeo was half-hidden by the hood of a cloak she wore, and her tones wero barely audible. She had little to say. Tho prisoner had forced his way into Government-house, and thoro, to lior own face, had threatened to take tho life of her ■husband. In plain words ho had done so, and thou made show of going in pursuit of her hus band that ho might carry out his design. “Wait,” said tho Bishop, “your husband Was not present ?” “ No, said Grcoba. “ There was, therefore, no direct violence ?” “ And tho wholo sum of tho prisoner’s •offence, so far as you know of it, lies in tho uso of tho words that you have repeated ?” Then, turning to tho spokesman of tho court, tho old Bishop said— “ There lias boon no overt act. Tin’s is not au attempt, but a threat to toko lifo.” “ Your pardon, my lord,” said tho littlo man, in Ins crisp tones, “I will show that tho prisoner is guilty of tho cssontial part of murder ltsolf. Murder, my lord,” ho added, “is not merely to compass tho destruction of u- life, for thoro is homicido by misadventure, thoro is justifiable homicido, and thoro are tho rights, long recognised by Icelandic luw^ of tho aven ger*! of blood. Murdor is to kill m secrecy and after long-harboured malice, and now, my lord, I shall show that tho prisonor has lain in wait toalny tho President of tho Ropublic.” . At that Grooba stood down, and other witnesses followed her. Nearly evoryono had "been summoned with whom Jason had ox •changed words sinco ho landed eight days • ■before. Thoro was tho leuu student who hud •told him of tho drill at tho Latin school, tho Jittlo tailor who had oxplained tho work at tho gaol, tho stuttering doorkeeper at tho senate ouso, and onoof tho masons at tho fort. Much was made of tho fainting in tho Cathedral yard oh tho Sunday morning, and out of tho deaf landlady, tho Cathedral caretaker, some start ling disclosures seemed to ho drawn. “ Still,” Buid tho old Bishop, “ I seo no overt “Good gracious, my lord,” said tho littlo -spokesman, “ arc wo to wait until tho knife it* .golf has been reddened r” “ God forbid,” said tha old Bishop. Then cuino two witnesses to prove motive. Tho first of them was tho tipsy comrade of former days, who had drawn Jason into tho drinking-shop. Ho could say of his own know ledge that Jason wus jealous of tho new governor. Tho two wore brothers in a sort of Way. So pooplo said, and so Jason had told him. They hud tho saiuo father, but dilforout mothers. Jason’s mother had been tho daughter -of tho old governor, who turned his back on her ■at her mavriago. At her death ho relented, and tried to ilnd Jason, but could not, and then took ■up with Michael Sunlocks, People said that was the beginning of tho now governor’s for tune. At all events Jason thought he had beou supplanted, was very wroth, and sworo lie would be revenged. Tho second of tho two witnesses pointed to a very different motive. Ho wus onu of tho threo Bancs who hud twice spoken to_ Jason-—tho elderly man of tho weok and quiet manner. Though himself loyal to tho Icelandic Republic lio had been much thrown among its enemies. Jason was ono of them; ho came hero as a spy direct from Copenhagen, and his constant asso ciates woro Thomsen, an old, white-headed man living in tho High street, and Polvesen, a young and sallow man, who kept ono of tho stores facing tho sou. With theso two Jasou had boon heard by him to plan tho assassination of tho President. ■ At this evidcnco there was a deep murmur among tho people, and it was soon that Greoba had risen again to her feet. Her heart buruod .and stormed within hor. Sho tried to apeak but .could not. At that moment Jason turned his bloodshot oyes iu lioi* direction, and then her .limbs gave way under her, mid sho sank back with a moan, Tho court misread hor emotion, .and si 10 was removed. Jason’s rod oyes fol lowed her constantly. “ This is a caso for tho Warning} not for -punishment,” said tho Bishop. “It is plainly writton in our old Law Book that if u man ’threaten to slay another man ho shall bo warned • of tho gravity of tho crime ho contemplates and of tho penalty attaching to it.” “ Gracious heavens, nay lord,”' cried tho littlo .Bpokcflinan, “what reason have wo to ussumo that this prisonor is ignorant of either ? With .a lifo to guard that is prized by frionds and precious to tho Stato shall wo lot this man go .ireo who had sworn beforo witnesses to destroy .it?” “ God forfcnd,”said the Bishop. It was lawful to question tho prisoner, and so ;ho was questioned. “Is it true that you have been lying in wait :to kill tho President ?” asked tho spokesman. But Jason made no answer. “ Is it truo that you have done so from a do Biro for personal vengeance ?” No answer. “Or from political motives ?” No answer. “Or both?” Still no answer. Then tho spokesman turned hack to tho ■court. “Tho stubborn porsistenco of the pri soner is easy to understand,” ho said, and smiled, “ Wait,” said tho old Bishop, and ha turned towards Jason. “ Have you nuy valid plea V” But Jason gave no sign. “Liston,” said tho Bishop. “Though tho man who compasses tho destruction of a singlo lifo is ns though ho lmd destroyed a world, for tho posterity of him who is dead might have filled a world, yet have all laws of men sinco tho Pentateuch recognised cortain conditions that limit tho gravity of tho crime. If tho man who is slain has himself clnki tho near kindred .of his slayer, though the law of Iceland would vno longer hold him guiltless, ns in tho aucieut mes when evil for evil was tho rule and sen* Ail ngutd itiGwyed, tcnco, neither would it punish him as a mur dorer, who must out tho bread and drink the water of miserv all his days. Now what is true of murder must bo true of in tout to murder, and though I am loth toboliovq it possible in this instance, honouring and loving us wo all do that good man whom you aro charged with lying in wait to kill, yet in ray duty must I uak you tho question — has Michael Sunlocks spilled blood of your blood, and is it ns a redeemer of blood that you go about to slay him V* Thoro was a dead hush in tho littlo crowded court-houso us Jasou lii'ted his heavy, bloodshot oyes to tho Bishop's face and answered, in a woary voice, I have nothing to say.” Thou an aged Lutheran priest, who liud sat within tho rail, with a snuff-box in hi* hand and a rod print hundorchiof across his kuco, hobbled up to tho witness stool and temlored ovidenco. Ilo could throw light on tho prisoner’s hatred of tho President, if it was true that tho President was a son of Stephen Orry. Ilo know tho pri soner, and had named him in his baptism. Ho hud known tho prisoner’s mother also, and had sat with her at her death. It was quite true that alio was a daughter of tho Into Governor, and had boon badly trouted by her father. But alio had boon yet inoro badly treated by her husband, who married again while fiho was still alive, and had another sou by tho other wife. On her deathbed she had hoard of tins, and told tho prisonor, who then and there, this witness being present, mado an awful vow of vongoanco upon liis father and his father's Tho old priest was heard in silenco, and his words sent a quiver through tho court-liouso, Even Jason, who had shown no interest save when Greoba was removed, liftod up his blood shot oyes again and listened. Aud tho Bishop, visibly moved, turned to tho court and said, u Lot uo put this prisoner back to bo tried by tho High Court and the Lug* “What, my lordl” cried tho littlo spokes man, with a lofty look, “ and aot him at liberty in tho meantime, to curry out tho crirao »n threatens ?” ^ { “ Heaven forbid,” said tho Bishop. “ltoinombor, until ho has boon condemned wo have no power to hold him,” said tho spokesman. Tho Bishop turned to an ushor and said, “ Bring rao tho {Statute Book,” and the groat tome was brought. Tho Bishop opened it and again turned to tho prisoner. “ Tho Almighty,” said ho, “ created ono man at tho beginning to teach ns that all men aro brethren, and tho law of our old country provides that wliou two havo had disputes and pursued each othor ou ac count of hatred, oven as brethren they shall make peace before their neighbours. Now listen to tho words I shall read to you, and bo ready to say if you will swear to them.’1 Then a great silence foil upon tho peoplo, i while in solemn tones tho old Bishop read tho Peaco Oath. u Yo two shall bo set at ono and live friendly together, at meat and at drink, in tho Althing and at mootings, at kirk prayors and in king’s palaco; and in whatever placo olso men meet together, there shall yo bo so set at ono, as if tins quarrel lmd never come botwcou you. Yo shall share knife and moat together, and all things besides, as friends and not us enemies,” Tho Bishop paused and looked over his spec tacles at Jason, who stood as boforo, with tlm cloud on his brow ami tho slow lire in his deop oyes, but with no sign of fooling or interest. “ Will you promisa to swear to this, when lm shall havo returned who should swear to it with you said tho Bishop, Then all oyos turned towards Jason, and there camo across his faco at that moment tho look of a bated dog. “ No,”lie growled,( Tho spokesman shifted in his scat and tho pooplo grow restless, “ Listen again,” said tho Bishop, and his long white board shook and his solemn voice rose to a Bhrill cry as ho twisted back to tho book and road :— “ But if ono of you bo so mad that ho broaks this truco thus mado, and slays after pladgcs havo been mado and bis blndo has reddened, lie shall bo au outlaw, accursed and driven away, bo far as men drive wolves farthest away. Ho shall bo bauiahod of God> and all good Christian men, ns far as Christian men seok churches, as mothers bring forth sous, son calls mother, flames blazo up, mankind kindlo fire, earth is green, sun shines, and snow covers tho ground ; ho shall lleo from kirk and Christian men, God’s house and mankind, and from every homo buvo hell.” Then thoro was a pause and a great hush, and tho Bishop lifted his oyes from tho hook, and said— “ Will you swear to it ?” Again all oyes turned towards Jason, and again his faco, which hail boon impassive, took tho look of a bated dog. “ No, no, no !” ho cried in a loud voice, and then tho groat silenco was broken by deop murmurs. “ It is useless,” said tho spokesman. “Word ings and peaco oaths, though still valid, aro the machinery of another ago. This prisonor is not ignorant of tho gravity of tho crime ho contemplates, nor yot of tho penalty attaching There was an audible murmur of ussont from tho people. “That’s truo,” said oiie. “It’s the truest word spokon to-night,” said another. “ Tho old man is all for mercy, “said a third. “It isn’t safe,” said a fourth. And thoro was other whispering, und much nodding of heads and shuffling of foot. Encouraged by theso comments tho littlo spokesman added— “In any othor country at this ago of tho world a man who tacitly admitted a design to tuko life would bo promptly clapped into prison.” “ Ay, ay,” tho people muttered, but tho Bishop drew himself up and said, “ In any othor country a criminal who allowed no fear of the death that hung over him would bo straightway consigned to a madhouse.” “ Wo havo no madhouse in tliis island, my lord,” said tho littlo spokesman, “ save tho Sulphur Mines, ami thero ho must go.” “ Wait,” said tho Bishop,” and onco again ho turnod to tho prisoner. “ If this court should agree to ship you out of Iceland will you pro mise never more to return to it *r” For tho third time all eyes were turned on Jasou, but ho did not soom to hear tho Bishop’s question, “ Will you promise ‘f” said tho Bishop No,” said Jason. “ Dangerous(trilling,” said tho spokesman. 44 When you seize a mad dog you strangle it,” “A}’, ay,” cried many voices at ouce, nud great excitement prevailed. Tho old Bishop drow back with a sigh of re lief. Ho loved Michael Sunlocks and had been eager to savo him. Ho pitied Greoba, and for her sake also had been anxious to protect her husband. But from tho moment ho saw Jasou and thought, “ That man’s heart is dead within him,” his lovo lmd struggled with his sense of duty. As tho trial wont ou ho had remem bered Jason and recalled his bitter history, and soized with a strong sympathy ho had strained every nervo to keep back his punishment. Ilo had ilono all ho could do, ho had nothing to re proach himself with, and full of a deop and secret joy at tho certainty of tho safety ot Sun locks, no now foil back that tho law might tuko its course. Tho Court was couutod out, and thou the Bishop turned for tho last timo to Jasou, and delivered judgment. “ Tho sentence of this Court,” ho said, “ is that you be removed from hero to tho Sulphur Mines, nud bo kept thero six months certain, and as long thereafter as you rofuBo to tuko tho Oath of Peace pledging yourself for over, as long as you live or tho world endures, to bo at ono with your enemy as brothers boforo all men living,” Now Greoba alone know tho truth about Jason. When she had lied from Mann without word or warning it had not been out of fear of him, but of her brothers. Her meeting with Michael Sunlocks, her short stay with tho good old Bishop Petersen, her marriage ntul tho festival that followed, had passed her by like a dream. Thou camo tho Urst short parting with Sunlocks when ho had said, “ I must leave you for a fortnight, for tho men I sout in search of your father havo blundered and returned with out him,” She had cried a littlo at that, amt lio lmd kissed her, and mado a bravo show of htscouriigo, though sho could soo tho tears in his own big shining oyos. But it was all a dream, a sweet and nappy dream, and only by tho coming of Jason lmd tho dream boon broken. Thou followed her terror, her plea, her fear for her husband's life, her dolhuicoof Jason, niul tho charge sho mado against him. And tho first burst of hor passion over, sho had thought to herself, “ My husband is safo, but Jason will now toll all and I shall bo a lost und ruined woman,” for nothing hud aho yot said to Michael Sunlocks concerning tho man who had wooed and won and released hor during tho long yours of his ailonco and her trouble. “ Ho will hoar tho story now,” sho thought, “ nmlnot.from my own lips but from Jason’s.” Being then so far immersed sho oould not but go ou, and ho sho had allowed hersolf to ho led to tho court-house. No ono thoro had thought to tusk her if sho hud known anything of Jason boforo that day, ami she on her part had said nothing ox knowing lum. But when Jusuu hud lookoil at hor with eyes of reproach that seemed to go through her soul, lui seemed to be saying* “ Tliis is but half the truth. Duro you not tell the rest ?” . . ... Then listening to tlio lying of other wit nesses, and looking up at »Tasou’s face, so full of pain, and seeing how silent ho was under cruel perjury, she roiuombored that this roan’s worst crime had been his lovo of her, and so she stag gered to her feet to confess everything. When sho canto to horsolf after that, she was buck in hor own homo—hor now home, the homo of her happy dream, hor husband’s homo and hers, ami there hor first fear rotnmod to her. “lie will toll all,” sho .thought, “and evil tongues will mako it worse, and slmmo will fall upon my husband, and I shall be lost, lost, She waited with fovorish ironatieuco for the coming of the Bishop to tell her the result of tho trial, and at length ho came. “What luivo they done with him?’ she criod ; and ho told her. “ What defence did ho make f” sho asked. “ None,” said tho Bishop. “ What did ho say?” sho asked again. “ Not a word but ‘ No/ ” said tho Bishop. Then she drew a long breath of iminonsoro* lief, and at the next instant sho reproached her self. How little of soul sho had been! And how groat of heart hud boon Jason ! IIo could liavo wrockod hor lifo with a word, but ho had hold his poaco. Slio ^ had sent him to prison, and rathor than smite ho had suffered himsolf to bo smitten. She felt herself small and mean. And tho Bishop, having, as ho thought, banished Grooba’s terror, nobbled to tho door, for now tho hour was very late, and tho snow was still falling. “Thopoor soul will do your good husband no mischief now. Poor lad ! poor lad! After nil, _more fit for n inndhousa tlian for a prison, Good night, iny child, good night,” And so tho good old man wont his way. It was intended that Jason should start for tho sulphur mines tho following day, and ho was lodged overnight in a Jit Bo Jiousoof deten tion that stood on tho south of tho High street. But the snow continued to full thowholo night through, ami in tho morning tho roads woro impassable. Thou it was decided to postpone tho long journey until tho storm should have passed, tho frost sot in, and tho desolate white wastes to bo crossed be com o hard and firm. It was now Wednesday of tho second week in Octobor—tho Gore month—and tho Icelanders wero already settling down to tho long rest of tho Icelandic winter. Tho merchants began to sico]) tho livelong day in their desortod stores in tho cheapstead, and tho bonders, who had come up with tho last of their stock, to drink and dozo in tho taverns. All that day tho snow fell in fine dust liko Hour, until, wliito as it was, tho air grow dark with it. At tho lato^ dawn of tho next. day tho snow was stfll falling, and a violout gale hnd then rison. Another and another, and yet another day went by, and still tho snow fell and tho gala coutinucu. For two days there was no daylight, and only tit noon through tho giddy air a fiery glow burned for an hour along tho southern sky and then went out. Nothing could bo aeon of fell or fiord, and nothing could bo hoard eavo tho baying of tho hounds at night, and tho roaring of tho sea at all times, for tho wind mado no noise in tho soft snow, but droro it aloug in shoots liko silent ghosts. Never boforo had Grcoba seen anything so torriblo ; and still more fearful^ thau tho groat snow itself was the anxiety that it brought hor. Where was Michael Suulocks ? Where was her father V There was only one other whose con dition troubled her, ami sho know too well where ho was—he was lying in the dark cell of the dark houso in tho High street. While tho storm lostod all Reykjavik lay asleep, and Greoba could do nothiug. But one morning, when sho invoke and turned to tho window, as was hor wont, to loam if the weary snow was still falling, sho could soo nothing at first for tho coating of ice and hoar-frost that covered tho glass. But tho snow had ceased, tho wind had fallen, tho air was^ clear and tho light was coming. Tho buildings of tho town, from tho, cathedral to tho hovels of tho fishing quarter, looked liko snow mounds in the dosort; tho black wasto of lava was gone ; tho black beach was gono ; tho black jbkul Is woro gone; the black headland was gone that hud stretched like a giant hand of many iiugora into tho black fiord ; but height abovo height, and longth boyoud length, us far as from sea to sky and from sea to sea, tho world lay lifeless and silent and white around her. Then the town being once moro awako, Greoba had nows of Jason, It cama through a littlo English maid, whom Sunlocka had found for hor, from Oscar, tho young man who had gono out in search _ of hor father and returned without 'him. Jason was ill. Five days ha had oaten nothing, and iiothingdiad ho drunk except water. Ho was in a fovor—a bruin fever—and it was now known for cortaiu that ho was tho man who had fainted outsido tho cathedral on tho mnrriugo morning, ;• that ho had boon ill over sinco then, and that tho druggist of tho High street had bled him. With these tidings Greoba hurried away to tho bishop. “ Tho poor man lias brain fovor,” sho said. “Ho was ill when ho mado tho threat, ami when ho recovers ho will regret it, 1 urn suro ho will—I know ho will. Sot him at liberty, for mercy’s sako,” sho cried; and sho trembled as slia spoko, lest iu tho fer vour of her plea tho bishop should read hor secret. But ho only shook his head and looked tenderly down at her, and said very gently, though every word went to hor heart liko a “ Ah, it is liko a good woman to plead for ono who has injured her. But no, uiy child, no ; it may not be. Poor lad, no one now can do any thing for him save tho President himself ; and ho is not likely to liberate a man who lies in wait to kill him.” “ Ho is likely,” thought Greoba, and straight way sho conceived of a plan. Sho would go to Jason in his prison. Yes, sho herself would go to him, und prevail with him to put away all thoughts of vongoauce and bo at peace with her husband. Then sho would wait for tho re turn of Michael Sunlocka, and plead with that dear heart that could deny her nothing, to grant her Jason’s pardon. Thus it would come about that she who had stood bo ween these two to- soparato them, would at length stand between them to bring them to gether. So thinking, and crying a little, liko a true woman, at tho prospect of so much joy, she waited for Jason’s recovery that she might carry hor purpose into oifeet. Meantime, sho contrived to send him jellies and soups, such as might tempt tho uppotito of a sick man. Sho thought sho sunt them secretly, but with less than a woman’s wit she em ployed a woman on her errand. This person was tho littlo English maid, uml sho handed over tho duty to Oscar, who was her sweotheurt. Oscar talked openly of what he was doing, and thus all Reykjavik know that tho tender-hearted young wife of tho Governor held communication of some sort with the man whom sho had aont to jail. Thou ono day on hearing that Jason was hotter,- though neither was ho so well ns to travel nor was tho snow hard onough to,walk upon, Greoba stole across.to tho prison in tho dark of tho afternoon, saying nothing to anyone of her mission or intention. Tho stuttering doorkeeper of tho Senate was tho jailor, and ho betrayed great concern when Greoba asked to aeo hia prisoner, showing by hu ghastly looks, for his words would not come, that it would bo rash on her part, after helping so much towards Jason's imprisonment, to trust horsolf in his presence. “ But what have I to fear ?” sho thought; and with a bravo smile, sho pushed her way through. Sho found Jason in a squaro box built of heavy piles, laid horizontally both for walls and roof, dark and damp and muggy, lighted by day by a hole in tho wood not larger than a man’s hand, and in tho night by asputtoriug candle hung from tho rafters. Ho sat on a stool; his fnco was worn, his head was close cropped to relievo tho heat of his brain, and on tlio table by his side lay aU his red hair, as long; as his mother’s was when it foil to tho shears oi tho Jow on tho wharf, Ilogavo no sign when Greoba entered, though ho knew sho was there, but sat with his fnco down and one hand on tho table. “ Jason,” sho said, “ I am ashamed.. It is I who have brought you to this. Forgive mo— forgive mo ! But my husband's hie was m danger, and what was I to do V” Still ho gave no sign* “Jason,” sho said again, you have heaped coals of liro on my head; for I have done nothiug but injure you, and though you might luivo done as much for me you never have.” At that tho fingers of hia hand on tho tablo grasped tho edgoof it convulsively. “ But, Jason,” alio said, “ all is not lost yet. No, for I can save yon still. Listen. You shall givo ino your promise to make peace with my husband ; and wlion myhuaband returns ho will grant mo your pardon. Oh, yea, I know ho will, for. ho is tender-hearted, and lm will forgive you; yea, ho will forgive My cuyso on him and his forgiveness,'* cried Jason, rising suddenly and bringing his list down, on ihu tabic. " \\\ ho is he that h- should forgivo mo ? It hns not boon for liia snko that I luivo boon silent, with tho dovil at my side I urging mo to speak. And for nil that you liavo mo to suftcr he shall yot pay double* I Lot it go on; lot him send mo away; lot him bury mo at his mines. But I shall Uvo I to find him yot. .Something tolls mo that I , shall not dio until I liavo mot with that man faco to face.” And Greoba went back homo with these mad words ringing in her care. 4‘ It is useless to try," aha thought, 441 liavo done nil I can. My* husband is before everything. I shall say nothing to him now.” None tho less sho cried very bitterly’, and was still crying when at bedtime her littlo English maid camo up to her and chattered of tho nows of tho day. It seemed that some Danish storekeepers on tho cheapstcad had lately been arrested as spies, brought to trial and con demned. When Greoba awoke next morning, after a restless night, while tho town still lay asleep, and only tho croak of tho mvous from tho rocks nbovo tho fiord broko tho silonco of tho lato dawn, sho hoard tho hollow tread of many footsteps on tho frozen snow of tho Thiugvellir road, and peering out through tho wiudow, which was coated with hoar frost, sho saw a molancholy procession. Threo men, spnrsoly clad in thin tunics, snow stockings, and skin caps, walked heavily in filo, chained togothor, hand to hand and log to leg, with four nrinod wardors, cloaoly mu filed to tho cars, riding leisuroly beside them. They wevo prisoners bound for tho sul phur mines under Hocklu. Tho first of thorn was Jason, and ho swung along with his long 1 stride mill his shorn head thrown back and his I pallid faco hold up. Tho othor two were old Thompson and young Polvoson, tho Danish j storekeepers. , t It was more than Geobn could bear to look upon that sight, for it brought back tho memory of that otlior night on that other morning, whon j-Jason' came■ leaping down .to nor .from, tho mountains, over^gorsoandcushagand bedgoaud i ditch. So •liotur^od her lioad away and covered hor oyes with her hands. And then one—two —three—four—tlio heavy footsteps went over tho BIlOW. „ , , Tho next thing sho knew was that her English maid was in lior bedroom, saying, “ Some strangers in tho kitchen nro asking for you. Thoy aro Englishmen, and liavo just coma uslioro, and thoy call themselves your brothers.” 