CORRESPONDENCE. MILITARY TACTICS IN TASMANIA. Sin,— By it printed inemorandumrecently distributed to the country rifle clubs from the headqunrters otllce. Hobart, the mili tary authorities appear to contemplate a most impolitic and unwise interference with tlie present satisfactory piogressof a movement which, although yet in its in fancy, gives prnmisp of realising the full benefit to the colony which was reasonably ant.icipdtf-d at its inc-ption. Whether the «io\ernmt-nt ana i uniament, uv adopting the proposal now presented, will sanction the total suppression of the rifle clubmove ment, uud ail the reasonable hopes uoter tninM thM the peopleol Tasmania, through it, would acquire sk II and proficiency io the im: .If tlx! rifle, remains to be seen. The document in question deals almost exclusively with the subject of the recn rolnient of t lie members of the present rifle Clubs under the pre visions of the Defence Act for u period of two yftara, the condition os to time of engagement hying compul sory. except by going before a magistrate to obtain u discharge, in the erent of a man being compelled to leave hie district. Th© magistrate^ certificate is to be forwarded, with the discharge paper, to the Com tnandhut, to be by him confirmed, and then returned to the supplicant for freedom! The expressed object of the circular in question is to ascertain the uiunes or those memhers of clubs who are willing to re-enrol themselves as stated, without, any other cond ? tions being specified. This re-enrolment, although it is not ex pressed in words, necessarily implies that the present clubs are lo be disbanded, and that the new organisation will place the members under all the conditions, and re strictions, and obligations of thu rugular Volunteer Force under the Defence Act. There ennuot be a doubt as to the expe diency ol encouraging nnd developing by every available means a taste for the acqui sition of skill in the moet manly pursuit whioh oan engage the interest of a com munity— a pursuit which, unlike other recreations, leada up to a vitally serious nnd important result. The Government who initiated the rille club movement, with, the views which nctuatod them, adopted a wisfl -nd creditable course. Those views were essentially thy w,tablishment in Tas mania of u naticuiul interest in tho pursuit of rifle pructicu ard the acquisition of skill in the use of that wvapou, not the mere pltyying at soldieis which may find favor in the view of the '\aiii and frivol ous, or possibly «,f others who may donlre to recruit the Volunteer Forco lo proportions more consistent wjih the maintenance of un excessive stall', tlie inn in desideru: u being proficiency in the mere turn out, and showing attributes appropriate for a review, but compaTativcly uselea? uniii»rthe guerilla conditions whiclt must uhuiiicterise active service in acountry hko Tasmania. In pursuance of the real purpose for which the rifle clubs were es tab ished, target practice and marksmau ship form at present the paramount con sideration ; squad and skirmishing drill, however expedient and necessary thpy undouUtodly will be when marksmanship shall be attained, must be only a secondary consideration for the prostmt, though there is no impediment to their proceeding pari with target practice. But the former accomplishments are so simjde and so easily acquired that tbey have generally beuu eugAged in by the country dubs as an &u;,u&emeat;, without any binding cere monies or obligations to 441 force th«-m. In deed, if the Government should think litto incur the expense ol providing uniforms a certain amount of proficiency in such easily acquired drill should certainly be a sine ?-ta -yv» aa a title to receive such uniform, for unilormity of dress would be inconsistent in men who c.aulij not bhow uniformity in step or q;avem,eut. But after all the acquire ment of thedrill alluded tois proceeding in due course, and * ven with stronger impulse than wa* ever expected, and after the lapse of two or three years there will exist iu all probability, ample and efficient | materials voluntarily to cany out any purpose of forming a more regular Defence There can be no doubt that if the present expensive and disproportionate staff at headquarters is to b« retained it will he ueoikisary to greatly increase the numbers of the Volunteer Force; bnt there is not tho ghost of 11 chance oif accomplishing that purpose by means of country recruits in the maimer imposed, and the attempt will but sacrifice the ritle movement entirely. Tho purposes us above indicated of the pre sent rille club establishment are graduali sm! certainly gaining ground, and pro gressing towards success, and the Govern ment may take it for granted that, should they suffer them^elvi-s to be misled by tbe unwise influence of those who have origin ated the new crotchet, and think lit to disband the present clubs, they will find that with childlike impatience tbey will have plucked the fruit when Wely formed, and that not one man in on* hundred will submit to re-enrolment as proposed, and those will bo the few whoso chief aspiration may be to play tu soldiers in a mock rif\e brigade. The authorities with whom the matter jests, whether military. political, or legisla tive, will do well, to regard the caution. — ^ours, etc., Fbstina Lento. 