' TWICE-TRIED,' ,t LOVE STORY, , By ANNIE S isSWAN,? Author of "Aldersyde," " The,Qates of Eden," "A Divided House,; etc., etc. •CHAPTER XXVII. Robert Angus weni diwnastirs, entered his wife's study, and shut the door. It is well there are not many such moments in life; they could not-be compensated on earth. He walked up and down the floor of the darkened room, sometimes pausing to look curiously at the moon beams, which, stealing through the half. closed venetians, made pale, uncertain lines across the carpet. After a time lihe sat down in his wife's chair, at the writ-, ing-table in the window, and buried his face in his arms. He sat thus in absolute silence for a long time. In the kitchen the three maids were grouped about the hearth, wondering what could he the matter, and afraid, though it was near midnight. to go to hed, lest their services should. he. required. The master had had nothing' when he ceme off his journey, anid they dared not intrude to ask for any orders.; This terrible, unknown, but crushing sorrow seemed to be more dire in its consequences than little Eric's death. " I'll go up and knock at the mistress's door," said Kitty, bravely rising when the eiglht.day clock on the kitchen stairs rang twelve. "I'm not fit to hear this quiet ntess no longer." She stole lightly up the stair to the dining.room flat, but just as she pulled the baize.covered door b:ck she paused, for there was a footfall coming down from the upper landing, and in a montent she saw the white-robed figure of her mistress, with her long dark hair fastened by a silver pin and hanging about her shoulders, glide across the hall and into the stutdy. So there was tlothing for her but to go back to her neighbhours again, which she did, shivering as if she hladseen a ghost Robert Angus was not conscious of the opening of the dioor, not conscious of the light footstep creossing the floor, ead.'he started violently when he felt'a presence near him, and when his' wife's hands en twined themselves about his arms. But he did not look up,' noq.}ytjutter any word. "Robert," shi said, at length, in an almost voiceless whisper, but he heard it. "I have cone back. I was very hard upon you. It was my pride that was hirt. Forgive me I Lot us bear that together while we may -' He turned about, folded, his, arms about the kneeling figure, and drew it.to his breast. He bent down his head, a'ld rested his cheek uponi thle "shitiing brown tresses withl which he had so often played. After a time she felt his tears falling on her hands; and with a, quick, sobshe wound her arms about his. sneck, ,nd prayed him to' be calm. It was more than she could bear, .:, "You hare forgiven me, Joan 1" he said, at legtlh. "You believe it was through my love for' you I erred. It was a terrible temptation. Had I loved you less I need not have succumbed to it so easily." "I know, I know I" shel answered, quickly. "It is I who must ask to be forgiven for my hardness,.of heart. I ought not to be here," she conlinued, her voice falling to a whisper Ianin. ', It can' he no sin, can it, seeing it must boe.the last time, and that we part to-nmorrow" "For ever, Joan ' ' ' . " Don't ask nie, Robert;" she moaned.' " It is sufficient for me to bear as it is." " When I think of your ruiined life,nmy darling, I am unmanned,", he said,. hoarsely. "You of all women to have such a fate. Was it for this you bestowed upon me the unspeakable blessing of your love 1" ' " Hush I hush l.We.must not, dare not, questionl; only accept, as unmurmuringly as we can, what cannot be helped," shei whispered. "After all, we have' beedi happy, WI have mtnlry-to liverupvo I?? . I am not sure :hat if I could would ound:? speets these past two years." lJ'iaon,',sanid Robert Angus; nso sobil denly and earnestly that involuntarily silhe started, "you knowne there is onie way ini which we can -partially, at least remedy the evil.my unhappy wife has wrought. Can you guess I" "Yes, you can ask the law to make your former marriage null and void," she answered. " But---"' :' ' .. " But what, my darling ." "You remember what theloBible says: of the man who shall marry-again after he he is divorced," ashe said, shrinkingly. "Though you' should divorce yourself from Amy Burnett, .and re shiuld be married, I could never'foel'ias if I had any right to be your wife."' ? " Then we must part indefinitely, per. haps for ever, Joan 1'! ; .: ir " I-I think. It would be better so,'" she faltered. " We will get strength. It may not he sN hard as you think." "But you, Joan 1 Do you. khitw what it will tinolveo for you 1 Exclusidni frain the world ;from the siiciety'of wlich you have been so bright an orn l;t!' '''" " If thatbe the world'a dei'dict, tam content in 'ccept it," she aid; with' 'a strange,' sad smile. "And' what will society he to m e witlout you 1'., They 'were sileht "kgain, eacl. weighed down hy the burtholi of 'the dark future; which seenmed like stdne 0ossinhg, shorelms sea, without haven or destination. :,::, ",You hove sen Am.y 1' said Jo'no eni. quiringlyftier a tie..:; .; .: ; "Yes,Isaw her. I methlr I sby.a'c'jd:nt one day in the park walkli,, ?ith Lady "inch', children. Knowing Lady Fjnch had ibroight a govteri?s withhetr fro ; Newfoundland I hail no t.diltiulty'iI' undera'nhdituig tlb shh iwhoier:lt..t . "Thea you,?e'?eto abel i"'l.'. , . "What diid 'hlt s'yl" " Don't ask: me, Joan. If there be a woman oil earilth utlerly devoid of feeling or heart except in her ow, interests that woman is Amy Burnett,l' he said, ppas sionately. "Her chief and only fear was that we should reveal; her loo? diheltioo: to her beuefactrecs."A:. . , "It is 'ttirible t' think' what ;ilvhi4@' lie her life has been these psstl.fouiiy?rl" Amy I O .a wrong ....i....' led'iti' eo many more." -:; .::"rS ,Ihlfl . "Joan, is it possible you can laveta' atom of--of sympathy or compasiiono for her!" exclaimed Roberti ini astonish.' ment. "When I think:of her poor nmother, when I, remember what she w?i :Rpnberti there is nothing but pity in my hert foi' her," said Joan, heri face shiiing~ iwithj divine unsellishnese. " Whatever m"yi l0t may be, hers is tlte 'hidel"fi ir 'iy conscience Itas no burden upon it'""., "I never know :till neiw:how?oterly' un worthy I was of you, JoOna.iaid Robert Anguf, humbly. y.?eal'-.: hear:.,yeu speak,'; I feelas if I could almost be strong to part with you. -And yet O,;;ilil'd?'s, without you my life will?be empty' in deed." · I d .r : L · "On this side,'but over yqnrider a:'llll be well,"> trlmispered Joan, drmminily'and her fice' shone witth dlsmthing 'of the peace whiclih in 'osiert her agonised prayer, had .5P._tfiL.4~ benison..-from Heavenn.; iSee; the down iahraking," she said, rising tio ier' fdct , .,n'd plinting to the-faint glimmuirint" of light in the room. "ou are nt need tif rust, and so am.o rLaterino thelday for it~a mt;hewr. day now;a can talk moire? and make our nrrantgoments." : e grave beae'tiliV .fneoth, b;ftth ' plleritig of tthe lips speedily dlipblled it.' She was brave, indeed, :but it ?iiiild: ?tt in: 'moment' Ievcreshed 'oi dn ... ha bent over him, laid her white haind ca?iraingly on the dark head, ighthyl tehed hist brow with her lipsjid:o!hglided fri?hlie aoomn. In her hearto hbeani s a slb'ui'it i was her laa fati?"ell " - '• Before the ; a ywas very old, Mr and IMrs Angus 'frnm 'uehe'lgra'y arrived at the house it' Oadegait'place, t having having travelled all night. Isabel could not rest until she had seen and spoken with Joan. Poor Isabel ! it seemed as if her dead brother's sints were being visited indeed upon her head, and'this-was'the bhitterest fruit of all. Robert receiyed them. He had only thrownhimimelf upon the study-couch, sleep beinig out of the question. Kitty told hint her mistresi had fallen asleep in lier dressing-room. ",Where is Joan 1" said Isabel, hur riedly, putting back her veil from her haggard face. " Will she see me Does she feel bitter against me I should not wonder, only it woiuld break niy heart." "None of us knhw Joan yet, Mrs.. Angus." replied R.Ibert, with a mournful smile. "And I, who have been blessed with her close compsanionship so long, know her.least of all. There is no bitter ness in her heart., Tihe way in which she bore th is wful shick is ,quite l nlike, anythinig I I;ave ever seen. She is more an angel than a womann. She would even pity and pardon the woman who has done her so bitter a wrong." "Then sithe is too, good for this world. She won't live," replied Mr. Angus, almost hotly. " I there no law to punish a yerson who has done what that person has done I I daren't trust myself to name her.- Oan't'ahe biliaitIod, i r sonethtng? "Hush !hush I" said Isabel, gently. "No, I won't hush! I must speak" to somebody or I'll explode. The hussey ! I only wish I had her here. 3hlifBi i?Du l can't have brouglit"up his children pro perly, or they' wouldn't turn out such reprobate."!?K,. ah out Istbel turned about and quitted the room, and Robert listened patiently to his father's ravings, guessing they would relieve his mind. He lied been se stnned at first at the story his son told him at Auchengray that he had been unable to utter a word. " Well, .what are youngoing'.to"da 1" einequired the old gentlemai, when h'e had spent his 'wrath in plain, speaking sabout Amy Burittt;., !I Of course, there ill be n difculty in getting a divorce, and then you can be mirried again." "There would he no dific'uly, but Joan will .not;'!agred'to it, imrplied t Robert, quietly. "qNot agree to itll In the tame of wonder ,.She has-ipeculier andtriong Idens on certaiti ?i6jects', father,! said Robert, with difficulty. "'Her decision in this matter 1 believe to be firm and unalterahle. I would rather not discuss it just now, if you please." .:.' "Then what is she going to dol" queried MIr Angus, in open-mouthed amazement. Robert shook his head. " Does she know what the thin- tn volves 1 Has she faced it, in all'Iits hbear ings'l Does sheknow how the world trents people Iqaugk apoitronl ,.":,r:" , " "She kinws thla ahe will hare to retire into solitude, thaatshe car have no position anywhere " groanedRobertAngus, in the anguish of his soul. 9"Is the women mdl" I F'u For Heaven's sake'; father, be quiet if you cannot say aught to help or comfort ý' asididbert ps?i g??ls?ly unable to bear any'more: " I never heardithe like of it,!',snid the banker, more quietly. "And you were' so happy together; and Isabel and I were so proud and happy in you both. Poor' Joan poor, poor girl I" . - His warm, impulsive eeelings would n longer be hid under the semblance tof blustering anger. His: firm:,under 'lipi quivered,.tears chased.ýeach other down his cheeks, and he cried like a child. To Robert Angus the sight of his father's grief was eve,, more painful than his assumed irritability, ard he he;an to walk relstlsslyj to and fro to master his own feelings. "Isabel and'I havie ilked it over, Robert," anid the old mantt, at length, "eand we've arrived at a conclusion I'm getting t be an old man.now ;timIe was getting aside frim active life. I'll give up the whole coicers, and we'll go abroad and make a. lome f r that poor stricken creature,:wheiias scarcely kniown a day's Iappt.ess since her father died '" I think .hse mill be hal with us. We'lldo what I l'll feal tlhat.l 4ah istnat alone iin thuis d eru?I?,,uld."" "GOd bless yd; fatlier I" fell hoarsely from Robert Angus'a lips, and hie u.,a his father's handl in a grip of iron, which told a little of the relief, the unspeakable gratitude which filled hissoul. Just then the door opened,' anid Isabel lobked in Her face was wet with tears, 'ild herivoice tremulous with eunutinn,,'3 "Joan would like to see you," she 'said to her husband. "You.need itot be afraid ;'ssh is veryc?alii naid' conmuosed. Her fortitude is simply marvellous." SRobert Angus, the younger, remained below while the two went upaairs . He had no 'riglit'tii3Pndore to' seek' ii'iwife's presence; she was his no more. They were as completejly'a?tiedtsl'if death had aken the one and left the other. Perhaps n time that tlhoughtuight be less fraught sith agony; and yet it was greater than he could bear. SItwas rapidly, rrani?e dthint day' that Mr Angtldhfh ifd5ert/all'tuld` eseo'r{' his own wife and Joan back to Cannes; where tle ey uld remai uent'ili hsie affairs were wound up, and he could join them there, That was all thit'waes sliled in the mean. time, the discussion of the future being 14ft till, dJdaijislrm'' i'l? In.o bee.lit. he was very calm, very sweet, very assive 'in their hands, like d eIstl h t?+ osc ofer; "ly'th' m eendiiddy tshe tlio starled iertlke.uuoi.y5nouth.'?qce iore lee-in gRohdhioOl lia' 'll;re in the desohte house.,. It haleugreed than oihoiiniiihedl; b'H aid?,yeabht titre exdtras ujdioary change ii flteii domestic affairs. Son-ay, ,too n0our--the .world's ;Ialgue iould w,?gqfr:?lj' alatieki? ~h o'f what m'sa of such tor'i, h1o moment no hhatgt .Joan would'o noiteei ina prsAe parting firui her husband.. Isabel guessed the rdason:,why.... Hter:hbar.t.wag. i khqia'' srely irl iven.Klt HB'i.as inthe" hall'tasei tliem off,and.when th"tlers alp*ed udit Jyn "uinbd'ita / hlii? ? a'?llh?Id' ?Oet'he r , hgid. Neihierbleoke;' hit the l>a;'ta bf ihe eyes;i'tboi' siirrars' 'f he' hsdul, could not' be.,isthlike?IiI boil! 'ihoie, thlde d p.:' ' fih'hiic"ahbl yep.uring of uiallerubl lte, ve..t; was aover, in ~a mpmnt", r.oguscame e bahck, took Ja ot hi ampn drew the hall. doer ci ',aft?eer jifua " Atiiu. i on'entembre nig! the e ?a,! ?e1i.llhIeeh?.tledo ur per lisytglp' strent, tid.: :Ribert, Anguis inai alenen inded, among the ruins of his happiness and hsihome.S em re as'non in i" -____-_______-__rc 