ren a THE BONDMA lay hI A NEW SAGA. gofe' Ir rail By HALL CAIE,' ras, tuthor of "The Deeaster," "A Son of lagar," y , Tlaoie Shfadowof a Crim e,.e.ctc, . w . and CHAPTER IX (Cosm E.) unt TIL couI OF o asOO.N. reds The two bright lights that..pd the vessel to atl chb ruin ca?o roim the two little bays that lie ar uwider the Maughold Head. The light in- Portz RIS-Vullin was in the but of Stoephen Orry, who had lit his lanp and plced: it in the window y. when he went out to bid .freowell to Michael tit Suolocks, thinking no evil thereby to any man II 1 but only that it would guideoim home agaim hri when he should return to the boat. .The light kin in Port Laguo was from the cottage of three to old net weavera, who had. lirved thOnl without t wnoman or girl, or chick or-eduld,.through more Sthan folly t ean. Two of three were brothers, SDoinny ai[ jeinmyv Kewley, both over.seventy . ycar'oil. il and ilicir hoUfseiht6, who was Snhinety, and had been a companion of their 11 father, was known as '.Juan MacLady. ' Danny antd Jemnmy still worked. at the looms v:lr in year out, every working Shour of the day and night, and' Juan, \- ls r * .Lhar labour, cooked and sewed 7 s cldened for Uln, -, Al.. , thiroe had 0 grown dint of sight. .-nd. .nnmn,:grmyo i about like three old cartLwo-ins. ',Every year for fiveo years pt thoyJly(t .icocd -dn extra candle to work hy. so tbha eoihttnllo'ltiipsn made in th,.ir own iron'moulil, swung from i the open roof rafter 'over the iomshes on that night iwhen i. Peveril struck.on thei Carick. It was sunper time. t!lough old.Danny and old Jeminy were still at.tho looms. OldJuan had washed out a howl of-potatoes, filled the pot with them, hung theom on the chimneyhook. and stirred tlhe peats. Thenl.t.mako them boil the quicker hhad gone;out.wi.ththo tongs o the side of the house for, te.oo dy gorso from thegorse heap. While tlre lie h had-peered t through the darkness a the hay for theo light on Point of Ayre, and had missed it, and on going back he hadsaid: . " It's out again. That'a the third time int sidea month. 1'llgobail somothingwillhappen yet." '*. te had got no anwer, and sosat down on the a three-legged stool to -feed thejire with..gorse lifted on the tongs. When the potatoes had v boiled, he had carried them to thedoorto drain r them, and then with the cliek-claek of the levers behind him,. he- had' thought he I heard, over the deep:boom. and-.splash of the sea in front, a -oice like a cry. Going indoors he had said, " Plague on the water-bailiff and: commissioners and kays and councils. 'll go bail there's smuggling going i oaunder their very noses. I'd have the law on the lot of them, so I would." : - .. .. - Old Danny and old Jemmy knew the temper of their housemate-that-ha wNas7itvr happy save when he had somebody to higgle with-so' they paid no heed to his mutterings. But when Juan, having set the potatoes to stim!'with a a spread over them, ,went out .for the sa herring to where they hung to dry on a stick against.. th sunny side of the porch, ho was sum u thdt above the a click of the lvers the' boom, and .slash b of the sea, and the whistlo of.the wind, he v could hear a clamorous ihout of many voices, , like awild cry of listress. Then ho hobbled n back with a wizened face of deathly pallorand b told what h had hhard; and the shuttles whro I stopped, and there-was a iilnce in: the little p house. ," , I * I .• ., . . .1 , A " It went by me sane-na the wind," said old Juan. - ' ' " "Maybe it wan a tfl ightman;n " mid old si Danny. .I ' . 0 .. ' At that old Jaemy'nodded his head very e navely, and old'-'a?n held- on to the lever ti handles; and through thoe .precious minutes g when the crw of.the schoone erre fighting in the gripof death in.the dirkness, theseo three o old men, their nearest fellow' creatures, half aI deaf, half blind, were held in the gripof super- w stitious fears. ' ' ' . " at "There again,"ied oldJuan; and through to the door that he had left open the same cry so camne in above roar of wind and sea. "It's men that's yader," said old Jemmy. c "Ay," said old Danny. m. " Maybe it's dhip on the Carik,! said old p Juna. ' . ..* : " '-" "Let's away and look," said old Jeminy. o' And then the three .helpless old ten, m trembling and affriglited, straining their dim ta eyes to see andl their deaf arn'to hear; mi and clinging to'eacl'other's hands like little wi children, groped their slow way to the beach. gt Down there the cries were louder than theyha' th been on the brows above.. . e " Mercy me, let's away to Lagne for the fo 'boys," said old 'Jut; and leaving behind th them the voices that crirtd for help, the old th meatrudred and stumbled through the dark h lanes. ki, lague was asleep, but the old men knocked, he and the windows were b' ed and nhtcapped co headsthrust through. oey s'oon thehouse and in ourtyard echoed with many footsteps, and mI th T bell over the porch rang out through lo1 the night, to call up the neighbours farand fi near .. he Boss and Stct .and Thursten were the' first h to each the shore,'and they found the crew of th the Poverl landed--every m safe and sound, be but drenching wet with the water he had passed wl through to save his life. The schooner was no still on the Carick, much injured already, p dl ing with every hurling sea on to the ibeneath her, and going to pieces fast. hi And now that help seemed to be no more I, needed th peope meae flocking down in crowds--the 'airbrothers, with Greba, h and all their men and maids, Kan Wde Wa the o MethOdiit, with Chilsey A'Killer. who- had ben sleeping a night at his house, Nary Crowe, hl and Matt iylchreet and old Coobragh. And i while Davy Kerrmnsh shootlthe saltwater from th his sou'wester. and growled out to them with' an oath that they had been a plaguoylong time csming, and the skipper bemoanedothe o f rot is ship, and the men of their kits, Chalo was downon his knees on the beach, liftingup his p1 carse, cracked voice in loud thanksgiving. At that the growlin ended, and then Asher Fair brother, who had been the lst to come, invited h the shipbrokenmen to Lague, and all together So thay turned to follow him. " . t.h ha Just at that moment a' cry was heard above r the tumult df thb sea. It was a wild shriek di thatseeed to echio in the lowering dome of the sky. oreeba was the first to hear it. a "There is someone left on the ship," she cried. The men stopped and looked into each other's Wcas one by one. • " No," said the skipper, " we're all here." Ie The cry was heard once amore it was a voice ha of fearful agony. . "That's from Port-y-Vullin," said Asher e Fairbrother; and to 'Port-y-Vullin they al 'l0 IBatened off, following the way of the beach. "n There it was easy to see from whence the cries " hld come. Anopen tfihhing bi:t wsa labouring d in the heavy sea, her stern half prancing likoo sal aanblrken horse, and her fore-part jammed do betwecn twq.horns of tlhu rock that forks out e"a into the sea frihi Manhoglld Head. Sho had Oh dearly been making for the little bay, when -he had falln foul of the choal that lic to the north of itt Dark as the iight was, the -er ;I" and sky were lighter tlan the black io1 headl, and the ligture of a man in Cot the bat could be toen very plaholy. He.was trying to unshoip the st, that :l hoenight lightan tIn little craft und ease lier off 1' the horn that held her li; u a vyce, bat every lPa fresh wave drove her lend dcoper into thle cleft, n and at each vain elort liu shout;d again anid le a??sn in rage and fe.tr. tlr "&boatwas; lying luIi utanil dry on t11 hore. te TwO of the Fai.rbrothters--.tei asid Tlhurtan ml -eon it into the water, jumped into it and - ha pushed off. Dut the lide w;r still makin", theo o e hwas running high, a low grounuda wlli was ooping up the shingle and lluinging it through thiauir like sleet, antl ill at, istnut tlihe boat was r ci caat back on the shore. "No use, iman," se houted many voic s. o BDnt Greeba cried," I'ell, help, help !" She els seaned to be bhrildo hre-elf witli sulsponse. w omer vague fear, biyol the thought of a e man's life in peril aeme l to possesl her. Did at she know what it wais ? She did not. Shio dared not fix her mili uIon it. She was afraid wii of her own fear. Iut, low down withit fre her, and ready at any moment to leap se to her throat, was the dim ghost of a dread that he who was i tilhe boa:t l and in danger lf his life ou the rock,might his b v ery near and dear to her. With her hoodi fallen back from her.hbeadlt her sloulders, iho i ran to and fro among thel 'men on tlhe beach, F , "He will be lost. Will no ou sanve o BInt the othler women clung to the men, and the men shook their heasle atntanswered, "' loe's past saving," and " We've got wives a;nd children looking to us,tmie-and what's t1le use *f throwingyourlife away1" " Still the girl cried " ellep," and then a young A fellow pnushed through to where site stood, and laid, " He's too ncar for us to stand hero and b aeehim die." ai "Oh, God bles and keep you for ever and eav," cried Greoeba; hnd, lifted conipletelyout l ot all elf.control, she throw lier arms ahlnt the - young mat, and Idiased him fer neatly on the- cheek. It wass Jason. He had found a rope and coiled' one end fr of it about "'his waist, and held the tO AU elighta "resd. ea other end in his hand. The touch of Greoba'n quivering lils had been as fire to him. "Lay hold," hi cried, and thrdwtho loose end of the rope to Thurstan Fairbrother: At tlie next momentlhe was breot-hligh in the seon. The man must have seen hLi coming, for the loud elamour ceased. " Brave lad," sorid Greor in a ideep whisper. " Breve is it ? It's intd, I'm calling it," said old Davy. ".Who is it P" said the skitter. to "The yoang IIclauder," said Davy. is "Not the lad Jason ' . ' An, yes,. thongh Tnason-tho gawk, as io they're. saying. Poor lad, tlrere'e a heart at l The people 'hold their breath. Greera co I vered her eyes with her hands and felt an in pulseto scream.. Wading with strong strides, t and swinningwith yet stronger strokes,Jason Sreached the boat.' A few minutes afterwards t he was back on the shore, dragging the mart e after him. The man lay insernsible in Jason's arms, bleed b ing fromn a wound iii the head. Greeba stooped quickly to peer into his face in the dark. ress, rani thile rose up anl turned away uvitha sigh that was like a sigh of relief. e " 'le's done for," raid Jason, purotting hini down. • " Who i he ?" cried a score of voices. " God knows. Fetch alantern," said Jason. "See. there's a lFirt so olt Ory's rlt voender' et. eawnv thn,. with i rim. orItrwi n tlli'noaet Ilace,'ei?id Kane Wade. . . 't'hen shoulder high 'they raised -the.in sensible man and carpatl him to Stelrie Orry's hut.. " What a weight Ire is ?" said Kane Wade. " Slip along, somelCody, and get the door opened." CliaIo A'Killey.ran on ahead. " Where's Stepllhen, to-night, that he's not out with us at work same as this ?" said Mautt Myl chroeit. SIleo's been down here all week," puffed Nary Crowe. ' In another minute Chalso was knocking at the door, aold calling loudly aos hIe knockld. " Stephen, Stephen, Scpherie Orry." .There came no answer, and he knocked again and called jot louder. "Stephen, lct"us in. There's a man here; dying.' .. " "... . cre• ' But ro one stirred within the house. . IFe's asleep," said one. " Stephen--Stephen Orry-Stephen' Orry- wake up, man-ain't you hearust .noe-you no bowels, that you keep the man 6at '?" " He's not at homo-fore the door," Kane Waed shouted. One blow was enough. The. door was fas tened o'riy by a hemp rope wound round a hasp our the outside, and it fell open with a crash. Then the men with tile burden staggered into the house. They laid 'the insensible man on the floor, and tlheer'tlro light of the lamp that burned im the window fCell upon hi face. . ' ' S-" Lord-nmassy," they ~,?d?, it??W tephen 'Orryhisself." ' ." CHAP?TERI I enS r.en o ol Oia. When Uho tumultwas oner"' ai'a ill lives appeared to be saved, andnothirg seemed lost butthe twovessels--tho schooner and theyawl, which still rose and fell on the Carick and the forked reef bf the head--and the people eclia rated, and the three old net-weave'straggled back to their home, the crew of the Peveril went off with tihe Fairbrothois toLague. Great preparations were already afoot there, for Aslier had sent on a message ahead of them,' and thdmaids were bustling about, the fire was rekindled in the kitchen, and the kettle was singing merrily. .And first" there was a. mouthful .'of' grog, steaming hot, fore every.drenched and dripping.seaman, with a t oi of toast to sWeoten it. Thcn therowas gotting all the men into a change of dry clothes inorder that they might wait for a bite of supper and until beds were' shuffled about and shakedowns fetched' out. And high was the sport and. great -was the laughter at. the q ueer shifts the house were pot I to 'that it might find clean rigging for so many, on even so. short ' a -eruise.. When the six Fairbrothers had lent all then change they had of breeches and shirts, the o maids had to fish out from their truns a few pnttiroath ard some gowns for the sailors still iulfntylshed. ut the fu llkit wasfurbished muit t' length; and' when tllo? hip's company musti elddoti in the kitchen from the robmo 'above, all in their motley clours and qteer'a mixture of garments, with thei griael feramc wip? d dry, but their hair still west and lank and glistening no one could have geuosed, from.e thelaud laughter wherewith they looked v "aca"other over, that only, ean ihori be. t fore death'itself had so. nearly' tricked them. Like noisy children let out of school they all were,' now that they were snugly I housed; for asea-going man,however he maybe kicked about on the se is not used to be down hearted on the land... Andif two or.threoof the company continued to complain of their mis-. fortunes, their.gCrowlings but lent zest to' theI merrimentof tho rest. So that they laughed loud when old Davy, cutting a most iriedielosd figure in a'loy-woesy petticoat and a lhnen S bodice that would not meet over hin nairyI chest, began to gruimble that he had followed the sea forty years and never been wrecked before, as if that were the best of all reasons why he shouldnot come by.such rough harm b now, and a base advantage taken of him by , Providence inhis old age. Andlouder still they laughed at the skipper himsalf when, still sorely troubled b'his evil unc, hb wanted to knowwhat allrthr thanking God was for, since his good ship lay a rotten hulk ona eruel reef; and f itnasso very good of Providence to let them off that roek; it would b havobed better far not to have let themon to'it. And loudest of 'all they laughed, and Is laughed' again, when a Irish sailor told t them, with all his ' wealth: bf brogue, of aprayer that "'he had overheard old Davy pray while they, hung helpless on the .rck, thiieking. never .to esape. from it. Oh, Lord, only save my. live this once, and I'll smuggle no more," the slanxman hal cried; " and it's not for myself but ould Betty [ as it, t for Thou koowest she's tenyear dead in faug. hold charehyard, with twenty rolls' of good tl Seotch cloth in the grave atop of her. But I , had nowhere else to put it, and good Lord, only b remember the last day, and save my life till I h dig it up from off her ciest, for she was never ti a powerful woman." And thIre danger being over, neitherDavy nor the skipper took itill that the men should inako l sport of their groanniugs, for tlhey laughed with the rest, and together they waked a most rock. less uproar. \' All this while, though Mrs. Fairbrother had not left her bedroom, the girls' feet had been jigging about merrily over tie white t ioly.stoned floor to get some supper spread, t and Greeba, having Lriped Jason on the a shoulder, had carried Iun off quietly to the door of the parlour, aird puahedll h in trleri a whileshe ranr to get a light, for thie room was dark. It was also cool, with crockr of milk L etandling for crclam, and basin of eggs and askets of nrew-aoade cheese. And when Silo returned with thie candle in one haond, shaded iy the luilnous fingers of thire other, and its ,nrght light on hIer corely faice, she would hov t lorlded hil with every good thing the house ortoinel--collard healie, nard beef, and h 1io iren and Mran jolugh, and thre back of the day's pudding. SNothing lie would have, Ihow. ever, orave ore thing, andi that made great sport betwreen them; for it was an egg, and ihe ate it rane, riercly piceirig it with the pin oei ent him fIciro tier dresn, and then suckiorg it uc through the hole. At that sight sho made pre. ence to lshudder, anrd then shoe laughed lihke a 1 lll, saying he was n wild man indeed, and sle S had thought so when shie first set eyes on him en thre shore, and already she w?a moro thai air half afraid of him. II Their they laughed again, elm very slyly, he i very bashulfly, and while hier Iright eyes ti shone upon him she totl t ime how like Ire was, nlow that she saw him in the light, to some onei rlse she kuew of. lie iasked iher who that a was, and she ainswered warily, with something between a smilo and a blushi , that it weas onr I who had left the island that very night. ly this time the clatter of dishes mingled t witlir thire laughter nnd merry voices that c?me h from thie other side of the hall, and the two I went l:ack to thie kitclhen. Asher Fairbrother, who had been dozing h like a sheepdog in the ingle, was ther rising to hiis feet, ald e:aying, " And now for sipper; c arid let it Ito country fashion, g'irls, at this late hour of thie night." Country fashion indeed it was, witlh the long oak table vcrlhbed white like a butcher's toand1 and thIlirTe trln-lride of potatoes, boiledit in their jackets, toscd out at its head inid foot anrd mriddle, three hugo locks of salt, eachl o witlh its wooden spoon, laid down at the same II ipaces, nrid a ilate with a boiled herring and a rasin of last night's milk before every uest. p And tie seamen shamlled into their p ares, any man anywhere, all growling orlaughling, or both; and tie maids flipled about vero lightly, n rueiig nottling, amid so many fresha mace'sae faices, of the strange chnneo that had fothred them out of their beds for work at double I tides. And seeing the two' coming back together I from thire parlour, the banter of the seamen I took another turn, lcaving old Davy foryounig Ja son who was reaminded of tir e ias hd 1 Seagnm on the beach, sad naked if evar beorero I if a sailor lad had got the like from a lady with o out look or longing. Such was the ilow of o their lauter until treeba, being abashed, and r too hard set to control the rich colour that i mounted to her cheeks, fled laughing from the iroom to hide her confusion. But no rudeness was intended by the rude' C. sea-logs, and no offence was taken; for in that d first hour, after they had all been face to face with deatli, the barrier of manners stood for nothing to master or man or mistress or maid. But when thorough jest seemed to Iave gone far enough, and Jason, who had laughed at ft irst, htl.begun to hang his hoad- sittinmgjust where Stephen Orry had sat when, lobig years behoforo, hb took refuge in that house from the fourbluo-jackets in pursuit of him--old Davy I lierruisht got up nnd pulled his grizzled fore. a lock, and shoutedh to him above thu tumultof therest: "i Noverminid tholoblolly-boysboy "'hocried, "it'ujustjoelous they are, being so mlong Oat of prmetice ; anid there's one thiing you cn Gn, iiayway, and tlat'ethis-th lirst thingyou dit o" iettng? foot in the Isle of Man was to save tlholifo of a Manman." "Then hero's to his right good health," cried Asher Fairbrother, with his mouth in a basin of milk; and is that bravo liquor, with three times three and the thud and thong of twenty hard fists on the table, tio rough toast was cllea: round. Ai .£ 1, tie midst of it, when Oreeba,hurasing co?q rcd tlher maidenshame, had crept back to tll.kitchen, and Mrs. Fuirhrather us?a7t length by the lightoomo hubblinbt comd'e down to put nin end to it, the door of the porch opened, and crazy oht Chalso A'Killoy stood upon tl thrcllhhold, very pale, paltig r fr brath, and with a ghastly light in his sunken eyes, and cried, " Io's dying. Where's the young mamn that fetched him. ashore ? IIo's crying out for him, and I'm to fetch him along with nme straight away." Jason rose instantly. "I'll go," he said, anid he snatched up a cop. "And I'll go with you," said Greohba, and she caught up a shawl. Not a word more was said, and at the nsxt instant, before the others had recovered from their surprise, or the laughter and shoutins weiayct quite gone from their lile, the door lin closed aeg and the thfreo were gone. 1 Chaho in his eagerness to be back strode on some. paces ahead in the darkness, and Jason t and Greeba walked together. t"Who is it?" said Jason. "Do you knmbw" "No," said Greeba. "Chalon !" she cried, but the old man, withlhis face down, trudged along as oen who heard nothing. She tripped up tolim, and Jnason walkingbehind hoard th t sound of muttered words between them, but r caught'nothing of what passed. Dropping £ back to Jason's side the girl said : " It's a man I whom nobody holds.of ;much accomnt, poor 3 soul." " What is he ?" said Jason. t "A smuggler, people say, or pormhaps worseo. His wife h.n bot. losng years dcad, mld ho has lived alone'over since, shunned by most folks, and by his own son among others. It was his son twho w.iled to Iceland to-night" ' Iceland'? Did you say Iceland ?" "Yes, Iceland. It is your own country, is it not? But he hadn't lived with hIs father since he was a child. He was brought up by my ows. dear father. It was he who seemed to be so like to you." t Jason stoppeod suddenly in the dark lane. " What's t e name ?' he asked, hoarsely. it "TThe son's name ? 'Michael." d , Michael what ?" a " Michael Sunloks." b Jason' drew a long breath, and strode on without a word more. Very soon they were outside the little house in Port-y- Vullin. A Chalso was therm before them, and ho stood T with tie door ajar. d " Whisht !" the old man whispered. "Ile's ebbing' f st. HI's going out with the' tide. Listen !" n They crept in on tip-tod, but there wassmall need for quiet. The place was a scenie of dire. ful uproar and most gruesome spectacle. It was all but as throng of people as it had been nineteen years before, on the day of 'Line Lilley's wedding. On the table, the form, the iire.legged stool,, and in the lhimney career, they sat together cicheek.y.jowl, with eyes full of awe, most of them sileit or speakin low. behind their hands. 'On the bed the injured man lay and tossedin atrngdolirium. The w wet clothes wherets he had passed thoughthr e sa had been torn off, hislbody wrh n ieni 'o grey blanket, andthe .a wthd on ucs andsged with a d lotl h s lips were o dis olonurd, his cheeks were white, and his hair was damp with the, sweat that ran ina big drops eo bis face andneck. At his foot Nary Crow, stood, hohlrng a horn cup of brandy, and by his head knelt Ksao Wade, the Methodist, praying in a louad voice. ds "Godu bring him to Thy repentance,"cried t Kano Wade; " restore him to the joy of Thy k, salvation. The pains of hell live gotten hold of him. Hark houe the devil 'is tearing h. He' is like to the man with the unclean spirit, who had his dwelling among the tombs. The devil is gotten. into him; lut out wi' thee, Saton, and no more two words about it i Thanks be' usto, God, we can wrestle with Thee in prayer. Gloom at us, Satan; but never wil we rise from our mknee.until God lath given us the victory over thee, lest our G( brother fall into the jaws of bhell, and our own th souls be not free from bloos.goiltiness." e 'In this strain he pco ed, shouting at the fullso pitch of the vast bellows of Idu nengs, and loudest' of all when the'delirium of the sick In man was strongest, until his voice failed him from sheer exhaustion, and then his lips still Os moved, and ha mumbled hoarsely beneath his breath. Jason stood in the middle of the floor and sl looked on in his great stature over the hiead of of the people abouthim, while Oreub, with quiet rance arid gentl manners, thinsed toe little hut of soma of tihe may with whom the dense air t sniked and reeked. After that she lifted the poor restless, trembling, wet head from its hard pillow, and put it to rest oi her own soft arm, withher cool palm to the throbbing brow, mid ao then she damped the lips with brandy from lit Nary Crowo's rup. " This she did, and more ee than this, eeoming to cast away from her in a mnmenrt all her lightness, her playfulness, lier I's bounding happy spirits, anid in t he hour of need to find sulch tender offices come to her, a to all w true women, like anotherse?e. And presently the delirium abated, the for weary haul lay still, the bleared eyes opened, the discoloured lips parted, and the injured sot an tried to speak. But before ever a ward t could como, the changoe wao s seen by Kane li Wade, who cried, "T'hnk CGod, he has found to pdrce. Thank the Lord, who has given us the ,th victory. Satan is driven out of him. Mercy tli there is for the vilest ofuinners." And on th a top of that wild shout old Chalse struck up, foi wvithout wanting, mid in the craziest speech that lit evcreaone froe shumon threat, a cruoed hymni ,i.a of triuiplh, wherein til tho lines were onie lie snd all the notes one note, but telling how the Lord was King over death aid all the devils. o Again and ainl he yalg a rereof it, going fiater ait every reletition, and the otherajoined sm hin, st rugglin to keetp pae withl1im; allo ut reeli, svho tried byvmnu sotions tostop the IJ, tumult. and Jomon, whao looked dweii at the traugn sce ans erith eyes full otwonider. At e h ast th and chorus of h risioe u cm to anrid orit, anrd the et s eac ue said, Sti?ig his e v;eak eves iito the faces abo ut hn, " his hei li comne thC "lie is here," whispered Groeoa, and she li notioeld to jason. lit The lad pushed throughrt tIhe bedside, and ien for the fist time he came face to face with s Steplihci Urry. l . Didll ay voice, unieard of tihe others, er th in his ear it that a ,omeut, "iJason, Jason! bt this is ie whom iyo have crossedn the seas to wc olyr, ithd l has sent foeryuito i lese yo , for op the Int ailds of his lifo aru rumnine out" o" L~ave us alone together," sid Steil i we Orry; and tireba, fter eating out his pillow lit uatd sottiing his ,hcad on it, was abeutto move th owuv, whi, he whispered "tim t ynou," iand fl Thcle, with one accord the others crlledoel o i to his int to tarry over carolt t Joughts, for i tIls soul waspassinig through db ar watr, and ci lie shoauld never take rest until he hadt cot lo rneolar on a troutilous 'oyagye. st I"Get religio," crind Itali W Vade. " Ltay voi hoult of a fhree soleatin," cried old Chaise. All olct is as grass, " cried Mtl t Moyl. iit clreest. " Pray without easing," they al crued c together, with mucl etirieo ihn the saluue wild m strain. "I cinnot pray," the sick man muttered. " Then we'll pray for you, mate," ahouted CiI Kane Wade. "I "Ahl, pray, pray, pray," mumlded Stephen , Grey, "but it's no good; it's too late--too tate." "Newo is the peintte time," shouted Kaino Wade. " The Lord cani side to the uttereost -the worst sinner of us all." Jo " If I'm a inneor, let me not hoacoward in be m.y tine,"said Stephe Orrey. "love pity on los me 0nid leaveme." But KIuuie Wdue went on to tell the story of ho tils own conversion. It seas on a Saturday Ce, night of the mackeral season down at Kinsale. The couvietion had fixed itself upon him up that if he did not hebr the pardoning volce befuer the clock struck twelfe, hewoueld he damned to all eternity. 'When the clock wi began to warn far midnight the hair of hi'th h. flesh ,tond up; for he was still nnosveo.. But if before it had flnished striking the Saviour wan i his, and he was rejoicing in a bleosed salvo S "Howcanyou torture it poor dying man e' nuttlerl Stephlen Orry. " " Call on the Lord, mnate," shouted Kane it Wade, "' Lord, I beluve, help Thou my' n or "I've something to do, and the pains of Sdeath have hold of me," muttered Stephen Orry. " . " Ie parthoned the thafe on the crone," cried it ld Chause, "and he's gotten parthlon'loftfor t you." "Cruel--eruel! larve youe no pity for a wretched dying mun l" mumbled Stephen y Orry. " You've notlived a right life,brother,"cried , Kano Wade; ' and'you've been over wako'ir yer intellects, so never take rest till ye've read Syour title dclear." "You would scarco think they could have the heart these people--you would scares think itj would you,' said Stephen Orry, lifting his poor glasycyes to Goneba's face. . Then with the same quiet gramce as before, the girl got up, and gently pushed the men out of the house one by one. " Come lback in an hour," she whispered. It was a gruesomo spectacle-the rude Methodists, with their loud voicoes and hot faces and eyes of flame, trying to do their duty by the soul of their fellow creature ; the poor to tured sceptl, .who knew lie hadt lved an evil fiuoue d sat nohoe of. parion, and wold not is i iuci a cowardlas to cry for mercyinm his last l~hn, the young Icelaider lookingon in silence aid surprise ; and the girl moving hitherand thither umong them ll, like a soft voiced dove in a cage of hoarse jackdaws. SBut whenthe little house was clear, and the Methodists, who started a hymn on the beach outside, had gone at last, and their singing had faded asfay, and there was only the low wail of the ebbing tide where there had been eo. loud a Babel of many tongues, Stephen Orr nraised himself feebly on his elbow and asked for his coat.' Jason found it on the hearth and lifted it up, still damp and "stiff, from the ud. die of :water that lay under it. Then Stephen Orry told Ihm to put his hand in the breast pocket and take out what he would find there. Jason did as he was bidden and drew forth the bagof money. "Her it is," hosaid, " what shall I do with it P" "It is yours," said Stephen Orry. "Mine ?" said Jason. "I meant it for my son," said Stephen Orry. He spoke in his broken Euglish, but let us take lithe words out of his mouth. "It'syours now, my lad. Fourteen years-I'vo been gathering it, meaning itfor my son. ' Little I tiought to part with st to a stranger, but it's yours, for you'veearned it." " NO, no," said Jason. " I'v earned no this ' o tried to save my life," said Stephen Ocry. SI couldn't help doing that," said Jason, "and I want on pay." "" But its tiro iundred pounds, my lad." " No mattdft." . "' Then how much lihveyou got ?" "Nothing.". "Has tirhe wreck taken all ?" "Yes; -no; that is, I never had any. thing." :' ake the money. For God's sake, take it, and do what you like with it, or I'll die in torture," cried Stephen Orry, and with a groan he throw himself backward on the bed. "I'll keep it for your son,"' said Jason. "His name is Michael Sunlocks, isn't it? And he-has sailed for Iceland, hasn't' he? That's my country; and I may meet him some day."$ 'en n i a breaking voice Stephen Orry said, " If you have y father he must be proud of you, my lad. "Wlio is he u" And Jason'answored moodily, "I have no father-mnoio I ever knew." " Did he die in your childhood ?" "No." "Before youwere born F" "Is he alive?" "Ay;, for aught I know." ~tephen O"rry struggled to his elbow'again. " Then he had wrongedyour mother?" he aid, with his breath coming quick. " Ay, mybe so." SThe villi? etwho am I to rail at him ? Isyoui motherstillvAlive . , xo., . " Whoere is your father ?' Don't speb df him, said Jason in an underbreath.' .. "But what's your name, my lad ?" "Jason." With a long sigh of relief Stephen Orry dropped hbaek and muttered to himself. "To think that such a father should never have known he had such a son." Thepower of lifeebbed fastin him, buatafter a pause, he said, " My lad." o "Well," said Jason;:. " I've done you a great wrong." "When did you do me na wroug?" "To.aight ' .. .... "How ' . "No matter. There's no undoing it no+- God forgive me. But let me be your fatheu, though 'm na dying man, for that will give you the right to keep my poor savings foryour. self." - "But they belong to. your son,' said Jason. "He'h never touch them," said . Stephen s " Why not ?" said Jason. "Don'taskme. Leave moalone. For mercy's sake don't torture a dying mamn," cried Stephen Orry. . . h "That's not whatImeant to do" said Jason, giving way; "and if you wish itIwll keep the mmoney." " Thank God," said Stephen Orry. Some moments thereafter he lay quiet, breathing fast and loud, while Greeha hovered abouthim. Then in a feebler voice he said:- n "Do you think, my lad, you will ever meetmy "Maybe so,"said Jason. " rll gobaek when h I've done what I came to do." " What is that ?'" Greeba whispered, but he tI went on without answering bher. " Thougl our country is big our people are few. WhVlere wilihe be 0 . "I scarce can say. He has gone tlook'for v someone. He's a noble boy, can tell you that. And its something for a father to tlinkof when histime comes, isn't it? He lives his father,. too-that is, lie did loveme when hb was alittle f chap.'You must know he hadno mother. Only think, I did everything for him, though I was a rough fellow. Yes, I niused him and com. fortedhim as any woman might. Ay, and the h little muam loved me then, for all he doev't bear a his father's name now." Jason glanced up inquiringly, first at Stephen k Orry and thuen at Oreoeba. Stephen saw o nothing. Hiseyes were dim, butfull of tender. i nless, and his deep voice was very gentle, and he rambled on with many a brenik and between ntany a groan, for the power of life was low in I " You see, I called him Sunlocksl. Thatwas i benuse itiuas kiidnd and closelike. Be used to 1 ride on my shoulder. We played togetherlt then, havirg no no one else, andI was every. tlting to him, anid he was all the world i to me. Al, that was long ago. Sunlocks-- t little Sunlocs--my little Suanlocks! Miy owno little--" At that point he laughed a little, and tloen c seemed to weep like a child, though no tears came to his eyes, anoi the next momenot, under Ia the pain of joyful memories anl the flowa of I blood upon the brain, his mintd began to wander. It was very pitiful to look ulon. His h eyes were open, but it was clear thatthey d i dh not see; his utterance grew thick and his wonla J were confused and foolishh; but his face was titeup with a surprising joy, nud you kneow Clt si the years aiol rollol buck, and tleo great rude it fellow was alone with his boy, and dtoatingou d him. Sometimes he would seenm to listen as if for tie chitld's answer, and then he would lauh s as if at its artless prattle. Again he would o seor to sitog the little one to sleeo, crooning very ow a broin et?ire that rn a bruid then si stoplped. Again he would say veryolowly what y ounded like the worlds of some baby prayer, anod while he did so his chin would be twistedl into his breast and his arms wouldt struggle to ct crosa it, as though the child itself were ioeot more back in his tosom. At all this Greebha cried behind her Lands ' unable to lookeor listlen any longer, ind Jluon, though hl e shed no tears, said in a husky voice, "Ite canuot be altogether bad who loved his son no." The delirium grow stronger, the look of joy and the tender words gave place to glancea of fear and some quick beseeching, and then Jtason said in a tremulous whisper, "It mnust be something to know you have a father who loves you like that." Biut hardly had the words been spoken when he threw back his headt andt asked in a firm voice how far it was to Port Erin. " About thirty miles," said Oreeoba, looking up at the sudden question. "Not more " asked Jason. "N'o. He has lived thlere," abe answdred, with a motion of her head downwards towards the beI. it "Re?" S "Yes, over since his wife died. Before that thoylived ie this place with Michael Sualocks. ila wife met with a terrible death." "Howl" " She was murdered by some enemy of her husband. The mane escaped, but left his namno behind him. .It was Patrcksen." "Patricksen ?" r "Yes..That must be fourteen years ago, n and since then he has lived alone at Port Erie. Duyou wish to go there?" d "Ay-that is, so I intended." " To look for someone." S "Who isit?" "My father." For' a moment Greeba was silent, and then d she said with her eye down, . * " Why look for him if he wronged your dmother?".. "That's why I meant to do so." She looked up into his face, and stammered, S"But whyp?" He did not appear to hear her; his eyes were fixedon the man on the bed; andlutrdly had she asked the question when she covered her ears with her hands as though to shut outhi. f answer. "Was tIat why you came?" she asked. "Yes," he answered. "If we had not been wrecked to-night I should lave dropped over s board and desrted." "Strange," she said. "Itwasjustwlhate did, when he came to the island nineteen years ago." t" Yes, nineteen years ago," Jason repeated. e e.spckah like a man m a sleep, snd shi beg n to treible.' . : '"What n.thoeajnttero " she ald,- : : ." Within a few minnut his faeedhad suddenly changed, and it was now awful to lbok upon. Not eor an instant did he'turn his eyes from the bed. The delirium of the sick man had deepened by this. time; the little, foolish, baby play. words in the poor broken English came from him no more, but he seemed to ask eager ques tions, in a tongue that Greeba did not under. "This'man is an Icelander," said Jason. "Didn't you know that before ?" said Greeba; "What is his n ome?" said Jason. "Haven't you heard ityet?" ' " What is his name ?" Then for one quick instant he turned his face towards her face, and she seemed to read his thought. "My God!" she cried, and she staggered back. 'Just then there was a sound of footsteps on the shingle outside, and at the neat moment Steen and Thurotan Fairbrother and old Davy Kerruish pushed opean the door. They had come to fetch Greeba. "The Methodee man tould us," said Davy, standing by Jason's side, " ard, my gough, but it's morud cur'ouse. What's it's sayng, ' Talk of the divil,' and sure enough it was the big widda man hsself we were talking of, less nor a half hour afore we struck." " Comb, my lass,"said Thuistan. "No, no; I'll seay hroe," said Greeba. "But your mother is fidgetting and this is no place for a slip dl a girl--cme l" "I'll stay with him alone," said Jason. "No, no," cried Greeba. - "It's the lad's right, for all," said old Davy. "He fetched the poor chap out of the water. Come, let's take the road forit." " Will no one stay instead of me i" said Greehba. "Where's the use?" said Davy. "Ieo's racily past help. Ho's outward bound, poor chap. Poor Orry ! Poor ould Stephen!" Then they drew Greeba away, mand with a look of fear fixed on Jason's face she passed out at the door. Jason was now alone with Stephen Orry, and felt like a man who had stumbled into a tudden grave.. Ie had set out over the seas to search forhis father, and here, at his first setting foot on the land, his father lay at his feet. So this was Stephen Orry; this was he for whom his maother had given up all; this was he for whom she had taken a father's crese ; this was he for whom she had endured poverty and shame; this was he who had negleeted her, struck her, forgotten her with another woman ; this was he who had killed her- the poor,-loving, loyal, plasionato heart-not in a day, or an hour, or a moment, but in twenty long years. Jason stood over the bed and looked down. Surely the Lord God had heard his great vow and de livered the man into his hands. IIe would have hunted the world over to find him, but here at,ap lido he hed him. Itwas heaven's own justice, dad if he ehold bick now the curse of hisdead mother would fallow him'frem the grave. ' . Yet a trembling shook his whole frame, and his heart beat as if it would break. Why did he wait ? He remembered the tenderness that had crept open him not many minutes ago, as he listoened to the poor heby babble of the man's delirium, and at that the gall in his threat seemed to choke him. He hated himself for yieldiig to it, for now he knew for whom it had been meant. It had been meant for his I own father dotling over the memory of another I son. That son had supplanted himself ; that I son's mother had supplanted his own mother; I and yet he, in his ignorance, had all but wept n for both of thaei. But no matter, he was now to be God's own right hand of justice on this e evil-doer. Dawn was breaking, and its woolly light n crept lazily in at the little window, past the lamp that still burned on the window-board. c The wind had fallen, and the sea lay gloomy and I dark, as if with its own heavy memories of last c ght's tempest. Th e grey light fell on the sick man'e' face; and ucder' Jsosn's eyes it i seemed to' light up' the poor, miserable; naked soul within. The delinum had now set in strong; and many were the wild words and fro quent'vastlih cry that rang through tholittle house. "Not while he is like that," thought Jason. " I wtil whis for the lull." ' He took up a pillow in both hands and stood h by tl?heed and waited, never lifting his eyes off the face. But tl o lull did not come.' Would it not comoe at all ? Whatif the delirium were h never to pass away? 'Couldhe still do the thing he"intended? No, no, no! But heaven had heard his vow and led him there. The delirium would yet pass; then' he would accuse his f?ther face to face and eye to eye, and then- ' ' "Thei current of Jason's thoughts was sud denly arrested by a cry from the sick man. It was " Rachel ! ltichel! Rachel !" spoken in a n voice of deep 'entreaty, and there came'after it a in' disjointed words of the Icelandic tongue a e pitiful appeal for forgiveness: At that a great fear soiaod upon Jason, and the pillow drolped e from his hands to the ground .' I " Rachel! Rachel!"mcame again inthe same pitiful voice of supplication; and at thle sund of that name sospoken, the bitterness ofJason's heartwent off like a wail of the wind. It was a cry of remorse'; a cry or pardon; a cry for 'mercy. There could be nojugglery. In that hour of the mind's awful vanlquishrament a hluman soul stood naked before hiun as before I itsaMaker. a Jason's great resolve was shaken. lHad it been oily iu blind tangle of passion and sin ? If the Alnlighty had callil him to ta the in strumaent of His venv.eanece, wouldlie have do livered his ciemy into his hands like this- dilying, delirious, with broken brain and broken lewrt" . Still his motlher's namne came from his father's a lips, ild then his mind went back tc the words n that hlad so ltely lpassed betweeni them. "Let mue he your father, though I ui a dying a ma:n." Ahl! sweet, beautiful, bliud fallacy coule he not let it he? Tihe end was very near; the delirium passed ' w~ay, aeid Stephen Orry opened Ilis eyes. The a great creature was a quiet as a child now, and as soft and gentle as a child's was his deep, * hoarse voice. lie knew that he had been iran dering in his mindl, anld when he looked lnto Jason's face a pale smile crossed his own. " I thought I had found her," he said, very simply, "ry pooryoung wife that once was; a it asleho that I lhad lost so loog ago, and did such wrong by." t .Jaone's throat was choking him, but he c stammered out: "Lie still, sir, lio still and ' rest." a But Stephen Orry talked on in the same h simple way. " Ah, how silly I am. I forgot h You didn't know." "Lie still and rest,' said Tason again. b " There wsee somaeone with her, too. I thouaght it was hler son --her child 'and nie, that wasto come whene I left hler. And only O think, 1 looked again, and it seemed tobe you. Yes, you-for it wie the face of him that i fetchl me uout f lthe sea. Ithoughtyouwere s siey ,on indleed." 'eian Jneeue could bear aup no loiger. o i flaung limself down on hlis knees bl the bed side, and buried his face in thle diyieg man's brerst." r lhatller," lhe sobbed, " I am our son." But Stetlh ee Orrily smiledainld iaswiered very eultivly, "Al, yes, I remeemiber--thbat eas part al our bargain, my good lad. Well, r God bless you, my sou. God bless seed saeed you." And that was the end of Orry. (TO BR COoT?nU D.) 