A Ghost Story. Does anyone doubt the existence of spirits, asks a writer in the Cincinnati Enguircr, or think that with the death of the body existence is at an end, and that the good and evil alike rot together, and are no more ? Here is a truthful story for such a sceptic, which ho is welcome to sift to the bottom. The person to whom the experience befel is a distant relative of the writer, a woman of undoubted veracity, of more than ordinary intelligence, and of high character. I give the story as nearly in her own words as possible : " It was," says she in telling it, " in the latter part of last year that my esperwce occurred. I had, of course, heard the usual number of ghost stories, but I was an unbeliever previously to the events which I am about to relate. On Nov. 3,1888, I married Mr. S., who, as you know, is my secoDd husband. For about six weeks we lived in our New York house OH Thirty-fifth street. But the house my husband had always considered his home is situated at Huntington, Long Island. It is a fine, large, old-fashioned house, built on the brow of a hill overlooking the sound, and surrounded with oak and fir trees of enormous Bize. It may be called a family seat, as it was inherited by my huBband from his grandparents. " My husband's first wife met with a very tragic fate within sight of this house. She was a skilful boatwoman and very fond of rowing about on the sound, sometimes allowing her boat to drift out with the tide and come back on the return tide* One day she drifted out on the tide and was carried further than usual away from land. Before the tide turned a violent thunder-storm arose and the wind blew a gale. The poor woman must have been drowned during this, for she never returned, and the small boat in which she had been was picked up days after over a hundred miles awoy by a coasting ashoonor. "This terrible accident occurred eight years ago, and such a thing as her ghost returning was never dreamed of during these years. It was the day before Christmas last, when, with a party of friends, we went down to Huntington. The old house had been elegantly refitted, and was the personification of home comfort, with its cheerful, old-style wood fires on the wide hearths. Our party was indeed a jolly one. There were two ether brides in it besides myself. " The room which my husband and I occupied was on the second floor-a large corner room at the front of the house overlooking the sound, the bright waters of which glimmered and silvered through the branches of the trees about the house, as one looked from our north windows. " We had retired on the first night of our occu- pancy rather late, and, being much wearied by the fatigues inoumbent on me, as hostess, I soon fell asleep. " Suddenly I awoke with a start. I felt some- thing cold on my face. I could scarcely breathe, as a deathlike feeling ran through me, and seemed to freoze my blood. It was most horrible. Open- ing my eyes I saw a woman-if such an object as I looked upon could be said to have sex. She was exceedingly tall, and about her head hung long, wet streams of yellow hair. Her whola form was lurid with a kind of phosphorescence, and her eyes seemed to blaze with a greenish fire. About her form hung a long loose wrapper, which water seemed to drip from, each drop having a green sparkle as it fell j but, most horrible of all, I could see clear through her body The moon was shining in through the window, andv she was between me and the moon, and, strangely enough, I could see all her bones inside of her body, which seemed to be less transparent than the flesh. So she seemed a skeleton with a pallor of flesh and ciothiDg about her. Slowly with her horrible bony hands she stroked my warm flesh, and salt water seemed to drip from them as she did so. She literally felt rae all over, and while she was doing so I lay spellbound without the power of speech or motion. Meanwhile John (my husband^ remained sound asleep. "At last, as she seemingly had satisfied her curiosity in regard to me, she quietly raised up the covers and got into the bed between us. Her «old, clammy form lay still for a while liko a corpse. Then she spoke : ' John !' at the same time taking his hand in hers. My husband awoke and only looked at her a second when, with a wild shriek, he leaped from the bed and found a match. Meanwhile I still lay there in the bed. So did the woman or ghost. "WVion flin licrlif- tras lit a lond rranh wan hparrl The ghost was gone in an instant. On looking around the whole sash was broken bodily out of the north window, the window toward the sound, and a weird, wailing wind came whistling into the room. The noise had aroused the house, and before long our guests ond servants were in the room with us. On hearing the strange story they were greatly surprised. My husband recognised the ghost as that of his drowned wife. " To satisfy our guests we sat up all together in the room nest night, and at about the same time the same horrible spectre returned, this time only staying a few minutes, but long enough to scare one of our young ladies into a dead faint. " We all left the house soon after, and since that time the strange phantom has been seen in the same room a number of times. She has also been seen walking about the grounds always dressed in the same manner as I have described and looking the same. " Had I not seen this with my own eyes and had others present to witness it, I should never have believed so remarkable a freak of nature possible." There seems every reason to believe that Mrs S. tells this story with.the utmost belief in its truth. 