i wmi \ .. %mgm ... - ? i . by:/P. v \; H Author .of . ' Barriera Burned Away,' 'ilpcaingr | Ches&LUt; Burr,' 'Wiflbut lt Home, 4 3Ie Fell in i CHAPTEE XXXIV.— Costtkited. The next few days and nights passed in i quiet axid all banto breathe more feeriy- Even Ann' Jinkeyrallied under the scmthing influence of her pip© and the PrileS® 0 watching pact of each day with x Slowly Sregirl began to growbetter. Hoping not even for tolerance of .her feelings in regard to Scoville, it was her instinct to cohceal themfrom her relatives. - - She knew -Mrs. Waldo -would not reveal what Ann' Jixflrey had told her, and understood the peculiar tenderness with whieh that lady often kissed her. "She also guessed that while the staunch Southern friihnd had tteepsympathy for her there was not very strong regret that the had ended in a way to preclude further complications. 4 Remember, my dear/said Mrs. Waldo, in her affectionate parting, that God iiever utterly impoverished our lives. - Only we ourselves can-do that; You will get well and become happy, in making others happy.1 i On the evening of that day, even Mr. Barons routine was ' completely restored." TTia larder" was. meagre compared with the past, hut with the .exception that Mrs. Whtely occupied the: place of his niece at the. table, and . viands were fewer, all ; was asrit had -been: Zany1 s f ears had subsided, leaving her inwardly' chafing at the prospect of monotonous and indefinite years of work under 4 ole misfi/withhttle chance of Chunk's return. Aun' Siike's taste , of freedom had not been to her mind, so she was rather com- j plaeent than otherwise, and especially over j the feet thai there was so little to cook. The ! garden and Mr. Baron's good credit would insure enough plain food till the crops matured and the impoverishment caused by the raid was repaired. It certainly seemed when the sun set that evening that the pre sent aspect t>f affairs might be maintained indefinitely in the little community. Only one was not exactly at rest. Perkins felt as if something was in the air. There was a brooding, sullen quiet among the negroes which led , him to suspect that they were waiting and hoping for something un known to him. This was true of Uncle Lusthah and the majority. The crack of Union rifles was the 6oun' f'um far away' they were listening for. By secret channels of communication tidings of distant battles were conveyed from plantation to plantation, and the slaves were often better informed than their masters. The time had come when Chunk was ready to act. On the night in question a hot wind arose which blew from the little burial-place on the hill towards the house. 4 Hi ! now's de charne ter fix dat ar bizness !' and he made his preparations. Shortly before midnight he crept lie a cat under the overseer's window. The heavy snoring rose and fell reassuringly, tweet as music to Chunk's ears. Not so the angry, restless growling of the savage blood hound chained within. 4 But you doan kotch me ais yere time fer all ver fuss, Marse Grip, the negro muttered. I done hab yer brek- fus1 ready for yer ! Dat'll settle yer hash,1 and with deft hand a piece of poisoned meat Was tossed close to the brute's feet as Chunk .hastened away. Jute was next wakened and put on the watch. An hour later there came from the soldiers' cemetery the -most doleful . unearthly sounds imaginable. No need for Jute and his confederates to arouse the other negroes in the quarters. A huddled frightened " gang soon collected, Aun' Jinkey among them, 0 seared she could not speak. Marse Perkins ought to know 'bout dis,' vried Jute. The suggestion was enough. The whole terror-stricken throng rushed in a body to -the overseer's cottage and began calling and shrieking, 4 Come out yere ! come out yere !' Confused in his sudden waking, and thinking be was mobbed, he shouted through the window, 4 I'll shoot a dozen of yer ef yer don't elar out.' 4 Marse Perkins, des you lis'ny rose in chorus from those far beyond the fear of mortal weapons. In the silence that followed, the rushing wind bore down to them a weird, dismal howl that in Perkins's. ears .met every ghostly requirement. His teeth began to chatter like castinets, and snatching his jug of eorn whiskey . he swallowed great draughts. ' We des tink -you orter kuow -bout dis,' said Jute. 4 Cert'ny, cried Perkins in his sadden flame of false courage. 4 I'll light a lantern and take twenty o' you hands round that, place. Ef thar's a cuss yonder matin' this 'sturbance we'll roast 'im alive.' In a moment or two he dressed and came out with a light and his gun. Two re volvers were also stucktin his belt. Ashe appeared on the threshold there was a pro longed yell, which curdled even his inflamed blood and sent some of the negro women into hysterics. 4 Come on,' shouted tlie overseer hoarsely, 4 thirty of yer ef yer afraid.1- The crowd fell back. 4 Wis ain't g wine ter dat ar spook place, no mattah w'at you do. to us.1 4 Perkins, what is the matter ?' Mr. Baron was heard shouting from the house. 4 Beckon you had better come out yere, sir.1 4 Are the hands making trouble r' 4 No,: sir, sump'n quar's gwine on, what we kyant mek out yit.' Mr. Baron, wrapped in his dressing-gown, soon appeared on the scene, while Aun'Sukes domain contributed, its quota also of agitated, half-dressed forms. Chunk could -hot resist the temptation to be a witness to the scene, and in a copse near by was grinning with silent laughter at his success. After learning what had occurred, Mr. Baron scoffed at their superstitions, sternly bidding all to go to their places and keep quiet. 4 Perkins, you've been drinking beyond reason,' he warned his overseer in a low voice. 4 Get back to your room quick, or you will be the laughing- stock of every body ! See here, you people, you have simply got into a panic over the howling of the wind, which happens to blow down from the graveyard to-night.1 ; 4 Neber yeared the win1 howl that way I befo'/ the negroes answered, as in a mass they drib«cfc to%i||ere. ; Perkins was not only aware of his condi- tioiybnt wasatejad tohave so good an ctxto ifer mot eeu-ching the cemetery. Scaree lM1 atonep however/ before he folfowed the negroes, resolved upon companionship of even those in whom he denied a lininjmriy like his own. In the dsrlmpgs Chunkfound an opportunity to summon Jute asandsay, 4 JeNree er fo1 ob I you offer ter stay wid ole Perkins. Thet' he'pmeout/ ? Perkins accepted the offer gladly, and they I agreed to watch at his door and in the little J hall-way. j 4 You mus 'des tie rip dat ar dawg ob j youm/ first stipulated Jute. _ J 4 Why, war in is the dbg ? Hain't j yeared a sound from 'im sence the 'sturhahee J "bqgnn.' / j 4 Dawge kyant stan1 spooks nohow,1 re- i marked Jute. . j 4 I've yeared thai,1 admitted Perkins, J looking round for the animal. : j 4 Thar he is, un'er yo' baid/ said Jute, I peddiig through the docpray. The miserable man's hair fairly stood up J when the brute, was discovered stark and I dead without a scratch upon him. Recourse 1 was again had to the jug, and oblivion soon J followed. Chapter XXXV.-— A Visitation. ' There was no more-deep at the quarters that night, and never was the dawn more wel come. It only brought a respite, however, for the impression was fixed' that the place I was haunted. . . There was a settled aspect of gloom and anxiety on every dusky face in the ; morning. Mr. Baron found his overseer inca pacitated for duty, but the hands were rather anxious to go to work and readily obeyed his | orders to do so. They clung to all that was familiar and every -day-like, whale their fears and troubled consciences spurred them to tasks which they felt might be a sort of pro pitiation to the mysterious powers abroad. Zany was now eorry indeed that she had not gone with Chunk, and poor Ann1 Jinkey so shook and trembled all day that Mrs. Whateiy would not let her watch by Miss Lou. Knowing much of negro superstitions she believed, with her brother and Mrs. Baron, that the graves on the place, together with some natural, yet unusual, sounds, had started a panic which would soon die out. When at last Perkins, shaky and nervous, reported the mysterious death of his dog, Mr. Baron was perplexed, but nothing more. 4 You were in no condition to give a sane ac count of anything that happened last night, he said, curtly. 4 Be careful in the future. If you will only be sensible about it, this ridiculous scare will be to our advantage, for the hands are subdued enough now and frightened into their duty. Perkins remained silent. In truth, he was more frightened than anyone else, for the death of his dog appeared to single him out j as a special object of ghostly hostility. He got through the day as well as he could, but | dreaded the coming night all the more as he saw eyes directed towards him, as if he, in some way, were the cause of the supernatural visitation. This belief was due to the fact that Aun' Jinkey in her terror had spoken of Scoville's death, although she would not tell j how she knew it. 4 Perkins shoot at en try j ter kill Marse Scoville,' she whispered to her cronies, 4 en now he daid he spook comm.' yere to hant de oberseer. We neber hab no quiet nights till dat ar Perkins go away fer J good.1 1 This rational explanation passed from lip to lip and was generally accepted. The coming night was looked forward to in deep apprehension, and by none more than Perkins. Indeed, his fears so got the better j of Mm that when the hands quit Work he I started for the nearest tavern and there re- I inained till morning. Chunk was made aware of this fact, and the night passed in absolute I quiet. All the negroes not in the secret now hoped that the overseer was the sole prey of the spook, and if they remained quietly in their places they would be unmolested. j Chunk and a few of the boldest of his fellow conspirators had full scope, therefore, to per fect their final arrangements. In a disused room of one of the out-buildings the most ragged and blood-stained uniforms of the Union soldiers had been cast and forgotten. These were carried to a point near the buiy- ing-ground, tried on, and concealed. Chunk found it was no easy task to keep even the restless fellows he had picked up to the sticking point of courage in the gruesome tasks he had in view, but his 6coff, together . with their mutual aid and comfort, earned them through, while the hope of speedy free dom inspired them to what was felt to be great risks. .. On this occasion he dismissed them some little time before midnight, for he wished them to get rested and in good condition for what he hoped would be the final effort the following night. As he lingered in the still, starlit darkness he could not resist making an effort to see Zany, and so began hooting like an owl down by the run, gradually approach ing nearer till he reached the garden. ' Zany, wakeful and shivering with nameless dread, was startled by the sound. Listening intently, she soon believed she detected a note that was Chunk's and not. a bird's. Her first im pression was that her lover had discovered 1 that he could not go finally away without her and so had returned. Her fear of "spooks was so great -that her impulse was to run away with Chunk as far from that haunted plantation as he would take her. Trembling like a wind-shaken leaf, she stole into the garden shrubbery and whispered 4 Chunk ?' 4 Hi! yere I is.1 j There was no tantalising coquetry in I Zany's manner now. In a moment she was I in Chunk's arms sobbing, 4 Tek me way off j funi dis place. I go wid you now, dis berry 1 minute, en ' X never breve easy till we way, j way off enywhar, I doan keer whar; O Chunk, you doan know w'at been j gwine on en I daren't tell you twel we gits j way off.1 I 4 1 isn't feared,1 replied Chunk, easily, j 4 Dat's kase you doan know. I des been . tremblin' stiddysence las1 nigbt en I'se feared I hit begin eny minute now.' 1 4 Hit woan "begin dis yere night,' replied I Chunk, soothingly and incautiously. 1 4 How you know ?' she aked quickly, a j sudden suspicion entering her mind. 1 4 W'at's ter begin. ?' answered Chunk, now Jon his guard. De night am still, nobody roun'. I hang roun1 a few nights twel I study outdebes'plau'ter gitaway/ you been hangux1 roun' nights, Chunk !' Zany asked, solemn. 4 How youttalke, Zany U -Does you_®Pfe , I dar stay roun1 wiu« Burkina am ? He kill me. He done gone way to-night;' 4 How you -know dat ?1 4 One de fiel'-hans tole me.1 4 Chunk/efypu uptershines cn doan tole me I done wid yon. Hasn't I hep you out'n ; in eheryting sofur? :: Ef I fib1 out you been, skeering me so wid eny doing's I des dope wid you. I. des feel hit m iny bones you de spook. You kyant bamboozle me. I kin hep you— hab done it afo' — en I tin hinder, you, to bekeerfuL Here's toine difnence in. being a spook yoself en .bein1 skeeied ter death by a rale spook, Ef you. tryin1 ter skeer en fool me 1 he wuss on you ner eny Voodoo wonran dateber knnjora folks.1 . The, interview ended in Chunk's niaking a clean breast of it and in securing Zany as an afly vthjmental tesCTtations. . The thought that he had fooled her ranlded. , Mr, Baron's expostulation and his own pressing interests induced Perkins to remain at home the following night. As Jute had seemed forgiving and friendly, the overseer asked him to brinsr two others and stay with him, offering some of the contents of the re plenished jug as a reward. They sat .respectfully near the door, while Perkins threw himself on bis bed with the intention of getting to sleep as toon as possible. 4 Are you . shore there wuz no sturhances last ' night?1 he asked. . 4 Well, Marse PerMns,' replied Jute, 4 you didn't 'spect we out loolnn'. - wuz po'ful. sleepy, en roll we haids en er blankets - en den 'fo' we knowed, hit sun-up. Folks say eh de quarters dat ar spook aitt' arter us.' 4 Who the devil is hit arter then ?' was the angry response. 4 How we know, mars'r ? We neber try ter kill enybody.1 4 But I tell you I didn't kill him,1 expostu lated their nervous victim. 4 Didn't make no names, Marse Perkins. I on" y knows w'afl yeared folks tell 'bout spooks. Dey's mighty eur'us, spooks is. Dey 's des ; 'pear to get a spite agin some folks en dey ain1 bodderin' oder folks long cz dey ain1 'feered wid. I 'spect a spook dat wuz 'feered wid, get he dander up en slam roun' permiseus. I des tek a ole bull by de horns 'fo' I 'fere wid a spook,' and Jute's com panions grunted assent. 4 Wat's the good o1 yer bein' yere then?5 Perkins asked, taking a deep draught. 4 Well, now, Marse Pernios, you mus'n be onreasonbul. W'at cud we do? We des riskin' de wool on we haids stavin' yere fer comp'ny. Ef de spook come, s'pose he tink we no business yere en des lay we out lak he kun jer yo1 dawg ? We des tank you, Marse Perkins, fer anoder lil drap ter kep we sperets out'n we shoon,' and Jute shuddered por tentously. 4 Well,' said Perkins, with attempted bravado, 4 1 rammed a piece o' silver down on the bullet in my gun. 'Twix 'em both ' 4 Dar, now, Marse Perkins, you des been 'posed on 'bout dat silber business. Ole Une' Sampson w'at libed on de Simcoe place nigh on er hun'erd yeahs dey say, tole me lots 'bout a spook dat boddered urn w'en he a boy. Way back ole Marse Simcoe shot at de man dat hanker fer he darter. De man put out on get drownded, hut dat doan make no dif'rence Unc' Sampson say, kaze ole Marse Simcoe do he bes' ter kill der man. He sorter hab kill in he heart en Unc1 Sampson low a spook know w'at gwine on in er man's in'erds, -en dey des goes fer de man dat wanter kill um ou de sly, cn not dose dat kill in fa'r fight. Ole Unc' Sampton po'ful on spooks. He libed so long he get to be sorter spook heself, en dey say he talk tor um haf detime 'fo' he fciner des snuf out'n lak a can'l. 4 He wuz a silly, old fool,' growled Perkins, with a perceptible tremour in his voice. 4 'Spect he wuz 'bout some tings,1 re sumed Jute, 4 but know spooks he sut'ny did. He say ole Marse Simcoe useter plug lead en silver right froo dat man dat want he darter, en dar was de hole en de light shinin' froo hit. Bnt de spook ain' min'in' a lil ting lak dat, he des come on all de same snOopin1 roun' arter de ole man's darter. Den one mawiiin' de ole man lay stiff en daid in he baid, he eyes starin' open ez ef he see sump'n he couldn't stan nohow. Dutwuz de las' ob dat ar spook, Unc' Sampson say, en he say spook's eur'us dat away. W'en dey sat'sfy dere grudge dey lets up en dey doan foller de man dey down en ka2e dev .on'y po'r in de place whar de man 'lowed ter kill'iim. Perkins took a mental note of this very im portant luhitation of ghostly persecution, and resolved that if he had any more trouble all the crops in the "State would not keep him within the haunted limit. He whiled away the time by aid of bis jug -and Job-like comforters till it began to grow late and he drowsy. Suddenly. Jute exclaimed, 4 Hi! Marse Perkins, w'at dat light danein' up yon'er by de grabeyard ?' The overseer rose with a start, his hair rising also as he saw a fitful jack-o1 -lantern gleam, appearing and disappearing on the cemetery . toil. As had been expected, he obeyed his impulse, pouring down whiskv until he speedily rendered limaplf utterly helpless j but, while his intoxication disabled him physically, it produced for a time an excited and disordered condition of mind in. which he was easily imposed upon. Jutq shook him and adjured to get up, saying, 4 1 years quar soun's comm.1 dis way/ . When . satisfied that their victim could make no resistance Juto and companions pretended to start away in terror. Perkins tried to im plore them to remain, hut bis lips seemed paralysed. A.few moments later a strange group entered the cottage— five figures dressed in Federal uniforms, hands and faces white and ghastly, and. two carrying white cavalry sabres. Each one had its finger on its lips, but Perkins was beyond speech. In unspeakable horror he stared vacantly before bun and remained silent and motionless. The ghostly shapes looked at him fixedly for a brief time, then at one another, and solemnly nod led. Next, four took him up and bore aim. out, .the fifth following with the jug. At the door stood an immovably tall form, j Burmbunted bya cavalry hat and Wrapped to. a long army overcoat. .t - / / 4 Lef tenant Scoville ! gasped Peridns. The figure, as if the joints of its back were near ihe gtound, piade a jwrteptqus incltoa-, ticm of assent ctnd then pointed with anofiber white sabre to. the hill, leading the Way . Perkins tried to shout for help, buthis tongoe seemed powerless, as in fact it was, from terror jmm! liquid combined. He felt himself earned striffly and, as he thought, mnely, to Eome terrible doom. . _ t / At last his bearers stopped, and Perkms saw the mounds of the Union dead rising near. He now remembered in a confused way that one more "grave had been dug than li»d proved necessary, and he uttered a low. howl as he felt himself lowered into it. Instantly the tall figure which appeared to direct .everything threatened him with a ghostly sabre, and an utter paralysis of un speakable dread fell upon him. . v , , For a few momenta they all stood around and pointed at him with ghostiywhite fingers, tiran gradually receded until out of sight. After a time Perkins began to get his voice,, when suddenly his tormentors appeared in terrible guise. Each white, ghostly face wa? lighted up as by a tongue of fire ; terrible eyes gleamed from under wide crowned cavalry hats and a voice was heard, in a sepulchral whisper, 4 Nex' time we come fer you, we bury you !' . . At that instant came a flash of lightning, followed by a tremendous clap of thunder. The jaws of the figures dropped, the burning : splinters of light- wood they carried dropping down into the grave, and on' its half lifeless occupant. The ghosts now disappeared: .finally— in fact took to their heels ; all except . Chunk, who secured the jug, nodded thrice portentously at Perkins and then retired also, not a little shaken in his nerves, but sufficiently self- controlled to rally his panic- stricken followers and get them" to remove their disguises before wrapping their heads in blankets. Having removed and hidden all traces of the escapade he hooted for Zany, who had been tremblingly on the watch in spite of her knowledge of what was going on. As she fled with Chunk before the coining storm she gasped between the gusts, 4 1 declar, Chunk, sech doin's gwine ter brung "a judg ment.1 Even Chunk inclined to this view for a time,, as the lightning blazed from sky to earth, and the thunder cracked and roared overhead. The rain poured in such torrents that he feared Perkins might be drowned in the grave where he had been placed. As for Aun' Jinkey, she stared at her unexpected visitors in speechless perplexity and terror until the fury of the tempest had passed and their voices could be heard. (to be continued.) 