THE TRAVELLER. A DAY IN TOKIO. A S.VN I^ILVNCImX) Hamuu:* OI.D C'Ai'fl'.W. or .?A1'AN\ Click, click, tsliuk, go tho wnud-;ii rl-,p> <.u fhu^ny |Ktvcffient, i drift ivi(ii tin hurryiug muhsof people, through il»" gutuwuy iu the optm uir, u'-id liud m\>"if HUndiu^ oii the alone Htcp outside tlx; ToMu Hlutiun. 1 look eagerly tor Siiujini, llio|»rin<;e of//o «//j#t-ruuuerd, juid presently I w-y his well-known top-knot brcuking through the crowd of yi/jrifoVuff-men, who Ktnnd bare legged on this cold winter'*) morning envo lopod/rum the waist up in brilliant Kenrlel blanket*. Ho runs up with an oho;pi (good morning) und bow, mid, giving him rug*, I bundle myself in tho 'rikixha, with toctii chat tering aud my little luicnri (firo box) grasped tightly in my hands. While the Hocond ruuuer in boiag hitched-it to bo u tandem, for im ulUday'a pull-I gaze hesitatingly on iliin city of magmficcnt distances,and try to decide my courtio. It in impossible to do more thim u bit of Tokio a day, And, in order to mive tituo, one must taku ccrtaiu districts, thuK avoiding long btrotchca of riding. Saujiro waits not for the signal, but Utkc.s 11*0 matter iuto own htinda. Knowing my wcakncbH for old porcelain, ho dashes oil iu tho direction of the Naki-dori, more fumiliiiriy kuo^n as 4 Petticoat Lano,' from the nume rous old /'tMO/'o-shopg that line both Hides of tho Burrow street;. What is more intereNting than u street witU its crooked bits ol' architecture and quaint figures?' Tho people aro so light hearted and merry, their life w>frco and oj>cn tb&ionc; is inclined to envy thorn, ho little do they nood iii their simple oxistcnce. What bettor way is there to learu tho life of u people than to livo in the streets, to drift about and study its lights aud shadows F Tokio is in its gala-dross to-day,for with tho morrow COJOCH the new year. In tho days of old Japan, the year began at tho new moon nearest to tho lift]) of February, which is tho Chintvo custom,it being the middle point between the ojo (winter solstice) and shumlmn (wpring ©?juinox) but this ancient way of reckoning tiuica has boon abolinhod by tho govern ment Nothing am be prettier than the now year decoration ; tall, feathery, bamboo stand boforo each door, waving its tall head high above tho gray-roofed houses. A fringe of ooarsc straw-rope, with its many emblema tical signs, is strung along from liouao to house, and hugo red-and-white lanterns bang over each door. * It is like walking through a grove of bamboo, and in the nar row, winding street mere patches of blue sky sre sees. There are myriads of gaily-dressed children playing hagoiia (battledore), a new Sear's game; babies pickaback, with their ttlc hoods rolling about in an extraordinary manner; and dogs cveiywhero-as numerous as tho children, and as active. The cake and candy-shops are filled to overflowing with tnochi-tho great festive cako, a mixture of rioe-flonr and sugar, and consumed in im mense quantities. They revel in it as -w j do in ininoe-pic and turkey, and it is eaten various ways, both cooked and uncooked, sometimes decorated on tho top with beilod lobster, emblematical of long lifo and bappiaoss. I am picking my way through the Naki dori, an olfo-podrida of everything. The curio-shops-though tho entire oontents are moved to the front door-look lens tempting to-day, for they havo a ' picked over' appearance, notwithstanding the uhopkeopcr teela mo that all his curios arc exceedingly r&ro; and two hundred years old. I mako a few good bargains, however, tiion turn my faoo towaid Shiba Park, which I roach after a half-hour1u ride. Wo leavo the noise and hum of tho busy world, piBS through tho Dai Mon {Great Gate), and enter the grand old park, so quiet and peaceful, with iu shadows of the past. In those magnifhunt tombs with temples attached-a>o buried some of tho Shoguusof theTokugana dynasty, which hod for its founder the great warrior, Tv6yjwu, hero of the groatcst battle in Ja panose history. I slip off my shoes and fol low tho shaven f>o:n (priost). I£ow imposing and grand it Is, how bewildering ia thi« gor geous interior with itsmassivo gilding and its arabesque designs, its exquisitely-carved coilings and lacquered floors. Ghost* of post centuries seem to haunt the placo, and tho sunshine from without creeps in and lights up the dark corners, touohing thcrichly-hicquerod pillars, and making them blaze with golden Kght. Tho air is fragrant with tho buruiug of incense, and the whole sccrio redolent of colour and harmony. Leaving this ancestral temple, wo pass a colonnade, rich in wood* carving, and enter the middle court by the 0 Kara Mon, which is in itself a study, ho beautifully carved aro iU wooden pillars, cii circled with the traditional dragon. Hero is tho old belfry boll and innumerable lanterns of bronze, which liavo been given by the nu bility of all rooks. Wo have now roadicwl tho Ni-Jeu Mod (Gate of the Two Heavenly Kings) opening into tho avenuo, and, as there is hardly time to vwit tho other temples, 1 wander through tho park till I come tu the , gate at the other cud of Shiba, whero I find JSaujiro in deep communion with hits tobacco- 1 pouch. Taking tho tiffin basket wc wnlk on, and finally roach two long flight** of Htoue steps. I mount the lens precipitous, the «woman's etops,* and, after a weary climb, I .drop exhausted on the wooden sent of the tea shed. I soon forget my weariuchs in the glorious view before roe. Tokio is n painfully level oity and not particularly attractive, lookinsrdown from auuk an immenKC height. Thote ib a lack of colour, nothing but gray tones, but when tho cyo travels lieyond the limits of tho capital to tho fort# at Shinngawa and tho provinces beyond the bay, tho scene becomes beautiful and simply grand. I eiui follow the coast- line of Bui Nippin (Great Japan) for miles, can count the wpccks of white junks far away on tho blue tsea, and Fojiyoma-can ono ever get out of eight of the grand old mountain ? It men now, with its crest of snow, high above tho llukuiic l Range. ftOiiJid. S)ii' oh wy )»L-r hands iulomv mull', mid witl> this iiiiuu*:ruoUK array h!u' sits il'M\ii uio, and 1 propm. wysrli Jor uh;i* J i»»mw i- ri/jjiijiir. "\Vii-ii luT ) ii Mil mi uiic side and a iimr! lifwiti-liing Muili., Mi" ask* inr my n»;v. lu my rarlv JjtjMjjic.-u i\uyn 1 wwidwl why il ihu liisi ijucMioii ahkod. I Unow now il is t lie politu tliinjf imdroiiMdi- rod ^oud cliijucUt1 iu JiipUHOrif MOriiti iifr. Or/m (tun) in l*rou|j;lit 1110 ol ti Jiglit ^rwii wyyelhnv,' in tiny Mu«'-nnd-wbii<* eup*. au<. whiJo 1 nm muni-hing nwiiv oumy Nanhrh-h* Suujiro is vcnlihitiug hi* theories ;ind giving me tho IjiIoM. Tokio go*-ip, llci* a Wudy, this kuight of the topknot, nud J «m often amused at his ideas of things and people, lu a little skeleh he gave me of bin life one duyf heMtid htf greatly preferred being a mn ner, although lie considered it beneath him. Ho linn roamed abroad as valet and Iuih no* oupicd the responsible position of house-boy hut neither Huita him no veil us the semi Boheniiun life he is now living. His own roaster, frvo and unrestrained, ho finds in it u Hort of fascination. Wo leave the vicinity of Shiba aud speed along to Asokusa. 1 hcq many sights on the way,' for the street-life ou this lust day of the old year in simply bewildering. In the old oiwlle grounds yonder one could easily puns a day, and although the custle palace hah long disappeared, tho castle itself in httln changed * Ni'nec the days of the tfhi^uu lyeinifyii, uvurly throe centurion ago. What can bo lovelier than the sea of lotus that Jill* its broad, deep moats iu summer f Tho oncc Kticrctf region is nowdeyoted to the drilliu^of troops, and tit uM times of the day tho bugle is heard. Most of the nrmy of thirty-five thousand men kept by the government are quartered iu the Tokio garrisons, the rest arc scattered in different provinces of the umpire. Wo turn the la#t comer, umi boloiu us i« Askusa, jw holy and dirty u« any of the old cathedral towns iu Europe. I feu! like a mcniigcrie us I walk down between the littlo buotlia and bear tho clicking of tho hundred clogH, for I know X am followed by the usual mob. Little children toddle <ilong, struggling with the weight of others on their back*; what fun to BOO them flounder oil the pave ment for tho copper (cent*) I thro*' amnug thorn ! 1 «top to scatter beaut* to the pigoous that fly in cloud* about my head, then walk i/p tho Hindis into the great Bud* dhh.t temple of Kwannou, named after the (JhinoHo goddons ol' three thouwmd yearn ugo. Tho legend in that somewhere in the middle ages an exiled rottin, while fishing 111 the Anttkurtd stream, huulod 111 his not a little figure ofKwanuon, which wub enHhrined and worshipped, and from thin eacrcd image grvw the niighty Temple Kwanuon. Immense lanterim-giftH from believers-hang' from the ceiling and liido it from view. Withiu thcHepoaccful cloiutcrfl are people kneeling in prayer or offering their nmuil contribution* of ineonnc to the burning pilo in the big bronze censer. The worshippers pa«s up to the main nltar, throwiug cash iuto the Jiugc oblong box be fore they pray, and occasionally a spit-ball prayer in firod.at the wiro Hereon surrounding the altar. I am amused at ono extremely pious worshipper, who take* an endlcs* time to chew hi* ball, and after all, he mihsen it it dons not stick, hU prayer will not be annworod What amuses mo mosi is an oia una very dirty wooden idol, whiyh fairly glietorm with its greasy polish, tho result ol' constant rub bing. This battered anil worn god, JJindzuin, Aits placid enough ou its pedestal; tho hood in nothing more than a lump of wood, for the eyes, uohg and m )Uth, oven the card have been rubbed away by thin faith-loving people who believe that u little nibbing this 'healer of the uick' can cure them of their ache# and paiun. -One would think from its antique appearance that all this virtue hod departed, l'rom the clouds of tradition I learn that thin old goiwaa a disciple of Buddha, who oa*t him oil for admiring womanV beauty, thua violating his vow of uhafititv. Ir was then that the power of curing all ills was given to him. The pagoda over the way is like oil others I have HOC 11; the carving* which tip tho nides 1 are different in j>ut tho Aolouring Hnd little wind-bella which bwiug from the cor ucih of the motive eaven ere always to bo found on this quuiut tower of Chiucao archi tecture. We buy for a *mt slices of raw po tato aud toss them at a loug row of monkey* that ait blinking in the nun, then jro on through the park, pairing shrinks, InnterjiH, aud other mediaeval relies of the past, each with its littlo hiafcory. The raoimd £ now ap proach-njt fur from the temple-is called lviu- iin-/.au (Hill of the Golden Dragon), in memory of tho mythical monster which is said to have climbed the hill to the very top with a lautera, thus keep vug watch over the Kwutmou Tempi*;. i ho uttcrnoon is (MOMiug, tlio golden light touches mily the highest points, and deeper uwl deeper grow the nhadowK The wene is NO fullvol* life witli the frulickiuy children, 190 full uf history with itn lightn and hbftdows, that I luitc to nay yowl-by. Oneo more I bcttlo inyaelf in the *ril iblttt, and my men, who Hocm sis fresh ;i» when they started, whirl me away toward the Ntatiou. I urn goinj? along at a lively rate, for tho tiino id abort. The hoots und yells of my runners clear the people anide, und footer und faster they run us the station coiner iu siylit. TJjo boll ringa-twizing my rugs, I rush tnu«lly through the ^ate, foliowod by Suujiro with bin arm* full of bundle*, Tho guard open* the eArriugft-door aud I mnuage to atruggle iu, n moment later the locomotive pnll'd, und between the cloud* of *mo)ce I tuUuh a last glimpse of Saujiro'8 top-knot us he stand* bowing a niynnmvi. I weat myself comfort ably on tho cushion* cold and tired, but well pleaRcdwith my day iu Tokio. NkLME llOl'l'S IIOWATtD, In the Anjonaut. 