A CONGRESS OF SPIRITS. During the Exhibition Paris has been the city of congresses and conferences. As naval officers aud the inhabitants of the back blocks generally find that they have important business in Melbourne in the beginning of November, so every faddist in Europe has found an excuse, in the shape of a conference, to visit Paris. As a matter of course, the Spiritualists amongst others have held their congress. This was all the more necessary because the curious phase of irreligious religion which is called Spiritualism has been waning, and, in spite of their consola tions from the denizens of auother world, the " spokes " have been suffering badly from the effects of vulgar, unbelieving ridi cule. It is somewhat difficult, however, to discover what was the exact object of the meeting. An attempt was made to frame a creed or confession of faith, but this led to a serious divergence of opinion in the most important points. There was also an effort to decide the question as to who was the real founder of modern spirituab'Bm, but a fierce dispute at once arose on the subject. A certain Captain Valpi had persuaded a Barcelona Con gress that the real founder was some body named Allan KLabdao, aud the Paris Congress was asked to give the dictum the force of infallibility. But a delegate from New York hotly "op* " posed the proposition" as the " repre tl sentative of 12,000,000 American " spirits." There is something awe inspiring in the very thought. To be the representative of an ordinary constituency is bad enough, hut to be the mouthpiece of twelve millions of the dead, to be con stantly subject to pressure from them, j*> be honoured with their oonfidenoe, to hear their complaints, and to redress their grievances, must be such a terrible juatter that the victim might be excused r joining them aud using his " spiri* tual" enetgies in badgering some other unlucky mortal. It was, perhaps, a pity that the representatives of many other millions of American spirits were not present to urge their objections to Allan Kabdac. The congress treated the twelve millions and their henchman with the greatest disrespect. One might suggest that when such innumerable hosts of spirits were gathered together there should have been no difficulty in learning authorita tively who was the founder of Spiri tualism. The claimants might have been expected to appear and argue their own rights. The congress, however, did not see fit to darken the room and summon the spirit leaders to their counsels, but prosaically resolved to flout the American and give the honours to Allan Kabdac. We sincerely trust that the twelve millions of American spirits will not try to revenge them selves by ruining manifestations and seances. This fear is by no means imaginary, for we learn from the congress that there is very great trouble in keeping the spirits in order. Mr. Everett, who represented the London Spiritual Alliance, which we take to be an offensive and defensive alliance between thiB world and the next, gave a curious experience. A spirit that was writing on his Blate was wantonly interrupted by some narrow-minded Asiatic, and compelled to abandon the work. Fortunately no less a person than Locke, the great English philosopher, stepped into the breach. The delighted Spiritualist went to the British Museum to have the writing compared with that which was known to be written by Locke while he was in the flesh. The decision was against him, but he was answered by a spirit named "John " Watt," who seems to be the theatrical manager of the London Alliance, that Locke had acually written upon the slate. The only difficulty is that he seemed to say nothing that was worthy of publication. Of course, Mr. Everett was delighted, but the incident shows that honest spirits may be rudely inter rupted by malicious Asiatics and such like shadowy gentry. Hence it was Beriously proposed to form a society for defeating "troublesome and obnoxious " spirits" — those, perhaps, of bar barians or politicians. The idea is so pleasing that it should at once have been accepted. A mission to the world of ghosts is the most glorious scheme for projecting humanity into the future that has ever yet been aunouncea. Nothing could be nobler than to anticipate im mortality by reading unruly spirits a lesson in order. What consolation it would be to reflect that, although we may fail to convert Asiatics in this life, we may suppress their wickedness in the spirit world! What comfort it would be to know that the spirit obstruc tionist could be quelled. We can only express our extreme regret that the con gress declined to take up this great and much-needed mission. The attempt to formulate a creed was also noteworthy. The members of the congress were utterly unable to agree upon the proposition that there is a Supreme Being. They could only unite in saying that the " human consciousness exists after death," and even from that their chairmau, who was a pronounced materialist, holding the view that the manifestations are the result of what he vaguely calls a psychic force, vehemently and eloquently dissented. The majority, however, join in offering to the world this precious piece of information. The world unfortunately may liardly realise its value. It is as if a mathema tician were suddenly to inform us that a point can be defined, but that the definition of a line is doubtful; as if engineers were to say that tliey are agreed theoretically regarding the use of steam, but are doubtful as to whether a steam engine can be made ; as if a politician should say that he recognises family tios, but knows not whether families can be welded together into a state. All we learn from the congress, which has now millions of spiritB at its beck and call, is Bimply that death is not the end of life. From such vast sources of information we might have anticipated more. Is it not reasonable to expect that spirits, who repre sent every conceivable training on the earth, who liavesinoe beenjpurged and puri fied,and who were famous in their lifetime for great and massive intellects, would be able to tell us something more of the universe? Might we not expect that Locke would have corrected his philo sophy, and, perhaps, have improved upon the criticism to which he lias been sub jected by the Germans. The result of the congress ib disappointing. The chair man still thinks that Spiritualism is due merely to material forces. The mission to the bad spirits has been declined, and they will seize their opportunity and roam about dark roomB, and write nonsense, and mock at the seekers after truth. They will naturally make the most of their time, and it will be impos sible to put any credence in the so-called manifestations. Nor has the believer in rappings, and shadowy forms, and clammy hands yet found a creed, and he must continue in darkness and uncertainty. But the greatest disappointment is the utter want of revelations from the spirit world. If the congress has proved any thing at all, it is only that after death there is no intellect. 