A Peep into a Parlour. No. II. BY A.G. Two of the hotel guests, this wet Sunday afternoon, are a strangely contrasted pair. They are an elderly gentleman, an American, who has been heard to remark that, though his years number sevonty-six, he has not been to Europe before; and a big overgrown chubby faced boy of sixteen or seventeen, an orpbau, who has been loft by his parents to the oare of thoir ancient friend. There in no blood relation ship between them, and, us far as we can gather, both are without any near kiu. In the fine brow and in the remains of fire in the sunken eyes of the old man, in the courtli ness of his bearing and the courtesy of his speech, one reads of a past intelligence and vigour, of a refinement and dignity, of whioh now but the intermittent ghost remains. The boy calls him "doctor"—doctor 1 of what we all want to know, and are inclined to think of Divinity. To be sixty yoars tho senior of one's com panion has its disadvantages, but the current of life meanders along so feebly iv the doctor that ho does not seem to regard them ; it is but rarely that one hears a tincture of sharpness in the tone of his replies to the boy's demands. The latter is talkative and energetic; tbe doctor is a little hard of hearing, and now and then lethargic Hence, muoh that is not in the first instance intended for the public car falls, at tho second or third repetition, upon that readily audient member. Often the aged man pays little heed to the boy's long rambling stories, though he preserve* the attitude of listening, and murmurs " Yes, yes," or " No, no," as the tone of the boy sterns to demand. Sometimes, when he does opon his generally half-shut eyes—eyes moist with his exoess of years—to respond by a whole sentence, the expostulatory or expl .natory in terruptions that ensue show that he las entirely mistaken the drift of the subject in baud. And when, as sometimes happens, the boy goes out alone, the old man waudors aimlessly aoout the hotel rooms, in by one door and out at the other, as if ho were" looking for some thing, aud hardly himself knew what, seldom speaking to anyone, aud turned aside from hit course by tho slightest impediment, as if it did not much matter to him where he went. When the boy is near he settles down in his chair and listens contentedly, as if the necessity of doing nothing else were to him a relief. On this particular afternoon, while the rain patters on the window, and e»»ui threatens to take possession of half the ocou pants of the room, the two are bending over maps and plans and guide books, and sketching out further sections of their tour; or rather, one is planning, aud the other absenting when an intenogatory pause can no longer be ignored. "And then we get to Paris, jou know, doctor, and I'll show you round, as you came straight through on your way down. I used to live in Paris when I was a child, and I've been there lots of times since." " Yes, yes," mutters the old man. "And you must see Paris go to bed at night and got up in the morning, you know. Everybody does that." " Everybody does what ?" " Goes out to see Paris go to bed at night and get up in the morning." " See who go to bed at night and get up in the morning?" the doctor says querulously. "Paris—the city, you know!"—the boy's voico is high-pithed now. "You go out about 10 at night, and walk about until 6 in the morning. See the city go to bad and get up. you know!" The old gentleman opens his oyes quite wide. "Stay out all night? Is that what you mean?" "Yes; stay out all night. You eoe the people coming out from all sorts of places of amusement, and you walk about, and gradually they all disappear; and then the vegetable carts begin to come in, and daylight comes, and the people begin to get up, you know." The old man. stirs uneasily in his chair. Visions of the discomfort of staying out beyond his usual hoar, of the weariness of tramping up and down the pavement, shut from his Bight the glamour of gaslight and the sparkle of the streets. Some ohord, too, of memory is struck, and he remembers in a dim and liury kind of way that to stay out all night is not exactly tho best way in whioh his dead friends' boy should amuso himself. Ho cannot remember exactly why, but he feels as if he ought to cay something to his charge. In his effort to remember, and to think lucidly, ho forgets that bo is in a public room, and leans forward towards the boy and talks earnestly to him for a few moments. " Really now, doctor, I wouldn't take you anywhere whero you ought not to go. You may believe it or not, but I never go myeolf— never. I'm very particular where I go; I assure you you may trust me. I'll show you Faris, and you shall show mo New York when wo got over on the other side, you know." Bless the dear boy! one would bo very in credulous if one didn't believe him, and if one didn't trust him. His want of knowledge and want of experience is lovely in its freshness, and he hasn't an idea that half tho room are exchanging glances and Brinies with referenco to him and his companion. There is alternately something ludicrous and something pathetic about these strangoly assorted companions. The ono has lived his life, the other has hardly begun to live. The waning interest, the en croaching indifference, ot the elder, and the simplicity and ignoranco of the youuurer, build a bridge aoross the i-ixty years of difference iv agp, along which they march side by side. How lonp wi'l ihis continue ': l^ct. v- l.opo tbut by the tiinu th<! boy, urged by tho vivacity of bis mx-font ot rapid)y-developing; ma iliood, bnginH to find the 'companionship of iho old man a dreg und n weariness, tho latter may have settled into euch a state of apathy as not to observe ir, Now, as the boy subsides into silence, th ear is caught by the current of a story in fnl stream. The speaker, a lean wiry man, hold in his hand a watch : "It was a narrow pass, and just at thi critical moment the horse started. The coach' man dropped the reins and fell off. The guid< tahind was helpless. There were but tw< things for me to do—one was to get hold of th. reins: I tried by every means in my power, but failed. Tho other wa* to take a flying leap on to the horse's baok and clasp my hands ovei his eyos—that I did not try. I saw that w< were going over. How can I protect my head? I thought. My body doe-* not matter, •oat my head—l put up my hands—so—and 1 Smew no more until I found myself in a carriage that bad happened to eomo past and piok me up. The chain wa* snapped—here— you see where it has been mended; the case was empty—a mere shell. My guide—he was a good fellow—went back, and (will you believe it?) he picked up all the pieces. I thought the oase was hopeless, but when I took th fragments to a* watchmaker in Geneva he said there was only one wheel wanting, and that he oould supply. And here it is!—five years ago the accident happened—here it is, a* good a watch as you might wish to see." And with • very complacent smile he replaced it in his pocket and waudert d off in the direction of the «ißoking room. A fresh comer joins the party—a spinster, whoso iron-gray hair hangs behind in the simple ringlets "that were the fashion when she was a girl; whose garments, though of beautiful material, have a cut all their own, and are safe from spot or speck, however muddy the roads on which she walks. Her plain face glows—sho has beon nut in tbe rain and cold, and she carries an English Chnroh Service. "You don't mean to say you've been to that horrid little poky English church again, Miss Golightly r" Tho speaker is a pert miss, who judges from outward appearances only and wholly, but the lady she addresses shows no resentment of her pertuess in her good-natured answer. " You are eiit-rgctio " coutinues another. ** We have exhausted every resource to kill time, and he dies very hard on a day like this." "To kill time? Isn't it a pity to try to do that? Letters to write, books to read, pur chases to assort, plans to make" " We're not all so fond of our duty as that, Mi*s Goligbtiy. A wet Sunday in an hotel is the most deadly dull thing I know " " Well, if you will come with me to my room •nd have a chat while I make some tea" " Thanks, bur. I'm just goinsr to begin my letters." Then, as Mi-s Golightly disappears: "Go to her room! Not if I know it. She might set mo texts tf learn, or expect me to hold tbe toast to the fire. Did you ever see a figure like her—with her curls aud her abort skirt-, and her wearisome aheerf ulness ?" The j girl appeals to the immediate group. "No, I never saw a flg'.re like her—no such luck." The fresh speaker does not often favour tbe company with opinions. ' " Blind as bats we all are not to see more quickly how suoh as Patience Golightly are tbe salt of the earth—the leaven that leavens the whole lump. That woman has come through fifty years of life—of stirring move about life—pure and sweet, whole and clean, sane and sound in judgment, in action, in everything. Whioh of us at her years will be like her?" " I hope I shan't: curls wouldn't suit me!" The pert miss is irrepressible. "Have you ever heard an unkind or critical word from Patience Goligbtly's lips?" resumes her champion. " And it's not because she doesn't see oar foibles, either. That woman sees and takes note of all things; but she does not consider it her business to make a collection of her neighbour*' weaknesses, and so run a chance of catching the disease." "Tell us about, her—who is she? where does the come from ?" "Tell you about her? For you to garble her story, scoff at her self Mcrifios, and tread, in your clumsy blundering, on the sensitive toes of her memory! No, mesdames." "Oh my! Is not Needles sharp to day ? If Miss G 'lightly is the salt of the earth, Needles is surely its hydrochloric acid!" Later on I learn from Needles, an the pert miss has nicknamed her, that Patience Golightly is the last of a large family of consumptive brothers and sisters. Tenderly she, the t-tronvest of them all, nur»ed thorn, one by one, bringing them to soft sunny lands winter after winter, and in the end dosing the eyes of th«m, one by one, until only sho remains. Twenty years ago she peri-ktently refused to marry a man to whom she wss devoted, because in her opinion it is criminal for those who kuow they inherit consumptive or insane tendencies to transmit suoh sure instruments of Buffering to another generation. And the wealth that has fallen to her as her family have died out she uses chiefly for the amelioration of the lot of those afflicted in the same way. She has uot a relative left, but tbe love and tenderness iv her generous nature, finding no outlet iv the ordinary ohannets, overflows and refreshes more or loss all who come into contact wilh her. The majority of those whom she meats never do come into contact with h-r— tbey smile and turn aside when they see her bunch of anti auated curls and her short skirts, and—theirs is le loss. A most interesting political and historical document, thought to have been lost, has, the Rome correspondent of the Laity Nea-s tele graphn, just oomo into tho hands of the Minister for Public Instruction. It is the famous original discourse pronounced the 9th of June, 184S, by tbe lute Count Mamiaui, at that time Prime Minister of Pius IX., on the occasion of the opening of tho Roman Par liament. What makes this document particu larly valuable is that it contains several corrections and notes made in the hand of tlio Popo himself. The existence of this paper had boen froquontly denied, and it had been main tained that the Pope had neither read uor seen it. The Government attsch such importance to it that orders have boeu given to havo soveral photographs taken of it, *o that ouo may be placed among the archives in e*ery public library iv ihu jfiugdotu. 