A ROMANCE: in one act a3® three scenes. Scene I. — 4 How do you like my biscuits- J ohn/ asked a young wife. 4 They are excellent. Delicious in flavour, and as light as your laugh.' 4 Is the meat cooked to 3rour liking ?' I am delighted with. it. You can cook a great deal better than mother/ Scene II. — 4 You are late, John, dear ; it is past twelve o'clock,' said the wife, as she helped her husband off with his overcoat. 4 Yesh, darling, I was — hie — detained at ' 4 Oh, never mind any apologies, dear; I know something important must have detained you, or you would have been home earlier.' Scene III. — 4 1 saw a very handsome bonnet in Felt and Straw's window' to-day, Mary, said a husband as he sat down to supper after re turning from his day's labour. 4 Indeed !' said his wife as she placed the savoury meal before him. 4 Yes, and I thought ft would become your style of beauty.' 4 But, John, dear, I don't need another new bonnet.' 4 Yes, you do. I had it put aside for you. The price is lodol. Here is the money. You can go and look at it. If it suits you, buy it ; if it doesn't suit you, buy one that does at the same price/ 4 Oh, John !' 4 No thanks, dear. You are worthy of it/ Aged Negro — I is gwine on er hundred an' ten years old. Interested Listener : Indeed ? Then probably you can recollect as far back as the first acts of Congress. Aged Negro : Yes, sah. I remember all 'bout de fus' of Congress. I ot ter recollickt it, because I's cut wood wid it when I wus so high. Yes, sah, dat wus afore you wus bawn, sah. You's er nice lookiir gemman, sah, and can't you give de poor old man er nickel? Medium; : The spirit of your husband salutes you. Madam. Spinster (seat, sixty-five) : My husband ? (Giggling.) He, he! Why I 'was never married. Medium : Oh, yes you were. You and your affinity were joined in Spirit marriage. Spinster (seriously) : What a loss of felicity ! Would we had met before he died. The Ghost (solus) : What a happy thing it was for me that I died so young. Farmer Wayback — Putty cold this mawnln', Mariah. Farmer Wayback's Wife — Did ye take a look at the thermometer ? Farmer Wayback — No. I didn't have to. I tuk a look 'cross the fields an' I see Jem Dealing's tongue fastened to the liitchin' post. Farmer Wayback's Wife — Laud sakes Where was Jem? Farmer Wayback — Oh ! Jem was right there with his tongue. She — 4 1 understand that you are one of the praying baseball players, and that you are studying for the ministry. In fact, I am told you have just been ordained.' He— 4 It is true.' 4Are you going to take charge of a parish at once ?' 4 Well, I don't know. I have received a call to a mission church at oOOdol. a year ; also an offer from the Bostons to sigD for 10, OOOdol. a year, and I have been wondering whether I hadn't better devote a few more years to baseball praying before accepting a regular pulpit.' . An austre looking lady walked into a furrier's recently and said to the yellow-headed clerk, 4 1 would like to get a muff. 4 What fur?' demanded the clerk. To keep my hands warm, you simpering idiot !' exclaimed the lady. That precocious Ronckhockie youngster, Stephen Abbey by name, comes to the front again. A few weeks ago a favourite uncle of the lad went away, to be gone for an indefinite time. Stephen thought the proper thing for him to do was to buy him a present, and the object he set his young mind upon was a Bible. 4 He bas more ' than " One" Bible now/ said Stephen's mother. 4 And he'll have another when he getsmine/ wasthe Imperturbablereply. The Bible was purchased, and then it was decided by the boy to write an 4 appropriate' verse of Scripture on the fly deaf . These were the significant words selected and written by Stephen : 4 And ye fathers, provoke not your children to wrath.' Ephesiaos, vi., 4. Stephen's uncle, who is a man of family, was duly impressed. Mr. Smith:- 44 Miss Edith, I love you. Will you mariy me ?" Edith : 44 1 am so sorry, sir, but I am obliged to decline the honour." Mr. Smith (with sudden inspiration): "For heaven's sake, Miss Edith, come away from that window. A storm is coming up. The light ning is beginning to flash, and you are so at tractive, you know." Edith (completely over come) : ".Charlie, dear, you may buy a ring." A lady who was accustomed to solicit for several charitable institutions, the other day met a well-known miser from whom she baa never been able to extract a cent. During the course of the Conversation the lady mentioned she had seen his portrait at the Academy. 44 And you didn't ask it for a subcription ?" queried the miser, who was fond of his joke.. 44 Oh, I thought it useless," calmly replied the lady. 44 the portrait is to thoroughly fike you." Would-be Patron : What is the legal fare for ten blocks?- Cabman: Dunnol If you want ter know anything 'bout law go ter « lawyer, 