Local Topics. Only ono of our local members — Mr. John Nobbs, to -wit— voted in the somewhat sensa tion-environed division that was taken in tho Assembly on Thursday, when Hurley's objec tionable Ministerial Election Bill was being discussed in committee. Mr. Tavlor naired against it. AVo call it an objectionable Bill because (as the Premier accurately says) it sweeps away one of tho privileges of the People. Possibly the most telling thing said to its detriment was the remark, mado by Harold Stephen with the intention of supporting it, to the effect that at present a Premier was often embarrassed in selecting his colleagues owing to the element of uncertainty surrounding the re-election of tho gentlemen he might select. That sort of embarrassment we maintain is healthy, since it minimises the probabilities of the Country getting a Cabinet composed of absolute political uonontities. Should Mr. Hurley's Bill become law it will doubtless be a boon — for the nonentities, as well as for the gently of l\ic/uei»g-lwo-ieays persuasion. Thero is nothing like eoop-eraiiim say tho P. Poultry Club-men, who are now, by its means, under no necessity of kootooing to the whims of Gaffer Gray und Co. Tho P. P. C, which stands, you know, for pour preuilrc conij'e as well as I'arramulta 1'oullry Glub) may be said to kaec taken k«ce of the day of small things, and to have reached that of big ones. Their Juno Show promises to be ono of thu big 'draws' of tho winter season. So moto it bo! V 'Whilst the nowly-consecriitod Bishop Dawcs was holding ii confirmation service the other day in tho Hunter River district somebody prigged his Gladstone bag. This uuoanonical act of laying on of hands (to episcopal property) was parlous near sm-'-rilege. V Tho Daily Telegraph, in a recent amusing article on tho question of titles of honor, observed inter ulia :— 'The Prince of Wnlcs, should he come hero, would have to leave all liis royal highness and mightiness in bond at the Custom House and submit to the designation at the best of ' Albert Edward G-uclph, Esq.' ' Wo would remind our metropolitan contempo rary (oil tho authority of Theodoro Martin) that Oiiflph is nut Albert Edward's putrouymio. llreltin is tho family name of tho House of Saxony, of which house, as all tho world knows, the lato Prince Consort of England was a scion. Perhaps this little story from Labby's Truth contains a moral for municipal candi- dates out Dundas way: — ' How will a mem- ber of Parliament quickest get a reputation for character? ' someone asked Labby. My dear sir,' he replied, 'nothing is easier. Always ' hum ' and ' haw ' and ' er ; ' always take a long time in choosing your words, and always choose the wrong ones. You will be put down immediately as the possessor of 'sterling moral worth' aud 'rugged honesty.'' The following paragraph which wo com mond to the special attention of our local Ms.P., occurs in tho report of tho Inspector Goneral of tho Insane for tho year 1888 : — 'Tho Colonial Secretary soon after visited theso buildings, and approved of their removal, and of tho plans and estimates to'replaco thorn, which were prepared more than two years ago by tho Colonial Architect. Political exigen oics have, however, delayed tho appropriation of tho amount required, and tho buildings still remain a discredit to tho Department, a per petual eyesore to the medical officers, a stand ing difficulty to tho management, and a danger to the patients. Unless speedily removed, some of them will inevitably collapse and fall.' The t«r«» 'political exigencies' in (ho above sentence is apparently an official euphemism for political /wwnut- lu-ilu-it-ism. Speaking from a not particularly happy ex perience, we aro convinced that u burner does not mako a good accompanist to ono who ren ders tho Grcijvriait chant, tho conjoint effect bciug much too pizzicato. Although ' Youoy ' Iovqs his I'arrumatta, and in the past has rendered her not a few services, yet he never allows his regard for tho Borough to stand in the way cf his giving full swing to mischievous partisaury. To serve some factious political end ho will go any lengths — texte, his recout quite fouudationloss assertion that tho Purramutta Steamship and Tramway Co. contemplated giving up local biz. — not to' mention his wildly inaccurate screeching about tho Borough] being 'phoney combed ' with typhoid. As will bo seen in another paragraph in another part of this paper, tho aforesaid Co. haven't tho ghost of tin idea of taking up their tramway aud stop ping the running of their steamors, but, on the contrary, mean striving more than ovor to get und to doservo Parramatta patronage A straight line from Westmcad to Dural about divides into equal halves, both as regards area undjpopulution, the fruit-growing district that lies north of the Great Western line; whereas a lino from R sehill to Dural divides the said district very unequally. This is a fact against which Mr. Neil Harper should not es say to run the sinciput, occiput and vertex of his impulsive cranium. Dundas municipal electors who before their district was incorporated were petitioners pro- should not on that account put a black mark against capable candidates who, were petition- ers contra ; neither should electors who were petitioners contra, on that account, go for to ' pill ' capable candidates who were petitioners pro. No, sirs, to cherish any ill-feeling that may have arisen out of the struggle for incor- poration at this time of day is just about as senseless a proceeding as though one were to go around snivelling for the British defeat at Fontenoy. Those Duudas municipal candidates who said the least were by no means the worst of the bunch. Brevity is not the soul of wit alone; it's the soul of biz, as well. In a municipal council there is no such unmigitated bore as the preventer and irritator, the long-winded ass who is enamoured of his own loquacity. We believe Mr. Fullford's municipal experi- ence to be considerable ; but if he continues to blow so much about it, plain people, who don't regard self- praise as the most satisfactory recommendation will begin to think it's experi- ence of the John Boothian brand, lengthy but useless. Lecturer-general Ritchie was in great form at the last meeting of the Parramatta Borough Council, going for the licames in others' eye deas with the air of a man who hadn't so much as half a mote in his own. If R.A.R. were a little less hypercritical he'd be a lot moro use ful. Should Granville be included in tho Western suburbs sewage system, and Parramatta not be, then it would be ve ry dog-in-the-manger-like for the former to op^joso the latter's endeavour to gel those Elizabeth Farm acres for a sewago farm : and should neither Grauville nor Par ramatta bo included in tho said scheme, why then the best thing they could do would be to co operate in maintaining one sewage farm as the recipient of their respective local drainage systems. Mr. Alderman Ritchie, M.P., is quite right when lie says that sewago farms, properly designed aud worked, (ire not nuisan ces, but quite the reverse. When a fruitgrower is going his round on the look out for the fruit-pilferer his vailc-meciim should bo u handy fowling-piece loaded witli rock salt. ' Tis a tool that equalises conditions when the pilferer is lithe aud spry and the grower u trifle stout. So the Privy Council have endorsed] the idea taken by the jury in the caso which Bailey successfully brought against Jeanneret, for damages for tho injuries sustained by him in a collision that occurred just two years ago on tho Parramatta tramway. Had the Privy Council decided other than they did| they would have acted most inequitably. Laymen who know nothing about Law, can see that right ouough. We hold with Mr. Speaker thut members have a perfect right to criticise judicial action evon on motions for adjournment; but, at the same JJtimo, opino that they ought to exercise that right with tho greatest discrimination. Now, unfortunately, Chanter wasn't present when discrimination was being served out. The Borough Treasurer's Financial state ment is satisfactory, in that it establishes the credit of tho Corporation beyond doubt. At tho same timo things aro mudo to look too rosy by including among tho assets such items ns Alfrod Park and Belmoro Park — properties that in no sense can bo said to bo realisable assets since wo are confident tho consent of tho public could never be obtained to any proposal either to alienate them or convert them into building allotments, The progressive increase- of Parramatta's municipaljincomc is noteworthy. It was under .£9000 for tho year '81-85 and over £12,000 for '89-90. That may not bo quite equivalent to ' going it by leaps and bounds,' |but it meuns steady forging ahead, nevertheless. *. * How is it that though Granville is not sup plied with water from tho Huut's Creek .Reservoir, and cannot boast of any Death's Hole or other crimson luxury of tho kind, thero should bo quite as much typhoid simmering within her borders as thero is in Parramatta. Wo don't say there's un abnormal amount thero, only that, proportionately to population, Granvillo has as many typhoid cases in her midst as tho elder Borough has in hor's. Titmouse's organ wants to know, you know, whether tho deliberations of the recent Fruit-growers' Conference are to vanish into thin air. Singular that said organ should be in ignorance on such a point, when it has been making tho lieges beliovo that a verbatim report of those deliberations, etc., was in Us press, ready for publication. Dr. Johnson's suggestion that tho Anglican Diocese of Sydney should give up tho Primacy will not, wo imagine, generally commend itself to Sydnoyites. Might as well ask them to con sent to surrender their beautiful Harbour to tho Cabbage Gardeners ! Pity that Granville and Parramatta can't agree as to tho locus in quo for a bridge ovor Clay Cliff Crook. They should draw lots for choico of site — for the creok wants bridgiug somewhere, anyway. Never was a mire striking example of the iwxl hoc ergo profiler hoc argument (i.e. tho fool's argument of assuming cause and offect where thero is only sequence) thun tho Eccning Xciez\i 'significant fact of Mr. Commissioner Bennett having been ' struck down by sickness immediately after his official inspection of tho deadly nuisance at the head of Parramatta river. ' ' The just issued return anent tho official sal aries paid by tho Borough of Parramatta is Ja misleading one. Mr. Love' s ' screw ' is cor tainly something over £154 'all told,' yet that is tho figure given in the said return. A supplementary return is needed. Mr. Alderman Ritchie was very anxious to got that return — at least so ho would have hud peoplo think, yet when it was tabled ho dis played the most perfect indifference with re gard to it. Strange — and it so open to criti cism, and he, usually, so ready to criticise ! If the Westinend Cemo'ory site is to be utilised us a place of burial we trust that efforts will be madu to plant it and otherwise beautify it. 'he forlorn uncared-for state of too many New South Wules cemeteries is discreditable to tho community. Whether Mayor Unwin meant that epistle wMch heindicted to Ritchie as sarkasm ornot, he did a most foolish thing in despatching it, as he must surely uow feol when he sees tho whole community a-sniggering at his duplettor ioity. As for the letter he sent the Colonial Secretary, it was a gorgeously, Dan0'Con noresque affair with its 'deep concern' and ' extremo alarm,' its 'discourteous because ' this, and its ' unwarrantable because ' that. When tho new addition of The Complete Letter Writer is being prepared that epistle should not be forgotton, since it would stand well as typo of a communication from an indignant Mayor to the Ministerial head of a Department. *. * Some of tho single taxmen aro mighty in consistent, since not content with proposing to tax one's land, they go in so audaciously for taxing one's patience — with reams on reams of reiterated arguments. They should remember that enough is as good as a feast. Considering tho energetic way in which the ladies are working to make tho Parramatta School of Arts Fancy Fair a success, wo think that it would have been better had the Com mittee determined upon asking Lady Carriug ton to open tho Show. Any way, wo hope the Governor will bring his wife along with him, should he accept the Brodie-proposed invita tion. We cordially endorse tho action of Alder men Ferris, Dellow, Ritchie, Brodio, Dixon and Drew, in opposing the monstrous pro posal of the Water Committee to supply the Rosehill Bowling Club with water gratuit ously. ' *** We would remind that fretful porcupine of debate, John Booth to wit, that qui facil per aliiim /licit per se, which freely rendered means that the Muyor may be held to have read any document, the written words whereof the Council Treasurer or the Council Clerk has at his request, uttered aloud to a municipal gathering . 