MISCELLANEOUS. The London postal districts contain nearly 40,000 streets. Two months with hard labor in Redruth Gaol. Weeping Rachel 1 Denmark exported last year 45,000,000 pounds of butter. Thirteen railways have their termini in London. On December 1 last there were 97,743 paupers in London. ?' Yorkie' did the trick at Balaklava with Black Prince. Good ! Recently £24,000 was offered for Stuart the great French racehorse. Last week's run at the big mine, Broken Hill, yielded 96,850 oz. of silver. Quartz just has been found in Wales which contains 6 oz. of gold to the ton. In the intercolonial half-mile swimming conteBt at Gleneleg A. T. Kenney, of Vic toria, won easily. Underground forts have now come into use in Belgium as a means of national de fence. No bird can fly backwards without turn ing. The dragon-fly can do this and can outstrip the swallow in speed. A train on the Hudson River and New York Central Railway recently ran 426 miles in 447 minutes. A wide-spread ecare has aet in the share market. Apparent cause — The pinching of the lode in the main shaft of the Junction Mine at the 300-feet level. The Committee of the Balaklava Racing Club should see that the hurdles are put up properly in future, or the race next time might be termed a hurdle- flat race. Skylark, a Clare horse, had to be content with third place in the Steeplechase at the V.A.T.C. raceB, Melbourne, on Saturday last. The Hon. T. Playford is not going to re sign his eeat in Parliament at the request of his Oarrieton constituents. What simplicity those Carrieton people must possess ! A three-year-old child, eon of Mr. A. J. Woodman, of Gawler, haB lost hie life by his clothes catching fire, the result of play ing with matches. A mining reporter says that the Junction Mine is a really good property. We hope it ia. Not for our own sake, but for the Bake of our friends. A kerosine lamp exploded the other evening in Mr. Griffin's shop at Hamley Bridge, but the fire was extinguished before much damage was done. South America possesses the first sub marine telephone, a line having been laid between Buenos Ayres and Monte Video. It works very satisfactorily. Last week'e run at Block 14 Mine was as follows: — Ore treated, 350 tons; bullion, 63 tons, containing 10,239 oz. of silver — an average of over 29J oz. per ton. Captain A. C. P. Haggard, a brother of the author of ' She,' is about to appear as novelist also. He is a British officer sta tioned at Meerut, and has already published divers diaries of military expeditions. A fire recently occurred on the property of Mrs. Rankine, near Strathalbyn, when the outhouses, two stacks of hay, and farm implements were destroyed, the damage done amounting to £300. Those interested are anxious to know whether we are going to publish their names in connection with the Police Court case heard in Clare on Friday last. Their burn ing curiosity is now appeased, and they can breathe freely. fans cabmen win nave to pass an exami nation in future before they can obtain their licenses. They will have to show their skill in harnessing a wooden horse, their know ledge of Parisian geography, and their ability to repair a broken cab. Mr. W. A. Horn, M.P., has promised to supply over 600 bogs of seed-wheat to his constituents at Franklin Harbor, and trust to their honesty to repay him. Who will be the next M.P., to follow Mr. Horn's ex ample ? It is reported (says the Wallaroo paper) that a bookmaker at Sno wtown took his oath on the ghost of his grandmother, that he saw the winner of the hurdles take every jump. The old lady's ghost may have been equal to such a feat, but no ordinary specta tor was. It is generally known in a vague way that old men lose a little in height. Quetelet, who studied the matter closely, calculated that the shortening began at 50, and that if a man lived till he was 90 he would be an inch and a half shorter than when in his prime. A London correspondent reported a very remarkable occurrence in Oxford street re cently. A man over-balanced himself and fell from the box seat of an omnibus. In his descent he turned a complete somersault, but he landed on his feet and almost suc ceeded in maintaining bis equilibrium. He was not hurt in the slightest degree, and walked off whistling, as if his experience was an every- day occurrence. This is what a man named James A. Wilfer, lately wrote about the Chinese question, and it was published in an Ameri can journal : — ' Sir — I am no advocate for dragging religion into politics, but I should like to know whether you, as a well-read man, believe if Christ lived in America now he would be in favor of excluding the Chinese from this country ?' The editor declined to answer the question. ThuBR contemporary :— At the County Councils elections that have just taken place under the new Local Government Bill, for the County of Middlesex, the candidates returned for the City Division were Lord Rosebery and Lady Sandhurst, Sir John Lubbock and MisB Cobden. The legality of the ladies' elections is questioned, but it is a sign that lovely women is coming to the front when we find her curls shining at the top of the polls. All along the railway line from Cockburn to Petersburg traces of the recent second heavy downpour of rain are visible. Especially is this the case in the neighbor hood of Oodlawirra, where, on the left hand side as the passenger proceeds towards the Sooth Australian capital, is to be seen an immense body of water. Some idea of the extent of this may be obtained from the knowledge that when tbe train passed this spot on Thursday morning, February 7, waveB fully two feet in height were rolling in. Fences are, of course, submerged, and the length of this temporary inland lake at the most distant points cannot be less than a mile and a half. — Barrier Miner. A ploughman living near Edinburgh, on getting a holiday, went to see the sights of the city, and, amongst other places, paid a visit to the Calton Hill Observatory to get a sight of the moon. After having a glance he drew away his head to wipe his eyes, and in the interval the end of the telescope dropped, so that instead of pointing to the heavens it pointed to the earth. His sur prise was great when he again looked through and beheld the sign of a public house at a short distance, with the customary announcements — ' Edinburgh ale,' &c.; He started back, exclaiming : ' ' Enbro, yull' in the mune ! Gosh, but that beats all.' A story of a temperance medal (savs a contemporary) reaches us from Queensland of curious and sinister suggestivenese. The The medal was found in the interior of a crocodile, and tbe crocodile itself was caught in the Daintree River, Queensland. The medal bears the name of A. D. Edwards, is of the sort issued by temper ance societies established by the Rev. Father Matthew, and bears the date of 1880\. The local inquiries which have been made do not seem to show that any person of that name is missing in the neighborhood, and we still cling to the hope that the cro codile became possessed of the medal in a more innocent way than by swallowing the owner. An English sailor was recently employed in cleaning the side of a ship in the harbor of Sierra Leone, when he suddenly dis appeared from the view of his astonished messmates. He had his feet in the water as he sat at his work, and he was singing a song. He never came to the surface. His friends were far from suspecting tbe cbubc of his disappearance until a day or two after, when one of his limbs were discharged from the maw of a captured shark. The shark had causht him by the foot and dragged him down, and as there was too much reason to believe had waged a fierce fight over his remains with a swarm of other monsters of the same species. No single circumstance of horror seems want ing to the story of this poor fellow's doom. There died at Lythe, near Whitby, re cently, a child with two heads. It was born three weeks or a month previously, and up to a day or two before its death showed normal vitality. The two heads were fully and naturally developed, having all necessary organs. The heads were eet on two separate necks, well formed, on one pair of shoulders. It had two stomachs, which merged into one body, which had one pair of arms and a pair of legs. It was of the male sex. Apparently there were two separate existences, for while, as the mother described, and as actually witnessed by our {Glasgow Mail) Whitby representa tive, 'one head slept peacefully, another was awake.' They (or it) took food separately. The voices, though differently pitched, were harmonious. The Arizona Kicker man wishes to ' on load' 'some valuable mining shares which he has been presented with, and makes the fol lowing offer to his readers : — ' The editor of this paper haB $400 worth of shares in the Spotted Bull Silver-Mining Company which he will sell cheap for cash or trade for an all- wool undershirt. These shares were presented us with the understanding tbat we should help rope in Eastern suckers. Either the rope is out of order or suckers are scarce. The stock has gone down to two cents on the dollar, and we propose to unload before another assessment is made. We said an all-wool undershirt, but we are not going to be too particular about it. If it's half cotton, minus the buttons or flaps, or is ripped up the back, we shall probably make the exchange. Don't hesitate be cauBe you may have been told that we are proud and haughty. We know when to come down off the top rail.' An incident of an amusing nature (says the Scotsman of January 2), arising from over-indulgence at this festive season, was brought under notice of the Edinburgh police yesterday. A young man called at the uentral Uffice, ana asked tne omcers it they had seen anything of an ulster and a suit of clothes belonging to him. Unable to answer such a vague question, they in quired for further particulars, and were then informed that the applicant had imbibed too freely the previous night, and having lost his bearings had wandered into a garden in the neighborhood of Abbeyhill. Here he divested himself of his clothing, under the impression that he was in his own house, and fell asleep. He was discovered in the morning by one of the residents, who took compaesion on hie miserable plight, and gave him sufficient clothing to enable him to leave the house in search of his own. His nether garment, found in the garden, was, however, all that the police were able to restore, the supposition being that he had been removing his clothing by irstal ments, and that the remainder bad fallen into other hands. There is a lady in Paris who is married to a deputy, and whose beauty is so be witching that she has completely turned the head of a young doctor. Some time ago he actually went to the residence of the deputy and aBked that gentleman to hand his lovely wife over to him, as it was im possible for him to live outside the radius of her smiles. The astounded husband wavered between two resolutions — should he kick the impudent Galen into the street or send for a policeman end have him locked up? He decided for the latter, and the suitor was eventually bound over to keep from the forbidden fruit. Subsequently, however, the lady whs walking along the Boulevard Haueemanti when her annoyer suddenly appeared by her side, and, placing his hands on his heart in the approved style of the operatic tenor, be poured forth an impassioned improvisation about the charms of his inamorata. The lady shrieked, but did not faint. A policeman came up, and tbe medical troubador was marched off to tbe most adjacent station. He was liberated from custody after a solemn warning not to repeat his pranks. 