THE ADELAIDE OVAL. VICTORIA V. SOUTH AUSTRALIA. fiBst Day—Friday, December 13. Judging by tfae attendance on Fnday the public are not much interested in the reiult of tbe thirteenth Intercolonial Cricket Uatoh now being played on the Adelaide OvaLi Had the game been football instead of erioket there would have been ten times the nbmber on the ground that there were yesterday. ■ Up to date twelve matches have been played between the two colonies, and Beven of these have been won by Viotoria, i The two teams now playing are' the strongest which have ever represented the two colonies againBt eaoh other, although the Victorian team could be improved by the inclusion of Bruce, Edwards, and Horan. Early in the week it was feared that Trott and J. Barrett, two of the beet men in Viatoria, could not come over, but 'both managed to get away, and now for the, first time in these matches the Victorian team as originally selected is in the field. Although it ia questionable whether the South! Aus tralian Eleven is absolutely the strongest that oould be put into the field, it is nndonbtedly the finest combination which has ever represented the colony. So far look has favoured tbe visitors. Black ham beat Giffen for eboice of innings, and won the right to bat first. The wioket was a really good one, and if it wears as well aa wiokets need to do on the Adelaide Oval, the local men must still have a great ohanoe, but the turf ia not aa laeting as it was last season, and it is feared that Giffen ft Co. will bo heavily handiaapped by having to bat on a crumbling pltoh. The play on Friday was not calculated to cause tbe onlookers to become enthusiastic, Moat of the; Vio to: -ana stuck to tbe slow and sure game, J. B*<rett especially reminding one very eti'ingly of Sootton. The orowd got! very sic it of him, and were mnoh relieved when he left, bnt all the same he did no, end of service for his side. Trott played well for hie 36, and Bleckham batted freely, bnt he had a deal of luck, ! The prettiest form of the day was shown by Morris while compiling his 50, and Drysdale made eome fine hits during his long stay at the wiokets. The fielding of the Sonth Australians was far from good, a number of chances being missed. Jarvis was a long way below his usual form at the wickets, and none of the others can be pioked oat bb having done really well. G. Giffen bowled nearly all the afternoon, but bad no luck, a number of ohanoea being missed off his bowling. Lyons, who began with his captain, bowled really well for a time, but fieedman was most successful, his 2 wickets only cost ing 21 runs. Second Day—Saturday, December 14. Whatever be the resnlt of tbe cricket matoh now in progress between Victorian and Sonth Australian representatives, neither side will be able to look back to it with com plete satisfaction. After Friday's play the Sonth Australians felt that Dame Fortune had treated them harshly beoanse Drysdale was given two innings, and the bail would not leave Morris'e wicket when a ball from Giffen bit it. On Saturday afternoon a most unfortunate contretemps ocourred, whioh seriously affected tbe Viotorians' chance of winning. In every respeot the weather wbb suitable for orioket. The thunder-olonds ■ which overoast the heavenB in the morning | had rolled away and a genial sun ehone, while a cool aonth breeze blew all tbe after noon. Tbe attendanoe was not as large as was anticipated, only about 2,600 people being present. On Satnrday afternoon the PavilionB were well patronised, a large pro portion being of the fair sex! At about 4 o'olook His Excellency the Earl of Kintore, the Countess of Kintore, the Lady Hilda Keith- Falconer, Captain Anstrntber-Thom eon, Sir Henry Wrenfordsley, and the: Hon. J. C, Bray (Speaker of the Honse of As sembly) came down, and until the conolnsion of the play oconpied the vloeregal box. The Military Band rendered popular airs from tbe monnd in front of the Pavilion daring the afternoon. In memory of Henry Searle, the lamented ohampion sculler, whose mortal remains were being consigned to their long resting-plaoe, all tbe flags on the Pavilions were half-masted, and all players in the field wore bands of crape on tbe left arm. From a orloketing point of view the play was deoidedly interesting. Some first-olasB batting was shown, and a point was raised wbich will puzzle tbe authorities. , The wicket had worn -remarkably well on Friday. There were one or two "spots," bnt fortunately they were not in very dangerous positions. Of the three re maining Viotorian batsmen the dashing Lewis alone did mnoh, and he was rather fortnnate. The long innings closed for 320. Beedman came ont with the remarkably fiae bowling average of 5 for EC, while the oraok Giffen had to oontent himself with 1 for 108, , which is about tbe worst figures he has ever had in a big match. In a measure the South Australian batting was disappointing. Jarvis, Wigley, and Blinman did not fulfil expecta tions. Halftone,on the other hand, falsified this sesson'a elub form by playing a splendid innings for 70. Until be had paBBSd the half-centuiy he did not make the ghost of a mistake. He played with consummate judg ment, and his outting was equal to any thing we have seen einoe Peroy McDonnell's two historical innings in 1884. Towards the end of his innings fialdane became rather im patient, and In his desire to score made two or thiee bad strokes. His innings stamps him as a batsman of the first order. Giffen, who made the highest soore, batted as he alone in South Australia can- bat when his side seems to be in extremis. Almost every ball met with the treatment it deserved, and he made some fine carpet drives. Lyons played a hitting innings, bnt he was not in his best form. In strong oontiastio tbe South Australians the Vio rorians fielded with remarkable brilliancy. The only bad mistake was made by Phillips, bnt on tbe other hand Blaokham at ,mid-off and Drysdale and Morris at oover fre quently earned applanse by their brilliant efforts. Trnmble and Mo Lend were the moat successful bowlers, their wiokets costing 3 for 74 and 2 for 48 respectively. The dispute, which may resnlt in the Sonth Australians losing the game even if they win on the runs, occurred when the total was 50. George Giffen, who had then made only 9, received a fast ball from Trnmble, whioh hit him ob tbe leg. Trnmble made an appeal for l.b.w., which was promptly disallowed by Fisher. After tbe ball 8trnck him Giffen fell with his feet toward the wioket, wbicb, aooording to the Victorians, he broke, a bail falling off. An appeal was made to Flynn, tbe umpire at the striker's end for hit wicket. Flynn said "out," bat to the astonishment of the Victorians Giffen refused to go ont. Asked his reason, he said be had I been given not ont by Fisher in connection with that particular stroke, and therefore weald notgo oat on Flynn'a deoliion. Blaok ham, tbe Victorian skipper, obtained a copy of the laws of orioket &a; revised by: the M.C.C.,;and pointed ont Law 47, whioh hays, " lie umpire at the bowler'e wloket shall be appealed to before the other umpire it all oasee except in those of stumping, Ait wicket, run ont at the striker's wicket, &o.;" Accord ing to the rn>e, therefore, Flvnn bad a! per feet right to give a deoblon. Here, however, Giffen% version of the affair differs materially from that of Blackham. He says he had got np from the groand and had walked a way from the wioket when a player notloed that the baU was off, and caused an appeal to be made to Flynn. Giffen oontends that the wind may nave shifted the bail (as a matter of faot the strong wind blew off tbe bails several I times during the afternoon), and that as the appeal was not made immediately he fell the ball was dead, and the appeal was made too late. Therefore he absolutely refused ito go out. The Viotorians on the other hand assert that Lewis appealed to Flynn as. soon ss Giffen fell, but Fisher again supports Giffen's contention, Blackham seriously contemplated not going on with: the game, bnt after consultation with his comrades and the Manager, Mr. Grejg, it ! was decided for the sake of the public, and to save future friotion, whioh could do no good to the cause of the grand old game, to play on under protest, A formal proteBt was sent to the S.A. Crioketiog Association by Mr, Greig, and the point in dispute will bs forwarded to the Marylebone Club. . The pith of tbe case, as submitted in the letter, whioh will probably go by to-day's mail, Is that the batsman refused to go oat when adjadged out according to Law 47, and the Victorians claim the match. Giffen will of conrse send his version of the affair to the dab whioh makes the Lws that rule orioket throughout the world. If the protest is up held Viotoria will presumably win in any case. Thibd Day—Monday, December Is. Nice cool weather favoured the third day of the intercolonial orioket match, bnt the attendance was only moderate. The. play all through was very interesting, and as matters stand now it is anybody's game: The i wioket is still playing well, and may last throngh the match withont wearing, i The last lour wiokets on the South Australian side raised the Boore from 235 to 282, or 38 | below tbe Victorian total. Trumble got the last four wickets, and came out with a very creditable average of 7 wickets for 89 runs. The Victorian fielding was good all through. Tbe visitors made a bad start in their seconds, as Giffen bowled Mollwralth and A. E. Barrett with great promptitude. Then Trott and J, Barrett made a good stand, and, thanks to a deal of luck, Blackham succeeded in knookiug up 20\. Trott was not disposed of until he had made 72. He played a fine innings, and did not give a obance. Morris did not show to advantage, although he made tons, and had it not been for Trott'e splendid performance the Viotorians would have had a very bad time. G. Giffen bowled in his beet form, but aB usual he was unlucky in having a chance or two missed. Keedman, Lyons, and JarvU took turns at the other end, the former bowling very well considering that be had to aot against the wind, There was a deoided improvement in the fielding, JarvU at the wickets doing much better than in the first innings. Fourth Day—Tuesday, Dkoeubeb 17. South Australians can hardly be satisfied with tbe reenlt of the thirteenth match with Viotoria. From the losing of the toss, which sent them into tbe field on a scorching hot day, they had all the worst of the look, and after all only lost by 18 runs. Tbe game took all Tuesday afternoon to finish. Thewoather was delightful, but the wioket had worn so mnoh that the bowlers were given a great advantage. Vet the Viotoriana put on 45 runs, and set tbe South Australians 2S0 to win. ThU would be a great task oa the best of wiokets, but on suah a wioket as the looal men had to bat on the odds were against - the runs being made. Lyons, however, hit mag nificently, while other first-olass batsmen were nnable to look at Trumble's fast balls and made tbe finish interest ing. Before Lyons made 30 he was twice mUsed in snooessive overs, but otherwise not a chance oonld be urged akainst him, although be made one_ or two mishits. Tlia oharaoteristio leg-bitting was .of the finest description, two balls being dispatched in the direction of square-leg right over the chains. He also made some magnificent straight drives. The score was made up of 2 fives, 17 fours, 6 threes, and half a idozen twos. It is the third highest individual soore made in the series of matches between, the two colonies, Giffen alone having beaten it with 166 in 1887-88, and 135 in lastly ear'a match. Moreover, this 134 Is the highest I soore Lyons has made in first-olass orioket, and taken in conjunction with other fide per formances sinoe his return from Edgland stamps him as one of the best of Australia's batsmen. It is worthy of note that in tbe seven innings Lyons has played on the Ade laide Oval since the Australian Eleven dis banded be has made 616 runs, in cluding three centuries. George Giffen went oheapiy, and so did Blinman; bnt tbe latter, thongh he was unwell, stayed for a long while with Lyons at a oritical juncture. The same may be said of young Jarvis, who made a creditable essay in a big matoh. Be made some bad strokes, but on the other hand be efieoted.some really good ones, especially on the off. Parkin also played a useful innings. Trumble bowled ■ splendidly, and if Lyons had been ont of the way would have come out with a remark able average. The fielding was not so accurate as on Satnrday, Blackham and I Drysdale being about tbe only two who maintained their reputations, Daring luncheon Sir Edwin Smith, who sat at the head of the table, remarked that it was the last time the Sooth Australians would meet tbe Viotorians at lunoh In 1889, and he pro posed the healths of tbe visitors, coupled with tbe name of Blackham, the Captain. Blaokham responded, and in torn gave " The Sonth Australians," coupled with the name of George Giffen, to whioh Phillips in the letter's absenoe replied. Esoh toast was accorded musioal honours. Of the thirteen matches now played between the two colo nies Viotoria has won 8 and Sonth Aus tralia 5, as shown in tbe following table No. Pate. 1* Nov., 1874 2* Feb., 1876 8.. Nov., 1880 4 Apt, 1881 6.. Mar., 1882 6.. Mar., 1888 7.. Feb., 1884 8.. Jan., 188G 9 Mar., 188b 10 Feb., 1887 il Feb., 1888 ia.. Dec., 1888 IS. Dec., 188s Where I Winning Won by Adelaide [Adelaide Melbo'mej [Adelaide Adelaide Melbo'me] Adelaide Melbo'mej Adelaide Melbo'roel Adelaide Melbo'roel 'Adelaide Victoria S.A. .. Victoria Victoria S.A. .. Victoria Victoria S.A. - S.A. .. Victoria S.A. .. Victoria Victoria IB runs. Una. and 70 ms. 7 wickets. 161 runs. 32 runs. I ins. and 98 rna. |4 wleketi. 58 rum. 140 rum. 144 runs. I Ins. and 118 rs. 16 runs. 18 runs. * On each of tbe«e occasions a Victorian Eleven played a South Australian Eighteen, The following we the scores Victoria, First Innings. E. A. Barrett, o, and b. Lyons 3 J. hi oil wraith, o, Beedman, b. Giffjn ... 8 H. Trott, Lb.w., b. Lyons 36 J, E. Barrett, b. Parkin 41 J. MoC. Blaokham, b.Reedm&n; 48 J. Drysdale, o. and b. Haldane 66 8\. Morris, e, Haldane, b. Beedman ... HO J, Harry, b. Beedman 28 P. Lewis, at. Jarvis, b, Beedman 24 B. MoLeod, not oat 1 H. Trnmble, o. Phillips, b. Beedman ... 4 Byes 5, leg-byes 5, no ball 1 11 Total 320 BOWLING ANALYSIS. Balls, Mdna, Bnns.Wckts, Lyons ... G. Giffen Beedman Parkin ... F. Jarvis Phillips... Haldane... Giffen bowled 1 no ball. Second Innings. J. MoIIwraitb, b. Giffen 0 E. A. Barrett, b. Giffen 3 H. Trott, b. Giffen 72 ,T, E. Barrett, ci A. H. Jarvis, b. Giffen... 27 J, McC. Blaokham, o. and b. Lyons ... 20 J. Drysdale, o. A. H. Jarvis, b. Beedman 9 S. MorriB, o. Phillips, b. Giffen ... ... 36 J. Harry, b. Giffen 7 P. Lewis, b. Beedman 1 B. McLeod, not oat 29 fl. Trnmble, b. Giffen ... 12 Leg-byes 5 Total 221 Grand total 541 BOWLING ANALYSIS. 156 4 79 2 282 19 108 1 101 C CO 5 36 2 23 1 24 1 10 ? 86 0 24 ? 24 1 15 1 B. M. B. W. Beedman... ... 180 8 66 2 G. Giffen... ... 271 15 104 7 Jarvis ... 24 1 9 — Lyons Phillips ... ... 48 ... 24 1 2 31 6 1 B. M. B. W. 72 2 35 — 227 11 89 7 216 13 85 1 102 3 48 2 24 1 14 — Sooth Australia. First Ioniogs. A. fl. Jarvis, c. Blaokham, b. Trumble... 7 J. J. Lyons, b. McLeod 38 G. Giffen, b. Trnmble 85 B. S. Wigley, b. McLeod 6 H. L. Haldane, o. and b. Trumble ... 70 fl. Blinman, b. Trott 10 W. F. Giffen, b. Trumble 12 J. Beedman, o. Trott, b. Trumble ... IS G. Parkin, st. Lewis, b. Trumble ... 11 F. Jarvis, c. Trott, b. Trumble 15 E. G Phillips, not out 10 Byes 7, leg-byes 4 11 Total 282 BOWLING ANALYSIS, Morris Trumble Trott MoLeod Drysdale Second Innings, J. J. Lyons, o. and b. Trumble 134 B. 8. Wigley, c. Trott, b. Trumble ... 6 A. H. Jarvis, c. Barrett, b. Trumble ... 6 G. Giffen, o. Drysdale, b. Trumble ... 9 H. L. Haldane, o. Lewis, b. Trott ... 0 W. F.tGiffeu, c. DryBdate, b. Trumble ... 10 J. Beedman, b. Trumble 0 fl. Blinman, b. Morris 6 F. Jarvis, b. Trumble 32 G. Parkin, b. Trumble ._ 18 E, G- Phillips, not out 0 ByeB 11, leg-byes 3 14 Total 241 Grand total 523 BOWLING ANALYSIS. Trumble ... Trott MoLeod ... Morris Umpires—Meson. T. Flynn and I, A. Fisher. B. M. R. W. 183 4 110 8 102 3 59 1 64 — 84 —. 60 2 24 1 