FOOTBALL NOTES. BY MARKWELL. Footballers are wont to be thankful for small mercies in the matter of weather, but when, after a long continuance of rain they are favoured with a really fine day like last Saturday, their delight is un- bounded. Thus it was that, upon the beautiful green sward of the Melbourne Cricket-ground, which, con- sidering the quantity of moisture it had during pre- vious weeks absorbed, was in excellent condltion, the representatives of Carlton and Geelong respectively entered into their interesting conflict with each indi- viduai spirit "bent up to his full height." The favourable atmospberic surroundings had effect, too, upon the attendance, for, though the spectators turned up the Saturday before to the number of 20,000 to witness the struggle between Carlton and South Melbourne, the embankments, stands, and reserves were much more densely packed last Saturday, and it is probably no exaggeration to state that 20,000 people were present during the afternoon. The fact that there was no other important engagement within easy reach of the metropolis no doubt tended to swell the crowd, but that a more than usually numerous gathering of handsomely-dressed ladies graced the lawn in the members' reserve was attributable only to the fineness of the weather. The match was watched with all the interest usually evoked when two such teams contend, and although the result cannot be said to have been that which was generally expected, or, indeed, that which the all- round merits of the players warranted, it cannot be denied that the struggle was an exexciting one from first to last. The winners have to be congratulated upon having succeeded in snatching a very narrow victory, and upon having improved their position upon the list; but I do not think they will require to be told that they were very leniently dealt with by their opponents' goal-kickers. As a matter of fact, the term "goal-kickers" is a misnomer when applied to the forwards of the Carlton team, and "goal missors" would be far more appropriate. Their Green, certainly, was very much off colour, as his half-dozen chances, not one of which could be termed difficult, were absolutely thrown away, as were the less numerous opportunities of Currie and M'Carthy, his asso- ciates in the scoring department. It was truly disheartening to the members of the team to find their most brilliant end successful efforts to get the ball forward turned to so little account. The fol- lowers, especially O'Connor, who played the game of the 40, end M'kechnie performed their share of the work in really excellent style, and were much superior to the Geelongites immediately oppore to them; and the placed men, amongst whom Bailey was conspicuously brilliant, and Watling only com- paratiely less effective, did a great deal more than hold their own ; but it was all to no purpose. Allow- ing wide margin for bad luck, and taking the matter at a low estimate, at least fire of Carlton's 16 behinds should have been goals, and the ques- tion that naturally suggests itself to me is bow to account for this lamentable weak- ness. 'Tis true that Berry, who in previous years scored consistently for them, has taken up his resi- dence in Tasmania, and that Qreen and Gellatly are by no means the men they were, but I understand that the match committee have at their command the services of a player whose ability as a goal-maker was not long ago a very big factor in the succeses of the dark blues. It is said that the committee have per- sistently ignored the claims of the man to whom I allude upon unjustifiable personal grounds, and, if the statement be true, the sooner he Is reinstated in the team the better. The club that is ruled by a clique and the committee that is actuated by personal spite do not deserve success, and, as the circum- stance is put to me, this is exactly the position occupied by the Carlton club and its executive. Hutchinson. Leydin. Krane, White, Moloney, and M'lnerney all did good work against the Geelongites, and Bloomfleld, who resumed his place in the team after a long absence, showed that he had not altogether lost his form. Lorraine, late of St. Kilda, appeared for the first time in Carlton colours, and did not by any means disgrace them; but the side missed the valuable aid of M'Kenzie, who in his place as a follower would most likely have found opportunities of scoring and used them to advantage. The hero of the occasion on the winning side was Baker, who ex- hibited elmost as much ability against his old asso- ciates as he ever displayed on their behalf. He was the mainstay of the Geelong team, who, but for his magnificent rushes and effective kicking, would have had little or no say in the match. Talbot, Julien, and Parkin were in their best form, and R. Reid, Robinson, and Ryan also deserve a meed of praise for their consistent good play, Hickenbotbam's injured wrist kept him out of the game, and both as captain and custodian of the centre he was a great loss to his club. This defeat relegates Carlton to sixth place on the list, and deals a very serious blow to their aspirati -ns for the season's premiership honours. Nevertheless, as there is yet a long way to travel,and as the old club possesses a deal of vitality, there is still a possibility of its regaining the lost ground. Accuracy to shooting for goal is, however, a sine qua non for a team which desires to take a leading position; and the Carl- tonians will do well to look carefully into the matter I have mentioned above, and to devote as much time as they can spare to practice In straight kicking. With some misgivings Essendon Journeyed last Saturday to Williamstown, where for a couple of years the locals had not suffered defeat in any match of consequence. Indeed, so well had the townsmen performed on their own ground, that they were looked upon as almost impregnable there. But the superiority of the red and blacks did not fail to assert itself, and the result was that the latter scored exactly twice as much as the residents. The totals, 2—8 to 1—4. show, however, that although the winners had the beat of the struggle, there was cause for anxiety amongst them right up to the lost minute, as a lucky stroke on the part of their oppo- nents might at any moment have equalised the goals. Both sides played all they knew throughout, and the spectators, most of whom were local supporters, were completely carried away with the intense excite- ment that prevailed. At no time during the after- noon was the conflict permitted to become slow or wearisome. On the contrary, every inch of ground was hotly disputed, and occationslly a little more violence was used than the etiquette of the football field generally allows. The game could hardly have been termed out-and-out rough, but the contestants became at times more fiery than judicious. The crowd entered thoroughly into the sentiments of the partici- pants In the fray, and eventually went a step further ou their own account, for they assailed Wilson, the umpire, with noisy threatening Invective, and, as the conclusion of the game would, most likely, have done him serious bodily injury but for the timely interfer- ence and protection of a couple of water police who were fortunately at hand to assist the energetic hon. sec. of the Williamstown Club (Mr. M. J. Fitzpatrick) to preserve order. Wilson Is particu- larly grateful to Mr. Fitzpatrick for having generously exposed himself to considerable risk In his efforts to repress the hostile demonstrations which were made even in the reserve amongst the non-playing mem- bers of the club. It Is not stated that Wilson was guilty of conduct no reprehensible as to warrant the exhibition of so much ill-feeling towards him. His only crime was that he had deemed it necessary to award marks in punishment for infringements of the laws of the game, and these marks in many instances given against Williamstown men. The question of the justness of his decisions did not trouble the minds of the howling mob, whose partiality for their own representatives, added to their chagrin at having to put up with defeat completely blinded them to the fact that the umpire had done his beat to be fair. The affair was thorough disgrace to the dietries and it is a pretty tolerable certainty that should any such thing again happen, the Williamsown ground will be tabooed. In the game itself several players performed with remarkable brilliancy and the whole forty Williamson, who defended the local goaL was the meet deserving of applause.. He marked in splendid style, and hse determined efforts saved the goal time after time. Young, Fribbs, M'Pherson, Griffin, Worroll, and the captain, Jones all acquitted themselves very well indeed. For the conquerers Forbes was as usual facile princeps,and Mourits and Ball, the last named missed a ridiculously easy chance of scoring deserve the warm thanks of the club for their throughout. "long lane," and it was unfortunate for the previously fast-rishing Fitzroyites that they were encountered just at the " turning" point in the fortunes of the seasiders. The maroons had nothing to blame themselves for in the contest except that as usual, they failed to make capital out of a majority of their easiest opportunities. It does seem astonish- ing that this most essential point of the game is per- sistently neglected by the bulk of players. Goal- kickers become so only by assiduous practice, and I am firmly conviced that every moderately gifted foot- baller may by practice acquire the accuracy necessary to enable him to score twice out of every three times from shots within range.I warmly greet St. Kilda's return to form, and now that tney have once more got on the track It is to be hoped they will rapidly make up for lost time. Melbourne defeated Footscray at the Friendly Societies' Ground, on Saturday, by 4 goals 8 behinds to 1 goal 6 behinds, and thus put the question of supremacy between the clubs, out ol the region of doubt. An amount of bad feeling was, I am sorry to say, imported into the encounter, which was of a very rough description, and, towards the conclusion, there was enacted a scene of which the participators should be ashamed. The circumstances will In all probability be thoroughly inquired into by the asso- ciation, and It would therefore be injudicious for me at present to make further comment upon it. Ballarat Was much too heavy metal for the Rich- mondites, notwithstanding that the latter were upon their native heath, and had at their command all the big game of the club. When It is recorded that one team had 10 goals 12 behinds to Its credit, against 1 goal 6 behinds gained by another team, there ''needs no ghost come from the grave to tell" the reason. The quarts-crushers are in rare buckle this season, and It is.almost a pity that the exigencies of affairs rendered it necessary to confine premiership matches to the 12 competing clubs, for, if Ballarat were amongst the aspirants, its chances would be particu- larly rosy. North, south, and west, our armies are pushing out in search of conquest, and in two out of the three directions they have encountered disaster. The Portonians won without difficulty, by 6—12 to 2—4, against a team representing, tne New South Wales Association; but North and South Melbourne have hot been so fortunate in Adelaide and Hobart re- spectively. Norwood just managed to score a win against the former by 4—4 to 3—15, though, judging from the disparity in the behinds, the visitors must have been much tne stronger- team all round. South Melbourne reached Hobart, after a rather protracted voyage, late on Friday night, and, on Saturday after- noon, against the representatives of the Southern Tas- mania Association, they, were still a bit at sea. They succeeded, however, in making a very close thing of the result, and the scores were—South Tasmania, 4 goals 7 behinds; South Melbourne, 3 goals 9 be- hinds. The Southern Tasmanian Association do nothing by halves, and consequently when they lay them selves out to treat visiting teams well, the result is always gratifying to the latter. It strikes me, how- ever, that in endeavouring to placate the South Mel- bourne team and its deservedly popular manager they have been much too severe upon the umpire, who was so injudicious as to allow his temper to overpower him after the conclusion of last Saturday's match at Hobart. His offence must have been serious indeed if it merited permanent dis- Qualificaiion, and I think that Mr. Angus Evans, who laid the charge against him, will him- self be amongst the first to request the Tas- manian authorities to considerably reduce the sen- tence. Seeing that the umpire is an extremely young man, and that one of his decisions was not only objected to during the match but Was called into question by the South Melbournites after the game was over, and that, too, in no very polite manner, there was some excuse for his turniug upon his assailants. His mistake was that be used unbe- coming language towards the visitors' manager, and in this respect his action was unjustifiable. It is, however, questionable whether the asso- ciation were not themselves to blame for appoint- ing so young a man to umpire in a contest of such importance. South had no difficulty on Wednesday in putting a team of Tasmanians through, though it could hardly have been a representative twenty, otherwise the scores, 7—8 to the visitors, and 1—6 to the locals, would be very unsatisfactory to the Tassies. N'oith Melbourne defeated Adelaide on Wednesday by 8-12 to 2—5. 