MALOi!A AIIOUIGINAL MISMON, ECHUCA. kingdom DK»B Fhiksps, In visiting tliiTonviL [il.nrs niid meeting ffilli ninny Frionils ,m belinlf ot our Mission, wo become interested in tlio spiritual welfare of nil, nnil not being t nblo to flaj' 1'ins t - 1 '- know u! tin- blessings we have received ot the Mission, anil perfonniiy, wo want to write a little account, so that you may read it at your Insure, mid yourself bo helped to receive fiinilnr lilc-fsings. Wo fed deep sympathy with believers in Christ who nre surrounded hy a dark, cold spiritual atmosphere. Perhaps you, like myself, have lioeu trained by Christian parent*, and seek to follow them in working for Christ, but yon feel that you have not the joy nnd ease n His service that you would liko to hare, if on do not understand how His joke is "cast/" mid Uis burden "light." I have Buffered so much myself in press- ing forward into the .place of case and joy, that I want to tell others how tlray can enter more easily. In IV. xxv., 15, vre read, " With glsdiieffi » id rejoicing shall they be brought, they shall enter into the king's paincc;" or, as in Eph. ii,, G, " God hath raised us up together and made us sit together in heavenly places in Christ Jesus." For ten long weary years I believed in Jesus, and worked for Hmi withont reccwing (taking) by faith the Holy Spirit to dwell in, and quicken, and j*uide. 1 •believed in the Spirit and believed He . was in mo, but just as manv believe in -Christ "but do not rcceiTO Him into the heart; I thought that by virtue of telievi»g'inChrist I'had the Holy Spirit- "iHciwas^Wtli me y^ry .powerfully, for I andlosay -through all the dnrlcness, "I will love 3Qiee, -OLord toy strength'." Christian friends told me (when I believed first in Christ), you have everything in Christ, •you-do not ticed to ask for (he Holy Spirit. But my path was very dark for ten years. Then a servant of God, a trao apostle of the present day, asked me, " Have you ltieived the Holy Spirit?" I was praying very much for the baptism of tho Spirit just theu, and was impressed a little hy the question, but the impression soon passed ; f felt &S0ared; it aii error to think that all believers had not the Holy Spirit (dwelling in theni). Shortly after another friend said to mo, " Are yoH in a receptive attitude?" I did not understand the great truth implied in the question. Some months afterwards the former friend was brought io our Mission —we, praying to be kept from error for file sake of our dear blocks, invited her to pay us a visit. One evening we, with Bible in hand, studied the question, asked how, if all believers had not received the Spirit, did Paul say so confidently, "Your bodies arc the temples of the Holy Ghost which dwelleth in you ?" The answer came, The epistles were written to those who had received," We knelt down, and tbo dear servant of Christ prayed that we might receive then, and our simple prayer wont up to the Giver of every good gift, " 0 Lord we now receive !" Next day we professed before the blacks at morning prayers thnt we had received the Holy Spirit. After breakfast we had a meeting with some of tho women, who received also. Meetings were held in the evenings on the subject, and during prayer many received, bome who could not read were the most ready. One •man kept back from the meetings, saying he could pray for himself, but his conduct since proves the pride that was the the cause of his keeping back. Of the Hacks who received then, several men and women have steadily pressed forward and back-slidden very little. They are now being led out as missionaries on behalf of their own race. The blacks being a people easily affected by illhealth, sttd we having had much to do in dispensing medicines, wo were led to pray that we might understand how to receive health by faith. We were then taught that gifts ot health could be received by faith by the Holy Spirit. I had suffered from indigestion and chronic liver complaint, and for (on years had given up the use of tea. One afternoon, a short time after receiving the Spirit, I had » severe attack ; lying down to rest and pr&ying; for health, the word was applied to mo My grace is sufficient for thee," at once X said " Lord I believe, I receive health without giving up tea or doing anything hard. I have been kept well ever since—four years. The health of the people improved from that time. No death, but one little baby (my own), occurred that year. As time went on, we were led to Bee that something more was needed for the -perfecting of the work and for our own personal happiness as Christians. I forgot to tell you that about a year before we received the Spirit, we had "been praying for some time for an outponr'wg of the Spirit on tho Mission, I was led to "this through conversation with a Minister of the Gospel, who had teen very much used m the conversion of souls. He said that there were other out-pourings of the Holy Spirit than that at Pentecost ; on the Epbnsi.ms ; on the Samaritans, and others (Acts 8£h);:(thoiatter simply received; ;tbere wasnooutwardmanifestation:)-.:: A.few v months2sfter wo saw thiSj-andThad 1 been United in'prayer, every lnudrance was removed, and one Sunday when Mr. M"- .. was telling the people about the sin of rejecting Ohnst, one man was convicted and believed in Christ. The work then went quickly on till all— about one hundred, were joyful believers. • Then a year after we received the Spirit Jis I have told you. But God impressed us that wp had more to learn, more to receive. The word " In Christ" was impressed upon me as meaning more than we had understood. Beading u Foolish Dick, the Cornish preacher," we were struck with an experience he ' had. After constant prayer one day, he retired to a cave he frequented for private prayer, and he hud a joyful experience, expressing it simply—"The kingdom of Heaven was revealed to my soul" Shortly after this, a black Queensland girl, whose father had been shot, and who had been taken from her mother when quite a little gir 1 , wandered from Sydney to Melbourne—" a poor lost akrip," as ?he often called herself —B&ved; in a Salvation Army meeting, and taken care of by s vino lasses— handed over to us by the manager of a ' home for girls in flruns-viek, we took her in, nnd bravely did she fight against sin and Satan—against the evil propensities of her nature— ; her begetting sins. Her he.all.b gave way in a few months. She lay down to die, her youth (she was only seventeen) and energy struggling against it. The life of exposure and hardship and sin had been too much for her, and her death was to be the means of blessing to mo, and to many, so God called her through nmch tribulation to enter the Kingdom. Since receiving \- the Spirit I had been feeling the power . of the flesh warring against the spirit, xWld as dear Lucy cned to God for deliverance fromJier pain of body,-co I< criod for freedom from tlio body of Bin, as in Horn, vii., " Who fhell deliver me from this body of dwtth !" Reading to Lucy one day in John vi., I was struck with the 36th verse, " Whoso e&tctb; my flesih nnil drinkcth my blood, dwelleth in mo, and I in him." I by faith, received tho living personal presence of Jesus, and His blood into my «oul as meat and drink. Then the words camo clearly t<i me, " If Christ be in yon tho hndf is dead." (Horn, riii.) Visiting Melbourne shorty after, and conversing with a friend, I told my need of more blessing. Through continually receiving Christ, I knew He was dwelling in me. X was taught that I must by faith claim my place in Chri?t in Heavenly places. The text had been given and received as an invitation, " Sit thou on my right hnnduill I put all your enemies underneath your feet." I said, " Lord. I will." In Christ at the right hand of God I have pence. Then I felt the desire to see the glory of God, and was taught t<> receive the eyesalve (Rev. iii. 16), that hy faith I might understand heavenly tilings, Bud sec God's power and gloryJiero in our midst saving souls fully. While on. a trip to Gcelong with some of our Blacks holding meetings, I asked to know fully what was the Baptism of the Spirit, a' d how I should know when it was given, and received thnt as fully as I knew how. At once a pressure came upon me, making ; me feel weak- Thon the word," Ye shall receive power after that the Holy Ghost has come upon you." I understood what that meant, then. When I received; Christ -to dwell jn rao ss true meat,; I was Ied io Jeare:M^hadr:pr,gpod,:aJ/ at the Cross. By faith X took my place m Christ, crucified, dead—t.sen-jgtv? -. lied , "I live, jpetjiot I,-butCJ|rirtJiyeth in mo. To praise God jised to bo .diffi- cult, hut now having my mind-.fixed upon things above, not worried, the spirit or mind resting in Jesus above, J can sincerely assert that He keeps in perfect peace those whoso minds are: stayed upon Him. Some, at conversion," or believing in Christ do, or may receive, all that I have taken so long to learn nnd tale, but I have met many who are pressing forward into the Kingdom of Heaven {fully righteousness «ud pence and joy in the Holy Ghost.) ;The Kingdom of God can be within you, and you can be in it now. Jcstts says, " He that keepeth my sayings shall never see death." " If any man cat of this bread he shall live for ever." If we now, by faith, are.Christ thus, the following lines will be our present experience :— " Safe in the arms of Jesus, Sate oil His gentle breast, There by His Jove o'ersbaded, Sweetly our bouIs shall rest.' " Safe in the arms of Jesus, Safe £rom corroding care, Safe £com the world's temptations, Sin cannot harm roe there. " Free from the Wight of sorrow, Free from my doubts and fears, Only a few niore trials, Only a few more teara." Having given self entirely over to Jesus, and receiving Him to dwell in us; reckoning self dead continually, and receiving continually God Himself, the Spirit and the Son (and werknow if wo have the Son, wc have the Father too), we shall be kept from «in. " Whoso is born of God " (fully into the Kingdom) sinneth not, but if any man ein, (the. receiving of the blood cleansetli. If we receive continually the bloodiof Jesus as drink of 'this sbuV wc "sHbII be kept., Just as in;nBtural tliings if we; take-food regularly, we' do not get weak;'bo if ?®' breutlie into -our souls the Holy Spirit: and feed by faitli upon the:6on of God we will be strong in the Lord and; in the power of His might, ^ I would add a word for motherland] fathers. Give your children entirely to God and follow on as He leads for their good. Teach them to receive by faith, and their souls will grow as their bodies. Another word to members of churches : Seek for unity ; where there is no unity the work of the Spirit will be hindered. May the Lord bless this letter, arid give power so that all who read may receive (take by faith), and believing they have' taken, they shall have. To Christ be all praise. Your loving sister in Jesus, Some inquirers ask, "show we: understand the word of God, by Paul in Rom. viii.," " If any man have not the Spirit of Christ^ he is none of |His." All believers in Christ 'javc the Spirit with them; Romans 8, 3 shows also a result of having the Spirit dwelling in the believer (also verse 11). By receiving or taking Hiin by faith to.dwell in them they, when emptied of self and receiving Christ fully, become filled with the Spirit, and receiving the .baptism, then receive power. Christ said to his disciples : " He (the Spirit) is with you, and shall be in you." In John we read This spake Ho of the Spirit which th'oy that believe oil Him should receive or take." In Gal. iii., wc read, " Received ye the Spirit by;the bearing of faith ?" Brown (proudlv)—'.There i86ome tshiKky' old mall, thatl have had in the f:otifii! fnr fifteen years Friend . (tnHimj: . it)—' Wliat'a the umt1ev,-Brnvru ? Can t you' give it away. ?' v «T. MATTHEWS, 