IRovellst. The Midnight Prophecy Oil TIJU HEIR OP STRATHSPEY TOWERS. *-...?? Jtf/ Emma Garrison Jones, CHAPTER XLIX. LADY PEARL 1IAS AN ADVENTURE, Lady Nevillo waa slightly indisposed, xnd the earl had gone to Lancaster in ,'egard to business matters, lie said ; but lor no other reason, as his sister very pell knew but to visit the Lancaster Moor A-sylum, and malco arrangements to wrry out his insane intentions ; which, no doubt, was tho sole cause of her lady ship's indisposition ; for she looked her l©lt in her chamber, and spent the forenoon pacing up and down like an inraged tigress, wishing sincerely that ihe had tho power to consign hor brolhor 'fo the tender mercies of a mad- house, aa 'she had done his wife. Meanwhile tho countess took n fancy \o drivo to tho ruins of an old castlo lomowhere amid tho highlands, and near ftrhioh was a noted cavern, So tho pony-phaeton waa brought out, ^ud a basket of eandwiches, and two or "jhreo bottles of champagne parked under the seat, and Lady Marguerite and Sir Bayard summoned to accompany her. \ Lady Marguerite was not at all avorso \o going, and the baronet would have followed anywhere in the wake of the pountess j hor gold attracted him as a . magnet attracis stool. Tho day was lino in the forenoon, and their drive wiva quite pleasant, and tljoy found tho old ruina grand and pioturosque beyond all description. Tho countess, who was qiiito a traveller in lior way, was especially delightod, "What a charming old place!" she oried, aa thoy sat in a dim old cluvpol, with fretlod ceiling and ahiined windows, lipping their champagne ; " and since I Qomo to remember it, you uacd to be an artist, Sir Bayard," alio added, turning upon the baronet; " how ia it we aoo none of your work now !" , Tho baronet blushed like a girl, ar.d stammered in dire confusion, 'i.'Pshaw 1" ejaculated the countess" " what are you blushing about 'I I detest bashful men ; if you have a talont for anything 'tia nothing (o bo aahuuied of," Sir Bayard managed to got his voice, but it quavered dreadfully. Ho did well- ho used to sketch a long whilo ago -when he was travelling-but ? .' No buts about it," said tho dowager. .,c You're not so clever that you need to drop your aceomplishmonta-I'd liko to have a sketch of these ruins-so do you purchase materials in Perth, and we'll drive over again in a few days, and you shall make a sketch for ma," The baronet; bowed in silence, but his . fiioe looked liko the faco of a condemned criminal. Tho countess stared in amaze ment. Wha, is Iho matter?" ahe cried; " one minute you're as red aa a roso, and tlfa next aa white aa a ghost. Aro you . ill?" Sir Bayard was not quite woll; he had boen troubled with dizzinoss for a dny or ' two. Ho would walk about a little ; it Would soon wear oil'. Accordingly, ho strolled oiE iir one direction, and Lady " ..Marguerite, watching her opportunity, disappeared in another; tho countess, >vnuining in the chapel, to rest lieraolf . , hd finish-her champagne, .' How tho poor girl does detest him ?" she murmured. ; " and I don't wonder at it much. Bayard Brompton's a queer fellow Bomo way-he'a got a ttccrcl that Jroublea him, I wonder what it is? But no matter," she added, turning back to ^er champagne, "he'a one of my own . >aoa, and aha ahall marry him-it may bo )he meana of saving him from disgrace uid ruin." Meanwhile, Lady Marguerite made hop iray through the mouldering' walla of the did oaatlo, and out of the warm, aummei? ur. The clouds were gathering in the W6Bt, but tho sun still shone, and the wee^o was sweet and fresh. She strolled iown tho ruined avenue, bonoftth the whispering fir brunches, find out into tho (reen, open park. Tho prospcct around tier wna indoacribably grand and boauti* j lul. Ou ono hand towered the bold, { bleak valleys, and now and then tho glittering gleam of somo mountain lako,1 unci far below llashod tho spires of Perth *nd diatanUDuiuleo. There was a fallen staiue near at hand, * modern ^Ypollo, half imbedded in tho cftiik grnaa, his lyre broken, and all his god-liko beauty Jailing to decay. Lady roarl seated herself upon this fallen god, Mid leaning her lovely brow OH hor hand, gasr.ed out upon tho glorious summer locnca with sad, sad ejoa. So young, And yet so utterly niisorablo ! Tho very sunlight seemod to fall upon hor bowed head, with its crown-of silken gold in pitying tenderness. ^ She was thinking of the baronot, the man who waa to be her husband, wonder* Aug why it waa that his very proBenoo in. spired her with Buoh disgU3fc, and aversion ? She could not hear to be in the Biune room with him, and yet in throo short montlis alio would bo his wife ! '* I cannot," she murmured, the silent twars falling over her cheeks. " Surely Uod will lot me dio and eaoape it, Poor papa, J would give my life to please and comfort him, but I can never bo that man's wife," And then hop fancy, by a sudden and caprioious irauaition, recalled another face, a handsome, manly face, lit by bright brown oyea. Poor little Pearl eighed, and a vivid red flushed her waxen -ohoeka.' She was an earl's daughter, yefc she was quite na full of idle fancies, and silly, girlish dreams, aa the humblest peasant girl upon her father's domains, Sho sat tliQro in the old park, on the fallen statuo of Apollo, dreaming in the bright summer sunshine, and always in her dreaming thoao bright brown eyea were preaen*;, l^oolish, foolish little Pearl! " The sound of an approaching footstep startled her, and alio sprang up, in hasta to fly baolc and escape an interview with Sir Bayard ; but she met face to faco not Sir Bayard, bub Captain Fossbrooke. He '1)0 wed with courtly grace, that pleasant amilo of hia making his brown oyoa irresistible. Lady Marguerite flushed like a rose in her embarrassment. " I beg you pardon, Lady Marguerite," said tho captain, "but you wore just what I needed to make my sketch perfect" -he pointed towards his portfolio and drawing materials, winch lay a fow feet distant-" and my patron saint sent you to Bit on tho fallen Apollo, Will you look at my aketoh ?" j Lady Marguerite followed him, and ho laid boforo her, with pardonnblo' pride, a masterly sketch of tho hoary old ruins, and of the green park, with herself seated on the fallen marble, and I ho bold peaks, and tho rolling highlands in tho distance. 44 Why, what an artiafc you are, Captaiu .Fo3sbrooko," sho said, simply, " X never Baw anything so porfect, How it would delight the countess," , .' Do you think so 1 Then the oountesa must see it," smiled tho captain, lie took up his portfolio, und .they walked on aide by side, " I did not droam of puch a pleasuro as meeting your ladyship." ho said. " When I came out to sketch this morning 1 thought, you were at tho Towora," Lady Marguerite blushed vividly be neath his admiring stlancos. " We came acrosa over ft weolc ago," alio replied. " Wo are staying nt Ravens wold, au old highland country-house belonging to tho countess." " Ah, I understand 1 How long shall yon remain ?" . "'Until the last of September, 1 think." " That's pleasant," cried the captain, I'm hero myself for the summer, I've abandoned tho sword, for the hot weather at least." They had reached the ruins by this time, and as they turned into the grand vestibule, clambering over heaps- of rubbish, they came upon Sir Bayard, wholly recovered from his dizziness, it appeared, and coming in search of Lady Marguerite. If a ghost, from one of the mouldering tombs below the chapul, had confronted him, ho could not have looked more startled than ho did at sight of tho captain, lie looked lilco a statue, hia face growing livid, hia eyes wide and staring. "How are you to-day, Sir Bayard1?" said tho captain, extending hia hand with, frank cordiality, Tho baronet gava him tho tips of his lingers, a scowling frown contracting hia brows. The noxfc instant ho ottered hia arm to Lady Marguerite, mid led her away-tho countesa was awaiting her ho said. Nothing dashed by his ovidi nt disliko and ill-humor, the captain followed them into the grand gloom of the old ohapel, whore tho countess still sat. She looked up in unuttorablo surprise nt hia sudden appearance. " Why, bless my soul," she exclaimed, rogarding him over her goggles, " who ia it ? Why, 'tis Fossbrooke-Captain Foaabrooko 1" The captain bowed profoundly, and ex pressed himself highly flattered to know that her ladyship renieniberod him, lie was making a sketching tour through the Highlunda. " Why, I thought you were a soldier," interrupted tho dowager, spitefully. "So I am, and bogging your ladyship'tt pardon, an artist, too, in my way. Would you do my poor sketch the honor to look | at it?" '.Do look at it, please," whispered Marguerite, her radiant faco all smilea andbluahea, "you will be so pleased, I know J" Tho artist drew the sketch from hia portfolio, and kicl it before her, and the dowager condescended to examine it, Her eyes brightened beneath her uo^glos aa sho looked. a Why,,young man," alio cricd «fc last, This tiling is worlhy of a place in my gallery at Mortlako! I never saw a finer landscape ! Do you care to noil it j "It isn't finished yet," replied .Captain Fossbrooko, flushing with gratification ; I " it wfll make a finer' appearance by far j wlun it is complete." 1 i " Well, complete it, thon.-and I'll give you a good price for it, \Vaat do you want ? Will three hundred pounds dp V" "That would bo a very gonerous remuneration," replied tho captain, " but if your ladyship would acoept-" But she cut him short with a gesture, "I never accept any thing," aho Baid, I've monoy enough to pay for all I want. Mind, tho picture's mine aa soon a*> it, ia done. Why can't >/ou do something like that, Brompton I" ahe continued, turning to the baronet. "What baa become of your talent V Sir Bayard did not reply, but the cap. tain did. " Oh, yes," ho put in pleasantly, 44 Sir Bayard does dabble in colours, too. 1 remember now, my friend, Golnml llich mornl Brooke, used to apeak of Sir Bayard as an artist!" The baronet's face began to lose its color, and hia oyea to wander restlessly beneath the captain's steady gazo, and ho stammered wretchedly in hia attempts to reply. 1 lf'd he'd spoken of him aa a fool, ho'd havo beon nearer tho truth, I think," muttered the douager, under her breath; then aloud, u Ilevo, Marguerite, give the captiiin a sandwich and a bottle of cham pagne," sho said, " and then we'll gather up, and lii't ready for starting." Marguerite obeyed with blushing ertgor lioas, and while tho captain, uitting down beaido tho counte33, uncorkod hia cham pagne and ate his sandwich, talking all tho while with that nameless ease and graoo that characterised nil liia niovo menta, tho baronot, utterly unable to control hia blanching cheoka and shaking knees, availed himself of tho pretext of Booing that the carriage wan ready, and made his escape. ,f Willi your ladyship's kind per mission," ventured the -artist, after ho had placed tho ladies in the carriage, standing in tho noonday sunlight, his handsome face and bright-brown eyes all aglow with life and genial humour, " I'll call ut Itiwenswold in a day or two and bring the sketch And tho countess noddod in her grim, abrupt way ; and mentally anathematized herself the moment aftor when her sharp eyes caught sight of Marguerite's vivid blushes and lingering glances aa tho carriage rattled away " A pretty mess I've made of it," she soliloquized, "giving him an excuse to come-and the girl is head-over-heelB in love with him already." They drove a milo or two further down amid the highlands to aee the uaveru, which was a weird and wonderful sub terranean abode, running for miles be neath the base of a rooky cliff, roofed with glittering stalactites, and floored with mosaic-likeexoresooncesthat gleamed and flashed in the light of their torches like precious stones. The countess and Marguerito were carried away with delight aud admiration, and lingered long after Sir Bayard warned them thafc the weather had changed and the day was far advanced. . There were so many wonders to admire, so many new sights at every step, that they lingered in blissful forget fulness, The voice of their coachman aroused them from their dream. "I beg your ladyship's pardon," ho Bftid, addressing the countess: " but there be every sign as warns ye when a storm's a brewin', and I thought it best to fasten the 'ossea, and come down an' tell ye." And at the same moment, as if in con firmation of his words, a roll of thunder awoke a thousand reverberating eohoes around them. Marguerite grow pale with alarm, and the countess went stump* iug off towards the entrance at a furious rate. " You villian I" she cried, with her characteristic unreason, as another peal Boomed to shako the foundation of the mountain ; " why didn't you come and tell me before ? What made you wait till the last moment ?" " I beg your graco's pardon," implored the driver ; " but Sir Bayard was up a minute or so ago." M Hush with your clatter, will you ? If I'm caught in the storm it shall cost you your plaoo, that's all. Hue, Brompton, don't stand there like a gaping idiot. jGun't you liolp mo to got out 1" Sir Bayard flew to her assistance, bow ing like a mandarin, while Marguerite, glad to escape his attentions, accepted the assistanco of tho guide. Tho stormwas certainly brewing, and tlmt with frightful vapidity, when they gained tho outside world again. Tho west was one groat mass o£ boiling black, edged with brassy yellow whero tho luiid sun was going down; and tho thunder bellowed in tho great distance like the guns in a great battle, " I think wo had better return to tho cavo till tho storm ia over," suggested tho baronofc, aa ho surveyed tho ominous sky. " You do?" Biiarlod tho dowager, as she hobbled on toward the carriage; then take shelter in it. If you want to bo buried in that pit o' lire and brimstono in a thunderstorm 'ti3 more than I do. Hero, Marguerite, be quiok, and now, sir-addressing fciie driver- " drive for your life ; if you don't get buck to the old castle beforo the storm breaks I'll clip your ears," Sir Bayard Bprang to his seat without another word, and the coachman, mount ing his box, lashed his horses like a mad man. But tho highland roads wove rough and bad, and ia tho gloom of tho waning afternoon it was a nuittor of ex ceeding difficulty to distinguish one road from another. Tho poor fellow had not driven half a mile beforo ho was utterly bewildered. But he kopt .on, tho fiery animals at their bost. speed, and growing wilder with the blnae of,the lightning in their eyes, "Are we in sight of tho castle ?" de manded tho countess, shuddering atevory fresh peal. Not yot, your ladyship," replied the coachman, urging his speeds into a lonely livne, which run through tho heart of a forest of firs. Sir Bayard opened tho carriage door and looked out, as tho darkness began to close around them. " We are on tho wrong road 1" ho cried out. "Tho man has lost his way 1" Tho coimtesB uttored a ory of rage and execration, but on awful shock, as if heaven and earth wcro coming together, and at tho same instant a blinding Hash silenced her. Tho very air was charged ?with sulphurous gas, and the aflirighted horaos, maddened beyond nil control, shot otfat a bieik-neok paoo. Tho baronet put out his head to call to tho driver, ami, to his utter conster nation, saw that the box was empty, The dfivor Avaa gone, 