Story Column. A NEW SAGA.. By HALL O A I N E, Author o£ 'The De-mnter,' 'A. Son of liujjar,' ' The Shadow of a Crime,' &o.;, &o.; [ALT, aUBEHSLAND IU0HT1 HE3EnVED ] CHA1TEE9 I: 'and II.— Jorgen .Torjrenscn is tho GovonHii-Uenerul'of Ioolaud, whcrn thu plot of tlio story is laid. His duughtor, Jtnchcl, ho is anxious should imiiTy Uount Trolloii, tho Danish Minister for Iceluim, but she is averse to tho . proposed match. Attending n wrestling touruu ment, one of tho emit cstiints, Piitriekson, curries nil before Mir, nnd Itnoncl presents him with the ? uliiui.pion'B -Uiilfro- .'swaggering away with his piizo he encounters a. stranger, Stephen Orry, who, being challenged, easily turnwH I'umcksen, grcntlytotho surmisu of tho unlnokcrs. Hint mini' night, l'atrk-kten is found inurdurcil. Tlio months missed on uml tlio love of linchol and S spin n bring discovered her father curses them, aim they ill o from his presence. They ultlniiituly jniiuy, nut. Stephen turns out idle and dissolute. His nun hoi- is invited to conic and live, with thorn ?in the hope thnt she will have some influence over her oon, but ho in no way improves. Anxious to purchase abontshuscllshcr long unribcnutiCuIhulr to it denier, and presents tho proceeds to her hus band. Ho ltnvcs her, but only to gnmblo and In.ie it nil. A quarrel ensues lietwcen Rachel and her mother-in-law, and Stephen in his anger strikes his wilo ucross.the face. Enraged she asks 'llnvo yon forgotten tho death of Patricks™ 1' IJor words net like a blow, mid he reels out of the houso into the night. Ciiaitehs III. axd IV.— After Stephen's bnso deseition of his wife, Rachel gives birth to a son, mid calls his nnnie. Jnson. Timo rolls on, twenty yenrH pass, nnd tho child becomes a man. IIo Icnrns the story of his mother's ill- treatuient nnd vows on her dead body, for .she dies before tho return of her husband, to wreak vengeance on his father for his inbiunnu conduct. Tho scene of tho story is then changed to the Islo of Man, and tho Governor of Man, Adam Fnirbrother, receives a hunted ?wolf, who benrs upon his body tho innrks of sttvitudu nnd suilermg. A lme-nnd-cry is raised npninst tho fugitive who has deserted his ship, and ho leaves the shelter of the Oovenior's . house. He is taken in, howevor, by n woman named Liza Killey. the slattern of the island. The man wns Stephen Orry. ClIAPTEB V. — LlTTLE StJNlOCKS. One. month only had then passed sinc.o the sight of Stephen O;ry's flight from Iceland, and the story of his fortunes in tho meantime is quickly told. Iu sharao of his brutal blow, as well as fear of his wife's threat, he had stowed away in tho hold of an English ship tbatfiiiled the same night. Two days later famine had brought him out of his hiding place, and he had bren compelled to work be fore the mast. In ten more days he had signed articles us able eeanian at the first English port of call. Then bad followtd punishments for fcloth, puniphinenta for ipnornr.ee, and punish irtnls for not knowing the high- flavoured lan guage of his huatswain. Aft'r that had come bickerings, thieatp, scowls, oathB, nnd open ruptures with this chief of petty tyrants, end ing with the blow of a nmrlin-Bpiko over tho rig Icelander's crown, and the little boatswain rolling headlong overboard. Then had followed twenty-eight days spent in irons, riveted to tlio ship's side on tho under deck, with bre.nd and water diot every second day and nothing between Finally, by the eecret good fellowship of a shipmate with some bowels of compiteion, tacnpo had como after starvation, as Bturvution hud como after slavery, and fciej-fcen had Bwum ashore whilo his ship lay at ane.hor in Ramsay Bay. What ocouned thereafter at the bouse whereto ho had drifted no one oould rightly trJl. He continued to live there with the trull who kept it. She had been the illegitimate child of an insolvent English debtor and the daughter of a neighbouring vicar, had teen ignored by her father, put out to uur*o liy hor mother, bred iu ignorance, reared in impurity, and had grown into a buxom hti'sy — idl-, immodest, mttii-h, the B^wer of linvdness for bestiul mfu wi'.hin a radius of miles. By what arts, what hints, what appeals, what allure ment p, this trollop got pussesiuon of Stephen Orry it is not hard, to guess. Firstly, ho was a hunted mnn, and only one who duro do anything dare open doors to him. Next, ho was a foreigner, dumb ior speech, and deaf for fenndu], and '.herc-foro unable to learn more tbim his eyes could tell him of tho woman who had given him shelter. Then tho big Icelander was a handsome fellow ; and the v orient drab that cv-r trailed a petticoat knows how to hide her slatternly hnbitB whiio bhe is hanfceiing, after a fine-grown man. So the end of nvniy conspiring circumstances was that after much goeeip in corners, many jeers, and some 'totB'ngs of femule heads, the vicar of tho parish', T arson Gell, called one day at the hut in Port-y-Vullin, and on tho following Sunday morning, at church, little Bobbie Christian, the clerk i.nd sexton, read out the asking for tho marriage of Liza Killey, spinstor, of the parish of Maughold, and Stephen Orry, baohe lor. of Icelar.d. What a wedding it wob that ciune .three weeks later '. Liza wore a gay new gown that had been lent her by a neighbour, Bella Coobragh, a girl who hud meant to be married in it herself tho year before, but had not fully carried out her moral intention, and had tinea borne, a child. Wearing such borrowed plumes and a brazen pmile of defiance, Lizti Btrutted up to the communion rail, looking impudently into tho men's facep, and saucily into tho women's— for the church was thronged with an odorous mob that kept up thu jabbering of froga at spawn— and Stephen Orry douched after her in hie blowsy fiornif nts with a downward, shame faced, nt- rvouB look that his hulky manners could not conceal. Then what u wedding feast it iras that followed ! Tho little cabin in Port y-Vullin reeked and smoked with men and women, and ran out on tho sand and pubbbia of the beach, for tho time of year wm wprini, and tho day wbh clear nnd warm. Liza's old lovers were there in troops With u keg of rum over hiB shoulder Narv Crowe, theinukcopor, hadoomedownfromthoBiberniunlogivehcrjoy, aid Cleave Kinley, tho butcher, had brought her half a lamb from Ballaglasp, and Mat Mylohreest, tho net- maker— a venal old skinflint — hadchargtd his Ug snuff-horn to tho brim for the moDy noses of the guests. On tho table, the form, the three-legged stool, tho bed, and the hearth, they eat together oheek by jowl, their hats hung on the roof rafters, their pUtes perched on their knees. And loud was their laughter and dubious their talk. OldThurstnn Coobragh led off on tho advantages of manriage, saying it was -middlin' plain that tho gels nowudays must be wedded when they were babios in arms, for ?by-cbilders were common, and a gel's father v didn't care in u general way to look like a fool ; ?but Nary Crowe saw no harm in a bit of ?Bweeeheartin', and Clave Kinley said no, of coorfo, not if a man wasn't puttin notions into -a.gcl's] head, and Hat Sfylobrees for his part thought tho gels wero amomn* liko the ghosts, for they got jnto every okolelon closet about -the houao. 'But then.' said Mat, 'I am an old ?bachelor, as the sayin' is, and don't know mothin'.' 'Ha, ha, ha! of cooree not,' laughed tho others ; and then t&ere; was ataste.of a toustto ^Liza's future, inNary's rum. '?t-rop it,'- said Liza, as Nany, lifting hiB oup, leaned over to whisper. 'So I will, but it'll bo into yourenr, wo man,' -said Nary. ' So hero'd to the king that's .comin'.' By this time Stephen had slipped out of tho noisomo place, and was rambling1 on the quiet chore alone, with head bent, oheeks ashy pale, eyes fixed, and his brawny hands thrust deep into his pockets. At lest, through the donso f umee within the house, Bella Coobragh noted Stephen's absence, and 'Whore's jour man?' she said to Liza, with a tantalising light in her oyeB. ' Maybe where yours ie, Bella.' said Liza, with a tots of the heud ; 'near enough, per haps, but not visible to the naked oyo.' . Tho effects of going to church on Liza Killey wore what they very often nru on a woman of base nature. With a man to work for her, fho becomo more, idle than teforo, and with nothing to fear from ecandal more rcolrloes and sluttish. Having hidden her nakedness in tho gown of a marriage, she lost tho last rag of womanly sb&me.; . Tho effects on Stephen Orry wero tho doop ening of his sloth, hie gloom, and his helpless ness. What purpose in life he over hod was paralysed. On his first coming to tho island ho had failed to tho mnckorel-fiehin^ in tho boats of Knno Wado— a shrewd Manxman, who found the b-'g, dumb Icelander a skilful fiehermoD. Vcvr ho rjogleotod his work,' lojt self-roHann,', nnd lay about for hours, neither thinking nor feeling, but with a look of sheer stupidity. And so tho two eat together in their ditoh, sinking day by day doeper nnd jef deeper into tbo rairo of idlenetm, moroseneiis, and mutual loathing. Nevertholeas they had their cheerful hours together. l'h» king of Nary's loist toon cam9. A. ohild wus born — a bonny, eunuy boy rs evor yet drew i reath ; but Liza looked on it as a cheok to her freedom, a dcaiu on her energy, some thing helplcva, and looking to her for buccou.v So thu unnatural mother nogleotcd it, mid j Stephen, who was reminded by its coming that Baohcl bad been about to give birth to a child, turned his heart from it und ignored it. Thus three spirit-breaking years dragged on, and Hiiphcn Orry grow woo- begone aud rtono« eyed Of old he had been slothful and spirit let-B indeed, but not a bauo mun. Now his whole naturo was all but gono to the guttar. J He hnd omo been a tiuth-teller, but liviug i with a weman who assumed thut ho mast bo a j liur, he hud ended by becoming one. He bad nn company eavo hor company, fur his tlow | wit had found it hard to learn tho English I tongue, and ^e alono could follow him. Ho j hi-d no dctires pave the petty ones of daily j iood and drink ; ho had no {.urpoao save the | deyiadinfr putposo of dcfeat'ng tho nightly ; WMidiriiijjk of his drunken wife. Thus rt-ith- i out ai.y human pyo upon him in the i'lrk way \ bt* was going, Stephen Orry had grown coareo aiir) hiiM\ j Put tho end was not yet of all this man was j to bo utd know. One night, after spending I the day on tho tea with tho linee for nod, tho I yiar dcepining to winter, tho air muggy and ' cold, ho went away home, hungry, and. wtt and cold, leaving his mates at tho door of the Plough, whoie there was good company within and the. cheer of a busy fire. . Home ! On leaching Port- y-Vullin ho found the door opt n, tie hearth cold, tho floor in a puddle from the driving rain, not a bite or sup in tho cupboaid, and his wife lying drunk aorofs the bed, with the child in its grimy bluenesB creep ing and crying about lier htaa. It was tbo beginning of tho end. Once again no fumbled the haft of his seamur.'H knife, and then by a quick impulse ho plucked up the child in hit, arms. '' Now God be r raised for ycur poor face,' ho said, and while ho dried the child's pitiful eyes, the hot drops started to hia own. Be lit the fire, he cooked a cod he had brought Lome with him, he ate himBelf, and fed tho little cue. Then hosat before theheucth with tho child at his breabt, as any mother might do, nnd hung over it as only a woman could who had suckled it there, for at length it had ccTue to him to know that if it wns not to be lobt and worse then orphaned, he mut-t hence forth be father and rx other both to it. And when the little eyes, wet no longer, but laughing like sunshine into the big Beared face above them, struggled in vain with Bleep, ho wrapped the child in his ragged guernsey and put it to lie like a bundle where the fire could waini it. Then, all being done, ho sat again, and, leaning his elbows on his knees, covered his ears with his hands, eo that they might Bhut out the sound of tho woman'B heavy breathing. It was on thut night, for the first time since 1 e fled from. Iceland, that ho saw the full depth of hiB offence. Offence? Crime it was, and that .of the blackest; and in the terror of his lonelikees he trembled at the thought that come day his hvnible dumb secret would bo come known, that something would happen to tell it — that ho was married already when, he mrinied the woman who lay behind him. At laet he saw how low he had fallen — from her who once had been so pure and true b Bide him, nnd had loved him and given up father inn homo and fame for him; to thia trull, who now druuged him thtough the blush, und trod on him and Imttd him. Then tho bitter thought came that \s hut she h j d suffered for him who Imd given him ovorything, ho could nevor ruj »y by oiio kind word or look. Lost Bhe ?nun to him for over and tvor, and parted from hini by a yc-t wider gulf than 500 miles of sea. Sush v/e * tho ngoiiy of his tharac, aud through it til the tnoro of tho sietpiug woman went like iron tluoughhis head, so that at last he wi uppi d his arms about it uud subbed out the deuu fiia at his feet, 'Kaohol ! Rachel! Bachtl !' ' , All at once ho became , conscious that the heiivy brcuthrcg had coused, that tbo houso wub silent, thiit something had touched him on the thoulder, and that a gaunt shadow stood betidohim. It wnB the woman, who at the sound of hi« voice had nrisin from hor drunkon sleep, and now gasped, 'WtoisRuchely', . At that word his blood ran cold, and thivor iig in his clothes, he crouched lower at the hearth, neither answering her nor looking up. 1 benwith oj es of hate she cried ugain, '?Who is jBachel ? ' ':. But the only voice that answered her wub the voice that rang within him — ' I'm a lost mun. Old help mo.' : ?'?. , ? ':; 'Who isRccbel f ' tho woman cried once mote, and tho sound of that name from her lips, hardening it, brutalizing it, bofouling it, wus tho uiobt awful thing by which hi.s sout hud yet befn fchnktn out of ils stupor. 'Wboissbo, I say? Answer : me,' she cried in a raging voice ; but . he crouched there still, with his haggard face and misty oyos turntd down. . . . ! T hen tho liiid a hand on hia shoulder and ciicd bitterly: ' Who 1b the, this light o' love— thiB bag gage !?' At that ho stiffened himself up, shuddered from head to foot, .flung her from him und answered in a terrible voice, ' Woman, she is my wife.' That, word, Hk9 a thunderbolt, left a heavy tilenco behind it. Liza btood looking in terror at Stephen's face, unablo to utter a cry. But next day she went to Parson Gell and told him all. She got small comfort. Parson Gell had himself had two wives. Tho first had deeerted him, and after an interval of six years, in which he hud not heard from her, ho had murrii d tho f eoond. Po to Liza he said : ' He may have sinned against tho law, but what procf have you ? Nono.' Then i-ho went to tho Deemster at Ramsay. It was Deemster Lnco— a bachelor much given to eecret gallantries. She pot us little cheer from thia sonroe, but yet ehe came away with ono drop of solace for n~.enting in tho bitterness of her heart. ' Tut, woman, it's moro common than you think for. And whero's the harm P Ooh! it's happi ncd to 1-on.e of the best that'sgoing. Now, if ho'd beaten you, or struck you' — and the good msn raised bcth hands and ehoalc his head. Then the thought leapt to hor mind that Bhe hertelf could puniah Stephen a hundred-fold ?worse than any law of bishop or deomstor. If sho could, tho would not now pat him away. H» should live on with her, husband or no husband, and Bhe with him, wife or no wifo. On her way homo eho called at the houuo ot Kane Wade, eat down with old Bridget, shed seme crocodile tears, vowed oho daren't have tould it on no occouutto no other morthal sotrl, but would the heart of woman belavo it ? Hor man bad a wife in bis own country:! Bridget, who had herself had four husbands, lifted her hands in horror, and next-d&y; when Stephen Orry went down to tho boats Kane Wtde, who bad newly turned Methodist, was there ulready, and told him — whittling a stick as ho tpoko- that tho fiBhing was wonderful lean living g«ttin', and if ho didn't «horten hands it would 'bo gain' begging on tUohouseB they'd nil bo swtfcn Buro. Stephen took 6ho hint in tilence, and wont off home. Liza saw him coming, watched tim from the door, aad studied his hard fiot ifaoe with u grim tniiloion her own. Nnxt day Stephen went off to Mat MylcbrecEt, the net-maker, but Mut shook hifl head, faying tho Manxmen had struck against foreign wen nil over the island, and would not work with them. The day after that Stephen tried Nary Crowe, tbo innkorper, but Nary said of courso it wasn't himself that waB parti cular, only hia customers wero gottin' nine extraordinary about a man's moral oharactor. Ae a lust hope Stephen went up to Cleave Kinley, who had land, and asked for a croft of five acres that ran down to tho beach of Port- y-Vullhv ' Nothing easier,1' said Kinley, ' but I must have £6 for it,' beginning half- quarter day ' Tho rent was high, but Stephen agreed to it, and promiBed to go again tho following day to eeal hiB bargain. Stephen wan prompt to his engagement, but Kinley had gone on tho mountains after some sheep. Stephen waited, and four hours later Kinloy returned, looting abashed but dogged, and saying he musthavo gcod security or a year's rent down. Stoj hen went buok home with his hoadideop' in his breast, ^guin the tvonun aiw ' liiiri'' cominir. again ehe studitd hin' faoo, and again ehe laughed in her newt. '-. ?') '? ??' \ ' ' ''Bo will i.jt his hnnd to mo,' she thought, ' and then wo shall i-ee.' ' ?' ; But he eeemed to leud her purpdBO, and do' termincd todofout it She might ^tarvo hini, horself, und their child, but the lovengo shohad set. her mind upon the i-hould not have. ; . Yet to live wilh hnr nnd to contain himself nt every brutal nut or bcactial woi d wus more, thnn he could irutt hiuiself to do, and hii do-, termined to fly away. Let it be any whore — : anywhere, if only out of the torture of hor' presence. Ono pluco wan liku another in Man, far go ?where hs v/ould ti ihiv curner oi tho iBlnnd, there Bhe would snrely follow him. . Old Tburston Ooobrngh, of JlaU.oreggan, pave him work at draining u flood, d mead -w. It wob bl.ivery that no other Christian mnn would do, but for a month Stephen Orry worked up to his u aist in wutor, and livod on. barley bieud and porridge. At tho end of his job ho had 3Cs. fnved, uud with this mouuy iu his pocket and ilioobildiu hid arms, he hurried down to thoharbotir utRumaty, whoroaa Irish ptokit lay ready to sail., CoiJd he l.iiVBft puH?ago to Irplaud? iCer tainly hu could, but where* was his lioauno V ' Stephen, piry,l«.i iibver heard until thon thiit hefoif Rinnf.vciuld'leiivo tho Mu of Mnn he muhl hold ii liceu'en permitti;-or him to.rfo |ra. ' Go to the High Bailiff,'' said the . captain of the packet; and to thu high bailiff Stophen Orry went. ' ' '''.''' ' ' 'I come for a license to go away into Ire land,' he faid. .- ':' 'Very abed. But where is your wife ?' said tho High Bailiff. 'Are \ on leaving her behind you to be a burden on the parish ?' At that Stephm's heart sank, for ho saw that his toil had been wnpted. atid that his BaviugB were worthlcps. Doomed ho was for all his weary doys to livo with the woman who hated him. He was bound to her, he wag leashed to her, nnd te mutt ro begrimed and bedruggled to the dregp of life with her. So he went buok home, and hid bis monoy iu a hole in tho thatnh of tho roof, thnt the touoh of it might vex his mtniciy no more. And then it flashed upon him that what ho was now stfftring from this woman was after all ro move thnn the complement and counter part of what linchel hud suffered from him in the j ears bchiid them. It was juet— yes, it wiib just— and because ho was a mau and Rachel awnmnn, it was less than he deserved. So thinking, he Fat himBelf dewn in hiB misery with resignation if not content, vowing, never to lift hiB hntd to the woman, however tor mented, und never to lea^o hor, however tempted. And when one night after a Btorm an open beat came ashore, ho tooK it and used it to fith with, and thus ho lived aud thus ho wore away hiB wretched days. And yet he could never have borne hia pnnithnicnt but for tho sweot solace of his child. ItwBf tto flower in Inn dungeon, the bird at its burs. Since thnt bad night, when his secret bad hurtt from him, ho had nursed it, and cherished it, and done for it its many tender ofliceB. Every day he had ftoftened its oatcake in his broth, and lifted the barley out of his own bowl into tho child's basin. In Bummer ho had stripped off shoes aud stock ings to batho the little ankles in the bay, and iu winter he had wrapped tho ohild in his jucket and pone bi.re-nriued. It was now four years old and went everywhere with Stephen, nstrido en his lrond bank or porohed on his high Ehoulders. Ho had christened it Michael, but became it* ong wi-vy hair grow to be of the colour of the sun hi! called it, after tho manner of Lis people, Sunlonks And like the sun it waB in that hut in lJort -y -Vallin, for when it awoke_ th«r« was a glint of rosy light, and \\(hen it sVpt ah was gloom. He taugl.t it to ppouk : his nativn Icelandic tongue, and tho woman, who found puerj - thing evil that Stephen did. f.mnd this a barrier between her and the ohild. It wns on'y inhin ignor-iuce that ho dii it. Buu oh, strange destiny, thut out of tho f.ither'a -jtnoi'.iaco was to stiipn 11ih child's witdoin iu thu da.yB that were tooomo! And little Stmlooks was eyes mid ears to Stephen, and hope to bis crushed spirit mid in telligence to bis Mow mind. At fight of the child the vacant look would dio uivi»y from Stephen's facti ; at play wilh him Stophou's great hulking legs would run hither nnd thither in ready willingness ; and at hearing his strange questions, his wondrous nnswor.s. his pretty ch:ver tayingp, Stephen's poor,. dense wit would uoern to stand agape. Oh, little Sunlocks rlit!lo SunlooVs— floating Uke tho uaydnwn into this , lone man's prison house, how , soon was your glad' light to bo overeppt! For all at once it smote Stephen like a blow on the bruin- that though it was right thnt ho should, livo with tho woman, ynt itwnsnn awful .thing that thu child should continue to do to. Growing up in Biioh au atmuBpliero, with such an example always pra pent to his eyes, whut would tho child buiiomo? Poured, saddened, perhaps cunning, porhupe malicious; at least adapting hiineolf, as his father hud done boforo him, to tho nir ho had to biealho. And thinking tbnt littlo Sun loeks, now so Bwcet, so sunny, po artless, bo innocent, mu-t como to this, all the gull of Stephen Oriy's fate rose to hia throat again. ... What could ho do ? Take littlo Sunlooks a-voy ? That was impossible, for ho could not take timtelf nwny. Why hnd tho ohild been born?; Why had he not died? Wouldnottho good God tuko him baok to Himself oven now, in all tho fwielneps of his childhood ? No, no, no, not that cithir ; and yet, yes, yes, yes ! Stephen's poor slow bruin struggled long with this thought, und at length a strange and solemn idea took hold ci it. Little Suulocks mnBt die, and he must kill him. . Stephen Orry did not wrigf-lo with his oon. Bcience, or if he cozened it at ail, ho made him self beliovod thut it would not be sin, but f acrifice, to part with tho thing ho hold clearest in tho world. Littlo Sunlooks wnB hiB life, but littJe'Sunlocks must die! Bettor, botFor, hotter ho ! _ And having thus determined, he went cau tiouply, and even cunningly to work. When the litilo one hud disappeared, he himself would never bo miBpeotod, for all the island would pay he loved it too tenderly to do it a wrong, nnd he would tell everybody that he had taken it to some old body in the t-outh who had wished to adopt a child. So with Sunlooks laughing and crowing i.etride his shoulder, he oulled at Kuuo Wade's houfo on Ballure one day. and told Budget how he should miss tho littlo ohup, for Sunlocks wob going down to the Calf very Boon, and would not come home again for a long time, prrhaps not for many a year, p'thaua cot until h» was a big dip of a lad, and, m.iyba — who could tell ? — he would never come baok at all. Thus he laid hia plans, but even when they wero complete, ho could not bring himself to carry tin m through, until one day going up from tho beach to tell a basket of oruhs uud eelp. he found Liza drinking at the Hibernian How she cnnie by the money was nt first his surpiitre, for Nary Crowe had long abandoned her ; and having bitter knowledge of the way she bad onco spent his earnings, ho himself gnvo her nothing now But suddenly a dark thought came, amd ho hurried home, thrust his hand into tho tbutoh where ho had hiddoa his savings nnd fouid the pluco empty. Tiiat was the day to do it, ho thought ; nnd ho took littlu Sunlocks and washed his chubby face, and combed bin yellow hair, ourlingit over hip own great urideft fingers, und put; hia best olothee ou him— the white ootton pinafore and the red -Heated cup, and the bluo etcokings frenhly -darned. This be did that ho might comfort the child for tho luf-t time, or d also thut ho might ro member him at his bei-t. And littlo Sunlooks, in high glos at auch bupy preparations, laughed much und chat tered Icng, Ui- liing many questions. 'Whoreare we going, lather? Out? Eh? Where f' 'Wo'l! sre, little Sunlooku; we'll see.' ' But where ? Churoh ? What day is this ?' ' The lust, littlo Sunlocks ; tho luet.' ' Ob, I know— Sunday.' When nil wua ready, Stephen lifted the ohild to the old pcich across his uhouldere, and made for the chore. His boat whb 1) ing aground there ; ho pushed it adrift, lifted tho ohihl into it, and leapt after him. Then, taking tho onre, he pnl'ed out for Maughold Head. Little Sunlocks had never befn out in tho bout before, nod everything wua a wonder und delicht to him. ??-.' ' Tou'snid you would take mo on the wator seme day. Didn't jou father f' '? Y^^, little Sunlooks, yes.' It was evening, hnd tho sun was Binkinz be hind the land, vtry largo and red in its setting. . 'Dp the Bun fair down pve'y day, 'fnthsr?' 'It s»jts, little .''inlookaiit sets ' ' '' ', ' What 13 Bets f? .. '.?''?? ?'-. ,; '.:,:: ; '' -; ' 'Dieti'' ' '??' :.'' ' '?'? '''?-? t.~ ? ?? ...Oh:» ?' ;.-? ?? ?????': ? ? '»f ?-?*'.--. , ..„.., Tbe waters lay aH'oep under tHoT soft red glow, atd over th'm tho i-ea foWrwero Siiliogi, ' Why ar«j the white birds Hu'oaWinij'i1'; '' 'Msyle th-yio culliig their1 joting, little Snnlocke.' , '. :i. '?'''— \ ,' ( ? Jit was late (?pring, nnd on tho headland tho sheep wero bleating. , :?'?' ' -' !;: ! . i.. '?Look at the baby one— ajvay, away tup ?yonder. What's it doing tber.i by itself en tha 'ock, and o'ying, and o'yiig, and o'ying'?': ???'' ' Maybo it's lost, little Sunlooks.' '?'?'?? ' ' ' Then why doesn't aum-.body go and tell its father?' ? And the innooent face wax full of trouble . The run went down, the twilight dtepmed, tho air grew chill, the waters bliok, and Stephen wua etill pulling D.und tho heid. - . 'Father, where does the night uo when we aio aBleop?' ...'-, ' T.i tte other'world, little Sunlooktt.' 'Oh, Ikiniw — hunveu.'^' . ? H'ephen stripped off hN ' wuermey and wrapped it nbont tho ohilil. Hiu ey.es -th»ne brightly, his mouth was paroaed, but lit*, did. niitflim'h. All thoughts,' eiiva oiio thought, liacl faded from hi» view: ' ' ' ' Ah he came by Pc.it Mopar tho. moon toae, ' and about tho iHst time the light appeared on Point'- if Ayie. A : littlo ' littt'r' h« -a\v the twinilo;of lots lightB 'to' thi'south.' ,They '«:iio the lights of Lu.xey, ' where nwny hnppy children gladdened njany hiippy firn-id'es. I He looked mound. There wus not u mil in sight, ? ? and not a t-ound cume to his eur over tho low muimurof the sea's' pintle swell. 'Now is time,' ho thought. _ He put iu his oars and the boat begun to orift. ? But no, he could ? not louk , into tho child' 6 eyes and do it The little one. »puld sleep noou, and thm it would bo eufier liouo. So ho took him in his urine ur.d wrapped him in a piece of snil cloth. , -. ','.'?. . . ; . . '-..? 'Shut your eyes and sleep.; little Sunlobks ' ' I'm not sleepy, I'm not.' ... ; , . . , Yet soon Iho jiltlo lids fell, opened agiin and fell once moro, and then suddenly the child blnrtcd up. ?',..:.. ? : ' But I haven't snid my p'ayers' ? '.' ' Sny thorn now, little SunlocliB,'' ?:'??' ' Gentle Jesus, meek und rnilil, . : Look ution a little chil J, Guard me while in sleep I lie. Take mo to Thy homo on— on ? ' ' Would you like to go to heaven, little Sun locks?' 'No.' ..-??.???; 'Why not?' ' I want to keep wifh— with— my fath ? ' Tho little oycB were eloaea by this time, and tho child was asleep on Stephen's knees. Now wan tho time — now — now. But no, it wus harder now than ever. The little f nee— eo silent, so peaceful — how formidable it was ! The littlo soit h'md in hia own, big h'rd palm — how btrong und teniblo ! Stephen looked down at the child, and his bowels yearned over it. It: coBt him a iitrugglo not to kiea it ; but nc— that would only make thn tnsk harder. Suddenly a new thought smote him. Whnt had this child done thut he should take its life?; Who was he that ho ,-hould rob it of what ho could never give it again? By whitt rig'it did he dt,re to come between this living pu'ul alul hf-aveu? When did the Almighty God' toll him what tlw wftor life of this baba wa-to bt- ? Stephen trembkd at the thought. Ii was liko avoico. fiom the tkies calling on 1dm to stop, and a hand reaching out of them to bu,tti:h the chihi fiom bin grasp. v What hu had intended to do W38 no; to ho ! Heuv. n bud eel its faco i gamut it ! Littlo Suulucka was not to dio ! Little Suulocks viit- 'to. live! Thank God ! Oh !. thaulc Hod !: , ; But latu that nitrht a group of pople. stand ing aV tlic-ii- doirs (in tho bonch &t; Port Litgiie saw u tall mnn in his shii't nkoves go by iu lh-.i darkucts, with e. Bleeping child in his arms. Tho « im wub Stephen Orry, a-.dlio was sobbing likn a v Oman whose heart is biokcn. Clio child wus lit le Sunlockd, and ho wua being, car riid bui'k to his mothei's homo.; , . ! The people hailed Skphon und told him that a foreigner . from a1 nhip in the buy had been asking ior him that. oyeniug, They hud; sent; the* muu along to Port- y-Vul'in. ; ? Stephen h-irried homo with fp ir at bis heart. In. five uiinuiup ho wub the.ro, and thnu his lifu's blood ran cold. Hn found the houtfo empiy, except for hi-, wife, und shv lny out-itrttched ou tlo floor. Shu was cold— .sho was doid ; und in clay, oii' tho wall ab'ovo her head, tliuso' words wer-) written iu thn Icelandic tongue, ' So is Putriukceii avurgod.' ; A^eugoil! ?'.' Oh, powers of Heaven, that drive the petty pns.-ions of men liko duat before you ! ???-?.??????????'?' ? ?? ? ; (To he continued.) 