ST. JOSEPH'S CHURCH. COLERAINE. OPENING OF THE NEW BUILDING. SERMON BY PRIOR BUTLER. The visitor to Coler&ioe; who has been ac- qa&ioted; with the town in the put will observe, while driving down the hul, on the Hamilton road, from which ench an excelleot view of the compact little settlement is ob- tained- that a very creditable addition has been made to its architecture. Situated on a gentle slope at the south side of tbe town is upreared the handsome edifice which ba6 been bailt by the Catholics of tbe Coleraine district for the honour and glory of God and in commemoration of St. Joseph." For many years the faithful had worshipped in a squat Utile building down in the bottom of the picturesque valley which the town oc cupies. Originally this was, no donbt, satficicntfor the accommodation of those who established tbe Coleraine church, but for some time past it has been wholly inadequate for the purposes of the large ana always ex tending congregation. To direct attention to this fact, and to proclaim that their church building was unworthy of the people, was one of the first things that the Rev. tf. J. Shanahan did when he came to the parish of Hamilton — of which Coleraine is a part — about three years aeo. Nor had the rev. gentleman to speak twice. A meeting of the congregation was held at once, and a committee appointed for the purpose of taking measures for the building of a new church. Subscription lists were opened, and the first appeal made was met with a most liberal response from both Catholics and Protestants of Goleraine and its surround- lUte, riX IM4441 (uuunoi; OUU « WU MUV- : sequent! announced that about £1300 was available for tbe object held in view. It was felt that the old site was onsortabla for the proposed new building, aod a piece of land on what is locally called "church hill," in the vicinity of the Anglican, Presbyterian and Wesleyan churches, was purchased from the Government. Ia May last year we re ported tbe tayiog of the memorial stone by the energetic pastor, who was untiring in his efforts to keep alive the interest be had generated. On that occasion a sermon was preached by the V eiy Rev. Prior Bntler, and the offerings at tbe stone were of a most liberal character. The contract for the work had been let to Mr. George Rowe, of Hamilton, who has since completed to the perfect satisfaction of tbe committee a very handsome building designed by Mr. H. Koho, of Merino. The new church is in the Gothic style of architecture and is con structed of brick, resting on Tahara blue- atone foundations, the latter being placed on a deep bed of concrete. The bnilding is 66 feet long by 28 feet in width ; tbe walls are 20 feet in height and from floor to ridge there is a clear space of about 40 feet. The walls are supported by buttresses of brick on tbe outside and the whole of the masonry and brick-work is handsomely "pointed " in white making tbe effect light and pretty. There are five windows on each side and an especially large and handsome one in front, therefore there is nothing of tbe "dim re ligious light " about the interior of the church-Hin the contrary, the building is thoroughly well lighted and ventilated. Tbe roof is of slate, and ten louvres placed in it form valuable features to the ventilation arrangements. The interior of the church is plastered and the gables arc surmounted by crosses, this part of the work baring been carried out by Mr. Hodge. The carpenters work, ceiling, flooring, doors, etc., was done by Mr. E. Barton, and is most neatly tinished. At the north-east angle of the building is a tower which .has been carried to a height of 30 feet, and in the fature it is proposed to extend it to SO feet ; it now con tains four wiadows, of cathedr&I; glass. The ceiling and principals were stained or var nished by Messrs. Greed and Sons, who also prettily grained the double doors, two in number, viz 4 tbe main entrance door aod one on tbe west side. At this point we may mention a piecs of vandalism for which it would be difficult to find a parallel. It ap pears that just after Mr. Greed had com pleted his work some miscreant took &u; op portunity for smearing one of the doors all over with coal tar, and for also i describing crosses in the material mentioned on the new plaster work around the head of the foundations. Prior Butler in his sermon on Sunday scouted the idea of the human race being simply a superior description of apes. In view of what we have meotioned perhaps even he would admit that there are exceptions to the role, and that some creatures in human form are not up ti the 1 level of an ordinary intelligent monkey that has been trained tobehave itself. En passant, let cs say we hope the perpetrators of a dastardly oat rage will be discovered and severely punished. The buildiog aa it now stands will serve every requirement for many years to oome, and, with tbe exception that the tower is dwarfed, it looks complete. Provision has, however, been for adding a chancel when required, and also for bnilding a sacrsity. The interior fittings are worthy of the church. The altar was madeat Mount Gambier,andit was painted and other wise adorned by the nuns of the convent in that town. It is simply a work of high art and one of the most chaste and beautiful of There are three panels forming the back ground ; on the right is represented the figure of the Virgin Mary, (after Muiillo'e famous work Hie Assumption ") on the left ie a picture of St. Joseph bearing in hie arms the Holy child, while on the centre panel is repre sented the Sacred Heart. The appointments of the altar are correspondingly beaatifuLand the tout ensemble very striking. New pictures representing fee " Stations of the Cross r- have been provided for fee church, and these are also generally admired by all who see them. These pictures and many of the altar appointments were presented by the ladies of the congregation, one lady pro viding tbe handsome carpet — an item of about £30. The church is provided wife en tirely new pews neatly made by Mr. T. Williams, of Hamilton. The cost of fee building and appointments is about £2100. Sunday last was appointed for fee dedica tion and opening, and the Right Rer. Dr. Moore, Bishop of the diocese of Baliarat, at tended to perform these interesting cere monies. The Bishop was accompanied by the Very Uev. Prior Butler. O.C.C., who was announced to preach fee dedication sermon. As might be expected, there was a large gathering on the occasion, not only of Catholics but of members of all other de nominations, among those present bring many visitors fropi Hamilton and Casterton and some from other parts of the district. Shortly after 11 o'clock the Bishop, attended by the Revs. Bntler and Shanahan, com menced the ceremony of dedication, march ing around the bnilding and sprinkling fee walls with holy water. The clergy then entered the church and completed the cere- rnouy, after which the laity werepermlttedto enter. Admission was by ticket, fee price of which was 5s, but this did not prevent fee crowding of tbe church even to excess. 'A number of people were unable to find' seats and were glad' to avail themselves of the- standing room provided. The Rev. M. J. Shanahan celebrated Mass, coram, episcopo, and the choir of St. Marv'a Church. Hamil- ton, rendered fee incidental music. Tbe choir consisted on tbe occasion of Miss Rigby (soprano) conductor ; Mrs. Crowley and Misses Lynch and Latnphier, BopranoB ; Misses L. Lamphicr, Campbell, Owens and Finnigan, altos ; and Messrs. Avendoph and Reilly (2) bassos. Miss Avendoph presided at a cabinet oigan kindly , lent by Dr. Con nor. The Kyrie, Credo and Agnus Dei were . from Webber's, and fee Gloria and Sattcteu from Webb's Mass, both in G. The want of tenor voices was very much felt, bnt fee rendition of the music was, under fee cir cumstances, very creditable, and Miss Rigby is to be congratulated pn -the measnre of success she -has achieved in a very short period in training beginners to sing most difficult music. We shall not deal with fee singing in detail further than to say- that Mra. Crowley 'a rendering of fee soprano portions of the' Ejrnfe wert Tesphriffly food;' while fee Agnus Dei,' in which Miss stgtfy pleasingly snng tbe opening contralto solo, ; and Miss Kennedy vivaciously took up fee. /"Soprano at Donx nobis piuxtrt, woulOiave . been excellent throughout had not . some of t tue altoa got rather flat in the fina! chorea. Miss Rigby sang at fee opening of fee-pro ceedings -the writ known number 'f Consider the -lanes, "and atthe close Mr. Avendoph' oootribntedaiMlo entitled « Sweet Saviour Bless Us Ere we Go." iri f At fee conclusion nf fee Mass, .fee Very. Rev, Prior Bntjer c»me. Jorward torpapb the dedication Berinoh. He commeheed. by $srfonn«A'>y Christ uHnSfbet preaching i Based on this, the very rer. gentleman gave ' a lengthy, "highly "interesting and philo sophical address on the subject of miracles. He said that he desired to call their atten tion that day to fee question of miracles in their connection wife revelations made by God to man; God had at virions timesnade known f to . man truths ; wbiph, tjgough often above reason, ' were not contrary to reason. It was absolutely certain feat God had giren revelations to man and men knew these revelations through reason. When they saw a building complete in all its parts they at once came to the con clusion that it had been erected by human hands ; and although they had not seen the workmen actually engaged, they knew feat tbe structure declared fee certainty of human hands having been employed in its construction. And ' so similarly in many ways had God declared himself to man God had spoken at various times, thongh they did not either see or hear him ; yet from time immemorial, from the earliest ages up to fee present moment, God had made himself manifest -and bad declared the duly of man tdwSrfls Hiinsel, , aiid each man's duty towards his frilow man. It was as certain as that there was a God that God had spoken to man. These messages which God had delivered to man and the revela tions that the Almighty had made to his creatures were snch that they could bring their reason to bear upon them. Reason must be employed upon them and they were called upon to examine them ' rigorously. The doctrine feat came from God most be sub mitted to fee test of reason, and reason was the touchstone by which it was to be ex amined. Bnt it was a very difficult test ; and there were very few who had tbe mental power or fee requisite knowledge to properly examine the -g mumeness of fee proof, or to judge of fee internal evidence on which this doctrine of revelation was based. It was most difficult for men to in vestigate fee internal proofs they bad of miracles and by these alone to determine their genuineness or otherwise. Bnt not withstanding this difficulty, there were persons outside the Catholic Church who were content to rest upon their own con ceptions and who did not hesitate to define what were fee messages of God to man, and who relied also upon their own inspiration to define the meaning of these messages. Yet, it followed as a consequence of what he had said that as God had un doubted!)- spoken to man it was therefore absolntely necessary that they should be able to define and accept fee message of re velation as coming from God. Tbe revela tions of God to man were often made known through fee means of miracles, and it was to those feat he intended to direct their special attention that day. A miracle was a proof of divine revelation ; it was an indisputable message of Goi to man. If he received a decree from His Holiness the Pope, bearing tbe signatures and other marks which showed it to be a really genuine document, be would accept it as from His Holiness : so in tbe same manner if he got a message from God stamped wife fee authority of a miracle he would accept it as a revelation from above. True there bad been forged documents, bat the forgeries were found out. But on the very threshold of this question they were met by men who might be divided into two principal classes, one who questioned the possibility of miracles, and those who doubted fee pro- denied fee existence of miracles sbnt himself oat of Christianity, and he who donbted the possibility of them conld hardly lay claim to be a Christian. He knew that there were a large number of professed Christians outside tbe Catholic church who denied fee proba bility of miracles. And whence arose this error of denying the probability or possi bility of miracles 1 The answer was to be fonnd in fee wonderful progress that had been made daring the past few years in all the physical sciences. The progress of phy sical science had absorbed fee minds of many men of great distinction and ability. One man took np a par ticular study, and in this pursuit be so engrossed himself as to only develop one of his intellectual facilities. Tbe mind became so concentrated on this one theme that the person became like an individual who fixes his attention for a time on tbe sun, and when he withdrew from that mew be can see nothing bnt fee sun for some time. So it was wife physical science; tbe student of that science, whatever it might be, saw nothing bnt the physical world ; he saw no higher law ; he acknowledged nothing bnt nature's laws ; altogether forgetting that there was a higher law which governed the physical universe and directed all physical science. Absorbed in his pursuit of natural pbenomena.be forgot nature's God. At the present moment outside the Catholic Church there were a number of leaders of Christian thought who regarded with wonder the discoveries of modern science, and were con tinually in dread that some new discovery might be made that would give a death blow to Christianity itself. That feat was really tbe condition of a number of people could be gathered even -from an article that appeared in one of their leading jonrnals only on the previous day, and in which the writer supposed that the church of God had been asleep and had only suddenly awoke to a knowledge of modern science, or to a due appreciation of modern luew. jju«> iiuuicr iuuuciu piQgtcw uui scientific discoveries conld affect the Church of Christ; science could not alter fee charac ter of faith ; the Chnrch of Jesns Christ was bnQt on a solid and enduring foundation. The man who denied fee possibility of miracles forgot that there were laws besides those which regulated the physical universe. There were phenomena in nature, bat above these there were fee morA laws which were given to man to direct him in all his duties. This moral law, unlike fee physical law conld not be felt or touched ; the moral law, however, existed, directing man as to fee nature of his duty ; it was acknowledged in the voice of every man's conscience, telling him to do what was right and to avoid what was eviL It was another question as to the cansc of the moral law's existence ; that it did exist was a matter of fact. The moral' law brought man into intimate relation with fee Supreme Being, yet it conld not be seen by fee eyes nor touched by the hands. He would , ask them to consider fee destiny of man. What was he sent into this world for ? What did those outside Christianity— agnostics, or by whatever name they called themselves — what did they propose to give them as a sub stitute for their faith in Christ ! They shonld examine that question, ' because it was a most important one. It was a matter of small consequence as to a man's wealth hereoras to his great learning if there was no hereafter. The question for them to deride was whether they were destined for this world or for another and a" brighter! Was there to-be' no more of a man when he died than there was of fee brute of fee field ? Was he to be like fee tree of/ fee forest that flourished, and died adtd no. morc:tlr ought of or accounted for? Were they to be led by so-called philosophers who had discovered man to be 'onlyn-mort of intellectual brntemnd foriive asifffeete were '-no fotdi-e® Men-knew' by the teaching ofthe mdfadlawthd feeheiwas a world other than feat which at present existed, and it therefore Followed that as tlrev knew their destiov feev shonld learn what were the means for obtaining fee end ' "for which thej bad been created. Let them look intofeeir own hearta and "there they would find monitors to direct them. Reason told them that they had been made for God, and that being so, what did it profit them if feey bad studied all fee physical daws; like a Plato, if these laws brought them no nearer to their creator ? -The philosopher will tell feemthat fee laws of nature are immutable. But feey should not accept the, dictom of snch philosophers. Tbe great Bring who impressed fee physical laws on the world mieht have a good reason for sns- . pendhojfefem, and provision fbrtlns very snspehriop was no doubt made by an all-wise God from the very beginning. In fee case, of Lazarus, who was ntedfrom fee dead, fee physical laws were oqpnri. The Master of these laws said feey should UEhauged, !Sa|f6 teltered to carry ont a Wise design. St. Thomas had defined ia miracle to be an extraordinary act done by .God other than Jby. fee order of nature. JFor mBtanc4"."bheiiiase-he had-ref erred to .Where a dead man was brought to life was a miracle. 'A miracle most & stamped wife" troth aa it was performed by TDririh itself. It feast have ntrfncangrnito.-' No one could ever ifealte two arid "two five, mor etrtdd a- irirefetmnudefequace;' A mirade imnst be feogrfxlble bj" reason. 'The'tbwof tettraq-l fern and repnlsion oodld be controlled and, -altered bjfeeJdsterrhand feat set therp; In force. "These laivs were impressed upon' fee nniveijeby the -Creator sndfee same: ifiakd couMtehange febm, bcneeifeBre was: fibthingln'ieason ngsfott hdietfag toiraiJas to-be bofePG3rih and probable. -Some fee alleged occurrences had been proved -to be false, but that was mo argument feat "Miirlnfi bad not been performed. -.They must examine miracles and nee feat feey contained fee essential conditions of troth. Christ performed a miracle to save the people by feeding thousands <4 them on five barley loaves and a few fishes. He worked a miracle when he walked on fee waters ; and He was : pleased to perform another when sailing on fee . lake a storm arose and he at once commanded the wind and fee waves to be stilL Christ had performed a miracle when Simon put down bis net at his command and he drew forth his net so foil of fish feat it was broken bnt that miracle like every other nurerie he had performed, and which were all links in one grtat chain for a Divine purpose, bad an object in riew besides fee immediate one of rewarding fee fishermen for their labours. He told the fishermen that -He would make them in fature fishers of men." Peter formed fee connecting link wife them and their divine Master. The chnrch was bnilt npon Peter, . who was Bent forth to teich all nations. And Christ bad promised to be wife the chnrch for all times. He did not nor conld not err. Toe chnrch was fee net within which Peter and his successors were to catch men, as the fish had been caught in the lake — fee good and fee bad alike, the sorting ont would take place afterwards. She had divine revelation and fee taught it under fee guidance of fee Holy Spirit. It was her right to teach all nations. They heard her voice and it was the voice of an infallible guide. They were not afraid of fee teaching of scientists orof so-called phil osophers. Confident in the divine promises, joined to the chair of Peter, feey heeded not the progress of modem scientific ideas nor Hie ecer.chancrincr cnirit nf the nnfaade vrnrl J of religious thought. They were in fee bark of Peter, and thongh the storm might rage and fee winds of adversity might seem to be about to overcome them, still feey could entertain fee confident hope feat fee bark in which they were wonld safely ride ont the storm. The Apostles were poor humble fishermen, and their successor fest day at the helm of fee bark of Peter thongh old was yet strong and would guide her safely through all difficulties. He rejoiced at seeing such a beautiful church opened that day in Coleraine. It showed feat fee faith taught by Peter was as strong now as it was two thousand years ago. He congratulated them and their zealous pastor on having snch a splendid building, and be was pleased to find that the Citholics had been considerably aided by others, -who though not of ferir fold be trusted were in spirit of the Church of Christ. He wished them every prosperity, and he prayed feat their children would continue to spread the faith of Peter, which was founded by Jesus Christ. A collection in aid of fee bnilding fund was then taken up by Father Shanahan in person, the result being highly satisfactory, the amount received, incloding fee ad mittance fees, bring about £230. We under stand that fee balance which remains to be raised to pnt the church out of debt is only about £300. The members of fee committee were then presented to fee Bishop, and Mr. J. F. virby made an address. He said that -on behalf of his colleagues and himself he de sired to welcome His Lordship to Coleraine on an occasion so auspicious, and to thank bim for coming there to bless fee church of which feey were all so proud. For many years fee Catholics of that district had frit feat feey were behind other denominations ; now he hoped they might be permitted to say that feey were equal to, if not in ad vance of them. He acknowledged the kindly help giren by members of other churches. He took that opportunity of expressing to fee Bishop their high appreciation of tbe efforts th latter had pnt forth dnring his re cent visit to Enrope in fee cause of educa tion. Catholic parents had in the past great difficulty in providing for the education of their children within fee diocese, bat this difficulty was removed through the intro duction by the Bishop of sisters of the Order ofthe Holy Ghost and tbe establishment of schools under their management. For this ferir thanks were due to His Lordship; and they desired to express them. Dr. Moore, in replying, disclaimed any credit for what he had done in fee cause of education, and said that the interests of tbe diocese were always well looked after be cause of the zeal and Energy of the working priests and fee unfailing generosity of the people. He congratulated their pastor and themselves upon the successful accomplish ment of their great work, and expressed his pleasure at being there to perform fee ceremony of dedicating and opening that beaotifol church. Their expressions of welcome need scarcely have been made for he always felt that the welcome the people of the parish of Hamilton accorded to-lum was a hearty one." Y et he thanked them for ferir kindly words, and expressed fee hope that the spirit of charity would continue to grow amongst them and feat the chnrch opened feat day wonld be a blessing to them and to generations to come. The Bishop then ascended fee altar, fee congregation knelt, and he pronounced fee pontifical benediction. Thus ended the in teresting proceedings which had extended over three hours. 