| THE BENDIGO ADVERTISER (PUBLISHED DAILY.) riLOUKECUIO?, our. IU011TS, AND OUR HES0UHCE3. SANDHURST, FRIDAY, MAY 24, 1SS9 THE QUEEN'S BIBTHDAY. TO-DAY Her Majesty Queen Victoria will enter upon tho 71st year of her lifo, and tho event will be celebrated throughout the British dominions by millions of loyal sub jects. On the 21st of aext month it will bo two years since the Queen completed the 50th year of her reign over tho great empire which, since her accession to the throne, has made such wonderful strides. Her Majesty will, therefore, have been 52 years Queen on tho 21st of June next. To the great majority- of tho human race this period is mora than a lifetime, and tho number of persona in tho nation who re member the 21st -of Juno, 1837, is ex ceedingly limited whoa compared with the entiro population. During tho £2 yoarn which have elapsed since Her Majesty came to the throne there have been great changes and many wonderful discoveries. The romarkablo progress of our own colony which beurs her name is contained within tho period mentioned. In 1819, when the Queen was born, little was known of this portion of the Australian continent. In March 1846, nine years after Her Majesty ascended tho thronu the population of yjy. torin, or as it was then known, Port Phillip, was 32,875. To-day it, is e timated at j 1,030,000, and Melbourne ivhich ranks j as the eighth city in the British oinpire, contains a population estimated at 400,000. This rapid increase in j population is looked upon as unique in tho world's history., and ir.dicates.wonder ful progress and development of resources. Tho country over which no European had trod half a century ago is hot traversed by i the iron lior.se in all directions, and leaving the confines "[ Victoria, within the lss.t j month liad been cliro.sicied the cmiueetioji ut | the four cities Adelaide, Melbourne, ; ! Sydney, and Brisbane, by means of the | railway, the last 'link in the steel bond:* having been accomplished by the completion 1 of the Hawkesbury bridge, one of tho greatest featu of modern engineering, | It fits beer), tho lot of very few monarch to reign for a longer period that 52 years. Of the two in English history, George III was imbecile long beforo his long career of GO years as ruler was closed by death, and it cannot be claimed on beliali of him or of Henry III who reigned for 56 years, that they left behind them so good a record as that of the Queen who to-day completes her 70th year amidat the rejoicings of a great nation. Queen Victoria was born four years after the battle of Waterloo was decided, and in the 70 years which have elapsed since that event, a perfect revolution has been effected in the art of warfare. In the war of the futuro, the brilliant dashes of the French Lancers and Cuirassiers which distinguished Wateiloo will be impossible, the improve ments in modern gunnery, and the part which science is destined to play, necessitat ing entirely different tactics by the contend ing parties. During the last few years the peaceful reign of Queen Victoria since the Crimean war of 1854-5, has frequently been threatened with disturbance, but happily, with the exception of wr.rs such as thoso in Egypt, Afghanistan, and Burmali, the nation has not been called upon to take part in any conflict. That the closing years of her life may bo years of peace, so far a3 the mighty dominion over which she reigns is concerned, should be the wish of every subject. In the natural order of events Her Majesty must yield her crown before a far mightier Ruler than herself, but while she is still spared to the nation to exercise her great influence for good, wo trust we shall be able on succeeding anniversaries of her birth to exclaim with the great mass of her subjects, "God Save the Queen" under the samo peaceful circumstances as at present. THE GOVERNOR'S LEVEE.-The Acting-Gover nor, Sir William Robinson, will hold a grand levee at Government House to-day. The Mayor of Sandhurst (i. r. Colin) will be amongst the visitors who will pay their respects to Her Majesty's representative. TIIE SANDHURST TRAMWAYS.-Mr. Ellson, of the firm of Booth, Ellson and Co., the pro moters of the Tramway Company, will arrive in Sandhurst by the first train on Wednesday morning to facilitate the commencement of the tramways. Mr. Ibison, the contractor, was in Sandhurst yesterday completing his arrange ments, and it is stated that a start will be made on Monday. The rails are expected to arrive at any moment, the local railway authorities having received the invoices of a portion of the consignment. Ax UNFOUNDED CHARGE.-Recently a woman was brought before the Eaglelmwk bench on a charge of lunacy. The medical gentlemen subpeened asserted that she was not ill such a sad state of mind that would require hei re moval to the hospital, and she was accordingly discharged. The charge, which was conse quently unfounded, has caused the accused some uneasiness, and in ordei to seek redress the matter has been placed in the hands, of a solicitor. SCHOOL OF MINES' FOUNDATION STONE ASD JIEAD TEACHERS.-We are informed by tho director of the School of Mines that his request to the Minister of Public Instruction that head teachers should be granted a whole holiday on the 29th inst. in honor of the occasion of the laying of the foundation stone of the new wing of that institution, has been complied with. All head teachers of state schools in Sandhurst proper will be able to accept the invitation of the council of the School of Mines to be present at the ceremony, the time fixed for which is an nounced by advertisement. CITY POLICE COURT.-Mr. A. Wyy-tt. P. fo., and Mr. J. C. Sump, ,T. P., attended the court yesterday morning. Mary Alexander, who made her 45th appearance, was charged with habitual drunkenness, and although pluuung to be sent to the asylum, was ordered to be lm prisoned for twelve months with hard ^bor !n the Sandhurst gaol. The tenant-inspector. Mr Sibley, proceeded against 27 parents for vlol'u}"S the compulsory clause, finoai ranging from '2a-C. to a £ being inflicted. A temporary license was granted to S. Freeman to sell liquor at the Mitiamo races to be held to-^ay. Two debt cases were dealt with, and the court adjourned. NEWSI'AI'KR POSTAGE.-The 1 ostal depart ment recently stopped 37 packets of newspapers for insufficient postage (remarks the Argus. ) They were afterwards forwarded to their desti nations, but the public are cautioned not to post any packets of pipers which do not bear one stamp for each piper, or detention and Ending of addresses will result. _ No OVERTIME ALLOWANCE.-'The following order has been issued bv the'district ttjiihe superintendent of the railways (states the Iple crapH V)-.-"Overtime to salaried oihceis. Please uote in future no overtime or expenses will be allowed stationmasters or other salaried officers when called upon to do extra duty in connexion with holiday, race or other^ addi tional traffic. The only caption to this r e ia -when one officer is required to do dpiible duty through the sickness of a fellow-omcei. When overtime has been worked, the particu lars are to be submitted to the traffic manager, and an extra allowance of leave will be con 81 THE Hhalth OF THE CITY.-Typhoid,and I scarlatina arc still very prevalent in the city I just now, and diphtheria is not absent from our midst either. This was confirmedI by?the re ! porta of the health officer submitted to the Local ! iioard of Health yestpnlay afternoon. That i officer furrished reports on no fewpr thtpi U| Cases of typhoid,12 of scarlatina,4 of diphthom, and one of scarlet fever, all since the first of the present month. These cses are scattered about all over tho oity such as Wattle-street, Bridge street, Long dully. Span'owliaw].; Gully, Happy Valley and Carpenter-street. pverv instauce the premises where the patients are, have been inspected by the health officer, who gave instructions for the im provement of the sanitary surroundings where defects were noticeable, and the residents have willingly complied with his orders. In one case of scarlatina the house M as situated ill an isolated and healthy spot and perlcetly free from sanitary defects. Tho circumstances ot this particular case led the doctor to express the opinion that the disease had been contracted by associating with children who had had the fever but were convalescent. Cr. Hayes paid a eompUmput to the health officer (Or. J. M. Uadie) far the or,ev-a^t}U and satisfactory way in which he was discharging his duties, and the feeling expressed by Cr. Hayes was reciprocated by every member of the board. Hie to\\\n clerk also pomplimented the city »"sPoct^ (Sergeaut l'ahey) upon plip assiduity displayed by him. RUMORED Misikg Acwiikst.-It was pa sistently rumored throughout tho city yesterday evening that a mining accident had happened at the old Hustler's mine. A reporter from this journal visited the mine last night, and ascertained that thero was no foundation what over for the rumor. " A Rkhe)(V SCTTl.lvMiCNT.-The various agents of thefjpj insur.iiicp HflrrflW'j!68;. sWlli* number, in whioh Mqs^s.' fanning and U> drapers, View Point, have ihetr stool; insured to the value of £10,000, mei at the premises yesterday, and an estimate having beou formed of the damage done by the recent fire, a settle ment was effected by Messrs. Manning and Co. accepting £250 for the ioss sustained, lhe in surance aeenta on behalf of the several com panies wartrly commended tho prompt action ot the employes of the firm by which a very heavy loss had been averted, and as a mark of their appreciation, gave £20 to -Air Manning to be distributed amongst them as he deemed best. The premises yyill bp re:opoiiod tq-morrow at 10 a.m., with a great salvage sals, flio danjagt) caused in the various departments by tire, smoke, and water is general, and purchasers should be able to secure a largo parcel from this JiiPgS an4 Well ussqrted stock at very satisfactory ^'sALE op qoUKTBY^ PROIIilVEV. Yesterday afternoon, at the "Victoria Hotel, Sandhurst, Messrs. Putnam and Jackson, under instruction!} from the lion.' Ihos.B and Mr. Jink, glfqrqd {or sMo thfl Estate, consisting of 4,200 acre!), situated cm tl!!> Loddon River. The highest bid was £1 W' acre, at which figure the land was passed in. A second lot of 427 acres 2G perches, m'the parishes of Tarnagulla and Woodstock, ^\as gold, on account of Mr. Bent, at £3 10s- Pc,r 'ejire, U-> Mr; Joseph Cocks. ... SAHDWUW Bailway EMPLOYES.'-.EASTER i (JiFT. -Last Raster tiff? .fja.^ljuwi pi.way em ployes set a noble exaiupio wbiMi I be followed in all cases where large-bodies o* workmen are employed. It was to make a sub scription amongst the whole of the railway ! employes, the sum thus raised to be handed over to the Bendigo Hospital as an Easter gift. I The movement was originated by.-Messrs. \y. ; F. Noonan and J. Binnie, _ and mainly | through the energy they displayed _ the handsome sum of £33 lis. 4d. was realised. All tho employes' gave generously what- they could afford, and blip result it must he ad mitte 1, is highly credit ihlo indeed,' Yesterday afternoon Messrs. Jfoonaij ?.ijrf Himilo3 In com pany with Mr. J. P. Kennedy, secretary of th" Easter Pair, waited on the mayor at the t.OH"ii Hall, and handed him a ehenuo foe theamount before mentioned, it heiug distinctly stipulated that tho money was to bo givou solely to the hospital. The railway men cannot ;be too highly commended for the jihilanchyopie i shown in tho movoment. It is contemplated to jnftliQ ft aj) wnwil i#ir» LAYING THH FOUNDATION STONE. - The foundation stone of the new "wing of the Bendigo School of Mines and Industries will be laid by the hon. 0. H. I?earson, Minister of Education, on Wednesday next at half-past one o'clock. All friends of "the institution and the citizens generally are invited to be present at the ceremony. MEMBERS OK PARI.IA.MEXT AND DEPUTATIONS. -The influence of members of Parliament is invariably, if not always sought by deputations wishing to obtain some concession from the Government, but the experience of the ex-pre sident of t.'.e Bendigo Miners' Association. (Mr. J. M'Kenzie) is that the presence of Parliamen tary representatives is not at all conducive to the success of the object in view. At least so he expressed himself at the miners' committee meeting last night. After narrating the cir cumstanccs attending the interview that the A.M.A. had with the Premier only a short time ago, and complaining of the garrulousness of a couple of Ms.P. Mr. M'Kenzie said that one of them eventually got into a wordy 'warfare with the Premier, and the deputation got nothing at all. " We cun do better without members of Parliament," said Mr. M'Kenzie, " \ve can explain the case ourselves, and it will be better for the association." SUDDEN DEATH.-Lust evening Mrs. Kirkby, wife of Mr. Joseph Kirkby, well-known under the "Verandah," expired rather suddenly at her residence, Eernal-street. She was con'ined about three weeks ago, when she was attended to by Dr. James Boyd. The dcccasod got well, and lmd been about for some days. Yesterday evening she was suddenly taken ill, and Dr. James Boyd was at once sent for, but before his arrival life was extinct. As the doctor had not been in attendance since her confinement, the matter was reported to the police, and a magis terial inquiry will be held to-day. THE GARSED-STF.EET DRAIN.-Mr. Bailes, M.L.A.,tooK advantage of the presence in Sand hurst yesterday of Mr. Lunt, Engineer of exist ing Railway lines, to obtain permission for the Sandhurst City Council to use gravel from the railway reserve in connection with the work of improving the large drain leading from the rail way to the Bendigo Creek at Charing Cross, This ia a concession which should be fully ap preciated by the council, as that body has at present a difficulty with the Government with regard to the procuring of gravel by their con tractors. BENDIGO EASTF.R FAIR.-In consequence of several accounts still outstanding preventing the winding up of the fair, the mayor, as chair man of the Easter Fair Committee, thinking that it would be better to hand over some of the proceeds to the charities at once, convened a meeting of the finance and executive committees, which was held at the Easter Fair office last evening. There was a good attendance, and it was resolved, on the motion of Mr. J. Reid, Shut £500 should be handed over to each insti tution as a Queen's Birthday gift. The idea of the mayor was a good one, and no doubt the committee of both institutions will be greatly pleased to have such a good proportion of the proceeds placed thus early at their disposal. AN IMPUDENT TRESPASSER. - About five o'clock yesterday afternoon nn elderly man, whilst in a half drunken state, entered the residence of a Mrs. Orchard, in Bull-street, just above the Sandhurst Hotel. He had opened the front door and walked through the passage to the bedroom door, when Mrs. Orchird saw him and demanded to know what he wanted. The intruder replied that he wanted a match, whereupon Mrs. Orchard at once ordered him out. He impudently refused to go, and Mrs. Orchard pushed him outside, at the same time telling her son to go for the police. The latter informed Constable Forestal who, seeing the intruder making his way past the Town Hall, arrested him for drunkenness. I A second charge of trespass was preferred against him. FUNERAL OF TJIE LATE MR. F. MITCHELL. I -Yesterday afternoon the funeral of the lute Mr. F. W. Mitchell, whose death was recorded in yesterday's issue, took place. It was at tended by a large number of prominent raining men. The Stock Exchange was closed in the afternoon, and the chairman (Mr. J. Taylor), the vice-chairman (Mr. J. D. Coburn), the lion, secretary (Mr. D. J. Luxton), and several other members of the Exchange were present; at the funeral. The service at the grave was performed by the Rev. W. Williams, of the Wesleyari Church. The funeral arrangements were carried out by Mr. W. Oakley. A LUMINOUS FUNGUS.-Mr. Manning, of the Camp School, brought to this office last evening a large fungus of a highly ornamental shape, which he found at the root of a stump in Campbell's forest, a couple qf days ngo, fn a dark room it gave out a dim light, similar to luminous paint. Mr. Manning took it down to the School of Mines. INSULTING BEHAVIOR.-A young man named John M'Mahon was found fighting in Bridge street at two o'clock this morning, and was lodged in the lock-up for the above offence. Cur COUNCIL:-The finance committee met at 3.10 o'clock yesterday afternoon owing to the Queen's Birthday falling on the usual day of meeting. Present-the mayor (Cr. Colin) and Crs. Abbott, Hoskitis, Haves and O'Neill. The jinapeg report for the wpel? ending arj the 23rd inst,, was laid on the table and was as follows:-No. 4 account paid into bank, credit, £30G8s. 7d.; bank balance Dr, £1,253 17s. 4d. Loan account-in bank Cr., £1,191 2.3. 10d. DepositaceountNo. 2, in bank Cr., £1,018 4s. 3d. Loan deposit Account, {n bank Cr., £9 10s. fta ceiypt], The following tender was recom mended for acceptance :-Box culvert, Holds worth-road-P. Kennedy, £9 7s. A letter was < read from the registrar of the School of Mines requesting the council to be present at the cere- I mony in connection with the laying of the foun dation stone of the new building on Wednesday next. The request was granted. The distribu tion of the annual grants-in-aid was deferred until Friday next, on which day the vote will definitely be allotted. An application for the I'fifijnd of a coj}tn\ptDi<'8 deposit was refused, and accounts having been passed for pajinent, the committee adjourned. A MORE GENERAL USE OF DISINFECTANTS. The Local BoardofHea.'threceivedacircularfrom the Central Board yesterday aftefnqorj rpfpr.ring tn t'la (liffio'lUv Oxperipnpeil ill obtaining, at reasonable r.ites, effective disinfectants, and suggesting tho propriety of making some arrangements by which ratepayers could obtain such disinfectants at a price not exceeding the wholesale cost, and tiie expense of distribution. At the same time the Central Board urged the necessity of the public analyst satisfying him self that tho disinfectants uud deodorants were really what they were described to be, ns it was well known that many drugs and medical compounds were put in the market of very inferior strength in contravention of the Health Act. The Mayor (Cr. Cohn) who occupied the chair, said the subject wii.s one of considerable importance, and one that deserved careful consideration. He was aware that already in one or two municipalities the local Boards of Health purchased disinfectants and sold thorn at cost price to tho ratepayers. After a brief conversational discussion it was docided, Q»1 the motion of Cr. ^ayj.a, apeandoq fey "Ci\ iibb'oti, io \yrito to tl}6 Central Board, asking what municipalities had already adopted the suggestion, and to be advised which is the best disinfectant. LOCAL BOAI!D OF HEALTH. -A meeting of the Local Board of Health was held at the Town Hall yesterday afternoon, when there were pre sent : The mayor and Cr. Abbott, I^skins., Hayes and O'Neill. A oomnninicat'o.n \\\'as re; PfijV'fid ihc Central Board y.{;in,tjYC5 ta the propriety of' making arrangements, by which ratopavor3 oould obtain ollootivo disinfectants at cost prlne. It was resolved to writo to the Central Board inquiring what municipalities, if any, had already adopted the system suggested, and to be advised which was the best disin fectant. The health officer ("Dr. J. M. Eadie) reported upon a number of cases of typhoid fever, scarlatina and diphtheria in various parts of tiie city. Cr. Hoskins dtcw attention to the new method of treating uightsoil, invented by Mr. Butler, of Melbourne, by w h iv'\ the excreta is destroy^ process fir heating, Or. Hosidna said he simply brought tho'matter forward, so that attention might be given to the new invention, for if it proved a success it would, in his opinion, sur pass any system that had yet been devised, be cause it destroyed tlje excreta at siaoe. Ho 'hit the'town cldrk' write to Mr. Butler, requesting to be furnished with information re specting his new patent. The city surveyor (Mr. G. Minto) remarked that he was quito sure that a good deal of the unpleasantness in the HtiiiosTjl]or0 (Jiving tho removal : gq<jto Hi P.Kpijteq if t]l° pfioplp used" allies pretty rrealy in tho Eijns. The- ashps would make excreta perfectly Inoffensive. The motion was carried, and the board adjourned. Woman AND THE MOUSE.-An amusing scene recently occurred at a meeting of the Woman Suffrage League at the residence of a lady in Southport. A number of ladies met to appoint % ponr-lw gqardjuns, tlqst aa thp nesting got into fi}lj ssying, !»«] us ong of the ladies present wao holding forth on tho superiority and groat advantago it would bo to the community to have womon as guardians, a little mouse was obsorved quietly con templating the scene from au elevated posi tion on the cheffonnier. Immediately 3n perceiving the intruder the ladies gathered their sklrts_ tightly round them, and the meeting lapsed into solemn silence. No member could summon courage to turn out tho intruder. After an interval of a few moments, during which tho habits and instincts of miw formed tha topic under disiuiusiun, one |a()y qh; sfirved she ha<( hn:m} i^jcp bit (jroaijfiilly. A very uueasy feeling began to pervade tho scone, and the climax was reached when a lady breath lessly oxelaimod siio saw another mouse running up tho curtain bigger than the other, No mora words wars wasted on woman guardians, biyt ^ rush was made for the door, ami tho meotin" b«kp up ivmidst tho gryateat e^citopiojjt, ° Tns CJ.VEirFLOTKD.-A tender considerably below the surveyor's estimate was sent in to the council yesterday for work at Holdsworth's Road, and Or. Hoskitis described it as an indi cation of the present low state of the labor market in Sandhurst. Cr. Hayes' sought to re move the gloomy aspect shadowed forth by Cr. Hoskins, with the cheering information that the commencement of the tramways next week would afford^ employment to all the surplus labor in the city. A smile of incredulity passed over the countenances of some of the council lors, and a sort of look which seemed to any the news was too good to be true. PHOTOGRAPHIC. - We have been shown some excellent photos, by the Argentic Bromine process by Mr. A. C. Shaw, representing Messrs. Baker and Farquhar', of Abboitsford, Melbourne. ^ This new process produces prints quite equal in many respects to the best steel engravings and a large view of the installation ! "?,r , V, . arke us Grand Master of the Utnteu Masonic Lodge of Victoria is a specially line work. This and several other views of interest are to be seen at Mr. A. J. Smith's, ! and Mr. Shaw may be found at the City Family Hotel. Mme , R^BLE,-l^e have to acknowledge receipt of Messrs. Howard Smith and Sons' use ful monthly tune table for June. EXTRAORDINARY Fokgery CASE IN- Qukkns i«and. Atthe^ District Court to-day at Nor man ton on Wednesday (states the""Amus" correspondent)Thomas Broeklehurstwascharired with forgery and uttering. He was found guilty of uttering, and was sentenced to two years imprisonment. Judge Noel said he would support an appeal to the Executive for the mitigation of the sentence, as the priso ner was apparently a tool in other people's hands. Mr. E. A. Ward, solicitor of the Supreme Court of Queensland, was a witness in this case The judge said that the unblushing effrontery with which Ward detailed his part in the transaction was astonishing. He would make lit his duty to have Mr. Ward struck off the rolls. In his honor's opinion Mr. Ward should be in the dock beside his tool or victim. On leaving the court Ward was arrested for for gery, and a warrant has also been issued for the arrest of his wife. The Teiuiiblk Mcrijek IS A TRAIN. Fur ther particulars have been received concerning the murder of M. William Geisendorff in a rail° way carriage, near Genoa, recently. The second-class carriage in which the crime was perpetrated _ bears evidence of a deeperate struggle having taken place. K very thin" in it was stained with blood, the cushions, the cur tains, and even the windows. The door handle was alsostained with blood, as if the unfortu nate victim had caught hold of it at the moment when he was pushed out of the carriage on the line. A waterproof stained with blood was found on one of the seats. It is considered cer tain that robbery was the motive of the crime, as Geisendorff had won a considerablt amount of money at the Monte Carlo gambling tables on the previous Saturday. The victim's travelling bag, which was found on the line, had been cut open and emptied. M. GeisendorfTs pockets had also been rifled, as only one visitiuc card was found in them. 3 ACHKAPFiutit HOUSE.-An English M.D. constructed a frnifc house which is an excellent protection, alike from summer's heat and winter s cold. Two rows of posts are set in the ground, two and a half feet apart, boarded inside and out, and the intervening space filled up with straw, packed in as closely as possible. Two seats of rafters are then put on, the upper set three feet above the lower, which are boarded on upper sides, and the space cioseiy packed with straw, after which a cheap board roof is put on. On the 11th of last August, with the temperature 98 deg. in the shade,°in it was as cold as an ice-house, and contained a quantity of apples as sound as when taken from the tree tiro months before. Jews in AUSTRALIA.-The number of Jew3 at present in the colonies is probably between 13,000 and 14.000. _ The last census gave 5,000 to the Colony of Victoria and about a similar number to New South Wales; the residua are scattered over the remaining different settle ments. Of the Jewish inhabitants of New South Wales-the premier colony-by far the greater number reside in Sydney, the capital. Hers the <J(Hvs deservedly hold an honorable position. Conspicuous among eminent men, whose talents have received public recognition, are Sir Saul Samuel and Mr. Julian Salomons, Q.C. Both these gentlemen bear a high repututiou for character and ability. Sir Saul is the Agent General for the colony in tuitj has earned the highest encomuimsfor tho raannor in which he represents hia country. Mr. Julian SiUmcma is it leading and distinguished lawyer, who was some little time ago offered ths Chief Justiceship, which he, indesd, had accepted, but immediately after resigned. But for his health that gentleman would, in all probability, be destined to occupy the foremost political post in the country. As it is, he is the first legal authority, and not a few of the laws on the statue book are due to I113 clear luminous intellect.-"Jewish World." CORE FOR DRUNKENNESS. - An habitual drunkard in Sweden and Norway js treated as a criminal, in this sen,so, that his inordinate lave of stfQug t^rjnk vendors him Habje to imprison ment; ;md whilst in confinement it appears ho is cured qf his bad propensities on a plan that, though simple enough, is said to prcidueo mar vellous effects. From the day tha confirmed drunkard is incarcerated no othor nourishment is served to him or her but bread and wine. Tho bread, however, it may be said, cannot be oaten apart from the wino, but it is steeped in a bowl of it, and left to soak thus an hour or more before the meal is served to the delinquent. The first day the habitual : toper takes his food in this shape without tho slightest repugnance.^ The second day ho finds it less agreeable to his palate, and very quickly he evinces a positive aversion for it. Generally (says the "Echa,"} we read, 8 or 10 days of thfoyegiaie is more than sufficient to make a man loath the very sight of wine, even refuse the prison dish set before him. This manner of curing drunken habits is said to succeed alr.iosi without an exception, and men «. viinen who have undergone tho treating not only rarely return to thyj- evil way9, but from sheer disgust they frequently become total abstainers after wards. NOT Ameiucax, BUT ENGLISH.-'The "New \orlv Mail and Express," Republican organ, re marks; " The silly gabble about a 4 Premier' ought to cease and the word ought to be dropped from the American vocabulary. The word is French. The thing is primarily English. A I rime Minister is unknown in our s}'stem of government, unprovided for by the Constitution or, in fact, provided against by that instrument; foreign to our institutions. The idea of a Prime Minister or ' Premier ' is only thinkable in countries where the lxv.d of iho Stato is the nominal, and iho head of the actual *s ^he actual, chief executive. 1 his anomaly has no sort of shadow of exist ence here. The President is the Executive department-the elect of the people third of the Federal Government, }}is Cabinet ofheers are his secret;y,fd, mid executive his will a 111! pol-cj;. They have powers as such, o^ye ln special cases when Congress has givoii special powers for special objects, as to the sec retary of the Treasury. Our Government :c unique. Its powers are strictly defined,. The 1 resident is a tremendous fact factor, the only man primarily r^».onsible for the execu tion of the ^uer^l'luws. His power is .such as no lvuglwh monarch lias had for many eenti'.viw ^VV ''Vr exc?.,:'d that of any English Pvimo Minis V-r- " ' . ' T'iy\Ns_\>;ssion" OF' DISEASE.-It is almost a hopeless doctrine to preach that persons who inherit a tendency to consumption should not marry. Human nature is wilful, and love will still be lord of all. But a great deal might be done to prevent tho transmission of the disease if marriage was postponed till after the thirtieth year was past, >\s phthisis is most apt to appear between the ages of twenty and thirty.-"The Hospital." . I'OOH Bah. the man who held, ail tfie offices was generally supposed to have lived in Japan'. There is (i ir.au in Atlantic City who can out pooh Pooh Bah any day in the week. He holds the following offices :-Real estate ayent, in surance broker, police justice, commissio-ur-r oi deeds, coroner, United States Commissioner justice of the peace, np.tuv-y. public, convevaneer, general coltaula»\ jinci eity recorder. That's a]]. U-hat he does with his odd moments U not stated. He was formerly a telegrapli operator, and has been a newspaper man. In FOCR LETTERS.-It is strange that tic. name of God should be. spelled \V> fpAiV- UHers «i almost every know Ifing^g-, $ Arabian it is Alia; Iuqjau, jjeul or lisgij. Egyptian, 4fO,ut ur Aumn; French, I)ieu:. German, Gott* Greek, Zou's; Hetiroiy, Adon; Irisli, Rich; Japa' ntse, Zain; Latin, Deus;. Malayan, Eesl; Per sian, Syrs; Peruvian, Llan;. Tartarian, T<*an Turkish, Addi; Scandinavian, Odin; Spanish'' I)ios; Swedish, Godd; Syriac, Adad;. Wallachian bene. ' . ROYALTY was treated with acau* aawinonj Jp the strata of Copq^qgen a little while a<-o -I \V0 ^mevAcan l^oys w'ero playing in the street anil one tossed the other's hat into a tree. Air Elderly gentleman was passing by with his" head buried in a book, and an umbrella under his arm, so the owner of the old lwt asked him to eauie the head gear. The gentleman could not reach it but he allowed the boy to mount on his shoulders and hook down the hat with tho umbrella. Just as the boy had sucepwkd a gentleman came by and saluting the first! comei, called him \uuv Majesty." So Vne American boy had bean "si.lg King Christian of . Denmark no a ladder. , pun lady refers will bo glad to know that Mr .ohU'r has secured the valuable swvice, of Mi« fyoward, as head dressmaker, and shp j" none ill Sandhurst. We can with pvpr,- to recommend her to any ladv who (Wr conf;del;ce lit, together with mantles suitable for cot or castle. \ Hor windows will assure our lady friends th ,^ 