29Ste S u p e r n a tu r a l, J . U . BtJOKtET, W tttS *Cs»mY." In an article am apparitions written by Audrew\L*flK, ifc the second volume of <kt "finAjclopmdU Britannica," ninth >edition he*ay* <\--u The writer ©acemet •a ho believed, a well-known and feabud arm* really dying at * plwee Haore then 100 miles distant from that to which he was seen, Supposing, for the sake of argument, 4bat the Writer did not mirtsko tome cither individual for the extremely noticeable person whom he seemed to | see, the emnoidenee between the subjective impreision and the death c f : the learnedjff-ofesror is, to Sty the least, curious." To determine whether or not it wea %oose of mistaken identity is very important, but no opportunity it given' in the passage quoted; If it was a subjective impression, the coincidence would we carious and nothing else* oftd not more *c* than many coincfcdextoefe in trfits, and many other circumstances absolutely disconnected, and many subjective imjressions without any coincidences. Mr Lang, in the article referred to. has written like one who has crammed with the literature of the subject without bring at the paint to reMon closely upon the alleged facts. He refers to the superstitious horror shown by a dog at the moment of a supposed apparition to his master. That the dog exhibited horror when his owner thought he eaw an apparition may he readij believed. And odb familiar with dogs knows that nothing will terrify them more than a great appearance of alarm on the jpartof thair masters without any visible wause. OF the same nature la the remark! concerning tbe mysterious disturbances at the bouse of the Wesleys: The mastiff was store afraid than any jof the children.*' The volatile imapnations of children here never thorn any great honor of mysteries; they were sustained, too, by codS deuce is their' parents. But the dog heard mysterious noises, whioh naturally greatly agitated him. Mauy persons fancy that Btystoriyus noises which will appear to respond to questions, to make raps or answers raps, conclusively prove that they are directed fay intelligence. Some times they may, and the intelligence is quite likely to be of human: oriein j hut noises of atmospheric, chemical, or electrical origin may furnish astonishing coincidences, just es the fissures in rooks •re extremely difficult to be distinguished from hieroglyphics. Some years ago < alphabet cased on the spirituaiisl spiritualistic alphabet was applied to the successive gusts of wiad cs a stormy autumn day, and the coincidence!; were astonishing. Whole sentences of a very significant character at times appeared to respond to the arbitrary standard. And in any ease tbe coelution that a noise, the caase of which is not yet understood mn-t be supernatural, is a process of reaaoaine ah ignoranti* Ihat ghosts do^ not come to those moBt interested in them, and seldom or never to any who long tor them, has been a matter of note from the earliest limps. The oercmoniei practised by the Christian Church in the Middle At<es in the successful exorcising of ghosts are not Less striking than tbe sart of evidence on which the ghosts were accepted. Two or three clcrgyswoh are necessary, and the ceremony must be performed in Latin, "the language which strikes tbe most audacious ghost with terror." According to hitsory aod tradition the uhost may he laid for eny term less t)»*n t. hundred years, " in any place or body, filled or empty .M But Vhat a ghoV hates most iB the Bed Sea It is related on the most indisputable authority that the ghosts have earnestly besougut exorcuts not to ormfiue them ia that place; nor^ is any instance given of their e?. caping before the rime! When we consider tbe horrible injustice inflicted upon ^rphaus whose estates are squandered by trustees, the concealment or destruction of wills, the iamtitude to destitute benefactors, the diverting of trust funds for benevolent purjoses to objects abhorrent to those who with painful toil accumulated them and wiih confidence in the ataniUty of humaneUyfs bequeathed them, the lonelircas end deap*.ir ihot fill iiumsn hearisr-aad tbe gloomy 'doubTS* ‘pT the reality of a future existence 1all of which would be rendered impassive if actual apparition9 took place the conclusion that neither in the manner of the alleged comingB nor in the objects for which they oome is there any evidence to be found of their reality gathers almor-t irresi-tible force. 