•' TRUTH ABOUT RUSSIA."* The internal condition of Russia rausii exercise a most important influence on the European situation, and the book which Mr.- Stead, the editor of tVia rv.7? ut,.n Gazette, has written on the subject hi3 naturally attracted attention. The work is the outcome of a.vlBlb which the author < paid to RusbIs laBt Bummer, and in it ha diBcnasea . the internal politics of the country, and expresses the opinions ha haB formed in regard to its foreign policy. His views, generally speaking, might have been inferred beforehand from the attitude of his ' paper towards all questions concerning Russia. Four years ago It obtained some distinction by its almost intemperate advocacy of the Russian claims in the dispute with Eng land ahont Afghanistan. Later ob, whsa the forcible dethronement of Prlaca Alexander of Bulgaria, through the inatr 1 mentality of the Czar, was adversely criti cised in almost every other quarter, the Russian Government still found in the Pall Mall Gazette an ardent champion. Mr. Stead's remarkable affection for Rus sia and belief in the wisdom and honesty of its rulers have Increased if anything since his visit to the Czar's dominions, which, according to his own accouuta he quitted with a profound as surance that Russia had no desire, and would be the last indeed to disturb the peace of Europe. Mr. Stead describes the conduct of Russia in the councils of Europe as having for its object! the maintenance of peace, the Integrity o£ treaties, and the independence of oppressed nationalities. The Bulgarian Incident: might, on such an hypothesis, be thought! rather difficult to explain away. Mr. Stead essays the task, however, and conn,' tends that the abdication of Prince Alex ander was the best thing possible for the Bulgarians. It was also, he adds, tha faireat thing possible for the Rassians. " They spent 100,000 men and 1GQ! millions of treasure to liberate anationalifcj? which, ten years after its creation, Is la the hands of an avowedly anti-Russian, administration. Russia feels .that Bbe haa been ousted from her rightful position la the principality which she has created, and that Austria has run off with the oyster after RuBsia had opened the shell." He blames Lord Salisbury in rather warm terms for his slowness to discover the impossibility of Prince Alexander's resto ration, after his offer of submission to the Czar, the Czar's unfavorable reply, and the refusal of Prince Bismarck to interfere. Lord Salisbury sets, and always has set, inordinate value upon the friendship of Austria. This at leaBt, says Mr. Stead, referring to the famous Guild hall speech, in which Lord Salisbury dis cussed the contingencies in which England might be compelled to go to war, and virtually promised Austria that if shet chose to fight Russia Bhe would not have! to fight alone. AUSTRIA THE DISTURBER. This subordination of English ta Austrian policy Mr. Stead deems mora reprehensible because the real menace tea the peace of Europe comes not from Rpssia, but from Austria He Bays—The one danger-point visible on the European horizon is not France, is not Russia, it is Austria. If there is a war in Earope In the next twelve months, there is little doubt but that it will be provoked by Austria.1 Austria is the only danger. Austria Is at this moment the only Power whose posi tion is contrary to European treaties.' Austria la the only Power which.Is pur suing a policy that may make war In evitable. Austria is the onlv Stat-a Hiafc Is making military preparations altogether in excess of its financial resources. And at the same time that Austria's foreign policy is so directly provocative of war, heE internal condition is such that no one can predict what a day may bring forth. In the composite conglomerate of heterogeneous nationalities which make upt the Austrian State there is only one com pact and important element. There are only five million Magyars in Austria Hungary, but- they are more powerfal than the thirty millions of their fellow subjects. The Germans look to Berlin, the Slavs to St. Petersburg or to Moscow® The Magyars look to themselves. They are a brave and reckless race, full of martial fire, inspired by the memory of their past, and accustomed from of old to all the arts that give men power and place in political life. In Hungary there are bub five millions of them out of fifteen and a half millions, bub tha five millions rule the ten,- nayj the ten hardly count against the five. They are in the position of an ascendant nationality, threatened with reduction to the level of the masses which at present are but as the pedestal of its power. Tha artificiality of their position makes them reckless. The memory of their disap pointment in 1849, when the Russians crushed their rebellion, and restored the Hapsburg In the name of law, order, and the peace of Europe, has filled them with Inextinguishable hatred of the Russian, whom they dread as much for what he may do in the future as they hate him for what he has done m the past. It is these Magyars who will make war if they can, and make it now. They are the only people la Europe who do not conceal their desire for war. They are animated at once by race-hatred and by the dread which eves haunts an oligarchy when it sees the stir ring of the democratic depths beneath the whispers of the northern wind. All this Is true, It may be said, but It wa3 not less true last year and the year before. Why are the Magyars more dangerous now than. they were then ? The answer Is simple. The Magyars are more dangerous to-day because they believe that they are In a position In which they can force the hand of Germany, and Becure for their attack upon Russia the support of the strongest military Power in Europe. That is a chance which does nob occur every day." Austria Hungary is multi plying her battalions and piling up new debt. Nobody believes in the future of this Bingularly composite state, except the financiers whose calculations extend only from one loan to another, and who, in any case, stand to lose nothing. The bond which holds the so-called empire to gether Is the sovereign and his army, and. whenever the day shall come, when com mon nationality is no longer recognised as the true bond, the empire will be no> more." INTERNAL STATE OP RUSSIA. In striking contrast is Mr. Stead's pic ture of the state of Russia. He refers to Nihilism as adeclining power, and says that on tlm peasantry it never had much hold. Five-sixths of the peasant population he affirms are loyal to the Czar, and he denies that rural discontent, when it ' existed, was - ever due to the socialistic propa ganda. It arose out of the general poverty of the country and ihe failure of the authorities to keep even post roads free from robbers. It is to the warm attachment of the great masses of the peasantry to the Czar that che Russian. Government has owed its great stability. Mr. Stead contends that "if a plebiscite were taken to-morrow there would be an overwhelming majority of voteB in favor of the existing Government." Nihilism draws its adherents from the upper rather than the lower classes, and the reason is clearly stated. Since 1862 the attitude of the Russian nobles —that is te say the landed proprietors—towards tha Government has been one of mistrust. They have been deprived of valued privi leges, to say nothing of large portions of their estates, and they have received no political compensation in return. Aftec the owners had been assured by the Go vernment that their right to the land was Inviolable the proprietor found himself as a general rnle obliged to cede two-thirds of his estate to peasants who did not perform the conditions on which It was made oven to him. Wlthonb, therefore, ranging him self with ibe Nihilists, he could not but find a place among the discontented Truth about RuaBia," by W, T. Stead (Caseell & Co., London). ■ ' classes, side by Bide with the peasants— ■who have neither all the land nor perhaps qnite as much liberty as they hope for— and the officials who, greedy and grasping as they are justly considered, are at the game time inadequately paid. The com parative indifference with which the pro ceedings of. the Nihilists have up to the present time been regarded by the upper classes in Russia cau be accounted for only in one way—by the fact that although the victory of the Nihilists over the Government would mean a destruction of society, that of the Government over the Nihilists would, however desirable In Itself, leave things just as they are now—just in fact a3 they have been in Russia for generations past. She acts of the Nihilists are full of st sound and fury," though it can hardly Jbe said of them that they " signify nothing." There is very little chance, however, of these nnscrupnlons murderers and incendiaries succeeding in their de signs to such a point as to subvert the existing form of government, and replace It by anarcby. Were such a result pos sible, it may be that the prospect would have a perceptible effect in bringing to the support of the Imperial power, numbers of disaffected—or perhaps it would be enough to say uninterested— persons, who have hitherto been content simply to look on. THE PENAL SVSTEM. Mr. Stead discusses at Bome length and in a not unfavorable manner, the Rnsaian penal system. The worst days .of Siberia are closing, and indeed since the accession of the late Czar, the condition of the convicts has been improving, nntil at the present time, the complaint in Russia is, not that they are cruelly treated, bub that their punishment is so mild as to act as no deterrent on evil doers. To an educated, cultured man or woman, banishment from St. Petersburg, or Moscow might doubtless seem terrible, but to the majority of ordinary offenders to be sentenced to police supervision in another portion of the empire is not, if we may believe Mr. Stead, nearly so horrible as wasplctorlaily represented in recent issues of the Century Magazine Nor in reality is it much disgrace. In Tobolsk, Omsk, Tjumen, Tomsk, or Irkutsk "unfortu nates " — as they are euphemistically termed—are too numerous to be put lander the moral ban. The least criminal are virtually free, and constitute as their talents, accomplishments, and political reputation entitle them to do the " beBt society" of the cities, In which they have plenty of secret and open sympathisers. Of coarse there are also the common convicts, who have been transported for crimes not too heavily punished by forced labor in the mines, and, in a country where th9 death penalty is sparingly inflicted, the general gaol delivery every spring increases their number. Naturally, these thieves, homi cides, and similar malefactors, are anxious to pass for political offenders, and many of the tales current abroad have their origin in the mendacious or exaggerated narratives of people of this description. Mr. Stead quotes the experience of Sr. Landells, the English traveller in . [Siberia, who put on record his astonish ment at the laxity of discipline which met his notice at every step of his transcontinental journey. He had been led to believe that work in the • mines was certain death to the convict laborer. Eat instead of seeing anything akin to the slavery such as he had heard of, he witnessed offences of a serious character punished by. enforced toil not one whit more severe than that which thousands of ordinary pitmen and ironworkers volun tarily endure for food, clothing, and shelter in no way better. Ever since the death of Nicholas the convicts have been divided into three classes. But with the exception of the worst criminals, none are very hardly nsed. Many of the second class on becoming "expirees" are allotted land, and become prosperous colonists, while the third, or highest division of the exiles, are considered to have expiated their offences by the time they arrive in the country, and are at once established in villages as settlers, the only restriction on their freedom of action being that they must follow agriculture or whatever other occupation may be allotted to them* • CIVILISING ASIA. Mr. Stead dwells naturally at some length upon the revolution which the Russians have been effecting in northern and central Asia, and which is rarely noted except to extract materials for what he himself describes as an international bug bear. A century ago Asiatic Russia was a . waste and a wilderness. It has been welded by a wonderful continuity of policy into a powerful empire. In that freedom, as Mr. Stead candidly admits, there are frequent and deplorable blemishes. Foreign goodwill has been • estranged from it by a spirit of com mercial and political jealonsy, as unpro fitable as It is ungenerous and unjust. Harsh and inequitable pretexts have been embraced for extending Russian sway. The hunger for territory has not yet been appeased, and awakens Inevitable mistrust. On the side both of Chinese Knld ja, and of the Tekke oasis, it has by amscrupulous ambition In the past nnrsed against its future quietnde a nest of im placable frontier Irritations, Bat the actual state of central Asia has only to be compared with that which it has re placed, for the world to be unable to deny that whatever the motives, and whatever the flaws, Russia has accomplished east of the Ural Mountains a work by which mankind have permanently benefited. Regions, the seat of anarchy and the nur aery of robbers, have been converted Into possible habitations for peaceable human beings. Travellers may pass through thousands of miles of territory which a lew years since could have been safely traversed scarcely by an army. Com merce and agriculture have began to flourish in districts given up for ages to nomad lawlessness. WILL RUSSIA INVADE I IA Of course the question may be asked— and it is one that demands an answer— whether the policy which Russia Is now pursuing with such prescient tenacity will stop Bhort of the frontiers of India. Mr. Stead answers warmly in the affirmative. He says:—"The idea that the Russians either as a people or as a Government contemplate the design of the Invasion and conqneBt of India is one of those delusions which are to nations what evil spirits were to individuals in the days of,'possession.' The RnsBians no more contemplate the conquest of India than our Jingoes contemplate the conquest of Poland, bnb both Russians and .Jingoes agree In believing that If necessity should arise they can make a good deal of trouble each for the other— the one in India, the other in Poland. The more clearly it is recognised that there is no more question of an invasion of India in force by the Russian army than there Is of the entry of Lord Wolseley into Warsaw at the head of a British Army corps, the more likely is it that we shall eee where our real danger lies, for that there Is real danger of some kind • from the proximity of Russia and Eng land in Asia is indubitable. It is hope less attempting to face the real danger until we have definitely dismissed the Imaginary peril from our minds. What Is the real danger? The real danger is largely self-created, bat still it exists. It consists in the idea, with which oar own writers and officials have so diligently Inoculated the Asiatic mind, that every advance of Russia in the direction of Afghanistan endangers our position in India._ The strength of the Russians for mischief 1b not material, bub moral. It Is based not upon the proximity of their cannons, but upon the ubiquity of our alarmists. Lord Lytton was probably the most effective agent who ever served the Russians in Asia. He and his troupe of panic-mongers could not have dona the Czar's work better if they had been salaried with roubles as advertising agents of Muscovy. By their fuss and their fidget and their reckless expenditure of life and money in order bo conjure away the mere shadow of a Cossack on the far side of Afghanistan they convinced our fellow subjects in India that Itaaaia possessed a capacity for upsetting our Empire, which in reality she lacks. "While the Germans and the Jews between them have been Bteadily co-operating in Europe to depreciate the rouble aud impair Russian credit, our Jingoes aud Anglo-Indians have in the most reckless fashion set themselves to raise Russian credit as much above par in Asia as the rouble is below par in Europe. Lord Salisbury once remarked to General Ignatieff that, nnlessrumor lied, Rnssia had many agentB In India. ( Thousands of agents,' coolly replied the ablest Russian in the diplomatic service. 'We have literally thosands of most useful agents in India,1 ' Whatdo youmean?' aBkedLord Salisbury, in some amazement at the cynical avowal. ' Our agents', replied General Ignatieff,' are headed by your own Viceroy, and they include almost every official in your ser vice and every newspaper writer in India. They occnpy themselves constantly in doing far more effectively than any one else could do it the kind of work for which we are supposed to employ agant3 in other countries. They disquiet the minds of the well-disposed by spreading fears ofa Russian advance; they encourage the hopes of the ill disposed by simulating alarm at our approach; they fill the bazaars with stories of our irresistible prowess, and in short, they do everything that we could wish to magnify onr reputation aud pre pare every mauvais sujet, every native who is discontented with your Government, to turn with longing and hopeful gaze to wards the great White Czar, General Ignatieff was right. There is no room for Russian agents in Russian pay In India, The ground is covered from the Himalayas to Ceylon with far more effective auxiliaries who draw British pay but do the Russian's work. Now that the actual Russian has come alongside the Afghan frontier it is to be hoped that this reckless hulling of Russian prestige in Asia will be abandoned by our people. Bub it is too late to undo the mischief which 50 years of hysterical and morbid alarmism have worked in India. It has given the Russians a vantage gronad wfcich all their artillery could not have secured them, and it is a vantage ground which they would be more than human if they did not use to their profit and to our inconvenience. Their railway enables them to deliver troops on the Afghan frontier a couple of days after they are landed from their base on the Caspian. Although this single line of railway drawn across the desert Is of little use for the transport of an invading army It is all that Is re quired to fnrnith the semblance of danger. The delusion, although a3 un real as Pepper's ghost, is quite as startling to those who do nob know the trick. Unless there Is a complete change in onr relations with the Russians, unless cordiality succeeds distrust, and loyal co operation in Asia and in Europe replaces the present tension of hostility and in trigue, the Russians have U3 at an im mense disadvantage on the Afghan border, not because they are in a position to do ns any injury whatever, but because they can so practice on our Idiotic, self-created fears as to drive ns. almost to the verge of Imperial suicide. They cannot do us any harm, bat they can make as do immense harm to ourselves." It is signi ficant, Mr. Stead adds, that In spite of all the clamor no Russian soldier has ever come within range of onr Indian ontposfc3. A PORTRAIT OF THE CZAR. Having thus surveyed the questions of foreign politics, which would require con sideration In an attempt which Mr. Stead urges shonld be hastened to establish a general modus vivendi between England and Rnssia, the author devotes an in teresting chapter to the personality of the Czar, which needless to say is a eulogistic one. "Alexander III.," he states "from the point of view of the entente between England and Russia, Is almost an ideal Emperor. . If you conld imagine a human being who was au fond Lord Hartington, and at the same time imbued with the religious temperament of Mr. Bright, and the intense domes ticity of Lord Granville, yon would con jnre up a conception which is as nearly a3 possible -the English equivalent of the Russian Emperor. There la in him a deep natural piety, such as that which formB the background of the Quaker soul ; he is devoted to his wife and children, bnt his intellectual type most closely resembles that of Lord Hart ington. That Is to say, his is a mind not viewy—nob given to speculation—a mind solid and sure, practical and sound— which brings to the consideration of every question when it arises, bub ndt before, the business-like common sense and strict Integrity of purpose which characterise the leader of our Liberal Unionists. It is the mind of a man who Is capable both of In spiring and of reposing confidence—anhon est man, who endeavors to see things from the Btandpo nt of justice, and then who automatically sans phrase tries to do right. All agree in declaring that although he 1b slow to move, deliberate in the ex treme in making up his mind, when his resolution is once taken and his foot is once put down, no consideration on earth will Induce him to take it np. Only on one condition will he reconsider a decision once formed. If It can be proved to him that he has been misin formed, if he is convinced that what he believed to be a fact, and which was allowed to influence hie policy as snch, was no fact, but a fiction, then, with the honeBty and sense of jaablce which are his pre-eminent characteristics, he will frankly and publicly own himself in the wrong. The Emperor is a strong man who takeB short views. He see3 what he believes to he his duty from day to day, and he does it honestly to the best of his ability, in the spirit of the maxim that 'sufficient to the^ day is the evil thereof,' and in the faith that strength snfficlent for the day will be given him from on high. The Emperor does not seem bowed down or crushed beneath the Imperial load, the fall weight of which neither he nor any one can adequately realise. He stands erect and joyouB, cheerful, with out bravado, with the simple open face of a man who has preserved amid all the affairs of State the heart of a little child. Those who know him well say that he Is totally free from that worrying fretfal nesB, that wearyiDg anxiety, which is incompatible with sincere faith In the providence of God. Not by his own will or of his own choice was he called to perilous post, from which he can only be relieved by death. Until he is relieved he wili hold it, often painfully conscious of his own shortcomings, but nevertheless doing Mb duty as best he can, according to his lights, and leaving the rest to God. The Emperor is notoriously desirous of coming to a good understanding and a hearty working agreement with England. The Emperor is eminently a healthy man. He is the mens sana in corpora sano, ' He has a good head,' I remarked to an am bassador In St. Petersburg. ' And what is of even more importance,' was the re ply, ' he has got a good stomach.' He is not nervous and does not get into fidgets. All his habits are regular." It has indeed been credibly stated that so muscular is the Czar that with comparative ease he C8n twiBt an iron horseshoe into a spiral form. GENERAL IGNATIEFF. Of the far-famed General Ignatieff the portrait is no less effectively drawn. This eminent warrior and diplomatist, "the RussianGladstone,"aa Mr. Stead describes him, has had an eventful career. Bom in 1832 he had the Emperor Nicholas for his godfather and subsequently patron. He served in the Crimea, and afterwards gained favor in St. Petersburg for a re port which he drew up, after personal In vestigation, on the British military po-ti tion in India. Ha took a prominent parb In the negotiations which preceded and followed the Russo-Tarkiah. war, and is a warm supporter of the traditional Russian policy both in Europe and Asia. In describing Ignatieff and discussing his merits Mr. Stead evi dently has a congenial subject. He writes:— " General Ignatieff naturally im presses all those who meet him with his ability. Almost alone among the poli ticians whom I met In St. Petersburg, he combines political insight, personal dis interestedness, and indomitable energy. It was an immense relief to talk with a man of such luminous ideas, so fall of elan, and so buoyantly conscious of his own initial velocity. General Ignatieff, discredited In certain quarters on account of his passionate nationalism and his ex treme devotion to the Russian cause, Is yet thoroughly imbued with modern ideas, and hi3 mind is open to all the higher -| inspirations of the democratic movement of the nineteenth century; for therein Connt Ignatieff differs greatly from some of the ablest of his countrymen. Some are European, and not Russian ; others . are Russian, and not European. He is both Russian and European. " Bat before surrendering myself to the charm of General Ignatieff I fenced myself round with a very chevaux de frise of misgivings and suspicious questionings. At bottom all these dis quietudes sprang from one root, which, broadly speaking, was the doubt in the veracity of one who had borne for so many years the unenviable sobriquet of the 4 Father of Lies.' I took occasion, in the course of one of my many conversa tions with the general, to enquire how it was that he had acquired so evil a reputa tion . . . * I will tell you all about it,' said he pleasantly. ' First of all, let us take the "Father of Lies." This is the way in which that name wa3 applied to me. Many years ago, just after I had been appointed ambassador at the Porte, a certain German Jew who had been em ployed as an agent of the Third Sec tion of the town police, thought that he could make a little addition to his income by publishing a book about people in Sb. Petersburg society. "When the book was passing through the press he wrote to me a letter in which he informed me that he had included me in his sketches, and that he had seen fit to describe me a3 bearing the name of the "Father of Lies." Ib was his title for me, and he intimated that if I wonld transmit to him at once the trifling little sum of 2,000 golden, he would desist from giving me this pleasant appellation ; if, on the other hand, I re fused to send him the money, his book would shortly appear at Vienna, and I should find myself branded all over Europe as a liar and the " Father of Lies." I declined to pay him the money, and he made good his threat. I admit that on some occasions I have not said all the truth when speaking to opponents or to enemies who would have used the Information I withheld to damage the cauae of my country* That I admit, that is allowable, and for that no one can blame me, for I have done no more than every diplomatist must do. But when people tell you that I lie, and that I am the " Father of Lies," ask them, would you, to mention a single instance in which they ever knew me to have spoken falsely on any matter of serious importance ?' "A popular delusion is that General Ignatieff deceived Lord Salisbury at the conference of Constantinople. For this I have never been able to discover any foundation, or even any semblance of a foundation. General Ignatleffs conduct throughout the whole of that conference, as it seemed to me, looking at ib from a distance, was transparently loyal and straightforward. I am familiar with the whole of the protocols of that famous gathering, and It was simply impossible for the plenipotentiary of one Power to be supported more energetically by the pleni potentiary of another than Lord Salisbury waB at that time by General Jgnatleff. If there was treachery, if there was per fidy, if any one played false to Lord Salisbury, then it was not General Ignatieff, It was his own colleague, Sir Henry Elliott, and his own chief, Lord BeaconBfield." Ignatieff as an ambassador wa3 dis credited mainly In consequence of the accusation that upon his word no reliance could be placed by his colleagues and contemporaries, but as Governor General of the Russian forces he still renders efficient service to the empire. 