NEWS BY THE MAIL. TOPICS OF THE WEEK. (From Our Correspondent.) LONDON, July 12. The advance of the dervishes along the western side of the Nile north of Wady Haifa has brought very clearly into prominence how utterly impossible it is for us to think of evacuating Egypt at the present time his lennon can hardly be lost upon the French Government one would think. Anyhow, the British Government are fully alive to their duty Assouan has been strongly reinforced by Egyptian native troops, and rather to calm any possible excitement among the natives than to take part in the fighting two English battalions have been sent -one from Malta, and one from Cyprus-to strengthen the English garrison It must be kept in mind that the dervishes have not passed through any of our strong places. They put the river between these and them, and by keeping to the west bank of the Nile have been able to avoid an encounter with an 1 Egyptian force which had the advantage of a defended station be defences at Wady Haifa remain intact how a considerable force has been sent across the river to head the dervishes back, and if they begin to retreat, Colonel Wodehouse, who was at Wady Haifa, will no doubt attempt to take them in front by himself crossing the river and opposing their return. The further the dervishes get north the greater must their difficulties become All the country on the west bank of the Nile to a point opposite Assouan is being denuded of food, and to get water the dervishes have to go down to the river, thus laying themselves open to the British rifle fire It is said that the dervish force is already suffering enormously. Their fate is certain If they defeat the Egyptians in the encounter which is now threatening, they can not hope to make any serious head- way. The moment there is any danger from them the British regiments will be put into action, and with the help of the gunboats on the river there is not the slightest ghost of a chance of their being able to go to the east of the Nile, where there is opportunity of effecting mischief It seems now to be taken for granted that negotiations with France for the conversion of the Preference! Debt are not at an end, and that after all the conversion may be effected If this happens the dervish said will not have been in vain Of course, the British Radicals are highly in- censed that our Government should under- take to help the E,.. plan authorities to stop the advance of the dervishes, and it is suggested that the Egyptian people are most anxious to receive " the inhabitants of the troubles " Mr Gladstone, however, is silent in this case he can hardly think that the dervishes are rightly struggling to be free ' Another matter of foreign policy has kept its place in public attention during the week, the Delagoa Hay railway dispute. The matter has been up in both Houses of Parliament, and the Lords have had a brief discussion upon the subject Lord Salisbury took occasion to lay down the principles which must guide us in a case of this sort He said that where injury to British interests arises from mere negligence, accident, or the constitutional weakness of a foreign Government, or, to use his own exact words, " from failure, mistake, or misfortune," there is no opportunity for diplomatic interference , but when financial injury is the result of a deliberate wrong there is a strong case for intervention And although in this case he was not yet in full possession of all the information he desired on the Portuguese side of the question, he held to his opinion that a deliberate wrong had been done, and that the Lisbon authorities were liable to indemnify the British investors. In the Commons, Sir James Fergusson said last night that the question of arbitra- tion had not reached a stage in which it could be said to have been accepted or de dined by either party to the dispute " No positive answer had been received, but the Portuguese Government disclaimed any in Petition of doing injustice." To tell the truth, the notion grows that the Portuguese may be less to blame than was at first thought They have from the first declared that the line should be valued, and the amount of the valuation put to the credit of the company, and if it is true, as is claimed at Lisbon, that the concession was made to a Portuguese company under Portuguese law, that the Lisbon authorities had nothing to do with the proposals to English investors, and further that they have acted strictly within their rights, well, it seems that the foreign investor will have to take the risks Some of the London papers-the World for instance which can- not be accused of any undue sympathy for Portugal, say most emphatically that we have no sort of case You will not need to be told that the company had many difficulties at the outset, that it was long before the money was subscribed, and there is a very nice question as to whether the concessionaire, in forming an English as well as a Portuguese company, has observed the niceties of the law regulating the original concession The Shah has left us and gone into the provinces and the town is full of Shah stories. when I wrote last His Majesty was at Kempton park with the Prince of Wales As the possessor of some magnificent Arabian steeds the Shah was immensely interested in our racehorses, and Kempton was a real treat to him. He declared subsequently that he was delighted to see such horseflesh He made one bet and won £10 note-from Mr Mackenzie, of Kintail The " paper was handed over by the Shah to his " little boy,' and the lad not knowing its value tore it up in getting known in Buckingham Palace there was diligent search for the pieces, and with much labour they were put together on a piece of paper so that the bank had to pay the " little boy has been the subject of a vast amount of attention here Mr Edward Lawson gave him a gun such as Eton lads have when they begin to learn to shoot a weapon that will kill at 35 yards The youngster was delighted, and promptly showed that he knew how to load at the breech and how to fire it. When the Shah got to Lordbiltsbury's on Monday. It was necessary to put a check on the lad. Lord Sainsbury find in his garden party, by way of attraction, a great rifle shot, and the lad thinking to emulate the expert, brought out his gun also to Ure Suddenly the visitors became aware that they were in danger, and Lord Salisbury, at some risk, saved his favourite terrier. It was with some difficulty that the lad was induced to stop his practice. Meanwhile, the Shah had been at the Crystal Palace This was on Saturday night when there was a special show of fireworks The Prince and Princess of Wales with their family and Lord Fife lao attended, and Messrs, Brock made a feature of the bt frothed couple in the illuminated pieces he fireworks were in some cases set off by electricity, and the springs which set up the current were red in the Royal box, so that the Royal party, first one and then the other, were, under direction of Messrs. Brock, the actual authors of the displays. The Shah was especially delighted with this arrangement, and he was mightily pleased with the picture of the Princess Louise and the Earl of life, who sat near him. Of course the Palace was crowded with an enormous multitude, and the Shah had a great reception, Before leaving London he visited some of the principal clubs-the Carlton and the Reform, among others a he use of these places seems to have puzzled him not a little. At the ( prison he was told that the Ministers came there at times, and at the Reform that it was used by the ex Ministers among others 'the old gentleman seemed to have a notion that the Carlton was a sort of day barracks for the Queen's advisers and their followers He asked questions which showed that the latest notion in his mind was that of a political caravanserai, At the Reform he risked whether the Opposition chiefs took their meals there every day. It will be interesting to read what the Shah says of these places in the book which it is said he will write when he gets back to Teheran He is making notes daily of what he sees. By the by, there was a funny incident at the United Service Club. 'The Shah came across a gallant colonel who had fallen asleep in his chair. He had been reading the newspaper, and this had fallen from his bond The Shah was much amused, and whilst one of his suite awakened the colonel His Majesty stood by offering the paper the confusion of the gallant officer was strange to see. The Shah asked him why he had fallen asleep, and he replied that he was overcome by the best, 'the Shah thought differently, and ventured the observation that he must have been reading about the doings of the Shah in the paper with the result that they were too dull to keep him awake The colonel owned the soft impeachment, and the incident ended in hearty laughter on both sides But it is impossible to tell you a tithe of the tale, which are going concerning his Per Sinn Majesty Everybody admits that the Shah is very (good humoured, though his English is ill, and his French is execrable But of one thing we hear nothing as yet. the defilement of Buckingham Palace may not have been repeated, since many precautions were taken to keep the suite in decent ways. And the Shah is spending his money like an eastern potentate should do He will be here for the wedding of the Princess Lomas and the Earl of Fife on Saturday week The Queen is coming up from Osborne to attend the wedding, and will bid adieu to the Shah in London. It is said that the Shah has given orders for a splendid wedding present for the Princess something that will astonish and amaze even the English coast. Lucky Princess to be married at such a mo merit ! Talking of the Royal wedding brings me naturally to the debate in the Commons on the question of Royal grants The Radi cats insisted that the committee which was to consider the Queen's message asking for provision for Prince Albert Victor and the Princess Louise should look into the nalinga which has occurred to the Queen from various branches of the Civil list in order of course to see if these savings would not bear the charges which Parliament was asked to take an account of the third generation of the Royal Family Mr Labouchere actually moved thattliecom mittee should have power to send for persons and books in order that the thing might be got at to a farthing. But the Government stood out against these demands Mr Smith was not unwilling to go some little way in the direction suggested, but he drew the line firmly and he was backed up in this and in all other matters by Mr Gladstone with a cordiality which left nothing to be desired '1 Le member for Mid Lothian naturally looks forward some day to the return of insanity to J power, and in such case it would be a great advantage if this question of secondary grants were settled upon some reasonable basis. Unfortunately, Mr Gladstone was quite unable to keep the Radicals in check They seemed to think that the Queen find saved vast sums by appropriating the balances on the various departments of the civil list, and they were determined as far as possible to get at the fact. With this view the) attacked the composition of the committee, on the ground that it gave a majority to the Government, and Mr Chamberlain came in for a good deal of nasty comment from Mr Storey The attack failed, as it was bound to fail if the Radicals had insisted upon replacing Mr Labouchere by his colleague Mr. Bradlaugh, who knows more about the civil list than nine tenths of the members of the House, they might have been justified , but, strange to say, Mr Bradlaugh being excluded from the committee, no real attempt was made to put him on it. It was a little remark '(. to see that whilst the Radicals were in open mutiny against Mr Gladstone Mr. Parnell followed him consistently, and took with him a large number of the Nationalist party. But if the debate was useless at the moment, the effect of the Radical protests was remarkable next day. the Queen and the Court finding what extravagant notions prevailed upon the civil list and its balances, came to the prompt conclusion to waive all objections, and orders were given that the fullest information should be laid before the committee Accordingly, when the committee met, Mr Smith announced that he meant to give information, and an adjournment was taken until next week, in order that a full statement might be prepared This is turning the Radical corner with a vengeance We know that the Prince of Wales had communicated the fact of his daughter's betrothal to Mr Gladstone simultaneously with the letter sent to Lord Salisbury, and that he had intimated that an application would be made to Parliament on account of Prince Albert Victor, as well as on account of the Princess. It has been said again and again lately that Lord Fife, who is enormously rich, ought not to have consented to the application for his intended wife But the answer to this is that he could not help it. If there had been any wavering in this case it would have afforded excuse for a refusal to give grants to the other princesses who may really need them, and it would have broken precedent, which, as we shall see next week, when the treasury memoranda are put before the committee, has uniformly run in the direction of giving grants to all members of the Royal family) At the same time it must be said that there is a growing feeling hostile to any farther extension of these grants, and the sooner an automatic arrangement is made on the subject the better for everybody concerned An enact- ment that on coming to their majority or-in the case of princesses-on their marriage, Such and such members of the Royal family should take such and such sums according to the degree of relationship to the Crown, would probably meet the necessities of the case I must dismiss the other Parliamentary matters with brevity Yesterday Mr Smith took all the time of the House for the rest of the session. He stated that the Government meant to proceed with the Scotch Local Government Bills (two) and the Scotch Universities Bill, and he hoped the House would pass the bill for restricting the number of members on the India Council, which would save the Indian Government about £5,000 a year He proposed, too, to submit the 'Tithes Recovery Bill and the Irish Sunday Closing Bill to the judgment of the House. The Education Code was postponed to next year, and the responsibility for the loss of the Irish Main Drainage Bills must rest with the Radicals He thought the Light Railways Bill "light to pass By arrangement with the Education department the Welsh Intermediate Education Bill, and the Technical Education Bill for England and Wales might also probably be got through It is possible that this restricted programme will have to be further reduced if the House is to use in the middle of next month, as is desired 'The Irishmen want a fortnight on the Irish I str mates. Meantime, the Scotch Local Government Bill has been going sion ly through the committee. In answer to pressure from the Scotch members, the Government have reduced the sum to be given from the probate duty in relief of Highland rates from 130 000 to £10,000, and have agreed to add to the amount given for education a few thousand pounds towards the relief of school fees in the case of embarrassed schools " '1 his last change has been held by their own supporters to commit the Government to the principle of free education, which they have all along repudiated, and an amendment being moved by Mr Howarth (a Conservative), Borne 62 Ministerialists, including Mr Gerald Balfour, the brother of the Chief Secretary, voted for it. The Government had, however, an easy triumph, and, whether they like it or in e, they have now certainly launched us on an agitation for free education throughout the Three Kingdoms. 'The Peers threaten that they will take out the free education clause in the Scotch bill when it reaches them We shall see. On report of the bill for prevent- ing cruelty to children there was another debate about prohibiting the employment of children under 16 in theatres and places of amusement, and the House insisted upon maintaining the prohibition. Tli. will make b great change in our theatres at pantomime times especially. Mr William O'Brien has again been dry, languishing himself. On Monday he turned up in the House of Commons when many of the Ministerialists were at Lord Salisbury s garden party to the Shah, and proposed to move the adjournment in order to debate afresh the incidents of his last arrest, he Speaker prohibited the move, and thereupon Mr O Brien entered upon a personal explanation, in which he stated, on his honour that the police fired upon the people at Charleville without any provoca- tion. It was a wicked and wilful fabrication to say that shots were fired at the police. There was nothing of the sort Mr O'Brien having got on so far would have gone farther, but the Speaker cut him short, and Mr Parnell in a rage threatened that the affair should be fully debated on the constabulary tote. Being that ballin!, Mr J Brien set out for Ireland to take his trial at Tipperary. He arrived in the town a day too soon, and was thus able to address the Smith Barry tenants again On this occasion he announced that Mr Parnell was about to launch a new Tenants' League which would give the farmers the opportunity of combining in legal fashion against the landlords We have heard and are hearing a great deal about this new departure The Tenants' League is, it seems, to be worked for a time at least side by side with the National League, and is to stand between the tenants and starvation, pending an appeal to the constituencies. This is the hazy language of Mr. O Brien Generally the new departure is taken as a sign of defeat It seems to involve the abandonment of political demands. At any rate the " Tenants' League " indicates a land struggle, and not any question of nationalism. If the league is legal-a mere trades' union the law against picketing and the law of conspiracy will be available to control it, if it turns out, as suspected, to be illegal, the Crimes Act will promptly suppress it The Pall Mall Gazette is not at all happy about the new departure, which it regards as a sign of weakness. I shall be able to do fuller justice to this subject next week. Meantime let it be noted that the thing is to be launched soon by Mr Parnell at a " Convention to be held in Dublin As to Mr O'Brien, his trial has been postponed until he has got through his libel action against Lord Salisbury, due to be heard at Manchester at the end of this month Mr O Brien protests against the delay, but a few days ago in the House of Commons it was said that he had been arrested again in order that he might not be able to sue Lord Salisbury, or rather to prejudice his suit against the Premier Mr Cons, beare, M P failed in his appeal But his sentence was reduced from four months to three months, and he was made a first class misdemeanant He flouted the Court by openly handing over to a priest a sum of money to help on the plan of campaign in Donegal, and he declared that he would renew the offence at the first opportunity Perhaps he will think differently after three months' solitude At Drogheda the magistrates have dismissed the case taken against Messrs. Cox and Gill, members of the Irish party, for aiding and abetting the plan of campaign on the Massereene Estate. The trial of Father M'Fadden and others who were concerned in the murder of Inspector Martin at Gweedore, has been postponed until October Mr Lowther, having presided over the Court which arbitrated between Sir G Chetwynd and Lord Durham, and which practically found for the latter, has publicly stated that in the mind of the arbitrators Sir George was completely acquitted of the graver charges brought against him This was at a meeting of the Jockey Club, when a letter resigning membership was read from Sir George You will read for yourselves the interesting autobiographical details given by Mr Benzon, the Jubilee " Plunder, to the Queen's Bench in a case heard in that court this week. This young man tells the world that he has managed to get through a quarter of a million sterling in a few months It is a great achievement of which few persons can boast In the book which he is about to issue Mr Benzon will go into details on the subject, but meantime you will see it you read the case in the Queen's Bench how greatly the money lenders helped in the dissipation of the Benzem "pile ' Mr Gladstone's letter on bimetallism attracts attention as the first serious declara- tion which he has made hostile to the views espoused by many of his warmest admirers. In It fe last week the Gladstonians kept a sent they had had, but with a greatly reduced majority, and they have declined to fight Dover, where to-day Mr G Wyndham -Mr Bal four's secretary-has been returned unopposed. 'These are significant facts Mr Frederick Greenwood has compromised his case with the late proprietor of the St. James Gazette It is said that he has obtained all he claimed, with a large portion of his own costs He had important letters to disclose which it was advisable the world should not see 