From tlie Curate to the Convent. CHAPTER XIX. FAITH AND LOVE UNDER A NEW FORM. It would seom that the first drops of the coming storm fell in the lower regions of the parsonage world, and poor Jane Hughes was - its first victim. For several years she and Michael Bennett, the gardener, had been " keeping company," as the saying is, and were several times on the eve of marriage : but Jane was not quite satisfied concerning Miohael's religions state, and so hesitated to commit her happiness to his keeping, although earnestly urged by him to do so. Then she' knew what an important position she occupied in the family, if it was only a slight oheck to the advancing tide of Romanism, and, at all events, as a support to her dear young mis' tresB, Mary Rumford, who still often resorted to her for counsel and encouragement. But Jane was sincerely attached to Miohael, who in every earthly point of view deserved her afEeotion, for he was sober, steady, and industrious, and for his position remarkably intelligent. He was an excellent gardener, and was often borrowed from Mr. Rumford by neighbouring clergymen and others when needing the aid of superior taste or skill in the arrangement of their grounds or the cultivation of their gardens ; and ns the parsonage grounds were of limited extent, and d'd not afford Michael much scopefor the exercise of his abilities, Mr. Rumford con sidered it a pity not to allow him to take advantage of such invitations to improve his knowledge of horticulture aB regarded both parks and gardens. Among those who occasionally borrowed his services was Sir John Pottinger, who had sought and been admitted to familiar intimacy with his old college friend, and bad become a not unfrequent visitor at the parsonage, sometimes bringing with him the " Protestant priest," as he was called, because of his alleged freedom from all Romish bigotry, the liberality of his sentiments, and the readi ness with which he adapted himself to the ways of the Protestant families that he visi ted. Michael at first felt a little reluctance to go amongst Roman Catholics, against whom he had a sort of English prejudice common to his class, strengthened probably in his caBe by what he had heard Jane say of their princi ples and acts past and present ; but a few visits to the Hall served not only to remove his prejudice but to secure in him a defender of Roman Catholics in general, and of those who occupied Suckville Hall in particular ; and no marvel, for he always received there the best of treatment, the occupants of the drawing-room and the kitchen vying with eaoh other in their attentions to him, and Sir John and Lady Pottinger never allowing him to depart without some substantial remunera- tion for his services, ana a iew Kina woras, which he valued nearly as much. Unfortunately for poor Jane, the cook, Nancy Doyle, was young and better- looking than she was, and moreover she laid herself out to captivate the too susceptible Michael, who, in his admiration of good looks and gratitude for benefits received, never thought of the Popery that lurked in the fascinating Nancy's heart and would but ill assort with the Protestant principles which he professed, and the simple Gospel truths which Jane sometimes fondly thought she had succeeded in implanting in Miohael's mind, and which she hoped and prayed might germinate there to his ultimate conversion to the same gracious God and Saviour whom she loved and strove to serve. But poor Michael had embraced only the religion of Jane Hughes, not that of JeBus Christ, and he was almost ob ready, barring the aforesaid little prejudice againBt Popery, to embrace the religion of Nanoy Doyle, for the simple reason that he had none of his own to part with, and was ready, for what appeared to him a good cause, to adopt any other oreed as soon as ho should be invited to do so ; and Nancy was not the girl, to do her justice, to leuve religion out of view, even in her flirtations and love-makings, although she dearly loved such relaxations from her culinary toils. In fact, she was too muoh under the fear of 'Father Curwen to do so, and, he was too. muoh of a tactician not to peroeive how. even Nanoy's talent for flirtation oould be turned to the account of Mother Church. Under these circumstances, Michael's con version to the true Church, as Nancy called it, was an event requiring neither much time nor much labour to bring about ; nor was there much theology expended on it; indeed, it was not required, for, after a few shots from Nancy's bright eyes, Miohael surrendered at discretion, and one more subject was ready to swear fealty to the Sovereign Pontiff. Michael was baptised in the new chapel which Sir John had erected in connection with the Hall ; and now he was ready for any use to which the Jesuit junta, sitting in solemn council, might decide on putting him. Ab to his steadfastness in the new faith, or, more properly, the new form which he had embraced, that might well be left to the care of Father Curwen, who knew how to work the confessional so effectually that it would be easier for a half- dead fly to escape from the mesheB of a spider's web than for the most sceptical member of his flock to dis engage himself from the coilB which he drew around him. The grief, the mortiflcation of poor Jane may bo imagined when she learned the step which Michael had taken. It seemed very hard to her that an attachment of so many years' duration should thus be abruptly terminated ; and, worse than all, that the man in whom she trusted, and who had so often professed undying affection, should surrender himself body and soul into the hands of a daughter of Belial, whose only recommenda tion was a pair of black eyes, a smooth skin, and a bantering tongue ; and then that to win such a worthless woman he should renounce the religion of his fathers, and do suoh des pite to the Gospel of God's grace, of which at least he had a kind of theoretic knowledge, by exchanging it for the foul idolatries and gross impostures of Popery — that went far to break her heart. Michael, as was natural, kept out of Jane's way as long as he could, but Jane was deter mined to Ree and reason with him about the fatal step he had taken. So, seeing him in the garden one evening when the family were out taking a drive, she went boldly out and stood before him. There was a time when his eyes would have sparkled with pleasure at the sight of his beloved Jane, but that time was gone. Michael, like many others before him, had played the traitor to his affianced and to his God, and the bitterness of soul which he now felt was evident in the vain attempt to appear unconcerned at Jane's presence. 11 Michael," began Jane, determined to come to the point at once, " I nave heard all, and I am not come now to upbraid you with your treatment of me. I might say that I did not think that our courtship of so many years' standing could be brought to an end so quickly, but it is useless to speak of that now." Here Jane wiped away a tear. "I suppose that what iB done oannot be undone ; but, Michael, you have a soul to be saved or lost, and however oruelly you have served me, I have felt too much for your welfare hero and hereafter, and I hnve prayed for you too often, not to feel how dreadful is the step you have taken and how awful is your state before God." It was rather a relief to Michael that Jane had so soon entered on the religious aspect of the case. His heart was not yet sufficiently hardened towards her to bear her reproaohes for his suddon desertion of her after so many years of devotion on her part, and the many assurances he had given her of his unchange able love. He knew how terrible a blow he had inflicted on her, and how cruelly he had shattered all those bright hopes of wedded happiness which he had helped her to embody in that future to which they had looked for ward as the consummation of their earthly desires. He had thought before now, not without remorBo, of what that future would he under her altered ciroumstances to Jane, and at times be wished that the events of the last few monthB could be recalled, and that be had never entered the Hall kitchen, or encountered the too fascinating Nanoy Doyle ; but another visit to the fatal kitchen dissipated the contrite feeling, and Nancy resumed her sovereign sway. "Of course, Jane," Michael replied, "yon don't like my change of religion ; but you say you wish for my happiness, and that has made me happy. 1 feel happier now than I ever did before." ' " And what makes you feel happier now, Miohael?" " Because I now feel what it is to be reli gious. Before, I tried to be religious, but could not be. I read the Bible, and said my prayers, but I never felt any more religious for all that." " And what," Jane asked, " have you found in your new religion better than in the old to make you feel more religious and more happy ? " "Well, Jane," answered Michael, resting on bis spade, and getting bolder as the conver sation advanced, "you see I understand things better. When I read the Bible for myself I did not understand it; and although I often said yes when you tried to explain things to me, I only thought I saw them ; and as for Mr. Romford's sermons, they always sent me to sleep, and Mr. Bayloy's were no better ; but in the Catholic chapel I see everything for myself. There is the blessed 8aviour hanging on the cross, and there iB the Holy Mother of God " — here Miohael crossed him self devoutly — "with a orown on her head and the Holy Child in her arm3 ; and there are the apostles and other saints of God for you to look at ; and then you see a real altar and real pnests, not sham ones as they have in the parish church ; and when you go into the chapel and see these things, and people kneeling before the holy images, you feel that religion is a real thing, and you cannot help kneeling down and praying like the others." " You have read the New Testament, Michael," said J ane, calmly, " and you know if there is anything in that Book of God about these things. Neither Christ nor His apostles ever had images, or recommended them to otherB ; and then you know that having them and bowing down to them is contrary to the command of God. You know the Second Commandment sayB, ' Thou shalt not make unto thyself any graven image, nor the likeness of anything that is in heaven above or n the earth baneath. Thou shalt not bow down to them nor worship them.' I am told that the Roman Ca 'holies leave that commandment out of their Cateohisms, lest their people should discover that God had forbidden the images which they see set up in their chapels, and that in bowing down to them they were committing idolatry." "The Catholics are not idolaters, Jane," said Michael, rather indignantly, " though Protestants say they are. They do not wor ship the images, only them they remind them of. They are not such fools as to worship wood and stone." "But, Michael, you acknowledge they have them and bow down to them, and both these acts are forbidden in the commandment ; and then you say the people only worship what the images represent — that is, besides Christ, the Virgin Mary, the apostles, and the saints ; but is not worshipping these idolatry ; for were they not creatures like us, and God's Word says: 'Thou shalt worship the Lord thy God, and Him only Bhalt thou serve ' 0 ? Then, Miohael, you talk about altars and priests just as if you had been born a Papist instead of being born of good Protestant and Christian parents, who sent you to school where the Bible was taught, and who taught you themselves. You know that in the Now Testament there are no more altars and priests than there are images and pictures. Jesus Christ is the only priest given to ns Christians, and His altar would be the cross on which Ho was sacrificed. You never read of Paul or Peter, or John or James, speaking about altars and priests ; for in their days there were no snch things. They spoke of Jesus as the only priest, and His own sacrifice of Himself as all-snffioient to deliver from sin and death, and to make believers in it heirs of everlasting life." "Well, Jane," Michael replied, "I suppose I once thought the same as you do, but now I know that Protestants do not belong to the true Church, out of which there is no salva tion. Their religion was invented by Henry the Eighth, because ths Pope would not allow him to put away his lawful wife and marry a bad woman that he was living with. I wonder Protestants are not ashamed of their Church that began in such a wioked way. They ought to ask the Holy Father to forgive them, and take them back again." " Michael, I could cry over your folly to believe such stupid nonsense as that. What haB Henry the Eighth, or any one, be he king or beggar, to do with my salvation ? Henry the Eighth did not write the Scriptures, and there I find my religion and my Church. I do not know or care what Henry the Eighth did hundreds of years ago, but I know what Jesus did many hundreds of years before that, and it is in Him I trust, not in any king or any Church." "But, Jane," Michael answered, "don't you know that there was but one Church in the world until a wioked monk called Luther, from some place abroad, who wanted to marry a nun that he was in love with, fell out with the Pope, and persuaded a great many people to leave the true Church and set up another, so that he might persuade them to have him for their Pope ? " "That's more of Priest Carwen's lieB," angrily responded Jane, " and you are such a fool as to believe him. Of course the Papists hate the religion of the Bible, which is so contrary to theirs, therefore they do all they can to keep the Bible from the people ; but even they cannot deny that the Bible is the Word of God written for our instruction, and surely, Michael, it must be a mad thing for any poor sinners like ub to prefer man'b fables and lies to God's truths. Luther had never seen a Bible until he was twenty years old, and then the Holy Spirit opened his eyes to see that if that blessed book was true the religion of the Pope mnst be a lie." "Now, Jane," asked Michael, "did not Luther confess that the devil helped him to invent his new religion ? " "Nonsense, Michael, Luther waB one of Satan's greatest enemies, for he taught poor sinners what Satan did not want them to know, that there is no salvation in any butthe Lord Jesus Christ, and whosoever oame to Him without saint or priest, but direotly, just bb they were, He would receive and save them. What the devil wishes people to believe is that they must try and save them selves, or trust in some poor fellow- sinner to do it for them. Luther did not want any one but God to help him to read and understand the Bible, where he found that man was justified by faith and not by works." "But, Jane, who can tell what the true faith is unless they are taught by them that have come after the apostles, and that Jesus Christ has promised that they Bhall make no mistakes?" " What do we want with men who say they come after, the apostles," demanded Jane, "when we have our Lord and; His apostles speaking to us in the Bible ? We know that when one poor trembling sinner asked Paul, Matt. iv. 10. 'What must I do to he saved?' he said, 'Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ and .thou shalt he saved ' : and if you or I, Miohael, had the power to ask Paul the same question now he would give us the same answer. Is not- that the true faith ? It is not to pray to dead men and women, to confess our sins to poor worms of the earth like ourselves and get absolution from them, to have a wafer put on our tongue and be told it was a whole Christ and that we were to swallow Him — to cross ourselves, to sprinkle ourselves with holy water, to repiat Hail Marys and Pater nosters, to wear trumpery Agnus Deis, soapu- lars, and such things about our necks, to go on pilgrimages, to eat fi3h on Friday, or mortify, onrselves in some other way. None of thepe things will take away our sins or reconcile us to God. The Holy Ghost says to us in the Bible, ' Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ and thou shalt be saved.' " " If that be all, Jane, any wicked person can say I believe on the Lord Jesus Christ, and then fancy himself a Christian." " That is the way the Papists argue against God," said Jane, with some severity of tone. If God haB said that we are saved by faith in the Lord Jesus it must be true ; but there is a great difference, Michael, between believ ing and Baying we believe. God only can make us believers, and then we love Him and hate Bin. True faith works by love. We believe or trust first in Jbsub for salvation, and then we feel delivered from the dominion as well as the punishment of sin, and choose to serve God from our love to Him and hatred to everything He hates." " Well, Jane, I do not see much difference between what Father Ourwen teaches and what Parson Bayley teaohes, only Father Ourwen's is the old religion, and Parson Bayley and others like him are trying to make the new religion look like the old. Doesn't that show that the parsons of the Protestant Church know that the Catholic religion is true, and is the right one? but why aren't they honest enough to say Luther was wrong and Henry the Eighth was wrong, and all them bad men that were called Reformers, and come back to the true Cburoh ? " " I cannot help agreeing with you, Michael," Jane said, "in what you say about Protestant clergymen trying to copy Roman Catholic prieBts. I wonder they haven't more spirit in them than to take payment for pro testing against Popery, and then doing all they can to help it and bring people into it. What should we think of English generals or oolonels drilling their soldiers to fight for the enemy against their queen and country? Such traitors would be shot or hanged, and I think they would deserve it." "I don't quite agree with you, Jane, for now I know that many things that Parson Bayley told us about the Catholic Church wbb right; only when ho knowB that and teaches it to others, why does he not come out like a man and help Father Ourwen, who is trying to teach Protestants that if they would be saved they must fly to the arms of our Holy Mother the Ohuroh." "I am afraid, Miohael, tint the arms of Holy Mother Church, as you call it, are not the only ones you wish to fly to. If people tell the truth of you, there is some one in the Hall kitchen who has been a great helper to Priest Curwen in making you a Papist." Jane said this as if she enjoyed the oppor tunity of letting Michael kaow how little she believed in the sincerity of his perversion to Romanism, and how well she understand his real motives in joining the Church of Rome. Miohael now perceived that the conversa tion was likely to take the turn which he had (he best reasons for avoiding ; he therefore abruptly concluded it by telling Jane that he was sorry he could not stay to talk with her any longer, as he had to go and cover the melon pits, to see if the cow was all right, and to lock the gates. Jane added to herself, with a sigh, "and to see Nanoy Doyle"; but she only said, "Good night, Michael," and re-entered the parsonage. (To be Continued.) 