GENERALITIES. Good only when used up-An umbrella. It ia a good man that can tell the age of a saw by looking at its teeth. If there ia anything whloh will make a yonng man query whether devotion ia not a failure, it is to see a pretty girl kiss a pug doer. First Wife: " Why did you have your husband cremated 1" Seoond Wife: "He swore he would haunt me. Now let him haunt." Business PointednesB,-Old Lady (rushing into drag store): " Say, mister 1 I want some paint." Obliging Clerk: "Ys'm. Face or fence}" "Will the coming man read books?" ia a Suestion wbioh a soientlBo paper asks. Not : he has to nurse the baby while his wife attends women's rights meetings. "If they were both intimate friends of yours, why didn't yon stop the fight ? They nearly killed each other I" "I stop the fight! Why, my good fellow, I'm a news paper reporter." Friend-Are yon happy T Spirit (through medium): Perfectly so. F.: What has pleased you most sinoe you left us ? S.: The epitaph on my tombstone. It both amazes and delights me. That waB a surprised dog whloh, when about to attaok an orRan-grinder'a monkey, saw the latter lift his hat and politely aalute him. He suddenly bethought him to some business he had in the next street. ' Little Mr. OFlynn" We have been mar ried foive years an' more, an' divil a cross word to me ould woman have 1 spoken yitl" Big Mrs. O'Flynn: " If yez did it would be the last yez would iver speak !" Douglas Jernild onoe boasted that a friend of bis was the kindest-hearted man in the world. " Why," said the wit, "be is ao kind-hearted that he would lipid an umbrella over a duok in a shower of rain." An American who had been ia the far East told a French lady that Hindoo girls are taught to think of marriage as soon as they can talk. She replied-" Frenoh girls are not. They don't require teaching." A young preacher pioked up Bishop Pierce's hat and put it on his own head, and it was exactly a'fit. "Why, Bishop," said he, "your head and mine are exactly the same size " " Yes," replied the Bishop, " on the outside." Mistress: " Wby, Jane, what's that you've got ?" Jane : " The new parry-soul and pro tector, mum, av coorse." " You with a thing like that I Whv, I shouldn't think of having one myself " " P'r'aps not, mum. It ain't everyone they becomes I" " TIMFBBABCK."-Overheard in a distiiot muoh peopled by the London Iiish brigade: " For why, Pat, don't ye give over the dhrink and jine the Lague of the Gross?" "Tay total? Niver. Land Lague as much u ye like, but no Water Lague for me." Two dancers who had been attempting a waltz at a ball Btopped a moment during a pause in the music. " So you are fond of waltzing?" asked the lady. "I adore it," responded her oavalier.. "Then hadn't you better try and learn ?" she oontinued. QUITS USID TO BAD SPIBITS,-A story is told of a shrewish Scotchwoman who tried to wean her hnsband from the dram shop by employing her brother to act the part of a ghost, and frighten John on his way home. Who are yon 1" asked the guidman. " I'm Auld Nick," was the reply. " Comeawa', mon.'aaid John, nothing daunted. Oie's a shake o' your hand \ I am married to A sister o' yours. P^fr (tp quiet strap ger on suburban road) ,- 'Hi! muter, jesthold that there horse's head for a minute while I get down, will yetf Stranger (nervously)-" Wh-wn-which onef Driver-" Why, the ofFun, to be ?sure." Strange?-41 My good man, I totally unacquainted with horses. and it ia quite impossible for me to tell which of your t animals is an orphan." A witty Judge in Dublin. who had knowa (Mr. Morley pretty well wnen Jie KU Chief Secretary m Ireland, met him somewhere, it 'is said, on the occasion of the Ripon-Morley 'demonstration, and was aooosted by the ;philbsopher thus-" We don't meet BO often now, Judge; and, indeed, I fear you don't often come across men of my views and ideaa " MTroth and I do, Mr. Morley; very often indeed," was the Immediate reply," not in society, thongh, bnt in the dock.*' "Country audiences," writes Mr. Crros cmith, "aw certainly most enthusiastic and delightful to -entertain. Of course there are exceptions, and the following is an amusing, one t-' We were at soma little plaae In the conntry, and when my father oonoluded the first portion of the entertainment, h9 said to the Chairman, who followed him into the ante-room - The andienoe seemed most enthueiastio. The Chairman replied, do you think so T "Well I thought they were, i£ anything, too enthusiastio; for iney wete knocking their nmbrellas and sticks on the ground all the time. The Chairman replied languidly, - oh, that waBn!t applause. Von see; our post-offioe is at the other end of the ? room,' and 'they are simply stamping the ? letters for the np mail,'" .' . A person of quality was .one day walking, through a field when a boll, addressed him ia On undertone and made for him with its head down and horns in a position to raise him. He was a great .offioial, a man of dignity and. power and natural pomposity, but he ran. He ran surprisingly well, and he got to the - fence first. He clambered over, out of breathe and dignity, and found the owner of the bull', calmly contemplating the operation. " What do you mean, sir t" asked the irate official* " What do you mean by having an infuriated animal like that roaming over the fields ?" " Well, I suppose that the bull has some right < in the field"'*- " Right 1 right I Do yon. know who I am, sir ? Do you know who I am?" The farmer shook his head. "I, sir -1 am General"- " Why on earth didn't yon tell the bullf AH AMEBICAN STORY.-ThiB is the story that Mr. Blaine tcM the Prinoeof WaleBas a typioal American story (says Eli Perkins) . Like all typical stories it illustrates a point. The kilmaroo story shows that moBt of our troubles are imaginary. Nine-tenths of then never happen. " Now," said Mr. Blaine to the Prinoe, "nine-tenths of our troubles never happen. They are all imaginary. When we get to them they are gone. They remind me of a man who was carrying something aoroBB Fulton Ferry in a close box. Every now and then he would open the lid cautiously, peep In, and then olose the lid mysteriously. His actions soon . excited the curiosity of a naturalist who sat on the seat by him. Unable to oonaealhis inquisitiveness further, thenaturalist touohed him on the shoulder and said, ' I beg pardon,, sir; bnt I am carious to know what you have in that box. What is it ?' ' Oh, I don't want - to tell; it will get all over the boat.' ' Is it a savage animal}' 'Yes-kills everything.'' Then the man peeped in again. Growing still more curious, tne naturalist begged him to tell its name. ' It's a kilmaroo from the centre of Africa-a very savage beaBt; eats men and ' ' And what do you feed it on t' interrupted the naturalist. 'Snakes, sir plain snakeB.' ' And where do you get snakes enough to feed suoh a monster?' asked the eager but trembling naturalist. ' Well, sir, my brother in Brooklyn drinks a good deal,, has delirium tremens, and when he sees snakes we just catoh 'em and ' 'But those are imaginary snakes,' argued the naturalist. 'Bow oan you feed a savage beast on imaginary snakes ?' * Why, the fact is,' said the man, opening the bos and blowing in it, ' don't say a word-this is an imaginary, kilmaroo.'" 