COUNTRY SKETCHES. [BY "THE VAGABOND."] AT WANGARATTA. In Australia generally, and especially in Mel- bourne, we are very proud of our public build- ings. But in the whole of the colonies there is not a railway station equal to the requirements of the traffic. Viewed from an architectural standpoint they are all remarkably poor. Those , at Sydney and Brisbane are perhaps the best. In Melbourne travellers who first arrive here by train from Sydney or Adelaide get a rather poor impression of our metropolis from the mean surroundings of the railway terminus at Spen- cer-street. The arangement here have been made on a sort of rule of thumb plan, im- provements being made from time to time in accordance with the exigencies of the traffic. Looking at the "scratch" accommodation, from the offices of the commissioners and traffic manager down to the porters room, onr is sur- prised that the service is so well conducted. As we start off to Wangaratta by the Sydney express, my companion and myself experience all individual atten- tion, whilst we cannot help observing how inconvenient the station is for the general traveller. We are lucky in having the Rev. G. D. Buchanan with us for part of the journey. This gentleman in his unclerical manner is a prototype of the Rev. Julian Grey. We have a good feed at Seymour at a reasonable cost, and arrive at Wangaratta on time and in a good humor. I find the same kindly greeting at the Royal Hotel, which since I was here last has been greatly enlarged. If I had not been so well treated by Mrs. Osbaldstone on a former occasion I should have gone to the Commercial, which has also extended its premises, and is now kept by Mr. Harris, late road manager for Crawford and Co., who drove me to Bright on my first visit to the Alps some years ago. It is pleasant to meet old friends and acquaintances in the country. I have some hearty greetings from the police magistrate, stately Mayor Thompson and Mr. Tone at Wangaratta. Mrs. Osbaldstone's fare one does not wish to better. One gets splendid butter and cream at Wangaratta ; but the butter is not quite so good as the Rosebrook butter from Belfast, the present favorite brand in Melbourne. I mention this as being the product of Mr. Lydyard's factory, and an instance that in the excellence of such productions we in Vic- toria are now getting quite on a par with the United States. In all agricultural districts the establishment of butter factories should be encouraged. The late Exhibition showed us that butter made by "separators" is infinitely superior to the old fashioned process. I would prefer to see two wholesale dairies at Wangaratta to the two breweries established here. After our evening meal we go for a walk through the township. The dim lamps cast a faint glow over the trees in the streets. The breeze brings a subtle odor from the gums on the river's bank. The gardens of private houses across which gleam the lights from curtained windows, send forth perfumes from English shrubs and flowers. The Roman Catholic Church looks in the darkness a more imposing building even than it is. There is nothing mean about Wangaratta by night. The broad thorough- fares and footways and the surroundings of the private residences impress you with the idea that this may be one of the suburbs of a great metropolis. On such an even- Ing as this it must be very delightful for young people to walk together under the trees of Wangaratta and forget the future in the present. It is very pleasant for me to have a kindly welcome at the home of one of the early pioneers, where the prevailing senti- ment is Australian, although the heads of the household come from the Emerald Isle. Why do not all of our native Celts bear in mind that if Ireland gave their fathers birth Aus- tralia gives them a peaceful and happy life, and that here, therefore, they should forget the struggle of cliques and of creeds which made life so miserable in the Old World! We are attracted by music in the establish- ment known as St George's Hall. Mr. Alick Tone passes us in. There is a very select dancing and "rinking" party on here. It is a private night, at which the "society" of Wangaratta is enjoying itself. There is waltz music and polka music and accompaniments for other round dances played on the piano on the stage. To these strains couples whirl round in the centre of the fioor, whilst outside tho circle of the dancers the skaters pursue their wild career. Sometimes a young lady dances; sometimes she skates. It is a general sort of "go as you please." One young lady attracts our attention by her elegant skating. Her father is the most striking looking man in the room. He has a military appearance and bearing, and is some- thing like a much photographed attache of the late Sir Peter Scratchley. Always on the look- out for character, I at once ask, " Who is that ?" "Have you never met Sergeant Steele?" says Mr. Tone. I am very pleased, indeed, to make the acquaintance of the man who took Ned Kelly redhanded. The lame school- master, Mr, Curnow, I met in the "lodge" at Ballarat. Now I know both the men who were the heroes of Glenrowan. The burst up of the Kelly gang took place nearly nine years ago, and I am very much surprised to find that Sergeant Steele is still only a sergeant, A Police Magistrate who knows as much about the Kelly business as most men has told me " Steele should have been promoted the very next day." That's the view most people would take, I think. When a police officer does a gallant action in the discharge of his duty, his service to the State should be acknowledged. Everyone tells me that it is a mystery why Sergeant Steele has never been promoted. But despite this he is one of the most respected citizens of Wangaratta, and the most striking personality I meet here. "Rinklng in the North-eastern district," says Mr. Edward R.Stenhns to me. "has had a wonderful social result. When we started exhibition skating and forming classes at Benalla and Wangaratta and Beecchworth, half the people, and. especially the ladies, did not know the other half. The professional man's daughter did not know the storekeeper's daughter, unless the latter's father was very wealthy, and so on up- wards or downwards as you think fit to call it. But when the girls began to meet at our classes they began to talk to each other a little, and I tell you, Sir, I consider that I have helped to start a social rovolution in the North-east, for people who never knew each other before are now quite friendly. Men of course meet at hotels, and drink and talk ; but the ladies here only saw each other in church, when they glared at each other's bonnets, and all felt mad at the girl who had the newest. "When we came and started the rinking business up here we supplied a want for womankind, Rinking is a truly democratic profession and is as respectable as teaching Sunday school, or my father's son would not have gone in for it. You look at the rinks as you go through the North-east and say if anything could be nicer." At Wangaratta I must admit that rinking does resemble Sunday school, in that it seems quite a dull and solemn business. It is rather an extraordinary coincidence that a few months back in Paris and London well known Ameri- cans were asking me after " Ned Stephens, of Chicago, who is somewhere in Australia." . And now I find that this handsome athletic Western boy has been " bossing" skating rinks at Wan- garatta and elsewhere. But in this he shows he is a thorough American. There is never any dis- grace in work of any sort in our eyes. "I've seen a good deal of Australia and had good times here, and have become a 'champion skater,' and I think I'll go home to Chicago soon," says Mr. Stephens. " Better send a cable ahead, Fatted calf for one,' " I suggest. There is no solitude like that which often comes to the unit in the multitude of a great city. There is no individuality in a crowded metropolis. Men are lost in the mass. James Russell Lowell well describes them They pass me by like shadows, crowds on crowds, Dim ghosts or men, that hover to and fro, Hugging their bodies round them like thin shrouds Wherein their souls were buried long ago. In the country, and especially in our bush town- ships, as Sir. Phil. Meynell has pointed out in Australian Wilds,, there are individual types which stand out prominently and are well worth studying. In Wangaratta each person may be an object of interest to the stranger, and he in return furnishes food for con- versation to the storekeepers as well as to the policemen. I have travelled a good many thousand miles since one day, at Mr. Bruce's charming residence at Ferntree Gully, a dis- cussion arose on Mr. John Ford Paterson's paintings. One of the party lamented that magnificent as these were, thoroughly breathing the true spirit of Australian Nature, they must always lack the color of the landscapes of the Northern hemisphere. Mr. Fletcher quoted Emerson's verse : — Little thinks in the field yon red-coated clown Of thee, from the hill top looking down, And the heifer, that lows in the upland farm, Far-heard, lows not thine ear to charm. Which one of us capped with— Nor knowest thou what argument Thy life to thy neighbors' creed has lent. All are needed by each one ; Nothing is fair or good alone. It is only in the country and country towns like Wangaratta, however, that one completely realises this, or that one can gauge tho re-acting forces of individuals upon each other, and re- cognise the varying phases of Nature which make up the whole beauty of a landscape. Wangaratta on this early autumn morning is a very charming place indeed. Since I tarried here some years back I have been to and fro over much of Australia. I have also twice visited Europe, and have been through Canada and the Pacific Slope of the United States. After all those experiences Wangaratta impresses me as a clean, pretty, prosperous township, which will compare favorably in every respect with any place of 2000 inhabitants which I know of in any part of the world. The broad main street has the Ovens River at one end and the King River at the other, these streams meeting just outside the township. Flourishing elm trees border the side walks. Here and there the footpath is nearly blocked. Many of the houses have balconies. Vines twined around these give a touch of picturesque beauty to the square buildings. The number of new houses show the increasing prosperity of Wangaratta. This town is being rebuilt in brick. Years back I am told this district used to be the bane of insurance com- panies ; now it is regarded by them as a most profitable field. Commercial men tell me that this is one of the greatest signs of solid progress. When a place is going down or strug- gling there are many fires ; when it is prosperous there are few. This in quite natural. Men with valuable businesses are, of course, careful in all things. Men on the road to ruin are careless, and apt to leave wax matches about for the mice and rats to nibble and ignite, and are not particular in safely stowing away all inflammable articles. Without the wish being father to the thought, many a ruined man might think, " What does it mat- ter if I am burnt out ?" But the people of Wangaratta to-day cannot afford to have fires, and take every precaution against such accidents. This is the centre of a populous and prosperous agricultural district. Fruit as well as grain grows around here in perfection, and much tobacco is also raised on the fiats of the King River. I am sorry to say that the Chinese are the principal producers of the "fragrant weed." They do not know how to properly grow or cure tobacco, and not only do the Europeans suffer through their competition, but the consumer also suffers in getting an inferior article. The stores of Wangaratta are open early. The shopkeepers are evidently anxious to look clean both inside and out. Small boys and large girls are busy with watering can and broom. Children are scanning their lesson on the way to school, Very pleasant and pretty children are these I meet, well spoken too, and in intelligence far beyond what British children of their years would be. These little boys and girls little think that, to me, they help to make up charming impressions of Wangaratta. The Australian native born is not very curious, but I daresay they wonder who I am. Not a commercial traveller — I am too negligent in my dress for that? Or the dentist whose approaching arrival is heralded at the Commercial Hotel ? One little girl confides to me that she is to be taken to this ogre of child- hood to have her teeth examined. Will he hurt her much? I reassured her by saying that dentists never hurt little girls ; only little boys if they are naughty. I have a little bird, too, who will tell me if. Mr. — - is no. very gentle, when my wrath, shall fall upon him. And so she runs away to school rojoicing. Yet I remember guiltily what an estimable lady, one of the Mothers of the colony, said to me when I made some playful answer to her little grandson : "Always tell children the exact truth. Never tell any fairy tales in reply to their questions." Alas! Why cannot we carry this theory out to other than children? The philosopher says : — " I covet Truth; Beauty is unripe childhood's cheat." Childhood is happy to be so cheated. The Truth, as we old men see it, often robs Beauty of all the gay enchantment. And faith! What fighting there would be amongst the women if they told those truths to each other which they sometimes tell of each other. Yet Mrs. A. was quite right ; one should never tell children "tarra- diddles." Yet how always reply to some of their awkward questions ? There are two picturesque figures at early morn in the streets of Wangaratta. Mr. Grattan Riggs is "on tour," and is billed to play here "for one night only," and for about the five thousandth time in Australia, The Irish Detec- tive. One of the company, seemingly anxious to impress the citizens of Wangaratta with the care which talent must take of itself, parades the street in slouch hat, tan boots, and an immense wrap wound several times around his neck. Of course this gentleman has on other articles of attire, but these alone strike the eye — hat, boots and muffler. Like "Dick" in the Mummer's Wif, this leading man may be in search of conquests. He is greatly admired by thoe school children. The actor is pictur- esque, but not quite in accord with the surroundings. The second figure is thoroughly Australian. Mr. Ashton could sketch him, as he has sketched many of his class. This poor old "swagman" goes halting down the street, stopping sometimes in the sun, whose morning rays give a semblance of warmth to the blood. He makes many attempts at lighting his short black pipe, and at last succeeds. You will never see the poorest swagman without tobacco. ' They may be in rags and without " tucker," but they have always got tobacco. To be without the means of obtaining a smoke would mean the arrival at the very lowest stage of destitution and degradation. The actor from one side of the street at Wangaratta watches the swagman on the other. Perhaps he is envying his "make up." Old laced boots, tied with string, old moleskin trousers much torn at the bottom, old flannel shirt, an old leather belt, an old jacket, and his head crowned by the oldest felt hat ever picked out of a gutter. All his garments are of dirt color — but a color of diverse shades, from that of red mud on the pants and boots to black grease on the jacket. His blanket swag, slung across one shoulder, looks fouler and dirtier than his clothes. His tin "billy" and pannikin are black and battered. This man evidently washes as little as an Italian monk. He is old, lame, evil looking and blear eyed. Yet, "the quality of the poor to our commiseration is their poverty itself." Heretic though I am, I believe in the words of St. Vincent de Paul. " Times pretty bad, mate?" I ask. The swagman gives me a glance through his red foul eyes, the look of one who for long years has endeavored to gauge the appearance of the representatives ot authority — constables, magistrates, gaolers, Visiting Justices. "You don't belong to this place, sir?" "No, I come from a great many thousand miles away," is my slightly Jesuitical answer. " Did yer ever have a dawg as loved yer and yer loved ?" " Yea." " Well, Sir, what makes times hard with me is as how that — ----- of ---- shot my dawg yester- day." The rod eyes gleam and the man looks murderous. "I suppose in Ned's time, mate, you would have put a firestick to his stables ?" " Yes ! by --- and I may do it yet !" I suppose it is very wrong to feel any sort of sympathy with such a man, but still I have had faithful dogs as my companions in many parts of the world. Yet, as I walk away, I wonder if I have been "had cheap" by this dog story. Tho children are in school, and people in Wangaratta begin to stir themselves. A young farmer gallops in hastily ; shortly after the Doctor rides by. One of the best public buildings in Wangaratta is the hospital The Doctor is a feature in the social life of Wangaratta as of other bush townships. In no part of the world are members of the medical profession so well paid as in Australia. If their work is often arduous it is certainly well remunerated, and in a democratic com- munity such as ours their social status is much higher than in Great Britain. Viotoria has been called " the paradise of the working man," but, if so, it is also a paradise for the doctors. In all the colonies there has been a fair sprink- ling of medical men in the different legisla- tures, who have helped to frame measures for the publlc good, &s; well as for their own pro- tection. Doctors, as well as lawyers, are very much annoyed if it is intimated that they belong to trades unions, but their professions are in fact as much trades' unions as any of the labor organisations in Victoria. " Boycotting" is practised by the followers of Iaw and medicine as well as amongst carpenters and bootmakers. It is perfectly right that these callings should be protected, and that the public should be satisfied that a standard exist established by law, which is a guarantee that the possessor of a diploma has a certain mini- mum of knowledge and experience making him reliable to minister to our physical ailments. In our own medical school at the University of Melbourne this standard is theoretically high enough, the examinations being much harder than those of the medical schools in Great Britain and on the Continent. Yet, after all, does the possession of a diploma carry a full guarantee of a man's fitness ? It has long been a popular superstition that patients are "cut up" in 'hospitals to allow the surgeons a chance of practice. As a matter of fact it has been shown that many men have died in hospitals after "brilliant operations," which if successful would have prolonged their lives, but without which they would also have lived for some consider- nble period. Poor people have, in fact, been killed to allow the eminent surgeon an oppor- tunity for experience which in future days would gain him a 500 guineas fee. And it is also well known that certain medical men, fully qualified, and who hold up their heads in the light of day as they walk down Collins-street are guilty of criminal practices for which less skilful performers have been sent to gaol and the gallows. Their will if not their poverty consents when a rich Romeo brings them a purse well lined on behalf of a Juliet who has not been shriven by the Friar Lawrence. All over Australia, too, the " drunken doctor " is the curse of the land. A lawyer who attaches himself to alcohol may whilst in drink neglect the interests of his client, but for malpractice he often gets "struck off the rolls." There are not-so many cases of this punishment being inflicted perhaps as there should be, but still it is inflicted. The priest who comes to the bedside of the dying man, and in a drunken state mumbles the regu- lation prayers, may be unfrocked. Yet neither drunken lawyer nor drunken priest can do the harm which lies within the power of the drunken doctor. No one, however, as yet appears to have any authority to prohibit such men from the practice of their profession. "Wangaratta is happy that it has the best of medical men here. A handsome young priest swaggers down the street. He is the picture of health ; one would say that he took a bath and ran a mile every morning before breakfast. He is very self conscious, looking for all the world like the Irish priest of whom it is sung — Father O'Flynn, you've a wonderful way wid yer; All the young women are eager to pray wid yer. Full of health and strength, well fed, well clad, what a contrast is the Soggarth Aroon here at Wangaratta to his compare I have lately seen in Ireland. This young priest has evidently no thought of worldly cares ; he has money in his purse ; a pound to him is of less account than a shilling to the poor priest in Ireland. I repeat that Australia is the very Promised Land for the Roman Catholic clergy. Yet, to do them justice, they work harder than those of other creeds. I have seen them in the Back Blocks travelling weary miles to "round up " "scattered members of their flock to the fold, giving spiritual consolation, and collecting their dues, where Protestant parsons were never to be found. Yet the most hard worked of them is not by any means so hard worked as hundreds of his fellows in Ireland, and they have their reward here in power and emolu- ment. The incomes of many parish priests in Australia are equal to those of the " fattest " English rectors and vicars. I know of. at least one case in the colonies where a parish priest's annual income is over £2000 a year. How is this earned? What capacity have the peasant priests from Maynooth to administer to the Spiritual wants of the faithful Irish Australians, who are far more devoted to the Pope than the Romans them- selves ? As I look at this fine specimen of flesh and blood in clerical garments, I think what a good soldier or good policeman has been spoilt by Maynooth teaching. A very dear friend of mine, an English priest, formerly an officer in the army, strongly main- tained that the fittest servants of any church were those who had passed a period of proba- tion in the World, which necessarily included some knowledge of the Flesh and the Devil. David, the sweetest singer of Israel, the man after God's own heart, sinned and suffered and repented. The great Hebrew King had known the depths of misery and the heights of passion, otherwise he could not have written the Psalms. The Rev Father P— held that David would have made a first class priest. From this point of view, when I arrive at the last stage, that of repent- ance, I too maybe eligible to be admitted into the ranks of the Catholic clergy. It does seem very absurd that the son of an Irish peasant, caught young by Maynooth and turned out from thence with an education chiefly composed of a knowledge of monkish Latin, should be considered eligible to All the offlce of spiritual adviser and director and confessor to men and women superior in position and who must know more than he does. What can a Maynooth student know of the social temptations which beset those in the world ? It is only the natural genius of tho Celtic race and the gift of tongue which its members possess which enable the young Irish priest sent out to Australia to hold his own before the world. But as all his historical education has been derived from Lives of the Saints and tra- ditions of English oppressions and hatred of Ireland and the poor Irish, He is unfortuuately an active fomentor of "Home Rule " agitation, and as such anything but a good Australian colonist. Still on the whole the Soggarth Aroon in our country towns is a very good follow indeed with a hearty welcome and a good glass of whisky for the strangerr. Acoording to the rule of his church I am doomed to overlastlng torments in the next world. But tho Aus- tralian priest has ofton made my way Btnooth and pleasant in this o&rthly; stage. In Australian country towns tho ohancos aro evon as to tho first advent of tho priest or the doctor. After them comos tho lawyer. Shortly utter ono of tho "dovil's own " haa boon settlod in any community thoro is always a demand for a socond of his class. It is an axiom in tho logal profession that any town which can support ono lawyor con maintain two, "And thus tho means to do ill .deeds make ill deeds done." Shakspoaro, in Tarquin and Lucrccc , lias well pointed out tho crime of opportunity. .At "Wangaratta and elsewhere, if legal gentlemen moro or less "learned in the law"haduotstartcd practice, with out doubt.much litigationsociul hoart burnings qml general " onvy, hatred, malice and all unoharitabloncaa" would havo been saved. There is occasional discussion here as in other country distriots on the practical amalgamation of tho tipper and lower branches of tho pro fession, ono gentleman practising as a barmtor, independent of solicitors. Selborne and Stawell Chambers are very scornful at such breaches of etiquette. But all over tho colonies I hold that tho profession of advocate and attorney should be nmalgnrnatod, If this were legally done there would bo 'much- saving to, the public in time and monoy.' This is the practico in Now Zealaud, in South Australia, and to an extent in Queensland. Two of tho best living judges in Australasia were attorneys— Mr. Justico Williams/of Duncdin, New Zealand; and Mr. Justico Mcin, of Brisbane. "Wangaratta is well off for lawyers. I do not recommend any young gentleman just out of liis articles "to start in practice here. Rather I would direct him to Omoo, whoro thero is only ono gentle man, learned or othorwiso, in the law. ' Ho wants im opponent to keep up his practice, Mr. Comyn, from Bairnsdule, having to bo brought up on all important cases. A lawyer by himself iu a country town languishes, whilst tho community which is without any logal practi tioner at all is happy. Thero is ft now ftnd a strango feature in tho streets ot Wangaratta this morning. The Mon golian hawker we havo always with us in country as woll as town, out the Indian lolly maker and vendor is a novelty. Iu his cotton clothes and turban lie is outwardly more picturcsquo than the Mongolian. Tho peculiar form of sweets which I10 makes and pells I10 calls " Indian Delight." This looks liko a mass of red and whito shavings. I buy some for tho purjKiso of interviewing tho man and am rather sorry I parted with the 6d., when lie insolently claims his right to trade in Wangaratta as a British subject " This much my country as yours Sahib, Queen Yictoria, Hurra Mahara7icct s\i6 my Queen. She Jet me come here. No one dare touch me. Queen protect me.: Englishman live in my country. Queen let me live here." If this argument were true all tho Chinamen bom in Hong Kong or the Straits Settlements have the right to swamp Australians. This phase of tho Imperial doctrine doos not com- - mend itself to me. But I am pleased to sco the nativo born of this district have shown the superiority of our own race transplanted to Australia. Mr. William Allan, for instance, was born and brod near here. His flour mill is one of the featuroe of Wangaratta, and, tako it all through, it is ono of thojnost complete I have Been in the world. After "spcering" at my companion and myBolf as to whether wo are "millora" anxious to piok up trade secrots, Mr. Allan shows us over his establishment. From "first break" to bagging everything is dono by machinery. Tho latest improvements aro seen here. Everything looks clean and bright. The quality of the wheat grown in this district is u guarantee of tho quality of tho flour whon turned out with tmoh caro. From tho upper floor of this mill wo have a charming viow of tuo slopes of the Warby Ranges, It is in this establishment, showing as it so tho roughly does the benefit of the proteotive polioy of our colony, that I got my last and most pleasing impressions of Wangaratta. According to tho Calcutta correspondent of tho Daily News of tho 5th April, Mr. Hart, tho Chinese onvoy who was Bent to Calcutta to sottle tho difficulty with Sikkim, is likely to fail in his mission. Like tho pure blooded Chinese official beforo him, who essayed tlio Bamo task, ho probably fails from no fault of his own, Tbo Tliibetaua arc obstinately bout ou not knowing whon thoy aro beaten, nnd they rofuso all concessions. Thoy havo been beaten twico or threo times — at no slight co3t to the Indian Government, aa all operations against thom havo to be carried on in the clouds, und each time we havo been assured by tho apologists of tho expedition that the lesson would finally serve. Long boforo tho close of bat year our field force was broken up, though garrisons woro left nt Gnatong and Gantok till peace was signed. They aro thero still, and now the Calcutta papern wish to havo tlipra descend into the Churabi Valloy on tho melting of tho snows. The Llamas, it appears, declino all discussion until wo subscribe to their pre liminary nrticlo — a recognition of their suzer ainty over Sikkim. Do they know what tlicy mean by askiug it, or do wo know what wo mean by refusing it? It seoms ft small matter as argument of war for another campaign. Our trade with Sikkim is said to be about equal in volume to tho transactions of ft London tea house ; but it may improve. Miss Alico Cornwell (writes our London cor respondent on tho 12th April) has now been in London for just a week, but the interests of her rapidly improving newspaper property, tho Sunday Times, have naturally occupied her attention to tlio cxolusion of the public schemes with which her visit to this country is mainly associated. Next wook, however, she proposes to be refcrenco to both tho Adolaido Outer Harbor project and tho Australasian Mining Trust Company, which eke propo-03 to launch with tho view of giving English shareholders the chance of gotting hold of AiistraUsinn mining properties at "bedrock prices. In regard to tho first mentioned sohomo, »ho will bo confronted by tho opposition of a numbor of leading South Australians, sovcral of whom aro over hero just now, and whoso private property interests aro opposed to tho adoption of a schemo which appoars to meet with almost unanimous l>opulor support in the colony. In regard to tlio mining trust, it will, require a stujiondous effort to give any sort of a fillip to tho obsolutely dull and dead markot for Australian mining securi ties. In hardly a single instance has any von turo of tho land floated hero during the last few years given oven decent results. Miss Cornwoll's own Midas is just rather under a cloud, and when ono looki at tho long list of British Broken Hills, Kaglo hawks and other hitherto over promising but novor producing companies ono cannot bo sur prised that the British shareholder should turn away with disgust from oven the most promis ingly baited prospectuses, the rocont collapse ox Mr. Fitzgerald Moore's Quaylo Company having, if possible deoponcd the previous depression If onco the Midas could bo made dividend pay ing, Miss Cornwell would bo supplied with A lovor whioh would help her now sonome® ftloDjf to a mwrveUoua extent 