TMB l?®lsT®J.®&l3; SSSWASSOHo It ia now abundantly evident that- Oalico rule Hub reached its end in 3-Tew South Wales. Ths preoenfc elections may or may not return a working majority o£ Frotec tionista to the new Parliament, but there can be no further doubt about their amaohing irretrievably the huge majority hitherto afc the back of Free Trade. Con sidering all the circumstances ok ttie case, thia is a result with which the people's party have reason to be more than content. Two years ago the Freetrader^ swept the country, and returning to the House with a two to one majority, the men o£ soft goods and shoddy valiantly boasted o£ their resolve to ' pluck up Protection by the roots.' 'We were about to have established without a mo ment's delay the millennium of M'Millaniam, when every Australian man chould wear a shirt from a London oweating-room made by a pale-faced starving woman and im ported at uouriouo profit by a Potts' Point prince. Well, the middlemen's millennium has not come, but on the contrary local labour has sucessfully asserted its right to be freed from the degrading competition of the foreign sweating-room and to demand remuneration according to Australian otan« da' da. When it came to fair stand-up political fighting with an equally-matched opponent the Oalico despot proved himself an irredeem able coward. As ooon as the importers' ring found that the people were waking up. to the mockery of ' free trade,' they threw away their fiscal arguments and inconti- . nently dropped down on their knees to implore the supernatural aid of the Kiama G-host against Protection. Even in the city and suburban constituencies, where every Calico Jimmy and Calico Jimmy's clerk have duplicated and reduplicated voteOj thefres^ traders abandoned the fiscal field before a blow waB striick, and called for a vote on the Education Question. They might just as well have called for. a vote on the Habeas Corpus question. That measure could bem do way whatever aiJected b'y a vote on the revision of our Customs tariff, but the foreign* trade papers insisted that no other issue was at stake. Catholics were in favour of Protect tion, they pointed out, wherefore the test ox: a Protestant's loyalty could only be fur nished by his voting for Free Trade; This it Ah tho sort cf argument advisedly used by both. the .Evening News and the Daily Telegraph. Il ProteBtants were not aa much inclined as Catholics to favour local an against foreign industry there could be no reason for ap pealing to them m any such way. Ths foreign traders eaw that the only way to avert crushing defeat on the fiscal issue waa to prevent by thia old-faohionedj cowardly dodge the fiscal isoue from boing voted upon. What a change from the arrogant spirit with which they went into the fiscal fight two yearo ago. And what a change in th.9 result. Instead of boasting a two to one majority for Free Trade the monopolist journals are now expressing unbounded joy at the pro spect of a drawn battle. To lose the whole of their vast majority is, they submit, a ' glorious victory/' bo long aa the Protect tioniats do not at once (succeed in getting unchecked control of the House. That is a kind of victory which no one is very likely to envy them. But even 3uch as it is it does not represent a victory for Free Trade. 'We may assume that the frantic appeals of the foreign trade press to Protestants to put their Protectionist principles aside at any cost rather than hold tbem m eommbn with thoi? Catholic fellow-citizens has had some effect on the elections. No doubt here and therea-simple-roinded Protestant was meanly chouced out of his fiscal vote by the mono=- polists' unscrupulous trick. In 00 far as this attempt to ' criminally manipulate' Pro testant Protectionist votes has been success ful, the Freetrade candidates have been advantaged, but it is absurd to expect the cause to permanently benefit by auch flimsy tactics. The ease aa put by the Freetrade journals is thin. A majority of Catholics are in favour of Protection, ergo Protestants must vote the opposite Seoul ticket or elae jeoa pardice the Education Act. Let us for a moment look where this desperate argu» ment logically . reaches to. A majority of Catholics in thia colony believe in Magna Oharta and the Habeas Corpus Act. According to their own logic, there* fore, we call upon the Evening News and Daily Telegraph to at once organise a loyal Proteotant rally againct these measures* Ii: the Education Act can only be saved by ProteBtants electing to starve m the streets rather than support local industry while their Catholic fellow-eitizena are in favour of ito being supported, we don't see how that law can possibly be safe, if there is harmony between them on any subject what ever. And by this reasoning all that Oatho«' lies need do is declare for Free Trade, when the duty of the loyal Protestant will bo to rush frantically to the standard of Protec tion. Ox course the foreign trade press will t~\r\Y. nOVD va Irxorr ifn I r\r/i n in f hn i-n nr\ own admit thia, but that will not prevent the average 3STew South Wales citizen from exercising his own common sense in the matter. The proof that he is exercising it is found in the fact that so many of them have voted on the fiscal iBsue and treated the Kiama Ghost scare with manly con tempt. The result is not only a defeat for the Calico party, but a defeat attended by disgrace. They fought with poisoned weapono, and have reaped all the odium of those tactics without avail. They mav pr8* vent Mi1. Dibbs from obtaining a working majority in the new House, but that is neither hero nor there. The great fact is that they have not been able to avert the complete and irretrievable overthrow of t\\.r. Oalico fetish which New South Walea has so long worshipped under the name of Free Trade. 