ENTERTAINMENTS. THE THEATRES, &c.; The revival of Harbour Lights " at the Theatre Royal appears to have considerably contented the public, but it is to be with drawn and the new play of "The Silver Folia " substituted to-night. On Saturday afternoon the benefit to Signor and Sign or* Hajeroni took place at tbie house. The theatre was well filled, and the results to these very deserved favourites of ibe public will be a good deal more than nominally beneficial. The programme, as is customary on each occasions, was a varied one. It consisted of an act of " Harbour Lightssome songs by Mr. Nash ; a song by Hiss Jenny Lee ; an act from the nearly for gotten drama of " Jane Shore," by Mrs. G. B. W. Lewis and Mr. Trnebridge ; a song by Mr. J. F. Sheridan ; a song and dance by Mies Whiteford ; "How Bill Adams Won tbe Battle of Waterloo," by Mr. Snszeffe; the third act of "Jealousy," by tbe btntficiairct; tbe overture to " William Tell," by the com bined orchestras of the Theatre Royal and tbe Princess's; Bungs by Miss Llewelyn and Mr. Beaumont; a perfect piece of panto mime, by Mr. San and Mr. Walton; and the scene in tbe Capitol, from "Julius Ctetar," by Mr. Miln, Mr. Flemming, Ma Douglas, Mr. Greens way, Mr. Dobson, and Mr. Atbel wood. In the course of tbe performance, and at tbe end of the " Jealousy " Bcene, an address from members of tbe profession was presented to Signor and Signora Majeroni, Mr. Dumpier being spokesman. Signor Majeroni replied warmly and feelingly, and expressed a bope that be and his wife wonld return to Victoria after their contemplated visit to other parts of the world. At the Opera-boose, Mr. Sheridan's re vival of "Fan on the Bristol" has enjoyed a success quite unexpected. The whole per formance, however, baa been so good of Us kind that there it email wonder that it baa been so acceptable. In particular, mention most be made of Miss Grade Whiteford, who for a certain kind of airy, dainty graceful ness, or winsomeness of manner, and a per fectly natural style of acting, could not be distanced, and has very seldom been equalled. To-night at this house Mr. Miln resumes the management, and he will open the Beason with "Othello," for tbe effective presentation of which unusual pre parations have been made in the way of scenery and appointments. Foremost among the artists employed in this presentation is Mr. John Hennings, whose name is sufficient to warrant expectation of a high vre of completeness. At the Alexandra Theatre, on Friday night, the 6th iuBt., the Dampier season ended with tbe production, for one night onty, of "Romeo and Juliet," the occa sion being further signalised by tta being for the benefit of Miss Dampier, who, of course, played Juliet. She had pre viously appeared in the character in Sydney and other northern regions, and her Intelli gent conception of the character had fur nished the occasion for much favourable comment It is obvioua that Miss Dampier baa given cloae attention to the dramatic eentuda o£ this complex atodr. Volumei have been written, and volumea wUUtvfi br written, both o! the poetic fiignificance ol fct | character and of the manner In which it ought to be represented, and some ol tht opiniona expressed thereon have acquired ttt authority which by those who have areve. reutial regard lot traditional pronouncement! ! is regarded aa indisputable. Especially i8 it them considered bs settled beyond the limits j oi controversy tbat no actress can pietely delineate an ideaT jSJ/*? C°ai' alleged good reason that the ' for tb« look the character is too young «t well enough to act it, and thn? can act it to perfection has nn * capability by years of studr ann!"^ tbe fore, past her first youth, and * * consequence too old to satisfy thf" ** requires physical attributes con«i!P' *bich a very young girl's moral natai -n Tith dogmatic insistance it may at nni°i*bich that plenty oi facts are on record r®8aid T» *> no further tb.u "'««»■ eonteesedlr the tdeel Juliet »hhi ^ memory, we had both youth ana i give resemblance to the cW% 10 its power and force were ^ frotn experience, tut from 'that Ef • 0t perception of what belongs to'the ,-h. U?e which is better than all the mainr^ " born of habit, etndy, and technial ^0^ phshment Miaa Dampier, thenars regard it as quite within the cmu^ If7 i»wers to represent a Juliet oi theim.l tion without waiting until she hag doub£ her present age. Her own good sLv l ' ever, will tell her that in giving life to ihTa* exquisite creation of Shakspeare the m! she discards tradition and rule, and the^S completely she is bound by the canonS authority or by an obligation to obey E-J mcsl injunctions, the more speedily wilUh,' win success. The character i8 which an actress must veritably preciniS ! er88,f 'f 8be «"8hesto «sch to the highest standard of excellence. Of tbe other ch« sclera in the play first mention is to be made ot the Mercutio of Mr, Dampier which was full of the finish and the delicate pomt to be expected in an aclor so well qualified both by natural gifts and by ac quired skill as be is. Mr. Bootbmaa'g Romeo was an effort more than creditable something too robust, if not at times robustious," for the romantic lover, bat a manly Romeo nevertheless. The appoint. mentB of the play were of exceptional com pleteness, and if consistency with the text wa9 occasionally sacrificed to stage effect it cannot but be admitted (hat although'it might critically be considered au "effect defective," it had its recommendation on tin grounds of pictoresqueness. On tbe following night Mr. M'lVade made bis firet appearance in this part ot tbt world.in Ilip \ an Winkle, 'a play which, since first it was produced here in 1SC2, has been made familiar to us by many representations, and tbe principal char, octet by many representatives. It hu happened that we have hod several different versions of the play. The main story of Washington Irviug has, of course, been pre served, but there have been not a few devia* tions from tbe action in point of detail. Mr. M'Wade's version complies tolerably with tbe plot of the story, but it may k questioned if it does not thereby lose in point of dramatic interest. Thus we Lave beet nccustomed to see tbe scene in the moon* tains where Rip encounters the spectral ere* of Hendrick Hudson end in a wild rare!, th( Dutchman and tbe ghosts singing madly ani dancing wildly. It may be that it did ml occur to Washington Irving to finish thr{ scene with an infernal revel, but there wonlf have been nothing inconsistent in bit causing it thns to end. Admitting the po& sibility of the ghosts, end of their playin; skittles op in the Katekiil Mountains, andoi the rolling of the bail being mistaken lot thunder, there wonld be nothing nnreasouablf in his making them drinkand sing and danct with the drunken Dutchman. Mr. M'Wade, however, prefers die quieter ending, and si his IUp goes to sleep without soy demon strative ebriety, and the spectres slip awaj instead of sinking into die rocks. Thil scene, however, may be regarded as an example of his manner of treating tbt character all through. In conventions) phrase it is a very quiet performance. I' shows intelligence, and discernment, and thoughtful purpose ; and it is entirely con sis tent. It does not ripple, nor sparkle, noi babbie, nor coruscate. It is placid, some times sad, generally serious, not to! Jickiug, full of contemplative moods, never fitful. It is logical, deliberate, self-contained. You wonder that such a Bin should have permitted himself to be driven out of his own bouse by a shrewish wife. You would rather have expected him to sit down and argne the point with her, and convince her that the weather was unsuitable for sleeping out of doors. Bis drinking habits do not Bit well upon him. You prefer to explain them by supposing that be is only acting a part Sach a Rip would be estimable, amiable, business-like, thrifty, not Give" W undertake risks. He is tender, and at times even pathetic, but his tenderness does not evoke sympathy. You admire it for its q°'et virtue, but it does not lay hold npon yon Mr. M'Wade, however,b" fi"J nsanderan obligation for presenting as with a K»p >n 8,1 reapacts different from those to which w® have been accustomed. It Is a thought" iul and an intelligent piece oi act' log, and it well merits attention }°[ its artistic finish. On the same occsskw Hiss Louise Hal bee made her first appear ance in Australia, playing Dame Van WiuW® in the first net and Dame Van Winkle8 daughter in tbe last, Sbeippesredtotakea# extremely gloomy view of the situation, ana made her shrewishness rathe* melodramau and not strongly domestic. Her voioe, for some reason not entirely explainsble, ww very indistinct In the last act her •till with difficaUy separable into articnl«" Bounds, but her manner was, if something solemn, not at all unpleasant, It was apparent, too, that in order to give proper effect to the shrewish wife Bhe bad sacrificed some of her personal qualifications, which, at any rate, demonstrated her art judgment. Of the rest, Ur. Baker made a presentable Derrick, Mr. Holloway was completely at home aB the elder Nick Vedder, Mr. Martin was over-lossy as Knickerbocker, Mr. Tasmati as Fitz quite unnecessarily roared ; Mr. Boothman filled very well the propor tions of the grown-up Stuyvesant; Mr, Stone ham, as a member of the legal profession, was, as usual, vocally Boanergetic; Miss Merton, if somewhat ample uf person, made a pleasant-looking Alice; and Miss Bit ton, as an indefinable village maid, was agree ably lively and vivacious. Miss Mabel Russell Bhowed a surprising ability aB Little Peter. This young lady has not been Been much of late on the stage, but when very much younger than she is now she gave promise of something more than clever ness, and this, her latest essay in a child's part, is so truly natural and so free from the artificial readiness of your merely mechani cally clever child that she is to be particularly spoken of. The other child's part, Little Steenie, was played very prettily by Miss May Renno. The stage appointments were perhaps inevitably extemporised. Borne of the parts did nothsrmoni-e, and were consequently perplexing. The ocean at the base of the Katskills was particularly so. At the Princess's Miss Jennie Lee's spirited acting in the part of the lively youth whose adventures spread themselves all over "Jack in the Box" has brought together well - filled houses, who have manifestly enjoyed the joyousness and genuine good humour which ehe makes contagious enough to ensure everybody's sympathy with her. Bhe was to finish her 6eason yesterday, and to- night Miss Acliurch is to make her first appearance in " A Doll's House," the drama which has been enj>ying so exceptional a popularity in London of late. At the Victoria-ball there was a change (o a in.>re cu.-iom.iry programme, thougb without any marked novelty; but new things have been provided, and the architectural alterations are to accomplish considerable improvements. At the St. George's nail the London Pavilion Company have continued in their recognised grooves. Avid Mr. Snazelle, r t the Athenreum, has attracted fairly good bouses to see his undoubtedly interesting dissolving views. The Victorian Orchestra gave their eleventh concert on Saturday afternoon in the Ex hibition. The programme consisted of the not too well known overture to "The Bleeding Nun" ot Gounod, some ballet selections from " The Prophet," a Symphony in C. from "The Jupiter" ol Mozart; Auber's overture to "Zanetta;"a gavotte by the conductor ; the inspiriting "March of the Priests," from "Mendels sohn's "Athalia;" and as a tribute to the memory of the late Mr. Ormond, the funeral march from Beethoven's "Eroica"Symphony. The more familiar of these pieces appeared to be the most acceptable to the audience, but they were all played with a careful regard for the particular effect to be produced, and tbey were greeted with appropriate ap probation. The concert on Thursday night, at the Town-hall, was announced aB "popular," and it consisted of the overture from " The Black Domino;" Taubert's le9B-known Lie besliedchen, a delicate piece of music for oboe and violins, which was encored; the ballet music..from the "Coppelia" of^De libes; the always acceptable Boccherini minuet; Beethoven's adagio in B flat; the inspiring march from "The Prophet; the overture to " Rienzi;" ballet music from "Feramorz;" minuet from Ilaydn's No. G symphony ; and Guug'l's "Der Rekrut " march, which proved a delightful finale. The audience was ample and responsive. 