.. p — = \ novel tat Tie IttaigM Prophecy on, HEIR .QF STRATHSPEY TOWERS. \- By Emma Garrison Jones. CHAPTER XXIL . A.Qiibat VicTon. Lady Strathspey and Judtib, who was her nolo attendant, took tho flrat out- going train, and journeyed on as fast as steam could carry them toward AukUud Oaks, in tho county of Kent. \- A feeling of dcatli-liko spathy and despair . Irozellie poor two s heart as shstatin an ob&caro; corner, lior face thickly veiled, living orer again every moment of that Inst torriblo scono with her husband. Notono bitter word, one cruel glance, had alio fcgottou. Rut as sbo recalled them all, una sentence struck her witli peculiar forco. 1 Day after toiunrrow I will meet your gallant colonel, and put a bullet through his heart.' I or tho first tinio its truo Import Unshed upon her. Her wbito checks grow whiter, and her breath caroo in gasps. l)id it mean a dtulf On nod on they sped,- tlio golden noon waned, and tho dreary autumn Imbglit began to fall. Sbo would soon reach tho old homo of her happy girl- . hood. Rut that temblo sontcnco rang In her ears;, ' Ray nflcr toonorrow.' Tho coining morning would ba that day. Only ono brief night intervened. Ono night more, and : i' hor husband, dear as her own life-blood still, in \- epito of all his cruel jqj aslico-hor husband might \- . bo lying stork and dead on some' lonely heath, \- with tho stniu of murder on his sonl. tiho aroso to her feet with a suppressed shriek. .'Judith, slio wliisperod in a strango, awed voico, 4 how far je tlio next station ?' vmy ft iuuo way, ray lady,' replied tlio girl, looking up in wonder. 1 can see tho lights from tho windows now.' ' \Yo must got oil thero; I am going back." / My lady I' ' lluah ! Hftvo tho baggngo sont on, and ask s ndquostions. Her deathly wlnto fao3 and wido, horror-filled eyes frightened Judith, and sho obeyed in silonco. r - ; Tboy gut oIT at tho littlo waysido station . waited for tho return train, .'j ".'.j Tho autumn night was waning, tho stars wore growing dim, and .fur beyond tho purple hills tho \- . first fauit li i of, dawn were beginning to glow, when the i. ..died tho Penrith station, up amid tho Cumberland lulls. > . - . Engage tho flrat carnogo you boo,' whispered \- the countess, as thoy got out. . . -Judith obeyed in wondering silence. . ' Drive to thoCcdars. tho. seat of Lady Yerney,. -.and dnvfl for your life,. sbo commanded,' as tho driver closed tho cnrringo door. .Tho shrill clarion of n cock from some noigh- . houring farmyard, broko tho morniug silonco. The countcsB uttered a faint cry; ' Oli, merciful Heaven I ' alio moaned, 1 it may '- ho too lalo 1 Drive fast 1 1 sho criod to tho driver; : ... 1 tie a matter of.lifo and death 1 Driro fast, and Irwlll donblo, troblo your fco I ' - ' ; .Tbo man sprang to his box. and lashed his horsosliko a madman. They flew through the :j .> dewy English bills like tho wind. Andthocountoss ir'". sat liko a statuo. lior hands locked',' hor wide, . -7- .horror-filled oyes watching tho redddnmg dawn. : . ' ; At tho Cedars everything was aa silent as tho v gravo, .Lndy Vtrnoy B household slept well after l"' their arduous dutios. Tho grand bid masque was . -to como oirin acouple of days, aud her. ladyship ; and lier attendants vcrv busy . with preparations. v-7 . Away up in ono chamber of tho pleasant Eng- I'Tv..- - -.RbU country honso a solitary light was burning, \- " "oe it had burned through tlio livelong night ; and in that chambor sat Colonel Gilbert Ycrnoy, in -whoso honor all this gayety and display was to I'.-y.v.-.i.'. b#.v " \- ... -Yory calm, and cool, and geritleraanltico was ' tho Indian officer, as ho Bat thero sottling up his" / - ; earthlv affairs and making 'ready for tho death 7 that tho morrow might bring. Ho had full faith 7 lulus own skill, yet ho did not underrate that of. '- ,v his enemy.- Lord Strathspoy was a good shot, . ' and pistols wcro to he their weapons. s.v ;.' -. Tne colonel liftd mado liis will and written a. i.- - 'M briif- chiirnctenstio noto to tho woraau who was > t-abo bia wife, and a fow lines of instruction and \- uxpianatiou to his sister, who was utterly ignor- i r . ant of tho awfnl event that was impending. i 7 Tho rest of his limo ho dovotcd. to msking out a- cloor and conciso etatomont of all that hadoc- ':7 "currod botwQon tlio Countess of .Strathspey- aud "himself, in which ho fully set forth her purity .. and innoccnco- This dono, ho arose, smoked bis v .- ' inevltablo cigar, and glancod out at' tho redden- ingdawn. It was time to sot out. Ho did not caro to ho T;.v. ; lata on tho field. Ho doscondod tho stairs with r. tho samo sorono and sphlnx-llko faco ho always woro, and was In tho act of lotting hlmsolf out " '' whou a vlolont ring at tho door-bell startled tho liolo household. Tho colonel ononcd tlio door, | \r:-r . ahd stood faeo to faco with Lady StrntliBpoy. -Ho divined hor errand on tho inBtant, andlcd 7\. . Jior into a small nnto-room adjoining, tbodoorof srhtehbe locked- Tho countess dropped into a \- ' ' seat, breathless and aide from fawguo ana cxano- -v -ment- Tho colonel crossed to tho mantel and poured .out a small goblet of wino, which ho com- w- . pellod hor to sWallow. s ..... . x < How Lady Strathsnoy,- ho said, as lio glanced-, 'i-' .- at his watch, 'lotmohoar what you have to say ; I havn't any ilmo to Ibso.' Thecountosa looked up at bia atom, icy faco, ond hor very soul sank within her. . Colonol Ycrnoy,' slio said, 'you aro going to £aht a duol with my husband? ' I am I ' was tho laconic answer, .\ vi »AndIhavo como. . biio continued, her voico 7 ' thrilling with agony, 4 to entreat you to forgo i'V ; : 'JueVwhat I Bupposod,' repliod tho officer, ' : v- - buttoning his coat: 'lam truly sorry, madam,. but I cannot grant your request ; and now, if you V ' ; have nothing moro to say, I must hid you good J'\ " - HSSodo toward tho door, but tho poor woman ready,' but if this duol takes place I shall go mad I iV-v 'Ky 01», Colonel Ycrnoy, hero pityonmol M.ilnu),- (lUMlionoa tUo Colonol,- nltttt sim- i ; 7%' -. i oatientlv- 'why do you cotrto to mo t «! by not vo''-"-iii;: makavour w?po&l; to the Earl of Stratbspoy 7 . 'BecauBO,' sho roplied, with >n uriutterablo pathos in hor voice, 1 bocauso tho Earl' of Htrath- spey has caBt mo off, nnd. forbidden mo ever to I CQtnointo his prcscnco— Ac would not hear me— I hut, Colonel Vouncry, ho is my husband, and J I Ivvz him \ and on my kneos I imploro you to I Bnvo Itim and yourself from tho awful crimo of I murder r ' . Tlio colonel, despite b'is seU-command, was dooply moved. -His bearded lips actually I trembled, as ho raised tho kneeling countoss and I placed hor in a seat. | Lady Stratbspoy,' ho said, ' this is very pain- 1 £al — I wish you had not Bought this interview. I £ cannot grant your request. Your husband in- 1 suited mo, and then challenged mo to fight him ; I and at this momonft ho awaits my coming ! And I you como here to ask mo to back out aud brand I myielfacowar.d! '' 'Hot a 'coward,' Colonel Yernoy,' sho criod; j a christian— a man so bold and bravo that ho I dares defy tho pitiful estimate of mon, dares do | what is right, for tho sako of. his own soul, for I tho sako of a miserablq, hcart-brokon woraau Colonol Ycrnoy havo mercy 1 In tho years to como, whon you havo a wife of your own. it will bo a bitter drop in tho cop of your happiness to I remember that you took my husband's lifo, and I sent mo to a sufcido's gravo 1 For your own sake, ! .for my poor husband's sako, for tho sako of my I littlo children, havo morcy 1 ' I . Sho throw herself at his feet again, clasping I bis knees, and raising her streaming eyes . to his I faco. ' Ho shook her off almost roughly, his faco growing white and rigid. '.Great Heaven I' lie burst out; 'I'd sooner be shot a dozen times than endaro this, -Lot mo alono, madam, I must gol' Ho strodo past her, and, unlocking tho door, hurried ont. _ Tho dawn o! day was in its glory! The cast one blazo of gold, all tho hill-tops crowned with purple mist, tho sweet, fresh air alivo with rejoic ing melody 1 Something in this swcot and solemn beauty, in tho twitter of tho birds, tho bleating of tho folded Iambs, tho breath of tho I opening blossoms : sotno subtle influcnco touched this cold, cynical, worldly man's heart, and ho stood still on tho steps, glancing solemnly nroond Ll„ T?__ t i t , UIUI. J.-U1 Htu lUBb UIUV, |H)IUOJ>9 | 111 uuuiiier I hour his soul might bo in eternity J I A faint, gasping sob, from the poor woman 1 within, reached his ear : tho woman- ho had loved I so in tho. days of his impetuous youth. Ha 1 turned sharply on liis heel, setting his white teeth I hard beneath his moustache. 1 IIo wan a bravo man, this Indian colonol, but J never had su:h snhlimo coursgo inspired him as I at that moment. Ho strode back, and !uto tho | anteroom, whero tho countess still knelt, her face! stUl hidden in her hands. j 'Lady Stratbspoy,' be said, curtly, 'I'll not I fight your, husband.' . I Tho countoss sprang up with a cry of joy, and I began to pour forth her llianka and blessings, but I before sho could utter a word tho colonel was I gone. And whilo sho and Judith wcro bolng driven back to Penrith Station, to mako a fresh start for Aukland Oaks, away out on tho borders of tho ScvcHoak estate, in a secluded bottom, known as Willow Ridge, a solemn group was gathered. ThcEarl of Strathspey and his two seconds, who were Colonel Chudloigb and a young guards- msn named Putnoy, and two gentlemen, tho seconds of Colonel Yerney. Everything was in readiness:, tho spot selected, tlio distance paced ofT, all tho iiorriblo prelimin aries arranged, and, pistol in hand, tho haggard carl stood in tho soicmu hush of dawn, eager to I stain his bouI with tho awful crimo of murder. | Tho birds began to twitter amid tho willow boughs, tho golden light broadened aud deopened, and presently, abovo tho irarplo peaks of the Cumberland hills, appoarcu tho glittering rim of the golden sun. But Colonol Gilbert Yernoy had not como. Tho carl strodo up and down, gnawing at bis moustache in liis fiery impatienco, Sod ono of tho colonel's seconds mounted his bono and redo off to ascertain tho causo of his dolay. . In a short spaco of tinio ho galloped back, bringing tlio start ling news that Colouel Gilbert Vornoy declined to fight. . 4 Curso him 1' muttered tho carl, white with disappointed rage ; ' bo's a sneak and a' ooward, and I'll shoot him down dn sight,' liko a dog ' . 'I don't know,' mused - Colonel Cliuulcigh; ' I'm inclined to think it required -more coursgo en Yerney, 'a part to give , op- this duol than to fiohtift.' .7 . % \ CjHAPTEB XXIII. lucrru's sonjtow. | At first, as is always tho caso, there was a won 1 drouB commotion over. this scandal in high life' I Tho affair was discussed from tho Scottish border | to Land's-Eud, for the Earl of .Stratbspoy was a I noted man ; it filled tho public journals; and con- 1 stituted the topic for all tho tca-driukings for n I month afterward.. - .'As a matter of course, "xrabllo sympathy wpnt I with tbo oarl. A British poor, could not possibly I bo in ;tho wrong. - It was lils wife, bis fair; woak | wlfo I" - 7-- v ' I "Frailty, thy name is woman 1" - | Lady Hovillo took tho matter in hand, and soon- promulgated tUe popular theory. 'Whatever Lady I Novillo did was popular, v - -.ri. ' I Poor Angus r sbo said, referring to tho enrl, I hla domestic alllictioiis aro so spvero I He was a man to bo pitied. His countoss is i/imukc 1 That is tho secret.' Thoro was a taint of madnossin the Aukland blood; sho warned tho carl of it before be I married her.' J \- Whoever would, liavo dreamad of such a| romanco as that shepherd boy in the Tyrol being Lord Strathspoy's son, but a m&jiiac; 1 Tho carl believed thu boy to bp hor own oldld, born be fore their marriage; Lady Neville did not kuow about that. Tborowas a divorsity. of opinion rela- iivo to tho. child's ago. But tho countess had ' acted shamefully, and was not' ,to bo trusted in- anything. This was tho popular belief, and tho credulous British public swatlowod it without asking a ques tion. L. , Moanwhilo, Lord stratbspoy, hoping to drown somoof'his bitter anguish,- took himself oil to foreign lands, loavingthe divorce, and his children, aud everytjiiug else to tako caro of themselves, or to bo takon .oaro. of by bio capablo relatives, the Nevilles. His' countoss. sottled down very quietly in her old homo at 'Aukland Oaks, with Judith as com- panion, nnd some old and devoted servants, who i had nerved her dead father. Very fow fiiouds, I apart from these, had tho onuo flattered amj bril- I liant couutoss. Public opinion was almost unani- 1 mously against her. Evou her lawyer, Sir Henry 1 Golbrailh, iuto whoso hands sho submitted tlio I .ctBO of her littlo boy in tho Tyrol, oven ho, while I ho took tbo caso in baud, and- dotcrmincd to mako I tho best' ho coutd of it, looked uipoii tho wholo I thing as a supremo bit of npnspnso, anil upon ! his clioilt herself, as ayrcak,addlo-braiiied woman, who would bo mucli safor lodged in a mad house. k Only ono of her former friends, stood by lior in hor ialloa fortuno. This ono was old.Dootor Renfrew. Uo inado his way .down to Aukland Oaks to pay her a consolatary visit. Tho old Scotchm&u; had n keen brain, and was intensely practical in his shrewd common - sonse, yet strango enough, ho boliovcd ovt>ry word of tho story cuncernhig tho Tyrol lad, on tho first hearing. And ho wont down to -Aukland Oaks to offer his old patlont his aid arid consola tion. McanwliUo, Judith, faithful aud dovotcd to hor unfortunate lady, had her own sorrows. Tho five tthonsnnfl nmmrfff. which vras to havo been k'er m'orriago dowry, lav Bnagly in tho bank, nwaiting I her order, and sho hod in addition a nico littlo sum I saved from tier monthly wages. Enough, m she | told herself, to put Hendriclc and horaelf' far be- 1 beyond tho roacu of want. But Hondrick did not | come. I For months the Victoria, tho. ship on which I he salted, had .boon 'duo, yet sho did a not I como. And-riow, every' uumber of the Times, I that tho anxious girl took up, contained some I item in reforonco to tho Oxpocted steamer. Ono I week sho was scon off this placo, and tlio next 1 week off tbo other, but at last the truo lntelligonco carao. : - Judith road it ono morning, sitting iu tho protty breakfast-room at Aukland Oaks, . | 'Lost at Sea,' in: ominous capitals; headed tho 1 column oL'raarino intelligonco ; andtho simplo account followed. Tlio truth hud been got at in regard to the missing steamer Victoria. . Slio was burned in tho Ohincso waters, aud not ono of bor crow escaped. Not ono I - IIopo died In Judith Ford's heart, as sho read tho.so last words, and a hope that was very doar to libr; Site was a qutet, self-possessed girl, -but hor affectiotft were Very dcop, and alib lovodthis sailor lpYer, as fow womon lovo. Yqt »he uttered no cry; only tho ruddy crimson left hor brown chcoka, rind sho looked out at tho window, agaisqt which thg wintry storm was beating, with blank desolation in her eyes. Slio was nn orphan, without' kith or kin in tho wido world, nnd just at that moment, her nlarriage dowry, nnd her HtUo hoard of earnings, seomod worthless. 8Iie ottered a dry sob. Tho conntess, musing before tho lire, heard it, aud looked up; Tho girl's blank, hopeless face startled her. ' What is lt, Juldth ?' sbo asked. Judith crossed to where sbo sat, with tho Times in hor hand, and her fingers on tho para graph. 4 Tho Victoria's lost, for sure,' sho said, 1 and Uondrick's gone I' There was an ihdoscribablo pathos in her qnlot voico. Lady Strathspoy's eyes filled with tears- as sbo glanced over tho item. Sho put out her arm, aud drew tho girl to her side. Ororcomoby her lady's kindncss,iJadlth dropped on her knees, aud rested her head on hor shonlder, weeping quiet, but bitter tears. Tho countess stroked her brown hair cares- . 1?oor Judith— good, faithful Judith,' sho said, 'if it is true, wo shall bo nearer and dearer friends than over, friends in tho sacred bonds of Td'lt w.3truo ! 'Tho Victoria notor rctumcii, and Hcudriok iru sono I ' vOHAFTER I . -w Wliioa LADY DMJUUOKD MAKES A I ' SUQOESTION. Tho London season sot in, and Lady CectHa Drmnmond aud her circlo of gay ad mirers took- flight from Cavendish Manor and opened tbo baronet's town house in Grosvonor square. Tho baronet was quito bountifully supplied with wealth ; othorwiao ho nover would havo I boon my. Lauy Cecilia's husband; and the ap pointments of his town house were very magni- Jlcont. - Lady Drummopd and Lady Hovillo wcro tbo :bcat of fnuuds. Their elegant mansions were in tho samo locality; and they mot continually at the fashionablo assembles, which both fre quented. It was at -Lady Drummond's first ball of tbo season that tlioir first meeting, after tho separa tion of tho carl and his wife, took placo. A very charming aflalr was this ball, got up on the graudest scnle, and attended by tho very creute de la cremc of West Eud Bocioty. Lady Drummond was tbo queen of hosts, and her qoterUinraonts. were always largely attended. Tho 'spacious drawing-rooms were filled with beauty and splendor on this her first night ; costly silks, and priceless jewels, and sweet- , scented blossoms glittered and glowed in tbo I light of tho swinging chandoliers ; ana ever all I throbbed tho bowildering sound of exquisite I music. I My lady, in subcrb black Lyons velvet, with I rubies in tho laces at her throat and amid hor I black hair, looked moro entrancing than over, I and her dear fivo hiindrcd friends welcomed her back with tbo most flattering assurancos of delight. Slio did tho honors in the most approved manner. 3ho scorned ubiquitous ' in bor -graceful attentions ; smiling radiantly on one, speaking a pleasant word to auo.hcr, and breaking hoarts at random with tho glancos of her glorious oyes. I Sho danced and sang, nnd fairly outdid her- I self In tho way of being charming ; and yet, I nevor perhaps in all her life before, bad tho fair I Cecilia felt moro despondent. | When tho bail was fairly underway, and every one was bolng amused and entertained, sho I atolo out from tho crowdod . drawing-rooms I into tho dim, cool silonco of tbo conserva- I tory. I One little compartment, filled wjtlr rare foreign plauts,aud ahpt off from tho wliolo by glass doors, I was secure from Intrusion. .... I ' This sho ontered, "and "closing, tho door after I bor, she thr6w her'solf into the rustic seat with a I sigh of relief. ' j.' Xady Drammond had looked for tbo Earl of j Strathspey at her ball that night; 1 1 He cau como in a quiet wny, with you and Sir I .Harry,' sho wrote in her .note of invitation to I Lady Novillo ; it will do tho poor man good to juingiu mvu uio invuuB) »uu wuuru io iuu luipru- Iprlety?' . ' But instead of availing himself of hor invita tion and attending tho ball in a quiet way this provoking poor had takeu himself off to Sicily, for. tho winter. : Lady Cecilia sat.down," and pushod baok tho heavy braids from her forehead, her dark brows corrugated with vexation. . . '.Gone to SioilyJ' she soliloquised ; ' gono, and Icountcdso much on having him here ! Oi all provoking men, Angus, Karl of 8trathepoy,ls moat provokiugl But I'll havo my revenge yet 1 I will!" She 6ot her wliito teeth, andlockod hor jowellod hands in fierce determination. The music throbbed upon, tho pctfamed air : . tbo rhythmic murmur of dancing feet soundod , faiut aud far awjy. She tergot herself and her duties in the mad dening memories that Crowded on her. I ' Sbo secmod to bo back again in that faraway morning of youth and hope. How happy she ! was ! How beautiful sho was, and how sho loved bimi | This very provoking-man, Angus, Earl o! Stratbspoy, how sho loved him in his manly, Saxon strength, with the honors of all his race | descending to him alono. How ho thrilled her I wttb tho glancos of his handsomo oyes, and won her with tho flatteries of his honeyed tongue I How lie called her his own, his bride,hls countess, and then at tho very last when sbo almost felt tho coronet upon her brow, cast hor off, and at I his father's bidding, married another 1 I . And that othor, tho ono woman in all tho I world .whom sho most hated — Msrgacrito, daugh- rier of Sir Roland Aukland, heiress of vAakland 1 Oaks- | And but for this Marguorite, this blue-oyod I Pearl oMCent, as sbo was called, through somo j kindredship on tho father's side, the baronetcy | of Auklanu, together with tho old chateau in I Franco, and all tho Aukland moneys, would have I descended to Cecilia Cavendish, of Cavendish ! Manor. | But tho hluo-oycd Pearl of. Kont lived and ! thrived, nnd tho Lord of Strathspey Towers went down and wouueu nor. . And she, grai.d-nicco of "a duko, with all lior haughty prido and queenly beauty, was left for- akun iu Iter droary old manor-house, with scarcely a pound of ready cash. . Thinking it all over, -bor dark cbooks flamed, and ft baleful light blazed In lier black cyos. Ho- j thing short of a complete rovengo would over I cancel that bitter wrong, that terribly humiUa- rAngus of Strathspey had blighted her lifo, and left her to marry an imbecilo old baronot for tho sako of his goul and titlo; and as surely I would site blight his, and bring his proud head down in tho dust at bor foot. Sitting in tho dim light of the conservatory, with tho gorgoous blooms around hor, this woman looked tbo impersonation of a beautiful fiend in hor costly robos and jowols, her rare faco distorted by tho most maliguant passions tho human hoavt over knows. A rustlo of silkon drapery in tho adjoining apartment startlod her.- . It was Lady Novillo, who camo in to look at tho Horrors ami got a breath of fresh air. A proud arid regal woman, very liko tho earl, her nrotlior. Rhn nlakod a -cluster of hollo- trope, and sat down, inhaling its fragrance. Lady Drummond arose on the instant and hur ried out. 'My dear Lady Ncvillo,' she said, sinking down on an opposite seat, 'I beg your pardon. 1 wab choking with tho heat aud ran in here. I hopo it is. not growing tcdjous in tho drawing- rooms?' 1 Ob," dear, no,' replied Lady Hovillo, as aho fastoncd tho holiotropo in tlio loco of her bosom ; ' I nover saw a more successful ball. Your balls aro ' always successful, Lady Drum- I mond 1' 1 4 Aro thoy, my dear Lady Nevilio? If you say so, I'm content. But I beg your pardon ! I fancy you look a trlflo paler than usual. Aro you quito I 4 No, not entirely well; I folt just tho least faint whon I left tho ball-room." ' Lady Drammond caught up bor littlo silver I bell and tinkled it. I Iu an instant a page stood boforo her. 1 A bottle of port,' she said, 'and somo I glaflsia. i port, Lady Nevilio,'. bIio ex- nlaiiiod, as tho page returned, witli tlio requisite articles on a silver tray; 'Sir Varnoy pronouncos it unBurpRMcd. Juek one glRB®, 'tffilf run through , |«yoUr veins liko fitei V. She poured out a couple of glasses, drinking ono herself whilo Lady Neville sipped th other. ' I've not been myself,' said tho latter, 4 for a wook or two, indeed not since— that sad affair of tho earl's.' Lady Drummond nodded sympathetically. "Tis a terriblo affliction,' continued Lady Herille, putting down her glass, her blondo' cheek flusutog from the effects of tbo wine. ' " I can't bearto think of it. poor Angus hflmilintcd ! . But ho deserves it. Uo should never havo married an Aukland P 'I bog your pardon, Lady Novillo,' smoothly put in Lady Cecila, 1 but tlio taiut of insanity is not in tho Ankland blood, It comes from tbo mother's sido j .your brother's wifo's mother was a Rowland, and ' the taint comes from tbo Rowland blood.' ' Does it indeed 7 Oh, dear 'mo, I really beg your pardon, my dear Lady Drummond, I did not think— you aro connected with tho Auklands, aro you not ?r ... , 4 RomoMV,' replied Lady Drummond, with a repressed flash in hor eyes, 4 Don't distress yourself, my dear friend, I'm not a bit oflondeJ. I'm quite sure.' I do not inherit tho family taint.' 1 Well, tho Auklands aro a fine family,- con tinued Lndy Neville, ' and poor, dear papa was eager for the match. Indeed, ho commanded it, 1 believe. Angus had got into some entangle- mens, and poor papa wanted1 hira to marry. Rut denr mamma and I warned -them of this very thing. And now it has broken out. '8b sad for a man liko Angus, so young, and. with snch a career tyeforo him. Ite's completely broken down ; no heart or spirit for anything.' 'Docs ho contemplate getting a divorce?' asked Lady Cecilia, presaiog her hand against her heart to still'lts fiorcb throbbiiigs. ' Ho did,gt first— or rather wo persuaded him to do so. But ho has changed his mind again— he say's ho won't suffer tho disgraceful affair to bo dragged before tho public. You see, ho boliovcs his wife to bo gnilty of criminal conduct. I don't speak of it, but yon arb a donr friend. All that story of tho child, you know, which the countess fancied was her own, nnd insisted that it.. i _i i-i -_i I.J i «__« xi _ii - iuu van buuuiu atauunivuga — i ut'iiaio » au w bo nonsense, tho vagartos of a maniac's brain ; but Angus,' loworing. her voico, and speaking confidentially, 1 boliercs the boy is her own, born bofore her marriage/ " Really 1 And where is tho boy 7' questioned Lady Drummond. . 'I scarcely know— somewhere in tho -Tyrol though, I think. Oh, 'tis just the' most absurd thing. A poor peasant's child that slio chanced to fancy.' Lady Cecilia's eyes gleamed liko ihoso of a panther about to spring. I wonder, she suggested cautiously, ' if slio, tho countess I mean, could havo. connived at tho abduction of her own babe, in order that this child might supplant him.1 'Tis horrible to think of, but Angus believes it.' 1 Ho does, poor man ; how I pity him,' Lady Drummond said, her oyos gleaming with a vricked triumph ; it will bo bad to have It dragged before tbo public for her children's take. If I were con cerned, I slioold stop it.' ' \Yc aro trying. Sir Marshall lias scon Gal- braith and requested him not to tako her case in hand. She is taking stops to have tilo child's rights, as aho fancies thero, established/ Lady Drummond laughed, a peculiar, rippling peal, 'Dear mo,' sho said, I if I wcro tlio Earl of Strathspoy, and that woman's husbaud, though she's my cousin in a remote drgreo, how cIScct- tually I woald stop all tills scandal.' ' How V questioned Lady Novillo. 'IIow? Simply enough. I wonld cxcrcisea husband's authority, and shut hor up in a mad house, whore sho could not harm herself or others/ Lady Nevtilo started. Clover aa sho was sho had never dreamed of this, aud it appeared so oasy, and not at all cruel or wrong. Slio was an intensely proud woman, and'this was such an efi'cctual way of hushing up tlio scandal. If tho earl were only in England. - _ Lady Drammond watched her keenly, and saw that -her arrow . struck homo, -as sho intended it should. 'And the doar little children?" sho asked, 4how aro they?' 4 Oh, quite well;. only Lady Pearl grioyes for her mother. Amras is a eerfect stoic.' 'IIo's liko tho titratlispoy's, isn't ho?' 'Well, yes, I suppose so; at toast ho will bo as ho matures." ' ' . 'I thought tlralikonosa very striking, as I ro- member him,' said Lady Drummoud, with' a most wicked emtio. ' Poor little things, it is so sad. But tho very best have tlioir troubles; it will all blow over in a littlo while. Dou't worry your self ill, doar Lady Neville." 'I'll try not,' replied her ladyship, as ..sho arose; 'and nowlftopposo it- is our duty, or your duty rather, to return to tho drawing- rooms. Rut really T&m; in no mood forgayoty ; and dearest Lady Drummond, if you'll allow mo I think I'll ordar my carrisgo and drive homo," Lady Drummond was deeply grieved,, of. course, yet sho yielded hor consont, and tho sister of Lord Strathspey departed, her brain filled with tho now. purposo that bor friond's words had suggested. CHAPTER XXV. TUB HYSrEIUOUB FOB 00A2S. Tho Countoss of Strathspey found horsolf hedged in with difficulties on overy band. . Tho estates of Aukland Oaks, and tlio French chateau were hor own, hut there was no available raonoy, audit required cash in abundance to institute and carry on a lawsuit. Moreover, whon sho "wont to her fawyor, Sir Henry GalbraHh, with a great many apologios, and in vory pollto phraso, ho do- dined to taka tho caso in hand. Ho had nover lost a case, and ho did not caro to loso ono. Hers was simply hopeless. Tho E&rl; of Strathspoy had accepted and acknowledged ono child as bis own, and there was not tho least proof in tho world to establish tho claims of this other ono. Nothing but tho fact that ho. had ft similar birth mark. A dozen children in the kingdom might havo tho samo thing ! _It was a woak ca30. and ho was forcod to doclino either adyico oraction in regard to it Tho countess wont awny bitterly disappointed, At. tarred to aclmowlcdffQ tho truth of what tho lawyer had said. Sho bad no heart to mako an-' other effort The winter wont by slowly and drearily at Auk land Oaks. Dark days and dismal nights to poor, hoart-broken Judith and her lady. And spring brought thorn no hopo. Tho young folingo began to apront upon tho oak boughs, and tho Kentish hop-Holds to grow; groon in tho genial sunlight, but for tlioso two there camo no rift of light, no ray of hopo. Lady Strathspoy rondo no effort to neo her own children. Her husband's dcorco could not bo dis obeyed. Much as sho hungered, in b> motherly tenderness, for little Pearl,. oven for poor, sallow- chocked Angus sho made no effort to seo them, and Lady HoTillo sent hor no tidings in regard to With tho opening o! tho warm wcathor, sho and Judith journoyod down to Dover, and across tho Channel, and into tho grcon valloy of /ho Tyrol. Tlio shophcrd's cottago was unchanged. Tho old man nnd his wifo still lived, nnd littlo Romulus was growing to bo a flno Ind, stout andsturdy,and vory handsomo in bis Saxon fairness ; arid with overy yoar tho mark upon his fair, round arm, grew deopor and ruddier. ' " DUl lUO Uiu nuuinu uau u okinuu Diutj toll. 44 Only a week before," said sho, 44 o strango woman liad beon thero; a haud-omo woman, dark and tall, but with a wicked look in hor eyas. Sho wanted to seo tho child tho Countess of Strath spoy had sont her. Littlo Romulus was called tip and paraded before hor, and slio stared at him as if ho wore a ghost, her faco growing white, and her limbs Bhaklug under her. Then alio went away, but tho next day slio returned, and said tho countess wishod the boy to bo brought to England, and had sent her to pay tho old pooplo for their trouhlo and tako him away. But tho old noopto refused to give him up, and hold on to him in tho faco of all this straugo, dark woman could say Lady Strathspoy grow whito with terror, as alio hoard this story, and sho drew tho child to her bosom with a convulsive clasp. M My darling, you are all I havo/ slio sohhod, and thoy would rob mo of yon/ 'And you did not sorid tlio. strango woman- then, my ladv ?'' questioned tho old man. 4 Bond hor ? ' Oh, ho, no L' cried tho countcsB ; 44 it 1b somo vilo conspiracy, somo cruel falsehood, to got him ont of tho way. But thoy shall. uot, thoy shall not -have him! My own boy, -my darllugi my darling 1 . Romulus looked up with wondering ores, only dimly comprehending tho cause of tho beautiful lady's tears, nnd listened grnvoly whilo tho countess nnd tho old couplo discussed their plans for tlio future. Lndy Strathspoy desired to tako tho boy to England, and deeply as -it grieved thorn to glvo him up, thoy thought it would bo better. He might bo stolen from them, aud it was time, as his mother SAid, that his education was being cared for. Their rirraiigomenffi woro made accordingly, and After a fow day's sojourn in tho valloy, tho morrow was appointed for their dopnrturo. Tho afternoon was unspeakably lovely. A May afternoon amid tho sunlight Alpino peaks. Lady StrathFpcy took hor littio bajr by tho hand anu started out. for a walk, leaving Judith to assist tho old woman in her evening labors. Sho strolled along tho edgo of tho valloy, the great mountnin peaks towering abovo her, littio Romulus gather ing blossoms nnd skipping pebbles, and. Wolf, tho grim sheep-dog, tottering along behind. Tho boy ran on Bhouting, and laughing, and shaking tho blondo ringlets over his bright bluo oyes; such a handsome, .manly littlo fellow, S3 liko his father, tho'husbnud 'whohad wronged and insulted her cruelly. Tho countess watched him, her heart swelling arid her oyos overflowing with tears. FrcsoDtly thoy camo to a lovely littlo nook at tho rery foot of a great cliff, a mossy had all orer grolfn with wild blossoms and red berries. Lady Strathspoy sat down on an arching rock, whilo Romulus gathered tho berries and blossoms and twined thorn into a garland for Wolf's neck. Tho afternoon sunshino streamed around them in rifts of gold, and tho murmur of tho rlrcr and tho notes of tho ring-doTO filled their ears with music. lb a littio white a flock of goats camo bleating by on their way to tho cottngofold. Wolf pricked up his cars and stared after thorn, and little Romulus followed, shouting and laughing at tbo frolicsotnff gambols of the kids. Sroiftng sadly, lp countess arose to follow, whon all at onco, as imbo yawning mountain had sont it forth, a black fi$nro nroso before 4ior, a tall, shadowy figure, with a wild, unearthly face 4 Countess of Strdthepoy/ it cried, with that niuuuiuvitiMo ,buk«i "> lUBi Burou icmuio voico .ho bo well . remembered, 1 havo not my Brrordo eometroo? You aro roblwil oi your wealth and titles, .corned by your husband, and derided by tbo world. My hqpr has comb.' Juady Strathspey reeled bach against tho rock. halM.!utlng in her tcrribto fright; hut a .brill cry, a child's cry, aroascd her. Sho started for. ward jtist in time to .co tiro black>robcd figuro disappear roand tho cliff, bcariog littlo liomulus In it. arms. Tho liny was struggling to get Iroo and his cap had fallen olf, tearing his fair hoad baro. Tho poor mother norer forgotthat sight. lYitli ono wild Bhriok ot agony sho darted a'ter them, bat when slio turned round tho bono ot tho cliff thoy wero nowhero to b® seen. Wolf, tho ahcopdog, leaving his csro of tho goats, started oIT in pursuit, keeping his noao to tho ground and haying deeply. Bat tlio scent Eesmcd to bnlllo him. In tho green rnlloy boyond tho ellft there waa nothing to he soon bnt tho browsing goat, and tho pCBcdol M.v .nnrhtno ; and tho poor animal, conscioa. It teemed that liis little playrnato wa. gono, ran hack to tho spot wlitzo his cap Uy, and cronshtng down hosido it, howled monrnfolly. Lady Strathspey made tier way back to tho cottago and told her tcrrihlo story. Tho oU man atnrtcd ont anil onmmonod hi. neighbors to help htm. All night long, from tho rising to tho sotting of. tho mars, thoy limited, scouring tho valloy., climbing tho bold cliffa, peering into tbo rooky caverns, but littlo Itomulus could not bo fouud. 