Sporting Gossip. [BY THE VAGRANT.] JB.-Your black and white dog, Daikness, was a good peiformei in Victoria He is by Rcgistrai Geneial x Kew Maid, by Nutlad x Romp, and ns he has the blood of Bashful Joe, Cauld Kail, Union Jack, and Bab- at.th'-Bowster, his pedigree is undeniable -Your red and white bitch, Turn-o'-Luck, is somewhat similarly bred, being by Bannagher (son of Bashful Joe x Black Bess) out of Kew Mnid. Handover, who won the Welter and Jockey Club Handicaps at the late Singleton race meeting, has changed hands, Mr. N. Johns, of Newcastle, becoming his purchaser, and I hear the price was ¿6125. Handover is a son of Sunlight and Mr. John Mayo's ancient favourite Express, and is not at all a bad shaped fellow when well. Mr. Frank Mayo purchased him as a colt, and used him as a hack, but not liking the way in which he was growing sold him for JB15 to Mr. McMenamin.his late owner, j -or at least he gave another person half a sov. for making the bargain for him. | By the way, in the report of the Singleton gathering which appeared in this journal, an error occurred in giving the pedigree of You'll Do, who won the big race on the opening day. Mr. Cook's gelding is by The Works-not Splendor- out of the onco well-known hurdle racer Ethel, and by the way You'll Do has inherited his dam's " lepping" abilities, for I am told that he is a wonderfully fine jumper. Just here I might mention that You'll Do is also the hoi se that at a recent Muswellbrook amateur race meeting fell at the start of the Maiden Plate, got up, and then went on and won easily, and of which I made mention at the time. The famous American nag Johnbton recently paced a mile in 2 min. GJ sees., thus lowering all records either at pacing or trotting, and the per- formance is bound to bring the "Queen of the Track," Maud S , out again. Trotting has advanced with great stiides of late, for an improvement of 13 sees, in a mile has been made in less thau thirty years. Austtalia in rapidly accumulating to herself various championships of the world. S?arle is the undoubted tip-top oarsman of the universe, but the Englishmen always clung to a fragment of the honor which they called the ehaiiiDionship of England, and this Neil Matterson wrested from George Bubear a few days ago. Then when Harry Hutchens came to Australia he had for a long time been vainly challenging the world for a match, and m three contests' with Charley Samuels, the sable flyer downed the Putney lad twice, so that if there is any champion pedestrian Samuels can lay more claim to the title than anyone else. But I'm not saying, mind you, that when Hutchens was at hi"! best the nigger could beat him. Then Peter Jackson has travelled America without find- ing a man who had a ghost of a chance with the mittens on, and e.ven the cyclonic Sullivan fought shy of him and would not give him a show because he was black. There might not be a heap of difference in their complexions if Peter had had a go at him. Then once more there is our own Maitland native Paddy Slavin ready, and willing and anxious to take on all customers with or without the gloves for a big stake, and from all appeaiances it seems pretty fair odds that Jackson and Slavin will yet battle for the world's fistic supremacy. Our students, too, are rather moro than holding their own in the English cricket fields, on the river, the running track, and in wrestling with the various ologies and isms which were invented to spoil good sport and paralyse the brains of their acquaintances. Altogether we have a very good showing for a young count ry, and if one of Mr. White's colts can only succeed in winning the English Derby, Australia and Australians will simply tie up one hand and fight the world. I understand that Mr. W. L. Smith intends ap- pealing to the A. J. C. to upset the decision of the Siugleton Jockey Club in disqualifying his horse Electric for the Forced Handicap which he won and in awarding the stakes to Guy Fawkes, who finished second. It will be remembered that close to the finish of the race, when Electric was in front, Jilliby fell through galloping on to the leader ; Noah Beal also came down, and Guy FawkeB finished second. A protest was afterwards entered against the winner on the grounds of crossing, and he was dis- qualified, the money going to Guy Fawkes. Mr. Smith bases his case on the following rule :-" All complaints of foul riding, or of horses not running tho proper course, or of any other irregularities oc- curring in a race, must be made to the judge before the jockey of the horse whose owner, nominator, trainer, or jockey prefers the complaint, is weighed in." If Mr. Smith is correct in his statements, it brings up a similar case to that which arose out of the last Sydney Cup : Carbine crossed M9I0S, but the former was weighed in before Mr. Gannon could get in a protest on behalf of his colt, and it would I not then be accepted. Some years ago, too, a like case cropped up on the old Maitland course between Hypatia and Queensberry. However, as we are likely to hear a good deal more of the matter, which is jnsb now sub juäice, I will leave my opinions on the affair unwritten. Whatever may be said of the surroundings of the protest business at Singleton there is not the slightest doubt that the manner in which the Stewards of the Club rose and smote Mr. Williams hip and thigh for his mancauvering with Guy Fawkes in the big race on Thursday gave extreme satisfaction to everyone except the aforesaid Mr. Williams. As the majority of my readers already know Guy Fawkes was looked upon as a real dead snap for the two big events of the late meeting, and people only waited to see him a starter before they rushed him. Well his number was hoisted, the boy weighed out, and punters tumbled over one another to get on to him, when lo, and behold, down came his number and he was scratched. Indig- nation just simply paralysed the voices of the astonished cognoscenti, until they suddenly re membered the existence-in custom only-of an o^ rulo whsch declared a horse a starter immediately he was weighed out, and then they commenced to howl for their money back, but the books knew they had a good thing for once, and clung to the finances like raisers. However the committee look the bull by the horns and declared all wagers on Guy Fawkes off, and thus ended all disputes. But those in authority didn't stop there, for they fined Mr. Williams J250 for his somewhat too subsequent uso of the pen and the general verdict was " serve hua right." I had a conversation with the gentle- man _ who races under that name next morning, and he explained his conduct by saying that he left the task of backing Guy Fawkes until the last moment, and then found out that ho could get very little money, and he would have to buy that. He did not want to run his horse stiff and so lose the public their money, and he didn't want to run him straight and win nothing for him- self, and in the excitement he saw nothing to do but scratch. He hinted this to some gentlemen, who he said were committoemen, and they tried to deter him by saying " If you do you'll be fined a couple of quid." He was willing to pay that penalty, so took his horse out, and then to his horror he was knocked for half a century. All that makes a very plausible story, but when on Friday Guy Faukes started, carried his party's gilt, and cut up a duffer, there was nob a sorry man on the ground- except myself and a couple hundred more who supported him. n. R. Ball, who won the late Sir Joseph Banks Handicap, is the English ex- amateur of that name who held the 350 yards amateur record in the old countri'. Frying Pan and Ringmaster were the only two winners of thp Great Foal Stakes at Caulfield who proved successful in the Guineas. The only com- petitor in the latter event who took part in the Foal Stakes last year (and who won) was Montalto, and she finished last in the Guineas. An Englishman named Alf Ball, unknown I think to most Australians, but who appears to have the bump of combativeness largely developed, essayed to stand up to Peter Jackson for four rounds in London on Wednesday night, but only transacted , half his business when he was knoeked out. The Caulfield Cup will be added to the things of the past to-day, when I expect to hear of about a score of horses bearing silk, or precisely the same number as went to the post last year. Then, it will be remembered Chicago got home in front of Tradition and the badly ridden Bravo in 2 min. 38J sees., but on this occasion the son of The Drummer and Corisande is friendless,t and he is looked upon as a doubtful starter. Tradition has been with- drawn, and the pair will' doubtless fight, their 1 battle o'er again in the Melbourne Cup*, but Bravo has been so considently supported that he now divides the honor of favouritism with .Moore- bank, about whom sensational rumours are as thick as flies in summer. It is said the horse has done the best go ever seen at Caulfield, whilst others aver that ho is simply a market horse, but I am inclined to think he is fair on the contract and will take a deal of beating. The son of Moorthorpe and Bplle of Cobham is at any rate stoutly bred on the dam's side, he was a remarkably good two year old, and for the past year or so he has been regarded as a rod in pickle. It is true enough that some of the Victorian bookmakers overlaid him, and that they are trying to get portion of their money back, which may partly account for his sudden rise in the market, but why are they doing this ? If he waa a dead 'un they would go on with the burying process, and they must think they know something to thus stop their game. Old Meteor, too, has been very prominent in the market, but I don't like these resuscitated blokes, and he would require to be nearly as good a horse as ever to win. Bravo has 51b. more on his back than last year, when he should have won, and although ho failed to do more than run Dunkeld a dead-heat when giving him 211b. on Saturday last, I fancy he will be up to the task of allowing 251b. to-day and beating the New Zealander. If Oakleigh was all right he should have a rare chance, and if Wycombe would only consent to do his best he would lead his field a merry dance, but better than these I like Sinecure, who is a slashing good colt, quite brilliant enough to be a crack if Singapore and Dreadnought were out of the Kirkham boxes, but who in the present circumstances has to serve as chopping block and pace-maker for the others. I cannot believe that the beautiful Manton is ready, but if he were he ought to win. I look upon Menotti as having a very fair outside chance in the hands of young Fielder, but when the numbers go up they may read- Moorebank, 1 ¡ Sinecure, 2 ; Bravo, 3. The race between Matterson and Buboar was the fastest ever rowed over the Thames course, as the Australian cut the distance out in 22min. 2secs., forty seconds better than the Searle-O'Connor contest, and 27secs. faster than the Beach-Gaudaur match. Five of the six winners at Caulfield on Saturday last carried a blue and white jacket. Mr. R. G. Yeomans has leased Tanquin from Mr. G. A. Lee for the soason. The horse is full brother to Kingsborough, Savanaka, etc. Local pedestrians are getting numerous oppor- tunities of distinguishing themselves. On Nov. 2 Messrs. Daunt aud Edwards will conduct another I afternoon's amusement on the Albion Ground, when a 120 yards handicap for .£10, a 75 yards handicap of ¿C3, and a youths' handicap of ¿6110s will be run for. Nominations are due on Saturday evening next. There will be foot-racing at Stroud on November 8. On November 9 there will be a mixed gathering at Wallsend, whilst my friends of Stewart's Brook also bid for public patronage on tho same date. A week later Mr. Harry Morris, of Branxton, will hold a ¿£10 handicap, which will be followed by others. Conditions of these gatherings are advertised._^^ 