NORTHERN NOTES., ' cooktown. . Tho cleaning up from a crushing of 179 tons of ore .from tho Anglo-Saxon -mino re sulted in a return of ,935oz. of smoltod gold -,to tho : bank. This was considered a vory stiMBiuctory result indeed;. . I( : cairns. , , Tho Mount Orient Crushing Compnny-hhvo' startocl oporations. I A firm from Boga, N.S.W;, is about to' start u cheese, manufactory, at Harrington! Machinery has been prdoved ' and a suRablo brood of cattlo will bo imported. ! The attempt during tho past fow days to got tho Mount Orient machinery to tho Top Camp has boon unsuccessful, and although' no groator load than '.a, cpuplb of tens wits fct'iod, three bullocks out of ono team gave up the ghost. It now becomes a question of- road-making. As will bo rcmcmborod, tho Municipal Council and Divisional Board promised XI50 oach, Mr. Arthur Long-' don, roprosonting the Mount Orient Company, stating that in all probability the compauy would give a similar amount. Apparently tho local boaiils have boon waiting for this X1G0, at all. ovonts nothing lias boon done. .In tho mcautimo, tlio company telegraph's positively from RIol- bouruo offering to givo X150 providod tlio otlior claims snbsrribo a similar amouut. It is understood that this further amount will bo readily subscribed, so that XliOO altb- gotlior will bo available for making a road to tho Top Cai.ip. Tho Cairns wlmrf site loaso has boon sold to a Chinaman, at nil annual rental of X30. townsville. A gentleman possessing an intimato know; lodgo aud long oxporioneo of mining (says the Northern Age), visited Mngnotib Island on Wodnesday last aud brought with him a niunbor of spocimeiis of quartz from tho roof which- lias boon sunk upon. These ho triod with a postlo and mortar yesterday, but although ho made six'careful '-proBpcots" lie fuilod to hud u color of yold. Two of these wo saw him wash out, aud although there was plenty of muiidio nono of tho "real tiling ' was to be seen. He, of courso, admits that tho roof may bo patchy, hut ho says ho would want some bettor show before invest ing any of liis monoy in tho thing. Ho does lint, howovor, question tho possibility of n, paying roof being eventually discovered. The merits of tho boats belonging to the two steamship companies trading to this port and the respective merits of the vessels are frequent subjects of disciissiou ; and tho comparison of passages wlion two rival floats sail together will bo of interest. On tlio 22nd nit. tho Loura and Victoria both left for south about tho same timo, the former vessel calling at Flat-top and Koppcl ' Bay. I'Tom a telegram subsequently received, 'it appoarod that the Leiuii reached Brisbane "I hours before the Victoria. A crushing of 1G tons of stono from tlio Grass Hut mino was finished at Ravonswood lately, and gave a return of 5oz ladwt to the ten. Thoro is also a likelihood of tho claim paying regular dividends in tlio future as tho reef is improving in size as it is sunk upon. charters towers. Mr. Nigro's vineyard looks hotter now that it has for some time past The grapes aro in splendid order, and ho lias at prosout several hundredweight which he expoets to dispose of at a very low figure during tlio next few days. Tho whole senson's crop of grapes will -be about 1 j- tons, ho has several varieties which cannot . fail to tioklo the palates of all who purchase. :-His oran"o and other trees tiro bearing lioavily, and iff a' fow mouths lie' will bo ablo to supply tho town with fruit of all descriptions. i-.. 1 mackay. Forty-four minor's rights and ono miuoral liconso wore, issued by .the local . warden during the month of Doeomber. 1 ho oarnings of the local railway for tho c? ,r,0nl,n," Becombor, amounted to A; 1 10s. 10J., or an increase of X2 3s. 5d, on tho corresponding period last yoar. 