NIGHTFALL IN THE FIELD: A SKETCH. THE sun set two hours ago, but there is still a ruddy glow in the western sky, and against it the tree trunks, with the thicket of leaves above them, stand out in dark relief. All the human life and movement of this slow country side have settled into rest, and but for a distant calling, or the shut ting of some cottage door, sounds which the clear summer air carries far, nothing disturbs the evening stillness. But the birds and beasts are not all asleep. The clamorous rocks are quiet at last, and only a sleepy "caw" now and again reminds us of their presence in the high elm trees, where hundreds of them roost. For long after sun down they rose and settled and rose again, wheeling in great crying com panies with vast calculated curves for a moment in seeming confusion and then breaking into strange fresh forma tionis, of which part rose higher and higher until they were little spots in the far sky above, again settling with a great rushing rustle of innumerable wings, to rest and dream of worms and endless stores of luscious ants' eggs ready for breakfast time to-morrow. Come quietly down the white dusty road, and you shall see life and move ment exobugh, if your eyes aire watchful. Right across the path hurries a hunted field-mouse, and as he stops in the middle of the roadway, fearful of our footfall, the relentless weasel is upon him, and indifferent to our approach, picks him up as a cat would her kitten, and carries him home for the expectant little weasels in the edgebank. That is a fox's bark from the copse on the left; he is picking over the bones of a dead calf which the sporting farmer has put out in the wood to help Mrs. Vixen with her hungry cubs. All too soon, poor Reynard, wilt thou need all the skill and cunning with which nursery song and fable have endowed thee, to save that bushy tail, and those sharp ears, from the hounds! The rooks are uneasy, even on their high perches, or are they mocking hinm, for twoor three drowsily murmur in a sharp sleepy caw, "Aw, aw-a fox," and then lapse into silence. Lean against this white field-gate, keeping well under the over-reaching nut boughs and brambles-be as still as sleep and watch. Do you see that dusty figure lopping carelessly along by the ditch, now stopping to nibble some juicy leaf, then sitting up with his long sensitive ears lifted to listen ' It is an old buck rabbit out for a ramble. While he wanders=away, a ghost-like soundless shadow floats across the grass and is gone; again it passes, and this time with a slumberous "churr-r-ing" sound; a night-jar, still happily not rare, al though between the old fancy-as old as Aristotle, for he mentions it-which named him, and killed him, as the '- goat-sucker "-even the scientific people call him "capriimulgus '"-and the latter-day gamekeeper who first shoots him, and then nails him on his gibbet, with the happy harmless jay, the vagabond cat, and the useful mole, he stands little chance of long survival. A small school boy,'mnany years ago, formed no small opinion of the clever ness of this strange-loooking bird. He had found two week-old fledgelings in the little hollow among the pine needles which serves the night-jar for a nest, and ambitious to secure the old ones, with vast cunning constructed a trap of bricks stolen and laboriously carried from a far-off and dilapidated barn. Under the poised trap-cover the hapless nestlings were laid, in a deep hole, while ingeniously crossed sticks barred the entrance of any. res cuer. Next morning, very early, he ran, secure of triumph to carry home the prize. But the best laid schemes of mice and men "gang aft agley," for those marvellous birds had picked out their captive little ones and left the bricks and sticks and all unmoved ! How they did it is a mystery, and with the real story of the man with the iron mask, and other things of like nature, must so remain; but I know that the baby goat-suckers were gone, for I set the trap. Let us go back to the gate. Hark ! that pitiful cry from the hedge across the meadow must be our harmless rabit in trouble. Either he is held by the leg in the keeper's cruel clamp-trap to suffer through the careless summer nightunhelped, or somemaraudingstoat has him by the neck, and is sucking. away his life. What tragedies are all round us in this peaceful field; that hurrying murderer, the hungry night-jar, the tortured rabbit, and a hundred more unseen! There is a movement under our feet, a veritable earthquake, for the grass is lifted and the mould below is thrown up into a heap; it is that persevering ground digger, the mole-not sightless, as the country people say, although his little heady eyes are hard to find. What a worker he is, with those great spade like front paws !' Catch one, lay him out in the open field, shut your eyes for two minutes and he is gone, down through the clay and out of sight, as though the land were water. Feel his fur, softer than seal-skin, every hair so fixed that it is smooth, brushed any way; the villagers cutting off his head and pulling the whole skin offtailwards in one piece, have a ready-made purse, jieeding only a string at the top. But the western afterglow has faded, the stars come out one by one, and the night has fallen.. None but night birds: and beasts, and strange winged things, and curious insects'are about; yet, although it is so still, great multitudes of these wild creatures are moving everywhere in field, in bush, in ditch, and woodland, where we cannot see them. Their strange rustlings and subdued squeakings and faint querulous cryigs hardly disturb the silence. Over us the passionless stais and the illimitable sp?ace; round about us the dark, quiet fields; bne solitary fluttering bat crosses the air before us, as a wandering star shoots down towards the distant hills. Let us go home. Wife :-" On the 16th of March we shall celebiate our silver' wedding; don't you think we ought to kill a fat pig and have a big feast'? Husband :-" Kill the pig ! I fail to see how the unfortunate animal is to blame for what happened twenty five years ag?o.": 