!:5So1 anew saga. H BJDr,"'ArSon of Hagar."', irfWatodovrofadrimo." etc-stc- -J CHAPTER XX.. H jub PEACE OATH. \inrt shrift for Bod Jason. Jle H n,S court nearest too apot.and that. Hi uie<1 !®!nnl court over which the Bishop m the cnmuinl c ide(1) wlth imio of his U i o"1 wl!l tio bench besido him. From rifettouis 1 wa3 possible to tho Court of tti-'CU , ,5 again from tho quarter oourt fiourtof Althing; hut appeal in Tile His11 LuU for thorn was no de. H ® ""'indbccauso Icolandio law did not allow (i». Al'? „raent of a orimmal until after ho ofStcacod, aninquest was called forth- HI?- Jason should escape or compass the «iiii attempted. So tho Court of In- ai®! ». same night in tho wooden shod Sonato and House: of was now falling heavily, and the ®e late, but tho court-liouso was W J\ Jt ryas a little place— a plain box, Surclcsa, and chill, wito walls roof and H'of wood, and floor of hard earth. Four ?? tenches were raised, step above stop, B tho farthest side, and on tho highest ot H c1;,.. Bishop sat, with three of hiB col- M c® a„ each of tho tlireo rows beneath him. H isoncr stood on a broad stool to the B» the witnesses on a liko stool to tho H woolicn bar crossed tho room about and in tho open spaeo botween that B ,oor tho speotators wero crowded to. H %, xiie place was lighted by candleB, and H P ' ra fUcd to tho walls, others were hold in9, ,. >hn nnd nf loner sticks, and afow B Hnng to tho roof rafters .by hemp ropes H rf.teut their middle. The floor ran liko a Kssn and the atmosphere was full of the Har of tho snow that wns molting on tho Kcsle'i clothes. Nothing could be rudor than B&cenrt-house;, but the court that Bat thoro ob- Brnol a rule of proceduro that was almost an form. Itenrisonerwaa called by tho name of Jason, Of Stephen Orry, and having onswored in a H so hollow that it scorned to come out of H a, garth beneath liim, ho roso to his place. His H xtodewas dull and impassive, and he seemed H Knilvtosco tho restless crowd that murmured of liirn. His tall figure stooped, there H Reload on his strong brow, and a slow firo itii blood-shot oyes, and his rod hair, long as t issan's, hung in disordered mosses down his foe checks to his shoulders. Tne Bishop, a H Tiinhlo prelate of great ago. looked at ham thought, " That man's heart is dead within H fa" H jbe mouthpiece of tho court was a middle- He'd mm, wlio was short, had, littlo piercing H «miinro brush of iron-grey hair that stood osctacross tho top of his corded forehead, and 1 crisp, clear utterance, liko tho crackle of a fcce'ihoofB 011 tho frost. jison was charged with an attempt to tako k life of Michael Sunlocks, first President of fa acond Eopublic. Ho did not plead and bd no defence, and tho witnesses against him rake only in answer to the leading questions of the judges. The first of the witnesses was Greeba herself, ltd her evidence, given in English, was intor- pted by ou interpreter. All her brave strength ni now gone. She trembled visibly. Iter ija were down, hor head was bent, her face ru lull-hidden by the hood of a cloak she me, aud her tones wore barely audible. She Wlittlo to say. The prisoner had forced his tayinfo Qoverumout-house, and there, to her iini'ace, had threatened to take the life of hor inland. In plain words ho had dono so, and tamado show of going in pursuit of her hus- hnd that ho might carry out his design. "Wait," Buid tho Bishop, " your husband meet present?" "No," said Greeba. "Therewas, therefore, no diroct violence ?" "Xone," ; "And tho whole sum of the prisoner's dace, so far as you know of it, lies m the use d the words that you have repeated ?" Then, turning to the spokesman of the court, (bold Bishop said — "Inerehas been no overtaet. This iB notan tfapt, hut a threat to take life." "Yourpardon, my lord," said the 'little man, 3 his ensp tones. " I will show, that tho juoaer is guilty of the essential part of murder odt Murder, my lord," he added, "is not Ktlv to compass tho destruction of a lifo, ior ta ii homicido by misadventure; thero is iuhfahlo homicide, and thero. ore the rights, kug raognised by Icelondio law, of the uven- 'picf Hoed. .Murder is to kill in secreoy and' ito tog-harboured malice, "and how, ray lord,' Bill show that the prisoner has lain m wait fediy tho President of the Republic." At that Greeba stood down, and other rjaesses followed her. Nearly everyone had fen summoned with whom Jason had ex- ged words since he landed eight days1 raj. Thoro was the lean student who had at him of tho drill at tho Latin school, the ctle tador who had explained tho work at the P», the stuttering doorkeepor at tho senate, to, and one of the masonB at the fort. Much amide of tho faintmg in tho Cathedral yard ike Sunday morning, apd out of the deaf Pfy, tho Cathedral caretaker, some Btart- disclosuros seemed to bo drawn. Stul," said tho old Bishop, " X see no ovort "Good gracious, mv lord." said tho littlo I tteman, " aro wo to wait until tho knifo it- Ktas been reddened ?" ' 'God forbid," said tho old Bishop, 1 men camo two witnesses to prove motive. Jnrst of tliom was tlio tipsy comrade : of tter days, who had drawn Jason into the guiag-shop. . Ho could say of his own know- »o that Jason was jealous of tho now PWnor. The two were brothers in a sort of 1?' .ml10"!''0 Ba!> and bo Jason had told H'ey had the samo father, hut different rfai', 014,8 mother had been the daughter si! governor, who turned his back on hor Mr marriage. At her death he relented, and u J?>. ??.J,'iaou> ha' could not, and then took 2, « ,Mlchaol Sunlocks. People Baid that mo bogmuing of tho now governor's for- At ull events- Jason thought he 'had JPP'ed, was very wroth,' and swore he Hesccond of the two witnesses pointed to n sjaifforent motive. Ho was ono of tho three who hail twico Bpoken to Jason— the kJ'88" o; tho meek and quiet manner. hi,i i SL 'yul to the Icelandic Republic wJ 00811 muua thrown among its onomies. fciftr8 S them ; ho came hero as a spy filtl Jfaapaahagon, and his constant aaso- j,, - JP Ihorascn, an old, white-headed mau tr,,n ' ai'K" street, auul'olvcsen, a young I tu V maM, who kopt ono of tho Btores I lea C! I08-, .With tha two Jason had I hPrSent m 10 " 4110 aeoaee'uution of I kniian07'1101,100 was a deep murmur ;lrE>H Paap'P) and it was soon that Grooba I tlE'1?18,!1; hor foot. Hor heart burned told J Yf"l'u her. She tried to speak but I Gued.l.nf . . aiament Joeon turned his 1 tabs 8ea " direction, and then hor I ith way aader hor, nud she sank back I toil The court misread hsr emotion, I h»eiii„. vomoved. Jason's rod eyes fol- 1 "wuer comtautly. I n a".®0 for the Warning, not for I tflttoii in U ""'d tho Bishop. " It is plainly k hteatcn tJ. ?iUr ahl Law Book that if a man I tho nJnni, another man ho shall ho warned ' I ludoftlm J. 1? . 0 arimo ho .contemplates I "Qra attaching to it." !pokesnUai<h'"t,ve"9> my lord»" cried tho Uttle taat thi ni wht«\ reason liavo wo to assume ' a 0 to SslVi® 0f oither ? With preciouj to ttm 18t P"Z0(1 by friends and who had «m? lot this man go it f" sworn before witnesses to. destroy '"ueaUoj'oO qU03tiou thopri'eonor, nndso . " Is it . 110 aoswor. tap for porsonli t you llavP llono 60 from a de- No uniiv vouBeaaco ?» auawc/10'"'011' motivea ?" o.P.'hoth?" fcaswor. S.utt- '''aon«0hulmau hack to the Sr> cZ Persistence of thepri- "®Ged. y to understand," he said, and. ti;matlle old Hiehop, and ho turned 8nJ valii pica ?" « Lkte » 110 B'ga S.Wll8ncampuLtil«Dis1,1P' "Though the tho 2 8.s 'haugl, h„ bni ca'ructia" of a single Posterity 0Ylh?ohaJ destroyed a world, for tt- n8 World, Vni p„ ,1,B ?eat' might have thstouch? ai af men since Who ,tho gravUv nf'tp ' ce.rtail1 conditions «f lii. .i a has himad s if " ct?,m0- If the man bo Inn yar, Hi0u"h Vif alamtho noarlriiulrod CS hold l8W of Iceland would \--Wovil for Slii ' 1?. m the ancient — 'or evil was tho rule and sou- VWr' "fhev; would it punish Irish' as a mur- S „i. must eat the bread and drink the hue of mi3elJ 811 hUr daya-- ' aw what is mSr,w mu,rde,r most he true of ihtont to IfnnSfp,' af, - though I am loth tobolievo it tju3 instance, honouring and loving clmrnoj «?! !at fj00(l man whom you 'oro with lying Tu wait to kill, yot in my !KhnSUe , osk you tho question— has chaol Sunlocks spilled blood of your Mood, about8 to slay'hirn m0r f Wd that rU S nn?iiro ,vns a 'J11 huGh in the littlo crowded court-house as Jason lifted his heavy, bloodshot eyes to tho Bishop's face anil answered, 111 a cary voice, ' I liavo nothing to say." wifh!nU«nB aed Lutheran priest, who had sat witnin the rail, with a snuff-box in his hand and tint ?£ huudqrchiof across his knee, hobbled . , , niuui ana renuoreu ovideneo. Ho could throw light on tho prisoner's hatred of tho President, if it was true that tho President was a son of Stephen Orry. He knew tho pri soner , and had named liiin in his baptism. Ho had known tho prisonous mother also, and had sat with her at her death. It was quite truo that she was a daughter of tho late Governor, and had been badly treated by hor fathor. But she had boon yet moro badly treated by her husband, who marriod again while she was still alivo, and had another son by tho other jV ,9" 'mr daatlibcd sho had heard of this, and told tho pnsonor, who then and there, this witness being present, made an awful vow of vengeance upon his fathor and his father's The old priest was heard in silence, and liis words sent a quiver through tho court-houso. Even Jason, wlio had shown no interest save when Grooba was romoved, lifted up his blood shot oyes again and listened. And tho Bishop, visibly moved, turned to i.he court. and said, "Lot us put. this prisoner back to be tried by too High Court and tho Lag - What, my lord!" cried tho little spokes man, with a lofty look, " and Bet him at iiborty in the meantime, to carry out tho crimo he threatens ?" ' " Heaven forbid," said the Bishop. ''Remember, until ho lias been condemned wo have 110 power to hold him," said tho spokesman. Tho Bishop turned to an usher' and said, Bring mo tho Statute Book," and tho great tomo was brought.. Tho Bishop opened it and again turnod to thoprisouor. " Tho Almighty," said he, " created one man at the beginning to tench us that all men are brethren, and tho law of our old country provides that whon two have had disputes and pursued each other on ac count of hatred, evon as brethren tlioy shall mako peaco boforo thoir neighbours. Now listen to the words I shall road to you, and bo ready to say if you will swear to them." Then a great silonco fell upon tho peoplo, wMlo in solomu tones tho old Bishop read tho Peace Oath. " Xe two shall bo sot at one and live frinnJlv together, at meat and at drink, in tho Althing and at meetings, at kirk prayers and in kind's palace; aud in whatovcr placo else menmeot together, there shall ye be so sot at one, as if this quarrel had never come botween you. "So shall share knifo and meat together, and all, things besides, as friends and not as onomies." The Bishop paused and looked over his spec tacles at Jason, who stood as before, with tho cloud on his brow and the slow firo in his deep eyes, hut with no sign of feeling or interest. " "Will you promiso to Bwear to this, whon he shall have returned who should swear to it with you ?" said tho Bishop. Then all eyes turned towards Jason, and thero camo across his face at that moment tho look of a bated dog. " No," ho growled. The spokesman shifted in his seat and too people grow restless. " Listen again," said tho Bishop, and his long white hoard shook and his solemn voice roso to a shrill cry as he twisted hack to tho book and read : — " But if one of yon bo so mad that he breaks this truco thus made, and slays after pledges havo been mode and his blade has reddened, I10 shall ho an outlaw, acoursed and driven away, so for as men drive wolves farthest away. He shall be banished of God and all good Christian men, .as far as Christian mon seek churches, as mothors bring forth sons, son calls mother, uuuica up, muiuuuu auiuxu lilt;, r-urui la green, sun shines, and snow covors tho ground ; he shall ilco from kirk and Christian men, God's house and mankind, and from overv homo save hell." Then there was a pause and a great hush, and the Bishop lifted his eyes from the hook, and said — "Will you swear to it ?" : Again all eyes turnod towards Jason, ' and agiun his face, which had been impassive, took the look of a bated dogiA : , ... " No, no, no !" he cried in a loud voice, and toon the groat silence' was broken by deep murmurs. ' It is useless," said tho spokesman. " Word ings and peaco oaths, though still valid, aro the machinery of another age. This prisoner is not ignorant of tho gravity of the crimo lie contemplates, nor yot of tho penalty attaching to it." There was an audiblo murmur of assent from too people. " That'b true," said one! " It's too truest word spoken to-night," said auothor. " Tho old man isall for mercy, "said a third. "It isn'Fsafe," said a fourth. Aud there was other whispering, and much nodding of heads anil shufiling of foot. Encouraged by these .comments the littlo spokesman addou — "In any other country at tins age of tho world a man. who tacitly admitted a design to take lifo would ho promptly clapped into prison." ' "Ay, ay," tho peoplo- muttored, but tho Bishop drew himself up and said, "In any other country a criminal who sho wad no fear of the death that hung over him would bo Btraightway consigned to a madhouse." "Wo have no madhouso in this island, my lord," said tho littlo spokesman, " save tho Sulphur Mines, aud there ho must go." " Wait," said tho Bishop," aud once again I10 turned to the prisoner. " If this court should agree to ship you out of Icolund will you pro miso never more to return to it,?" For the third timo all eyos were turnod on Jason, but he did not loom to hear tho Bishop's question. "Will you promiso?" said too Bishop again. " Npj"» said Jason. . " " Dangorous trifling," said too spokesman. " Whon you seize a mud dog you stranglo it." "Ay, ay," cried many voices at once, and great oxcitemout prevailed. Tho old Bishop drew back with a sigh of re lief. Ho loved Michaol Sunlocks aud had been eager to save him. Ho nitiod Grooba. and for hor sako also had boon anxiouB to protect her husband. But from the moment ho saw Jason and thought, " That man's heart is deud within Mm," his love' had struggled with his senso of duty. As the trial went ou ho had romom- bored Juson and rectified his bitter history; and soized with a strong sympathy ho had strained ovory nerve to keep back his punishment. He had done all ho could do, ho had notMng to re proach Mmsolf with, aud full of a deep and sooret joy at the cortuinty of tho safety of Sun locks, 110 now fell back that tho law might tako its course. Tho Court was counted out, and than tho Bishop turned for the last timo to Jason, and delivered judgment. " Tho sentence of this Court," ho said, " is that you bo removed from hero to tho Sulphur Mines, aud ha kept thoro six months cortain, and as long thereafter as you refuse to toko tho Oath of Peace pledging yoursolf for over, as loug as you live or the world ondures, to bo at ono with your enemy as brothers boforo all men living." Now Grooba alono know tho truth about Jason. When she hud fled from Mann without word or warning it bad not been out of fear of him huf. nf tiar hmflioru. TTftP mnntitlf? Wlfcll Michaol Sunlocks, hor short stay with tho good old Bishop Petersen, her marriage and tho festival that followed, lind passed hor by liko a droam. Then camo tho first short parting with Sunlocks whon ho had said) " I must lcavo you for a fortnight, for tho mon X sont in search of your fathor havo blundered and returned with out him,'' Sho hud cried a littlo at that, and ho had kissed hor, aud made a bravo show of his courage, though sho could seo tho tears in his own big shining oyes. But it was all a dream, a sweet and nappy droam, and only by tho coming of Jason had tho dream boon broken. Thou followod hor terror, her plea, hor fear for hot husband's lifo, hor dofiaueo of Jason, and tho cliargo sho mado against him. And the first burst of hor passion over, sho had thought to horsolf, " My husband is safe, but Jason will now toll all and I shall bo a lost and ruined woman," for nothing had sho yot said to Michael Sunlocks concorniim tho man who had wooed and won and released hor during tho loug yoars of his silonco and hor troublo. " Ho will hear tho story now," sho thought. u audnot.froin my own hi>3 but from Jason's. Being then so far immersed sho could not but go on, uud so sho had allowed hersolf to ho led to tho court-house. No ono thoro had thought to ask her if sho had known anything of Jason before that day; and sho on her part bad sniu nothing kar.vi:;g him. Bui mie.: Jjs:u hau — I, 1 »! www looked at her with eyes of reproach that seemed "!rough hor soul, ho socmod to be saying. At ,18 but half tho truth. Dare you not tell tho rest?" Then listomng to tho lying of other wit nesses, and looking up at Jason's faco,.so full of pain, and seeing how silent lie \vns under cruel Perjury, she roinomhored that this man's worst crimo had boon hiB lovo of her, and so sho stag- gored to her foot to confess everything. When oho camo to horsolf after that, sho was back in hor own homo— hor now home, tho home of hor happy dream, hor husband's homo and hoi's, and thero hor first fear returned to her. "Ho will toll all," sho thought, "and evil tongues will mako it worse, and shamo will fall upon my husband, and I shall bo lost, lost, lOBt.!' Sho waited with feverish imnaticnco for the coming of tho Bishop to tell her tho result of tho trial, and at length ho camo. "What havo they done with him?" sho cried ; and ho told hor. " What defence did ho make ?" sho askod. 'None," said the Bishop. "What did ho say ?" sho asked agaim ' Not a word but ' No,' " said tno Bishop. Thon alio drew a long breath of immonso re lief, and at tho next instant she reproached hor solf. How little of soul sho had been ! And how groat of heart had been Jason ! Ho could liavo wrecked hor life with a word, but ho had hold his peaco. Sho had sont hira to prison, and rathor than smito ho had Buffered himself to bo smitten. Sho felt herself small and mean. And tho BiBhop, having, as ho thought, banished Groeba'B torror, hobblod to tho door, for now tho hour wasvory late, and tho suow was still falling. 1 Tho poor soul will do your good husband no mischief now. Poor lad! poor lad! After all, ho is moro fit for a madhouso than for a prison. Good-niVht. mv nlii'l/1 irnnH uirrht." And so tlio good old man wont Ms way. . : It was intended that Jason should start for too sulphur mines too following day, and I10 waslodgod overnight in a littlo liouso of deten tion that stood on too south of tho High streot. But tho snow continued to fall too tyholo night through, and in tho morning tho roads were impossahlo. Thon it was decidodto postpone too long journey uiitil tho storm should have passed, the frost set in, and tho desolate white wastes to 1)0 crossed heeomo liartt and firm. It was now Wednesday of tho second wook in Octobor — the Gore month— and the Icelanders wero already settling down to the long rest of tho Icolandio winter. Tho merchants began to sleep the livelong day in thoir deserted stores in the cheapstead, and tho bonders, who had como up with tho last of their stock, to drink and doze in tho taverns. All that day too snow foil in fine dust liko floar, until, whito as it was, tho air grow dark with it. At the lato dawn of tho noxt day tho Bnow was still falling, and a violont gale had then risen. Another 'and another, and vet another 'dav went bv. and still too snow fell and tho gale continued. For two days there was no daylight, and only at noon through tho 1 giddy air a iiory glow burned for an hour along tho sontherii sky and then went out. Nothing eonld 1)0 soon of foil or fiord, and nothing could he heard save tho haying of the hounds at night, and toe roaring of tho soa at all times, for tho wind mado no noiso in tho soft snow, hut droTO it along in sheets liko silent ghosts. Never boforo had Greoba seen' anytoing so torriblo ; and Btill more fearful than tho great snow itself was tho anxiety that it brought hor. Whore was Michael Sunlocks ? Whore was hor fathor ? Thoro was only one other whoso con dition troubled her, anil sho know too wall wlioro lie was— ho was lying iu tho dark cell of the dark house in the High street. While the storm lasted all Reykjavik lay asleep, and Greeba could do nothing. But ono morning, when sho n woko and turned to tho window, as washer wont, to loam if tho weary snow was still falling, sho could see nothing at first for tho coating of ico and hoar-frost that covered tho glass. But tho snow had ceased, the wind had fallen, the air was clear and tho light was coming. Tho buildings of tho town, from tho cathedral to tho hovels of the fishing quarter, looked liko enow mounds in the dosort ; the black waste of lava woe gono ; tho black beach was gono ; tho black jbkulls were gone ; the black headland was none that hud stretched liko a niant band of many fingers into the black fiord ; hut height above height, and length boyond longth, as > far aB from sea to Bky and from seu to son, the world lay lifoloss aud silont and whito around her. Thou tho town being once moro awako, Greeba had news of Jason. It came through a littlo English maid, whom Sunlocks had found for hor, from Oscar, the young man who had gone out in soarch of her ,-fatoey. Aand. returned ' without him; Jdsbri wa8,ill. '"-FivoVliiytf ho had oaten nothing!" and nothing had he drunk except water. Ho was in a fevfir— a brain fever— and it was now known for cortain that ho was thoinau who had fainted outsido the cathedral on tho marriago morning,, that he had been ill over since then, aud that the druggist of too High street had bled him. With thoso tidings Greeba hurried away to tho bishop. 1 " Tho poor man has brain fovor," slio said. " Ho was ill when he made tho threat, and when lie recovers he will regret it. I am euro ho will — I know ha will. Set Mm at Iiborty, for mercy's sako," she cried; and sho trembled as sho. spoko, lest in tho fer vour of hor pica too bishop should road hor secret. tenderly down at hor, and said very gently, though ovory word went to her heart like a stab : " Ah, it is liko a good womanto plead for 0110 who has injured hor. But -no, my child, no ; it may not bo. Poor lad, no ono now can do any thing for him savo tho President himself ; and lie is not likaly to liberate a man who lies in wait tokillhiin." " Hoislikoly," thought Greoba, and straight, way. sho conceived of a plan. Sho would go to Jason in liis prison. Yes, sho horsolf would go to Mm, and prevail with him to put away all thoughts of vongeauco and bo at peaco with hor husband. Thou sho would wuit for .the re- turn of Michuol Sunlooks, and plead with that dbar heart that could deny lior nothing, .to grant hor Juson's pardon. Tlius it would oomo about that bIio who had stood ha- wacn theso two to soparato them, would at longth stand between thorn to bring them to gether. v- ; So thinking, and crying a littlo, liko a truo woman, at tlio proBpeot of so much joy, alio waited for Jusou'o recovery that sho -might carry hor purposo iuto effect! Mcautiino, sho contrived to 'send liiin jollita and soups, such as might tompt tho appetite of a sick mail. She thouirh't bIio sent tliom , Bociotly, hut with less than a woman's wit sho cm- ployed a woman on hor : errand. Thie person was the littlo English maid, null bIio handed ovor the duty to Oscar, who was hor swoothcurt. Oscar talked openly of what ho was doing, and thus all Reykjavik know that the touifor-hourted young wifo of tho Governor held communication of eomo sort with tho man whom sho had eont to jail. Then 0110 day on lioaring that Juson was hotter, though noither was I10 so well oe to travel nor was tho snow hard enough to walk upon, Grooba stolo across to tho prison in tlio dark of tho afternoon, saying nothing to auyono of her mission or intention. The stuttering doorkoopor of tho Souate was tho jailor, aud ho "hotrayed great concoru when Greoba aekod to boo his prisoner, showing by his ghastly looks, for liis words would not como, tliat it would bo rash on her part, after helping so much towards Jason's imprisonment, to trust herself in his prcsonco.' " But what liavo I to fear ?" she. thought ; and with a bravo einilo, sho pushed her way through. Sho found Jason in a square box built of heavy piles, laid horizontally both for walls aud I .1 „.„1 Ilnltlnll !,.» roul, uuru. uuu uamy uuu Luuggj , day by a liolo iu tlio wood not larger than a mun's hand, and in tho night by a sputtering caudle hung from tho rafters. Ho sat ou a stool; his face was worn, his _hoad_ was close croppoil to relieve tho heat of his brain, and on tho table by his side lay all his red hair, as loug as his mother's was when it foil to tho shears 01 tlio Jow 011 tho wharf. Hogavo no sign when Grooba ontorod, though ho know sho wus there, hut sat with liis fuco down and ono hand 011 the table. " Jason," sho said, " I am ashamed. It is I who have brought you to this.. Forgivorao— l'orgivo ine ! But my husband's life was in danger, aud what was I to do ?" . ; Still ho gavo 110 sign. "Jason, ' sho said again, " you have lioaped coals of firo on my head ; for I have ilono nothing hut injure you, aud though you might have done as much for me you nevor have." At that tho fingers of his hand on tho tahlo grasped the edgoof it convulsively. " But, Jason," sho said, " all is not lost yot. No, for I can euvo you still. Listen. You shall givo mo your promiso to make peace with my husband ; and when myhushaud roturns ha will grant mo your pardon. Oh, vos, I know ho will, for lio is tender-hearted, and ho will forgtvo you ; yos, ha will forgivo you " "My curso on him and Ms forgiveness," cnod Jason, rising suddenly and bringing liis fist down 0:1 the table. ' Who is he that he should forgivo mo ? It lias not boon for his sake that I have been silent, with tlio dovil at my side urging mo. to siicak. And for all that you havo mo to suffer he shall yot pay double. Lot it' go on; lot liim send me away; lot him bury mo at his mines. But I sball livo to find him yot. Something tolls mo that I shall not die until I have met with tout man facotofaco." And Greeba went back home with theso mad words ringing in her oars. " It is useless to try," she thought. " I havo dono all I can. My husband is boforo everything. I shall Bay nothing to Mm now." None tho less sho cried vory bitterly, and was Btill crying when at bedtimo her little English maid camo up to her and chattered of tho news of U10 day. It scorned that somo Danish storekeepers on tho cheapstead had latoly licou arrested oh spies, brought to trial and con demned. Whon Grooba' awoke noxt morning, aftor a restless night, while tho town Btill lay asleep, and only tho oroak of tho ravens from tho rocks above toe fiord broke too Bilonce of tho lato dawn, she heard tho hollow tread of many footsteps on tho frozen snow of tho Tliingvollir road, and peering out through too window, wMch was coated with hoar frost, sho saw a melancholy procession. Tlireo mon, sparsely clad in tliin tunic3, snow stockings, and skin cap3, walked heavily in filo, chained together, hand to hand andleg to log, with four armed warders, cloBoly muffled to tho oars, riding leisurely beside them. Thoy wore prisoners bound for tho sul phur mines under Hcckla. The first of them was Jason, and ho swung along with his long stride hnil his shorn head thrown back and Ms pallid faco hold up. Tho otlior two wero old Thompsen and young Polvesen, tho Danish storekeepers. . It was more than Gooha could hear to look upon that Bight, for it brought hack tho momory ,ui uuiv uuiur nijjruc on uiut uliiul juiumug, waiuu Jason camo" leaping down to hop " from "tho mountains, ovor gorse and cushag and hodgoand ditch. So sho turned hor head away and covered her oyes with her hands. And then ono — two — three — four — tho heavy footsteps went over tho snow. Tho noxt thing she know was that hor English maid wus in hor bedroom, saying, "Somo strangers in tho kitchen aro asking for you. They aro Englishmen, and havo just como ashore, and thoy cull themselves your brothers." CHAPTER XXX. TUB rAIllBllOTIIKIlS. Now when tho Fairbrofchora concluded that they could never give rest to thoir tender consciences until thoy had done right by their poor sister Greeba thoy sot themselves straightway to con sider the ways and moans. Ballacramo thoy must soil in order that its proceeds might bo taken to Greoba as her share and interest ; but Ballacraino bolongcd to Jacob, and auother provision would forthwith need to be made for him. Kri aftnr mneh arpuim? and somo na<?» ging across tho hearth of tho Kitchen at Laguo it was decided that each of Jacob's five brothers should mortgage his farm to one-sixth its value, and that tho gross sum of their five-sixths should bo Jacob's for liis share. This arraiigoment would havo tho disadvantago of leaving Jacob without land, hut ho Bhowed a magnanimous spirit in that relation. " Don't trouble about mo," said ho, " it's Bwoet and nico to do a kind- neBs to your own brothers," And four of his bretlicrn applauded that sentiment, hut 1'hurstan curled up his red noso and thought: u Aw, yes. of coorse, a powerful big boiler of brotherly lovo tho littlo miser keeps going under hisweskit." And having so decided thoy further con cluded to soo the crops off tho ground, and then loso no timo in carrying out thoir design. " Lot's wait for tho molya," said Ashor, mean ing tho harvost-homo, " and. then off for Marky tho Lord." Tho person who went by this narao was ono Mark Skillicorn, an ad vocate of Ramsey, who combined tho functions of pettifoggor with thoso of moneylender and auctioneer. Marky tlio Lord was old and plausible and face tious, Ho was a distant relative of tho Fair- brothers by tho side of their inothor's French family ; and it was a strango chain of circum stances that no big f armor ovor got into troublo but ho became a client of Marky the Lord's, that no 'client of Marky tho Lord's did not in tho end go altogether to tho bad, and thatpoor Marky tho Lord nover nau a client wno uia not die in his debt. Nevertheless Marky tho Lord grow richer as his losses grow heavier, and more facottous a« his yoars increased. Oh, bo was a funny dog, was Marky tho Lord ; hut there was just ono dog on tho islaud a shade or two funnier still, and that was Jucob Fair- brother. This thrifty soul had for many a year kopt a nest of private savings, and oven in tho days whon ho and his- brethren went down to mako a poor inouth before thoir father at Cos- tfefcownio hadr monoy fiOcrqly.-l.cptut.Qnha. conscientious interest of only 3 per cent, above tho legal rate. And thus it chanced that when Ballncraino was advertised in big letters on overy baru door in tho north of Mann, Jacob Fairbrotlier wont down to Marky tho Lord, and mado a private bargain to buy it in agaiu. So- when tho day of tho salo camo, and Marky tho Lord strode ovor tho fields with some thirty mou— farmers, minorB, advocates, and parsons — at his heels, and then drew up on tho roadsido by tho Qiliorniau, mid there mounted tho till-board of a cart for (ho final reckoning, littlo Jacob was too much moved to bo present, though his brothers wore thoro, all glooming around ou tho outsido of tho group, with their handsiu thoir breeches pockots. Ballacraino was knocked down cheap to somo- body that nobody know, aim tnon. camo nio work of tho mortgages ; so onco again Jacob went off. to Marky tho Lord, and bargained to ho mado mortgagor, though no ono was to bo a wifcthowisor. And 10 per cent, ho was to got from oacli of hiB live brothers for the uso of tlio money wliich noxt day came hack to liis own hands. Thus far nil was straight dealing, but with tbo approach of tlio time to go to Iceland tho complications grew thick. > Jacob had so hus banded his money that while securing to apond ho still possessed it, and now ho was troubled to know whore to lodgo that portion of it which ho should not want in. Ice land and might fiud it unsafe to tako there. Arid whilo lio was in tho throes of his uncertainty his' brothers-— all savo John -j-wore in tho travail of their own big con ception. Now Ashor, Stonn, Ross, aud Thurston, having each made up liis mind that ho would goto Iceland also, had to considor how to gotthero, for thoir lato bargaining hud leftthoin all pen niless. Tlio proceeds of tho salo of Ballacraino wore lodged with Jacob for Greeba, and Jacob also held as his own what had como to each man from his mortgage. So tliinkmg that Jacob must liavo moro thau ho could want, thoy approached hira ono by ono, confidentially uud slyly. And wondrous wore tho lies thoy . told uiin, for thoy dare not confess that their solo need of money was to go to Iceland after him, and watch him that ho did not cheat them whon Greoba sent thorn all their fortunes in return for thoir brotherly lovo of hor, . Thus Ashor took Jacob nsido and wiusporod, " I'm morthal hard pressed for a matter of live and thirty pound, lx>y — just fivo and thirty, for draining and fencing. I mako bold to think you'll lend tho liko of ty, and G per cent. 111 bo paying rog'lar." 41 Ah, I can't do it, Ashor," said Jncob, 44 for old Marky tho Lord has stripped mo." Thou camo Stoan, plucking a bit of ling and looking careless, aud ho said, " I'vo got a flno thing on now. I can buy a yoke of plough ing oxen for thirty pound. Only thirty and a dead hargaiu. Can you lend mo tho .brass? But whisbt'a tho word, for Ross is sneaking aftor thorn." 44 Vory sorry, Stean," said Jncob, 44 but Ross has been here before you, and I'vo just lout liim tho money," . Ross himself came next andsuid, 44Iborrowod fivo- aud-tweuty pound from Steau a bit back, and bo's not abovo threatening to soil mo up l. IHIIM .1 .Uk IfitavltA ««AL1 ior u uiruy atuu uuui> iinv wiih> aiaujuujuu tiilo mo ovor tlio troublo and say uotbiug to Stoati." "Mako your mind easy, Ross," said Jacob. " Stcau told mo liiinsolf, tuid I'vo paid liim ull you owo him." . So theso two went their ways and thereafter eyed each otlior throatouinjrly, but neither dare oxplodo, for both liud thoir secret fear. And last of all cumo Thurstau, made well drunk for tho hotter support of his courago, mid ho maudled and cried. " What d'ye think ? Poor Ballaheg is dead—him thiit used to piny the .fiddle at church— and tho old parson wants 1110 to take Ballubng'8 placo up in tho gallory loft. . Says I'd ho lypuderml gooit at tho viol-bass. I wouldn't mind doing it- neither, only it costs such a power of money, u viol-bass doos— twenty pounds maybe." . " Well, what of that ?" said Jncob, interrupt ing him, " tho parson says ho'U lend you too -money. Ho told me so himself." With sueli shrewd answers did Jacob escape from - tho dairaor of lending to his brothers, whom ho coula not trust. But ho lost uo timo mgoingdoivnto Marky tho Lord andofforing his money to bo lout put ou interest with good security. Kuowiug nothing of this, Ashor, Stonn, Ross, and Thurstau each in his turn stole down to Marky tho Lord to borrow tho sum ho needed, And Marky tlio Lord kept his own worthy counsel, and showed uo umriso eager ness. First ho said to Jacob, " I can lend out .your money on good security.'1 '" Who' to ?" said Jacob. " That I've given my word not to tell. What interest do you want ?" " Not loss than twelve per cent," said too temperato Jacob. "I'll got it," said Marky tho Lord, and Jacob went uvvuy with a sly smile. Then said Marky .tho Lord to each of the borrowers in turn. ' I can find you tho money." "Whoso is it?" asked Ashor, who came the first. " That I'vo eworn not to tell," said Marky tho Lord. " What interest?" " Only four per cent to my friend." " Woll,nndtliat's reasonable, undho's aright', honest, well- meaning man, whoovorho is," said, Ashcr. , . " That ho is, fnond," snid Marky tho Lord, " but as ho had' not got tho money himself ho hud to borrow it of an acquaintance, and pay ten por cent, for too convenioncc."' " So ho wants fourteonpor cent !" cried Ashor. "Shoo! Lord savo us! Oh, too grasping minor. It's outrageous. I'll not pay it— tlio Nightman fly away with mo if I do. " " You need bo uudor 110 uneasiness about that," said Marky tho Lord, " for I'vo tlireo othor borrowers ready to tako tho money too momout you say you won't. " Hand it out," said Aslicr, and away ho wont, faming. Then Steun, Ross, and Thurston followed, ono by ono, and oaoh Behaved as Ashor had dono .boforo Mm. When tho transaction was comploto, and tho time hud come to sot sail for Icoland, many aud wonderful wero tho shifts of the four who had formed tho secret design to conceal thoir busy preparations. But whon all was comploto, ana berths takon, all six in tho samo vessel, Jacob and Gentlemen John rode round toe farms of Laguo to bid a touching farewell to thoir brethren, _ , VlUUUUjU) XUHlOUtUj . DUlU .UttbUU) DtbUUK- oh tho cross-hoard of tho cart. " We've .had arguments in our timo, and fallen on soma rough harm in tho course of them, hut wo'll meet for peace aud. quietness in heaven some day." " Wo'll meet boforetoat," thought Thurstan. And when Jacob and John were gone on towards IRunsoy, Thurstau mounted tho till- board of his own curt, and followod. Mean time Ashcr, Stean, and Roes wore on thoir journey, and because they did not cross on too road thoy camo faco to faco for tho first timo, all six together, ouch lugging Ms kit of clothcB belund hira, on tho dock of tho sMp that was to tako them to Iceland. Then Jacob's polo faco grow livid. "What does this mean ?" ho cried. "It moans that wo can't trust you," said Thurston. " None of you ?" snid Jacob. "Nono of us, seemingly," said Thurston, glancing round into tho confused faces about him. "What! Not your own brother?" said Jacob. " ' Near is my shirt, but noaror is my skin,' as tlio Baying is," said Thurstau. with a sneer. " Poor onco, poor for ever,' as tho saying is," mocked Jacob. "Lost week you hadn't twenty pound to buy your viol-bass to ploy in the gollory loft." Stoan laughed at that, and Jacohtumed hotly upon him. " And »/»« hadn't thirty pound to buy your yoke of oxen that Ross was sneaking after." Thon Ross mndo a loud guffaw, and Jacob facod ubout to liim. " Ami maybo yoa'vo paid back your dirty fivo-nnd-twouty pound that Stean threatened to eell you up for ?" Thon Stcau glowered hard at Ross, and Ross looked black at Stean, aud Aslier almost burst Ills sidos with laughter. " And you, too, my dear oldest brother," said Jacob, bitterly, "'you havo tho advuntago of me in years but not in wisdom. You thought, liko tho rest of thorn, to got tho inouoy out of mo, to liolii you to follow mo and watch mo. So that was it, was it ? But I wus too much for you, my dear brother, and you had to go olsc- whoro for your draining' and ditching." "So I had, bad cess to you," said Ashor; " and 1-1 per cent. I had to pay for tho shabby loan I got." At that Stean and Ross and Thurston pricked up thoir ears. " And did you pay 1-1 nor cent?" said Stean. " I did, had ccss to Marky tho Lord, and tlio grasping old miser behind huh, whoover he is." AI1U llOn lb WllS uaCOl) a Llllll lU lOOlb UlUUriUvlf "Wait," ho said; "I don't liko tho look of you." / "Then shut' your oyes," said Thiirstan. " Did Marky too Lord loild you tho money ?" asked Jacob of Aslier. "Ay, he did," said Ashcr. ; " Aud you, too ?" silid Jacob, turning stiffly to Stean. . ' : . Ay," said Stoanv > ' 4'-;. ' ,. And youF-'t .saidi.'Jacobj facing towards- " Arid you, as' well ?" said Jacob, confronting Thurstan. \ " Why not ?" saiu Thurstau. "Tlio blockhcadf!" cried Jacob. "Tho scoundrel ! It was my mouoy— mine— mino, I tell you, and he might as well have pitched it into tho sea." Thou tho four mou began to double thoir fists. " Wait !" said Asher. " Are you too grasxi- ing young miser that oskcil 1-1 por cent. ?" "Ho is, clour enough," said Steun. " Well," said Thurston, " I really think — look you, boys, I really do think, hut I speak under correetion— I really think, all tilings eon- eidorod, this Jacob is a dainnoa rascal." "I may have tho advantago of liim in yoars," 30iu ASiier, uouDiing up ins siooves, out 11 can't " "Go to tho dovil," said Jacob, and I10 wont bolow, boiling hot with rago. It was idle to kuop up tlio quarrel, for vory soon all six were out 011 tho high seas, bound to each others' company at bed aud board, and doomed to pass the bettor part of a fortnight together. So boforo tocy camo to Icoland tlioy wero good friends aftor their fashion, though that was porhups tho fashion of cat and mouso, and being landed at Reykjavik they were once more in tlieir old relations, with Jacob as pursohoaror and spokesman. " And now listen," eaid that thrifty person. "What's it saying? 'A bird in tho hand is worth two in tlio hush.' Wo'vo got our bird in too hand, -haven't wo ?" "So we have," eaiil Asher; "six hundred goolden pounds that Ballacraino fotohed at the aula." "Just so," said Jacob ; " and before wo port with it lot us muko sura about tho two in tho bush." With that intention thoy started inquiries, us best they could, touching tho position of Michnol Sunlocks, his sulury and iulluonco. Aud in spito of tho difficulties of liuigiiago thoy heard and saw enough to satisfy them. Old Icoland was awakening from a bad dream of tlirao bad centuries and setting to work Willi a will to bccomo a poivor among the Statos ; tho young Fresidunt, Michael Sunlocks, wus the restorer and xirotoctor of her liberties ; fnmo and honour wore before him, and beforo all who laid a hand to his plough. This was what they hoard in many jargons ou ovciy sido. " It's all right," wliisporcd Jacob, " and now for too girl." Thoy hud landed late in tho day of Grcoha's visit to Red Jason at tho littlo liouso of deten tion, and hud hoiird of hor marriage, of its festivities, mid of the attempt 011 llio lifo of tho President. But though thoy know that Justin was no longer in Maim they wero too much immersed in their own vast schomcs to put two uud two togothur, until next morning thoy cumo upbn the sad procession bound for tlio Sulphur Mines, aud saw that Jason was ono of tho pri soners. Thoy wero then on their way to Govommcnt-houso, and Jacob said with a wink, "Boys, that's Worth remembering. When did it do any liurni to havo two strings to your how ?" The others laughed at that, and John nudgoil Thurstan and snid, " Isn't ho a boy !" Aud Thurston grunted and trudged ou. (SO US OOSTINUKU.) 