A SHOWMAN'S VISIT TO ROYALTY. During the Quean's visit to the Prince and Princess of Wales at Sandringham in the Easter holidays, H.R.H. invited Mr. Irving aud his celebrated Lyceum Company to give a performance for the amusement of the Queen and a select number of guests. A stage was erected in the ballroom of Sandringham House, and the performances included " The Bella" and the trial scene from the " Merchant of Venice." A corre- spondent of the Sunday Times interviewed Mr. Irving after his return from Sandring- ham, and obtained from the great actor an account of his visit to royalty : I found him (says the interviewer) in the midst of breakfast, at his quiet chambers in Grafton-street ; I say quiet in spite of the immediate bustle of Bond-street that is always humming beneath his windows ; they are double windows, and the inner sashes are filled with stained glass that helps the idea of repose. "Fussy," the clever English terrier which the famous jockey sent to Miss Ellen Terry, and which she parted with to Irving, is sitting by the actor's side, watchful for its share of the frugal meal. It was rather late in the day for breakfast ; perhaps I sug- gested this criticism in some passing remark, for it was like a rejoinder when Irving said, " I only reached homo at 6 this morning ; left Sandringham between 2 and 3 ; rather tired, but had a delightful time. The Prince of Wales gave me from her Majesty these links ; beautiful, are they not ? The diamonds, you will see, form her Majesty's monogram." He handed me a jewel case. It contained a pair of double gold diamond-decorated sleeve links of the most exquisite design, and bearing tho monogram "V.K. under a crown. " He also gave from her Majesty to Miss Ellen Terry a brooch—a lovely thing ; souvenirs which I need not say we both value, and not alone as gifts from the Queen, but for the gracious manner of thoir presentation." "What did you do when you arrived?" "At Wolferton? We were driven—Miss Terry and myself—to Sir Dighton Probyn's, a charm- ing drive through forest lands that were beautiful with spring buds and flowers. It is two miles to Sandringham from the sta- tion and Sir Dighton's place is a picturesque cottage close by the Prince's house. Sir Dighton and Lady Probyn received us with the greatest kindness, and after a cup of tea we went to see the theatre. The ballroom, where the stage had been built for the occa- sion, is a noble apartment ; upon its walls many magnificent trophies of the Prince's visit to India. The theatre and the room altogether looked elegant and stately. The combined tone was most harmonious. Our people had worked, under Loveday's super- vision, of course, pretty well night and day during the week, and the result was re- markable. Craven and Hann's scenes were admirable, and everything had been done to paint and design down to the space at our disposal. The difficulty we had to get over was not to have the actors out of pro- portion to the scenery. The stage being high this was avoided, and everything and everybody seemed to be quite in the right proportion." " When did you during your visit first see your royal host and hostess ?" " The Prince and Princess came in while we were looking at the theatre. This was about 7 o'clock. They took the deepest interest in the ar- rangements. Both the Prince and Princess were very gracious, and were quite enthu- siastic about the new theatre. They re- mained chatting for about a quarter of an hour, and when they withdrew the company arrived—'The actors are come hither, my lord,' And they were treated with all the kindness and respect that Hamlet claimed for them at Elsinore. Spacious rooms were set apart, refreshments provided, everything done for them worthy of royalty, and quite in keeping with the estimation in which the stage is held by the Prince, than whom it has never had a more generous or discrimi- nating supporter." "At what time did the play begin?" " At 10. Her Majestry and the Prince and Princess arrived at about ten minutes to 10; the orchestra played the National Anthem, the overture followed with its effective suggestions of the sleigh bells, and then we began to tell our story. And that is what it was like ; it was like having an audience round you and telling them a ghost story. It only needed the fire and the inglenook, as it seemed to me. The comparatively small room, the audience all about one, you felt the immediate effect of all you did. They followed the drama with breathless interest at times breaking out into hearty applause, I was en rapport with the entire audience, but of course not in any sense individually. I need not tell you what an auditor the Prince is, everybody knows that he is a mo3t acute and gentle critic ; he and the Princess are always among the moat attentive and interested of auditors." "There are points in 'The Bells,' I suggested, where audiences seem to feel that it is a relief to laugh, though the comedy scenes are but few. Did the Sandringham audience give way to these opportunities of relief as your American audiences did, and as your London audiences do?" "Oh, yes, Sandringham was keenly appreciative, laughed at the right places, was deadly still when the story is weird and affecting ; indeed, it would be impossible to play before a more acute audience. It is quite possible that among the Prince's tenantry who were present there were some who had never seen a play before. The applause at the end of each act was most cordial and enthusiastic." "I suppose you would say much about the same thing in regard to the trial scene from the ' Merchant of Venice,' which con- stituted the second part of your pro- gramme ?" " Yes, with this addition. When Ellen Terry entered in her robes of crimson silk and velvet there was a buzz of pleasant recognition ; one could feel that upon the stage most distinctly. And she never spoke the beautiful lines of Shakspeare with greater effect. The entire company I thought played admirably, and the impressive scene never went better. When the curtain went down Miss Terry and myself were presented to her Majesty. We hastily changed our costumes and went separately into the room where the Queen, with the Prince and Princess, surrounded by his Royal High- ness's guests, received us." " May I venture to ask what her Majesty said to you?" "She was most gracious," said Irving, hesitating for the first time, and evidently thinking how much he might say to me as a friend and how little as a journalist. By this time my friend had finished his breakfast and had lighted his morning cigar, and now he began to wax eloquent upon the importance of the event so far as the stage is concerned. "The honour conferred upon myself and the Lyceum company is one in which we all share-we, the actors of the time—it reflects all round as a tribute to the stage which is not merely individual, it is collective." "You always accept your honours in a broad spirit," I said, "and your fellow actors appreciate the catholicity of your sentiments ; but tell me what did you do after the play?" "It was soon after her Majesty's departure that the Prince, in his eminently kind and gracious way, gave us from the Queen the royal mementoes I have already mentioned. And I think that is all there is to say except that I am sure all my fellow actors throughout the English-speaking world will feel a personal pleasure, and, as I said before, a personal share, in the honour her Majesty conferred upon our calling yester- day, under the royal and most hospitable roof of the Prince of Wales," with which reiterated sentiment of brotherly feeling and grateful appreciation I propose to bring this necessarily brief interview to an end, remarking, by way of a genial line of per- sonal conclusion, that as I said " Good-by," Irving flung his library window wide open letting in the first real spring sunshine of the season ; it came in like a sweet en- dorsement of the pleasant finale of an agreeable story, and as I wended my way towards Fleet-street, thinking out the first sentences of this hurried sketch, the per- fume of the itinerant flower-stalls of Picca- dilly seemed to fill the sunny air of the animated street like a benediction. 