IRELAND'S WRONGS AND WOES. NONE but* those devoid of honest, healthy sentiment can entertain any other feeling than that of deep regret at the existing state of agairs in Ireland. It avails little to trace back through Irish .history the origin of Ireland's troubles. Equally bootless is it to allege racial antipathies and religioius animosities as the sole causes of the evils which have afflicted Erin's Isle for over six hundred years. Irishmen have as much right to be proud of being pure Celts as English men have of being Anglo- Saxons, with a dash of the Ancient Briton, the Dane, the Roman, the Norman, and Dutchman thrown in. A man's religion should be no reproach to him, as he is no more responsible for the religion of his parents than he is for the blood in his veins. If Iiishmen, as is .often alleged, do hate English men, it is .an open question whether Englishmen do not hate Irishmen just as cordially. But this is not the spirit in which modern thought demands that the Irish question shall be dealt with. England claims to rank as the greatest, civilising Power the world has ever knmown.' Her success as the first colonising .Powver of this, or any other ageis due to her tender regd.d for the religious prejudices and national customs of the many and various peoples and: subject races whom she has at once dominated and civilised. all over the world. What ever stability the B3ritish Empire abroad possesses is mainly due to the large spirit of toleration by which the English laws have been framed and regulated, in deference to the legiti mate susceptibilities of those who have been brought under their sway. B3utthephenomenal success of England incolonisationonly serves to accentuate her lamentable failure to govern Ire land. Than Ireland no worse governed country can be found. It has been the fashion of the hide-bound Tory school to point to the innate "cussed ness ~' of the Irish character, as the cause which prevents Irishmen from appreciating the hidden benefits of absentee landlordism, rack-rents, martial law, and social and political coercion. Sympathy with fiends in human shape, who resort to dynamite, the knife, and the blunderbuss, who would sacrifice whole .hetacombs of livesin diabolical explosions, stab men in lonely parks, and shoot them at night.from behind walls and hedges, and wreak their brutal vengence on inoffensive dumb animals, is impos sible. These are the foes of law and order, the outlaws of humanity, afid the worst enemies of Ireland, and of the whole human race. The cowardly braggadocio of the ruffianly O·'DoNo vaN Ross .has done more perhaps than any other thing to heap prejudice on the cause of Irish free dom, and to-retard the work of reform. Yet after every admission is minade in this direction, the broad, bare fact remains, that after centuries of alternate coercion and. dragooning and pettifogging party legislation, Ireland to.day is in a state of chronic discontent and disorder -bordering on anarchy. The satisfactory solution of the Irish question is one of the problems of the nineteenth century. As long as it remains unsettled, it is a source of danger not only to the peace and good order of the United Kingdom, but also to the safety and integrity of the British Empire. It cannot be forgotten by English statesmen that the whole of the Irish difficulty is not centred in .Ireland itself. If it were, the aristocratic coercionist party would probably find no difficulty in settling the matter and all Irishmen who objectedtothesettlementproposed. It would be an easy thing for the United Kingdom of Great Britain to once more dragoon Ireland into dumb submission by Cromwellian methods. But, fortunately for Irishmen, their fellow-countrymen' across the channel are not willing that this should be done. Apart from the fact that there are hundreds of thousands of law abiding Irishmen in England, Scot land, and Wales, who exercise a healthy deterrent control at the ballot box over the advocates of the "blood and iron policy," there are millions of Englishmen, Scotchmen, and Welsh men who favour the claims of Ireland to Home Rule in the sense advocated by WLIAc EwART GLADSTONE. NO doubt the vast majority of Englishmen favour the solution of the problem soet forth by Mr. GLADSTOIE. But, by a most treacherous and dastardly conspiracy between the Tories and a number of pseudo-Liberals led by the Marquis of HARTINGTON and Mr. JoSEP1' OJrIAunEIRLAIN, the' will of the people has been frustrated, and Ire land has been left to groan under the burdens entailed by iniquitous land laws, and under the shameful.and op pressive extortions of absentee rack renters. Yet by no device have the so-called Liberal Unionists and Con. servatives (who have consorted and conspired together to sap GLAn STONE'S supremacy in the hearts and minds of his countrymen) been able to sweep the Irish question off the political board. It is the constitu tional ghost,. that will not be laid to rest until justice is done. Ireland blocks the way of progress and re form' in every department of the State. Ireland's wrongs are begin ning 'to'rebound upon the heads of those who have caused them and so long tolerated them. Reforms which the English demoe cracy are now demanding in thunder tones cannot be brought forward till Ireland's woes be either mendef or ended. Delays are over dangerous, and never so much as in legislation. The 'democracy in its demands is like the ancient Sybil-vith this difference, that after each rebuff the value of the Sybil's offer decreased, whereas the demands of a people baulked of re form become greater and sterner the longer they are delayed. So it is in England to-day. Delay in lringing about necessary radical reform has fostered the evils for which legislation has been:so long sought in vain. In England socialism is 'becomning ram pant; in Scotland the cry for Home Rule has gone up; while in.Wales legislative changes striking at the' very root of English supremacy in the Principality are being made in a manner that cannot be 'mistaken. And, from all this social and political confusiohi; the wisest men in. England can see no way of escape except' through the door of " Justice. to Ire land." . ,In addition to this sympathy with Ireland's cause in England. there is thee sympathy of the Irishman abroad for his down-trodden brother in his native, land. Millions of Irishmen scattered throughout the world, chiefly in the United States, Canada, Austra lia and at the Cape, have not severed theirconnection with their country only to forget her. Expatriated.by unjust laws, they remember her with feelings of sadhess and bitterness. These, nursing the memory of their own wrongs, feel keenly for those of their relatives, friends and countrymen who still suffer the ills fronm which they have happily escaped, Hence it is that tho. Irish National cause draws the sinews of war from America and Australia; and this explains the feelings of hostility which Irishm'en are credited with entertaining against English rule in all parts of the world. If this hos tility really exists to the bxtent alleged, it constitntes a source of future embarrassment and ultimate danger to theBritish Empire. Already, in the United States and Canada, it is interpreting itself in acts of aggres sion. Irishmen in America hnve proved themselves strong enough to compel the United Sataes Senate to reject the Extradition Bill, the rejec jection of which strikes at the very basis of the comity of nations. In Canada the Irish population are favouring a union with the United States, and their motive for so doing. is believed to be not so much a desire to become absorbed into the Federal Union as to 'embarracs England by embrbiling her with the United States. Thus, it will be seen that Ireland's wrongs may in time become England's danger; and. it therefore behoves Englishmen to con sider in time what has to be gained by delaying the day of Ireland's emancipation. The signs are ominous, and it will be well for England if, instead of having Irishmen at home as enemies in her . midst, she con ciliates them by prompt and salutary reforms. In doing this, she will be disarming outside foes, who, whether they. have the power or not, undoubt edly have the disposition to make Ireland's cause a pretext for the dis. integration of her splendid Empire. 