LASTING THE FOUNDATION STONE OF THE WiiSLEYAN SUNDAY SCHOOL. YoaterduVj tlie foundation atone of the", above building was Uid by Basil Archer; Esq, iu the presence of about 100 persons, from various parts of the district. At ubout half- past 3 o'clock the Rev D. & Lindeuy, pastor of the Church "mounted the platform, when ho gave ont tho 989th hymn, jyhicii was ming by tiie members of Mho choir, after which the rev gontlouiart read tho 84th Psalm, tlie initial proceed ings being concluded by tho Roy J. Pol-' kinghome engaging in prayer. Mr Lind- say then atated lire purpose for which they had met togetlior. The Weoloyan body hail comtncncod n Minsion in the district fifty yearn ago, with Torquay ns a centra; II® wa glad to ee Romany present, and tho prngrosA mado by Hie town even ainc'el lie had enure among them, lha hcuutifuj : residences and tho business Mrueturcs being ample proof of tbn progress made. Ho bad noticed in Melbourne eolossnj business springing from very small beginnings, an-1 who could tell what llici future of Formby would be. While glad to sec the progresR made in business, that was not all, as tliu eliurchos lmd sprung up which told them of the higher , and nobler ninis of life; Tho, land on which lire structure 'w;t to 'Lo built had been kindly p.-tuenitid by Messrs Busil Archer and R I). Stawart; and ho hoped. that God's hlfftsing would rest upon it, und that it would ho the moans el leading many in tho right path. To Mrs William Gib.mn, of Scone, one of Tasmania's fairest .. daughters, who had givon tho church a Imn' Iomire donvtion, tho thanks of tlie con- gregali ni "tavern ai«to duo. Although ufc present it was intended to orcet only a schoolroom, it was the' intention iu the' .future, lb i-uil I a church in connection with it; In c>ne!u«ion, he. trusted 'that God's .riched biosssings woul-1 res on. tho' people of tlie district;. ' Mjr Lindsay llreii prcsentod Mr Archer with n silver trowel and an ebony -mullet; tire trowel bearing tho follovriiig'iiUcription : — " Presented to " Basil Archer, Ev, on hi laying tho foun dation tone of tlie Wcslevan Methodist Sunday School, LLirmhy, on May 24, 1889." The stono having been placed in. position; ' 'Mr Archer ibelarud#it well and truly laid; in the nuure of tho Fathor, Son, and Holy Ghost. He elated that ho would not de tain tiiuiu, but Mr Lindsay should have placed Mr BtownrtV. namo before his (the speaker m), as it was ho who suggested .tin presenting of tho land. The building was being erected for the noblest work ciu uurtii, uud he hoped that it wuuld lie lire means uf naving many precious houIh. A true Methbdiat was u true Christian, for if ire fails I ru doing bis duty ho was not a true Huihodwt. He wuo confident that they would work with other Churches in lire Having of amilu, aud that when thoy had left this world for a letter one aomof would he able lo point to that building »« the place vrhfre thtir noulshad been savc-l. Me wisho I tire people every hlosJng, and trotted to meet them in the land wlierd pain, suffering and trouble were unknown; Tliu 933rd hymn wa then rung, followod by tho National Anthuni; and tho proceed ing closed. Tho stone, which is of blue- stone, i inscribed no follows : — " Founda tion stone of tlie Wcsleyan Sunday School laid by Basil Archer, Esq, 21ih May, 1889." In a cavity in lha stone, the fol lowing document was pSncdd, together with the papers and medals nientionod 3 - .This document is placed under tho memo rial stone of the -Wcslcy.au Methodist Sunday School, Steele street, Formby, laid by Basil Archer, Esq, 2-ltli May, 13S9, iu the 52nd year of the reign of Her Most Gracious Ma- » jesty Queen Victoria; His Excellency Sir Robert George Grookshank Hamilton, K.C.B., Governor of Tasmania. The- Rev J. C. Sy- mntis, president of the General Conference of tlie Australasian Wcsleyan .Methodist Ojiuveh ; tho Rev J. W. Crisp, president of the Victorian an'd Tasmaniau Conference; the Rev David Stewart Lindsay, chairman of tile Men-ev District, and superintendent of v tlie Mersey Circuit ; fvlr lt. 1). Stewart and Mr Alexander Flndlay, circuit stewards. Iho trukeus oi! this Trust, which is the Model Trust of Tasmania, arc tho . Hon William liart, M.L.O., Basil Archer. Robert D. Stew-, art aud others. Aiifl the following are the iqeinbers of thn Buiidlng Oommittce :— Henry A. I'fiitt, .William Aikonhead, Jabez Hwt-t, G. M. Bcy'non, Harrison, T. Oqkcrby, IL 11. Make. Architects, Mr T. Y. Kimpton (iv.-rmtly deceased, who was accidentally killed while crossing the railway line at Formbv, just us we were about to build) aud Mr Jo-lma, lliggs, of LaunccRtou. Contrac-- tor, Mr Caleb J. Hiller. With this are place-: the following papers : — " The Specta tor," "The North-West Host," "The Daily Telegraph," and copies of the Circuit lta'b team.! fclng ticket, and handbill, and 2 Ju bilee medab. , Tlio buililinj., wliiuli ii -|£ G itliic iluiin, is in cuui'89 o£ oroution ia Steel, atioet, I clone to tile Gililin Memorial Hull. Ilia I to |io o£ brick, wil'i a cmicrole foundation, I and slated roof willi tile'1 ridge. The ont- I sido measurement isdOx 24ft, with lGfl I walls, and from tile -floor to the coiling I tli« height is 22ft. On tl.owestsiticlh.ro I will ho three windows), and two on tlio I vaat. Tho-l'ronl will he tuck pointed, ami I the iioiide plastered, showing u alone imi- I falion until it reaches the dudn, which is I to le of Blackwood. The pitch of the I roof will ho l?ft. The ceiling will ho I hoarded witli ntalohwood, and every al- | ' tnitiotf has been paid tu the thorough von- I tilation of the building. Tito additions I which hitvb iwen allowed for tiro two cltisn rooms, each 1 2 x lift-. I The ton meeting, held in the Protestant 'Hall wis well attended, lite. tables, three in number, being fil ed. The visitors were waited upon by Mcsdiunes l'rall, Priest, Uckorhr,' Keoit, lioytinti. .Missus Cowie (2) Chapman, Inge, McLaren, Thirltoll, and Hill. The catering was in the hands of Mr Dean, of Torquay. The public mooting was hold in the | Protestant Hall, in the eroning, and ' . was largely attended, and - eras opened tiy the choir ' rendering a selection, after Which Pastor Ilydo engaged in prayer. — Mr Stewart filled tlio chair, and briefly, slalod tlui object of flic meeting. "W nun the question of erecting church buildings was discussed it was decided to erect a schoolroom first, and he wished the building, of which the 'foundation siono'had hecu laid that day every iiitcccsB. Ho hoped that tlio popu lation Would increase, and that they would r ouii ' ho called together lo celebrate tho 'opening Of n church. — The ltev D. 8. Lindsay here read apnlogius from the Revs TV.. Hogg und T. "Woodl'iill, Who were., 'tinehle to attend.— Mr Bailey congratulated the choir on their singing and tho ladies on Lite tea provided, Ho hoped that the building would bo a success, that ttie truths of the Gospel would' ho fully sx- phiimUl! in it, niid Ihut many would be led to ilm tlirono of graco. lis udviasd tlio nieiiibui'j of thu church to assint their -minister, and not throw tlio Imlk of tlio ." 'work on 'him. I'lncji of them s, on'd take some responsibility. God had somoihiug Cor 'everyone to do, und there was work for all. He solicitcd-his hearers to lio loyal to ihoir 'Divine Kautsr and to cleave to Him, 'and Hissist in the spreading of His word. — l'aslor Hyde was pleased to he present, as they idl were seeking to do good in their way. Tho llody to which lie hclungud had not Titfcen ad vantage of tlmir WYslcyan frionr.s in the purchase of the Protestant llall, us ihey had uljowod lliein three lnontiis to sccdrc allot her building. Jla pointed out tiir.l the 'conversion of sonis should always be kept ill view-. Tiiuy 'slionld be always i'-ady to go on with tlio good work ami endeavor to win souls for Jesus-. To do this they must ha're fail li ami strength, as it w.ia only by faith in the Lord Jeain iliuyooiiid succeed, 8omu puoplo argued That tiio dilliciilty of winning souls was so great limy could not overcome it, but lo llicse lie wouid say that with t'biii's br-'o lliey could surmoiiiit tlio difliciiUice. Ii>: had known pcrsooB'singled put for prayer, arid, which u, Innately lad to their Conver sion. if ihcy ho :evcd in God thair faith' must show the .pre para: ion thv.y mad.i for tlio hlus-iiigs tloiy would receive. When faith was real it .received the blessing of God. An tlio pastor of tlio Baptist Church lie wisliud the school success in tho higb- 'eataeuae of ilie urm. — Mr IWilArchcr said he had hoped that Ida work of laying the foundation ituoo would have been 11 thai would have been askud of him. His i lead was to persevere iu doing ns lung us lie con!, J, and only atop when 'he was forced to. The building would lie erected for the preaching of the old gmpy -, not iiow-fiingleii sui-miao. Tho Bible ws» tho secret of ICnglaud's .-unices.,, an I attention paid to its trm lis wonlit make tiiciu batter 'tnen than they would othorwiai lie. There ivae work for every Christiau to do. Everyone should uu identified wiili Mine 'cliurch,and do:what lliey eouid for tin; honor and glory of .Icsiu. ff a man belonged to a religions sect and threw all hiu energy '"to it, ho must do good. Having onco joined a church they must not bo laggards, 'i'luir uitn slionht ha to load people straight to Christ. They should not hsiitatu to work, oven if thoy thought tliev had but little influence. A ihlle influence wel 'dircctsd did good.— Tea iiev J-. . Pulkittg- huriie congratulated tiiein on having crun . mooned til building. Tho Methodist Church had liaen taxed with building too many churches'. II. - hid not think so. Mileli good boon done by the preaching of tho gospel, brtt there was still much mora to (lo, and upon all tliero rested a great responsibility. Tlio speaker then in lucid terms showed the great benefit which had . bean heatoWOd upon mankind . by the setting apart of ono (lay of the weak as a day of prayer, and hoped that much good work w ould be done in the tie w building Mr I). Cocker, said that witli tlio exesp- ti-'U of Mr B. \V. Tliomat ho wits llto oldest resident oh iho Mersey , and looking back he could sco great progress in church matters froiutho time the first service wis held in the district, t Purl Soicll, and afterward at the 1' arlh. Ths trouble. and diflicuhio ininisti'i'a |,ad to eucuun.er in the early days was vividly depicted by the speaker, who said they ware much indsbred . to the f.itiinccstnn circuit for the valuable aesiht- m.ce rendered by ilium, lie liaii Iw'ay« taken u great interest in .Sunday seiiooi.,, and siigguitcl iii.it >i cmnmittoe slionld be , appointed to find out the oniidreti in the town who did n,,t go t„ . sjimdr.y' school, oiitl induce thcin lo oil, mil Wliieif Ung- I b land discarded tho Bible, which was the secret of her success, liar great no'sg w6uM re- coivo a downfall.— Tho Iter D. S. Lindsay gavo an ' outline of the history of |he Methodist Chnreli, wliich wan onlv'n con. lury and a half-, old and now numbered 25,000,000 members. H» could r,«o a grand future for religion. lib thanked God for all tho churches and iikod to sec them working sido by Mr T. P. Cowlo prnposnd a vote of tluinks to tho choir and Iho ladies who assisted at tho ten, anil Ihc speakers. Mr OWIe referred in complimentary tonus to tho services rendered by those mentioned iu the volo of thanks.— The motion was seconded by Mr Pratt »r.d carried unani mously.— During the. cvoning, tho choir, under the cotidnclorship of .Mr Ookerby, tendered several selections very creditably. Mrs Inge officiated lit tho organ. 