OUR NEW YORK LETTER. NEW YORK, MAY 2G. : The Centennial celebration is already far away in tho past; but its cohoes still ring in our oars. .Tn tho main, it was a groat and worthy tribute to tho ono colossal figuro of tho Revolution, but it brought out some markedly unpleasing foatnres in our ourront public life. * Tho naval and military parados were quito imposing, and dearly proved that in case of neod at least a hundred thousand well drilled mon can bo mobilieod nt any required point within a fow days. But tho oratory, especially at the banquet, was commonplace almost beyond belief ; at least half of tho monoy taken nt tho publio stands was stolen by thc gatekeepers ; »nd at tho ball tho mob burst through tho polico guard, dravo tho respectable guests, who lind honostly paid for their tickets, from the floor, and thon got drunk on the woll-nigh oxliaustless stores of champagny that wore temptingly laid out at a bar counter a thousand feot in longth, tho scono finally culmi- nating in a prematuro clearing of tho hall by a pla- toon of militia. All this was forgotten iuthroodays, because wo have heard of such things before, but tho official sermon of tho celebration, preached by Bishop Pottor, in tho venerable St. Paul's Church, where a century ago Washington was wont to worship, has evoked a storm of mingled approval and indignation, which is still raging wildly. The Bishop took what may bo called tho heroic view, not only of Washington, but of the revolutionary era generally, and then, having mercilessly sketched the honours of tho ponding scramble for places, deplored the degeneracy of tho modern age. Many of tho allusions were almost porsonnl attacks on Mr. Harrison, and, even if justified by fads, were certainly ill-timed. But it is amusing to noto tho manner of the replies made by the friends of tho Presidont. In ofiect they say that tho Bishop is probably right as to our prevailing badness, but he is wrong in saying that the fathers of the Constitu- tion wero any better. And tho end of it all is a genoral unearthing of tho scandals of tho stormy birth-opoch of. our country. Mr. M'Master's "History of tho Atnorican Pcoplo" fitr'niBhos much of this ? unsavoury mattor, but Mr." Gouverneur Morris, a- grandson of ono of. tho. signors of the Declaration of Indepondonce, and'many other's have contributed their share to this reckless washing Of dirty anciont linen, and few of our illusions, as to tho Revolution will pro- bably, survive to us. It may bo taken now as con- ceded that nt no timo in tho struggle between tho colonies and the mother-country would a fair voto have shown in any State a majority in favour of sepa- ration, whilo nearly all tho well-to-do olasso3wore bitterly opposed to it. Even Mr. Bancroft, too, admits formally that his history fails to give duo credit to tho Erench Government for the support it gave to tho patriots, and that but for that support the issuo of tho conflict would , not improbably have boen a , victory for the British Crown. Washington's army was made up largely of bank- rupt, discontented,' and desperate men, and to most of them patriotism was, indeed, as Dr. Johnson defined it in the first edition of hi? Dictionary, the " last refuge of a scoundrel." Just as Thackeray has demonstrated that the Stuntts lost the English throne simply by their own folly, ro tho futuro his- torian will demonstrate that the political schism of tho English-speaking race came about simplv through tbo folly of George III. and his advisers. That all this should bo published in Atnorican pspors is a pretty sure sign that wa enter tho second contury of our history in a ststo of national maturity. Tho laurels upon which wo now pride ourselves most are thoso gained in the war of the rebellion; and until tbe union was eemented by tho seas of blood shed in th&t; awful struggle, it might well have boon doubled whether the work of tho fathers of the Constitution would permanently endure. ..... Mr. Harrison listened to the sermon with com- placent decorum, and then-went to Washington and sinned worse than ever, for on tho very day of his return ho appointed his son's wife's father to a fat öOOOdol. office. This made the fifth wernher; of his own family provided for out of tho public treasury, and even his own party aro losing patience nt'the oynioal indifforenoo to decency displayed in such unsoomly nepotism. Every other President ex- cept Washington has erred in the samo way (forevon : Clevolarid appointed his wife's cousin to the. Sheffield consulate ; but whenever a frosh example' of this crimo occurs we go through the usual forms of righteous indignation. As to the general routine of office-seeking, the work of turning Democrats out and putting Democrats in goes along with nover-ceasing activity. Thero is still a faint pretence maintained of observing the Civil Service rules, but everyono knows that the powers that be are constantly finding new ways of evaîing them, and that we have in fact returned to tho "spoils" system. Even under Clovelnnd, it was found im- possible to withstand the presence of tho politicians, and now, of course, there is lacking evon the desire to reform. Patronage is once moro ostablieked as the groat motivo power of tho American Govern- ment, and is likely henceforth to grow in import- ance as an element of mischief and corruption. Mr. Blaine's friends are loudly applauding his success in the ? Samoa negotiations ; and it really seems at though . we, had got nearly all wo ever asked for by tho mere effort of taking a decisivo . position. ? Looking back, though, one can hardly help marvelling at tho audacity of tba policy adoptod. Mr. Blaine deliberately appointed Mr. Bales as ono of the American commissioners, because that gentleman'.had, published in the April Century on article denouncing the Germans in un- measured terms, and decclihing among many other unpleasant things that Gorman commerce, in the ovont of war, would bo at the moroy of our now faal cruisers. Und-r ordinnry circumstances, such a negotiator could hardly hopo for a cordial welcome from tho Power ho had attacked. Yet Bismarck seoms to have cheerfully accepted his excuses, and forthwith to have peacefully yielded up just the very things Mr. Bates had oxpected to get only by force. When the full text of the agreement comes to light wo may discover a hidden snnre, but for the moment we are exultantly happy. Kr. Blaine has also just despatched two vessels to Hayti. with orders to secret and mysterious that wo can only faintly guess their .mission. It seems that since the American admiral bullied tho existing Port- au-Prince Government info giving up tn American vessel which had been seized for giving aid to tho rebels, there has been among the Haytians a very bitter feeling against the United- States, and this has led to negotiations wlfjb France for a sort of protecto- rate, feuch a treaty would be a olear violation of the Monroe doctrine, and so Mr. Blaine has deter- mined to veto it at any cost, France has yielded in the matter of the Panama Canal (which is now practically abandoned, its managers having failed to raise onough money to preserve tho work from falling into ruin), i but she may resent somewhat angrily this new interference. Last week, too. two United States cruisers, the Bush and the Bear, were despatched to Behrings Sea, with orders to rigorously enforce the laws passed by Congress for the protection; of the seal fisheries, and to seize all caught in the act of poaching. Unluckily, our jurisdiction over thia vast sea is only admitted by Husein, who claims joint rights in it, and who sold to us for a money consideration what- ever title we may now possess. The rest of tho world, and especially Great Britain, insist that the sea ÍB open, and among the many unsettled contro- versies between ourselves and England is one about the seizure by the United States of several Canadian sealers a couple of years ago. Last year the Cleve- land Government stopped malting fur th or seizures, but now it looks ai though they were to be resumed more rigorously than ever. Of course, the right of the United States to protect its own islands is beyond dispute, and it is also admitted that tho Canadian sealers, by attempting to take the seals on the open Bea, ruin the shore fisheries. Bat have we the right to insist that a great ocean like Behrings Sea, which makes quite a respectable patch upon j even the smallest of maps, shall be a closed sea? If we have not, the seal fisheries will soon become' i a thing of the part, because in hunting seals on the open sea; more are wounded than are taken ; and, besides, there can then be no limit to the number permitted to be captured. Perhaps, however,, a convention of the civilised Powers could agree upon samo means of restricting tho hunting of seals ta reasonable limits. . Fivo, hundred mon wore engaged last weet foi operations on tho Nicaragua Canal, which therefore will bo bogan immediately. It is by so moans certnin, howoTcr, that it will not soon bo laid asido in favoui af an American attempt to completo the Pauamt project. Months ago au Amorican association, ic which' Vico-Prosidont Morton was ono- of th( lenders, endeavoured to obtain- control of tho ole company, aud thoy aro still conducting nogotiationi in! that direction. . If successful at all it mutt bc iirimediatoly, because a singlo rainy Monson will oflaoo all tho work hitherto dono. Tho joint roso ; lution of, Congress 'precludes tho possibility of anj help being given by tho French Government, nnc I thoso American speculators aro tho only privat« I capitalists willing to venturo monoy in tho furthoi prosecution of tho enterprise. And nearly, if not all, of this American capital is monoy mado oui of prouts on contracts lot out by the Dc Lesseps management to a New York dredging companj*. It would bo a stroke worthy ol Jay. Gould himself to buy out tho original ownori with tho monoy thoy had foolishly squandered, and then tri a ko tho scheme a lucrative success. But, ol course, if this project fails, the Nicaragua canal will be actively pushed forward, and many engi- neers believo that in any case it is the safer and cheaper route. Several other smaller attempts tc modify American geography are in course of pro- secution. In a year or two the canal through the Cape Cod peninsula will be completed, tho work being done, by the way, by the. samo dredging company which is trying to absorb the Panama scheme ; and {lion from Now York to Portland, vessels can follow the coast in a straight line. Work has also actually beon bogun by tba Cana- dians on the Chignccto Marino Hallway, an onterpriso about which we shall probably hear a great deal in the course of the next few years. As Na^uro 1 eft the land tho isthmus of Chignccto acts as a barrier to" tho continuous navigation of tho Gulf of St Lawrence and Bay of Fundy, neces- sitating .an additional sea voyage of 700 miles around tho rocks and fogs of the Nova Scotia coast for;all.vessels from tho great rivör destined for tho ports at tho head of the Bay of Fundy. To piorcû this isthmus with a canal would cost 12,000,000dol.;, and so an alternativo project of a ship railway has beon adopted. Tho track will bo only 17 miles long, and perfectly straight, aud tho gradionts will bo . virtually level, none exceeding tho ratio of 1\. in .2000,. At each end there will bo a dock in quiet water, each of thom furnished with a hydraulic ship-lift, and constructed on tho model of thoso already in operation at tho Victoria Docks "in London. Tho dotails of the railway itself would bo scarcely intelligible without a glance at tho < plans, but they are simply an application to large seagoing vessels of tho samo system of carriage' adopted, both in England and America, for tbe land transport of canal boats and, othw like crafts up to 00 tons burdon. The Canadian Governmont grants tho project a subsidy of 170,000 dollars a year for 20 years, but it is hoped that part of this will, bo recouped from tolls. The advantages of the canal will be divided betweon Canada and the United Stoles. Our American fishing fleet, consisting of GOO vessels, will bo very great gainers, because by using tho canal thoy will be'ablo to make two trips during the season instead of one. The .coal mines and stone quarries of SToya Scotia -will bo brought at once 700 miles nearer" io Now York, and the distance between Quebec .or Montreal and St. John's will bo lessened by OOO miles.. But, of course, tho railway will bo of comparatively littlo Eervica either to tho Cana- dians or to. Americans, unloss an arrangement is made for intertrading, - and this is only possible on tho basis.o£ commercial union. It is certainly a sign of the real confidence that generally exists in the near approach of some system of reciprocal commerce between the two countries, that a great project euch as this, depending largely for its success .upon the establishment of an Amorican Zollverein, should bo energetically pushed forward. .. .The commercial situation shows some signs of improvement. It begins to look as though we should have large crops of everything, and Walli street, at any rale, is so well satisfied of it that stocks'havo taken a jump upward. This, has con- tinued in Bpite of sudden large exports of gold, which show that European holders of our securities are glad to .let us have them at present pricos. ? The mildness of the winter demoralised the coal trade, but, of "course, the'«joney that was not spent in coal and furs and warm clothing is available now for Fomcthing oise. Wages romain at fair prices, though there is a tendency downward, whioh tho mon seem disinclined to resist, and there ore not many unem- ployed. ' Capital by tho hundreds of millions can be obtained for any promising enterprise ; but among such enterprises railroad building is not included. Wo havo got all the railroads wo want for tho pre- sent, and it will take years for tho wildernesses through which 6ome of them run to become fairly well peopled. When the -Slate legislatures have all adjourned it will probably be found that at least seven States have adopted the " Australian " system of voting. Bills for that purpose have been introduced in ll StatcB, but in New York the Governor vetoed the bill after it had boen passed, on thc ground that ii deprived a man of what ho regards as tho constitu- tional right to write a ballot for himself and to put upon it the name of any person ho pleases. In. Connecticut tho bill passed by 183 to nine, and has hoon signed; and in Massachusetts, Illinois, and Michigan similar Acts have become law. In any case, the system, will bo working in enough States this fall to givo us a fair experience of what it can do for us, and if it comes anywhere nearly up to tho expectations of its friends, it will soon bo universally adoptod. All of us- who favour it havo stuck energetically to the ' terra " Australian," whilo ita enemies have just as energetically persisted in branding it ns " English." Of course, it is in use in both Eng- land and Australia, but, such is tho frailty of human nature, it is positively certain that had it been exclusively on English institution, it would have not had tho ghost of a chance of adoption in this country, The theatrical season is over. Wilson, tho comedian, having left tho Casino Company, has oponed a theatre for himself, and has pro- duced a comio opera named . " Oolah," which lias met with fair success and. will be played through a good part of the summer. The Casino bas brought out " The Brigands," but relies for support a great deal on tho fact that after the regular piece there is an hour's concert in the roof garden of the theatre. The attraction here has beon a Hungarian band,.but this will probably have to be stopped, because the regular orchostra refuse to allow them to play on the ground that they don't bolong to theMusioal Union. Of course, tbo Casino threatens to hire a non-union orchestra un- less this prohibition is withdrawn, but this is easier said than done. The musicians are the most compact and powerful of all tho unions, thanks j to a rule they have adopted of allowing no one to join their ranks unlesB he has boen six months a resident of the United States. Few foreigners can afford this enforced spell of idle waiting, and so tho immigration of foreign musicians is very small. And, of course, the Casino dare not hire a musician abroad, or even promise him work if ho came here, because that would be a violation of the Alien Con- tract Labour Law, and would-mean fine and perhaps also imprisonment. Such, in this centennial year, is the'kihd of personal freedom which has survived to us. Hot long ago) the churchwardens of tho Ohnreh of tho Holy Trinity paid lOOOdol. fine, because they had broken the law by hiring a rector in England. All this class of legislation, like the prohibitory laws, moy be inevitable accidents of progress, but unluckily, it takes an ordinary com- mon-place citisen a long time to get used.to it. Errs's. Cocoa.-Ü*AT»FÜL AN» COMPOBTISO.-" By a thorough knowledge sf the natural laws which govern the opérations of digestion and nutrition, and by a careful ap- plication of the rino properties of well-selected Cocoa, Mr. Kpps bas provided our breakfast tallos with a delicately flavoured beverage which may save us many heavy «octers' bills, lt is kv the judicious use ot such articles of diet that a constitution may be gradually built up until streng enough. to resist every tendency to disease; Hundreds of subtle maladies aro loafing around us ready to attack wherever ' there il a weak point. Wo may escape many a fatal shaft bv keening ourselves well-fortified with pure blood, and a properly nourished frame."-Civil Service Gazette.. Made simply with bolling water er milk. Bold In '¿-lb. packets, by grocers, labelled thus-Jamel Epps and Co., Homoopathlo CncmlstJ, London.-IADVT.O 