toes and Sketches. A PIT BROW LASSIE. SY JtSto MONK FOSTER, Author of 'The Moss eit Mystery,' 'A Poor Man's Tragedy.' ?? Jndith'a [ill RIGHXd BES&RVKD.;] STNOPSI3 OF PREVIOUS CHAPTERS. Counss I. am- IL-At Ashlord. a to*D of c. dfcries, fa tt»KJ« Pit, «hne worked Kati Uigh, a ?? pit brow F'W'ie. comevi.it tbove ihe ordinary run of the colliery Late Blandish, a collie? of' iu^J^noTud tome ambition. He appreciates in acodtsot which enables him to drag her from under the wbeela of ai approicbinjr wagon, bat, dippine bimsell, sustains a serious accident, which prostrates aim for some time. K*te Leigh and her mother vi-dt him in his illness, and an acquaintance springs up between them. Be lends her a copy of Alias Braddon'e 'To the Bitter End' to read. Chapter III and -.W— Loire Standuh and K»f I-ict atteud a picnic and there became avowed lovers, the ncniace bmtever being posponed ind finitely. The story taking a retroqiective son relates how tiie father and mother of Kate Leigh redded at Pendleton w-me twenty years bdjre the evens previously narrated occur. He is thriftless and drunken while titae is painstaking and thoufthtfol. Jealous of the Ldndaees ebowa to her by George Bamforth, » former lover, he quarrels with .her and leavee her. Strtttg-Iing alone, she and her child, Kate, go to lire at Omlham, and there Kate, working at one of the pita is grossly ioaolted by The mmagcr. She fell him with a brush, aaj she aad her mother leave the town, retaining to AsMord where her father h *d so cni^Jly left them. Ce.MtW V and VL— Mr. Henry WHlisden, solicitor. Manchester, receives a letter from an old friend in him, namely to discover the whereabouts of hie sister, MircarL't Hampton, (lira. Ltigh). He has prospered in Australia and is uudoui to hear of bis sister. ArJiur WOlesden, m nephew of hit, a young- t^apegrace, though his escapades are unkr.own to hi£ relative*, undertakes toassjme the part of amateur detective. He is lni-ky in finding the ??f-itrtiq, and beiujr cantivated by the giri'e beanty, resolves to lay a trap for her. Chapter VII an» vni. — Lake Standish and a the Kinjr fit. On thefr way the? are completely Mocked by (he 'Qebrut. Lake coin? ap one of the avenue* tryif g to find out a way of ecrese, is atrack by the appearance of what seems to be a man tea rears older than himself. The man's face wore a weird expression, upon which Luke g*zed spell-bound. The next moment he felt an icy .chill as the figmre pawed him* and disappeared. 'Then Lute^olt unconscious on the floor. Meanwhile a search Is made for the mLffliag Chafteh IX.— Through the Window. When Lake St&ndish; came oat of the swoon which followed his dr6&m; or Bnpeoiattinl vision^ whichever it might be, he stared wildly axonnd him, not remembering for a few . momenta where he wu and what had happened. Then hie memory came back with a rash, and an irrepressible shudder shook his frame as he recalled the horror he had endnred prior to losing his senses. The first question he pot to himself waa — Had he been dreaming, or was he aware when he e&w;, or fancied he saw, that strange, weird-looking figure disappear in the fall jort beyond where he waaatill sitting? A dream, enrely. It was abenrd to think t could be anything else. Glancing down the road, Lake conld sac the lamps of his comrades who were still awaiting his return, and it struck him that he must have been unconscious for only a rery short time, or they wonld hare come to seek him. Then he arose, and with one last glance around, walked down the road to rejoin his workmates. As he went along, he made op hit mind to say nothing to them of the singular incident that ' had just befallen him There were several reasons for this. In the first place, Lnke was known among his comrades as a profound disbeliever in all things pertaining to dreasu and spectral visitations, aad had fl.|nr»yn criticised in a most unmerciful manner the ghost stories some of the old1 pitmen were fond of narrating. Again, he thought, and perhaps rightly, that the recital of his strange experience inLiUb discourage his comu&LiioDS;, anil incline them to believe that they were all doomed to perish in the subterranean wilderness in which they were entangled. asked, as he joined Joe and the other two who were still seated where he had left them. ' UiddiinV Joe answered ; ' did yo' fahnd owt?' 44 A fa' o1 roof, that's &w;,' Luke replied. ' What's eawr next move, Joe V ' Ah dan know,' Thompeoa cried wearily. ' Ah think we mot as weal dee heer as any wheer elee.' ' Ah'm going' no farther,' one of the other men cried doggedly. 'It's no use ramblin' abeawt when we dnnnot know whesr we are.' 4'Sumbuddy nil ha* to fahnd us,' the other man broke in, for we cannot fahnd eawrscls, an' they'll fahnd as heer as wee) as aoywheer else.' ?4 Ah'm gooin* to ha' o sleep, Luke !' Thompson exclaimed. 'Ali'm gradely done up.' Luke saw that it would be vain on his part to urge his comrades to coDtdone their rambling just theo, and it seemed there was ?mall hope of them findiag their way unailed. So he followed the example of the others, and seated himself on the cold hard floor of the mine. In a few moments he could hear the deep drawn regular breathing of tired men sleeping. Two of tbe men were already slumbering in entire oblivion of their -ituai ion, and a few minutes afterwards Joe Thompson also fell asleep. Then Lnke Stand Lib drew a piece of chalk from his waistcoat pocket, and upon the rocky side of the place he had-ascended he wrote his name in large thick strikes that woulJ tike years to obliterate , and ill addition to l his he inscribed the day of the month and year. He wonld be able to Teoogoise the pjiot aeain should it ever ke hi! tot to revimt if, and, even at that moment it teemed piobable that at some time or other he would desire to see the place where he had, eithtr in fancy or fact, encountered Lht»t blae-shirtt?d, durk bearded 6gnnj. It was now after nine o'clock. They had been wandering among the old galleries for nearly five honrs, and were^ it appeared, no nearer- liberty than irben tbey set out just after th-. roof collapsed. There was no telling how much longer their imprieionment might last. All that day might elapse, perhaps them from out that huge labyrinth whose windings seemed endless. The dense unbroken etiHneas was both im pressive and oppressive, and seemed to weigh heavily on Lnke's heart and min-t. H»» wonld have slept also, but his bead ached toofeaxf nlly to allow him to sleep. Ko he sat there pondering many things, and slowly the minutes slid paat, every one seeming to impress itself upon the yonne miner. , He looked again at his watch and found it was a quarter-past ten. Joe 1 h-mpson and tbe others 8114 bI timbered as peacefully as if ', they were at home in their respective beds, ', and a sullen despair wss beginning to fasten npou Lake, when at last his tired eyelids fell | and he slumbered. . , But his sleep was of short doratinn. He had hardly closed his eyes, it teemed, when his attention was aroused by some distant sound, and in a moment he was listening intently. What was it tbat awoke him ? Waa it the clatter of falling roof, or the soand of approaching feet 1 lie bent down low. placed bis ear against the cold floor, and held his breath, while be listened in an intense, exuited way. Thad ! thud ! thad ! fell lowly, bat untnis t&kably;, upon bis strained hearing, asd rising to a sitting posture he shouted with all the power of his deep, strong long* : — ' Hallo ! Hallo ! hnllo !' Joe Thompson and the other sleepers rose suddenly to their knees, staring wildly about. unable to andentand the great noise Luke bad made. ' There's Bumbnddy abeawt !' Lake cried to bis wondering, eletpy-eyed mates. ' IVe heard feet ! Let's aw sheawt together !' The next moment four powerful voices blent together, and amignty ' Hallo !' swept along the old galleries of the mine. Intense stillness followed for an instant, and then they all beard a clear, piercing whistle. Again their joined voices rang oat ; once more a wave of Bound rolled swiftly along the low galleries, and the whistle answered their shoot. A minnte afterwards old Ike Ells worth, the other fireman and two men were beside them, each one glad to find all the tnintrinr miners safe. ' Whaf ? np lads ?' old Ike asked jocularly, *' Han yo' bin lost ?' 'Ah think thah knows.' Joe Thompson cried, ill humouredly. ' We'n bin lite four wand'rin Jews on' four o'clock this mornin'.' ' Thah shouldn't o getten lost, Joe,' retorted Ellsworth, 'for tfaah's bin thro' th'air-roadB afoor.' ' Ay, ah have, Ike, bar ah'U never gooa thro' em again,' and Joe shook his head with great solemnity. ' It was Joe us eed he knowed f road,' one of the men growled. ' and he lost hiseel nn us too.' 'Never mahnd, lad,'1 was Joe's response, There was a general laugh at Joe's expense, and then they prepared to quit the place, old Ike Ellsworth leading. Without tbe least difficulty the old fireman led them oat of the labyrinth, and Lnke and his comrades were not overpiea&ed; to notice that they had crossed and re -crossed the right way many a All the way out Lake Standisb aBed his chalk unsparingly, making signs upon the roof and sides every Bcore of yards. Old Ike and the other men laughed when they saw him doing this, for they imagined that he was only taking bach precautions as would enable him to find his way oat of the maze in future, whereas, in reality, he was thinking of returning thither sutne d*.y- He bud not yet forgotten the blue -shifted, dark -bearded 6gure, and every frfsb chalk ni^rk he made attc&tcd; to the depth of the impression the incident had made upon him. was reachrj, and a few miuurcs aft-r tbe four miners were standing on the pit bank in the her work of number-shouting, and she could and thankfulness that amply repaid the miner for all the annoyance of the la&t; few Juut as Luke and the others were about to leave tbe pit£bsnk thu manager, Mr. Latham, pat ia his appearance. He, of cuurso, had nearJ of tbe great fall in the north level -Lud had beeu uneicv regarding the misting men, 'l safe* 'pr-^S ' P ^^ * ^'^ events of the preceding niyht, and by the time this waB done the steam whistles were announcing the dinner hour. Mr. I^athdm was both a feeling man and a generous master. Knowing the four men were greatly exhausted by last nightV wanderings be intimated tbat each of them conld take a holiday that evening, and that their wages should be paid iu full at tbe week end. 1 nii please*! the miners very maoh, and each went home happy. The relatives of t'.c b re Ail ? winners were in no Hanger, bcin^ merely detained in the pic through an acci-]eut, and this information had allayed many fears 1 awaiting his coming somewhat dnxiciusly. after a hearty meal he washed himself* and wratto bed. Tbe remembrance of tbe singular incident | that had befallen him when he left his comrades for a epaie to explore the old road had seldom been out of Lobe's thoughts since the occarence, and the affair troubled his mind etiU when hi amber eei^ed bis tired brain and wearied limbs. In his Bleep be was again lost in the old g&ileHes; of the old King Pit. once more he left his worfcmat-fi to go up tbe old road to find it closed at tbe top by a heap of fallen roof. Again ha seated himself disgusted ere tarDing to rejoin bits fellows, aud once more was hn atruck sick and dumb with unspeakable horror on feeling tbat weird-looking, noiseless, blue-tbirted, black bearded figure pass through him and then slowly disappear amid the fallen roof-heaps. The. dream ended suddenly there — sleep also ; and the miner sprang to a silting posture in bed, hie face covered with thick beads of cold sweat and the horror of it still upon him. Then be lay back again on his pillow, aod in a few moments waa fast asleep again, and this time bis heavy slumber waa neither broken nordistnrbed by any phantom fancies. When Luke next awoke it was a little after six in the evening, eo arising, he dressed and went out for a walk. He regretted now that lie ha/l not told Kate of the holiday the manager had given him and tbe others, and made an appointment witn her. It was a line evening, warm and still, and Loke struck for the fields, on the eastern borders of the town, where one in half-an hoar's walk might get beyond the smoke and smell of A'bford. Tbe big red sun bang low in the west, encompassed by a thin veil of haze which gave promise of a fine sunset, whilst here and there the blue sky was dotted with island? of fleecy white cloud. Tbe shorn wheat stood in thick eheaves in the fields Luke strolled through, and amid the ripe-leaved trees song birds were piping their vesper roundelays. Now and again be met a pair of lovers loitering about the stiles or sitting under the hedgegrows. But Luke bad no eye this evening for the grace and light and life about him. He was of bis late dream and the remarkable incident that preceded aad doubtless originated it Looking back now and calmly regarding the incident which befell him op the old road he was forced to think it also had been a dream. But the features of the man he had seen, bis dress and figure, the weird aspect of his faCo — every detail was indelibly impressed upon Luke's mind as if he had known the man for years and seen him thousands of times. Thas musing, Lake came to a standstill, beside a grassy bank, where a big leaved sycamore threw a broad shadow, and here he sat down. He had scarcely seated himself when an idea flashed through his mind, followed by an instantaneous determination to give an effect to tbe fancy. From one of bis pockets the young pitman drew an old pocket-book, oat of another he fished a piece of blacklead pencil, and sharpening the latter he proceeded to carry oat the idea that had struck him. Luke had attended tbe Art School held in the town for a couple of sessions, and was able to sketch a little. Going to work earnestly, if slowly and laboriously, ha contrived, in the space of half -as -hour or so, to produce a crude, yet singularly striking likeness of the figure he had seen in the old gallery of the King Pit. When the rude sketch was finished he held it at arm's length and seamed it attentively. There before him were the form, face, and clothes he remembered so well. He had missed nothiug. There were the cordaroy breeches, patched at the knees ; tbe blue flannel shirt, torn at the elbows ; th» compact form, and heavily bearded face, with its weird aspect. All were reproduced, rudely, it is true, but sufficiently near the original to satisfy Luke. Gazing at the lines he had made, the likeness struck htm eo much tbat a trace of tbe old shivering horror seized him, and he bastily replaced the pocket book in his ?racket. routinued his walk, taking a direction that would lead him, by a buuje what circoitous route, pa&t; Baaniattr'e Row, in one of the cottages of wind, hie sweetheart lived. Bat following evening. The sun Mas setting pow amid great b&nks; groat : iits in the gorgeous coloured vapour the glorious agbt streamed forth, dyeing every thing it tuucf'ed a deep blood red hue, and trans form ing the prosaic landscape to a picture oi weird unearthly beauty. By the time Luke Sianduh came iu sight of the Western heaven had lost all its splendour bo lately fallen were only Borne f-tict 'streaks of ^tvy far up toward the zenith, whilst upon bla;ki*eh-rcd glow. The miner had resolved to call upon tbe Leighs for a few minutes, and as he came to Ihe corner of the little garden patch be lifted the latch of the gate and stepped upon the narrow gavelled walk. Middenly he pau--ed, of the cottage in which the Leighs lived. Thvre wu a good li^ht in^i.le the room, and as th« bl-nd i-.ab not pulKd down, Luke crmld see everything within the apartment, whi st I keen ?s t [utin, aan sent the blooii in hot, i passionate ? urges nf ji^alousv through Me brain. This ia what he saw : In the centre of the farther side vi this, with their' faces to the window, eo thkt Luke -ould see them both clearly, were Kate Leigh an! a dark, hand by side, so ctoej ttiEt thuir gdrnifoi-; touched, and th-ir eyes were fixed o-ion tbe tpta p*ges o ome book or magazine. From their movements and the play of their lips —for no sound reached Lake — be could tell that they were talking ; and Kate seemed to bt quiie at borne with the good-looking and well dressed gentleman who was standing beside her. Ihe man was a perfect stranger to Lnke, who had not the remotest idee of his businese there. Bat one thing concerning him die miner had already divined. The man was in love with Kate ; was a rival of bis own. ; and to jodge from present appearances, the stranger was not an opponent to be despised. These thoughts flashed through his mind in the space of two or three moments ; and as he stood there by the gate of tbe garden, iiresolnte whether to turn homeward or toward the cottage door, he witnessed some* thing tbat added another pang to those h£ already endured. Kate was bent low over the open pages, whilst her companion stood upright by her side. One of tbe girl's long, dark tresses bad escaped from its crioiDing pinn, and seizing it, onobier^ed by Kate, the young fellow toyed with it a momenr, lilted it to his lips, and kissed it lovingly. , pacioQ, and perceiving her vagrant tr^sa in' his bands blasbed furiously. Some words were exchanged, bat Lake could only guess vaguely at their purport ; then he saw his unknown rival, with deft white angers, re confine the glossy lock of hair. the garden, he hurried past the row of cottages, through the fields, over the etfle, into the wagon road, and through the colliery yard, borne w&nl.; F-.r the first time in his life the young pitman was experiencing the extraordinary pains of jealousy. Hot-blooded as he was by nature, the little scene, of which he bad been an unsuspected witness, had aroused within bis breast such fediogs as he had never dri&tnfc;'i bimfitlf capable of hsxboDrins. Aud uhen Luke turned his back upon the white cottage, aM love seemed crushed out of his htart, and bis excited brain was filled with bitter, onuttcred thoughts of Kate Ltigh and the unknown man who, he believed^ hiiA ousted him from her &!T-rCtionc- (To be continued.) 