THE SILVER LINING, \- BOOK III, CHAPTER XIX. It was a murky, foggy niglit ill London; the windows of the bril liantly- lighted shops dripping with moisture allowed little of their cheer ful glow to brighten the hearts of the passers-by, or direct their slippery foo' steps, while the gaslamps at the street comers save forth a blear-eved and dejected twinkle. So thick was the fog that had it not been for the glaring transparency over the entrance of Exeter Hall Dick Ogilvie nbver would have recognised in the crowd pouring itBelf out after the great anatomist's lecture the forth and features of the very man of all others he wished most to meet. Ronald Buchanan's face, under the glaio of a great green letter " Ah,'' looked wan and careworn ; and when Dick, pushing his way violently through the crowd, laid a hand on hit friend's shoulder he could not but feel struck by tho languid, listless greeting which he received. Liuking his arm in that o Buchanan he sa.d, "I'm in lu.-lt dear old boy, in meeting you b\ chanco in this way. I was just abou' to sturt for Scrooby, and you haw saved me a day and some impatience by turning up at the very right moment." Ronald looked surprised. " Y -u were about to start for Scrooby ?" k» asked. "Yes. Haven't you meant all tho i- invitations you have extended i me ?" smilingly asked Dick. "Of couibo, you know that, but" " But what brings me down now F Well, we will just step in here aud have a bit of supper quietly, and then I Blall tell you some news which will gladden your heart, my boy ! Gad/1 can scarcely keep it !'' "You can tell me nothing I care to hear," answered Ronald wearily, sealing himself at a little table, while Dick gave ordors for supper. "We shall see," returned Dick, sententiously. "And now, Ronald," began his friend, as the waiter bustled away, "do you know were Mrs. Fairfax is?" fe Buchanan started, and leaning eagerly forward said in a low voice, " Is it ahont her ? Can you tell me where she is? If so, for God's sabo do not keep me in suspeuse His face grew wild and haggard as he awaited Dick's reply. "I cannot," his friend answered gravely. " Have you been to Prance ? or how did you guess she had left St. Denis?" "Yes. I have just returned from that fool's errand." Ronald spoke bitterly, and Dick sympathised thoroughly with his exasperating dis appointment. "Could you gather no clue from the people in the house of her pro bable destination at present ?" " None; I saw the landlady and all tbe servants about the place. Nobody seemed to know anything, excepting tbe fact that Dora's huBband (the villain !) had tracked her to this place, but fortunately after she had been warned and' fled." " When was this ? I had not heard anything of this , ' cried Ogilvie astonished. "It was the day before I reached St. Denis (that is the day before yes terday), that this man called and demanded to Bee Mrs. Fairfax, but she was then out of bis reach, thank God!" "Yes," said Dick, with an unusual solemnity for him. " She was cer tainly out of his reach then, Rona'.d, for — the man .was dead!" . " What !" exclaimed Ronald, start- ingto 'his feet and almost ovorturuin.E the table in his excitement. " What i dead !" " Yes, dcfid ' He was drowned in his yacht off the Mediterranean coast- more than a week ago. "You have seen it all in the papers, Ronald — the loss of the -In, and its owner's death by drowning." "And is it — can it be?. Is Faucett the name ol! Dora's husband ? " Is it this man? — whom I havo mot in Paris — talked with, shaken by the hand ! — to whom I owe the wreck of my wholo life; the vengennc9 which God has taken out of my hand snow for over! Can it be? Oh, Dick, this 6eems too improbable !" "Truo, nevertheless, dear boy. Come, ait down aud take it quietly. There is something to be done now. We must firid the widow." And now for the first time the joy ful part of this sudden intelligence struck upon Ronald's eomprehonuioni The widow." No more wrong, no more sin in loving her, i.o more flying frora hiin, or a leaking coldly to him. She was his no w — his own for evermore. And Ronald's head bowed down until it rested on his clinched hands, utterly oblivious of Dick's presence, of place, of timo, of everything, euvo the one great-, joyful fact, that Dora was free at Iobc! Dick waited patiently. There wan great depth of tenderness iu his nature — and his sympathy was very perfect. When Ogilvie and Buchanan sepa rated for the few hours which re mained before tho dawn each fell certain in his heart that if Dora lives in thio littlo world still uhe surely wou'd be found, right speedily. Ronald slept during thore preciou. —mi. d ujrawa i ii— i hours as he had not Blopt for months, with Mb head pillowed on the bosom of hope, and the dream-angel whisper ing of joy to come. CHAPTER XX. The next morning Dick and Ronald parted in exuberant spirits ; Ogilvie returning home, and Ronald going on to the parsonage to make a few pre parations for another trip to the con tinent, wMch might possibly be pro longed, and to tell Lydia the news of Faucett's death, and gain her counsel as to his own future movements. A dozen miles to the south of Don- caster, on the Great Northern Rail way line, just at the junction of three counties, and bordering tho fenny districts of Lincolnshire, lies the little village of Scrooby, where Paul Wyngate had established himself and Mb wife in a newly- built parson ige adjoining the ancient stone church, which had stood steadfast there for centuries; Taking no note of the monotonous scenery through which he was whirl ing at the rate of fifty miles an hour, and which hod always reminded him of the fiat and uninteresting country of Holland, Ronald, with hat drawn down over his eyes and with folded arms, leaned back m the cushioned seat of the railway carriage, plunged m profound reflection. When the train stopped for a moment on a wide plain, at a minia ture station-house, with just a sugges tion of a village iu the distance across some ruthy fields, Ronald barely woke up in time to escape being car ried on beyond bis destination. Walking swiftly along the country road bordered with poplars, with head a little more erect than usual, and his clear eyes filled with joyful light, he looked very unlike the pale, haggard, drooping figure who emerged in the foggy night from Exeter Hall only a few hours ago. Such puppets are we all, responding accurately to the slightest wire-pull- irg; brain acting on physique, physique reacting upon brain. For, humiliating aB it seems, not only does the body tremble and bow and sink under the influence of the mind, in abnormal conditions, until we are forced to acknowledge not only that grief sometimes kills (as in the case of LouiB of Holstein, who yielded up the ghost as he knelt by his wife s dead body), or that joy can be equally fatal (as when Ghilo, one of the seven wise men of Greece, died from excecs of happiness in seeing his son gain the victory of . Glympia), but also that the mental powers are' direfully swayed by the amount of phosphorus in the bones, tbe action of the various vital organs, and the ganglionic centres ! Are not the judgment warped, the affections narrowed, the "milk of human kindness" soured, and the charity which cloaks infirmities shrivelled up, when dyspepsia fastens its fangs upon its victim? And how many cases of suicide, when the brain, reeling from its throne, clutches at the mysterious Unknown, have resulted from some cog in the wheel of internal machinery going awry? And although Mod liavo diqd from time to time, and worms havo oaton thorn ; But not ior lovo, — because that malady does not enter in'o the diagnosis — it is not less true that, the mental depression has so sympathetically affected the nervous aud spiritual condition that men have died, and women too, of luve betrayed, dishonored or rejected. What are we, then, but puppets strung on the wires of circumstance, with hope, joy, conscience itself, centred in the spinal cord ? Lydia, clipping the dead leaves from the evergreen hedge inclosing the neat grounds about the parsonage could scarce believe that this was Ronald, who sprang up the Bteps before her with the gay lightness of a boy, call ing out in cheery tones, "Lydia! where are you, Lydia p" "Here 1 am, Ronald. What has happened, dear, since you sent mo that sad note yesterday?" she asked, coming through the window which opened from the study on the lawn. Her brother came quite close to her, and, first stooping to kiss her soft check, he said simply, " Lydia, iny Dora is free : Her husband perished in the wreck of the yacht Io. " " O, Ronald ! May God have mercy on his soul !" She closed her eyes a moment ns though that prayer sprang from her heart. . " Can you guess how happy I a n, -Lydia? I wrote you how she had fled from me ; but nothing ou earth ishalhcome between us now " "Take care, my darling," urged bis sister, " do not speak so positively ; leave everything in the hands of Him who has removed this great obstacle to your happiness and oera. All will be for the beBt in the end." " I muBt go back to France immediately," he answered, only replying by another kiss to her earnest speech. "And, Lydia, should I find Dora ill, or should I want you, will you come to me there ?" " Certainly I will," she answered cheerfully. "And now I must give' you your letters aud papers, which have arrived since you (oft." She ' opened a drawer in the writing-table, and produced a budget of medical, journals and letters, Ronald glanced at them carelessly — his thoughts were straying elsewhere — and mechanically opeued one with whose handwriting he was unfamiliar. He Boon became absorbed in its contents, and his sister stole softly from the room. The letter was dated the previous day, and bore the signature of Sir Philip Str.ndley. October 10. To Ennttld Buchanan, Esq. My Dear Sir, — Yen will pardon my ad dressing you in order to gain information which I havo been assured you will be ablo and willing to furnish — viz , -the picseiit urldrcfia of the lady to whom yon i-IkimkI much Windnem during the lute troubles in I'm is — Ml'B. Dora Fairfax FVnoett. 1) ring 'the part week my ngrai'a ha<re hern employed in Becking her to no avail, and I am now driven to accept the last expedient open to me, and beg your aid, Having ascertained that you were in correspondence with Mrs. Faucett (having obtained your address through tbe con- oierge of your apartments in Paris), I feel encouraged to hope that through your instrumentality I may soon have it in my power to receive the wife of my adopted Bon and heir (had he lived), Mr. Dyke Faucett. To this end I ask your co-operation,, and hoping to hear ftora you hy rouirq t f poet, I remain, sir, Very truly yours, Philip Standlbt, B irt. Ellingham Hall, Kent. TO BH CONTIltUBaJ 