CHAPTER IX. THE COMING OF JASON* Father and son parted at the ship'a aide in silence, with throats too fall to speech. Many email boatB, pulled by men and boye, were lying about the ladder, and there was a good deal of shooting and swearing and noisy laughter there. Some of the boatmen recog nised Michael Snnlooks and bellowed their farewells to him. *'Dy banne Jet oo?" " God bless yon! God bless yon!" they said, and then among themselves they seemed to disonss the reason of his going. " Well, what's it saying!" said one; " the orab that lies always in its hole is never fat." The air had freshened, the swell of the sea had riBen, and a sharp breeze was ooming up from the east. Stephen Orry stepped his mast, hoisted mainsail and mizzen, and stood ont to sea. He had soaroely got clear away when he heard the packet weigh its anohor and beat down behind him. They were making towards the Point of Ayre, and when they oame by the light Stephen Orry slackened off, and watched the ship go by him in the darkness. He felt as If that were the last he was ever to see of his son in this world. And he loved him with all the strength of his great, broken, bleeding heart. At that thonght the ontoast man laid his head in his bands, where he sat cronching at the tiller, and sobbed. There were none to hear him there, he was alone, and the low moan of the sea oame np through the night from where his son was sailing away. How long he sat there he did not know; he was thinking of his past, of bis bad life in Ioeland, and his long expiation in the Isle of Man. In the mnltitnde of his sensations it Boomed impossible to his dazed mind to know which of these two had been the worst, or themostfoolish. Together they had left him a wreck. In the one he had thrown away the wife who loved him, in the other he had given np the son whom he loved. What was left to him? Nothing. He was a waif, despised and downtrodden. He thonght of what might have happened to him if the ohanceB of life had been different, and in that first honr of his last bereavement all the softening inflnenoes of nineteen years, the nplooking and upworking, and the straggle towards atonement, were as mnoh gone from bim as if they had never been. Then he thonght of the money, and told himself that it was .not now that he lost his son for the first time: he had lost him fourteen years ago, when he parted with him to the Gover nor. Sinoe then their relations had been reversed. His little Snnlooks was his little Snnlocks no longer. He felt humiliated, be felt hardened, and by a strange impnlse whereof he understood bnt little, he earsed in hie heart his sufferings more than his sins. They had been useless, they had been wasted, end he had been afoolnot to live for himself. Bnt In that moment, when tho devil seemed to make havoc of good and evil together, God himself was not doing nothing. Stephen Orry was drifting with the tide when all at onoe he beoame conscious of the lapping of the water on the stones near at hand, and of a bright light shed over the sea. Then he saw that he had drifted olose to low ground off the Point of Ayre. He bore hard sport and beat out to sea again, Very soon the white waterway was behind him; nothing was visible save the dark hull of the vessel goingoff towards the north.and nothing andible save the ery of a few gnlls that were fishing by the light of the lamp. It had been the work of three minutes only, but in that time one vivid impression had fixed itself on Stephen's preoccnpied mind. The end of the old sandstone pier had been battered down by a recent storm; the box that onoe held the light had gone down with it, a pole had been thrust out at an angle from the over thrown stones, and from the end of this pole the lamp swung by a rope. Ho idea con nected itself with this impression, whloh lay low down behind other thoughts. The fog had lifted, bnt the night waa still very dark. Hot a star was shining and no moon appeared. Yet Stephen's eye—the eye of a sailor aoonstomed to the darkness of the sea at night—oonld desory something that lay to the north. The Irish paokefe bad dis appeared. Yes, her sails were now gone. Bnt ont at sea—far out, half a league away— what black thing waa there I Oh. it most be a cloud, that was all, and no doubt a storm waa brewing. Yet no, it was looming larger and larger, and ooming nearer and nearer. It was a sail. Stephen oonld see it-plainly enongh now against the leaden sky. It was a schooner; he oonld make ont its two masts, with for and aft sails, and its square yards forward. It waa as Irish eahooner; he oonld recognise Its heavy hull and hollowed cut water. It was taoking against wind and tide from the north-east; it was a Dublin sohooner and was homeward bound from Iceland, having oailed at Whitehaven and being about to put in at Ramsey. Stephen Orry had been in theaotof potting about when this objeot osught his eye, bnt now a strange thing ooonrred. All at once bis late troubles lav baok in his mind, and by a sort of nnoonsclonB meebanioal habit of intelleot he began to pnt familiar Idem together. This sohooner that was ooming from Iceland would be heavy laden; it would have whalebone, and eider-down, and tallow. If it ran ashore and was wrecked some of this oargo might be taken by eomeone and sold for something to a Frenoh smuggler that lay outside oi the Chioken Books. That lamp on the Point of Ayre was the only eea-light on this north ooast of the island, and it hang by a rope from a pole. The land lay low about it, there was not a house on that Bandy headland for miles on miles, and the night waB very dark. All this came up to Stephen Orry'e mind by no effort of will; he looked ont of his dull eyes on the dull stretoh of sea and sky, and the thoughts were there of themselves, What power outside himself was at work with him ? Did anything tell him that this was the great moment of his life—that his destiny hung on it—that the ordeal he had jnst gone through was as nothing to the ordeal that waa yet before him T As he sat in his boat, peering into the darkness at the black shadow on the horizon, did any voice whisper in hie ear;—"Stephen Orry, on the ship that his yonder there is one who hates yon and has aworn to alay yon! He is coming, he is coming, and he is flesh of yooc flesh ? He is your own son, and Rachel's I" Stephen Orry fetohed his boat away to leeward, and in two minutes more the had rnn down the light on the Point of Ayre. The lamp fell into the water, and then all was dark. Stephen 0 rry steered on over the freshening sea, and then slackened off to wait and waton. All this time he had been sitting at the tiller, never having risen from it since be stepped bis mast by the side of the paoket. How ne got on his feet to shorten sail, for the wind was rising and he meant to drift by the mizsen. As he rose something fell with a olank to the boat's bottom from nis lap or his pooket. It was the bag of money, which Miohael Snnlooke had returned to him. Stephen Orry stooped down to pic.k it up; and having it in his hand he dropped baok like a man who had been dealt a blow. Then, indeed, a voioe rang in his ears; he oonld hear it over the wind that was rising, the plash of the white breakers on the beaoh, and the low boom of the deep eea outside. "Remember yonr promise( father. I have bought every hour of yonr life that's left." His heart seemed to stand stilL He looked aronnd in the dull agony of a iear that was new to him, turning his eyes first to the head land that showed faintly against the heavy eky, then to the pier where no light now Bhone, and then to the black olona of sail that grew larger every instant. One minute passed—two—three. Meantime the black olond of sail was drawing closer. There were living men aboard of that ship, and tbey were running on to their death. Yes, they were men, living men—men with wives who loved them, and ohildren who climbed to their knees.^ Bnt perhaps they had Been the light when it went down. Merciful heaven, let be eo—let it be so I The soul of Stephen Orry was awake at leimth. Another minute he waited, another ana another, and the blaok shadow oame yet nearer. At her next tack the ship wonld ran on the Iandt and already Stephen seemed to hear the grating of her keel over the rooks below the beach. He could bear the anspense no longer, and hoisted sail to beat down on the schooner and warn her. But the wind was strong by this time, driving hard off the sea, and the tide ran faster than before. Stephen Orry was now some thirty fathoms space to the north of the broken pier, and at that point the onrrent from aoross Mang hold Head meets the onrrent going across the Moll of Galloway. Labouring in the heavy sea he conld barely fetoh about, bnt when at last he got head ont to sea he began to drive down on the sohooner at a furious speed. He tried to rnn close along by her on the weather side, bnt before he oame within a hundred fathoms he saw that he was in the fnll race of the north current, and strong sea man thongh he was, he oonld not pet near. Then he ehonted, bnt the wind oarried away his voice. He shouted again, bnt the schooner gave no sign. In the darkness the datk vessel scudded past him. He was now like a man possessed. Fetch ing abont he ran in before the windjthinking to pass the sohooner on her taok. He passed her indeed; he waa shot far beyond her, shouting as he went, bnt again his voioe was drowned in the roar of the sea. He was almost atop of the breakers now, yet he fetohed abont onoe more, and shouted again and again and again. Bnt the ahip came on and on, and no one heard the wild voioe, that rang out between the dark eea and eky like the cry of a strong swimmer in his last agony. The schooner was the Peveril, homeward Vtttand from Reykjavik to DubliD, with a j hundred tone ot tallow, fifty bales of eider down, and fifty casks of ooda' and sharks' oil Lcavinz the Icelandic- capital on the morning after Boater Day with a fair wind for the outer Hebrides, she had ran tbrongh the North Channel by the middle of the week,' and pnt into Whitehaven with the English i mails on the Kriday. Next day she had atood i ont over the Irish sea fqr the Iale of Man, intending tolie off at Ramsey for contraband ram. Her skipper and mate were both Englishmen, and her crew were all Irish, exoept two, a Manxman and an Icelander. The Manxman was a grizzled old sea-dog, , who had followed the Manx fisheries twenty' years and smuggling twenty other years, and, then turned seaman before the maBt. His name was Davy Kerraish, and when folks asked if the Methodists 'had got hold of him that he had tnrned honest in his old age, he closed' one rhenmy yellow eye very knowingly, tipped one ebony thumb over hie shoulder to. where the Government ontters lay anohored - ontaide, end said in a touching voioe, " Aw, well, boy,I'm thinking Castle Bsshen isn't no plaoe'fora poor man when he's gittin' any ways onld." Theffoelander was a brawny young fellow of -abont twenty, of great height and big muscles, and with long red hair. He bad shipped at Reykjavik, in the room of an Irishman, who had di6d on the outward trip andbeen bailed at sea off the Engy island He was not a favourite among the crew; be spdke English well, bnt was no good at a yarn in the forecastle; he ,was silent, gloomy not too fond of work, and often the butt of his mates in many a lumbering jest that he did not seem to see. He had signed on the wharf on the morning the schooner sailed, and the only kit he had brought aboard was a rash eage with a canary. He hong the bird in the darkness above his bunk, and it was all bat his -sole companion. Now and again he spoke to old Kerraish, bnt ] hardly ever to the other men. " Ooh, solium and quiet Iek," old Davey would say at the galley fire, " bnt none ao simple at alL Aw no, no, no; and wonder fid onrions about my own bit of an island yander." The Icelander was Jason, son of Raoheland Stephen Orry. There is not a more treacherous obannel around the British Isles than thst which lies between St. Bee'B Head, the Mull of Gallo way and the Point of Ayre, for fonr strong currents meet and 'fight in that neok oi the Irish Sea. With a stiff breeze on the port quarter, the Peveril -bad been driven dne west from Whitehaven on the heavy current from the Solway Frith, until she had met the current from the North Channel, and then sue had taoked down towards the Isle of Mao. It was dark-by that time, and the skipper had leaned over the starboard gang way nntil he had sighted the light on the Point of Ayre. Even then he had been puzzled, for the light was feebler than he remembered it. " Can yon make it ont, Davy 7" he had said to old Kerraish. " Aw. yes, though, and plain as plain," said Davy; mid then the ekipper had gone below. The Manxman had been at the helm, and Jason, who was on the same watch, had sidled np to him at intervals and held a con versation with him in snatches, of which this is the sum and snbstanoe. " Ib it the Isle of Man on the starboard bow, Davy?" " I dam* say no, boy." " Lived there long, Davy 7" " Aw, thirty years afore yon were born, may be." " Ever known any oi my countrymen on the island f" "Just one, boy; j net one." " What wob bei" " A big ohap, six feet eix, if an inch, and ter'ble strong; and afist at him like a sledge: and a rough enough divil, too, and ye darn' spit afore him, but quiet for all—aw, yes, wonderful quiet." " Wbo was be, Davy 7" "A widda man theBe teens of years." " Bnt what was his name 7" "Paul7—not Peter?—no 1 'Chnt, bless ?re, it's olane gone at me; bnt it's one of the ot in the ould Book, anyway." "Was it Stephen'?" " By gough, yes, and a middlin' good guess I too." " Stephen what 7" " Stephen—Bhoo ! it's gone at me again ! I 'What's that they're callin' the ould King '| that's going bnryin' down Laxey way 1 " Orry 7" "Stephen Orry it Ib, for sure. Then it's J like you knew him, boy.?" " No—that is no. no," " No relations 7" " No. Bnt is he still alive 7" "Aw, yes, though. It's unknownced to ] me that he's dead, anyway." " Where is he living now 7" " Down Port Erin way, by the Sound, some place." "Davy, do we pnt into the harbour at I Ramsey 7" "Aw, divil a chance of that, boy, with sperrits oomin' over the side quiet- like in the night, you know, eighteenpence a gallon, and as mnoh as yon can drink for nothtn'." " How far do we lie outside?" " Maybe a bisouit throw or two. We never useder lie farther, boy." "That's nothing, Davy," After that the watch had. been changed, and then a strauge thing had happened. The day had been heavy and oold, with a sky that hung low over the sea, and a mist that rednoed tbe visible globe to a oirole of fifty fathoms wide. As tbe night had closed in the mist bad lifted, and the wind had risen and some sheets of water bad come coming over the weather quarter. The men had been turned ap to stow the yards, and bring the sehooner to the wind, and when they had gone below they had been wet and miserable, chewing doggedly at the tobaooo in their oheeks, ana growling at the darkness of the foreoastle, for the etnsh-lamp had not yet been lighted, And just then, above the mattered curses, the tramping of heavy boots and the swish of oilskins that were being shaken to drain them, there arose the sweet eong of a bird. It was Jason's canary, singing in the dark corner of his bnnk a foot above hie head, for | on coming below the lad bad thrown himself down in bis wet clothes. The growling came to an end, tbe shnfflieg of feet stopped, and the men paused a moment to listen, and then burst into pealB of laughter. But the bird gave no heed either to their silence or their noise, bnt sang on with a full throat. And the men listened, and then laughed again, and then suddenly ceased to laugh. A match was struck and the slush-lamp began to gleam ont over mahogany faoes that looked at each other with eyes of awe. The men shook out their coats and hung them over the stanchions. Still the bird sang on. It J was uncanny, this strange 8 nging in the darkness. The men oharged their onddies, fired up, and aronphed together as they smoked. Still the bird sang on, ' "Ooh, it's the divil in the oraythur," said one; yon go bail there's a'storm bxevria'. Its just onld Harry hluclf rej'ioiBg." *?y St. Patrick, FU screw the neck of Dim, said another. ***" 8«d old Davy; "it's 1 tbelade. . " The ladbe"—-Bfttd the other, and up he jumped. JftBon saw the old men ooming to wards hisbnnfc, and laid hold of the wrtBt of the arm that he etretohed over it. "Stopthat," said Jason; bat the lad was on-hie back, and and in an instant the man had thrown hu body on the top of him, leaned over him and wrenohed open the door of the cage. The song stopped; there was a 8 jit108*®0* wings, a Blight chirp-chirp, and <hen a moment's silence, followed by the 555? 8 Hght lan8h aB he drew back with the little yellow bird dangling by the neok from hie black thumb and forefinger. Jwt before the great hulking fellow had twisted abont to where his mates eat and smoked under the lamp, Jason had leaped from his bunk, stack his fist into the ruffian's throat and pinned him against a beam. . 'yon," he oried, thrusting his faoe 'into the man's face; " shall I kill yon after it ?" " tlelp! My God, help 1" the men gargled oat, with Jason's knuckles ground hard into his windpipe. The others were in no harry to interfere, bat tbey shambled np at length, and amid shonts and growls of " Let go," " Let go the honlt," and " God's sake, slack the grip," the two were parted. Then the man who had killed the bird went off, puffing and ouruing between his chattering teeth, and his mates began tolangh at the big words that came from hie weak stomach, while old Davy Kerruish went over to Jasun to comfort him. " Sarve him right, the craythur," said Davy. " He's half dead, bnt that's just half too mnch life in hun yet, thongh. It's what I ve tonld them times on times. "Lave him alone,' says I; " the lad's quiet, bat he'll be ooorse enough if he's bothered." And my gongb, boy, what a faoe at ye yander, when yon were twissin the handkerchief at him! Aw, thinks L he s the apittin piosher of the big wldda man Orra—Stephen Orry—brim stone and vinegar and gunpowder, atop oi a slow fire." And it was jnst at that moment. aB old Davy was laughing through his yellow eyes and broken teeth at voting Jason, and the other men were laughing at Jason's adver sary, and the dim forecastle under its splat tering slush lamp echoed and rang with the uproar, that awlldvoioe came down from the deok—"Below there! All hands nu! Breakers ahead 1" Now the moment when the watch had been changed had been the very moment when Stephen Orry bad ran down the lamp, so that neither by the Manxman who gave up the 5? ?or. *he Irishman who took it had the light been missed when it fell into the sea. And the moment when Stephen Orry snonted to the sohooner to warn It had been the moment when the muffled peals of langhter at the bird's strange song hod come np from the watoh below in the foreoastle. J. he wind had whiBtled among the sheets, and the flying spray fasd smitten the men's faces, hot thongh the mitt had lifted the sky had still hnng low and dark, showing neither moon nor stars, norany hint of the land that lay ahead. But straight for the land the vessel had been driving in the darkness, under the power of wind and tide. After a time the helmsman had sighted a solitary hght close in on the leelbow. "Point of Ayre, he tbonght, and luffed off a little, in tending to beat down the middle of the bay. It had been the light cn the jetty at Ramsey; and the little town behind it, with its book to the sea, lay dark and asleep, for the night was then well worn towards midnight After that the helmsman has sighted two stronger lights beyond. " Ramsey," he thought, and pat his helm aport. Bnt suddenly the man oa the look out had ahouted, "Breakers ahead, and the cry had been sent down the foreo&Btle.; IfiM instant all hands were on deok, amid the distraotion and nproar, the shouting and blind groping of the otuel darkness. Against the dark sky the yet darker land coald now be plainly seen, and a strong tide was driving the vessel on to it. The helm was put hard to starboard, and the sohooner's head began to pay off towards the wind. Then all at once it was seen that right under the ves sel s bow Borne black thing lay justabove the level of the sea, with a fringe of white foam around it. "Davy, what do you make of it?" shouted the skipper. "Lord-a-massy, it's the Cariok," eoreamed Davy, "Let go the anchor," roared the skipper. Bnt it was too Tate for even that last retuge. At the next moment the eohooner struck heavily; she wason the reef in Ramsey Bay, and pitching miserably with every heave ot the sea. ' The two bright lights that led the vessel to her rum came from the two little bays that liemnder Mangbold Head. The light in Port s-VuHin was in the hut of Stephen Orry, who had lit hia lamp and plaoed it in the window when he went oat to bid farewell to Minhaal pnnlockB, thinking no evil thereby to any man bnt only that it would guide him borne again when he should return in the boat. The S? * 1?JPolt Lague was irom the oottage of three old net weavers who had lived there without woman or girl, or obiok or ebild. through more than forty years. Two of three were brothers, DaDny and Jemmy Kewley, both over seventy years old, and their house mate, who was ninety, and had been a com panion of their father, was known as Juan MacLady. Danny and Jemmy still worked KL- year in year out, every working hour of the day and night, and Juan, long past other labour, oooked and sewed anc oleaned for them. AH three had grown dim of eight, and now groped abont like three old J?rihworms. Every year for five years past "iff?®,1!8n ??tr» oaDd,B work by, so that eight tallow dips, made in their own hon mould, swung from the open roof rafters over the meshes on that night when the Peveril struck on the Cariek, It was supper-time, thongh old Danny and old Jemmy were still at the looms. Old Jnan ab°wl of potatoes, filled the Kriih them, hong them on theohimney Kn M !lIrred- P®at»- Then to make them boil the quioker he had gone out with the tongs to the side of the hones for eome dry gorae from the gone heap. While there h'Njh the darknesB of the £a? foT 'he iMjht on the Point of Ayro, and said .!H1S 1 » 61111 on Being back he had \- '!!*'« ont 6BainT-,„ That'« the third time toppenyet?" E° baU 80m«thing will f.®® ^ BJt no answer, and sat down on the feed the fire with gone !'f"d the tongs. When the potatoes 5ad boiled he carried them to the door to drain them, and then vith had Cv£k'0l^k Ef thi? 1®vet® behind him. he had thought he heard, over the deep boom and plash of the eea in front, a voice lie a cry. Going indoors hT hid slid water-bailiff and oommis! eioners and kavs and oounoils, J'H there a smuggling going on under their to hail very | nosss. I'd have the law on the lot of them, an I would." Old Danny and old Jemmy kne w the temper of their housemate—that he was never happy eave when he had somebody to higgle with— so they paid no heed to his mattering!. Bat when Juan, having set the potatoeatoateam with a rag spread over them, went ont for the salt herrings, to where they hong to dry on a stick against the sonny side of the poroh, he was rare that above the oliok of the levers, the boom andplashof the'seaandthewhistleof the wind, he conld hear a clamourous shout of many voices, like a wild ory of distress. Then he hobbled back with a wizzened face of j deadly pallor and told what he had heard, and the shuttles were stopped, and there was silence in the little house. " It went by me same as the wind," said old Jnan. "Maybe it was the nightman," said old Danny. At that old Jemmy nodded his head very I gravely, and old Jnan held on to the lever handles; and through those preoions minutes when the crew of the sohooner were fighting in the grip of death in the darkness, these j three old men, their nearest fellow creatures, 1 half deadt half blind, were held in the grip of superstitions fears. " There again," cried old Jnan; and through the door that he had left open the cry came in above roar of wind and sea." " It's men that's yander," said old Jemmy. " Ay," said old Danny. " Maybe it's a ship on the Carick," said old Juan. "Let's away and look," said old Jemmy. And then the three helpless old men, trem bling and affrighted, straining their dim eyes to see and their deaf ears to hear, and clinging to eaoh others' hands like little ohildren, groped their elow way to the beaoh, Down there the ories were louder than they had been onthebrows above. " Meroy me, let's away to Lagne for the boys," said old Jnan ; and leaving behind them the voieeB that cried for help, the old I men trudged and stumbled through the dark lanes. lagne was asleep, but the old man knooked, and the windows were opened and night capped heads thrust through. Very soon the honse and oourtyard eohoed with many footsteps, and the bell over the poroh rang out through the night to call up the neigh bours far and near. Boss and Stean and Thurston were the first to reach the shore, and there they found the orew of the Perevil landed—every man safe and sound, but drenching wet with the water he had passed through to save his life. The sohooner was still on the Csrick, mnoh in jured already, plunging with every hurling sea on to the sharp teeth of the shoal beneath her, and going to pieces fast. And now that help seemed to be no more needed the people oame flocking down in orowds—the Fairbio there, with Greeba, and all their men and maids, Bane Wade the Methodist, with Chaise A'Killey, who had been sleeping the night at his house. Nary Crowe, and Matt Mylchreest and old Coobragh. And while Davy Kerrnish shook the salt water from his sou'wester, and growled out to them with an oath that they had been a plaguey long time coming, and the ekipper bemoaned the loss of hiB ship, and the men of their kite, Chaise was down on hie knees on the beaoh, lifting up his crazy, cracked voice in load thanks giving. At that the growling ended, and then ABher Fairbrother, who had been the last to come, invited the ehipbroken men to Lagne, and all together they tnrned to follow him. Jn8t at that moment a ory was heard above the tnmnlt of the eea. It was a wild ehriek that seemed to echo in the lowering dome of the aky. Oreeba was the first to hear it. " There is some one left on the ship!" she cried. The men stopped and looked into each othera' faoeB one by one. "No,"said the skipper, "we're all here." The ory was heard onee more; it was a voice of fearful agony. "That's from Port-y-Vulliu," said Asher Fairbrother; and to Port-y-vullin they all hastened off, following the way of the beaob. There it was easy to see from whence the cries had come. An open fishing hoat was labonring in the heavy sea, her stem half prancing like an nnbroken horse, and her iorepart jammed between two hornB of the rock that forks out into the sea from Maug hold Head, She had olearly been making for the little bay, when she had fallen foul of the shoal that lieB to the north of it. Dark as the night was, the sea and sky were lighter than the black headland, and the figure of a man in the boat oonld he seen very plainly. He wae trying to unship the mast, that he might lighten the little craft, and ease her off the horns that held her like a viae, hut every fieshwavedrove her head deeper into the cieft, and at each vain effort he shouted again and again in rage and fear. A boat was lying high and dry on the shore. Two ot the Fairbrother*, Stean and Thurston, ran it into the water, jumped into it, and i poshed off. Bat the tide was still making, the eea was tanning high, a low ground swell was soooping up the shlDgle and flinging it through the air Dke sleet, and in an instant the boat was cast baok on the shore. "No nse, man," shouted many voices. Bat Oreeba eried " Help, help, help 1" She seemed .to be beside hereelf with enepense. Some vagne fear, beyond the thought of a I man's life in peril, seemed so possess her, 1 Did she know what it was! She did not. She dared not fix her mind upon it. She was afraid of her own fear. Bat low down within her, and ready at any moment to leap to her throat, waB the dim ghost of a dread that he who was in the boat, and in danger of his life on the rook, might be very near and dear to her. With her hood fallen baok from her head to her ehonlders she ran to and fro among the men on the beaoh crying, "He will be lost. Will no one save him ?" Bat the other women clung to the men, and the men shook their heade and anawered "He's past saving," and " We've got wives ! and ohilders lookin* to us, miss—and what's ! the nee of throwing your life away ?" Still the girl oiled " Help." and then a yonng fellow pushed through to where she stood, and said " He's too near for ua to stand here and see him die." " Ob, God hlees and keep yon for ever and ever," cried Greeba; and, lifted completely ontof allself-oontrol, sfaethrewherarmsabont the yonng man, and kiased him fervently on the oheek. It wae Jason. He had found a rope and coiled one end of it about hie waist, end held the other end in hiB hand. The touch of Greeba's quivering lips had been as fire him, " Lay hold," he cried, and threw the loose end of the rope to Thnrstan Fair brother. At the next moment be waB breast high in the sea. The man mnet have seen him coming, for the load clamour ceased. " Brave lad!" said Greeba in a deep whis per. "Brave, is it ? It's mad, I'm calling it," said old Davy. " Who is it," said the skipper. "The yonng Icelander," said Davy. 'Not the lad Jason ?" . Aw, yes though—Jason—the gawk, as I they're laying. Poor lad, (Aire's a heart at him." The people held their breath. Greeba covered her eyee with herhande, and felt an impulse to scream. Wading with strong strides and swimming with yet stronger strokes, Jason reached the boat. A few minutes afterwards he was back on the shore, dragging the man after him. The man lay insensible in Jason's arms, bleeding from a wound in the head. Greeba stooped quickly to peer into his face in the darkness, and then rose up and turned away with a sigh that was like a sigh of relief. " He's done for," said Jason, patting him down. " Who Is he," cried a soore of voices. "God knows—fetch a lantern," said Jason. " See,there's alight in old Orry's hut yonder. Let's away there with him. It will be the nearest plaoe," said Kane Wade. Then shoulder high they raised the insen sible man and carried him to Stephen Orry's hut. " What a weight hB is!" said Kane Wade. "Siip along, somebody, and get the door opened." Chaise A'Kalley ran on ahead, "Where's Stephen to-night that he's not out with us at work same aB this T" said Matt Mylchreest. " He's been down here all week," puffed Nary Crowe. In another minute Chaise was knocking at the door, and calling londly as he knocked. " Stephen 1 Stephen 1 Stephen Orry 1" There came no answer, and he knoeked again and called yet louder. " Stephen, let us in. There's a man here dying," But no one Btirred within the house— " He's asleep," said one. " Stephen—Stephen Orry—Stephen Crry— wake up, man—can't you hear ns! Have you no bowels, that you'd keep the man out?" " He's not at home—foroe the door," Kane Wade shouted. One blow was enough. The door was fas tened only by a hemp rope wound around a hasp on the outside, ana it fell open with a crash. Then the men with the burden stag gered into the bouse. They laid the insen sible man on the floor, and there the light of the lamp that burned in the window fell upon bis faoe, " Lord-a-masBy," they cried;" it's Stephen Orry hisself." 