THE FROZEN- PIRATE: of bat BY W. CLARKE RUSSELL, C Author of. ' The Wreck" of the Gvvrenor, ' The Lady anud,' ' A -Sailor's Sweet heart,' Etc. "co brc Carra XVIIL---(Corrnv .) T It naturally rendered me very melancholy thi to reflect that I had restored this old villain my to life, and I protest it was a continuous bel shock to such religious feelings as I had bel managed to preserve to reflect that what its had been as good as nearly half'a century of but death had - done nothing for this elderly son rogue's morals. It entered my head once to wi bilieve that if I could succeed in getting him fro to believe he had lain frozen for forty-eight can years he might be seized with a fright (for I he was a white-livered creature), and hal some directions mend, and so come to a sense FrP of the service I had done him, of which he dec appeared wholly insensible, and "lqualifyme hai torid my mind of the fears which I enter- ing tained concernulg our association, should an we smanage to escapo with the treasures --I I aid to him blmtly--rnot dpropoe (to use his the own lingo) of anytldng we were talking sea about: stnr ' 'Tis odd, Mr. Tassard, you should doubt the my assurance that this is the year eighteen she hundred and one.' He stared, grinned, and said, 'Do you of ,think so ?' ' Well,' said I, ' perhaps it is not so odd rop after all; but you should suffer me to have froi as good an idea of the passage of time as hbi yourself. You cannot tell mc how long your spl stupor lasted.' sur ' Two days if ou like ' he interrupted pol vehemently. fWhy more V Why longer bpi than a day,? How do you know that I had on sunk into the condition in which you found rig me longer than an hour or two when you the landed ! How do you know, hey How do vou' know ?' and he snapped his fingers. th KI know by the date you name and by cat the year that this is,' said I defiantly. He uttered a coarse French expression, sti and added, ' You want to prove that I have rai been insensible for forty-eight years.' ' It is the' fact,' said I. dn He looked so wild and fierce that I drew ap; myself erect ready for him if he should fall o upon me. Then, slowly wagging his head br whilst the anger in his face softened out, he of 1 said, '-Who reigns in France now?' stn I said, 'There is' no king ; he was be- oo headed. pr" ' r hat was his name ?' said he. ' Louiisthe Sixteenth,' I answered. hei ' Ha !' cried he, with an. arch sneer ; m , Louis the Sixteenth, hey ? Are you sure fro it wasn't Louis the Seventeenth ' boa ' He is dead, too.' ice ' This is news, Mr. Rodney,' saidhe scorn- ras Wfu hilst you have been here,' said I, se ' many mighty changes have happened. len France has produced as great a'general and as dangerous a villain as the world ever al beheld; his name is Buonaparte.' pr He shrugged his shoulders with an 'air of un mocking pity. m ' Who is your king ?' he asked. an ' George the Third,' said I; ' God bless him I' ' So-George and Louis-Louis and in; George. I see how it is. Stick to your a dates, sir. But, my friend, never set up as a schoolmaster.' - This sally seemed to delight him, and he tit burst into a loud laugh. de 'Eighteen hundred and one!' he cried. 'I ' A man I knew once lost ten thousand livres a at a coup. What doyou think happened I They af settled in him here;'.he patted his belly : ' he went about bragging>to everybody that he a was made of money,. d was nicknamed in the walking bourse. L day he'asked a w friend to 'dine with hisn; whep the bill or was proeated' he felt his pdkets, and or eclasmed, " I left puise at home. c. No matter, there is plenty her;" with bh which he seized a tm e and ripped him- b self open. Eighte hundred and 9pe d'4ve s call t ? Soit. But let it be your secret, my w friend. T?ie world will not love you for making it fifty years older than it is.' c It was ridiculous to attempt to combat a such obstinacy as this, and as the subject st produced nothing but excitement and irrita- I tion, I dropped it and meddled with it no be more, leaving him to his conviction that I at was cracked in this one particular. In fact, pi it 'was a nmatter of no conselquence at all; so what came very much closer home was the fo business of our deliverance, and over this th we .talked long and" very earnestly, for he hi forgot to be mean and fierce and boastful, hii and I to dis.ike and fear hlm, when we spoke hi of getting away with our treasure, and re= turning to our native home. is For hour after hour would we go on plot- tl ting and planning and scheming, stepping o0 about the cook-house in our earnestness, and g entirely engrossed with the topic. His con- li tention was that if we were to save the money It and plate, we must save the schooner. o. ' Unless we build a vessel,' said I. cl ' Out of what ' ' Out of this schooner.' ti Are you a carpenter?' saidli he. I ' No,' I replied. t ' Neither am I,' said he. ' It's pos- t sible we might contrive such a struc tur~ . - .. .?T wo.u enaoe us 'o saveBa -ur lives ; but we have not the skill to produce e a vessel big enough to contain those chests as o well as ourselves, and the stores. we should i require to take. Besides, do you know there ii is no labour more fatiguing than knocking I such a cmft as this to pieces!' t This I very well believe, and it was truer e of inch a vessel as the Boca del Dragon that t was a perfect bed of timber, and, like the I Laughing Mary, built as if she was to keep t the seas for three hundred years. ' And supposing' said lie, alter ionlefni toil we sti?':celd in breaking up as much of. her as we wated, wlhat appliances have we iorre-shaping the curved timbers? and where are we to lay the keel ? Labour as we might, the cold would prove too much for us. No, Mr. Rod3ney, to save the treasure, ay, and to save ourselves, we must save the ship. Let us put our minds to that.' In this way we would' reason, and I con fees he talked very sensibly, taking very practical viewsf and indicating difficulties which my in?ic ardent and igi ative snature might have been- blintod to till they immovably confronted me, and rendered days ofl bour useless. But how was the ship to be saved? Was it possible to force Naturoe's hand; in other words, to anuticipate our releaseaby the dissolution of the ice . We were both agreed thlt this was the winter season in these seals, though he instantly grew sulky if I mentioned the month, for he was .as certadn I was as mad in this as in the year, and he would eye me very malignantly if I persisted in chiing it July. But, as I have said, -ve were both agreed that the summer was to come, and though we could not swear that, the ico was floating northwards, we hisd. a right to believe so, in spite of the fieconess of the cold, this being the trick of alUthese frozea estates when they fetch 'to the heights under which we lay; and we would ask each other whether we should let our hands and minds rest idle and waittonsee what the summer would do for-us, or essay to launch the schooner. ' If, said he, ' we wait for thie ice to break up it may break us up.too.' 'Yes,' said I ; 'but- how are we to cut the vessel out of the ice in which she is seated to above the. garboard streak ? Waiting 'is odiouns and intolerable work; but my own convictioen is, nothing is to be done till:the sun comes this way, and th'.ice crumbles into bergs. The island is leangues log, and vanishes in the south; but it is wasting fast inthe north, and when this gale is done I shall expect to see twenty bergs where it was before all compact.' As you may guese, our long conversa tiois left us without plans, bitter as was our need, and vigourous as were our efforts n),to strike upon sonme likely schame. How ever, if they achieved no more, they served to beguile.the 'time.. and what was better yet, they took my companion's mind off hi'niuseous and revolting reeollee %tiens, somteat it was only now and again, when hei had drained a'full bowl; andhis little ees iansoed in their thiekl-shagged avres, theat realed me with his memories -Pbhished? speoalrrf?ge~ i authaa of murder, rapine, plank-walking, hanging, er treacheries of all kinds, anid cruelties too -take barbarous for belief. out CeaPrEn XIX.- W TnE A VEW OF THE ce, Ice. the For seven days the gale raged with un- Car common violeice ; it then broke, and this rent brought us into the first week of August. tlod The wind fell in the night, and I was inge awakened by the silence, which you will not too think strange if you consider how used were it w my ears to the fierce seething and strong B bellowing of the blast. I lay listening, and believing that it had only veered, and that tlli it would come on again in gusts and guns; here but the stillness continued, and there was no top. sound whatever saving the noises of the ice, pect which broke upon the air like slow answers for 1 from batteries near and distant, half whose cannpns have been silenced. I slept again, and when I awoke it was poso half-past nine o'clock in the morning. The I Frenchman was snoring lustily. I went on said deck before entering the cook-house, and two had like to have been blinded by'the astonish- bai, ing brilliance of the sunshine upon the ice take a snow. All the wind, was gone. The sma air was exqnuisitely' frosty and ih rp.. But there was a heavy sound coming from the an sea which gave mne to expct the sight of a gatl strong swell. The o"r weas a clear blue, and tot there was no cloud on as much of its face as vhii showed betwixt thle brows of the slopes. be t ..The schooner was a most wonderful piCture of drooping icicles. A .more beautiful and toile radianttsightyou could nloifijgure. Fromevery the rope, from the yards forward, from the rails, dit from whatever water could run in a stream, man hung glorious ice-poendants of prismatic wer splendour. No snow had fallen to frost the surfaces, and every pendant was as pure and an polished as cut-glass and reflected a hundred witl brilliant'colours. The -water hurled over and tols on the schooner had frozen upon the masts, bhoi rigging, and decks, and as this ice, like the T the pendants, was verysparklingly bright, it cros gave back all the hues of the sunbeam, so rolli that, stepping from the darkness of the cho cabin into this effulgent scene, you might I easily havepersuaded yourself that before you the stood the fabric of a ship fashioned out of a rainbow. upi Myattention, however, was quickly with- frog drawn from this shining spectacle by the appearance bf the starboard cliff over against ? our qurater. The whole shoulder of it had skul broken away, and -I could just catch a view the of the horizon of the sea from the deck by .,,t stretching my figure. The sight of the Hr ocean showed me that the breakage had been who prodigious, for to hlave come to that prospect A before, I shosld lave had to climb totle lowe height of the main lower masthead. No other He marked or noteworthy change did I detect from the deck; but on stepping to the lar- go board side to peer over I spied a split in the ful ice that reached from the very margin of the as ravine, I mean to that end of it where it feet terminated in a cliff, to pass the bows of the the schooner by at least four times her own in f length. ac I returned to thie cook-room and went about theold businessof lighting the fire and esa preparing the breakfast-this job, by an u understanding between the Frenchman and bul me, falling to him who was.first out of bed- thel and in about twenty minutes Tassard arrived. wld 'The wind is gone,' said he. the ' Yes,' I replied, ' itis a bright, still morn ing. I have been on deck. There has been I c a great fall of ice close to.' clir ' Does it block us ' dis ' No, on the contrary, it clears the way to a v tile sea ; the ocean is now visi-le from the wa deck. Not that it mends our case,' I added. wo ' But thereis a great rent in the ice that puts sea a fancy into my head ; I'll speak-of it later the after a closer look.' r The breakfast was ready, and we fell to in a hurry, the Frenchman gobbling like i hog sw in his eagerness to make an end. hen we th were finishoed he wrapped himself up in thbeeW or four coats and cloaks, warming the under ones before foleinr them about him. ad,6 . comperting his prepartios for thes exseuirn cn by swallowing half a int of raw brandy. I fee bade him arm himself with a short-headed H spear to save his neck ; and thus equipped ewo an on dck. trc He stood stock-still with his eyes shut oil emerging through the haetch, crying out with a nmnber of Fredch oaths that he had been struck blind. This I did not believe, though I re:idily upposel that the glare madehis eye- to balls smart so as to cause him a good deal of she agony. Inde, -all along I had been sur- vit prised that he should have, found his sight h so easily after having sat in blindness for ha forty-eight years, and it was not wonderful 'T that the amazing brilliance on deck, smiting no his sight on a sudden, should have caused die him to cry out as if he had lost the use of his eyes for ever. I waited patiently, and in about ten he minutes he was able to look about him, and le then it was not long before he could see with out pain. He stood a minute gazing at the I glories upon the rigging, and in that piercing light I noticed the eunwholesoeme colour of be his face. His cap lhid the scar, and nothing to of his countenance was to be seen but the cheeks, eyes, and nose; he was much more de wrinkled than I hadsupposed, and methought fu the spirit of cruelty lay visible in every line. I had never seen eyes so full of cunning and or treachery--so expressive, I should say, of lie \- these qualities, yet they were no bigger than mere eunctures, I was- ensiblotf a ? omen trys fair or the nuii-nuot, let ome f3y, cid e emotion of cowardice, but a sort of mixture ti s of alarm and awe, such as a ghost might I inspire. This I put down to the searching e light in which I watched him for a P' mg oment or two, an irradiation subtle enoug's l to give the sharpest form to expression, to r exquisitely define every meaning that was dis .t tinguishable in his graveyard physiognomy. 1e e I left him to stare and judge for hlimself of " p the posture in which the long hard gale had i put the slchooner, andstepped over to the two bodies. They were- shroudedin ice from head t to foot, as though they had each man been sc e packed in a glass case cunningly wronght to e theirshapes. Their faces were hidden by the crystal masks. Tasud joined me. h h' Small chance for your friends now,' said e I," even if you were agreeable to my propo Ssal to attemptto revive them.' a So !' cried he, touching the body of the mat with his foot; ' and this is the end of the irresistible Trentanuove ! for what con- b Squests has Death robbed him so bravely? S ee, the colours shine in him like fifty kinds of ribbands. Poor fellow ! he could not curl a y his moustachios now, though the loveliest s Seses in Europe were fixed in passionate Sadmiration on him. He'll neverslit another Sthroat, nor hiccup Petrarch over a goblet nor Sremonbustrate with me on my humanity. Pc Shall we toss the bodies over the side ?' t 'They are-your friends,' said I; 'do as ly you please.' ' But we must empty their kets first. SBusiness before-seutiment, Mr. t?dney.' He stirred the figure again with his foot. S'Well, presently,' aid he, 'this armolur Swill want tile hatchet. Now, my friend, to e view the work of the gale.' SThe increased heel of the ship brought the i larboard fore-channel low, and we stepped without difliculty from it on the ice. The rent or fissure that I have before spoken of Swent very deep; it was nearly two feet wide Sin pleees, but, though the light poured d brillhfntly uponit, I could see no bottom. " If o`ly such another split as this would h hap1hen t'other side,' said the Frenchman, i ' I believe this block would go adrift.' ' Well,' said I, after musing a little whilst he I ran my eye overthe hollows, 'I'll tell you to what was in my mind just now. There isa is great quntity of gunpowder in the hold; Sten or a dozen barrels. By dropping largo le parcels of it into the crevices on the right les there, and firing it with slow-matches--' ud Ho inteirurpted me with a cry: ' By St. ast Paul, you have it i What crevices have eI you ?' - rasWe ~Walkod briskly round the ?vesstl, and all about her beam and starboard quarter I 5- foeund, in addition -to the seamsa I had b~fore ras noticed, many great cracks "and fissures, rts caused no doubt by the fall of the shoulder of -the slope. I pusherd on further yet, goi red down the ravine, as I hare called it, until oter I came tothe edge; and here I looked down ind from a height of some twelve or fourteena Lec- foet-o greatly had the ice suit or been in, chaied by the weather--upon the ocean. I Isis wlled to Tossard. le apptaeed warily. I e believed he feared I might be ecapted to give riesm a cfriendly sheare over the. edSe. S-' havo tae hollw' said I; 'the .pli there goes down to the water, and -duuay. take it that thhblock is wholly disconndfled on-that'side.x Now look at the face of the I ice,' said I, pointing to. the starboard or jun right-hand side ' that crack goes as far as (o'a the vessel's quarter, and tlih weakness is hea carried on to past the bows by the other ace rents. Mr. Tassard, if we could burst this had body of ice by an expgrion from its moor- sup ings ahead of the bowsprit, where" it' is all stri too compact, this cradle with the schooner in bra it will go free of the parent body.' fits He answered promptly, ' Yes; it is the.Qne hut and only plan. That crack to starboad is like ho telling us what to do. It is well you came the here. We should not have seen it from the anc top. This valley runs steep. You must ex- pil pect no more than the surface to be liberated, uen for the foot'of the cliff will go deep.' to 'I desire no more.' car ' Will the ship stand such a launch, sup- int posing we bring it abouit?' said he. out I respondltwithone of hisown shrugs, and qut said, " Nothing is certain. We have one of Ini two courses to choose-to venture this mc launch, or stay till the ice breaks up, and eve take our chance of floating or of being moe mashed.'- -il ' You are right,' he exclaimed' - i?re is a an opportunity. If we wait bergs may to gather about this point and build us in. As afi to this island dissolving, we are yet to know "which way 'tis heading. Suppose it should viii he travelling south, hey !' for He struck the ice with his spear, and we out toiled up the slippery rocks with difficulty to got the ship. Wec walked past the bows to the oil distance of the vessel's length. Here were off many deep holes and cracks, and as if we ash were to be taught how these came sue about, even whilst we were viewing them, wet an car-splitting crash of noise happened Thi within twenty fathoms of us, a rock many the tons iniveight olledover,andleft a black gulf litti behind it.. had The Frenchman started, muttered, and I crossed himself. 'Holy Virgin!' he cried, me rolling his eyes. 'Lat us return to the up, schooner. We shall be swallowed up here.' me I own I w-as not a little terrified myself by the the sudden loud blast and the thunder of the chii uprooted rock, and the sight of the huge" hiu blhck rent; but I meant to view the scene Ak from the top, and to consider how best to dis- dar pose of the powder in the cracks, and said, to t There is nothing to be done on board; gro skulking below will not deliver us or preserve likt the treasure. Here are- several fissures big wit -enough to receive barrels of gunpower. See, Mr. Tassard, as they stand they cover the wi whole width of the hollow.' . cov And I proceeded to give him my ideas as to sp lowering, fixi"lg the barrels, and the like. it He nodeled his head, and said, ' Yes, very int good; yes, it will do,' and so on; but was as too scared in his heart, I believe, to see my out full meaning. He was perpetually moving, hl as if he feared the ice would split under his It feet, and his eyes travelled over the face of chi the rocks with every manifestation of alarm boi in their expression. I wondered how so poor vin a creature should ever have had stomach yel enough to serve as a pirate; no doubt his a, spirit had been enfeebled by his long slceep; sli but then it is also true that the groatest had bullies and most bloodthirsty rogues prove themselves despicable curs under conditions on which make no demand upon their temper or foi their lust for plunder. for He would have returned to the ship had ha I encouraged him, but on seeing me start to It climb to the brow he followed. The prospect th disappointed me. I had expected to witness as a variety of surprising changes, but south- ac ward the scene was scarce altered. It was a it wonderfully fair morning, the sky clear from i sea-line to sea-line, anl of a very soft blue, bi the ocean of alike hue, with a high swell running, that was a majestic undulation even from.the height at which I surveyed it. The sun stood over the ice in the north-cast, and t the dazzlc kept me weeping, so intolerable cx was the effulgence. Half of the delicate h architecture that had enriched the slopes and b ,..f-t?,. hat way was swept .tow, P.. to zao lay piled in places to an eleration of many feet, where before it had be~n fljt pr I901, h However, there, ias no question but that the m -gal halt played havoc with the north ex- , tremity of the island. I counted un less than n £,uitv bergs floating of the main, and it?wIs quite -likely the ea WIrh Orde'wel beyond, ni though my sight could not travel so far. it However, when I came to look close, and to recollect the features of the shore as they c, showed when I first landed, I found some v vital changes near at hand. Where my haven a, had been the ice had given way and left a gap ex half a mile broad and a hundred feet deep, ci The fall on the schooner's starboard quarter tI was very heavy, and the ice w-as split in all w directions; and in parts was so loose that a c point of cliff hard upon the sea rocked with the swell. When Tassard came to a stand l he looked about him north and south, shading h his eyes with his hand, and then swearing , very savagely in French, he cried out in ft English, freely employing oaths as he spoke- a ' Why, here's as much ice as there was before 1 fell asleep ! See yonder!' pointing tl to the south. ' It dies out in the distance. b If it does not join the pole there, may the devil rise before ne as I speak. Thunder and fury ! I had hoped to see it shrivellced to an a oxrdinary bhrg !' 'What! ia in a weel?' cried I, as if I be lievcs lxise 1 ,ruT had not lasted longer, p ]Ie 'etxntel ico ilsyrnwer,r; and galed about him full of cu-tLrnation and pand On. ' And are we to wait for our dtChiy~Taq9 till this continent breaks up!' he nasiwled. ' The day of judlgment will be a thing of the past by that time. Travelling north ! 'sdeath!' he roared, his mouth full of the.x pletives of his day, French and English. SWho but a madman could suppose that this ice is not as fixed as the antarctic circle to which rs i moored Why, six months ago it cwas no bigger than it is dow !' And he sent 1 a furious, terrified gaze into the white soli tudes vanishing in azure faintness in the south-west. It was not a thing to reason upon. I was as much disappointed as hlie by tritfing changes the gale had made, and my heart felt very I heavy at the sight of the great field .disap pearing in the south. The bergs in the north signified little. It is true they indi cated demolition, but demolition so flow as tobe worthless to us. It was not to be ques tioned that the island was proceeding north, but at what rate ? Here, perhaps, mightbe a frozen crescent of forty or fifty leagues; and at what speed, appreciable enough to be of the least consequence to our calculations, should such abodv travel? . I looked at the Frenchman. ' This nmst decide us!' said I. ' We must r fix on one of two co??-rses-endeavour to Slaunch the ship by blowiing up the ice, or turn to and rig up the best arriangment we can contrive and put to sea.' ' Yes,' he answered, scowling as he darted his enraged eyes over the ice. _ Better set a slow-xoateh in the magazine and drink our selves senseless, and so blow ourselves to Shell, than linger here in the hope thatthis continent will dissolve and release us. Where's M3endoza's body' - S I starediabout me,and then pointing to the eug gap gthe ice had made, answered, ' It e wastherg. Where it is now I know not.' o He shrugged his shoulders, took another e view of the ice and the ocean, and then cried impatiently, 'Let us return! the powder barrels must have the first chance.' And he made for the schooner, savagely strikldng the , ice with his spear and growling curses to himself as heploughed and climbed and jumped hisway along.( o rL D.) 