THE COUNTESS CARIOLI. CHAPTER VII. L the retirement of my chamber, after I had revelled a little while in my newly found happiness, I set before myself the facts I was possessed of, which were to guide me in my self - imposed taski of arriving at the truth with regard to Arthur. In the first place, wase his disappearance a voluntary or involuntary one ? I had no doubt in my own mind that it was the latter. Sybarite as he was in his habits, I was sure he would not have gone off with out some preparation had he intended ever so hurried a departure. 'Tie true he had to me expressed many times a dislike of the responsibilities of his new position; yet, on the other hand, he had apparently settled down very comfortably, and whatever his relations with thle countess may have been, he had found an additional attraction in Ruth Davies. Had she disappeared at the same time I should have put his uncere monious departure down to the fact that he had seen in this an easy way to cut the gordian knot of difficulty with which he was bound. But she remained and was ap parently perfectly indifferent as to whether he came back or not. For no earthly reason, therefore, could I see that he had gone off of his own free will. That being so, it was equally established that he had gone against his will--had possibly been en trapped, and perhaps murdered. But by whom? and for what? There was only one person that, so far as I knew, Ihad any vengeful feelings towards him, and that was my lady the countess; but even her jealousy surely would not take so extreme a measure of revenge as this. Yet, when I called to mind the mysterious meeting in the wood, the shabby stranger, the passionate nature of the nation to which she belonged, and her ill - suppressed jealousy of Arthur's constant visits to Ruth, I could not help confessing to myself that there were at least the elements of a tragedy. But then why lshould Arthur be the victim ? Jealousy might attempt to get a rival out of the way, but it could gain nothing by the removal of the object of affection. It is true, slighted love might seek for revenge, but in this case, matters had hardly gone so far as that, for though Arthur might stray to the cottage, lie, when he was at homo, was as devoted a slave as ever he had been. When 1 turned to the cottage I could not find much to aid my reflections. 'Tis true it was the last place at which Arthur was seadn. After lie left, presumably about the usual time to rotorn home to dinner, no thing more had boon heard or seen of hIim. There were no signs of a.strugglo; no cries had been hIeard. He could be traced to the cottage of Ruth Davies, and then the ground seemed to hlave opened and swallowed him up, Out of all this I gatheored those facts : 1st. That whether a formal engagement or not existed betwoeen thle countess and Arthur, she claimed a right to his attentions, as witness his general bohaviour to Iher. 2nd. That she was undoubtedly jealous of the girl at thie cottage, who, she felt, had an attraction for Arthur that boded no good to her. 8rd. That she had met a Hman of hler own nationality, olandestinoly, and that she had given him money. For whiat 4th. Tlhat on the smeO day in whichl she had resented very strongly Artlhur's neglect of her and mot this man, Arthur had disappeared. I started with hIorror as I looked at this chain of circumstances. Could it be pos sible, after all, that thie woman withlin a few yards of me was tihe murderess of my friend P The idea seemed too revolting, too horrible, to contemplate. The drops of perspiration stood upon my brow, and my hands wore clammy. I walked up and down the room more perturbed than I had ever felt in my life. "Oh Arthur, Arthur I" I criod; " come back and relieve mo of this dreadful doubt." The more I contomplated tche matter, the more did tie certainty seoem to grow upon me. It was not only possible but probable. In Italy it was no uncommon thing for a faithless lover to be killed at the bidding of his mistress. Under all hler hlauteur and coldness, I knew from what I had soon that .there lurked a hidden fire of passion--the passion for lwhich her nation was noted, hot, fierce, vindictive, and careless of conso quences. What, after all, was more natural than that goaded by Arthur's neglect of her for Ruth, she was instigated by hler passion to procure some bravo of her own nationality to carry out her vongeanc. " Mlurdoress I " I exclaimed, shakling my fist in the direction of her roomn ; " but I will find it out, and if it be true as I suspost, the mercy you showed my poor Artlhur shall be yours." Just thouen there flashed through my mind part of the conversation Arthur and I hlad on the night I first met him on his return. " When an Italian woman reaches tuhat state in whichl an Englishlwomaun wishes to die becaunse her lover is not all to hler that she would have hIim be, the Italian bids her lover lie down and die by a little bit of cold steeool in hler own lhaud, or iu the hland of anSy one else she can bribe, entreat, or com lnacd." With my brain recoiling under the thoughts this almnost prophetic utterance suggested, I put up my papers, turned down the light, and throw open my window. The night was a lovely one. The moon was shlining with exceptional brilliancy. A slight frost had settled eon the ground, and bespangled the leaves still hanging from the trees. The tiny crystals glittered in the silvery light. In the dells and hollows there lurked a slight mist. There was such a dell at the bottom of tihe garden. How long I sat there I cannot tell. Tihe cool air was delicious against my hIeated brow, and I began to think less feverishly. I was just about to close the window, when out of the mist lying in the dell there rose a figure which rivetted my sight and made my heart's blood run cold. SThere stood Arthur as I had seen him last, looking up at the house. Good God I Was I dreaming ? I rubbed my hands over my eyes to see if I was awakeo. Yes I there was no doubt about that; but when I looked again he had gone. Convinced that what I had just witnessed was none other than the creation of my fancy, digordcrcd by what it had beeoon dwelling on, I closed the window, un dressed, and went to bed, but it was not until daylight appeared that I fell off into a short dreamy, fitful sloop. For though I was no believer in ghosts or goblins, I could not but be impressed with the curious trick I considered my imagination had played me. CHAP'TER VIIe. In the morning whel I mawoke and re viewed the circumstances of the night previous, I saw the necessity of not too hastily comining to a conclusion. It was possible, I thought, that though Arthur had no enemies in this country, he might have left some in the land in which hlie had lived so many years. Enemies, aye and deadly ones too, are very easily made in some parts of tile Continent, and so curi ously constructed is the Italian mind that a slight upon a man's honour is never wiped out except by blood. Arthur in his easy careless manner may ihaveR said or done something that had left a sting, and he had been followed to England by some one who had thus avenged himself. He had always had the reputation of being easily caught by a pretty face, and possibly some love passages in the sunny south had something to do with the affair. With these thoughts in my mind I re solved to search Arthur's own room, and see if among his papers I could find any clue that would guide me. I also sent a letter off to London to the office to tell thelm to send down at once a detective officer, one who could speak foreign lauguages, and had some acquaiutance witll foreign places and peoples. To the detective I intended to commit the task of tracing the arrival and departure of the man to whom I had seen the countess talking in the wood. Irosolved to impart to no one-not even my beloved Florence-the horrible suspicion I entertained regarding the countess. It would do no good, and might frustrate my plaus. The weather was bright but cold. The countess appeared at brealkfast to our great surprise, for lately she had been in the habit of having it served up to hier in her own room. She appeared otveloped in furs-as did also the count, her father. During the meal she announced her in toetion of going away as soon as conveni ent. "I cannot stand your English,winter," she explained. "It was only for a short time I came to stay witll our old friend Mr. Birdwood. He wished us to do so, and to show us whalt his home was lilke. It is so sad this death of him. Iam distracted; but I am cold. Ugh" I and she wrapped her pelisse tighter round about hter. " Are you so sure hlie is dead ? " I askled, looklting at her intently. She returned my gaze without flinching. " I kuow not. I suppose so. It is three, four weeks sinco he l was away," and she shrugged her shoulders. " ust he may return-we have no proof of his death. It is strange, certainly. Would hIe lilke to find you gone should ihe come back? " I asked this in a low tone. She looked at me for a moment and thou with another shrug, she said. " Why for niot ? I go hiomo to Italy, he will find me. To Italy, mny father. To Italy." " Yes, my olhilt, to Italy. I like not that what you call winter," said the count turn ing to me. "Nor my lchild. I iam sorry, very sorry for your friend. He was an amiable, so amiable, and he is gone. So, yes, it is sad." While the count was running on in this strain, I was revolving in mny mind whether it would be better policy to let them go or compel them to stay. I finally decided to lot them go. For the saltke of Florence I was desirous of getting thie countoss out of thie house. With the suspicious 1 had, I oould not bear the thoughlt if her Ihaving to come into any communtication witih hier at all. Besides, if it were necessary to have her forcibly detained in this country, it could be better done, and with less trouble, iu London than at Birdwood. Again, it would give the new detective a chance of finding out if shite saw, or had any oonuection with, any one in England, and might put him on a valuable track. This last decided me. " When do you propose leaving us ? " I said. I fancied the countess was not prepared for so ready an acquiescence with hier inteoutions, for she elevated her eyebrows as if with surprise at the question. "Oh, in a few days. Is it not so, papa ?" " Certainly yes, my child. Oh, yes." " If you will let me Inow the exact hour I will have a carriage ready for you." "I thank you," she replied; and, pulling her furs closely round her, she retired from the room. " I'n not sorry for that," Florence skid, when sls haid gone. I told Floroneo how I proposed to spend the morning in looking through Arthur's room. "Poor old Arthur," she said, with a sigh. " I fancy I can see himn now saunter ing across the gardou, with his morning cigar in hIis mouth." Intuitively I tturned towards the window as she said this, and my faeoo must have blauohed as the recollection of the last night's vision was thus recalled to my mind. " Gus dear, are you ill ? You are over thinking and worrying yourself," she said. " Be careful, for my sake," she added, with a charming bltush, which pretty speech I paid with the tribute it deserved. Bidding Frantcsco follow me, I went up to Arthur's room, which wast just as he loft it, for I ihad turned the key and given in struetious tlhat niobody should enter it, the day after his disappea:Rance. Francesco hlad taken thle loss of his master very much to heart, and was only a shadow of his former self. No one had been more assiduous than hlie in the search. Nothing seemed to fatigue hlim; and the poor fellow sobbed as we entered tile room. There were the things he had laid out on that wrotlched afternoon, but which had never been worn. Thinkling that perhlapshe might lhave some remembrance that would guide me in the direction in whichl I was sooeeking, I ques tioned him; but he know nothing. Arthur liad done him some kindness in Italy rescued him in some way from a mob-that was the only fracas that he had known him to have engaged in. "Enemies; no, he had none. IHo was known as the gentle Englishman, the gen erous Englishman, the English artist. Every one liked him. The dogs left off snarling to let him go by, because he once bound up with his handkerchief the broken leg of one of them. The brigands outside the wall of the city in which he had taken up his abode let him ramble wher e e would unmolested, on account of his having sac coured the fever-stricken wife of one of their number, who, entering the city to make some purchases, was taken ill, and no one would go near her." All this and a good deal more the lhonest fellow poured out in one long voluble string of words while I was turning over the various things in the drawers. What a collection there was. So like Arthur. There were broken cigars, gold studs, pipes, paint brushes, tubes of paint, pencil and other sketches all together, with letters, loose money, and toilet requisites. Ahl I here was that of which I had come in search -his diary. Possessing myself of it, I dismissed Fmrancesco, and retired to my own room. "Dear Arthur, forgive me 1" I said, as I opened it; "forgive me for prying into the cherished secrets of your heart." The entries in the book began on the date of his taking up his abode at Birdwood, and the first of them alluded to his im pressions and feelings, his meeting with his various tenants, and matters of a business nature. My own name I found, but only in connection with the distribution of some property in his will. Then came other enoutries, some of them hearing upon the subject I had in hand. The first of these was written evidently on the day of the arrival of the countess, and ran thus: "How exquisitely lovely Margharita appears; what a magnificent creature she is. I always feel in her presence as in the presence of a queen. I am a slave before a tyrant; a blind worshipper prostrate before his idol. Yes, she has come, and Ifeel the same old influence over me. Yet it seems strangely out of place 1 But it must not be so; lot me recall the days when to sit beside her was heaven-to gaze into her eyes was bliss untold, and the sound of her voice was sweeter to ,me than all the music of her fatherland. A ll those days, how I dreamed them away. Have I awakened ? Is their spell broken 2" A little farther on, then came:- " Yes, it must be. It is our cold northern climate that nips and blights the southern love. I sit by her side; I gaze on her voluptuous beauty; I listen to her voice; she is all graciousness and love; but my heart rebels, and will not yield its entire homage. And she, does she seeit? Has she found it out ?" Then there was an entry of his first meet ing with Ruth Davies. "I have, near my own door, a veritable Venus in the shape of a Welsh peasant girl of extraordinary beauty, and whant is more wonderful, I don't believe she knows she is beautiful. At last I have found a face that I care to paint." After some unimportant references "I have been trying again to paint my newly-found beauty; but the more I try the less I seem able to reproduce the wonderful delicacy of colour of those cheooeks, the liquid blue of those eyes, and the ineffable tender ness of her expression. I believe one must love before one can paint. Yes, it must be so. I had no difficulty with Margharita, but hers was a different type of beauty, of the type of the schools, perfect in every feature." "What is this change that is taking place in me? I am no longer the willing slave I was. My poor Margharita, and I have brought you from your sunny land to chill your heart i And you have found me out. Gracious powers, what am I doing ? I find my thoughts wandering continually to the fair-haired beauty at my gates." " Margharita has to-day taxed me with my coldness, and lhas reproached me for my neglect of hier. I cannot help it; I cannot bring myself, coward as I am, to admit to her that she no longer occupies my solo thoughts. But she must guess it. She ihas discovered how often I go to the little cottage. Her instinct has divined the cause. She lhas asked me to take her there." "It is over; the past and the present stood face to face, but neither uttered a word. We are just back, she has sent for me to see me alone." "Fool I coward that I am. I dare not tell the truth to her add throw myself on her mercy. I grovelled before her beauty, it intoxicated me. She never looked more superb than when she was hurling her reproaches at me. Once more she exer cised the old ascendoney. I yielded my submission and am forgiven." "For two whole days have I refrained from takling my feeoot where my heart desired to go. Yes, I feel it now, I do not love Margharita and I do love Ruth. Whae madness I but who can control these things ? I love Rutlh with a passion I never before felt. How strange that the touch of this unformed peasant-girl should cause the chords of my heart to vibrate as they do." "I have told the countess. There was less of a scene than I expected. All is now over between us. I have my liberty, hut I do not enjoy it. I have promised that it shall make no difference in our relations one to the other while she is here. I am still mad enough to hang on to her. What will the end be ? I mistrust her quietude; beneath her calm exterior there rages, I know, a vol?ao. I know her of old." Then comes the last entry of all. "I have promised to take the countess out to-morrow; I will devote my morning to her. Possibly she thinks she can regain the old power over me, but it is gone for over. In the afternoon I will use my freedom to bind myself again. I will to my heart's idol and tell her all, how I love her -yes, how I love her." Poor boy," I said as I laid down thei book, " how little we all thought as you inu dolently let the days pass by, that such a tempest was raging in your heart. That careless manner, that pleasant smile, that ineffable laziness, was but a mask after all." CIPTER e" x. The extracts from the diary proved one thing-the existence of an attachment, an engagement, or whatever it might be called, between Arthur and the Countess. This was a firm starting point; at least, I had no doubt in my mind when I laid the book down, that the Countess, stung to madness by the knowledge that her lover had deserted her for another mistress, had resolved to be revenged upon him. Did she really care for him ? I wondered. Did that outwardly cold haughty Italian woman, with all the passion of her race and sex within her, did she love the idle, careless lounger through life ? Was it her love that would rather lie were dead, than that lihe should lavish his caresses on another woman, when they were denied her? Was it her love ? Or was it her hatred at being made a fool of? She had been brought away fromher own land for what ? to be humili ated, to see her heart's idol shattered. To be told that the love she had trusted in was a mere idle fancy to be cast aside in a moment. It was hard upon her. It was cruel. Arthur in the fulness of his newly found pleasure had scarcely comprehended this. Love is selfish. It was with such thoughts as these in my mind, that I lookled at the Countess next time I saw her. As cold as ever, I said to myself. Is it possible that you ever felt the warmth.of the divine fire? I was not a little surprised at her request for an inter view. After lunch I intimated that I would meet her in the drawing-room. She was already there when I entered; seated on a low stool, with her chin resting on her hands, and wih her eyes fixed on the fire. So absorbed was she in thought that she heeded not my presence. Her face was ashen pale, and her hair and dress were in a disorder unusual with her. I could see too that her eyes were red, a's with weeping. " I am here," I said, quietly. Without changing her position, she said: "I desired to see you to give you these." Her voice was hard and harsh, so unlike the soft, full tone in which she usually spoke. As she said this she held out to me two packets. "This one," she said, pointing to one irregularly shaped, " I desire to be given to him--if hlie should come back." "If he should come back," I repeated, "do you then think he will ? Tell me, woman, what do you know ?" And I seized her wrist in my excitement, for her words hadl put wild fancies into my head. Throwing off my hand, she said, "I know nothing; any hopes I have in my heart, you have placed there. But hope, what have I to do with hope ? To me he is dead, dead for ever," and covering her face with her hands, the unhappy woman sank on the floor in paroxysm of grief. After a.moment or two she looked up and said, " I loved him I oh, I loved him so." Then pointing again to the packet, she re peated her instructions, and then added, " they are but a few presents he made me in the old days. If he should not come back, or if the certainty of his death should be established, or if after a suflicient time it is decided in any other way, lot them be burnt." I bowed my head in acknowledg ment that I understood her request. "The letter is for you," she said. "Open it when I am gone, some time hence. I go to-morrow; promise me that you will not seek to know whither I go." "I cannot promise that," I said. For though I sincerely pitied the wretched woman before me, I felt that to give such a promise would be to hamper me in my attempts to unravel the mystery. " Why ?" she asked. "Because," I replied, "it may be neces sary to ask you for information which you alone can give us. lRather entrust me with your address, and I will give you my word that your privacy shall be respected, and only matters of the most urgent nature shall be intruded on you." She considered for a moment, and then said, "Well, then, be it so. I go to an old friend, '100, Connaught- square, Lon don.' Now leave me." "Is this a guilty woman?" I asked myself when I had retired to my own room. That she had loved Arthur with a passionate love was certain. But then her love, it would be that which would tempt her to kill him rather than see him another's. Then she had a hope of his coming back. I confess I was puzzled. Was this after all a trick --the cunning design of a clever woman to put me off the scout she had been sharp enough to detect I was on? Yes, it must be so, buht I would not be so fooled. It was a bold device, but a weak one. She had shown us on many occasions what a splendid actress she would have made. This was a piece of her acting. The dis hIovelled hair, the red eyes, the lowly position, were all part of a scene; rehearsed, perhaps, beforehand. And yet there was a reality about that passionate exclamation, " I loved him so; " but even that would be compatible with her guilt. No I nothing had happened to make me think that my first conclusions were any but the right ones. Any way, I could do no harm in prosecuting my inquhiries in that direction, and so I re solved to persevere. The nextmorning the countess and her father left as arranged. I had not seen her since our interview. When I did she was closely veilled. Her good-by was but of a formal character. Perhaps the servants were the warmest in the utterance of their farewells; but then I found that she had made them handsome presents all round. To Frascesco she had been particularly liberal. She had called him into her room just before she left us. "Francesco," she said, "you remember the old days." "Yes, miladi countess." " Those were happy days." "Yes, miladi." " You loved your master ? " "Yes, miladi." "Yon remember our buying this ring, Franecesco ? " :" Indeed, yes, countess." " Take it, and if ever you want help in Italy, show it to the jeweller of whom we bought it and he will give you for your needs." " Yes, miladi countess." The poor fellow blubbered as he told me this. "Wore they happy together ?" I asked. "As birds ; he worshipped her, was never from her side, he gratified her every wish, and she devoted herself to him." I could not help sighing as I thought of the wreck of happiness that had taken place, and on what a rock. The pretty face of an untutored country girl The thought of her reminded me that I had intended to pay the cottage a visit. There were some links in the chain of evi dence that I was making that wanted strengthening. The next day kept me busily employed, for the detective I had sent for from Lon don arrived. He was a man of a much higher order of intelligence than the one we had previously had. He spoke Italian, French, and German fluently, and seemed just the man I needed. I told him the whole case, to which he listened attentively. When I had finished he said: " You are right, sir. The woman,'this countess, is the party; there's no doubt about it." I was glad to hear my opinion confirmed by so distinguished an officer, for, to tell tile truth, my faith had begun to waver, despite all the appearances. " You think so ?" "I'm certain of it." "Very well thou, what is best to be done ?" "Well, there ain't much to be done down hero, sir, and what there is you can do. I'll go with you and see the girl at the cottage. She may know more than she has told yet." "I don't think so." " Well, there's no harm in pumping her a bit. Then I'll go back to London and watch the countess. Depend upon it, she won't be long before she is visited by some one or other who will give us a clue." After a few moments' pause, he asked: "By-the-by, I suppose every search has been made for the body 2" "Every search." " Ah I we'll find it yet." It was not without a thrill of horror that I listened to this ordinary way of discussing the finding of poor Arthur's body, as if it were a bit of stray jewellery, but I reflected that it was the man's business and long habit had made him callous. "May I see what a real detective is like ?" askled Florence. "I have readof them, but I have never seen one." This led to Mr. Inspector Hackett being asked to lunch with us. He was a tall, fine, handsome mau, of a slightly Jewish cast of features, and he evidently appreciated the honour done him. It made him a little bit awkward in hlis manner at first, but did not affect his appetite the least bit. After lunch we went down to the cottage. Ruth was sitting sowing on a low stool out side the door. " Well, my lass," the inspector opened with, I thought, unnecessary bluntness; "you were the last person that saw Mr. Arthur Birdwood, weren't you, before he was murdered, you know ? " Ruth flushed crimson, but made no answer. " Nay, don't blush; there's no harm in a pretty girl being courted by a gentleman. But come, tell me, when he left you, whichl way did he go 2 was it to the right or loft, or which way ? " " I know nothing more than I have told," she said, resolutely. "Oh, no; of course not. Which way was it you said? I have forgotten." Ruth looked at her questioner for a moment, and then pointed past the cottage, down the hill. " Will you let me see the inside of your cottage, my dear ? " Without waiting for a reply, he pushed back the door and went in. "Anud a very nice comfortable cottage, too. How are you, mother ? " he added, nodding familiarly to the old lady by the fireplace. " What a remarkably good likleness," he said, pilcking up the portrait Arthur had painted, and examining it very closely. Looking at the girl very thoughtfully for a moment, he put it down, bade her good-day, and we went out. " Well," I asked, "lhave you discovered anything ? " " No, not much. I think the girl Iknows more than she tells. But there, I may be mistaken." "I think you are," I said warmly, "for I had cross-questioned hler myself over and over again, and I felt a little nettled that in this offhand way he should lay claim to have done what I had not. "The paint on that picture was rather fresh," he said, cleaning his thumb-nail with a penknife. "Yes, it has only recently beeoon painted," I said. " Ah i" " Well, good-by, sir," he said, after con sidering a few minutes; " I don't think I can be of any further service here. I'll go back to London. Let me see; 100 Con naught-square, I think you said." " Yes; that was the address she gave me." " All right, sir. I'll look after that there countess, never you fear." Saying this, he turned away, and was soon lost to sight in the turn of the lane. I pursued my way along the cliff for a little while, as it was a fine afternoon. The inspector had rather nettled me, I must confess. He had been too rough, I thought, with Ruth. The questions he had asked her were certainly startling in their plainness and directness. But I could not see that he had discovered anything more than I had done already, and yet he had been very thoughtful when he came away from the cottage. Poor Ruth, I pitied her. She looked very lovely as she was being questioned so roughly. I had always treated her ten derly, for I felt that an interest attached to the girl, and she deserved consideration for Arthur's sake. She hlad been the last person who had seeoon him, as the inspector had said; she was his latest love fancy, and her face was perhaps the last on which he had looked-if he were dead. "Where are you, my poor friend," I cried; "are your bones whitoning in some oranny of these cruel rocks ?" Retracing my stops I went back to the cottage. Ruth had laid down her work, and was aitting with her armst on her kneea, looking abstractedly over the water. Ihad, of course, had many conversations with bs during the last few weeks, and I mast corn. fess I had been struck with the more than average intelligence she possessed, and there were evidences of an innate refine. ment that one expects to find only io persons of better birth and breeding than the class she had apparentlyep from.2 prn That Arthur's fancy for her should have grown, I was not surprised at. She vas beautiful, there was no denying, and her movements were graceful, and wheon he began to find out that she had some charms of mind also, new fetters would be foarge with which to bind his heart. rge I could not help contrasting her, hew. ever, with the countess who had justde. parted. Whatever my opinions of her ladyship were just at the moment, and hew. ever wicked she might turn out to be, there was no doubt that she was a refined, accomplished, and cultivated woman, withe very high order of intellect. She, too, was beautiful; and though proud and cold and haughty, she shed around her the halo of education and good breeding. There was no doubt she was the more suitable mate for Arthur of the two women, but fate had willed it that his affection for her-for it wan certain at some time he had loved her devotedly and even passionately-should pale before the love-light kindled by this rustic maid. I had often intended to ask Ruth some particulars regarding herself, and I tookl the present opportunity to do so. That the old crone withl whom she lived was not her mother I knew. "You knew old Mr. Birdwood, the late proprietor, I suppose ?" "Yes, indeed; he weas very kind to me. It was he who gave my mother this cottage, and a small income to lie upon." " Was she a native of these parts ." "Not exactly of these parts. She came from Gower land." "He was liked, was he not ?" "Yes, very much; he was very good. natured, and took a great interest in everythling about the place and the village." " And in you ?" "Yes, he had me educated." " But I thought you told me that; you had never been awa:y from here." "I hlave not; there was the son of one of the villagers who had been a schoolmaster, and came to be Mlr. Birdwvood's cleri, who taught me. Then I had all sorts of books from the house to read, and latterly, when he was so ill that he could not go oat, I used to read to him." "I think you were with him when he died ?" "Not at the exact moment; only Mr. Phillips the lawyer was with him then." " And so you have lived here all your life ?" "? Yes." " You have read of other places, of other countries; would you not like to see them ? " "Sometimes I think I would. I sit and gaze on the sea, and see the ships go by, and wonder what lands they go to over there. Tell mue," she said, after a few moments' silence, during which she had had looked fixedly in the distance as if she were pondering whither a vessel was going that was skimming over the waters with its white sails gleaming in the sun. "Tell me, what is it to be a lady ?" (To be continueLd.) 