X **' *. * ' "BbOTKBDAT, ? jp3»e Police Magistrate andMjr. i. ??BL'j A h&SZ; oflieoclei' was dischairged on & charge ?ff4tS°^nn^pn.paymjs; gg. jcafr fare. Geo. I!, rieinB ?. Win. V^hite, mslicioiiBly wounding. . Mr. L. Ibahai appealed, for the defence, and aigued that the police bad no rightto bring the case forward as it was a matter be tweenthe pariaesand bad been settled. ThePolice M&gjstzate; said criminaLproceed ings were instituted by Plewis, and Mr. Win. White, being well known, a summons "was ironed instead of a warrant. The defendant was therefore property in the bands of Hie police. Sob-Inspector Meldrum said he would go on. Geo. E. Plewis, a cook employed at White's Occidental Hotel, was there on 24th inst; was drunk in the afternoon between three and four; lie took Lis 6wag out of hie bed room, opposite thehtthen, and was going to clear put; Mr. White tried to tab the swag from him «nil told him to go to his work; the swag was ?oufc ^de his bedroom door; witness called him an , and White hit him with his fist under the chin; witness threw a chisel at him but it did not strike him; defendant then hit witness on the head with a stick; could not say what kind of a. stack it was ; he hit Mm on "j the aide of the head; could not swear whether there were one or two blows; there were two marks, and his -head was bleeding; witness then ran away and gave Information to the 1 police; heafterwanls went to Dr. Paoli, and subsequently laid an information before Mr. Kcndrick;didnott&ke; the bookandswearon it;' he signed a. document; he did not subsequently settle the matter with Mr. White ; went back to. his work when he got sober; Mr White did-,®ot offisr.him any terms to settle it; never said to any one that lie- did so; it wbb witness went to White and apologised to him for neglecting his'worl; retained MV Milford to appear for. Tiim in the case; after- j w»rds wrote to Mr. AGlford and told him he! did not wish to proceed with the case, as he \ had seen Mr. Mowbray and Mr. Kennedy, and ? if he won^d send inhis bill he would pay it ; i was certain that he never told anyone Mr White offered him money to equare thei matter. j Mr. Marshmd objected that Sub-Inspector) Meldrum was putting irrelevant questions. Witness continued: Went into a chemist's shop to get some ointment for his bead; Mr. j Phair and another gentleman were there;] witness told -them that the matter was settled,' and he was at work again; did not Bay Mir. ' White ofEered £5 and *l month's epell to settle it; could not remember whether Mr : ; White said anything when he stariock him on the head; could not say whether he {witness) was standing up or lying down when he was struck; had been at work ever ranee. By Mir. ^ Maraland: Witness was the agpessor on tiiat day; had been drunk and negleaang his work ali day ; went back of liis own accord. B. W..J£endriek, Cleii of Petty Swim ( stated that when the information was laid, the last witness, to the best of ins ability, swore to it on the Biblfij Mr. lOltonL was present j Plewis was in avery excited state, and was bleeding from the liead; witness thought he was sober. Charies (Cohen, manager of the Singer Rawing Machine Company, Charters Towers, stated: ' Heremembered the 24tbinstant; saw com plainant lying on the ground and Mr. White; standing by the side of him ; .he was in a sit tang position near the kitchen in the back yard ofthehotel; heai& Mr. White toll complainant he would teach, him to strike him ; Mr. White had a stick-in Ms'li&rid; it was asmall piece of firewood, a bit of a sapling; witness' boy pi(4ednpthestickandehowMlit to him and' told him it was the stack Mr. White Jiit the; boy with; witness told him to throw it away;' saw complainant-jdeeding from tLe.li cad; com plsSnantwas bare headed; there was a wound on -the right aide "of his head. By Mr. Maraland: Mr. White told him one cook was drank in bed and the other was drank and would notgirto-work; henbowedJiim the one in bed; inferred that defendant :had tzied to strike the, complainant. - By Sub-Inspector Meldrum: Believed the stick tiie feoyhronght tt? liie diop was thp mmp one that he saw in Mr. White's hand. ' Dr.^Baoli stated that he examined the com plainant Piewis on 24th instant; found two ' small lacerated wounds on the right eide of the head; the taie skin was cut; one wound'was half an inch long,»nd the other a quarter bfaa inchs they wereinflicted witha blunt instru ment, possiblya stick. By Mr. MusIahd: Tliey were not dangerous. Sob-Infiik^rMeldrumappliedforatemaad; . for three days. v ^ Mir. Marsland strongly objected to a remand. The case was & paltry one, and was a matter-i between the parties. He snbmitted the case j should be dismissecLat once. | The Police Magufaate said there was a! pritnafocie case,and granted the remand asked ; for. Mr. Pritchaid here left the Bench. Police v. Oscar SchinkeL ? Supplying liquor, to an aboriginaL Mr. Mareland for the Police. ? Defendant pleaded not guilty. Constable Bourke stated that he knew de fondant who wasproprietor of the Day Dawn -Solely on the 1st of this month he was at the ; hotelaboutS p.m.; he was in the yard at the. back; saw Mr. Sdrinkel take Is from a black . boyat the back door, go inside and bring out two bottles of beer, which he gave &eblack; boy; the black boy's name wasPaddy? knew it was beer because he took itfrom the black boy and tasted it; .Constable Coles was with him; the bottles jjrpdoeed aw the same. . By de£endant : Will swear the JJELD. bottle camefromyour premises; will swear it was you served them; if you were in bed ill, your ghost was about the premises ; did not see a cold ham j and a lot of cold meat walking out of the kQiclien that night {iRUghter); was lying' undemealhthe lradgehet^eea the house- .and. the kitdien; was not in tuiifonn. Constable Coin gave romtboEattv? evidence. Deftmdant was fined £2, and £2 7s 6d co^s. r Police v. Andiw MKrsball, a. ^jto^afcse, eup pljing liquor to an aboriginal. Mr. Maisland lor the Police, -ahd Mr. Milf^ y,e ^e. fondant. - : , " £bnstBbIe |3oIe6 stated fie Imew the de fendant Andrew Marshall; saw iiim on 1st instantouiade ,ljwrfcf*rg' Brilliant Hotel; Sambo, ^'aboriginal, w^rw^h fci^Paddy woit'im to the frantdDf thelmtoi^ ^lgs tn the iae fendant who iwas Redman .tiiraje, and said " Get me ashniing'e wo^i of hSc/' ^deE^Sbt;, went in, got two boHies <rf b«er at ^ the «ame-oi^|)Mai;;«ye them to Pad%; he then saw; wii^^ iang Gon<ta»Ie !Bonife» "Dpnttake any^wtice^n^giv^^thatfalBck -CE31ow beer as . I should gefe ^nto. fzoubie;" witoess ieplied " We shall see about that later on;" thenfolio wed Paddy,.and took theheer £romhim,iastedit, andse^liadit up. By Mr. Milfords W<tnld swear that lie did ^ppt fiend Paddy in to Jby and eeit teer &om; Jibs, TrftdtinB before he saw Marshall; did not sendhimtodefyidantto>get.bMr. ConstableBoni^^msimilar evidence. By Mr. MOford; I told Paddy to go jn and! get some beer. For the defence, Andnsw ITiythaR ynWl^m at the Brilliant Hotel, stated on tile night oif : |st October two; constables and * black hoy came along the footpath} Bourlm took a shil ling feom his pocket aiid gave it to 'the black boy to go into the bar to get beer; heard him ask (he missis for the beer, and she raid "clear out;" the Black boy cams out and gave the shilling hade to Bourice; Bourke then gave witness the shilling and said ""Yon go and ..get the beerand gireittothe boy;" witness went to the bar andgot ibwo Utiles of beer, took it down and gaife it to the black |bovj Constable Coles fookthe bottiesawayfaomtiw black boy;1 , flie only season why lie gave the fceer to the blac^^boy was because thecoastabletoldMm to, and hethought there'was not apy harm; he knewthat it wasjqot legal tosupply aboriginals or.kanakaswitii drink. By Mr. Marsland: Paddy did not tell me who the beer' was for ; will swear Bourke gave j theblack boys shilling; never%aid the beer j was£orMis. Park. . ME. Miarsland called the following evidence JiprebuttaL- . _ _ eaidthedefendanfc -went to itaTlock-lnp St9 o'clock p.m. on Istinst; he *aid a black l»y came to him and eaid lie .leanted Is: woriii of beer for Mrs. Fork, and that be got the beer and (hen Constables Bourke and Coles came up. Defendant van fined £2, with £2 7B. 6d costs. 