SOKE ONE ELSE (A STORY BY B. M. OROKER.) ? CHAPTER XVII. -(Continued) ALL on NOTHING. Haideo Bibaazon did not in tho least moan what; she said. (She thought slio did.) She entertained much wanner fnoling for her hand some kinsman than slut suspected ; and I am greaitly'afraid tluit during her recent conver sation she hud a recollection of Gussie's feats in the flirting line before her mind's eye, and was trying to copy a very unworthy model. But Gussie — an astute young lady — had de clared the very first time she had met. her cousin, ' that he was not a person you could play, with 1'' and he was not. 'Then you really mean what you say, Haidee?' he asked, standing gravely before her. ' Your yes means yes ; your no, no.' 'Of course it docs !' pouting a little. I ' What else V * 'Merely that in that case there is no use in my hanging on here any longer. I may as well, say good-bye now,'- holding out his hand with.a, look of grave decision. '.What do you mean ?' she nsked, rising to her feet as she spoke, and confronting him with a rather pale face, and the most exqui site pair pf searching eyes, 'Do you mean that you are 'going away altogether? I don't want you . to do that. Why cannot you stay, as— as my cousin J' '? Because that would be nonsense,' he re turned. ' There is no use in prolonging the agony. — I will confess to you now, Haidee, that I came home — came here — with some re luctance.— I am not, as you may have seen, a squire of dames, a ladies' man. — I did not wantja wife, but I found to my great sur . prise, that TJncle Georgo had chosen for me justvthe one jgirl I had ever met I cared a straw about ; however, it was scarcely to be expected the attraction would be mutual ; 1 shall go back to Burmah as I came. And yet,' becoming rather white, ' hot just as I came.-— I have gained a new experience, one that I shall never forget j an experience that, at any. rate', . will do me no harm, that will m&keime; more. tolerant now of other fellows, and better all round. — I have spent the hap piest days of - iny life here, with you — Haidee, and now they have come to an end. It is not your fault — not mine. Gocd-bye.' Once more-holding out a thin sun-burnt hand, and looking at her steadfastly. ' Believe me, I shall never care for any girl, as 1 do for you,' he stopped, for his voice was becoming un steady, but he still held out his hand in silence. ' I— I—' began Haidee, '? told yon I liked;you very, much,' turning away her face. ' And, perhaps, I may like you better,' ignor ing,! hiB hand altogether, 'if you stayed a little ilouger. — -Will you?' ' No, no,' he roturned resolutely, per ceiving his small advantage, and prepared to push it to 'the utmost. 'I will go ; if not tp day, to-morrow; but if l come back in a week's time, will you give me my answer then — an answer once for all?1' ' IX will if I can, but,' poking her parasol1 vigorously into the moss, ' I think you might stay, 'with a half-shy, questioning glance. ' No, I will leave you alone to reflect' (with a' crafty recollection of an old proverb). And Haidee, are you sure there is no one no one you care for V ? ' Not one,' she answered with slow distinct ? ness. ' On' -your word of honor?'' looking into her eyes is if he would read, her very soul. ' On ' my word of honor. Why are you so pressing? Could yoti be jealous ?° she asked, with a smile. ? . .. 'All or nothing is my motto,' he returned emphatically? ' and it seeuis preposterous to me that Gussie has so many admirers, four proposals ;you told me, not counting our friend,'- nodding his head towards the garden, ' who presses himself .upon her periodically, and, you, .who are a thousand times prettier, not , to; have a dozen fellows in love with you. ?It seems .incredible !' ' Where would they all come from, pray .1' asked, 'Haidee mockingly. ' Whom do we see'?- The cu rates one and all are Gussie's slaves.' ' She; has such pleasant, fascinating manners, such a fund of repartee. Now. I ? ? never, think . of an appropriate reply till the middle '.of, the following day. Mr. Vashon was takeni with.-meiat first, I believe — in fact they all are,' smiling, ' but I displayed such incon ceivable indifference to his ' Blue Gown Colt,' and' corifiised hock wine with hock part of a ? horse's .leg, that he withdrew in disgust. I telljou^andidly, all men hate me.' ' Hate you indeed,' with an incredulous smile. 'Yes, its perfectly truo, I have such awk ward-* manners, arid, I don't mean to be sharp, but l am j' and when I am fancying that I am making! myself frightfully agreeable, .all the time l am snubbing people in the most ; atro cious. manner. ? But I. am three years younger than (Gtus,;and I may improve.' ' I hope to heaven you never will!' ejac ulated her companion fervently, ' but remain just as. you are I' ' Ah, I understand ! you don't want me: to v ' be a, general favorite like Gussie,' nodding her ' head j::'.but there is no fear that I shall ever f rival ;her,' cheerfully. ' Look at the immense resul.ts'sne has woven out of such small mat erials; ' Only fancy,' now lowering her voice mysteriously,' she has four engagement rings strung on a ribbon upstairs. Of course she can't jwear .them, but she brings them out oc casionally, and dangles them before me, and calls them her ' scalps,'' laughing and curling up her' eyelashes as if the reminiscence was exceedingly' diverting. ' And have, you not one little trophy ?' he asked suspiciously. . 't l' in a key of amused repudiation. 'Not even -one,' impressively, tossing her fan of'leaves into the stream,. and drawing forth' her handkerchief as she spoke. Iii1 doing so'a, small carte-de-vi»ite tumbled out tof her . pocket, on tho moss, where it lay— a moat prominent object. Like lightning she pounced upon it, but it had fallen precisely at Miles'- feet, and he was beforehand. The photograph was upside down ; he picked it up, and handed it back to her without com ment,! but all the same he was perfectly con soious of. its being the likeness of a man in cavalry uniform. Oh, sweet simplicity ! Oh, ? disenchantment ! A curious expression then flitted- across^ his mouth, and the color of Haidee's face was positively distressing to see. Each was visibly stirred by some inward agitation, and for some saconds an eloquent Bilence was unbroken by aught but the; water trickling merrily over tho stones. 'You have said no to mo already, Haidee,' began Miles at last, in a strange, repressed ione. 'Had I not hotter take it, as my answer, once for all?':.. ' Plenso yourself,' slio returned curtly, holding her parasol well between herself and hor companion, and feeling that fate had used her abominably. ' Pardon me,' with cool authority, ' I must ask you just ono plain question. Assuie ine that therg is no ono else,' lie said, boldly taking~the parasol out of her hand, and look ing her straight in the faco. ' Do not be afraid to tell me, Haidee ; bo frank, give mo your con fidonce. It would bo a cruel kind ness to leave mo in uncertainty, and under any circumstances I am always.your friend.'' ' I am sorry you think that I was not speak ing the truth just now,' she answered very stiffly. ' I assured you of a fact a few minutes ago on iwy word of honor ; you do not appear' to valuo it much, Cousin Miles.' ' Yes, I do,' he returned impetuously ; hut there is no time for picking one's words, and I believe I could be confoundedly jealous. — If I thought there was another fellow that you cared for, I would never think of — of — you,' he stammered ; ' but if it was a clear course, and no favor — ' 'It is a clear course, as . yon call it... Be good enough to return mo my parasol. And — why, what on earth is tho matter? Just look at Gussie !' pointing with her now recovered treasure, towards her eldest sister, who was flying towards them over the grass with her arms extended like tho sails of a windmill. ' It cannoi be possible that slio has accepted liiin 1' smiling at her companion. But Miles was evident-ly not in a smiling humor ; he looked gravely towards the little figure coming towards them. If Haidee had not been in earnest during their recent conversation, he had. He wished he knew her real mind in the matter, and he angrily consigned the vivacious Augusta to Jericho 1 'News, news, news.!' she exclaimed breathlessly before she was within thirty yards. ' Great news !' now arriving in a panting state ; ' I'll give you each t'hiee guesses !' ' Pooh !' returned her sister, ' I know ! The Bells are going to have a musical party.'' . 'No,' scornfully. ' We are going to ha'e a musical party !' ' Nonsense ; you'll never guess, so I'll tell you. Listen attentively, both of you.' ' We are — at leaijt I am — all ears,' said Miles politely. 'No, no, Miles, it is only Mr. Vashon that is all ears,' returned Haidee gravely 3 'they are like an elephant's, they actually flap.' 'The better to hear with, my dear,' said Gussie complacently j ' biit personal remarks are exceedingly vulgar. Now for tny little story. Aunt Jane has just been up, and paid a staf.e. visit in her Sunday bonnet, and some clever, charming person whom I could hug (efiusively), has been introducing various new ideas to her about us. She. says we don't go out enough— ahem !' ' T am the person that told her that,' cried Miles, triumphantly; irresistibly ? infected by 1 Gussi''s gaiety, holding out both -his arms. ' Here you are !' 'Nonsense,' delightfully; 'you don't say so ! How very sweet of you,' she exclaimed, gazing at him with widening eyes. ' We are to go to balls,' she proceeded glibly, ' we are to have new dresses !' ' Good gracious ! ejaculated Haidee, ' you are not in earnest. Her mind is not giving way 1' staring blankly at her sister whilst Gussie made a series of cheeses on the grass, as a kind of accompaniment to her great tidings. ' She said that in her day young people were satisfied with white muslins in summer, and one good merino-dress in winter, but now it- is all changed, girls go out fifty times more and dress to match, and that we must march with thg times ! To be brief,' spreading out her .small plump hands towards her listeners, ' the long and the short of it is that she is going to take us over to Sand borough next week for two days. We are to appear at a grand country ball ! Can your mind grasp it ? And she is going, — this is the next best part of it, to present each of us with a beautiful ball dress for the supreme occasion all the way from London town ! Money, no object ! Isn't it quite too deliciously charm ing ?' 'And Mrs. B. ?' demanded her sister sig nificantly. ' Between you and me, my dear friends, she does not half like it, but she has been borne away on the current of Miss Jane's eloquence, and has accommodated herself to circum stances. And now for the only bitter drop in ! the cup, the thorn in our rose, the serpent in our Eden ! She is coming — and Nokes,' pul ling down the corners of her mouth. ' And when is the ball to be ?' cried Haidee, with dancing eyes. 'Next Tuesday week, the 24th instant! We are to get our frocks from town, and I was thinking,' now addressing herself to Miles, ' that Connie should choose them. Of course we should be both alike, two violets on one stem. I see the dresses before me now,' closing her eyes and pressing her hands together rapturously, ' brown tulle and sprays of laburnum.' 'Brown and yellow!' cried Haidee; ' hideous ! frightful ! What guys we should look ? like two burnt pancakes. Of course we should wear white !' she added eagerly ; ' don't you think so, Miles ?' ' No, no ; white doesn't suit me ; at twehity four one wants some color,' objected Gussie, with much feeling. 'And you know you can wear anything ; everything suits you, even that old red cotton parasol !' figuratively flinging this compliment at her sister's head. ? ' Well, I won't wear yellow and brown, that's' flat,' as Nokes says. 'Then let us leave it to Miles,' rejoined Gussie. ' Come now, Miles, what do you say? Haidee had much better wear some color, had she not ?' insinuatingly, ' for she will be in such a deadly fright she will look like a ghost going into the ball-room ; she will want lighting up. What do you say to pink— pale pink ?' 'Upon my word I am the worst person 'in the world to give an opinion. I never know how a girl is got up; but I think, pet haps, 1 that white looks better than anything else,' glancing as he spoke at Haidee's white cotton ; | ' so I say white, as I have the casting vote, he concluded, rather, nervously. ' Oh, of course you take her part, re joined Gussie, ? with , a pout, 'I was very foolish to ask, your opinion. I'm., sure Aunt Jane herself '.will be all for pink or brown.' ' A brown merino !' suggested Haidee, sar castically. 'You havo no taste,' replied her sistor aiisterely ; ' but I forgot, by-the-byo, that I was sent to tell you, Miles, that Elorian wants you to go fishing, and that he is wait ing for you all this time. How angry I10 will be, and you must take the blame.' And thus, squabbling and laughing, the trio passed up the long pleasure-ground -and out of sight. To tho last we hear Gussie's soprano declaring that she hnows ' that wo would look a dream in pink — pule pink.' (To be continued). 