TliE VTti CE dlf A ." <! HOST." Duiiixn the last fow years, since .tlie people of England 'awakened to the I importance of ihe Australian colonies, and to the desirableness of attaching them nioro closolv to tho old country, visitors from Australia to: England luiye been received- in English social aud political circles willi a certain amount of effusiveness. The name Australian has been a magic password' to all manner of otherwise inaccessible; places,- from the editor's sanctum to the Queen's drawing- room. Taking advauingo of this, a number of nobodies have succeeded in thrusting themselves forward in the aforesaid circles, and, trading'tipon their nationality, . secured a prominence which is not only entirely uuuicritcd, but which tlioy never could have achieved on Australian- shores. Were the more fact of their being " lionised-" for their nationality all the matter in complaint wo would not cavil., Jiut. e luted apparently, by their sudden elevation from obscurity to distinction, they pose as representatives of Australia, and of Australian public opinion. It is a matter of almost everyday occurrence recently to receive cablegrams chroni cling the utterances of some person about' whom no one in Australia- had j ever, dreamed until then, on subjects more or less important iu connection with the colonies. On tlio wave of this popularity, more than one 11 Australian" has been washed in to ; tlie House dF Commons,; Among- those, ".'.whose names -have been prominent us.," re pro-; sonlativo Australian'' for sonio' years: past, is Mr.' .1. Henniker Heaton. Very- few people, .indeed, had' ever hoard of Mr. 11 caton before lie blossomed forth as the member for Canterbury iu tlie' '-'British House of Commons, aiid as flio advoaato of a.; reform, iii, the .postal arrangements betweou . Great Britain and the colonics.- Those who had tiic lienor, of Afr. lieaton's acquaintance never dreamt that lie hnd the enpaeity to plan; or- tho ability to carry out the agitation in the1 Press, on the- platform, and in the lloupo" in favor of this very admirable scheme.'., He had suc ceeded in eoncoaliiig dus. gcniiis si), effectually during his stay iu Aus tralia, that no one had over suspected it. — rife 'disappeared --unnoticed- from these shores, and the sun, shone, and the birds sang,, and Aho- .wattles', 'lffbonfed, &e..; just as well without him. Biff suddenly: lie attracted all eves in his direction bv appearing as the advocate of the postage scheme iii' England, and upoii the strength of this, and his being a! " returned, coloiiist," :ho 'was. lifted up and placed in the House of Commons as the representative of tlie electorate of Canterbury. Well might his acquain tance in Australia wonder, and vainly endeavor to recall some mysterious sign or evidence that would convince them that. it was ; really iieniuker, who had concealed his talent beneath "ii gay and 1 frivolous oxtcriof," But soon the explanation came. .Behind Mr. lleaton, planning, writing speeches, and obtaining figures and stntisties for him -in- his. work, tliore.was a " ghost." The ", ghost " was reallv doing ail the work;. lor which Mr. lies- ton obtained . tho . credit. The matter was exposed to the vulgar gaze by tlio tact of the " ghost " suing and obtain ing compensation iu a Court of Justice for services rendered, which were cate gorically stated as above. Tlio drill of the whole mailer is ibis : England is being overruu bv a horde of nobodies from Austra lia, who have tho audacity to pre tend to be authorities on, and ex ponents of, Australian public opinion. It is reasonable to suppose that as they are unknown lie re, their talents were so small as to escape recognition in Aus tralia. and (lie danger lies in tlie possi bility of the British people judging Australians by their standard. 'Oflliis class Afr. J. Henniker 11 eat on is a tvpe. As these people are certain to find their true level, we hope that really repre- entativc Australians may not have to bear the brunt of a reaction against the excessive warmth of the recognition given to the undeserving by tWpublic of Greut Britain. 