A BORN COLLECTOR. By Kingston. An opportunity of Into there crime to visit nfc Malvern the "collection" of one who from life's morning to n golden noon has made the bush his study and full oft hiu home, one who is naturalist because Uo born, and, lacking science, still has woodland skill and that strong passion to collect, observe and rnako a mental record which directed well would un lock secrets, not for self alone, bub for the world. No guidance came, howevor ; dis couragement rather. And yet through diffi culty this son of our soil pursued his hobby with unfailing love, took no rebuff, but when oft checked hold on more firmly to His quest. Untaught, as lottcrs go, ho frequently know not the name of insect, beast or bird, yet loved it none the less, stood still to watch its ways ; and if ho sacrificed its lile on ruling passion's shrine, 'twas tlmt ho loved the creature, and would have it one memento more of that which Shel ley calls — The silent wilderness Whore tho soul need not repress Its music. At 8 years old his butterflies and beetles woro forbidden house room ; thou outhouses were adorned therewith, as are to tho present day tho huts wherein (whilst gold hungry) he in , later life abode amid tho Yarra ranges. Next, I outhouses were banned ; so (scarce more then than 12) lie built a small hovel out of old tins, wherein to mount and keep his specimens ; and in this hovel, liavijng never seen nrticulatcd akolcton before, he deftly, joint by joint, wired up the bones until a flcshlcss crano stood per fect. Then came long years of " delve and doil," when market garden reigned supremo, its long drawn tale of hours, lightened sometimes though by trips to Sassafstis or Launching Place or more untrodden wild. Thus he learnt— To row, to swim, to shoot, to build a camp, To climb a lofty atein, clean without boughs. Pull fifty feet, ' Tell tho sun's time, determine tho true north, Or stumbling on through vast self similar woods To thread by night the nearest way to camp. In briefer intervals old Izaak's art had claims, till eels and blackffsh must hnvo known him well , for of tho former ho boars \vitncs9 how, unablo to accept some old time theories how they bred, ho "opened thousands," after find ing one wherein 44 the young were ranged as in a snake," but never more got further light thereon. To testify what blackftsh Upper Yarra held, boneath 1fc3 wattles and close fend ing scrub, ho calls tho head of 7 lb. ono as evi dence. (It's body mihistcrcd to body's wants most fittingly.) Now, with more Iciguro, lie "will linger long in lonesome vales, making the wild his homo," enriching his collection both of forest lore and more substantial specimens But not alone the bush lias charms- All creatures living beneath the sun, That creep, or swim, or ily, or run have, to reverse the case of the "Pied Piper," the power to draw liim unto thera— things dead as well. "With such proclivities and means to-, gratify his tastes, ono might expect his homo to bo, as now it is, museum like in character. Has speci mens, as well as himself, " wander avtay and away," indoors and out — and every wlioro ; and if tho hand of " ono Icarnod .in names and. by strict systems bound " bo needed, still otto's interest is no less, but r either more in tfuis "admired disorder." Those who lovo the nifrn would change not an iota of it all. The Iiatfl has table whereon proudly stand white fronted heron and Pacific gull ; a fine musk duck inf company. Along the hat pegs stretches carpet snake somcdozen feet in length. In drnwingroom tho mantel bears both shells and birds, tho tables have their feathered, denizens, and surely tho piano should have more melody in that it carries many a bird whoso "warblo, liquid sweet," lias mado bush music wake, and native 44 lyres," too, where Monura haunts. A splen did lyrebird, in "habit, as ho lived" (in dancing days), with tail expanded over back as one may see in forest habitat, calls up somo lyre bird lore ; for our collector gathered that, and knows more of the habits of tlieso sby wild mimics than do other men who have not camped wlioro "dancing grounds" exist, f and perhaps could teach somo teachers' thereanent, and 'yet need science teach ing. For tho power to " stand still and sco the wondrous works of God " is not sufficient to make ono read old Nature's book aright, as he will oft admit, and qirotc in evidence his own delusion that tho 44 blue marine " — a wasp— was but ono otago of arachnoid development, oinco embryo of the wasp was found in spider's nest with infant spider folk. BIsewhoro a splendid case of humming birds— of liow high value one lias fear to write — is Reen, and " squares of tropic summer " scorn shut in with them, and gorgeous blooms and gaudy flies, and all surroundings of their sun loved home. Tho dainty poise is here, the outstretched wing, tho searching beak; but why not really flowers? "Was art unablo to set forth fit 44 blooms "to place in rivalry with tlieso fair blossoms of tho avifauna ? That such trocbilide should need 400 species for duo classifying, yet occupy but tropic homos, tells forcibly what wealth of flowors those favored lands must liave. A chill comes with their neighbors — birds from southern, seas, from Bass's Struits, from Western Port, or from King's Island shores. Then a 44 powerful owl" from somo range forest glen has 44 blood birci" tiny to remind his unquiet ghost, if he possesses' ono, of his own barbarity, and is reminder to hit owner (who lias set him splendidly) of ono dark night when, going from his tent, " exempt from public haunt" by many a mile, ho heard mysterious sounds of awesome- noss that pen may not set forth, tongue reproduce, amid the eerie wild. 44 O-o-ha !" drawn out to fullest possibility of groans, came from beside him— nay, filled all the air. 44 Then came a pause ; then the some sound again, more full of meaning than arc any words ; and with tho semi-suporstition born of solitude, I shrunk back to tho tent. But when two gleaming eyes showed just beyond tho firelight on compara tively low bough, and I could place the sound, I knew my visitant ; and there he is." The gorgeous lories havo hero representatives? honey eaters, too, in flocks, and those in volvot black and golden satin sheen, tho Regents o£i that ilk. In fitting company is Carpophaga maghifica, a superb pigeon hard to get a perfect specimen, because the skin oft bursts in getting it to ground from fruitful fig tree tops. Tho land of Zamia palms and cedar shrubs, whence camo this bird, supplied tho riflo bird and its rare eggs as well, and many another in this gathering. 44 How hard that riflo bird will work to get an insect or a spider under bark. Around the stem it goes, taps there, then listens ; -there, and listens lougcr; onco again, thon wftfch its powerful beak assails the bark, throwing off long pieces, 5 or 6 foot long — a perfect shower. I've watched him by tho hour." Our naturalist lias many a memory of that land. Of how, for instance, landed there, ho toiled with bag and baggage through the scrub, and found his burdon too much to be borne. Somo 50 lb. of shot, 500 cartridges, blankets, tont, «fcc., mado close on hundred weight of swag, to drag which over scrub clad hills, down gullies, over fallen logs — here caught by lawyer cares, there giant nettle menaced — was no joke assuredly. And yet, the river reached, tbo camp set up, tho lines were in as evening shadows fell, and splendid cod came out, unwilling gue9t at breakfast tho ' next- morn. All this, despite tho reptiles 44 withpuco colored bellies, which would pass for our black snakes " (here bottled up), despite tho heavy falls and everything — even that ho&rse; barking frog, voiced like a mastiff, or that-still stranger lot who mimicked perfectly a aowtuid pigs. One wonders, hearing snakes are none to-o plentiful in the locality, if these lmgo frog;s reverse the usual process and devour the snakei i. They scorn not lizard flesh or even birds; why draw tho line at Hoploccphuliis or kin ? On o fine death adder met with other fate; and ho that tiger snake, caught living (one of many), am 1 that green slender one for whom a sugmr bag formed prison while he lived. Of iguana boldness this is told. As birds wore skinned iu thoso sub-tropic scrubs, their bodies laid ou! bench besido the tent, theso spiny monsters would como calmly on, and relish birdflcsk muchly. Some splitters say these saurians watch what ono may shoot, mark whoro it falls, and bolt it bodily ; in fact, sit open- mouthed beneath the trees in waiting. But suroly more imagination than truth lurks here. And yet this specimen above verandah door when in tho flesh could take his rabbit whole, scarco winking either more than human being over largo mud oyster. Two flying squirrels adorn this entrance, one on cither Bide ; a stag's head from 44 our moun tains " juxtaposed with ram's head with four horns, and dingo skin (complete). Within the house onco more somo fine white cockatoos call up a mountain talc— a true experience— of how near AVarburton one summer day ouc naturalist drove on, and saw a cockatoo como Railing towards him and raised his gun to Are ; but still the bird came straight to wards him, and to his astonishment lit on the cart, with the request, 4 4 give cocky a bib of bread." Tho cool demand was satisfied, but not tho curiosity of the visitor, who walked all over the vehicle and 44 took stock " of every thing, ere sailing far away. "I lmdn't heart to Hlioot him," said his would-be murderer; and who can wonder? Of parrot kind there nro uncounted specimens, rosclla, lorikeet, blue mountain, grass and other, from unnumbered b pots, somo pofed lis living, others merely stuffed. Of pigeons, too, a store, from bronzcwlng to tho tiny dove, and other birds in full sufficiency to fill such box as orni thologist might long for — holding hundreds. Somo rarities arc there, yet many a common form. Amongst the former is a small nightjar from Mulgravc, mado yet moro valuable by difficulty in getting. 44 First into ono hole, then another, this ono went. I waited patiently, and had at last to got him on tho wing," So runs his record. Then there arc eggs — how many one may know not. lira case they lie, from emu's to tho tiniest tits ; from pure white pval to tho olive shell of tern, whereon strango characters are writ, of Hebrew typo or Sanscrit surely. The heron's pale blue egg has warmly tinted ones of Meliphagiduo for complement, and thoso of wee smicrornis, smallest periiaps from all Australian birds. I come at awkward timo to sco this clutch, in fact, to view tho whole, since some arc being packed before removal. Tho butterflies are not, however, and . gorgeous show they make, with bcetlo rivals ; 44 Parkcslaml " and where bananas grow, each represented strongly by Papilio and his train. As foil to inseot glory and bright hues of birds come trea sures of the deep ; ravo shells from southern coasts, New Guinea and tho isles. One Papuan, one that at a glanco would seem no monument- of nature's skill, but, rather somo deft potter's work, so like white china is its texture. A group of giant spirals show what size land snails attain in favored climes, rare 44 heavy weights," the slimy ones which furnished them. King's Island 44 mutton fish " wake interest for ocean wave and all that therein is; and fossils link ono to an ancient world. Whence came tho latter? Far up Yarra's stream. "Anyono de sirous of making a collection should go there. It is impossible to go wrong. In one place I could show, in half an hour as many fossil oysters, other shells as well, could bo obtained as would satisfy anyone. There are the fossil seaweeds and their fruit, and fins and scales of fish. A .perfect fish I never got." So says our host; then calls attention to a box of sponges, lament ing whilst ho draws them forth tho 44 bag of beauties" lost by him cro leaving that depen- . dency of Tasmania which ho once 'helped explore. From that Bamo island camo theso treasured ones, fan and fungus, cup and ovate and that other form with name to boyhood dear; though why Robinson Crusoe should havo a special form of spongo is not mado manifest. But with admiring glance at theso 44 fibrous skeletons of compound animals," when growing clothed with living sarcode, and when dead destined, if fine enough, to press perchance somo lovely face— of all things wonderful ono of tho most interesting— ono has to turn away. For things of life aro yet to see, ono in par ticular, an instanco of strango "mcss- matcship," in which a curlew (stone plover moro correctly) has so great friendship for a dog that lie will never leave him willingly ; will catch his fleas, standing the while upon him on ono leg ; watch all his movements, sleep upon 1iim, and if parted from him mourn dejectedly Last toucli of all, ho recently, when doggio has gone out, sails overhead, and, losing sight of liim, 44 rairs for his sake." Of this strango match what consequences may como, Timo holds as yet the key. Two silver gulls look on knost placidly at this strange pair. They in duo season mado a sort of nest, but if they laid, tho eggs were soon destroyed. Much moro remaius, but time is wanting to examine it. So ono comes away, regarding all as but exemplification of truth often told 44 "Where love is there is no labor, and if there bo labor, tho labor is loved." What effort was put forth to havo and hold these many objects — the months in bush, tho days at home — brought with it toiU's reward, and but en hances moro the satisfaction Richard Chandler feels in contemplation of his varied hoard. 