La Mulette. ANNO 1814. BY W. CLARK RUSSELL. t couldn't Have guessed what weight them ra Itt this ocean swell till I felt the vofanm oF it from the low seat of the fcMp's quarter-buat. Tlic iftifcy looked to lie rolling on it as heavily again as she seeemed to Have been when I was on her deck, ahtt the beat nf her canvas against ihe mast rang in volleys through the air !•■& the explosion of batteries up there. The wreck came and went as we sank and nand, and I caught the second mate eye ing her somewhat anxiously as though theorizing to himself upon tho safest dodge to board her. She was further off than I should have deemed possible, so deceptive is distance at sea, and though the hve seamen pulled cheerily the job of measuring the interval between the two craft, what with the Voluminous heave of the swell running? at us, and what with the roasting sunshine that lay like a sense of par»)r«is in the backbone, proved very tedious to my impatience to come at the hulk and explore her. As we swept round under her stern, supposing that her starboard side would be clear of wreckage, I glanced at the Buby and saw that they were clewing up her royals, ami hauling down her flying jib with hands on the crossjack-yard rolling the sail up. There were spars and a litter of trailing gear on either side the hulk; every roll was a spiteful snapping at the ropes with a drag of the floating sticks which some times made the water foam. "We mast board her astern," said the mate, "and stand by for a handsome dip of the counter." Our approach was very cautious; in deed it was necessary to manoeuvre very gingerly indeed. We got on to the quarter and watching his chance the bow oarsman cleverly sprang through the crushed rail as the deck buoyantly swang down to the heave of the boat carrying the end of the painter with him; the mate followed, and I after a tolerably lonsr interval, wanting perhaps the nerve and certainly tlic practised limbs of tho Bailors. In truth I may as well say here that I should have stuck to tlic boat and waited for the mate's report but for the dislike of being langhed at when I returned. I very well knew I should not 1« spared, least of all by those amongst the passengers who would have forfeited fifty pounds rather than have quitted the ship. The hull had a desperately wrecked look inboards with the mess of ropes, staves, jagged ends, crushed mils, rents manifesting the fury of the hurricane. I swept a glance along in expectation of beholding a dead body, or, if you will, some scarcely living though yet breathing man ; but nothing of the kind was to be seen. The mate hung his head over the companion hatch from which the cover liad been dean razed and peered down, then shouted and listened. But no other sound followed than the long moan and huge washing sob of the swell brimming to the wash-streak with a dim sort of choking gurgling noise as of water stream ing from dido to side in tlic hold. " Hardly worth while exploring tlioso moist bowels, 1 think, sir," said the mate. "Oil, yes," said 1, " if we don't take a peep under deck what will there bo to tell.' This is a quest of the ladies' making, remember, and it must be a complete thins, or * stand by,' as you sailors say." " Right you are, sir," said he, " and so here goes," and with that he put his foot upon the companion-ladder and dropped into the cabin. I followed at his heels, and both of us came to a stand at the bottom of the steps whilst we stared round. There was plenty of light to see by streaming down through the skylight aperture and the hatch. Tho cabin was a plain snuff-coloured room, with a few sleeping-berths running for ward, a rough table somewhat hacked and cut about as if with the slicing of tobacco, a row of lockers on either hand, a stand of firearms right aft, and some twenty cutlasses curiously stowed in a sort of brackets under the ceiling or upper deck. Hot as it was above, the cabin struck chill as though it were an old well. In deed, you saw that it had been soused over and over again by the seas which had swept the vessel, and there was a briny, seaweedy flavour in the atmosphere of it that made you think of a cave deep down in a sca-frunting cliff. We looked into the sleeping- births, going forward to where a movable bulkhead stopped the raid. It was not easy to walk ; the in creasing weight of the swell was defined by the heavy, though comparatively buoyant, rolling of the hull. The deck went in s'opes like the roof of a house from side to side, with now and again an ugly jerk that more than once came near to throwing me, when a sudden yawn forced tho dismasted fabric into a swift recovery. "There's nobody aft here, nnyway," said the mate; "no use troubling our selves to look for her papers, I think, sir." "No; but this is only me end of the ship," I answered. " There may be a discovery to make forward. Can't we unship that bulkhead there, and bo get into tho 'twecn-decks !" We laid hold of tiie frutae, and after peering a bit, for this part of tho cabin lay in gloom, we found thnt it stood in grooves, and without much trouble we slided it open, and the interior, to as far as n bulkhead thnt walled off a bit of forecastle, lay clear before us in the day light shining through the main hatch. TTcrc were a number of hammocks dangling from the deck, and some score or more of seamen's chests and bags in heaps, some of them split open, with quantities of rough wearing appirel scattered about, insomuch that I never could have imagined a scene of wilder disorder, nor ono moro suggestive of hurry, and panical consternation, and delirious headlong behaviour. " Nobody here, sir," said the mate. "No," I answered, "I suppose her people left her in their boats, and that one of the wretches who were forced to remain behind wrote the letter we re ceived the other night." "At sea," said the mate, " there is no imagining how matters come about. I allow that the three men have been taken off by some passing vessel. Anyway we've done our bit, and the capt'n, I expect, 11 be waiting for us. Thunder! how she rolls," he cried, as a very heavy lurch sent us both reeling towards the side of the craft. " Hark!" cried I," we are hailed from the deck." "Below there!" shouted a voice in tho companion-hatch. " They've fired a gun aboard the Indiaman, sir, and have run the ensign up half-masted. The weather looks mighty queer, sir." "Ha!" cried the mate, "come along, Mr. Catesby." We walked cautiously and with diffi culty aft, gained the companion- ladder and ascended. Bly instant glance went to the Buby. She had furled her main sail and fore and imzen top-gallant sails, hauled down her lighter staystails and big standing jib, and as I glanced at her a gun winked in a quarter-deck port, and the small thunder of it rolled sulkily up against tho wind. In fact, whilst we were below, the breeze had chopped clean round, and the Ruby was to leeward of the wreck, witt a very heavy swell rolling along its former course, the wind dead tho other way, beginning to whiten the ridges on each hu;e round-backed fold, and a white thickness—a flying squall of vapour it looked to me, with a seething and creaming line of water along the baso of it as though it was something solid that was coming along—sweeping within half-a-mOe of the wreck right down upon us. The mate sent a look at it and uttered a cry. "Haul Uie boat alongside" he shouted to the fellow in her; " handsomely now, lads. Stand by to jump into her," he cried to the seaman who had been the first to spring on board the wreck with the end of the line. They brought the boat humming and buzzing to the counter; the sailor stand ing on the taffrail plumped into her liko a cannon-shot; 'twas wonderful ho didn't scuttle her. The mate whipping the painter off the pin, or whatever it was that it had been belayed to, held it by a turn whilst he bawled to me to watch my chance and jump. But the wreck lying dead in the trough was rolling in a quite frenzied way, like a see-saw desperately worked. Her movements, combined with the soaring and falling of the lxwt, were absolutely confounding. I would gather myseif together for a spring, and then, before I could make it, the boat was sliding, as it might seem to me, twenty or thirty feet deep and away. "Jump, for God's sake, sir," cried tlic mate. "I don't mean to break my neck," I answered, irritable with the nervous flurry that had come to me with a sudden abominable sense of incapacity and help lessness. As I spoke the words, sweep ! came the white smother off the sea over us with a spitefull yell of wind of a weight tliat smote the cheek a blow which might have forced the strongest to turn his kick. The hUsing, and seething, and crackling of the spume of the first of the squall was all about us in a breath, and in the beat of a heart too tho Hutnj and the ocean all her way vanished in the wild and terrifying eclipse of the thick, silvery, howling, steam-like mist. "By , I have done it now!" cried the mate. The cud of the paintor had been dragged from hi« hand or ho had let it fall I And the wind eitchiiig the boat blew her over the swell like the shadow of a cloud. The seamen threw their oars over and headed for us, their faces palo as those of madmen. "They'll never stem this weather," cried the mate, " follow me, Mr. Catesby, or we are dead men !" He tore off his coat, kicked off his boots and went overboard without another word. Follow him ! To the bottom, indeed ! but nowhere else, for I could not swim a stroke. But that was not quite it. Had I liad my senses I might have grasped the first piece of wreckage I could put my hand U|»un and gone after him with it to paddle and hold on till I was picked up. lint all (his business coming u|xiii us so suddenly, aloii.^ with the fiudileu blinding of nio by tho vapour, tho diatracting'ycllin? of tho wind and Uie sickening bewilderment caused by tho wreck's violent rolling, seemed to have driven all my wits clear out of my head. The boat was scarcely moro than a smudge in the thickness, vanishing and showing as she swept up and rushed down the liquid acclivities, held with her bow towards the hulk by the desperately plied airs of the rowers. The mate was borne down rapidly towards her. 1 could just see three of the sailors leaning over the side to drag him out of Uie water; tho next instant the little fabric had vanished in tho thickness, helplessly and with horrible rapidity blown out of sight tho moment the men ceased rowing to rescue their officer. I do not know how long all this may have occupied; a few minutes maybe sufficed for the whole of Uie tragic passage. I stood staring and staring, incredulous of Uie truth of what had be fallen me, and then with an inexpressible sickness of heart I flung myself down upon the deck under the lee of a litUc snaco of bulwark, too dizzy and weak with Uie horror that possessed me to maintain my footing on that wildly sway ing platform. I had met in my travels with but one specimen of such weather as this, it was off tho Cape of Good Hopo to the west wa«l; the ship was under topmast and topgallant studdingsails, whon without an interval of so much as twenty seconds of calm sho was taken right aback by a wind that came with the temper of half a gale in it, whilst as if by magic a fog white and denso as wool was boiling and shrieking all about her. For some time my consternation was so heavy that I sat mechanically staring into tliat part of the thickness whore tho boat had disappeared, without giving the least heed to the sea or to the wreck. It was then blowing in earnest, the ocean still densely shrouded with flying vapour, and an ugly bit of a «ea racing over tho swell that rolled its volumes to windward. A smart shock and fall of water on to tho forecastle startled me into sudden percep tion of a real and imminent <l,v<ger. The fore scuttle was closed, hut. the main and companion hatchways yawned opened to the weather; there were no bulwarks worth talking of to increase Uio wreck's height of side, and to hinder tho free tumbling of the sur^e on to the decks, so if the wind increased and the sea £rew heavier, the hulk must inevitably fill and go down like a thunderbolt! It would l>e idlo to try to express tho thoughts which filled me. I was like ono stunned : now casting an eyo at tho sea to observe if the billows were increasing, now with a heart of lead watching the water frothing ujkiii the deck, as the hull heaved from one side to another; then straining my sight with a mad passion of eagerness into the vapour that shut off all view of the ocean to within a cable's length of me. There was nothing to l>e done. Even could I have met with tar- IKiulins, tlieru was no sailor's skill in me to spread and secure them over the open hatches. However, when an hour liad passed in this way, 11< 'ok notice of a small failure in the wind, though there was no lightening of the impenetrable mist. The folds of the swell had diminisOied, and the sea was running steadily ; the hull with her broadside dead on lore and fell with regularity, and though at long intervals the surge struck her bow, and blew in crystals over tho head, or fell in scores of bucketfulls upon the deck, nothing more than spray wetted the after part of her. It was now about six o'clock in the even ing. In two hours' time the night would have como down, and if the weather did not clear, the blackness would be that of tho tomb. What would tho Jiubij do? Remain hove-to, and wait for moonlight or for daybreak to seek for mo 1 A frag ment of comfort I found in remembering that tho wreck's position would be known to Captain Bow and his mates, so that their search for me, if they searched at all, ought not to prove fruitless ; though to bo sure much would depend upon the drift of the hulk. Presently, fearing that thare might be no water or provisions on l.oml, I was seized with a sudden thirst, bred by tho mere apprehension Uiat I might come to want a drink. There was still light enough to enable me to search the interior, and now I suppose something of my manhood must have returned to me, for 1 nude up my mind to waste no mo ment of Uie precious remaining time of day in imaginations of horror and of death and in dreams of desperate despondency. 1 went on my hands and knees to the hatch, lest if I stood up I should be knocked down by tho abrupt rolling of the craft, and entered tho cabin. On deck all was naked and sea swept from the taffrail to the " eyes," and if there were ought of drink or of food to be had it must be sought below. I recollected that one of the forward berths or cabin* which the second mate and I had looked into had shown in the gloom as a tort of pantry ; that iB to say, in peering over my companion's shoulders, I had caught a glimpse of crockery on shelves, Uie out lines of jars, and so forth. But the in spection liad been very swift, scarce more than a glance. 1 mado for this cabin now, very well remembering that it was tho last of a row of three or four on the star board side. I opened this door, and secured it by its hook to tho bulkhead that I lni^ht sec, and after rummaging a little I found a cask of ship's bread, a small cask (like * harness cask) a quarter full of raw pickled pork, a jar of vinegar, two largo jars of red wine, and, best of all, a small barrel about half full of fresh water, slung against tho bulkhead, with a littlo wooden tap fixed in it, for tho con venience as I supposed of drawing for cabin use. There were other articles of of food such as floor, pickles, dried fruit, and so on ; tho catalogue would be tedious, nor docs my memory carry them. I poured some wine into a tin pannikin, and found it very palatable, sound clarot. I mixed mo a draught with cold water, and ale a biscuit with a little slice of some kind of salt sausage, of which there lay a lump in a dish, and found myself extraordinarily refreshed. I cannot tell you indeed how comforted I was by this discovery of pro visions and fresh water, for now 1 guessed that if the weather did not drown the wreck, I might be ablo to support life on board of her until tho Ruby took me off, which I counted upon happening that night if the moon shone, or most certainly next morning at latest. My heart how ever sank afresh when I regained the deck. The sudden change from the life, the cheerfulness, the security of tho Indiaman, to (hit —"oh, my God ! my God !" I re member exclaiming as I sank down under the lee of tho fragment of bulwark, with a wild look around into the thickness and along the sprny-darkeucd planks of the hoaving and groaning derelict. The lone liness of it 1 no sounds saving the dismal crying of the wind sweeping on high through the atmosphere, and the ceaseless seething and hissing of the dark green frothing seas, swiftly chasing ono another out of sight past the wall of vapour that circled tho wreck, with tho blank and blinding mist itself to tighten as with a sensible ligature into unbearable concen tration the dreadful sense of solitude in my soul. Slowly tho wind softened down, very gradually the seas sank, and their worrying note of snarling melted into a gentler tono of fountain-like creaming. But tho vapour still filled the air, and so thick did it hang tliat, though by my watch 1 knew it to be the hour of sundown, I was unable to detect the least tinge of hectic anywhere, no faintest revelation of the fiery scarlet light which 1 knew must be suffusing the clear heavens down to the easternmost confines above this maddening blindness of mist. Then camo tho blackness of the night. So unspeakably deep a dye it was that you would have thought every, luminary abovo had been extinguished, and that the earth hung motionless in the sunless opacity of chaos out of which it had been called into being. The hours passed. I held my seat on the deck with my back against a bulwark stanchion. It was a warm night with a character as of the heat of steam owing tv the moisture that loaded and thickened the atmosphere. Sometimes I dozed, repeatedly starting from a snatch of uneasy slumber to open my eyes with ever recurring horror and astonishment upon the blackness. Gleams of the sea-fire shot out fitfully at times from the sides of the wreck, and there was nothing elso for the sight to rest upon. At midnight it was blowing a small breeze of wind and the sea running gently—at midnight I mean as I could best reckon ; but the darkness remained unchanged, and I might know that the fog was still thick about me by no dim mest spectre of moon or star showing. I then slept, and soundly too, for two or three hours, and when I awoke it was daylight, the sea clear to the horizon, the sky a soft liquid blue with masses of white vaporous cloud hanging under it like giant burst* of steam, and the sun shining with a tort of misty splendour some degree or two above the sea-line. There was a pleasant air blowing out of the north, with power to wrinkle the water and no more. My limbs wero so cramped that for a long whilo I was incapable of rising; whon at hut my legs had recovered their power I stood erect and swept the ocean with my eyes. But the light blue surface went in undulations naked to the, bend of the heavens on all sides. I looked and looked again, but to no purpose.. I strained my sight till an intolerable torment in my eyeballs forced me to dose my lids. Thero was nothing in view. I very well remomber falling on my knees and grovelling upon the deck in the anguish of my spirit. I had so surely counted on daylight exhibiting the Hub'i somewhere within the circle which enclosed mo that tho disappoint ment that camo but of the bald vacancy of the ocean struck me down like a blow from a hammer. Presently I lifted up my head and regained my feet, and feel ing thirsty moved with a tread of lead to the yawning hatch, sending the most passionate yearning glances seaward as I walked, and halting again and again to the vision of some imagination of break in the continuity of the gleaming girdle some delicate shoulder of reraoto cloud, some imaginary speck which dissolved upon the blue air whilst my gaze was on it. I mixed some wine and water, and made a light repast off somo biscuit and a piece of Dutch chcuso that was on thu shelf. I then thought I would look into the cabins for a clinir to sit upon on deck, for n mattress to lie upon, for something also that might make mo a little awning, and pushed open tho door of the berth immediately facing tho pantry as I may call it. The wreck was rolling %'cry lightly, and her decks were now as easy of stepping as tho Tndiaman's. This berth contained a bunk and bedding, a sailor's chest, some clothes hanging against the bulkhead, but nothing to serve my turn. Tho next was similarly furnished saving that here I took notice that a small quantity of wearing apparel lay about as though scattered in a hurry, and that the lid of a great box painted a dark green with the letter D in white upon it had been split open as though the contents were to be rifled, or as though the lock had resisted and there had been no timo to coax it save by a chopper. I passed into a third cabin. This had some comfort of equipment in the shape of shelves and a chest of drawers, and had doubtless been tho commander's. There was a very handsome telescope on brackets, a few books, a quadrant, a largo silver timepicco, a small compass and one or two other matters of a like sort upon a little table fitted by hinges in a corner, there wore tlirco chests in a row with a litter of boots and shoes, a soft hat or two, a largo handsomo cloak costly with fur, and so forth, strewed about tho deck. I was looking with gome wonder at these articles when my eye was taken by something bright near the smallest of tho three chests. I picked it up; it was an English sovereign. Others lay about as though a handful had been clutched and dropped—here being tho same manifesta tions of terrified hurry as, it seemed to mo, I witnessed in the other cabins. Tho lid of the small chest was split in halves, and tho chopper that had seemingly been wielded rested against tho side of the box. A massivo padlock was still in the staples. I lifted the half of the lid and was greatly astoniihed by tho sight of a quantity of gold jiieccs lying in divisions of a tray Uiat tittcd the upper part of the chest. Each division contained coins of various tations. They wore all gold pieces—English, Portuguese, Bra zilian and coins oi the United States. I prized open the padlock part of tho lid and seized the tray to lift it that I might observe what lay underneath. But the weight of gold in it was so great that I had to exert my utmost strength to raise one end of tho tray on to the edgo of tho box; which done, I was able to slide it along till tho bottom of the box was revealed. The sight of the gold had filled me with expectations of beholding some amazing treasure under tho tray. What I there saw was i heap of rough brick shaped stuff of a dull, rusty reddish tint. I gnuped a lump, and, though I had never seen gold in that form before, I was satisfied, by the extraordinary weight of the piece I held, that all those coarse, rough, dull- coloured bricks were of tho most precious of metals. I slided tho tray back to its place and let fall the two halves of tho lid, with another look around mo for any article that might be useful to mo on deck. The excite ment kindled by the spectacle of tho gold rapidlj died away. I dully mused on it, so to speak, whilst my eye roamed, languidly speculating about it, with a strange indifference in my thoughts, con cluding that it represented the privateers man's sorted plunder; that in all likcli- hood, when tlio rush had been mode to the boats, ono or more had split open this chest to fill their pockets, but had been obliged to fly for their lives ere they could find time for more than a scrambling clutch at the' tray. But it was the con tents, no doubt, of this chest—if, indeed, this chest held all tho treasure of the buccaneer — that was indicated by tho writer of the letter in the concluding line of it, tho closing words of which had been found illegible by the young fellow who translated the missive. I put tho telescope under my arm and passed into tho cabin, and found a small chair near the arms- rack, and near it, upon tho deck, lay n great cotton um brella, grimy and wet with the saturation of the cabin. I took it up thankfully, nnd carried it with the chair up the ste]*. There was a great plenty of ropes-ends knocking about. I cut a piece and unlaid the strands, and, securing the umbrella to a stanchion, sat down on the chair under it; and, indeed, without some such shelter the deck would havo been insup portable, for, low as the sun still was in tho east, his fires wero already roasting, and I well knew what sort of tempera ture was to be expected as he floated higher, leaving my form with a small blotch of southern shadow only attached to it. I passed the morning in sweeping the horizon with the telescope. It wnx a noble glass—a pieco of plunder, with an inscription that represented it as a gift from the ollicers of a vessel to her com luandcr; I forget tho names, but recollect they were English. Tho placidity of tho day dreadfully disheartened me. There, was but littlo weight in tho languid air to hcavo tho llub'j or any other vessel into view. Tliu sea under thu sun was like brand new tin for the dazzle of it, and as tho morning advanced tho heavy vapourous clouds of daybreak melted out into curls and wisps liko to the crescent moon, with a clear sky rising a pale blue from the horizon to overhead to where it swam into the brassy glory which flooded the central heavens. Weary of sitting and exhausted by looking, I put down the glass and went to tho main hatch with the idea of making out wliat water there was in the hold. The pumps wcro gono, and the wells of them sank like black shaftß under the deck. But whatever there wan of water in tho hulk lay so low that I could not.catch bo much as a gleam of it. There was somo light cargo in tho hold—light, as I reckoned by tho sit of the wreck upon tho water— chiefly white wooden cases, with here and there canvas lralcs; but whatever might have been the commodities, there was not much of them, at least amidships, down into which I stood peering. I then walked on to tho forecastle and lifted tho hatch-cover. This interior looked to have been used by tho people of La Muhtte as a sort of sail-locker. Tho bulkhead extended but a very short distance abaft tho hatch, and the deck was stowed with rolls of sails, coils of spare rigging, hawsers, tacklos, and »o forth. I put my head into the aperture and took a long and careful survey of the interior, for the inato and I had not explored this part of the brig, and it was possible. I thought, 1 might find the bodies of tho three survivors here. But them was nothing whatever to be wit nessed in that way; bo I closed the hatch again and went aft. The day passed, tho light breezo lin gered, but it brought nothing into sight. I would think, as 1 sent my glance along tho naked, sea-swept, desolate deck, gaunt and skeleton-like, with its ragged exhibi tion of splintered plank and crushed bulwark, that had thero been a mast left in the hull I might from the summit of it be able to ace tho Ruby, whose top most cloths lay sunk behind the horizon to tho eyes which I levelled from the low sido of the wreck. " Oh!" I would cry aloud, " if I could but be sure that she was near mo, though hidden!" Madden ing as the expectation might have been which tho sight of her afar would have raised in me, yet tho mcro having her in viow, no matter how dim, deceptive a speck she proved, would havo taken a deal of the bitterness, the heart-subduinc feeling of hopelessness out of the wild and awful sense of desolation that pos sessed me. Tho sun sank ; with the telescope trem bling in my hands I made a slow, painful circle of the ocean whilst tho western mag nificence lay "ljion it, and then let fall the glass and fell into tho chair, and with bowed head and tightly-folded arms, and eyes closed to mitigate by the sliadowing of the lids the anguish ot tho fires which despair had kindled in them—for my heart was parched, no relief of tears came to me—l waited for the darkness of a second night to settle down upon tho wreck. But on this day the gloom fell with the brilliance of stars, and somo timo after eight the moon rose, a moist, purple shield, at whose coming the light draught of wind- died out and the ocean flattened into a breathless polished surface. When presently the moon had Boared and whitened, the sea looked as wido again as it was to the showering of her light brim ming tho atmosphere with a delicate silver haze; indeed there went a shadowing round about its confines to the shaft of moonlight on the water that made it seem hollow where the wreck lay, and it was like floating in the vastness of tho firma ment that Dent over it to glance over the side of the hull and see the mirror-like breast studded with reflections of the larger stars, and to follow the shadow of tho deep, curled at the extremities as it seemed, to the tropic astral dust that twinkled there like dew trembling to the breath of a summer night wind. 1 had brought up some blankets from below and these I made a kind of mattress of under the shelter of the umbrella. It was about ten o'clock I think when I threw myself down upon them. A pleasant breeze was then blowing directly along the wake of moonlight, and tho water wan rippling like the murmurs of a fountain against the Bides of the pale, silent, gently rolling hull. I lay awake for a long time listening to this cool, refreshing, tinkling sound of running ripples, with a mind somewhat weakened by my distress. In deed, many thoughts wearing a complexion of delirum passed through my head with several phantasies which must havo frightened me as a menace of madness had my wits been equal to the significance of them. For example, I can recall seeing, as I believe, the Ruby floating up towards tho wreck out of the western gloom, luminous as .1 snow-clad iceberg, with the soft splendour of tho moonshine on her canvas; I recollect this, I say, and that I laughed quietly to the thought of her approach, as though I would ridicule my self for tho fears which had been upon me throughout the day; then of jumping up in a sudden transmit and passion of de light ; when tho vision instantly vanished, whereupon a violent tit of trembling seized mo, and I sank down ayain u\«m the blankets groaning. But the agitation did not linger; some fresh deception of the brain would occur and win my attention to it. This went on till I fell to sleep. Mcanwhilo the breeze continued to blow steadily, and the rippling of water along the bends was like the sound of the falling of large raindrops. I awoke, and turning my head towards the forepart of the wreck, I spied tho figuro of a man erect and motionless on the forecastle. The moon was low in the west; I might guess by her position that daybreak was not far off. By her rod light I saw tho man. I sat erect and swept a glance round ; there was no ship near me, no smudge, upon tho gloom to indicate a vessel at a distance. Father of heaven! I thought, what it it? Could yonder shadowy form be one of tho three sailors who had been left on the wreck ? Surely 1 had closely searched tho hull; there was nothing living aboard of her but myself. Tho sweat-drops broke from my brow as I sat motionless with my eyes fixed upon the figuro that showed with an inexpressible ghostlincss of outline in tho waning moonlight. On a sudden there arose another figuro alongside of him, seemingly out of tho hard planks of tho deck, then a third; and there the three of them stood apparently gazing intently aft at me, but without a stir in their frames, that I could witness. Three of them 1 I rose to my feet and essayed to speak, but could deliver no more titan a whisper. I tried again, and this time my voice sounded. " In the name of God, who, and what are you?" "Hal" cried one of them. He said something to his companions, in words which were unintelligible) to me, then approached, followed by the others, all three of them moving slowly, with a wavering gait as though giddy. "Som drink for Christu's sake!" said the man who had cried Ha 1 pointing his finger at his mouth, .and speaking in a tone that made one think of his throat as something rough, like a file. By this time it was clear to me they were no ghosts. I imagined them negroes, so dark their faces looked in tho dim west rays and failing starlight. Whence they had sprung, in what manner they had arrived, I could not imagine ; but it was not for me to stand speculating about them in tho face of the husky appeal for drink. There was a pared of candles in the pantry—as I term it. - . I had a flint and steel in my pocket, and followed by the men, I led the way below, bidding them stand a while till I obtained a light; and after groping and feeling about with my hands, I found the paper of candles, lighted one, and then called to the men. They arrived. I pointed to the jars, saying in English, there, was wine in them; and then to the slung cask of water, and then to tho food on the shelves. They instantly grasped each one of them a pannikin, and mixed a full draught and swallowed it, with a strange trembling sigh of relief and delight. They then fell upon the biscuit and sausago, eating like famished wolves, both fists full, and cramming their mouths. They were not very much more distin guishable by the feeble light of the candle than on deck ; however, I was able to see they were not blacks. The man who had addressed me was of a deep Chinese yellow, with lineament* of an African pattern, a wide flat nose, huge. lips, eyes like little shells of polished ebony glued on porcelain. His hair was the negro's, black wiry wool. He wore a short moustache, tho fibres like the teeth of a comb, and there was a tuft of black wool upon his chin. Small gold earrings, a greasy old Scotch cap, a shirt like a dun garco jumper, and loose trousers thrust into a pair of half Wellingtons, com pleted the attire of the ugliest, most villainous- looking creature I had over set eyes. on. His companions wore long haired, chocolate-browed Portuguese, or Spaniards— Dagos as the sailors call them; I noticed a small gold crucifix sparkling upon tho mossy breast of one of them. Their fcot were naked, indeed their attire consisted of no more than a pair of duck or canvas breeches, and an open shirt, and a cap. They continued to feed heartily, and several times helped them selves to the wine, though before doing so, the yellow-faced man would regularly point to the jar with a nod, as though asking leave. "You Englis, sah?" ho exclaimed, when he had mado an end of eating. I said yes. "How long you been hear, sail?" I told him. He understood mo per fectly, though I spoke at length, relating in fact my adventure. I then inquired who he and his companions were, and his story was to the following effect: That ho was the boatswain, and the other two able seamen of a Portuguese ship called the Mary Joseph, bound to Singapore or to some Malay port. The vessel had been set on fire by ono of tho crew, an Englishman, who was skulking drunkenly below after broaching a cask of rum. They had three boats which they hoisted out; most of tho pcoplo got away in tho long boat, six men were in the second boat, he and his two comrades gut into tho jolly boat. They had with them four bottles of water, and a small bag of ship's bread, and nothing more. They parted company with the other boats in tho nigl.t, and had been four days adrift, sail ing northwards by the sun as they reckoned, under a bit of a lug, and keep ing an eager look-out though they sighted nothing; until a little before sundown that evening, they spied the speck of this wreck, and made for it, but so scant was tho wind and so weak their arms, that it had Uken them nearly all night to mea sure the distance, which would bo a few miles only. Thoy got their boat under the bow—she was lying there now, he said—and stepped on board one after the other. This explained to mo their appari tion. Of course I had not seen the boat or heard her as sho approached, and to mo lying aft, tho three men rising over tho bows looked as though liko ghostly essences they had shaped themselves on tho forecastle out through the solid plank. I addressed the others, but the yellow man told mo that their language was a jargon of base Portuguese, of which 1 should be able to understand no more than here and there a word, even though I had been bred and educated in Lisbon. "We mosh sco to dah boat," he ex claimed, and spoke to his mates, ap parently to that effect. (To be continued.) Wbosobvbr would be sustained by the hand of God, let him constantly lean upon it; whosoever would be defended by it, let him patiently repose himself under it Everything yields before the strong and earnest will. It grows by exercise. Diffi culties before which mere cleverness fails, and which leave the irresolute prostrate and helpless, vanish away before it. None are so fond of secrets as those who <U> not mean to keep them; such j>ersonB covet secrets as s-pendthrifts covet money, for the purpose of circulation. "FOLLOW ME, MT.. CATESBY, OK WB AUK DEAD Mr.*! 1' " I UrTED HIE HALT OF THE US ASD WAS GREATLY ASTONISHED BY THE SIOHT OF A QUAKTITY OF COLD MECEB." 