Tie IngoMy Legends. ST TB0KA8 XNGOLDSBT, ESQ. the BlAOEteOnSQnSTAIHE— umtixifdM M bpEav®- « lfiecS ssye,' Bemorse for iomptsGon to which yon have yielded, is A shadow yon can't sell as Peter SoblemQ did his; It haunts yon for over— In bed and at board- Ay, e'en in your dreams, And you can't find, it seems, Any proof that a guilty man ever yet snored ! It is much if he slumbers at all, which but few— ' ' jFraufois Xavier Augusts was an iustsnoa — can do. Indeed, from the rime He committed the crime TOrich cut off poor sister Thereee in her prime, ftp wr not the aamh man that ha bs4 been— iua plan Was quite changed— in wild lreaks.he .no more led the van ; He'd scArce sleep a wirit in , A week ; but sit thinking. From company shrinking— He quite gave up drinking At the men-table, too, where now seldom he FUh. fricattee, frtcandeau, potapt, or game, Dindon avx trvjfk «, or ntrhf d la crime, No 1— he still riiook his head,— it was always the same, Still he never complained that the oook was to blame j Twas his appetite fail'd him — no matter how rare And nxhcrchi the dish, how delicious the fibre,— What he ueed to like best be no. longer could hear ; But he'd sit there and stare With an air of despair; Took no care but would wear Boots that wanted repair ; Such a ebirt too ! you'd think he'd no linen to spare. He omitted to shave; be neglected his hair, And look'd more like a Guy than a gay Houc- quetaire. One thing, above all, moat excited remark ; Jn the evening be seldom sat long after dark. Not that then, as of yon, he'd go out for " a laric " With his friends ; but when they, After taking cafi. Would have broiled bones and kidneys brought in on a trey. — Which I own I consider a very good way, If a man's not dyepeptic, to wind up the. day- No pereuasion on earth oould induce him to "stay ; But he'd take up his candlestick, just nod his head. By way of " Good evening 1 " and walk off to bid. Yet even when there he teamed no better off, For he'd wheeze, and he'd sneeze, and lie'd hem J and he'd cough. And they'd hear him all night, Sometimes sobbing outright, peep, Declared that "his master was never asleep I But would sigh, and would groan, slap hi forehead, and weep ; That a bunt ten el clock H» doer he would lock, And iheu never would open it, let who would knock 1— He had heard him," he said, 41 Sometimes jump out of bed, And talk as if speaking to one who was dead ! He'd groan, and he'd moan, In so piteous a tone, Begging some one or other to let him alone.. That it really would ;soften the heart of a atone To hear him exclaim so and call upon Heaven. Then— the bother began always just at detent" Francois Xavier Auguate, as I've told you before, I believe was a popular man in his carpi, And bis comrades, not one Of whom kof w of the Nan, Now began to consult what was best to be done. Count Cordes Bleu And the Sieur de la Bone Cobfess'd they did not know at all what to do : Bnt the Chevalier Hippolyte Sector Acbille Alphocse Stanislaus Smile de Grendville jCade a fervent appeal To the zeal they must feel For their friend, ao distinguished an officer's weaL II The first thing," he said, was to find out the matter That bored their poor friend ao, and caused all j-hta detter— Jfhrt de ma met " — Here he took some rappee— 11 Be (he os use what it may, he shall tell it to me!" He was right, sure enough — iu k couple of days He wuruu oat the whole story ct Sister Thercee, Nowto,mbVd,po6r deariml ! insotne Dutch v " — Bat Zhe worst thing of all," Fran?uis /Xarivdechrea, "Is, whenever Tve taken my candle tip stairs. There's Theresa sitting there— upon one of those chairs 1 Such a frown, too, she wears, and so fright- l fully glares, That I'm really prevented from eaytng my pivy're, While an odour, the very reverse of per- . " fume,— Uorelike rhubarb or senna, pervades the whole room I Hector Acbille Stanislaus £<sile, When he heard him talk to felt an odd sort of feel; Not that he cared for Ghosts— he was far too genteel ; Still a qneerish sensation came on when he saw. Him, whom, for fno, They'd, by way of a pan On his person and principles nick-named Sans A man whom they had, you see, Hark'd as a6aducee, — In his horns, ali at once, ao completely to draw, And to talk of a Ghost with such manifest , awe! Afcaxritod the Chevalier GraadviUe's surprise ; Ho ehrugg'd up his shoulders, he turned up :. . hiseyeB, Ahethovght with himself that he could J j. j£Qt dolqts Tian lay the whole matter before the whole : Repetition's detestable — So as you're beat able Fwitto yourself iheeffeg at the Mess-table— ow4he bdd Brigadiers PritA'd up theor AOttorivcd tim qccount, some with fears, ,.»ipe with iq How the Bieur de la Hqua Said to Count Cordon Bleu; Ma/ptT-c'ett drofe— Honsrigneur, what , wy yon I" How Count Cordon Bleu Declared be ; 'thouglrtaotM ;'V- pwbeColwiplaffiau'driiat "the cue was 7y -quite new . i -How 4he Captains and Majors Began to < k.- '.Isj.wagmp.-.. .t . -- -, H<miar the Chort part of the story area the fe ? 'beot H.:. to do t" wfjimwmr hi, mi u>.wi_ gnffliw.iia the end. they uid, "Ifo on. jfennlta-no Ttli.&om; hii praffenoe and Sj?te»hoMH t)Mi"ifirat to reveal ; Hector Sjl9i?ptitoMfaianfl8n OnnJvliloa » '«bi;-.:8 st-.j . gMbjyjgBiiijn,,-lltae aha \--,1- . Vv.-i v- - Bkai - Mffn i ill ii illy i r Than those he had, early in lifo, found to fail, When ha strove to lay salt on some little bird's UiU In vain did he try With strong waters to ply His friend, on the ground that he never oould spy -Bnta thing as a Ghost, with a drop in his Bi. mreienr would the Tufirl1 sii|g the; &ij;£hSkJiB offeotbn a' man he's ! "funky. In vain did be strive to detain him at table Till his " dark hour" was over— he never was able, Bate once, when at HeflF, With that sort of address, Which the British call " Humbug," and the Frenchmen "Finesse" (It's " Blarney " in Irish — I don't know the Scotch,) He fell to admiring his friend's English watch.4 He examined tbe face. And the back of the caee. And the youog Lady's portrait there, dono on enamel, he 4< Saw by the likenasa was one of the family Cried 41 Svperbe l—Afagnifiqut ! " (With bis tongue in bis chetk)— Than he opened the case, just to take a peep in it, and Seized the occasion to pop baok the minute hand. With a demi-conye, and a shrug, and a grin, he Returns the 6yfiu and— e'ert une ojfaircjisw— 44 I've don« bun," thinks be, " now I'll wager a guinea ! " It happen d that day They were ell very es> "Tw as tbe Grand ifonarftte's birthday— that if, 'tw-fls St. Louis', Which in Catholic countries, of course, they would view as his — So when Hippolyte uv Him about to withdraw. tie cnea, uome— time woo i ao, my une fellow, SL Foix, — Give us five minutes longer, and drink FjYc le Jioi ! " Francois Xavier Augurte, Without any mistrust, Of the trick that was pky'd, drew bia watch , from his fob, Just glanced at tbe hour, then agreed to "hobnob," FUl'd a buujter, and rose, With "Mcuicurs, i propose — " He paused — hia bl&nch;'d lips fail'd to utter the toast. 'Twas dkren !— he thought it lulf-past ten at most— Ev'iy limb, nerve, and muscle grew stiff m a post, His jaw dropp'd— hia eyes Ewell'd to twice their own size— And he stood as a pointer would Etand — at a Ghost ! —Then shriak'd, as he fell on the floor like h atone, "Ah! Sister Therese ! now— do let me alone ! " It's amszing by sheer pereererence whit meo do, — As wster wears stone by the " Sccpe cadendo," If they stick to Lord Somebody's motto, 44 Agendo ! " Was it not Robert Bruce I — I declare I've j forgot, But J think it was Robert— you'll find it in Scott — Who, when curving Dame Fortune, was taught by a Spider, 44 She's sure to come round, if you will but abide her." Then another great Rob, Called 44 White- headed Bob," Whom 1 once mv receive such a thump on the " nob " From & fist which might almost an elephant brain, That 1 really believed, at the first, he was slain, For he lay like a log on hi6 back on the plain, Till a gentleman present accustomed to train, Drew out a smalt lancet aud opened a vein Just below his left eye, which relieving the pain. He stood up like a trump, with an air of dis dain, While bia backer " was fain— For he could not refrain — (He was drees'd in pea-green, with a pin and gold chain, Aud I think I heard somebody call him 41 Squire ffayne,") To whisper ten words one should always retain, — ' U'AKi; A SCCfk AT THE LESION AND AT Hlil ACAtK HI" A biut ne'er surpais'd, though thus spoken at raudom, Since Teptgpostrophe — Xil detpera ndttm I G"ov%!9teS«> it, and order'd his Tandem. He had rd &h; Foix say, That no veiy great way From Xamur was a song little town called Graudpre, Near which, a few miles from the ba&ke; of tbe Maeae, Dwelt a pretty twin.sisterof poor Dear Therese, Of tbe same age, of course, the same father, came mother, And as Use tu Therese as one pea to mother ; Sbe liv'd with her Mains, Haring lost her Fapa, Late of oontrahaud tchnaps an unlicensed distiller, And her name was Des Houlins (in English Miss Miller). How, though Hippolyte Heclor Gould hardly expect her To feel much regard for her aUter'a " protector, n When she'd seen him so shamefully leave and neglect her ; ' Still, he very well knew In this world there are few , But are ready much Christian forgiveness to show, For other folk's wrongs— if well paid to to do— And he'd seen to whst acts ' Jlce Angudec " compel beaux And belles whose affairs have once got out at elbows, With tbe magic effect of a handful of crowns Dpon people whose pockets boast nothing but ' browo6 : " A few franu well applied He'd no doubt Would decide Miss Agoe6 Dee Houlins to jump up and ride As far as headquarters, next day, by his side; For the distance wu nothing, to speak by oumparison. To tbe town where the Mouequetaires now fay ia garrison ; Then he thought by the aid Of a veil, and gown wade Like those worn by the lady his friend had belray'd, They might dress up Hits Agnes eo like to the SLiHde Which be landed he saw. of that poor injured inaid, Come each night, with her pale face, his guilt to upbraid ; j That if onoe introduced to his room, thus array'd, j And then uamnsk'd as good as she'd long I enough stay'd, 1 Twould be no very difficult task to persuade Him tbe whole was a scurvy trick, cleverly ploy'd, Out of spite and revenge, by a mischievous jade! With respect to the scheme— ihough I do not call that a gem— SiOl I've known soldier's adopt a worse strata- gem, And that, too, among the decided approvers Of General Sir David Dondas's "Hsucauvree." There's a proverb, however, I've always thought clever, Which my Grandmother sever was tired of repeating, "Thejttoofof Uie pudding is found in the We shall see In the sequd, how Hector Acbille Had mlxft sip the suet and. plains tar lis meal. The sight had set in ; — 'twas a dark and a gloomy on a;— Off went Sr. Foix to his chamber; a roomy one, Five stojias high, The first Boor irons the ekji And luftj enough to efibfd great faciljly For: pjaying a game, with the youthful , ./nohtlilj, Of ' crack cona," a deal in Bequest, When ihey'rp feeuug, Xnofl (nutitrtier on them steal- AsnfeiswpEed To a sixpence's ride, Tbm'IFs fmuu srith the thumb up to otitic ma . InbMaiwh»a zammmmfntnki frilMh fWllrfWIt alloWS v. by our . r 0 I presume tn—faa<icx4g. He'd s table, and bed, And three cihalra ; and all's said— A bachelor's barrack, where'er you discern it, you're Sure not to find orerburthen'd with furniture. Francois Xavier Augusts lock'dand bolted hie With jpst the eaSanm he'd practised tiheSapw Tkktbpint Cordon, VtliTecr jch,Ule, 14 u.iieur de 1& Hadwn upthere bSwbWiia drawn ev'ry ecrewj And now comes the moment— the watches and clocks All point to eleven — the bolts and the locks Give way— and the party turn out their hag- fox!— With step noiseless and light Though half in a fright, A cup in hvr left hand, a draught in her right, In her robe long and black, and her veil long and white, HnVmseile Agues des Moutios walks in as a Sprite !— She approaches the bed With the atne silent trend Just as though she had been at least half n year dead ! Then seating herself on the 44 rush-bottom 'd chair," Throws a cold stony gUnoe at the Black Housquet&ire.; If you're one of the "plaj-golng public," kind reader, And unt a Moravian or rigid Saceder, You've seen Mr. Kean, I mean in that scene Of Macbeth,— by some thought the crock one of the piece, Which has keen ao well painted by Mr. M'Cliae,— When he wants, after having stood up to say grace, To 6it dnwu to hia haggis, and can '4 find a place ; You remember hia Blare At the Uigk-backM arui-chair, is there, And how. after saying 44 What man datea 1 dare .' " lie proceeds to declare He ahould not eo much care If it came in tbe ahape of a "tiger" or " hear, " Rut he dou't like it shaking ita long gory hair! While the obstinate Ghost, aa detenniued to brave him, With a horrible gnu, Site, and cocks up his , chiu, | Juht na though he was atktag the tyrant to shave him. j And Lennox and lloeee Seem quite at n lose j If tbey ought to go on with their sheep's head I and sauce 1 ; And Lady Macbeth looks uncommonly cros, i And says in a buff It's all "Proper stuff!" — All this yuu'R have seen, Reader, often enough ; | So perhaps 'twill assist you in forming some i notion j Of what must have been Fren$oia Xsvnr s j emotion i If you fancy what troubled Macbeth to be j doubled, I Aud, instead of one Banquo to stare in his < f&ce; < Without 44 spccuUtioD," suppose he'd a trace I \ I wish I'd poor Fusoli'a peocil, who ne'er I bel- ieve was exceeded in painting the terrible, Or that of Sir Joshua Reynolds, who ! was so a-droit iu dspictiue it— ride bis piece Descriptive of Cardinal Beaufort's decease, Where that prelate is lying, Decidedly dying. 1 Wub the King and his Standing just ! at his feet, And his hmds, he Dame Quickly suy#, fumb ling (he sheet ; While, close at bis car, with the air of a eeoruer, j ' Busy, meddling,' Old Nick's grinning up in i the corner. j But painting's an art I confess. I am raw in, j Tbe fact is, I never took lessons iu drawing, , : Had I done so, instead Of the hues you ! I have read, j ' I'd have given you a sketch should have fill'd j you with dread ! ; Fran<,-ois Xavier Auguste squatting up in Lis i bed, ( Hie hands widely spread, His complexion i like lead, f Ev'ry hair that he has standing up on his ; s head, 1 | As when, Agnes des MouUas first cstcbtog his j Now right, and now left, rapid glances he threw, Then shriek'd with a wild pnd unearthly halloo, "Man Itica ! rTcz deuxJ Br TOB 1'orE THERE ABE TWO ! ! ! He fell back — one long aspiration he drew, 1 In flew De la Roue, And Oount Gordon Bleu, Pommade, Pomme-dc-terrp, and Ihp rest of their crew. He ftirr'd not,— he tpoke got,— ha ponu of I ibem knew ! Aod Acbille crie4 Odeooka I I fear by | bti looks, Our friend, Francois Xavier, has popp'd off the hooks ! " 'Twos too true ! Afalhrureur f It was done ?— he had coded his earthly He had gone off at onoe with a fiea in hie The Biatk Mousquetaire «ra# u dead oa j SinaU'bccT ! ! j UEntag, ' A sorel more ia paxcC I scaroe oould hope , Thao this, from fh. Alexander Pope. , If ever chance should bring some Cornet g.iy 1 And pious Maid,— as, possibly, it may,— ' From KuigbUbridge Barnickl, and the shades j Of Clapham Rise, as far as Kcnsal Green ; J O'er some pale marble when tbey join their heads | To kiss tbe falling tears each other sheds ; ! Ob I may they nax&e; — and think, in silent i awe, He, that, he reads the words, uCi gtt St. Foix ! " She, that the tombstone which her eye surveys Bears this aad line, — 44 flic iacel Sftur Thevetc I Then shall they sigh, and weep, and mur muring say, 44 Oh ! may we never play such tricks as they !"— Aud if at such & time some Bard there be, Some sober Bard, addicted much to tea And sentimental song— like Ingoldtby — if etich there be— who sings aud sips so well, Let him this tad, this tender story tell ! Warn'd by the talc, the geutio pair shall boast, "I've 'scaped the Broken Heart ! "—'and I, tbe Ghost" ! ! ' M.»y poM diffcrtton wait on appetite, And Liilth uu btftU.— 