FUNNY TRANSLATIONS. On account of the late Germra Emreror's funeral, writes David Ker in IIarper's Weekly, stated that the sermon was preached on atext taken from " the Book of Jacob "-a hitherto unknown portion of Illy Writ-the real words being the "Epistle of James" (Jakoh). An English translation of a German novel rendered Ich babe cinen Gast bekommen (I have cot a guest) by " I have become a ghost." Another trans formed " food for reptiles " into " the Diet of Worms." In a French version of "Guy lMan nering," the phrase "a stiekit minister" (unsuccessful preacher) figured as uot minfstre assassine. Nor are the titles of books a less fruitful field of mistranslation than their con tents. A Vienna translation of George Eliot's " Felix Holt, the Radical," was entitled "Felix; Hold the Rascail" The play of "Love's Last Shift" was reproduced in Paris as "La Derniro Chemise de l'Amoor." Roh Roy still figures in Russia as Bob the King, "Roy" having been confused with " Roi." A similar misconception turned .Mlmoires de Roy d'Argens into ,Memoirs of-a Silver King- an exploit almost rivalling that of the farmer who named a pet rooster "Robinson " because he "crew so." Most admirers of the Duke of Wellington are familiar with the Iron Duke's characteristic answer to his secretary's question as to what reply he should send to Marshal Junot's proposal of tin armistice : " Tell him to be [something unprintable] in civil French." How the poor secretaryacquitted himself of this rather diffielt commission is still a mystery; but he probably followed the example of the polite man who, not wishing to give a romancing talker the lie direct, asstured him th:it "if he.w ere to write a book of fiction, itwould have a wonderful ale." But the palm of mistranslation is certainly due to an Englishman who some years ago came to at foreign teacher to be "finished" in Ger man, and was asked. to write a sentence in colloquial English, and then to translate it. He wrote : "He has boltedi and. has not settled his bill," translating it by "Er hat verriegelt, nod hat nicht einsiedelt einen. Schnabel." "Verriegeln" ?desitieig ."to bolt a door," "einsiedeln ".tdi "settle as a colonist," and "Schnabshhti `:' Bi , tbid fg bisid," this issti airdinars'senii nee:T'ally~goifuoind,. "H . lbus driven in a bolt,.and has not colonized his beak."--Pall Mall. 