THE GLOBE TROTTER, Indiluan Ghost Chlorars.. Thile dread of glhosts is common to all the aboriginl races of India, from whom it has been very generally adopted by their Aryan onnquerors, and even by the lower claoacsses of Mohamrmedans. All ghosts are believed to be mlaeohbievou, and oom0 of them bitterly malicious, and the only way to oppose thleir rancor is to build shrines for them, ond to rnmao them offTer ings of a fowl, a pig, or, on tirand occasions, of a buoffllo. Any severe illness, and more erpeeially any epidemio disease, slhb as small-poi or chollera, is attributed to the malignnnoy of these spirits, who must be propitilated noocrdingly. The man.tiger is, parhaps, the moset dreaded of all these demnon ghosts; for when a tiger has killed a man, the tiger is supposed to be safe from harm, as the spirit of the man rides upon hie head, and keepn him clear of danger. Accordingly, it is believed tant the only sure mode of destroying a tiger who haIs killed many people it to begin by making offerings to tile spirits of idi victimns, thereby depriving him of their valuable services. The ghosts most easily propitiated are those wvieo have, met a violent or untimely death, whether by design or accident, in. ohlding poison and disease. Even women miwhoe die in leihidhrth or wretches who are hanged for their crimes are believed to have tie same powevors of anusing tlheir evil to the living as thoaso who have been killed by tigers, or by lightning, or by any other violent enuoe. All these deifed spirits are often dilstinguished by comes term denoting tihe manner of tlheir deanth; thus, sthe igoaet of a man killed by lightnring is called the "Lightning Ghost," that of one killed by a snaore, tile " Seeako Ghost," and so on. The ghostl of women who dio during childbirth are supposed to he -pecsially powerful and vindictive. Most of tile deccared lperons whoso spirits are now worshipped were the ancestors of some of the aborigince, and as General Ounninghlam, the head of the archmological survey of India, says, their worship is generally loeel, and connined to the limits oceoupied by their respective tribes. ''tee ceremonies oberved in propitiating the ghosts consirts mainly of the offering of goats, fewele, pigs, flowere, or fruit, of tle recitation of prayers, and tihe singing of certain mantras, or charms, the last being thie most important of all. Tllces aharms, whichi are dlweys sucg by men at the dilf. ferrent shrlines, are of two kinds-tie "Sabare charmsne" and tihe " mystieal in. ant~tiona." '['hn foertr are addressed to tile deilled ghosts of tile dead, tile perflirm ance beicil geeerally carricd out ie the country, or te place Ino leers thie corpso we burned, aend the latter are used for the pur pose of compelling spirits to appear and re ceive the orders of the perflorenr. 