Political and Social Letter. [WRITTEN SPECIALLY FOB THE EXAMINER.] SYDNEY, TUESDAY. THE are plenty of candidates in the field for the vacancy at Central Cumberland that was caused by the death of Mr. J. B. LINSLEY. There are at least four Free-traders, and there are others who have a desire to come forward, provided that sufficient inducement be given them to do so, Mr. JEAN- NERET, who once represented the electorate of Carcoar, was the first to announce himself ; but I do not think he will have the ghost of a chance. His indecent haste in rushing into the field, almost before the breath was out of the body of Mr. Lins- ley, has done him a great deal of harm. Very pro- perly, people resent that kind of action, and if Jeanneret is wise he will retire before the nomina- tion day. TJp to the present the Protectionists have not declared whether they ¡will run a candidate. But their Bilence must not be attributed to indiffer- ence. If they find that two or three Free-traders will go to the poll, they will make an effort to put a man in between them. It would help their cause to obtain the vacant seat, because the practical effect would be to give them two more votes in the House than they had when Mr. Linsley was alive, and that would reduce the Free-trade majority to a single vote._ A SECTION of the so-called loyalists of Balmain held a meeting last night to protest against the mission of the Irish Delegates at present in the colonies. Everything went smoothly until the Rev. Mr. STEPHENSON began to speak, and then there was fun. Mr. Stephenson is an Orangeman, although he hails from England, and he is also an excitable person. Some of his utterances were of such a nature that they provoked opposition from several persons sitting in the front benches, and the feeling grew until it ended in a free fight. None of the people in the hall had blackthorns, but they had walking sticks, and these were used with very great vigour. No heads, however, were broken, but nevertheless the conflict was very merry whilst it lasted. At the " loyalist " meeting held in Sydney a couple of weeks ago, clergymen also figured conspicuously; two of them made most violent addresses. It is greatly to be regretted that these gentlemen cannot confine themselves to their proper duties ; it is most undesirable that they should take a part in political meetings of any kind, for whenever they do they produce more bad blood than the worst types of professional politi- cians do. The resolutions passed at last night's meeting are to be sent to Lord CARRINGTON to be transmitted to the Secretary of State. I should like to see the Governor's face after he has read the resolutions. WE have heard about the last of the Deasy letters. When required to produce the letter which it was alleged had been tampered with, Mr. DEASY wrote that he had destroyed the envelope. Since he made a charge against the Postal Department of tamper- ing with his letters, it is very strange that he should have destroyed the evidence that was necessary to prove the charge. For my part, I never believed in the charge, and I am of the opinion that Deasy's conduct will do great harm to the mission in which himself and his colleagues are engaged. If it does not it ought to do. It is a pity the man has not more sense, and Mr. DILLON must be greatly annoyed at his conduct. He should require him to return to Ireland immediately. THESE aie strained relations between Lord CAB BINGTON and Sir HENEY PARKES. One report is that they were caused by Sir Henry complaining to the Secretary bf State for the Colonies, of the Governor having santioned the appointments to the Legislative Council made, by the Dibbs Ministry ; but another report attributes the cauBe to the fact that the Governor did not send an invitation to Lady PARKES to attend the Ball held some time ago at Lord Carrington's residence. I think both reports are true, but that the latter cause was more potent in producing the enmity than the former. It is said that when Lord Carrington invited Sir Henry to the Birthday dinner, the Premier replied that as his Excellency had not included Lady Parkes in the invitation to the ball, he must decline to be present at the dinner. Here is a pretty kettle of fish. Some time ago I said that if Lord Carrington invited Lady Parkes to Government House he would alienate a great many of his friends, and I did not think he would risk the experiment. The Premier has no right to complain. When a man makes his own bed he should not grumble if he has to lie on it. I do not think the entertainments at Govern- ment House will suffer if Sir Henry Parkes keeps away from them. THE Barmaid Question is going to be brought up in Parliament again. One of the members has expressed his intention of introducing a Bill making it unlawful for publicans to employ females behind their bars. An interesting discus- sion may be expected to take place on that subject. That the publicans will oppose the Bill tooth and nail is what may be expected, for they know that the system is profitable to them. I recognise the evils connected with the system. Were it abolished I have no doubt that the sale of grog in public houses would decrease fully 30 per cent., or at any rate the profits connected with the trade would. Nearly every public bouse in the city has a private bar ; this is presided over by one or more females, and the charge for nobblers is 6d each. Abolish barmaids, and the private bars would fall into disuse because of the lack of customers, and conse- quently the publicans' profits would seriously diminish. Then there is the morality argument. I thoroughly believe that only a small proportion of the barmaids in the city are virtuous, and that when a girl adopts that calling she takes a course which, in seven cases out of ten, will result in her becoming a prostitute. I feel the force of these arguments, but, nevertheless, if I were in the House I do not think I would support the proposed Bill. Were I to do so I should be compelled, if I desired to preserve a character for consistency, to oppose the employment of girls in factories. For amongst the factory girls there is also a great deal of immorality. If girls are prohibited from serving behind bars, it seems to me that they will be compelled to go into factories. There is, indeed, the alternative of domestic service, but Australian girls do not believe in that kind of employment. THE Star newspaper has shifted its officer, &c.;, into Pitt-street, and yesterday the paper was brought ont by means of the new machinery that has just been erected. In appearance the paper is greatly improved. By way of marking the change, the paper published a somewhat high falutin leading article, dealing with its own history and with the progress made by the Protectionist cause during the past 18 months. My friend OSBORNE. the Editor, must have been in an elevated mood when he wrote the article-that is, if he did write it. But, after all, the glorification rested on a solid basis of fact, for the Star has made wonder- ful headway, whilst Protection has advanced by leaps and bounds. The position occupied by the offices of the Star is a very fine one, perhaps the best for the purpose in the city, and it is generally believed that the paper will do a great business there. THE Divorce business in the Courts ia increasing. The number of cases brought before the Court during the present term greatly exceeds the number in any previous term, and in every case the petition for the disruption of the matrimonial tie has been granted. Sometimes the wife was to blame, and sometimes the husband. It is a favourite doctrine of the women that the men are always to blame when matrimonial infidelity takes place, but the proceedings in our Divorce Court tell a very different story. It is six of one and half a dozen of the other, and when women go wrong they are certainly quite as bad as men who become unfaithful. The cases that come before the Divorce Court represent, I need hardly say, only a small proportion of the serious domestic trouble that exists in the community. Many people have a horror of giving publicity to their matrimonial infelicities, and it is well that it is so. THE Church of England Synod assembled in Sydney this morning. The principal business is the elec- tion of a bishop, to fill the vacancy caused by the resignation of Dr. BARRY. The proceedings are likely to be somewhat lively. The Low Church party have three names that they are going to pro- pose, and the High Church party are going to propose three, in opposition thereto. The section who profess neither High nor Low church views are. going to propose that the business of nomina- ting a bishop should be entrusted to a committee. Perhaps this recommendation will be adopted. At any rate it seems to be a sensible method of over- coming the difficulty, and preventing friction. It matters very little to what school of thought the new bishop may belong, for experience teaches that in these colonies the bishops generally try to hold the scales equally between both parties. And besides, a bishop has no power to interfere with the management of a single parish. I do not think he can control the. arrangements even in his own cathedral. So there is really no occasion for the Synod to get excited over the work they have to do this week. 