BROADBRIM'S NEW YORK LETTER. "The City of Churches," as our sister city of Brooklyn is called, was considerably startled last -week by the report of the City Missionary-the Bev. Mr. Bainbr!dge,to find that she was not only the^City of Churchcs, but if the Rev. Mr. Baiubridge is not very much mistaken was by no means distantly related to the cities of Sodom and Gomorrah. Its title to the City of Churches is exploded forever. There are between seven and eight hundred thousand people in the City of Brooklyn. It is the third city of the Union to-day, and it will not be many years when in point of population and manufactures it will be the first; but if every church in the city of Brooklyn were crammed to its utmost capacity, the entire seating and standing room in all the churches would only accom modate about seventy-six thousand, while the average attendance in all the c'liurciics, ex clusive of the Catholic churches, is about thirty-six thousand in a population of between seven or eight hundred thousand. And the financial condition of the churches that are already in existence is one of con stant trouble, care and anxiety, the majority of them begging to keep the Sheriff from the door, the mortgages on church property amounting to nearly four millions of dollars, and this too when they are entirely exempted from taxation. While the Protestant churches, are many of them almost deserted, the Catholic churches are crammjed to over flowing; three and four sevices every Sunday morning, commencing at six o'clock in the morning and continuing till the high mass at half-past ton or eleven. And it was not the scarcity of church accommodations thftt called forth Mr. Bainbridge's heavy condemnation, but the entire community was shocked and grieved by the assertion that the fallen women of New York city were largely re cruited from Brooklyn. This has roused the indignation of Brooklyn's citizens, and in connection with the election has helped to make things very lively. The questions now being discussed between the newspapers and the missionary is ; ought we to build more chu relies till we can fill those that we have, andjis i t true that the|;vomen ofBrooklyn are any \v0r3e or as bad as their neighbors; Doctor Tal rnage has no difficulty iu filling his church at every service; rain or shine, hot or cold, summer and winter it is all the same. ? There must be'somethingradically wrongiri the administration of a system when, out of nearly eight hundred thousand people, only thirty-six thousand attend church, and seven hundred thousand are not provided for even if they desired to attend. Mr. Bainbridge's declaration in regard to Brooklyn morality has not only thrilled the community but an gered it. He has only been resident here a couple of years and his experience is that of, a clergyman too ready to accept the reports of irresponsible persons second hand. There are thousands of men in Biooklyn who have resided there all their lives, and whose op portunities of judging are infini'ely better than those of Sir. Bainbridge,who are willing to testify under oath that the accusations of this over-zealous missionary are not true. From a close observation of years-our ob servation covering all classes of society which journalism naturally brings a man in contact with, in churchcs, in jail3, on 'Change in the police courts and in private families,-I con sider it for its size one Of the most moral.md best ordered cities in the world. It is true that occasionally it furnishes the newspapers with sonre first-class sensations, as might naturally be expected where eight hundred thousand people are congregated together; but on the whole, for safety of life and pro perty, for general decency and good order, for average morAlity and all the points that go to make life worth living, Brooklyn,which before many years will be the first city in the land in point of population, will compare favorably with any city in the United States if not in the world. The other night at twelve o'clock two ladies were arrested on Bleecker-street by a brutal policeman, and hurried off to the police station where the}7 were compelled to remain till morning. iileecbev-street is not the safest or most savory locality for two women to be found at midnight, for almost the only signs of life to bo found there at that time are drunken brawlers returning from a midnight carouse, or thieves on the outlook for prey, or those fallen "women, the "wretched outcasts whom even the Priest and the Levite pass by. The atmosphere of this entire region exhales a deadly poison that festers "with sin and crime. On Mott-street near by is the Central Police Headquarters, yet, under its very eyes are the homes of thieves and harlots, and red handed murder flourishes before its very door. On Bleecker-street was founded the Florence mission. It was not intended as an ' aid to the pious and the good that were already rejoicing in salvation, but for the j moral lepers and outcast sinners for "whom there was no other home, and right here I regret to say that wc have in New York lots of religious shams and pious frauds who have done all they could do to bring religion into contempt. But the Florelnce mission is not of that class. Founded by a wealthy gentle man by the name of Chittenden, who had been himself saved from a life of dissipation, it labors for that class which all others for: sake. In some respects it is the counterpart of Jerry McAulay's mission. Jerry was a convicffand a thief who found Christ, a Saviour, while yet behind prison bars, and who on being released, started in to save poor wretches as lost and as sin scarred as himself. Jerry once having firmly planted hi3 feet upon the Rock of Ages, never went back. Convict and thief as he was, naturally a ruffian and a bruiser, he lived long enough to earn the respect and love of thousands who knew him and his work, and he died lamented by thousands more whom he had raised from lives of degradation and crime, and put 111 the way of salvation. Sir. Chittenden's work was ' liko Jerry McAulay's, but their lives were far apart. Mr. Chittenden was bom to wealth, but dissipation got the better of him. He was no criminal. "When his reformation came he devoted himself to his present work, and here he labors for the salvation of these poor wretches night and day. He is not of that goody-goody class of Christians that would feed a naked, hungry sinner with tracts and bibles, heknow3 how to reach them with kindness .and charity. If one of these poor waifs is naked be clothes her; if she is hungry lie feeds her; if she is houseless he shelters her, and thus finds the way co her heart. Iso matter how low the harlot is, if she can be saved, he will try to help her and to bear her up. It is wonderful the work that lias been accomplished ly-°- Thousands of f.. ...i'IIII me street hy sneer want, who would never be there if they had a living soul to aid them. Of course the work of this peculiar mission carries them far into the night, and only last week two ladies who had been assisting at the mission were assaulted at midnight by a drunken policeman drugged to the look-up, and there confined with thieves and tramps till morning. They were dis charged with profuse apologies next day, but that was a poor compensation for the "gross indignity they suffered. The Congregational Council here last week acted most unwisely in reopening the case of the Rev. Frank Decker, who a few months ago was expelled from his pulpit for gross im morality. His crime was so manifest and lus punishment-so just, that at the time the culprit himself did not dare to question it. He had been pastor of the Congregational church at Greenport, where he had met with phenomenal success. He was not 'only a brilliant preacher but he had within him apparently the spirit of an evangelist. His congregation grew apace till it became one of the strongest and most fashionable in the town. He had a lovely wife, a most estimable lady, and one child. If ever mail had an incentive to do right, it -was Frank Decker. There was hardly any thing that he could have asked for in reason that his congregation would not have 1 granted. In his flock was a young girl about eigh- teen years of age, an orphan, whose father at his death left some property. This young girl was a frequent visitor at the pastor's house : by some means he got her completely under his influence, and aided by a member of his congregtion whom he promised to help to the ministry, he got the girl to meet him clandestinely in New York and other places and ruined her. At last he was be trayed by his accomplice in crime, and his letters; filled up with religious cant, where he hopes the Lord will help him to get the girl to New York or Brooklyn, form one of the most remarkable and disgusting pages of, epistolatory correspondence ever published. I was in hopes, after the exposure of his sin, that he would have retired to some for off country and there in sackcloth and ashes have repented of his crime till death. Now, however,-1 see an effort is being made to reinstate him, to send this wolf in sheep's clothing into the fold again. ' The Congrega tional church must be badly in need of preachers if it can find no clerical timber better and sounder than this. . Think twice, gentlemen, before you commit this crime. No sermon of Bob Ingersoll's ever hurt the Christian religion half as much as this, blow dealt by its friends in reinstating in the Christian ministry the Rev. Frank Decker. The burial of Li Yu Doo, the lender of the Chinese Black Flags in the great Tai Ping rebellion, brought" out our Celestial brothers in full force, and they gave their barbarian cousins an idea how to conduct a first-class funeral. There is nothing mean about John when he starts in. It does not matter if it is a funeral or wedding or a picnic, when he does, money is no object. So patriotic China that is American China, made up its mind to give Li Yn Boo, a good send oft", and they did. Around tils dead hero were roast pig, rice, sain sow jams; unserves and other good things, enough to . satisfy tiPy reason able ghost. They gave him a wafcg ?b»t must have made their neighbors in Little Dublin- green with envy. Instead of pipes and tobacco tliey distributed first-class cigars; and other creature comforts were not wanting for tkcisfi ft ho were not allied to the Prohibition Party, 'jfhey hirod half the carriages in town, and they followed the procession empty while the mourners *ont on foot. Strangest of all, despised and perse cuted as they are, and coming out of one of the vilest neighborhoods in the city, tlii3 curious funeral, the like of which was never seen before, was treated with respect and courtesy by one of the worst crowds that I ever saw; there was no disturbance, no hoot ing, no shouting-everything was as orderly and as respectful as Li Yu Roa was a member of the Prize ring ofm fl Sew York Alderman. Li Yu Doo was a milsoi of high degree, and the squareand compasses were the emblems that were buried with him by the Chinese brethern of the mystic tie; while one of the banners bore tbis motto ; We meet upon the level and we part upon the square. While I write the drums are beating, and the streets are filled with shouting thousands. For who ? Let us wait a few day3 and see. Truly yours, BROADBRIM. 