TOPSY -, TURVY; OR, RATHER TOO MUCK OF A GOOD THING.., BY P. SHAw JiasmY,: B.A.; P,.iMET.soc.; Author of " Ridicula Resarta," ec., etc.; CHAPTER III. THERE was not so much laughter and jollity, at dinner, as Guy had been accustomed to see; for any superabund ance of animal spirits was worked, off during school-time, so that all the soul of happy youth required for recreation was to be allowed to lie quiet in the sun to sleep; indeed, the general condition of the play reminded one forcibly of the manner of the Perfect Navvy, who is content if there be but a post con venient to his back- with the excep tion that the poetical adjuncts of beer and "baccy" were waiting to com plete the picture. The Doctor had not arrived, so the prwepostor of the week indulged them with the lengthy Latin' Grace, so necessary to a perfect appetite, calling forth from Smugge the mild remark,' "Prieposterous "-which received well-, merited punishment in the shape of sly kicks and pinches. Soon after they had sat 'down and proceeded to, attack 'the1 "ample dietary " vaunted so highly in the school prospectus, the door opened, and a broad-chested, somewhat sunburnt, man walked to the Doctor's chair at the high table, and, much to Guy's horror, deliberately seated himself therein. "What cheek," said Guy to his next door neighbour. "What's cheek I" he asked, testily; for he was hungry, and beef and bread demanded his undivided attention. "Why, that chap sitting in the Head's place, of course," Guy hastened to explain. "You're another," his companion replied rudely, and returned to his plate. So Guy took another look at the individual in question, and this time he seemed to gather some faint recollec tion of that ample Roman nose, and the gold rimmed spectacles themselves grew likewise more familiar. "My ghost!" he murmured, softly, "I do believe it's the Doctor himself; but he's a precious lot thinner, and about twice as broad. I say, how he could lay it on now !" And when he thought of" swishing" a sudden chill run down his spinal column, and he fidgeted so uneasily in his seat that the hungry one at his side advised him to "sit still and eat his grub," and this, from sheer astonish ment, he was fain to do. By-and-by, some fragments of a con versation over the way obtruded them selves on his ear. Said Smith to Brown, " How's Biceps getting on, old bird 1" "Oho !" was the reply, -' swelling wisibly-gets bigger round the middle every day." Here was a state of things. St. John knew no more about physiology than a tom-cat, and he fondly imagined Biceps must be some new boy in the Lower School. _What form's Biceps in I" he inquired of Brown. "Jolly good form, boy," said the owner; "if you'll come round to the Gym. after, I'll show you." Now the Gym, was the regulation fighting-ground, so this was tanta mount to a challenge. Guy fired up at once. "Come ! I should think so indeed." " Quiet there, you youngsters," came from the priepostor just in time to pre vent bloodshed. Now, anger breeds thirst, so Guy, who had drunk his mug of thin table beer directly he came into hall, looked round in search of more, and, seeing none of the servants about, got up and helped himself at the sideboard. Instantly all talking ceased, and Guy knew from the glances in his direction that he had done something unusual. Presently the Doctor, astonished at the unwonted silence, looked up, and, catching sight of Guy, called to him to come up to the high table. S"WWhat excuse have you for leaving your placeV" he asked, with a suavity which made Guy tremble. "I was only getting some more beer, sir, as the servants were away," he faltered. "MIore beer, sir !" thundered tlhe Doctor; "more beer, sir !' beer of all things. Are you aware, sir, that extra beer implies an increase of adi pose tissue, which would probably dis grace you in the eyes of the civilised world, sir 1 What will be your con dition, sir, do you suppose, in the 'Games' at the end of term, sirl Such conduct is atrocious, and I will appeal to your better feelings, after wards, sir, in my study. Now go to your place, sii-." And Guy retired to his seat, aghast at the eloquence of the Doctor and the prospect of the approaching interview. "Sell you my swipes for a tizzy," said Carnegie, when he reached his place. "Done with you," he answered, gladly, for his throat was like a lime kiln 1 so the mugs were warily and promptly exchanged, much to Guy's subsequent relief. "Jolly bad training you must be in," said Carnegie, critically; "but it always takes you like that at first. I used to swill at the lavatory tap after hall when we began training, but I never get half through my allow ance now." "Will I get swished 1" asked Guy, anxiously. "You bet," replied Carnegie. cheer fully. " Doctor's a regular one-er for the mtick now; says it does one good to emulate the virtues of the Spartans and teaches one to bear pain with fortitude, sir; and brings out the best part of a boy's character, sir." "Well, I'm not so sure about that," said Guy's next- door neighbour.; "but I know it 'takes.' I got sent up last week, and had to take my meals standing· for two days after; but with plenty of towels, and some old exercise-books, you'll be happy enough -if he doesn't spot you." Guy had his doubts, however, on the score'of happiness, and-waited moodily for the second course, thinking o many things. After the servants had cleared the tables, and the praipostor passed on his way to the high table to say grace, " ?I say, don't they give is any 'pud dingT' Guy asked Carnegie. '"fPudding !" -said the latter, wist-` fully. " Don't you wish you may get it: Nothing now but rice on Sundays. Adipose.tissue, indeed. Bah !'a figfor your tissue:." Here his feelings over came him, 'and it was plain that for, one at least theabsence of Balbas and pious' nIfes hardly comipensated for the present lack of sweets. Guy felt' that he had been cruelly deceived. He was still hungry,' for 'he had been reserving himself' for ' the second course. Even the despised stickjaw' is 'palatable iwhen you are very. hungry .;and"Guy felt that wolf, was a comparative ," fool" 'to' him"iri the matter of famine;' His wrath had been gently simmer ing ever since the Doctor's philippic against adipose tissue, and as they all stood up for grace it fairly boiled over. SIt's a' beastly 'shame, 'I call it !" he blurted out in the stillness. " " There's dsome boy vociferating audibly," 'said the Doctor, 'in' angry. and stentorian tones. "Is it youaigain, St. Johhn l What' is the meaning ;of this outrage sir"' . "Why can't we have some pudding, then I" said. Guy, defiantly, thinking no doubt that his affairs were already too desperate to be' retrieved' and his remark seemed :to' awaken in'. the breasts of some at lea?t `of the b1oys sweet thoughts of'gloijfied "stickjaw," for there was a subdued murmur of approval. The Doctor was' speechless with in [ dignation; and Guy feeling that 'the " House was with him," as they say at St. Stephens, took heart of grace. I "What harm would it do I" he coni tinnued, quite forgetful of the fairy's warning. "Other schools have pud ding, if it's only 'spotted dog.' ' It's a shame, I call it!' Its a wicked shame !" SSomehow' the reiteration of .this re mark seemed'to relieve him. [ The sleeping lion was now fairly roused; and from all sides of the Hall came murmurs of approval. . " Go it, Guy I" " Hit him. again !" "Pudding for the people 1" , "Bravo, St. Johnh " And so on. 'And so on, 'until the murmurs swelled into a' roar, and the I roar' became a 'riot, and then every i thing seemed to grow: indistinct anid the last thing that Guy was conscious of was ;the thud, thud, thud ! of the Doctor's carving-knife on the table, as he vainly endeavoured to .restore order. Thud, thud, THiUD,! it went, louder and louder; end then the table itself gave way with a CRAsH !-- Ai nd he awoke with a yell, to find Bobus and Old Calabar standing over him in fits of laughter. S" What's the row I!" he asked, sleepily, rubbing' his eyes and wonder ing what had become of the Doctor I and his mutinous pupils. "What a muff you were to bolt the oak !" said bogus. " We knocked all the skin off our knuckles, aid tlien we had'to charge 'it in, and I'm afraid it's L loosened the .bolt a bit." When Guy sat up on the hearthrug to look, ,this certainly did seem probable, for the said charge had torn bolt and hinges from their moorings, I and the floor was littered with splinters from the wreck. He felt they were'really too modest in their explanations. " What a fool you were to go to sleep !" said the other. , "You snored till the windows rattled !" "That's another !" responded Guy, with some heat. "Oh, of course, no one ever owns up to snoring !"said Old Calabar. "You'll say next, I suppose, you haven't been to sleep at all ? And what's more, I can tell you we'reall safe to get hauled this afternoon, for I don't suppose you've done a single foot of. those verses." "No, I, haven't,"' he answered, bravely; "~and, what'sI more, I don t mean to!' You fellows will have to shift for yourselves in future, for I don't see why.I should have all tlhe fag and somebody else allthe credit. How's your arm, old fish '" he added, with a sudden spasm of recollection.' ,r' Oh, my arm's all right,' if:you come to that-why not " asked Dixoin. "Oh, I don't know," he answered, absently. "I suppose it was only a dream after all." "I tell you what, though," said Bobus; "dream or no dream, the Doctor's goingto let St. John play. in the School-house match to- morrow, for I heard Froggy',tell old Perkis .he'd been to beg him off and had noeind, of bother to do so too. . "Hoo-rosh !" shouted Guy, now thoroughly, awake.. "Trrogy's a, de: cent sort after all. Iwon't humbiug hiin for a week at.least,: :I say, isn't thLat just splendid !. Come to the,tuck, ypu chaps."' This invitation completed the en thusiasm of the others, and the thiee went off arm-in-arm for the tul;-sho, one of them, at least?, with a determina tion to revenige himself on :the pastry Ifor his late enforced abstinence, for when he narrated his experiences .'to his rcompanions they cordially agreed with him that even in dreamland " ino Spudding is rot." I cannot improve on this phrase fori brevity and expressiveness, and so leave it in its graceful simplicity ! And that same afternoon, as the prophet Dixon had foretold, thejr, were "hauled" in a body for laick of Latin verse, and spent some hours in the peaceful seclusion of the Upper School, and all because St., John was low enough to go to sleep and turn their whole arrangements topsy-turvy. . And, ~indeed, for the future,,every man had to grind out this, own verses with the help of his own favorite time worn "tags," for St. John f atly refsiied to lend them hisany,?more.. o d So' per haps his '. bad quarter of, an hour" was not altogether without effect.,ii ] Burglarse ? iever w??.for an' openmgjmi theirna business. ' They go: to: work a?tioncel and m'ke an opening. 