THE DOCTOR'S WIFE. We were driving in a big waggon over the level surface of long Island at its flattest, with the great billows of sand, rolling down towards the billows of the ocean on: one hand, and the hundreds of charred and leaf less trunks of a burnt forest on the other, when we saw upon a sort- of- hillock, nearer the sea than the forest, a house built of rough stone, with a glorious. sloping roof, a broad piazza, and cunning little windows with diamond panes-a fine old relic of-the past, but strong as a fort or a castle, and with no visible reason for its emptiness. It was, however, so completely deserted that the owner had not taken the usual pre caution of barricading the doors and win dows, and it stood open to the winds or any tramp who reached so lonely and unlikely a spot. ' Were the people who lived there buitt to ashes with the forest ' asked one of our party. Our driver heard the remark, and turning his head, answered gravely 'No, ma'am, they warn't. That house was empty then. lreckon it'll stay empty, too. It was given to a.colored family once. They. wouldn't hev it. - That . was- a fire though; we fought it-hard. There ! You'll see miles like that across the island. Folks hey got scared, and-cut handsome trees off their places, so's to be safe from wildfire. They. talk about engine sparks, and tramps' .pipes iand'bein' d6ne a-purpose, but wildfire comes of itself in this land, and there's folks alive to-day will see it a grand desert, with out a plant or a tree on'it yet. I argue that way. I've seen change enough myself to be sure of it. It's my idee.' It seemed a plausible one as we looked acres the black vista of the burnt woods, but to return to our subject. 'That house there was too near the woods to be pleasent, I suppose,' I said. '-No,' said our driver. 'That wasn't it either. ' It's a good house and safe as can be. 1'ts pretty inside, too. Mantelrys are handsome with chany picturs round the fire place; mahogany shelves to the closets, kind o'-carved-and-fixed-off. Some of the floors as handsome as furniture. It's so good it can't go to. pieces, standing empty, and-it.wen't get, worn out, ', that's.sarten. You-couldn't get any one to live in- it if you `paid ;'em.' '-Whyf' 1 asked. The answer. was exactly what we all ex pected. S'Why l Because it's haunted. That's why. ' - Somebody laughed.. T -The:drive-~: turned. a pitying rather than arn offen'ded- countenance; in. that direction, and remarked : ' My wife usedl to snigger jest that way when I said that. She dont now. None of us do. We lived there a spell. Gee up, Billy. ' When I was a boy,' said the driver, after awhile, 'Miss Boerum lived in that house. She was a real old maid, pious and genteel, and gave lots of money to the church. Her, father had been a seafaring man, and he I bought that house near the sea because he liked to watch the ships and see the storms. You can see everything right good from the back windows. Miss Boerum was the last of the family living. Reckon she was nigh onto 50. Just about that when Dr. Pac quet settled down in Patchogue. He was a mean lookin' man, with hair like flax, and white skin, and lead colored eyes. Miss Boerum called him in when she had suthin anuther, and after a while folks said he was courtin her. Ef le was thirty, that was as much as he was, and twenty years is a big difference on a woman's side; but I reckon he had the best of that bargain. Wal, they married, and all seemed right enough for a while. : ' Then I remember folks talked; said she scolded him ; said he snubbed her ; said this, said; that; kinder settled .that they wasn't happy together, and said it couldn't be expec ted where people married so sort of unsuit able; you can't be sure what there is in such talk, you know. Some said he wanted money and she wouldn't let him have it. They lived together two or three years that way. One day, it was autumn weather, a gale coming up, and the sky like ink, Doctor Pacquet was sewn running about like a hen with her head:cut off. SHis boat was gone-a pretty boat, all painted up, and with a fancy name on it; I kinder forget what it was. And. his wife, she was gone, too. She had gone out rowing he said, and she was' a pretty good rower, but he forbade her to try it in such weather. He couldn't see a sign of her. She went witlout.permission. He fretted and fumed, t and went on all.day. At last a fisherman picked the boat up miles away. and Mrs Pac quet's handkerchief in it, but they never found her body. That had gone out to sea, they said. At first someone said she wasn't ( drowned, but as she hadn't taken clothes or money, it was pretty soon decided that she was, and that Dr. Pacquet was a widower. SHe waited a little while, and then sold everything and went away. Pretty soon arter; Phillis Bell, a seamstress that had lived with Mrs Pacquet. a pretty, flirty girl, she went off, too. Folks said they saw 'em to gether. Still we didn't know. " Wal, an agent had bought the house on speculation, but it didn't turn out well. s Somehow folks couldn't live there. They r saw things. They heard things. They said it was haunted, and the name stuck to it, and s it wtas empty most of the time. I grew up. SI courted, I got married, my young ones were getting long legged, and the last man .ho f had hired the house was one of them infer t dels that didn't believe in nothin'-said ghosts couldn't score him. He lit out the first night, and sat in the railroad station till z morning. Said he thought 'twasn't healthy down to the house. ' Arter that it jest stood, and I suppose it s would have gone on standin', only about I seven years ago my wife poked me in the e back one night, and says she-' Ephriham, 1 you awake. 'Yes.' Says she-' I have got an idee; let's buy the haunted house. Dr. I, Pacquet's ghost must be pretty well.scared t out by now'; and she snickered, 'Inl risk e I him, says she. , ' Wall, Almira,'says I, ' all right. Ef you s ber't afraid, I shouldn't. It's a handsome, sightly place. The woods was all green then, and if old Brown'll let us try if we can live there a month, I'll do it. It goes for a song.' ' Wal, Brown was willin' enough, and we moved in, and got sided up, and it looked a furst rate. It did look purty' and when the , fire was lighted in the big stove, and we sot 2 around it, it looked sort of fixy and solid. e But we didn't feel comfortable. It was the Scuriousest thing; we wurn't happy, and we Sdidn't get happy. Our way of enjoying our r selves evenings, arter it wus cold, was to sot I around the stove and talk things over kind a of. We coldn't do it in that house. We a got shivery up the back, and felt scared to a look around, and 'fraid of corners. I said i 'twas drafts, and I listed the winders. We felt just as bad. And I had jest remarked Ione evening that there was something I could not understand about that house, and that we had had a week of it, and I did not know Sas I wanted any more, when an accident that Smight have been the death of some of us, though we didn't get any hurt but a splash t or two of hot water. The hearth of the sitting room was the biggest'flat stone I ever saw, and the store sat right onto that. S' All of a sudden it give way. Down went the stove a foot or two-over went the kettle. a Wife and I generally have a hot nightcap before we go to bed. ' Wal, it was pretty lively for a spell put ting the fire, out, but we did it. We went to I be.1 jest i 'mite cheerfuller than usual, I s guess, suthin' to talk about; and I got up F early to fix the stove. I went into the room and I knelt down and looked into the holler under .the hearth; and there behind tlhe stone, Tsaw a broken pine cotffio, and a skele ton lying in it, pointing, as it seemed, at me Swith 0ne lorng bony finger. 'I don't know what I did. I think I ran up the road hollering. Folks heard me. Neighbors came in. WVe got the hearth up. No wonder folks couldn't live quiet there. There was a dead woman buried under the I hearth, and by a ring with her name on it, Sand onc or two things like that, we knew it was poor Mrs Pacquet. ' The doctor had killed her and buried her there, and fixed things so that she'd appear to he drowned, so that he could take her money and marry the seamster. ' We didn't live there any longer; you can bet on that. And there hasn't been anybody there since, though the poor woman is at rest over yonder in the family vault near the Schurch. The feeling against the house will last it out, I reckon, strong as it seems to be.' 'It cannot be otherwise, he muttered hoarsely;' you must be mine. You and I could not avoid it if we would, and let us Sthank the fates that our union will be cemented' by love. You. couild never have -been.another man's wife, There is a destiny hangjinga over you.--' 'Oh, George, she l'sjed convulsi"vely, ' brush it away- please do.' 