THE SWORD OF JUSTICE. A TALE OF LOVJE, .MYSTERY, AND CRIMDE. By the author of "The Leavenworth Case." BOOK V.-IWOMA1ANS. LOVE. CHAPTER XLY.--(Continued.) The mind of Paula was as yet un decided, when a child from the village passed the window, and seeing her sitting there, handed her a small .package with the simple message that Mrs. Hamlin was veryill. It contained, as she anticipated, the great key to the Japha mansion, and understand ing, without further words, what was demanded of her, Paula prepared to keep the promise she had long ago made to this devoted woman. For though she knew the useless ness of the vigil proposed to her, she none the less determined to complete it. Easier to sit an hour in that dark. old house than to explain herself to Mrs. Hamlin. Besides, the time was good for prayer, and God knows the' wretched object of all this care and anxiety, stood in need of all the petitions that might be raised for her. Telling her aunts that she had a call to make in the village, she glided hurriedly away, and ere she realised all to which she was committed, found herself standing in the now darkened streets, before the grim door of that dread and mysterious mansion. Never had it looked more forbidding; never had the two gruesome poplars cast a deeper shadow, or rustled with a more woeful sound in the chill even ing air. The very windows seemed to repel her with their darkened panes, behind which she could easily imagine the spirits of the dead moving and peering. A chill, not unlike that of terror, .assailed her limbs, and it was with a really heroic action that she finally opened the gate and glided up the path made by the daily steps of-her aged friend. To thrust the big key into the lock required another effort; but that once accomplished, she stilled every tumultuous beating of her heart by crying under her breath, ' She has done this for one whom she has not seen for fifteen years; shall I then hesitate, who know the real necessity of her for whom this hour is made sacred ?' The slow swinging open o0 the door .was like an ushering into the abode of ghosts; but she struck a light at once, and soon had the satisfaction of beholding the dismal room with its weird shadows resolve into its old and well-remembered aspect. The ancient cabinet and stiff hair-cloth sofa, Colonel Japha's chair by thetable, together .with all the other objects that had attracted her attention in her former visit, confronted her again with the same appearance of standing ready and waiting which had pre \- viously so thrilled her. Only she was alone this time, and terror mingled .with .bor awe. She scarcely dared to glknce at the doors that led to other portions of the house. In her present mood it would seem so natural for them to swing open, and let upon her horrified gaze the stately phantom of the proud old colonel or the' gentler shade of Jacqueline's mother. The moan of the wind in the chimney was dreadful to her, and the faint, rumbling sounds of mice scampering in the walls made her start as though a voice had spoken. "' But presently the noise of a sleigh careering by the house recalled her to herself, and remembering it was but early niglitfall, she sat down in a chair by the door, and prepared to keep her vigil with suitable patience and equanimity. Suddenly she re collected the clock on the mantel piece, and how she had seen Mrs. 'Hamlin wind it, and rising up, she followed her example, sighing un consciously to find how many of the sixty.minutes had yet to tick them selves away. '.Can I endure it ?' she thought, and shuddered as she pic tured to herself the dim old staircase behind those doors, and the empty rooms above, and the little Bible lying 'thicker than ever with dust on the yellowed pillows of Jacqueline's bed. Suddenly she stood still; the noise she had just heard was not made by theo'pattering of the mice along the 'rafters, or even the creaking of the withered vines that clung against the walls! It was a human sound, a clinking as of the gate .without, a orunching as of feet dragging slowly over the snow. Was Mrs. Hamlin coming after all ? or-she could not 'formulatA her fear; a.real and pal pable danger from the outside world had never crossed her fancy till now. .What if some danger should enter, s?ome tramp, some-a step 'on the porch without made her hair rise on her forehead; she clasped her hands and stood trembling, when a sudden moan startled her ears, followed by 'the sound of a heavy fall on the threshold, and throwing aside all hesitation, she flung herself forward, and tearing open the door, saw -oh, angels, that rejoice in heaven over one sinner that repenteth, let your voices go up in praise this night, for Jacqueline Japha ha's re turned to the home of her fathers! She had fainted, and lay quite still on the threshold, but Paula, who was all energy now, soon had her in the centre of the sitting-room, and was applying to her such restoratives as had been provided against this very emergency. She was holding the poor weary head on her knee, whoen the wan eyes opened, and. looking up, grew wild with a disappointment 'which Paula was quick to appreci. 'ate. . *?ou are looking for Margery,' said she. ' Margery will come by.and-by; she is not wellto.night, and Iam taking her place, but when she hears you, have returned, it will take more than sickness to keep her to her bed. I am Paula, and I love you, too, and welcome you-oh, welcome you so gladly !' The yearning look which had crept into the woman's bleared)and faded eyes deepened and softener strangely. ' You are the one who told me about Margery,' said she, 'aadd bade me bring my baby here to be buried. I remember, though I sadmed to pay no heed then. Night and day, through all my pain, I have remembered, and as soon as I could walk, stole away from the hospital. It has killed me, but I shall at least die in my father's house.' Paula stooped and kissed her. 'I am going to got your bed ready,' said she. And without any hesitation whatever now she opened the door that led into those dim inner regions that but a few minutes before had inipired her with such dread. She went straight to Jacqueline's room. ' It must all be according to Mrs. Hamlin's wishes,' she cried, and lit the fire on the hearth, and pulled back the curtains yet further from the beds and gave the benefit of her womanly touch to the various objects about her, till cheerfulness seemed to reign in a spot once so peopled with hideous memories. Going back to Jacqueline, she helped her to rise, and throwing her arm about her waist, led her into the hall. -But her memory-ghastly, accusing memory stepped in, and catching the wretched woman in its grasp, shook her, body and soul, till her shrieks reverberated through that desolate house. But Paula, with gentle persistence, urged her on, and smiling upon her like an angel of peace and mercy, led her up, step after step of that dreadful stair case, till at last she saw her safely in the room of her early childhood. The sight of ,it seemed at first to horrify, but afterwards to soothe, the forlorn being thus brought face to face with her own past. She moved over to the fire, and held out her two cramped hands to the blaze, as if she saw an altar of mercy in its welcoming glow. From these she passed totter ing and weak to the embroidery frame, which she looked at for a moment with something almost like a smile; but she hurried by the mirror, and scarcely glanced at a portrait of herself which hung on the wall over her head. To sink on the bed' seemed to be her object, and thither Paula accompanied her. But when she came to where it stood, and saw the clothes turned down and the pillows heaped at the head, and the little Bible lying open for her in the midst, she gave a great and mighty sob, and fling ing herself down upon her knees, wept with a breaking up of her whole nature, in which her sins, red though they were as crimson, seemed to feel the touch of the Divine love, and vanish away in the oblivion He pre pares for all His penitent ones. When everything was prepared, ahd Jacqueline was laid quiet in bed, Paula stole out and down the stairs and wended her way to Mrs Hamlin's cottage. She found her sitting up, but far from well, and very feeble. At the first sight of Paula's face she started erect, and seemed to forget her weakness in a moment. ' WThat is it?' she asked; ' you look as though you had been gazing on the faces of angels. Has-has my hope come true at last? Has Jacqueline returned ? Oh, has my poor,- lost, erring child come back ?' Paula drew near and gently steadied Mrs. Hamlin's swaying form. 'Yes,' she smiled ; and with the calmness of one rho has entered the gates of peace, whispered in low and reverent tones: ' she lies in the bed.that you spread for her, with the Bible held close to her breast.' There are moments when the world about us seems to pause; when the hopes, fears, and experiences of all humanity appear to sway and leave us standing alone in the presence of our own great hope or scarcely-compre hended fear. Such a moment was that which saw Paula re-enter Jacqueline's presence with M?rs. Hamlin at her side. Leaving the latter near the door, she went towards the bed. Why did she recoil and glance back at M]rs. Hamlin with that startled and appre liensive look ? The fame of Jacqueline was changed-changed as only one presence could change it, though the eyes were clearer than when she left her a few minutes be forr, and the lips were not without a shadow of a smile. 'She is dying,' whispered Paula, coming back to Mrs. Hamlin; ' dying, and you have waited so long ! ' But the look that met hers from that aged face was not one of grief; and startled, she knew not why, Paula drew aside, while Mrs, Hamlin crossed the room and quietly knelt down by her darling's side. ' Margery!' ' Jacqueline !' The two cries rang through the room, then all was quiet again. ' You have come back!' were the nexst words Paula heard. ' How could I ever have doubted that you would ! ' 'I have been driven back by awful suffering,' was the answer; and another silence fell. Suddenly Jao queline's voice was heard. 'Love slew me, and now love has saved me!' exclaimed she. And there came no answer to that cry, and Paula felt the shadow of a great awe settle down upon her, and moving nearer to where the aged woman knelt byher darling's .bedside, she looked in her bendedface and then in the one upturned on the pillow, and knew that of all the hearts that but an instant before had' beat with earth's deepest emotion in that quiet room, one alone throbbed on to thank God and take courage. And the fire which had been kindled to welcome the prodigal back burned out and from the hollow depths of the great room below, came the sound of a clock as it struck the hour seven I (To be Continued. 