MEETING AT TORQUAY. A mooting of owners and occupiers of property in the Morsoy tewmhips was held in the Torquay Town Hall, on Tuesday vening, to consider the advisability of amalgamating the two townships, and having thoir affairs conducted by ono gororning body. Tho meeting was oallod for half-past 7, but it was after 8 o'clock when Mr John Honry proposed that Dr Young, M.H.A., take tho chair. Tlio motion was uecondod by Mr Daica, aud carried. Tlio Chairman said he was there to liston to the arguments in favor of or against tho proposod amalgamation. Ho read a lottor of apology from Mr Alfred Harrap, bospoko a fair hearing for all the speakers, and catted on Mr R. D. Stewart to proposa tho first resolution. Mr R. D. Stewart amended tho plat form, hut was at onco greeted with a stamping of foot, which was rsnowod at oacli a'.tompt of tlio speaker to make known his views. The Chairman appealed to tho meeting to hear Mr Stewart, which Mr W. Sayer Baid thoy would not do. The ratepayers of Torquay had boon called "penniless" by Mr Stewart, and they would not hear him. Tho Hon Adyo DouglaB asked those who were creating tho disturbance if thoy thought thoir conduct was worthy of Englishmen, or was it fair. During tho uproar Mr Stowsrt was understood to say that ho was quite prepared at the proper timo and in tho proper place to juetify his actions as a member of tho local road trust, but that question they had not mot that night to consider. Mr Stownrt was cvonUally allowod to proceed, and said ho boliovcd th« amalgamation of Foriuby and Tor- n would bo for tho good not only of isople living in those two towns, but of the Nortli-Wcst Coast generally. Ho moved — "That in tho opinion of this moot ing, owing to the inorosso of proporty in Torquay und Formby, and tlio increasing trade of tlio port, and for tho inuro ociinoiiiioal nnd effectual carrying on of public business, it is desirable to unite tho two towns iu ono, to bo called Dovonport, under a corporation." Tlio question bad already bocu placed before tlio public in s fair light by tin) l'ross of tlio Colony. Ho expressed his pleasure at soeing so many porsons prusunt who wore strangers, und complimontud Torquay on tlio fact that so many distinguished porsonii bad thought tho muttor of sslliciont importance to induce llioin to put ill an appearance. Tin advantages that would aocruu to botli towns hud bouti explained by liim ami others at a previous mooting. Thoy wore divided by a stream of water, but thoir intorostB and wunts wore tlm sauio. Thoy wanted a bridgo across the rivor, a wator supply, and thoroughly efficient systems of drainage and lighting. That would bo aoonor uccoinpliuho-.l by a union than if thoy wore dividod. Not tlio least of tlio benefits derived would bo tliuir increased political weight. All tlieio desirable ends would be obtained by amalgamation. Both Torquay and Formby hail siilferud to a groat extent ill tlio past by want of a unanimity of fooling. Public money had boon wuitod, roads diverted, aud other un necessary and Misplaced expenditure in- autrod, from no otkor reason than tlio want of a mutual sympathy. The railway had boon divortod from its legitimate course by tho want of political representation. Had they boon represented in Parliamrut ae they should liavo boon, tho direction of tho railway would have beon a »oru general bonoflt. All tlio extensive and outlying districts laying to tlio oast, in cluding ths Sassafras, wore excluded from railway bsnofite, which, if bostowod, would allow of thoir produco boing brought to tho port of Torquay at tho nominal eost of 2s Gil, or, puriuips less. Thoro was a must important fact they ahould also consider, and that was tlio amount of capital from Victoria and other places which would bs inveslod in tliuir district if it wau ono strong town, about tho future of which thoro could bo no doubt. The question was ofton asked as to which waB tho bost part of tho Colony in which to invost capital, and ho had not the least doubt but tliut if Dovonport wns established it would be ono of the main portions in which capitalists would invest. Ho referred to tho Marino Board, which, ho said, was so constituted as to tend to all tho inonoy at thoir disposal being dovotod to Latrobo. They hint ono or two men only who looked after their interests, principally tlio Master Wnrdon, who did hie best to socuro propor attontion to thoir wants, but unsuccessfully. Ho expressed his high appreciation of that gentleman's work on tlio board, which, ha enid, was dosorving of all praiso. Ho was suro amalgamation would bo a benefit socially, as tlio whoio place could bo inado at tractive, and that would iniluco many to tako up thoir rosidonco in tliuir midst, but if tho placo romainod divided as it was at prosont, it would novor roach tho im portant position it should. Shakesponro had said, "Thoro is a tide in tlio alLVirs of men, which, taken at the Good, led on to fortune." That would apply to thoir proiont position. If they availod tliom- boIvos of tlio tido that was sotting in in their favor, all would bo well, but if tho opportunity was allowed to pass, it might-' prove too fato. lie moved tho rosulutb > fully bolioving that thu carrying out-- tlio S idea would prove the makin)<\- « district. (Applause). . sacond tlio i — MlF,. fart said ho ro!rty-l,otJ"r .on r to many of ilicin. tie w-.. g HUmig-" , that tho unseemly conduct that haa'luU-" \ itself at tho opening of tlio meeting hi'A ceased. It appoarod to lma that thoro was a slight misunderstanding, but ho hud no doubt that wonld bo removed. Mr Stownrt had put tho mattor very fully before thorn, but hu (tho speaker) did not commit him self outirely to the statcmonts that gontle- inan had inado, or pretend to see oxnetly witli his oyoB, although ho thought there was a groat future boforo them, anil to inako tho most of these advantages it wue necessary to bs unanimous in their ideas. Mr Stowart spoko in a vory sunguino strain, and, from his remarks, he opined that ho thought to mako Dovonport tlio metropolis of the Colony. IIo (tlio Bpoakor) did not go that far, hut ho thought that co-oporation would cauBO tlio town of Dovonport to rank an tho third city of the Colony. Ho was personally interested in tho advancement of tlio Morsov. and would bo elad to soo the amalgamation. There wai soino opposition, ho boliovcd, to a bridgo, but ho thought that tlio erection ot that was a groat thing. Ho had hoard thoro would he opposition to tlio oroction of a bridge, as it was said it would injure Latrobo ; but ho did not think it would have that ofEcct. Surely modorn acicnco could dovisa a structure whicli would givo thoBO oil that sido of tho rivor access to tlio railway, and still not ho detrimental to tlio interests of a town higher up tho river. If such wore not tho caso, lie (tho speaker) would oppose tho bridgo. Ho supported Mr Stowart'B views, and would second tho motion. Mr Dunbar, from the body of tho hall, said ha had a few objections to mako ill reply t» the remarks previouely offered . Cries of " Platform." IN would con- tinuo his remarks where lie was. The great mistake made was in tho inaugura tion of the movement. Tho primary pro ceedings should have been commenced in l'orqay. In place of tliie it had beon taken ovor to Formby. At that meeting Mr Stewart appeared in a dual positien, one as the mouthpiece of the Torquay people — a position he had no authority to occupy ; anil the other as the marionette of the Formby people. He (the speaker) ven tured to say that, lud the plain nnd proper course been adopted, Mr Stewart would have consulted the yiewe of the residents of Torquay botoro taking upon iuuieeit the position of their mouthpiece. He ven tured to say that Mr Stewart would find that the rosidenta of Torquay ware not to be led by the nose. (Hear, hear.) Mr Stewart weuld find that, owing to the late treatment he had favored thorn with, the residents of Torquay had no eonfidtneo in Iiiin or his pet scheme. Tho Chairman ; I hope tho speaker will not introduce any personal remarks. Mr Dunbar : I do not think I am doing so. Mr Raftery : Take tho platform. Mr Dunbar, continu ing, said that they were there to lieur all tlio arguments, end lie was quite prepared to do so, and ho convinced. At the meeting held at Formby ho went expecting to hear arguments in favor of a union. He was ponto conviction, and wont there with the full intention of boing convinced. Ho wont there to he converted, hut ceino away disappointed. All the speakers hud re- lioved their minds l>y dwelling on the benefit of joining Formby, and tho prin cipal idea appeared to lie, if thoy wore not prepared to go in .with that prettily de picted town, they/could make up thoir mindB to "goto the dovil." Of course Mr Stewart hud .givori them a very pretty pioLuru — (lauglitor) — hut I tint pioturu was MO nico that lli-y did mil Hank it guuil enough to lake. (Latiglilcr.) Ho hud also told thum how th jv would (lourisli. What ho was going to say was, that any monoy Torquay hud could ho bettor employed than usslstiug llicm-oivoi into debt. Mr Stewart had givon tliuin, in another place, ths full idea of how thoy could got into dolit, und tlioy wore actually in tlio position of being without a £5-noto. Tlio speaker hero referred to tlio affairs of tlio road trust, und Mr Stowart, deeming that ho was cast ing rollootioiis upon Mr J. II. McUalJ, a piiBsngc-ut-anus unsuod. Mr Stowart had advanced no good reason why tlioy should not protrHt against tho union. Of course ho iiail informed liioiu of tho iiiiiiiunso ad vantage.. to como in tin way of super vision, and tlioy might, probably, got an engineer. But he failod to sco what tlioy wanted ono for. The fact was that Tor quay was to talco its share of tlm expense, aud reap no benefit. A« far ai water was concerned, Torquay could supply twenty limes its pro<on( inhabitants at atitlioof lite coat which thoy would lmvo to pay if thoy joined Fortnhy. lie was an opposi tionist to thu liaekhotio, und would remain so until lio was convinced to lite contrary. (Applause.) Ho would move, as an umuudmont — "That it is not de.irubla to am-ilgamatu tho two township.;." Mr Twihell seconded. Mr John llaui-y said that lie would iiko to make a few remarks to correct some errors thai had arisen. That was not tlio first time that t lie question of amalgamat ing 1 ho two towushipi laid boon considered. It had licou discussed six or uoven times, ami tlio verdict had hovii un.-.niinoii i. He would not repeat his proviou.ly expressed opinions a. to the dodrabilky of lliom acting in unity. That wu. n tula known to all, hut lie would like to dwell on tits immense addition their unity would uialto to thoir political importance ; and also tlio great natural advantages of tiie two townships. Thoir increased political importance would lead to increaiod ad vantage. U would ha for tlio benefit of both Formby and Torquay. It appeared to liiui that a jealous feeling was rampant, and it would he desirable for lliom to got rid of it. As fur as lie wns aware that jealous fooling existed in Torquay alonu ; Formby had nono of it. That was Ids / individual opinion. At Furinhy tlioy had / tho railway terminus, a fact that would . ' always lnr.ko that thu business part of tlio-'' town, ami all tlio effort of tho people. Torquay could not alter it. But T 0'Qri had great natural advantages. N'iJc.„'|l0 given them evorytliing thoy cede object and to improve tliuin alioiild'Tbat unless of all. Til ay must roy'/lioy euuJd llot -- artificial help wore snisfiolitoC tlioir iiuo- — -- xpoot to reap llio/fd helps was a bridgo position. One o"cb would, givo them a across tlio riyo'C railway, and tlio other direct road-A'ipply of wator. Visitors was a g'.'dhmd districts, tin t from ntiior frouiD'wera unuuimom in tliuir pruisus coloe resources of the lownauips und ist- natural advantages, and Ins (tlio euaksr) did nut suo why tlioy "aiioald not till to them. lie was glad to notice that 4r Dunbar had stated lie was upon to louvielioii, and he (Mr Henry) believed ho vuuld yot lie convinced of thq baliefilj of imulgxm.xtiou. Ho would/give them an o£T>rv "7v"al Fi r'ni'iy "v» w. £5690, ivuiDi'" may aV lie wa» l huamoui man, anu ii-h oean.. uio 'l'-.-vtiou :-n a hasineas spirit. £>-il0 lia'l sai'l II..I, K,.| nby was in debt, i|il trying to aiabm,,,.,!,,. i„to tlieirluoqilios. Tlio fact was tha>. ,t p;usaiit ForinbyHvxs trying to borrow -w.ouJ, which tlw were going to spend o. tli«ir roadways\ It was nonsense to talk .|,ul!t Forinby \ being virtually iiuolvant, us inminst tlii \ Ioau'oO £2U')U limy lmd a ciiphl vaUts exceeding £109,003. Undii thc-.v cir cumstances 1 10 did llot think that Torquay was in any git-at danger. Wliatovor local govurning body limy had there would always he found paople wlic wcro not satisfied. Thoro was alwavs a hack street in every town. It the union was carried the question would no iongor ho Formby against Torquay, as tlio benefit o;K! would ho tlio hentiit of tlia whole. _ They would ho united under a municipality, and, if any councillor did not looa uftor ono place as woll as another, lie would ho unworthy of tlio position. He would net be returned as tlio ropresaiitativo of any street, hut us tlio rcprosoutaiivo of lbs whole. Representatives in t'arlix- inenc wore not merely local dolegalvs, hut thoy looked sftor tho interests of tho colony us a whole. — ilr Duubur : That is no analogy. — Mr llenry said there was an analogy. If a councillor was not tlio representative of the whole municipality, and was a mere delogate of any particular ghost, lie was unworthy of his position. Hs would like to move an amendment, if lie could move an auiendiiient on an amendment. L'lio Chairman thought not. Mr Henry would then put it an u wish. Ho had spoken to many Foriuby joiidonU who a ere alao property holders utTorquay, and they thought as lis did on lbs matte'' which ho was going to refer to. His desire was t lint no ono prosunt fh)lu Formby, unless liv was a property holder at Torquay, should cxercisu his vote. His pioplo of Foriuby, while believing that unity was to the advantage of. Uio two town, wore not desirous of forcing that union on Torquay, tlisy thought it should lis left to Torquay to say whether tiny would oast in their lot with them or not. It was no use them joining unless thoy were unanimous. If tlioy bail not a. unity in spirit, as woll as in law, it wouldr ho no unity aftor all. It there was # majority of the people of Torquay agaiiyc amalgamation, it would not ho right 'rt tlio majurity from Foriuby to como over aud swamp tlio votes of the majority ths people of Torquay, and h» (M'' ' .jp; would he no party to suoli a cottrev. had had enough of tint kind of ''"'K '' tlio past, when it had buoti ,n"» .. coiupol tlmii to juiti with a l")1-'- . which tlioy did not wish to cast in tu lot for the purpose of islf-govunimon-. They did not seek tin union at th« "I'8"' of Torquay, hut thought it would I so » natural advantage, an 1 when Torquay ' ready to como in, Furiuby wa« join tlum. (Hear, hour.) Fur hs did nm. follow tlio loailorsli'? Robert Stewart, or any other mail, autod on lii.i own individual opinimh lie asked llieni to do tlio sat""-. U. j' wore iu favor of the amalgamation <« two towns 1st thorn, by ail means, si 1 1 ths motion, quite irrespective »t " proposer might lis. If 111"' j in favor of it, lut llicm redact on 1 1 lie had no doubt but that relied""') in time, leal to an altera,.,... ... lh£ opinions, and, wli-.-u that imps . ' j asked thou, to record thai." opinions. was liiipnliliu to force a movoniont on a peopla that was distasteful to tliuin, but if a majority of the residents . of Torquay favarod unmlgiimalion, let tliom go on ; if not let litem wait the time when a majority would bo in its favor, ami ho felt sure that1 11IIIO would come, llo desired, as he Cure eluleii, to put his wish as an amendment, hut, r ho could not do that, lie hoped ull those resiilouta of Formliy wlm wars pro- eeut would refrain froui voting, unices' they were property hollars at Torquay. (Applause.) Tlie lion Adyo Douglas was very glad to iind that tho ill-fooling displayed at llio outset bad vani.-hjil. As far as lie was concerned llio amalgamation was of no consequence, but hu I bought it would bo to the advantage of both iuwnsbips. The sum unil substance of Mr Dunbar's argu ment was that, at the present time, a union of the two towns was not desirable, llo (Isprocatod llio introduction of aiiy personal foaling into llio mutter, ami incii- lioned tho iiiimciisu udvuntiige of, railway communication, llial bad been obtained by unanimity mid ou-oparatiun. lie wisbb'd to see the pouplo of the two towns united,' «ml bo, us tliey should, a happy family. To du thie personal fooling would have to he sot nHide. .Mr Dunbar said that lib did liot import any pvisoiiid feeling into the liiallur. Mr Douglas eaicL lie .waa . not alluding to Mr Dunbar, biil ld ilie conduct of oerlaiii persons nt tho (.'oimnencomoiit of the meeting. Mr D. Cocker said that ho would bu very sorry to awiop away the privileges of the smallest ratepayer of Torquay, or deprivo him of hie independence. Tin prumutors of llio niovoment bad not the slightest intention of injuring Torquay, but wished to act in tho host interests of tha two townships. A Victorian gontle inan who recently visited Funnily had said that in ell ids travels he had nover soon a prcttior eight than wue presented by Torquay and Formby, and if tlmt gentle- man, woo was a targe employer n:. lauor, could obtain a suitablo piece of ground, bu would bring bis entire staff to the Mer:ey. With reference to tlie water scheme, lm might say, although ho was not speaking officially, that if Torquay woru to unite N with Furmby anil Latrobe, it would roduco tho tax Gd in tho £. 1'bo Government tvtro trying to formulate a wator scheme timt'ynuld give a sufficient Bupply to tho three t»wna, and if tills wore dono tho cost to el..;, would bo lessoned, llo was Just'-d '"-saying thai tho supplying of water KtlioSjiippinguloiia would bring in JUii, n'ufilruc' correct a state-, mont ot Mr Jim considera- -101- il«.itr r The . . . tUn third 'uvUuvoil Hull. V " in Ady. Douglu wiUl tlmt was not an amomlmeiit, but a diroot nega tive, but the Chairman tided otherwise, nnd put tho umendmeut, ani doolmod it curried on tho Bhow ot handaA . Mr Adyo Douglas called fo.\a divis.on, but a scene of confusion fo Wod, and a vote of thsnkH being oarriod tolho tl'J i- )„an, on tlio motion of Mr J. lomy , tin. mooting cloned. 1 