TOWN TALK." That the mange on horse is looking up again. That the ame old enre, and a few more new ees, will be tried this year. Tat some people ay it isa skin disease only. * hatothere say it Is a blood disease only. Tlbt a third clam say it is both a blood and h'in malady. That a fourth is now wanted, who can ay .ith authority which it really ia That a fifth section is still more needed who ill say what will care it. That a big reward is waiting for that fifth motion. That talking of rewards, reminds the "T.T." san.that the mange is not the only chance wforded of a fortune. That, for instance, there is a fortune hang ,ina-ot forthe man who can tam the playful sadarefua into marketable fibre. That a similar douceur is lying low for the Bmn who can then provide a constant and re munerative market for it. That a yet bigger fortune awaits a third man who, withoat going to all that trouble, will tell the presnt were of it (at its own request) what will kill it once and for all. Thatthe "T.T." man has just heard of a peculiar ciruonmtanoe in connection with a certain DNvisional Board election. That two candidates, when sending in their nomination.papere, sent cheques with them, instead of, as the Act says, coin or bank-notes. That the retrning-officer seems to have been aware that cheques were not legal deposits. That he was not going to see those two can pdates knocked out over each a trifling infor m -? hat he, therefore, handed the cheques over .to the bank, where they were oashed. That that returning- offlcer belongs to a mewbrand of the article, and is before his time by a few centuries. That the" T.T." man never before heard of areturning-olfer who considered it his duty to take an active part in an election by helping sndidates to make their nomination sure. That it is really wonderful what a lot of badk-soratohing .i done during divisional board and other elections. That people have been known to scratch the tacks of candidates who, when they became members, performed the same agreeable cere mony for the previous scratchers. That the "T.T." man is verypleaedtobear that young Beasley will be honoured with a presentation by the Governor. That, on the day set apart for the purpose, 4he boy will find himsael theobjeotof arowd'a Sadmiration. SThat he will then have proof that the path ;of duty sometimes tarns outto be alsothepath Vi glory. That in several portions of this town some senseles individual or individuals have been laying the ghost-also " the goat." That in two different spots in the West Ward a weird apparition, dressed in white, has 'been frightening nervous women and children. 'That the idiot or idiots who have been play. inat this ame had better give it a ret, for at least oa f them could be identified (as is Sllegediy one of the fair sea, who was a little tartled at fit, but afterwards bravely faced !the 'pirit"). That, therefore, the "TT.." man is of 'opinion that if that hoodlum baa a grain of aeselefthe will stop his little games, or he wil go home, some evenagomorning, in such \- plight that his own mother won't know him, * ad- il really mistake him for an apparition of berna. s . . -That the oil in North Ipawich met be very at notwithetanding allthe late drought \- not to mention what bas beensaidand written about thetaling water spply of the town), one resldentlas oorngrowing fully lift. or 12ft. .igh, and s green as it oould be. SThat--where is now the man who will state that the land jn North Ipawich has not a miraeloas- moistrre'oarryingo apaoity I for, of oneo it could not have been watered while the1 ono il were so very jtriot about water-. waiters. ' That there re some despicable persona on That, more's the pity, there are a few of the ?oat degraded of these in this distriot. SThat everyone who has the smallest spark of manhood in his breast will-admit that the. .ernua. who wreaks his vengeance upon a poor Sdusamioib al should be lassed I brute, and is? ot worthy o-be called bythe name of man. That a couple of instanoes of this kind have oeMurredA oatTivoli way, lately. That the'latst ii a cae where imin greasy Measi~a split a poor old oow' eare with a pair of oiu or or some other instrument. ; hat the ,Town Tlk' man i not a rabid .advocate of the Jas, bat he would not mind ?eeing the reature who,.did suoh a trick soejs a baker's dozen of the " cat" acrosm his shoulders. ' : That the West Ends are to be complimented puon their viotory,on Saturday lat, against the risbaneitea. ,Thatthe batting of P. A. obin and Charlie Martin (espeoially that of the former) was a treat to al admirers of the noble game. That the nly thing which the Limestoneites \- ould bt enlogiased about was their wretched fdilding. That had this been anything like first.olae (orevenaeoond clas), their opponents would mever have reached the century. That 'ome of the Ipawich men a deservedly down opon the umpiring of the metropolitan -diotator. Thatone.or two.ofhi. decisions were well, not exatly according to the roles of S'hat more than one of the visiting team werealso of opinion that a well.known local tr'ndlerand enthusiastio supporter of the game light ote atretohed a point to play against the metropolitans for the honour of his own town, instead of playinglwith another Bris bane club. That, however, he probably has hia reasons for refusing to play, and, " All' well that ends well." That it is hoped that the win of the Ipswich twenty-two'againt the Australians, on the 21at instant, will do much to forward the game in this town, and to make our senior club the gremier eleven of the colony. Thatthe Zigaris ate also to be compli mented upon their victory on Saturday, for the Foresters are one of the strongest junior teams in the metsopolis, That--H'ere'sto Ipswich cricketer." That our genial pawn-broker (Jimmy Fitz -erld) had a feather placed in his cap, yester day, by Sub-Inector O'Drisenll, who ehlogised him for his honesty in so promptly "ante ing up" the clothes and handing the thief-lo to a onstcble. That the story of the offender, when ar rested, about getting the clothes from a man a stfrange to lkm-who had too many naits, was far too thin, and didn't take. That there are a few more of these good looking oharacters knocking about, thoe com pany could be spared, who are in the habit of sealeting nnproteoted females. That, if they fall into the hands of our S- ivisl sub-inapeotor, they will soon shift their plse of abode That this is the second- it of clothes which lhas been stolen from the u draper's shop lately. That, while gooas are thus digplayed at shop door,. it is ao wonder that weak- minded individuals, or "'professional lifter," are tempted to carry-them away, asadtorekeepers can but expect sash thefts oooasiamlly. That the services fa many churohes on Sun day Iet were very invigorating and reviving. That in more than one church the ther mometer nnat have beenbureting away at over 100", while the congregation groaned away noder a half or three-quarter-honr disconrse. That in some of our places of worship the windows are like rat- holee, and there is as much Sdea of comfort in them as there is in an over ecowded second-clses railway carriage, with Ithee or founr-ytelping yonngate.rs That, at all events, the "Town TAlk" man's piety could only carry him through one service en fasday lat, andthen he had to prowl round for a 'long iced one before he could peranade is sweltering carcase to start for home and a lanila or Bheingold, 