FOOTBALL. Ballarat v Maoris There was a lage attendance of spectators on the Saxon Paddock on Saturday after noon to witness the match between the Bal larat and the Maori team of footballers This was only the second attempt of the New, Zeal uideis at the AnstraUsun game, and consequently considerable curiosity was shown as to the manner in which they would shape at it They were assisted on Satur day by Houston and Lawler, who are travelling with the team, and by Short, a local player. J Warbnck c iptaiued them, while J. Buley was in his old post as skipper for the BF C The visitors won the toss, and decided to begin play by kicking towards the Pleasant street goal. A fairly strong wmd was blowing, but as it blew straight a cross the ground it offered no advantage to either side. Kicked off by Couttie tne ball re iiiaind about tbe centre of a ground, and was then rushed down into Ballarat territory by the Maoris, and a behind was scored almost immediately by H Wynyard The local men transferred the play to the other end, but the ball came back again. Keogh had a chance, but merely kicked second behind for the New Zealanders. The play was somewhat wild on both sides and very little clean work was done Gordon, Christy, Couttie, linker, Crebbin, and others were doing excellent service for Ballarat, and Taiaroi, W. Warbnck, and one or two others were distinguishing themselves for the Maoris. A rush by the latter brought the bill down again in front of the Ballarat sticks, and Keogh neatly dodging a couple of men had almost a clean run to goal He kicked hurriedly, however, aud a behind was the only result Some marking by the Ballarat men put the visitors again on the defensive, their back men, J Warbnck, W. Wynyard, and Lee, were playing well, and offered a stubborn defence Ripper sent up lu front of the potto, where Coram picked it out of a scrimmage and sent the leather through the posts for the first goal At qu vrter time the state of the game was-—Ballarat, 1 goal, Maoris, three behinds The ball travelled about the ground a good deal, the visitors making a number of excellent long marks They attempted n good deal of little in irk mg but wore not very successful. The Ballarat men acain pressed them back on to their defences. W. Wynyard relieved Kipper drove the ball up again, and Ross m irked scarcely a yard from the posts, kicking second goal. The play shifted from end to end, and then Couttie added a behind to B illarat’s score At half time the score stood.—Billarat, two goals one he hind ; Maoris, three behinds Ballarat pressed the visitors In the third quarter, and V. Oldham marked, and kicked third goal, and a fourth was added by Ooram The Maoris took it down again to the Ballarat goal by a good rush, but the Ballarat backs got it away At three quarter time the state of the game was —Ballarat, four goals one behind; Maoi is, three behinds No goals were kicked in the last qu irter, Ballarat adding two behinds, and the visitors one. fhe ball was twice prevented from rolling between the Bvllvrit posts by W Chnsty. The game finally resulted.—Ballarat, four goals three behinds; Maoris, four behinds. Mr J Shaw acted as central umpire In the m ijonty of cases foi bleaches of the rules he refrained fiom awaidiugfiee kicks, but threw the ball up The Maoris showed themselves pretty apt at picking up the game, although they have not yet made themselves acquainted with a number of the details. Their running with the ball and dodging was very good. They marked very well at long distances, but were deficient in little marking, although they were continuously attempting it. In then geueial play they compared very favor ably with the English team of footballers who were here last year, aud gain by com paiison. An exhibition of the Rugby game was given aftei wards by the M lories, assisted by a number of Ballarat players It did not find much favoi, however, vvith the spectators, as shown by the f vet that large numbers of the spectators left the ground after witnessing it for about 10 minutes Most of the senior fixtures hiving been postponed there was an immense gathenng at the match Victoria v Tasmania on the Melbourne cricket ground, over 20,000 people being present At first the game was very even, and the Tasmanians showed consider able dash, but m the two last quarters the Victorians prevailed, and when play ceased the final result was—Victoria, six goals nine behinds, Tasmani i, one god six be hinds. Good football was shown during the afternoon The game was fast, which speaks well for the umpiie’s quick leas and capa billty For the home team the following were ah ning lights —Windliy, ?ige, Worrall, O Connor, Shoie, Burns, Clear}, Fleming, Stiffe, Pearson, Buckley, and Moorehouse The “ tight little island” is in possession of some rattling and in to ..av’s match the following played con spicuous!} —Ryan, Hehir, Nicholson,Cherry (who made a splendia maik in the last quarter). Brown, Hall, and \V Lady W H Gundy, now ciptain of Sandhurst, played with the Tasmanians, and was of material service, distinguishing himself by fine runs The Redan met the Eureka on Saturday at Russell square, and succeeded in defeating them by one goal (kicked by W alsh) aud 20 behinds to two behinds On Saturday, at Sandhurst, the Sandhurst beat the South Melbourne by five goals to four All the members of the Reserve Football Club are requested to turn up foi practice evciy evening at the Western Oval, as they plvy the North Park (the premier juniors of Melbourne) on the 24th, Queen’s birthday, and they also play the Wist on Siturday, the 23 th The Central Juniors met the Star of the East, and succeeded in defeating them by nine go ils to one. The goal kickers for the Central were M'Arthur 3, Powell 2, Arnold 2, Sanders 1, Young 1; for the Star of the East, Kelly 1. A match played on Saturday at the Park between the Wavcrley and Holy Ghost Col lege clubs resulted lu a win for the former by 12 goals to nothing. The Central meet for practice every evening after 5, at the corner of Drummond and Webster streets, as they play the Soldiers Hill next Saturday on the Hill’s ground, and the Reserve the following Saturday in the park iho match played on Saturday at S “bas topol, betw eeiCßedan second twenty and Victoria, resulted in a win for the former by four goals 10 behinds to four behinds. The successful goal kickers were Bourke, Couolly, Clarke, ana Wilson, one each. 