T HE G/ULEty/BQY 'S'pose, Jack, you'd call that there baby show a 'owlin success. Blessed if there wasn't .plenty 'owlin' about when I went up Friday night; and what with that bloomin' baiid and the crush and the 'eat I 'ad a lively hour of it. Old Father Dampier was all there, in fact I never saw 'im so lively, as you notice there's alius a staid, stolid reserve of force appearance about 'im. If it 'adn't a-been for 'im and 'is name appearin' in big type as director bet the thing would a-been a fizzle. 1 Why the four blokes as were in the syndicate ain't known at all scarcely, and they did a darned cute and wise thing in catchin' Dampier on the 'op. I daresay , though 'e finds baby showin' more payiu' than play actin'. Father was 'earin' official like 'ow they came out of the spec, and you'll say they all did big licks. Dampier wasn't in the syndicate, but !e got a certainty of £50 and 5 per cent, on the gross takings. 'Is share was £140. Then the four divided £1800 among 'em. What d'ye think the expenses were? Ye can't guess? , Well, they were about £100 a day. It is a-bein' whis pered dad was a-tellin' that the same syndicate are a-workin' out a beauty show racket. To those who like the scenic artist and the stage carpeuter better 'n the author and the actor, guess as 'ow " Human Nature " will suit em right down to the ground. The cove as does the daubin' on the canvas is a big and an important bug in his way, but 'e should just come in to back up the actin'. In the present case 'e is about the whole lock, stock, and barrel, and a 'eap of work 'e gives you durin' the play. Blessed if I can see what there is in the plot, there's nothin' but higli-falutin' a-spoken, and the actors 'aven't a ghost of a chance to . make a. show. They come on, say a few words, strike a picture, down go the stage lights, there's a revolvin' change and you're somewhere else. That's about the kidney " Human Nature's" of. What there is of actin' to do is mainly done by Bucklaw, Royce, Sass, bteplienson, and Ireland, and darts Cowper aud Bland, and old Bryer. Say as 'ow Bucklaw apes Irving's style very much ; any- 'ow I'm a-gettiu' a little bit full up of his 'ard, mechanical style. There's rather too much of the walkin'-through-the-part business in his actin'' occasionally. This is the weakest part Sass 'as 'ad given 'im, and 'e don't shine in it ; and Royce 'as a capital character bit 'to let us see as the baby-farmin' cove ; while Stephenson is, as per usual, as lively as a flea. Cowper is sympathetic kind as the wife as the villain fellow puts away nasty ; and Blande is a grand specimen of the girl as she as to represent. The mountin' and the general staging are simply mag- nifique, and the crowds are drilled right up to the ' mark. They are workin' on sometliin' great to go oh after " Human Nature," and the Princess' people and the Royal crowd will all be in it. Seed that amusin' cuss Brougli,' Wednesday, 'avin' a look 'ow they are a-gittin' on wid the new Bijou. Just takin' a'run over from Sydney to compare' notes with. Johnson the architect, and Wilson of the Palace about the internal fittin's, I guess, Jack, and to fix up somethin' definite like about the openin'. I was tellin' dad I seed 'im, and dad says it's arranged that the Bijou will be re-opened on the first of February with a new play and some uew people. So glad. Just you make no mistake, " The New Magdalen'' 'as been doin' better biz. than the other piece ; but still it ain't a deuced lot to brag on. Sugar hasn't particularly sweetened the Achurch spec., and I wouldn't bet my boots that she lias made herself a popiular success. Charrington don't assist 'er a little bit ; probably if she 'ad stronger principal support she would. 'a ve done better. Pull the string, and up goes— "Pygmalion and Galatea, " on ' Saturday (to night). It's the only new bill, so there'll be a good 'ouse certain, Jack. Dad saw a bit of the rehearsal of the next new thing at the Princess'., " Little Lord Fauntleroy," which old 'Arry Edwards brought over a new push from 'Murika to produce. There's 'af-a-dozen on 'em, and 'e says there's a surprisin' kiddie, Ollie Berkley, who will knock 'em kite 'igh, as the wee covie as they tries to squeeze out of the 'andle to 'is name and 'is dibs. It's a good all-round cast, and tlieyr'e a-goin' to do it perfect as possible and to boom it . for a bit. They put it up Saturday week. Was a -doin' a bit of a loaf up at Spencer Street statun, Tuesday, and who d'ye think I sees a'-steppin' out of the Adelaide express ? Jennie Lee, 'er hubby, and all 'er actin' crowd. They came right on from Adelaide and were just a-passin' through to Sydney where they- open on Saturday (to-night), in ".Jo." After that she goes to Brisbane. Best payin' showin town just now is " The Beggar Student," at the Alexandra. They've had to add a couple of rows to the circle, and the people are a-flockin' big to the theatre. 'Know who this is, Jack ? A vision sweet, in palish blue, That puts you on the tinter hooks ! Those lips, that waist, and oh, 'those legs ! \- Mind, she's no mild attraction Brooks. Eh ? Well, if you guess again you'll be wrong. ' Just look at that little shake of the 'ead, the prim little mouth, the natty way she 'as 'em all on, and say, if she ain't a little Miss .Go- ahead, and a nipper too, you bet. Ongh£ to do somethin' yet if she sticks to stage work 'ard. Straight tip, Jack, for ye. They're a-goin' to run the piece till after Cup time, and then " The Sultan of Mocha," at which they are 'avin' a go with the chorus at rehearsing. ' They are expeetin' Nellie Stewart home from Sydney next, week, after completin' -'er engagement with the firm. She was 'avin' a ben. oq Friday (last night), and Billie Elton 'ad one Wednesday. The company go on to Brisbane, where they open. Saturday, (next week). Miln is a-tryin' 'is 'and at the romantic drama now, and 'as given Shakespeare best for awhile. Daresay 'e's right, as it wasn't attractin'- as it did last time. Father was sayin' they were 'avin' a snow storm there occasional, but blowed if I knowed what he meant, as I se'ecl no snow storm in " The Fool's Revenge " when ,1 'ad a look at it. Perhaps he was a — no, I won't say skitin', for dad don.'t skite— well, a-tryin' to get at me, or maybe 'e meant somethink else. Don't know. There's lots of difficult bits to get through in the, play, and the part of the jester cove as gives away 'is own daughter, pretty well taxes the resources of the player's art. Miln's is an unequal performance, and lias more vehemence than refinement in it. And oh heavens, Jack, 'ow 'e will rant when 'e gets a chance. The cove as I liked best is that thin chappie, Greenaway. 'E's a-comin' on fine, and 'e puts on a polish and a shine in the part 'e 'as to pull through. The Jordan girl 'asn't the physical strength, the weight, or the experience to make a strikin' picture of the jester's daughter. None of the rest 'it me 'ard by their play in'. 'Ad a smile from Grattan Riggs when I asked 'im if 'e wanted box o' matches at the Royal door Monday night. 'E's just corned back from Queensland, and 'e's the same happy-go-lucky and never-a-day-older sort of cove'as we seed years ago. Two old chums in America are now in town. One is " Rip" McWade who 'as just done the Ballarat and Sandhurst trot, and ithe other is Edwin F. Tliorne, who 'as just arrived : from 'Murika. 'E 'as a good record, and we're a-goin' to see 'im under Miln's auspices at the Opera House Saturday next week in " The Royal Guard." Another returned traveller is the massive party Miss Yon Finkelstein, who goes the churchy lecturin' racket. Say she's " made a considerable pile" since she started 'ere. She's goin' on to Adelaide. ' I knowed the Midgets would have good luck 'ere. And they're 'avin' it. All -their levees are largely flocked to, and the wee things are real interestin' and enter tainiii'. They say that JoeBillin is goiti' to 'a ve big altera tions made in the Yic., and it's to" be closed for a week or so to 'ave it all done up beautiful. Just now the crowd appearin' there are doin' fairly well. One of best things in their programme is the serio-comic siugin' of a wee dart, Daisy Cohen. She's real nice. Bill Whitburn is on the larrakin fake, and gets at the boys. ' Kennedy gets a big share of the coin as is circulatin', and Joe Brown is 'appy. . They 'aven't long to stay 'ere 'cause Adelaide wants 'em. Hello 'ere's rain. Ain't a-goin' to get a duckin', so I'm off 'ome. Tra-la-la ! . <»» Louise Paullin has left California for Australia, to oiiirv in prvmip onArn, .. — 0 — - -- -j. Maggie Moore (Mrs. J. C. Williamson) is in San Francisco, awaiting the arrival of her husband from Australia, when they will depart at once for England. In reference to this par we may state that we are informed that Mr. Williamson's departure from these shores is for the present postponed.- -ED. L. 