THE NEW TEEASHRE HUNT. (FBOSt THE XF.W ItEVlEW.l Towards the end of jthis mouth a li tlo ex pedition will sail from Southnmton on one of those golden quests which for a good many years past none but the novelists havo en- to»-jv.v A. j-i-t- uwuuauuu ui IUQ expedition is (not to name it too particularly) a tinv- island, lying amidst " tho foam of perilous seas," uninhabited save by sea birds and crabs, a thousand miles or so from anywhere. And the object of the expedition is to search for a vast treasure of gold and jowels, which s believed to "have been buried on the isuind 'more than seveuty years ago. An emprise so romautio, sending us right back into the days when tho trade rentes of tho sea were marked out by the blood which the pirates had spilled on them, seems delightfully outof kcepiug with anii-e V 9V vt-ktnlv T— -1 .1 — O .rT'Tu .: -Chenango or tlio Bourso is tho chief theatre of tno treasure hunter's operations. Forfhis is pirates' gold that is buried in this desolate ocean isle, nud tho expedition that is to sail in a low wicks" tune will bo a real treasure hunt. Thoro is a history attached to it already, and it is rather curious. Let us begin with ;tl,o piratos. by whom -11 J \ .' putouo'd mono ,by_ and make it brood, which iiutmoial people, doing a mora or. loss,: legitimate business in such things, consider a prudent pohoj, seems, on the 1 wholo, to havo been ouo ot the most imprudent polioies when tho business was piruay. Wiso pirates when Uiev hud taken a gooffiyprire' 11 to the' nearest t-dfo pOrl, and j themselves unrecoguisubly drunk 011 tlio / "i .Ullli'uitu<1 rum, aud an ocou- -loual stabbing bout, to keep thoir hands in reumil J ?' xvl.'0tt ttsiucss would bo l lw huppy as they boot v ' 011 tlju>" lu "l"-1"1 their boot, and recovered from thu (Win,.,, thTo'r n <?jWL'u»0" blmwl t-au up L n,Ud for uuotlnu' pun. iho tpolish pirates wore those who went and hid their stolen talents iu thooartli, for so surely as they did this, tho next voss.i e ivioi l tlfW iUlHm WIV u, llmu-of-war, which raw Dm!' i 0 u 11 inn Deep sunk in many a desert isle, iu 11.111 nn ocean, thero must bo millions ot mews of eight, moldorcs, mid doubloons, im,d previous stones galore, tliem tlnliv fortune who hid tliu 1 there, and who havo long sinuo rotted " uoIu'mW "'h.0,1"' mouths, wore never able' dhv. . l'". Uul,lu" J!'" treasure hunts of d»)s eutoi'pvlsiitg) butrwshow-ihi); treasures, were' not- nnearthed. The was found, or the spot on tlio mainland, but the chart was not quite correct, or sot quite correctly interpreted : or provisions ran short before tho booty could bo dug up ; or a storm prevented tbe boats from landing; or the crew mutinied; or the treasure - seekers quarrelled and slew each other— the spoil was never taken. The crew who laia away the loot that tbe new expedition is to search for seem to have been in oil respects .a typical gang of sea- rubbers. They ran out from Southampton .-.bout seventy years ago, in a smart schooner, excellently built for speed. There were Englishmen, Italians, Greeks, and a Turk 'hot boys, all on 'em'"— and the skipper went by the name of Old Hellfire. 'Ineir ostensible business waa.pahu oil and ivorv, but it does not appear that cither of those commodities was ever taken on board. Thev shipped a batch or two of slaves, and laiil I tlie schooner away across the "Western Ocean. Fever broke out amongst the blacks, the captain dosed them with laudanum, and the crew dropped them overboard. When in liquor Captain Hellfire used to take potshot3 at his men with a pistol, and, as liis aim was fairly good, he succeeded at last in poppeiing them into a state of high mutiny. They rose acuinst him one night, and two of the Greeks held him while one of tho English struck him through the back with a steel marlimnike. He was bandied into tho sea ; the mate" was sent over t"ue side after him ; the skipper's murderer was voted captain in his place, and the "Jolly Roger" replaced the English colours at the masthead. Running south, tliey caught a Portuguese vessel, boarded her", drowned the crew, 'and emptied thesbip oi her rich contents. There was a Jew dealer umongst the passengers, whose baggage con sisted chiefly of diamonds and rubies, so that prize must have been worth the taking. ' But these pirates were foolish . They sailed with their treasure loan uninhabited isinnd known to the captain, and there they oaried it. Their luck, however, was "not vet exhausted ; they took other vessels, East Iudiamen and some smaller game, killing all crews and passengers, and always carrying liie best of the plunder to their hiding-place on the isle. It was an apt spot to receive snch blood- stained booty ; au utterly deso late and wholly forbidding island, unap proachable, except with the skilfullest management of boats ; a lonely place, shaken and torn by volcanic upheavals, scarcely yielding shelter and water, aud void of food for man. An ideal smuggery, however, for pirates' plunder, and this cat-throat crew iiinde a line treasure island of it, if such there ever were. But it was a fatuous business, this heaping up of bullion and jewels, for the fates were always dead against such conduct on the part of gentlemen of fortune. More knowing hands would have run for the States, realised the swag, got fresh papers, sailed home innocently, divided np, and lived gal lantly on the shares. Tbespoilof the Portu guese sloop would have made gentlemen of them all. Some of the gang thought as much, but the skipper, whose cognomen was Lips, was always for getting a trifle more, and he always had his way. And so it came about that one fair morning tbev sailed out to tackle an East Indiaman, and were tackled themselves. It was not oiten that the East Indiamen of those 'days snowed their teeth when the crossbones overhauled them. In general they were wretchedly armc-d with a brass swivel (never in working order), and a few cast-iron nine- pounders, all hampered np, and scarcely more serviceable than tbe modern British bayonet. Yet these East Indiamen had their holds stored with indigo and silks, and great con- signmeuts oi jcivels and "gold for the dealers in London, Paris, Lisbon, the Papal States, and all other European markets. For once, however, here was an East Indiaman well armed and piuckily manned. She faced the robbers, ran ont her guns, and gave them a brisk good-dav ; shot away their rudder, splintered their masts, and brought the rigging' about their ears. .Then she boarded, put the shackles on tie twenty pirates who had survived the engage"- ment, which took them off and lowered them into her own hold, where they had time to prepare their speeches for their last public appearance in Execution Dock. Nineteen of tlie. twenty swung together on the Island of Cuba. The twentieth contrived to get his | nam clear, and m due time made fits way home to England. He was alive a few years ago, in the North Country, and may Lo alive to-dav. At any rate, he lived long enough to tell his tale, and to tell it with gusto. He was then. el'. .k upon hia ninetieth year, and liis chief regret was that he had never got money enough together to sail in a ship of his own to the treasure island where tlie jewels lay hidden- He hod made careful working charts of the navigable side of the island, and marked down the position of tho treasure, with good cross-bearings. But he could never raiso sufficient money to pro vision so much ns a fishing smack, and worked on in merchant vessels until his strength failed. > In this condition he handed over to a friend his chart, cross-bearings, and drawings.; and the first chapter of til romance closes here. History and fiction both seem to show that the chances are always against the treasure- seekers, and success is assuredly far from being n certainty in ; the present instance. Who, for instance, can say positively that tho treasure has not been already removed ? That is, however, an unlikely assumption, since there is no reason to believe that, after tho nineteen pirates were hanged, their secret was known - to anyone ex- cept tho twentieth who survived, and he appears to havo kept it jealously so long as . the ghost of a chance remained to him of turning it to his own account. An assump tion' moro plausiblo would be, that by the operation of natural forces tlie treasure has ere this been placed beyond the reach of man. The pumicestone and scoria on the mountain ous volcanic rock slips steadily, nnd tbe drop pings of seventy years (to mention no other possible forces) must have raised a big and solid tumulus abovo the sunken hull. But tiis is in all likelihood tlie chief danger to be anticipated, as it will furnish the chief labour to bo undergone ; and with the exact bearings of tho deposit in the commander's possession it should bo no impossible task to reach the wreck. 