Wfc Mrs. Bowser; By Mrs. Bowser. (detroit free press). - At 3 o'clock the other afternoon I accident ally caught sight of Mr. Bowser skulking ahout the hack yard. He had acted very at ( dinner-time, and I at once felt that some- i thing was wrong. A caller came and l opiild not get out to the barn for half an hOur, and then it was too late. A horse stood in the stall, and Mr. Bowser stood looking at the horse. 44 Have you — you -."I gasped. 44 Have I what ?" 44 Bought another horse, after those two dreadful failures ?" 44 Dreadful failures ! I bought one horse and he objected to the neighbourhood. The other, liked the neighbourhood, but you objected to ' liis colour." 44 Mr. Bowser, please don't buy another horse. We don't need one, you know, and you will surely get swindled." 44 Swindled ! I get swindled on a horse ! Mrsr Bowser, the man who can swindle me on a horse has yet to be born ! I know 'em from t ars to heels. I can read 'cm like so many book.-. We need a horse. Here was a chance for a great bargain, and I improved it." 44 I'm so— so, sorry 1" " f 44 That's just like you, but I can't help it. I don't propose to throw a hundred dollars over my shoulder. I bought that animal for 200dol., and just in time to head off a man who would have been glad to pay 300dok I wouldn't take : 400dol. for liim as he stands tbere." ' - I Was much pat out, and after. a time Mr. 1 Bowser followed me into the house, and said : " Just wait a week, and if he doesn' t turn but all right I'll sell him for the 300ddJ. and giVe you the extra lOOdoL" Nothing further was said until the next morning, though in the meantime I heard Mr. Bowser telephoning about condition powders, bran- mashes, toe-weights, quarter-boots, hand- holders, and throat-sweaters. It seemed to me that he ordered about 50dol. worth of those things. Twice in the night he got up anil raised the back window to listen, and he was out of bed and out to the bam with the fist beams of daylight. He came into breakfast : with a smile all over his face, and flnnnnwimj ; 44 Mrs. Bowser, yourself and your child sue invited to a sleigh-ride after breakfast." 44 You don't mean it !" 44 But I do. Not only that, but I, hope to show you a gait that will throw snow in the eyes of all who follow." He had borrowed a neighbour's cutter and bells, and after breakfast I got ready. Mr. Bowser said it was better to make our start from the bam, and when I got out there Ifound a lengthy, raw-boned, wild-eyed equine pawing the floor and working his ears, and anxious to be off. 44 He looks dangerous," I said, after watch- ing him a minute. . 44 So does a stuffed lion, but he isn't. How ever, if you are a coward I'll ask Mils. Johnson to go." 44 Mr. Bowser, yon are as pale as a ghost, and all in a tremble; You are afraid of him vour- self." 44 W — what I Afraid of him, or any other horse living! Yovl can't go with me, Mrs. Bowser ! Go right into the house !" I held the horse while he shut the barn door, and I sized the animal up as a vicious brute. I fully expected a calamity of some sort, but I would not back out nor let Mr. Bowser go alone. I entreated him to unhitch, but he glared at me and replied : 44 Have you gone clean daft ? This horse is as gentle as a rabbit, and I'd as soon let the baby drive bim. . Whoa, Claudius ! Now you may go." But Claudius didn't go. He pawed the earth and the air, stood on his hind feet, and seemed ' to have struck a circus. 44 Is this a blooded horse ?" < I asked of Mr. Bowser, who was looking puzzled. " Certainly. He's a FearnangKt." 44 Then he doesn't fear us, does he? And do Feamaught horses always go through these cunning tricks before they start off ?' ' 44 Keep still ! Go on, Claudius !" Claudius dropped down on all-fours long enough to use his hind feet and send the dash board of the cutter flying high above our heads, and as I picked the slivers out of iny bonnet I asked Mr. Bowser if he hadn't better let the baby drive. Just then the beast started. He started with a sort of hop, skip, and jump, which gave me the impression that the cutter wanted to get over the fence into the next yard. After getting a start the horse laid liimsftlf out for a run, and as I realised this I said to Mr. Bowser, whose eyes hung out like onions: 44 He was warranted perfectly docile, wasn't he? This is only his way of getting down town, isn't it?" 44 He's running away !" shouted Mr. Bowser, as his hat blew off and a great clod of . snow whizzed by his ear. 44 But you ain't afraid of any horse living, you know? It's probably some freak on the . part of Claudius. What a delightful pace !" Whatever else could be said against the horse he was a runner. He had a contract to draw us' at the rate of a mile every three minutes, and he didn't stop to count the cost. How we managed to dodge street cars, sleighs, cutters, ; and trucks, and to turn three or four comers in -safety I can't explain, but it was perhaps because I had the lines and Mr. Bowser was : looking for a soft place to fall out on. The brute , stopped after % two-mile dash, and when I brought him up to the curbstone a policeman had to lift Mr. Bowser out and give h a swal low of cordial to brace him up. 44 1 had bim almost stopped when a cramp caught me," explained Mr. Bowser to the crowd. 44 Rats ! " called half a dozen voices. 44 Say, old man, you aren't fit to drive no such beast as that!" 44 Nobody but a fool would have bought such a brute.!" "Come off, old man, and buy you a hobby horse!" Mr. Bowser and I went home on the car. We didn't say much until we readied the house. I wasn't going to say much then, but Mr. Botoser turned on me with : 4 4 Now, then, explain your conduct!" "What?" 44 In snatching those lines out of my hand - and trying to make a heroine of yourself ! Mrs. ;t Bowser, mere is a limit to all things. Youhave reached that limit ! I may not be home again ' this week 1" But he was. Indeed, he has beau very humble ever since. Ho got rid of the horse next day, gave me ffioney fer aspring bonnet, and it is mutually understood that we don't > refer to the past. The Bokhara embassy to St. Petersburg bear - many costly presents; golden aaa saver oma- 1 meats, tissues and carpets stodded withpreoMJus v stones, ancient arid modern armour, '3 ten : thoroughbred saddle htimte of One of \ white 