OUR MELBOURNE LETTER;' (FSOUOV&OWK; CQBBBSrONDBKT) ? J May 20. a A desperate but somewhat unsuccessful' attempt-is now in progress to work up an unemployed agitation. It commeuccd come month or so ago, when a deputation from those wiJO.aliegedlliey caulfl .get no work, to do waited on tbe Minister of Public ?Works, soliciting Government, assistance. ? According to tne statement men inaue, tuc number amounted to 400, and setting the population of the city and suburbs at only 300,000, this turely represents a very Jow percentage of unemployed. While refusing to make work for tnem, the Minister interested himself in ascertaining where it was obtainable, and bo successfully that by the voluntary offers of Government con tractors and others employment was offered to 2000. Hiis, however, meant a removal into the country, where the works are in progress, and as a first condition of accep tance railway passes were asked for, and granted. The next request was for tools, or 5b per man to pay as a deposit ou the purchase. Here tbe Minister drew tho line, but again the contractors stepped in, and promised to supply tlie tools, ana it was thought that the matter was done with. But when a man is determined to be an unemployed agitator ho is not co easily disposed of, and the movement has again commenced, the men asserting that wheu tbey got to tbe neighborhood at the works, but few could obtain employment, and these few 'could not cam their salt.' They thereforemodestly demanded— (l) That re lief works be opened for them ; (2) that the work provided should be in tbe vicinity of Melbourne; and (3) that a Government labor bureau should be established, through which they might obtain employment as they might require. By way of testing tbe statements made, Mr U'Xeefe, the urinciool contractor referred to. was asked to explain, and his version of the matter is that, instead of going along tbe line to look for the work that would have been given to theoi, the ^reat majority ot the men preferred to hang about the township, and that of those who were employed many left, a»d in a number of cases took with them the tools 1 witb which they had been supplied. Needlese to say the agitation ha? not ; commended itself to public favor, aud the Press has been down on it rather heavily. Tho Trades HalJ, too, ha* held severely , aloof, and tbe amount of ungrammatical : denunciation which has been hurled at their devoted heads is something awful to contemplate. Figuratively speaking this phase of the subject is only to be ap proached by wading knee deep in njnngled metaphors and mutilated parts of 6peech. As a natural result of thut habitual recourse to tbe official milch low, which ihe free and independent democracy of Victoria ha* been taught to regard as its unalienable right, tJw position is laid down a« a first principle that ' so long as one man is out of work it is the duty of the Go vernment to Und bim in employment.' Those who combat this view, and even those who refrain from actively advocating it, are all knaves and fool*. The Trades Hall Council is denounced as 'a fossilised institution, stationary, dead, out of sym pathy with the working man, and of no use to him,' while of the editors it is affirmed to be a pity that they could not I be given the opportunity ot' carryiug a I swag for a time, to get a more accurate knowledge of what it is to be 'on the I wallaby.' Lord love the innocent hearts , of these horny- handed eight-hour pylm- I rites; when will they learn that one editor ' knows more about downright hard work than any three of them combined ! The] Southern Tasmanian team or foot ballers wns received with all honor* on Friday. There was a densely packed crowd on the Queen's Wharf as the Flinders came up the river, and the ringing cheers of welcome from the shore were answered by that musical slogan, that harmonious out burst, that melodious combination of steam syren screech and Indian war-whoop in which the soul of the Tasmanian loot bailer deligbteth. It's a pity that the team j ie not a combined one, so as to make it I thoroughly representative, because here the I match is looked upon by the public as J intercolonial, a conclusion which I expect I you northerners will dispute. But to get | back to those inoutons. Brags were in j waiting for the ' boys,' and they wore I driven to the Commercial Hotel, Victoria 1 Parade, where tables were spread, and the , seene realised the description of how— I Pigs, turkeys, geese, before so fair, I All vanished Jiko a shot. , Hams, joints, dessert ; one moment I And then again were not. j There was a very pleasant exchange : of compliment, accompanied by a drop ping, or rather a popping, fire of ifoct ! and (Jliquot's artillery, and then after a 1 pleasantdrive round the 'boys' were taken to their quarters at the Palace Hotel, I Bourke-street. As I propose to describe ' the play by itself 1 say nothing of it here. The JlaHarat strike ghost is not tlior- | oughly laid yet, hut there are ominous | signs of further perturbations. The men ! assert that union men have been discharged who should have been retained, and that non-unionists have been employed who should have been excluded, and again there ie an angry buzz which may develop more acute symptoms. The men contend that in consenting to the maintenonce of exist ing engagements with non- unionists tlie obligation to refrain from making further engagements of like character was understood if not direetly expressed. This would seem to be reasonable, and being so, without the further explanation, which has not vet been givun, the act ap pears to ba a breach of faith on the part of the company. The matter is now under | debate, and ii it result in another strike it I will be a struggle a la mort. That singular series of trials to which 1 I have made reference upon a former occa- : sion— the Cutler perjury cases— are still proceeding. Up to the present the score : stands — 5 gaols and 4 acquittals, on pre cisely the same charge, supported by precisely Hie t-amc evidence. Among the acquitted is Cutler himself, to shield whom from tbe charge of wilful mur der the five men now in gaol are held to have committed perjury. There is another case to be heard when the present one is disposed of, and what course will then be taken with regard |to the con victed it will be difficult to say. The Bijou fire enquiry is stiii proceeding, and tbe revelations made with respect to the state of feeling existing between the fire brigades, the utter disorganisation of the whole volunteer service, the view the officers appear to take of their duty, and tbe scandalous manner in which the drunken meu behaved are astounding those who really thought they knew the worst of it. So far from being protection, the system is a standing menace, or rather an active danger. It is rotten, corrupt, aud iucompetent to the core. It is a scandal to the city, and a disgrace to the men associated with it, but the terrible expose ia certain to end in its reformation. After being entombed in the Francis i ?GrmMd mine,^(Ihe^oiLjBl^e KevrVTear's, i I)ay^h6n tber^vefe drowriSQ by the $-i8li| | of the storm water, j^he bodies of tbe men $)enfijb a^d O Connor wcr^recoVertid on iVednesdny lasV Ws inqu&ft; isaowpro cceding- And. w^fl tigfe lorijj^n^'aait.will ? go exhao£iveiy into the question of tne securityipljihu mine. % Santley? the great baritone, htfjfesd a .warm reception^d^inmemsje Jije_pl-prt„ series of concerts to-morrow evening. Frank Bradley gave an organ -recital in the Town Hall on Thursday as 'a tribute to i the family of the unfortunate insane j musician, PloSsted. -The hall was packed, j Mm ' Storm Fantasia.' which tin*. nvaWd symptoms of poor PlaiBted's madness, was listened to with rapt attention. Haisted's march in D major was also performed, and excited profound interest. The unfortunate man stande committed on a coroner's ver dict for wilful murder, hut of course it is only a formal proceeding. The terrible railway accident at North Melbourne is tbe latest thrilling sensation, and tbe wonder is that only one life was sacrificed. There baa been a perfect epi demic of eimtlor disasters lately, cad it would seem either that unless the matter can be accounted for oa the proverbial grounds that misfortunesnorer come singly, there is something aeriously wrong with the manner in wliich tbo service is con ducted. A verdict of no one to blame is i fully expected, but it will be a costly I gcident for tho country. 