BOOR MRS. MOSSOl'. (from the world.) A quiet corner in a crowded London, house in the height of the London season ; palm trees and exotic ferns raising their feathery nt-ms overhead ; masses ot roses dispersed around : the :ur heavy with perfume ; intense heat tempered by huge blocks of ice placed in cunningly-contrived uooks ; a dazzle of light at the end of a long gallery, and a vision of all that is loveliest and wealthiest and most fashionable in the world ok !' on .s'amitse ; the intoxicating strains of the newest waltz played by the best baud in London ; a young man and a young woman, unheeding and unconscious of their surroundings, oblivious to all save themselves and each other — in short, ' the old, oil story.' But there is ho. happiness apparsut ou either countenance. On the young man's, anger and pain are 'striving for the mastery : on the ' young . woman s appear anxiety and impatience. At length he says, in u low, trembling voice, " And only this morning you gave me your promise.' 'I know I did,' she answers hurriedly. ' But I told you to say nothing about it to Vnyone. You've not done so, have you?' He shook his head. You see,' she went on, you took me so bv surprise, and I hardly knew what I was saying. I felt even then that I must liave time to think it over, and now I've done so, and I find it's no use dreaming of it. I simply cannot, Caarlie. It's no good allowing oneself to have feelings. One must profit by what oue sees amongst one's frieads. I have known so many who have married for love, and regretted it before the year was out. And I'nx not good tempered when things go wrong ; and 1 can't do without luxuries and comforts, and all that I have been used to, as some girls can. We should only be miserable, and grow to hate each other, and I don't want that.' We can only be friends, you know. There is no reason why we should quarrel' — the usual sophistry of a girl who wishes to disentangle Herself when the man to whom she has given every possible encouragement brings matters to a crisis. A look of acute suffering came into the young fellow's earnest eyes as he listened. So be it,' he said, with a sigh, ' since so it must be. But it is worse thau useless to talk oi friendship, for the present, at all events. You know as well as I do that friendship between us now is either impossible or wicked. You throw me over now because I am poor, not, as I understand, because you do not care for me, or could not do so if you allowed your feelings to guide you. Tell me, is this so ?' ' 0 Charlie, don't torture mc !' (How cleverly they do it, these women of the world !) ' 1 have shown you that it is im possible for me to marry you. Don't let us talk any more about it. We shall both of us forget it after a bit; and, as I said jiist now, we can always be friends. Let us go hack into the ballroom. I have thrown " over two men already, and some of them will be hunting us out if I stay here any longer. You're not angry with, me ?' she continued, laying her hand on his arms and looking into liis eyes with the winsome grace which had bewitched him and held him captive for months past. For one moment he laid his other hand on hers and held it fast ; then l>y a strong effort he mastered his feelings and dropped it, and, rising from the sofa where they were sitting, offered her his arm, saying, Angry? No. It is not a question of auger any more than of friendship. You have given me greater pain than T have ever had to bear in my life, but I have no doubt I shall get over it in time, as many another man has done before me ; but not till I have put some thousands of miles between us, and made it impossible to meet you again.' ' 0 Charlie !' she exclaimed. 1 "What arc you going to do ? You won't go to the bad because of this I Promise me that you won't do that.' A 'curious expression crossed his face as ho replied gravely, ' No ; I trust I may never come across any one, man or woman, who would make such a fool of me as that. But I cannot risk meeting you again, for many, many years, at all events. I don't at all know yet what I shall do — for I confess, Janet, I did think you cared for me and meant me to know it. However, let that pass. I shall go away somewhere, anywhere, at once. You will not see me again in London after to-night, and, perhaps, never in your life even hear of me again. But if you ever should, I promise you it will not be anything " bad." Here is St. John, coming to look for you, I suppose. Good-bye ! I hope you may find some richer man who will love you as well, and devote himself to you as truly as I would have done.' Five minutes later the young woman was dancing and laughing and flirting, the gayest of the gay; no cloud on her brow, and no apparent sign of trouble to .mar the serenity with which she received the universal homage paid to her beauty. And the young man was walking to his lonely lodging with grief at his heart, and striving hard to repress the tears which would rise to his eyes. . A few days later great was the consterna tion expressed, and many the questions asked, in the mess-room of one of the crack cavalry regiments. at Aldershot, when it was known . that Charlie Yavasour had sent in his papers. 'It's either money or a woman, you may take your dick,' opined a youth, with a face as smooth as a girl's ; ' there's nothing else possible.' All his hearers laughed, for it was no secret that the boy himself was in a chronic state of misery on both scores. ' I doubt it,' said an older man. ' Charlie is not rich, but he is " his own father and mother." He has never been extravagant, and always seems to have money when he wants it. And as for its being a woman, I suppose I know him better than almost any one, and I never knew him care for one more than another. No, no ; depend upon it he's chucked "up in disgust at not being able to get to the Cape. I know he would have given his eyes to go ou service aud get his promotion soon enough to give him a chance of commanding the regiment one of these days. ' If that is his reason, I must say I think he's wise to go at once. What's the use of a man grinding on half his life, and then having to leave nolens volens when he's too old to begin on anything else ?' JBut no one ever know the truth ; and so after a time Charlie Vavasourwas practically forgotten by his old comrades, as every one is forgotten who disappears from the whirl pool of ' society.' « Ten long. years have passed away, and " Charlie V avasour is standing on the platform \- of the railway station, at Winnipeg, the capital of Manitoba — the large town which has sprung up as though "by magic .in the midst of the boundless prairie. He has gone through many vicissitudes and trials, but has steadily worked his way through them all, and is now a rich man, and the owner of one of the largest and most flourishing ranches in the Far West of Canada. All through these ten long years he has periodically been seized with a craving for ' home.' Bat it is only lately that he has felt himself justified in yielding to his desire. Now, however, ho is on his way to England, and has stopped at Winnipeg on business, which, being settled, he has strolled down to the station to watch the arrival of the train going west, whilst waiting the time for his own departure east wards some hours later. The train is ' on time,' as the local phraseology has it, and the passengers, who have spent three weary days and nights in the ears, hurry out, even those who are going on farther being' anxious to stretch their- legs and gain what enjoyment they may by walking up aud dotvn tbe platform during the half-hour which the train waits. It . is the beginuing of winter ; the snow lies thick on the ground aud a piercing wind is blowing. Nevertheless, thc-y ail turn out, only too glaa to escape for awhile from the stifling atmos phere of the overheated cars. A woman stepped down from the colonists' sleeping- car. She was badly clothed, and looked dirty and untidy from long travelling ; but something about her struck Vavasour as familiar, though he hardly saw her face, which was hidden from him, whilst she helped three children who were following her to descend. When she turned round, he started violently, and, with a muttered ' Is it possible !' strode towards her. 'Janet!' was All he could find voice to utter. For a moment, as she looked up at the bronzed nnd bearded man who thus ad dressed her, she failed to recognise him. But only for a moment ; and then ' Charlie ! Mr. Vavasour !. you here !' broke from her hps, while a crimson flush rose to her fore head. Tlicy gazed dumbly at each other for some seconds, and then one of the children plucked at her gown, crymg, 'Where is fattier y he hasn't come to meet us. He said he would.' It broke the spell ; and Vavasour, recover ing himself, asked, ' What is the meaning of this ? What brings you here ?' ' Ah !' she exclaimed bitterly ; ' you may well ask. You don't know ; of course yoa've never heard. I've sometimes wondered whether you might have seen in a newspaper, or heard from auy one at home, that 1 married Cantuiu Mossop — you remember Bob Mossop V Hemember him ! Of course he did. One of his own brother officers, the son of a wealthy stockbroker, and the richest man in the regi ment; aa admirable rider, aud .a cheery, generous young fellow, popular wherever he went, but a confirmed gambler. ' You married Mossop !' Vavasour exclaim ed, as an inkling of whut was to follow passed through his mind. ' Where is he What brings liim out here ?' 'I cannot tellyoiiallnow,' shereplied, ' but we arc ruined — have lost every farthing. We came to America four years ago, hoping that lie might find something to do. He tried everything ; but we have gone on from bad to" worse, only getting deeper and deeper in debt. At last he came here, and has found some work, loading ballast on the trucks ; so he wrote to me to bring the children, and said lie would meet mo if he could, or, if not, I was to go to the house' (naming one of the meanest hotels in the place, where all- are bad), ' and wait for him there. I must go there how, the children have had no breakfast ; but do come and see me later, and let me tell you all. 0, if you could help us to something better !' Whilst she spoke, the spell which had held Vavasour for all the tea years past was rudely broken. Was it possible that this querulous, hard-featured wornau was the beautiful girl whose memory had haunted him by night and by day ever since that memor able night? A sort of anger rose up in his heart against her as he thought of the long, weary exile he had endured for her sake. But pity mastered selfish feeling — pity not only for her, but for his old comrade and their innocent children, so he promised to seek her later in the day. When he reached the dirty, rowdy tavern which she had named as her destination, he found that Mossop had been there, but had again gone to his work, so he waited, and whilst doing so listened to the detailed ac count of their misfortunes. It was a sad, but, alas ! not altogether ex ceptional story. Clearly she had. married Mossop for his money, and for two or three years they had lived a life of undbounded ex travagance. In liis mind's eye Vavasour could picture it all — the career of a professional beauty and a reckless gamble ; a house in London, a hunting-box at Melton, a moor in Scotland, a yacht at Cowes ; open house everywhere on the most luxurious scale ; a large racing establishment, with more tlian doubtful horses heavily hacked ; high stakes and unheard-of bets at poker and baccarat ; a futile attempt to recover losses by criminally desperate gambling at Jlonto Carlo; and then a crash in the City ; a father not Only ruined, hut disgraced, and disappearing no one knew whither ; Bob Mossop himself with his wife and three children literally beggars, and owing large sums in every quarter ! ' You know,' she said, ' that I had nothing, and it was worse than nothing, for I owed iny dressmaker several hundred pounds. I meant, indeed I meant, to pay her as soon as I was married and had some money of my own. But I don't know how it was, I always seemed to be wanting more and more things ; and when they knew I'd married a rich man, they left off bothering about being paid, and I went on, thinking I could pay them whenever I chose ; and then, when we'd lost everything, it was dreadful the way the bills came pouring in. O Mr. Vavasour, if you only knew what I've gpne through these last five years you would pity me, in deed you would 1 Boh took a vow that he would never touch a card or bet a sixpence again in his life, and he's kept it religiously. But no luck ever seems to come our way, unless meeting you should he so. Ho try and help us ! Just think what it is for me, after all I've been used to, to have to do anything for myself and him and the children. Look at my hands !' Hard and rough and scarred they were, indeed, unrecognisable. But Charles Vava sour had leamt many things during his exile, and amongst them that soft white hands were by no means a necessary accompaniment of the qualities which ho loved and reverenced in a woman ; and the hardness or softness of those now held up for his commiseration was about the last thing he would at the present moment have heeded. The shattering of his idol was as yet too recent for him to have fully realised how completely and irreparably it was broken, and he was, moreover, full of that kind of tenderness which a man seldom entirely- loses for the woman whom ho has at once hoped to call his wife ; so during her pitiful recital he had been turning over in his mind the possibility of finding suitable work on his ranche for his old comrade. But her selfishness shocked and grieved hiin, and it was, therefore, in a somewhat abrupt manner that he rose to depart, saying, as he took his hat, '1 am very sorry for you, and do not at present see my way towards helping you and Mossop. But I will think it over, and should he glad to see him once more if he can manage to meet me at the station half an hour before the train going east leaves.' He held out his hand, which she took in both of hers, and then, with a shadowt of her" old grace, said, 'You are no married?' ' Not yet,' lie replied. ' But when I return I shall hope to bring a wife with me. I am tired of loneliness.' What prompted him to this answer he could never have told. Until that moment no idea of marriage ever crossed his brain, and six hours previously he would have sworn to live and die true to the memory of his one ideal. She still hold his hand, and, looking up in his face with her haggard, faded eyes, said in a low voice, ' Charlie, I must tell you ; I never really cared for anyone but you. I sent you away because I wanted to marry a rich man. But I hated doing it, and have been miserable ever since, and all through these years I have thought of you and longed to see you again.' He dropped her hand quickly, and said very sternly, ' Never let me hear such words again, Mrs. Mossop. The past is the past, and yon cannot recall it. Let it rest in its grave for ever. Good-bye !' and without another look he was gone. \- » An autumn morning in the most perfect of autumn climates. The sky without a cloud, air more invigorating than words can describe, and hot a breath of wind. Charlie Vavasour and his wife are riding quietly over the prairie. They have been for a wolf-hunt with their deer-hounds, and after two capital runs have ridden on to an outlying part of the ranche, where Captain Mossip has charge of some horses and cattle. They have had a cap of coffee with him and his family in his comfortable though rude log-hut, and are now on their way home to breakfast. ' I cannot think where I've seen Mrs. Mossop before,' says Mrs Vavasour. 'Do you know who she was, Charlie? I seem to know her face quite well, but can't remember where I've seen it.' Vavasour hesitates for a moment, and then says, ' Do you remember a photograph I showed you of Janet Etheridgc ?' ' That lovely, girl whom yon said was the only one you ever cared for until you met me.' Yes: of course, I remember her. You said she was dead.' ' Forjrive mc, dear,' he says, smiling, ' I only told you half a truth. Her ghost still haunts the world, and you have seen it this morning.' Mrs. Vavasour for a second or two looked puzzled. Then riding close up to her husband and laying her hand caressingly on his arm, said : ' You meant that all that had made her lovable to you was dead ?' He nodded. ' Ah, Charlie 1- then now I can understand why you so often speak of her as "J Poor Mrs. Mossop !" V 