I BIBLE BUNDA T IN ROCKHAMPTON. That the many dissensions of the Protea tant Church ure, after all, only eurfeoe differencea, ia made fully evident every «ow and again, bat never more emphatically thea when the Rev. Mr. Robjohna, the travelling representa- tive of the Britiab and Foreign Bible Society, pays ns his annual visit. At that time not only de the variouB sections of thia great division of Christendom gather round thia, one of the greatest of oar religiooa societies, bat all the ministers give formal évidence of tbis unity by preachiug on the apeoisl work of that society, and the Book which it scatters broadcast over the earth. Yesterday waa the day appointed for theae yearly sermona, and every minister in the town took part in the work j while at Ema Park Canon Brownrigg alao atepped into line with bia brethren, in addition to the aarmona advertised in oar Saturday's issue-eleven in all-tbs Rev. Mr. Williams, of the Primitive Methodist Church, and the Bev. Mr. Moorhead, of the John Knox Presbyterian Church, alao preached with special refereace to the work of the Bible Society. One notable omission from the liât of preachers on this occasion-the Bev. Mr. Hartley-la ex- plained by that gentleman's absence from Rockhampton. When the number rubB into the teena, it ia itnposLlble, from reasons of apace, to give even the moat meagre summary of each sermon, so we append abbreviated reports of the discourses preached by the Rev. Mr. Robjohna, the representative of the Bible Society ; the Rev. Dr. Hay, of the Scotch Church, President of the Rockhamp- ton branch of the Society ; and the Rev. Mr. DiggenB. of the English Church. THE ONITV OF THC EIBLÍ. At the morning service ia the Baptis' Church, Denison-street, the Ber. Mr. Bob johns preached on "The Unity of the Bible.' i be text wa« taken from Etekiel, xliiichap. 2nd verse. " Behold the glory of the God of Israel comes from the way of tbe Bast, and His voiec was like the sound of many waters ; and the earth shined with His glory"-the dawning of revelation from the east, and progress westward, till west meets east again. Gird- ing the earth ! The blending of many sounds into the one divine voice ! And now—is it not written in the chronicles of the Bible Society-the earth shining within the glory of The Eternal. The preacher pointed out that the Bible was unique in many ways ; in its unity for one thing. Here were sixty-six books by more tban forty writers, composed in different ianda and circumstances, over a period of 1500 years, and yet the impress of oneness was upon them all. There is nothing like ft in the world of books-English, French, Italian, Greek, or Roman- In fact, the Koran, the product of one mind, was a jumble compared to it. It is an extraordinary faot, that the unity is admitted universally ; this of itself is a presumptive argument in its favour. The Book looks like a miscellany, a magazine of mixtures, with parts as diverse ss Deuteronomy, Isaiah, Mark, Romans, and yet the world will have it that it is one book. The Jew has no doubt of the Unity of the Old Testament. The Christian, when only a part of the New Testament is given to a heathen peopie, feels as if the seamless robe of Christ is rent. So firm is the sense of unity that most people have a difficulty in seeing that the Bible is in reality a library of many books. Such an impression, such a universal convic- tion, must have an adequate cause, and the cause is the real oneness of the Bible. Illus- trations of the unity of the Bible were given. 1\. It is one in its subject—God. The Bible makes God the centre of the universe. This would be wonderful as the characteristic of the Bible, even if atheism were true, and the Bible only a poetic dream. The preacher passed in review tbe sublimity of the Bible revelation of God—its gradual development— the way in which it is suffused and veiled by the tenderest emotion-the broad universalism of the revelation of God, not merely ior scholars, still less for scientific pedants alone, but ior men and women and children. Here it was shown that the fine Christian doctrine, of the immanence of God, justified the expres- sions of the Old Testament, suoh as " He bowed the heavens also, and came down. He made darkness pavilions round about him. -dark waters and thick clouds of the skies." Through naturalistic expressions like these even children could come to know God, and rise into communion with Him. "This con- ception of God "-says Ruskin—which is the child's, is evidently tbe only one which for us can be true. The moment that in our pride of heart we refuse to accept the condescension of the Almighty, and desire Him to rise up before us into His glory, we hoping that by standing a grain or two of dust of human knowledge higher that our fellows, we may behold tbe Creator as He rises, God takes us at our word. He rises into His own in- visible and incommunicable majesty. He goss further upon the ways, whioh are not our ways. He retires into the thoughts whioh are not our thoughts. We are left alone, and presently we say in our vain heart-" There is no God." 2. The Bible is one in the under lying story—that of the recovery and estab- lishment of the rule of God over the souls of men—the story of an invisible Kingdom of God 1 3. The Bible is one in its ethical style-it unites for ever religion to morality, and morality to religion. 4. It is one, in its sublime silence as to the empires of this werld, their kings, conquerors, and achieve- ments, lu youth we miss these worldly grandeurs in the Book. But is not the Bible justified? Where are Babylon and the rest to-day ? Go to the mounds over the graves of dead empires for the answer. But where are the kings, the kingdom, and the righteousness of which the Bible speaks ? Thy word is like a starry host, A thousand rays of light Are seen to cuide the traveller. And make his pathway bright. Thy Word la like a glorious choir, And loud Its Anthems ring, Though many tongues and parts unite lt is one song they star. THE BIBLE AND THE WORKING CLASSES. In the Presbyterian Church, the Rev. ' Dr. Hay, preached at the eveniog service on "The Bible and the Working Classes," chosing for his text the words " Therefore all things whatsoever ye would that men should do unto you, do ye even so to them ; for this is the law and the prophets,"-Matt., vii. chap, 12 ver. In introducing hi« subject Dr. Hay spoke of the work and aims of the British and Foreign Bible Society-the publication and dissemination of the Holy Scriptures throughout the whole world as the supreme rule of man'e faith and guide of his life. Not only, he said, are the large branches of the human family to which the Bible, and the God of the Bible, and tbe Saviour whom he bas sent to men, unknown ; but even in Christian lands there are vast numbers of men, one might almost say classes of men, by whom in many of the most important relations of life the teachings of the Bible are practically ignored or ex pressly rejected. These opponents of the Bible and of Christianity include a very large number of those classes of society which we designate the working classes. This is more especially the case in the older countries of the world, and is most notable where industrial activity is most highly developed. For all industrial enterprised capital is required-that is wealth already realised and lying ready to be applied for the provision of raw material, tools, and machinery, and the payment of wages to support the workman nntil his pro- ducts reach the market and are turned into money. But how is the wealth result- ing from the labour of the workman the capital and skill of the employer in directing it to be divided? Out of that that question has sprung the war now raging almost all the world over between capital and labour. In past times the toilers in the field and the workshop have counted for far too little. It is not many centuries since wages were fixed by Act of Parliament, and men were imprisoned who refused to work for them; nay, even on British soil, men and women were bought and sold with the coal mines is which they worked. But the tables are now turned. Combinations of capital are met by combinations of labour. It were well if nothing more than this could be said ; but beneath and behind this defensive movement of labour, there are other movements, which threaten to extinguish the right of personal property, to overthrow all government, to subvert all civilisation, and to arrest the pro- gress of Christianity itself. There are those who tell us that the teaching of Christ was a pure socialism or communism, and yet it is among those who are striving to bring about this state of things that are to be found the most bitter opponents of Christianity. There is here a betrayal of the conviction that practical Christianity is not socialism or com- munism in their sense of the terms. The Socialist says " Property is theft, it is the result of spoliation," and commands every man who has more than his neighbour to "stand and deliver." It is hardly ne- cessary to say that a system which thus kills at its very birth all diligence and thrift and temperance, cannot but be the deadly foe of Christianity, of that Christianity which is taught by Christ himself, and which He has presented to us in its distilled essence in the sermon on the mount, and in its very quint- essence in the words of the text. But this enmity to Christianity in the quarters re ferred to is the offspring of ignorance of what Christianity is, and of what it has done—an excusable ignorance—for capital has not always been used for Christian objects or on Christian rules. Nay, in the frantic struggle for wealth, the rights of the poor, whose sole capital lies in their health and strength and skill have too often been trampled under foot. Is Christianity therefore the enemy of the working classes ? Men that profess to be Christians may be, but not Christianity itself. Christ proclaimed the manhood of men—of all men, and the rise of labour against capital in these later days is at bottom the outcome of the triumph of this principle—a principle of which the Church of Christ has throughout these eighteen cen- turies been the only, though possibly some- times a feeble, exponent and defender. To what power is the overthrow of slavery and serfdom to be traced ; and to what power can the toiling millions still look for the ameliora- tion of their condition, but to that of Christianity, which teaches the brotherhood, equality, and liberty of men. The philosophy of materialism, whose grand law is the "survival of the fittest," is surely a broken reed to lean upon. It substitutes brute force for justice and charity. And it is just here that the imminent danger of the working classes lies—in the temptation to substitute a policy of selfishness and violence for that of equity and reason. Selfish tyranny has in past ages, and even in Christian lands, held uncurbed sway. But the remedy for what remains of these in the world is not to be found is the abolition of personal rights, in the socialistic division of the hard-earned gains of the diligent and frugal among the lazy and improvident, or in the uprooting of all institutions that embody social rank and distinction. No scheme will ever succeed for the eradication of the evils under which the working classes labour that does not recognise on the one hand the right of each individual to enjoy the reward of his diligence, frugality, and ability, and on the other the duty of all to give due consideration to the rights of others. Christianity—the religion of the Bible—gives distinct promi- nence to both. It promises prosperity and abundance to the industrious; and the promise implies that that prosperity and abundance are to be enjoyed by him who honestly gains them. It denounces poverty as the deserved punishment of the slothful, the gluttonous man, and the drunkard. But Christianity provides against the abuse of riches by teaching men that they are but the gift of God wherewith to do good and com- municate to those who are in want, by incul- cating pity and benevolence towards the poor, consideration for the feelings and interests of others ; in short, the doing unto others as we would that they should do unto us. It is not the Bible, it is not Christianity, that is to blame for man's inhumanity to man, but igno- rance and unbelief of the Bible as the Word of God, and of Christianity as a rule of life. The law of Moses, alike with the law of Christ, denounces the man who oppresses or defrauds the hireling in his wages; the rich man clothed in purple and fine linen, and feasting sump- tuously every day, who leaves Lazarus uncared for at his door ; the usurer who grinds the face of the poor ; and the oppressor who perverts the judgment of the widow. How, then, are we to account for suoh things as have recently taken place at Newcastle, on our own shores, and in London, and that on a scale altogether, or almost, unprecedented. They have a connection with the religion of the Bible, for they are the assertion of that man- hood which the Bible alone has fully taught. But the system of selfish exaction of the full tale of work for inadequate pay, the utter disregard of the robbery perpetrated upon the toiling worker by the man who is merely an agent in hiring him, and the stolid ignoring of all complaint—as if to complain were itself a crime—these could have place in a Chris- tian land only because Christianity is itself ignored. It is in the promotion of the Bible, and in that alone, that the hope of the working classes lies. Socialism, with its equal division of wealth, has no hope for them, for, with the equal division of wealth, the great incentive for its creation is extinguished. Socialism means at first an equal diet for all, to be fol- lowed by the struggle for existence, and the survival of the fittest. Ancient Sparta was more merciful, for it allowed not tbe weakly infant to live. But the heart of the community is still sound and true. No nobler testimony has been borne to the power of that principle of love, which is the essence of Christianity, than the tide of sympathy which has converged in London and its dock labourers from all quarters of the world. Is there any but a Christian commu- nity where such a thing would have happened ? Surely there is here some proof of the divine origin of our most holy faith. The Bible that brings to us the message of salvation, that cheers us in our griefs and sufferings with its comforts and promises, that has done so much in the past for the downtrodden and oppreseed, will be our best guide in solving the difficul- ties, and smoothing down the asperities, that arise in our complicated social system. Capital and labour, employers and employed, must alike own its authority, and guide their relations by the divine rule-" Whatsoever ye would that men should do unto you. do ye also so unto them." The rev. gentleman closed by commending the British and Foreign Bible Society to the warm support of Chris- tians of all classes. THE HOLY SCRIPTURES, THEIR AUTHORITY AND USE. The Rev. \V. A. Diggens, preached in St. Paul's, at the morning service, on "The Holy Scriptures, their Authority and Use," taking for bia text the wordB-"All Scrip- ture is given by inspiration of God, and is profitable for doctrine, for reproof, for cor- rection, for instruction in righteousness." j 2url Timothy, iii. chao , 16th verse. Mr. Diegene commenced by remarking that before we proceed to found doctrine upon any text of the Bible, we must con- sider the passage in the light of its sur- roundings, taking text with context, and com- paring our conclusions with the general teach- ing of Holy Writ upon thc subject. We most also be exceedingly careful to arrive at the true sense ard meaning of the words. And for this purpose it is most essential that we should go back to the language in which the words were originally uttered. Now, apply- ing the first of these broad rules to the text, we find that it contains a truth which, after verifying the translation, we may at once accept. But a reference to the Greek shows us that our present authorised version does not perhaps give us the best and most correct rendering. The literal meaning of the Greek words is this—" Every divinely inspired Scripture is also profitable for teaching, for conviction, for correction, for discipline in righteousness." And this is practically the rendering of the revised version. Now, it must be evident to all that there is a wide difference between the assertion that "all Scripture is given of God," and the simple reference to " every divinely-inspired Scrip- ture." You will see this more clearly by analogy, for in the one case it is as though you said " Every man is educated and capable of teaching/'and in the other, " Every educated man is also capable of teaching." If you de: dare that all Scripture is given by inspiration of God, you lead man to believe that all books which they may regard as Scriptures are God- inspired, and I need hardly remind you that these vary in different parts of Christendom. In our own church, the Canon of Holy Scrip- ture is fixed by the sixth article, and com- prises those books of the Old and New Testa- ments, which are found in the authorised version in common use. The Latin Church has its Douay version, which includes the greater part of the Apocrypha, and the Greek Church, after many disputes and discussions, followed the example of the Roman com- munion, and canonized the Apocrypha too. Tell members of any of these three great branches of the Catholic Church that "all Scripture is given by inspiration of God," and they will, of course, understand the words to refer to their own particular Bibles. But when you speak of every divinely-inspired Scripture, you allude to particular writings that were penned under the direct influence and guidance of the Holy Ghost ; snd yon leave the Church at liberty to decide what these are, and also (should it ever prove necessary) to correct any mistakes that may have been involuntarily made in the past. Now, what are the inspired books? How was it, how could it be determined which of the many writings that have been given forth to the world were inspired or not ? That is a question which for ages agitated the mind of Christendom. In the early Christian Church, the only received Scriptures were those of the Old Testament. It was to them that St. Paul referred when he wrote his epistles to Timothy. For a long time the words of Christ were passed orally from mouth to mouth. By-and-by, one evangelist after another set himself the task of recording in writing the utterances and works of the Saviour. But even when they had been put into manuscript, they did not immediately become the common property of the Church. Then, too, epistles had been written to different churches, and these were not collected for a considerable time. So two or three oeuturies elapsed before anything ap- proaching a complete New Testament was collated. And for many centuries more the Canon was subjected to successive criticisms and revisions. In answer to the question previously put, the preacher states generally that upon the Church devolved the solemn and important duty of deciding which were divinely inspired Scriptures, and which were not. lt was a difficult task indeed, and the outcome is not universally the same. But for our part we are fully satisfied with the result as it concerns ourselves, and are content to accept our English Bible as the very Word of God. Of course we must not overlook the fact that, of late years, much critical knowledge and great historical research have been brought to bear upon the Holy Scriptures. Scholars argue with much force, that some of the books of the Bible have other authors than those popularly ascribed to them—that the first six books of the old Testement show strong evidence of several different narratives being interwoven into one, and that portions of the same. Testament were written at times other than those to which we attribute them. But even so, we are satisfied to await patiently the final issue of these learned researches—confi- dent that God will guard His faith, and that the truth will stand fast for ever. We believe the Holy Catholic Church, and we believe the Scriptures which she has placed in our hands, And even if it ever comes to pass that our present Canon of Holy Scripture has to be amended, the same authority which decided the Canon in the past will have the power to revise it in the future, and the Church of God will still have a true and living word to offer us, sufficient to guide us unto all truth, and to lead us in the way everlasting. And could we imagine the most extreme case, viz., that some of our accepted Scriptures are proved not to be divinely-inspired, we should have enough, aye, infinitely more than enough, undisputed Scripture left to us to establish and confirm us in the truth, and to teach us to " hold fast the Catholic faith," " the faith as it is in Jesus." We accept then the Word of God on the authority of His Church, and we do it all the more readily because St. Paul teaches us that "the Church of the living God is the pillar and ground of the truth, and one of our thirty-nine Articles assures us that she is its witness and keeper. But while, on the one hand, we accept this fact, let us, on the other, never forget that every divinely inspired Scripture is in deed and in truth the very Word of God-breathed into by the Third Person of the ever-blessed Trinity. " Holy men of old spake as they were moved by the Holy Ghost." Mr. Diggens proceeded to show that Jesus Christ was in the highest sense the very Word of God-the centre and heart and life-the Alpha and Omega of the Soriptures. He then passed on to explain how every inspired Scripture is profitable for teaching, for conviction, for correction, for instruction in righteousness, and how there is no circumstance of life in which it has not a message of hope, or comfort, or counsel, or warning for the Christian. The preacher concluded with an earnest appeal to the con- gregation, now that the Bible was within reach of all, to use it right well, and to Btrive to see Jesus Christ the Personal Word of God ever presenting Himself to them in the Written Word. Among the entertainments provided in tbe Paris Exhibition is a self-charming seance. The charmera are the Ai'ssaouans of Algeria, who go through a series of acts and incanta- tions, mostly in the style of the witcbeB is "Macbeth," before beginning operations. They first make a pandemoniac noise on a kind of big drum, which goes on crescendo until tbe Deity has heard their muttered prayers, and bas been propitiated by the bor I rible rolling of their ocular apparatus. Sod- denly tbe noise ceases ; and, amid silence, one ol tbe chief mes of the tribe brines a cauldron on the stage, and, with a grand sweeping gesture, throws a powder into it, (rom which rises a light white smoke. Then the chief is held over the cauldron and sniffs its contents until be is partly intoxicated by thc gases, after which he throws himself like a wild cat oo a nice bed of ground glass and prickly cactus leaves, which be eats, or pretends to, with avidity. Bis friends accompany his motions with the tumultuous music of the "tarabouk," or aforesaid big drum, and be finally goes to a «eat on the stage full of holy serenity, and thoroughly competent to ac- complish anything with the snakes and ser- pents who, owing to all these preliminary antics, are an unconscionably long time coming on the scene. When the chief Bits down one oi bis assistants is held over the cauldron, and goes through all the contortions and convolu- tions over again, after which he beseeches tbe " boes " charmer to give him the case contain- ing the serpents. When tbe request is com- plied with, the deputy charmer receives the box with joy, opens it, and takes out a few coils of vipers, whioh be coolly puts round bis neck. The creatures peck away at the man's flesh. But be enjoyB their bites without fear ; for he bas probably reodercd thc ophidians inocuous. When the viperB have been put back In their box another Ai'Baouan sorcerer rises, and performs the " needle trick," which consists io pricking himself with a long thick needle all over tbe body. Be never bleeds ; for he haB previously rendered his muscles bloodless by compression. Tbe same per- former also pretende to gouge his eye ant, and to bore through his brains. The spectacle 1B horrible, and is equalled lu disgusting details by the charmer, who allows a scorpion to creep all over Ms face, and then swallows it. A would be wit once said, speaking of the fair sex, " Ab, it's woman's mission to make fools of men I" ' ' And how vexed we are," said bright-eyed lady present, " to find that Nature bas so often forestalled tu 1" 