LUTHERAN CHURCH, HORSHAM. LAYING THE FOUNDATION STONE. A large number of persons comprising representatives of all denominations and including the hon. Messrs. Sargent, M.L. C. and Madden, M.L.A. and Mr. R. Baker, M.L.A., assembled on Friday afternoon to witness the ceremony of laying the founda- tion stone of the above church. A marquee had been erected and seats provided for the accommodation of ladies of whom there were a good number. The site selected for the erection of the edifice is on the vacant land close to the residence of Mr. John Langlands, in Darlot-street. The pastors in attendance were the Rev. L. Herlitz, the head of the Lutheran Church in the colony, and the Rev. Mr. Hiller of Murtoa. At 3.30 o'clock proceedings were commenced by the Rev. Herlitz, who said "Let us now proceed to the ceremony of laying the foun- dation stone of this building in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost." A hymn having been sung, the Rev. Mr. Hiller read a portion of Scripture followed by prayer, the head pastor gave an address in German, which he subsequently delivered in English. The document which had been prepared by the trustees to be placed on the foundation stone was read by the Rev. Mr. Hiller. It was as follows: — This foundation stone for the Lutheran Church at Horsham was solemnly laid in the name of the tri-une God, by his Worship the Mayor of Horsham, Frank Williams Esq., J.P., on the 25th day of October, in the year of our Lord, 1889 ; in the 52nd year of the reign of Her Gracious Majesty Queen and Empress Victoria ; in the 2nd year of the reign of His Majesty William II., of Germany; Sir Henry Loch being at the time Governor of Victoria. There were present—The Chairman of the Lutheran Synod of Victoria, Pastor Hermann Herlitz (from Melbourne), Pastor Carl George Hiller (from Murtoa); the trustees for the church Friedrick Modra, Jo..... mann Reinholtz, Hermann ..... Seeliger ; the treasurer, Fer.... the secretary, Ernest M...... numerous assemblage of m.... gregation, other Lutherans a.... citizens. The Synod of Victoria, w..... tion building this new c..... consists at present of 10 parishes numbering 32 congregations, ministered to by 10 pastors, one travelling minister, and one city and immigration missionary, forms in conjunction with the original Lutheran Immanuel Synod of South Australia the Lutheran General Synod in Australia. Besides this document there enclosed in this stone one copy each of "Der Australische Christenbote," organ of the synod, "The Hor- sham Times," and " The Wimmera Star." Mr. F. Modra said he had great pleasure in asking his Worship the Mayor to lay the stone, and for the purpose of doing so to accept from the trustees the accompanying trowel suitably inscribed. The Mayor (Mr. F. Williams) said that he had great pleasure in being present at such an important ceremony. During the short time he had occupied the position of Mayor the duty had devolved on him of attending many gatherings but he could truly say that he had greater pleasure at being present at such a one as they were now celebrating than at any other. The erection of this edifice was, he thought, an era in this district. He had been surprised for some time that his fellow colonists—the Germans—had not before erected in this town a place of wor- ship, more especially as they were such a good living and God-fearing people. Many societies and institutions in this district had reason to be thankful to the Germans for assistance and support. The great success of this colony was due greatly to the un- doubtable pluck of the Germans. He could assure them that they had his hearty sup- port and he wished them every success in their church work. The stone being placed in .... the Mayor said "I now declare this stone well and truly laid in the name of the Father, the Son and the Holy Ghost ; may God's blessing rest on this building. Amen." The trustees (Messrs. F. Modra, J. C. Koenig, Reinholtz, F. H. A. Scheele and E. Seeliger) pronounced a blessing on the building. Mr. W. Madden said, Mr. Mayor, pas- tors, ladies and gentlemen—I have great pleasure at being present to assist in such an interesting, auspicious, and important occasion. I am glad to be among so many of my German colonists—worthy represen- tatives of a great nation—in performing the good work of laying the foundation stone of a church. I congratulate them on having secured such a magnificent site and I can assure them that they have my most sincere wishes for the complete success of the good and holy work they are now engaged on. Mr. R. Baker, M.L.A,, said that he was pleased to have the opportunity of seeing so many old friends under such auspicious cir- cumstances. He looked upon the building of this church as an important step to all, especially to the women and children. He hoped the young people would grow up in every way worthy of their parents. He would remind the mothers that though they perhaps all had not money to give to the church, yet most of them had children and these they could dedicate to the service of God and his work. It was the duty of those of this generation to instil into their children the glorious principles of Christianity. He prayed that God's blessing might rest on all present. Let us all do right, remember the Book we are all guided by, and although we might belong to different sects, we were all tending one way and hoped to meet in the one place in the great hereafter. The Rev. S. Herlitz said he hoped those who did not understand German had not been wondering what was going on at the earlier part of the ceremony. He was glad to see so many colonists of all denominations present; he was pleased to have the Chief Magistrate of the town to perform the ceremony of laying the stone, and he rejoiced at the presence of the hon. W. Madden and to hear the heart-stirring words of Mr. Baker. Seventeen years ago he and the Rev. Mr. Hiller had passed through this district. They had heard that some Germans had settled in the Wimmera, but they did not know at that time where that was. How- ever, they came to Ararat, which was then the railway terminus, by train, and, engag- ing a waggon and pilot, proceeded on their journey, eventually reaching Hor- sham. Here they learnt that some Germans had settled at St. Mary's Lake, at Longerenong are other parts of the district. They proceeded to St Mary's Lake and found some Germans there and ar- ranged with them to hold a service in Horsham on the following Sunday. They returned to Horsham intending to apply to the minster (Rev. S. Robinson) for the use of his church. Unfortunately he was in Melbourne and the trustees said they had no power to grant the use of his church. He and the Rev. Mr. Hiller then proceeded to a station not far from Horsham to arrange for the hold- ing of a service there. At first they were received at this station with kindness, being mistaken for someone else who was expected. When the mistake was discovered their treatment was different. The lady of the house—-for he supposed he must call her a lady—said "Why don't the Germans build churches of their own"? To this he replied "Oh, they will in time." She answered "Time, they will never have time; they will never succeed out here; they will soon go insolvent and run away." He was glad to know that such a prophecy had not been realized. He hoped the title "Lutheran Church" would not be a stumbling block to members of other denominations. They called themselves Lutherans because they thought they had reason to be proud of this man who had worked and fought so hard for charity. They did not think that Luther was anything more than a human being, but because they belonged to a church which was purified by him they called themselves Lutherans. He knew in what respect and esteem the name of Martin Luther was held by members of all denomin- ations. On behalf of the Lutherans he held out the right hand of fellowship to members of all denominations. He hoped the mem- bers of his church would become living Christians, and go hand in hand with members of other denominations in all good work, and show them that, although there were differences in ceremony and doctrine, yet they were all striving and working with the same goal in view. He prayed that God's blessing might rest on all present, on the contractor for the building, on the men employed on its erection, and that the worship from all denominations might bring the members eventually to the great temple in which "God is the Light." The contributions laid on the foundation stone realized £63, including cheques from the following :— J. Fechler, £10 10s ; F. Modra, £10 10s; W. Madden, £5 5s; J. C. Koenig, £5 5s; H. Reinholtz, £5; G. Meyer. £5 ; F. H. A. Scheele, £5: F. Williams,£1 1s. Previous donations amounted to £200, so that our Lutheran friends have made a good commencement. 