Story Column. THE DEATH SHIP. A STRANGE STORY. AN ACCOUNT OF A CRUISE IN THE FLYING DUTCHMAN, COLLECTED FROM THE PAPERS OF THE LATE MR. GEOFFREY FENTON, OF POPLAR, MASTER MARINER. BY W. CLARK RUSSELL, Author of 'The Wreck of the Grosvenor,' 'The Golden Hope,' &c.;, &c.; [All Queensland Rights Reserved.] SYNOPSIS OF PREVIOUS CHAPTERS. CHATTEI18 I. to V.— The narrator b! trie story Is Geoflry Ventori, from 'whose papers it Is- col- lected. Hn tells how ho^'Biiils- as second ltt'ito in tho Sorncen, under Captain SkovinKton. T.lu;y ' 8pcnk' tbo Lovely Nuncv, near 'tho Etinit.or, and the captain. Samuel 'Biiilock7of Bothnrhitlio, tells Captain' SkovlnRtori ot: having suqn.i.iio Phantom Ship, which aeemod to be under the command of a tail man 'with a crcat-bennl. 'iml ?with a fnco ns of a man who hnildieS and when duR up resumed his death bed aspect. Ho, w irns Ilim against the ship ns ti speeti'e to bo shunned. GHAITEES V. to VII.— As the Saracen, ap proaches Table Eav, Captain Skevinaton speaks to Fenton In a depressed, superstitions way of the Phantom Ship, and fears thit thov will meet lior. ? Alter encountering some rough weather, during which, the carpenter breakB his lei?, Fenton has aconyersation withhim as to the phenomenon, ond as to speaking to tho lovely Nancy which had Been the living Dutchman. The carpenter is greatly unnerved by thn .narration, and says ' I never yet knew or heard of a ship reporting to another of having met the Dutchman without the othermnetlng the ghost too afore she's ondod her voyago.' CltATTEIis VIH. TO X.— Next day the crew aro horrified by the fact that Captain Skovington is found in hisenbinwith hlsbrnfnsblownout, having pvidentlyinamomentof delirium shothimsolf. Mr. ? Hall, tho mnto, haranirues tho men, who express a desire that the ship shall be directed to Table Bay. where she can be purified from the elf ects of tho contagion with the vessel that had seen the ill fated vanderdecken, by tho prayers of a clergy man. Hall promises to attend to it, but tho next sensation is the sighting of a curious craft, silent nnd mysterious, and, as they approach nearer, one pious seaman remarks with a kind of scream in his notes, 'As I hope to bo forgiven for Jesus' sake, yon's the ship that was cursed last century.-' Okaiitees XI. to XIV.— Fenton, as soon as the Doomed Ship approaches the Saracen, falls over board, but is rescued and taken on' board tho Phantom vessel. More dead than alive ho en counters Vandordeeken, the captain, who minis ters -to his wants, and (rives him a change of ? clothing. His speech is of a former ngn— 1653— though he speaks of events of what ho calls ' last year/' Everything in tho ship betokens her great aae. ? The first night Fenton spends in the Death fihin fills liim wifli linrrmv Tn tlin Tilf*^ rlfirknnfm lie,. beholds faint crawlings and swormiugs of phosphoric light upon the beams and bulkheads ; the ? creaking, straining, jarring noise of the ancient vessel come upon him with .appalling effect, but the homely thunder of the sea at last rocks him to sleep. CHAPTER XV.--I INSPECT THE FLYING DUTCHMAN. I had scarcely fully woke up, when the man Prins opened the cabin door and peered in, and perceiving me to be awake, he entered, bearing a metal pitcher of water, an earthenware dish, and a rough cloth for drying the skin. He put down the dish so that it could not slide, for the ship was rolling very heavily, and then poured water into it, and said, as he was in the act of withdrawing with the pitcher, "The skipper is on the poop." I answered by asking him for my clothes. He shook his bearded, parchment-coloured face and said: "They are still sodden," and imme- diately went out. I might have guessed they could not be dry, but I presented so hideous a figure in the apparel that had been lent to me that I should have been glad to resume my own coat and breeches, wet or no wet; but there was no help for it. I rose and plunged my face into the cold water, used my fingers for a comb, which sufficed, since I commonly wore my hair rough, having much of it and hating a tie, and putting on my hat that had held to my head in the water, and that had not been taken from me to dry, I stepped out of the cabin. I ascended the quarter-deck, and, perceiving Vanderdecken standing on the poop, went up to him, touching my hat as a sailor's salute; but the coat l was rigged out in was so outrageously clumsy and ample that the wind, which blew very hard indeed, filling and distending the skirts of it, was within an ace of upsetting me, but happily a lurch of the ship swept me towards a mizzen back-stay, to which I contrived to cling until I had re- covered my breath and the surprise I was under. There was a small house in the middle of this poop, about ten feet from where the head of the tiller would come when amid- ships, possibly designed for the convenience of the captain and officers for making their calcu- lations when in narrow waters, and for the storing of their marine instruments, flags and the like. Be that as it may, Captain Vander- decken beckoned me to it, and under the lee of it the shelter was such as to enable us to easily converse. I looked at Vanderdecken as closely as I durst. His eyes were extraordinarily pierc- ing and passionate, with the cruel brilli- ance in them such as may be noticed in the insane; the lower part of his face was hidden in hair, but the skin of as much of it as was visible, for his cap was dragged low down upon his brow, was pale, of a hag- gard sallowness, expressed best in paintings of the dead, where time has produced the original whiteness of the pigment. It was impossible that I should have observed this in him in the many-coloured lamplight of the preceding night. Yet did not his graveyard complexion detract from the majesty and imperiousness of his mien and port. I could readily conceive that the defiance of his heart would be hell-like in obstinacy, and that here was a man whose pride and passions would qualify him for a foremost place among the most daring of those fallen spirits of whom our glorious poet has written. He was habited as when I first saw him. We stood together against this deck-house, and whilst he remained silent for some moments, meanwhile keeping his eyes fixed on me, my gaze went from him to the ship and the sea around us. It was a thick, leaden, angry morn- ing, such weather as we had had a dose of in that storm I wrote about, and of which fore- runners might have been found on the preced- ing night in the lightning in the north-west, and in the halo that girdled the moon. But it was the sight of the ancient ship that rendered the warring ocean so strange a scene that had I never before witnessed a storm at sea I could not have wondered more at what I saw. She was lying to under her reefed fore and mainsail, surging dead to leeward on every send of the billows, and travelled the faster for the great height of side she showed. From time to time a sea would strike her with a severe shock upon the bow or the waist, and often curl over in a mighty hissing and seeth- ing, though the wet quickly poured away over- board through the ports. Through the skele- ton-iron frame of what had once been a great poop lanthorn, the blast yelled like an im- prisoned maniac, and shook the metal with a sound as of clanking chains. The captain having inspected me narrowly asked me how I had slept. I answered "Well," for I was now resolved to present a composed front to this man and his mates, be they and their ship what they would. I had given my nerves play, and it was about time I recollected I was an Englishman and a sailor. "All vessels but mine," said he in his thrilling, organ-like voice, glancing about him with a scowl, "catch the luck of the wind. Had the weather lingered as it, was for another three days, we should have had the Agulhas on the beam and the ship's head, north-west. 'Tis bitter hard, these encounters of storms, when a few hours of fair wind would blow us round the Cape." He clenched his hands fiercely, and shot a fiery glance at the windward horizon. Just then the man styled Herman Van Vogelaar, the mate, arrived, and without taking the least notice of me, said something to the captain, but what I did not catch; it doubtless referred to some job he had been sent forward, to see. I was greatly struck by the rugged, weather-beaten look of this man; his face in the daylight discovered a mere service of knobs, and warts, and wrinkles, with a nose the shape of one end of a plantain that has been cut in two, and little misty eyes, deep in their holes, and surrounded by yellow lashes, his dress was that of a sailor of my own time. But what affected and im- pressed me even more than did the utter in- difference manifested towards my presence by him and by the helmsman as though, indeed, I was as invisible as the wind--was the pallor underlying the lineaments of this mate. Had I been asked what would be the complexion of men dug up from their graves after lying there I should have pointed to the countenances of Vanderdecken and Van Vogelaar— yes, and to Prins and the seaman who steered. The mate left us and went to the helmsman, by whose side he stood as if conning the ship. The captain showed no heed of my presence for a minute or two; when glancing at me he said, "'Tis fortunate you speak Dutch, though your pronunciation has a strange sound. For my part I just know enough of your tongue to hail a ship and to say, 'I will send a boat.' Where did you learn my language?" "I picked it up during several voyages I made to Rotterdam," I replied. "Do you know Amsterdam?" "No, sir," said I. He mused a little and then said, "They will think me lost or sunk by the guns of the enemy. Add the long and tedious voyage out to the months which have passed since last July!" he sighed deeply. "When did you sail from Amsterdam, sir," I inquired, for I was as particular as he to say "mynheer." "On November 1," he answered. "In what year?" said I. He cried out, fiercely, "Are your senses still overboard that you repeat that question? Certainly last year — when else?" I looked down upon the deck. "I have reason to remember my passage through the narrow seas," continued he, speaking in a softened voice, as though his sense of courtesy upbraided him. "I sighted the squadron of your Admiral Ayscue, and a frigate hauled out in chase of me, but the Braave was too fleet for her, and at dusk we had sunk the Englishman to his loweryards!" As he said this I felt yet again the chill of a dread I had hoped to vanquish strike upon my senses like the air of a vault upon the face. It was impossible that I could now miss seeing how it was. If this man, together with his crew, were not endevilled, as Captain Skeving- ton had surmised, yet it was certain that life was terminated in him with the curse his wickedness had called down upon his ship and his wretched crew. Existence had come to a stand in his brain; with him it was for ever the year of our Lord 1653; time had been drowned in the eternity of the punishment that had come upon him! I lifted my startled eyes to Vanderdecken's face and convulsively clasped my hands, whilst I thought of the mighty chapter of history which had teen written since his day, and of the ashes of events prodigious in their time, and in memory still, which covered— as do the lava and scoria the rocks of some volcanic- created islands — the years from the hour of his doom down to the moment of our meeting. The peace of 1654 — the later war of 1665 — Ruyter at Sheerness and Chatham and in the Hope — a stadtholder of Vanderdecken's country becoming a King of England— the peace of Ryswick— Malplaquet — the semi-Gallican founding of the Batavian republic — with how much more that my memory did not carry — all as non- existent to this man at my side as to any human creature who had died at the hour when the Death Ship sailed on her last passage home from the island of Java! CHAPTER XVI.--VANDERDECKEN SHOWS ME HIS PRESENT FOR LITTLE MARGARETHA. At this moment Prins stepped on to the poop and informed the captain that breakfast was ready. "Sir," said Vanderdecken to me with a courtesy that I guessed to be as capricious as his passion, "you will have feared that I meant to starve you." "No, mynheer," I replied. "You will find our fare poor," he continued. "Be pleased to follow me." "Sir," said I, "forgive me if I detain you an instant. I am too sensible of your kind- ness not to desire that you will enable me to merit it by serving you in the navigation of the ship in any capacity you choose to name, until we meet with a vessel that shall rid you of my presence." "You appear to have but a poor opinion of us Dutch," said he, still speaking with cour- tesy; "be pleased to know that a Hollander is never happier than in relieving distress. But come, sir, the shelter of the cabin will be grateful to you after this stormy deck." I said no more, and gathering the flapping skirts of the coat on me to my side, that the gale might not sweep me off my legs, I followed him into the cabin under the poop, marvelling, as I went, at the miracle wrought on behalf of this ship, that her hold should still yield provisions and water for her crew after a cen- tury and a-half of use. Now you will have deemed by this time that I had supped full enough of surprises. But conceive of my astonishment on entering the cabin, that was less darksome than I should have conceived it, on seeing a girl of from 18 to 20 years of age seated at the table on the right hand of the captain's chair! I came to a stand, struck motionless with astonishment; whilst she, uttering an excla- mation of surprise, hastily rose and stood staring at me, leaning with her right hand on the table to steady herself. It was as certain that she had been as ignorant of my presence on board as I, to this instant, of her existence. The thought that instantly flashed upon me was that she was Vanderdecken's daughter, that the curse that had fallen on the ship in- cluded her as it had all others of the vessel's miserable company of men, and that in con- sonance with Captain Skevington's mad but astonishing theory, touching the people of this Death Ship, she discovered the appearance she would have presented at the hour of her death, though vitalised in that aspect by the sentence that kept the Braave afloat and her people quick and sentient. I was the more willing to suppose this by her apparel, which was of the kind I had seen in old Dutch paint- ings at Rotterdam, for it consisted of a black velvet jacket, very beautifully fitting her figure, trimmed with fur and enriched with many small golden buttons; a green silk gown, plain and very full as though made for a bigger woman. There was a rope of pearls round her neck, and I spied a diamond of great splendour blazing on the forefinger of the hand on which she leaned. She wore small red shoes, and her hair was un- dressed. All this I saw and more yet, for whilst I stood looking at her, the mate of the ship, Van Vogelaar, arrived, and both he and the captain, and the man Prins, turning their faces towards me, the warmth, the life of her skin, the living reality of her surprise, the redness of her lips, the diamond glances of her eyes, were so defined by the paleness, the deathly hue, of the flesh of the men's skin, that the fear that she was of this doomed company fell from me, and I knew that I was face to face with one that was mortal like myself. The captain pointed to the bench on his left hand. I approached the table, giving the girl a low bow before sitting. She courtesied and re- sumed her seat, but all the while looking at me with an astonishment that greatly heightened her beauty; nor could I fail to see by the slight but visible changes in the expression of her mouth, that my presence was putting a pleasure in her that grew as perception of my auctuality sharpened in her mind. A coarse but clean cloth, that was a kind of duck or drill, covered the table, and upon it were a couple of dishes of cold meat, a dish of dried fish, another of dried plantains, a jar of marmalade, and a plate of a singular sort of cakes — yellow and heavy— resembling the crumbs of newly baked bread. These things were kept in their places by a rude framework of wood set upon the table and lashed to it underneath. Before each person there stood a silver cup— one of one design and size, another of another— also an earthern plate, of a grey colour, of Chinese baking and of the kind exported years since in great quan- tities from Batavia, and a knife and fork of a pattern I had never before seen. On our seat- ing ourselves, Prins went round the table with two jars, one holding a spirit which I after- wards found was a kind of gin, and the other cold water, with which he manufactured a bumper for us three men; but the girl drank the water plain. Not a word was said while Prins was at this work. As he was filling my cup, the clock over the door struck 8, the skeleton appearing, and flourishing his lance as before; and scarce was this ended, when the parrot croaked out, "WY ZYN AL VARDOMD." I had forgotten this bird, and the harsh utterance and dreadful words coming upon me unawares, so startled me that I half-sprang to my feet. The girl looked down the table with a sad face, whilst Vanderdecken said, "'Tis the clock that excites that fowl; we shall have to hang her out of hearing of it." He never offered to make me known to the fair creature opposite, but that did not signify, for, after stealing several peeps at me, she asked in Dutch, but with the artless manner of a child, and in a sweet voice, if I was a Hollander. I answered, "No, I am an Englishman, madam," feeling the warm blood in my face through the mere speaking with so delicate a beauty. "I, too, am English!" she cried, in our own tongue. [To be continued to-morrow.] 