THE FROZEN PIRATE., BY W. CLARKE RUSSELL, Author of 'The Wreck of the Grosvenor 'The Lady Mand,' ' A Sailor's Sweet heart,' Etc. CnharrEn XXIX.-(COre-rr~nD.) ' Dy sa,' said he, ' dat Lunnon's a rcry fins plee, sahb, bigger dan Philadelphy, and dat a man's skin don' tell agin him among de yaller gals dere.' I laughed and said, that in my country eolweare judged rather by he olour of their aerts than by the hue of their I(fares. 'ut dollar eount for something, too, sah, I spects r' said he. ' Why, yes,' said I. ' with dollars enough you cann ake black white in Englhnd.' 'm !'e cried he, seratching hishead. ' I guess it 'ud take an almighty load of dolars to make me white, mansa.' 'Put money in your pocicket ad chiuk it ' said I, 'and your facI'll be found white enougi, I -eaecent.' ' By ?lly :' cried he, ' ll do it den. S'elp h mes de Lord, muase, I'd chink twent year forb n a white fuac. Dat comes ob bein civilio. t Tell'ee what dry dew, mama, dee makes you feel like e white man, hut dey lets you ieep black, bhlast 'em ? I checked his excitement by telling him that inmy country he would fint that the negro was e pereon held in very high esteem, that the women in articular valued him forthat very dingineeswhich the Amerieans found distaste. ful, and told him that I could name svetralI ladies of quality who had married their black servants. io looked surprised, hut not incredulous, and said i his peculiar dialect that he had no doubt I tpokee the treth, as he had always heard that Englande wa a inte country to live in. I then led him iensiblv from his topic to talk of thesses andhis experiences, and found that he had seen a very great deal, havisg been freed when young. and keeping to the ocean ever since in tminy different sorts of craft. Indeed, I was as much pleaoed with him as with Wilkinson, but then I had fore. seen a simplicity in both the negroes, and in expectation of finding this quality, so useful to one in my strange position. I was overjoyed when they consented to holy me sail the schooner to the Thames. We went on deck to relieve Wilkinson and Cromwell. Hilly 'itt took the tiller, and I walked to either rail and stared into the drek. nes. It was very thick with occa.ioml uotalls of snow, which put a shramoing as of tortured curats into the wind us they souiete throtgh it. The sea was hligh, but the sctooner was making eacellet weather of it, whilst she rolled and pitched through the troubhlt dark ness at seven knots in the hour. 'Teno noble useful sailing, vet a speed not to be relihed in these waters amid o deep a shadow. Still the temptation to ' hold on all, 'as we ser, was very great: every mile earried as by o much nearer to the temperate parallels, anj'shortened to that extent the tong, long passage that lay before us. I eas pacing tho deck briskly, for tih wind was horribly oeen, when Pitt suddenly crlled out,' I say, mlasoa ' ' Hullo' I replied. ' Sih,' he cried,' I smell ice :' I knew that this was a capacity not cUn. ouamon among men who had eavoragei much in the frost regions of the dee,, "ad inastatly exclaimed. ' Luff, then, luff i shake the way oet of her!' sniffling as I spoke, but detecting no added shrewdness in the air that was already freeringly cold. He pat the helm down, unt called to the others bilow to come on deck and flatten in the main sheet. They were up in a trico and tailvt ou with me, akling no tureationr, till we had the boom nearly amid. I was about to speak when Wilkinson cried out, 'I sell ice.' te sniffed a moment: ' Yes, there's an island aboard. Anybody see r Ay, dere it am, sure oenugh' mcried Com well. 'Dere--on de lee-bow--se it,? sal See it, Bill"c' Yes, I saw it plin enouogh when I hknew where to lka fort. 'Twand tut such atnotlier luoop of faintness as had wrer?ed the Lauhing Ir Mary, a ma's of dull spectral light upon the thnrbitng blacnins, and it lay exactly in a line with the coarse we hal been steeringawhea Pitt first called out. so that amesoredl we had not ehifted our helm a minlte too soon. We eholl-d and wallowed past it slowly, keeping a sharp look-out for like apparitions in other quarters.and owhen it had diheal parcd I made np my mind to heave the schooner to and keep her in that posture till daylight, inlels tho night cleared. So we got o~f ' mainsail down and stowed it, clewed up the topi-sail (which I lent a hand to roll up) and let the vessel lie under a reefel foresail with her helm lashed. The weather, however. munst have ultimately compelled what the thickness had required?l for hby te o'clock it was blow-e ing a hard gale, with a frlotnet hoarinss of clouds of snow upon the blackness, the sus erye high a and foamig, and the wind crying uadl? in the rigging. I let some time gu by, and then soundel thel well and found no more water than the depth at 1 which the pump sucked. This did wondrs ino e the way of rCresturing hlor men, nhemo were retdered uneasy br the vilent motiones of the unwieldy vesel, andl by the veryn harsh straining noises which rose out of the hold, which latter they would naturallr attrilent to the cralinees of the fabric, though tie tuer oause of it lay in tihe number of loose, movable bulkheads. 'It's asmaie' to me that ste hbtlei t? t-ther at all,' cried Wilkinson, ' o ancient she ' She's osnu old,' said I. 'in the seued of the years she's been in existence. The ice has kept her eouang. Woould the hams and toingurs wC'rd eatinc te taken to be half a century old' yvetwere could you ouy sweeter eanott better mneat of the kind a?hore .A ship's well is your only honest reporter of her eolitionu. tars has vouched in a way thalit loula keep you earsy.' 'Arter do Soosan Tucker tlis it lia?c laen' hang up to dry,' excldaiel one of the negroes. ' It wavr Finmp, lupo here eard no mistake. I call de ae wrry i ?cutiful little sheep, mtosa;: re. s'elp me de Loril. ie.' nuflin could perujade me she ahet what I ate she am.' However. I was up and dlown a good deal duo nug thenight. But for the- toaure Io loitl have bhen le axi iou s, I taresay. Illdu enuIe vh eucceafully to this poitt that I was rveolvvel. if my hoeps were to toliscarrs the misfortoune should not eth owing to wantt i-f vigilance on my part and there hoappec ed an iucidetot whlich inevitably tendeod to slharln my watch funess, though I was Irfesctl consocious there was a milliontooneagainmet itsoccuring a secoad time. I ctne on deck ht relieve Wilkinson, at midnight, after a halfhour's nodding dore br the furace below. hI w enart to his eain o: I sthoId under the lee of a cloth seizLd in the wucather main riggintg. 'ittrrd, a nd r e tohdlot thim he could return tothe coo-hsouse itod rtir theore till I clced hlinm. The hIlm hing t lshed, ant the seheoocer doing yenr well, notlinog wanted uaetting in lartielir, Vet I owould nt have the deck n doondoSel, aold mneat to keep a look-out, turn oeand iur aut with tet. as kinton aed ('romawell hai. l te anow had ceased; but it was vr' dark ancl tchick. the oernat a roarig shalow. aolpitating upon them eyes in rotling filds of bihtkr 'ns, witl tise q'nitiik exnirintag lu-l tof foam to winoward. (tin a sudden, ltakintg over hoe wreathler qtuarter, metiuught I diccrel a theeu-r hbl.o iO the Sight tbhere toat wc? ealo,,we-r ireceptihle. IIt -was like a grolt blot of itok upon tie darkner a. Even whilt I speculteld, it drew out in the shapei of a slhipruanning hforotheb'-ale. She eermer to be leeaditn dire:tly fer is. The roe-f ef mr mouth turned dro el devcrt-eund: \- my tonegue acod limbo refu?.l bts-ir oelkc: I conld neither cry nor stir, tIrieg indtrl ara orzed by the tecrilblo su-ddenneese of tielt alolari Stliou and the immine-lnes of our tril. It all hatppened whilst you could leave told toirty. The great bhlck maaseourged Oh with the watr boiling about the bows: she brought a thunder along with her in her riggiong andl sailss ahsle soared to tiae cfrons of the was shle wae ewecp. Ilg bofore. I could tot tell whlalt ceneas sloe was toder, hut ler esrigt wa a full ten knot., a aedasttbdnotsee her till she was close. she Iooktsl to come titoci as0 weileh a siegle tiound She toedno us to wainlward within a stone's throw, ant vanlshed like a dark cloud melting into the surseanding bhieola s' Not a cleam of liuet broke from her ;veu heard nethiheg but the bolsing at her sows ini the thunderous e olingsof thn b'aln in her cuivas. A quarter tac of the wheel wouhi lave sent us to the bottom, endther, no aalt, eon ol of tee. Whether she was the .hea.,, 7oc;io,. er sOeam othee whaler, or a big tiouth-sea-muau driven low and gettilig what casting she oltod cent of the gale, I know not. She u-ae as couletite a mystery of the ooean neight as aney sellcal fa'h"ie, and a heovier terror to tee thlai a phanitasm worked by ghosts could hero Spraved. I knew such a filing eoull not happln aaaiu, vet when I called Pitt I talked to btam ahout it othough wemust certainly be ruoi down if te didnut keep a sharp loeok-osat, acld when my watch belows came round at four oe'clock I was se aiktatod that I was np) ated downe till day. r, break, as though my duty did nut end till • uhlhbs by spsa ,lmmagsuat ulttkssathae. The gale moderated at azir.s, and, though it was a gloomy true Cape Horn morning, with oa dark driving clouds, the sea a dusky olive, very It hollow, ana frequent small quick squalls of s slect which brought the wind to us i sharp fh nme, vet as we could see where we awere going, i: Sgot the chooner before it, heading her east- or north-east, and under a reefed tlop?ail, main. et sail, and staysail, the old bucket stormed ni through it with the sputter and rage he of a line-of.battle ship. There ws a log-reel and line on deck, and I found a l Band-glas in the chest in my cabin in which I ch had met with the quadrante, perspective gln.'s, ah and the like, and I kept this log regularly going re marking a point of departure on the chart the ev American captain had given me, which I utafter. th wards found to hb within tao leagtes and a pr half of the true position. But for three dars al the weather continued so heavy that there wis sw nothing to be done in the sheipe of gratifying fc the men's expectations by overhauliug what wn m: left of the cargo. Indeed, we had no leisure un for such work; all our waking hours had to be th strictly dedicated to the schooner, and in kee?p th ing a look-out foric. BUlt tthe mornin of tihe th fourth day i,ke with a tine sky and a brisk ha breeze from a little to the east of south, to ta which we showed every cloth the schooner had laI to throw ahroad, and being now bty ead ho reckoning within a few leagues of the meridian in of tOleg., Ishaelet a course north by east by wl mr conmpse, withll th design of gettintg a view of tof Staten Island that 1 nmight correct my calcu- at Latienos. t When we had made sail and got our breakc of fast, I told Wilkinson ndCromwell (lPittbeing it at the tiller) that now was goodal opportunity Pt for inspeltng the contents of the hold; and (not to be tedious in this part of my relation, at however I may hare sinhed in this respect ft elsewhere) we rarrial lantlorns below, aud 1 spent the better part of the forenoon in taking a stock. From a copy of the memorandum I n mndo on that occasion (till in my Iestlo -fon), a we ?tlieeorerd that the Yanke cjtain had left e! us the following:-Thirty casks of rum, twenty. k eight hogsheads of claret, reventy-tive casks of brandy, tilft of sherry, and eighteen ca;es of a beer iu bottles. In addition to this were the si stores in the lazarette (besides a quantity of n several kinds of wine in jars, etc.) elsewfere tI entunerated, besides all the ship's furniture, her n guns. powder, small-arms, etc., as well as the a ehip herself. I took the men into the run anda howed them the cheats. olening the little one U which I had stocked with small.armes, and a lifting the lid, of two or three of the others. a They were perfectly satisfied. fully believing all a the chests to be filled with small-arms and sl nothing else, and so we came away and A returned to the cabin, where, to please them, I a put down the value of the cargo at a venture, c settin:g tigures against each article, and I making out a totalof two thousand six hundred It and forty pounds. This, of course,includedthe a ship. H ow much 'II dat be man, massae" asked Il CromwelL 0 'Six hundred and sixty pounds,' I answered. I The poor fellow was so transported that,after a staring at me in silence with the corners of his g mouth stretched to his ears, he tesed up his t hands, burst into a roar of laughter, and made a everal skipe about the deck. i 'Of course,' said I, addreoing Wilkinson, ft mytigures maybe ahead or shorotheof the truth. But if you are disposed to take the chance, I'll t tell you whatI'lldo I'll stand by my figure, a accepting the risk of the value of the hading being less than what I say it is, and undertake a to gi?? each man of you six htndred and sixty pounds nor your share. i ' Well. air,' said he, ' I don't know that I a ought to object. But a few pounds is a matter tl of great conaquence to me, and I reckonif ia these here goods and the weasel should turn out a tobe worthmorethanye offer, the los 'ud go 4 agin the grit, ay, if 'twere twenty dollars a d man.' s I laughed, and told him toletthe matter rest a there was plenty of time before us; I should at be willing to stand to my offer even if I losty h it, so heartily obliged was I to them for coming f to my assistanee. And in this I spoke the a truth, though, as you will understand who I know my position, 1 had to fiesse. It went I against my onscience to numake out that the n chests were full of smallarms. but I should have a; been mad to tell them the truth, and, perhaps, ti by the truth made devils of men who were, and a promIsed to remain, stealy, temperate. honest oa fellows. I was not governed by the desire to keep all the treasurto myself; no, I vow to God ae I should have been glad to give them a moiety ' of it, had I not apprehendod the very gravest u con"eluences if I were candid with them. But b this, surely, must e s plain that it is idle togo a on insisting on it. w The fine weather, the golden issue that was e to attend our sutccctful navigation, the satis. t factory behaviour of the schooner. puts us into ti a high good-humour with one another: and to when it came to my collecting all the clothes in oa the after cabhins and distributing them among T the three men, I thought Billy Pitt and Crum. to well would have one mad with delight. To on the best of my recollection the apparel that had 1, been left us by the American captain (who, as b you knlow, had cleared the forecastle of the I clothes there) eensisted of several coats of cut a relvet. trimmed with gold and silver lace, some ir frocks of white drab wth large plate buttons, broealte waistcoats of blue l atin and green silk, crimson and other coloured cloth breeches, i along with sonte cloaks, three-c.rnerhatas,ld k n and white stockings, a number of ruffled shirta, It and other articles. of which I recollect the a character, though my ignorance of thecostumes Va of that period Irevents me from naming them, a Any one nnluainted with the ne*gro's delight in catoursul clothes will hartly need to be told of the extrava-gant joy aised in the black breasts of Cromwell and Pitt by my distribution of thiu fine attire. The lace, to be sure, was tarnished, mand some of the colours faded. but a all the same the aplarel furnished abraveshow, and such was the avidity with which the poor creatures snatched at the garments a as I offerd them first to one and t'.en another, that I believe they would have been perfectly satisfied with the clothes alone as payment for their services. I made this distribution on the quarter-deck, or little poop, rather, that all might be present: Wilkinson was at the tiller, and appeared highly delighted with the bundle allottell him, saving that he might reckon upon a hearty weleote from his wile when she came to knowr what was in his chest. The neg:res were will to clothe them selves at once; I advised them to wait for the warm weather. but they were too impatient to iutt on their fine feathers to heed my advice. They ran blouw and were gone half an hour, derimli which tetene I have no doublt they put on all they had : auld whlaen att lt they rturned. their ppelarance was so eroquisitely aelurd that 1 I.tugtel till I anie tear to sufficating. Fach negro had tied a silver- laced hat onu to hi woolly head: one wore a pair of erinumaon, the other a pair of black. velvet breeches; over their eucumber shanks thel had drawn white silk stokineos. regrdlese of the c?.lde: their feet were enc;astl i bucklehd shoes, and their costumes wen cetmpletrl le scarlct antd blue waistcoats which felil-t their knees, andi erimtsot and tlue coets withl immeneo skirt-. What strcek ile as mt .totnioshing was.c their ira-cte. Their ocli cemeplancev wcoca Inwigious: they evcl each other witlh diitilied aperobation, aud slutted wle thl the air of lroeinciac mayors and aldermcen newly arrived from the preaence of royalty. ; TlIev're in ke-cien' with the schronelr, any wayw,' vld Wilkinsce. .?nd o p-erhap ther were. lle anttique Ilfabric neeletd the lcirkle eof t hle contume on her lcekl t make h ler a.elct tit in sith the hn:::inati,.,s he tred. lhet. s- I had antei'iletel. thle celd roeed te olowerful for their conceit, and tlhecy ?ere eelacttlv glad to ship their mre mdcen trousersr, theught ttcv clun- obetinately to their waiateetola attd eoel'l not 1*ee erouaded tee remrve their hate en aety atcl- ent whatlever. CIAterc XXX.-Or-I: I'COel:E-s to trie When I etarted to reclate mnr advee tulre I ,neer dreige?ed to write aou account ef the journey hotoe at large. Ot the ceontr;ry. I foresawr that, by the tune I bhad arrived at thlis Ipat. you woulel lae had enough of the wa. let ee now, the.n, le ne brief is pc-blel. The melting of theice acet the eowlar inrera.. ing power of the iun were inexpree blet " c ,col Ing to me who hahad heel a much l the olld that l do proltel if Elweiuet waere Illok, nt tattrer how reelinlt. atl thIe el*ede of the tliend as hot :ls it is Iictturd, I .would chol e to turn mr back ulon the anglts. t ceanot say, howe;er, thlat the schooner was prt cotrl th'cwtl utntil ae were karat ulnet tielet-tImllrlO of the FnlklhtI' t aund end; sale then e ,etdeeel tier timlors nrkel to thIe sune. and e hdote dd l-rwn -olid deck rrendclred u it e scvtrml dlark paltches which, crelo as we might, we ceulld not obliterate. We struck the guns into I the hold for the lettcr tllaeting of the vescl.o gte ttuddling-etil hlomr tittseit, oleet hlutled 1 lier suit of tcanvas uI l flllll a greatet t-ulle rt. c ril awlhich peteved of inCstitUaltlo iel1ertaaice icc thght windt and in rutming. After thieice wa- whtllh melted.l out of hier frucce she tmade a little ewater. vet nt t so much but that half an lhour'a spell ct i the tauct twice a dy castily iarel her, But, Scuriously eotee, tg. atl tlc cucdof a fortnlight sht 1 sac:tna tight atgain, whichI I cttrihute to the wsclling of her timhlers. We a-c-re a sltender attolnla, leut Oa t rnlltel .1 eatraoelinorilywcll. TIe ac-c woere ,ns-eeceer fully content;: I ucver heard to much ne aa murmur cr-acea one of themt; they nevcer t eededw their rtinm+ nor asked for a drop more of liquor thun we had agreed aong os should be served out. But, as I had anticipated, onur security li1 in our slenderness. We were too few for disflteotion. The inegroe were as simple us children. Wilkinson looked to find his aceount in a happy arrival, and if I was not, etrickly spoaking, their captain, I was their navigator without whom their cuse would have vern as ?eidlou as mine was on the int. Outside the natural dangers of the sea we had hut o:e an.xiety, Ind that cn cerned our being chavedd and taken. This ftir was heartily shared by my eomiaunions, to whom I lso repreuntedl that it must be our business to give even the ships of.our country a wide berth; for, though I had lang eirce flung all the comn priomung bulting overtnrard, and dmtroenl all the papers I could coune across, which being written in a language I was ignorant of, might, for all I knew, eontain om0e damning infor. mation. a Briti-h hip would Le sure to board uc tid I should have to tell thu truth or take the risk of prevaricating. If I told the truth, then I should have to athnit that the lading ot the versel was pliratical plundr ; and though I know not how the law stood with ,regrdto lioly rescued from certain deotrnction alter the lnlee of hard ulpn half i rontury, yet it was a hundredl to on that the whole wouldbe claimed in the kinig' name under a talk of restitution, which signified that we should never hear more of it i)n the other hand preverincaian would not fail to eaite suepiion, and oo our not being able th eatiufactorido ac:ount for our loauasion of the ship ntl nkhat was in hier, it might lend in our uctually bei?Lg cized as lpirates and perhaps execute 1. Thnl rea :otiug went very well with the men and tilled them with such unaiety that they were for ever on the look-out for a sail But, as yju may guen., my own solicitude sank very much diopen; for, sul.posino the schooner to be rummaged by au Engvlli crew, it was ascertalin as that my hand was affiLed to my arm that the chests of tr?nsurn would be transhipped and lost to me hby the law's trickery. Now, till we were to the north of the e ator' we sighted nothing ; no, in all those days not a single sail ever hove into view to break the melancholy continuity of the sea- line. But be tween the paraltls of 12de. and 2ldeg. s. we met with no lees than eight hips, the nearest within a league. We watched them as cats watels miles; making apeint to bear away if they were going our rod, or, it they were comlng towards us, to shift our hen--lm-nt never very markedly-so as to let them lss us at the widest possible distance. Some of them showed a colour, but we never answered their signal~ That t hey were all armless tde I wllnotffirm; but none of them offered to eha uts. Yet could I have been sure of aship I should have been glad to speak. My longitud was little more than guess-work; my latitude ot very chertain; and my eompass twe out. iowever I supported my own and th piits of my itte company by teilhig them of the early navigatorn: how Columbus~ Drake, Scnhoutn, and other heroic marine worthies of distant times had navigated the globe, discormered new worlds, penetrated Into the meet secrt solitudes of the deep without any notion of lonbitode and with no better inetrumento to take the sun's height than the forestaff and astrolabe. We wee better off than they, and I had not the leat doubt, I told them,of nt nging the old schooner to a sofe berth off Deal or huravesedt. But it happened that we were chase when on the polar verge of the North-east Trade. wind. t was blowing briskly, the sea breaking in snow upon the weather bow, the sky over. cot with clouds, and the schooner washing through it wider a singlereefed mailnsal and wholstopeAl. Itwoasnoon; I was taking on" observ?laton, when Pitt at the tiller sang out 'Sail he!' and looking, I spied the swelling cloud-likre cans of a vessel on a line with our starheboard cathed. I told Pitt to let the schoonr tall off three pointo and with slackened sheeta the old Boca del Dragon hummed through it brilliantly, flinging the foam as far aft ha the rgangway The strange sail rose rapidly, and the lifting of her hull discovered her to be a linewofattls ship. We held on as we were, hopsng to escape her notice; blt whether she did not like our allnraunee, or that there was something in the figure we cut that exnited her curiosity she, on a sudden, put her helm up and steerd a true coune. for us. At the first tight of her I had called ilkin. soa and Cromwell on deck, and I nlw cried out, ' Lad, d'ye ce, r e's otrer us. If she catches Sour dream of dlollars is over. Lively now, boys, andgivo her all she oeu stagger under: ann wht she can't carry sh mustdrag.' And we sprang to make sail, briskly m apes, and o everyone working with two-man power. I knew the old qio's best oint; it wa with the wind a Ioint abaoft the beam; we put her to that, got the great tuares-nail on her, shook out all renfs, and gave ill she had to the wind. The wake roared awny from her like a white torrent that flies from the foot of a fobmi n catreact. She had the pL?rte's insinect, antd being put to her tru ma was nimble. God! how she did swing through it! Never had I driven the aged bucket before like this, and I underetood that speed at sea is not irrecondlable with odd bodies. But the great ship to windward hung steady; a cloud of bland and swelling eloths When we had set the studding-dml we had nothing more to fly with; and so we stood looking. She slapped s ss hot at us, one after another, a haughty hint to us to stop; but we meant to escape, and at last we did, out sailing her by thirteen inches to her foot-one foot to her twelve-though she strck to our skirta the whole ufternoon and kept us in an agony of anxiety. The son was setting when she abandoned us she was then ome five or eix miles distant on our weather quarter. What her nation was I did not know; bnt Wilkinson reckoned her French when she gave us up. We rushed teaodily along the tune coure into the darkness of the night, and then, shortening ail, trought her to the wind agin, ater which we cdrnk to the frisky old jade in an houestlyerned bowl. It was on the th of December that we sighted the cilly Isles. I guessed whatthat land wase; but to voge had been.my vig. i ti thatl I durt not be sure, until, Ipying a emack with her nets over, I uteeed for her and Srt the Information I needed from her people. Thev answered U with an air ol fear. nd ani truth they had reason ;foro beides the singular appearance of the silp, the four of usa were uaterllel in odds and ends of the antique clothes, and I have little doubt they considered us llamtire of another country, who had ron away with - shipll elonging to lers where the tao.tres and fashions were behind the age. t Now, an you may suppoe, by th time I had h settled my plans; and,o we ?niled up channel. I unfoldd uthem to mv companionsm I pointed out that before we entered the riyerit would hae tr ieesa to discharge our lading into some little veuaol that would smuggle the booty t hore for us. The figure the schooter made Stold the teruth, she would he seied us a Iarte, nod ourselode dismIssed with a small reward, and ihiap with nothing. ' M3tysheme,'said I, 'is th I haveoreth. tisa in London to whom I shall cosmunicrote the news of oy arrital and telt him my stary.. Yo, Wilkinson, must he the l rers of thi? letter. Hi is a hrewd, adive man, and I will Ivm it to him ton egags the helpw weo nt. Therein no lank of the rght wkind of seutes Sab hle mm at Ial,n and ith the o lirolnsi d ea SIutleuntinl ititer t. in cuiggling our ladin sI halir, they will run the goods snuceatully, do , snotectr. An there is sure to he a man-of-war stationed in theDowon, we must keep lear of i sehnce you ill cmke your way tit lover, nod P thencs to loiond .tromwelfand Pitt well moorru and helli me to knet, rnising. lY triter to tro relativo will tll him where to seek n I and 1 "lill khow his bhat 1ly ier feite a jack. When we lhire dioiargncl ourludihlg we will evil to the ThNaes, and talen let who will eune alnerd, for we helnl have ta ciL uuI hold. This.5 eontinutil I. 'ie the levelt socieue 1 ioun deise. The rinks vfeomogglelnalcnd it, to te srre; hot nalnot tllee neoke we wtae to 1otIo tihe certainlye of ir Iri' tuii our jo-I tlaijos to tihe iviulo:rty if so j nl'uijn wvhen tOhere. that we rheoud uit Ia, iimiilioltit hvvi-te, and Ce o lu 1oidr l d ith an Solotuzrtil"it lvnldltl our vltilt-whlmi houe we tlhii\i e, ? ihlual loveiurv, v(le-lelnlrce. nud-Airkh I cluntnlto. relgo, veI all nrtve. to hire sholma wtould nmcu to Irite thlhu wvith tie value vf -.hlI llie ladioig aIil t,, rich Itheir ctealing tkm Cr otilerh tdi. 111t thie is lhi' lseer difficulty $ the 1iu 1ne011 liie in tidy theyre are canue v ote H- tu-e. ntlot oi uhlio aem titiver dotv us watch In ev: tOhirty of tltteelo oole are eaplu.tod ate -ih il ia, : iu i - li ve ,ltl .? elie i i I tll unr 'ts+..el e rv.Iliov i crait rien cis "u',lil Olw visites. Ii ilevl.ol vlln. aol rIuet'.t. loo, iv·e mi e t h -ilat'r hl-uud \\\What le ouye say, thecn, to lio,: C'h nchv'nU it, Thio nsirniv ilvoiolimt4le" isiwereul tiht thiie liv lell itt. tlet nl; e klY·w l.?t: they would luu ;uoo. ta tied with whlativer I dii. vi -'Smueigglinig woe rish- woik. ltiiw would it er. to if we r,-, enh.eim?d tChat we htid found tIe a eckhoverurauhiirg about with ualetdy otoard 1' 1kh tal w oulo'ut ho nr.elitce,' t:od I. 'The age of the renol would -Atl .aiost such a story, evM if yon rearomi all ,t": ervidre bythowing the c:othes and sl:tantrI orcr bard and whatevc r ,e rzLt ) to p-rar th'e' heerhoener m~r n ba 7.c" st,,ut i abandoned an the car 1t":' '*aM tome deo. -le-. .oauomecount,' I eled Pittt. 'Well. er,' s.c- W ki- cn. at-?: another spel of redection redono ryou' right. If e be the law would seine tLe esl asi sond on the roands thU ba had lte sa ia ate a all that's in ter was ?onder, why. thin, certainly, I don't see no""in else but to mate a e glinob ui u. as s on s. ,ir.' Thi being sttled (Yiiisosn a Wconrrncee eing rendered the esr y mt teMng him that sding the ding was ' y rim. 1 iddhere to o underokiem g to lrse than dsx hundred and jitc pounds each for their share), I went below and spat oalf an hour er a letter to ?r. JerEh Maon. There was no ink, but I founod a paSu, and for paer I used the ?r-ea-es of the books in my chn. I oepeed wih a thet of m adrenosnes, and the. went on to relate that the lia was a rti ?hp; that the had been a tirsb I Fakedh her ensreby ngy her to London that I stood .-ele?omstv in need of hi? eonse1 . heptsatbegged Lim not to lose a momnst i oinret ng with the mwenger to Deal, and there hiringa boat and coming to me, whem he woult ind a off Bea head. That I D.'Iaddre.t' n If u'a were in thte 'nitdleof atbovoand =it, and ldeed afor'c to would be able tdiatn gish her for her unomnmon oddness of figure.' I was otitied to undeaursee the words' a rich ýýquitne ertain his imagination would be cmtfr by the eareano. At anything fther I urst no hint, stheetterwoldbe opm for Wilinson to read. When I had fnihed. I took a hathorn anl theem oftan se tad rwestnry retly d lyers, of onallarms, from the top of the ae that held the money, I m od t c to Egh t l an returned. Al this toe we were running op Channel eeore a fre westertc wind. It was ree December weather. w aw, and the haorison thick but Iknew my roud well and whilst the town of the land shnwed, I desoral nothing better than this thikneas. But u aitlng delayed no; ondit was not ti ten o'lockn the ni~ht of the eeorenth th-I we boe the soaner to off the ingly each of Lydd within sond of the wash of the sea upon it. The bsarheheredus: wegotthebotoser; I ave Wlkinson the letter and ten guineas, tiddnghim hkeep them hidden and to sne them rw ith the slyer change he would reaise for thwe aln tf guainon of therSet Genrge nd ntglt excite comctintif beh a p sanilr, 01-dad. ahould pul thhm oot and oadLit them. I , in tke hurry of the tie, he did not tito ask me hbow I had c.oeb hem He thrust them into his poket, shoo ayr hoannd and into the boat, nad the negrest dmrowed him ashore. Istood hEin a anthorn ne the tlto sarethen as a guide, waiting forthet to retun, end nger breathed more freely in my if-e than when I heard the sound of ears. The two negro- earn.. a gide, and. cisppa the tackles onto the boat, we hoisted her with the apstan, and then under roy small carnas stood ottosenagain. Ito n xasian). 