m£mb mrs. bowser, i . IR* Upq Rnwarc I ' Well, what do you think V queried Mr. BpwKr»--afl he looked ap at me aoroas the tapper table one evening. : ? , £ ;- '??Yon ? — voii haven't hpfin and hnnpht ajiotner boree, Mr. i5o wser : ' ? *? Hone 1 Can't you think of anything bat tone ? I rappoae you'll throw that horse up to me to -yoar dylog day ?' 'i'mEO clad you have decided not to boy another ) Ii it some more ohiokeas, or a new fire-eacape, or another dog to eat ub up?' — fie turned pale, and refused to Bay aaoiber word for two hoars. Then he could bold him self no longer, and he suddenly observed :— 'IsuppoBe you will feol proud of the title of Mrs. Aid. Bowser.' ' What do yon mean ?' 'Jort|what I lay, Yon are aooatobe known as Mrs. Aid. Bowser.' ?* Are you going to run for office ?' ; ? VI am. It waa all settled this afternoon.. I am going to be nominated for alderman for thlaward.' ' Mr. Bowser, fa it possible that you are going to let them lead you into any such ybUahnesa? I thought you had a more level head than that, in spite of all yoar mistakes.' ' My mistake* !' he shouted. 'LI never made one in my life, except when I rnarriad you | JCe vel head ! - I'd like to see . some .one whQ.oarxieB a more level head' than Ldo IT . . .'And go you are goioz to bean alderman?' 'If Hive.' :??-.,. ... ? = 'But what for?' ' / . 'BecanBeit is the wish of the people. My country calk. The oomnritfeee -have oanvaaEed tho ward and ooncladed that I waB.not ooly the bget.man for, thei.offioe,.hat th'e'tmly one who stood auyishosy against the vicious opposition. It is a saorifica on my part, bat the true patriot moat be ready to sacrifice.' - : ; **|I'm so sorry !' : ''.So lorry ! .i'or what? UacauHe I have -8«n. seleosed above all others 1 Beciuae lorioara ' have been throat - a pon me ! Mrs. Bowser, you have never appreciated the man^vou married, and joa probably never :5' Well, I shan't say any more. I think it ia a put-up job to get mobey outof -you, aud I know what a gang will be running here after jjoov It's your own affair, however. Don't blame, me. if you get left.' . . 'There you go ! Always opposed to me ! I can plainly see why Booie men never get »long. If I had a wife like some I know of .'d have been Governor of the Stats long ago. I'm going to run, however, and after I'm elected you'll probably beiuat maart enough to aay you brought it about.' . I didn't say any more. As soon a3 he left the. house next morning I prepared for visitors, and I was not disappointed. He was hardly ont of sight before the bell rang, and I opened the door to find a dirty-looking fellow, with his hat on his ear, who asked— 'Ib Bowser homer 'No, sir.' 'Gets oat pretty early, doesn't he 2 Laave any money for me ?'' 'No, sir.' ' He didn't, eh ? Party specimen of a can didate, he is t Expects us to do all the figurin' for nothing, does he!' ? ? - ?? . ?? Who are you, &ir; V : 'Who aie I?' he repeated as he slanted hia hat a little more and spit over his Bhoulder» ' I'm the party aa carries this waid in his vest pocket, I am, and if old Bowse don't cum down liberally he gets leit. Tell him to ccme and see me.' Nine times that forenoon £ answered the bell to find a ward-heeler or some other sort of political parasite on the doorstep. One of them even went so far aa to aak me to pledge Mr. Bowser to vote for him to ran one of the City Hall elevators. There were three othera waiting for him when he got home to dinner, and I eaw him give them money. He oame in excited aua* jubilant, and when I told him what had occurred he replied — 'Let the dear people come! They know that I am the mem to do all I can for them if I am elected, and eiected I shall be as sure as the eun rises on the day. What do you think ? I was talking with a prominent man belonging to the opposition, and he said it would be no use for his party to put up a man against me. Xtowser stocz is way up, hej!' For a week £ lived in a state of miserable agitation. Every hour in the day a ward heeler racg the bell, and when be wasn't ringing, it was some man who wanted a sewer or other contract. Every evening the house was full of politicians laying plans and guzzling down my currant wine, and on thr69 nights Mr. Bowser had to ' go the rounds' oi the ward and ' see the boys.' On the last night I', had to help him upstairs, and the tears rolled down his cheeks as he whim pered:— 'Shay, Airs. Bowser, it just breaks my hearttoBhee how e'r people love me. They cry fr me, and— and lory f'r zhem 1' 'I his went on for a week, and then the caucus was held to nominate. Mr. Bowser eaid he would go through by acclamation, but as the boys would expect some sort of. Epeech, not to say a keg of beer, afterwards, he would have to be on hand. As Boon as nominated there would be no more heelers running after him, and a nomination meant election by a large majority. I didn't say much, but I felt pretty sure how it would come out.- . Along about 9 o'clock he came home. He was running. He also breathed hard and looked white. . ..... ' ? ' What on earth is the matter now 1' I asked, as he banged into the hall. ' G— gone !'' he gasped. ' How Rone?'' ??..-?. 'Gone up.' ' Mr. Bowser, tell me what has happened. You act as if yon had met a ghost and lost your senses.'1 ?* i— I didn't get the nom— nomination!' he whispered, bis knees quaking so that he had to sit down on a chair. 'Why didn't you?' 'Because they concluded that Mr. Soott waB the' mure popular and the stronger man.' 'What! That cross-eyed loafer who was arrested only last week for whipping his wife?' - ?-'?? * ?=???? ??? 'Y-yes.' ; We looked at each other for a long time without speaking.. Then I said— . ' I thought the dear people loved -you, Mr. Bowser.' . . ? ? ? -. '¥ea.' ' You were to be selected above all others and honours thrust upon you.' - ?'Yea.!!-.,'..:....,,. ? ,.., ? -. .... ' Your country called upon you to do wo the vicious opposition. You wera the patriot who w&b; ready to sacrifice himself.' ' ? 'Yee.' - - . ????? -?--? ? ' How much has this experience coat you ?' 'four hundred.' . : ' Well, you have made a fool of .yourself, and I hope it will be a lesson to you. You'd betfer go to bed.' ' ? ? ' 'I— I guess I will!' At midnight he woke up, sat up ia bed, and exclaimed :— ?. 'Look here, old lady, I hopa you feel better, having accomplished jyour villainous object?' . ..,. . . 'What do you mean?' ,:. ? ' I mean that you - defeated me in the caucus! Everybody knows you, and -this opportunity for revenge could not be passed over. Mrs. Bowser, you have gone a step toofaf.' ' .-..,.. 'Go to Bleep.' 'Yes, I'll go to sleep, but don't imagine I Bhall forget or overlook your i base duplioity. I have borne and borne, but tbia la the end!' Next morning, however, he made no refe rence to the matter, and as some of his party made him believe that he had been with drawn in the interests of harmony, he came home one day to observe— 'I hear that my name is being mentioned for Mayor, but I Boan't take the nomination. I prefer to be a plain, humble citizen.'— Detroit Free Press. 