The Tomb of the Banli iTote. A VISIT TO THE VAULTS OF THE BANK OF ENGLAND. : Whebt a bank note bas been paid by the authorities at Threadneedle Street, it is deposited in a dark and gloomy cellar, in wbich lie the , ghosts of millions of pounds This mysterious cellar, the St. James' informs us, is visited by all sorts and conditions of men; and for reasons the most varied, some openly avowed, others artfully concealed. At this season, when the country cousins are up in town, numbers of them, of both sexes, are sure to drift, sooner or lat er, to the Bank-Note Library. Descending the dark and narrow staircase which leads to the basement I chambers and vaults, the awe-struck visitor enters through a low and nar row doorway into the dayk abode, lighted up with gas even ott a Mid-1 summer's day, and which to his un wonted eyes seem so full of mystery, where the dead bank-note reposes. A huge corded bundle of cancelled bank-notes is produced by the presid ing officer, "May I touch it—take it into my hands ?" asks a roBy-faced woman, evidently fresh from the country, and bringing ' with her a breath of country air and a touch of its brightness into the dark and musty' chamber. " Yes ? oh, how nice of you!" And she dandles the bundle of notes lightly and lovingly, as if it were her first-born. Her husband, not lightly, but with mingled awe, wonder, and worship, takes and weighs in his trembling hand this shadow of a wealth which surpassed even the ex pectancy of his dreams. _ , Noting the expression on the man's face, the librarian remarks, "That parcel represents half a million; were the notes uncancelled and you might take them home with you, you would be a Croesus." With longing and lingering eyes, the visitors withdraw, admonished by the petulant remark of an impatient lawyer, who had with difficulty elbow ed and edged himself into the narrow gangway, " Business goes before plea The scene changes at once. It is no longer a realm of shadows and dreams, but of Rtern realities. The lawyer— engaged in a suit regarding,' it may be, some gigantic fraud or swindle or perhaps a murder—wants to see a note dated the lBt of April, 1878; and wants besides the record of £100 dated the 17th of February, 1703. The sound of the step of the Chief Librarian may be heard echoing through the corridors of underground vaultB. Within ten minutes—such is the perfection of this system of noti fication and indexes—he returns, lan tern in hand, bringing the note re Suired and the ledger recording the ave of the payment of the note of 1793\. The £100 notes given as prizes at Christmas would be produced in even less time; Sometimes, as soon as the Bank doors are opened, a visi tor presents himself. For the most part, these early comers are losers of notes eager to stop them betimes. Or, it may be, a young man, pale and excited, wants to know whether a £10 note of such or such a number and date has been paid. To the question whether the note, if not already paid, is to be stopped as lost or stolen, comes a' halting and dubious answer; to the further question whether the note was his property, the young man, with increasing con fusion, answers, " Yes aud No." Suspicion is naturally aroused, and the necessity of a detective is spoken of. Then the young fool confesses that he gave the note in question to his sweetheart the previous day, and re pouted him of his generosity. Even lovers, it should seem, of all men, are not alwayejflrge-hearted. Warned of the trouble which he might get him self intO'feyBtdpping notes wnieh'were not lostwBtbJen, and scornfully ad vised toWdkhi'# similar confession to the young lady to that which he had made at the Bank, the mean spirited lorer departed in haste, and was never more seen or heard of. Yet like cases of folly and foolishness are not unknown. \- Gambling by night often leads to morning calls at the Bank. Early one morning of what date it is needless to enquire, a man appeared in hot haste at the B&nk-Note; Library, wanting to stop a £100 note. Cool and collect* ed, as befits a gambler, he declared at once that the note was not stolen, but lost the previous night at play. If not already paid that morning, thejnote was to be stopped. It often happens and not unnat urally,that the owner of a stolen note and the thief enter the gates of the Bank in the morning together cheek by jowl. The impatient owner hur ries downstairs to the Bank Library, and paying a h&lf-a- crown; fee, stops his lost note; the still more impatient thief presents bis note for cash in the money changers' hall, and nimbly de parts with his booty. The gambler in question—with for the most part, the rest of the public —was under the impression that as soon as a note is paid at the Bank it may be found, with its number and date recorded, in the Note Library. Such, however is not the case. There is a certain ceremony which attends the death and burial of the Bank Note. It is only three days after its can celling that it is carried to its last home in the Bank-Nota Library. Its firat dark day of nothingness is spent in tbe inspector's office, where severe but just judges sit in judgment ou its virtue. During the second day it and its thirty, or forty thousand fellows, done up into parcels, are counted and sort ed ; that is to say, each parcel is dealt out like a pack ot cards, according to dates and denominations of value. The third day they are posted in ledg ers, iwhich are kept as iudexes to the paid notes ; and then on tbe evening of their last day in tbe upper regions of light and air, they are' carried down with scant ceremony in huge bags to the Bank Note library. Carelessly cramuied, like waste-pa per, into bag or .basket, what a con trast does not their position now pre sent; to the warm corner near the heart which they once occupied in dignity and honour. And there it is, aftei the third day, they may be seen, and stopped if not paid in the mean time. Interim lists, however, of notes to be stopped may be placed wherever notes are singly presented for pay ment. The practice of stopping bank-notes cannot lead to litigation, for the Bank, as we have already stated, never refuses to caBh a stopped note. The stdp'ping of notes, however, is often used as an intimidation of the thief, as, for instance, the constantly appear injg advertisements in the papers, "These notes are stopped at the Bankor, as in the gambler's case, as a means'of forcing a compromise under threat of law proceedings. There is one fate which befalls a bank-note that no one as yet seems to have notified. What is to be said, or left unsaid, about all those bank-notes, which, going out mouth by month and year by year from the Bank of England, never return ? How many, go down iu shipB to the bottom of the sea P How many perish in the fires of great citieB, or are buried with living men and women in yawning gulfs by earthquakes ? Some, it is on record, are cast into the fire in a feminine fit of temper, or used in vulgar ostenta tion by a rich coxcomb to light his own or a fridnd's cigar. Who shall say how many of the lost notes are not eaten by cats or mice, or torn to shreds in play by Timothy, the win some. cat P How.inany are swept into the sew ers of our big cities or into the gutters of the street, washed out of all sem blance of | their original form and beauty P Ail these destroyed or miss ing, notes representing gold which has nevtr been demanded, are pure profit and gain to the Bank of England. The immense value of this gain is known to the Bank of England only. The outstanding notes for a century and more are recorded in its books and ledgers. What an amount of " un earned increment " falls to the Bank from these unclaimed notes bearing on their face the " promise to pay on de mand " so many hundreds and hun dreds of thousands of pounds ! 