? " THE ruling passion be it what it will, The ruling passion conquers reason still." At least the pote says so, and as we look upon the bard with that respect that the City Binch look upon the gloved, buttoned and helmetted guardian of the peace, we take his word for it straightway. "'Ihe Ruling Passion" at the Theatre Royal closes up after to-morrow night, when Bland Holt and party have a shot at a few short revivals. In the present production Miss Kate Bishop keeps the pot a boiling as the twin daughters of Jasper l)oone, a performance that serves to show that the Maccabe business is not her Jorle. Miss Kate manages, though, to fool all the characters in the piece right merrily, and makes them think she's a different gal altogether, though strangely enough the audience "tumble" to her right off, notwithstanding the scar on the arm business. As Madame Y T ine Miss Bishop positively gets away with the part. Bland Holt appears to be as hot as slieol on lunatic asylums in his pieces, and Miss Flora Anstead and Mr. B. N. Jones make the very most of their opportunities, and at times get " screw " enough to satisfy an M.L.A or even a Railway Commissioner. Ihe Beard, too, stalks majestically about the stage; by-the way, Glover, we may mention, is behind the beard—there's no mistaking that walk. There are a lot of other people who spread themselves over the stage at intervals, including Holloway, Norman, Howe, Eyre, a balloon, some rain, two hansom cabs, horses, some clouds, two or three policemen and supers galore. The tcenery is a treat, and the production as a whole well worth seeing. "HAMLET ' still flourishes at the Opera Bouse. People go to see this show in various frames of mind, and sometimes sit out an act or two without changing their preconceived opinion that nobody of this generation can act the gloomy Scandinavian. But before the lights are finally put out a conviction creeps over everybody to the effect that there has been a live Prince walking about the boards. He wasn't their own peculiar Prince, nor that of the great what's-his-name, who had, by-the-way, to die and be buried a number of years before his acting could be duly appreciated. But there are Danes and Danes, and people are beginning to admit that the great and lamented actor whom they happened to see in their youth some years ago, and who gavethem their firstimpressions of Shakespeare, may not, after all, have carried all existing wisdom, and grace and histrionic ability to the cemetery with him. Mr. Milns Hamlet is rather unlike those with whom we have been familiar. In the first place it is never actually commonplace, and that is what seems inevitable when an actor goes in for ultra naturalness. Mr. Miln is always picturesque, even in his faulty interpretations, and his grasp of the whole character is so firm that without a pang we forgive him the occasional pained surprises that his readings cause us But in his best passages he rises to a high level. His scene with" Ophelia, his treatment of Polonius, his soliloquies and his meeting with his mother are characterised by the deepest insight and feeling. In the latter scene Mr. Miln accomplishes his greatest triumph and those Hamlets who come hereafter will undoubtedly be judged in this passage by the standard which Mr. Miln has set up. The little scene with Osric is capitally handled, and until the play closes the interest does not flag for an instant. Miss Louise Jordans' OpheliashowB whatan exquisite art is that of acting for, could we not hear a word, the delicate pathos of her every glance and gesture would make an impression that could not leave us. These r«,re qualities, joined with a sweet voice and unconsciously careful elocution, produce a presentation of one of Shakespeare's loveliest characters, which we consider the gem of this performance. Miss Douglas is surprisingly good in the closet scene, but not so effective elsewhere. Mr. Ireland's earnest and intelligent method is well suited to hi6 part of the King, and Mr. Cathcart's Ghost is "ft model shade. Polonius, one of the most difficult of the minor characters to interpret satisfactorily, is promisingly sustained by Mr. Hodson, whose later effort as the First Grave Digger is very acceptable. " Hamlet" is proving a draw, and must hold on easily for some time to come. MESSRS, Brough and Boucicault's singed company have been letting the public know that they are not utterly extinguished, and the Hibernian Hall has been quite a fashionable resort of late. Probably a better all-round cast than Messrs. B. and B.'s for such a play as " Betsy " could not be scared up in Australia, and the humour of the piece has kept the hall in a constant simmer. On Monday evening " Modern Wives" was revived, and proved as attractive as ever. The part of Caleb Chubb is better adaptsd to Mr. Brough's talents than that of Dawson, and he simply revels in it. Mr. Titheradge is happily suited as Noel Goldring, and Hans Phillips is a dapper Honeysett. Mr. Boucicault hasn't much of a chance as the young doctor, but he does all that can be expected. Miss Romer is excellent as Mrs. Chubb, and Misses Pattie Brown and Emma Temple are charming, as per usual. The company has now grown more accustomed to its surroundings, and the acoustic shortcomings of the hall are not so noticeable as formerly, which is a matter for general congratulation. THE story of the lighted Irishman who, according to Dampier, wore his ha : ,r down his back, and could fight fifteen soldiers and a policeman with his bare fists and the power of "his large dark eye, is still being told at the Alexandra to educate us English and "Shamus." We don't believe ShamuB O'Brien wore long, glossy curls, chiefly because the man who disports in those accessories mostly figures in a draper's shop, selling sox, and his talk is soft and dismal and he doesn't care about getting hurt sufficiently to enable him to rise in open rebellion against anything more formidable than the shock-headed small boy, aged seven, who wants a yard of seven-penny print for fourpence halfpenny- Secondly we don't believe the fiery rebel allowed his hair to flourish to a great extent, because he remembered the fate of Absolom, and, as he was being pursued through the wilds seven days a week, and coursed tumultuously over the landscape, he, too, would have stood a dangerous chance of being scragged by the wool by the furious pursuer or hung up to a tree, and being a sensible fellow, he would sacrifice his curls to the exigencies of his position. Apart from the matter of hair, however, " Shamus O'Brien " is archceologically correct, but not fanatically so. We don't believe Father Meehan was a Yorkshireman, and the brogue is not always according to history. The audiences attending the performance are full, free and sincere. Looking over the house from a coign of vantage, there does not appear room to drive in another admirer with a maul, and the p'audits of the multitude wake the welkin and affright the moon. " THE YEOMEN "—billed on the Princess' Theatre> by-the-way, as Yeoman- is turning out a great commercial success, whatever opiniou people may have as to its artistic merits Probably the music forms one of the chief attractions of the entertainment, and it has the peculiar quality which much of Sullivan's music possesses, viz., that of growing upon the hearer as time goes on. Unfortunately some of it is only fairly well treated by the Princess' company. The quartette by Misses Varley and Ameris and Messrs. Leumane and Marnock is worthy of a slightly better rendering, and the duet between the latter„.gentleman and Miss Ameris would, if capably given, prove one of the neatest things in the piece. Miss Nellie Stewart sang with much of her own charm while her health lasted, and Miss Pollard, who has succeeded to tht part of Elsie, does her best with music that is a trifle beyond her. Miss Ida Osborne's Phccbe is as good as possible, and Mr. Vernon's Shadboltis a strong impersonation. It is impossible to find fault with either chorus or orchestra, and we t'.inb that much of the success of the piece is due to Mr. Caron's careful training of his forces. The scenery i* another factor in its success, the second scene, especially, forming a picture of which the eye does not tire. The want of the opera is a little genuine fun to enliven a plot that has a few very serious features. Gilbert's previous librettos have been hailed as furnishing relief from the old buffoonery of opera bouffe. If the new school now fails us, and we certainly cannot go back to the old, it will be a case of " chaos come again." THERE is an entire change of programme at the Victoria Hall this week, and on Saturday night last the building was thronged in every part. Not : ceahle in the first part is the lavish supply of golden hair, fair wigs being the order of the evening. One of the superesses, however, puts us in mind of the picture we have so often seen, that of the young lady, half of whom would appear to be going to a fancy dress ball aod the other to a bath. Amongst the principal chair-warmers are the Misses Capper, Love, Jennings, Bower, M'DermotN Delarmar, Waldron, Hunt, and, as they say in the playbill, " others too numerous to particularise." Mis-s Nellie Fernleigh is also on hand, MIBS Amy Rowe and Lulu James lend no small assistance, and both Bergin and Matlock do ditto. Frank Clark has brought with him a couple of new farcee, finales or whatever we like to call them, and had he forgotten both we don't think thatthe antipodes would go intomourningover them. They want toning down—very much so. In " the automaton,' when thepairof small sized tootsies are exposed to view, Bill Whitburn, will act Doth well and wisely in altogether omitting his little Bpeecb. Good useful work is done in the second part by Dave Marion, Slade Murray (with anew budget of songs), Charles Compton and the Bonhair " Brothers." A new farce specially purchased by Clark, when at home, for Whitburn. Kind of Clark,is it not? Harold Ashton is as usual all over the shop in attending to the comfort of his patrons, and —well Midwinter is happy. PROFESSOR KENJ-EDY might very appropriately call his entertainment " Laughter let loose," his performance being one huge bhriek from start to finish. At a medical matinee, Kennedy succeeded in fairly nonplussing our metropolitan medicos, all of whom testify to the genuineness of the show. So on one point at least doctors do not disagree. After this can we wonder at St. George's Hall being nightly thronged ? AT the Waxworks there is one continual stream of sightseers both day and night. 