RUSSIA AND PERSIA. The opening of the River Karun ,tp foreign navigation; hasa been closely followed by Bussian demands on the long-Buffering Shah o!' Persia. The Czar, who now rules over some thousand , square miles of country which used to t belong to Persia, looks upon the rest as bis by prescriptive right, and does not favour any foreign Competition, com- , Daercial or otherwise. From hisi point of ' view the diplomatic 'triumph ' if Sir -Henry Dnimmond - Wolff r&j; very objectionable. The Karun has been j iescribed , as 'the one_ navigable stream ; if Persia.' By one of Its two mouths it ' sommunicates with the Shat el Arab; and in company with it empties itself into the; Persian Gulf ; by the other it pours into : Hie Gulf direct. Starting from Bosreh, ihe Turkuh emporium of European trade, . i steamer can get to Ahwaz, the limit of the prepent concession, . . in; ? twenty- : iwo hours. So says the Chairman | jf the Euphrates and Tigris Steam; Navigation Company, which already has a steamer on the river. - Though, there are ! no towns on the route there is every pros- ' peccof a fair trade being done in the! surrbundiDg thickly- populated districts, md modern experience goes to show that ' the flag follows trade just as often as trade j tollows the flag. The Czar cannot con- ? template this contingency with anything! [ike indifference, for, though the conces sion is made to all foreigners, he is well' issuredthat it will be mainly useful to lis chief rival in Asia, the British. Ee cannot be quite sure of Persia, j 3ome ten yean ago the Shah conceded to Baron Renter the right of constructing a railway from Beahd, on the Caspian Seaj to the capita], Teheran, with powers to: nxtend it in due time by way of Ispahan to the Persian Gulf. The railway Eras not constructed, and the Shah kept the 1,000,000 francs deposited as caution money. Lately the Baron sought a renewal of the concession, and refused the Persian offer of a restoration of iis deposit. He is now pressing the 3hah again, and is supported in his sfforts by the British Ambassador— a feature of the proposal which canaot render it a whit more agreeable to the Russian Government. i The first step in the retaliatory policy tras taken when some Mobcow capitalists asked the Shah lot a concessBlon for the construction of a railway from Amol, on the Caspian Sea, to Teheran. If this were granted, and a railway constructed -tccordingly, there would be no necessity for the Beshd-Teheran line, and the Bussian Government would not have been it the expense of purchasing Baron Renter's rights, or at the risk of axciting foreign interference by annexing them. The Shah waa therefore given to understand that the Amol-Teheran rail way scheme was pleasing to BusBia, and that, in short, he had better grant the concession demanded. These overtures not being successful, the Russian Govern ment has now made larger demands on the well-known Sibylline principle! Persia is now to concede to Russia the exclusive navigation of all her rivers which empty themselves into the Caspian Sea. These would include, from east to west, the Atrek, the Gargbn, and the Sefeid Bud, besides smaller streams. Of not one of them can It be said that it rivals the Karun in commercial impor tance, but the mere fact of their being used by Bussian ships, and by Russian ships only, would serve to impress the Persians with, the sense of Muscovit^ power which- it Is , desired to inspire, Besides tins, Persia Ib to concede to Russia the right of constructing a railway through the country. This is doubtlesa an extension of the Moscow project, and is meant to; secure ultimately a Russian passage to the Persian Gulf preliminary to the inevitable absorption of all the Shah's dominions into Bussia in Asia If we are to believe General AnnenkofE, Ihe Central Asian Railway, of which the Persian line will at some time become a feeder — to apply a small name to a great railway — is already paying its working' expenses. ' We are told from1 Bokhara that Indian traders use it rather, than send., their silk by caravan through Afghanistan to the Quetta Bail way, and there is talk of a.Central Com pany of Asiatic traders, including Persian, being formed with a capital of three millions sterling. Thus, encouraged by the success of her great line and 'by the growth of trade, Russia would riot hesi tate about a smaller enterprise, which, besides giving her approach -to the sea* would increase the revenue of her A^nan railway.' - .'' ' \';;,' . ';'v'' /,;T.;^.- I ' ' We have gust;spbken about 'theinevit. able absorption of Persia into Bussiain Asia. In the February number of the ^tnefew^fc^Centi^y- ithe Hon. George Ouizon, M.P., who has .verified his opinion by personal inspection, declares [that this will, take place when the present Shah dies, i Mr. Ourzon in an.intoresting article — which would have attracted more attention if it had not been for the Biamarck 'article In the Contemporary Bevuw—de' scribes ' The fluctuating frontier, of Bussia in Asia.' ' The history of the last twenty years,' hesays, 'BhowsthatRussIahasbeen drawn, partly of her own free will, some times against it, into conquest; after con quest, till she findsherself in the possesBloh z of an empire that Alexander would have ' envied, and that outshines that of Tamer lane.' After pointing but that a breach with. China would lead to the extension of BnsEla in that direction, that Russian maps already bring the^ Pamir frontier down to thepetty state of Darwas, and that, other things being equal, Heratmust sooner or later be given up; by AfghahiBtau, Mr. Curzon somes to the , Persian frontier. He has mo ? doubt but /that k secret treaty was made between the Czir and the Shah after1 .Merr /haji -beei 'annexed in 1884, whereby a road t Herat was seenred for Bussian troops Northern Persia is. already spoken of m Bustian toxrttory, and tbY Shah as a Russian Tassal. -^It was the Russians . who delivered the Persian Inhabitants from the tyranny of the Tur coman raiders, and' Bussian gold Is largely -«rculated. 'As long agp:;as 1875,' sayB Mr. Curzon, ' Sir C. Mac gregor wrote that the inh.aoitants.of Ehorasan were asking when the Russians were coming, and adding : ' May God send them speedily,' aud a petition to the Czar praying : for annexation is said to have been circulated among the Persian towns and villages,, and to have received 10,000 signature* Mr. Curzon, it will be observed, Is chiefly interested in Bussian movements In Persia as they regard British India, and he does not seem to think that ocenpation . of .__ the - Shah's dominions could: mean anything else than hostility to Great Britain. Thb is not the necessary consequence, and It may after all be true that what Russia moat desires is access to the sea. So Jar as Persia Is concerned, the object of c the Czar is a matter of in difference. Of herself aha cannot' ~ie sist Russia whenever the fiat goes forth, that she is to be annexed ; and it is -unlikely that any European; Power will find it necessary to take up arms on her behalf. . -t.(J. Tbx Ceinxse Restriction Acr.-^The anti-ChineBe agitation has so completery d^ed out that probably few remember the exact position of the -matter at~4he present time. Last session the South Australian Parliament' passed the' Con- ference Bill with some modifications in detail. There is a clause which makes it an offence for a Chinaman to enter 'the colony overland without a permit, but the clause 1b dormant until brought into operation by a proclamation by the Governor in Council. At the present moment Chinese can enter South Australia .by land without let or hindrance. The Act will, however, cease to be In operation on , the first day of next year unless New South Wales, Victoria, and Queensland have in the meantime passed similar Acts, Thus far, we believe, Queensland is the only colony that has complied with this condi tion. Mr. Way Lee has been in com munication with the Chinese Ambassa dor in London on the question of '' the restrictions imposed upon Chinese. The two things specially com plained of, as will be seen from the portions of ' the correspondence published elsewhere, are the poll tax and the Border restrictions. So far as this colony is con cerned both these restraints have been re moved. There is no poll tax, and Chinamen are free to enter South Australia overland, though that freedom can be temporarily suspended if it should be deemed neces sary to do bo. Mr. Way Lee is anxious that there should be similar legislation in the other colonies, and the desire ib reasonable. If this is to be accomplished there is no time to be lost. It would be very unfortunate to Have the Chinese agitation revived, and it certainly will be unless effect Ib given to the recommendations*' of the Sydney Conference. As the South Australian Government have hitherto taken a leading part in the discussion, we trust they will not let the matter rest until New South Wales and Victoria have fulfilled their part of the com pact. It is to be hoped, also, that the Queensland legislation will be brought into harmony with the South Australian, for it is absurd that legisla tion which Is intended to ba of a federal character should sanction, except on an emergency, restrictions being placed upon the passage of Chinese from one colony to another. OUTDOO* A2TD IlfDOOB AMOSEimfXS; ? The burden of responsibility which the City Council has to bear is constantly Increasing in weight It is not enough that it has to control the expenditure upon civic works, attend to sanitary matters, manage the lighting of the city streets, see to the beautifying of Park Lands and reserves, regulate buildings, markets, the public vehicle traffic, and a score of other things coming properly within its jurisdiction — it is being called upon to take under Its care the amuse ments of the citizens. The construction of the Torrens Lake has forced upon it tha charge of boating, and the rowing clubs are endeavouring to arouse it to* a fitting Bense of the obligations' which this Involves. They are urging the necessity of removing every obstacle cut of the way of this popular and health-giving pastime. It is, they affirm, unworthy of the Cor poration to charge heavy fees for boats used by their owners for purposes of recreation and not for purposes of gain. The contention is perfectly reason able, and no doubt the fees will be either abolished or reduced. Then the establishment of the Oval has imposed upon the Council weighty dutieB ot super vision and control. Originally granted for the uses of the cricketing public, ibe Oval has attracted to itself one form, of amusement aftex another until it has almost gained a monopoly of outdoor pastimes. Football, baseball, tennis, bicycling, Bwitchback railway riding, ' tobog ganing, fireworks, sports of all sorts gravitate towards the Oval. This state of things has inpt {been viewed without concern by private caterers for the. amuse- ment of the people, and their objections - have found expression in the epiatlerfrpm ? Mr. Wybert Reeve which we publish to day. Mr. Reeve, the able Manager of the Theatre Royal, has watched the growing popularity of this rendezvous with alarm, but so long as the authorities ? of the Oval confined their 'efforts to outdoor diversions pure and simple he did not feel called upon to ; interfere. Even Jhe_ switchback railway^ the toTibggan/andthe' electric light sports, although, drawing together* crowds night after night* -failed to elicit a word of protest^ When, howewr, the Oval Managers ' began to alluiel indoor showa to their enclosure Mr.*^ Reeve thonghtthe right, time for cpiriplgint had arrived. One cannot help feeling some amount of sympathy with him in hia trouble. It is certain that nonejorthe attractions offered, to Oyial- frequenters - would weigh in; the ba^w ;aga^sFlhe performances of sonie dramaticand operatic companies that have visited the 'TSbyal, but it may be admitted that the Oval night amusements are formidable, rivals to some of the entertainments placed upon the Btage. How far then is the re monstrance ; of Mr. Wybert Reeve justified! .Clearly it would be the height of folly to &hut; the Oval gates at night to give people an opportunity of going to the Theatie. In the summer months at all eVentar o£en-air entertainments are the. healthiest, the most natural, and the ^npBt/tpjoyable, and , people ahqald-ba ^5wnT»gecirj.to;..go'« to \ theni, i nob denied the chance of doing bo. It is another matter,! however^ when a company of performers' who 'have been in cthe habit of playing on the stage are drawn' by the offer of cheap accommodation to take up their quarters on the' Oval. It 4b Bot^eairable that the- primary object of easing a portion of tie; Paik Lands to the South Australian Cricketing 'Association Bhonld be entirely lost light of, or^ that -xher charter_ of. ther Aflaralatibn^sjhfould be strained to cover every oon- iartaWe- kind '-'of ateuMm^-V^^Ajo*80!0 'may find'* some -- cdnsohwKto riu MfcHi -knowledge that* when.- idiftartaoinea tbesftwillbeJiaJi^BiniJtationto people U- take tht-ir pl--a*nres cH fresco, bat he W. also entitled to look for some relief at the hands of the Council ? .concerning the- matter whfcb » made the burden of ftaft oommunicationfrom him read on Monday. TSh* letter has been referred to a com-; mittee, and the public will be curious to see what solution of the problem is auj geat3d- ''-' ? ' Thje Acting Govbhhob. — Hia Excellency the Aoting Governor, accompanied by his Aide-de-camp (Captain Learmonth), will leave for Melbourne by the express this afternoon to assist in the installation of Sir William Clarke as Grand Master of the doited Grand Lodge of Victoria on March 21. In conse quence of Hia Excellency leaving to-day, the weekly Executive Council meeting will be held this morning instead of to-morrow. IHB WZSXKKST AUSTBALIAH TBLEGttAPH —Owing to the telegraph line to Western Australia working badly on. Monday night we are unable to publish our London Cor respondent's letter in this iraue. Thb : Gotkbhmbht Lasd Boabds. — The Commissioner of Crown Lands (Hon. J. Coka) informs us that the West Coast Land Board are making excellent progress with their work, and he expects that by the end of. this month they will have completed the classification of lands, fixed the rents, and be in a position to make their final recom mendations;. A meeting of the Northern Land Board has been summoned at Orroroo for April 5, Ihemembera of the Central Land Board have returned to .Adelaide, having goneiover a considerable portion of the land within their district, and they will also be In a position shortiy to make recommendations as to- the area and price at which land Bhall be offered within the limits of their district. On he whole the Commissioner has reason to be satisfied with the work done by the Boards, and he is of the opinion that they will be able to deal satisfactorily with' the whole of the lands allotted to them within the limits of their respective districts. Bbsiqhation oi Db. Dehdy, 07 St.Peibe's, —Fox the infoimation of readers who are interested in the management of St, Peter's Cathedral the Rev. Dr. Dendy writes from Prospect under date March 18 :— ' I have the Bishop's permission to resign shortly the offices of Theological Tutor and Header in Theology in the Cathedral, of Vicar, Precan tor, and Sacristan, which I hare held since the opening in 1877. I retain the office of Snbdean, with certain, duties and emolu ments appertaining, to be fixed by the Bishop. I received a letter from the Bishop last week written from 'on board the Ormuz,' conveying the information that he received a telegram when at Naples that my successor, Mr. Manley, was willing to accept the appointment of the above-mentioned offices on the terms offered, and that he with his Bister will arrive before the end of April and take up their residence at the Cathedral Lodge.' A Past Mayob.— At the City Council meeting on Monday Mr. S. Goode, a visitor to the city, who was Mayor of Adelaide in Sir Dominic Daly's time, occupied a saat beside the present Chief Magistrate, and at the close of the proceedings Mr. Shaw enter tained the visitor in the Mayor's Parlour, where the health of the guest was drunk. Mr. Goods, in replying, in terms of admira tion referred to the marked progress made in Adelaide since he occupied the Mayoral chair, and spoke of the very important addi tions made to the Town Hall since 1864. School ob Metes and Industbies. — At a meeting of the Council on Monday the Caair man reported that there were now sixty-one individual students, and that an arrangement had to be made for training in elementary mathematics apart from the University class in that subject Mr. Scherk moved—' That the fees for regular evening Btudenta be re duced from £6 6a. to £4 4a. per annum,' bat after some discussion it was decided to allow the figure to remain as at present, and redace the charge by one-halt to apprentices and improvers under twenty years of age. It was further resolved that the fees for individual subjects should be fixed at 5a. and not more than 10s. per term. Thb Qlkkblo Batxwat.. — On Monday morning the Glenelg Railway management began running a railway carriage, drawn by two horses, from the pier to Miller's Corner, in order that passengers might not be incon venienced by having to walk that distance. We understand that a conference will be held to-day between the Mayor of Glenelg and the Directors of the Company, when an endeavour will probably be made to settle the dispute amicably. TV* Uhtvebshx Senate. — The only nominations received at the University for the offices of Warden and Clerk of the Senate are those of Mr. Frederic Chappie, B.A., B.Sc, for the former position, and Mr. T. A. Caterer, B. A, for the clerkship. The ordinary meeting of the Senate will be held on Wed nesday, 27th inst., when these appointments will be confirmed. Land Board IN Western District. — After the Western Board had carefully in spected Crown lands, also lands in hundreds adjacent to Streaky Bay, the Chairman (writes a correspondent at Streaky Bay) advised the Commissioner of Crown Lands of the rents proposed to be charged on the lands in question. The Commissioner then replied that he was doubtful whether he could approve the Board's recommendations, viz., rents 1/2d. to 2d. per acre, purchase-money 5s. to 12s. He farther impressed on the Board the necessity of being extremely careful in fixing value of kind at under £1 per acre with rent on the basis of 2 per cent. interest on that amount. At a special public meeting of the Land Board, held at Streaky Bay on March 9, Mr. McKenzie moved, and Mr. Wollaston seconded the following motion :— ' That the Board does not see its way clear to alter any of its decisions, as they were arrived at after careful inspection of the land, and the Board is of opinion that the interests of the State, as well aa those of the public, have been consistently considered.' The meeting, which was attended by a considerable num ber of residents, announced its complete confidence in the Board, and regretted that the Commissioner of Crown Lands had interfered seeing that the Board had a personal acquaintance with the lands, whereas the Commissioner was com pletely ignorant on the subject, and had previously proved incapable of dealing fairly with the lands in the district, as the recent disastrous attempt to dispose of the adjacent country on pastoral lease fully demonstrated. Maryvale was an instance of the incon sistency of the land administration of the Hon. Jenkin Coles. It was notoriously the pick, of the district and the rent fixed by him as Commissioner approximated 2 1/2d,; per acre; 54,000 acres of this were given away to Mr. S. A. Horn. Yet the Commis sioner now urged the Land Board to be very careful in fixing rents at less than 5d. an acre on inferior country. The whole transaction strongly savoured of favouring-the capitalist and grinding the last copper oat of the small holder. Siltkb A5D LuAn Maeket.— -The Smelting Company at the Dry Creek; Smelting Works have received the folio wing'cable advice from their Xoudon agents, dated March 15:— 'Standard silver. 3s. Bid. per oz., market firm; soft Spanish lead, £12 12a. per ton, market firm.' Masobbz nr Vicxobia.— The installation of Sir Wflfiam Clarke as Grand Master of the United Grand Lodge of Victoria will take place in Melbourne on Thursday, March 21\. His Excellency the 'Acting Governor (Hon. 8. J. Way) will assist Lord Cardngton in the - ceremony. The following Grand Lodge officers in South Australia will leave by the express this afternoon to be present at the installation.:— Hon. A. M. Simpson, M.L.O, Messrs. H. E. Downer, M.P., Dr. Cockburn, M.P., 8. Solomon, ALP., J. G. Jenkins, M.P., J. H.~ Cunningham, K. H. Wigg, G. G Knight, T. De Ceari, F. Olifent, N. BUoael, J. H. Hannay, J. E. Thomas, T. Day, C L. Meyer, and J. B. Garner. Thx Bicyclh By-law.— In the principa % street* of Adelaide a somewhat unusual scene was .enacted on Monday evening. The Council have recently passed a by-law com pelling each cyclist to keep a bell ringing whilst traversing the streets, and to carry a red inst— '* of the ordinary light ; refusing to allow bicycles to stand more than a half- hour In the street, and, prohibiting wheelmen travelling at a greater pace than ten miles per hour. A number of cyclists foolishly burlesqued the order on Monday evening «ith bells of all sorts and sizes— auctioneers' bells, cow-bells, and bells : of irritating tonea. i Ihey paraded King William, Handle, and the Other principal streets, the din produced : bearing a strong resemblance toa 'tihket- tling.' Several horses were frightened, bat no damage was done. The desire of tha Corporation in framing the by-law is readily understood, but the active objection of cyclists, if persisted in, will doubtless provide interesting occupation for the police. Me. Wat Lbb and the Pole Tax.— Last December Mr. Way Lae, the Chinese mer chant of Adelaide, sent a report to LawTa Jen, Chinese Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary inLondon, addressed through Lieutenant Chen, who visited Aus tralia a few months ago npon a mission for the Government of China to enquire into tha condition of tha Chinese settlers in these colonies. The object of Way Lee's letter was to point out the unfairness to which naturalized and other Chinese were bud jected through being prevented by New South Wales and Queensland legislation from [crossing from other parts of Australia to those colonies unless they paid a special poll tax. He emphasized the consequent great hardship which. Chinese, merchants had to endure, and, after, entering fully , into details, he asked the Chinese Ambassador to make representations upon the matter to, the British Government, with the ultimate object of securing, an alteration of the law, . aiiice 'appeals to the New South Wales 'Government bad proved to be oseleai. ? Way Lee abwsuggested to the Ambassador that npon the Imperial Govern ment of China ahould be strongly urged the necessity of appointing' Consuls in all the colonies, bo as to 8630X8 better protection for the Chinese residents in Australia. A reply to his communication has now been re ceived by Way Lee from the Ambassador, through Lieutenant Chen, who dated from Paris, January 7. Lieutenant Chen said in this letter that he had conveyed Way Lee'a representations to the Ambassador, and assured that high official of the truth of the statements from his personal observations in Australia, as it happened that Chen was one of the passengers on board the steamer Roma who were prevented from landing at Mel bourne, although he was afterwards allowed to land after he had explained the special nature of his visit,' and the fact that he was not only an officer of the Chinese Navy, but had a position also upon an English man-of-war. He pressed upon the Ambassador the obvious fact that if Way Lee, a naturalized Chinaman, who was so well known and respected throughout Australia, was not permitted to cross the New South Wales Border, an unknown Chinaman must have to contend with even more serious disa bilities which ought never to be tolerated by one friendly nation from another. The Am baeBador said that he had earnestly and fre quently brought this- matter before the British Government, .and that it had been deoided at his suggestion to hold a conference between the Imperial authorities of England and China at ? some -date not fixed with the definite purpose of dealing by a treaty with the difficulties which Way Lee and other influential Chinamen bad brought under the notice of their Government. 'Nothing more definite, however, has yet been done,' Lieu tenant Chen added in effect, ' and there is no satisfactory understanding as to exactly what is likely to result from any conference.' He advises Way Lee in the meantime to send a petition to the New South Wales and Queensland Governments, asking them to repeal the law which imposes a poll tax npon Chinese crossing by way of the border from other colonies to theirs. If that appeal should be fruitless Way Lee is requested by the lieutenant, on behalf of the Ambassador, to report again to him, bo that further and more urgent representations may be made to the British Government. The Chinese authorities wish to have the whole question of Chinese settlement in the colonies specially considered, and they object not only to the particular tax upon Chinamen crossing the borders of the colonies speoially indicated (which is the greatest hardship), but to any poll tax being levied upon their countrymen who may arrive in Australia from China.. ' If all foreigners are taxed when they come we don't so much object, though we don't tax Englishmen who visit China, but we do think ii unfair and even monstrous that our people Bhould be specially excepted for taxa tion, the moieso as the criminal records show a very low proportion of crime by the Chinese colonists.' That is the substance of another passage in the letter. Finally Lieutenant Chen adds a paragraph to express in glowing terms his appreciation of the remarkable kindneBB which was shown to him in every direction in South Australia by the English people who bo cordially received him. The Thwatkw ahd the Oval. — Mr. Wybert Reeve, of the Theatre Boyal, sent a remonBtrative letter to the City Council, which was considered at their meeting on Monday. It pointed out the injustice of allowing the S.A. Cricketing Association to compete with the Theatre in night amuse mentB not taking the legitimate form of outdoor sports. He urged that the Theatre Boyal was pat to the cost of licence-fee, ? taxes, &c;, besides the very expensive item of - wages and general expenditure, while the S.A. Cricketing. Association was not so: encumbered. He put the question on the \ ground of fairness, contending that the Oral? was for cricket and kindred exercises, - whereas a troupe hitherto playing in theatres ? was about to open in the Oval under the auspices of theSACA. The Council were divided in opinion on the subject, and finally referred the matter to the Public Works Committee. Fire at Forest Range.— On Monday, about 1 a,m., a fire took place in a seven roomed house at Forest Range, owned by a gardener named August Baum. Although the fire was discovered shortly after the out- , break the means taken for its extinction proved somewhat in vain, and the place suffered considerably. The property was insured in the New Zealand Insurance Office for £350. Information was telephoned to the Wocdflide police, and an inquest will probably beheld. Stock Travelling Reshbves.— A petition was presented to the Commissioner of Crown' Lands on Monday, March 18, by Mr. Bonn sevelL. M.P., whe apologized for the absence of his colleague (Mr. Holder, M.P.), request ing that the Commissioner would refrain from doing anything in the matter of cutting up the atock travelling reserves, as he had, been asked to do by a deputation a short; time ago, but would wait until Parliament met in order that the matter might ba thoroughly considered and something definite decided upon. There were 834 signatures affixed to the petition, representing residents in most of the towns north of Adelaide. Death xs thb Bush.— The mountedcon stable stationed at Narracoorte in a report to the Commissioner of Police on March 14 Btates that he-went a few days previously to the Ten-mile Scrub inconsequence of a report that the body of a man had been found there. He saysthat about twelve miles from Frances he discovered the remains of a man lying under a bush, not far from the railway line. The body was almost entirely nude, and near it on the ground was the usual bush man's swag. There were no letters or writing of any sort by which to identify the remains, From the appearance of the Bpotit was evident that deceased had camped thereforafew days. The body was very much decomposed, and most probably had been lying there for about eighteen days, but the constable succeeded in giving the following description :— About forty-five years of age, some 5 ft. 6 in. in height, medium build, and reddish hair and whiskers, tinged with giey. About three weeks previously a man answering to this description had called at the Railway Cottage, near France3,andaakedforBome hot water. He appeared ill, but did not make any complaint. The matter was reported to Mr. A. Attiwell, J.P., of Narracoorte, who did not consider an inquest necessary. Tha body was buried on March 12. Atjstraliah Natives' Association;— A meeting of this Association was held at Beach's Booms on Monday evening, March 18, Mr. W. H. Wadey presiding over a large attendance. It was resolved that the Society should join in the demonstrations in connec tion with the reception of the Earl of Kintore. The Rev. Canon Whitington, a member of the Society who had just returned from tingled, was formally welcomed, In responding be said he had seen., in every direction In Eng land gratifying indications of the increasing nterett taken ia -the concerns of the co'onieff. There was evident the strongest wiah to strengthen the ties binding together all parts of the Empire. Mr. F. W. Taplin, Superintendent of Point Macleay Abori ginal Mission Station^ g*Vd an in teresting and instructive lecture upon the customs and traditions of the blacks in South Australia. He said that the confused form of the traditions made it difficult to obtain any precise information about the origin of the aborigines, though it seemed very clear that they descended from two distinct races. Their language was complex, and their laws seemed based upon an intelligent founda tion, but as a singular contradiction of character was the fact that the blacks bad little or no originality. The habits of the Narrinyeri were first sketched. Their habitat was in the vicinity of 'the Murray Bridge, and there was evidence of their having been a contented, happy, and prosperous people. They had a certain code of laws anppressive of vice and crime, and some notion of an all powerful Dsity con trolling from above the actions of the people upon earth. This God had two wives, and the three were visible as the principal stars in the Southern Cross. The blacks ascribedmost of their ills to the malign influence of woman kind, and the Biblical story of the fall of man quite accorded with the ideas of the Narrin yeri . The Australian aborigines had no word for *' forgiveness,' and that omission was in dicative of their character. They had a synonym for 'forget,' butthat was construed in only a qualified sense. If an enemy offended a second time the offence was not forgotten. There was hot any word for 'suicide' in; the native tongue. Fat people were always., admired, Polygamy was allowed, but a man having- more than one wife was regarded with pity, because of the disarrangement which the plurality was likely to cause in his damostlo affairs. It was considered unlucky .and even, improper for a man to go into' the -presence of his mother-in-law. Infanticide was practised, but the parental love for the children who were spared was very great. In connec tion with the industries , of the people was mentioned the excellence of the thread which they made is their uncivilised state — thread deemed by them to be better than the thread of commerce. They had only observance suggesting worship or sacrifice Their weapons were ingenious and well made, but the power of the boomerang had been overestimated. The boomerang only returned to the thrower if it missed its mark. There was reason to suppose that the blacks were acquainted with psychic force. Medi cines and poisonB were alike unknown, but the blacks treated diseases with simple devicas, and even performed amputations. The lecturer had traced in hia experience of the aborigines certain traces of something like Freemasonry, with its consequent mutual ad vantages. The Narinyeri were commu nistic in their ideas of property- ownership. They were very hospitable to strangers. They believed in a future state, and in the maintenance of communication bet wean heaven and earth by the spirits of the deputed. They had ghost atorieB, and their funeral ceremonies were amongBt the most revolting ever known. In closing the lecturer bespoke on behalf of the aborigines the philanthropic interest of the white colqnista in the efforts made to better the condition of the blacks. Mr. David Iindaav supplemented the remarks of the lecturer by a recital of some of his own observations in the interior. He agreed with the prevalence of the Buzgestionthat the abori gines descended fromlndian progenitors. The disgraceful manner in which the natives were treated in some parts of Central Australia by white men was enough to make one's blood boil. A reserve of suitable land should be made for their especial benefit. An interest ing discussion followed, and Mr. Taplin, who had come down from Point Macleay specially to give the lecture, was cordially thanked. Pabksidb Litebaby Society. —An inter esting and instructive paper on 'Some Theories on the Formation of our Earth, and the Origin of Coal and Gold,' was read by Mr. Alfred Odgers before this Society on Friday evening, March 15, There was a fair attendance. Cheap Gas.— Dr. J. E. Taylor, in his 'Notes on Popular Science' in the Austral asian, gives the following particulars of the manufacture of cheap gas from water, which formed the subject of a cable message in our columns a few weeks ago :— ' For many yeara past chemists have been aware that illumina tive gas could be made from other sources than coal. It can be made from water. The latter is only a chemical combination of oxygen and hydrogen, in the proportion of two parts of the latter to one of the former. Every time a blacksmith plunges a red-hot ' iron into his cooling trough he decomposes ' the water immediately in surface contact with the glowing bar. We can see the lambent flame of the hydrogen gas playing ' about it. Hence many people have long ' asked whether water gas oould not ba used. The gas we now burn used to be chemically . denominated 'carburetted hydrogen,' thati iB, hydrogen gas impregnated with carbon. ! The difficulty was to manufacture water' gas at a cheaper rate than coal gas. At' last the secret of doing this has been dii-j covered, and, what is more, it is already! successfully applied. The Leeds Forge Com- ; pany happened to be obliged to carry on a : 'higher calorific intensity' than usual. The, leBultsof certain experiments (not revealed), induced the managing director to devote his; attention to the manufacture of water gas. ' He began his experimental system in Septem ber, 1887, and it proved so satisfactory that at the end of last March he went to the expense of special plant. The latter now produces 40,000 oubio feet of water gas per hour. For nearly a year this large supply has gone on uninterruptedly and success fully. Water gas is now used not only for lighting purposes, but for metallurgical re quirements also. The whole of the Leeds Forge Company's Works are supplied with it. It is need in the heating furnaces and in the plate-mill, where the steel ingots are rolled into platea for the manufacture of Fox's corrugated boiler flues. It is employed to weld the same tubes, to heat the plates for the flanged frame-plates for railway rolling-stock, and other manufac turing purposes where 'hitherto fuel has been employed. The coat of the production of water ga3 comes out more than favourably. Ita production per ton of. fuel is 30,000 cubic feet; and. with fuel, at 8s. per ton. (the average North Country price), and labour at Ss. 6d. per day, water gas can be manufac tured at less Chan Ad, per 1,000 feet. The Manager of the Leeds Forge Company's works states that the savins effected there by the use of the new g&s; is £10,000 a year. The gaa has little or no Bmoke or smell, and there is no destruction of piofcures, curtains, or furniture in the rooms where ifc is used,' Rives Mtjbeay.— We take. the following paragraph from the Argus .v- Mr. D. McMurdie, who was deputed by the Dibbs Administration in New South Wales to visit Victoria in order to ascertain the quantity of water which is being diverted from the River Murray for irrigation purposes, has waited npon the Minister of Water Supply. He was furnished by Mr. Deakin with copies of official reports and with the gaugings of the Murray, and haa since commenced hia work of inspection. Mr. McMurdie was a member of the New South Wales Water Commission, and toofe part in the conference held two years since between that body and the Vic torian Water Commission to determine a basis upon which the waters of the Murray should in the future be jointly controlled by the Governments of the two colonies. An agreement was arrived at to place the river under the authority of a Trust, to consist of six representatives of New South Wales and three of Victoria. The whole of tha Murray from HoWIong to its source, together with its tributaries, and thab portion of the Murray extending from Howlong to the eastern boundary of South Australia were, under the agreement, regarded as the common property of the two colonies, and, subject to the reservation of compensation waters, each colony was to have the right to take and divert one half of the volume of water. The tributaries of that part of the Murray lying between Howlong and the South Australian Border were, under the terms of the agreement, to be under the sole control of the oolonyf through which, they might i pass. It was determined by the opnference that the Governments of New South' Wales and Victoria should be urged to embody the agreement in a Bill to be passed by the Leghlaturfcs of the two colonies. South Australia, however, intervened at this Btage, and threatened that if any action were take i by either of the neighbouring colonies with out reference to it, it would at once appeal to the Imper'al Government for protection. This intimation led to sudden suspension of the negotiations, which have not been since resumed. | {Mb. Weagge's Forecasts.— Messrs. C. M. and J. B. Muirhead inform us that owing to Mr. Wragge's absence in the interior of' Queensland they will receive no forecasts for six weeks. Smuggling Stobies. — Aproposot the story of the sailor who smuggled cigars baked in a loaf, says the ' Tittle Tattler' of the Pail Mall Gazette, a story cornea back to my mind which I heard last year on the Polish frontier from the mouth of one of the CuBtom - house officers. It had happened that several timeB horses, donkeys, and dogs had passed over to Germany whose appear ance was remarkably sleek and well fed. Curiously the fat beasts always arrived after dark. Their owners offered themselves and their goods for official inspection, but nothing ' zollpflichtig' was . ever found till one evening one of the steeds became restive, with the consequenoe that a shower of Russian tea rained - down from Ub internal parts, when it Ap peared that the outer covering was only an j overcoat, neatly sewn on, between which and the real skin were embedded many pounds of caravan tea. And here is another good i smuggling story from the Belgian frontier, i A newly married couple were returningjto ? ' Germany after a tour to Brussels. As the i train approached the frontier the bride grew ! uneasy, and presently confessed that she bad a quantity of finest Brussels laoe in her bag on which a high duty would have to be paid. ' Put it inside your | hat/' she pleaded. This was done. The! Custom- houee officials looked all through the j boxes of the elegant young lady, knowing by experience that suoh are the moat daring of : smugglers, but fonnd nothing. The chief officer, charmed by the amiable manners of , the husband, accompanied the couple to the ; train, when the wretched huaband, forget ting his secret in the joy of having escaped, ; raised his hat to the officer, and was in stantly enveloped in a soft white veil, i Tableaux, . Wise at the White House.— One of the I mooted questions that is now consuming the the time and energies of -temperance people ba America (according to the New York cor* ? respondent of the London Daily Telegraph) ' is, ' Shall wine be served at the White House daring the next Administration '?' , Mrs. Hayes, it may be remembered, waB the ' first mistress of the White Honsa to banish :? wine from her tables. There was mnoh ; criticism in consequence. The foreign | diplomats did not relish President . Haves' State dinners, which were served ! with nothing more exhilarating than ice water and coffee. Many were unkind enough to accuBe Mr. Hayes of motives of economy in \ discarding wine from his Bideboard. No I President since has followed the example in ' this respect, but with the advent of each succeeding Administration the temperance j dogmatists gather in force and petition for the abolition of wine from the Presidential table. Neither President Harrison nor his wife has given these people any encourage ment, and it is not believed that there will be a return to the sold water diet during the ? next Administration. 1 The Beblik Chimney. Sweeps. — We: learn from the Berliner Nachrichten, an ex-! tract from which has been kindly forwarded j to us, that Sir Edward Malet, the British j Ambassador at Berlin, provided a Christmas' dinner in that city for as many of - the ap-j prentices to chimney sweeps as could oome. He communicated by means of one of his attaches with the master of the Guild, whoi hi his turn sent oat a circular to master! sweeps asking them to say how many of; their apprentices could come to the dinner. ! Out of fifty-three boys whose names were j given .in forty-one put in an appearance at j the restaurant where the treat was to bej given. They were not dressed, as their un-i known benefactor had desired, hi their; working costume (the costume, that is, iaj which they go up the chimneys), bat! nevertheless the occasion was very; interesting. Befoie they sat down to a substantial meal of good roast, beef and plum pudding four gentlemen1 appeared. One of them, who did not give his name, waB the British Ambassador,' and he presided over the dinner. At the con elusion of the repast, when the little sweeps; bad had enough beef and pudding and lager: beer, coffee was handed round and the speech-making began. An enjoyable alter- ? noon was spent by the youngsters, whoj thanked Sir Edward very heartily for biai kind interest in them. : New Swinging Bebth.— At the office of; Messrs. F. Prince & Co., 31, Craven-street, j Strand, there is on view (says the Pail Mall\ Gazette of January 18) a new form of berth! or swinging bed for Bhips, the use of which' ia intended to make seasickness a thing of the past, and to render a trip aorosS old! ocean a mere pleasure outing for even the] most nervoua of persons and those with the! most delicate constitutions. Of course, it is the invention of an American, aa are bo many good things. This time it is Mr. Godwin, of Lynn, Massachusetts, who has taken upon himself to make ocean travel a pleasure. The real invention is a sort of swing for supporting a ship's berth, and maintaining it in a level position, however much the vessel may pitch or rolL It is an adaptation of the rotary movement of the ball-and-socket joint to a sort of wooden hammock. Brackets are screwed into the walls of the cabin, provided at their outwardly projecting ends with lues, to which are secured the base piece of a ball and-socket joint. A spindle- passing through the ball, supports a beam provided in the centre with an aperture into which the lower end of the joint passes. The berth is bus: pended to these beams at all four corners, and works easily and noiselessly. Oar repre sentative, who is well acquainted with the inconveniences of the fixed berth in ocean; going ships, was asked to enter the Godwin berth, and found the swing from aide to Bide, and also from front to back, perfectly easy and pleasant. The invention has also been tested with great success on one of the Allan line steamers from Liverpool to America, when even the ' roaring forties' were found to have no unpleasant effect upon its fortu nate occupant. It has also been tried on some of the vessels of the London, Chatham, and Dover Railway, between Calais and Dover with equal success. It will doubtless be quickly introduced into other vessels, especi ally of those great lines whose principal aim in life seems to be to seek opportunities for making a sea voyage a matter of luxury, and whose Bhips every year bring over and carry back so many thousands of our cousins from across the herring-pond. Rates of Exchange.— In Mr. F. Wright's report a misprint occurred in the quotation of London exohange in Sydney. The rate for buying should have been 'par to 10s. per cent.' Holdfast Bay Yacht and Boat Club.— A general meeting will be held at Glenelg to-night. : Nobwood Baseball Cltjb.— A meeting will be held at the Plough and Harrow Hotel this evening, Y.W.GA.— A social in connection with this Association la announced for to-night. The Tonga Exiles.— The Eev. David Tonga and his wife will speak to-night at the Firie-Btreet Wealeyan Church. 