The Five Comrades By Sa.uk ee ns F. Nicuoi.x.8. IL , ' There are three of thein, ^ said Hugh, who was seated where' he could command a view of the new- ' comers. Mick partially raised himself, leaning upon one elbow, the better to see the strangers, No sooner had he done so, than he jerked his head forward, and still further elevated himself, leaning upon his hand. Ab the throe figures approached, his gaze became more intense, tic Turgor even to draw at rue pipe, and when Mirk forgot his pipe something very extraordi nary indeed must be the matter. Then, with a jerk of his body, and still gazing, and his head thrust out, \- he came to a full sitting position. ?'Good job we put these ducks down,' remarked Hugh, turning the spit, and giving a hungry sniff at the frizzling game. Mick did not make any response. He did not even . hear what had been eaid. Though not a thing to be noticed in other men, this was so unusual in Mick, who was always ready with i some reply, or some joke, that Hugh turned to look at ' him, and seeing the eager attitude, the fixed stare, with . which he was regarding the approaching group, ho had got out 44 Why, Mick, what — — ' When with a mighty bound, his companion sprang to ' his feet, and shouting, ' By the Rock of CasheVit's 'foe Lone Elk hhntolf *** he sprang forward as the strangers approached foe fire. Hugh, swing this sudden action of Mick's, also ?sprang quickly to his feet, extending his hand for a moment to his rifle, but desisted upen seeing the character of the greeting Mick accorded to him whom ' he called foe Lone Elk. The bearer of 4Mb name was evidently foe foremost of foe force. Many of the former owners of foe great forests and prairies, foe noble lakes and mighty rivers of North America, had Hugh seen visiting foe forts and trading posts, many sadly fallen from the ideal type of foe noble red man. Here and there would be one who had withstood foe wasting influence of foe white man's fire-water; hut of all those he had seen, he who now stood within foe light of the camp fire was foe noblest specimen. Though not so tall as Mick — for Mick was tall and big, even amongst tall and big men— yet this chief, for chief he undoubtedly was, stood but little under six feet, and his finely-proportioned, well-knit form and noble head, his erect and proud, yet graceful, carriage, bore au air of distinction that would have claimed notice and admiration anywhere, and amid any surroundings. His companions were two youths, one apparently about Hugh's own age; the other, a year or so younger. I have said that at the sight of -the Indian Mick had sprung towards liim, uttering foe exclamation re corded. Seizing foe hand ot the chief in one of his own. great paws, and clapping the other on the shoulder of the red man, he said, or rather shouted would the better express his manner of speech, 'Lone Elk! it's Michael Finn can't belaive it. Is it yomjself, or arc ye some body else, at all, at all, and what part of foe other world have ye come from, and yourself dead and scalped five years agone, and not dead now at allP' And foe great warm-hearted, black-bearded giant wrung foe hand of foe quiet statuesque figure before him as though he would wring it off, continuing with : '* But shure it's not foe ghost of ye, is it? and if it is I'm better plazed to see yer ghost than if Fd been left the whoie county of Tipperary itself.' A gleam of pleasure Bhone for a moment in the dark -eyes of foe Indian as, returning; M ick's grip, he raid, in a clear, gentle voice : 'The Lone Elk is glad to see his brother, foe Great Bison. My brother's heart is like foe summer suni, and the heart of the Lone Elk is warm beside it.' This meeting and greeting had for a moment absoibed the attention of Hugh, but he now turned to see who foe Indian's .companions were. As he did so, -one of -foem, foe shorter, and stouter, of foe two, said, with a twinkle in his eye and a laugh in bis voice : ' Look here, cousin Hugh, we are not Lone Elks or Great Bisons, but you might notice two fellows so far as to say, 'I'm gud to see you Cousin Stanley and Cousin Tom.'' ; ? : _ For half , a moment Hugh looked from one to foe cfoer, as if he thought the two laughing young English faces before him might be, as Mirk said of the Lone Elk, two ghosts, but 'fbr half a moment -only, for foe other half of that moment found him shaking the hand, first of one and then of foe other, with as great a heartiness, if not with as mighty a strength, as Mick had greeted his friend. 44 What, Stanley ! Why, Tom ! Glad to see you ? Should think I was. Well, if this isn't grand. How did yon get here ? How's father ? Here, coiae up te foe fire.' And then mere shaking of hands, and look ing into each other's, honest eyes and bright, smiling, glad faces in a way that did Mick's heart good to see, : and brought another gleam of pleasure to the face of foe Indian. - \- The three advanced into foe firelight, Hugh exclaim- ] ing: ' Mick I Mick.! hem are my consins turned up. Isn't it the j oiliest, luckiest thing that could have hap pened ? That's Stanley, and that's Tom,' he continued, and then, turning to the great hunter, said, ' and that's Mick. If you can manage to make Turn out at all, ' he added, laughing, as foe giant thrust a handout to each youthin turn. ' And it's mighty plazed I am to see ye,' said Mick, his hearty, voice and grip showing he meant it. 4* Any friend of Hugh Fdwckner is a friend of Mick Finn's. And, Hugh,' he said, taking foe youth by foe arm and leading him up to foe Indian, ' this is the Lone Elk, an old friend of mine, and sharer rifle, keener eye, and truer heart no tnan ever had, be he black, ted, or white. It's in foe Happy Hunting Grounds I thought he was years agone, 'bout which I'l sell ye some day.' *' How are you, chief P' raid Hugh, in his straight forward English, fashion. ~~ ' I am- glad to see my young brother,' replied the Indian as the two shook hands. ' Phew,' whistled Stanley, when foe three new- I comers had stood their rifles beside the tree, and turned to foe glowing, crackling fire, where foe turkey and ducks were now browned and done to a turn. ' You don't starve in the woods, Hugh.' 44 Know better than that,' said Hugh, ' but we were expecting company. You fired a ehot, you know, and down went those two fat ducks.' ' Hooray !' cried Tom, ' that's the best shot I ever made— two ducks, plucked, cleaned, and roasted, at one shot.' 44 We have two brace of ruffled grouse we got this morning, and a young salmon (about a nine-pounder) we caught iu the lake to-day, coming along,' said Stanley. 'Bravo, me boys! They'll do fix a snack for breakfast iu the morning,' cned Mick. Mick's ideaof a snack was about equal to any other man's feed after & week's fast. His cousins having assured Hugh of foe welfare of his folks at home, whom teev had left about a week . before, also giving him briefly foe news from England, further details were deferred 'until later. In foe mean time the blankets and game and few stores of foe new arrivals were brought up from the canoe and placed under foo great tree, while a couple of pines were cut down near foe camp, and lopped ruid topped, end rolled near the fire, where they served for convenient teats. Somehow there appeared a need, foo, for more fuel for the lire, on lira principle, I suppose, of more in camn a bigger fire, and three axes went rigorously to work amongst the hickories aud pines, and the already great fire has made greater, until foe roar and crackle , cou'd be heard half a mile away. ' Well, Hugh, en' if you're not the boy for a big fire now, an l'ui wid ye, too, for it's always fine company ; and a grand illuminator, as foe careful man observed ; as he picked up a pin when his house was luraing,' i said Mick, \- «« Where was that, Mick ?' queried Hugh slyly, as he proieeded to remove the birds, while Mick bu&ie; 1 him 'self with the tea. 'Well, I disremember just foe exact spot now, me boy; but as near as I can fix it for ye, it was a place . where there was a pole on one aide and u pole on the ' other.' replied Mink, giving the tea a stir with a twig, and lifting it from tbe fire. 'A polo!' cried Tom, looking up at Mick, whose face was as grave as a judge. 'Yes, I'm just after remembering that the North Pole was on one side and (he South Pole on the other,' replied Mick. It took about 60 seconds for anybody to be friendly and at home with Mick, end tile whole party felt as if they had known each other for months instead of minutes. A few ferns were now spread under the tree, and the cooked game being placed upon foem, tbe five seated themselves on foe logs, or on foe grass, little thinking just then that they were destined to be comr&deB; in many a hunting adventure, in many a day of laborious travel in pathless woods and perilous enter prise. They were quickly at work now with bowie knives upon foe plump turkey and plumper ducks, with a fine appetite each for the sauce. A large fat turkey and two duoks, iu even better condition, would have appeared a very liberal meal for five diners, seated around a table in a town, say in Sydney or London, and it is pretty certain that some portion not to be despised as a cold snack for another time would be left, but town-manufactured appetites are very different appetites from those manufactured in foe woods.andhad your supper or mine depended upon . what those five hungry hunters left of their meal, you and I would have gone supperless to bed that night, as I fancy did a hungry watcher, who had vainly hoped for a share in foe repast. This hungry watcher was a stray wolf, who had not been so fortunate in his bunting that day as his keen appetite told him he ought to have been, and be bad, while prowling around foe shore of foe lake, hoping to suprise a sleeping duck or hure, sniffed the pleasant scent of roasting game coming down on the evening breeze to his wolfish nostrils. Following this scent up at a loping canter, be found it led him towards where a brilliant light lit up the woods and glittered, reflected, from thousands of leaves that tremuloosly quivered on the forest trees around. That wolf, being first couBin to sly Reynard, was much too wise to trust himself within that mystic circle of light, so halted in the gloom beyond, and, crouching amidst a bed of abundant fern, lay down to watch what those troublesome intruders in nis woods were doing around the great pile of flaming logs. As the five hungry humans cut up and set to work upon the fragrant meat, he elevated his long snout in the air and sniffed longingly, hardly able to restrain foe plaintive howl that should' tell of liis desire to join in the feed, and reflecting, no doubt, upon the unequal division ot the good things of this world which gave plenty to beings with two legs and none to the one with four. But perhaps there mieht be a good supper yet left for him, for surely all that meat would not be devoured by that Bm&H; company. Leg3 and wingB, however, disappeared with a speed that even a wolf would have thought creditable, though with this difference, that there was no fighting over foe bones. There remained, though, the breaBts and backs, and that would not be a meal to be despised by a hungry wolf. But breasts and backs followed after legs and wings, and foe wolfish natcher was reduced to a last hope— that foe picking of foe bones might be reserved for him— but his keen eyes , saw that each hone, ore it left foe hands of those abominably hungry hunters, glistened white as his own sharp teeth, and when the great blaek-bearded giant suddenly arose, as tall as a young pine-tree, and, stretching his long arms, flung the back of foe turkey from him with a yawn like tbe bellow of a bison bull, that startled wolf bounded back into the darkness, with a howl of disappointment, and, with his nose to the earth, went off elsewhere to look for a supper. 