OlCinoeig lesomhthing a man knows more abbih gifter he has been given a "tip." . Vomen are naturally progressive. There ism6tdotide' oftibet ewho doesn't believe in freeidorifo'speech. SF'iid an's 'righles lady remarks that the higjhee' i~f' "?man is to have his life in. .surea'O bit wife's benet ::. An author, ridicoling the idea of ghosts, asks how a dsil 'man'can get iqto a locked rooi'? -'Hsy -efioghb With a skeleton key.. :A[ municipal candidate, whose principal rsipprtors' are tavern keepers and shoe moakers;proudly alludes to them as members of'the r and beh6hn. She-" Harry, you would make a poor sol dier." IHeI"A poo?esoldietl!Why, Manud She--=` eta6se' yoSadon'teeem to know how to use your arms. :"(Tableau.) This truthb' biy 'ijority carried, 'Tis agreed on by men near and far; Men are overjoyed to get married, .. $t.more overkVred when they are. Mrs. Bjones"-" hear .that young Mr. Sissy i. still.in aearoh.cf.a wife." Mrs. Jmtth-.. Why, I thought he was married .' lr. ,jones -",-.o io was.. She's left him. She's toe one he's in searchof." An old lady, entirely out of the hearing of the p cher'a voice, being found sobbing, wiasted :why abe wept, since she could not hwrtheq wd 4d of the minister. "Oh," said she, " I can see the holy wag of his head." , The word ." small-po " fell to Tommy to spell, but ha foonds ,hopeplelsly. "Tom my," said the teahlier, 'do you know what a little bay, who faila o an simple a word as small-poxaought to get r? " Yes'm,' re plied'Tommy "'"heought toget va:cinated." :, Atphilosopher ? ho.went.to chdrch where the pefple caew: in law ialid it' was "the fashion there for nobody to go till everybody got re." . . SA philosopher says,!" Wonan is the Sin day of man." Man also has his weak days. One of them is when he spends a day shop. plig witl lb t _ s day of mo. , lsteomer-- ,It aren't the trouenrs too long ". Tailor-"-Too long! Day is made to fit a man ex?acikl your size. If your legs happen to be?a dri abshort you must quarrel mit.nature-.oot de.tailor.' Don't be dishonest in small matters. If yo0 get found, otuyoe won't have much of s ohance fo? larger operations. :' This is thobaeat of ignorance ! A paper isti'ift ill-faitti what is the use of iluicasl oflihns 1Theue sI Thnder I they're all t 'yenT't;it iani' codnfort to a man who ;1jht 4abis .tggirig oit to know that he can'tak ii~s comic song with him, or corn pose and introduce in.his new country his p :on, piticulir 'i neral ; march, or entci mesWl melody i, Again, think of the vast amount of satisfaction afforded to the dying, nmiden who iis enabled to take her favorite hymn along with her to the gret. whenoetl ,Musical coffins Gret Scott! Why,. we know any number of men who IfbseV6 thlnnfl l eq,,toqlryho ljapg'pq eotpl'ao 4sythiig else for music, and who aiotgld' be'given the'ltet style in coflins, and ab 'ice i 'We fahcy, however, that :the ni-i i 'cofflin', i only the thin end of thleowedgeo so to sapak.; Why not have hand'painted 'shrouds, or,. better still, phonographic cdflins, so that every one can_ tak :his, or her o r.q funeral soro"n along and tiOe. it off1among. tihe pretty, pink angels? 1 