IN PARLIAMENT. .:?.?-? . ? ^ ? ? Vbry placid, if not exactly what anyone, except, perhaps, a Domain ' dead-beat' asleep ia the gallery, would call pleasant, are the sittings in Parliament, pending that great occasion, when ever it may be destined to be, which will set the rival hosts once more at each, other's throats. «A new member'5 (easily recognizable) giving his first impression ia one of the papers, complains that he finds it rather dull, not half such good fun as lie was lea uy me j.-arua.wuuuu.i.j i^yj-j'-™ to expect. Even the Premier has not im pressed him, giving him rather the idea of an ancient and fish-like mariner, hoarse with years of foam and fog, than of an ' old man eloquent,' while the only hon. mem ber who has at all come up to his great expecta tions as an orator he declares to he Mr. Thomas Walker, M.P., as he appeared in his memorable phosphorescent oration in his own defence against the Premier's Canadian ghost-story. Well, we can quite believe him. Tilings have been quiet, but the new member may ' take heart again/' as his favourite poet has it, and be sure that it is far too quiet to last— that there will be a dies iron, or a nox, perhaps several nodes, of the same, when be will be quite satisfied a? to whether the newspapers and Hansard have libelled some of the members of the late Parliament or not. The truth is that, Hke the great Powers of Europe, the rival powers of the House are too nearly balanced for either to care much about hitting each other first. Hence the astounding (for the Assembly of New South Wales) civility on both fides. If war did break out, no one can tell what might be the end of it ; but it is certain that when the struggle does come it will be Titanic, and jusfc as probable that the thing to bring it about will be after all some veriest trifle — say, Mr. R. B. Wilkinson, or something of that sort. Meanwhile, as we said, hon. gentlemen are in a friendly, not to say generally philanthropic mood, in proof whereof they passed the other night the second reading of a measure for the relief of young criminals convicted for the first time. If it is said, as we are very sorry it has been, that another reason for this benevolent measure may he the number of comparatively young men who find themselves for the first time members of Par liament, we would point out, with proper scorn, that its author is the old offender — we beg pardon — member and sternest of law-makers, Mr. J. P. Abbott, and that it received the full and cordial support of that other shining light of the legal profession, Mr. Crick. In fact, the legal profes sion seems to have been generally in favour of letting loose with little or no punishment young and deserving criminals on the sole condition of promising to ' go and sin no more.' The Minister of Justice, indeed, was anxious to add another condition, that of also promising to pay the co3ts of their prosecution, but even the Premier must have had the sense to see that this ?would be simply a temptation to another sin, while Mr. Crick and Mr. Harold Stephen opposed it vigorously as a palpable absurdity, and it was rejected accordingly. The First Offenders Bill may, doubtless, prove a genuine act of mercy in many eases both to the community and to the of fender. Ifc may save the one from the cost of edu cating at its own present and future expense many young criminal-:!, and it may save the other from the life-long bitter consequence of a moment's thoughtless act. But it will enormously increase the responsibility of the Minister of Justice, who, we suppose, will have to administer the Act, for, of course, there should be no hard-and-fast rule. Every case must stand on its own merits, and we know how these are apt to be urged in the case of first offenders who are neither young nor deserv ing, but simply well connected, On Tuesday, notwithstanding his exertions at the Hawkesbury, Mr. M'Millan made a strenu ous effort to disabuse the minds of the critics of hi3 deficit liquidation scheme of their principal objection, that it means a forced and therefore extravagant selling of the sub urban public lands. But it can mean nothing else, even though he now explains that he meant to spread the term of his proposed Treasury bills over 15 or 20 years and. not, as was supposed, limit it to five. It is cleai' that this does not affect the main objection, which is simply that so much laud must be sold under this plan whether it can be sold profitably or not. It is giving a security which must be realized at any sacrifice when the time is up, when there is x'oaliy no necessity to give such security at all. The ? same security, with ever so much more, is in fact all there as it is, and there is nothing to prevent the hou. gentleman from issuing his Treasury bills to-morrow without making it one atom more 'tangible' than it is. But the great objection is the gross injustice which the scheme must do to those persons who have already bought subur ban lands froai the Government, aud having im proved them or had iheni improved for them, are still holding them themselves for sale. That objection, in which, we are happy to say, that eminent financier, Mr. Hornsby Burns, and at least one of the Treasurer's colleagues tho roughly concur, Mr. M'Millan did not in tho least remove or try to remove, and until lie does re move it in tho only way possible, which would be a ' large order' even for him, we fancy there is about as much chance of his scheme passing as there is of Mr. Prank Favnell's Totalizator Bill, or any other similar 'fad.' !????! II —II— ? ? II '?' ? ~— ? ? ~*~~r* 