THE STORY-TELLER. THE SPECTRE OF STORNOWAY HOUSE. CHAPTER I. 11 Die, then, sad memories, leavirg bahind yon Eo token nor reiic " November 18 came in very stormy and fcloBttrku, suggestive of anything rather than the cn&riu; of spring, in Soath Aus tralia, however, the summer comes booh enough to please most people, and few were disposed to giumble at the sadden relapse of the weather into something like midwinter. Dr. Thorp, a yonng medical man, just set up in practice at Nelson-Bay, an indent on the coast of the Gulf of St. Vincent, received a summons during the first week of this month to attend a somewhat distinguished patient, ITitherto his dally work among the cottagers in the scattered townships hid been of an nnexoiting nature ; and though he praotiied bit profession cheerfully, It was with a new ssnse of interest that he prepared to obey the call to minister to the needs ol a man who was celebrated as a marvel of learh; fng and the greatest traveller of his day. "Drive to Ktoruoway House," he aafd, taking his Boat in the buggy beside his coach man, and unfolding the morning paper. " What, the haunted houBe, sir 1" the man exclaimed with colonial freedom. " Don't repeat that nonsense, Parks, You know that not a servant will stay In the plaoe who bears that kind of story." " Thedoctor as washers before you knows &b; how it's £iue, air. There w&b; a Berv&nfc; there went mad three years ago with what she saw, She's in the asylnm now," " And who knows whether it was in con sequence of anything thBt she saw ? People beoome mad without seeing ghoBts." " Well, sir, that's what I heard, The family left soon after, for not a girl would stop, ,, "Ah," Dr. Thorp said, stifling a yawn, take oar© you don't repeat this uoqbbqbb to the maids. I shall be eerioaely annoyed if any report of the find reaches them through you." He tarned, to the atudy oi his newBpapsr, and left Parke to meditate upon the ghost until they oatns in sight of the house, a large strongly duiH and somewhat pretentious looking mamaion, with turrets and pinnacles, standing on a broad Bandapit on the coaBt of St, Vincent's GuU._ Jfc was a lonely wind swept spot, but it did not eeem unnatural to Thorp that i& man who had exhausted most of the plcasurea of lifo, and had grown weary of wandering, Bhould settle down here to the life of a recluse, The sea has an inexhaus tible charm for Borne people, and in the late sunlight it was looking its loveliest; in the near distance spangled with white sails, and every shade of azure and parple playing across iu roiling translucent masses. In the background tho beautiful Adelaide bill lines heaved softly out of the auriBhot; mist, show ing points of blue or violet among the still lights and shadows. Thorp had never Been the house so near before; he fonnd on closer Infection that the Rroaoda had been pat in order, though, there was but little attempt made to cultivate a flower garden. A small forest of tarnerkks iu bloom and some mari time shrubs relieved the dreariness of thB sandy surroundings, and in the porch was a movable garden in bloBBom. Thorp left the buggy and knocked at the door. It was opened by a mild and bald manservant, who apparently aombined several offices in his own person. Ho led the way upstairs to a broad landing, up two more steps, and down a long winding corridor to his master's bedroom. This oorridor ran towards the western Bide of the hones ; towards thB east was another passage, ending in a glass door. Thorp noticed it as he reached the landing, and wondered who could have been the architeot of Bach an oddly built place. _ He soon forgot in ob serving the Injurious appointments every where to find fault with the inconveniences of the building. The rich Oriental tapestries hung everywhere where the subtlest draughts might creep would, he thought, probably prove very effective iu laying the re ported ghost. He had heard all aorta of stories of candles suddenly extinguished and lamps taring unexpectedly and showing dismal-hued lights about this honsa from BonrceB which he thought wore respeotable, and had alw»ya concluded that the whole mystery might ba laid to the charge of the architect and the builders, Hb guessed, too, that tenants who had been unable to pay the rent exaggerated as much as possible the coincidences which they had witnessed with a view of giving a respeotable colouring to their sudden evacuation of the premisos, The man showed Dr. Thorp into his master's bedroom, annonnoed his name in a snbdued tone, and withdrew. The light was so dim that at first Thorp oonld see nothing but a faint outliuo on the bed, but as bis eyea became used to the gloom he discerned a finely shaped grey head lying back on a laced pillow, and clearly chiselled, regular fea tures, worn to transparency by snffering. "X am sorry they troubled you to come, doctor," Sir Stephen Tregarthen said, when be had answered the few questions put to him by the medical man. " I feel myself to bB dying—I wish to die in Bhort—and X should prefer being left to pass away quietly withont being teased to follow rules and to Bwallow drugs." Thorp scarcely knew what to reply to this statement, Ha objeoted to uttoring common places, and so he eat silent. H1b silenoe, as it happened, served him better than the wiaest words. The patient felt that he had a sympathetic man to deal with, and he added more cheerfully, "I felt it a dnty I owed tn my familyat leasttoyield to their wish that I should see a doctor ; bnt though I am to be henoeforth nominally in your handB, I bBg that you will respect my desire that it may remain a mere xortn." "What about my professional reputa tion 7" Thorp asked laughing "I will take care that it shall not suffer by your failure to work a cure on a man who was dead, all bnt his wretched body, long before yon were called iu," Sir Stephen said wearily, and nuking a slight effoTt he changed tho conversation and talked to Thorp about the house. He told him that it hud been built by a monomaniac whose particular craze had been to spend his fortune in erect ing his own idea cl a palace. Juet as it was finished he grew violent, was pat under re straint, and died in the course of a few weeks. Thorp left tho hanse with two impressions —one possibly suggested by this last item of information, namely, that Sir Stephen Tre garthen himBelf appeared to be a little un hinged in mind on certain subjects, notably his resolution to die in spite of everybody, and that apart from dangerons topics he was an enchanting companion. Re talked very little, bnt what he said was indicative of broad sympathies and extensive culture. Two or three times during the same week be paid professional visits and came away blushing to think bowlittle note he had taken of the passage of time in Sir Stephen Tre garthen's company. By this time he had gathered other and more fully developed impressions of his patient's character. It startltd him a little, notwithstanding hi* nitnral receptivity of new ideas, to find how very much relaxed were many of the re straints for Sir Stephen winch lie open tne consciences of other meo. And yet it was impossible to dispose of him hastily; as a man of lax moral fibre Thorp felt sure that Tre garthen would be a strenuous follower of the lawa of his own nature. But he appeared to h&vo; eo comprehensive a grasp of abstract ideas as to ha in no danger of exaggerating the vnloe of any special virtue ; be regarded life nut coldly, but with the gentle disen gaged interest of a mere spectator, who felt that he had a perfect right to qnit the scene at any moment he might choose to select. Thorp also learned something of his patient s history in these interviews, He waB a widower with three children who were at present in the house with him; his married life bad evidently been brief. Thorp could not guess from his host's manner of alluding to it whether it had been a happy union, He hud travelled over most of the oivillzed world, but had spent the greater part of his time in theKast, away from the beaten tracks of tourists, It appeared that he had come to Anstralia principally to please his cousin, who had taken care of his children since his wife's death. She had speculated in laud and mining shares Borne years before, and having heard unsatisfactory reports of her investments had been extremely anxious to " see for herself," Sir Stephen felt a little curiosity to visit the Australian colonios and they Balled. " I hope you have no reason to regret hav ing paidns a visit, Sir Stephen?" Thorpe said, wondering that a man who spoke with such keen appreciation of the beauties of countries richer in landscape should have Bottled in this barren spot. He observed a curious spasm pass over the patient's features, as he idly asked the question, and was much struck by the tono in whioh Sir Stephea answered. " 3od only knows whether I ought to say yeBor no." 