OUR STORY. THE TENANT OF THE CEDARS. (13 y Mary E. Pexk.) {Continued from last issue.) With a. passionate gesture of his clenched hands he turned from me and limped hurriedly away dqwn the path. I saw no more of him that evening, but he occupied a large share of my thoughts both then and in the days which followed. His presence seemed to add to the uucmny sort ojf fascination which the place pos sessed! for me—something which at once repelled and attracted my imagination. Yet i if the place were haunted, it seemeci haunted by nothing more terrible than the gracious memory of its late tenautj which pervaded every room, like a lingcjriug echo, or a sweet faint perfume giving me a melancholy and mysterious •charm. A fortnight passed away in an unevent ful tranquility. 1 took long walks in the pleasant Berkshire lanes; angled in the stream', lounged in the garden, and spent -quiet evenings with my books. <1 seen nothing more of my landlord [imstance which I hardly regretted), y only connection with the outer was through my cheerf ul and oblig I ha| ■(a circi and ni world ing little maid, who brought my letters aud papers every morning, and regaled me with scraps of village gossip. I should tho roughly have enjoyed this "lotos-eating" •existence but for the feeliug of languor :.and depression which clung to me. For the first time In my life I was conscious of " nerves." I felt restless and ill-at -ease, and my sleep was disturbed by -troubled dreams from which I woke, "in •the de| •freuib Onel ad waste and middle of the night," ing with some nameless fear, night when I had started awake in -this uncomfortable fashion, finding it im possible to compose myself to sleep again, dressed, lighted a cigar, and took my seat near the open- window. The night I was sultry and still. The moon had set but the sky was full of stars, and their faint, diffused light showed me the garden, the stream, and the shadowy beyond. The murmur of cunning scarcely heard by day, was dis part •water, tinctly audible in the silence, and now and then a languid breeze charged with the sweet aromatic odour which the sleeping -earth' jreathes forth, just stirred the leaves ■and di sd away. Was it in the magical still ness of such a night as this, 1 wondered, that lldonie Los telle had sung her last song —that song which was never finished ? Hei face rose up before me with strange distinctness, and I seemed to be listening once more to the clear, silvery sweet tones ; <of her exquisite voice, which had a tender thrill, like the wooing note of a dove. I -•recollected that when last I heard her sing —it Was a private concert at Lady A 's —she had chosen Beethoven's " Per pieta son dirmi addio 1" The words haunted -me, their musical syllables settiug them selves to the murmur of the breeze and the ri rplo of the stream. I do not know how long I was sitting thus when I was roused from my reverie by another sound, coming from the room beneath—the key of which had been in my own possession sinoe the day of my -arrival. It did not at once arrest my at tention, hut it stole upon me so gradually j that Ii could not have told at what moment j 2 first beard it. I turned from the window j and listened. | Was I dreaming, I asked myself be- I wilderedly, or did I hear the faint sweet -tones of a woman's voice singing the very -song which haunted my memory 1 I •started to my feet, and for a moment stood transfixed, paralysed, by a fear such as I •had never before experienced. Recover ing myself by an effort I took up the might-lamp and left the room. I noiselessly descended the stairs,crossed the little tiled entrance-hall, and paused i outside the door of the closed room. My Iieart beat fast and thick and a creeping •chill stirred the roots of my hair as I stood in the hush of a sleeping house, listening —to what ? The voice of Leonie Lestelle. Faint and aerial as the notes of an zEolean harp ; near, jyet distant; sweet beyotid words, but uhutterably sad, it thrilled through ■the silence, breathing with tender, pas sionate entreaty: "Ah, per pieta non . dirmi' addio !" I forgot to feel afraid ; I forgot even to wonder as I listened with -suspended breath to those entrancing notes, j and when they ceased I stood as if spell-bound, longing to hear more of the sweet unearthly music. At length, when the silence had lasted some moments, I ventured to open the door. The room was dark and empty, the piano closed. As I stood on the thres hold looking round, I felt a touch on my arm, and turning with a start, found Uu •derwood - at -my aide. He had been watching me unperceived. He beckoned me into the other room and closed the door before he spoke. His face was flushed; his eyes glittering with excite ment, and a strange sort of triumph. " You have heard it at last !" he breathed. "You know now that the sound 16 no ' delusion." It is her voice that follows me night aud day. Oh, my lady, my queen,"he broke off, " why do you haunt me? What is it you want of me ? If you would but speak instead of mocking me with those sweet piteous songs of yours " He sank on to a chair near the table, burying his face in his hands. I set down the lamp and took a seat at his side. " When did you first hear it ?" I asked, involuntarily speaking in a whis per. He looked up, pushing back the disordered hair from his forehead. " Last summer. The first time it was hut a faint thin sound, like a distant echo, but every day it grew clearer and nearer, seeming to float in the air around me. It is not only in the house that I hear it, hut out of doors in broad daylight, as if she were flitting about the garden singing to herself as she used to do. Sometimes she calls me—'Jacques, Jacques!' and her sweet, low laugh sounds so close that I can't help turning, half expecting to see her at my side." I shuddered. "I wonder you have kept your senses 3" I exclaimed. '* y°u think F atn afraid of it ? No —her voiceis etill to me what it always was, the sweetest sound on this side of heaven. It is only in spring and summer, during the months she lived here, that I hear it," he continued. "It ceases at midnight on the first of September ; break ing off in the middle of a song—the very song she was singing when—when it hap pened." I glanced at his face and something I saw there confirmed a suspicion which had already occurred to me. 4 Underwood," I said suddenly, leaning forward with my arms on the table ; " can yon honestly assure me that you do not know or suspect who took her life ?" He looked at me fixedly a moment, then answered, in a tone of curious com posure : 441 have known all along." I drew back and stared at him. 44 Then, why in heaven's name did you not speak at the time ?" 44 My lips were sealed by a promise." 44Given to whom? Who. hound you to silence ?" 44 She did, with her last breath, that fatal night, when I found her, lying in the moonlight, with her life ebbing away from tho cruel wound. She saw in my face that I guessed who had struck the' bloV, and with all the strength that wad left in her she implored—commanded me never to tell. It was her husband—for she was married, though the world did not know it. I have kept the secret so far, but I feel that if I don't share it with some one, I shall go mad in earnest. It is eating my heart away. I dare not break my vow, hut you shall know the truth." 44 From whom 1 How Bhali I know it— and when ?" 44 He rose and pushed back the chair, pointed over his shoulder, then bent his lips to my ear. 44 Watch with me in that room on the night of the first of September, and you shall learn the secret." Before I could speak again, he was gone. III. The last week of August was stormy and wet. Summer took flight hurriedly, scared by the wild gales and heavy rain which stripped the branches and laid the flowers low. The green arcades of the park were dank and dripping; the sunny glades, forlorn ; the avenues carpeted with fallen leaves, and the little river, trans formed from a stream to a torrent, had overflowed its banks, inundating the lower end of the Cedars lawn, and carry; ing away the hand-rails, and some planks of the bridge. The tempestuous weather culminated on the first of September. From dawn till dark the wind blew and the rain fell 44 as they would nerer weary but in spite of both, I was abroad all the after noon, being in a restless, excited mood which would not allow me to remain be tween four, walls. The light of a stormy sunset was fading into dusk when I returned through the park, tired and wet, after a long tramp through miry country lanes. As I emerged from the plantation which bordered the stream, I was Surprised to see Sic Philip Bans tone, who was standing on the bank, near the bridge. Buttoned up in his ulster he leaned against a tree, smoking, iu serene indiffer ence to wind and rain, with a large black retriever at his feet The dog started up as I approached, barking violently, and Sir Philip turned. 44 Ah ! good evening, Mr.—a Wil ford," he said, coming towards me. 44 Awful weather, isn't it? But I see you defy the elenieuts, like myself." 41 was tired of staying indoors," I ex plained. I should think so ; you must be bored to extinction in that dull hole, with no company but your own." 41 am fond of my own company," I said, smiling. 441 am never bored when alone." He glanced at me with languid curi nsity. 44 Really. \ H'tu—I can't say as much. I think in your place I should be teady to fraternise with Underwood bear as he is—in default of other society." Underwood and I are very good friends, Sir Philip. I find he improves on acquaintance." 44 There is room for improvements," was Jus comment. 44 By the way," he con tinued, knocking the ash from his cigar, 441 should very much like to know whe* ther he is the author of an absurd report "which has only lately reached my ears— that the Cedars is haunted. It struck me that it might be an ingenious device of his to keep tenants away." I,shook my head. "I am quite sure that he has nerer told—I mean that he has never spread such a report." He turned and looked at me. " You seem to think there is some truth in it," he remarked. I felt no inclination to take him into my confidence, and stooped to stroke Ms dog without replying. Am I to conclude from your silence that you do ?" he persisted, with an iron ical smile. "'Come, Mr. Wilford, you don't mean to tell me that you, a man of the world, and a lawyer to boot, actually believe in ghosts V I hesitated a moment, then looked up. I believe in the evidence of my own senses," I said quietly. 44 You excite my curiosity," he sneered. "What uncanny thing have you seen, I wonder ?" I have seen nothing; it is a sound which haunts the house." 44 A sound ?" he repeated, with a quick change of tone. 44 What sort of sound." 44 A voice," 1 said, slowly. " The voice of the ill-fated girl who met her death be neath its roof." The cigar fell from his hand. 44 Good heavens!" he breathed. 44 What do you mean ? It is not " 44 Yes, Sir Philip; it is the voice of L^onie LesteUe. I have heard her sing ingas plainly as I beard you speak just then." | He looked at roe blankly, the colour fading f rom his face, and lib dark eyes di lating till they seemed all pupil. Re covering himself, however, he stooped to pick up lib cigar, .and burst into a scorn ful laugh. "Preposterous; you must hare been dreaming, or else it is some trick of Under wood's." " Could Underwood imitate such a voice as hers ? Besides—he has heard it himself. It has haunted him for the last two years." Sir Philip drew in his lips, and was silent a moment. " That is strange," he said, at length. " Why should it haunt him, of all people, unless—" he glanced at me significantly—" unless there is some foundation for the suspicion which still clings to him." " I am quite sure there b none," I an swered, warmly. " Other people do not share your con viction," was his reply. "It is because no one in the neighbourhood would give him the shelter of a roof that I have al lowed him to remain at the cottage. However, he will soon have to find fresh quarters, for I am determined to have the house pulled down. . Haunted or not, it is a gloomy, ill-omened place." And, indeed, it looked so at this mo ment, with the shadows of the stormy twilight gathering ronnd it, and a white mist rising, wraith-like, from the stream. He stared at it moodily, pulling the long endB of his moustache. " Where did you hear the—the sound 1" he asked, after a pause. " In what part of the house ?" " In the room where the tragedy oc curred." He shivered slightly, and threw away his half-smoked cigar. "The probability is that you had been thinking of that horrible affair, and im agination did the rest. As to Underwood, everyone knows he b half-mad. Any how, you will oblige me by keeping the story to yourself. I will wish you good evening now," he continued, glancing at his watch; "or, rather, good-bye, for I am going abroad in a few days, and shall probably not see you again." He bowed without offering me lib hand, whistled to his dog, and walked away. (To be Concluded in our next issue.) 