ON THE WARPATH. (Br TOMAHAWK.) * 11 Flt-fakep..' — Yes, the Haibor Trust are gotog to spend £135,000 on a jetty down the river and £18,000 for a Pootseray road. Ain't they beauties 1 ' That's the way the money goes, pop goes the' weasel.' ' Artist.' — Yes, that crane and timber lift on the pier is still a thing of beauty. It is rusting away, no man being foolish enough to work It. ' Not just yet awhile,' anyhow. ' Ghoyetxf.e.' — My dear boy, let them rub it in. We have, that is oar public men, no right to be consulted about anything. We are a poor lot and they ought to throw mad at ns and rub it in. The aristocracy rule ns and that's what's the matter. 'Tribute.' — 'Tribune' is a cambrian cum-celtic-cum-anglo-saxionised word, and means a great little in a big ninch. It has other significations, snch as getting a ' rag,' and a platform (?) at somebody else's ex nense. Hnrroo 1 but tbe Trinity are foine men intirely, they want correct and im partial reports. They shall have 'cm. Ta ta until we meet at Thillipi. ' Rover.' — Have patience, and wait ' a wee.' Yon cannot expect too much all at once. ' W ait till the clords roll by.' If yon get abolition of plnral voting and local option during the next 10 years, be satisfied. Rome was not .built in a- day, neither is a political egg hatched in five years. ' Truthful 'Daniel.'— Yes, come along this way if yon want nothing but truth. This is the ' Palace of Trnth, and you can bare it to suit any side. I manufacture it on the premises at so much per ream. Call ronnd sharp. This is the tame of year when the wary old ' sundowner ' decorates his hat with ehcalyptus leaves to keep the flies off his nose, and the railway navvy confiscates a cabbbage leaf — If. he can get' one — where- with to keep the summit of his pericranium in a proper state of refrigeration. It is also the right time for the indignant ratepayer to growl about his water supply. The Yau : Yean eel visits the suburbs and the bydatial puta bis travelling trunk in order for a long voyage. The street arab gently insinnaUa bis carcase into tire bosom of tbe Lagoon and fervently imagines that his health is pro moted thereby, as he has beard- old people — who have not had a swim for twenty years — remark with considerable unctiou, that bathing is a healthy exercise. It is also the time when the sun and tbe north wind enter into partnership to dry up tbe dirty gutters in the district and thereby save tbe cor poration a whole heap of trouble, by blowing into the houses to ornament the furniture of the careful housewife. Everyone you meet remarks, 'It's hot, ain't it?' as if you didn't know it. The average Englishman must either growl or hurst, and 'Toma- hawk ' Is no exception to the rule in one respect— he ain't an Englishman, he's a ' beast ' anyway that is what Mrs T. calls him. She doesn't know when I'm chaffing her, so she gets 'had' pretty often. My grievance is caused by a turkey, that's what they call it. Pre heard of Noah's turkey, and I've arrived at the conclusion that my bird is the father of this one. He's a thin gobbler, and defies all my strenuous efforts to make h?m obese. Mrs *' T.' says he has the ' pip ' and wants sulphur pilis. Prob ably he does for he's been fed principally on hashmygandy, for economy's sake, since I first stole him, and it might disinfect him at all events. I postponed bis execution oa Christinas day as he seemed unprepared to give np the ghost, and I don't see my way clear to dine off his remains to-day as he is still among the light weights. Tve been thinking what a high time tbe cholera would )T- jhavc if ft i each cd Vort Melbourne, It would ' %/§iurly revel- in the sweet smelling 'town.' I wouldn't object to cholera if it would only ' collar' a few of the Council and frighten the rest into making proper sanitary arrange ments, for without donbt it is a perfect dis grace to seethe state of the back lanes and streets of 3beTori._ No doubt if it comes close enongh to frighten them, we will hare the usual dose of spasmodic activity, house to house visitations and a full dose of Central Board of Health regulations, which only means after all that the place is dirty ami wants cleaning, instead of always being kept clean. I have interviewed King Cholera in another place, bat I proved too tongh for him, and I haven't the least dread of him again ; but nevertheless I would recommend the ratepapera to eee that their thorough fares are properly looked after at the present time, for those who wait till the choleta comes win find out, wheu too late, that it is a terrible master, who seizes on man, woman or child to fill its insatiable maw, and when once it starts no man can tell where it w il finish. 