THE BONDMAN.* ——— A NEW SAGA. ——— BY HALL CAINE, Author of "The Deemster," "A Son of Hagar," "The Shadow of a Crime," etc., etc. ——— CHAPTER IX (CONTINUED.) THE COMING OF JASON. The two bright lights that led the vessel to her ruin came from the two little bays that lie under the Maughold Head. The light in Port- y-Vullin was in the hut of Stephen Orry, who had lit his lamp and placed it in the window when he went out to bid farewell to Michael Sunlocks, thinking no evil thereby to any man but only that it would guide him home again when he should return to the boat. The light in Port Lague was from the cottage of three old net weavers, who had lived there without woman or girl, or chick or child, through more than forty years. Two of three were brothers, Danny and Jemmy Kewley, both over seventy years old, and their housemate, who was ninety, and had been a companion of their father, was known as Juan MacLady. Danny and Jemmy still worked at the looms year in year out, every working hour of the day and night, and Juan, long past other labour, cooked and sewed and cleaned for them. All three had grown dim of sight, and now groped about like three old earthworms. Every year for five years past they had needed an extra candle to work by, so that eight tallow dips, made in their own iron mould, swung from the open roof rafters over the meshes on that night when the Peveril struck on the Carick. It was supper time, though old Danny and old Jemmy were still at the looms. Old Juan had washed out a bowl of potatoes, filled the pot with them, hung them on the chimney hook and stirred the peats. Then to make them boil the quicker he had gone out with the tongs to the side of the house for some dry gorse from the gorse heap. While there he had peered through the darkness at the hay for the light on Point of Ayre, and had missed it, and on going back he had said : " It's out again. That's the third time in- side a month. I'll go bail something will happen yet." He had got no answer, and so sat down on the three-legged stool to feed the fire with gorse lifted on the tongs. When the potatoes had boiled, he had carried them to the door to drain them, and then with the click-clack of the levers behind him, he had thought he heard, over the deep boom and splash of the sea in front, a voice like a cry. Going indoors he had said, "Plague on the water-bailiff and commissioners and kays and councils. I'll go bail there's smuggling going on under their very noses. I'd have the law on the lot of them, so I would." Old Danny and old Jemmy knew the temper of their housemate—that he was never happy save when he had somebody to higgle with—so they paid no heed to his mutterings. But when Juan, having set the potatoes to steam with a rag spread over them, went out for the salt herrings to where they hung to dry on a stick against the sunny side of the porch, he was sure that above the click of the levers, the boom, and splash of the sea, and the whistle of the wind, he could hear a clamorous shout of many voices, like a wild cry of distress. Then he hobbled back with a wizened face of deathly pallor and told what he had heard, and the shuttles were stopped, and there was a silence in the little house. " It went by me same as the wind," said old Juan. "Maybe it was the nightman," said old Danny. At that old Jemmy nodded his head very gravely, and old Juan held on to the lever handles ; and through those precious minutes When the crew of the schooner were fighting in the grip of death in the darkness, these three old men, their nearest fellow creatures, half deaf, half blind, were held in the grip of super- stitious fears. " There again," cried old Juan ; and through the door that he had left open the same cry came in above roar of wind and sea. " It's men that's yander," said old Jemmy. " Ay," said old Danny. "Maybe it's a ship on the Carick," said old Juan. " Let's away and look," said old Jemmy. And then the three helpless old men, trembling and affrighted, straining their dim eyes to see and their deaf ears to hear, and clinging to each other's hands like little children, groped their slow way to the beach. Down there the cries were louder than they had been on the brows above. " Mercy me, let's away to Lague for the boys," said old Juan ; and leaving behind them the voices that cried for help, the old men trudged and stumbled through the dark lanes. Lague was asleep, hut the old men knocked, and the windows were opened and night-capped heads thrust through. Very soon the house and courtyard echoed with many footsteps, and the bell over the porch rang out through the night, to call up the neighbours far and near. Ross and Stean and Thursten were the first to reach the shore, and they found the crew of the Peveril landed—every man safe and sound, but drenching wet with the water he had passed through to save his life. The schooner was still on the Carick, much injured already, plunging with every hurling sea on to the shoal beneath her, and going to pieces fast. And now that help seemed to be no more needed the people came flocking down in crowds—the Fairbrothers, with Greeba, and all their men and maids, Kane Wade the Methodist, with Chalsey A'Killey, who had been sleeping a night at his house, Nary Crowe, and Matt Mylchreest and old Coobragh. And while Davy Kerruish shook the salt water from his sou'wester, and growled out to them with an oath that they had been a plaguey long time coming, and the skipper bemoaned the loss of his ship, and the men of their kits, Chalse was down on his knees on the beach, lifting up his crazy, cracked voice in loud thanksgiving. At that the growling ended, and then Asher Fair- brother, who had been the last to come, invited the shipbroken men to Lague, and all together they turned to follow him. Just at that moment a cry was heard above the tumult of the sea. It was a wild shriek that seemed to echo in the lowering dome of the sky. Greeba was the first to hear it. "There is someone left on the ship," she cried. The men stopped and looked into each other's faces one by one. " No," said the skipper, " we're all here." The cry was heard once more ; it was a voice of fearful agony. "That's from Port-y-Vullin," said Asher Fairbrother ; and to Port-y-Vullin they all hastened off, following the way of the beach. There it was easy to see from whence the cries had come. An open fishing boat was labouring in the heavy sea, her stern half prancing like an unbroken horse, and her fore-part jammed between two horns of the rock that forks out into the sea from Maughold Head. She had clearly been making for the little bay, when she had fallen foul of the shoal that lies to the north of it. Dark as the night was, the sea and sky were lighter than the black headland, and the figure of a man in the boat could be seen very plainly. He was trying to unship the mast, that he might lighten the little craft and ease her off the horns that held her like a vyce, but every fresh wave drove her head deeper into the cleft, and at each vain effort he shouted again and again in rage and fear. A boat was lying high and dry on the shore. Two of the Fairbrothers—Stean and Thurstan —ran it into the water, jumped into it and pushed off. But the tide was still making, the sea was running high, a low ground swell was scooping up the shingle and flinging it through the air like sleet, and in an instant the boat was cast back on the shore. "No use, man," shouted many voices. „ But Greeba cried, " Help, help, help !" She seemed to be beside herself with suspense. Some vague fear, beyond the thought of a man's life in peril seemed to possess her. Did she know what it was ? She did not. She dared not fix her mind upon it. She was afraid of her own fear. But, low down within her, and ready at any moment to leap to her throat, was the dim ghost of a dread that he who was in the boat and in danger of his life on the rock, might be very near and dear to her. With her hood fallen back from her head to her shoulders, she ran to and fro among the men on the beach, crying, " He will be lost. Will no one save him ?" But the other women clung to the men, and shook their heads and answered, " He's past saving," and " We've got wives and children looking to us, miss—and what's the use of throwing your life away ?" Still the girl cried " Help," and then a young fellow pushed through to where she stood, and said, " He's too near for us to stand here and see him die." " Oh, God bless and keep you for ever and cried Greeba ; and, lifted completely out of all self-control, she threw her arms about the young man and kissed him fer- vently on the cheek. It was Jason. He had found a rope and coiled one end of it about his waist, and held the ——————————————————————————— * All rights reserved. ——————————————————————————— other in his hand. The touch of Greeba's quivering lips ad been as fire to him. " Lay hold," he cried, and threw the loose end of the rope to Thurstan Fairbrother. At the next moment he was breast-high in the sea. The man must have seen him coming, for the loud clamour ceased. " Brave lad," said Greeba in a deep whisper, " Brave is it ? It's mad, I'm calling it," said old Davy. '' Who is it ?" said the skipper. " The young Icelander, " said Davy. " Not the lad Jason ?" " Aw, yes, though—Jason—the gawk, as they're saying. Poor lad, there's a heart at him." The people held their breath. Greeba co- vered her eyes with her hands and felt an im- pulse to scream. Wading with strong strides, and swimming with yet stronger strokes, Jason reached the boat. A few minutes afterwards be was back on the shore, dragging the man after him. The man lay insensible in Jason's arms, bleed- ing from a wound in the head. Greeba stooped quickly to peer into his face in the dark- ness, and then rose up and turned away with a sigh that was like a sigh of relief. " He's done for," said Jason, putting him down. " Who is he ?" cried a score of voices. " God knows. Fetch a lantern," said Jason. " See, there's a light in old Orry's hut yonder. Let's away there with him. It will be the nearest place," said Kane Wade. Then shoulder high, they raised the in- sensible man and earned him to Stephen Orry's hut. " What a weight he is ?" said Kane Wade. " Slip along, somebody, and get the door opened." Chalse A'Killey ran on ahead. "Where's Stephen, to-night, that he's not out with us at work same as this ?" said Matt Myl- chreest. " He's been down here all week," puffed Nary Crowe. In another minute Chalse was knocking at the door,, and calling loudly as he knocked. " Stephen, Stephen, Stephen Orry." There came no answer, and he knocked again and called yet louder. " Stephen, let us in. There's a man here, dying." But no one stirred within the house. " He's asleep," said one. " Stephen—Stephen Orry—Stephen Orry— wake up, man—can't you hear us ? Have you no bowels, that you keep the man out ?" " He's not at home—force the door," Kane Wade shouted. One blow was enough. The door was fas- tened only by a hemp rope wound round a hasp on the outside, and it fell open with a crash. Then, the men with the burden staggered into the house. They laid the insensible man on the floor, and there the light of the lamp that burned in the window fell upon his face. " Lord-a-massy," they cried, " it's Stephen Orry hisself." ——— 