oýP G 0ý' KNAvE Or CLIUBS-The Croupier. A SUMMER BEEViEraoc.-June-iper juice. ANOMALY IN AcotsTnes-A Silent Creek. PERENNIAL CREEPERS-The Serpent Tribe. FROSTS are generally dew before they come. THE END OF TIHE WORLD-Money-making. TILE CirunRCI MILITANT-BATTLEAbbey. NOTCE OF A PEAL-A flash of Lightning. "Oh, do have a little more-let me persuade you." Hesu eMoser.-The wages of the baby's nurse. A MuERE ACCIDENT-Drowvning in the Lakes. SEMI-DETACIHED - Judicially- separated couples. THE NEW CUT-The Mfanchester Ship Canal. Tim MIN?IsTER OF TiHE INTERIOR Gunter. RAc?No Mo.-The 'Mid-Kent Stakes: Hop-poles. THE "tFLOWER" OF TILE TORY PARTY The Primrose. Is a soldier's life worth living? It depends upon the liver. VWHEN a calico won't wash you can depend upon it it isn't a certified check. WiHEN an office is out seeking a man it is like a ghost. It startles everybody. LATEST NIICKNAME FOR TIE IRISH SEC. RiETARYT- Lawn-Tennis Bal(1)-four. PAsADoxicAs-That Hen-ley should, among Regattas, be "cock o' the walk." MANY a beau who wears a sweet-smelling boutonnibre is without a cent in his pocket. PENr NOTE-The best kind of paper for Litter-ary purposes : Straw paper, of course. A "GAMEr" THiAT IsN'T WonRTI ITS (S)CANDA?L-The unfair running of racehorses. TiE wife who can retain a sure hold upon her husband's heart will never have occasion to take a grip on his hair. IT may sound paradoxical, but one's "bare" word is not always sufficient to establish even the "naked" truth. THEREi is one tiling that tihe invincible Western cyclone has never yet succeeded in lifting, and that is a mortgage. Our, water surprise ! And so there's a scarcity of water in Paris ! Well, that's no thing new. In France water is always l'ean I PRIEST (to a very sick man)-" Now, if you have any earnest desire in your heart, name it." Sick man: "I want to get well." ASPIRINiG Poet-"Don't you like the meter of my new poem ? So light, you know." Critic: "Yes, aniost light enough for a gas meter." "I aMi a painter and," said hie, "Seek aid from Nature's heart." "I am a painter, too," said she, "And get my aid from art." DARWINIANx NOTE-It is thought that both the monkeys and the parachutists at the Alex andra Palace are intended as illustrations of the "Descent of Man." Miss CHARTYr-Is your husband addicted to the use of alcoholic stimulants.?" Recip. ient of Alms : "No, indade, munr ; not he. His only failin' is drinkin'." BEFORE offeringyourself to the plump- look= ing toboggan girl you flirted with last wintei, perhaps it would be as well to wait until you see her on the beach this Summer. Mnrs. O'Bu.Lt-" This is the seventllh night you've come home in the morning. The necxt toime you go out, Mir. O'B., you'll stay at home and open the door for yersilf." Mr?E are usually willing to give their opinions freely on any subject, but you mustn't expect tihe photographer of rural scenery to give you his views for nothing. SiE: "You must never let father see you put your arm around my waist." ie: "Why, would he be so angry?" She: "No, dear; but hie would try to borrow somne money from you." A mworet.? has reached the age of one hun dred and thirty years, and it is a pitiahle sight to see her one-hundred-year.old son sit in the corner and wriggle while hie sobs. "Ma, can I go out? " AFTER all thie objections made to executing criminals by electricity, it is urged by the advocates of that system that after a person has tried the new method once lie will never use any other after. TEAciIER : "Andc now, Hong Fdy, can you tell me the meaning of the words 'Go to,' as frequently found in the Holy Scriptures?" Hong F?oy : " Yessee, mam I Hnim allce samey 'Come off." WVICKWImE: "Say, Yabsley, how about the report about town that your landlady refused to let you have your trunk when you changed your lodging-house last week I " Yabsley : there was nothing in it." THE Rev. Dr. Divine-" I rejoice to learn, Miss De Fashion, that you have decided not to wear a low-necked dress at the party to night-" Little Dot (interrupting): "She tan't. She's got a pimple on her bosom." ALGErINON : "Say, grandpa, here's a picture of a IRomian banquet, and they are all lying down to eat. They don't do that way now, do they?" Grandpa: "Er-well, yes, there is more or less lying down at public dinnmers still." ANGRY WIre (after a quarrel) : "Seems to me we've been married about a hundred years. I can't even remember when or where we first met." Husband (emphatically) : "I can. It was at a dinner party, and there were thirteen at the table." "RO?nenT, dear, what is a jag?" "A jag! I don't know, Maria." "MIrs. Jones says' thalt her husband told her that lie saw yoiu. down toaln with your jag oni" " Oh, yes, I see. lie meant my English top coat. It is sometimes called a jag." "Yonrt father is an easy, 'come-day, go day' sort of fellow, isn't hlie, Clara!" "Don't mistake him, George. I have had suitors before now who thought that of him, and who have subsequently been obliged to admit that he was a person of considerable push." THE only way to solve the problsm, "Is marriage a failure " is to try it. It reminds us of the story anent the toadstool and tihe mushroom. How can you tell a mushroom from a toadstool ? By eating it. If it is a toadstool you die ; if it is a mushroom you don't. HIe was an artist courting the danghter of a retired sea captain. While they were seated together one evening ir thi dimnly-lighted parlour Ie was sarprised by tle Irarse excla mation of the ancient mariner in tie next room, "Cast. off that painter I" uot sire explained that her father was only talking in his sleep, and that a "painter" was a rope attached to a ship's small boat, and the engagement proceeded. Rosy IBoY : "WWhy didn't you take a wed ding trip, Bloodgood ?" Bloodgood : "Well, you see, my wife rrd I came to the conclusion it wouldn't be much of a novelty for us. We met first on a steamer on the Atlantic Ocean, I proposed in Sweden, was accepted in Russia, obtained her father's permtission in England,: the marriage settlement was drawn up in the Unitad States, and we were nmarried in Neew Jersey." SOCIETY PetS WivO rNEED PROTECTIOr. People wiSl never be able to realize the nmlti tudinous dangers to which human life is con stantly subjected. A Cincinnati boy was recently bitten by a tame bat which had been. flying about the house, and the symptoms of hydrophobia becaame so strong that hoe was sent to Pasteur. Ilight on the heels of this comes the story of a Kalamazoor young society belle who was so severely stung by a bedbh, that she couldn't turn her hessd on tie street, to see how another woman's dress fitted be hind. There should be a law passed compel ling people to muzzle their bats, arid as for bedbugs we have all along taken the stand that they should be carefully bathed in cal oil and then taken away from their ririr dies oi society belle and fed on insect powder for ri few weeks. Their stingers should then be cut off with a big pair of shears before being al lowed to run at large again. Our society pets must be protected at all hazards. CAsTE IN TIrE CLoTrIrn rBUSINESS.s-Alger. non: "I notice that you did not respond to young Brown's bow." Augustus: "No;. his family does not amount to much, you know. They're only conemon clothing dealer's people." "Algernon-: "But, goodnessgracious ! youe father is in tie clothing bisiness." Augustus: " iWholesale, deah ssoy, wholesale. Father would rather.dieethan sell anything at retail. Nreblesne oblige, ysu know, deah boy.'¶ WHi.T asouT ne.-Dashlerigi: "Cinuldany. thing ie thinner than the gaeme that ers. 'frorter uses to veil the charms of Clenitetral" Dumleigh: "Yes; are." Dasihleigh : "What is that I" Duirileigh i "The hirirbs unde' the &foiesna;& gane?" - - " . _.. .... . . 