I UNDER THE feHADOW. CHAPTER II, During the nine weeks which intervened before the trial of JAckson commenced noth ing of importance transpired. Ferguson's straw hat was picked up in a sea-washed cave along the coast; but all other investigations failed to yield any trace of the murdreu hinh. The excitement abated, and afteV the nine days of wonder, the subject Was shorn of its horrors to all except those immediately con cerned. Lizzie VvAs racked by regret for the past. To Ihirik that her lover had died before peace was made ; her flag of truce ho had not seen ; and she mourned as ono who had no hope. The heart was full of its own sorrow ; there was no room for bitterness ! against Jackson. Strange to srtys slito of all the people of Sandy Bay Cherished least animus against that liliimppy man. Jackson was removed to Yew-dale, and tliero ill that narrow £ell sought to find his way from the interminable quagmire into which his guilty folly had led him. None heeded, none saw i the faltering step that walked on through } many long dull hours, and WhUii his brain grew heavy with sorrow tind anxious thought 110 kindly word soothed him or brought light to his glaring eye. His wliito face grow paler as day by day ho pined for freedom. Many and many. a time when, warn and weary, he flung himself dowli On his pallet to woo sloop that Would hot come, lie cursed the hour of his bil'th. There was no satisfaction in his dying. Had it been self-sacrifice-^-bVlt no. The world know him to be a Cain stained witli blood; his very memory would be held up ta execration. He became morbid when his legal adviser came to suggest linos of action or got expla nations. He would hardly listen with patience, let alone open his mind to put that gentleman in possession of tho facts of the case. What was the use ?—fate was against him. Aught that lie could say, or aUght that could be done, would make no difference. His doom was fixed. To irtake riatters worse, if anything, Mrs Jacksdn dieu in the interval. Her son's ^ disgwte'e had broken her heart-. She coulfcl not live to see him hanged. Orto inorning the blinds of her little cottftge were undrawn—a sign of death. Aye, when the door was forced they found her sleeping quietly :n a dreamless, eternal sleep. Robert was deeply attached to his widowed mother, and when he leirHed that she had gone to a far cttilntry, he was thoroughly cut ujk \Y hy this load of grief ? : he questioned as he gazed out through the | iron bars to the blank, impenetrable space. as there no God of love anywhere ; no spirit of infinite justice ; 110 higher oncircling intelligence that knew of his blamelessness 'I Was there a God, and colild he be reached by prayer 1 And As the heated fancy rose and floated out into the expanse of ether during the still night, like a tone of music rising upward in quest of kindred harmony, he found no Infinite Being taking any in terest in his lonely despair, and ho cried— " Christ, show me the leather and it will su(lic3." The light from the distant stars revealed naught but law—cold, unsym pathetic law. His helpless hunger for re sponse was unsatisfied. As the night wind moaned through tho outer courts of the building, coming fresh from tho trees and flowers and the many waters of the deep, it whispered tho self-same hopeless strain. There is no God in the natural world till man by an act of faith places Him there. He grows from the human heart outward ■ as the soul develops, the idea of Deity ex pands. Divinity is within us from on high, and as >ve answer to ita prompting mtS throw off the dask of old Adam And behold a voice ?aJ-ing, " Lo, I am with you ahvay." Robert had not ivnched that altitude above cloud land Yvh'ere man feels the abiding presence of the Eternal; trouble and grief enswathed him in darkness, nor pence could he get anywhere. The morning of tho trial came round ; all' the fisherfolk flocked to lWdAle, some among them who had neWr left their native village before* f he quiet country town was in a ferment; long years had gone, since a murder case was tried. It was shocked, of course, but also bustling with importance. A holiday was proclaimed, shops were closed, farm work was forsaken, and the Sunday garb put on ; and with ono collscilt visitors and inhabitants made fof the court, which was the centre of attraction for the dajr. The aututtiil assize opened with several minor c&stis; on the calendar ; these disposed of, Mr Robert Jackson, twenty-nine, was indicted on a mistrate's inquisition for the wilful murder of James Ferguson Kb Sandy Bay on the 19th of June, btjfdre Mr Justice Deanholmo. Eminent hi en of undoubted forensic ability "Conducted tho case for and against the prisoner. Jackson was put up about twelve o'clock and formally charged with the crinVei He pleaded "Not guilty.'1 He presented a sorry spectacle, with his haggard, drawn face, as he furtively and curiously glanced round the court whilst the jury wore being sworn in. Mr. Gruce opened the case for the prose cution, and detailed the facts and circum stances of the murder, not omitting to em phasise Miss Brewis's wonderful vision. When his oration closed, the twelve good men and true were prepared to look at every thing through his glasses. Luke Gibson, living at Sandy Bay, said on the day prior to the murder ho with others was in the Blue Dolphin, and some innocent words of his caused irritation be tween tho two men. Ferguson struck the prisoner, but the latter did not retaliate, merely said " You'll repent that blow." No, there had been no previous ill-feeling among them that he was aware of. Next saw Jack son the following night in his boat off the Falcon rocks, and he seemed agitated at being seen there ; it was midnight, an acci dent to his fishing gear had compelled him to put about and return. Thought no more of the meeting or the quarrel till he heard of Ferguson's disappearance and listened to Mrs Jackson's words at the village inn. Then he associated this and that, and thought it expedient to inform the Justice of tho Peace. Yes, he had searched the caves by the coast in company with some others, but the hat was all that was found. William Brown corroborated Gibson's evi dence as to the finding of the hat. James Jardine identified the hat as one that Ferguson had bought at his Bhop sometime ago. Iienry Small, an exuberant witness, who hacl to be kept without the bounds-of rele vance, deposed to being present at the Blue Dolphin during the disturbance ; distinctly re membered Jackson saying that Ferguson would repent of having given the blow ; was surprised at Jackson not there and then taking, the law into -his own hand ; tho men would certainly have sided with him. " I beg your Lordship's pardon, that was just my opinion." He also saw Jackson in the boat at midnight, as he was of Gibson's crew. "I have always thougt " " Stand down. Yes, anything to oblige a gentleman—I was only going to remark. Yes, I'm going." \ Thomas Gilhespie, a boy of twelve, saw Ferguson leave his boat after the fish were weighed and go to the cottage'whereMrs. Jack son lived, and then strike off in the direction of the rocks. Mrs. Waters remembered Jackson passing her window with his hamper going a-nesfcing as he told through the open casement. Later she saw Ferguson take the same route ; was quite sure she saw Jackson coming back, but his hamper was on his near shoulder ; this prevented her seeing his face. She thought him tired, for he dragged his feet along ; did not notice Ferguson return. She could not have failed to have seen him if he had done so, for she was bottling ginger beer in front of her window, and it commanded the road from the rocks. Other witnesses spoke of similar incidents, all going to prove that Jackson's movements and behaviour had been very suspicions. Mrs. Jackson, mother of the prisoner, but now dead hae given evidence at the Magi.s trateVinquiry ; this was now read, and the discrepancies between what sho had said and what her son had told Gibson were pointed out. Tho case grew perceptibly sensational, then tho chief witness, Miss Brewis, was called. Almost inaudibly she deposed that on the day in question she saw Ferguson go past the house towards the Falcon rocks. Shortly afterwards she herself went there in order to speak to him on matters that con cerned themselves only, and whilst on the rocks she saw tho sight that the counsel had fully referred to in his opening speech. She did not then know how it was caused, and was frightened. Did not mention it to any one until Ferguson was missing, the sho told her father. Her story was loo clearly told to admit of any doubt. Cross- examination exposed no inconsistency. Mr. Brewis bore testimony to the truth fulneai of his daughter's description o£ the 'surroundings, and told how he and Dr. Ben. son had been lowered down to the ledge of the rooks, mid hud soon traces of footmarks on the sand, but owillg to its graniilous natlire nothing could be triad i) plainly Out. A part of the County, ObsorVef, with Jackson's name ort it, whs picked up from a crevice; it had Ifeon used as a wrapper for dinner or other food. That was all he could tell. Dr. Benson, a scientist of repute, had come to Sandy Bay in answer to an invitation frOiil his old college chum,. Mr. EvartH. He had published books relating to the laws of light and heat; ho had Made sdcli subjects Ilis life long study. At the vicar's suggestion he had examined the irocky led^e where the alleged murder had tilkon place, and as far as he could jlldge, it was within the mngo of possi bility that the girl, Miss Brewis, had seen a mirage. Snob a thing was of rare occUrronoo in England, but ijuito common in coun tries where the lioat was extreme. It was a very simple illusion, caused by (Ho lower luyor of atmosphere acquiring a higher fcemperatilro than the upper, this through the radidtion of heat from the sandy ground. The differing density of the atmospherio strata bends the rays of light, Thus the yi'oUnd image is uplifted, and projected ill a.woitder ful manner Upon the face,. so to sjleak, of the mid-air. From vrhat ho. knew of the laws of illusions', frotll what he heard of the case in tioint, from his investigations on' the spot, from the great heat of the day, the sandy nature of the ledge, and the absence of any breeze at the time, he had not the slightest hesitancy in saying that what the young lady witness had seen and described was a correct copy of what had happened on the lower platform of rock. Mr Steven, counsel for the defence, tried to shake this ■witness's confidence in two or three instances, but Without success. Mr. Steven could call no witnesses save Mr. Jack soil himself. llpbert Jacksto. her'o fltdo'd up to relate his version of the affair. What a change was in his appeal'ance. Long confinement and the awful charge against him had told heavily. He was shrunken and nervous ; by a mystori ous freak of time ho had lived years whilst other men were living days, Through their sweet summer-tide there had to 68me to him a drear season that ffclsted his hair, and pinched his features, and taken the resonance froni his voice. Quietly and listlessly he went over the incidents of that night and day, then gave his interpretation of his words when Ferguson struck him, his sole meaning of "You'll repent that blow" being, that when passion had subsided he Would be ashamed of himself. All that had transpired on the lro'dky terrace was, Ferguson had sought him there, and they had shaken hands and were talking together, when suddenly Ferguson toppled over the edge of tho cliff. He put out his hands to save him, bufc.tSolild not. "So help me God-, I ilev'er struck him." Fear filled ills niiikl after this occurred, and prSvente'd him from telling anyone. That was all he had to say. He would only reiterate his plea of " Not guilty." Mr. Gruce, addressing tho jury, said that the statements lie made at tho beginning of the enso had been amply vet'ifite'd By the cvi-.i dence of credible Witnesses. The prisoner's own Statement had only contradicts;} ^j10 evidence in one particular. It was for them to decide who was right. Let them take everything into consideration — Jackson's prevarication, his deliberate lie t» iiishlothor, and his suspicions tlbM&MioUr.; Then the counsel expatiated On tile fact that Jackson's stoVy only canie out jiftcr Miss Br'ewis IiiUl told hers, arid lie conteiitad that it was got up .for tile occasion. There was not the shadow of a doubt but that murder had been committed, and that the prisoner before them was the guilty man. Mr. Steven addressed the jury on behalf of the prisoner, and dwelt upon the flimsy character—he might say the Unreitl character —of the evidence placed tfcfoJe them, it was convicting p. mall upon a ghostly testimony ; 116 mail's life was safe from imputation if every dream had to be brought against him. Not a single substantial proof lmd been brought forward to show his client to lilive been in actual contact with tll'e missing man. A more cireuttlstnHtiai case had never come undef his Knowledge. No trace of a body, no sign of a struggle, not even a spot of blood could be shown that would in any way point to a murder having been committed. He spoke eloquently upon Jackson's life-—his kindness, his genial disposition, his care for his mother, his self constraint whei\ F'cl'gu son struck him, arid Yvliat he meant by the words;.11 Yw\i'll repent that blow," indicating that when his aggressor came to his right mind that he would be sorry for what he had done, and the evidence had shown this to be the case, for when Ferguson called at Jack son's house h,e told the old lady that he was going M Make it up with Robert. "What provocation was there, then, for Jackson to act the dastard, and take his friend at a dis advantage 1 Was it not more likely to be, as the young man had said, that while standing together in converse the one had fallen, and the other had tried to save 1 Surely this was a natural way of looking at it; surely it was a reasonable supposition. He was not plead ing for a man who was a lunatic, ana had struck a fatal blow when not responsible for his actions, but for A. iiian ih full possess ions of his faculties, %Ith lull command of all his poVvorH, and when he had pleaded " !Nofc guilty'1 he had spoken the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth. Let them condemn by all means the weakness that led him to con ceal the accident ; but silence Wils not-guilt; any ono of_theiii Wight have behaved the same Wfty. So ! there was doubt in the case. Let them, for heaven's sake, give this man the benefit of it. He would confidently leave the verdict to their sense of justice and to their intelligence. His lordship began to sum upthe evidence, acknowledged the circumstantial nature of it; but the motive—revenge—was so clear that he could not consciently put it to the jury as other than a premeditated assault, with an ending more fatal than expected. TIig jury, without retiring, returned ft veir dict of " Guilty." Jackson then stood up, and the judge asked him if he had anything to say why sentence should not be passed upon him. " Net guiltv, sir." The judge' assumed the black cap and addressed the prisoner, " You atthe bar have been found guilty of a gross outrage upon the sanctity of human life, the charge of a brutal and atrocious murder lias been fully sus tained, and it is now my solemn duty to sen tence you to the extreme penalty that the law provides. You are to be hanged by the neck till dead. I implore you to take full advantage of the time before you to prepare yourself to meet your Maker." Then he re commended his soul to Divine mercy, as if to compensate for the lack of that quality in the men who tried him. Jackson, poor fellow, did not hear the judge's harangue, or, if he did, he paid no attention, as he bent down in the box his face was buried in his hands. The tragedy was virtually over ; what was to fol low was minor detail. The crowd left the court-room with mingled feelings for the prisoner, but all were complacent. Justice had been done. The legal luminaries were laughing aud chatting at the corner of the square as the people swept past. They had acted their parts and satisfied the law, everything was done with due regard to form and precedent. In law, as in physic, religion, and architecture, perfection was reached long ago. No new fact or its exposition dare be sought for ; work up the old in fresh shapes and per mutations ; but thus far and no further. Men follow the motion of the earth,' and it brings them back to the starting-point, to leave oft' whero they began—no nearer to the goal. So it came to pass Robert was tried in the old way, and sentenced to the old-world fate. The days of graco went by impercept ibly in his apathy ; he eared little now what became of him. One of those good men who dispense consolation to the wrotched came daily, hut could make 110 inroad to the young man's inner life ; his ministrations were un heeded. This was the most wilful perversion he had over known. His experience taught him that men about- to die always eagerly accepted salvation, although it might be offered in an earthly vessel. What would become of this young man's soul ? God abovo knew, and the good priest fancied he knew too, and felt sorely troubled, and prayed on unceasingly that Pentecost might descend ; but 110 shower of refreshing fell, so on the day before the execution his faith failed, and he left matters in His hands whose ways are not as our ways. On the afternoon of the same day a bronzed sailor-looking individual came up from the India Docks in London and made his way towards the city. It was his lirst visit to the metropolis ; with his pay in his pocket, he had the intention of doing the London sights. Though he had few of the carcs of the world to trouble liirn, to any one who studied his face there was A sign of sad ness—a clinsteiled expression Hii't belongs to those who h;U u passed through the cleansing Urea: if ho was on pleasure bent it would be for an educational end. A stranger to Lon don streets and by-ways, lie stepped into ,1 small refreshment shop and ordered a cup of tea that lie might inquire how to got to ^ arious places. While waiting for the refresh men tho picked up one of the diiilies lying on the table and glanced over its columns; it was long since he had read all English newspaper. Among tho many items was one brief state ment telling of an execution in Yewdales that would take place next day—one Robert Jackson would bo hanged for tlia murder of Jamea Ferguson. Had an explosion hap pened theman could nothaveboundedupmore quickly, an1 as lie bolted out of the Shop he overturned the girl who was bringing the tea to him. Iter- yells brought a crow'tl about, and seeing this man's form fast disappearing down tho street, thoy raised the shout "Stop thief !" and after, him they went pell mell in full hue and cry. "Who is lie?" "What has ho tlono'i" onlookers rts-.ed, but none could tell ; onward lie. Sped eludiilg out stretched hands ilnd iiotUtinJf tile tflifllc. At Irtst lib jjoi back to the ship, with the ragtag and bobtail of the district at his heels. The captain stared as if he had seen an appar ition, but he was more surprised still when the man took him by the arm and gasped out, "Come 011, come on, to '■he polico station !" Was the man mad 1 A wo.rd or two convinced the "aptain that there was a method in his madness. He he hailed a policeman on tho quay, and he in turn hailed a passing cab, and all three Went to the nearest station. The crowd had it now, the til an was giving himself up, he had com mitted ft murder, they had it pit-put ; he had killed his ,vife and five chiidi;eiii Tho news flashed frbnt mouth to mouth ; consternation was in every face : if thev could have f?nt at the man they would have lynched him. The captain and he were soon closeted with the superintendent of the police, butt-hat function ary could do notliing'oii hisown i'esjJoilsibiiity. they must see rt magistrate: T1W, cab was yet {it the door; the party were conveyed to the lioUse of a near local magistrate, arid there matters were arranged to the satisfac tion of the excited individual. As a result of the interview a messenger was despatched to the Home Secretary, and shortly a fler wards a message was tapped at the Yewdale telegraph room that made the operator won der whether he stood on his head or his lieols. Back lie wired for the words to be repeated. They came again, "Delay exe cution ; wait for further orders." Nothing as was said to the prisoner for feaf of awakening a false hope. But the midnight train brought our excitable friend ahd an oflicirtl fl'olri the department with it. They lost no time in going to the jail; a Warder was soon in attendance, and he ushered them into the presence of the governor, who wns in bed. Half dressed, he accompanied tliem down to Jackson's cell. Worn out by sleep less nights and weary days, Jie ,liad .fallen over completely ,esh«(lsted; t'liudlWd came Back to liini, and in his dream he and his father and mother were riding in ii dogCfitt drawn bj little white pony along the green COUntry lanes, past flower-decked cottages. Sunlight chequored the roadway, falling through the rich foliage of the trees. What a lovely day it was ; hou- ,g!iily ishdy. talked ; arid when they stopped at tlie big park, what romps father and .boy lirtd iii linlrihg the stalls ii'ii'd sliowS of the fair. It was SUOli a happy time; how mother's eyes gleamed with quiet joy as she looked upon her strength and lier pride ; and when all the glories were exploited, there was the tea under the greenwood tree, and all the holiday folks in gay attire walking out in the open. Then the balloon 1'ose like ii great big white pegtop; it Avent Up into tlie rtir and sailed aWay ilitb the night. Insensibly the scene changed—the boy to man, the green wood tree to the lonely cell, but it was open to the sky, and there was the balloon float ing still. It was descending, yes; coming straight doWil, right into his narrow four square room: it had come to take in a pas senger, to set him free. He shook off his lethargy and caught the car, and then shouted out " All right." He awoke; it was no aerial car he held, but the grating of his cell door. Who was there now ? Surely ifc was not morning. Why could they not let him rest 1 His hours wcre.very few; 1)6 Wished foi: no thing . btit fi'eodoiri or solitude. The key turned and the bolt was drawn, and there before his eyes was Ferguson. Was this another dream only more real like ? It was the governor who speke. " Jackson you are a free man, and he took him warmly by the hand and away from the horrid place. He wanted them both to stay with him for the night, but tho two men wished to be without the prison walls; it would make the deliverance more sure. They wanted no sleep that night, no, they would go to Sandy Bay and astonish tho natives. Like two rollicking boys, they shouted, and laughed, and sang, and when they had calmed down Ferguson told how he had escaped a watery grave. " You remember when I oame to see you on tlie Falcon Cliffs that I had come straight from the boat. Well, you know I cannot swim, and I always wear that cork dust belt of mine when at sea. I did not stay to take it off that day, for I was anxious to meet you where no one would see my humiliation. It was not fair to you, I own, but that was my motive. When standing talking I must have had a kind of sun-stroke that caused me to totter and fall. At any rate I remembered nothing till I found myself on hoard ship re covering from a severe attack of brain fever. I had been picked up in an unconscious con dition, and nursed back to life. The ship was outward bound; and when I got suffi ciently well I would not hear of being put ashore, never dreaming of your danger. I thought Lizzie did not care for me any longer so I jcined the crew and went with the ship to its destination. It only returned yester day, lickily in time to save your life and me from a life-sorrow.". As they talked they drew nigh to bandy Bay. The village lay sleeping in the mystic light of the moon; the song of the sea crept up over the rocks and through the trees, a song whose echoes never die away. The young men were subdued as they went down the winding road in among the houses. They passed Jackson's old home, now deserted; and now they were come to the cottage where BrewiB lived. They walked softly, for some one was singing, late though it was. There, up through the treebranchesat the open window they saw a white face looking out on the delicious beauty of the night. " Rest in the Lord, wait patiently before Him, and Ho will give the thy heart's desires." The song told of no earthly desires ; the singer's heart was aching for the . homo land, the land of freedom from pain and sorrow. When the rippling sound ceased, Ferguson whispered, '' Lizzie, Lizzie !" The girl started, and the two men stepped back into tlio light. In a frightened voice she asked what they wanted. ' "Don't you know me ?" said Jackson. With a little cry tho girl hurried to the door, only to be caught in the arms of Ferguson. The noise of the greeting aroused Brewis (who was not at sea that night). His face was a study when he saw his daughter in the embrace of a stranger, and Jackson at hand. All was soon explained however. Ferguson poured out his story of love and adventure to Lizzie, while Robert informed tho old man of the wonderful turn tho wheel of for tune had taken. Before' everything was explained, it was about three in the morning. Notwithstand ing tho two young fellows went and knocked up mine host of the Blue Dolphin, and nearly frightened him out of his wits when ho pop ped his night-capped head out of his window. Ho thought that they wero ghosts; lie was soon undeceived. What a morning it was to be sure! When the news got abroad, everybody exclaimed, of course, " I always knew that Robert wasn't, guilty." Secretly the women were a trille disappointed; the sex hate to turn out false prophets. Some one had said, "The women-folk will bo tho last tor bo civilised." And it is quite true. The remnant of savage instinct left to them made them think it a pity that the course of ovents had been thwarted. However, a quiet little wedding a short time afterwards helped to restore their equanimity. Tho halter got a victim after all; but its efl'ects were different; it brushed away the gloom and the sun shone out again. Jackson, however, will never forget his ter rible experiences Under the Shadow. Strength op the Mole.—" Naturalist," writing to " Rod and Gun," says:—"A mo!e catoher, who was well known to us, put a mole'fi strength to the test, in tho presence of several people. The animal was attached by its tail to a toy cart. Although its weight ■was only 2 J ouncqs, it drew lClbs,' 