TASMANIAN NEWS. HOBART, FEBRUARY 15. A deputation of timber merchants and sawmill proprietors waited on the Minister of Lands to-day, and drew attention to an article in a late issue of the Argus in reference to sleepers and tim- ber required for the Egyptian railways. They desired to ascertain particulars as to the size and quantity, where to be delivered, and time for delivery. The Minister of Lands promised to com- municate with the Premier and request him to cable Mr Braddon, the Agent- General, for the information required. The poll for the municipal election was declared to-day as follows:— Howard, 1010; Johnson, 852; Amott, 527V 105 informal votes were re corded. Mr Howard, who was declared elected, thanked the ratepayers for the honor they had done him, and Mr Johnson'also returned thanks. ? [ The sanitary contractors are again in trouble ' at Glenorchy, and jwill make, their appearance at the Court there oh a' charge of depositing nightsoil in the Hinfrinf.. , ; The body of a young woman named Julia King, employed as a servant by Mr G., Crisp, was found last evening in the watermen's dock by two seamen from H.M.S. Swinger. She had left Mr, Crisp's during the afternoon, and purchased some goods, which were sent h'ome, but her employers heard nothing more of her until her body was found in the water. ? Dr. Elliott, of Franklin, who broke his leg near Geeveston some time back, .was, brought up to the hospital last evening. ? A lad named. Carrick, in trying to get on the step, of a 'bus, fell with great force, and -sustained concussion of thejbrain. , t \ ' , .:- ?'.'-. ; The Glenorchy Council are much exercised in' their minds as , .to .whether they shall retain control of ,.tlie police ;or not. Councillor Ball brought 'for, - ward^a. scheme for reducing the num ber of constables in order to make two ends meet. Councillor Cook objected, as the. men were required, and favored handing the control over to the Gtb yernment, and then the question arose as to whether or not this would lead to the Council collapsing altogether. It was finally decided to . obtain counsel's opinion as to their position before taking any decided action. ' ~ Major Dane lectures in 'Launceston' on the 22nd inst. FSBBUABY 16. An inquest was held ...to-day on the body of Julia King, who was found drowned in the river on Thursday. The evidence went , to show, that deceased was 23 years, of age, and on the afternoon of .her, death was in her. usual spirits, and went out to make some purchases for her mistress, Mrs George Crisp, but never returned home. She was last seen about 5 o'clock, but nothing further could be traced of her movements ? up . . to the time her body was found in the watermen's dock by two seamen from H.M.S. Swinger. The medical. evidence was to the effect that the body iwas in the water about 20 minutes before being discovered, and also that deceased was enciente. There was no evidence to prove how she got into: the water, and an open verdict was returned. Her parents live at St. Mary's, and rumor states that her condition preyed on the unfor tunate gill's mind. The Court-house. in Macquarie-street seems to be haunted, not by a ghost, but by a most unbearable odor, which seems to rise periodically, to the great inconvenience of their Honors the Judges. The Minister of Lands has been applied to, but , cannot . solve the problem. To-day it became so bad that Mr Justice Dodds said if it was not remedied he would adjourn the Court. Mr Justice Dodds has made an order directing the curator of intestate estates to administer to the real and personal estate of Patrick Glenning, late of Nugent, near Sorell, farmer. The Solicitor-General, in the Supreme Court to- day/ referred to the death of 'Mr J.A. Jackson, paying , a high tri-. bute to his professional abilities, and expressing the sympathy of ? themem bers of the bar with1 his bereaved family. . His Honor, Mr, Justice Dodd^ also' expressed .regret \ at the /untimely end of one who ha'd ; held a high 'social position among .professional men, and joined, in Jthe expressions of sympathy .tendered..' '... ... ,. . .: . 4Dhe following tenders have-been accepted :— Repairs to' State '? school,; buildings, Campbell Town,- J. Jenkinsj £25 10s ; repairs to' Wattle Grove school, Arthur Blackmore,i£ 37 15s. At the request of a number of resi dents of New Norfolk the Minister of Landsjhas'approved of trains on the Der went line, taking up and putting down passengers at the signal stations below the Derbyshire Rocks, and the general manager has been instructed to proceed with the erection of the necessary plat form. The finance committee of the hospital are complaining of the high cost of provisioning the hospitial, and contend that tenders should be submitted to them before acceptance. The item of butter is quoted at Is 7d this year, as against Is Id last year, and it was stated that the Launceston hospital was provisioned at a much cheaper rate per head. The Marine Board have granted the Corporation permission to erect a sanitary jetty, subject to the usual reservations. Mr Riddle, the harbor master, has tabled his report of inspection of the various lighthouses, and it disproves Captain Miles' statement, that Mr. Meech has instituted a system of ter- rorism. Captain Miles has also tabled a report; but it is so lengthy that a fort- night has been granted to enable the wardens to master it. ; The members of the hospital staff have been in the habit of taking leave 'a la Francaise, and the board have issued: instructions that in future they must receive permission from the chair man or, members before absenting them selves. Dr. Bright says the' leave granted insome cases is extravagant. Mr'Saville Kent has concluded his engagement with the Tasmanian Government, and left ? for Brisbane, where he will moke an investigation of the pearl fisheries for the Queensland Government with a View of their further development in the future. A meeting was held in the 'Exchange Rooms lost evening, having for its object the formation of a company to carry on the business of J.. Cook and Co., tanners, Glenorchy; ;Mr. ;Oook addressed the meeting, and. gave a resume of the affairs of the firm,: stating that it was not from lack of . capital, but from a desire' to extend, operations, that the proposal was made to turn the affair into a company,, aid also, to, work it under- the.: co-operative' sysfJem by making those who did business with, them participate in the f profits. There were 12,000 sharesto allot out of iv.total of 20,000; at £1 each, and the number was more than taken , up in. the ? room without the' public being appealed to. Messrs. W. Blay(l J. Cook, F. W. Piesse^and W. ? Stevenson. if were' ap pointed a committee; and .: E. Jacobs secretary protein. -,...?? . . Febbuaby 18.. Probates (have been granted from James Fletcher to Robert M'Oullogh,; ?,£152; Catherine Webber to John Bell and Henry: Butler . Dbwie,1 £167 .; and letters of administration' from Daniel Do whie to Catherine Dowhie, £196. James Hagel, an employe of the sanitary contractors,' was oh Saturday, thrown' from the cart -he was driving on to the road, and concussion of the brain was the result. The accident, was caused by the axle breaking. He was admitted to the hospital. . Frank' Richardson, of Kellevie, was bitten on the finger .by a snake while cutting peas on his father's farm. The. bitten piece was immediately cut out and Underwood's antidote applied, and although it took some time to bring him round, he was .out of danger the next day. ' . There is some talk of a Macquarie Harbor crew competing at the Bellerive Regatta. The sanitarv Question was aeain the subject of a deputation to the Mayor to-day, when a; number of influential residents from Battery Point waited on the Mayor and protested against ground being purchased in that locality for a depot for nightsoil. The Mayor, in replying, said that sanitary matters were becoming a nightmare to. himself and the Council, but they had been ad vised to inake the depot there. If, how ever, the Government would assist the Corporation to solve the problem he might state they would . not proceed any further in the matter. The Attorney- General promised to do all. in his power to assist them, and the deputation withdrew. Alderman Howard was introduced by Alderman Reynolds, , and took his seat at the Council table to-day. Alder man Strickland's motion for admitting the Press to all committee meetings was lost, .but Alderman- Reynold's motion for admitting them, to all' com- mittees of the whole Council was car ried unanimously. ? ? : : '?„ Febbttaby 19. i' Colonel Legge presented 'the presi dent's cup, won :at the .late intercolonial contest;to thewinner/Sergeant Stuart, last evehing,(exp'res3ing;plea3ure ' at it being-kept in the South. : The subscriptions to the Howard Haywood Fund are coming iu veJ: satisfactorily. ™ . The Chief Justice made an order to day, directing the Curator of Intestate Estates to administer the personal estate of Ah Can, late of Burnie gar ^f'-f^r the reftl and Personal estato of F,' M'Intosh, farmer, Native Tier Hamilton.. ' The chief assessor met a numbar of appellants in the assessment cases to day, and in a majority of cases a com promise was arrived at. One or two however,, will come before the judge on Thursday.' _ I understand that about 5000 shares in the new Opera House Company have been applied for. The whaling barque Sapphire has been sold by Messrs. G. Salier and Co. to' Messrs. R. Kennedy and Sons, of the Derwent Foundry. . Fbbkuaby 20. At the Council, of Education to-day arrangements were entered upon for the appointment of examiners at the forthcoming. Associate of Arts Degree and Scholarship Examinations. A com mittee was appointed to.prepare a draft scheme for the Council's examination in ,1890. The Cascade Brewery Company has ?presented the Hobart Rifle' Club with acheque for £20, which is to bo com peted for at the range next Saturday. ? At a meeting, largely and infliientially attended, it was decided to start a home for fallen women as soon as sufficient funds were collected. Mrs Crouch, of Collins-street, has been ap pointed secretary, and a committee have been appointed ? to do the pre liminary work. ? i At the Police Court to-day Rachel Thompson made her 58th appearance,, charged with disturbing the peace, and was fined two guineas, in default two months' imprisonment. Two defen dants were fined at the Police Court for a breach of the Slaughterhouse Act, , and several transgressors against the Oodlin Moth Act were also fined. The residents of Mangana, having petitioned the Postmaster-General for increased postal facilities, the latter is ?enquiring into the matter. Mr E. A. Counsel has been ap pointed Deputy Surveyor-General. Mr Leventhorpe Hall has been ap pointed chief draughtsman in succes sion; to Mr. Albert Reid, who has been promoted to the office of DeputyCom missioner. '. The Treasurer will in ? a few days issue- a 'oirciilar to' the wardens of municipalities who have hitherto re ceived a., grant: in aid for police pur poses, announcing that it is the inten tion of Ministers to submit for the consideration of ? Parliament the vote of money for the purpose of recouping to the municipal bodies the cost of main tenance' of their: police, in excess of the product of the ninepenny rate until September 30 next, wherever a good claim in equity can be established, and after due regard to rigid economy has been exercised. . During the past two days the city assessor has been busy settling the ap peal cases. Having satisfactorily con cluded 150 cases, 40 more, in which the parties interested could not come to terms, will have to go before the Court. : OATLANDS, Febhuaby 15. ^.The body of a young man named John Barwick, who was engaged trap ping at Glen Morey, was brought to ? his mother's house at 4: p.m. to-day by the police. It appears hewentouton Saturday to get a hare to bring home in the evening, and not turning up on Monday as usual, fears were excited,, and to-day the ' police were communi cated with and a party organised. The poor fellow was found shot through the right temple. This is another instance of the' lamentable want of care, and showing that good sportsmen are at times apt to forget the rule regarding the muzzle of a gun. Deceased was a stepson of Thomas Hogan, a most estimable man,at present away on the West- Coast, and the sympathy for him is widespread. He leaves a wife and two young children. -An inquest will be held to-morrow. CAMPBELL TOWN, Febbuaby 1G. Sixty-seven members of our Eine Corps are now armed with the Martini Henry* rifle. The first squad for class firing shot the first round to-day, tho average being 55 . The . test to become a marksman this year is a severe one. .'WefurniBh the following ? directions for spraying plants .—' To mix London purpio for use in spraying plants, about two or three spoonfuls ofthe fine powder are put into three or four spoonfuls of hot water, m a tin can ; and the purple is mingled wtn the water until the mass; becomes about tne consistence of thick gruel. . It is almost impossible to mingle the fine powder witn a large quantity of cold water. About a spoonful of the mixture is then put in » bucket half full of cold or warm water, ana fstirred thoroughly. The- water needs only enough to, color It a trifle. The solution mustbe, exceedingly weak; or it will *ui the' leaves, '.....'?'?.'...'', r 1The^omaV8;;8ide.-^H6bb;s-7'-'WTiat j-.ao yott'thWahout'it; my dear; do you thins marriage a- failure?' -' Mrs..Hobbs-' No, i , don't ; out I think men are. ? . 