THEATRICAL GOSSIP. —Theatre Royal. " Tlie Pointsman." —Princess' Theatre, "Dorothy." — Opera House. "Fonchon." —Alexandra Theatre. "Madam Midas,' —Victoria Hall. Clark's "European Celebrities." —St George's Hall. Harry Richards' Company. —Waxworks. " Jo-Jo.'' —Lynch Family BellriDgers. Suburbs. —Garnet Walch is knocking together something new for Harry Rickards. —News to hand from the Payne Family of Musicians state that tbev are meeting with much favour iu Christchurch, New Zealand. —" Tecalo," a Mexican drama in blank verse, has been put up at Terry's Theatre, the c«st including our old Australian favourite, Miss Jennie Watt Tanner. —London ymppivs to hand speak very highly aneut Phil Beck's "Gaslou Vandeloupe,''and in short make wholesale extracs from the Sydney press re " Madam Midus.' —Parngraphs from private letters appear in the London papers announcing tha dissolution of partnership IMM "ween Rignohl and Allison, and the sale of the runner's interest by the latter as mortgagee. —Jennie "Jo" Lee liaR returned to Marvellous Melbourne and will open up at the Princess' Theatre, Melbourne, on Saturday, 6th July. Extensive preparations are being made for a " Jo " revival which promises to knock everything elBe kite-high. —Jo-Jo finishes up hie present season at the Waxworks this week. This is rendered necessary owing to the present proprietors disposing of the business. Mr. Jo-Jo will be immediately put on tour under the fond and tender care of George Lee. who ip to officiate as manager to his dogship—Ballarat, Sandhurst, etc,, and then overland to Sydney. —The Waxworks has been alive with visitors during the week, Jo-Jo, of course, coming in for no small share of patronage. In his lateBt illusion, Mythia, the floating head, Professor Tregaski Fcores heavily. Everything this gentleman does is good, but this eclipses a)] previous efforts. The suspension aofr&iid; other equally mysterious acts pan out a'good shilling's worth. It's-a, pit.y we do not see more of Tregaski and bis remarkably clever performances. —The Silhou troupo, which recently scored such a great success in the Opera HOUSP, has been reinforced by the Stirk troupe, just arrived from America, and the performances of the combined companies are at present attracting crowded audiences in the Exhibition Buildiug Svfloey. This complete organisitioa wu, the Opera House earl» next month nrdp/.L open nt ment of Messrs Hiscocksand MacMahon a &nag; e, —Time—that is, the only Maccabe- 0ii K„. was presented with a handsome travelling i" a y last magnificent floral wreath. Mr. Fiank j!;! :loek atidg " Pointsman " Co.) made the presentation mfPV 0 ' Renumber of other brother and sister Ww • a,f course it's a bit suggestive handiog anvhodv 0 ? 1 ' 8, thou it wasn't meant in that way von u.m™ iL^.init = o one suitably returned thanks. w - The only —Truth, of New York, is responsible for th t < It is now stated that on Monday ninlir »r ''J^'ngrusbed to the footlights iu Philndelnbia hi.i^ Be1 W ingbn end, aDd his eyes wildly rollinc ' AU -'Stanfl. down a sob, he said, with ft husky voice ' M r » ^"fi have the saddest duty of my life to pp.rform i? lenas . I indescribable emotion that I have to iuform ™ ls , wit h you will keep your s^ats and behave ealmlv tV ,,ra ' 6to inform vi" that that which we all ftared none of usenn escape,haseetin. Mrs. Potter T w '' ictl the name with feelings that you will. I trusti Denti ° 11 —has taken to her dressingroom with ft bea'rt^S 618^" 4 six physicions are in afttendanca at this monWu ," et requented_to break tlie ead news to you as j &rn; possible. Full particulars will be published in tv, r ing paperB. I can only say in the presence dt c ~ wfal event that the hearts of the American nL, i generous gauojuun to a a, fault, ta.u.«„ will mm CKUU send thtir LQtir S\UU>fi.tHv Bvmiioti,!, : et , fr stricken one, and join with me in the ini xDrppsi'V 6 ness that such a national calamity produces 1 -Miss Nelly Strickland (at present playihe TOi„, „ Kitty Putnam combination) is the daughter nft ,«V be E.F. Strickland, the pastor of the firflt JUi^at r ^ u' Des Moines. Iowa, American Miss Nelly made h«i appearance on the stage in 1881 wiita one nf ».- 8t Putnam's companies, playing prominent charaotBi.« upwards of twelve months. After this she EUCS,,^ toured with numerous companies throuehnnf States, and, in additiou, created all the leadine witli W. J. Scanlon, one of America's best Miss Strickland « possessed of a cultivated vS- S the American papers speak higblv of her perfornwnX! in light opera and burlesque. Papa Stricklaud 2 thirty odd years ago, was a prominent and suciS actor-in this part of the globe, and played a round leading parts on Ballarat. Old identities BHPOT glowing terms of Mr. E. F. Strickland, who hae nowlV stated above) cast aside the sock and buskin anfl t«V„ 5 u WKen to the pulpit. —the Sydney Criterion basks. .The sunshine of m™ perity lies down heavily upon it and rheumatism ^ ague quit the old joints. Brough and Boucicault tmn, out " Money." Who has not seen the old dramaV Wh™ Lytton wrote it half a-ctntury ago its characters»« old. They were in Egypt before thev were in England Lytton merely modernised. That's why Sydney people are so agog to see the gracious Lady Frnnklin and the delicate Clara Douglas. Under other names thesB were • in Egypt. And so was Dudley Smooth, the card- Bharner and the brilliant Alfred Evelyn. It was specially to 6ea Alfred that a number of: couuoisscuts put on new cuffs and white shirt fronts. Percy Lyndal, a new arrival in Australia, ecBiyed that eloquent part. Big men sent ' their ghosts down to look at hith Macready and otlien were there iu spirit. It is a tradition that Macreifiv thought it a more difficult performance than '•Hamlet,': Percy was not daunted. He is a big fellow phveiDalir withe lot of ''go'^nd nothing " gone" about hini.aadS it is safe to say that flacready's and the other gliosta realised that all actors are not dead. The' cuff* of the connoisseurs grew limp, so vehement was the hand- ' clapping, and the bosoms of their shirts broke away: from the calico •' bodies," BO enthusiastically did their - lungs swell. If Percy keeps on there will be a boom in, glazed linen. —A benefit at Footscray, "For his efforts in providing healthy 'amusement in Footscray'* {VUIB programme)^ Jamrs II. Walsh was tendered a grand complimentary "testimonial" (notplain benefit) the othertwecing. It! was a high-toned affair, even though His Excellency the Governor dil not put in an appearance. Perhaps he wasn't invited, or yos6iblyhe thought that Jimmy might want him to go on aud do a turn in one of his own sou^e. Anyhow, he didn't grace the building with his presence.. Mr. Member of Parliament Clark presided, and as if tn, still further enhance matters several metropolitan pressmen honoured the proceedings with their distin-.. guished patronage. Duriug the week it waR biuret! that there would lie a liquor spread at the Walsh Suiter, j Now, this is -'healthy amusement" from a pressman11 point of view. We do not moan tn say that the scribblers knew anything trf this; still, for all that, itwasa ; strange coincidence, and we are iu a position tn state that the pressmen aforesaid reached the local Temple j of Thespis long, long before the opening of the sliw.J All the local artists, known and unknown, and a nuralfa i of. professional friends .swarmed around "tlie reflnpS j minstrel comedian" to contribute their little bit fcowanjs the enjoyment. The healthy amusement conBistetjnfii 2 first part and other things. The former—listen to this, ] ye gods! comprise? o'o less than ten selectedballa^sil!| alleged Christy minfctrel witticisms and several coniiej Bongs more, or less, k local piano-wrecker did mtifh f towards the two hours' trouble and torture. Speculation 1 was rife as to the probabilities of the first part fitiisuiogi iu time to catch the last train from Foatscrav, mortM especially as they began to " hup with curtin '* with tliel punctuality for which the local trains are proverbial- j to put it mildly, "a little late.' Horace Bent in rnrtM cular was sorely distressed^ and he roamed lamenting behind the scenes, for quoth Horace, IM wouldn't matter so much, you kuow,only that even mn | we get to Melbourne, we maymisstbe last Nortliuriion, tram." George Gardner, too, had to get hapkto ne, Victoria Hall, while one individual shrieked, JltefWj last train ! Pshaw 1 Im resigned, I don't rare Hi stay a week, that iB provided I get out of MMcray alive at the end of that,time. A E * bashful-looking young man, who wrote a local ™s for Walsh, wisely made his escape ever toe wm fence while tbe audience were not looking, «n« has since taken to his bed. MMiou and Be also put in an appearance and had th(! » sorrow, being compelled to do their tarn vnt outmi music. Four cornermen took part and they appeareaF know what they had to do ju t about as raucli^ gentleman who floundered about bolpleBsy in , centrenian's chair. On one occasion two of tMCWR - men started to tell their gags at the same WM^ puzzled and bewildered audience looking on * cf.r./linn it lilro t.Ua nVfWArhifd laillb. A 10C 0I1'™1 V standing it like the proverbial lamb. A lot oiff^- •who didn't appear were down on the » » " people who did appear were not down on tlieID«"• » tsndi body took his turu on the stage when he conia gfl a _ lit lot who couldn't get i* it Hirin'r, didn't take it. - . M„| to this, ye gods! There were no less in ' "ballads ' in the first part. WbeiiRh ! An« ,. ]R| you, not including the encores. Aforesaid Jienu some specialities as though he were on piece" what more cau be expected from a mani wuu f(Jf| catching of a last train from Footscray aun •^<• fflore| North Carlton iu his mind's eye, Hnraao / c wbo| rapid work was turned out b : the Swift; w * ^ &nd;| ere long promise to develop into ful1 "®„ff" r B r«cit»f dance men. Jack F<8rheringham was down wr » tion, but, like that, man who wrote the ».h-^j nn missing. •' The Young Australian Prion f ° h n\ Da HIS to put in an appearance, and Harry £ gomeiioaj| " character impersonations " didn t showiiy. i^sl elBe, who was down for an Irish recitauou, ^ missed the first train and failed to eaten auy AdB0^| he did not respond to tbe roll call. ctedit W name adorned the programme, ana, w " jje w\ it said, he did turn up. This is «» „„ » r do though, for though billed .for a doubie ^ dance with Jimmy Walsh," owing to the e«r „j of the bill" or some other euthcient r ® s ™; acreaPJ was omitted. Mrs. Horace Bent dia s\m,_ 1,i„„nMrei very favourable impression indeed. th °J".f„J [i ed ovef ti !?| following. A1 ot of other people werei spn«» alDinajffl bill of fare. ' The right to alter ^^lineffO"! necessary is reserved by the committee- lsej {INM up the programme and the oommittffli« in gMtf right pretty freely, we guess.. Howevei", tne -that of providing a silver lining to tliejP^ siUsM R.—was attained, and everybody api'»» b0 ev flDit^ The interval was one of the toeBt thmca w ^ffl^ aud would have been better still had e ?j, bera ff»s brought his boxing-gloves with 'j'" 1 ' ooint^ P re » 9 . e, spread, and several sad, dejected, made the best of their weary way TO DA.BK.KN Gkbkv HAIR.—Lookyer^SolP har p^e is the quickest, best, Enfest, ana 1B. fid Everywhere. THEATRICAL GOSSIP. (Continued Jrom page J^IO.) —The Lynch Family Bellringers commenced their Melbourne season on Tuesday. -It may not be generally known that Miss Nellie Strickland adds to her other accomplishments that of the muse. In America she is well-known as a poetesB. —Mr. H. P. Lyons, manager for Mr. Geo. C. Miln, leaves for Tasmania per J'ateena, to make the necessary arrangements for the opening of the great tragedian in the two cities of the tight little island. —It will be remembered that tbe Silbon Company some time ago applied for leave to give their celebrated aerial performances in the Exhibition Building. Nothing came of the application at the time, but we leatn now that the coveted permission has been granted and in a short time we may expect to see them " in full BWing." The Co. has recently been strengthened by the addition of tbe Stirk Family, late arrivals from America. —Miss Clara Mereville, prima donna, and Miss Helen Ivinnaird, contralto, are now on their way out to the colonies to strengthen the triumvirate's opera troupe. —TheRoscians.headed by Mr. Duggan, are again out for sweet charity's sake, tbis time at the Princess' Theatre, Messrs. Williamson, Garner and Musgrove having generously placed the theatre at tbeir disposal. "Shylock" is to be the attraction, and several of the la dies from tbe Theatre Royal will assist. —Mr. Walter Price, one of the agents for Silbon-Stirks' Great Combination arrived in town yesterday. The company finish tbeir Sydney season on 6 th July. They play overland to Melbourne, appearing in Goulbourn 8th and 9tb July ; Albary, 10th and 11th, and open at the Opera House on the 13th, &&., &c.; —The Lynch Family Bellringers appear every Saturday evening at tbe Athenaeum Hall, and during the previous portion of the week in the various suburbs, Tbe new members of the company comprise Mr. Clarence Fraser, the well-known tenor ; Mr. Percv Brown, baritone; Mr. Gus. W. Lynn, humourist; Professor Carl Riedle and Mr. Harry Bitter. —The troubles of the blooming Rose continue to be the talk of the place. The little Lieutenant had no less than one hundred and twenty-five hunting levers cooped up in his bedroom when tbe midnight marauders entered to slow, very slow music (for were they not " taking time ?') The Hunting Levers, like the burglara (the hunting leavers), vanished, and the blooming one interviewed the police and poured forth his tale of trouble to the D's, and the works of about half the tickers have been recovered, but Rosey, like Lord Ullen, is left lamenting. —Wirths' Circus are about to do the train route to Sydney and Brisbane. This over, they proceed to New Zealand, where they will visit all the big centres. Amongst the latest additions to the show is Gus St.Leon, who has been specially engaged. Alexander has also completed all the necessary arrangements for throwing a little light on affairs, and a feature of the coming exhibitions will be Ibe electric light. Provided expectations are realised in Maoriland, the Wirth people intend packing their portmanteaus and taking over a real live Australian circus to " Merrie England." —Arthur C. C. Liardet (the Frank Stewart of the Ada Ward Alexandra season) has broken out afresh, thiB time at one of our favourite watering-places, where be has taken the Dromana Hotel. In the catering line tbis gentleman has been particularly successful,.ashe holds a inedal from the Calcutta Exhibition, in addition to a host of testimonials from Messrs. Bosisto, Woods, Joubert, &c.; Arthur's father claims to be the fo under of Sandridge, so long known as Liardet's Beach. It is to be hoped that the Hotel de Dromana will turn out more profitable than Frank's late theatrical speculations. —The Taylor-Carrington Co. write us from Avoca, 23rd June, 1889 —" Dear PUNCH,—I hope you are having better leather in town than we are are having in the country. Wherever you go it's nothing but rain and floods. Spite of all, though, our business keeps payable—nothing like what it usually is, of course, but still * payable.' By Jove, thiB part of the country has had a great doing lately with ' showsthey've had no less than five in Maryboro'within the last six months. We saw Hodson going through Maryboro' yesterday to get ready for Miln'e opening in Ballarat. He told us that Miln did a splendid week at Sandhurst. We play Castlemaine and Echuca next week, with Inglewood and Charlton to follow.—With best wishes, I remain yours, &c.;" —The illusion " Thauma " as produced at the Waxworks is a bit of novelty. True, we have had other Thaumas, but none like the present one. This young lady, who has no visible means of support (but for all that is not run in by tbe merry men of Pewtress), is exhibited in a window, which is closed in on all sides, excepting, of course, that fronting tbe street. Now the police have instructions to enforce the "move on" clause, while the Exhibition is on view, tbe result being tint loiterers are unable to obtain a glimpse of Miss Thauma, while, by parting up their etoilling and entering, they settle the business in one act, for once inside they cannot see the illusion at all. Thauma, by-tbe- way, leaves bears a very striking resemblance to one of Clark's " Silk Stocking " Swinging Beauties. —This is not bad by any means, especially when it is borne m mind that the " Crimes of Paris " has been some time advertised for representation on Saturday next.- Being responsible for the dramatic version of the novel, M«4am Midas,' I feel it due to myself to add a few words to Mr. Dampier's disclaimer of yesterday. So far as I personally am aware, there is no character in the book or play intended to represent any individual at present in Melbourne. Certainly Mr. Hume never suggested such a thing to me, nor did I know until quite recently of the existence of the gentleman who feels himself aggrieved. I therefore consider it my duty to spontaneously state that I had not, nor could I have any desire to cause him injury or pain; and further, I have decided, m order to prevent any further misapprehension not to play the drama in its present form after Friday next—PHILIP BECK." There, Bravo Phil. —Miss Genevieve Ward and Mr. W. H, Vernon continue doing good work in London with " Forget-me-not." The piece appears to have lost none of its fascination. A Home paper says that " time has dealt kindly with MIBB Ward since she first appeared in the role of that Bhe-aevil, the Marquise de Mohrivart. Bince that time 27, she has created a profound^T^^ Antipodean brethren by her stnf^ion ^ delicate elaboration of the char, "J eve of the termination of ,2?* author, she favours London witb n^^ttenuf power in the part which mYeZ? Uolh *tg)2Z on the metropolitan 8tft Ce ?L a powerful is the acting of Mr. VprmL 38 &S; a masterly conception, brill handled in that firm yet artist 7 always made Mr. Vernon's actfnL w p me. It is really worth a visit to the Op°eJ l a >- —" The Crimes of Paris " win i, a . day next at tbe Alexandra Theatre ^^as and Mr. Alfred Dam pier will talM ^chfc' The tone of the play throughX tional, murder and crime rut)niQ n ii„S, nJ piece. Tbe plot throughout R "?^ though evolved with toUble dearnS* ^ obliged to leave hiB homo and wif B S viously to so doing has deposited wi^ Pierre Belporta sum of 40000^™ * 6 his wife and child; also, Ze of --°- rtbei wrecked, saved by pirates, who Martel shares in their fate-trM?.^^' reported as dead. Belport retai^u^0* turns tbe wife and child out in tbe Btr««? the verge of starvation, and to t ^ believing her husband to be dead Z,! 00 Nicole, who passes under tbe namn 'J« ViBtnon Vismes, « and Irnnnrr, known amongst o i. hi , V Ume 8 com„5 tllfi 6V: Y" Demon." He is the head of a ba n d & t « tbieveB, and the chief incidents of /],„ ^ fforts of the detective, Pepin Cardelinfl 1 '! 8 and md to recover the uvrmfivtw property left 7,',° bvift," cra «lu The scenes between the detective t>cope for some splendid action, and th/wl^ kniveB and the tragic death of The Dom^r of the woman he has betrayed ireC',! tion. The scenery, they say, wiU bt Mr. Alta's best efforts, and the picture ft front of the Cathedral of Notre D«?e i ^ 18 itself. 