The Mystery in Berkeley Square To this day It remain* a mystery ,and it will probably ever remain so. There ife nb qbestion of delusion; no one could Ok- can deny it. The facts are facts, plain and unvarnished ; and as they were told to the writer by a friend—if he were not a relative of the parlies—the; shall be repeated. As there ib no use in alarming people, we shall not mention the'nurriber of the - house. It is, however, on the west- side of Berkeley Square, London, W„ and we repeat that tbe tale is absolutely true. Tbe house, which we visited, was at that tfmie apparently untenanted. It was "certainly in a bad state of repair, and at certainly not to be let. No tenant <waa desirous to inhabit it j for, though a caretaker and hit: wife lived in the basement, they would not enter the' haunted room ; and the mansion had remained empty and desolate in the whirl of Mayfair. Theae were the conditions when a family from the country CBtne, and, despite the exterior appearance of the house, were certainly pleased with its interior arrangements. The house suited all parties, and it was painted and renovated sufficiently to satisfy the tenants lor the season. The trades people were all on the tiptoe of expec tation, for no one had ever lived in the house for four consecutive weeks. Bent had been sorrendcd, and a hurried departure had again caused the advent of the caretakers. ' It wai their ' doing,' was the whispered com- > meni. ' These people say the house is haunted, and so they have house room.' But they never dissuaded a tenant. Many tenants came and went; sounds were heard, and something un canny was in possession, for no one re mained. The family whocameinto temporary possession of the uauuion bad no idea of its history, and it is at this period— in the year 1871—that the writer's acquaintance with the house began. The new tenants took possession, and were handed over all the beys/There were occupants for all the bedrooms, and one upper apartment wa« allotted to the housemaid. It was a nicely furnished room at the back of the house;small but, except for-a peculiar atmosphere, very comfortable. ' No one had hitherto slept in that room,' I they said, 'and it was rather dump.' So a fire was lighted and the bed made ready for its new occupant. The girl • came is in good time,and went upstftiri to bed. Everything was in readiness for her, and the ladies'maid, who had. indicated the apartment, had (either Ere<she had got into bed, a. piercing shriek aroused 'the household; then a heavy -fell in the housemaid's; room .causedthem to hasten upstairs; What could be the matter ? Mistress and servants rushed up together; master followed. The room was broken open, and a terrriblesiflht met theguzeofthe intruders. Thepoorgirl,partlydressed, was lying insensible on the floor.in a dead faint. She was -laid on the bed and remedies -were applied as soon as possible.: The convulsive movements of her limbfj were succeeded by violent ravings, and it required, two men .to hold her, so terrible -were her struggles. Her appearance was that of a maniac, and. .when, with the assistance of e'doctor, she had- been calmed, it was perceived, with un utte ruble terror, that the poor girl was 'raving mad.' She was quite' ex hausted for a while, but the paroxysms again began. She was removed as soon as possible and after a while a lucid interval intervened. To a- ques tion addressed to her, she only replied, with terrified jnein and nameless hor ror in her .(ace,1 Yes, I saw it! I saw it! and relapsed into imbeciiily. . Now what she had seen was a mystery. She never gave any ac couri of the horribly strange eight that met ber gaze. The story got wind and was laughed at: was credited wholly or partically according to the constitu tions of the hearers. The tenants avoided the room, which was again I locked up, and no more was heard of 'ghosts' ior a while. . It happened one evening that (he tenants ga*e a party. There was a small dance, and amongst the guests some guardsmen, and other officers. There was some cariosity erpressed at to the haunted room, and many of the guests—particularly the military ones —laughed al ibe idea of any dan'K>-r or ghost. Finally the subject absorbed general attention ; (lancing was dis carded for discussion; the believers outnumbered the sceptics. ' I'll bet you five pounds,' suid a young officer,' that I will go and re main-an hour in *he haunted room and came down unharmed.* ' Done V exclaimed his opponents. ' Don't V ex claimed the tnore limerous of his friends. The lady of the bouse and her husband both endeavoured to dta sbade him. But he was firm. He fcughed ghosts to sobrn, and jestingly toade ' farewell* 'to .his companions. He carriedacandle, and as he pre ared to ascend to the" room, which ad been lighted with gas, some pre sentment seems to have affected biro, but he laughed away al) remonstrance, * You won't frighten me with a regi ment of ghosts,' he said. 'But I'll secure my retreat. Remember, it I ring once, you will be ready to come upstairs, because you will then under stand that I have seen something and may require assistance.' They pro-' mised, and he continued, * Bat if I ring twice, you will at once know that I am in peril, and then come up as fast as ever you can. I shall not ring without reason.' They wished the young fellow good luck and standing in and near the drawing-room door '■ watched him ascend the staircase. He laughed them a cheer* 'good-bye,' ei tered the room, which was fully lighted, and shot ihe door loudly.' The noise echoed through the house I now silent, for anyone, even the ser VA-nfa. were on the qui viw, end the: ringing of the bell was anxiously ex peeled. The men stood on the landing;' the iadies generally remained in the rooms, conversing only in whispers and-Reeling, as one expressed it, as if something was going to happen. He had gone fifteen minutes,-and-nosound: had Warmed (he guests. Beta 'begun! to -be talked ol end wagers tendered that he would not ring, and that there wasflo ' ghost' nor mystery at all. Woddenly a 'faiiit 'titig, ting' was beard from the basement. There was QO 'tnitiake-^-he had nine the bell i On thostartling notice the ladies ran out, and some of the men began to 'ascend the stairs. A few were for rushing up at once, but the courage ol their friend and their agreement held them back; still they were ready for a dash up the flight at the first tingle ol the second bell; Some terrible minutes passed; the ticking of the clock wbs distinctly au dible; Then a loud, violent crash of thebfll; a sound ol fearful significance toallwhobeardit. TwoserohdssofBced for the men to reach the room and burst open'thedoor. This is whattheyeaw— The young officer, stretched ih his even ing west on the bed, rigid, dead 1 Bis jaw had dropped J his eyes were staring open vacantly in mortal terror; adutnb, atony 'fear and awful horror-stamped on bis features 1 His left hand clutched the bellrope wbich had satnmoned up1 bis friends. But no presence was visible. No form appeared to alarm the others. There he lay, stark, staring inad in death ! What-be1 had seen—whether demon or spirit—most for ever remain a mystery at great as'ever ptiezled the Ziondon •worldi He died, seared to deaib by the awful apparition which be iiad in: some manner defied or offended. Sometime after, we believe in 1679, the condition of the house and the mystery again claimed attention. Ques- j tions'were publicly addressed to those' Interested, but no reply was giwen. nor wos any explanation evel-.'offroded 'to tbis perfectly true tnyatierv of Berkley' Square. Omsel't Saturday-Journal. 