THE MYSTERY IN BERKELEY SQUARE. fflASSEIX'S HATURTtAV JOTTRTHT. 1 To this day it remains a mystery, and it will probably ever remain so. There is no question of delusion ; no one could or can deny it. The facts are facts, plain and unvarnished and as they were told to the writer by a friend he was not a relative of the parties-they shall be repeated. As there is no use in alarming people, we shall not mention the number of the house. It is, however, on the west side of Berkeley-square, Lindon, W. ; and we rep at that the tale is absolutely true. The house, which we visited, was at that time apparently untenanted. It was certainly in a bad state for repair, and as certainly not to be let. Nu tenant was desirous to inhabit it; for, though a caretaker and his wife lived in the "basement, they could not cut or the haunted room and the mansion had remained'ouipi by and desolation the whirl of Mayfair. These were the c militions when a family from the country came, and, despite the exterior appearance of the house, were certainly pleased with its interior arrangements. The house suited all parties, and it was painted and renovated sufficiently to satisfy the tenants for the) season. The tradespeople were all on the tiptoe of expect action, for no one had ever lived in the house for four c.ius.-eutivo weeks. R just had b cu surrendered, and a hurried departure had again caused the advent- of the caretakers. "he was (heir-doing," was the whimpered commit. " These ji -opie say the li Lisa is haunted, and so they receive lions J road." But (they', never dissuaded a tenant. Many tenants came:) and went; sounds were heard!, and some thing uncanny was in possession, for no one remained. The family who came into temporary possesses all of the re-sworn had no idea of its history, and it is at this period the year 1871 that the writer's acquaintance with the Jame began. Tnu near tiîàntra took pus Cyclone, and were laughing over all '"i the keys. There were occupants for all the bedrooms, and one upper apartment was -elected to the housemaid. It was a nicely furnished room at the back of the house; since], but except for a peculiar atmosphere, very comfortable. ''No one had hitherto slept in that room," they said, " and it was rather damp." So a fire was lighted, and the bed made ready for its new occupant. The girl came in in good time, and went upstairs to bed. Everything was in readiness, for her, and the ladies' maid, who had indicated the apart- ment, had left her. Ere she had got into bad, a piercing shriek aroused the household ; then a heavy fall in the housemaid's room caused them to hasten upstairs. What could be the matter? Mistress and servants rushed up together; mister followed. The room was broken open, and a terrible sight met the gaze of the intruders. The poor girl, partly dressed, was lying insensible on the floor in a dead faint. She was laid on the bed, and remedies were applied as soon as possible I he convulsive movements of her limbs were succeeded by violent rating, and it required two men to hold her, so terrible were her struggles. Her appearance was that of a maniac, and when, with the assistance of a doctor, she had been calmed, it was perceived, with unutterable terror, that the poor girl was " raving mad." She was quite exhausted for a while, but the paroxysms again began. She was removed as soon as possible, and after a while a lucid interval intervened. To questions addressed to her, she only replied, with terrified women and nameless horror in her face, " Yes, I saw it ! 1 saw it and relapsed into imbecility. Now what she had seen was a mystery. She never gave any account of the horribly strange sight that met her gaze. The story got wind and was laughed at was credited wholly or partly according to the constitutions of the hearers. The tenants avoided the room which was again locked up, and no more was heard of " the ghost for a while. It happened one evening that the tenants gave a party. There was a small dance, and amongst the guests were some guardsmen and other officers. There was some curiosity expressed as to the haunted room, and many of the guests- par- ticularly the military ones laughed at the idea of any danger or ghost.. Finally, the subject absorbed the general attention ; dancing was discarded for discussion the believers outnumbered the sceptics, " I'll bet you five pounds." said a young officer, " that I will go and remain an hour in the haunted room and come down un- harmed." "Done!" exclaimed his opponents. " Don't !" exclaimed the more timorous of his friends. The lady of the house and her husband both endeavoured to dissuade him. But he was firm. He laughed ghosts to scorn, and jestingly bade farewell to his companions. He carried a candle, and as he prepared to ascend to the room, which had been lighted with gas, some presentiment seems to have affected him, but he laughed away all remonstrance. " You won't frighten me with a regiment of ghosts," he said. But I'll boaure my retreat. Remember, if bring once, you will be ready to come upstairs, because you will then understand that I have seen something and may require assistance." They promised, and he continued. " But if I dug twice you will at once know that I am in port, and then come up as fast as ever you can I shall not ring without reason." They wished the young fellow good luck, and standing in and near the drawing-room door watched him ascend the staircase. He laughed them a cheery " good-bye," entered the room, which was fully lighted, and shut the door loudly. The noise echoed through the house now silent, for everyone, even the servants, were on the qui vive, and the ringing of the bell was anxiously expected. The men stood on the landing; the ladies generally remained in the rooms, con- versing only in whispers, and feeling, as one expressed it, as if something was going to happen. He had been gone fifteen minutes, and no sound had alarmed the guests. Bats began to be talked of and wages for her that he would not ling, and that there was no "ghost, " nor mystery at all Suddenly a faint ''ting, ting" was heard from the basement. There was no mistake he had rung the bell ! On the startling notice the ladies ran out, and some of the men begin to ascend the stairs. A few were for rushing up at once, but the courage of their friend and their of regiment held them back still they, were ready for a dash up the flight at the first tingle of the second bell. Some terrible minutes passed ; the tick- ing of the clock was distinctly audible. Then a lead, violent crash of the bull : a sound of fearful significance to all who heard it. Two seconds sufficed for the men to reach the room and burst open the door. This is what they saw the young officer, stretched in his evening dress on the bed, rigid, dead ! His jaw had dropped ; his eyes there staring open vacantly in mortal terror ; a dumb, stony fear and awful horror stamped on his features ! His left hand touched the bell rope which had summoned up his friends. But no presence was visible. No form appeared to alarm the ot trees. There he lay, stark, staring mad in death. What he had seen whether demon or spirit must for ever remain a mystery as great as over puzzled the London world. He died, seated to death by the awful ap- parition which he had in some manner defied or offended. Sometime after, we believe in 1879, the condition of the house and the mystery again claimed attention. Quest bus were publicly addressed to those interested, but no reply was given, nor was any explanation ever afforded of this perfectly true mystery of Berkeley-square, 