THE 'BONT AN. A NEW' sAGA. uthbor of "The Deiteter," 'A Son of Iagaer,"' -~',Tho Shadow of a Crime," oet., vit. IYNOPSIS OF PREVIOUS CLUPERS. Clturisnis I. and I.--Jorge Jorgenmon is the o?onoer-Giencme of Iceland where the plot ofthe story is laid. ' His doaghter, Ilacehel he is anxious S - hould mrry Count Trollp, the Danish minister for Ioeland, but she is averse to the propoed match. Attendingawrestling tournament, one of thecon tetants, Potrielonea, trrio e al beo h an A hnd Rachael preserts him with the Champion's buladge Swaggering away with his prim he encoenters a stranger. Stephen Orey, who, being challeonged. asily throws Patrickse, greatly to the surpnr?e of the onlookers. That sai night r itrlksen is ound Smurdered. The months passed on, and the love of Itachel and Stepaen b aing discovered, her father e curses them ond they flee from his presence. They ultimately marry, but Stephen trns out idle and dissolute. His mother is invited to come and live with them in the hope that she wilt have some Inlu boon over her on, but he In no way improves. Anxious to purclas a boat she sells her longand beautifullmir to a dealer, and presents the proeeusl to her husband. i leaves her, but only toe itble and' los it all. u A qmarcel enoue between Itatlmel and her mother-in-law, and Stephen.n his anger S atrike his wife across the face. En t she aks , " Iiavo you forgotten the death of Patrekscan I" Her words act like a blow, and he reels out of the houmo intothe night Cna?u t tI L-After Stephen's hba. desertion of his wife, rachel gives birth to a son, and calls his name Jason. Timorolls on twenty yea pass, and the child becomes a man. ie learns the story of his mother's ill treatment. and votw ou her dead body, forshe dice befor the return of her husband, to wrea kvenoeanc os his father for his inhuman on -duet. Ctna?ra Io'.--Tho scene of the story is then ehanged to the Islo of MD, and the Governor of Man, Adam Fairlrothcr, receives a hunted waif. who n Irs Upll his body the amrks of servitudo and suffering. CHAPTER IV. (COfTilUE.) \- Hardly..h d. tho e Governor got-back to the . outiseb whe his boys, his mene, and thi maids -: returned from Ramsey. Very full they all we-o of the doings of the day, and Adam, who neverasked that eon or servan t of his should abridge thle dflow of talk for his presence, sat withhis face to the fire and emoted, dozed, dreamt or thought, and left his people to gossip on. What ehanc had brought tIhe poor man to his door that night? An Ico lander, dumb for all uses of speech, who had ldin in the chains of some tyrant capltain-a lotto man, a seatan with. out wif or child in his own country ; and a fugitive, a runaway, a hunted dog in this one ! What angel of pleading had that very night been busy in his own memory with the days of his similar sufferings ? Allt once his ear was arrested by what wasoo a--eing said behind tim. The talk was of a sailor who had passed throungh the town, Sandof the bluo.jackots who were in pursuit of him. Ho had stolen something. No, he had murdered someobody. Anyway there was r warrant for hIds arrest, for toI high-lbiliff Iad drawn it. An ill-looking fellow, but he would be caught yet, thank goodness, in God's good time. The Governor twisted about, and asked what the sailor was like, and his boye answered him that hle was a foreigneering sort of maet in a skin cap atnd loig stockings, and bigger by half a head than Billy-by-Nie. Just then there was the tramp of feet oi tihe gravel outside and it loud rapat the door. Four men entered. They were the blte-jackets. The forelgn seaman that they wore in search of had beeoon seen ereeping p Blluro, and turning down towards Lague. Had he been there Y At that one of the boys, saying that Idsfather had been at home all evening, turned to the Governor and repeathed the questlio. But the good Adamn had twisted back to the fire, and with the rhank of his pipe hanging n: loosely from his lips, was snoring heavily. o" Ifis Excellency its eIoop," said tho bhu jacket. No, no, that could not be, for hel nal been talking as they entered. " Father," cried the Iad, audpushi'l him. llheo the Governor opened his eyes, and yawned heavily. The blue-jacket, cap in hand, told his story again, atd tihe good Adam seemed to streggle hard in the effort to grasp st through the mists of sleep. At length ho said,"h What has the man done ?' S "i Deserted hir ship, your Excellency." S " Nothing else-no crime Y" SNothing else, your Excellency. Has he : ''boon heroe?" j s," No," ald the Governor. "And at that the weary man shut his eyes '--- again and began to breathe mosteaudibly: lBut wden the blue-jackets, takingecounil together, concluded tat usomewhore thereabouts the man must surely be, and decided to sloep the night in the stable-loft, that they might saour the \+ - country in the morning, thro Governor awoke suddenly, saying Ie h1ud no beds to offer them, but they mi ghtaloop on the benches of the kitehen. An hour later, when all Laguo was asleep, Adam rose from his bed, took adark lantern ..and wont back to the stable-loft, arousedthe Icelander aid motioned idm to follow. They S rossed tieo paved court-yard and came in :f ront of the window. Adam pointed and tho man looked in. The four blue-jackets were lying on the benches drawn round the fire, and S the dull glare of the slumbering peat was on their faces. They were asleop. At that sight lthe man's eyes flraesed, his mouth set ihard, the muscles of his ohoeks con tracted, and with a hoarse cry in his throat, he fumblnl the haft of the seaman's knife that hung in his bolt, and made one atop for. ward. ; ButAdam, laying hold of his arm, lookod i tnto hid eyes steadfastly, and in the light of the Slantern their wild glance fell before him. At the.next instant the man was gone. The night was now far spent. In the town the forts were silent, the streets quiet, the .market-place vacant, and on the hill.tops the firee had smouldered down. By daybreak next morning the blue-jackets had gone backompty ;to hnmsay, and by sunrise the English brig .had sailed out of theo bay. Two beautiful crooeks Ie to, the south of .amsey and north.of MIaughold lead. One .)is called Lagne, the other P'ort?.yuVllin. On the shore of Port-y-Vullin there is' a .hutbuilt "of peat and thatlcheod with broom-=dark, damp, . boggy, and ruinous, a ditch where the tenant is .,..allowed to oit rent free. The sun stood higlt :.when a woman, coming out of this place, found a man eloeeping in a broken-ribbed boat at at lay si .deddown on the beach. She, awakened him, -"nnd asked him "into her hut. He rosotohis feet and followed her. Last night he had booeen 'tu ::tned out of the best house in tho island; this Smorning e o was about to be received into the -' lCst; ; .. . . - •:_' IThe woman was Lizeu Killoy-tho slut, the .'troil ol the trUll, the slattern and drab of the The man was Stephen Orry. \- CHAIPTER V. •r n?, "u OUNLOOgS. One month only had then paeced since the . n?ht of Stephen Orry'e fight from Iceland, as.id th'o storv of his fortunes in the meantime is .,-quckiy .told. It shame of his brutal blow, as m" jrll as fear of his wife's threat, he had stoiued i ,'nway in the hold of an English ohipthat sailed the same tnight. Two days later famine had Ibrought hins out of his hiding-plame, and he 1had ?been compelled to work before the moot. In •- t more days he had signed articles ee able seaman at teo ftrot Englie port of call. Then •aod followed punislimeats for sloth, pneeish nients for ignorancre, and penlishments for not knowing the Ilih-iavourell lhimgusgo of his boatswain. After that land come bsckerings, tlhreats, scowls, oaths, and open ruptures with '?is chief of petlg tyr?antis, enrling with the blow of a inarlelcsi-pike over the big Ice Innder's crown, aad tin little boatswains rolling headlong overhoard. Then had followed twonty-eightt days sloeet in irons, rivetted to the ship's ide on the under dock, with bread andI water diet every second day and nothing between. Fliuaslly, by the secret good- fellow ship of a seliletoalo with sore bowels of comlpas neion,eoscaplolhad cotet atler staxra-ittio, nso tar vatlon halcomo after olavory, and Stephenlad swum maseors while Isis ship lay at anchcor in I.amnoy fay. What occurred thereafter at the house whereto he laide drifted no one could rightly tell. Hto continued to live tilere with the trull wvheo \- I-opt it. Shie had ioen tlie illegitimate child of an insolvent Euglieh debtor acetl the disugbter of a noighibourinc vicar, had been ignored by her father, plet out to serse by her mother, brahi igocnctce, reared it inmpurity, and 1hsd grown into It Ituomn s iuty-edilc, simsodest, ruttisal, the sewer ef lewdnres for bestil mist withic a radius of miles, fly whcatearts, what Isints, wleit aptpeals, whaot allurements, this trollop got 1eotssessone of Stephen Orry it is not hard to guess. rirst, le wat c hunted man, .aid onlyoeo who dare do anythincg dare opoe doors to Ihicc. hNeat, he was a foreogucer, dumb nor speech, acndl leaf for seanrtdl, net tlereforo unabelo to letrni cesore thlaac his eyes could toll him of the woetenc who had givme hihn shlelter. " Then the bit Icelansder was a handsomefellow; and thle voreat dlnb tlmt ever trailed a petticoat Imows how to hide her slattontly lnoito while she is hunkering after a linte-rown man. So .the end of many eonuspirng clrenimotetnces wae A 11 nghls reserved. that aftermuch goeip.in corneri,,mnay jerahs, and some toseings of ?qmuslo heolst, thre vicar of the parish, Parson Gell cadled one'day~ at the hut mPormy.Vullin, and othe followmin Sun day morning at churrh, little Robble Christian, the clerk and sextoblre id out the- akings for the mhrriage *of Lita Killoy splnstcr, of the parshof aughd, and Stephen Orry, bacho lor, out of Iceio?lr W hat a wedding it wasthatcamo three d ieoks latert Lira wore a gay new gown that had been lent her.by a neighuour, balla Coobmrgh, a girl who had meant to bhe marrid in it hor. self the year before but haul not fully carried out her moral inwbetlon and had since borne a child. Wearing such borrowed plumes and a brazensmile of delli?ce, Liza strutted up to the, Communoin rail, looking impudently into the men's faces, and saucily into the wo-men's-for the church was thronged with an odorous mob that kept up the jabbering of frogs at spawn. and-Steplln Orry slouched after her inl hlis blowzy garmenats with a downward, shame. faced, nervoes look that his hulky manoors couhl not conceal. Thon what a wedding taust it was that followed ! The little cabin in Port-y.Vullhn reeked and smoked witi men and women, and ran out ou toetho sand and pbbleus of the beach, for the time of year was spring and the day was clear and warm. Liea's old lovers were there in troops.' With a keg of ruin over his shoulder Nary Crown, the inon keeper, had come down from the "IHibernian" to givoe her joy, andCleaveKzinloyk the butcher, lad brought her up half a lamb fcoma Bauh guhs, and M~att Mylohreest, tie net-maker-oa venal old skinflint-had charged his' big snuff horn to the brim for the many noses of the guests. On the table, thoe ferns, the theu- legged stool, the bed, ant the hearth, they sat together cheek by jowl, their hats hung on the roof rafters, their plates perched on their knees. And louid was their laughter and dhinsus their talk. Old Thurstbel Coobragh led lf ot the advantages of marriage, saying it was mid lin' plain that the gels nowadays must be. wedded when they were babies i.n rins,'for byo-chkldors were common, and a gel's father didnt care in a general way to look like a fool; but Nary Crowo saw no harm in a bit of sweot hoartin', and Cleave Kinley said not of coorso, not if a man wasn't puttin' otions into nit gel's head ; ad Muatt Myylihreost for his part thought the gels were alnziln' like the ghosts, for they got into every skeleton closet about the house. "But thou," said 'uatt, " I'm an ould bachelor, as the sayin' is, and don't knlow nothin.'" "Ha, ha, la ! of course not," laughed the othlle; and then there was a tasts of a toast to 'LimL's future in Nary's rum. " Drop it," said Liza, as Nary, lifting his cup, lea? ed over to whisper. "So I will, but itll be into your oar, wohmanl," said Nary. "So hero's to the king lthat's comin.'" By this time Stephen had slipped out of the nloisomo place, ant was rambling on tihe qluiot shore aloeo, with head bent, cheeks ashy pale, eyes fixed, nud his brawny tands thrust deep into his pockets. At last, trough the olense fumes within the house, d ella Coobragh noted Stepheln's absenoco, ali " Where's your man c " siot said to 'Lira, with a tantalizing light it, her " aybe where yours is, Bella," said 'Lint, with a toes of the head ; " near enougb, perhaps, but not visible to the naked eye." Tih effects of going to church on 'Liza illoy were rlwhat they often are o a wolna of buse nature. With a tn to work for her sithe bhecaune ore idle than before, and with nothing to fear from scandal more reckless and sluttish. Having hiddeu her nakedness in the gown of marriage, she lost the last rag of woranly slamne. The effects on Stephen Orryworo this deepen. iigof his sloth, his gloom, and his olploessness. What purpose in life he ever had was parsa h"tsed. On his first comiog to the island oe had sailed to the sackoral ishing in the boats of IKano \Vnde-a shnrewrtd honman, who found the big, dumb Icelhnder a skilful ilshorman. Now lie noglectod his work, lost self-rolinnce, and ley about for hours, neither thinking nor feeling, but with a look of sheer stupidity. And so the two sat together in their ditch, sinking day byday deeper and yet deeper into the mire of idleness, moroseness, and mutual loathing. Nevertheless, they had their cheerful hours together. The ' king' of Nary's toast soon came. A child was bor--a bonny, sunny boy as ever yet drew-breath ; but 'Liza looked on it as a check to her freedom, a drain on her energy, soelo thing helpless and looking to her for saccour. So the ululatural mother neglected it, anei Stephen, who was reminded by its coming that Rachol lid been about to give birth to a child, turned his heart from it and ignored it. Thus there spirit-breaking years dragged on, and Stephen Orry grow woo-begone antd stoe eyed. Of old he had been slothful and spirit less indeed, but not a base ian. Now his whole nature wasall ut gones to the gutter. He had once been a truth-teller, but living with i_ women who assumed that he must be a liar, lie had ended by becoming one. He had no cone. iany save her company, for his slow wit hlad found it hard to learn the English tongue, med she alone could rightly follow him ho had sro desires save the potty ones of daily food and drink; he had no purpose save tle degrading purpose of defeating the nightly waniderings of tis drunken wife. Thus without any hunami eye upon him in the dark way ls was going, Stelion Orry had grown coarse andbase. nut the end was not yet, of all this mtan was to be and know. One night, after spending tho day on the sea with the lines for cod, the year deepening to winter, the air muggy and cold, he went away home, hungry, anit wet and cold, leaving his mates at the door of the "Plough," where there was good compauy within and the cheer of a busy fire. Home ! On reaching Port-y-Vnllin he found the door open, the hearth cold, the floor in a puddle frmn the driving rain, not a bite or sup ilt the cupboard, and his wife lying drunk across the bed, withthe child in its grimy blueness creep. ag aend crying about her hand. ,It was the begnsingof tho end. Ones again he fumbled thehaft of his seaman's knife, and then by a quick impulse he plucked up the child iit his arms. "Now God be praised for your poor face," he said, and while he dried the clald's pitiful eyes, the ihot drops started to his own. He lit the fire, he cooked a cod he had brought home with him, he ate himself and fed the little one. Then he sac before the hearth with the child at his breast, as any mother mnight do, and hung over it as onl1 a woman could who had suckled it there, for at length it ihad come to him to know that if it was not to be lost and worse. than orphaned, he must henceforth be father and mother both to it. And when the little eyes, wet no longer, but iaughinglike sunshine into the big soared face above them struggled in vain with slooeep, he wrapped the child in his ragged guernsey and put it to he like a bundle where tihe fimr could warm it. Than all being done he sat again, and leaning his elbows on his knees covered his ears with his hands, so that they might shut out the sound of the woman's heavy breathing. It was on that night, for the first time since te fled from Iceland, that he saw the full depth of ids offence. Offemie 1rime it wa,, aoid that of the bhickest; anud i the terror of his loneliness he tremblod at the thought tlmt some day his homblo dumb secret would become known, that something would happen to tell it -that he was married already when he married the woman who toy behind tim. At that he saw how low he had fellen--from her who onlco had been so pare and true beoole him, and haId lovidhimn and given up faither, and home, aud faniefor himi; to this trull, whiu now dragged hiu thlrougli the slush, and trod ou him and litited himo. T'hen the bitter thought ciu that what she had suffered forhims, who hail given hiim ererytleimg, he could never repay b,y on kind vordor r look. Lost sho was to llii for ever anld ever, and parted from him by a yetwider gulf tiln live hundred miles of sea. duch was the agony of his shame, snd through leail the snore of the sleeping wouman woet lila iron through his head, so that at Lbst lie wrapped his arms about it and sobbed out to tle dead fire at his feet, " hicliel I Itachel ! Itachel i" All at onece he became conscious that the Iheavy breathing had ceased, that the hiouse wae silent, tdat something had touched hen on the shoulder, and that a gaunt shadowstood beside him. Itwas the woman, who at the sound of his voice had arisen from herdrunkec sleep, and now gasped, " Who is Rachel t" At that word his blood roe cold, and shiver. ing in his clothes, he crouched lower at the. heurth, neither aiiwering nor lookiog up. Then wyitl eyes of hate soie cried again, "Who is itachel P' Dut the only voice that euswered hle, wao the voice that rang within hin-" i'm a lost man. God help me I" SWhlo is Ralchel P" the woman cried onco ,nore, lind thle sound of that name from her lips, hlardeniintg it, brutalisiug it, befouling it, was the iliost awful thiinsg by which his soulhtad yet been shaklien out of its stupor. "iWho is she I say . Answer me," she cried in a raging voico; but he crouched there still, withl hills haggard face and misty. eyes tolmed down. Te.i. she laid her hand on hisshoulder.and shookldm, and cried bitterly.. - I I" * ,Who is she, this ,l?ht o'loso--hs:tsbag. - . gaje to soffued hiof up shuddered from head to foot; tlung hir from hin4 ' and answeoed in a terrible voice, ' WVoman, she is my wifo !" That word, like a thunderbolt, left a heavy, silence behind it. 'Liza stood looking in terror at Stephen's face, unable to utter a cry. But next day she went to Parson Gaell nd told hinm all. She got small comfort.. Parson Goll had himself had two wives ; thile first had Sdeserted him, and after an interval of six years, in- which he had not heard from her. hoe had' married thesecond. So to 'Liz he said, "le may have sinced against the law, but what prooflave you? None." Theu ahe went to the Deemster at Ramsay. It was Deomstor Lace-a bachelor much given to secret gallantries. \- She got as little cheer from this source, but yet she came away with one drop of solace fer monting in the bitterness of her heart. "Tut, woman t's more common tlhan yen think for. And where's the harmP Ouh ! it's happeneod to some of the best that's going. Now, if he'dl beaten you, or slruckyou"-and the good man raised both hI nds anut shook his head. Thenthe thought leapt to her mind that she herself could punish Stephoen a hundredfold worse than any law of bishop or deemster. If she could she would not now put him away. lie should live on with her, husband or no his band, and she with hims, wife or no wife. On her way home site called at the house of Kano \Vado, sat down with old Bridget, shed some crocodile tears, vowed she daron't have tould it on no account to no other nortlhat sowl, but would the heartof a woman belays it ? her mans had a wife i hisl ownl counthry ! Bridget, who hadl herself hald four huslhonds, lifted her hands inl horror, and next day, whoa Stephen Orry went down to the boats, Bruno Vldo, who had iniwly turned Methodist, was there already and told himi-whittling a stick as hie spoke-that the isilg gwas wonderful Iean live gottin' 'and if he didu't shorten liminds it would be gois' begging on the houses they'd all:bi, sirteai euro.' '' Stephen took the hint in silenco, and weint off home. 'Liza saw him coming, watched him fronm the door, and studied hsL hard aet face with a grimo smile oan her owiv. Next day Stophen went oil to Matt Myl chrest the inetnuiker, but Matt shook his head, saying that Manxmon had struck agcainst foreoigs min all over the island, and would not workwith them. The day after that Stephon tried Nary Crow'e, tie is innkeeper, but Nary said, of coorse, it wasn't himself that was particular, only his customners were gettin' nice extraordisary about a mani's moral chi. rectoer. As itlat solpe, Stephen went up to Cleave Kilony, who had land. and asked for a roit of live acres that r?n down to the beach of Port-y. Vullin. "Nothing easier," said Kinley, "but I must hava six pounds for it beginning half. quarter day." Tho rult was ivigih, but Stophen agreed to it, and promised to go again the following day to sena his bhrgain. Stplheni was prompt to his engagement, but Kiilley had gone oil the mountdtins after some sheep. Stuphen waited, and four hours later Kiiiley returned, looking abashed, but dogged, and saying he must have good security for a year's rent down. Stephen went back home with his head deep in his breast. Again the wolaan saw himi coming, agoin she studied his fiaco, anl agin she ltglhod in. her heart. " Ie will lift his halnd to me," she thought, "s and then we shall see." But he soeeumd to road her purpose, and doteruilned to defeat it. She might starve limn. herself, and their child, but the revenge she had set her mintd upon silo should not have. Yet to live with her and contain himself at every bruttil act or bestial word was mnore than he could trust himself to do, atnd he determined to fly away. Lot it beosuywhroe-atywhere if only out of thile torture of her presence. One laceo was like another in Mann, forgo where ho would to ainy corenter of the Island, there she would surely follow him. Old Thurstan Coobragh, of Dalltcreggan, grave him work at draining a flooded meadow. It was slavery that no other Christian man would do; but for a month Stephen Orry worked up to his waist in water, and lived oil barley-bread and porridge. At the end of hit obhohad 3ls. saved, and with this money in ils pocket, and the child in his arms, he hurried down to the harbour at Ramsey. where an Irish pa:cket lsy ready to sail. Could lie have a possage to Ireland? Cor. tainly he could, but wlore was his licence P Stephen Orry had never heard until then that beforoe a man could leave the Isle of Man Ihe must hold a lcenco permitting him to do so. 0 Go to the high bailiff," said the captain of the packet; and to the high bailiff Stephmn Orry went. " I come for a licence to go away into Iro land," ie said. "' Very good. But where is your wife ?" said the higl bailiff. Are you leaving her bo hind you to he a burden on the parish ?" At that Stolphen's heart seuk, for libesaw that his toil had boon wasted, and that his savings were worthless. Doomed he was for all his weary days to live with the woman who hated him. lie was bound to her, he was lashod to hier, and he must obrid and bedraggled to tIh dregs of ifo with her. So lie weat back home, and hid his money in a hole in the thatch of the roof, that the touch of it might vex his memory no more. And then it flashed upon him that wharhoe was now suffering fromn this woman was after all nomorethan the complement and counter part of what l?tehell had suffered from him in the years behind them. It was just-yes, it was just-and becauso lihe was a mail and Rachel a woman, it was less than he deserved. So thinking, he sat himself down in his misery with resignation, if not content, vowing never to lift his hand to the woman, however tormented, and never to leave her, however tempted. And when one night, after a storm, an opeI boat came ashore, he took it and lied it to lish with, and tl'us lie lived, and thus he wore away his wretched dKad yet he never could have borne his punishment but for the sweet solace of his child. It was the flower in his dungeon, the bird at its bars. Since that bad night, when his secret had burst from him, he had nursed it and cherished it, and had done for it many tender offices. Every day he had softened its oatcake in his brotl, and lifted the barley out of his own bowl into the child's basin. In the summer he Ihad stripped off shoes and stockilngs to bathe the little ankles in the bay, aiid in winter he had wrapped the child in Ils jacket and gone bare-anrmed. It was now fouryears old and went everywhere with Stephen, astride on his broad back or perched on his high shoulders. He had christened it Michael, but because its long wavy hair grew to be of the colour of the sun he called it, after the manner of the people, Sunlocks. And like the sun it was, in that hut in Port-y-Vullin, for when it awoke there was a glint of rosy light, and when t slept all was gloom. He taught it to speak his native Icelandic tongue, and the woman, who foulndeverything evil that Steslon lid, found this a htarrier botweenser andthechtild. Itwas olyinhiihgno mrate lthothe did it. dut ah, strange destinyg that out of the fattier's ignorance was to shape the child's wisdom in the days that .wore to comet Aid little Sunlocklis was eyes anl oars to Stephen, and hope to his crushed spirit and in telitgence to his slow mind. At ssght of the cild the vacanst look would die away from Stephen's face; at platy owith iim Steplheo's great hulking legs would rui hither and thither ii roedy williugies :s and at hearing his strange qaestions, Iis wlodreas answers, hi pretty cleversayings. Stehen' poor dense wit wo seem to stand agape. Oh,little Sunlocks--littlo Sunldkea-flonating like the dsydawn into this lone man's sprlson hlouse, how soon was your slad light to be overcast I For all at once Tie smote Stophcs lilk a blow on the bonn thath though it was right that he should lve with the woman, yet it was an awful ;thling that thie child should continu to do so. Growing up iO such as: atmosphere with such an exam-ple always present to his eyes, what would the child beeomos P Soured, saddlned, perhes cunnting, perhaps malicious;. at least adapting himso.f, as his father had doen before him, to the air he had to bratho.e.And thinking thatlittloe Sunloks, now so sweet, .o sunny, so artless, so innocent, meust come to. this, a Ithe gall of Stephen Orry'u fate roso to his throat ' What could he do P *, Take 'little"Sunlocks away P That was' impossible, for he cosild not take: hiteseeliawy: a y, Why had the cldud been born P Whyhadle isot died? WYouldnot the good God teko him: to himself evou now, m all. the sweetness of his childhood P No, no, no--not that either.; and yet-yes, yes, Stephon's poor slow brain struggled long with this thought, and at length a straune sod solemn idea tookhold of it; little Sunlocks must die, sundlie must kill him. :S tepheu Orry did not wriggle with his eso science, orti he ozened it at all he mads his self bol~sve tlat it would not be sin but secriftee to part with the thing he held dearest in all thie I i Sunloel must die I.. setter, better, betier sot I A- i.nd hboin·g thus dltermised, he~wont canU i 1 I.ouasl an~t'even cu cintigyi to'wirk. 'WJien the little ode had disappeared, 'he'" hmself Sould nceverbe suspected, for 'all the island would say he loved it too tenderly to do it a rwrong, and he would tell everbody that he had taken it to some old body in the south who had I wishedito adopt a child. So with. Sunlocks SlulLgheg and crowing astride his shoulder, ho Setlled at Kane Wado's homse on Bruliur one day, and told Bridget how he should miss the ' little chap, for Sunlocks was going down to the Calf very soon, and would not come home again for a Iong thuse perhaps not for ninry a year, perhaps not until he was a big slip of a ad, and, maybe-who could toll ?-he would never come back at all. . - : IThus he laid his plans, but even when they t were complete he could not bring himself to -crry them through, until one day, going up from the heach to sell a basket of crabs and t eels, he found 'Liza drinking at the "Hib-er nln." Iow she came by the money was at first his sI urprise, for Nary Crowe had long abandoned aher; and having bitter knowledge of the way she had once spent hiscariongs, he himself gave her nothing now. But suddeuly a dark thought came, and he hurried home, thrust his hant into the thatch where he had hidden his savings, and found the pla?e empty. That was the day to do it, he thought ; and lhe took little Sunlocks and washed his chubby face and combed his yellow hair, curling it over this own great uedeft fingers, and lut his boat clothes i ehiui--ttfo whlte cotton pinafore and the red worsted cap, anti the blue stockings freshly dl'rncd. This le did that he might comfort the child for the last time, and also that he might re. member him at his best. And little Sunlocks, in high glee at suech busy preparations, laughed much and chatterodlong, taking many questions. " \Where are we going, father P Out--h ? Whore?" . !".eWo'll'eo, little Sunlocks; woe' see." '"But wherit? Church ?' Vhat day is this ?" "ThIe last, little Sutlloce, the last." " Oh, I know, Sunday." When all was reany, Stephen lifted the child to the old porch across his shoulders, and made for the shore. His boat owas lyicngaground there; he pushedit adrift, lifted the child into it, and leapt after him. Thenl thiking the oars, he pulled out for Maug hold iead. Little Sunlocks had never been out in the boat before, aned everything was a wonder and do. light to him. "1 You said you would take me on the water some day. ])idl't you, father ?" " Yes, little Sunloeks yes." It was evening, and the sutn was sinking belhied lhes land, very largo atnd rod m its setlilng. " o the sun fall down ovo'ry day, father PV " It sots, little Secnloks, it sets.' W \lt issets ?" " Dies." " Oh." The waters lay asleep under the soft rod glow, and over them the sea fowl were sailing. ' Vlhy liare tihe white birds sc'ceaning ?" ii Maybe they're calling their young, little Sunelocks." It was late spring, and on the headland the sholeeO were bleating. " Look it thle baby olno-aweaiy, away, lip yodler. What's it doing there by itself on the ock, and o'yeig and e'yigal e' ying Y" " Maybe it's lost, little aSlnocks." S'rT en why doesn't somebody go and tell its fatter ?" And the innoceet face was full of trouble. The sun went down, the twilight deepened, theoair grow chill, the waters black, adStephlen was still pulling round the head. " PFater, whlre does the night go who'l we are asleep ?" " To the other world, little Sunlocke." " Olt, I know--Ieoaveu." Steplhen strillpped off his guernsey aeed wrapped it about the child. Ilis oeyes shone brightly, his mouth was parched, buth didnclot flinclh. All thoughts, save one thought, had faded from his view. Ash eo came to Port Mooar the mioon rose, and about tihe samle tie the light ippeared on l'oint of Ayre. A little later le sawe the twinkle of lesser lights to the south. They were the lights of Laxey whlere many happy children gladdened umany hlalppy liresides. lie looked around. There was not a sail in sight, and not a sound cnrno to, his ear over the low murmur of the sea' gentlo swell. " Now is the timet," le thought. ito put in his oars and the boat began to drift. But no, he could not look into the child's eyes and do it. The little one would sleep soon and then it would be easier done. So he took him in his arms and wrapped him iit a pieco of suil-' cloth. " Shut your eyes and sleep, little Sun locks." " I'm not sleepy. I'm cnot." Yet soon the little lids fell, opened again and fellt once mtore, -and then suddenly the child started up. " But I haven't said my p'ayers.'' " Say them now, little Suelocks." " Geotle Jesus, meek andlnild, Look upon a little child, Guard ieo whileine sleopI lie, Take me to Thy home on-on- " " Would you like to go to heaven, little Sunlocks ?" " No." " Why not?" "I want to keep with-with-my fathi- " The little eyes were closed by this time, and thlochild was asleep on Stephen s knlees. Now wasthe timo-now--now. But no, it waslhadder now than ever. The little face-so silent, co peaceful- how formidable it was TIhe little soft hand in his own big hard lpalm-howstrong and tor rible ! Stephen looked down at the child and his bowels yearned over it. It cost lhi a struggle not to hiss it ; but no, that would only make the task harder. Suddenly a now tholught smote him. What had this child done that he should take its life P Who was he that he should rob it of what he could never give it ageain ? By what right did hoe dare to come betweeoo this livine soul and heaven ? When did the Almighty God tell hise what the after lifo of this babe was to be P Stephen trembled at the tlholght.. It was like a voice fronm the skies calling on him to stol, and ao hand reaching out of them to snatch the child from ihis grasp. What lie had intended to do was not to be? Heaven had set its face against it Little Sunlocks was not to die I Little Sun locks was to live. Tlhak God! Oh I Thank God! But late thatniglht, a group of people etand ing attheir doors on the beach at Port Lague saw a tall mant in his shirt sleeves go by in the darkness, with a sleeping child in ais arms. The man was Stephen Orry, and hee was sobbing like a womnan whose heart is broken. The chihl was little Senlocks, and the was being carried back to Iis mother's home. The people hailed Stephen and told him that ia foreigner from a shlp in thio bay had been asking for him that evening, They had sent the man along to Port-y-Vullin. Stephen hurried home with fear at his heart. In five minutes he was there, and tehonhis life's blood ran cold, He foucd the house empty, oexcept for his wife, and she lay outstretchleedon the ieoer. She was cold-she was dead; and in clay, on the waltt abovo herlioad, thsad'words were written in the Icelantdio tongue, " So is Patricksen avenged." Avenged I Oh, powers: of HIeaven, that drive the petty passions of men like dust before youl CHAPTER VI. T rtO I WOOLD OP BOY AND 01R Three days later the bad lottery of t'Line idlloy's life acd death wasplayed out and done. On tre morninig of to fthe fr day, some time before the dawn, thoughle thoe it were roilieg infrontof it, Stpheon Orry roe in his silent hut in Port-yVullin, lit a flre cooked a hasty meal, wakened, washled, dressed, ani fed little Sanlohks, then ciaed cp the doorfrom the out side, lifted the child to hlo shoulders, and turned lds face towards the south. When hee passed through I.xey, the sun stood high, arid the duet of the roads was being driven in thleir faces. It wee long past noon rwhen he cameo to Douglas, and eta little shop by the harbour bridgohe bought a pennyworth of barley cake, .gve half and pushed on with logerstrides.o Thoe twilight was deepening hyhous ho 'reahedo Castlotown, anod there hle inqraired for the Iousoe of the Governor. Itr wai pointed out to hIm, and through heavy iron gatoe,. Up a winding 'cmr cflogs-way lte cild wlth l lm nald. bordered with dafeodile, he made toiehreh the oclydoor I It-was the caial entrance to Government house, a low broad porch, withr a bench on either side, and a cross-barred door of knotted oak. Stephen Orry paused before it, looked nervously around, and then okocked. with r his knuckles. Hohad walked six and twentymiles, cnrryincg the child ct the waj. He wasweary, footooro, hungry, and covored witlt dust. -The child on his shoulder was begrimed acid dlrty', his little fate smeared in streaks, ids wavy hair I loaded ancl unkempt. A footmanc tI red and buff, powdered, sterohod, gartored'cxcddi canty`, opened the door, +Stephec Orry asked.for the Oovernor. Tho footman looked out with aur. ' a prise at the bedraggled man with the child, snd f asked who he was. Stephen told his name. The d footman asked whore he came from. Stephen s answered. The footman asked what ho came 1 for. Stephen did not reply. Was it for meal? d Stephen shook ihis'head. Ormoney?-' Stephen said no. With another glance of surprise the o footman shut the door, saying the Governor was a at dinner. o Stephen Orry lowered the little one from his a shoulder, sat on the benchbin the porch, placed a the child on his knee, and gave him the re mainder of the barley cake.. All the weary journey through ,ho:had boon patient and cheerful, the brave little marn, never once crying aloud at the pains of his long ride, never y once. whimpering at the dust that blinded him, or theheat that made him thirsty. Holding on p athis father's cap, he had laughed ind sung I ovenwith the channels still wet on his cheeks, where the big drops had rolled from his eyes to his chin. Little Sunlocks munched at his barley cake I in silence, and in tht :'gathering darkness r Stephen watched him as he ate. All at once a silvery peal of child'slaughter-camo from within the house, and . little Sunlocks Sdropped the barley cako from his mouth to listen. Again it came; atd the grimy face of little Sumlocks lightened to a smile, and that of I Stephen Orrvtowered andfell. r "Vouldnit yrou like to live in a house like tlris,'littlo Suntocks P" - S" Yes-with my father." 1 'Just then tho dark door oponed again, andrtlho footman with a taper in trs hand, came out to light the lamp in tie porch. S"What, hero still ' Io said. " I'm waiting to see the Governor," Stephen Orry answered. Sp r Th the footmanwont inand toldthe Governor that a big man' and a child were sitting in the porch, talkingiome .foreign lingo together, and P refusingto go. away withoutit seeing histExcel:. P'oBring them in," said the Governor. * Adam Fairhrother was at the dinner-table, enveloped in tobacco clouds. His wife, Ruth, haddrawn her chair aside that she mightknit. Stephen Orry entered slowly with little Sun s locks by the hrand. t " This is the person, your Excelloncy," said the footman. " Come hi, Stephen Orry," said the Go vernor. Stephen Orry's face softened at that word of t welcome. The footman's dropped and he dis o appeared. Then Stephen told his errand. " I shall come r to have givyou something," he said trying to speak in Euglish. Adam's wife raised her eyes and glanced over him. Adam himself laid down his pipe and i held out his hand towards Sunlocks. But Stephen hold the child back a momentand spoke again. "'t's all I shall have got to give," lihe said. " What is it F" said Adam. " The child,"said Stephen, and passedlittlo 1 Sunloeks to Adam's outstretchedlt hand. At that Adaon's wife dropped her knitting to her lap, but Stephen soeing nothing of the amazement written in her face, went on in his broken words to tell them all-of his wife's life, her death, his own sore temptation, and the voico out of heaven that lhad called to him. And then with a moistened eye and a glanceo at Sun locks, and in a lower tone as if fearing the child might hear he spoke of what he meant to do now-of how he would go back to the horrings, and maybe to sa, or perhaps down intotthe mines, but never again to Port.y. Vullin. And because a lont marn win no corn. parry for a child, rind could nrot take a little orne with Ihin if he would, Ihe had come to itat last that he must needs part with little Surnlooks, lending hint, or. maybe giving, to someone he could trust. " And so," he said huskily, " I shall say to Sme often and often, ' The Governor is a good mar attd kirld to me long, long ago,'and Ishall give little Sunlocks to him.'" lie trhad dropied irs card iuntr at re ' rs ? r? 1 spoke, and being nowllrnished Ie stood fumbling sis scraggy goatskia coap. Then Adnm's wife, who hlad listened in mute surprise, drew herself up, took a long breath, looked first at Stephen, then at Adam, then back at Stephen, aid said in a bated whisper : "Well, did any living soul over hear the like ir this island Ibeflore ?" Not rightly understanding what this might mean, poor Stephen looked back at her in his weak. dazed way, but madehoer no answer. 1" Children might be scarce," she said,'aud gases little angry toss of hIerread. Still tte meaning of what she nsaid had not worked its way through Stephen's slow wit, and Iha mumbled in his poor blundering fnshlion : - " Ie is all I have, ma'am." " Lord-a-massy, man," she cried sharply, but we might have every child iu the parish at your price." Stephen'a fingers now clutched at hile cap, his parted lips quivered, and again hIre loundred out, stmmiering like an idiot: " firt I love him, ma'am, more than all the Sworld." "Then I'll thank you to keep him," she answered, hotly ; and after that there was is dead silence for a moment. In all Stephen's reckoning never once had he countedl oa this--that after ire had brought himself to thatsor's Ias, at which he could part with Sunlocks, and turn his back on himn, never more to be cheered by his sunny facee andil merry tonguele never tgain to be wakened by hn in the morning, never to listen to his gentle breathing in the night, never to feed himre and wash him, never to carry him shoulder high--any human creature could say no to him from thought of the little food he would eat or the little troublo he would ask. Stephen stood a moment, with his poor be wildered, stupefied face hung down, and the great lumps surging hlot i hlisothroat, and then witihoit a wvord morre, e stroteihedout his hand towards the child. ' But nill this time Adam had looked on with swimming eyes, nid now hIe drew little Sunloeks yet eloser between hIis kinees, and said, quietly: - " lltth, we are going to keepl th littleone. Two faiggots will humrn better than one, anrd this sweet boy will be company for our little Greeba." "Adam," slte cried, "haven't you childron enough of your own, but yea must needs take otlher folks' :' " Ruth," he answered, " I have six sons, and if they hal been twelve, perhaps, 1 should have heen botter pleased, so they haid all been as strogalud hearty ; and I have one daughter, and if there had been two it would havo suited -me as well." Now the runour of Stephen Orry's former marriage, which 'Liar Ihad so zealously set afoot, had reached Government-house by way of Lague, iand while Stephenshadspoken Adam had remembered the story. and thinking of it se had smoothed the head of little Sunlocks with a yet tenderer hand. But Adam's wife, recalling it now, said warmnnly' S MnIyboeyou thunk it wise tohring up your 'daughter with te mncrry-bhgot of any rigtbnasl thlt comes prowling along from goo snseknows 'ewhere.'" R" uth," said Adam, as quietly as before, "we are paing to -keep tho little: one,"os;. id at thtr hbr wife rose andorke rut of lthe Trelookof bwilderment iead not yet.ben driven from Stelhes Orry's Iface by tIsa oexpres sion of joy thathail fellowed it, and now he stoodglhnuctrg fromn Adam to the door and from the door to Adam, as nmuch as to iay, if his coming lhad brought strife Irhe was ramly tog. Dut timhe Governor waved his hand, s thosgt following his thought and dismissing it. Then lifting the child to his knee, hIe asked Lirsname, whereupon thire little man answered prompitly thaothrts name was Sunloeks. " Miehisl," said Stephen Orry; " but Icall him Snlloeks." " iehael Suelocek-a good name, o. oAnd what is his ago F" - "Four yenres."' "Jnat the age: of my. awn darling," amid the Governor and satting. th ehilh on- his feet, ire mg tio bell and said, "rBring little Greeba here." ' ' . Smmnuto latter a little brown.hbaired lassie, witli rudily cheeks and laughing lips and sparkliog brown eyes, came'racing iota the room." She was in her nighltgown, ready for bed, her feet wero bare,' and under one arm she carried a doll. '. . . . . "Come hero,Groo~biive"'" said'the Govereo?r, and he brought thie chilidrhnface to face, and then stood asidoto watch them; ' - They regrirded each otliorfor a moment with the solemn aloofness that only chlildren'know( twisting and curling aside,"yoing oneinanother. -furtively, neither of them seembig so muesh as to sob tIe otheor, yet neither, of them seeing anything 'or anybody .elso. This. little freak of child manners mn its course, arntd then Sunloeks, -never 'Ioediing. his dusty pinafore, or tire little ma'den's white nlghtgown, but' glaneirrg 'down. at lier bars feet; and-seeming to rerenmbor that vheis iis own were sahoelse someone carried lim, stopped up:to her. put.htslarms about trer, rind-with moedes to:;lift her, bodily |Urhi .arms. Ike attempt was a disastrous fatluro, and in another moment the,.two,were rolling over, ench other: on the floor; a rearl that peevoad tlre little: m?iden' 'direst wrath, and the blank notolish munt of little Sunlocks. ' But bdfore the tar.-drop of vexation was yet dry on Groebe's face, or theosilent bewildorment lhd gone: from' thd face of Sunloctk, she was holding out her doll in a sideloug way in his direction, as much'as to say he might look at it if he liked; only he must not think that she was asking him ; and he, nothing loth for her florce reception of his gallant tender, was devouring the strange sight with eyes full of ewo. Then followed some short iliatticulate chirps. and tho'doll waspassed to Sunlocks, who turned the strange thing-such as eyes of his had never beheld-over and over and over, while the little wonumn brought out from dark corners of the room, and from curious recesses unknownl save to her own hands and knees; a slate with a pencil and sponge tied to it by a string, a pic ture.book whereof tihe bilnding hung loose, some bits of ribbon, red and blue, and liuilly three tiny cups and saucers with all the accompany., ing wonder of cream-jug nld tea-pot. In three minutes more two little bodies were sitting oil their haunches, two little tongues -were cackling and robblina, the room was rippling over with a merry twitter, the strange serious air was gone from the little faces, the little Iin au dtheo little maid were far away already in the little world of childhood, and all the universe beside was gono, and lost and for gotten. ' Stephen Orry had looked' down from his groat height at the encountor on the floor, and his dull, slow eyes hlad filled, for in some way that he could not follow there had come to him at that sweetsight the same deep yearning that had Imined him in the boat. And seeing how little Sunloeks was rapt, Steplhen struggled hard with. himself and said, turning to the Governor: , "Now's the time for me to slip away." STheo theyloft teio.room,. unnotictdof ` the busy p?eoldn oh.the floor: - Two 1hours later, after little Sunlocks, having first missed his fatheor his life's friend and only companion, had cried a little, anrd soon ceased to cry out of joy of his new comonadship, and had thno nestled down lii sunny head on tihe pillow where little Greeba's curly dollaleo lay, with the doll between him and her, and some marbles in -his hand to comfort his heart. Stephen Orry, unable to drag Iimsele l aray, was tramping tice dark roads about the Ihouse. Heo went off at lengtlh, and was seeon no more at Castletown for mauy years thler?ifter. Now tits adoption of* little Sunlocks into tihe family of the Governor was all incident that produced m?cy effects, and the lirst of themc was the serious estrangement of Adam and his wife. Never lhad two persons of temperaoments so op. posed lived so long in outward harmony. Her face, like some mountain c?cuntry, revealed its before and after. Its spring must have been keen and eager, its summer was overcast, and its winter would be cold and frozen. She witas nota Manx woman, but camto of a family of French refugees, settled as advocates on the north of the caland. Always vain of show, she had macrried in liher early womanhood, when Adam Fairbrother was newly returned from IBarbary, and his adventures abroad wore tile comrnmon gossip and speculation. But Adam had disapploited her ambition at the outset by dropping info the ruts of a homely life. Only oncelmd she lifted him out of them, and that waits fter twenty years, whet thle wicim and wisdom of the duke had led him to visitLago ; and then her impatienceo, her importunity, her fuss amt ilurry, and appeals in the name of their children, had madoe lii governor. eantinme, she bad bomeo him six seons in rapid succession during the first teu years of marriage, and after an interval of tel other years slto had borno a daughter. Four and twenty years the good man lived at pence with her, drained of his serenity by her restlessness, and of his unseol loshneas by her self.seeking. With a wise con tempt of trifles, he had kept peace over little thiliig, alld the island had long amused itself about his pliant disposition, but now that for tihe first time he proved unyielding the island said he was wrong. To adopt c child aginist the wish of 1is wife, to take into his family the waif of a drunken woman and an idle foreigner, was an act of stubborn injusticound folly. But Adam hold to his purposeo, and Michael Sunlocks remained at Goverameint house. A year passed, and Sunlocks was trons. formed. o one would have recognoised hin. Thie day his father brought hin he lhad beenc pale under the dust that covered him; he had been timid and had trembled, and his eyes lad looked startled, as though he had already beon beaten and cullfed ad scolded. A child, like flower, takes the colour of the air it broathes, and Sunlocks hail not' been too young to fool the grimy cold of the atmosphere in which he had boon born. -But now he had opened likeoa rose to the sun, and hids cheeks were ruddy andhis eyes were bright. Heo had become plump and round and sturdy, and his hair had curled around his head and grown yet warmer of hue, like the plumes of a bird in the love season. Aud, like a bird, ihe churrupped thle long day through, skipping and tripping aln laugling and singing all over thle house, idolised hy bsme, beloved Iby many, caresed by all, oven cinncing upon Mtrs. i'cirerotlher herself, wirlo, whatever ler objection to his presence, haul nlot yet steeled herself against lhe swetrescs. Another year passed, and the children grt? togethcr-Sunlocks andl reeak:, boy aunt girl, brother and sister--in the sexless concauncion of healthy childhood, with their little whims, their little ways, their little tiffs, and with the little sorrows that overcast existence. And Sunlocks picked up his English words a. !iat as he picked shells on the beach, gathoring them on his tongue as Ihe gathered the shells into his pincfore, dropping them and picking thlm up ugaiu. Yet another year went by, cud then over the Ituninous innocence of thie children there crept the strange trcl of sex, revealing ilready thlir little dilferences of character, and showing what they were to be in days to comce-tih little maiudl, quicek, urgent, impulsive, aind vainl ; tlhe little man, quiet, unselllslt, ucid latient, but liable to oatbirats of temper. A fourth year passed, and thein the little peoplo were parted. The duchess eano croin London, whero her nights had -no reposeo and her days no ireshiess, to got back ca little of the colour of the sun ilnto her pallid clceeks, and driving one clay from Mdount Murray to aovercment- htuse e lit oi Oreoba in the road outside Castletown. It was summer, and the little cnl'iden of eight, brightals.the sunlight that glistened on li her heoad, hier cheeks all pink aud whito, her eyes sparkling under her dark lshles, liher brown lhair rippling bohlid her, her frock tucked utip in lishwite fashion, her legs bare, and her white linen sun-bonnet swinging in her "hand, was chasing ca butterfly amid the yellow tippced gorse that tgrw by thi road aide. ' That vision of beauty nd lheatlth uwakeneod a memory of less charm and freshness. The duchess re membered a little maiden of her own who was ulso eight years odl dainty and pretty, but pale and sickly, rpeaked up in a, chill stonei houe in London, playiig alone with bows and ribbons, talking to herself, anid having ito comlanion ex colpt a flidgetty French govercess, who was wrinkled aud had lost some of ir teoeth. A few days later the duchess came again to Governmoi t hoase, brought u gay now hut for Greebu, and proplosed that the little maid should go hoine with her as playfollow for her oily child. - Adam pronmptly said "No" to her proposal, with what mplmsis his courtesy cotld permit,urging that Greoba, being so much younger thnl hI er brothers, was like an ocily child ce. thle fdmmily, and that sheowas in any rsa en:only daughter. itd AdLam'ewife,· lCbnkilng she saw her opportunty, found many. essocns whliy:Greeba-should be allowed to go. For would it" be. right to cross the wish or so .rTat a lady P-and onet, too, who was in a senso Cl mistress also. And then wlo'could say what the ducless might do for the child some day --and ilo any event wasn't it a chalcee for which acybody else icc tie island iould give both his ears to have hise daughiter brought up i Lcondon, and at the great houoe of tho Duke of Athol ? The end of it was that Adam yielded to his wife now, as ie hal often yieldled before. " lutl'll sadly miss my, little lnseio," hie socd, i and L much misdoubt.but 'll repent me of letting her go." .Yct, while Adam shook i his ead and looked troubled, the little maid herself was in an. ec" Ad woufit yn really like to .go to Lona. don, Grooba voen t" iBiut should I see the carriages, nd the ladies an Ioreoback, and tho op, and tihe liltle gircsi uvelvet--should I, ell . ' c" Maybe so, my veen, maybe so." ".Ohl" -. The little maid gave one glance at the infl nite splendour of her now bow and feather, and rier dark nycs'parldedm , while tihe eyes of her "" But not huicelhacel Scinlolcks, you know, Greoba ven; no, nor mother, norefather." 1.o ttbattord there wa a -pretty downwIard curve-of, tlie littlo lip; but life had Ico real sorrow for one with suich a hat and suchi a prospect, and the next inastant the bright eyes leapt again to thie loaping heart. . i '" then eaci awayn Greeba yon--ron." Thoe little uaide took her father at his word, tloueghl it was but sadly spokeci, ad bounded off icc chase of Miinehol Saunloke, that slio might tell him thle great news. She found him by tie old woodect bridge of the BSllverlunc near the Ialowr Church. '. Mifchel Sunlooks had lately struck up a fast friendship with'the carrier, old orazy Chalso A'Killoy, whloesomatimqelent himlt donkey for a ride. hulucrhtodd barfoted, With breaches rolled up above .the knmes, his shoes and tl stockilgas swung aedut.his neck, and ]is wavy, yellow hair. rough and'tatngled, Michael Sualoc'ks was now seated barebacked on this donkey, tugging: the rope that served it for curb and snafle, and persuading it by the help of a blackthorn stick to cross the nrive to the meadow opposite. And it was just when the donkey, a creature of becoming meekness and most venerable age, was reflecting on those arguments, and contemplating the water at his shoes with a pensive eye, that Greebl, radiant in'the.happiness of her marvellous hat, camo skipping onto t hebridro. In a moment she blurted, out her nows be tween thany gustsof breath, and Michael Sun locks, pausing from his labours, sat on his docile beast, and looked, up at her with great wonder in his wide blue eyes. " And I shall see the carriages, and the ladies on horseback, and the ships, and the wax. works, and the wild beasts." The eyes of Sunlocks grow hiazy and wet, but the little maiden rattled on, cocking her eye downs as se spoke at her reflection in the smooth river, for it took a world of glances to grow familiar with the marvel that satton her head. "Andd I shallwearvelvot frocks, and have now hats often, and lots of goodies and things ; and-and didn't I always say a good fairy would coion for me some day." " What are talking of, you silly P" said SMichael Sunlocks. " I'm rot a silly, and I'm going away, and you are not; antlil have girls to play with inotw, not boys-thero!" Michael Sunlocks could hoir no more. His eyes overflowed, but his cheeks redened, and he " lWhat do I caro, you stupid ?? You Ca??n go, if. you .like,'" ,aid -thin d-own;: camohise:, stick with' a sounding tlhwack n'~ tho'edonkey's': flank. . Now, startled out of all composure by such suddceu andisummary address, the beast throw up dis hinder legs and ducked down his head, and tumbled his ridorinto the water. Michael Sunlocks scrambled, to his feet, all dripping wet. but with eyes aflamo and his little lips set hard, and then laid hold of the rope bridle and tugged with ono handl, while with the stick in the other he cudgelled the donkey until lie had forced it to cross the river r-iWlile tlis rouslh work was going forward, OCreba, who baa shrieked it Michael's fall, stood treomlis- with clasped hands ont the bridge, and wtaon all was over, thel little man turned to iher with high disdain, and said, after a mighty toss of lis glieetning wet Icad : "Did you think I was drowned, yousilly? WtIj don't you go, if you are oing ?ft hot all tte splenlour of ow nand feather could help the little maiden to withstand indifference like this, so her lip fell, and she said : " Well, you needn't say so, if you are glad I'm going." And Sunlocks answered. " Who says I'm gladl? Not that I say I'm not, neitlher," lie added tquickly, leaping aitrido his beast again. Whoro'epon Greeba said, "If aou had been going away, I shoutld have criedl," ansi then to save herself front larstioig out in Isis very face. she turned about iieckly and ltied. " Butl'im not such a silly, '111 not," Michael Sunlocks shouted after her, and then down came another thwack on the donkey, and away ieositedacross the meadow. Butbefore he had ridden fur he drew rein and twisted about, and now his blue eyes were swimming once moro. " Grooba," lie called, and his little voice broke, but no ainswer came back to him. " Greoba," heo called again, oroe loudly, but Greeba didnot stop. "Greoba I" he shouted with all his strength -" Greoba-Greelta !" But the little maid had gone, and there was no response. The bees wvre s hunsing in the gold of the gorse, anil lie fire-fllies were buzzing about tlie donkey's oars, whlile the mountains were fading away into a dimn wet Isze. Half an hour later the carriage of tile duchess drove out through the iron gates of Govern moat-house, asnd the little maiden seated in it by the sideo of the stately lady was crying inevoice of child-like grief : " Sunlocks-Sunlocks ! Little Sunlocks l" The advantage which the Governor's wife proposed to herself in parting with Iher daughter she siover gained, and one of tiis secret ends of . her lifo was thlerby not only dttseapointed but defeated ; for while the duchess did nothing for Grooba, the girl's abso?.o from homo led-Adam, to do thomore for Mic ?. Sunloclks. Deprived of' his immediate o ' ff\ctio' of ?ction;i? owns little maiden ltoj m lavished his love .on ice stranger. whom" chance, had brought to his door; being first prompted thereto by the thought, which came only when it was too lits, that in sending Grooba away to be company to somn other child ho had left poor little Sunlocks at homo to be solo com pany to himself. But Michael Suulocks soon won for himself the caresses that were one dun mnerely to pity of his loneliness, aid Adam's IhOeart wont out to him with the strong affection of afather. Ho throve, ihe grew-a tall, lithe, round-limbeod lad, with the smack of a man in his spech andm ways, and all the strong bcatty of a vigorous woman in his face. Year followed year, his schooldays came and wont, he became more and yet more tLe Governor's quick right hand, his pen asl his Imemnory, evesn his judgginont andi the stalf hio lensed on. It was ' "licihae Sunlocks" here, uid " isichnel Sulocks' there, andI" Michael Sunlocks will eco to that," and " You may safely leave it to Msfichael Sun looks," andsmentlmOI the comely and winsome lad, with a an's sturdy inidependence of spirit, buint a woman's yearning for love, halving lons found where thlis account lay in tite house of Oovernor Fssrbrother, clung to thSt good man with mieore thanl tile affectiont, beensuu less than tie conflience, of a sons, and like aeon he stood to him. Now, for one who found this relation sweet and beautiful, there were manly who foind it false and un jst, implying nt tutntitral pro foresce of a filater for a stranger before his owns children; and foronst among those who took this unfavourable view were Mtrs. Fairbrother and her seons. She blamed her husband and they blamed Miclihael Sunlocks. The six sons of Adam Fairhrother had grown. intosix rude men, all big, lusty fellows, roulgh and hungry, seared and scarred, like ilse land they lived on, but dliffering mucih iat may points. Asier, the eldest, three andi thirty'; whent Sunlocks was flfteen, was fair, withgro? eyes, flabby face, atnd iotohin to speal of, gooei Ihearted, buit unstable its water. IHo wits for lotting the old man and the lad alone. " Aisy, man, isy, what's the odds P"' he would say, it his draseling wy of speaking. Dut Ross, the secotnd ots, end Stcat, the tird, bothl cruel, and hot-blooded men,reproached Asher with not objectingfrot tie liarst, for " Gc," they wossd ' may, "n ofeo those fine days ithu ship will he wrecked and scuttled before oyr voryeyes, and not a pound of cargo left at her ; and all along of that cursed young itmp that's after utillin' iand sniflin' abaft of the ould man," a figure of spoech which men nt that Adam would will his belonsgings to Jlichauel Stinloke. Aid at that'? coijectur, Thurstan, the fourthson, a black. bearded' fellow in top boots, alwasvsynrodeoy-d writh much drinkisg, hut strotg of will asd the ruler of his brothers, would say " Awn; wellt, let: tlthe ittloebeanch-co-nber keep his weather eye oo liftin'," and Jacob, thie lifth sono, sandy as a"' fox, and as sly.and watchful, and John, the younogest, ltoirn an Geottlemau Jelmtiyout of trihbute.to isl love of dress. wouhl sliaks their heads together, and hint that they would yet find ai way to cook thie goose of any semooth faced hypocrito shlaming AI.bnsram. Many a device 'they tried to got sfichael Sunlooks turned away. They broughit hibad stories of his father, Stephen Orry, ssow a niamo of terror to good people from northI to south of the island, a secret trader runisiig betweon the revenuo cutters in too ports and smsugglers out side, perhaps a wrecker hausntinig thIe rough channoes of ted Cilsf, ars. outlatw growing rich by crime, and maybe by blood. ' The evil rumours made nso impresseon oet old Ad:sa, but thlerproducad a ptieerful effect whet- io effect hadbeen oxpected, lilt by bit, his heart wenti; out to th6 Governor, there grew upon Michaol Sunlocks a deep loatthing of thlu very name and thought'of his fathler. -The memory if his fatter was now a thisng of the misud, not the0 affections, ' and tiel clsain. of the' two - emotio?e," leve for tis foster 'father and dread of ims satural otne, slowly lut: surely tightented about him,so that his strcngest iopd was that tie might never agai set eyes on' i StlephenOrry. Dy tlis weakiess te foll sagain at lengthisto the hands of the si ZFatrbrthars, rs and led the way to atotbd rspturo of old Adam's famnily. l(r nn onssitr-,t.) ' 