THREE VIGNETTES. S o. 1.-MAAir!. A dingy grocery in a dingy street; passilng through the'frowsy shop, up a narrow dirt. eucrusted stairway, the land is upon the latch to entor the meanest room of the poorest dwelling in the lowest cul de sme of the city. An iron importers' case, roughly nailed upon four pieces of quartering, upologists for a table, two chandlers' cases do duty as chairs; there is no bedstead, only a scrim tick of straw, the only positive furniture a narrow Amorican sofa, patched and tkerd till ingenuity exhausted istelf; a tin kettle, a tin plate, one pannikin, one cup, and a delf teupot with broken spout and iron lid. But floor, table, and stools are clean as scrubbing and water can make them, the small window panes are burnished, crystal bright, while the worn, well-darned curtain hangs spot less whito across them. Tho tenant, a woman thin almost to attenua tion, the want of underclothing, the thin cotton dress transparent with ago and washing; exaggeratooemagrcness to emaciation. She a stauding looking out from the window, her eyes-as the yes of one past thinking, hoping or fearing, lack lustre, vacant, sad. If she over rejoicedin feminine charms, they have been those inseparablo from youth, cheer fulness, good health, rosy checks, and bright eyes, such have flod. It is inososiblo to decide hoethar she is yet youthful. lor hair is abunl dant, neatly dressed; but, indeed, herself, her belongings all around her are neat, cruelly neat, uanu as cruelly cold. The sound of a woman's raucous, scolding voice, a springless, uneven stop upon the stairs -bho woman turns round as h hhausband enters. His clothing is well worn, spare, shabby, nondescript-neithor of labourer, nechanic, nor clerk. He seats himself wearily upon the sofa, his wife beside him. ' She speaks not a word; he volunteers none--tho day has long since passed when she greeted his entrance with wist nul hopefulness,' Any chance of work; Frank ?" Sho nover questions now; disappointment was succeoeddby a fear to hope, which in turn faded to hoplessness. He might be thirty. Tho careworn brow, grove, weary face, tho sot rigid lines round the eyes and lips form fit com ilment to the face of the woman; together thoy tablean trouble, failure, weariness of try. ing when trial proves futile in wasted energy, or brings some now robuff, some deeper humlliation. The writing on the mildewed walls of that opecr chamber is plain ICAnnoD. God, man, nud hope have donarted thence. 2.-xoEPISPoriELEs. "I promised I would come up, and hero I am. Now Frank, my boy, what is to be don ? That old virago bolow seems a very tdrmagant, Why, it is a dead robbery to pay reot forthis hoel" Whiloethospeakerchattereod,hiscoldkeen oewanderedrestlesslyaround, vrilyanalyeing the barronnes and nakedness of theo eurround. loge. Frank's wife, after the lirst greeting, heeded him not, but sat, her face turned from him, her head upon her hand in an attitude of nerveless laogour; tile very outline of her drapery, the folds of her poor printmaterialised all that could be conceived of an achin heart, a desolate hearth, of all grief crowded into a life that wrestled from dawn to dark with abpeot poverty. The visitor had a bluff, hearty manner in speech and' action every outward and visible sign of jovial good nature and good living; his warm, comfortable attire, cxcellent in taste and quality, nought conspicuous, nought oured. His age would he somewhat a problem to a physiognomist. From the eyes downward, the rosycheeks, wollnshaped sensual lips, the round chin with its sugcestivo double, was young; but this sleek, jovial presentiment of youth was contrasted and belied by the hcay jowl, the fine seams and wrinkles in the broad, square-aged forehead, and tihe crow's fect at the corners of his chill, steel-grey eyes. "To be brief, Frank, you know, and you know that I know you to poessss a certain secret in chemistry, useless utterly useless and valueless in honest commerce; to any honest man it is a dead, worthless, scientific fact. Old Robinson Dant the counterfeiter, on his deathbed bequoathed it to you as a ices legacy, and so it is in proper hands. You won't uose it-tell it to me ; satruct'mo, and there is hansel." As he spoke a placed' a roll of notes upon the tableo, dexterously loosening them so they spread out fan-like as they fell. A small rod spot burned on each of Fmank's thin cheeks, an unholy light began to glow in his sunken eyes; but the light flickered out. His wife stirred not, made no sign. " You.hesitate," his tempter continued. " What fears, what scruples bar you? As to fear, I swear you run no risk; the oracle shall be worked, and your hand never appear. We will advance by degrees; in the oustn the grand coup will bring hundreds. Had the late bank defaulters known what you know, they would still be honoured men and wealthy. Why not you? Without fear, without risk, what scruples, what idiotic hesitation is this, what scruples can you have? You have no fixed prin ciples to outrage, you are a penniles, useless, outcast starveling, and I otter you immediate comfort, competence, luxury, and wealth in prospect. I offer you hero and now that whlih is to you the stop png stone to the roalisation of your earlioest ad[ best dreams; that which will crown you with the joy of triumph over all those who have scorned, reviled, and trampled on you in your later miseries." Heopaused. ' Frank waslent. His wife made no sign. "I read your thoughts-- chieanory, dis. honestyP Yesl -' Granted 'tis all that, but what prosperous man has his hand clean in this ty of inasolvencies, specs and booms ? Pahaw ! You are degraded enoughi now. Whnat deeper degradation is there than to have been aconvict in the past and a pauper in the present?" For the first time Frank spoke:-" I was innocent, and you know it." "Innocent! Of course, objectively; far too dalnty'a gentleman to soil your white fllngers, but of not too dainty a stomach to digest re sults. Has not the broad arrow brand sooner or later laid its vulture's claw upon your character wherever you have been since, and here I bringyou freedom, freedom from its pursuit; itonly follows the helpless. I put before you life, health, and suitable associations for men of education, we are superior in education to many who lord it in wealth around us, Tako your proper place. If I love pleasure and am not unacquainted with riot, it is the outcome of bitterness of soul. I will seek with you the society of cultured men and refined women. Come, lot us to work; what conscience can be left to us, bench-mintes on the launches sweeps, companions in the quarries ? " ?Rank sighed; his wife seemed feebly into rested. "You repent? Yes ! because you suffer you suffer because poor; your poverty removed cad when comfort comioe n penitence goes out, and you live to bless me. You have asked for bread, you have received stones. Now is the hour for you, and I am the man, it is the darkest hour in the night of your misfortune. I bring thd lamp to light your.path to fortune, I am the liorald of the dawn, the first gleam of which to your eyes shall be reflected from the goldon' imago of the goddess. Why qunrroel with fortune when she stretches out her. hand ull of blessings simply bcause it is her l?ft hand, and" not: her right? This night, and!'"here; is at your" choice all that makes life worth livirig. 'To.morrow you will: be impotently swung round in the aholstr6mi of unpitied indigence, drowning 'mid ~arrioii and offal* here are, not straws to vainly grasp, not shreds of delusive wrack to mock your clinging, but solid spars, a stout raft to hear you safe and sound to the land of promise you have long' prayed to see and feel as solid ground beneath your feet. Your past and present is but a charnol-house of bones, crowded with ghosts of good resolutions gone dead your future, glorious as Canani. Frank was de lly moved. An eager look washou his face. His wife also seemed flushed withiinterest. ' 1 . ' ' , = ' " ,I appeal to you, Frank for your own sake, be a maui of the world; by the memory of ouryouthful friendship, our common.suffering, I appeal to you, teach me thoa sec're;' I love you as my, own brothor,'and would save you and yours, You dare not; be a fdol-look at your poor, young.wife' there, -starving. dying before your eyes; her'blood~will be upon your head--the ;girl' you tbok from a happy home, from comfort; even luxury, to drag her down to this. See you not, she is dying from cold, neglect, starvation, and a broken heart. Speak. man: There a.c notes, gold. and silver !: Tell'mo this seet. Let her decide. Consent. Frank- speak for him. Rachel !" And I say, "Go!" Rachel rose to her feet, all listlessness groe, her whole form erect, dilate, quivering with life, energy, and iudomi table will. No beauty-not even good looks? The woman is alive with the lithe, nervous, vigor ous beauty of a leopardess guarding her young. "Go _ I .... yow-e. Ilfalliblo instinct re veals yours the shadowy hand, reaching out from the darkness of your eoul and my hus band's past, that has from time to time, from place to place, pointed the way to his dismisad. Your evil presence has secretly shadowed us even to this last refuge to attain your own ends and purposes. Go! you battled hound ; to you and your like we bid defliauce, hatred, and contempt to the bitter end. My husband and I will, if needs must, go forth together to the mercy of the street, perchance even to that Omega of the destitute, the cold slabs of the morgue; but toycther, and for the future innocent." 3.--anoar. Husband and wife are alone; each needs the other, both need God. Alone with memories of their early love, their past joys, their present sorrows, the dying moments of their dear lost children. The Great High Priest officiates at this lonely domestic altar. They partake together of a holier sacrament than the one that joined their hands in by-gone years, united now for time and eternity in the spiritual union that links them through suffering, patience, temptation, trial and victory to love divine. One in themselves, one with Him Crucified. All have silned. a Their punishment, their dis. ciplinoe has nst been beyond their strength. In that silent embrace is conceived the Christ child Hope. GocotaE I. LeoARD. Brunswick, 26th August. 