Story Column. THE DEATH SHIP A STRANGE STORY. AN ACCOUNT OF A CRUISE IN THE FLYING DUTCHMAN, COLLECTED FROM THE PAPERS OF THE LATE MR. GEOFFREY FENTON, OF POPLAR, MASTER MARINER. BY W. CLARK RUSSELL, Author of 'The Wreck of the Grosvenor.' 'The Golden Hope,' &c.;, &c.; [All Queensland Rights Reserved.] CHAPTER XXXIII.--MY LIFE IS ATTEMPTED. Heading out to sea afresh! Once again pointing the ship's beak for the solitude of the ocean, and starting as it might be on a new struggle that was to end in storm and defeat, in the heavy belabouring of the groaning struc- ture by giant surges, and in a sickening helpless drift of God alone knew how many leagues ere the sky brightened into blueness once more! Never had I so strongly felt the horror and misery of the fate which Vanderdeckcn's hellish impiety had brought down upon his ship and her company of mariners as now, when I saw the yards braced up on the starboard tack and her vessel laid with her head to the south and and west. The fresh wind seemed to shriek the word, 'Forever!' in her rigging, and the echo was drowned in the wild sobbing sounds that rose out of each long, yearning wash of the sea along her dimly shining bends. Shortly after midnight the wind freshened, and it came on to blow with some weight. I had been in my cabin an hour, lying there broad awake, being rendered extraordinarily uneasy by my thoughts. The sea had grown hollow, and the ship plunged quickly and sharply with a heavy, thunderous noise of spurned and foam- ing waters all about her. It was sheer misery lying intensely wakeful, in that desolate cabin, that would have been as pitchy black as any ancient castle dungeon, but for the glimmering lights, which were so much more terrible than the profoundest shade of blackness could be, that had there been any hole in the ship where the phosphor did not glow, I would cheerfully have carried my bed to it, ay, even if it had been in the bottom of the fore-peak or in the thickest of the midnight of the hold. The rats squeaked, the bulkheads and ceilings seemed alive with crawling glowworms, groans as of dying, cries as of wounded men, sounded out of the interior in which lay stowed the pepper, mace, spices, and other Indian com- modities of a freight that was hard upon 150 years old! I crawled into my clothes by feeling for them, and groped my way to the poop. The sky was black with low-flying clouds, from the speeding rims of which a star would now and again glance, like the flash of a filibuster's fusil from the dark shrubbery of a mountain slope. But there was so much roaring spume and froth all about the ship, that a dim radiance as of twilight hung in the air, and I could see as high as the topmast heads. I stepped at once to the binnacle without noticing who had the watch, and found the ship's head south-east by south. I could not suppose the ancient magnet showed the quarters accurately, but, allowing for a westerly varia- tion of 30 degrees, the indication came near enough to satisfy me that the wind was as it had been ever since the night I first entered this ship — right in our teeth for the passage of the Cape; and that though we might be sluggishly washing through it close-hauled, we were also driving away broadside on, making a clean beam course for the heart of the mighty southern ocean. This vexed and harassed me to the soul, and occasioned in me so lively a sympathy with the rage that adverse gales had kindled in Vander- deeken, that had he contented himself with merely damning the weather instead of flying in the face of the Most High and behaving like some foul fiend, I should have deeply pitied him and considered his case the hardest ever heard of. The mainyard was lowered, and a row of men were silently knotting the reef- points. The topgallant-sails had been handed, reefs tied in the topsails, and the vessel looked prepared for foul weather. But though the wind blew smartly, with weight in its gusts and plenty of piping and screaming and whistling of it aloft, there was no marked storminess of aspect in the heavens, sombre and sullen as was the shadow that ringed the sealine, and fiercely as flew the black clouds out of it in the north-west; and with this appearance I essayed to console my- self as I stood near the mizzen shrouds gazing about me. Seeing a figure standing near the larboard shrouds, I stepped over and found it to be Van Vogelaar. My direct approach made some sort of accost a formal necessity; but I little loved to speak with this man, whom I considered as wicked a rascal as ever went to sea. "These nor'-westers are evil winds, myn- heer," said I, "and in this sea they appear to have the vitality of easterly gales in England. What is the weather to be like? For my part I think we shall find a quieter atmosphere before dawn." He was some time in answering, feigning to watch the men reefing the mainsail, though by the light of the white water I could catch the gleam of his eyes fixed upon me askant. "What brings you on deck at this hour?" said he, in his rapping, surly voice. I answered quietly that feeling wakeful and hearing the wind, I rose to view the weather for myself. "A sailor is supposed to rest the better for the rocking of seas and the crying of the wind," said he with a mocking, contemptuous tone in his ascents. "That saying is intended no doubt for the Dutch seamen, the English mariner nobly shines as a sailor in his own records, but you will admit, sir, that he is never so happy as when he is ashore!" "Sir," I replied, suppressing my rising temper with a very heavy effort, "I fear you must have suffered somewhat at the hands of the English sailor, that you should never let slip a chance to discharge your venom at him. I am English and a sailor, too, and I should be pleased to witness some better illustrations of Dutch courage than the insults you offer to a man who stands defence- less among you, and must be beholden, there- fore, wholly to your courtesy." He said in a sneering, scornful voice, "Our courtesy! A member of a dastardly crew that would have assassinated me and my men with their small arms, hath a great claim upon our courtesy!" "I was aft and ignorant of the intentions of the men, when that thing was done," said I resolved not to be betrayed into heat, let the struggle to keep calm cost what it would. To this he made no reply, then after a pause, said in a mumbling voice as if he would, and yet would not have me hear him, "I brought a curse into the ship when I handed you over the side. The devil craved for ye, and I should have let you sink into his maws. By the holy sepulchre, there are many in Amsterdam who would have me keel-hauled, did they know this hand had saved the life of an Englishman!" And he tossed up his right hand with a vehement gesture of rage. I was a stoutly built fellow, full of living and healthy muscle, and I do solemnly affirm that it would not have cost me one instant of quicker breathing to have tossed this brutal and insult- ing anatomy over the rail. But it was not only that I feared any exhibition of temper in me might end in my murder, I felt that in the per- son of this ugly and malignant mate I should be dealing with a sentence that forbade his de- struction, that must preserve him from injury, and that rendered him as superior to human vengeance, as if his body had been lifeless. And what were his insults but a kind of posthumous scorn, as idle and contemptible as that inscrip- tion upon a dead Dutchman's grave in Rotter- dam, in which the poor Holland corpse, after 60 years of decay, goes on telling the world that, in his opinion, Britons are poor creatures. I held my peace, and Van Vogelaar went to the break of the poop, whence he could better see what the men were doing upon the main yard. The enmity of this man made me feel very unhappy. I was never sure what mis- chief he meditated, and the sense of my help- lessness, the idleness of any resolution I might form in the face of the supernatural life that encompassed me, made the flying midnight seem inexpressibly dreary and dismal; and the white foam of the sea, carrying the eye to the ebony cloud-girdle that belted the horizon, suggested distances so prodigious that the heart sank to the sight of them, as to thoughts of eternity. I was running my gaze slowly over the weather seaboard, whence came the endless procession of ridged billows like incalculable hosts of blackmailed warriors, with white plumes flying, and steam from the nos- trils of their steeds boiling aid pouring before them, and phosphoric lights upon them like the shining points of couched spears, when methought a dim pallid shadow, stand- ing just under a star that was floating a moment betwixt two flying shores of cloud, was a ship; and the better to see, I sprang on to the rail about abreast of the helmsman, for my support catching hold of some stout rope that ran transversely aft out of the darkness amidships. What gear it was I never stopped to consider, but gripping it with my left hand, swayed to erect upon the rail, whilst with my right I sheltered my eyes against the smarting rain of spray, and stared at what I guessed to be a sail. I have said that the creaming and foaming of the water flung from the vessel's sides and bows made a light in the air, and the sphere of my sight included a space of the poop-deck to right and left of me, albeit my gaze was fastened upon the dis- tant shadow. All on a sudden the end of the rope I grasped was thrown off the pin to which it was be- layed and I fell overboard. 'Twas instan- taneous! And so marvellously swift is thought that I recollect even during that lightning- like plunge thinking how icy-cold the sea would be, and how deep my dive from the great height of the poop-rail. But instead of striking the water the weight of me swung my body into the mizzen channels by the rope my left hand desperately gripped; I fell almost softly against a shroud, coming down to a great dead-eye there, and dropped in a sitting posture in the channel itself, which to be sure was a wide platform to windward, and therefore lifted very clear of the sea, spite of the ship's weather rolls. My heart beat quickly, but I was safe. Yet a moment after I had liked to have perished, indeed, for the rope I mechanically grasped was all at once torn from my fingers with so savage a drag from some hand on deck that nothing but the putting of my knee against a dead- eye preserved me from being tweaked into the hissing cauldron beneath. I could see the rope plainly enough, as it was tautened, through the pallid atmosphere and against the winking of the stars sliding from one wing of vapour to another, and perceived that it was the main-brace, the lowering of the yard for reefing the sail having brought it within reach of my arm. Then, with this, there grew in me a con- sciousness of my having noticed a figure glide by me whilst I stood at the rail; and putting those things together, I guessed that Van Voge- laar, having observed my posture, had sneaked aft to where the main-brace— that was formed of a pendant and whip— was made fast, and had let go of it, never doubting that, as I leaned against it, so by his whipping the end off the pin, it would let me fall overboard! I was terribly enraged by this cowardly attempt upon my life, and was for climbing inboard at once and manhandling him, ghost or no ghost; then changed my mind and stayed a bit in the channel considering what I should do. Thin veins of fire crawled upon this aged platform as upon all other parts of the ship; but the shrouds coming thick with leather chafing-gear to the dead eyes made such a jumble of black shapes that I was very sure Van Vogelaar could not see me if he should take it into his head to peer down over the rail. After casting about in my mind, the de- termination I arrived at was to treat my tumble from the rail as an accident; for I very honestly believed this, that if I should complain to Vanderdecken of his mate's mur- derous intention, I would not only harden the deadly malignity of that ghastly ruffian's hatred of me, insomuch that it might come to his stabbing me in my sleep, but it might end in putting such fancies into the captain's head as should make him desire my destruction, and arrange with his horrid lieutenant to pro- cure it. Indeed, I had only to think of Am- boyna and the brutal character of the Dutch of those times, and remember that Vanderdecken and his men belonged to that age, and would therefore have the savagery which 150 years of civilisation arts, and letters have somewhat abated in the Hollanders, to determine me to move with very great wariness in this matter. But I had been dreadfully near to death, and could not speedily recollect myself. The white heads of the surges leaped, boiled, and snapped under the channels, like wolves thirsting for my blood; and the crying of the wind among the shrouds, in whose shadows I sat, and the sounds it made as it coursed through the dark night and split shrilly upon the ropes and spars high up in the dusk, ran echoes into those raving waters below, which made them as much wild beasts to the ear as they looked to the eye. But little good could come of my sitting and brooding in that mizzen-channel; so, being in no mood to meet the villain, Van Vogelaar, I very cautiously rose, and with the practised hand of a sailor, crawled along the lap of the covering-board, holding by the rail, but keeping my head out of sight, and reached the main chains, whence I dropped on to the deck unseen among the tangled thickness of the shrouds, and slided as stilly as the ghostliest man among that ghastly crew could tread to my cabin. [To be continued on Monday.] 