Oity 'OLLSIL. BY Tin; FARCEUR. In a few more weeks our patriotic representa tives will probably start off to enjoy their usual " well-earned rest." Few of ua will object to that; for if the patriots do not require a rest the people do. . The customary slaughter of the innocents will take place, of course ; but it is not likely that any thing more in the shape of real business will be at tempted. The Government could certainly carry al most anything it chose jnst now for the Opposition has been knocked out even more effectually than Sullivan thumped Kilrain. A last attempt to rally and stand was made the other night, when, with Mr. Dibbs at its head, tho forlorn hope fought against Treasurer McMillan's proposals for wiping out the big deficit: but the scrimmage was soon over, and when " time" was called, it was found that the greater part of Mr. Dibbs' army had deser ted to the enemy, and he was left with about eight or niue trusty followers only. This got Mr. Lyne's back up to an awful'angle, and lie so far forgot him self as to call the Treasurer iv blackguard, for which offcnce he was promptly forced by the Chair,backed «p by the whole' House to: apologise. ' After that the opposition tumbled to pieces entirely, and the fight fizzled out in the most miserable draggle-tailed: ; style-imaginable.- ?' * . # * Compliments have been pelted round rather plen . tiful in our Sainted Senate of late ; Mr. Melville, -starting the firm by alluding to Mr. Minister Car-: -ruthers as "the champion log-roller of the House." '" The 'man who said that is the champion liar of the colony " shrieked the Minister for polite Public \- Instruction'; upon which Ninny countered splen didly by retorting. " Why, the term was first used towards you by your own Premier himself." Neme sis followed closely on Ninny's heels, however, as .the clip from/fajwanZ shows "Mr. Melville-Aiirm1 in this city received an order for the manufacture of a pulpit, a sketch of the pulpit was put into my \- hands, and I was asked to state a price. Sir Henry Parkes : The lion, member is a queer nianufac ; turer to go to for'a pulpit! Mr. Melville ; I have i-had a hand in the making of some funny things in . this country. Mr. McMillan : The lion, member never made anything funnier than himself." * * # . JTinding he was. coming .off a bad second best . with the heavy weights, Sir. Melville look round for some one nearer his match, and fixing a deadly . glare on Mr. Mudgee Haynes he snapped out, " Sit down, sir.; don't delay this, measure. Mr. Hayncs "Will thehon. member pass the measure!" Mri \- Melville; " Yes, I will." Mr. Haynes ; "Thanks: \- the hon. member is a good hand at taking men's measures ; therefore I'll.sit down."; "Still harping on my, hearse !" murmured the genial Chairman, . and then he fell back as silent and stiff as one of his latest subjects. * # # Of course all this hilarity and well-tuned humor ; couldn't go on without the doughty West Macquarie ? liero, Mr. Crick, having a chip in, and accordingly he soon rose a.ud. called the hon. member for the . :other Macquarie, Mr. Tonkin, a liar:; 'This gave . the Speaker a chance to sail in, and explain the law .regarding the.exchange of this, particular style of [ compliment. It seems, from Mr. Speaker's ruling, . that it is little short of wilful murder for, one hon. member to call another a liar, straight out; but at the same time it is perfectly allowable to Bay that ..the party in question had ''made a misstatement .of,facts:" thathc;wasa Postmaster Grand in the . pleasing art of realistic, romancing; that he was much given to an artificial recollection of mislead ing statistics ; or that he could not distinguish be tween the false and true, but had a decided bias towards the former.. Ho might even say that the lion, members suffer from a spirit of exaggeration ; ;.or that he has a distinct liking for the utterance of ? statements of a misleading character. But he must . never-not even hardly ever call him a liar, straight ?out, because that is too nakedly repulsive, so to -. amenities is olie' wmeii arn,nn\iVri^lp«n^n.-Ji)i.j3iibli(; i debating class champions, and the-like, would do well to paste in their hats for future guidance. ^ ? *. ... # ? ' 'The vexed,question,". What shall we do .with our criminals ?" has turned up again, and lilce the ghost \- ,ia the .play, it,will not '.' down." , -TJiis.time the cry , comes from Albury. saying that .prisonlabour is ; .being ..used . for.the. performance of .municipal work about the town. This is d monstrous ;wrong . ,of course, -for it degrades the. prison workers .in a \- matter never contemplated in their, sentences, and l it also, takes the brca,d from the honest laboring men aiid -those who depend on' him for support., .Some time.ago Mr. Mudgee Haynes bro,light a sim ilar, trouble in his constituency before the Goverii rment, and receive a distinct promise . that an en deavor would be made to have portions of the heavy and costly, contracts for military and police require .lneritsV transferred to . the Prison's. department Iwitli.a view; of its being brought up to the self-sup p'orting. line. TKis seems to have been pig jon-holed however, but .the cry from Albury will bring it well -.into notice'once more. . The matter is. one that is .beset with the greatest'difficulties.; for iio matter1 .what kind of work is 'done, in our .prisons some . trade will rise and protest against' it; and it. would of course, be out'of .the question to keep our crim inals living'.in idleness., * *: ' ? , ' As matters stand to?day. our prisons liave 110 ter rors whatever for', our' habitual criminals,. Many of our gaol-birds purposely ' commit '.some, trifling; crime in order to get'the 'benefitsthe gaol-h'os pital ;,pr of its comfortable sanitary treatment to jget them intd'good form ; or, as one of. the talent "remarked riot long ago ; " to sweat the bloomin' beer out' of; him." ''Over 'aiid'. over ohr hardened loafers on receivingathree or six months' sentence liave jocosely informed' the Magistrate that they could " do it on;their blopinin' 'eads !" and so long ascitis state of affairs is kept up we will have heaps ."of;trpuble with.our, criminal classes. , ' , " A similar trouble occurred riot long ago in Lon don ; when the prison diet; and lodging accommo dation therC was on the same sumptuoti scale as "bur own is to-daj^. Mr. Cross, Governor of the Cold batVpnson, undertook to .work a reform, and- he carried'it out iria'style that had the most beneficial results. For breakfast he ordered that the habit ual gaol-birds'' should receive 6oz. of bread' and a pint of water.: 13?o'r' dinner . the same was served withthe'addifcion of a pint of oatmeal porridge and 'tKyteawasbhe sameasth'sbre'alHasfc Picking oakum was the work dealt out, and instead, of having liis lovely hammock cot and warm, blankets to roll into at'night,'-tlie prisoner was 'furnished''with a bed made in the' shape of'a cros3 out of the hardest planks obtainable ; no bolster or pillows were al lowed, a couple of sheets, a rug, and a blanket for med the rest of the anti-luxurious fixings,""and the result was'that even the 'most hardened ruffians declared they would.rather work for their livings than stand a second "stritch" at the " bread and board" reformatory. In our gaol to-day prisoners live' like fighting cocks, and the clean comfortable quarters'provided for their lodging stund out with triumphant sarcasm when plac3d by the side of the miserable cheerless rooms occupied, by Sydney's honest starving poor.' We'should niaka prison life a terror for, our professional scoundrels at least,' and then we would hive far less gaol patronage by them, and hear very little about their ability to do a" six months'sentence "on their b!oomin"eads." * # * Another coo l young mati gone wrong, and yet another and the cry is still they go ; in fact it is a remarkably cold day just now when some fine young swell is not tapped on the shoulder by a 1).. and -invited to attend a Criminal Court matinee and explain I113 opinions' as regards the doctrine of meum et tnum. Civil Servants, bankers, and clerks in ceneral form the chief offenders in this line, and , . hi n *?> th- v. tli -'ir rnin. "Keeping up appearances, which means spending £5 a week in foolery out of a salary of 50s is one of the chief causes, no doubt, and the splen did facilities which the metropolis" offers to young men to indulge in gambling and other vices has a deal to do wtth the trouble also, but there is ano ther factor-especially in the case of Civil Servants which demands a prompt and decisive remedy. Mr. Stipendiary Addison struck this particular part of the trouble a hard knock the other day during the trial of the Civil Scrvice cricketer, Hicf dleston, when he said. As to the maimer in which these moneys had been dealt with in a public de partment, he should express himself too strongly if he spoke about it. Anything more irregular un der the same system he nover heard of. The bank book, which involved .£0000, never seemed to have been looked at, and it was never known by the de partment that there was au overdraft. Anyone disposed to rob could do so under such a loose busi ness system. * # # When the eats are away the mice liave high old times, and when the highly paid bosses of our state departments are doing the Melbourne Cup, or pie n icing about our lovely harbor, or the like, the cute clerk sees an opportunity to falsify a few entries and scoop the plunder. These men should be placed on their trial with the' clerks ; for their laxity is often the cause of their subordinates' ruin. It is easy to say that the latter should resist all tempta tion, but -lniman- nature is very weak, and the sight of an impoverisliad home on the one hand and a pile of unguarded gold on the other is often too much for a poor quill-driver to stand against, and so he starts oft'011 the track that sooner or later leads to the felon's cell. Like fish, our Government affairs always begin to go rotten at the head. * * * Considerable trouble has been experienced down here of late in church affairs also, for the row star ted on the school question by the Catholic prelate, Dr. Higgins, had barely blown over before our An glican friends became terribly exercised over the appointment of a fit and proper bishop to, fill tho vacant throne of Dr. Barry. After a' deal of deliberation the Rood Saumeriz Smith was honored with the call; which seems to show that this colony is a veritable Paradise for the fine old family of the Smiths. We have, now a. Smith for Governor, a Smith .for'Lord'Bishop, and two Smiths as Cabin et Ministers : which is a very fair, thing so, far as the Smiths arc concerned, and it is just about time they subsided and gave tho Jones's caravan a chance to sail in for the remainder of the spoil. : y * * # There seems to be a considerable hitch in the election of a Primate yet, however, and the, trouble crops lip in this'wayl Any'number of the clergy caa- beproposed to fill a vacancy but the list is soon cut down to three candidates chosen by clergy and laity. The bishops of this colony drop out a name, and then the Bishops of all the colonies drop out another, the remaining cleric being then tho bishop elect. If no names can be got in the sclect list then the Archbishop of Canterbury acts as referee, and the matter is settled by him. * * # In the recent case it seems that the three names on the select list were Smith, Chauvasse and Moule. The bishops of New South Wales appear to have dropped out Chauvasse and sent in Moule ? and Smith to all the bishops. According to Bishop Kennion, Smith Was dropped out by them, and Moule. .was, therefore, properly clected. Moule, however, declined to have this greatness thrust upon him ; consequently the majority of tho bis hops pitched. on Smitli and told him he was elected,-while the Dean of Sydney clinched the matter by announcing that Smith had won in St. Andrews. The rev. gentleman" has acccpted 'the post and says lie Avill start for his: new pasture ground in February next. ; On top of this we have the protest against the whole , affair sent in .by the bishops of Adelaide, Brisbane and Bathurst. By the Ordinances' rule the' bishops should' have ' two names, not one, before them at the final election, and as this was not attended to it seems as if the race should be run all over again, or tho decision of the cleric referee of Canterbury be accepted as Why don't we raise our own Bishops is, of course, to the front again as usual and in side thrustat clerical matters' in general 'tlic'i?. M. Herald \ia.s decided that we would probably have far - better preachers in onr piilpits if we paid;far better salaries. This* class of intellect engage'dldir1£Ii6"puTpits~thc stan dard of tho lay worshippers is apt to touch a, de cidedly low level also. This will lead to trouble similar to that which fell on a colored congregation of-Metho lists who, until lately, were led along the path of virtue by a very young but ambitious colored preacher. He was a fluent sou" of Ham," and the length of the theological terms he used to hurl at the heads of his flock was only limited by the length of time his lungs could hold out for "one effort. i # # * v' For a while,-: the Rev. Mr. Mesopotamia Pickles, as he was callcd, succeeded in stunning/his won-, dcring worshippers by his uumeaniitg ja\v:breaking words, but when Elder Jchosophat Jonsin found that the argument, if there was' any argument, was 'smothered in liifalutin Eounds, he callcd a committee meeting at which it'was decided to ask the man of big words to resign his charge. . # * * When this awkward intelligence was made known to -Parson Pickles, he indignantly asked (being a firm believer in the Herald's theory), " What dis yer confluent congregashsun expected fo'nothin?" Elder, Jonsin then observed, " Waal, now, doant'yoiisee, we duzzent egsackly expect ",A11 right, deu," shouted the preacher, "isn't my subloonery character away.up on yan above procrastinashun ?" " Dar's no truble about dat," chipped in Elder Mumps, " but do bredren says yer isn't fur enuf edjicated to " " Ain't cdjicated," yelled Mr. Pickles, "can't I talk thermothologically enuf to suit de moat rapaslius or deallygoricil followers " " Dat's jest it, sail," remarked Elder Jonsin, firmly, but re spectfully, "hold'right on to whar you is now. Yo' kin talk, an"yo' kin talk, but yo' don't pint out; yo' kiu argify an'yo' kin argify, we admit3 all dat, but yo' don't show wherin. Dat's wot's de mattah, sah,; an' yo' must considali ye'self dis lmsted from dis yer congregashun." And " dis - busted " the long-winded, big-worded pastor was. 