PASTORAL LETTER. The following pastoral letter, which was read in the Catholic Cathedral at Arrni dale last Sunday, has been handed to us by his Lordship Bishop Torreggiani for publication:—. F. Elzear, O.S.F.C., by the Grace of God and Bavour of the Apostolic See, Bishop of Armidale, to our very Revd. and Revd. Brethren the Clergy, and to our dear children the Laity of in the said Diocese, Health and Benediction the Lord. Dearly Beloved r Brethren and Children in Jesus Christ,— The Holy Ghost, speaking to us by the Apostle St. James, says; " The tougue is a fire—a world of iniquity—being set on fire of hell . . . for every nature of beasts and of birds and of serpents is ' tamed and hath been tamed of mankind, hut the tongue no man can tame ; an j unquiet evil, full of deadly poison."— j St. James iii., 0-8. Such is the instru ment of evil we all carry about with us ; the member of our bodies created to praise and bless God and to farther Hie glory has received more than other mem bets the stamp and sign current of the evil one. God bestowed on man.the gift of speech, and by it distinguished him ; from all other terrestrial creatures, that1 through man the whole earth might sing praise to its Creator, but this gift after the fall became the chief instrument of the sins that defile the earth. To remedy this evil, and to bring back Bpeech to its original use, God gave a special Command ment—" Thou shalt not bear false witness against thy neighbour." The sins against this law of God—as our catechism teaches us—are false testi mony or perjury, lying, detraction, and slander or calumny. But passing over for the present the awful sin of perjury and the too common but hateful sin of ly ing, I wish to direct your attention, dearly beloved, to the sins of detraction and calumny, which are, alas ' so common amongst us thai they seem no longer to ; be looked upon as sins, and yet none are more fatal to our own bouIb, none more injurious to our neighbours. Detraction j —according to the definition of the Church ; —is to speak evil of your neighbour in ; his absence in such a way as to diminish ; or deprive him of the esteem in which he is held, or to destroy or injure his reputa- , tion, and the grievousness of the sin is in proportion to the injury done. The first add greatest sin of this kind is that of : calumny, the imputing to another a fault or crime of which he is not guilty, either by word of mouth or in writing. It is the sin of the Jews who brought false witness to Pilate and caused him to con demn Our Divine Lord to the death of the Cross, and to this day the weight of the punishment of that sin hangs over the race of Israel. The calumniator shares in this awful crime and crucifies Our Lord afresh, hammering the nails and driving the spear through the living mem bers of His Body. The calumniator is worse than the or- j dinaiy -thief, inasmuch as he robs a man of his good name, which is of more value than money or auy other earthly possession. St. Bernard likens the calumniator and de- j tractor to a viper, and says that with a stroke of his tongue he kills three persons. He gives death to his own soul by the sin he commits ; he gives death to him whose character he takes away, because he robs him of his good name, which is his civil life ; he raises hatred in his hearth, which is the death of his soul ; and finally he gives death to those who listen to him by causing them to take part in liiB detrac tion. But many who are in the habit of speaking evil of their neighbour say in excuse that all they have said is quite true ; that they have not even exagger ated the sins of failings of which they have spoken. [ This may be ;—but they are no less I guilty of detraction, which is to disclose | the hidden Bins or faults of others ; to ; make public in a greater or less degree I what was before a secret between God and ! the soul. | Can anything be more contrary to the ; precept of Christian charity—" to do to j others as we would have them do to us"— ! than this readiness to gossip about the j faults of our neighbour? Do those who j are guiity of detraction consider bow pain ful it is to themselves to speak of their j own sins even in the Confessional, hedged I about as it is with inviolable secrecy ? Some others excuse themselves on the plea that they only repeat what they have heard, but the Holy Scripture tells us " Hast thou heard a word against thy neighbour ; let it die within thee."—Eccl. six., 10. And again: "The whisperer and the double-tongued is accursed." A calumny or detraction whispered to an other eren under promise of secresy leaks out sooner or later, and none can guess where its course will be stayed. The detrac tor may sleep years in his grave and be ut terly forgotten, and the effects of his whispered words may all the time go on spreading and fermenting and poisoning, until he meets it as a terrible accuser on the day of judgment. Again, many who are free from the grosser forms of de traction cannot be held guiltless of this sin. How often do we hear people im pute wrong motives to actions in them selves indifferent or innocent, and put a bad construction upon even virtuous actions 1 A careful servant, trusted by his or her employer, becomes prosperous the de tractor whispers about doubts as to honesty. A person is seen frequently visiting a certain house ; the visits may be purely from cbarity or friendship, but [ the detractor insinuates to one and to another that there were other and less innocent motives for these visits. Eveu the moBt piouB and religious persons are not exempt from such accusations. They frequent the Church and the Sacraineuts, and constantly and humbly seek help | from God to overcome tbeir faults, but i now and again they may be betrayed into impatience or other faults, and the de | tractor has not a word of praise for the good example they give in other respects, but with a smile and a whisper and a shrug of the shoulders, he will hint that " there are people who seem angels in Church but are devils at home," and la ment the hypocrisy of the Pharisee. There is yet another form of detrac tion described by the Psalmist when in spired by the Holy Ghost. He says : " His words are smoother than oil, yet are they sharp arrows." Such are they who under the guise of friendship insinuate j themselves into another's confidence, who | flatter and fawn and speak smooth words | for the very purpose of discovering faults ; or failings, which they may afterwards j make the subject of conversation and ! ridicule, if not of reproach. Others will { begin a conversation about their neigh j hour with words of praise and pity, and j end by disclosing some fault real or ima gined which they well know will be the one part of their conversation remem bered and carried away. The most exemplary men, the greatest saints, are not free from the detractor's tongue. Like loathsome flies they pass over the pure and wholesome flowers and fruit aud revel in what is impure and worthless. There is no man perfect on earth, but there are many whose good and holy qua lities ought to win our esteem and rever ence, and whose example we Bhould do well to imitate, but the small cunning eye of the detractor can discern only the speck of imperfection that still remains. Of this they speak, this they criticise, of this they complain. They are lilifc the stone from the mountain that destroyed the image of gold, silver, and brass. It is related in the Book of Daniel the Prophet that King Nebuchadonosor had a dream, and in this dream he saw a beauti ful and wonderful statue ; the head was of gold, the body and arms were of silver, the rest of the body was of brass and iron ; only a part of one foot was of clay. Whilst the king with astonishment and admira tion looked upon this majestic image, a large stone from the mountain behind it rolled down and struck the foot of clay, and this blow on the weakest part threw down aud shattered the whole statue. The gold and silver, the braes and iron, ground into dust by the fall, were carried away hither and thither by the wind. Thus the detractor has no notice for the gold of wisdom, for the silver of purity, the bronze and brass of patience aud in tegrity, for the Zeal and unselfishness of some holy pastor ; he sees only some real or fancied defect, the wisdom is pride of intellect, the purity is cold selfishness, the zeal is desire for his own glory, and so the detractor flings the stone of his poi soned tongue against the foot of clay, and the beauty and holiness and the reputa tion of a saint are ground into dust by the malice of those who can discern only what is of the earth earthly. And what are the motives of this sin of calumny and detraction ? Frequently it springs from I jealousy and hatred, or from envy of those | who are better or more highly esteemed than ourselves ; frequently from a desire to be thought amusing or interesting in conversation ; often merely from frivolity and love of gossip ; but whatever its mo tive its results and its effects are deadly. It is one of the cleverest devices of the devil, whereby he employs men and wo men'to do the work he cannot do himself. The detractor is his special agent on earth. An unbridled tongue is more like diaboli cal possession than any other sin. One who contracts this habit and indulges it seems almost to lose his free will; the whole being goes to the tongue—the eyes, hands," feet, mind, will, and voice minis ter to it, and find substance for its exer cise. And, alas, detraction is often the pe culiar sin of those who otherwise lead ' good and devout lives. The devil, in his , subtlety, finding them armed against; temptations, to anger, to worldliness, to impurity, beguiles them into this sin of ; detraction. Under the plea of hatred of sin and zeal for good, he tempts them to observe and lie in wait for the sins aud faults of their neighbour, to speak of them first with pity, then with contempt, until detraction gains the force of habit. We cannot be too much on our guard or too careful not to give way to this temptation, for of all sins it is most dif ficult to obtain forgiveness of this sin of j detraction. In the first place, we are apt | to forget our own words, and so do not ■ make them a subject of confession; in ; the second, if we have taken away our ; neighbour's good name we cannot obtain : pardon unless we make restitution, aud iu such a case it is far more difficult toq make restitution thau in one of ordinary theft, more especially where the calumny is true. And now, dearly beloved, having pointed out to you the evil oj this sin, I cannot conclude without suggesting the remedy. If we meditate frequently and regularly on our own faults; on the number, the weight, the shatnefulnes of our own trans gressions against the" grace and light we have received from Gbd ; on the easiness with which we fall into temptation ; on our own falsehood, our own conceit aud vanity and meannesses, we shall be less likely to dwell on the faults of others. Most people have some hidden sins and weakenness that they would almost rather , die than have them known, and if they . think of the day of judgment, when all | secrets are made manifest, their greatest j dread is the opening out before all the | world of these secret recesses of their ; souls. As we grow in grace we see our own ' faults worse and worse; the saints in heaven see us worse, our guardian angel sees us worse, and oh 1 how much worse we are in the sight of God. If we keep our minds full of such thoughts, we shall j grow more and more charitable to others ; i whereas now, perhaps, if we died at this | moment we should fiud ourselves lost for ever, because of our sins of detraction. Dearly beloved, I speak these words in all love and charity for you souls, as I would strive to deliver you from some terrible infectious disease about to creep around and destroy you ; as I would save you from some horrible danger hanging over you of which you were unsconscious. Let us strive aud pray and-fight with this sin until it is rooted out from amongst us. What is not possible to our poor hu man nature is not only possible but easy, with the grace of God, and He will give us strength, if we seek it|%Ao conquer our " n hCTe tongues, to train them hire on earth so to keep silence and so to speak that tliey may be fitted one day to sing His praises through all eternity. " The Grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, the Charity of God, and the Communica tion of the Holy Ghost be with you all." Amen. (2 Cor. xiii., 13.) Givan at our house, Armidale, this 1st day of Feburary 1889, and appointed to be read in all the Churches and Cha pels of the Diocese on Quinquagesima Sunday, March 3rd, 1889. The Geueral Collections for the Diocesan Mission Fund to be made on the first Sunday and subsequent Sundays during Lent. E. Elzear, O.S.F.G., Bisliop of ArmidaJe. The Toowoomba Chbo>"icle says :—We regret to announce the very unexpected demise of Mrs. H. E. Mills, the third daughter of the late Mr. T. G. Robinson, of Toowoomba, and sister of Mr. W. R. Robinson our well-known citizen, which took place at her residence, Toowong, near Brisbane, on Thursday morning at 5 o'clock. It is little over a year since Miss Robinson was married, and now the news of her death comes with a sudden shock on all who knew her, for the de ceased lady was a universal favourite. The cause of death was we understand fever, which supervened on Mrs. Mills' accouchment which took place about a fortnight ago. The baby has been spared, but the mother has been taken. Our railways for the last quarter of laBt year earned Gfd. per mile less than in 1887, and cost lGfd. per mile less. On these figures, therefore, the net saving is 4d. per mile. 