THE COUNTRY. WILLANDRA. ( October 12. A quarter of aa inch of rain has fallen since our last. The clover and other hetbageis in foil bloom, and now would oo the time lo cat it down for hay. Mr Egeson's prediction of a three years' drought is causing some con sternation. All the mora so oeoauBS his previous forecasts have been ful filled to the letter. Hiti advice to pre pare for the worst would be a wise policy to adopt even by those who bad little faith in weather prophets. A late Bishop of Melbourne would not pray for rain one dry year, because tho waters that might have been oonserved wetu allowed to rnn to waste. Bis Lordship declared not to tempt Provi dence, and people must suffer for their own negleot. The other day I observed atlock of -vVyadra sheep pass over a plot of herbage that 1TBB up to their backs. The result was aB if heavy iron rollers had levelled it to the ground I couldn't help thinking had the mow ing machine passed over it what a fine lot of huy would have been secured, besides giving clearance for a new crop of graBB to gaow. Fancy miles of coun try as rich and luxuriant as that plot, which is actually, the cose this sea BOn. I learn that: the new store premises in Hillston arejnow completed, and they are being filled witb general merchan dise and will be- ready to open on the 19th. There are four large merchants now in that new municipality of dif ferent nationalities. Opposition iB the life of trade. Several other buildings are in conrse ofereotion. lt is said that Hillston has a great fiture in store, and that it is destined, owing to its geo graphical position and its rich pasture lands, to become the great Lachlan centre. An emnlova on lYfnrrnwio eot bitten on the hand by a large centipede. The pain was most excruciating. Thoy took him . to the dootor, aud on the way dosed bim with brandy and rum. The pain lessened after every swallow. By the time they reached Hillston the agony had considerably abated, and the contorted mnscles of the poor fellow's face had assumed a less fierce aspect. ' Ton have been drinking,' said the medico, ' I have on tho way in.' ' Ah then, I conldn't have ordered you any thing better as a cure. Uo and drink more.' And the patient went and did. That night he couldn't ' stand his lane.' Result: Next moraing centipede venom nentralised, and in the estima tion of the patient the doctor was the verv befct man in- the wida nrnnfinn A well-known Hilhtoniau bad been out, at Mount Hope, He was tiding homeward at a brisk rate when bis steed suddenly came down. He was thrown to earth with some violence, and lay there unconscious for a time. When he came to himself his horse lay be side him with one leg sticking out in //l^aah a fashion as indicated that the 1 imb was broken, an 1 the animal wonld never again be able to' rise. The rider escaped with a bruised shonlder, so thinking the animal would be of no more use he shouldered the saddle and aped as fast as he conld to the nearest place, which was four miles away. 'When near there he heard a noise be hind him. and on looking round, be hold 1 it was his disabled horse which followecj. He could scarce believe his ?yes, and had it been after nightfall be would have dropped the saddle and taken to his heels to proclaim tbe sensational story that the ghost of fiis horse had chased' him.- To ' bis great satisfaction he was able to saddle and mount. Moral : Don't get too inti mate with that capricious fellow, John Barleycorn. He makes one see things that aie not, and to believe' things that never were. Under his spell one man cannot see thrpngh ? the rungs of a ladder ;:another can '.see a haystack in a tussock of grass, or a mountain in an ant hillock. Confound those buzzing, fizzing, impudent, restless, worrying, torturing flies. They are here in swarmB. O how they tickle and tease from the rising, to tbe setting sun. -Not a moment's respite from them all da; ] long. - now nappy wonia i De dia * Biddy but show to me the same affec tion these insects do, all bnt the bunged eye they have given me, which has been closed these two days, and is aa big as a small turnip^ You must excuBe if ? I dot my t'e and Btroke my i's, aa I see crooked and round a corner jast now. I believe that to have the use of only j-t0 one eye hereabouts in summer time is to be in the laBhion, Flies all day and mosquitoes all night. How happy and | glorions t Apropos of the fishing expedition I Blinded to ia my last. It wasn't so fishy alter all. The feast of reason and flow of soul was heartily eDjoyed, bnt fish would not take. loan only account for it on tbe hypotheses, .of a similar fishing party of both sexes at Toganmain last year. Perfection, in tbe shape of several Cleopatras, Blood on the bank and was mirrored ia the waters below. The fishes were so dazzled with the brightness of theee queenly forms, that they could not bite ; it took them all the time to admire. I would not.lik# to take an affidavit that, that was not . the matter with onr fishes here on the occasion referred to. You- don't believe it) Well, don'i. If the fishus- were not enamoured, 1 was myself, there 1 ' . ; 