LETTERS FROM ALLIGATOR LAND. No. 21. Tho Melbourne Exhibition, quorum pars magna fui. Yes ; I was an object lesson asso ciated with that great enterprise, which drew from the only Parkes congratulatory tears of complimentary allusion to the abnegating pride with which he saw its honor and Psofit— with a largo P, if you please— confined to the youngor and more ambitious sister colony. Oh, how sisters do lore each other 1 Did you ever see the entrance into a family of marriageable daughters of the first eligible young man ? During what may bo termed his Inchoate stage —that is to say, survey bofore selection— and while he is putting on the airs of a contem plative wolf mentally appraising the respective plumpness and flavor of each female lambkin, bow they play and gambol, what sweet, arch, looks pass from Fanny the merry to Amanda the grave. How tho poor piano is tortured with stock pieces. How Eliza once more, despite her usual cold, caught on Min- den's Bnow-crowned heights, wheezes out with depressing effect that somewhat mourn ful melody. How Julia, who is romantic and has fine eyes, attitudinises before the window and regards the moon with such rapt gaze that one wonders if she is suffering from unripe peaches or if lunacy lies dormant in hor blood. How all the family ghosts are carefully put away. How Charlie, who is a dissipated larrl- ken, sits down quiotly with a book and makes no reference to the seamy qides of his ex perience. And pa, who bo blithe and debonair ? Mako yourself at home, my boy. Wo are not rich, but we're happy. Not a word about that little p. n. renewed for tho tenth time yester day. No reference to time-payment for furni ture, worn out and throadbare before final settlement. No querulous complaints touching burnt toast, weak tea, fiat beer and a never- finding infinitude of shoulders of mutton— that horrid dish, fit only, as Thackeray declared, for making glue. Oh no, but playful hints of bygone days, when we, too, were in the golden glamor of youth and kept in or out, walking underneath suburban frondage long after orthodox hours, under the specious pretext that the flying foxes shrieking overhead were bnt crows somewhat lata in returning to roost. And ma, that poor faded 44 sidolon" of memory, whose pulses once beat responsive to onr own ; whoso merriment was archer far than Fanny's ; whose sweet tones thrilled old ballads such as '4 Robin Adair " with tasto and expression de nied to poor EUza, whoso eyes outshone the pooed pathos of Julia— what says ma, a9 she sits with a passing smile and watches the little comedy going on. Poor ma, years before Mona Caird vexed this sublunary sphere, stem facts responded to her oft-suppressed cry, "Is marriage a failure?" Still, despite ex perience that man is not the god painted by her youthful imagination, but a featherless biped of uncertain whims, irritated by cold mutton and contradiction, tbat pallid mother, prema turely aged by care and child-bearing, would repeat her life and rest content with the occa sional brief sunbeams of joy by which it has been illuminated. And the young man ap praises himself at his full value, with that damnably demure modesty and hesitation which is the quintessence of conceit, until from some uuexplainable triviality of gesture, expression- or affinity, bis mind, now lightly turned to thoughts of love, is made up and, Sultan-like, my lord throws' the handkerchief of unmistakable preference. And then, if de cency suffices to repress it till his back is turned, tho row commences and embroils In its angry vortex all who approach (the scene. May hap if he has luckily chosen the elder, the very fitness aud claims of seniority subdues aught but a not unnatural envy ; yet, if from sheer cussedness of contrariety he has ignored Fannys smiles and more extended domestic experience in favor of Julia's eyes or stomach ache, do not jest at this, for hypochondriacs often end their ailment3 byjlove, 51', I say, he has fallen to Julia's bow or Eliza's sear, then look out for mutual recriminations and commissions of family inquiry sitting in a perpetual commit tee of the whole to ascertain by what unholy art the magic of youth and umobtrasiveness has won. And Julia or Eliza weep upon the young man's best shirt front, confiding to him the trouble, and making but a faint protest when tbat manly Cupid argues in favor of leaving the paront for the cbnnubaal nest. Pa i9 glad to have tho thing over— his comforts are interfered with by visits at fre quent and untimoly hoars. Meals are disarranged. Things arc kept in azi unwonted and annoying state of orderliness. Ma is not sorry to bring matters to a climax. Bhe dreads an outburst of Julia's temper or Eliza's somewhat sluggish negligence. She knows there's . many a slip botween. the cup and tho lip... She fnlly recognises that maids, like oysters, are host fresh. Sho has heard that one marriage makes many. Father is thin and fidgety. His meals 'suffer from un wonted expenditure in gloves and what he calls fal-lals. Bo tho die in cast, jtho day fixed, the victim led to the altar. Theaicomes thelnaian. summer of the mother-in-law's existence. Families have of course two mothers-in-law— ono appertaining to the wife, .one to the hus band — yet 8omobow comment .as a rule is con fined to ono. This Indian summer dates from the first anticipation of maternity. If thcro should be two " Queens of Brentford if, tbat is to say, the young man's, mother and Julia's mother — assuming he married Julia — should both be alive, what battles royal ensue. The nagging skirmishes which followed the young man's selection pass into nothingness beside the heavy social artillery wielded by these experienced matrons. The science of medicine is invoked. Each combatant has her own apostle of modicine, as old port wino drinkers had their favorito vintage. The mother-in-law on one side favors homoeopathy, tho mother-in-law on tho other side views charlatanic treatment, as she terms it, with supreme scorn, and swears by allopathic practi tioners. Women in the experience of one wero severely let alone, and where, says the advo cate ot this order of things, will you find ma'am, finer children than mine without a spot or blemish npon them. Julia, poor girl, has a faint scar which she and her family called a dimple; but Julia's manner is equal to the occnsiou, and blaudly owns that her gossip's children are fine, but that though Julia is not what people call a fine girl, Julia's sisters-in- law stand 6ft. Sin. in their stockings, and have teeth which project so as to guard their lips from assault like a barbed fence. Though Julia is, she says, not a fine girL or coarse, but delicate and unused to rough living or bard, manual labor, all cuts at Julia's mother- in-law, she (Julia's mother) knows her constitution bast and must insist npon treatment adapted to it. Thus goes on the war, day after day, with painful iteration, until the expected event takes pla:o and Baby, likewise in large letters, is born. X'heu arrives a bright phaao of that varied skuln known as human nature. There lies the pale wifo, whose brow i9 decorated with the golden cincture of motherhood, whoso glories gild and dignify tho Hues wrought by recent pain. Close-nostlcd to her life-giving bosom snuggles that pride and care, a child' ; with what possibilities before it. Thus lay the young Cccsar in his mother's arms when happy fate gave no prevision of tho fatal knife. Thus lay the Thraclan shepherd's child, with wondering solemn gaze, but recking not of futmro diadem Thus have lain, and will lie, all of us- and those to follow us, until in a second childliood or by happier fortune, long before, we fall into the brooding bosom of our final and primtal mother Earth. But this particular baby, like Julia in ante-natal days, puokera its scarlet '-wrinkled face into a lusty cry. "It's wind," .affirms one matron; "givo it peppermint." i4 It's that horrid bandage," says the other; "the child's black in tho face." And- so tho war renews ; but before tbo mother's face ? No. Both at that sacred shrine, which hn9 with wailing, brought Into the world a soul, hang with fond care aronnd the bed. and minister to every passing want or mood with unselfish care, renewing with fresh zest the broil at the earliest chance. And the annta on promotion as a great favor nro permitted to inspect the stranger. Every female gossip calls and utters the statutory lio that so fine a child was never peen before. The father, in stock inged feet or list shoos, is allowed to light tho torch of love by a brief kiss and to dangle, red and more than half ashamed, his heir. This prodi gal performance past let him retire to an ob scure hiding-place, as of less than no account. Be his Belf-communings what they may, unless liis soul be secured by an obdurate heart, his eyo must falter with tho consciousx2S9 of crime. He may, with impudence, regain his wife's con- donement. Love will pardon much. With all others of the sexes he is for the time a thing abhorred, viewed by the kindliest hear even with pitying contempt His sisters, whose budding honor as aunts, sbonld inspire gratitude at least, treat him with flippant contumely, mingled with surprise. Fat, lusty women, smelling of beer, cake and damp umbrellas, contemptuously staro him out of countcnannnce and audibly drive him from his favorite seat by stage whispers on to the awkwardness and tactless obtrusivesess of men. Urchins, in awe of whispering, sarenado him with variations of " Aint it nica to be a Father." The nurse, fateful ogre and autocrat of the house, plainly regards him as a suspect, and with trae feminine inconsistency, though, on the score of youth and inexperience, disposed to regard this innocence as an unconscious faxux past not to be repeated, and only on that condition to be pardoned, glares at him as if he had committed a Bulgarian atrocity. So he Bmokee the pipe of moody silence, retires to rest in a truckle bed and issncs to his oifico in tho morning with tho air of a Lothario sneak, rumpled linen and dirty boots. One, of course, writes for the oi pilli" not tho " creme tie la crems " of Potts1 Point. Iu that halcyon haunt of luxury and wealth the advent of one child more or less is of small account. The formation of a colo nial aristocracy has been indefinitely deferred. Protectionists and freetraders alike view with suspicion any interference with the euphony of Bnrko and Debrett. Ridicule, with its fatal chill, b would-bo wearers of shoddy titles. The' Duke of Darlinghurst leads one's thoughts to the late Louisa Collins, with many another unfortunate charge of Reid's. Lord Merino, Baron Shorthorn lie yet in the womb of the future. Even Parkes with a title and the Kiama ghost for a cfest wonld excite mirth. Yet there is a deal of human nature about humans. The parvenu was not far wide of the mark who retorted to sneers on his bran new honor that the sole distinction between him and the wearer of hereditary distinction was ho made it, whilo they snccceded to it. Talk of the petty side of life as seen through an in verted telescope, nnd what is it bnt the microcosm of a Court ? Turn up the memoir of Bt. Simon, the diary of that intense snob, Grcville, the incomplete tattle of Madame Rdmnsat. Then, though the stage may be grander, the bully, sharper, rogue, harlot, chartalau and fool stalk in lower life. The old saw, Ccclum non an imam mutantt still holds good. The Court of St. Giles is ex changed for the Tnileries or Bt. Jame9, Phyrne is clad in now instead of second-hand silk, the bully bears a sword instead of a bludgeon, the sharper plays the confidence trick for the prizes of diplomacy instead of pots of beer, the charlatan dupes princes instead of peasants, the fool sports fashion instead of fustian, but is the self-same fool whom you may bray in a mortar without fair issue. Look at the grand monarch" whose word was law to trem bling nations. What was his carking care ? That Nature denied him an additional inch or two of height. Neither towering wig nor high- heeled shoes set at rest his ambitious soul, though a wondering multitude watched his sacred mouth swallow honored sustenance and the Bayards of a chivalrous age fought to dis charge the meanest offices of life. His mistress and his priests divided his last cares. His corpse was spurned In order that his conrtiers might flock to bow the knee at that rising sun, his successor. He had at any rate a kingly port, a gracious manner and a high ambition. If sieges were protracted so that he might wear the laurels of actual surrender, if battles were fought and blood shed to gratify a passing fancy of tho damo who for the nonce enjoyed his transient favors, there must still havo been something of tho . man about him, for ho was loved by the fair Yaliiere, and till his death successfully imposed upon the world. What shall we say of George ? He tho fourth, the — God help us— first geotteman of Europe ! False friend, craven foe, take him as depicted by ono whose lifo lay in the stifling, foetid breath of courts. There is no moral typhoid more deadly than that engendered by filthy lanes and ac'cumulated dirt. It rages in kingly courts and kills honor. George was its high priest. His handsome exterior bid a shrivelled soul. His ambition rested at the pattern of a waistcoat. He deceived Perdita and con tracted a secret marriage with ono of her many successors. He gambled and shirked bis debts of honor as of love. Ho drank and boasted on tho fumes of wine. Is there anything more ludicrous, were it not so pitiable, than his con fidence and braggart Bobadilisms when half- bemused ? He whose participation in bloody contests had been to seo a main of cocks or watch two pugilists batter each other ; who had never set a squadron or drilled a battalHon, oven on tho peaceful fields of Bagshot heath, would argue with the hero of a hun dred fights and contradict the veteran of Apsloy House as to the incidents of Waterloo. This befrogged, gouty warrior of an hundred drinking bouts, this, as Brammel termed him, 44 fat friend" of Carlton House, when very drunk, detailed how ho had rid den down Milhand's cuirassiers and driven from tho field the brilliant cavalry of Napoleon's gnard. Leaving him and turning for a moment to the greatest general of the age, to one of the as yet unequalled trio, Hannibal, Cce3ar, and Napoleon — tho Napoleon the first — do we fare better? Born to command, he was in intellect fit for tho proudest throne. With ragged, haltatarved legions he drove the veteran troops of Europe iu trembling hasto before him. His blow struck like the hammer of Charles Marlct. Ho revolutionised the art of war. He formulated the strategy omployed with such effect by Moltko ; his eagles flow from Notre Dame to Vienna and Berlin ; ho, with a vilo patois, an ungainly movement, au abrupt, dis courteous manner, by the very force of genius, imposed his rule on an inconstant, capricious race of men. Ho put down revolt with a hail storm of grenades ; he survived more fatal hazard— that of poignant wit and family indiscretions. He felt, it is true, that man mast fall, and his fall was self- caused. Hie ambition ovcrleapt Fortune's most indulgent mood. But fancy the man who, emerging from a petty Oorsican village, hampered by debt, with out patronage or the superficial graces .which win patronage, conld wado through the blood of his future subjects to a throne and wage Titanic war with an out side world in arms. The snows of Russia, the obstinacy of tho sea-girt isle, laid low hie power, but his famo us a warrior is built in im perishable material and will last to all time. Yet read his inner life, study the man as separate from the monarch. His impassable devotion to a policy of self, to which truth, honor, justice, mercy, law and mankind must bow. He may have loved Josephine, with her frivoloui, grace ful languor. Bhe was bat a victim sacrificed on the altar of his needs, aud with this holocanst to ambition his star of success paled beneath tho horizon. Tho Queen of NaplcB, with hor vanity, the Duchess of Berg, Joseph and Jerome, Louis and Hortcnse. The gravo old mother who watched her progeny of kings with doubtful faitb, the businesslike remonstrances to Josephine, jealous of the crowd of passing loves who successively trooped beneath their Sultan's capricious gaze. The lies to Foucho with con trasting lies to Talleyrand, The hysterical faints of one princess, causod by a second princess wearing pink instead of green, Napo leon's brutal criticisms in his court, matched only by the cautiously whispered rejoinders of his courtiers. The peculation .required to feed theso mushrooms of his corrupting will . . . . what has this to do with alligators and the Melbourne Exhibition ? "What a cloud of recollections and reflections press for utterance. Yet prior to wagging tho garrulous tonguo of uarrativo lot mo dispose of one critic who has been pleased to object to - the heading of theso two letters. After, in an im- becilo and insulting manner— this is a goak— covertly concealed by pseudo-compliment accredited them to a well-known and popular politician of Northern Queensland, as it auy politician could so lose his identity, he takes exception to the title rOlo of 41 Letters from Alligator Land," and offers several insane sug gestions of amendment. His selection is deter mined in favor of 44 Mango Land." Just fancy Mango Land. How quickly in theso days of syndicates it would naturally slip into "Mungo Park," aud serve only to convey tho idea that The Daily Telegraph was iu league with a tropical George Robins and in some occult form trying to foist upon the public lCpcrch allot ments on Ross' Creek, with a native basking beneath n mango bush on each lot, sucking tho lnsclona fruity pulp and vexing with its stones another native, a relative of mine, who lay extended on the surface of the stream with open smile expectant of snch goods as the gods might provide. For Mango Land, Mungo Park, Banana Land, or, as I prefer to call it, Alligator Land, is not free from tho beasts of prey who stalk unsuspicious humanity be neath the tempting shield of a small freehold. Nor is Townaville, from whence this protest emanates, ignorant of tho art of subdivision. Yet is there a grim humor in the objection, a personal sensitiveness as it were. Amidst the many malign holicfs curront against tho distinguished family to which I belong, is one, not the least prominent, to the effect that tho alligator is afflicted with an insati able maw, and under no circumstances of profuse gorging knows satiety. Take my word for it, this is a lie, and if wo occasionally swallow stones, it is for digestive purposes, and not as a rebellions test of our gastric juices. But here is where tho personal joke and implied impeachment comes in. If ever a place and people typified the accepted version of saurian personality, Townsville supplies locality and residents. Her cry has ever been for more, more, until successive Govornments havo grown weary of her pretensions, and tho colony in general flouts her insuffi cient aspirations to northern predomi nance. She is the alligator of fablo, monstrum , horvens, in/rime, 1 ngens cui lumen a&mpJum;, which may be colloquially translated as the greedy saurian with eyes closed to fair division of political spoils. While, as to in gratitude, look at tho manner in which she treated John Murtagh Macrossan at the last general election, placing him second on tho poll after 16 years' devoted identification with her interests. Fangb, tho writer of sncli nonsense cannot be a truo exponent of public feeling, but must bo somo remote ally of the saurian family, low down in tbo scale, and utterly incapacitated from Bharing the higher attributes of a contemplative philosophy which recognised tho need of & Moses and viewed the babo with indulgent eye when hidden in its ancient haunt, the papyrus- fringed bank of the Nile. Bat a trace ttj this digression. My political principles, erroneously no doubt being at variance with the protcctive- cum-freetrade Cabinet-makers who lord it over my native land, I had much diffi culty in getting a free pass to the Exhibition, and did not attempt tho hopeless task of procuring an appointment as honorary commissioner. I claim no merit, however, for tho latter abstinence, as my pride, though small, was too great to court inclusion in the hertero- geneoua mob occupying the position of doubtful glory. How I got to Melbourne shall be told in my next. Urgent private affairs of a mourn ful character close this lotter. 