TALE. In a Cleft Stick. A lonely hamlot in tho depths of a Mo ravian piuo forest. It consists of but fivo low cottages, built of rough stones and thatched with straw. For light tho peasants bum pino logs upon tho hearth. Tho fliolc cring gleam of their redflumeB sliinos through tho small windows nnd ia lost in tho gloom of tho forest. ? 1TI10 summer uight is dark with olouds, nnd tho moon has not yet risen. Tho wind soughs softly over tho tops of ( !: c pines, othorwiso all around reigns die complotost 'Btillnoss. In a Hinull room in ono of tho cottages fivo men sit around a rough table playing cards by tho ' light of tho pino-logs and smoking ?short wooden pipes. Thoy aro, ail of them, of middle ago, between forty nnd fifty, brownod with the sun and tho wind. Their boardlcss faces are covered with wrinkles, and their bristling hair is out short.' ? They wear 1 roughly-knitted, homo-mudo jerseys, and aro borofootod. '?In u eorneer of tho room u woman aits on a wide bed, rooking with her foot a cradle in ? which a baby is asleep. Two biggor children ? sleep on the bed bohind hor. Tho woman has ? a rosary in her hands und iB tolling hor beads. ' Tho men do not speak, excopt when tho gamo requires it. Thoy aro playing for marks only which they rauko with a pieco of chalk upon ' tho tablo. Tliu monotonous amusement lasts an hour or two. Mcuawhilo, tho woman has laid herself down on tho bod and gono to sloop. At length the old, smoko-staincd woodon clock strikes olovon with u dull sound, re sembling that of a cracked glass. As if at a word of command tho men riao at onco from the benoh, and shufllo softly from tho Tho lust of thorn, a man of middlo hoight, wVo limps cm ono foot, carefully puts out tho firo. This is tho owner of the cottugo, Scokan. Outiido his companions waitedin tho yard. Ono of them had in his hands four rods, ' each about throe yards long, bent in tho form of a bow, and a polo. All wore some thing fastened at their sides which looked liko u bug. Whon Scokan had taken from under tho caves a Httlo, roundish buudlo of rods and another lonpr polo, ho also fastened a bag at his eido. That done, ho whistled to a small dog to come out of his kcnnol, and then thoy all loft tho yard togothor Sonkan olosing tho goto carefully, so that tho dog should not got out. Leaving iho road at onco, they entered undor tho dark vault of tho lirnnchos of tho groat pino trees. Not a word was spokou among thorn. For half an hour thoy passed on, following Scokan, sometimes through tho the thick woods, sometimes through now plantations, where tho branches of tho young treos beat roughly against thoir fucos. At last thoy eamo to a httlo brook that wound its way through tho thiokots. Thoro Scokan stopped. ' Slates,' ho said in a low voico, ' wo will stop hero and rest, so that wo nhallnotgo heated into tho water.' They ull sat down on tho spongy moss, un able to sco ono another in tho dark. 'Listen, mateB,' wont on Suoknn. 'I have heard a report. You know, mates, that wo havo worked togothor these twolvj years, and up to now they havo not caught any of us. But yesterday o'vening I heard nomo ? thing.' ' What then ?' asked two voices. Tho third man was silent. 1 You know Frantishka, who was my wife's friond, iB in service with tho bailiff.' ' Ay, what then ?' uBsentod again tho two ? voico 3. ' Yesterday my wife went with hor to ves pers, i-nd Fruntishku told her that thoy say that wo ought to keep un oyo on you, Zinku. Thoy say that yesterday morning you were talking for a long time, with tho bailiff und tho forester at tho oflieo.' Tho man who had hitherto kept silonco, answered quickly, 'I wont to Iho olfico to pay tho rent.' ' ButFrantishkj, says that you wero there a long time.' ' Scokan, you are not fooled by a woman' s ohattor,' answered tho man who wub ad. dressed. ' All theso years we havo worko,-] togothor you havo novor doubted mo. Thn ' forester was thoro only by ohanoe.' ? Woll, mato, I did think it vasjust.woman chatter,' agreed Scokan. ' I don't believo it.' ' Nor I,' said tho other two. ?? ? I havo only told you, mates, that thoro was Homothing said,' replied Scokan easily. ? Now wo aro cool, lot us go down to_tho mere. We can jump tho stroara easily just below here.' . . Tho men woro poachers, ana to-mgnt woro going to oatoh carp in ono of tho Count's ? m'er.09. Thoy hud b*en thithor often onough '.'.-.\efora, thoy nnd the yillagors, too. For 'nhoy ull poached — in winter, gtuno, and in xafi summer, oarp ; stealing out at night when tini? moon ioso late, from their quiot cottages bdgiho lonely woods, to return at dawn, soak ??pain yBti and numblod with cold ; bent somo hind twith tho ? weight of tho carp in tho to mar0 their backs, and sometimes with tho nover o\a gunshot, and somotimes leaving bo jf uny0ni on tho forest paths drops of blood :.-, Tli8yc their stsps. Now and again a man -of thoir |rao homo at all. inff was I °^ thora had no oeoasion to poach. ? ??!?- '* ?'* ??j*u'4 livowoll enough on tho produot Melds and meadows. But tho poach ji passion with thorn, Of thorn all, .hoiuo.it' during nnd the most oxpeiiouccd | : tvas the limping Scokan. What a number 1 jf carp that man had takon homo from tho - Count's fish ponds for his children to eat ! His wifo aleo Hecretlv took the fish round for sale. The uoighbouriug country priests bought them for Friday, tho schoolmasters, und sometimes tho gentlefolks in tho neigh bouring towns. By means of this trade with tho Count's carp, tiooknn uud iiis companions wcru piling up a uico Httlo hoap of florins. The highest ambition of tho Count's gumo keepcra whs to cntoh Scokau in tho act. But all thjir ingenuity had been hitherto in vaiu. He always got away. I The poachers roso and groped through the dark to tho edge of tho stream. They know the p'.aco well. Threo of thoir. had already junked the brook. Only Zinku remained. Thin he jumped, too but, alighting on his right foot,- gave a sudden shriek of paiu. Tiifc name ina'.antliu ohodcod himnolf and was silent. '! What's hupponod, Zinku?' asked Scokan quickly. ' i jumped on the stump of a troo, and have Until my foot.' In fact, ho had jumped barefooted on tho stump of a young pine, which hud been fawn halt through and broken off. A sharp splin ter stood up Hko a finger, and had pierced tho solo of his loot. 'lit puins me fearfully,' moaned Zinku. One of the poachers toro off a atrip ubout four iuohos wido from the edgo of liis bag und gave it to /inka, who bound his wound with it, and having picked up hi* rods, limped uf tor his mates. 'My_ wound will got washed in the water, und after a few days it will bo quite woll,' ho comforted himself, boaring tho keen pain with the quiet philosophy of a rough nature, not a Httlo assisted by tho fact that he hud somothinjr heavier than tho pain weighing upon his mind. Alroady ho had sot down his wound as a judgmont como upon him for tho treachery of which ho hud been guilty against hia mutes. ' For ho was lead ing liis friends, with whom ho had poached over sinco he waa a lad, and moro particu larly bin old, faithful, true mato Scokan into a trap which tho Count's gumo-koopori) had soc. Only tho day boforo tho Count b bailiff had sei t fur him to como to tho ollice, and thoro had said to him dryly and shortly: 'Ziuka, aU tho world knows that you poach with Seokuu. Now, if you will not toll us whou whero Scokau gooa for the fish, so that wo can take him in tho aot, understand this — tho timo is coining round for tho conscrip tion. Your only ison will have to stuud, nnd wo will havo him enlisted, without any ehauco of his gottiiig off. You will not see Mm, Zinka,|forfourteon years— porhaps nover agaiu.' Tho bailiff'n threat struck Zinku dumb. 'Now, if you will toll us,' continued tho bailiff, ' whim uud whoro that old roguo goes poaoliiug, and wo cutoh him, I will got your son off from tho oonscription for ever.' Zlnku, and his wifo had no child oxcopt Tomush. Dearly thby loved him, and often they talked to each other how they would givo him a cottugo und marry him, nnc1 reokoned up whotlior thoy hud put by money onough. Already thoy had their eyes on several peabants' smart young duughterswho would do for him. But tlio conscription*! Fourtoon yours in tho army ! Zinku knew vory well that ho had been for somo time in ovil odour With tho bailifl' for his pouching, and that it waa out of rovengo that tho bailiff would got Tomash enlisted. Well, ho could save Toinush. But ho must botray his old and faithful mate. To steal carp out of the Count's moro — in that Zinku saw no harm at all. But to botray his muto, who helped him to steal tho carp, that scomod to Zinku tho vilest baseness and degradation. Tho conflict in tho poaohor's soul was ficrco. Against his friendship for Seokim, his instincts of a futhor battled hard, tell ing him that his first duty wus to his own flesh and blood. But for all tliut ho hesi ui ted. Tho bailiff saw it, and began to do soribo to him tho hardships and misories of tho fourteen yearn' military sorvico. 'For tho smallest neglect,' said tho bailiff, '«.«oldier has to run tho gauntlet, to bo wounded with swords in tho sides mid tho buck until his stops are printed in blool !' And of course tho soldior might como In mo a oripplo, with . only ono foqt, or withuut a liimd. ' Your honour,' broke in tho voioo of poor terrified Zinka, 'tho Lord's will must bo done. ThiB iH a mean shameful deed. I lenow it. But I will do this to save my son. It would bo tho death of his mother if thoy took him uway.' Tho baUiff smiled quietly, patted tho poacher on tho shouldor, and said, ' You aro a good and worthy tenant of his lordship's to givo information ugainbt these peoplo who rob him. Now toll mo when and whero will Sookan bo going for tho fish ?' ' Your Honour, to-morrow at midnight wo aro going down to tho big mere,' ropliod tho poachor, in a trembling voioo._ Ho felt ut that moment aa if his heart was being crushod in a vico. ' Good. Tho forester will attend to it. If Scokan is caught thoy will lot you go. And,' ho added, ' thoy will know Scofcun by bis Hmp.' Then ho changed hid threatening tone for a ploasant ono, and set tho poacher at his onso, saying : ' Wo will got your son put down on tho Hat ns boing short sighted, and ho will bo clear of tho conscrip tion for evor.' Zinka thanked him for his kindness. Ho had still to oxplain which way tho xiouoltcrs would approach tho mcro. Aftor that tho builifl lot him go. On his way homo Zinka was vory unhappy ubout havitg betrayed his mato, but ho did his best to comfort himself with the assurunco that what ho had done was his duty to his son. But not a word did ho say about what had pasted, neither to his son nor to his wifo. And now ho waa on his way to tho moro with hiB mat28, with Scokun,who had been warned against him, but who nevertheless, beliovmg in hia provious fidelity , had given thn warn ing no oredenco. Ilia other mates trusted him, too, Novak andJurosh. JCinka was suro of it, and it pained him tho morn that ho had botrayed them. Thoy wero making their way now through tho thickets downward from the high ground. A fow hundred steps nnd thoy woro on tho edgo of tho wood. A narrow ribbou of mea dow lay boforo them, aud boyoud it, sur rounded with rushes and reeds, tlio black sur face of tho wido moro ; black becauso tho sky wnH strown with thick elouds, through which tho rays of tho radon, which had just risen, glimmered only now and then for a moment. Two of tho poachers undid tho bundle of rods which thoy had brought, bound them iu pairs in tho form of a cross, and fastened upon thoir ends btrong nets which they took out of thoir bags. Tho nets thus constructed they fastened to tho ends of tho two polos. A fow words spokon softly, and thon thoy silontly took diil'oront ways to tho different parts of tho mere. Tho moro, lying in a hollow, was iu tlio form of an auuto- angled (rianglo, whoso sharpest auglo pointed toward tho west. Tlio dam at tho other ond lay toward tho east. Tho poachers camo out of tho wood directly against tho apox of tho triangle . Sookau limped along tho nortneru sido, and with him Jarosh with tho net. On tlio southern uido woro Zinka and Novak. Thoy all looked for the places whero tho oponings ia tho bushes of forod a path into tho water. Thrco of tho poachers had no BURpicion that at that moment in tho thick, leafy branches of tho aiders, that stood dark around tho borders of the pool, and in tho shadows of tho tan glad willows, woro hiddon tho Count's gnmo Keepers and woodinon. Only Zinka know that and sorely tho upbraidings of his oon scionco tormented him. For a moment ho thought that ho might talro Mb matos away from, tho danger, but then ho remembered with u bhudder tho fourtoon years' military service and tho lost arms and logs. Whon ho reached tho pond, tho ohill of tho water was comfort ing to his fovored blood. Only fiftoen stops from the rushes tho wutor was clear, where :ho oarp come to feed in tho night. Tlicro tho poaohern lot down their nots, in which, ivhtn they were; after n nliortti:«e, lifted from tho water, thero woro nlwaya several large Mi. Zinka'Hlmnd trombled us ho lifted tho slip pery carp out of tho not and put them into his bug. Every instant ho oxpucted that tho gamo-koopers and woodmen hiding themselves amid thu alders would pre«ent themfelves bo foro liirt eyes. Novak's facp brightened with ploasuro at tho size of tho fiVh. Scokan and Jurosh wero fortunate, too. On both Hides of tho water tho carp were travelling rapidly out of tho mcro of thoir lord nnd master, tho Count, into tho bags of tho pouchors. In tho valley round tho mero not a sound of living thingjwas nudiblo : only tho roods bout by tho wind rustled togothor, as did tl o dark leaves of tho aiders and tho tangled brunches of tho willows bending down over tho rushes; and at a little dUtanco tho ceaseless whisper ing of tho pino forest was audible. Tho dark ness wafl intense But tho quick eyes of tho ponchera, accustomed to tho gloom, and prac tised to recognizo objects in the darkness, cautiously Htolo around, oven at the busiest moments of thoir labour, spying keenly, and soconded by sharp hearing, to observe tho ap proach of uny danger. Suddenly tho hoot of un owl sounded through tho silonco of tho night. It floated over to Zinka and Novuk from tho north. Both of them instantly, as if they hud been struck by a shot from uu iu visiblo weapoa, dropped thoir fish, Btooped down to their necks in tho water, and nid themselves against tho high reeds. A short timo, 'ind again tho hoot was repeated. Novak, crouched against tho rccdu, softly aud silently drew the net to himself, out olE tho net from tho rods with a knife, and twisted, it around his neck. Thou ho softly lot tho rods und polo go iu tho water. Ho know that tho hoot of tho owl had really como from Scoknn, who, in a dim shimmer of tho moon's rays peeping for a moment tluough tho torn olouds had seen with his quick oyo a gun-barrol glisten umoug tho brancoa of tho alders. In un instant ho hud guessed that tho mero was surrounded, ond had given tho owl's hoot as a warning sigu to his companions to tako fliirllt.. Cruuched against tho high reeds, tho poachers could not now boo what was boing dono around tho mero. Thoy could not boo tho gaine-keopers creeping out of tho thick bushes on both sidea, near tho apox of tho mcro, nor how thoy camo along tho bauks in order to cut off tho rotroat to tho woods. Tho forester and the gurao-keepors, in tho hands of ono of whom tho long gun had glis tonod, waited breathlessly to hear tho wator splash somowhero in tho pool. Thoy had ro cognized tho owl's hoot as an imitation und know that tliut was a sign for ilight uinong thu poaehera, whom thoy had seen arrivo and wade into1 tho pool. Tho ono of thorn who recognized tho limping Scokan had permission from tho forester to shoot at him. At tho others they woro not to shoot under any cir cumstance . Tho poiohors, guossin» that tho gaino keopera W' mid wait for thom near tlio upper part of th( pool, crouching down their necks iu tho wa! or, waded cautiously along by tho reeda iu an Joastward dirootion, downward to ward tho d im, in liopo of gotting out of tho more and t iking flight to tho wood. Saving t icir bags filled with onrp was not to bo thoi glit of. Thoy lot them go in. tho water, and.; tho carp struggled and wriggled iu tho bugs until thoy succeeded at last in get ting out thp same way thoy went in. Softly and cautiously tho poaoherVcrept along through tho wator, so as not to disturb it, lest thoy should bo botrayed by tho splash ing. Scok'nu and Jarosh, having waded first of all about a thousand stops by the sido of tho rushes; eropt out uf terward into tho deop. Thoro, hidden by tho darkness and by tho mist which roso from tho mero, thoy swam silontly straight forward in tho dark, where it was impissiblo for any human oyo to doscry them from) tho bunk, downward toward tho dum. Whion thoy roaohed it they oropt in among tho| alders, pushed their way through thom to the top of tho dam, crossed it on ull fours, uud I slipped down into tho thicket bo hind whero they wero safo. They wero not together, f Neither know anything of tho other. Scbknu, '.vith his lame log, hud got behind in j swimming'. At that moment tho wind for up instant clenrod tho olouds irom tho sky around tho moon, and thomoon, a fow days pant j;ho full, shone out clenrly over tho mcro and tho wido woods. Oil tho |,h ::'.'.: m sido of tho moro, about half way to tho dam, Novnk cropt out of tho xurtacis, leaped up on tho bank, nnd liko a frightened stag shot with monster strides across tho meadow into tho woods auddisip-' pearcd. Tho gamo-Keopers saw him plainly, but it was impossible to catch him. Ziuliu, too, had orept fur from tho placo whoro thoy had caught tho carp, and waited for tho clouds to cover tho moun to tako a similar flight to the woods. Bo was greatly distressed, both with anxiety about his com panions and with the pain that his wound pnvo him. Tlio baudugo had slipped oft it, nnd tho sand and tho mud had got iu. His foot had swollen considerably, aud pained him so cruelly that more than once howasnear swoou iug. Ho wetted bis faoo with cold water to keep away the fensution of fnintness. Mean while ho awaited momentarily, with a feverish terror, the report of a gun, which would bring down one of his mates either to tho earth or to the deptha of tho mero. Crouched up to liis neck in tho wutor aguinat tho lofty roods, ho folded hia handa, swollen with tho cold water nnd looking up into tho sky, iu which tho black olouds hurried in dark flight from west to oust, pntyed with a wild forvor, ? O God, givo my matos a chance of getting away safely !' Onco moro tho heavy olouds veiled tho scone iu impcnotniblo darkness. Zinka raised hiniHolf. But scarcely had he got upon liis feet when ho became awaro of a pain which scorned to mount from hi3 wound to his head It was impossible to trend upon that foot. But fly he must. Tho gamo keepers would lot him go if ho cried out, but that ho dnred not do, lcsthis mntcs should know that ho had botrayed thom. Anxious to avail himself of tho momentary gloom, ho waded cautiously out of tlio water and tho thiol*, stinky mud, and, parting with hia hands tho rustling weeds, emerged ut length on tho high bank and, limping, inndo hia way with long springs towards tho woods. Suddenly again the elouds broko. Tho moon shone out in all her brightness, lighting tlio mysterious dim woods, and gleaming iu silver threads upon tho mero, rippling be neath tho wind, Tho sudden britfhtnos filled tho flying poncher r.ith nlarra. AVith a great effort ho hastened with all his strength his halting atopa. At that moment a red light gleamed in hia oyes. In tho quiet of tho night tho roport of a gnu rang out Btartlingly, and rolled on, repeated by tlio echoes of tho wood till it finally died away. The moment after tho shot Zinka stumbled as if struck by light ing. In tho light of tho moon liis form stood out black against tho gray meadow oloao by u thicktt. Sovorol time1.' ho mustered himsolf by an effort, but at last rolled over, as a stifled groan broko from his lips pressed against tho dump moss. Then ovory thing was quiot nnd tho dark body lay still. Ncnr tho placo whonoo tho shot was fired a hort whistlo sounded and that woo unswored from tlio other sido of tho moro. It was the sign of tho gamo-kecpors that thoir hunt wus onded. ' That limping boast will givo us no moro trouble' ' Sookau f ' asked ono. 1 Ho rolled ovor ; didn't you soo f ' At lust !' said anotlior. Nono of thom wont no:ir tho woundod man lest lio should recognizo them, and givo ovidonco ugainst thom, or, raoro likoly, try to rovongo himsolf. Leaving tlio moro, thoy took their way homo through Iho dark woods. Tlio report of tho gun rnado tlio throo poaohors hiddon in tho thioket start. All of thom know tliut onu of their companions had been Kliot at! Sjo'kaii nnd Jarosb, hid den under tho dam, know that tho shot must havo been fired at Zinka or Novak. NoTak being nearer, was sur'e that it was fired lit Zinka. Nearly an hour passed. Novak listened nuxiuusly to assuro himsolf that the gaino lieepors had really gone, and hearing nothing moru of thom ventured at'lastout of tho thioket. Ho was eoakod to tho skin and wan shivering with fear und cold. Cautiously ho looked around tho meadow and suddenly stopped, rooted to tho ground with horror. About forty steps off a man with uncovered head sitt in tho moonlight near a thiokot. Ho was pressing both hands to his face, and moaning aa ho looked himsolf from right to loft. ' O my God, my God !' Then ho fell flat on his back and his hands dropped power Iobs at his sides. - ? Tlio moonlight shone out moro clearly and Novak recognized Zinko. A fow steps, with out considering whothor ho wus in danger or not, and ho knelt on tho grass by his sido. In a stifled voico Zinka was whispering to him «tW, ? Josus, Muria, Joseph !' that cry of tho puutsiiut in liis momonts of agony. Suddonly Novak romuniborcd his wonted caution of a poaoher. Quiokly passing his left arm beneath Zinka's knees and his right around his shoulders, ho lifted him and ran with him to tho woods. Thero he luid him down again upon tho moss and asked him : ' Woro uro you wounded ? ' On tho right sido, in tho ribs.' whispered Zinka, and added . ' Nothing has happened to tho rest of you, pleaso God ?' After a timo ho whispered, proBuing his hand to his breact : ' I sliai ' - livo ; thoy havo settled mo.' Novak put thiok, swollen hands to his lips and imitated tho cry of an owl, ' Tu-whoo, tu-whoo !' Bending down again ovor tho woundod man ho took out of his pockot a woll-oorked bottlo opeued it, and said : ' Tasto a Httlo powder, mato. It will drivo away tho sting.' Zinka took the bottle in his weak left hand lifted it to his mouth and poured on his tongue a fow grains of gunpowder, rolled them in his mouth for a fow moments nnd flion un'nllnwrol flinm. Thufc ih with tho Tln hcmia.il poachers a favourrro provontivo against tho evil conscquonccs of a wound. ' It is no good,' whispered Zinka. With a sad smilo ho wont on: 'The shot has gono into my lungs.' And, as ho spoko, ho coughed and tho blood ran out of his mouth. Again Novak imitated tho hoot of an owl, and this time tho cry waB answered from a short distance. Tho boughs of tho pines rustled aud presently Scokan appeared, pushing hip way through tho undorwood. ' Zinka has received the wholo ohargo in his lungs,' Novak whispered into Seokau's ear. ' It eoeins to mo choy havo finished him.' Scokau bont over Zinka, saying : ' It's I, mate, Scokan.' ?Zinka, feeling with his left hand in the dark, touched Scokan's faco. It was tlio touoh of a hand of ice, and ho spoko disjointedly. ' Unto — you'ro alive — pleaso God — forgive — for Tommy's sake only ohild — fourteen your — tho gauntlot — ' Ho could suy no more. Thero was a dull rattling sound in his throat. Scokan could find no moaning in his words. Lcauing to ward Novak, ho whispered. ' Ho does not know what ho is saying ; ho is delirious. Spread out tho nets and wo will take him homo.' Thoy spread out tho nots, taking thom from their neoks and laying them out ono above tho other on tho gross. Opening thom to to half their breadth thoy luid tho helpless Zinka in them, lifted up tho ends of tho uots und proceeded into tlio depth of tho wood. Thero thov found a narrow path whioh wound liko a snako. Many a time had thoy taken their way along it, bending under tho weight of tho tho fish thoy had stolen. Five times tl-ey hud led, or eurricd home a wounded comrade. Zinka half lay and half sat in the not. Now nnd then ho sighed, and tho rattling sound was audiblo in his throat. Thoy procoeded thus for half an hour through tho thickest part of tho wood, whero tho rays of tho moon whero unublo to pierco tho brunches, though bIio shono now brightly. Presently, again, Ziuku bogau to murmur somo unintelligible words'. ' Keep quiot, mate,' said Scokan. 'You'll bo all right presontly.' It seemed that Zinka hoard, for ho ro mnined still. Tho poachers hastoncd as much aa thoy could. At last aUght appeared boforo thom, and after a little whilo thoy woro on tho edge of tho wood. : Tlio moon shouo down oleurly with hor soft light, tho wind had droppod and the sky was cloudless. Where tho path joined tho road thoy laid down their burden on iho soft, fresh grass moistoned with dow. *Tho moonlight fell straight on ZinkaVfnco'. It was as whito as linen. A face carved in ivory might havo looked so. With a ? suddon start Scokan put his hand to tho palo 1 oheok; It was cold aa ice,' stiff and stark. In tho glassy oyo,' that scorned to start framitssookot, tho dim moon light reilcoted itsolf glittoringly. ' Josus.Maria!' it's all upwith him,' ox clnimcd Scokun. i ? Starting up, Novak caught his hair with both his hands, as if ho- would with a single wrench tear it' from his skull. 'Tho woman and the lad will go mnd,' said Novak. Ho' was silent for a momont and thon asked, more as if speaking to him self than to his mato, 'But how did tho game keepors guoss that wo woro going to-night — ' He stopped,' and 'oontinuedj in a cautious voice, almost ns if ho f oared lest tha doadman should hear his words : 'Sookan, what Fran tishka said was true thon;1 'I thought of that, mate, too, but— God knows,' said Scokan, as if loth to judgo tho dead man. 'You aro tho stronger,' said J, Scokan, ' carry him homo 'Tisnotfar. 1 will go in front nnd tell his wifo that thero has boon an accident.' Ho roso from tho ground as ho spoko and limped away. Novuk drow together tho four corners of tho not with both his hands, knelt down by tho corpso, and thon, turning away from it, drew it up upon his baok, roBO, balanced himstlf, and prooeoded with his burden aloug tho lauo. On his ri^ht tho head and ono Imnd of tho dond man hung out of tho net. On tho other sido jogged a wet, irnltcd foot. And at thosamo timo, in the dim depths of the wood, soundod tho molodious fiong of tho thrush welcoming tho approach ing dawn. Ho was soon in sight of tho oottages. Al roady a firo had boon lighted in ono of them. Toward that ho dircotcd his stops. Somo dogs, barking wildly, ran out to moot him, then, recognising him, were silont and sniffed at his burden. From the cottago Scokan camo out to moot him, and they both of thom tcok tho dead man in thoir arms. ' Thoy think ho in only wounded,' whis pored Scokan hurriodly. A woman half-dressed, barefooted and with hor hair in wild disorder, followed almost at Ssokan's hools. It was Zinka's wifo. Sho had hor son with hor, and from tho lips of both of thom broko tho wild, hoart-pioroing peasant cry, ' Jesus, Maria, Josoph !' Tho wailing son helped tho poaehors to carry his father. ' I always told him it, would ond liko this ono day,' siiid tho woman. And oalling him 1 Josoph, Joaoph 1' sho put down hor hand to In nn instant sho drow it baok. 1 Tho fivo wounds of tho Lord Christ ! ho is ns oold as ico !' Tho poaohors carried thoir mato into tho Httlo room, whoro tho iliokering, restless llamo of tlio resinous pine danced on tho hearth. Thoy laid him on a bed. A singlo look at tho glassy oyos, in whioh now tho red flame of tho pine wood pictured itsolf, sparkling and ghstoning, aa tho moonlight hud dono in tho road, and woman and boy us if a flash of lighting had struck them to tho earth, foil on thoir Knoos bosido tho bed; iu wild, harsh -tones, nhrit-kiug. ruUier than crying, ' Josus, Maria ! Jesus, Maria !' Then a. wailing without words, broken and pierc ing, filled tho Httlo chamber. Tho two poaehera stood by the hearth looking now at their dead companion, now at the weeping wifo, now at tlio nobbing son. The tame gloomy thought huuuted thom both, l'cruups womo dark night tlieif cud would bo tho DUino. Tlio minutes passed. The gray light crept into the room, Sooknn turoed his fuuo toward the hearth, aud looked thoughtfully ut the sluicing flames. Then ho put ou another piuo lotf. Tho firo took fresh lifo und burned up uguiu. Aguiu tho dogs barked. Slow stops camo ucross the yard, and Jarosh walked into tho room. Unable to iind hia mates, ho hud returned home, uud seeing tlio light, had come to Zinku'a cottugo. The woman and the youth did not notico him. With a few signs uud half a dozon words his mates enlightened him as to what hud huxipoued. Then for a whilo they took couusol softly. After that Novak uud Juroi.li wout away. Scokau sut down on the bench by tho heurth. Tho piuo-log flumes fliokerhig rest lessly, Hured up uud toll, and iu their shift ing light it seemed to Sooknu that tho fuuo of tho deud iiiun smiled codly, and thou aguiu was contorted with puiu. In half an hour Jarosh roturned, having changed hia clothes. Ho sut down in Scokuus pluco by tho heurth. Scokau limped homo. Tho ousteru sky wus coloured with tho red light of dawn. Jurosh, sitting down at the hearth, took a coal, with whiuh ho lighted tho tobacco iu his short wooden pipe und smoked, gazing pensively at the bluo clouds which he blow frum hia lips. _ Tho wife and boy hud wopt all tho toars out of their weary oyos, but thoy wore still orouchedby tlio bod, sobbiug plaintively. Littlo suspicion hud tho sou that ho was tho occasion of his father's death ! In uu hour or . so it, was known iu all tho cottages that Zinka wus dead ; shot, it wus whispered. And the women said : ' Thut's how my muu will end ono of these days. I'm always tell ing him so.' Tho bailiff was in bin ofHeo ongaged in lookimr over his accounts when tho forester camo iu with tho news. ' Woll, wo'vogot rid at last of that limp ing, pouching boust, Suokuu. Ono of tho game-keepers finished him off with u shot.' ' Then Ziuka did not deceive us,' said tho bailiff, coolly. ' Wo will savo his son from being enlisted.' Tlio subject boou dropped and they tulkod of something cleo. Presently boiuo oao camo in ut tho door, nnd they turned to bco who it wus. Palo as ghosts tho bailiff and tho forester stood staring us if they hud baeii turned to htouo. On tho other eido of tho table, at which tho rents wore paid, putting down his silver florius, stood— Suokuu. Tho cunniug old fox, in order to givo un impression tliut ho hud no knowledge ut all of what had taken placo tho previous night, had limped up coolly nnd humbly to pay his rout. His experienced cyo saw that thoro wua something umids, but ho hud no sus picion of tho truth. For a moment tlio bailiff und tha forester believed thoy saw a ghost. 'I humbly Idas your honour's hand,' ho said, bonding hia buck iu an awkward bow. ' I camo to pay tho rout and thu tux,' and turniug his rough hat iu his hands ho looked down at tho floor. . Tho bailifl: wrote tho receipt in his book, and Sookau, carefully pluoing it iu tho pocket of his shabby, knitted jersey, onco nioro bowod, and repenting, ' 1 kiss your honour's hands,' left thoollieo. Tho bniUlE turned to tho forester. 'Tho cursed thief !' said the latter, ' I my self saw him fall when the man shot at him. Ho must havo thrown himsolf down ou pur pose to make us tliiuk that wo had hit him. We'll havo him Bomo day.' Lator in tho day tho county doutor cumo in. Ho hud bem sent for, ho siiid, to rco the doud body of Josoph Ziuku, a p;usnnt, who hud died of a gitushot tho previous night. Ho Iind his foot wounded, up paroutly from having trodden ou something sharp. Tho bailiff uud t!io Jrorostor exchanged a glance. ' Ho is no gr at loss,' aaid tho ilorojtcr whon tho Dootor was gouo. 'A thief und u pouohor.' As tlio Dootor had boon culled in, a sort of inquest was sot on foot. .Tho bailiff' was foremost iu it, nnd that vory diy went down to question Zinka's wifo, but could ascertain nothing oxcopt that Ziuka had coma homo iu tfio night, from somewhere, wounded, and hud soon afterward died. And that was all that ovor ciuno out. On tho ; fourth day the man wus buried, und tho reports of the inves ? tigation Ho soraowhoro worod with dust aud mould. ' Ziuka, howovor, had saved his sou. Tho lad was now hia mothei's only support, and so exompt. ' Ho kopt away from poaching, too, warned by his father's doath. ? Scokau, Novuk aud Jnrosk, shocked by tho fate of their mato, abstained for u fotr weeks from thu Count's fish-ponds. But tlio im pression of tho grizzly ndveuturo gradually became weaker, uud aftor a timo their old passion for.poaehinjj gained tho victory, and thoy went back to tho moro just ns if nothing had happened. Two yeurs aftor Sookun disappeared. Iu tho autumn a lloshloss akolotou was. found at tno bottom of ono of tho big mores, aud it was gonorally supposed to bo tho remains of tho limping pouchor. Novuk aud Jaro°h know that it was so. They had soon tho shot firod at Soo'iun stand ing up to his armpits in tho water. Tho two surviving pauohers, whou they wero old, woro rheumatic, the conscquouco of tho frequont wading at night in tho ioy moros and tho wandering homo in wot clothos through tho freezing morning mists to thoir distunt homes. Bont double and scarcely able to movo their joints, tho old sinners, unublo nny longer to pouch on a large pcalo, would botako them selves to tho neighbouring streams and ontoh small fish with a rod, and meanwhilo uarrato to each othor tlio great catches of tho days of their youth. Sitting on tho bank under tho shudow of tho willows, watching with thoir dim oyes tho float dunoing in tho wator, thoy talkod of thoir former mutes who wero goiio under 'there.' Thoy ro minded eaoh other of how thoy hud como to go 'there,' but if ever Zinka nnd his fate eamo into their memories thoy Bhook their houds, romurkiug that ' thore was somo hitoh iu it that time.'— Tho CornhiU Miujnzim. 