THE ROMANCE OF RINGS. (Issued Says.) The British Museum has just published an illustrated catalogue of the gems in the national collection. As a rule, these engraved stones are set in rings, either in the original gold, silver, bronze, or iron, or in modern settings. In either case this treasure of antiquities, which might be carried in a satchel, is full of the most serious and even romantic interest. Rings were the most intimate, precious, and durable objects which men of old possessed. A man's ring was his luck he set it on a seal which could not be infringed without his discovering the injury. True, a theological impostor, unmasked by Lucian, discovered a method of opening seals, and so was enabled to open the sealed packets of questions which he pretended to read by clairvoyance. Indeed, the simple boyish device of a bread seal would have served this rogue as well as the means to which he had resource. People appear to have been so guileless as a man that seals were seldom forged, and as keys and signatures they were in absolutely universal employment, They were ever on each man's hand, and the materials on which the gems are cut are of the hardest and thus one may wear to-day a seal which has adorned the finger of Alexander, of Virgil, or of Caesar. Rings with portraits were common in the late Roman Republic, and probably these were worn, especially when Em pet ora came to be represented later, by the friends of poets and the courtiers of statesmen. The museum has a gem with a profile of Cicero that may have been a present from Tully to Atticus for what we know, and who will assure that Virgil didnotcarry thering witha portrait of Horace ? King mentions a portrait of Massanissn, set in a ring of iron ; " perhaps it has been worn by Scipio himself. The merit of the engraving proves that it must have been executed for a person of high position." Thus there is no waif or stray left by the wave of the past on the sea of the present so intimate and so curious as a ring of the ancient world. Conceive the luck of the collector who should find the ring of Hannibal, avenger of so many murders ;" the ring with a hollow containing sudden poison. The drug may have been hidden in a hollowed stone or in the metal setting. In the former case the gem must have perished with its owner. Mr. King publishes a copy of an onyx hollowed out to contain poison and engraved with the ugly face of a horned fame. To reach the poison it was only necessary to bite through the thin shell or onyx. When the gold deposited by Camillus in the Cape to was taken away the person responsible for it " broke the stone of his ring in his month, and died at once. All these stories appear not to be doubted they seem, to prove that the ancients were indeed no inexpert prisoners. We must infer the reverse from stories of the clumsiness of Locusts. The romance of ancient gems is inex- | haustible ; it meets us everywhere. This cornelian may hold the portrait of some rich man's mistress, such as Clement of Alex- andria forbade the Christians to wear ; we may be looking on the favourite of Ovid or Properties, on Connia or on Cynthia. Where will our photographs be in 1800 years, or what record will exist of the fair faces of to-day They are washed on paper or painted on canvas ; not one lady or lover has thought of being made imperishable on cornelian or sand ; yet if there were but. patrons, who can doubt that the skill exists, as in the last century, and that we have in- glorious Fighters and Piatruccis among us who, like these masters, needed to sign their gems lest they should be sold for veritable antiques ? But gem-engraving has already flourished apart from the custom which made a man's ring part of himself, his symbol and signatures, a token often, as in the case of the famous ring Elizabeth gave to Essex. Of all rings, if only one could identify it, the most romantic would be that which was worn by the fair ghost of Corinth, who even from her grave came to embrace her lover. The story is told in a fragment of Phlegm, a writer of the second century of our era. In Phlegon's words it sounds uncomfortably heal. We see the old nurse prying into the room of the young man whose betrothed is dead and there the dead girl sits with her bridegroom, and when the house has been roused, and the grave searched, they find there only the iron ring which the lover had given to the (lead girl in exchange for her ring of gold. This tiny circlet of iron moves us more than even the poisonous ring of Hannibal, or that too famous gem which Poly crates of veil vainly to throw away. In Pliny's time they showed it, a sardonyx not engraved, in the Temple of Concord. But this was a blunder, for Herodotus declares it to have been an emerald, engraved by Theodorus of Samos with the device of a life, according to Clement of Alexandria. Some years ago people fancied that this famous ring, as noted as that of Solomon, had been dug up in a vineyard at Aricia. Mr. King cruelly suggests that this was a mere ancient imitation, a favourite device of literary men." But the style of the art, archaic in the time of Polvcrates, would settle that question and perhaps permit us to believe in the authenticity of the relic. Gems are practically imperishable. A wonderful head of Medusa on an onyx is no less mysteriously beautiful than of old, though for many centuries it was called in the sand and Bill of the Tiber. The ring of Polycratea, if not found at Aricia, may to-day be on the finger of some fisherman of Samos, for these men in the Greek islands have usually some venerable jewel of this description. The museum catalogue, as may be supposed is concerned with the history, not with the romance, of rings. They began to be regularly collected in cabinets by the Romans before the Republic fell. They were older than Rome or Greece, for Greece borrowed the idea chiefly from the Egyptian scarabs. To be sure, been shaped pebbles were engraved by the Greeks before they took to cutting scarabs of cornelian, and very ugly the engravings on the old pebbles often are. They sometimes prove that Greeks used this hard material while their artistic skill was not in advance of Red Indian design, and when their dress was of the New Caledonian fashion. An example (73) is photographed in the catalogue, The stone scarabs came in about the end of the seventh century n c. It may be said that the designs on the early scarabs are only by a stage less rude than those found on the " Rentoul" or heart-shaped stones. Finally it dawned on somebody that the dumpy, thick scarab was a waste of material. Thenceforth thin slices of rare stones were used, and to these we owe the exquisite effects of trans larcency and colour in the best ring-stones. From this date the art of gem engraving enters its best period. It presents us with miniature copies of famous lost statues ; with portraits of poets, emperors, beauties; with scenes from real life ; with little _ idylls like illustrations of Theocritus ; with scenes from mythology ; with fanciful devices; with groups of laughing Loves ; with men engaged in all occupations ; with hints of religious mysteries ; finally, with the dull and grotesque symbols of Gnosticism, -The J whole history, social, political, religious, artistic, of several centuries is imperishably represented on the seals of rings. Even fire, which blackens them and makes them opaque, does not ruin the loveliness of the lines. Modern civilisation can leave no such indestructible picture of itself, no such beautiful fragments of customs and manners which must pass, as Greece and Rome have passed away. These elder States will in this manner outlive us, and if a cosmic atmosphere swept man from the world, and if again the world was inhabited by rational beings, they too would find the counterfeit representation of what Greece was engraven on onyx and sand and emerald. Such are the fancies suggested by the 2319 rings of the museum. 