Mendelssohn's ' Elijali.' The Philharmonic Society gave a representa tion of Mendelssohn's ' Elijah ' last night in the Exhibition Building before an audience of nearly, if not quite, four thousand persons. The work was produced on a scale of grandeur commensu rate with the number of those wno listened to it. The chorus and orchestra included more than four hundred performers, and the principals were : Mr. Santley, who represented Elijah ; Mr. Armes Beaumont, Obadiah: Mrs. Palmer, soprano; Madame Christian, contralto ; and several other ladies who assisted in the delivery of particular numbers. The vast space which had to' be filled with sound, and the numerous ob stacles presented by the deflecting surfaces of three or four thousand human bodies — and all of which obstacles had to be overcome before acoustic excellence could be obtained — caused a heavy strain on the physical powers of all the performers, but particularly on those of Mr. Santley, for he had not only to sing the music of Viih part, but to sing it in such a way as that it should be heard in all parts of the vast building. The music which the composer has given to the prophet rarely extends beyond E above the bass cleff, and for a baritone to get up even that far with full power of lung is a great strain on both lnng and larynx. Notwithstanding the enthu siastic praise of partial critics, this strain was distinctly perceptible in Mr. Santleyfs singing. Wherever the music was under D above the bass eleff his voice had the old rich ring of the grand baritone of former years, but when the music rose above that the labored effort was perceptible. Nevertheless he pourtrayed the character of the prophet with much artis tic excellence. Mr. Armes Beaumont was in excellent voice, and sang the solos allotted to the tenor with sweetness as well as with artistic effect. Indeed, the carrying qualities of his voice enabled him to make every note of the music he sang and every word he uttered dis tinctly heard in all parts of the building. Madame Christian rendered the alto solos with her usual taste and sweetness, but with scarcely sufficient power to be heard distinctly by those who were far away from the singer. Mrs. Palmer sang well, and as all acute sounds travel far and easily, she was heard to advantage. The choruses were given most effectively and showed unmis takeably that the drill of previous careful train ing had been experienced. The choristers of the Philharmonic Society were assisted by members of both Liedertaf els as well as by many others who chose to assist in the performance of a great musical work. The Governor and suite honored the performance by being present at it, and on their arrival were greeted with a full performance of the National Anthem. The orchestra, under the able leadership of Mr. H. Bice, played with much precision. Had the ghost or shade of De Quincey been present when some of the more tender boIos in the work were- being sung it would have returned to Elysium with a much more exalted opinion of Mendelssohn's music than it enter tained when it dwelt in the fleshly body. Signor Hazon, the talented conductor of the Philhar monic Society, deserves great praise for the skilful way in which he has trained the forces at his dis posal, and for the admirable manner in which he conducted the performance. 