TETE A TETE. Tli n:i limy wc sou haw tlio World wugn.— 1'um Like It. And ho the great Rockhainxitou liacing Carnival is over 1 Tlie one event to which many look forward front yoar's end to y'oar's end, which thoy livo for, plau for, oat for. drink for, plot for, dross for, nay sivindlo for! has tripped morrily through the gatoway of the , iiroseiit, nud now looms'. dimly and mistily, as ono of tho ghosts in- tho shadowy past,:. On Tuesday evening oil was kopo and cheery expectation. Every man had tho positive unaltorablo conviction that ho, and lio only, was bound to win. And so ho pro ceeded incontinently to build Alnaschar- iiko caatlcs-in-tliu-iur. Hoy, prosto 1 Couio Thursday night, and out of every fivo raoing- iiioiv four' aro bewailing the uncertain favors of tliiit fickle Jade Daiiio Fortiiuo. And so tlio , world . wags, as Jaqiius puts it in As Yon Like li, nud , wo ! wag on with it, . now. in (joy, now iu sorrow, . now in .prosperity, n6w in adversity, and all tho timo thinking ourselves tbo most : suporlativoly ill-used victims of an uncontrollablo Chance, Un doubtedly, liowovor,' 'this mooting .'of the Roclduuripton Jcclcoy Club ivaB amongst tiio plelisaw tost that hits beon hold for many years.1 'Tho arrfingemonts worb excellent, the system pursued by tho anergotio secretary, - Mr. 'W. G. Thompson; nnd liis fetaff of assistants was poi'fcct, and from first to last all wont merry as tho Byronio t'liiarriiigobell.'' Of- oourso, the occasion was soloctod by tlio ladies as a inillimu-y: ex hibition, - and many,' variod and . boautifnl, wero the toilets displayed on the course. As to the belle of the courso — woll no — I know " a few mora " than to imperil my " by, iciuthi'ne locks " by' making quy shell allusions, particularly when Mrs. Zingnro is about, and when to pleaso one lady I should havo to offond ono hundred. Suffice it, therefore, to say thoy were all " belles," and that they kept their tongues' n-ringing right eagerly from morn to dewy eve. Tlion as to the racing — well, that is one of those mystorios moro profound than those of Eicusis, in which a man can make a beauti ful fool of himself in a shorter givon timo than in anything olso. Hence, considering discretion tho bettor of valor, I refrain. # # li ; Eockhuinpfcoii, liowovor, lias had an in vasion of "spielers " for tho races, which has somewhat enlivened tlio monotony of .the place. 'The spieler belongs to the " sneak " species of the great genus rascal, and while every " spieler" must necessarily bo a mail, there is not a single " man " among tlio spie lers. 'This paradox may bo eccentric, but it iB, iiovortlioles.s, true, for wlmt individual of any manliness, spirit, and l-cspcot for him self would belong to a class which feeds and br itens on robbery of liis fellows ? Ugh ! AVhat ii pity they rlid not form one nee!', as ' Nero said regarding Rome, that with one j blow from a misty sword thoy might lie! severed for evoi-._ More than ono resident of tlio town litis boon " liad " by tlieso gentry passing off counterfeit half-sovereigns and sovereigns. Then when wanderers who may have drank "not wisely, but too well." aro staggering "homeward troubled not about the length of tlio ro .(,, but at its insufficient width, then is the opportunity of" the ' spicier." Like a liawlc he swoops down upon tJio unwary one, and before the votary of Bacchus is aware, ho is minus his watch, money, and effects. Nothing comes .amiss to this latter-day Autolyous. Ho will as soon ' rob a child going to the " public- liouse" for " throe-penn'orth" of boor as a bibulous millionaire in a fashionable hotel. He will as soon break into the house of tho peasant as tlie merchant-prince, and if lie can get nothing olso will got -drunk. The " spieler" is n guest wo aro always delighted to speed in iiarting and sorry to lin.il as coming. « . « 'The Cliut-cli of England people inlRook- linmpton liavo every reason to congratulate themselves upon their success in connection with tlioir Fancy Fair. Truo their tableaux vivrtnls wore rathor " amateurish," and bo-- trayed an utter want of knowledge of the mys teries of light and shade, but these wero bnt small defects compared with tho general excel lence and artistic avrangomont of the enter tainment. One feature in tlio Fair, however, I was very sorry to see, as. it savored of tlio vulgar andj the plobeian, viz., the Baby Show. That might lie all very woll in con nection with some fifth-rate music ball per formance, but for a bazaar in aid of one of our loading |Cliurclios, attended, too, by tho elite of Rockliampton, I can only say it was ogrogioiisly and utterly out of place. Baby- shows aro baby-shows, but as every young mother wlio " runs" straightway places it on "show" to all hor : friends aud rela tives, this species of entertainment is ' .vastly moro common than is ' su oposed. A baby is an anomalous sort of repre sentative of tho human family. It wants everything, and can do nothing, savo c ectrify the neighborhood by trying its' liings. A babv is a great institution, T grant, and it is greatest when it is at it's, loudest. 'Then, it dynamically compols attention, and ho who would livo at poaco with all men must first make liis peaeo with the baby. Speaking oE peace, I do not con sider that " peace, white-winged peace," could over have its home iu a baby-show. Not much ! ' ' 'The opening of the new Theatre Royal has proved a triumphant success. The hou o itself is a pretty little building most com modious and comfortablo in its construction, and tasteful and beautiful in its decorations. The piece solceted for tho inauguration niglit by those well-known entrepreneurs tho Alessrs. AI'AIahon, |was The Sunny South, by George Dairell, and the gifted actor-author i himself, and liis graceful wifo, Aliss Christine Darrell, took the principal roles in tlio play. I From start to finish the performance wa3 successful, although I cannot say I am much enraptuvod with the Sunny South. It is dis tinctively Australian, 51 grant ; but this is not everything, and when faults of construction press themselves upon tlio attention so strongly ns t'.iosc in tlie drama in question do, we cannot but advert vor.v strongly to it. However, Air. Cleorgo Darrell has produced bettor work than tins, and by it, in place of tlio Sunny South, we are content to rate liini. :i According to tlio balance of medical opinion, as siiinmod up in the Lancet, tho question of food for brain-workors opens up a wido and somewhat debatable topic, but soma rules aro clear. The brain-workers must live sparingly rather than luxuriously, lie must prefer the lighter class of food to the heavies, and lie must lio vory prudont in liis use of alcohol. 'Tobacco and tea aro apt to bo favorites with him, and their im moderate use ma., require to lie guarded against. 'The lirain-workor will do woll often to go supporless to bed. Really tilings generally would soern to be oven rougher oil the unfortunate brain-worker than 13 sup posed. 'To go supperloss to bod is tlip lot of many a deserving man, bnt if tho brain- ivorker is to bo picked out for this and other acts of solf-deuinl it becomes doubtful wliethor there is any particular advantage in being a genius. The fact is that science is teaching lis so many things in this nineteenth cen tury that ono bogins to feel doubtful whether universal knowledge is such a very useful thing aftor all. Aro tlioro to bo no moro cakes and ale ? # # j 'This is the story that Air. Blaine told tho Prince of Wales as a typical American story, I says Eli Porkins. Lilco nil typical stories it ' illustrates a point. The kihnaroo story shows 1 that most of our troubles are imaginary. Nine-tenths of them never happen. "Now," i said Air. Blaino to the Prince," " nino-tentlm of lour troubles never happen. Thoy at-o : all 'imaginary. When wo got to thorn thoy' ! arc gone. They. remind m i of a man who i was carrying something acres h Fulton ferry I in a close box. Every now and then lie would open tho lid cautiously, peno iu, and then closo the lid -mysteriously. His actions soon excited tlio curiosity of a naturalist who sat on the Beat by him. Unable to uonccal ilis iuquisitivoness further the naturalist touclud liim on . the shoulder and said — ' I bog. pardon, sir, but I am curious to know what .. you have in that box, iWhat is.it?' .',Oh, I don't want . tq toll; it will get. all ovor tho. boat.' -Ms it a savago,, animal f Yos i— rkills. ororything.V Then tlio' man pooped in 'again. .. Growing still moro -.curious, the lafcuralist begged hitn-to toll its namo. 'It's 'it kilmaroq from tho uentro of Africa— a vory Jsavuge .beast; -oats men' and ' 'And what .do'. you- feed it-, on interrupted tho -naturalist. .'Snakes, Bir-rplain snakes!' ; juici wnoi'0 ao -yon: got: sua ices onongn to food such, a monster ?' ' askod tho eager but :trombling naturalist. '/Woll, sir, liny brother in Brooklyn drinks a good doal, ' has- tho delirium- tremens, and - whou die sees snaltos |we. just catoh .'em nnd r— .-' . ' Uutitlioso aro iimaginary snakes,' I argued tho- -naturalist; 3 how can you febd la savngo boast ion ini- ;nginnry snaicos Why, tlio ifaot is,' said jtho man, opening ith'ovbox.a'nd blowing in it ; ' don't say.: a' - word- — this : is : an- - iiiiaginary kiltnitroo.' " : -n i -,-.s : - j 1 I j i "A circus wiis recently in- our etty, and jtho ministerial . curiosity was : so, awakened jtluit all outsido vicnv of the canvas would, -not suffice. : Oho minister, had oompuuefcions o£ conscionco: against the gratification- of what lio fnuoiud to bo a que3tiouablo;-desiro. jHowever! his liberality of boliof would - allow '.the cliildron -to go, 'provided' they, had sorno Igood-sizcd masculine ' protootor.' , But,: un fortunately- for him. hu hnd no-children. Ho ;wont, therefore, .to j his : brother preacher and tried t<> borrow ..his fivo-year- old. boy as a companion to tlio circus. But tho other preacher remarked',- ' I havo waited 'a long Time for iny boy to got big enough- to go to a oirous, .and now I want to use him ! myself."1' ' ' ' 1 1 # .. . A story which Geuoraj Skoridan was fond of telling at 'the dinner-table, aftur the : coffee had boon served and the ladies had irotircd, went something like this : — "Thoro was zoalouB chaplain of tho Army of . the . Potomac who had called on a eolonol noted ! for- his profanity to talk of tlio religions in- itorosts of his men. After having been j politely motioned to a seat on tlio chest, tho chaplain bogam — ' Colonel, you have , one of tho Ad est regiments in the army,' I bc- jlievo so,' said ' tho colonel in reply. '.Do ;you Wiink,' pursued the chaplain, ' that you pay sufficient uttontion. to tlie religious in struction of ou r men f' s Well, I don't know,', doubtfully replied the colonel. A lively '.interest lias been awakened in the i — : — Massachusetts,' the parson went oh to j say. "Tho Lord lias blessed the labors of I His servants, and 10 hiive already been baptised.' Is that so ? ' excitedly cried tho colonel, anil then, turnyig to tho attendant, added, ' Sergoant-major, have 15 men do- tailed for baptism immediately; I'll be blanked if I'll bo outdone by any Alnssii- cliusctts rogimont.' " « Here are a Jew Hiburnicisms : — " Avrali, whore will you find a modern building that has lasted as long as tho ould wan?" "I am writing with a sword in ono hand and a pistol in the othor." " Air. Speaker, I would givo half the constitution — nay, tho whole of it — to save tho remainder." "Single misfortunes novor como alone, and the greatest of all misfortuuos is usually fol lowed by a greater." A party at cards. Ono player l-omarkod — "Horo is a shilling short." "Who pat it in ?" asked an Irish man present. " Sir, if yon come within n milo of my house I hopo yon will stop." " He's so thin I'd hardly know him. You'io thin ; and I'm thin, but lio's thinner then both of us put together." « ' Certain young Indian gentlemen who wore ' pursuing the study of tho law iu Edinburgh wero invited by the professor to spend an ovoning at Ilis house. The time fixed for tlio arrival of the interesting party arrived, bnt nobody came. When nearly an hour had passed in fruitless waitini the, m-nfessnr's lady rang for tlio maid, who had not become quite accustomed to tho ways of tho houso. She entered in a stato of considerable ex citement, " Have none of the gentleman arrived ?" asked hor mistress. " No," answered tlio domestic, " but ii lot of impu dent Christy minstrels lias boon arlugiug at tho boll and I have boon n-driviug 'em away m'm !" # # - Two gontlomen of Afilcsiiin descent, ovor- corno by tlio excitement of a political debate in a brickyard, found themselves using tho bricks in tlio placo of argument. As a result ono of thom was severely wounded. Tlioir employer, who witnessed the fight, was so indignant with the victor that he advised tho wounded man to got out a warrant for his arrest. After the employer loft the yard a friend of the sufferer, who lind also wit nessed the figlit, gave this very sound ad vice— "Look hyar, Sam, doiuT yo' git out no warrant. Yo' git yo'solf two pieces of phu-ster, an' put one piece , on yo' hacle, an' do other oil yo' mouf." ZINGARO. 