HOYAL PK/XCtSS' TUBA THE. " HAMLET." Every part of the Royal Princess' Theatre was filled to overflowing last night when Mr. (i. 0. Miln and his excellent company produced Shakespeare's well- known tragedy " Hamlet;'' and it i3 gratifying to record tlio just tribute paid to the author. Without wishing to flatter, we might remark that Sandhurst audiences have earned the title of discriminating, so the en thusiastic approval with which Mr. Miln's efforts were greeted last night, should be indeed appreciated by the actor. It is certain that lie did give a somewhat different reading to the character of11 H iinlet," than that to which many are accustomed, and certain points may not have beer, brought forward so prominently as many might desire, but it wis a masterly and a truly grand representation, and one of which the most critical observer must speak in terms of great praise. Mr. Miln showed unmistakeible evi dence of a great and intelligent study of the character, and the interpretation was that of which he might well feel proud. There were cer tail) departures from the ordinary presentation that may be w orthy of mention. For instance, Hamlet adopted the student's style of costume throughout, and in the closet scene, the ghost, did not cross the stage, but was heard from the wings; anil again in the graveyard scene it w«3 the Uncoifined body of Ophelia which was in terred. Mr. Mitu, as already stated, created a favorable impression from the first. His interview, with the ghost in the opening act was a praiseworthy piece of acting, and his reception of the players in the second act served only to accentuate the good opinion formed early. In the initial scene in the- next act the well-known soliloquy on '' Death " was given with due feeling and ex pression, and ia the play scene he also rose admirably to the occasion; but the closet scene with the Queen will doubtless be long stamped indelibly in the minds of his hearers. As already stated, usage gives place to an innova tion, one to which only a really capable actor can reconcile the theatre-goer, old and well versed in tradition. And in thi3 great effort Air. Miln succeeded so admirably as to call forth the unanimous approbation of the de lighted audience, whose eyes seemed to follow across the stage the imagined apparition as if in obedience to the artist. To achieve so great a success is indeed to gain the highest ambition of an actor. To the conclusion Mr. Miln main tained hij high standard of excellence, and in the graveyard scene and the concluding one, was equally good. Claiming high reputation in the use of the rapier, he invested the duel with Laertes with inoro than ordinary charm. Miss Louise Jordan was a pleasing surprise as Ophelia. She started with the handicap of a voice rather unfitted for the part, but she has a good stage presence, and aeted in the road scene in a meritorious manner. Mr. G. R. Ireland had an unthankful part to play as King Cladius, but he played it well. unimpressive as the part usually is, it was rendered more so by the omission of the king's soliloquy after the play scene, but as it ?was, the piece was protracted, and the lapse was no doubt excusable. Mr. Douglas was fairly good as Laertes, and Mr. Greenaway's Horatio was in every way an admirable performance. Mr. H. Hodson did double duty, taking the parts of Polonius and the first gravedigger, and the latter part, made quaintly humor ous, was distinctly the better effort. Mr.' Dobson made a satisfactory and not at all repulsive ghost. Mr. Atholwood spoke the lines of the first player well, and Mr. Carle was useful in the two characters of Marcellus and the second player. Miss Douglas' repre sentation of Queen Gertrude was excellent, and in the closet scene with Hamlet she was suffi ciently emotional. Miss Nelly Grcenlesa made a capital player queen, and Miss Maynard a pert Osrick. The scenery was through out of^unusual excellence, and the auxiliaries, numerous enough to give due effect on each occasion they appeared. Mr. Miln was recalled at the ends of three of the acts, and at one of them took the opportunity of ask ing' the audience whether he should, as- requested, substitute " Julius Ciesar" for '. Richelieu," and the audience anxious to -wit ness the production of so admirable a piece as the latter gave a prompt response in its'favour. Mr. Miln evidently misunderstood the wishes of those who made the request for a change. It was.for the substitution of " Julius Cresar" for " Romeo and Juliet," of which, during the last few years, we have had so many representations at our theatre. 