Wovelfst* The Midnight Prophecy on, HEIR OF STRATHSPEY TOWERS. : CHATTER XVI—(Continued.) ?Vvf'v' '? 1 : — Jiy JEmma Garrison Jones. ? "Booauso 1 want to go raysolf. I must go.aud boo .that child again, and bo suro that I am nut mistaken. X must go, J udith ; bo don't waste time in words.' . .."But, my lady, I bog your pardon," ventured Judilh; "what will your guests think ? What will my lord say, if ho finds it out?" ;??': . ?'? ? ??-, --'-.?'?;-?? : ''?:..?',JIy guests may aay what they like," roplied the countess, her. eyes blazing. :" I, shall leave my apologies with Mrs. Colonel Ghudloigh, and I'll explain to the earl when, ho returns. I've made up my mind to go, and you need not try to dis a'uadenie, no matter how good your motive may bo." :? ? , Judith acquiesced with evident reluct ance, believing, as he did, in her calm and far-sight wisdom, that the step her lady wan about to take woo rash mid ill-advised and one which "might lead to unpleasant consequences, to saythe least. ..;..'. The countess herself did not pause to consider; sho only saw an opportunity to .accomplish the supreme desire of her hoart, and made hasto to. embrace it. ? Since leaving the Tyrol, her impatience and suspense had amounted to torture. She could never rest, never draw a con tented breath till she went back ahd as sured herself whether or not the boy- boro tho Srathspoy birthmark. V If ho did not, and all her dreams and impulses were delusions, the sooner she fout\d out her mistake the better. But if ho were her child, her own oll'spring, thou a great and perilous task lay before hit, for he should be reinstated in hie rightful placo, and proclaimed heir to the earldom of Strathspey. No passionr is stronger nnd.more do termiuod than a mother's love; and this mother's love for that little outcast nurs ling of tho milch-goat amounted to idola try.. In hor dreams, in her waking hours, he was ever presonfc, and a single thought of that little, warm, milky mouth that she kissed in her first vision,' thrilled he/with passionate tenderness. For this child's sake Bho was bravo, and willing to dare all danger—even death, if need be. Aloro thnn once sho had thought over the expediency of revealing the whole thing to her husband, and entreating him to aid her in righting the great wjong. But tho romoinbrance of his unbelief in regard to her dream always chilled and repelled her. He would laugh at her for a weak, visionary creature ; and she would only uuaettle his perfect faith that the boy who bore his name was in truth; his eon. She had a tender love for her great broad chested husband, and the bare thought of spoiling his happiness, plunging him in doubt and conjecture, was moro than elto could bear. . It must not be 1 She concluded, un wisoly enough, perhaps,-but with the beet of motives; to keep it all from him— to shoulder all tho sorrow, and weary sui peneo hcrsulf, and follow tho faint clew through the dark and mysterious labyrinth alone and unaided. ?..??' " But you surely intond that I shall go with you; my lady ?" veutured Judith, as Mte assisted the countess to dross for her journoy. : . .' " I should be glad enough to have you, Judith,!' eho replied;" but I must leave you hero. There's no one iv this house that J. can trust save yourself. I dare not trust ray children in tho hands of that Dundee woman. I mistrust and dislike hor more than I did at first, and I niarvel that my lord persists in keeping her—and ?ho in remaining , . I thing she brought me.ill-luok tho firet hour I ovor looked' upon -her strange face; everything;%iis gone wrong with mc since then. '. A atranfjb' face, dark and diabolical," she continued, in a dreamy voice j a face: one would not be likely to forget. Judith, do you think I amn, aano woman, or am I really going mad, as they supposed" , ; ..." Sly lady 1" cried the girl, dropping her brush ; *' what do you mean ?" ???' Exactly what I say, Judith. Am I a sane, sensible-woman V" , ." Why, yee j.who says you are not ?" Never nrind. But the truth is, I think such strange things that I doubt my own sanity at times. Judith, did you ever fancy that the awful face that glared upon mc intny childbedia thecrimson chnraber, that flight when' my'babe' was etolen, might haro been tho face of the Dunds? woman; V" . :-: ... v : . '?-.': '?' . ? ??j;.-..;'-'/-"/-'--- X ( v Oh, noi njj; my la<ly !"/crieiV jmljUi, ':>n ; :;b6Mteniittq.n;\:Atui'ofl.ii^*'beginning"Vti'((.' ivm fe?slfijrje'aftjuty sure :i>". "Woll, I have Judith;;many a time," replied tho cbuntees, quietly; " and tho fancy is growing very strong of late. If I awi not insane, 1 bin very sane, very wiso, Judith ; and I have no human soul in tho wide world to trust, noone to holp mc but you. I must leave you hero to watch the Dundas woman, and tako care of my children ?while I am gbrio." ''But, for you to go alone—you, my poor, dear'lady!" wailed the girl. _ "I am not a baby, good eoul I" smiled the countess; " and I am more capable than; you think. I am; (strong, and no poward in an; emergency, despite my weakness and babyish faco. So don't f rot, my good girl.; There—that will. do. Ring for Sandford now, to driveme to the station j I shall take the eleven-thirty train. : Now Bond in Mrs. Chudlcigh, if she will come ; and you must make all noedful excuses yourself. And—let mc see ? No, T can't tell you when to send the carriage for mc." . , Judithoboyed ; and in less than twenty minutes the counte?3 entered her carriage. and waa driven rapidly to the etation — Mrs. Colonel Chudleigh looking after her from the hall-door with undisguised wonder, and tho Dundas woman watching her from an tipper window, with an eager glitter in hor black eyoa. . . j; ;,,:.;„.,.?; y ??;?? :.;IM* CHAPTER XVI. AN UNKSrECTEO ENCOUNTER, ???; .'.''There, is a divinity that ahapes our ends, rough-hew them how we will," cays the immortal bard ; and a most malignant and mischief-making divinity it seems to be at timos. ' But we must not atop and bowail over tho rough anglos and apiutered fragiiients, but wait wiili patience till the whole is complete, and then we shall boo that ovory seemingly, adverse stroke.was needed to perfect and finish the rounded life.. . ?.- ?? ?. . ?.:,??-?:???:???? ? ???? ?'? '. To our human wisdom, it appears just the consummation of ill-luck that Colonel Gilbert Voriioy oliould occupy the same train, indeed tho same carringe, with the Countesa of Strathspey that morning I But the colonel did so unconscious of evil intent, it is true, but the effects of the oc currence wore disastrous enough. The oountesbs was thickly veiled, and although sho was the sole lady passenger, it was sometime. before ho recognised her.. He established himself comfortably, read the morning paper, and heartily wished this veiled female in Jericho, in hie ill-humor; at being deprived of .his cigar. Not a thrill of interest or curiosity as to who or what she was stirred his heart. Tho colonel had passed that stage of life when one takes an interest in rail way acquaintances. Long years of uoldier lifo in India had cooled the fever of his young blood. Ho was now an eminently handsome bachelor, of seven-and-thirty years, a trifle cynical, intensely practical, and the betrothed husband of Miss Julia Borosford, heiress to tho snug sum of ten thousand a year, in her own right. The colonel was running over to Paris, where chance or fate had stricken down t> fellow-officer and bosom friend with typhoid fever. The despatch reached him that very morning, stating that his friend was dying, and had need of htm. Colonel Verney startod down by tho.first train, never dreaming what a terrible construc tion would bo placed upon his most humane journey. ' On and on they went, the countess still closely veiled nnd incognito; tho colonel perusing his paper, and longing for. hia cigar ; on and on, through all the seem ingly oncUose length of England, for.tho countess was going down to Dovor,.and across the Channel into France, and from thence into Tyrol, following the routo her husband had taken, the only one sho know how to pursue. ; : And wlih every mile she travelled, hT courage failed. In tho eagerness and bx citemont of starting, the length and fatigue of tho journoy bad not occurred to her. She began to wish she had hearkened to Judith's Eago counsels, or nt least consented to take her with her. It wus terrible to travel alone and unpro tected. But sho , tl ought of tho little flaxen-haired boy amid the Alpine peaks, and her heart grow strong again. For his nako bliq would endure it all. At the first station the colonel got out and enjoyed his cigar, and returned to his seat iv a much bettor humor. There sat this inevitable lady companion. "Can I bo any sorvico to you, madame !" he inquired, politely; "get you any re freshments, or anything of the kind '/" The lady gave a quick start, shook her hoad, and, drawing her veil still closer, muttered an inarticulato denial. The Colonel turned on hishoel, determined to leavo her to herself. They got off at Dover, in the golden hsizo of Soptember twilight, just in time to catch the steamer Calais. Tho flash of the innumerable gas-lights, and thenoiao and confusion on the wharf, woll nigh be wildered Lady Strathspey'; and tho full souso of tho terriblo step aho had taken Unshed for the first time upon her. What wouldiior husband Bay 1 Sho grow deadly faint and tottered where she stood. A burly porter, hurrying by, jostled her rudely, and sho would have fallen but fur the colonel's timely support. ?' My dear madame, do allow mo to assist you," ho exclaimed,'passing hia arm about her. Eor an instant the poor woman reeled, but by a groat effort - eho overcame her weakness, and stood firmly on her feet. ?" I will accept your assistance, Colonel Vornoy," she said, as sho raised her. veil, and disclosed li6r face, white and faint from fatiguo and intenso excitement. The colonel came to a dead halt, and stood staring down at her, as if ho thought her a ghost. " Lady Strathspey 1" he gasped, at last, " in Heaven's name— —' . -." I am -going across tho Channel, Colonel Vurnoy," oho interrupted, with dignity J '??* will you have the goodness to nss'st mo on board "the etoamer ?"? Tho colonel waa a thorough gentleman. Hβ bowed doeplyf ropreeaingovory vestige of curiosity, and drawing her arm through It's conducted hee to comfortable quarters aboard the eteamor. While ho paced the deck, half an hour Inter, pulling his cigar and puzzling his brain to discover what was the meaning of Lady Strathspey's unusual modo of travelling, the countess conio gliding to his side. ?' Colonel Verney," eho said laying her hand lightlyonhia arm, " you are wonder ing, nonoiibt, what it is that takes n>Bout of England in this run-away fashion V The Colonel bowed anil-wnilcd. " I am a liltlo curioui, I Lady I Strathspey," he replied. 1 „ The oouiitees otood eileat lot a moment, looking up at the misty start overhead, hor eyes full o£ deep end noloinn tliought. " Colonel Vorney," eho continued at Inst. " you may T>e nure nothing ehort of vital intercut would tako mo from my homo and husband in this fashion; niy mission acrona tbo Channel is one of life and death—to my own heart, at least. I em strong enough of will, but weak of body, as we women unfortunately are. I did not intend that you should find mo out, bul my poor, womanly ?weakness be trayed mc." Perhaps it ie as well. 1 need a friend. Colonel Vorney, I am almost inclined, to trust you, to ask you to holp mo , " Sho raised her sad, appealing eyes to his faco, and looking down into their starey depths, the Indian officer felt his heart thrill with something of the old,' passionate admiration, that thoso same sweet eyes had awakened when he was a gay young guardsman, and Lady Mar guerite's lover. , But the colonol, as we have said, was a thorough geritlctnatya man of sterling honor. And looking down upon the woman he had once loved, helpless and in trouble, he felt that he could be all the truer and more helpful in his friendship, because of that very love. '?Lady Strathspey," he ._. answered, quietly, but with something in hie voice that at onco inspired faith and confidence, " I am at your service, ready to help you in anyway 1 can." If he had boon profuse in his assurances, clio would have hesitated j his solf-pos aesaion and simple candor won her confi dence. She drew him to a seat in a shel tered corner, and. there, beneath tho silont stars, with a dash of. tho silver water in his ears, sho began at the begin ning and told him ill her strange story, wondering at herself ac nhe did so, for an hour before he would have been tho last man on earth she would havo clioson for her confidant. Yet now impolled by some impulso strongor than her will, she told him everything. .. Tho colonel listened with interest, and profound pity softened his keen, gray eyes. .'?;' ' ' \ - ? ?' ? .. : ??>-. - . ?'.' Old soldier that he was, ho could undor etand tho deep yearning of the mother's love for her own babo. . " I am afraid,. Lady Strathspey," he said, when she had finished, "that you have beon unwise in taking this step. It would have boon better to havo confided everything to your husband, and suffered him to hear his share of the doubt and anxiety. I mn an old bachelor," ho con tinued, smiling down upon her wilh.pity ing kinduces, " but 1 don't believe in any concealment between man and wife. Your motive is pure and gobd,but your conduct is opon to misconstruction. Howevor," he added, buttoning his coat and straighten ing his fino figure, after, his military habit, " if you are determined to go on, I am at your service, ready to helo you iv any possible way." "I shall go on," replied tno countess, firmly, " I will not tura back." ' "Very, woll, go to your room now and try to rest. From Calais I will telegraph to my sick'friond in Paris, and I'll see you safe into the Tyrol and on your way homo. Good- nighti Lady Strathspey." - . "Good-night, Colonel, and may Heaven toward you I" J He strode away, and the countess went to her state-roum with a lightened heart. : CHAPTER XVII. A wrilTE HE. The Earl of Strathspey hold his word as sacred as his bond; nevertheless he told, what, in polite parlance, would be called a white lio, when he avowed hie intention of making a run down to Lon on. And white lies are about as dis astrous in their results aa black ones, for if tho earl 1 ad not indulged in this one, ho would havo spared hiinsolf many a day of bitter agony. ; * Sinco that aftornoon, when, ns he galloped over the Tyrol, on his return from the shepherd's cot, that terrible suspicion flashed across his mind, Lord Strathspey had not known ono hour of rest. He possessed just the temperature to seize upon a silly suspicion, and I magnify it, and brood over it, till it grow j into a torturing reality. The sudden fancy that struck him, was that tho little flaxen-haired boy, with a face so wondrously like Lady Pearl's, was his ici/e's child. Strangely enough, it never occurred to this giftod peer that tho boy might be his child, and the one who bore his name, ana was to be his heir, might bo an impostor. No euch droam ever entered his mind; he fully believed that his own babo, marked with the scarlet cross, as some of the malo Strathspeys had been bofuro him, had beon restored to him ; yet ho harbored tho foolish sus picion that tho littlo Tyrol lad, whose faco haunted him day and night, might be the child of his countess. He, herhusband, thus dishonored her by a slanderous sus picion, yet if any living being had dared to utter such a thing in his hearing, he would have struck him dead 4t hia foot. Onco in his mind, the fancy haunted him Hko a tiuud. How else could ho ac count for hia wife's visit to the cottage, for her strango conduct, and above all her obstinacy, in refusing to confide to him the cause of her unrest and depression 1 At last tho poor man's torture grew to bo unbearable, and ho determined to go back to tho Tyrol and solve the mystery. Ho would find some way, either through fear or bribery, to force the secret from the glib-tongued old woman; and he would eeo tho child again, and judge by its age and appearance whetherhis terrible suspicious wore true or false. . Accordingly, he made his arrangemonte, and uttered his. whito. lip about hie run down to London. But instead of going to the metropolis, he went straight to Dover Harbor, and crossed the Channel I by tho first steamer, little dreaming that I the very next one would bring his wifo over. From Calais hei staged direct for the valloy of the lUietian Alps ; but mid way, at a little wayside inn, ho foil ill. Hia constitution was like iron, but it sank beneath the incessant mentnl torture ho had endured within tho last few weeks; and. for two nights he lay prostate, scorched with fovor. In his delirious, midnight dreams,- ho began to think of death, death iar from home, and wife, and children.;" death, with this hideous sus picion.in hia soul. His wife's face, sweet, and pure, and reproachful, ioso up bofore him, and ,ho ftwoko to the bitter wrong he was doing her, and determined, to. return to England. atul forever give over hia ab surd illusion. : ?. ?;.". : ; .V.'-; ; . ';:;." But the moment tho fever abaie4 he tottered to hia fest, and ell hia oltt, tortvir. ing feare returned with doublo force. Ho could not go back ; lie must know tho truth, or ho should go road.: . , ' So, in opposition to; tho entreaties of tho surgeon who attended him, he started off, white ac a ghost, and.only able to keep on his feet. .': ? The Septembor sun hung low iv the purple sky, and all tho grand eld Switzor peaks glittered with his departing glory; on tho afternoon {when Lady Strathspey leached tho Tyrol valley. Colonel Vor noy had; sent a dispatch from Calais to Paris, nnd learning that his friend was something better, he accompanied hor.; At a small public-house, at no groat distance from thoehopherd'e.qottage, he hired a .carriage and drove across the Grnih'ng green valley. Divining with the intuitive instinct of a gentleman, that tho poor mother would sooner seek her child alone, ho put her out at the edge of tho little coppico, and avowed JhV de termination to remain ;thcro with the carriago until she should return, j Lady Strathspey walked briskly over tho short space that intervened between the coppice and tho cottage, her heart throbbing so wildly as almost to stop her breath. In a few moments oho would know the truth, and ascertain whether there was any proof of which her child might be reclaimed and reinstated. The eun dipped low above the western eeas, the Alpine summits gleamed and glittered in their eternal whitoness ; a mingled melody of tinkling bells and low ing hords floated on the balmy evening air, but unmindful of all, unconscious even of her glorious surroundings,, tho countess hurried on. Half way across the slope o£ meadow land, a peal of childish' laughter startled her, and just beforo her, clustered upon tho velvet sward, beneath a giant oak, she beheld a young kid, all garlanded with wild-wood blossoms, an immense Alpine sheep-dog, and a littlo boy/in a Bcarlot smock and plumed cap. The little follow was sitting astride, tho dog's back, dipping his curly head, and shouting with childish glee, while tho great, grim animal lay, with his nose resting on his paws in the afternoon sunshine, as if lie enjoyed the oport. Lady Strathspey stood still a moment, gazing on the lovely pastoral picturo, tho tears streaming over hor wan checks. At last sho drew near. The dog raised his pointed ear'), and uttered a hoarso growl. Tlio countess paused in terror, but tho boy'a quick eyes had spied her. "Down, Tiger," he cried, plfnting his brown, chubby foot on tho animal's head, and the dog obeyed. "Come on," he continued ; "him won't bite 00, him only bites do bud foxes." Lady Strathspey approached, and hold out her hand. "Have you forgotten mc, Itoramio?" she asked. "No, inced, I knows oo—oo corned with other lady, longi long ago. Dats niy kid, Molly's kid; granmudder s iys it's my brudder—ain't it nice V ho replied, giving her ono little hnrid, and pointing the other toward the kid, which was cropping the green j;rasB-blade3 a yard or two away. ? She tried to answer, but hor voice failed; the littlo prattling voice thrilled her to the heart's core. " Oh, my darling, my dnrling I" she sobbed, catching tho child in her nnns, and covering his face and hair with pos eionate kisses. . ? He struggled from her arms/ looking wide, wondering eyes.-. j " What do mako oo always ky ?" lib questioned, a trifle impatiently; "Rotnmie 4on't like folks to ky." . I " Don't yon, darling ?" said the | countess, restraining her tears ;" then I'll not cry any more, for I want you to like mo. Don't you like mc, liommie V "Oh, yes, Rommic likes 00, an' ho likes granmudder, an' graupap, nn' Molly, lots end lots." ?.'."?... "Who is Molly?" ...?'." ?-: ;?: " Molly's my goat—my mammy goat— don't oo want 'o see hor V " Not now ; I'll see her by and by ; sit here by mo, and lee us talk a littlo bit. Whore's grandmother ?". ; . "Tookiiigsupper. Wo's doing to have tustard pie—oo want soma ?" Lady Strathspey noddedj and took his little round right arm in her hands, with a beating hear!;, almost fearing to look, for the birth-mark, yet feeling suro it was there. :.' "Won't you lot mc see your i>rctly arm V'eho asked. ..." Yes, indeed I Does oo want to sea my pretty,kd?S, too ?—look a there now.!" he cried, pushing up tho loose sloovo of his smock. ?':... . There it was! The Strathspey birth mark, tho scarlet cross, deep nnd vivid beneath tho white, trauoparent skin ! For au instant the sunlight peaks, ami all tho greou valley, owain hoforo tho pour mother's eyes, but by a mighty efl'urt sho ?,6ntr'jlk'd herself. ? ." Little Jlonnnic," she said, solemnly clasping tho boy closo to her heart, ';you are my Own child, ami as miro nn 1 live, and Heaven holps mc, jou ahull bj'your father's heir. CHAPTEU XVIII. .IN WIIICU TUB EAItL IS SATISWKD. On this oelf-samo afternoon Lord Strathspey being unablo to i>rocuro oven ao much ac a saddle-horse, walked across the country to tlio elicpliord's cottage. Ho was yory weak, and his h?ad painod him very, badly, but tho liorco unrest at hia heart was worse by far thanany bodily suffering. He was determined to find out the truth. Ho would never go back with out it. Yet in the vory hoiglit of his jealous determination be felt angered at his own folly in Buffering such a ground less suspicion to take possession of him. He reached the coppico, and turning sharply round its corpor, came all of a sudden upon a carriage! and Colonol Gilbert "Verney strolling up and down in front of it. Tho two won recognised each otlior on tho in9tant, and after one short breath of BurprUo raised their hate in mutual salutation. 'Eho carl strode on, and Colonol Vprnoy took out his cigar and looked after Irim, growing , a eliado paler beneath his Indian bronze in his pity for the poor countess, who, he folt sure, was being pursued by her irate husband. \ ?? f ' 4 What tho deuce brings him here, I wonder'(" muttered Lord Strathspey,' as be hurried on.;- .:'.;':' -'??'\ : ,;? . ?:.<'? Midway the nieadow tlio group beneath the o;?k; attr-icted his attcution. : .Soirio thing iti the' graceful outlines of ; the Troiman'e figure : - stt'iick a chill of deadly (sir. through :;>We;i Jwsrt, >.' Kβ gftujea, irresolute'for'the-' moment whether to go. or not.-- .; ?.??'..?<?.'. ? ; . v . :' .? :?..? -~..' The picture before him was one of -wondrous beauty; the groat, far.Tsprcad ing troe, the' omcrald turf, tho graceful figure of the kneoling woman, and the littlo Alpine foundling, in. his scarlet smock and jaunty cap, standing between his two,companions, tho grim- sheop-dog and the young kid. Even in his ponso and dumb, incomprehensible dread of, ha knew-not what, Lord Strathspey; folt a thrill of admiration,; and ia after years—ah, years of bitter sorrow, toor-ho had but to close his eyes and the lovely pastoral scone arose beforo him, framed ns it was by tho bluo peaks of the Alps. He stood like one in a dream, watching the woman's passionate gesturee. ; Ho saw her clasp the boy to her breast nnd kiss and caress him ; ho even canght a faint echo of her unrestrained sobs. Presently she roso to her feet and turned her face toward him ; and the Earl of Strathspey whitened to the very hue of death, for it was the face of his vim wife. .'; For one brief moment ho was lost in utter bowildor.uent, ?.;unable to bclievo what he saw with, his own eycS>. And | then a sudden thought burst upon him. Ho remembered the waiting carriage, and waiting colonel, round tho corner of tho [coppice. I "'?":" Oh, Heaven !" he groaned, "it is she, It is all true. And he her companion, Her old lover. Curso him Ihe shall die forit!" : ??" : . ?.' The words seemed to hiss.through his sot tooth, his face was ghastly to look upon, his eyes gleamed with a rage that bordered:, on madness. Turning on his hool he'strode back toward tho coppico, and ther countess, in her excitement ovor the child, had no dream of his presence. Colonel Gilbert Verney was. pacing up and down before his carriage, evidently ill at ease, yet puffing at his cigar in an eminently stoical manner, when the carl burst like an ouranged wild beast upon him.. ?.? ; : ? '.- ? '? ?;? .;."., ".'' , " You unprincipled coward I' , he cried, catching tho officer by tho collar, "did you bring my wife hero or not ? Answer mo!' , ??? ?. "? .'?': ?'? '...."' '? '?'' The colonel was a cool, brave man, one who rarely over lost command of his temper, lie caught the earl's hand in a grasp that seemed like steel, and removed it quietly from Iris-collar. - V "Now, my lord," he cad, calmly, "have the goodness to reserve your epithets and ? restrain your temper, and we may bo able to como to an understand ing." " Did you bring my wife to this place.'" thundered Lord Strathspey. "I took charge of her from Dover, at which place I found her ill and unpro tected," auswered.tho colonel; "and," he continued, in a. cohciliatiug tone, " for her sake; I entreat you to bo calm, and listen to what I have to say. ?'You took charge of her from Dover, did you ?" cried the irate poor. "What business have you taking charge of my wife, you unprincipled villain ! >Vhat is sho hare for ? Answer mc, or it shill cost you your life." The colonel smiled quietly, but hisgrcy oyes wore beginning to bluzo. He was not tho man to brook abuse or insult. "You must ask your'countess what brings her hero," ho replied. "It is no affair of mine; yet for her sake, and tho respect I bear her, I'll add that her Ob ject and her motive are alike pure and good.". " You liel" otormed the carl, absolutely foaming with rage. "No good wife would indulge in such an escapade as this. You are a liar and a coward, Gilbert Verney, and I tell you so ?to your teeth. "Take care, my lord,' , said the colonel, with au ominous flash iv his steel-like eyes. '? Take care of what ? Do you think I fear ?/?it. you sneakingcownrd''" " Lord Stratlispcy, you shull answer for your words," rctnrned tho colonel, in hi* calm tones. " Xot even fur your wife's snko will I bear with such insults as this." "My wife's sako 1" gasped Lord Stralhspoy...'"'" Oh, you sneaking hound I you shall pay dearly for this. Name tho hour and plnciy and I'll put a bullet through your cowardly heart. You.a soldier. Pith ! I'll havo you drummed out of your regiment!" - A sow crimson was rising in tho Indian officer's bronzed cheeks,' and his eyes shouo like fire. "Very well, my lord," ho replied, " when wo meet agaiu all this shall bo s ttlcd." I "Sols shall," retorted the almost in sane husband, as ho strode away. " I'll settle "-it. fast enough, by blowing your brains out. I'd do it now, if I only had a weapon, Go yonder, and fetch awny your huso companion," ho continued, pointing overplus shoulder toward tho oak beneath which hia unconscious wifo still aat. "Sho is no wife of mine. From this hour 1 rouoitnce her forover. You may take her,' and welcome, but it shall cost you your heart's blood."' , " Lord Strathspey," uttered tlio colonel, inakiug a step forward, his face expressing the anxiety ho felt, not for himsolf, but J for tho woman upon whom these conse quences would fall so heavily, " you are laboring uudor a great mistake " j But tho curl motioned him back, with a savago gesture, nnd disappeared round the copoicc, reeling at every step ; and > beforo he had gone half a mile, ho fell, as if a bullot had struck him, face down ward on tho greensward of the Tyrol valley. . ..'?'..?. (TO BE CONTINUED.) Prof- Heilprin has written a book en titled "Tho Ucogrnphical Distribution of Animals. A man recently bought a copy in order to learn why, when the distribution took place, t>9 per cent ot all the cats and dogs In the universe was awarded to the town in which be resides. It seems strange, but It is n broad-gunge tact, that there is not ii city or town in tho country tbat didn't get '.)'.) per cent of the cats and dogs when the distribution of animals was made. Aprcpon- Jcrnnco of horses and have beon preferable; I ' Pleaso. sir, ,, said, a dilapidated speci men of humanity, "won't you give ma twenty.ilvo cents to get somethlng to cat ? I haven t tasted a morsel of food for two whole daya." ?' You look healthy and strong," oaid the person addrceacd ;" can't you got work i * " I have work. lam nn nullior." " Why, then, do you Eolicit alms ?" "I am writing a series ot ortlclison'lljw to Get Uich, , but I won't get paid fur them until tlia last one is printed." _Better <!io a beggar tuna lire b beg- 