CYCLING. THIS AUBTRAL WHSUL RA.OB. | Tbe great cycling cvout of tbe yeur, the Austral Wheel Jof £2(9 race, tukos place) to-morrow on tho Molbournc Cricket Ground, baring been postponed from lust Buiurday ou account of tho inclement stnto of tbe weather. TUo interest this year seems to be greater than in any previous year, aud a great deal of betting has taken placo oror the evo&t.; When tho hand leaps wero 11 rU opened it looked a gift istho scratch man,T. Russt, but judging by the impruvcd,iorm ot many oYtUe riders the task set T. finest now seems au exceedingly hard one, but he ought to bo oue of thn first four. Lust year Davis, of Adelaide, won it off scratch iu fiiuia. 2«flcc., but that timo will not wiu it this year. J. \Y. 11. Bum is in good form, but ho onunut get a place, neither can Lewis, 20yds. Scharp, on 25yds., u" off color," so we pass him by, H, ii. Lauibtou cornea next on tho 40yds, mark. lie won this event in 1387, uud he 14 now in jfuir form, but the champion holds him safe, Muyea, -luyils., has nut tho ghost of a<sliow. H. Chrlsp ou 70yds. nud Campion ou lui'yd'. are m good form, aud while they lust will mako u lot travel. W. J. 0. Elliott and old Suaok uro vast their prime, though their murks are very, -good 130yds. aud 135yda. respectively. Mullens, o) South Australia, ha a very healthy show, and ought tu gut a gaud place, lie D ou the 14Uyds. mark, and Imi put iu sotnu ratt.lng trial. Last week be won the three-mile race off tlui 30ydi and ho has improved since he hud bucu In Melbourne. Hi party are very eouUdont of his win ning. Hull, on the ISOyde.. ha ruu the full .two miles in 6mlu. 40 hoc., and If he ruus up to this must bo iomowheru about at tUu finish, Nicholson reads ono of tho best in the haudicap on 190yds, Hu has run itwo trims mf two miles icuoh iu 6min, 37scc\p which, off his murk, means Guiiu. iHseo,, ami that will ipruity near win. Leaviug a lot more behind who do not appeurlto ihuve a alioa, wocomo.to the ruau who to m appears the winner, in U'wentynmu. on 245yds. lie rau two iniiua with Lauibtou uud Mayes, racing in 6iuln. 4 1 see., tnakiug his. Uuio tGmin. 17seo, off his i mark, and iu a mora rocuut trial has knocked a couple of ticks off thin. Ills fault is want of heart ; but, (after tho drilling uud Ichsouh ho has had, that ought to ho mluus to-morrow. To .summon them up they appear to us as if they will fiulsli in the following order Twcatyuiuu, Nicholson, Muffins and fiu9st. The latest quotations iu bcttiug for tbe Austral Wheel Race are 4 to 1 Twontyrmm uud NIoholion, 6 to 1 T. fiusftt, Bali aud Juoksou, 8 to 1 Lauibtou, 19 to 1 Mullens aud Herman, 12 to 29 to 1 others. 